WEADDEN STOPS SWEENE

AIGHTWEIGHT'S SECONDS
wr tHE SPONGE,
Constantly Breaks
Tactics, but Is
Stays
Much

 

IRISH
Twakow

Rules
Merely

Local Pugtlist
With Rough
Warned Sweeney
Rounds and Shows
Thoveh he committed numerous fouls,

for which he was merely cautioned, George

MeFadJen, the local lightweight,

in stopping Patsy Sweeney, a

young Irishman, ib the twenty-first

at the Hroadweg A. C. last nignt,

Fadden was wrrned repeatedly for his

unfair tactics, but that was all. He could have

been disqualified at almost any period.

Sweeney put up a good, stiffargument and re-

ceived constant applause for his fairness and

skill, But he could not withstand the rough-
ness and fugeed fighting of his opponent,
whose strength saved him on several oeva-

plucky
round

gions.
The preliminary was quick and decisive,
Charley MeNally of Providence, white, under-
took to polish off Jim Hayward of Chicago,
colored, who entered the ring witha bunged-
up left eye. MeNally showed inexperience,
andinthe third round he was heavily floored
bya series of swingson the jaw. While Referee
Charley White counted off ten seconds Me-
Nally gamely struggled to regain bis feet, but
was unsuccessful. Hayward wasthe winner

McFadden was a 2-to-l favorite over
Sweeney and even money that tho latter
would stay twelve rounds. ‘The conditions

wore twenty-five rounds at 183 pounds, weigh
in at 3 o clock yesterday afternoon, Straight
Queensberry rules governed the contest

Rweeney was sulfering from stage fright
when they shook hands, and MePaduen pro-
ceeded to force matters. Rweeney received
several bot left-handers in the face and was
easily out-pointed when time wasup, Asthe
second round opened Sweeney was more con
fident and promotly began driving over right-
handera to the heal, McFadden wrestled the
Irishman down in a clinch and was hissed,
When Sweeney got up he was full of fight and
held his own in a jong exchange of heavy
smashes.

They were cautioned for wrestling at the
beginning of the third round. Then they mixed
it up, Sweeney joiting the jaw with a solid
right. McFadden was warnell for roughiag,
and Sweeney shook bim with a left ino the
wind, followed by a right-hand drive on tho
neck. But Mckadden came back strongly ina

moment and jarred the head with straight
lefts.

Sweeney appeared to be slowly solving Me-
Fadden’'s defence, and when they came up for
the fourth the Lrishinan was more confident
than before, Sweeney meta series of rushes
with well directed loftsto the mouth and throat
He also got his right well overto the neck in
spite of MeFadden’s blocking. But MeFadden
at close quarters goon used effective right
handers, too

No time was lost in the fifth before they were
at it with jucreased vigor, Meladden bustied
hard and also roughed {t so persistently that
the referee had to warn him again. Sweeney
then wentin with a great attack, and MeFad-
den was literally beaten to his best defence
It waa Sweeney's round and his stock boomed,

MeFadden jumped out for the sixth, ready
for another warm mix-up. Sweeney banwed
him on the yaw withthe right and Mekadden
clinched. sey punched him hard aud
rapidiy again, McFadden used his shoulder,
elbow anda backhander in direct violation of
the rules. Sweeney, in spite of these little
things, had the round,

Sweeney fought with caution and strengthin
the seventh. He wasted few blows, and he
landed his mashes with better precision than
his opponent. MeFadden waa very strong,
though, and was continually trying to Janta
swing on the Jaw. He did very little body
punching

Sweeney, in the eighth, got to close quarters,
where he was stag d by a volley of swings
onthe head, But he did not retreat, and sent
back the punches with surprising power. Me-
Fadden fouled all through the round and
the crowd yelled in disapproval. Sweeney
finally pianted o great ert in the pit of the
stomach, and with a right to the jaw he had
McFadden distressed at the gong

Sweeney handed cut some of MeFadden’s
medicine inthe ninth by roughing his man to
a clinch, He also landed enough powerful
smashes onthe head to make McFadden run
eround the ring on the defensive. sw
followed fast and McePadden rallied with hard
awings and elbow work, Mekuadden fellina
elinch, but was up and Nnished comparatively
strong.

MeFadden for
was equal toth
effect
ing and inissed the jaw by a hair witha territic
left, McFadden used the left effectively on the
face qiter that and scored many points.

McFadden kept on with the let in
eeveoth and soon drew the claret from
Sweeney's mouth, Getting to close quarte:
however, he got anumber of stiff facers fron
the Lrishman, who was apparently ns st
a@bull, Sweeney rushed near the end ol the
roundand both feilin a heap, MeFadden un
derneath

Meiadden went to inflehting inthe twelfth

 

  

 

    

  

 

dit in the tenth, but Sweeney
samergency and mixed it with

 

nen

 

and quickly staggered Sweeney with rapid
smashes on the neck and jaw. “Sweeney's
right eye began toswe!ll, but hestuck to his

ob and pounded the body at every opportunity,
These blows soon weakened Melagden, who
was clinching and running at the gong.

McFadden meta rush in the thirteenth with
aswingonthe neck. Sweeney rushed again
@nddrovethe right to the heart with great
force, McFadden was warned for roughing
again, but he paid no attention to the referer,
Ina hot slugging bee Sweeney received an
upper ecuton the jaw that shook him, jut he
came back with body punches that once more
tired MeFadden. Toward the close MeFad-
den hugged hard to save himself

  

eney |

 

Twenty-one ,
Gamencess, |

succeeded |

Me. |

|
|
|
|
|
|

|

; sale

 

 

PLANS OF ROAD HORSE MEN,

 

    

    

THE

   

 

rms

GoLr.

 

Important Matter to Be Considered at the | Vardon Denies a Pablished Report— Fixtures

Meeting Neat Week.

Members of the Road Horse Association of
the State of New York will hold a meeting at
the Hotel Cadillac on next Tuesday evening for
the purpose of electing oMvers aad mapping
out plans for the coming season, The first
business transacted, however, will probably be
to change the namo of the organization to
something less unwieldly and modify the con-
stitution and by-laws. The new name will
likely be the Road Drivers’ Association, A.B
Gwathmey, whois now in California, has de-
clined to serve lougeras President and Dr, I.

H, Kane is likely to be chosen to succeed him,

The committee recently appointed to formu-
Inte a plan jor getting the good horses together
ou sumething like ev p terms onthe Speedway
will, it 14 understood, report in favor of @
scheme borrowed from the bieyele paths of
Faris. The plan is to provide rosettes to be
won and woru by the fustest trotter at @

quarter of a mile, ata half-mile and at a taille, |

With simflar badges of victory tor the pacers.
Whenever the champion loses bis scalp in @
brush the budge gous with itand the vietor car-
ries it at his orow band until a horse comes
along that can give him the dust,

Many momovers of the assuciation are opposed
to this plan or any other which contemplates
anything resembiing a formal trial of speed on
the driveway. They say it is calculated to mis-
tead the pone us to the character of the sport
there and provide @ shiping target for yellow
Jouruadsm, President Gwathmey, Nathan
Straus and many other road riders, who are
tacmnbers of the association, have declined to
the programme of the committee,
saying the present lack of all formality isthe
very best feature of the sport,

Newaunou, March 1.—Vhe Newburgh Horse.
menu's Assoviation held its annual meeting last
night, transacted important business and
e!octed the following officers: Charles H. Han-
ford, President; &. DW. lose, Vice-President;
Wilham FP. Brush, Secretary, and James AP,
Kamscell, Treasurer. The assoctation received
an invitation to join two circuits, and it was
agreed to hold two meets during the year, The
first circuit will include Poughkeepsie, Albany,
Utica, Glens Falls, Syracuse and Newburgh,
and willopen eurly in June, and the second
cireult will include New Paltz, Goshen, Middle-
towu and Port Jervis and Montgomery, and
Will open in August.

Racing at New Orleans,

New Orieans, March 2.—James Arthur's
gate little horse Andes demonstrated to eve-
ry body's satisfaction this afternoon that he is
easily the best four-year-old around here,
Jockey Mitchell was again in great form to-
day. landing three winners. All hia mounts are
followed with faith regardless of form or fig
urvs and those who have done #0 are well to
the good. Summaries:

First Race Chree-year-olds, selling, ome mile
Night Bower, 110 rost), 3 to 2 and Sto 5, won;

 

| Barney FF, 110 Mitchell. 3 to 1 place, second; Rus-

 

well K., 110 (banson, third, Time, 1.48

second Lace Maden three-year-olds; six fur
longa War, 110 (Newcomb), 8 t 1 and 8 to 1, won;
Philter, 105 Boland), ¢t 1 place, second, Koand O,
107 Jones), third, Time, 1:16.

Thirl Race Selling. four-year olds and upward,
one atid one sixteenth miles—E)smore, 106 | Matehell,

  

  
 
 

1s to Sand 4bo5 i, Koontz, 113 Boland), 18 to
Bandit see nd; Yuba Dam. 10% (MeJoyant),
turd, fime, be

Fourth Race -Handicap: three-year-olds and upward;
one mie Andes, 116 Mitchell), 11 to 10and # to 20,
won. Prince of Verona, 101 (Boland), 6 to 5 place,
sec ad; Dr Vaughan, v4 (Wedderstramd), third,
Time, 1:62

Fifth Rioe—Selling: three-year-olds; seven fur-
lougs—Statira, (06 Mitchell), vto 2 ond 8 tod, won;
Allie Hale, 108:\ Prost), 4 to place, secoud; Ran

 

   
 

 

 

Gee, 107 (Wedderstrand), third. Time, 1;8044.
ai Sell ng. three year vids and upward;
ixand one halffurlonzs—Cortslis, 103) MeJoynt), 10
Agitator, 118 (Boland 4

'
to land 4 to] place, won
t piace, second, Sir Blave,

”"

{11 Weber), third,

 

‘Time, 1

The programme for to-morrow follows:

Mirst Race-Six furlongs Misa Dede, Miss Mae
Day, Jamaica and Flevrop, 112; Beldown, Duar
and Alirea, 105

second BRace-Half @ mil Siddara, Gray Dolly®
ana Choter, 118; Bonnie Hallie ad Anxious, 119;
Moses. 108, Clara David, (rale Todd and Frank John-
gon, 10>: Miss Zara,* Miss Connelly, Janswood and
Frances Boos, 102,

*Kevan «entry

Third Race —Handic we steeplechase, shortcourse -
Cheesemite, 150, Van Brant, 137; Jim Hogg, 145;
Phil Boeker, 151; Princess Murphy, 150

Fourth Race Oakland Havdiean, one mile and @
quarter—Wolaurst, 112; Al Fresco 108; Fva Rice,
101; Sidney Lnens, #8; Jackar me, 4

   
  

Vifth Race Selling, one mile and three furlongs—
Ranquo IL, 105, Yuba Dam, Rush Fields, Goose
Tiverand Admetus, 102) Possum, 100; Pat Garrett

 

Lead, vi, Natier, Babe Pields, Ktidorpha

and Little S.nger #5
Kace- Selling: one mile

 

      

  

Sista in, 124. L. T,
Caton. 141; Banrica, 129, ¢ wion, Ky., Zolo and
Kverest, 120) Mebus and Nellie Prinee, 126, Granby
and Senat) + @ bs 132.

Seventh | 4 ling: seven ftrlongs—Manlina,
lv, Asto * Racebnd an | Bras, 105, King Flk-
woowland mor. due, Tolocok Meddlesome, Nan-
nic Davie and .intan, 100; Prince Real, #3,

Lig Sale ot Coach and Carriage Horses,

The largest sale of coach and carriage horses

MeoFadden then tried long-range fight= | on record took place atthe Dexter Park pavil-

| jon in Chicago last week, 300 high-steppers

the |!

MeFadden roughed it all through the fonr- |

  
   

  
  
 

 

passing under the auctioneer’s hammer, The
highest price of the sale was paid y VLH
Tichenor for the dock-tailed trotter Welling-
ton, witha recor! of 2:27, and the average for

 

sa'e wos S2A0 per Lead, WD. Grand,

' " ’ Vent S ryuss Were am
oe A Yiaey > oPese VOudht
twelve o vibes ah. b> ub thie sive for the
Now York market. Several foreign horsemen

wera heavy buyers for shipment to London
and Paris, Tichenor’s $2,000 high-stepper is
likely to be seen here before long.

 

 

Scholastic Legis!ators in Session,

The monthly meeting of the Long Island
Interscholastic A. L., was held yesterday at the
Adelphi Academy, Brooklyn, Robert Man-
ning presided and Secretary J. H. Stillmann
recorded the proceedings. Tha condition of
the treasury was found to be satisfactory, ithe
League betng out debt and having a good sized
balance in the bank, The Skating Champion-
ship Committee reporte! that the events in

teenth, but Sweeney stood up to him gameiy | the recent tournament Were a success and the

. a rae nat ore jl e {nomen Be & ha te committee might be able to turn over a sure
MeFadden was wart in the Afteenth for | plus whenall the tickets were in from the

holding and hitting. Sweeney was app uded schoois,

Mo orden saan his bart ve Terae nes The intercity basketball competition be-

another hard attack and soon had Sweeney | tween the Pratt Institute High School team

wavering, Sweaney’s mouth was cut again,
but he did pot: back away but mixed it to the
end

MePaddoen resumed his face blows in the six-
teenth, Sweeney met himinthe same way
and also punched him) solidly in the stomach
MePadden back-heeled his man tothe four. In
spite of it all Sweeney soon pulled his antago.
nist up with amashes in the rits which showed
where MeFadden’s weakness was

Sweeney took a severe pounding in the first

arrof the seventeenth, but he did not flinch

fe exehanged blow tor blow and had plenty of
steam, too, Mekaauden was ones more repri-
manded for holding. He roughed tt to the
eiose. Ss nev forthe first time protesting

 

    

MeFadden put in more hard fucers tn the
eighteenth, A right on the Jaw stug@ered
Sweeny and another put. bim_ half down,

MeFadden redoubled his efforts, but Sweeny's
legs were atrong enough to keep him up, The
Trishiman was cheered when he sat down
lePadden opened the nineteenth with a hard
rush. Sweeney had recovered, and with heavy,
short-armed blowa he beat his manoff. Ina
rally at cloae quarters Sweeney's body blows
made MeFadden clinch ant use his feet
Fweeney kept up his punching, however, anl
MeFadden was glad down,
Both were desperate in the twentieth, punch.

to sit

ing and roughing constantly at elose vance
MeFadden eomiuitte| a deliberate foul with
his elbow and, a3 usual, got away with ft. Two

leftaon the jaw tarred Sweeney, but hisstrength
kept him up, Mekadden nwhipped ater.
rifie right over to the jawand scored a elean

 

 

knockdown, {The belli ending the round
sounded as the referee counted six and
Bweeney staggered gamely to his clair
MeFadden ust ed fer a knockout in the
twenty-ilrst. Sweeney, however, stopped bis

advance with a right-hander in the stomach
MeFadden came again, and with a sie (
the jaw he sent Sweeney down, The Prishman

got up piuckily only to be floored agnin with

 

 

    

two rights, When he arose he was be-
wildered, and as he was on. the potnt
of being knocked ont, his second, D Sallie
van, threw up the vonge. The ref gaye
the fight then to M dden, the time of the |
round being one minute aud (ity-three see
onds. Sweeney reeeived 4 or his cean
fighting ond remarkalle gam .

 

Maher.Accepts Walcotts Challenge.

The sweeping vell which Tom ok
Bued on behallo! bs colored tighting demon,
Joe Waleott, to meet any of the heavy «
barring Tom have st
the big fellows to acti The late
to meet Walcott is Veter Maher
O'Rourke yesterday Maher
ready to foht Walcott and thata
delphia in willing to give a eoodls
fora six-round combat, In diseussl

ropostion with @& reporter of
Rourke said

Uta

Klits.

Sharkey, seems t rred

st who wants
Ina letterto
rites that he is
t Phila.

 

  

 

 

“Waleott will certainly fight Maher, hor not
at Philadelphia. Lt the mateh tara lo ut imust
take place in this city, We eoud get more
money before one of the loeal clubs and Maher
knows this as wellas fd Moreover, Pwould

ketoeav il the norerfict ht ob
Ditistheo ha thate W ot

O he ean t Voitkerboowee Ay
pool tournament was played lastnight. Ru-
‘olph Auerbach defeated Vranklin Vien. Jr.,
bya seore of 100 to SO in the first seetion
The other scheda.ed game was; os" ed, OW:

ABs fu the Illness of One of the Contesiunts.

 

  
 

} whieh will be played at the Clermont

and the New York Interscholastic champions

will be played offatthe K, A, C, gymnasium,
on March Yy.. All arrangements were com-
pleted for the intercity hockey champlonship,
avenue
rink, on next Wednesday. night, between
“Poly Prep” and Berkeley School teams. Tle
first anrualintereity fleld and track meeting

  

 
    

will be beid on May 19 at Manhattan Field
The hockey championship was formally
awarded the “Poly Prep” School
Chotyman Graves of the Golf Committee an-
hounced that the championships would be de-
} ei arly in May,on the Garden City links,
tals will be awarded to the succeasful eom-
petitorabd the runner up. Each achool ts to
ja luce ite team before the individuals start
wodtho winner will reecive a banner offered
by the league
Ss. 4. Welton of High Sehool wanted toadd

thee ause to the coustitution that will permit
a post graduate of the High School who fin-
ishes his course in February tocontinue to
compete inthe games of the league until tha
following June, When the vote was taken it
resulted ina tie, and the amendment was laid
on the table until the next meeting, as Pratt

 

 

 

 

Institute was absent. The amendment reads
as follow

Any s 1 graduating in February may bea
lowedt mpete till theend of June in any sy

   

in which he has not represented his school for more
Dy matisactory work

 

than roviding he ia
and th paloft the school certifies that he is
attending aehool to the extent of mot less than
hours a Woek
f Adelphi Academy, as chairman of

  
  
   

  

' Commitees nonneed that the
un! ehamplonahing will take plaee on the
Pratt Institute courts June 7 ands
Cricket
The annual meeting of the cricket contin.

gentol the Knickerboeker A. ©. was held at
the country clubhouse, Bayonne, during the
week, Two teams will | the
champlonship of the Metropolitan Loague, and
the captains of these will be elected ata meot-

enterel for

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

| £50; bythe Park match,

 

\ Cricket Clnob; Treasurer, Misa Hinnis, Ar

for To-day.

Harry Vardon. in the Intervals of golflag. has
taken very kindly to pool in Florida and he
thinks ita great game, according to a player
who returned from the South yesterday.
While he aud Will Smith, the open champion,
Were playing a pool m atch at Miami recently,
George Low brought in a putter and amid
great applause he suggested that Vardon
should use it instead of the cue. In tho issue
of Feb, 0 Golf [lustrated of London printed the
following:

As @ matter of fact, Vardon has pover made more
than £300 # year by play in this country

Vardon on being shown tho statement said
it was simply absurd. He would not make out
a tabulated list of his earnings last rear, for
he thought it would not look well coming from
him, but Vardon said that be made £150 on
his Southern trip; on the open champiouship,
£100; besides win-
ning from £40 to £15 by taking first honors at
Mid-Surrey, Portmarnock, Cruden Bay and

other tournaments and exhibitions matches.
Vardon played fn forty exhibition during the
year and received pay for each one, Besides
is sularyatthe Scarboro Golf Club at Gan-

| ton, Vardon averaged three lessone and prob-

ably three rounds of the course eaeh day in
adiition, the fees being separate from his
shiary

At the annual meeting of the Women’s Golf
League of Philadelphia on Thursday tho of-
ficers elected were:

President, Mias FE. B, Burt, Philadelphia Country
Club: View President, Mrs. Hl. A, Lewis, Philadelphie
mimio

   
  

 

Golf Club; Secretary, Mise Maryaret OC Maule, Phila
delpbia Cricket Club; Executive Committee, Mrs, U,
f os, Huntingdon Valle Country Club Miss

Katherine K. Cassatt, Merion Crieket Club; Mra. J,
U. Berwind, Philadelphia Country Club.

The annual championship will be held at the
Philatelphia Cricket Ciub links, Besides the
recularteam matches a series of tournaments
will be held on the point system fora handsome
cup

To-day at the Dyker Meadow Golf Club the
first of a series of competitions will be held for
a cup offered by H, Adama, at elgbteen
holes, handicap wedal play. A similar compe-
tition will be held on each sueeeeding Satur-
day during Mareh, the winner each weék to

core 3 points, the second 2 and the third
j point. The cup will be awarded to the
competitor having the greatest aggregate
nuinberof points Another series of contests
to start to-day ia a handicap hogle com petition
at the Westchester Golf Club, which will be re-
peated wach Saturday afternoon during the
minonth. Pointe willbe awarded to the meine
bers making the three best acoras and & silver
cup Will go to the meniber having the highest
score attha end of the month Other events
to-diay will be the regular weekly competitions
at the Nassau Country Ciub, Lawrence Harbor
Country Club, Lakewood Country Club and the
Golf Club of Lakewood.

 

 

Sr. AvGusting, March 2.—The two days’
golf tournament for cups beean here to-day.
The weather was clear and cold and hundreds
of spectators followed the players over the
course, Witnessing some tine playing Inthe
qualification round this morning those qualify.
ing in the first. eight were MaeDowell,
Palmer, Keeney, Hungerford, Dixon, Taylor,
Drake and Titus. The second eight were
Harvey, Champlin, Webber, Washburn, Wat-
son, Sr. Welden. Hill and Chamberlain. In
the March play this afternoon ManDowell beat
Palmer by (up and 5 to go; Keeney beat Hun
rerford Ly Sup and ®to go; Dixon, Sr, beat
Taylor by 4 upand 3to go; Drake beat Titus
byS5upand stogo. inthe second eight Har-
vy beat Champlin by Lup; Washburn beat
Webber by Lup; Welden beat Watson, dr., b
2 upand Hill beat Chamberiain by 7 up and 2
togo. The semi-finals will be played to-mor-
row morning and the finals in the afternoon

Avovera, March 2—Vardon played an elgh-
teen-hole match this afternoon aeainst the
best ballof Cummings. Wallerand Deuny. He
halved 7 noles and won 11. He also broke
both the nine an! etghteen-hole = reeord
ot the links, making 40an137 against 42 and
30, the latter held by David Oulivie, resident
proteszional. ‘To-morrow Vardon wil! play the
f vat ball of Cummings. and Waller of the On-
wentaia Club. Vardon has lowered six
records of seven matches played,

BASEBALL,

Brush Tells the Magnates to Be Ready for
a Meeting Next Week.

John T, Brush, Freedman’s right bower, and
also chairman of the Nationa! League Circuit
Committee, has sent out a cfreular letter tothe
various club presidents relative to the pro-
posed meeting of the moguls. One of these
letters found ita way into the hands of the
President ef the Breoklyn club yesterday, and
as soon a8 he saw that it came from Brush he

ut his forefinger on bis lips and said in a
oqrse whisper:

"Sh-heh-b |!
Nothing short of a dynamite explosion could
have induced the President of the Brooklyn
club to tel! What the Brush lester contained,

 

hutasamatterof fact it simply notifled the
form i 4 Y the Brookiv na that he must
Hholt birise Nreadiueds fora hurry eallto ie
jssved at any moment, It is probable that

|
!

Rrnah will order the Freedman minions to
oo oetoveather by the first of next week, and
some ot them may arrive here to-day or to-
morrow,

W. H. Conant of the Boston stub waa in town
on Thursday. He satin the Fifth Avenue Ho-
tel while his partney, A. Ho Soden, went up to
the Democratic ( lub and took offhia hat tothe
“Boss of Baseball.” Within the next ten days
it is expected that the Democratic Club will be
a magnet onea more for the iudividuals who
control the national game,

Just when the local enthusiasts were feelin
happy, the president of the Now York club ha¢
it announced once more yeaterday that there

\ is absolutely no truth in the report that Me-

|

 

|

'

Graw and Robinson are to be sold tothe New
York club for $15,000; that they are pot
wanted and will not be secured and that Buck
Ewing will be the manager, with full power,
when the cireuit has been reduced. Of course
Treedman says that Ewing will be allowed to
spend a “barrel ot money” in providing a
championship team.

“Broadway Alec’ Smith signed a Baltimore
contract yesterday and said that the torms
offered to him were very satisfuctory, Jt is
said that Manager Seiee would like to have
Smith ou the Boston team, especially as an-
other catcher inust be signedto fill the late
Martin Bergen’s place.

Cuban X Giants Win a Close Game From
the Havanas.

Havana, Feb. 26.—The baseball! game yester-
day at Almendares resulted ig. victory for the
Cuban X GinptS overthe Havanas, The game

was hotly contested and up to the last inning
the score waa in favor of the Havanas. The
Giants in their last turn atthe bat pounded the
bali fortwo runs, which placed them one ran
ahead oftheir apponents. The latter were un-
abieto overcome this advantage. The seore
wastitos The attendance was good, and the
game the closest and best plaved on that dia-
mond this season,

Enseball Notes.

Ata immeeting of the Tompkins A.C. of Brooklyn
ridep thursday evening, Williamid, Welle, Jr, and
Frnest Block were elected rasnager and captain re
spectively, The club desires to arrange games with
outof-town clubs ofert iitable guaracteos. Ad
dress Williamd, Wells J 207 Broids Yow York
claba washing to book games

All tirat-class baae ball
with the Borough Park F.C. at Borongh Park should

 

   
  
 

      

make application atonce, Seheduale is open from
April 28to S pt 2 Saturday an) holiday games
' A reasonable guarinte wiven te visting

c ¢
teams Adipose C. Herbert Hicbardson, 32 Nassau
wreet, New Yor

Chess,

The final round of the intereoilegiate tour-
nament between fourstudents each from the
College of the City of New York and the Stev-
ens Inatitute of Hoboken was played at the

Manhattan Chess Clab vesterday afternoon,
Stevens Winning the tournament bv LO games
tot. Owing tothe absence ot J, C. Porey, the
Hoboken men hat to play a substitute, H
Raphel, on the fourth bourd. The patring was

4s Oo. iOWSs

 

Wilkins Jr, CoC, NOY. ve. Buerger; Lagerwall,
ce. ee ee st vines, Horword, Stevens, ve Li

i man. and Haphel, Stevens, ve Barshell,
While a Queen's Gambit Declined wasopened
first board, and @ Sretian Pefonees was

to be held on Mareh 50 at Bayonne, The |

Cricket f imittee forthe year will be eom-.
posed of Jaiges D, Boyd, ehairman: Alexander
Lorbes, FL bk. Kelly, Seeretary, and the eqn.
ta psofteame Anand Behen chose Messrs,
Boyd, I ye tut ‘ly were also appointad
devegates! politan District Crtetet
Dartibet der sWere preventedto J. FP,
Curran and Pb, Kelly, who won the batting
and bowling nveruges on the tour mai
through Canada during the past season

e has been wih Haverford

 

BETAne se

ue. tobles ed at Haverford on June 2
and itis likely that a return game will take
previeus to the collegins

place at Bayonne,
“atl for Foglan ton their tour of the British
puble sehools Aneffort was also mate to se

reagame with Hor n th itter’s re.

 

 

    

 

  

turn from the inte: eres at Phiia-
delplia, bit ive of the univer
ty was refused
tushetball Sore
s A. tea e
te oisht ina ' ‘ i
1 I ‘ |
onw ‘ tj (there
rt “u players, baton rhieioss patio @
{ wa . snus t th nn rWaligt t
“ p the giant goart, tl n by a
oreo! 22tolé [ya prelimine ethe D A, ¢
ie W ighte deteatad the A vv Liebe’
y te of 22 tt © 5 “ TT
home gymes is: "Regubars ‘ i Jost

 

“Lightweights, bome aud away, wou, 37; lost, 2.

lectedastheattack on the seeond and third
t ds Hlotfman and Horwood drew an
bev nly contested game alter twenty-ilve move.
Hocrger won a bishop in the end mame an | the
i after twenty-four moves serwi

 

on the }
payed on the lastone, the Ruy Lopez was se

 

  
 

caught a bishop of Stevens's in the opening

  

butcouel only draw after siaty-nipne moves
hut aod Darshell drew. after thirty-eight
ves, ‘The latter was minus the exchange
huthad a pawn to the good The record fol
hiwn
v ' Ct WwW, /
I vl ‘ ) Firat 4
n r 1 sen | '
! » te t 4 '
I ~ ! ‘eo Ie , bo ! 2
' Ww Cirand tena 1
na es Wer
‘ / ; \ "
bo erg $o ‘ |agerwall thy ty |
Brive y Ie | Houme lig
bor wig the Kareholl ' 1
Horwood vDig 2 | Wilkinson, drt
Potala a +e " Total “19

: In 1808 the college mon won by Us games to
24 and lust year by O games lo &

a
=

SUN, SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.

WILDCAT LOOSE IN GARDEN }

LASSOE) AFTER SOME EXCITING
MOMENTS AT SPORTSMEN'S SHOW,

 

  

 

The Exhibition Attracts Another Large
Crowd—Lone Stars Win the Boat Club
Water Polo Championship—Wenck Fam-
lly of Swimmers Keeps Up Ite Reputation

The realism which js a studied feature of the
Sportsmen's Show at Madison Square Garden
was carried to an unexpected degree yester-
cay afternoon, when a wild cat hunt, not in-
cluded in the outlined programine of sport, en-
livened the proceedings for nearly three hours.
The animal was being transferred from his
travelling erate to the wire cage, which is des-
tined as his home for tho next two weeks, when
he madea dash for liberty, The crowd seat-
terad and the eat had an open fleld to the gal-
lery, There he bid for awhile, until disoov-
ered creeping along underneath the jeeboat
Harold by a woman who shrieked “rate” and
took fright.

The eat appeared almost as frightened asthe
woman in his strange surroundings and crept
rapidly along until he took to cover under the
steps leading to the second gallery, By this
time tho keepers were hot on his trail and ho
was pennedin by a boarl. Ropes with run-
ning nooses were brought into use, and while
one manearrieda bleyele lamp another made
an effort to reach the escaped animal,

Vernier de Guise, who bas charge of tho
feathered game exhibits, guarded the entrance
and soothed the inquiring spectators by stat-
ing that it was on'y uw tom cat that was causing
allthe rumpus, It was nearly © o'clock before
Keeper McDonald ran the quarry to earth and
drawing the noose tight, brought him back to
the cage.

Those who were not engage! watehing the
work of the vat catchers found plenty to amuse
them in the skirmishes that took place be-
tween the big buffalo and the other occupants
of game park. The buffalo was almost sur-
rounded by antlered animals separated only by
wire fences. The engagement began when
the red deer, who bas ope long antler, anda
fraction of another, made a frontal attack on
the buffalo, Who was lounging close to the di-
viding wire) This was followed by a flank
movement made bythe elk on the right and
wheu the big beast sought peace on the other
side of his quarters he was the victim of a
turning movement carried out with success by
another big buck with spreadiug antlers,
‘Inaily the buffalo retreated and dashing
againet the wire at the back gave a frightto
the spectators who had closed In to get a good
view of the fun ;
Arthur Hollen of Newark gave exhibitions
of fancy diving, but the management has
wiselytaken precautions to prevent a recur-
reuee of the fatality which happened last year
when Donaldson dived from the roof girders
intothetank and fractured his skull, Hol-
den’s efforts Were niade froma structure about
twenty feet high, and though not so thrilling
asthe dives Just year were pretty and ellect-
ive, including some we'll executed doubie
somersaults, During the exlibitions inthe
afternoon Charies Holroyd, instructor | of
swimming at Columbia University, dressed in
street clothes, fel! into the tank Before the
spectators were aware that it was part of the
show George Kisler, instructor of the Univers-
ity of Pennsylvania, also in ordinary attire,
pushed his way through the crowd and leap-
ing in, saved the man who was apparently
frowning The two men then undressed in
the water and performed a nuinber of clever
and amnaing feats, assisted by Pro! Enoch of
Atlant: City, Known as the “Human Fish,’

kh. O. Heikes, who led in the trap shooting on
the opening day, held his own vesterday. Ha
equalied his seore of ¥6 in the assoe¢iation
championship, and aftera tie with Blandford
in the continuous mateh, won the shoot-off by
smashing bis test target, The scores were:

Association Championship- RO. Heikes, 05; W,
K. Crosler. v4; Eb. Fulford, #1; Johnston, vo; J
Kike, su, liacy Phil Daly, Jr. 58, KO Fanning,
KK. Wood, AS yy, 8R, Pierey, 81; Van Al
#O. UW. Kidd landford, 7%, 1, H. Keller,
EK. 8. Leutilhon, Will Park, 786, O. W. Van, 74;
Hegeman, 7%, J, Broyere, 71; Murphy, 48, Saunders,
67.

Continuous Mateb—R, O. heikes, 28; Blandford,
2s; Panning, 26. C, W Budd, 24, “La Roy,’ 20;
Piercy, i7; K PD, Polford, 15, W. RK. Crosby, 14, Van
Allen, #. Keller, 4, Dr. Knowlton, 5.

There wasa lor@e crow! presentin the even-
ing to witness the water rolo game between

 

 

    

    

the Atalanta and Tone Star Boat clubs. The
Jatter received the award of the boat club
championship by default, as the Atalantas
were ooe man short and had to play I’

Reilly of the K. A.C. Thestruggle was just as
keen as though the title was at stake and the
tackling hardejoughattimes to verge on foul

 

jay, &. G. Herne reached the ball first
forthe Lone Stars and after @ pass back the
forwards took it down the tank by good tes

 

work. Acombined attack on the Atalanta goal
resulted in Sterne scoring afte: 1 minute
144-5 aeconds During the remainder of the
half the ball changed hands frequently, but
the alertness of the goalkeepers prevented
further scoring. With ove goal to thelr credit
the Lone Stars adopted waiting tactics in the
second halfand won by one goal to nothing

The acquatic events were noticeable tor tha
© ontol unotherof the noted swinming family |
of Weack. Fmil,a@ brother to Fred Wenek, the
A.A U. champion, winning the fifty-vard race
for schoolboys. P. B, MeKeown, the winner of
the tut race, broke the best previous record by
five seconds, Summary:

f0-Yard Swim for Public Schoo! Boys—Final heat
won by Fmil Wenck, dr. School to, FL. Solomon
Mixed High Schoo), second: George Siebert, Sehool
#1, third. Time, 41 seconds
So Vard Tub Race-—-Final heat won P. B. Me Keown,

 

 

 

K A.C. D Reuss, KO A C.. second, W. D. Lyon, N,
Y.A.C., third, Time 2-5 seconds

BR. Gute of Middle Village won the continuous
rifle match, making scores of 71 and 70, Exe
perts were also busy with the revolver. The
sanres:

Any Revolver~Alex, Stein, 47, 46,44; L. Pierey,
43, 42, 4m,

Piatol-—J. B. Crabtree, Massachusetts, 47, @5, 44;
Dr. i. HW. Sayre, New York, 45, 44, 42,

Police Revolver—Alex, Stetn, 45, 44, 42,

NEWS OF THK WHEELMEN,

Opposition Proposed to Making the New
Richmond County Bonlevard a Speedway,

Riehmond county fs now being agitated in
ainild way concerning whether or not there
sha!! be a speedway made of (he new Southfleld
Boulevard, The proposition comes from the
riders and drivers of Richmond and it has been
reported that they regard the idea favorably.
The new boulevard is one upon which there
has been set “much store” by the riding and
driving public, Tt runs parallel almost to the
Amboy road and connects with it by many
cross roads, Jt begins near the shore and
its terminus connects with the Amboy
road at New Dorp The entire boulevard
is between six and seven miles in length.
The boulevard was provided for just. prior
to the passage of the Greater New York bill,
What the horsemen ask for is the conversion of
the boulevard into a Bp dway between the
hours of 3 and 7 o'clock in the evening,
Local Consuls Ciark and Ackerly and Uhte of
the L. ALW. Were considering yesterday the
matter of oppowing the ilea. The trouble js
thatthe League of American Wheelmen does
not want to oppose anything that che horse-
men want unless it is necessary, but in this
instance, seeording to Consul Clark, the
road is too nerrow, being only seventeen feet
wide, to permit of below used as 4 speedway,
The road as planned should be 100 feet wide,

 

 

 

buronty seventeen feet of ite width is macada-
mized. If this is given over to the owners
of fast horses during the most popular hours of
the afternoon, it would of necessity crowd off
the pleasure drivers and the evelists, at least
that is what is thought by Loeal Consul
Cark. who is an old-tune resident of Staten
Isiand. The new bou lobes up shorter

vara
routes to South Peach and Midland Beach for
everyone, [tia conceded vy the League load.
ers that a spoodway for drivers is needed on
Mtaten [sland, yet it Is proposed to oppose the
motion forthis one on the ground that the
borouch authorities have not the legal right to
make the vestrichons required, The hearing
on the question walle! next Tuesday,

Col George Pope, Vi President of the A.B

   
      

 

  
  
 

 

  

Co in discussing bieveles and antomobiles says:
"Whar would be an exeedeut road for the
actomobie might easly present jusarmoune-
able diMealtics tou bieyelist. Ordinary rough.
nasa, such as that found in cobblestone streets,
orthe beter form of corduroy roads, does not
interfere With the rutaing of the automobile
or produce any degree unfort to the
riders, ‘I heey is everyboly knows, re
quires macadam or asphait, while the auto. |
mobile does very we 1” Belgian bloex
pavement What the eve usta oF this country
wart isa weneral spreading of the stdenath
t is betng earried on in’ this

movement as
Stat

 

 

 

   

i have been looking up the sidepath move
ment rece and | toc that cyclists are tak-
Png heaved thusastioally, The small tax
that is placed upon them does noe aet asa
drawback because, by the term of the lags.
Jation, they receive twofold the banentot every
dollar th nvest. What we wane is sidepaths
everywhere throughout the United States,
anil teve they ean be bad if eyelists go at it
nthe right way”

Hockey,
é vas plavel at the ¢ ‘

Stacne Ruan Brows » bast sight
t . wo AL \ “

_ vaval Hatta Afier an
pla tr score renained Al } wehouy 4
B cur Batiaiion, 3

Pitts i, Maroh 2.—The New ¥ A.C ahovs
teain defeated the Vittaburg A. Cos tem she by
a re of i} to! fh: wan fa4sthe roughest ever

    

luved here, but the New Yorkers were aot the ay:

ee eh ached

 

BOWLING,

The last ball ha@ been rolled in this season's
Aimericay Nattonal tournament, the South Paws de
feating the Empires in tie final game, rolled last
night, which decided the tie for the eighth prize.
The Corinthians win the first prize; Monarch, sec

ond; Germania, third; F.delia, fourth, Metropol
tan, Afth, Orchard, sixth, Spartan, seveuth; Sout
Paw, eighth, and Empires, vinth Presentation o

prizes will take place on next Friday night, Last
night's scores follow:
Empire—Howell, 15; Potts, 192; Williamson,

172, Wyman, 174; Linden, 177. Total, 420,
south Paw-Martin, 13%, Medicus. 157, Rendell,
136, Lodge, 225; Biersobenk, 175. Total, 42u

The gaines in the North side tournament at Stein's
alloys on Thursday nigat resulted as follows
ViROT GAME.
Auld Clootie- Wood, 14); Kapp. 53, W. Engel-
king, 170, Weinsper, 159; ©. Engelking, 200. Total,

FL0.
Gerard—Curtis, 152; Martin, 144,
‘fotal, 870.

McDowell, 210, Stein, 1428,
SECOND GAME,
Knickerbocker —Loeher, 154; Vieser, 164. Snyder,

Brown, 176;

174, La Forest, 152, Meyer, 218. Total, 37.
Melrose—Werner, laa, & Buling. 140, Fleisher,
122; Doyle, 172; Hutching, 144. ‘otal, 72

FHIND GAMR,
Pelipse—Brill, 180, Leigh, 142; Doelle, 109;

Throw, 137, Stab, iss, Toul, 446
MelroseWerner, 374; Schilling, 147; Fleisher,
181. Doyle, 150; Hntehtuw, 144, Total, 745

The Hudson Clab bowlers made the best showing
in the United Plattdentache Clubs tournament games
at the Arcude alleys last night, The ecores

FINS? GAME.

 

Hudson—@fchwiebert, 177; F. AH. Gordes, 137;
Burfeind, 144; Hoitermann, 124; J) Cordes, 187;
Wilkens, 178; C, Cordes, 14%, Ludemann, lau

‘Total, 1,146
SECOND GAME,
Pacelsior—Schmultz, 168; Sclinackenberg, 155;
Cook, 164; Offermann, 107; Lubke, 154; Hesse, 141;
Juuge, 12, Lange, #0, Total, 1,084,
nest two of the Columbia tournament
games eduled to be played last night were post-
poned, Lhe score
Oriental—Mitebell,
133, Total, 482
Bunch—Fevley, 14%; Mahoney, 192; KR, Coleman,
lui. Total, 54u

With only one more series to be played by each of
the leading toame the New York A. ©. and Rose-
ville A. A. bowlers are pow tied for first place in the
Athletic League, the mereury-foot players winning
allthree games played atthe Columbia Club alleys
on Thursday night. The scores;

FIRST GAME

New York A, ©,~—Breen, Is2; Armstrong,
Booth, 142; Kiingelhoffer, 190; Arnold, 195

By re

  

184; Dent, 160, Rothermel,

145;
Tetal,

a7?
Colminbia Club—Jaeger, 175, Willin, 188; Geils,
200; Kimball, 154; Huesman, 147, Total, 414,

BECOND GAME

New York A. C.—Breen, 14; Armetrong 116;

Booth, 174; Klingelhotfer, 200; Arnold, 142 Tota,
Ben

Columbia Club—Jaeger, 151, Willin, dwt, Geils,
164; Kimball, 175; Hueeman, 120, Total, 7H4.

THIRD GAME

New York A, C.—Breen, 188; Armstrong, 146;
Booth, 190; Rlingelhoffer, 177; Arnold, 160, Total,
sel
» Columbia Club-—Jdeewer, 157, Willin, 187. Geils,

147, Kimball, 146%, Huesman, 164, Total, 768

An interesting series of games, in which the three
competing clubs divided the honors evenly, was
viaged last nightin the fast New York tournament
he scores}

FIRST GAM.

Atlantic—Doerzaph, 144; Hameke, 154; Laux,
24. Golfrey, 140; Langeuberg, 158, Total, 724,
Olympia—Davis, 148, Lohman, 148, Ridderhotf,
140; J. Skidmore, 167; Gunderman, 148, Total,
751

  

BKCOND GAME,

Atlantic--Doervaph, 134; Hameke, 122, Laux, 188;
Godfrey, 145, Lanwenberg. 11. Total, To
Piukea—Suyoam vs, Bebensee, 156. Jantzen,
141, Fsquirol, 147; Aberle, 202. Lotal, 778,
THIRD GAMP.
167; Bebensee, 120; Esquirol,
Alwrle, 160. Total, $20.
17, Lehman, 158, Ridderhoff,
Guoderman, 160, Total, 797.

 
    

Flukes—Jantzen,
201; Buydain, i172,

Olympia Davis,
128; J, Skidmore, 107;

The resnits in the Archdiocesan Union League
canes last might were aa follows

FIRST GAMF,

Columbus Team 2— Kelly, 150, Slevin, #
111. Marris, 172; Daly, 141, Total, 678

St. Monica Team 2-—-O' Connor, 121; Creedon, 128;
Dwyer, 118; Daly, 181. Total, 4¥5

SROORD GAME

Smith,

Spalding Team 2—J, McAdam, 127; J. Powers, 108;
Bhannon, 115; Clancy,
6

4; Markey, 154. Total,
ah

Harlein Catholio Club—-O'Connor, 106; Flannigan,
125, O Connell, 158, Carney, 110; P. Wallace, 144.
Total, 440,

    

THIAD GAME,
Spalding Team 2—-McAdam, 143; J, Powers, 124;
Moran, Ii; Olaney, 150, Markey, 164. Total, 657.
St. Monica Team 1-Flannigan, 158, Connell, 111;
Connelly, 168; Roach, 141, Gonoud, 146, Total,
724

 

The closing games of the week in the Arlington
League played last night resulted as follows,

FIRST GAM

Manehatta ~ Zimmerman. 157; Johannes. 182
White, 160; Wiltse, 120; Daly, 128; Steinmetz, 145;
Witt, 141. Te'al, 10038

lwentieth Cunturv- Rutbenberg, 128; De Bold,
14; French, «0; La Dage, 17%; Oehse, 120; Glebel-
house, 124; Arpuid, 123, Total, ¥05

BECOND GAMP,

Manahatta—Zimmerman, 187, Johannes,
White, 121; Wiltse. 112, Daly, 185; >teinimeta,
Witt, 148, Total, 485

twentieth Century—Armold, 154: (Giebelbouse,
154, Freneh, 155, La Daye. 118; Ocbse, 122; De
Bold, 145, Ruthenberg, 144. Total, 074,

102;
110;

The two Reilly teams hid «a hard tusele for en-

 

premacy in the Bay Ridge tournament last night,
the No, Ll winning out by a margin of # points) The
scores
FIRST GAME.
Reilly Club 2-Messing, 152; Rohra, 140; Weber,
140; Wiebl 156; Johbusou, 197, Total, sof
st, Michael'e—-Meagher, 128, Furey. 171, Colby,
185; Cox, 4, Tota), S20.
BECOND G\ME,
Bt. Michaels—Meagher, 148, Furey, 107; Colby,
16, Cox, 120, Total, 623,
Reilly Club 1—M. Koch, 185; Greenwald, 155;

Molinens, 17%, Waldron, 193. Bachrach, 187. Total,
Buy,
THIRD GAME,

Reilly Club 1—M. Koch, 148; Greenwald, 208;
Molineux, 131; Waldron, 145, Bachrach, 212, Total,
a8

Reilly Club 2—Messing, 184; Rohrs, 158: Weber,
171, Wieh!, 178; Johneon, 15). Total, 880,

 

Althonzh the Glenmores pitted their strongest
five acwinst the Manhattans in the Brooklyn
Twouty siath ward tournament last night, they were
veaten haudily, and the Manbattans are pow in line
for one of the first three prizes. The scores

FIRST GAMF,
Camite, 168; Paul Haller, 148, Batch,
Bauer, 155, Total, Tsu,
113, Campbell, 15;
Steelman, 115, Total,

Manhattan
lic; George Haller, 147;
Glenmore~ Chamberlain,
Borcher, 183; Doerzaph, 107;

657.
SECOND GAME
Manpattan—Camite, 170; Paul Haller, 147; Batch,
170; George Haller, 216: Bauer, 172 Total, 872
Glenmore—Chamberiain, 174; 131;
Borcher, 177; Doerzaph, 120; 175.
Total, 777.

A postponed series i the Harlem Navy Leagne
tournament at Thum & Kahisdorf’s alleys last
night resulted as follows

FINST GAME,

Metropolitan—Chickri, wl; H. Keiser, 102; Clan-
man, 104; KB. Keiser, 06; Tulloeh, 20 (six frames),
Total, 420

 

 

‘ampbell,
Steelman,

Wreanoke R. Maher, 168; Steinman, 168; B,
Maher, 157, Waguer, 181; McGuire, 201. Total,
547,

REOOND GAME.

Metropolitan—Chickri, 117, Johnson, 95! Clau-
man, J04, BE. Keiser, 185; Tulloch, 1, Total,
642

Harlem J. Nagle, 16%, Pilkington, 112; G, Nagle,
201, Moore, 284; Olsson, rvs, Total, #18,

THIRD GAME,

Maher, 18%; — Steinman,

183; B,
Wagner, 103, McGuire, 183,

Total,

Wyanoke-R
Maver, 164,
mar,
Harlem —J, Nagle, 1v0, Pilkington, 184; G. Nagle,
157; Moore, 184; Olason, 170, Total, #37

\fter being defeated in the Orat game in the
United Rowl!ng Clubs’ Section | tonrnament series
last night the Hosedales carricd off the next contest
by 1HO pins, The scores

FIneT GAMRe

Meyer, 158; EKismann, 180; Ohria-

 

  

Doppel Riche

 

 

topher, lus, Deviled, 112; Truelsen, 20, Total,
asi,

jtowedale-—-Bollmer, 144; Tadman, 143; Gieschen,
in, Kessler, 104, A. Slevers, 185, Total! 724,

SFCOND GAME

Ros date PBellmar, 19; Tadman, 182, Gieschen,
202, Kessler, 167, A. Sievers, 201, Total, w2t,

Grove Hill-Voigt, 218; Niehl, 141; Botts, 201:

Bofiel, 121, Fekstein, 180, Total, 761,

 

THIRD GaMF,

Doppel Kicho Meyer, 161, Fismann, 162; Chris
topher, 198: Dettloif, 126; Trueleen, 167 Total,
iAt

Grove Hill -Votgt, 188; Riehl, 118; Potts, 148;
Beftel, 157; Kelstein, 188, Total, 706

Templeton and Adelphi teams passed the poo |

  

nork inthe Kings cour tournament last nignt.
The wore |
PURST GaMer
Vdelpht Farrington, 185, Gaynor, 160; Kruse
72, G. Wilduis, 224, Apderson, 167. Total, vOu, |
Don't Know -F rfeited
SECOND Oamy |
Don't Know -Forfeited }
‘TVempleton--Auer, 170, F, Herberger, lus; Wirth
164, G. Herberger. 202; Lelstor, 16u, Total, 970
THIRD cave
Templeton Auer, 222; PF. Herberger, 10a. Wirth
154, (, Herberzer, 170. Leister, 1H2) ‘Total, it
\iciphi=Parringtou, JS), Gavan Yr, 202 Krnsa, |
di, Geo, Willtams, 12) Anderson, 171 tal, wal
ihe Washington Erving juintet spranga pris
inthe B In Koval Arcanum tourn t last
might, by beating Gilbert and Burnende nol
The scor
Wek Gan
Burnside Coun ~Fink 175, Brown. 14 ne
10, Barker o50, Planmcan tay. retad oa
Weeuligton leving Covnet—Thenringer 140. |
Campbell, 183; Waterbiry, jan Cortias 22
Glondenning, 187, Total, 77,
SF OND OaMe,
Burnside Council—Fink, 144. Brown, toes Powel
144, Barker, ban: Flapagan, bag) Total. 717
Giibert Counct]—Thomas Anderson, Jr. 144; Fab

| K

vd 4 C Tres

ENO’S ‘FR

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Tewporary Congestion
arising from Alcoholic Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn,

Sourness of the Stomach, Const

Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, &Fevers of all kinds.

TESTIMON'AL,
of scarlet fever, pywmia, erysipelas, mea
mentionable disease, During this tims

this T attribute to the use of Eno’s ' Fruit Salt,’ which has kept my blood in a
I recommend it to all my patients durin

pure state.
value as a means of health cannot
Nersp (Qualitied)

THE EFFECT oF ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT’ On A DISORDERED, SLEEPLESS, ano FEVERISH CONDITION
IT 18, IN FACT, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, Ano An UNSURPASSED ONE.

CAUTION, — See capsule marked EWO's ‘ FRUIT SALT." Without it, you havea WORTHLESS IMITATION,
\y J.C ENO, Ltd. ‘FRUIT SALT’ WORKS, LONDON, ENG., by J. C. ENO'B Patent,

18 SIMPLY MARVELLOUS.

Prepared ony

Who f Messra BE FOUGBRA & CO, 2

eanle

    

ler, 14; Hager, 177; Bierds, 171; Van Tassell, 18%,

Total, 853,
THIRD GAME,
Gilbert Council Thomas Anderson, Jr. 148, Ful-
ler, 140; Hager, 145, Blerds, 254; Vau Tassell, 177

Tota), 751
Washinuton
Campbeil, iso
Glendenning. 174

 

(Irving Conuneil
Wate; bury,
Total, 780.

Theurinver, 1
las Cordvau, 2

The Monav he disposed of two atrong teams in the
Carruthers National tournament of Brooklyn last

 

 

  

 

       

nivh’?, The scores
vier Gamer
Coripthiun -Baker, t71; Wallace, 142, Niles, 179;
Ho den, Las, selaefer, 150. Total, 7s
Monarch =Krominga, 142: Walters, 188) J, Boomer
mann, Jr, 200; Keppicr, 164, HH. Maasea, bu, Total,
wod
BROOND GAME
Beoho—Sellers, 150, BR. Lounsher 141; MeNeil,
17%, Bannister, ss) Welle, 170. Total, 927,
Corinthbine Baker, Psu Wallace, ino; Niles, 16;
Holden, 206; sehaeter 157. Total, bs
THIRD GAME,
KEcho—Sellers, 145. I bery, 141, MeNeil, 216;
Bannister, 17, Wells, Fotal. &2]
Mopvarch—-Krominga, 157, Walters, 150; Boemer-
aan, dr, 184, Keppler, 150; Ho Maass, 185. Total,
bau ‘
The Olympias wou two games in the Brooklyn
Germania totiruament ‘ast might. The scores;
Pinel GAME
Standard Luise, 147; Hartman, 180; Ports, 184;
Soerb, 184: Baseh. 185. Total 701
Olympia- Buttner, 174, Erdman, 104; Hergert,
14%, Behnepp, 1 He gl, Total, sth,
RECOND GAME
Btandard—Liiise, 140; Hartinan, 16%; Porta, 178;
Soerb 1.4. Busch, 177 Mal Std
Kivoer Bernet, 194. Steaminoger, itd: G. Dorr,
182, Mathias, 1s4; Karine IsO, Total, san,
THIRD GAME
Klober—Bernet, IXt; Steininger 341, G. Dorr,
1til, Mathias, 14: Kamins y, 176. Tot 1, #2
Oli t—Bittner, 1 rdmann, 168, Hergert, |
lea huepp, bul, uf feo botal, 850.
Honors were even inthe North Sid: League series

   

at Pimps alleys last night. The seores
' s1 “Eb
tere ~ Hotaling } Newkirk, 147; Hunken,
kwood, 12; Heiles. 174. Total, 04%
q is Wheeliien S lwayer, is /Mipsoly 1a
ll, IS9; Gibson, n4, MacbDonal Isl, Total,

 

     

RECOND GAME
Morris Wheelmen—S bwazer, 177, Tompson, 158;
O'Neil, 175, Gibson, 138, MacDonald, toy, Total
$17
Swiss American —Sehimudt 142 Berne! 185;
Schoch, 158, Di Bois, ue, Luts, 167, Total, 775,
THIRD GAME
Belvidere —Hotaling, 104; Newkirk, 158; Hunken,
107; Lockwood 147; Heils, 146 Total, 492,
Swiss-Amerioan -Selhm dt lus Vernet, 166;
Schoch, Ii), DuBois, div: Lutz, oe, Total, 888,
‘The Washingtons won two gaues by 12 and 18 |
pis respectively tu the Nationel Leagne tournament
at Starreatioys last uht. The res
Kiverdals~ Zollinger, tov 169%. Monahan,
162) Brodbeck, 220, BE Foling., 154. Total, 878
Phenis—Pearse. 210, Holrath, 100, Lawrence,
17y; Young, 180. Clute, 10" Total, 765
RFOCOND GAM
Ph vnix~ Pearse, 1°9, Bolrath, 12%; Lawrenee,142;
Young, 158, Clute, 186. Total, 760,
Wrehington—J. Zenn, 198: Prosnitz 188; Schiff,
185; A. sbiman, 148; D, Shiinan, 174. Total, 742,
PHIRD GAME,

Riverdaly Zollinger. 161; Merien, 168; Monahan,
181: Brodbeck, 140. KB. Eblinw, t71. Total, x20
Washingtou—J. Zenn, 168. Prosnitz, 154: Schiff,
187, A. Shiman, 105; D. Shiman, 165, Total, 851

Bowling Games To-night.

Wholesale Drug Trade Association Alleys 1 and
2—-Dodee & Olcott Seabury & Johnson and
Merk & Co. Alleys 8 and 4—Koessler & Hasa-
lachber Chemical Company, Colsate & ©», and Gen
era) Cheimienl ¢ pany, at Reid's alleys

Fire lusurance
wania, at Red's a
Bank Clerks Leog
Bank, Chemical Natio
at Reid's alloys
Litho Artist-Wilson and Restle, Miller and Rust
and Hartman and ( rler, a’ » Arcade alleys
Carmothers Natonel Imperial

Leavue-Niawara, Home and Ger-

 

 

American Fxchane National
) Bankand Kountze Brothers,

    

   
 

and

M. tropolitan, at the Blephant Clnb alleys

wont Ward Star vs Eceentrc, at Umia's
allers

Haas Individual—Hauley va, Kennel, Clark ve

Klatire. Puesse) vs. Kennel, at Roth's Hall alleys

“Poly Prep’? Wins Team and Marston Indi-
vidual Skating Honors,

“Poly Prep’ School carried off the team hon-
ors inthe third annual skating ehampionship
of the Long Island 1. A L., the final heats of
which were decided last night at the Clermont
avenne rink, Richard Marston of the Brooklyn
Latin Schoo! was the bright particular star of
the meet, annexing three championships and
holding up his school end so well that it fin-
ished second, Summaries follow:

One Furlong, Junior—Final heat won by C, W,
Howard, “Poly Prep’; ©. Minton, “Poly Prep",
second, George Bissell, St. Paul's third. Time,

22 1-H seconds

One Furlong, Senior
ton: C, W. Howard, second: FL Herresho
Jatin, third, Time 32-5 seconda,

Quarter-Mile, Senior—Pinal heat won by Richard
Marston Brooklyn Latin; F, Werreshoff, secon’; C,
W. Howard, third, Time, 48 seconds,

Halt Mile Chanipiouship— Final heat won by Rich-
ard Maiston; Georwe Bissell, second: H, R. Rar

Final heat won o O, Min-
‘

ooklyn

 

  

dolph, “Poly Prep,” third Time, 1 minute 28
seconds

One-Mile Championship-Won by Richard Mars.
ton: HL, Randolph, second, J. W, O'Connor, 8&t.

Paul's, third Time, 8 minutes 37 1-5 seconds,

The points scored by each competitor were:
Marston, 15; Howard, {; Minton, &: Herrese
holt, 4; Bissell, 4; Randolph. 4; 0% onnor, J,
The team _ points were “Poly Prep,” 21;
Brooklyn Latin, 14); Cathedral Sehool of St,
Paul's, 5

Columbia's Team Defeats Vale at Gym-

nastics,

The Columbia- Yale gymnastic exhibition in
the Columbia gymnasium last night was won
by the local team by a score of 31 points to 23
Columbia was victorious in four events out of
six. The judges were Robert Stoli, 7. Funk, C,
Arnold, G. Seike! and H. J. Koehler. In a
feneing exhibition with the Cornell team the

Columbia representatives were defeated by a
score of 5 boutato4, Summary;
FENCING,

Knipe, Cornell, beat
mad bout, G -&
Viles, Cornell
beat F. A
Mille

First bout, N. L
Mille, Columbia; sec
Columiia, beat GB
L. Ware, Columbia
fourth bout, Vilos beat De fifth bout, Knipe
beat Ware sixth bout, Wieland beat Lawrence;
seventh bout, Wieland beat De Mille: eighth bout,
Lawrence beat Knipe; ninth bout, Ware beat Viles,

GYMNASTICS,
Horizontal bara, won by FE. Flliason, Yale; parallel

W. Cc, De
Lawrence,
third bout,
Wielant, Cornell,

 

    

bars, wou by W. W. Whipple, Yale, fving rings, won
by D.G. Young, Columbia; club awinwing, won by
WE. Mitchell; atde horse, won by FB. Ward, Colnm-

bia, tumbling, won by G. L. Wheeler, Colu:nbia,

Swimmer Schaeffer in Front Again,

Boeros, Marea 2.—E, C, Schaeffer of the N, YA
C. and University of Ponnsylvania ad led another A,

 

 

 

A. CU. swimming championship to his collection
thie evening, by Winning the 140-yard
event at the Sportsmans Show, Schneffer's
fifth victory came casier than any of the

reviotls races. After thy third lap in the final heat
zr began todrop his opponents, Weuck, Avery and
Keeder, and haten @ long lead that he finished
the lust lap swiroming on bis back Wenck showed
better form tonight thanin apy previous race and
beat out Avery for second place. Summary

1) Yards Swimming inal heat won br FE oC
Schaffer, N.Y. A.C; B.A. Wonck, N.Y. A.C. secs |

nd: BP. Avery, B.A, A. third, Time, 2 minutes
8 seconde

Kelay Swimming Race—Between teame from the

ickherbocker A C., Brookline 8. Cand Boston A

4, -Won by Boston A. A. Distance, $20 yards, Time,

tes $7 2% seconds

Giossip of the Ring,

There tea letter at this office for Kid Thoma
Lenox, N. ¥.—They metonce at the Breadwa
iny Mack, om behalf of Kid M Fallen

band hitting bantam from San Franeiweo, yest
posted #1.000to bind @ mateh with Terry M

15 pounds, Mekaddeo, whu is or i
has a great re ra :

Ac

the

 

 

|
rhe test between Gus
heony, Which wast
wav A ¢ ” March

Yank
fatthel
lared orf
part DoWever, tay Dave it out atthe Greenwood A
t

Ruhlin an
HAVE been docile .
9. has bean The
ina few weeks, This
overs A gnarantee of $7

has «

 
 

wanivatior ered tl
lommy Kyan has deposited #1000 19 Ho P

with Leo Meyer as the “Arat ley ali F t Springs
$8.64 whieh ho made recently. that Jack Root ean
not defeat bit, Stuart also handed Meyer $1,000,
The battle, which Day been arranued, Willi be £i.00 i |
at Coney Island thig summer aod will be at ae |

middleweight limit,

etre venta —— ee ee

EVERY HOUSEHOLD AND TRAVELLING TRUNK oucHT TO CowTAIN A BOTTLE oF

T have been @ nurse for ten yoars, and have nursed cases

 

: Augustin
Jatroet, Mra, Duff

5.000 to |

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  

UIT SALT’

ipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,

sles, gangrene, enncer, and alinost every
1 have not been ill for a single day, and

convalescence, Its
be overestimated.”—-A PRorrssionAL

6,28 & & North William Street, New York,

KENTUCKY'S DEMOCRATIC FEUD,
Two Sets of Delegates to Be Sent to the
Kanens City Convention.

Loursvinie, Ky, March 2—A_ well-knowg
anti-Goebel Democrat made a statement yess
terday which shows what the Brown elemen®
ofthe party intend todo. He said:

“We will have a delegation of straight Chie
cago platform delegates at the Kansas City
convention knocking at the door for ade
mission. We may not get in, but we will be
there, so that the Democrats of the nation map
learn the truth as to the Kentuoky situation.

“We have a regular party organization and@
complete precinct organization, The vote
polled by our ticket last fall makes usa party
under the law und fully entitied to & place om
the official ballot with all of the privileges
which the law allows a regulariy constituted
party. The vote of the last election shows thas
we are the balance of power in Kentucky an
it is generally admitted that thousands o|
Brown Deinocrats voted for Taylor. The onpos
sition to the machine is undoubtedly morg
provounced than ever before,

“The Haldeman State Convention will be
dominated by the crowd that elther openly ons
posed or knifed Bryan four years ago. It a
defend the theft of the State Government an
again {ndorse the Goebel Election law and the
whole Goebel programme, The real Demoe
crats Will have a convention morouenl repras
seutative of the best of Kentucky's Democracy,
This convention will denounce the theft of th
State Government and the disfranchisement o
the people of the Commonwea'th, demand an
honest election law and elect delegates to the
Kansas City convention who are known to be
loyal to every principle of Democracy.”

|
le STORRS

t
|

ON BEECHER,

Honored His Estimate of Christ; Disagreed
With Some of His Opinions,

The Rev, Dr, R. 8 Storrs, the venerable
| pastor emeritus of the Church of the Pilgrims
in Brooklyn, has made this statement in refers
ence tothe acceptance by Plymouth Church of
the invitation to join with the Church of the
| Pilgrims and other churches on the Heights ia
the union Lenten meetings
“When the proposition was made that Plye
mouth Church be invited to join I mostcheere

fully assented, I havea high opinion of Dr,
| Hillis and have learned to love him, Therea

| many members of Plymouth Chureh whom

Jove and Lexpect many will attend the meete

Ings
“Lhad hoped to be able to attend and liste

| to Dr. Hillis, but cold and the wet weather wi

| not permit my doing ao. When a reporter saw

} is with regard to the utterances of Broughto!

} that Mr. Beecher bad torn down the walls o
Christianity in Brooklynand that his teaching
had done great harm, [ denied it expressly and

| emphativaliy, and T deny it now, T disagree

| with Mr. Beecher in some of his opinions, but
his estimate of Christ, whom he magnified and

| earnestly tanght to be the Mediator betwee:

| God and man and the Redeemer of the world,

' 1 honored. | repeat my denial of the states

| ment that Mr, Beecher ever taught that which

| wonld make jittle ot Christianity.”
Last night the Rev. Bb. H Byington the ase
sovlate pastor ofthe Chureh of the Pilgrims

}wasthe speaker at Plymouth Church, The
large lecture room was crowded and many

! members ofthe Church of the Pilgrims were
present as were also members of the Firat
Tresbyterian Chureh, the Second Presbye
terian Chureh and the Reformed Church og
the Heights.

 

LIABILITY OF SAVINGS BANKS

Presentation of Pass Books Does Not ta
All Cases Justify Payment of Deposits,

John Podmore, as administrator of Annie
Podwore, sued the South Brooklyn Savings
Tnstitution to recover a balance in the bank
which she had deposited in the name of Ana
Caldwell, The money had been pald by the
bank to Bridget Reilley, who presented tho
pass book and claimed that the balanee had
been given to her by the deceased to pay the
funeral expenses of Mrs. Podmore and retain
the rest for herself, The case was dismissed
at Trial term, but the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court has ordered a new trial on save
eral points. One of the points raised by the
bank was that it was justified, under its rule,
fn paying the money to the holder of the bank
book without inquiry. he rule rends

“Although the institution will endeavor te
prevent frauds and impositions, yet all pay
ments to persons producing the pass books
issued by It shall be valid payments to dise
charge the institution,”

The Appellate Division holds that this rule
only applies to payments made during the life
of the depositor, The rule, it says, was to
require Vigilance on the part of the depositor,
to prevent the fraudulent possession of his or

| her pass book, It saya it could not apply
where the depositor was no longer able te
guard the book,

 

No Report Vet by the Special Grand Jury,

There was no session of the special Grand
Jury yesterday. It had been anticipated thas
the jury would go into court yesterday to file
an indictment or presentment, but no such ace
tion was taken, So far the secrets of the jurye
room have been well guarded and there is no
intimation of what may be anticipated when
the Grand Jury makes ite report to the court,
The Supreme Court, criminal term, was In sege
sion fora short time yesterday, but as counsel
on both sides of the pending case wanted a
adjournment and as Deputy Attorney-Gener
Clarke had previously requested Justice Furse
man to continue the February term In order to

| permit the Grand Jury to examine more wite
nesses next week, court was adjourned until
Monday,

Newport to Appeal the Fish Tax Case,

Newport, R. I, Mareh 2.—A decision wag
given in the District Court to-day in the Stuye
vesant Fish tax case, Judgment had bees
withheld pending the drawing of an agraee
ment by opposing counsel for a basis of appea
Sucha atatement not yet being prepared, a
there being no prospect of it being prepared

he city to-day accepted the decision of Judge
Jaker in favor of Mr. Fish for $170 and will ag
onee make an appeal and ask a jury trial,

Tammany to Have a Clab in the Third,

The Tammany braves of the Third Assome
bly District have been without a club for sove
eral years, but at a meeting held yesterday
afternoon it was voted to organize one under
the charter of the old Monticello Club and to
reat the house at 40 Chariton street. The
Tammagy men_ subscribed $2,000 to furnisb
the building rom It Councilman P. J. Ryder
will direct the campaign this summer and fall

Negro Regular Confesses to Fatal Raid,

Ex Paso, Tex. March 2—-Corporal Powell,
| oneof tho seven negro regular soldiers cone
fined in the county jaltl here, charged with rald«
ing the city pollee station and murdering
| Policeman Stewart, has mate a full confession,
| fmplicating himself and eight of his comrades,
Otthe nine men, seven are in jail, one wa
| killed during the raid and the other is @ dee
serter and at large.

 

 

|

New Home tor City Nurses on Blackwell's
| Island,
|

Pians were filed with Building Commis.

) sioner Brady yesterday by Horgan & Slattery,

| arohitects, acting for the elty, for a two anda

halfatory brick home for city nurses on Blagk«

wells Island, opposite Seventieth street, It
| will cost $40,009,

 

 

Mre, John Duff Dead,

Mrs. Mary Daff, widow of the late John

| Dull, an old-time theatrical manager, died on

Thursday at the residence of her daughter,
Mra Daly, at 14 West Fiftieth
wae 7!) years old,

Rorses, Carriages, &e,
OUPE-ROCKAWAY; best city maker, port

‘ e. , ; beat city maker; ‘ect
/ der, will be sold at great sacrifies; secon

time, “Stable, 100 Wet Mousse eee

  

  
   
 
 
 

ere