a

 

a

 

\y

Ses Kun.

SATURDAY, MAKCIL 3, 1900,

oe

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid,

DAILY, per Month, ..... cee 0 50
DAILY, per Year...... 600
AUNDAY, per Year..... ° 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month 70

Postage to foreign countries added
Tur Sux, Now York City
Pants—Kiosque No, 22, near Grand Hotel, and
Biosque No, 10, Boulevard des Capncines

 

 

 

if our friends who fivor us with manuscripts for
publication with to have rejected articles returned, they
must is all cases send stampa Sor that purpose.

———

Puerto Rico.

The two million dollars President MCKIN-
Ley yesterday urged Congress to appro-
priate for the benefit of the people of
Puerto Rico, their government in all its
ramifications, was voted promptly by the
House of Representatives, The Senate
should have the bill ready for the President
to make it a law before he returns from
Now York.

In this sum of two millions, which the
President said in his message was collected
at the United States Custom Houses by
levying duties upon tmported products of
Puerto Rico, is all the precedent that can
be desired for the right of Congress to
maintain a tariff against the territory
which has passed into their possession
from Spain, It removes the most energetic-
ally upheld objection to the abolition of
all duties between the States and Puerto
Rico.

The act of Congress following the appro-
priation of these two millions in accordance
with the President's recommendation
should be to establish free trade with
Puerto Rico, That will enliven her indus-
tries so that the revenue necessary for her
government can be raised within her own
boundaries. And it will do what ought to
be done,

 

A Neutralized Lighthouse Service,

In the Diplomatie and Consular Appro-
priation bill now before Congress there
appears an item of expenditure for the
benefit of the world’s commerce:

“annual proportion of the expenses of Ca
Rpartel anit Tangiers light, on the coast of Morocco,
ipe!nding lose by exchange, three hundred apd
twenty-five dollars. .

This isa regular item, It represents our
share of cost of maintaining in Africa, at
the entrance to the Mediterranean, a light-
house service for the common good, We
are one of thesyndicate of maritime powers
which keeps Cape Sparte! light burning in
peace and in war

When Seeretary Hay read this item inthe
Diplomatic and Consular bill for the next
fiscal year, did it not suggest to his imagi-
nation and ambition another magnifleent
opportunity for altruistic statesmanship
such as is sure to make all Europe resound
with applause?

The Cape Spartel light is neutralized by
the guarantee of the Powers. In the same
epirit of international trusteeship, why
should not all the twelve-hundred light-
houses and lightships on our own coasts,
from Quoddy Head to Alligator Reef, from
the Tortugas to Brazos, from Point Loma
to Cape Flattery, and from Cherry Island
to the Apostles, be put under the super-
vision and safeguard of the whole civilized
world by a treaty of renunciation?

It is true that we have built and estab-
lished these beacons primarily for our own
advantage, and that the benefits derived by
the ecommerce of foreign countries are inei-
dental. It is true that the power to extin-
guish the lights temporarily, to remove
the whistling buoys and to silence the
resonant foghorns, isa more or lesa valu-
means of defenee against hostile
enterprise in case our ports or seacoast
settlements are threatened with attack by
an enemy. But is not this Government
“great and strong enough” now to walve
that consideration of self-interest in view of
the larger conception of national duty?

By engaging the Powers of Europe in a
joint guarantee of the neutrality of our
lighthouse system, and inviting them to
coerce us in case we were ever tempted

able

hy war emergencies to put out the
lights in self-protection, we should gain
one advantage whieh Me. Hay will
regara as inestimable, Our lighthouse

property would be forever safe from dest ruc.
tion by hostile guns, It would be under
the protection of the whole civilized world,
Our coast and harbor beacons would blaze
steadily, and our channel buoys would float
{nviolably, to light and guide the way of
the enemy's warship coming to attack us,
but we need never fear for our Fresnel
lenses or our foghorns or our blower sirens,
No single Power, however audacious, would
dare to fire a shot at them in deflance of the
world’s guarantee of their neutrality,
There little doubt that the diplo-
matic genius of the Hon, Jonny Hay is
adequate to the task of securing from the
Powers of Europe their cordial assent to
the Cape Spartelization of all the American
lighthouses, provided we undertake to con-
tinue to pay the entireecost of maintenance,

Is

The Army Post Exchange.

The following letter touches a matter
of interest to the enlisted men of the Army
and to the residents of places near garri-
Boned posts:

To Tee Eprron of Tur Sus—Sir’ There ie some
talk again of having the post exchange abolished.
This would be utter folly, I was at Vancouver
Barracks when one of the earliest post exchanges
was started, and I saw its workings. The numberof
men in the guard house after pay day was reduced
from about sixty to about ten; and this improve-
mentcontinued. Will you not try to prevent the
injury to the enlisted men that the abolition of the
post exchange would cause? I

Tue responsibility on those persons, both
in and out of Congress, who advocate the
abolition of the post exchange, or canteen,

is heavy. Thecanteen is the enlisted man's

club. and in a sense his grocery store for |

sue articles as his system may crave and
his ration does not supply, as well as his
restaurant for an oceasional sandwich or
eweet, 1! has taken the place of the old-
time sutler's store, where the civilian owner
often gouged the soldiers shamesuily.

The present post exchange is of compar-
atively reeent origin, but it has proven of
great benefit to the Army, as well as to the
Boldier, At every a commissioned
oMlcer is placed in charge of the exchange,
who is responsible, not only forits finances,
permanent property and stoek, but alse fo®
the execution of the regu ations and orders
relating to the post exchanges and for the
preservation order in its building or

post

ol
roous:
post commander for the condition of the
exchange in all respects, and his money
accounts are audited by a council of officers
every quarter, so that the exchange may
be conducted entirely in the interests of

This officer is accountabie.to the |

    
    
 
 

 

the soldier in an orderly and proper
manner,

The profits are devoted either to improve-
ments in the post exchange itself, its furni-
ture, appointments, conveniences, &e., or
#0 to improve the messes of the various
companies, bands and other organizations
of the post. In both ways the soldier gets
the full benefit of the profits directly.

The post oxchange generally has a billiard
table, and many little articles are kept
which make it exceedingly convenlent for
the soldier, In the way of drink, nothing
stronger than beer is allowed to be sold,
and only a limited quantity of this; and no
soldier ig ever permitted to serve the beer;
this is always done by a hired civilian, All
the articles are sold at low rates of profit,
so that the soldier gets what he requires
more cheaply than at neighboring stores,
and even then he knows that whatever
profit is made is again devoted to his bene-
fit in another way.

The company messes, from the fund ac-
cruing from the post exchange, can so im-
prove their table that the soldier is far
more contented than he was formerly, He
is furnished with a cosey club where he can
while away his leisure hours in better com-
pany and with better surroundings and in-
fluences than he would probably find out-
side the garrison. Only those acquainted
with the condition of the Army before the
introduction of post exchanges can appre-
clate the improvements effected by them.

 

 

Puerto Rico’s Products,

We have before us the text of the report
made to the War Department by Brig.-
Gen, GeorGE W. Davis, Governor of Puerto
Rico, That part of the report which deals
with the agricultural products of the island
enables us to appreciate the necessity of
giving them free, or at allevents, easy, ac-
cess to the markets of the United States,

The superficies of Puerto Rico is eom-
puted at 3,668 square miles, whieh is the
equivalent of 2,347,520 acres, The area
under some kind of culture was, at the
date when we took possession of the island,
about 800,000 acres; upward of 61,000
being devoted to cane culture, 122,000 to
coffee, and some 4,200 to tobacco; the rest
was allotted to maize, beans, rice and
native fruits. Three-fourths of all the land
is either used for pasture, or wholly unim-
proved, Gen, Davis reports that much of
the land now in pasture has been turned
to account in the past for the culture of
eane, and a still larger area might be
now employed for the same purpose if
the price of sugar were three and a half
eonts a pound, Not a quarter of tho land
adapted to coffee is now devoted to that
berry, The area which might be applicable
to tobacco, also, is very much larger than
than that now utilized for this product;
the quality of the Puerto Rico tobacco,
moreover, could bevery much improved.

The soil and climate of the island favor the
cultivation of many tropieal products whieh
are not now grown for export, Other Weet
India islands now supply 30,000,000
bunches of bananas annually, yet their
soil is no better adapted to the growing
of this fruit than is that of Puerto Rieo,
Oranges, limes and pineapples, all of
excellent quality, might be produced for
export, though at present they are grown
only for home consumption, Puerto Rico
is as well adapted to the production of sisal
hemp as are Yucatan and the Bahamas, and
cacao, rivalling that of Venezuela, is grown,
though at present only in sufficient quanti-
ties to supply local needs. From these
agricultural conditions it follows that the
only export crops upon which the island can
rely for some time to come are sugar,
tobacco and coffee, and for reasons to be
given, it is the two former upon which
principally dependence must be placed.

The maximum volume of the Ifsland's
sugar exports was reached in 1879, when it
amounted to 170,000 tons, The output of
sugar for 1899 will, it is computed,
approximate 60,000 tons, grown on a6
many acres, The area of land in Puerto
Rico adapted to cane culture is estimated
by Gen, Davis at a fourth of the whole, or
about 600,000 acres, No considerable
increase of the present crop could be looked
for, unleas the price obtainable by the cane-
grower for hissugar should be increased, In
18048, sugar, polarizing 96°, gave the pro-
ducer almost exactly 2', cents net per
pound in American money, In 1899, the
net returns were slightly better, but
sugar imported from Puerto Rico into
the United States was burdened with a
duty of 1.685 cents the pound on the
polariscope test of 96°. Were this tax
abated altogether, the producer would now
receive nearly 44% cents per pound, If, on
the otherhand, 15 percent, of the existing
duty should be levied, the producer would
get about 34 per cent.,a price which would
cause an extension of the area devoted
to cane. The only restrietion upon the
extension of the sugar area up to 500,000
acres would be a marked rise in agrieult-
ural wages whieh, at present, range from
twenty to thirty cents aday, No marked
immediate rise is probable, owing to the
large proportion of the agricultural popu-
lation which is unemployed at present,

We pass to the tobacco staple from which,
next to sugar, the inhabitants of Puerto
Rico have most to gain through free or
enay access to our markets. In the year
1897, the last for which astatisties have
been published, the island exported 6,255,-
958 pounds of tobacco, valued at 19 cents
per pound, Since 1892, the value per
pound has ranged from 19 to21 cents, The
Puerto Rico tobacco, of course, is of several
qualities or grades; the cheapest, known
locally as “baliche,” is marketed only in
Europe, and is worth from 4 to 414 vents
per pound, The portion thus graded is
not more than one-fourth or one-third
of the total crop. The more valuable
grades are known to the trade as “ filler”

and ‘‘wrapper;” their aggregate in a
|} normal crop would reach four million
| ponnds, In 1897, all tobacco of this kind

went to Cuba, and brought, on an average,
from 16 to 20 cents per pound, but the pro-
hibitive duty of $5 per pound on tobacco
imported into Cuba, a duty which went
into effeet on Jan, 1, 1899, sealed the door
to exports of the leaf from Puerto Rieo. As
| there Is no market for the better grades of
' Puerto Rico tobacco in Europe, and as the
duties levied on it in the United States have
hitherto ranged from 35 cents to $1.85, it
follows that there is, at present, no mar-
ket for them at all, Should, however,
only 16 per cent. of the existing duties
be levied, the tobaeeo eulture of the is-
land will be materially encouraged,
though not, of course, so powerfully stim-
| ulated as it would be by free trade.
A letter from Gen. Davis tothe War De-
} partment dated San Jnan, Feb 14, informs
| us that the island has, available for export,
asurplus of about 1,500,000 pounds from
the tobacco crops of 1898 and 1800, and
that the portion of the crop now maturing,
which will not be required for loeal eon-
sulmption, is computed at about 2,000,000
pounds. It will be noticed that the

4

—_———

eee OO

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1900.
—— ec TO ek

   

volume of this year's crop is far smaller
than was thet of 1897, and, if there were no
hope of relief from the present Congress, it
is probable that the island would, next
year, raise only sufficient tobaeceo for do-
mestie consumption.

We turn, finally, to coffee, which, under
the Spanish rule, was the most import-
ant staple of Puerto Rico, being: valued at
more than twice as much as the tobacco
and the cane products combined, In 1897,
the export of coffee from the island was
51,710,997 pounds in volume, whieh was
valued at 12,222,590 pesos, the peso being
worth about forty cents In gold. More
than half of all the coffee sent out of the
island went to Cuba and Spain; the rest to
various European countries, The Spanish
market is now closed by prohibitive duties,
and Cuba was also barred, until the
recent change of the duty of 5.5 cents
in gold per pound levied in that island

on Puerto Rico coffee. Until a redue-
tion was made, Cuban needs — were
met by importations from Brazil by

way of the United States, involving a voy-
age of more than four thousand miles and
two rehandlings. Although the Puerto
Rican berry is much more highly esteemed
by many coffee users than is the product of
Brazil, it is unknown in the United States
and cannot now be sold here at a price which
would yield the producer more than four or
flvecents net per pound, Unless, therefore,
arrangements ean be made by which the
Spanish market can be reopened to this
staple, itis pronounced improbable that the
output of coffee will ever be largely in-
creased, On the basis of the present price
of the berry, the value of a normal crop
would not exceed three-fourths of that of
1897, or say eight million pesos; as a mat-
ter of fact, the crop is far from normal, the
hurricane having destroyed or stripped
fully two-thirds of the coffee trees, It is
not expected that the present winter's
picking will yield more than one-third of a
normal erop, Which, at the redueed price,
will not sell for more than three million
pesos. According to Governor Davis, five
years must elapse before the coffee trees
and their neeessary shade trees ean be
renewed so that the growers can resume
the average production,

The conclusion reached by Governor
Davis is that, unless the island's tobaeco
is admitted to our markets free, or at a
greatly reduced duty, all that Puerto Rico
has to sell this year is sugar valued at three
million to four million pesos, and ec fire
worth three million, or a possible total of
seven million pesos, whieh is about one-
third of the annual export, These facts
demonstrate the gravity of the industrial
crisis, and justify the assertion made by
Governor Davis in his letter dated Feb,
14 that, unless material relief is quickly
afforded by Congress, ¢'the paralysis of
Puerto Rico must continue, andthe poor and
helpless, in increasing number, must be fed
by us, or they will starve to death.”

Municipal Art as an Investment.

In the last number of a publication en-
titled Municipal Affaira a city's public art
is treated as of almost equal importance
with its polities. In many American cities
there happen at the moment to be lively
signs of attention to the subject of munie-
ipal beauty, which includes all kinds of
decoration, as well as mere perfection of
streets and sidewalks, In no other city, we
are happy tosay, is such a movement more
wide and active than {In New York.

In this same esteemed contemporary,
Municipal Affairs, Mr. Busu-Browy, the
seulptor, ingeniously furthers the esthetic
programme by showing how profitable toa
town art can be;

“Our citizens are learning the valae of art as an in-
vestment, and know that Greater New York was
benefited by the temporary Naval Arch because the
city was thereby made that much more attractive,
Who has not beard some visitor say: ‘It is worth
a journey to New York now Justtosee the arch?’ Onr
citizens have already been reimbursed for all that
the arch has cost

“Italy staggers under a national debt that makes
ber the most intolerably taxed of all civilized na-
tions, but the total interest on that national debt,
$10,000,000, {# equalled by the $#0,000,000 which
foreign tourieta leave anuually in Italy, of which
Americans contribute one third, In her bygons
centuries of art awakening Italy’a priests and
princes builded better than they knew, The art
with which they then udorned her has become the
common heritage of all her people, amd now stands
between her and ruin.

“For a generation Parts has been the most beautiful
and attractive city of the world, first and foremost
because she is the art centre of the world) No one
will question the extent to which her prosperity, her
very existence se a@ great capital, depends upon the
sojourners attracted most of all by her art.

“So we make the plea for the nseof public art, both
painting and sculptare, in our public buildings and
streets, from appreciation of its dual function to
educate us to higher standards of living, and to
make our city as beautiful as she is great and pros-
perous, We do this because of theese moral qnali-
ities and because it is known as a paying investment
for the city.”

Oddly enough we find at this time in the
Richmond Times, which is encouraging a
rural agitation of a kindred nature in
Northern Neek, the advice that ‘a little
paint, a little whitewash here and there, a
few flowers and shrubs in the front yard,
will give to any farm a genteel and attrac-
tive appearance and add materially to its
value.”

Mr. Brvsu-Browy’s estimate of art's power
to excite people to seek for it le known by
the entire population of New York to be
sound, For example, the arch raised in con-
nection with the Dewey weleome is still a
magnet for spectators from without New
York's boundaries; its drawing strength is
not yet gone,

Everything that makes a city more bean-
tiftul makes it s0 much the more worth
visiting, and consequently so much the
more prosperous, Public buildings distin-
guished for their beauty, without and
within, institutions of art and learning of
all sorts, the parks, and the monuments
in seulpture, by far the most diffeult to
obtain of acceptable quality, are worth
money to the community that owns them.
They give a city mueh of what special
character it has, and bring to it guests by
the day and residents by the year. Every
agency which can help toward this kind of
municipal development is a public benefit,
There are already many of them at work,
and Municipal Affairs must be aecounted
among the first.

It has long been the ambition of protes-
sional sporting men in Fngland, whether they
gained laurels on the tanbark, the turf orin
the prize ring, to retire as the owner of a
“public house.” The good will of a “pub,”
long established and having a recognized
patronage, requires 4 considerable cash pay-
ment, and the age a? whieh-a professional
sporting man earns his retirement {4 usn-
ally one af wheh he may with reason ex.
peet to take his vase at his inn tothe satis’ac-
tion of his customers anda ty
new patrons

”

in attraction

 

In New York, too, we find this Enuiish eus-

tom of retired sports in public houses, One
champion of the fine art of pugilism rotired
from the prize ring, retaining much popularity,
and became the proprietor of a saloon; an-
other, who hal met him successfully in the
prize ring, 4nd Wrested his laurels from

——_———_———_— —$——— eae OO EE

    

him to yield them. became the proprie-

tor of a rival establishment, This week
two other former champlons have fo'-
lowed in their footsteps so that there are

now in town half a dozen saloons, the most
notable attraction of which ia the presence of
the pugilist-proprictor rather than the excel-
lence of the beverages sod, the embellishments
of the catablishment or the entertainment of-
fered the patrons. Inno respect do such aa-
loons differ {rom ordinary ones, The proprie-
tor takes no direct part in the business of the
place beyond “standing around,”

Deseribing the personal appearance of M,
Hennt ve Reoxrerthe Boston Herald says that
“his face and bearing, together with his mon-
oclo that he wears in his loft eye, give him the
appearance of an English clergyman,” Isa
monocle characteristic of an English clerey-
man? M. pe Reanter’s pictures show a man
witha fino head and brow, good eves, and a
drooping moustache, Judged by hia looka he
might be a banker or a railroat President
ora theosophiat or a philosopher, What is
thore to distinguish a man’s occupation in his
appearance nowadays? Often the lawyers look
like army officers and even clergymen cannot
always be picked out unless by their dress,
The demoralization of the world, the uniform
ity of male attire and the permission given to
the once tabooed moustache have made civ-
lized men look very much alike.

According to our esteemed contemporary,
the Hartford Times, “it would not bea surprise
tosee more than a million votes cast for the
anti-imperialista Bovrwrrr of Massachusetts

nominated for President and Vice-President,
We wonder What would surprise the /lortford
Tines, Would it be surprised if Hartford State
House should suddenly rise in the air and
carry off into the empyrean the Putnam
Phalanx?

The second of Mr. SWINBURNF’S poems on
the Boer war has just appeared in London
While it is a little less flerce and unreasonable
than the first, it has little of beauty or of
strength. Apparently Mr. SwinauRNe’s stock
of ideas and phrases gave ont some years ago,
Manneriams and manias are all that ean be ex-
pected from him now; but his past work
is enough for his fame, He has wrt-
ten some of the loveliest and the most
splendid Ivries and passages in the lan-
guage. In sonority of diction and an imagi-
nation remarkabiy intense if not broad, he has
long stood at the head of contemporary poets;
and the minstrel groat muat not be dented be-
cause his war poems are not great, The FPug-
lish singers of the South African war have not
been fortunate; and even the best of them
have not been far removed from the worst.

The Hon, Sorrowrrsn JOHNSON of north-
ern Georgia may be the Democratic candidate
for Vice-President, and is well suited for that
honor by hia given name, but the Hon, Curtis
Jonnson of San Francisco, who was seized by
and rescued from an Octopus with arms three
feet long, must have the preference if merit
rules,

The bill whieh has been introduced in the
Legislature at Albany making {it a misde-
meanor to publish any letter or other docu-
ment found in the possession of a person com-
mitting suicide is a good bill and it ought to
become alaw. The public have no need of such
information, and it should remain in the confl-
dential possession of the Coroners,

An evon better measure is the bill which has
been Introduced in the Assembly by Assembly-
man Henry of this elty abolishing Coroners
altogether. The bill establishes medical ex-
aminers in the Board of Health, whose duty it
is to investigate suapicious denths and report
tothe District Attorney, The proposed law fol-
lows closely the practice of Massachusetta,
Coroners and Coroners’ juries in this city and
State at present are useless and costly func-

tionaries,

500 SPANISH PRISONERS RESCUED,

Admiral Watson Reports a Gallant Exploit
by Lieut. John H. Gibbons,

Wasninctox, March 2.—Some quick and
efficient work of ayoung American naval offi-
cer is highly commended by Rear Admiral
Watson in a despatch received at the Navy De-
partment this morning. The officer is Lieut
John H. Gibbons, whose home is in Grand
Rapids, Mich., and who had the honor of firing

the last shot in the last naval engagement in
Cuba, This wasat the battle of Manzanilla,
Lieut. Gibbons’s latest exploit is thus de-
scribed by Admiral Watson

“Masntia, March 1.—Armed transport Alava,
received from Miltary Governor Sunday, com-
missioned immediately, Gibbons in command
with crew and marines from Brooklyn. Pro-
ceeded same day on Information reeeived to
Gulf Rajay; returned to-day with 508 rescued
Spanish prisoners, eight American soldiers,
two oMfoers of hospital ship Reilef and three
surrendered Filipino oficers. Promptnessand
geal of Gibbons and detachment highly com-
mended, All well. Boatswain's Mate Jur-
aschka surrendered by insurgents Feb, 14."
The two officers of the hospital ship Relief
who were reacued were captured in Manila Bay
soon after the outbreak of hostilities with the
Filipinos Tori were in asmal! boat off shore
when armed Filipinos rowel out and made
them prisoners, ee

Boatswain's Mate William Juraschka wag at-
tached tothe gunboat Mariveles, With three
other enlisted men of that vessel he was cap-
tured on Oct. 16, 18), while landing non-
combatants, All four were wounded and two
died asa result of their injuries,

The explolt of Lieut Gibbons is rewarded in
military and naval circles as important. It is
interpreted as showing the demoralization
prevailing among the Filipino forces, Lieut,
Gibbons is an officer of the crulser Brooklyn,

ROOT

 

 

 

STARTS FOK CUBA,

Gen. Ludlow Goes With Him to Give Up
His Command for na Time at Least,
Wasnixnaton, March 2—Secretary of War
Noot, accompanied by Mrs, Root, Miss Root, his
son Edward Root, Private Secretary Coursey,
Lieut.-Col, Carter, AssistantJAdjutant-General,
and Brig.-Gen, William Ludlow, left Washing-
ton this morning onthe 11:15 train over the

Southern Railway for Tampa. The party will
leave Tampa Sunday morning on the trans.
port Sedgwiek for Havana. Secretary Root's
trip is for the purpose of making an inspection
of the conditions in Cuba,

Gen. Ludiow’s return to Cuba at this time is
for the purpose of turning over his command
of the Department of Havana to some other
offleer owing to. the neeessity for his re.
turn tothe United States to continue the work
of preparing a plan for the organizat on of the
new War College Whetherhe will make his
return to the United States permanent has
not been determined unon by Seeretary Root,
nor has his snecessor in Cuba been seleeted,
It is thought probable that Gen, Fitzhugh
Tee, command ng the Department of the
Provinee of Havana and Pinar det Rio, will be
Aelected to succeed him in Cuba,

 

Democrats Organizing a Republican Anti-
Tmperiallat Bolt,
From the Hartford Times

Now, weare tol, the membera of the Democratic
National Committee are engincvering @ movement
foran antiimperialist ticket t) be nominated after
all the other parties have held their eonventions,

Fours years ago the Republican candidates were
elected by Democratic and independent voters who
wonld not aupport a Populist, although he had ob

teined a tiove or Jess regular Democratic nomina
tion, Now th» defeated Porsidential candidate of
four years ago hopes to vet into the Wh te House by

feason of & simtiay movement against the Repub-
lican noming
The independent Republican who objecta to im

*perialisin is, in most casos, the sort of a man who

can never tring himself to vote for Mr. Bryan
Therefore, if he isto vote at all this year he must
have some independent candidate to vote for

Tt ie natural thata convention, to meet in Indian

apolis inthe latter part of July for the purpow of

nominating s#neh a candidate. should already be
talked of. It wll be natucw! for such convention
to nominate & Republicanfer the Preadeney. If t
sboubl happen that the convention ahontd nomi
nite Mr, Bontweli of Massachusetts for Precdent
and Mr. Henderson of Mascari for View-Promida nt, it

would not be surprising to eee morethan @ million
tes cast for then in November

He Had Her Permission,
rom tie Chierg: hatly News,

Father ‘calling from head of stairs at 11:50 P.M)
Jennie, don't you think it's about time to go to
bed?

Jennie—Yes, papa, dear
wp 80 late?

What on earth keeps you

and HENpERSON of Missouri if they should be |

———————

 

 

ee eee

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

te ee

Tho situation in South Africa having been
made tree by the surrender of Gen. Cronje and
the reliof of Ladysmith, the campaign enters
on anew phase. Ag yet, it has not had time to
take form, the two armies being engaged in
ascertaining each other's whoreabouts and in-
tentions prior to coming in decisive contact.
The Boer foree reported to be In the neighbor-
hood of Dektel's Drift on the Riet River
is promably that under the command of
Gen. Prinaloo which captured Gen. French's
supply traln when he etarted for Kimberley.
He may by this time be joined by the com-
mandos that have loft Colesberg for the north,
ands he cannot in any case be In sufficient
strength to take the aggressive single-
handed, he must either join hands with
Commandant De Wet who is in front of Lord
Roberts to the eastward, cr make a dash
to the north acrosa the British communica-
tions with Jacobsdal. Lord Roberts is aald
to have moved his camp forward five miles
to the eastward of Paurdeberg to a point called
Osfontein, This place is on the Bloemfontein
road five miles southeast of Paardeberg, and
is about forty miles from Bloemfontein, To
protect his communieations as he advances on
the Free State capital, Lord Roberts has de-
tached a brigade of Gen, Kenny-Kolly’s division
to the south, and Gen. French with his mounted
men is feeling the way with the expectation of
comingin touch withthe Boer force under Com-
mandant De Wet at anv moment. Lord Roberts's
object in marching on Bloemfontein is to gain
control of the railway from Port Elizabeth by
Norvals Pont, 80 a8 to make it his base of
operations against the army said to be assem-
Diing urder Gen. Joubert behind the Vet River,
and relieve the strain of the traffic on the
Cape Town line to Kimberley, which will be
required for the column forming for the relief
of Mafeking. It may be somo little time
yet before the line can be put In
proper working order, but eventually, with the
arrangements that have been made for the
rupid repair ofthe railways as the army ad-
vanees, he will be in direet communteation
both with Kast London and Port Elizabeth, the
railways from which places form a)unetion at
Springfontein, about forty miles from Norvals
Pont and the same from Bethulie on the Orange
River,

With regard to the relief of Mafeking, its im-
mediate feasibility is notso apparent, In the
first place itia more than two hundred miles
by rail from Kimberley, and all the bridges be-
tween the two places, some of them of consid.
erable size, hava been destroyed; and then the
difleulties of transport for any considerable
forca over that distance would be so great as to
be almost insuperable under present condl-
tlons, The foree under Col. Plumer which
has been endeavoring to reach Mafeking, fa re-
ported from Pretoria to have returned to
Gaberones and Gen, Snyman who Is directing
operations against the place has carried
his trenches up to within 250 yards of the
British lines. The roads from Kimberley are
known to be held by the Boers at various
points in greater or lesser force with guns,
prepared to resist an advance from the south.

The estimares of the force which Gen,
Joubert will have at his command vary from
40,000 to 75,000 men, The probability is that
it is something Letween the two, as every male
capable of bearing arms between the ages of
16 and UU has been called out, the first levy
having been those between 18 and 50.

The latest despatch from Ladysmith from
Gen, Buller shows that the Boers had removed
all their guns except two, and quantities of
matertal several daysago, They, however, left
behind a good deal of ammunition and effects
when they finally retired as the British ad-
vanced, and have disappeared entirely from the
neighborhood,

 

ART NOTES,

Notable Works by Brush and Sargent at
Knoedler'a,

Three pictures are on exhibition at Knoed-
ler's gallery, Fifth avenue and Thirty-fourth
street, that are well worth going to see, They
are “The Family” by George DoForest Brush,
A.N, A,. and portraits of Joseph A. Choate and
James (. Carter by Sargent. “The Family”
has been on exhibition at Pittsburg and Phila-
delphia and has not been seen before here,
while the two portralta which were painted
lust suminer in London for the Harvard Club
have only been privately exhibited atthe club-
house and at the annual Harvard dinner a
short time ago,

Mr. Brush’s picture is similar in subject and
in treatment to three or four other pictures
called “Mother and Child” or “Family Group”
which have brought him such a high reputa-
tion. The first of these pletures, painted about
eight years ago, has been sent tothe Paria Ex-
position. It contains three figures. Another
isin the permanent collection of the Museum
of Fine Arts, Boston. The composition at
Knoedler’s contains six figures, It is the larg-
eat andthe most ambitious of the series, and
in many ways the best of them all. The
mother, a young woman with full-sleeved
waist of green and dark blue skirt, occupies
the centre of the group and holds upright on
her knees her baby wrapped tn a maillot
or swaddling clothes of yellowish white, The
iliumination of the picture is strongest on
these two. On the anectator’s right, seated on
the bench beside the mother, is a Jittle girl of
Ror {) years, Whose dress is of dulllred. On the
left ara two smaller children, hoth barae-
legged, one in a frock of purple, the other in
dull yellow. Behind them, looking out over
their heads, isa boy. This last figure ie subor-
dinated and appears in half light. All of the
personages are blonde, The background con-
sistsof w group of trees, aglimpse of a hill
and a bit of dull blue sky. The drawing
throughout is admirably concise and = the
modelling, While exact, is simple. The whole
picture is harmonious in color and abounds ia
fine morecaux suchas the head of the little

girl) in red and that of the = mother,
While these cuolities of drawing and
modelling appear at close view and the

finish is seen to be almost elaborate, the gen-
eral effect of the picture, when looked atat the
proper distance, is unified and broad, Ite
strongest point, indee!, is that {it carries so
well, Itisa very remarkable picture and gives
new proof of the rare ability of one ofthe most
distinguished of all Ainerican artists

Nearby in the gallery on an ease! isa portrait
head of a boy with a cap, by Mr. Brnah.his own
little son who appears In the background in
"The Vamily,” that deserves a special word of
praise for its beantifil drawing, its luminons
guatity and breadth combined with exactness
in modelling.

Mr. Sargent’s two portraits are of course
noteworthy. Both Mr. Carter and Mr. Choate
are presented in three-quarters length and
each wears the reguiation long-skirted body-
coat, Mr. Carter's picture secms to Lethe beast
likeness and is certainly the inore impressive
study of character, while the picture of Mr.
Choate, withthe light falling more fully on

) the face, is, at first glance, the more striking

is perfupe ory

portraitof the two, Both are good and neither
Compared, however, with the
petureof My Marqaand at the Museum and
the famous “Portrait of Wertheimer,” they
are seen to be distinetly below Mr, Sargent’s
highest murk,

Cronje and His Men,

Foom tye A baie Limes Uinron,

When the long rollcall ty sound ed,

On the camping sind of Fame,
Andeach hero ofth avs

Auawers’ Peosent’’ t) hos name,
Mid the freto allthe : nawers

Vhat shold ring ont clearest thea
Voll be heard the steadfas? voice

Of tvase Cr hoe aod uls me

 

 

When they folt the .sties Mou
Dravinunewrerto hos prey
Sidithes heard Dieyrows of thunder
tirowit decper dav by de
they stl fought wich boars
Cillaibhe "auboad d
Nii they saw their friends and be

Fenuthear women, md tie dead

niaunted

thers,

or, though defeated
ihey have to the nat ons shown

How the men of veldt aud monutteip
Can, thou diving bold theirosa

Let th: ir names ve blazoned prondly
On Time's honor-roll, and, when

Men shall seok the names ot hefea,
Call brave Cronje and his inen

CuAaBLes N. Luaig,

They are viv

7H WAY-PAUNCEVOTE TREATY,

A Striking Demonstration of Its Perni-
clousness and Fatuity.
From the American Revirw of Reviews,

In January Congress seemed on the point of
cutting the Gordian knot and delivering the
Nicaragua Canal project from the ontangle-
ments of intrigue and diplomacy which have so
long victimized it. Committees of both houses
had made unanimous reports favoring tho
Prompt construction by the United States
Government of an interoceanic ship canal
upon ground to which our Government was
to secure title by cession from Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, This plan treated the canal asa part
of the navigable waterways of the United
Rtatea, the link between our Atlantic and
Pacific seaboards, an inestimable addition to
our national defences, and a means of doubling
the utility ofour Navy, Overwhelming major-
ities, regardless of party, inthe House and tn
the Senate alike, were prepared to give quick
pasange to this excellent measure brought for-
ward by Mr. Hepburn, as chairman of tho
House Commerce Committee, and by Senator
Morgan, as chairman of the Senate’s Special
Committee on Interoceante Canals, It was
supposed as o matter of course that this line of
polley—the success of which called for prompt
action and barmontons codperation, not only of
both parties, but also eapecially of all branches
of the Government—had the entire approval of
President McKinley and his Cabinet.

Tt would not be easy, therefore, to overstate
the bewildered surprise of Congress and the
country when it was announced that Secretary
Hay, on behalf of the United States, and Lord
Pauncefote, on behalf of England, had sianeda
treaty the object of which was to put the
United States under pledges, not only for this
generation, but for all posterity to the end of
time, that it would not fortify its own canal or
make use of It In time of war to accomplish the
very objects the country had in mind as the
reasons for constructing it, The Hay-Paunce-
fote Treaty contemplates a canal at the expense
of the United States of America for the equal
benefit of international commerce, to be neu-
tralized under the guarantee of the great
commercial! nations of the world. In plain
Fnglish, Mr. Hay’s plan specifically asks the
concert of Europo to take political control ofa
canal built by our Government.

Even if this treaty should be rejected by the
Senate, Its after-effects must embarrass the
Hepburn-Morgan project. It purports to be a
revision of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty of 1850;
and its negotiation has meant the acknowledg-
ment on the part of Secretary Hay of the unims
patred validity of an old arrangement which
Mr. Hay’s predecessors and American states-
men regardiess of party for a quarter of a
century have agreed in pronouncing obsolete
and voidable, and “not worth the paper upon
which it was written.”’ This agreement, al-
though in its phraseology it was given a per-
petually binding force, had strict reference to
a state of affairs existing at thetime. Its pro-
visions have been habitually disregarded by the
British Government and treated as obsolete
by our own. Those who are familiar with
English legal and official opinion tell us that it
has been taken for granted in England that
nothing in that old treaty would stand in the
way of the United States constructing the
Nicaragua Canal when it found itself ready to
do so. In reply to questions in the House of
Commons since the signing of the Hay-Paunce-
fote Treaty, the British Government has saidin
effect that the provisions of the new agreement
which prevent the United States from ever
fortifying ita canai,and which place it under
the guarantee of the powers of Europe, were
not inserted by demand of England. but were
express proposals of Mr. Hayon behalf of the
United States. This seems rather dificult to
believe, but it has not been contradicted at
Washington, so far aa we are aware.

Back of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty there
does not linger the slightest vestige of any
substantial obligation on the part of the
United States. There is nothing analogous
to the duty of rendering a quid pro quo.
Where nothing has been received there Is

 

nothing to pay. John Stuart Mill and
numerous other writers on the equity of
such treaties have made it perfectly

plain that where a convention has been signed
that is temporary in {ts very nature, yet is
giventhoe form of perpetuity in its phrasing, it
will of necessity be abrogated when the tem-
porary circumstances have been outlived and
new conditions render it desirable to deal
freely with a given situation. A simple and
honest way to deal with the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty is toinform England that the people and
the public men of the United States have long
considered it morally and practically a dead
letter, and that it would be agreeable to usto
have England's formal consent to its abroga-
tion. Since there is nothing whatever inthe
treaty that is of real value and importance to
England, there {is no reason to suppose that
there would be any hesitation on the part of
Lord Salisbury to accept our view of the
matter, especially as this is precisely what the
best-informed English newspapers have been
advising him to do,

There is not a trace of unfriendiiness toward
Great Britain and the Pritish Empire in the
proposals for un American canal under the
control of our Government. On the other
hand, it Is greatly to England's interest to have
the canal built promptly and to have us own
and control it. It would searcely seem as
if there could have been any reason for
protracte! negotiations with England on
such a subject as the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty,
But there was one fleld in which this
Administration eugnt to have ,been work-
{ng with the utmost concentration of
diplomatic energy and intelligence. The fleld
is Central America. It ought to have been easy
enough to convince Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
if the right efforts had been made, that in no
other way could they so certaloly assure their
prosperityand safety as in granting an out-
and-ont cession of a strip of territory for canal
purposes over which we should exercise sov-
ereignty in as complote a sense as over Puerto
Ricoor Hawall, Having gained this point wa
should have been able, undoubtedly, to give
Fnglend assurances that would have made her
heartily ready to waive the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty and lendher moral encouragement to
our execution of a project that was bound to
affect her interests favorably.

The only justification for any annexation
policy whatever lies in carrying it to the point
of a rounded and logical completion. The
McKinley Administration may perchance feel
that it has already brought about as much an-
nexation us it desires, and a good
than it anticipated. But that is no reason why
the Administration should propose to block
the progress of American annexation for a
hundred years to come, George Washington
did not sign a perpetual treaty with all
European nations that this country would
never under any circumstances enlarge its do-
main by purchasing the Lonistanacountry. Mr.
Webster, when he arranged tho Northwestern
boundary line, did not gratuitously pledge the
United States never to purchase Russian
America, The one thing that we really need In
the line ofannexation isastripofCentral (mer-
ica; an dwhy in the world should this Adminis-
tration embarrass fiture administrations by
making it impossible for
cise sovereignty in the
need and that it i4 eminently appro-
priate we should The country
will at least insist npo knowing what is meant
by thia new move ant what lies behind it before
running the risk of sacrificing the most vital
pointin American policy by a blind acceptance
of o treaty wholly differeat in its character
from anything that either Eng!and or America
had aske! for, oxpeotod, or desired

Now that Mr. Hay's new teoaty ata stroke
eliminates the politieal and nave a lvantages
that to ae from

Ns ever to exer
One® spot that we

1988 89?
'

 

were ‘rue fo Us the eon.
struction Of the c.na oat th: expense ot
the tuxpayers of the United Staves, and ears.
fully deprives Americans of superior ad.
vantages Of apy kind ork esti th arises
most foreibly: Why @ ould the United States
Government spend Am reas cioney to dig a

canal on alien soil over which it is pledged
never to acquire or exercise sovereignty, in
which its own warships are to have no advant-
age over those of an enemy, and through
which Americau merchant ships are forever

" ae RR nnn sene pone LTE ETT er ere TET nee ae nS TT LL EN NEE I eR nr RRR

teal more,

SSS

SSS SSS SSS SSD

 

denied any better terms than those of all other
countries?

Mr. Hay’s treaty proposes that the canal
shall be the absolute property of the United
States, but that if in war-time we should
choose to fortify our owa Government's
property or to exclude our enemy's ships
from its use, we should bave made ft both
the right and the duty of all the worldto
take up arms against us, This is why, in
our opinion, the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty will,
if ratiNed, tend to war rather than peace. It
gives Europe a control that America should

keep, It would compel us to build a navy
at least twice as large os wo should
otherwise need. If wo were to bee

come a party to the international compact
that controls the Suez Canal, Furope would
still control in fact, for this country would be
inaminority of one, In like manner, if the
Hay-Pauncefote plan is adopted, wo shall have
put ourselves in exactly that same minority of
one inthe control of a Nicaragua canal builé
for Europe at our expense and risk,

It will naturally be asked: Why should this
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty, which in form pute
the Nicaragua Canal under the same control as
the Suez Canal, be particularly acceptable to
Lord Salisbury? The question is susceptible
ofacomplete answer. Thero is nothing thas
the British Government s0 much desires as an
alliance with the United States. Having
bought a controlling interest in the shares of
the Suez Canal Company, the British Governe
ment virtually owns that enterprise, using the
word ownership in itscommercial sense, But
the well-known conditions pertaining to the
history of the Suez undertaking, which we
need not recapitulate, had brought abous
political neutralization undor the joint guare
antee of nine European powers. England
really coutrols the canal, however, by virtue (1)
of maintaining a navy incomparably stronger
than any that could be combined against her
and (2) by her fortified possession of the outer
entrances to the Mediterranean and Red seas
and her other strongholds on the Suez Canal
route to India.

Now, if the United States Government should
become the private owner of a Nicaragua canal
politically neutralized under European guare
antees, our nominal position would be strike
ingly analogous tothat of England at Sueg
But our real position would be wholly different.
Lacking a large navy and lacking strategioal
positions commanding the approaches, our
only chance of keeping the Nicaragua Canal
open againat an unfriendly European coalition
would Ile fin the good offices and friendly proe
tection of the British Navy. Lord Rosebery,on
Feb, 15. stated in the House of Lorde that as
recently as December the British Government
“made vigorous overtures to two great powers
—Germany and the United States—for an alli-
ance, but these overtures were not received with
such cordlality as to encourage the Governe
ment to pursue them,” Lord Rosebery {s too ree
sponsible a statesman to have made this assere
tion without Knowing itto be true, It may be
said with the certainty of a mathematical
demonstration that the adoption of the Hay.
Pauncefote Treaty must mean either the
abandonment of a Nicaragua canal under the
auspices of the Government of the United
States or else an eventual alliance between
England and this country.

There are those in America as well as in
Fngland who desire such an alliance; but {fit
is tocome we, for our part, should prefer to
find other reasons than our open need of tne
voking the aid of England's sea power to help
us maintain the general principle of the Mon-
roe Doctrine,

 

To tHe Enrtor or THe Sun—Sir: I am
a Republican, but [think you have taken just
the right ground on the subject of the Haye
Pauncefote Treaty. Iam gladto see that in
yesterday's and to-day'’s SUN you are continuing
the editorial fight. I sincerely hope you will
keep pounding away at it. It seems to me
that your points are unanswerable,

A Reourar Reaver or “Tae Sun,”

New York, March 1,

 

From the Loe Angeles Times,

The widespread protest against the ratificas
tion of the Hay-Pauneefote Treaty is an exe
pression of American publi> sentiment of
which our Senators and Representatives in
Congress must perforce take cognizance. To
atate the case in the mildest manner possible
it would be very bad business policy, indeed,
for this Government to expend a hundred mile
lion of dollars, more or lesa, inthe construction
of the Nicaragua Canal, under conditions
which would give toany foreign nation or nae
tions the right to share in anv remote degree
in its control. That the Government of the
United States will eventually build the canal
may be set down as a foregone coneluston.
That we will not build it upon any terms than
puch as give us absolute control of it is alsog
certainty.

These facta may as well he recognized first
astast. Public sentiment will never sanction
the «expenditure of the vast sum of money nece
essary to pay the cost of construction unless
it be fully understood that the undisputed right
of absolute control is one of the conditions
under which we make the investment,

 

The Transvaal Isane,

To Tar Fptror or THE SuN—Sir: In Tae
Bus of Feb, 28, [notice a lotter written by P,
Loutes Wessels, late of Bloomfontein, Orange
Free State. This letter refers te the present
British-Boer war and tosome statements made
by W. E Park, which appeared in Tue Sun of
Feb, 2%.

1 wish to correct some of Mr. Weasela’g
statements, as they ave far from being true,

Mr. W. FE, Park is notan Poglishman, but an
American born unt brought up in Boston,
Furthermore, I would that he is the
South African manager for a well-known
American firm and forthe past four years has
lived in Johannesburs

The writer has jived in Johannesburg for
eighteen months previous to the breaking out
of warthere and knew Mr. Park, and I wish
to back up every stitement he made Mr.
Park does pot say that all of the Boers are
dirty and ignorant, though this does apply te
the great majority of the poor fellows who
have been led into the present war to fight
against Pogland. s :

Also regarding taxation in the Transvaals
This has been most unjust and onesided, the
Governinent putting on tax aftertax and aelle
ine eoneessions until it had reached a poing
where it could not be borne ionger,

Much sympathy here seems to be with the
Boers, but if the real facets could be known
I am positive that every Amertoan: would
change his ideas as to who is fighting for
liberty in South Africa,

Anyone whowil! take the time to look up tha
couvention of T484 and then look at some of
the jaws made in the Transvaal since that
time, will see at a wlanece that England hag
some right to take back the country whieh
she gave to the Boers in IMSL under certain
conditions and which conditions have never
been lived upto BeNtaMiIn M, Mircueun,

New Yous, March 1

state

Subseription for the Boers,

To rue Enrrorn or Tar Sux—Sir: IT destra to start
a ‘subscription in aid of the Boers,’ I will opea
the list with my subscription for $100, for which &
will at once send you acheck

Josreny

 

r Rorniine dJanvia,

Marcu l 1111 Madison avenue

Besieged and Besiegers,

To rae Evrron or Tur Sty—Sir Being an Eng.
lishinan, I cannot, of course, look at thie Boer war is
the cala, wuprejudiced manner that an Americag
eau. Allimy American trends, nearly all, seem ta
be perfectly tinpartial Guso far as iinpertiallity goos
on all fours with a strong hope that Foivland may be
moat unmercfully Helked), and therefor: are not
Hiinded to the rights of the matter sa are all we Bng-
lishinea,

Still, it seems ¢) mv prejudiced eyes that, if
Cronje ia sneha bero for making such @ splendid
fHebt, something might be said about the tight past

   

     

  
 
 

  

nuptor Kimber Ma’ hing and Laiyemith, which
has not lasted fora taw cis nly, but formonthe
Siipposeithat been the boors holding these towne
against the Brush all ¢hfs tose. woull there stil
have be n not one word o° en ouravement or com-
Mendaton inal) the Amecoan pres
Tavingion, Nod, Mareh tl ).F AtLes

Ceyond Shakespeare's Limit,

Prom Brontiun Lif

Magnificest, sir! There ace scenes On
your comedy thet Suakespose binself oould not
have written.

Dapter—Yon are took ni, really,

“Notatall,«r Take, for instance, that raieead
smashup ‘n the bi d ack’

Dutteriev