NEW BOOKS.

 

firief Reviews of Important and Interesting
New Publications,

The beauty of Bettina was such, in "A Mani-
fest Destiny.” by Julia Magruder (Harper &
Brothors), that she waa fitted to make captive
even the most difficult of men, Probably
pobody could be so callous as to be able to re-
eiet her. She was qualified to penetrate the
armor of a Harvey ora Krupp. Itis likely that
Achopenhauer himself, with all his caresully
constructed pessimism regarding her valuable
gex, would have succumbed to her, and re-
versed an important part of his melancholy
philosophy. if it could have been arranged to
have him look at her for two minutes. With-
out the least effort she turned the heads of all
the first-cabion passengers on one of the great
Atlantto steamships. In England she over-
whelmed a lord, a hardened bachelor of 62, se-
sere with his tenants, strenuous and
potent in politics, the moment she lifted
her veil, at bis first interview with her. It
{is not exactly plain why thie lord from the mo-
ment of their marriage, should have treated
her in a superior fashion, even scoiding
her at breakfast. The reader will derive a
pleasure from the circumstances that, coinci-

dent with his brutality, Bettina perceived that |

his legs were thin, his chest narrow, that he

teetered precariously upon his small feet, and |

that, standing on the stairs and looking down
upon him, she could see that he was getting
bald. His horse threw him ata fox hunt, and

he was killed, and Bettina married his cousin |

and heir,a much better man, according to all
that persons who have hearts in their bosoms
mustthink. We noticethat Bettina twice felt
“for the first time’ that she was in her proper
element—once on page 17, where ashe finds her
self ina London house whose "furnishing and
decorations represented not only the accumu-
lated wealth, but also the accumulated taste
and opportunity of many successive genera-
tions,’ and onea on page 38, where she
rides in a brougham “on padded cushions
fiom which emanated a delicious odor of fine
leather,” and in which, when she f- It curious
asto the time, she discovered a “smal! clock
neatly encased in the leather upholstering, and
evidently wound up and going.” On page 17
the exact phrase is: “She felt forthe firat time
that she was in her proper element,”’ and on
page 38 the exact phrase is: “Bettina felt that,
for the first time in her life, she was in her
proper element.”
went an unnecessarily long way in order to
make herself acquainted with these pleasant
and convenient matters. In New York, and in
other American cities as wall, she might have
found broughams with clocks jin them,
and bric-A-brac shops verflowing with
spoils of English fine houses, including
heavy Sheffield plate teuketties with lids
moet beautifully adjusted, But the aim of

the story is to show how she came l/abori- |

ously and slowly into the possession of

knowledge. To the end the puzzle remains
asto why there should have been so sudden
a cessation of her influence upon her first
husband, the bachelor of #2.
flawin the charm which she exercised. She
spoke with an American accent, but her roice
was liké a chime of gold and siiver bells. It is
particularly recorded that she was clever and
sald things which were worth while. Her
dresses fitted perfectly and the cold lapse and
calm detachment of her first husband is very
likely something not to be explained

A collection of stories by Mary FE. Wilkins is
published by Harper & Brothers. In the first
of these, “The Love of Parson Lord,” from
which the volume takes its ti'le, we have an
account of a New England minister's daughter
who was obedient and meek indeed. She
wrieved for a doll, an unworthy performance
asa work of art, an object ridiculous as an
imitation, about which she had fibbed and
which wastaken away from her as a punish-
ment, When it came toa question of love and
marriage, matters with this child were much
the same as they had been in the case of the
doll, The Puritan conscience is the con-
bpicuous thing in the story. This conscience
\s circumvented in an ingenious manner, and
the tale ends in a sort of modified
happiness, sufficient probably for strict New
England requirements, “The Tree of Know!-
edge” isa bolderstory. Here a housebreaker
is overcome by the power of a girl’s innocence,
reforms, rises toa distinguished public office
and marries the girl. The description in these
tales, as in all of Miss Wilkins's work, is clever,
delicate, nicely measured, nicely imaginative,
wud charming. Humor relieves the serious-
ness of it. Itis something of a shock to read,
on page @, that “poor little Love seemed to al-
most see the lapping of the inferna! fires
around her;” we had not supposed that Miss
Wilkins was capable of splitting the infinitive.
There are five stories in the book, and they are
all very good to read

“Geber,” by Kate A. Benton (Frederick A
Stokes Company) is a tale of the reign of Ha-
roun al Raschid. Geber, the great physician of
‘Tarsus, here cures the wife of Haroun of a
singularailment, Her arm stuck obstinately
outat right angles to her body, and it was be-
yond the power of any of Haroun’s court phy-
sicians to move It. Geber gave the Queena
shock, employing a great rudeness for the pur-
pose, and the arm crime down of itself. Here
is @ minute picture of Harown’s court, and itis
all highly interesting. A readable historical
story, with plenty of imagination thrown in

Capt. Diepbe, who gives his name to Mr, An-
thony Hope’s latest story (Doubleday &
MeClure Co.), ia one of those devil-may-care
fighting blades that flourish so plentifully in
the pages of romantic fiction, and his adven-
tures are as entertaining as those of most of
this autNor’s heroes. He isa cheerful chap aud
he takes good or evil chances with equal grace
With fifty francs in his pocket and hi
wardrobe in a knapsack on his back, he baits
for shelter from the rain beneaththe porch of a
lordly castle, is invited to enter, and philosoph-
{cally settles down to his adventurous career,
A polive agent, a pretty woman, a bold, bad
villain and a beautiful countess who has been
indiscreet enough to become compromisingly
involved with a blackmailer provide him with
employment for his courage and his ingenuity
and they certaiuly keep him busy, He makes

Share

Jove to the pretty woman, has a_ fight
or two, swims w river anu hides under
a bele of hay, and he does it all,

as the eporting gentlemen say, without turn-
ing ahair. He is always spick aud span and at
his ease, and never seems to need a clean
shirt og a clothesbrush; and as for the young
woman, she is a8 beautiful and as witty as her
charming predecessors. Best of all, the story
is not dsawn out unduly. Itis short, interest-
ing and gracefully written, What more can an
easily amused reader ask for?

A number of rattling good short stories are
told by Mr. Frank H. Spearman, under the
title of."The Nerve of Foley, and Other Rail-
road Stories.” (Harper & Krothers.) The
**ere that is here celebrated was of a psychic
rather than a physiological quality. It was
not the sort of nerve that conveys to a man's
brain the unwelcome intelligence that he has
the toothache or atwinge of the gout, but
rather that subtle quality of mind that makes
him cool and Indifferent in the presence of the
Greatest danger. It was this particular nerve
that enabled Foley to hold at bay a gang of
riotous strikers when they tried to interfere
with him in the performance of his duty, The
engineers had gone on a strike and Foley yol-
unteered to take out the big passenger ex.
press, A crowd of strikers swarmed around
tne engine and tried to interfere, “Look here,
Partner,” said the ringleader, “you don't want
to take this train out, do you? You wouldn't
beat | onest workingmen out of a job?”

“I'm not beating anybody out of @ job.
Want to take out this train, take it out,
get out of this cab

Cameron was nonplugsed, Nicholson, a surly
brute, raised his fst menacinyly.

“See here, boss,’ he growled, ‘we won't stand no
@cabs on this line.’

“Get outof this cab,

If yon
If you don't,

“TH promise you you'll never get out of it alive, |

my buck, if you ever get into it again,” cried
Cameron, swinging down, Nicholson followed,
muttering angrily. I hoped we were out of the
@erape, Dut, to my consternation, Foley, picking up
Bip oilcan, got right down behind them, and began

‘

It must Se said that Bettina |

There was no |

 

 

 

| graphs, including some

 

 

 

13

filling bis cups without the least attention to any>
body.

Nicholson sprang on him like a tiger, The on-
slaught was so sudden that they had him under
their fect ina minute, He squirmed ont like a cat,
and backed instantly up against the tender,

“One at atime, and come on,” he cried, hotly.
“If it’s ten to one, and on a man’s back at fat, we'll
doit different,” Witha quick, peculiar movementof

bisarm he drew a pistol, and, pointing it squarely |

at Cameron, oried, ‘Get back!"’

Cameron “got back,” and 0 too did the rest
of the crowd, and thetrain went out all right.
It was afterward discovered that the pistol

| that Foley drew was not a pistol, buta plug of

tobacco, The moral effect, however, was the
same, an! it was the nerve that did the trick,
In “Twelve Notable Good Women of the
XIXth Century” (E. P. Dutton & Co.) Rosa
Nouchette Carey briefly tells the life stories of
a dozen women of our time who have earned
the leve and admiration of the world. First
in tha author's list is Queen Victoria, and she
is fol.owed by saintly Elizabeth Fry, the angel
of the English prisons of the early years of the
century, when Newgate was a hel! upon earth,
and when women as well as men were hanged
for what are now regarded as comparatively
trifling offences. The Baroness Burdett-
Coutts is written of for her splendid and un-
obtrusive deeds of philanthropy as “The
Friend of the Poor;” the Princess of Wales,
the Princess Alice and the Duchess of Teck are
set down as representative of a high type
of modern womanhood and as illustrious by
reason of their charity und their mapy
virtues, public as well as private; while Flor-
ence Nightingale, Dorothy lattison ("Sister
Dora”), Agnes Weston and Grace Darling stand

as representative of noble heroism and woman. ,

ly love and self-sacrifies, Lady Henry Somer-
set is eulogized for her work in the cause of
temperance and Frances Ridley Havergal, the
last of the twelve, for her life consecrated to
religious uses. The volume is illustrated with
twelve portraits,

The Macmillaus publish in two substantial |
Thomas |

volumes "Le Morte Darthur. Sir
Malory’s Book of King Arthurand of His Noble
Knights of the Round Table.” The present
edition is based on that of Sir Edward Stra-
chey of 1888, It is in modern spelling, but in
other respeets is in accurate accordance with
Caxton's text as represented in Dr. Oskar
Sommer'’s page-for-page reprint issued last
year. A glossary and index are added,

A handsome volume imported by the Serib- | |. : : eae ,
, information invaluable to professiona’ a

REMEMBER, the above feitures appear ONLY in this unsuspassed
SUBSCRIPTION EDITION of the Funk & Waena'ls

ners is “Fifteen Years’ Sport and Life inthe
Hunting Grounds of Western America and
3ritish Columbia,” by Mr. W. A. Baitiie-Grohe
man The book js illustrated with three spe-
clally prepared maps of the northwest coast of
the United States, British Columbia and the
Kootenay
of the best trophies of
North American big game killed by English
and American sportsmen, with a table of meas-
urements and notes

We have

“The House ot Martha.” ‘'Pomona's Travels,”
Vols. VIL and VIIL The Novels and Tales of
Frank RK. Stockton. (Seribners.

“Lying Prophets,” anovel, Eden Phillpotts.
Stokes

“Charles A, Barry,
James 8. Drummond.

“George Buchanan,” by Robert
“Puinous Scots” Series, (Scribners

“A Tlistorvof Spain, From the Earliest Times
to the Death of Ferdinand the Catholic.” Ulick
Ralph Burke, M.A, Second edition, with notes
and an introduction, By Martin A, 8. Hume,
in 2 vols. Vol. 1. (Longmans, Green & Co,)

“The Dominion of Canada, with Newfound.
land and an Excursion to Alaska Handbook
for Travellers. By Karl Baedeker. With ten
maps and seven plans. Second revised edition,
Seribners

“With a Palette in Eastern Palaces.” FE. M.
Merrick. Illustrated. (Seribners.)

“Legends of the Bastille.” Frantz Funck-
Lrentano, with an introduction by Victorien
Sardou. Authorized translation by George
Maidmert. Seribners.)

ilso received

D. Db. A Memotr,” by
Cassel] & Co.

Wallace.

WILL INSIST ON FIREPROOF SHAITS,

Fast Side Fatal Fires Stir Up the Fire Mar-
shal-Not Sure About Firebugs,

Tire Marshal Peter Seery summoned to his
office yesterday a dozen of the peop'e who live
in the East Side tenement houses where sus-
picious fires occurred after midnight on
Wednesday, and in one of which three children
were burned to death. Mr. Seery questioned
the people as to their Knowledge of the origin
of the fires, and a stenographer took down the
intormation they were able to give, The Fie
Marshal declined to make public the informa-
tion he had received, but declared that he was
notsatisfied that the fires were of incendiary
origin. Later he sent ont his deputies to ex-
amine dumbwaitter and airshafts in all the
houses between. First, Second and Third
avenues and the Harlem River, and to note all
those not lined with fireproofing material, The
owners of all these houses will be ordered to
make the shafts in their houses flreproof,

WILL ERECT NEW HOSPITAL,

French Benevolent Society Plans to Spend
$100,00),

The Board of Managers of the French Benev-
olent Society has decided to ereet anew hos-

pita! building to take the place of the one
which the society now conducts, The new
hospital building and the site will coat

$400,000 and the funds required for the pur-
pose are to be raised by subscription, The sum
of $200,000 has already been subseribed,

The present hospital of the soclety was es.
tublished in ISS81. It contains only seventy
beds and twelve private rooms The capacity
ofthe building whitch it is proposed to erect
wil! be 150 bede and twenty-five private rooms
besides sun parlors for convalescents and an
up-to-date dispensary, Cheeks to aid the
work of the hospital should be made to the

 

order of Frederic R. Coudert, Jr, Treasurer,
ov Henry Maillard, Jr., Presiden
CLAUMS! CLAIMS! CLAIMS!

Another Load Dumped in the Comptroller's
Office Vesterday,

Claims amounting to $74,363.87 under the
prevailing rate of wages law were filed in the
Comptroller's office yveaterday, Of these $63,-
516 were filed by A. J. Lusk as assignee, Lusk
isa hostler in the Street Cleaning Department,
and the claims come from the laborers in that
department. The total of such claims to date
is 33,235, 540.87, ;

Comptroller Coler received from the Law De-
partment yesterday transcripts of seventy con-
fessed judgments under the Labor law, the
total of which was $15,562.74. These will be
paid out of the judgment fund

 

Universalist Revival Meetings in Brooklyn,

The Universalist ministers of Brooklyn have
arrangod for a seriesof important services to
be held intheir churches during the Lenten
season, The services will begin to-morrow
evening, when each pastor will preach a sermon
which will give a phase of the Universalist be-
liefand answer questions that have not been
popularly understood During the season

there will be an interchange of pulpits among |

the pastors and in addition to the services
meetings will be hel! in the churches on Wed.
nesday nights. Each meeting will be attended
by all the ministers, each of whom will make
an address on a specially assigned subject,
The flrat of these meetings will be held on
Wednesday next in All Suuls’ Chureh, South
Ninth street, near Bedford avenue,

Van Hoesen Resigns Froin School Board,

Ex-Judgs George M. Van Hoesen has re-
signed from the Schoo! Roard for Manhattan
and The Bronx, thus creating avacancy in the

Board of Education, and inanumber of im-
portant committees. Mr, Van Hoesen gives as

hia reason for retiring, his inability to devote |

aa muchtime to the schools as he wished to,
Mayor Van Wyck will appoint his successor on
the School Board

eee gpaeneneennenae
Friends of the Canala to Meet on March 14,

The Canal Committee of the New York
Produce Exchange has called a conference of
all the commercial bodies of this city at the
Exchange on March 14 to discuss the bills that
are being prepared by the State Canal Com-
mittee, of which Gen, F. V, Greene ischairman,
and to consider means of carrying oat the
recommendations of that committee for the
improvement of the canals,

Three New Street Cleaning Superintendents,
Deputy Street Cleantng Commissioner
Patrick Quinn of the borough of Brooklyn has
pointed the following suserintendenta in the
Bo rtiment f salaries or Uaes bs: Joseph
navao, John F. Cerroll and P. J. Cunning-
am,

 
 

district, and & number of photo. |

  
 

Ann nme, RA et Le ai

ew Publications.

BY ORDER OF HER IMPERIAL MAJESTY
SIR ARTHUR BIGGE [Private Secretary to the Queen] writes, London, Jan. 26, 1900:

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1900.
| Bew Pudlications. |

AAPL AL

 

  

SSS SS SS SS Om

 

Rew Publications, a

Majesty has given directions that a set of the Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary 1900 edition may be pur-

chased for the Royal Library at Windsor, and Sir Arthur Bigge would therefore request that you would be

good enough to forward the volumes addressed to his care at Buckingham Palace, together with an account

for the same.”’

THE FUNK & WACNALLS

Standard Dictionar

Subscription
~ Eon

THE SUBSCRIPTION EDITION OF THIS AMERICAN WORK IS SOLD ONLY BY
AGENTS OR BY THE PUBLISHERS DIRECT. SENT FREE FOR EXAMINATION

ihe exceptional value of the SUBSCRIPTION EDITION consi-ts in
that IT IS THE ONLY EDITION that contains the following features:

|
work-—the language is growing daily.

(1) It has THOUSANDS of NEW DEFINITIONS in th: body of the

(2) It has THOUSANDS of NEW WORDS—many of these in the boty |

of the work, and others in th: Appendix.

|
| 3) It is UP TO DATE,
|

PLATES iliustrative of definitions, as,

(4) It has MANY ADDITIONAL and

cost'y full-page COLORED
Grains of Woods, Butterflies, etc., ete.

| These colors are reproduced with wonderful fide ity

up-to-date atlas of the world.
(6) THE REVISION OF THI

the geographical changes mi the preg ess of the world made snee the Chiro- |
Japanese, Purko-Greeiin, and Spanis.-
(7) It has a pitented UNIVERSAL

(5) It has EIGHTY-EIGHT FULL-PAGE MAPS, making a comp!et: and

ENCYCLOPEDIC mitter includes all

American wars.

CALENDAR —exce dugiy ingen ous

| iijustra ing the word “calendar,” and of permanent value.

| Besides

|
Standard

TENS OF THOUSANDS

OF ENCYCLOPEDIC
ni business men.

Dictionary

[his Subscription Edition is bound only in Half Russia, Full Rusa, or

Full Morocco, and every copy has on the outside cover in gold the words

“SUBSCRIPTION EDITION”

[hese words mark only the latest,

Jullest and BEST.

ep? This is a NEW DICTIONARY from cover to cover embodying
/;many NEW PRINCIPLES in lexicography--EXCELLING ALL OTHERS
IN MANY ESSENTIAL FEATURES."@a&

It cost, inelusive of the cost of the present revision for 1900, over
ONE MILLION dollars—costing more than any other literary work in any

|age and in any language.

FREE FOR EXAMINATION:

EE

FUNK & WAGHALLS GO., 30 Laf

KANSAS INSURANCE RAIDS,

 

About $25,000 Paid in Six Years by the
Companies for Examinations,

Toreka, Kan., March 2.- Examinations of
insurance companies by the Kansas Insurance
Department come high. The companies re-
port that they have paid in the laat six years
about $25,000, Itis said that McNall’s agents
got more than half of this sum in less than two
years,

ED
MaARARIBD.
SIMMONS—WENTZ.—On Oct, 5, 1800, Miss

Theodora Wentz to Mr. William A, Simmons, Jr.

pDrImpD.

BARTHOLOMEW.—On Thursday, March 1.
1900, of pneumonia at his residence, 31 Fifth
av,, George Frederick, son of Zelina Ripley ani
George Ward Bartholomew, inthe 27th year of
lis age.

Fun: ralat St. Georze's Church, Stuy vesant 6.,uare,
Sunday, March 4, 1900, at 2:30 BP. M. Boston
and Hartford papers please cop)

BATE. -At the Dakota, the resilence of his
father, March 2, 100, Charles F. Bates, son of
C. Francis Hates

Purial at Mount Anburn,

BEEBE, —0u Thursday, March 1,
Edwin Beebe, M_ D., youngest son of the lute
William J, Beebe

Funeral services will be held at his lat» residence,
i Weat 87th at,
100, at 5 o'elock

of the family

1y00, Clarence

Interment at the conven

tence

   

Vereaase OF Tak SkVENtH RroimeNt,—An
nouncement ie made, with deep rezet, of the
eath of our esteemed comrade, Clarence E
Beebe, MD. Ninth Co Assistant Sarseon ¢
this organi at Menbers are requested to @
tena his funeral services at i West Thirty sey
enth street on Saturday afternoon at do ccoes

fHOMAS DIMOND, Colonel

Howmeoratat) Mapic al SoccktTy oF THE COUNTY OF

New York. —Members are invited to attend the

fuoeral of their honored lat

Edwin Beebe, M. D., at his late residence, 3 West
U7th st., on Saturday afternoon at fh o'e.o k

FRANK H. BOYNTON, M.D, President

J. PERRY SEWARD, M. D,, Secretary.

BOSSANGE,—Suldenly, on Friday

March 2, 1900, at his late residence, 102 West

Fifty seventh st., Gustave P. Boasange, to his

Hath year.
Funeral private, Interment at Mount Xuburn

Cemetery, Cambridze, Mags,

DUFF,—On Thursday, March 1, 1900, at the resi
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Augustin Daly, 14
Wost 50th st., Mary Duff, widow of the late John
A. Dudl, in ber /#th seam

urday morving, March 8, 100, at 10 o'clock,
LAMB,—On Thursday, March 1, 1900, William
Lamb, aged 81 years

 

f ov bis lute residence, 122 West Twentieth at,

on Monday, March 5, 1000, at :30 A. M., to St.

Francis Xavier's Church, wherea solemn requiem

maas will be offered,

RITTENHOUSE, —On Feb 24, 1900, at Denver,
Col, Charlea T, Rittenhouse, eldest son of M.
and R. L, Rittenhouse,

Funeral services at late residence, 247 West 138th
st, Saturday evening 4 o'clock,
convenience of family

SCHENCK,—On Thureday, March 1, 100, at
Hackettstown, N. J., George H. Schenck, aged 67
seara,

Funeral on Sunday, March 4, 1990, at4:30 P.M,

| Flizabeth, N. J., papers please copy

| WARD.—on Friday, March 2, 1900, Raymond Lee

Ward, aged 61 years.

Notice of funeral hereafter,

WOOD,—On Thursday, March 1, 1900, Frederick

R. Wood, in the 75th year of his age.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend tho
funeral services at his late residence, 00 Weet
Eighty-second at.,0n Sunday afternoon at half
past4 o'clock, Interment at Woodlawn at con-
venience of family.

| cer KENSICO CEMPTFERY. Private station, Har.
| lem Katlroad, 43 minutes’ ride from the Grand
Central Depot. Office, 16 East 42d at,

| — SEED
___ Special Botices,
oft B RRR eliza Pa

, the best eure for corns. 16 cts,

 

Nee een oe

 

Saturday afternoon, March 3, |

associate, Clarence |

morning, |

Funeral from +t. Francia Xaviers Chureh on Sat- |

Relatives and friendaare invited to attend funeral |

Interment at |

AMERICAN YOUNG WOMEN IN-
PARIS. |

 

 

A meeting will be held at Sherry's, 44th St, and
Sth Av..on Monday, March Sth, 2:30 P. M., when
the Archbishop of Ontario and Mrs. Travers Lewis
will givean account of the British and American
Homes founde!l by Miss Ada Leigh in Pare for
respe table English-speaking wirls without distine-
tion of creed

the Very Reverend Dean Hoffman will preside,
supported by the Right Reverend Bishop Worthing
| ton. D. D,, the Reverend Doctors Morgan Dix, W
8. Rainsford, David H. Greer, J. Wesley Brown, W
H. Vibbert, J. Parker Morgan, W. M, Grosvenor and
other frienda,

A cordial invitation is given to those interested in |
the work,

REV. DR. TALMAGE
WILL PREACH AT THE COLLEGIATE CHURCH,
Cor. Fifth ay, and Twenty-ninth st.,
DR. DP. J, BURRELL, PASTOR,
TO-MORROW MORNING AT KLEVEN O CLOCK

( ‘HURCH OF THE MESSIAH, 34th st, cor, Park ay
Service at 11 A M. Rev, Robert Collyer will
‘Martinean sunday Sehool at

preach, Suijert
look i avel. KEntronce Pack a ALL are

In o'closk i C
cordially insite |
[OLISE DU SAINT FSPRIT 30

4 servives re'idens le dimane
ma@tinetashdusoir, Rev. AS

( ‘RACE CHURCH, Broad way, corner Loth st.
J Holy Communion, 8 A. M.
Farly Moroing Prayer and Sermon, 4.0’ lock
Later Evensong, § o'clock
All wittinys free
I ON BIRDS. COLER, Comptroller, will address
the Brooklyn Philosoph.eal Assoc ation. I

Rne Ouest
~ 1Oh ' da
Wittmeyer, Recteu

2%
22¢
Ng

ne
Island Bosiness Colley sonth wil st. betwees
Bedfo.dand Dei g av 8, Brooklyn, Sundoy, March
dat’iueM S vet the City of Naw ¥ ‘
Discnes ons will folos the lecture, Platform tree,
All interested aoe tnvited
wT STREAEN'S Toausfyuration Chape 14
' Weet rive te—Resy than A. Seas) SA. M
Holy Comunnion: FEA) Mo mornng seeviee, Ser

mou» d Holy Communion: 4PM, Choral Serv

with The Pilgrim's Progress

(PEMPLY EMAN!-EL, Sthay and 44d st. Sunday,
130A. ML, De. Joseph Silverman lectures on

John Ruskin, "A Modern Prophit” All welcome

 

| Rew Publications.

THE INIMITABLE
HERR

DINKELSPIEL

Makes his appearance to-diy
at all bookstores. You can
take him home with you for
$1.25. perhaps less if your
bookseller allows vou a dis-
count.

Read his description of the
day he played golf with the

| President.

'@ GEORGE V. HOBART,
| AUTHOR.

F. OPPER,
| ARTIST.

Both of Them Crackajacks,

An exceptionally good novel by
ANDREW BALFOUR
will be published March 15,

VENGEANCE ISIINE.

Frontispiece in colors and j!lus-
trations in half tone.
Beautifully bound, #1.5@,

NEW AMSTERDAM BOOK CO.

154-158 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, |

 

ae tes tn ee

ITEMS of |

DEA

 

Universally Recognized as
the Standard.

A Few of the Many Eminent Europeans
| who have Secured within 00 Pays Coples
ot the Greatly Improved Edition for
POcotthie Famous American Work,

“Who reads en Ameriean book?"
Jd nburgh Rev ew 40 years ago

| HERIMFER AL MAJESTY, THE QUEEN.
| H.R. HW. THE PAINC: OF WALES.
PRESIDENT LCUZET,

of France

QUEEN REG:N7T,

spain

PRES'DENT OF THE SWi83 CONFEDERACY

KIN® LEOPOLDO,
f Belen,
ABDUL PAMID MN,

FIELD MAR HAL L°RD WOLSELCY,
Comtnatil roaetua dof GL. M. Frees
FIELD MARSHAL LORY ROBERTS,
LORD KITCHENER.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN,

stop of Weetniinet sr,

NF. W FARRAR,

f Canterbury

THE MAR IUIS OF LANSDO'NE,
RT. REV. MANDELL CREIGHTON, D.D,,

Bisnopot Londoa
REV, EDWARD WARE, D.D.,
Hecdmaster E:on Colleg:, Won teor,

SIR WALTER BESANT.
WILSON BARRETT,
a

Lsceam Theatre, London.
Wark Twain quaintly writes (Le
Hneetthe Kdition for Toe

ndon, Feb
“Dn my experi-

en hive found tat one ean do without
principoes butnho’ without the Punk & Wag
| nails Standard Dietionary,”

The Saturday Review, London. “In enh.
atantial merit we think the Stanpannp Dice
TIONAKY decided/y preferable to he niach-advurt.
freed Century.”

New Vork Herild “Tt is a triumph in
the art of publicat It is the wot
satisfactory and mos! complete diedivnary yet

The standard, (oon jon
be odious, but when a work of reference is eon-
‘ernedd they are inevitable, The STANDARD
Drerronary, in its wealth of voeubulary, /eares
even the Century fav behind: and wot only in

) Ccomprehensiveness, but in exuctitude ofaefini

tion its merits are unquestionable,

A copy of this notable Subscription Edition of the Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dictionary will be forwarded free for
examination. Terms within easy reach of all, Deseriptive circulars senton application. Telephone 11gG Spring oraddress

ayette Pl., NEW YORK, Publishers of Hiph-Glass Reference Books,

| os ‘Religious Aotires.

 

  

BOGKS BY AMERICAN AUTHORS
GEBER

A Tale of
Harun
the Khalif

KATE A.

 

  
 

 

A Splendid
Romance.

It paints a true and
Vivid picture of Harun
and his court at the

 
   
       
   
   
  
  
  

ees time of the Arabian
91.50, LL osteAtd, Nights,

  
 

   
 

An Instant
Success.

THE
CAMBRIC
MASK

   

A bright story of life
in Northern New York

        
    

in which the White ROBERT W.
Capstigure Dramatic CHAMBERS,

     
 
  
  
    
      
  

Cloth,

and full of action, 1.80 Cartenta

The The fast work of
a genius.
miner A literary legacy.

AS a study of char-

 

HAROLD acter it is supreme.
FREDERIC. [thas no equal as
tiluatrnten a@ romance of the
15 ; Tonal, city

|
|

BOI4S BY ENGLISH AUTHAAS
“Viti” THE LIGHT
SCARTHEY

A darinly im.
EGERTON

aginative concep.

ti fhe poetr

ion The poetry “CASTLE.
12mo, Cloth, $1.50,

and dream of pas-
sion are in it, ecmieaile:

LYING
PRUPHETS

   
   
 

   
         
       
     
 

 
  

Worthy of
George Eliot.

A romance by the
FDEN author of * THE CHIL-
PHILLPOTTS, DLREN OF THE MIST,”
$1.50, A powerful story of
contemporary life,

THE MINX

MRS,
MANNINGTON
CAFFYN (lota)

12 mo, Cloth,
$1.50, postpaid.

 
      

12 mo, C’oth,
postpaid,

          
 

A novel without
a villain.

This will appeal to
all lovers of the highest
literary workmanship,
The style witty,
graceful, convincing,

         

is

      
    
  
  
  

    

1¢ all booksellers,

Frederick A. Stokes Company,

5 & 7, East 16th St., New York,
a Y

OOKS—All out of-print books supp tie: ‘
B teron what subject, Write me cotian eet
wanted. I can vet you any book ever published.
When in England call and inapect my stock of 50,-
ooo rare books BAKER'S GREAT BOOKSHOP, Bir |

     

mingham, England,

"IPLING'S RECESSIONAL AND ; ,
booklet form. Price, 10 cents BOBS, 1 vol
GODFREY A. 8 WIENERS
662 ith av., New York
ROOK Lares, chotee collection old books, paper
novels, magazines; exceptionally low prices
O'BHEA, 1644 Broadway (47th

DARE BUOKA, AUTOGRAPHS a
GODFREY A. 4, WIKNERS, os ont}

50" tielding’s “Tom Jones," Voltatre’s Candide,
Voluey'e “Reins,” Rouneau's “Social Cou
ware" Pharr, 101 stb ar,

ee ee

———

|

‘Comparisons may

   

  

————

; Rew Publications.

|

touches of social satire.”

By JULIA MAGRUDER.

   

(26RD SR

Lanse

 

 

   

900000000

 

   

Some Very Successful Novels

 

“* It is the novel of the hour.’ —CHICAGO EVENING Post.

RED POTTAGE

By MARY CHOLMONDELEY, is now in its 36th Thousand in England and 45th
Thousand in America, and its sales grow larger every day.
according to the DIAL, “a book which engages the closest attention,” but it is
also “enlivened to a notable degree with flashes of quiet humor, and gentle

POST BVO, CLOTH, $1.50,

The Danvers Jewels
and Sir Charles Danvers

Two stirring romantic stories by the author of “Red Pottage.”
with "Red Pottage” probably will read, and all others certainly could read, to
advantage these most fascinating tales.

IN ONE VOLUME, 8VO, CLOTH, $1.00,

MANIFEST DESTINY

Though the daily sales of this novel do not approach
those of “Red Pottage,” they are very large when one takes into account the
fact that the novel has been out only two weeks,
that skilful execution which enables its author, as the LONDON SATURDAY REVIEW
recently pointed out, to take rank among the foremost masters of American fiction,

POST 8VO, CLOTH, $1.25.

HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK

ALSO FUBLISHERS OF “BRITON AND BOER” AND “KIT KENNEDY.”

PUBLISHED TWO WEEKS

85th Thousand
| TO HAVE AND TO HOLD

By MARY JOHNSTON

Author of “Prisoners of Hope.” Crown, 8vo, $1.50.

 

The New York Times Saturday Review says—

| “There is nothing possible but unstinted praise for
u hook of qualities as unique as they are admirable,
Original in plot, thrilling in its situations, strong and
sweet in ite character drawing, vital with noble emotion,
perfect in style, ‘To Have and To Hold’ compels a
hreathless intercat from its first page to ita last, and ia
remembered ax oue remembers an uplifting vision of the

mountains or the salt breath of the sea,”

SOLD BY ALL BOOKSELLERS, SENT, POSTPAID, BY

HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN j& CO., BOSTON

11 East 17th Street, New York

   

Rew Publicutions,

Ln

     

It is not only,

       
    

People familiar

      
   
     
    

It isan excellent example of

        
   
 
 
    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
  

    
 

 

Now Ready.

By Albert Stickney. 8vo, cloth, $1.50.

DODD, NEAD & COMPANY take pleasure in announcing that
Mr, Stickney’s remarkable book onthe War with the Boers is now
ready and for sale at the booksellers’.
(in the light of events, almost prophetically) the great questions of
the war, and the paper froma military and political standpoint is
full of the keenest discrimination and interest.
political aspect of the struggle, the causes that gave rise to it, the
military predicament of the British, and predicts the probable con-
His deductions, it may be stated, are in favor of

clusion of the war.

A NEW BOOK ON THE BOER WAR.

The Transvaal Outlook

The author has considered

He considers the

the Boers, and the leaning to their side is perhaps greater than in

that of any work heretofore published in America.
doubly valuable by the addition of colored maps made expressly for

3

the work.

The book is made

Dodd, Mead & Co., New York.

 

 

Te Writing Cable of the Cwentieth Century

 

BEING AN ACCOUNT OF

AND

ESTABLISHED FORM

HE

RALDRY, ART, ENGRAVING

FOR THE CORRESPONDENT

“BY FB, SCHUYLER MATHEWS:

THREE
AUTHOR AND
OF MORE

WITH OVER
TRATIONS BY
HERALDIC BLAZONRY

Play

HUNDRED JILL'S

Witt
THAN

FIVE HUNDRED COLONIAL AMERICAN

FAMILIES : pets
BRENTANO'S

 

Another litthke gem from
ANNIE ELIOT TRUMBULL

entitles

An Hour’s Promise

This time instead of a New Fogland maiden it
“altamera Claytou of Embree, Georgia,”
chants us Mies Trumbull possesses
quickness, aod acuteness of mind which make ca
tul narrative and tine de eriptions of nature.”

“Mae Vrumbull is blessed by a most delightf
and unpretentious gift of story telling.
siguests a twilight musician. aie

dainty humor in her touch, Tas Cir zen,

nversations are at times almost gi oer
mu

igh Such talk as one hears gy

Me
naturally be
toond cultivated American women

wittr, !
talk notable for ins got, subtle diserimination, n
expected at d surprised terms, and persuasive b
n Outlook,

wy
“Her nandling of the persons of her imaginal)
ts exquisite.’ Mar ford Post, «

An Hour’s Promise ':’

By ANNIE ELIOT TRUMBULL.

of “Mistress Content Gradock,”
Cape Cod Week,” &c., &c.
16mo. Cloth, Price, 1.00,

Author

1 vol.

*,* For sale by all booksellers, or sent, postpaid,

on receipt of price by the publishers

A. S. Barnes & Co.
156 Fifth Ave, N.Y.

es

 

who en
*keeunes

Her work
has & certain

|

|
|
is |

a!

| po medicine whatever

| the

|

ELEGANTLY PRINTED AND
BOUND AFTER AN ARTISTIC
DESIUN BY THE AUTHOR: : 33
samo, CLOTH, Net, + + © + $nge

: NEW YOR

MR. CLEVELAND IN GOOD HEALTA,

 

He Will Go South on a Pleasure Excursion
in a Few Days,

Princeton, \. J., March 2.~—A report of the

serious i\Iness of Grover Cleveland is absolutely

untrue, When questioned in regard to it Dr.

| James H. Wiekhoff, Mr Cleveland s physician,
| &aid

“Mr. Cleveland suffered from an attack
of rheumatic gout obout two months ago,
which was by no means sever’, He has been
subsect to this complaint, I believe, ior about
fifteen veors, When he left on a hunting ex-
cursion inthe South last January, he had en-
tirely recovered, but while he was in South
Carolipa be irritared the sore foot by wearing
a cowhide boot and thia has been the extent of
his reported filness. Since returning home he
een upand aboutand at present is taking
Mr. Cleveland ia not
vod has shown no symptons of any
nie lise He will leave Princeton in a
few dave with a party of friends from New
York on a pleasure excursion in the South,”
Mv. Cleveland was found this morning sitting
obostbrary, He said the reports were un-
true reply tothe query, OM you given
pthecdeqof leetaurtpg before ie atudents of
university th s year, he sad: “The dates
of the lectures havea not been Axed yet, but I
expect to deliver them before the end of the
preseut avhoo! year.” Lt was learne! from one
of ‘Tr Cleveland's friends here that he has
already Written one lecture, The seection of
the dates was le{tty Mr. Cleveland, but it w
pou htone would be velivered some time in
farch. The aubdjects of bie lectures have aes

Bick

| been annuunced,