THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Fair, continued ¢ool to-day and to-
morrow; moderate north winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 69; lowest, 54.
Detailed weather raports on page 7.

 

      

 

nanecinmnensins esceeneuienee
. ne ae

ONDAY,

SEPTEMBER 10,

 

 

 

NEW YORK,

 

 

 

 

++

 

 

 

’DUTCH VESSELS MAY
BE COMMANDEERED

— CONSUMPTION MAN
TAXES LIKELY “ocer seb. delse Agree
0 BE KILLED.

FEARING FAMINE “Give FRENCH DECORA TION

QUITPETROGRAD

 

 

Special Despatch to Tue Sux.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—Advocacy on
the part of certain Government officials
of seizure of the Dutch merchant ships

of Enemy Which Cost His Life—More

 

 

 

 

e
= jin American ports, due to the failure to | New Yorkers on List.
Hostility to This Section of the aisosition of thelr cargoes andthe |Capital in No. Peril. Say
OS Se , the disposition of their cargoes and the; Capita n No er ay |
j ; ‘ jtrade in which the ships shall engage in I I, ay | Paris, Sept. % Twenty-three Amerl-) R. H. Bayard Bowie, Philadelphia;
Revenue Bill Develops 1 the future, is causing the greatest un- | Leaders Planning New jean Ambulance men have been decorated | William Agar, New York city; Joseph
| fae among the members of the , 8 =o * iby the French Government with the War | P. Kayes, Concord, Mase e
: ‘ | Dutch commission here to protest Seat 5 ‘Cross during the past week for thelr The citations recite the bravery o
m Senate, against the operations of the new export Administration. | work in the recent heavy fighting. They | the ambulance men under fire on various
| 1 y fs & ¥
ee embargo, They are, however, hopeful — jare: | oceasions, recording here and there the
of un agreement, | Robert J. Flynn, San Anselmo, Cal.; | destruction of their ambulances and re-
Pret Dicey i s } 7 y | ‘ ynn, § ! , +]
AARD BA ITLE EXPECTED) Hitches have arisen to the suggested CABINET FACES CRISIS Jenne Hann, Detroit; Roy Stockwell, | ferring to gas attacks through which
[lees arrangement by which portions of the | : New Kedford, Mass.; Russell Tahley,| they worked. The citation of Harmon
|

cargoes would be turned oyer to the Bel-
gian relief, in consideration of which
{this Government would permit the rest

Springfleld
York efty

Maes. ; James M. White, New
Richard M.
dale, N. Y.; William B. Gilmore, Cham-

B. Craig, who died in July, having been
wounded by a bursting shell, says:

  

j Chamber Will Pass $2.500,-

Atwater, Scars-

Land and Ukraine Policy Re-

 

 

 

{tt hi | “He was a very conscientious and cool

‘ 10 1e shipments, chiefly of grain, to hersbur Pa.; Ew MacIntyre, Brigh- | conductor, who, under all circumstances
seen Eee, , j ‘ ) ’ | : ‘ gc, Pa.; Ewen Ma yre, z ndu i '

000,000 Measure To day leon’ It was saic the Dutch had re-, sented—Rev olution Fetes ite Mass.; Oswald Chew, Philadelphia; | while under the enemy artillery fire gave

’ ’ _ (fused to put their ships on trade routes | Willlam Dock, St. Louis; Lansing M. | gave proofs of his devotion and his dis-

With Few Changes. | Which would be of vast help to this Gov- Cause Dread. | Payne, Durham, N. C.; Robert 8S. Para- | dain of danger, and showed, notably on

atnilelinichaletnainiarals fernment and its alfies in relieving the! i dise,, Gerard's Cross, England; C. E.| dune 28 and 29, the greatest energy

problem of getting wheat from Australia. 7 | Frazier Clark, Detroit; David Van, in accomplishing his duty along a road

Special Despatch to Tne Svs. | Because of the reported obduracy of PETROURAD, } Alstyne, Jr, Williamstown, Mass.; Har- | that had beén discovered and bombarded.

Sept. 9 — Authoritative
statements issued here dealing with the
loss of Riga say that, although compe-

the Dutch authorities there has been an
increasing sentiment in favor of taking
over the tonnage in American harbors

WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—By to-morrow
night the Senate will have passed the

'mon B. Craig, New York city; Berkeley
| Wheeler, Concord, Mass,; Theodore |
| Miles, Mount Carroll, Il; Lars Potters,

He was mortally wounded on July 15
by a bursting shell in front of his post
at a moment when he was attending to

|
war revenue bill which since early June and operating it for the benefit of the tent military authorities do not con-| Buffalo; Lloyd s. Celter, Brunswick, | the removal of wounded under a most
the Senators have been discussing either une - counter sentiment opposes sider Petrograd endangered, yet the ap-| Me-+ William Anderson, Evanston, Ill. ; ‘ violent fire.”
esting inciple MEE eee ee ee er eecemmnmieiiiiesti ie nani tic hawaii
in committee oF on the Senate floor, ‘The {esting the principles of International Frogs, of the war zone to the capital |= EES
bill provides for a gross levy of $2,500,- certain, however, that unless the Dutch Mecessitates decisive measures for the )
< 000,000, an increase of almost $700,000,- commission is able to bring about a S0¥ernment of the city. Therefore, a TTALTAN L E
000 above the amount intended to be de- Change of opinion drastic action will be nee administration will be formed.

taken to get the idle tonnage into ser- Nikitine, Minister of Posts and

rived by the proposed law when it was

 

\
Vice, Telegraph, who has been charged by the
first reportec from the committee. This policy, once it is adopted, will Govemment with the task of paitially
As the bill stands, the two major items apply to other neutrals as well. The evacuating the capital, in a statement
of the vast levy—the income tax in- Strtling revelations of Sweden's hand oe that the partial evacuation is j
: in glove relat i t ter soye due to the problem of the food supply
creases and the war profits tax pro- 4 elations with the German Gov t ¢ t snnaiaaslaaissinaase acne

rather than to any military menace.
The only result of the German advance, | All
he says, is further to complicate the *
food question. He advises that section |
lof the population not engaged in busi-
ness to leave the city in batches, and'
promises every facility for their depar-
‘ture

It is said that a majority of the Min-|

ernment have heightened this determina-
tion,

TOBACCO.BRINGS
JOY OVER THERE

visions—-will be accepted by the Senate
to-morrow exactly as they stand, On
these two titles of the bill the convine-
ing votes of Wednesday and Friday of
jast week made this statement a
tainty.

There remain in the measure provision

Capture Reported by Austrians
in Repelling Ten Attacks
on Monte San Gabrielle.

Conscientious Objectors |
Without Registration Cards

cer-

Get Federal Summons.

 

‘ , lev { malian isters are against removing the’ Gov-' ‘Phe Consclentious Objectors League Lonvon, Sept. 9.—Repulses of ten Ital-
for other levies of far smaller amounts ernment into the interior, first, because | met jast night and objected to the United | jan attacks on the northern and one on
which will total approximately $490,- Reptaedindnhaes they do not consider the capital endan-| states Government and the — war.! the western slope of Mont San ie a
000,000. On these questions the Senate T! aa VI gered, and second, pny ne might United States Marshal MeCarthy was eh pee ents ; it Pyeiont ae

\ ; “The Sun's’ Seeone ot Wi]] cause an unreasonable panic nN any present opportunely and objected to the | Statement: receiver Restor aes
will indulge in @ series of votes in the ot ill case, it is said, the Government will) objectors. As a result 259 of them will | ture of 18,000 troops and 500 officers
course of to-morrow’'s deliberations, , x

take no steps for six weeks. also is announced.

NO REST GIVEN FOE.

Soon End Soldiers’ Smoke ’ appear to-day as Government guests, un- |
less they find their missing registration
cards

At § o'clock Forward Hall at 175 Kast

Important in the list of questions yet
to be decidec is the provision for the
Application of a zone system of second

Another Cabinet Crisis,
Famine. A new Cabinet crisis has occurred as |

a result of the opposition of the Con-) Broadway w . 9 d | . , |
class mail rates as provided in the Me- a a stitutional Democratic Ministers to the | Waren GENIKURINE CH eiali ot (he Teel Ma ie chy tht sa blll dat
Kellar amendment. Under this provision Special Cable Despatch to Tar Svs food programme of M. Pieschehonoff,| organized league of anti-war advocates | Austrian Positions.
the Senate bill sets the present rate of AMERICAN ARMY CAMP IN) France, Minister of Supplies, and also the land | who denounced the Government, capital- | By W. K. McC LURE,
postage on second class matter exactly Sept. %—The long suspense is endec at Policy of M. Tchernoff, Minister of Agri-| jem, the ‘system’? and other vague | Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sen from the
where it stands to-day for zones of a last. Definite news has arrived that Culture, as well as to the attitude of 4) goejatistic bughears Less than two oe 1 fai Ti ;
maximum radius of 300 miles from the real American tobacco and lots of it will Majority of the Cabinet toward Ukraine | yours later a quarter of the number ; SEOROD eueeae
point of publication or at one cent per be here in two or three days. It is THE The Constitutional Demorrats de- were corralled in the sanmte room. by | LOO ReTID Rt) A CHE TB NTS peasant)
pound or a fraction thereof. SUN tobacco, the second instalment of aes “ Poeee pure ieuk, OF considera- Marshal McCarthy and his men, after | ITALIAN ARMY HEADQUARTERS, Sept 9

‘ the gift by the readers of THE SUN to bat oa . a eee S) Pee vios having failed to produce registration| —Gen. Capello's hammerlike strokes,
Where Rates Increase. ue boy 8 who are far from the land of Balai ey Saas Hh the. Mrifiatar | cards. In the end they were paroled to) upon the Austrian positions show no}
ez s 4 3 ‘ s 3 ste >
Propdae that racive thi rates increase : The. frat “sntimation that such news of Supplies declared to be impossible in ee ene ae Seo eere after their! Jie¢n of abatement in strength or quick-
tbh Raneal Kent ayatinn Gate ele contace had arrived was afforded by groups of View of the urgency of the question. | * The leacers of the meeting showed | Ness of delivery. ‘There is no rest in
ra cal soldiers crowding about the bulletin, The Constitutional Democrats then re-j 5 oie ay Marshal McCarthy. havi that section of the battle line, the mettle
pape ae Wont ot niente a boards, where they were reading the fol- qired essential changes in the pro- inten ne eee as come eaie tet Ake of both sides being tried to the utmost.
the McKellar amendment was accepted | /OWiN& despatch from Major-Gen, Per- | bored measures, which M Pieschehonoft, | 1 or their talks in Yiddish and English! The Austrians still are hanging on
shing to Gen. Sibert : with the support of all the Socialist{ 4 be: h ve. | grimly in spite of the hail of shells that
by the committee of the whole week be- Instruetions have been tasued to the | Ministers, refused to make, On the Con- undisturbed, announced that the eve.|& a t eae nn and Ponot
fore last by @ close vote notice WAS, commander at the hase port to ship to | ftitutional Democratic Ministers —an- AL 6 dai segr that a aaty hpeaiddedbe heh AL gia gM Bi onli RAS Satine apt webe » of the|
given that reconsideration in the open you “grand vitesse” 110 cases of Lees nouncing that they might resign, M. | t¢ United States Government A cole) W ae vn eat e deadly spray
Senate would Be asked. It is predicted Ririke tohacen. wad wluty of Plea: 7 Pieschehonoff, in order to prevent a most | lection for the cause’ had just been hidden machine guns.
bythe Snares ot they measure that in cigarettes furnished by THE s in te serious situation, resigned, and per-| & nounced) anc several bills with a In the recent fighting on the Carso
een Vp ire bed bury the Me- baceo- Fond y 7 SU To- sisted, despite Premier Kerensky’s ap- goodly amount of coin elattered on the plateau an Austrian counter attack
ellar amendment under :

an avalanche

  

: / ; i a Py 5 t d » to sudden disaster, Between Korite
: bsenti limself from the night | Platform in response to the appeal when came
of adverse votes. Upon receipt, please cause equitable Peal. in absenting |

 

. Ve ag ‘ -j\a Selo the enemy found that they
swnale *abinet. policemen and Federal agents began di- and Se } }
The hardest fight of to-morrqw’s de- distributions of this tobacco through | * mee a ee the crisis was ag- | recting the audience toward the door. could not set foot even in the most ad-
liberations will come over the consump-| the nap ense) supply officers to the vated by the Constitutional Demo- vanced Italian outposts. They showed
; 5 , enof yo > ' , re ARE
tion taxes, Under this section of the Bema Rees Le ent | cratir Ministers declaring categorically Objectors Still Object. [SeRRorT S ase, Sn seein Aad Nani
‘ 4 ae ; “i i , “rene : P atta agains p §
bill excise taxes are designed to be levied m Pheer renen equivalen against the Government's intention to Pleadiie anduramonatratihel (he? cane to the attack against one o e alian
on sugar, tea, coffe 1 coc The Of “rush express,” so THE Sun's tobacco raat : : o* PN | battalions. The defenders went out to
1 su ‘ Aa, ec e ane cor On, The faccomiie toctha enmar troonaras: fast sanction Vinnichenko, the Ukraine seces- | scjentious objectors were hurried through | eet ther th hin runs, whict
radical element of the Senate is opposed as engine wheels ny ur pete en a sionist leader, as chief of the Ukraine} the long lines of officials. Every one) ™ee hem with machine guns, ‘ Meh
irrevocably to this section of the bill. 5 2 en ei s can turn and will be Cabinet. The debate took on suchasharp! who could not show his blue card was were so hidden that they comman led Aa
and among many conservative Senators | Con, in ed almost at the same time that Cnoracter that the Socialist Ministers directed to one side and later taken long straight communicating trench up
the support of this form of levy is luke- ee eae to ls fund in New York sig the room and the session was inter-! down stairs to the business office of the| Which the Austrians were advancing.
. " F eaiv | reac Ss despe j . “ : ss 5 .
warm. The consumption taxes are likely that ihe eres, i an one w ne thinks rupted Jewish Daily Forward, Those evidently ee foremoat euenene Ly not Ave
to receive adverse consideration to-mor- i § 1 : di bution wi make ever conscription age, the women and | yards away when e machine guns
row less of a sensation than the first should Soldiers Make Answers, the young men with camis offered all opened and the men were mowed down
T i . “4. consider this: last week there prac- i . tee e ninepins
fen ecm Heme Over TUR. PPO) le no Ainerionn’ topacce bs ae Soldiers’ committeemen at the front, | sorts of arguments to the police and ween all of this regiment was de-
Vision for the repeat: of the existing r ; ‘ saa tees rird the Central Council of Soldiers’ ‘tried not to leave the room Small dis- | , eee oS
sugar rebate law under which the im- The Quartermaster got a small dot of WITINg ‘e Deputies, charge the | putes which showed evidence of distur- stroyed and the battalion which opposed
port taxes on raw sugar refined in the| Pipe tobacco a few days ago from the | and Workmen's Depulles, bance were and in less It: suffered little. In the first three
| ; gs

, aggere sted than
: . : Sere hic vag & imr - Petrogr: yress With exaggerating the | quetied, |
United States for reexport are remitted, | Government which was sold immediately | Petrog ad half an hour the thousand persons were |

assaults the Austrians got within bomb-

 

A Ae . Tw Army and al-
c > jg —-it lastedgabout one day. That was cowardice of the Twelfth ¢ - , aa ; > in istance, but could not come
Tt cane ana eH) we oppose: -thisy) are here last week Vanlen os lege that the Riga catastrophe has been | sorted out, Those who were allowed to | oe a eae an See pert’
ae BY R ey are es Supe ted to cluded a pay day, when the American overdrawn for .the furtherance of a leave the building formed the nucleus ee ate hee A aaron
: HOUSED aUnRone block the res} vara flan and wiltini rican saunter revolutionary campaign. Com-|of the crowd on the street outside, and} A eee an ;
peal, itan a. eee DE we mite - Are ee mitteeman Kouchina, attached to the, began to cheer and boo their comrades | - he oan broken ne » alee
price for a good smoke nay. AE GC. AS xu ’ , mee | inside, ertillery ire. Once again he ritish |
Conference Outlook, jhad a small stock of cigarettes, but this he Ben eas, of our| The cardless objectors—fully 240 of batteries receive the thanks of the
7 . an . lee ‘3 cers © : me ! ‘ Aaa ae : . g c v
The other special taxes of the Be pee ne Uiime has soldiers and falsehoods about the de- them then returned to the meeting bel) PAUANe ee the manner in which they
iy liktly $0 ramen B¥eg.”: te pemage| been reported on the way to OAmE sev- moralization of the army are refuted by i aie t a ate Pee ee iar
” . a 2 ¢ 1 ° & . > 5 ae ' . AteCar i >
es8 war revenue bilby: the Benate is) ora} times, but there was no definite the fact that our troops made several | police. sate | 4 Rey i 4 x ial ihe Pratses Gallantry of Foe
hy no means the final step in the Nise |S awa until to-day as to fuat when it | counter attacks. . to front seats and began to expla n
tery of the measure in the Congress, wodld-artiva: olf the ialser nad decided In explaining the deserters thronging | situation, He had said a few words) The splendid attacks of the Italian in-
There is the conference between the) Ni i diate there could have the roads eastward, he said it was nat-|) when a shaggy haired man, who said he fantry, backed by a crushing artillery
House and Senate to be considered fol- | 5¥ ’ y ural in a retreat for some soldiers to) was Joseph Spivak, financial secretary) fire, slowly are foreing the enemy's grip.

lowing closely upon its heels. j been novgreaten Jubliation In:camp.. How. become separated from their regiments. of the Conscientious Objectors, rose in

. ran is a , ; n The Austrian resistance deserves all

In the conference the House will ha eer ee ee eee Core he bors re The correspondent of the Novoe Vre-| the back of the hall and starter to yell praise, and the generous nature of the
ss soya ok 8 disadvantage. It 18 ow Meta ti ishanea Wak cominar for weer | at the officials in a well nigh unintelli- Italian soldiers does not withhold their
ow three months since the House con- ees . ,

gible manner,
“You have no right,’ he repeated sev-
eral times. “We did not expect to have

admiration for the tenacious defence of
the enemy. Two days ago Gen. Capelio

they were aware that the troopers were
more interested in that than in anything

sidered the war levy. continued on Second Page

fentiment

In that time the
of the Congress with regard

  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
        
       
   
    

‘ . na . stopped a long column of Austrian sol-
to taxation has undergone a decided | else. It can be stated that the morale of ; our meeting broken up," and his fellow | diers whose resistance he finally had
change Meanwhile the country has the men has (improved: 06: Der Oent, 20,000 Purse Strings cardless objectors cheered, “That's why broken down, and expressed, as soldier
been educated up from the expectation The second instalment of the gift from

of having to meet a $1,870,000,000 bill readers of THe Sun will be distributed we did not bring our cards with us, TIT to soldier, his admiration for their gal-
f he o meet ¢ 870,000, i t f ¢ Sup s

Dangled at Big Game

 

 

to one of $2,500,000,000, There ig suf-| like the first, pro rata, so that each man sae Peer nee) Pee i remarkable features of the
Z lent radicalism anoonnoreied in the) we ee ee eas ay, OTHING that has been accom- |. ,,, the law and you are wrong” 'recent captures in this sector of the
Senate measure to-day to meet the rad- “8m * Ww y y. : > SIIN : ltr as be .

icalism of the $ouaa. The concessions | It is the simple truth that the readers of plished by THE SUN Tobacco {front has been the large proportion of

. ee Sete amas aa ? ° i satisfactio f All Taken. officers taken by the Italians—on two
effected in the Senate have been in that) THE SUN have saved the day. The sup- | Fund carried greater satisfaction Addresses o en ipeittiee-plg RG ring a\ my ERE

direction,

 

 

which in all likelihood will{Ply now en route will be enough to last | to us than the baseball game yes- |) pyere was more talk of the same! cers and 2.100 enlisted men. The ex.
more than meet the desires of the, the men for some time. _| terday between Ned Wayburn’s |) king, and more applauding, and then|jjanation lies in the Austrian system of
House, fie ERED “Follies” and Raymond Hitch- ]! the Marshal's men quietly went about) igniting. The privates and the non-
"he Senate bill, at one time expected | AIRMEN BOMB VENICE. cock’s “Hitchy-Koos. their task of taking names and ad-| commissioned officers fight in the
~ bea conservative measure compared | dresses of every one in the room, Slowly | trenches with only a few officers, the
aie unt ine ssciee pened, is far) ‘Ceplousty" Dropped Bombs on! Think of it! There were |, they filed out of the foam. In sont | bulk of the latter remaining behind the
the House measure was. me Eee, mr City, Says Vienna, 20,000 persons there; just that oe Perera Re Ret but | firlng lines in fortified positions.
, a m stré : ;
The adjournment fever fs in the air,! Lonpon, Sept. 9—-An Austro-Hun- | number of rooters for the fund. aiona ini Officers Taken in Bunches,

: - || effectively moved the police
With general acquiescence in a speeding garian Admiralty statement issued Fri- | They were well repaid for their |

tat | and fifty detectives on hand, this way the losses In killed and

yp Process. Leaders are endeavoring to; day night and Just received here tells | 1 visit not only through the game, | When everything was over Marshal Secu fall mainly upon the Pas aa
wane the desire at the Capitol and) of the aetial bombardment of Venice. | which was a magnificent struggle, || mccarthy gave his opinion of the eve- | some days the loss {s appalling. When
white House to close the session next, The statement says: but through the wonderful enter- ning’s proceedings. iT pensider the lcte sine Geaiia tha’ Tiatiane aween’ tees
i { As a reprisal for repeated attacks | tainment contributed by the to | meeting was seditious,” he said, “And ward and it is only the remnants of |

F ' of enemy aviators on the open town i] 1 O40) stars of the theatrical field, |, in so far as is In my power I shall pre-| tye rank and file that fall into their

eatures of Programme. of Triest, our hydro-airplanes on the | : c a d \vent any similar meetings in this dis- : : i 1

“hi night of the seventh copiously and || Justice—so far as printed words |) vent 4 eee Marahah’ He nointed |tands But the officers are picked up in

Chief features of the programme be-, 8 F ° | trict while am } shal. poin

i i ion—i i ; atches from punkholes,
fore Congress outside the war revenue! most successfully dropped bombs on (| can gO if that direction—is being | ot that every remark made against the | batches from pu

  
  
   
     
   
   
   
       
     
         
     
       
       
   
     
 
   
     
   

{ is in ; jan count blow t b
bill are; the naval arsenal and military ostab- || done to this in another story: ‘Government and its policies was cheered | are san ARiaA eunecée seatnae the

The $11,600,000,000 war credits bili, | lshments at Venice. Numerous hits oe openly by the crowd, which the organ- | vont of the Italian line, which was
Which will be taken up Tuesday by the were reliably observed, All our atr- | At the time we went to press || jzerg said was made up largely of mem- | '

 
 

i i ne badly adapted to defence. The reports
annie from the enemy doubtless will magnify
the fact that some of their lost ground

has been regained, but the truth is that

enate Finance Committee.
The $4,000,000,000 deficiency appro-
Priation bill before the House.

the cash contributed, paid for
programmes and in other means,
by our immense throng had not

bers of the newly formed Conscientious
Objectors League, with headquarters on
Kast Broadway.

‘DR. T. F. WELDON, JR.,

 

The soldierg and sailors insurance b ted 1 checked WwW Bernard Sernaker, president of the (°° ‘y , rg :
een counted and checked, e |} ee . Pace 2 ithe Italians are on the only line which
meesure, due to pass the House this IDENTIFIED BY BRIDE. can tell this, however—it has jane Rater 84 chanenan Bnd wage they well can hold until they are ready
ep MAmminiiteatianitanal ith tt gohe well beyond the $2,000 bn “ sinetiah ah ih anotatione for the real push in this sector of oper-
he Administration trading with the o ge fn of : i : yer i ral Py a s vhich they have not attempted
enemy bill, which has passed the Victim of Amnesia n Chicago mark. That $70,000 18 NOW |) dressed up in new words. You can _ ae ' -
House and is awaiting Senate debate Now on His Way Home. within easy striking distance. \lead an objector to the trenches but | °

Tuesday, a ee

you can't make him fight,” was his text, |

As usual

 

the preadjournment con- Special Despateh to Tue Sus Our thanks to the hundreds of || After other speeches in Yiddish by or- NEW FORCES SENT.
‘g eppyi is on the Benate side, Senate Cuicaco, Sept. %.—-A dramatic reunion men and women who made the | Sanizers of the Objectors Teague Louis , peewee pes
reid we Styne ° pred pareemen) took place ‘in the Psychopathic Hospital || affair the success it was, to Ned re Pralne, Me olin New Interna | waseetans From  Raewstan and
Administration leaders to postpone Lagotes aye ae OW : : _ || tional, sp o sh, { i
snactment of the insurance bill until today wen Be, Themes X. Sane os Wayhuths Ponenat ene caen | Irving Fralkin, Ormaniner and one of | French Front Face Utallans,
Jecember, on the theory that few, if Aiea head a Tee ’ vereana oe ‘ ithe active leaders of the league, an-| yoxnon, Sept. 9.—Evidence that re-
any American soldiers will be actually identified by his mother and bride of six |} Charles B. Dillingham and others | ,ounced that the Consciencious Ob- ea eee rea risa tite aGatolana
in the trenches by that time. The Presi- is 35 ee A aRTinen vad Til NAG York | cannot be expressed in fulness. jectors will hold a meeting, police and in an attempt to halt the advance of
lent and Secretary McAdoo, however, acahay and Daidaa walled inte | We will leave that to the thou- }|) Federal agents permitting, at bling's! the Italians ia reported to-day by the
aoe refused to agree to its postpone- Chie 70 police station with the query: sands of soldiers who will benefit Casino, 156th street and St Ann's aVem War Office in| Rome. Raiding parties
ment and ave urging ite grompt pase “Where am I? In Brooklyn or Nanees | for the proper handling. nue, Wednesday evening Another 48! o¢ jtalians have returned from the Aus-
sian \ Fain heh See ngoe ‘ ao eae | city?” : ; | o—enncemee planned for the following evening iM) trian trenches bringing prisoners from
on before » re , e| - . : * cly 2 . “iv
ing ane pe: TOR Aa SORFANGT B180% His description partly corresponded , New and great things “ 7 legen a Seminene serenely Britny petered
: ; ‘ s Sid | iE x Ss . % ; : BSO- ' -
| Agitation for a general discussion of with nes af a niAniiia PHYSIELBD: BAS | the way us N next oh parace Sewer Given Up 7 Months» Victim, | gunners, taken captive, assert that they
Beace after passage of the tax bill ap- bis mother and w » Ne - il It is to take New Yor y storm || : er ach) Se CREAR
Pare Xl J telegraphed. They arrived in Chicago! Saturd ft 1 k |) Mystery in the disappearance of Will- | have been fighting on th renc ront.
ntly has subsided. None of the grap ; next Saturday afternoon. 400 | § ‘ f, 01° Bad weather has interfered with in-
‘ Senators who have planned to discuss early this mornnig and = started east inside once more for some of the iam Harding, 54, of 1912 Fulton street, . , ‘a Onn and fae retort ly
. Peace ix ready, Senator La Follette is; With him this evening. Rrooklyn, who fell into a sewer in fantry opera is Ar 1 eports only

details.

     
  

    

4 linge eg , oar 2 tillery firing, which continues with-
undecided when he will eall up his reso- | | Washington avenue, Brooklyn, February | ar $ .
lution ( . pa 7,000 Freight H Ilere Strike. | 7, was cleared up yesterday when Hard- | out cessation, On the Isonzo front vlo-
oy 1 Denpoeins 5 eee of einer : z mime. Mo, Mant, DiwA trike | WARNING! THE SUN TO- hinale Goal ane found floating in the| lent storms have transformed streams
fo te “hn cote aoane py ere ran 4 ri ae a aris tntdes satin Gan BACCO FUND has no connection Fast River near the foot of Grand{ into rivers and plains into lakes of mud,
pe ace » has ssipate order issues i “las i ‘ . | fi . aad ‘
Lévovt’ 1) paitie ahha 7000 freight handlers and checking |] with any other fund, organiza- || street. A check signed by Harding and, forcing @ halt in operations, Mist and

 

found ‘in his pocket identified the body,
He stepped into a manhole into which
snow was being shovelled,

tog have shut off visibility even at short

Continued on Second Page,
x

Senate action is planned during the-clerks of the Rock Island, Missourt, |
| Kansas and Texas and Missourj Pacific |

j railroads to quit work to-morrow, ,

tion or publication. It employs
no ‘agents or solicitors.

 

 

Continued on Siath Page.

 

 
   

 

 

|Harvard Man Displayed Great Bravery Under Fire |

Sun.

ee

 

 

1917.—copyrignt, 1917, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

ONE CENT

IT SHINES FOR ALL

   
 

ED

> ¥ Flaewhere
New York TWO CENTS.

——

Greater

 

—

 

(GERMAN PEACE (OFFENCE OF SWEDEN
‘AN ACT OF WAR’ SAY

PLAN FORECAST
"IN WASHINGTON

| Kaiser to Restore Belgium,
| Serbia, Rumania and
| Northern France,

[WILL SELL COLONIES
|
| Alsace and Lorraine to Be In-

| dependent States—Re-
garded as “Feeler.”’

/
| WASHINGTON, Sept 9.--What  pur-
| ported to be an outline of Germany's

{peace terms has been circulated among |

; diplomats here within last

weeks, but has been regarded by
Iintente embassies and most of the neu-

the two

itrals as a ‘feeler.' The origin of the
so-called terms was not disclosed, but
‘they are said to have been written by
' Foreign Secretary von Kuhlmann before
his visit to Vienna, which since has
; been pointed to as strengthening the

probability that they bear evidences of
authenticity

Briefly the so-called
follows:

{ Restoration of Belgium and northern
France, to be paid for out of the sale
of Germany's colonies to Great Britain.

Alsace and Lorraine to be = inde-
pendent States. (High French officials
recently have announved anew the
determination of France to be satis-
fied with nothing less than the re-
covery of her lost provinces.)

Trieste to be a “free port.”

Serbia and Rumania to be restored,
and Serbia to have a port the
Adriatic,

The Balkan question and the status
of Turkey to be subjects for negotia-
tion

Disarmament
lice.

Freedom of the seas with Great
Britain in control of the English
Channel until the projected tunnel is
| built between Dover and Calais.

This outline of terms, circulated with-
out definite stamp of official authority, it
will be noted, bears in many respects a
| resemblance to the general tenor of the
peace proposals of Pope Benedict

By some diplomats such an outline is
régarded as presenting something sus-
ceptible of a discussion. It is regarded
;merely as a possibility without having
| vet advanced fully into the range of
probability.

TO GIVE TERMS SOON.

terms were as

on

and international po-

 

|
'
{Michaelia So Informe Reichstag
Main Committee,
|
Lonpon, Sept. 9.——Germany will he

able soon to publish her peace terms, ac-
cording to Ir. Georg Michaelis, the Ger-
man Chancellor. Dr. Michaelis in an in-
terview said he had so informed the
Reichstag Main Committee, an Exchange
Telegraph despatch from Copenhagen
announces to-day

“The Main Commitee,”
Michaelis in the interview,
make final arrangements regarding peace
conditions and the question of Alsace-
lorraine, but no decision has heen taken
The question, however, was eagerly dis-
eussed and Germany will soon be able
to publish her peace terms.’

STILL SPLIT ON PEACE.

Political Lead-
ers at Varinnee,

 

said

German Press and

|
| COPENHAGEN, Sept. 9—The coinmittee
{of seven members of the Reichstag and
members ap-

seven of the Bundesrath

row afternoon, and the reply will prob-

ably be drafted then, says a Berlin des-

patch to-day.
The week-end

brought several refer-
ences in the German press or. official
declaration to Belgium, Alsace-Lorraine
and Poland which may foreshadow
progress or lack, of progress in Ger-
many toward solutions of these qu
tions for insertion in the reply of Ger-
many to Pope HKenedict’s peace pro-
posal

Regarding Belgium, statements by
Rerlin correspondents of the Amster-
dam Catholic organ Tijd and the Vienna
Catholic organ Retchspost, on the pro-
posal to give Belgium “complete auton-
omy,” subject to Iimitations to prevent
it entering into spectal treaty relations
with the Entente Powers or maintain-
ing a military force beyond that re-
quired for interior policies, or to upset
'the German made division of the ecoun-
try into Walloon and Flemish halves,
have attracted the attention of the Ger-
man press,

The Lokalanzeiger assumes that this
represents the Centrists’ solution of the
situation, but it says the Tijd’s further
assertion that the proposal has been ac-
cepted in principle by the “deuble seven"
commission in Gernvmy is premature

 

 

Time Has Come for Frankness,

A statement in the South German
Catholic organ, the Augsburg Post, de-
claring that the time had come for a
frank declaration that the German peo-
| ple have not thought of oppressing Bel-
lgium economically, politically or mill-
tarily, also is attracting attention, The
meeting of the “double seven" committee
in Berlin perhaps will show whether the
‘above represents the Centrists’ concep-
{tion of a fulfilment of the Post's wishes
| Dr Michaelis in an interview pub-
lished in Stuttgart shows that the fed-
erated Governments are not yet united,
as has been assumed, on the idea of
| creating Alsace-Lorraine into a hered-
| {tary monarchical State, but that some
lof them are still toying with the old
idea of dividing the provinces hetween
| Prussia, Bavaria and Baden-
| $9 retain control of the part of prime
|
'
|

military importance and the most valu-
able mining districts, while her two
partners undertake the task of assimi-

‘lating the population of the southern
| section, for which it is thought they
ure better fitted in Prussia

The solution of the Polish question is
jto be announced in a few days, It will
begin with the institution*of a regency
of uncertain powers and the abolition of
ithe hated division into Austrian and
| German spheres of administratiog
The Deutsche Bank already has an-
{nounced its intention to establish a
| branch in Riga as soon as conditions
|permit. This indicates that Arthur von
| Gwinner, managing director of the bank,
'believes Riga hereafter will) remain
| within the German sphere of influence,
The Conservative and Pan-German
| newspapers daily are playing bolder
{with the thought of a dissolution of the
| Reichstag and new. elections, which

Contin ued ‘on Second Page,

the |

Dr. |

“has tried to,

pointed to draw up an answer to Pope
Benedict's peace note will meet to-mor- |

_ | useful

Prussia |

i emda
\
|

'| Sweden and Germany to
Be Linked by Air Route

| LONDON, Sept. 9.—A despatch

to the Exchange Telegraph
from Copenhagen

says reports

|| from Stockholm are to the effect
that a committee has been formed
to arrange for an airplane route
from Trelleborg, southern Swe-
den, to Sassnitz, Germany. It 13
added that a Stockholm banker
has offered $1,000,000 toward
the carrying out of the project.

DENIES SWEDEN
AIDED GERMANS

 

|
|

Minister to Argentina Says No

ni
Messages Were Handled

by His Office.

BUENOS AYRES, Sept. 9%—The
Swedish Minister to Argentina, Baron
Lowen, to-day denied that despatches
in cipher had heen sent to Berlin hy
the German Charge through the Swed-

|
|
|
|

ish Legation at Buenos Ayres, He
sald: “f have not sent, nor caused to
Ne sent by the legation under my

charge any telegram from the German
Legation. The news Is a great and
disagreeable surprise. T have cabled
to my Government to clear up matters,
In the United States they are very ex-
citable,”

 

WASHINGTON, Sept. % ~The foregoing

despatch from Buenos Ayres was read
,to Seeretary Lansing to-niezhit He ex-
hibited interest but had no comment to
make It was said in Swedish quarters
yesterday that Baron Lowen had been ill
for many months and probably was ig-
| norant of what hal been going on in

the lezation

Secretary Lansing’s announcement
vesterday revealing the duplicity of
Sweden said that the cipher messages
had been transmitted by Count Luxburg,
the German Charge d'Affaires at Buenos
Ayres. The messages bore the signature
of Count Luxburg and not Baron Lowen.
Sept. 19 —A_ sensation has!
been caused here by the announcement
of the American discovery of proof that
the Swedish Government has been aid-
ing Germany by transinitting  ecom- |
munications for Berlin, even war orders, |
Official nd diplomatic authorities of ;
the allied countries were not surprised, |
because for a long time they

LONpON,

have been,

morally certain that such services were |
being rendered, despite Swedish denials
and assurances that Sweden's conduct
was diplomatically correct

The question whether Sweden, as a re- |
sult of the disclosures, will be forced
into the war is discussed with the heen-
est interest. It is generally doubted that

    

}

a belli

igerent unless
render better
as a neutral
clamped the

Swecen will
Giertmainy decides she
service in the war than
Until the United States
blockade tighter Sweden was more ser
viceable to Germany a neutral than
she would have been as a belligerent be-
cause Sweden was the gateway
many for supplies and communi
from the outside world.

become
ean

to Ger.

ations

Sweden Useful na Alls,

eee

| Swedisi

DIPLOMATS

| Stockholm Must Eliminate

Pro-German Leaders or
End Neutrality.

HINTS OF REVOLUTION

Declaration of Alliance
With Berlin May Bring
About a Republic.

NSING FACTS ASSATLED

LA
W. A. FL. Ekengren, Swedish

Minister to U.S., Deprived

of Secret Code Use,

4 o

Special Despatch to Tre Sre
WASHINGTON, Sept 9% -—Sweden's ace
tion in forwarding to the Berlin Foreign
of Count Luxburg, the

d Affaires at Buenos
Ayres, is characterized in Entente diplos

matic here act

Office messages

German Charge

eireles to-night as “an

of war."

The gravity of the offence has, if anv-
thing, it
is predicted responsible
quarters to-night that the only
tives remaining to the Swedish
to eliminate the Government
responsible or to accept a position
nemies of the Wnited States
the Entente. Any middle ground is
garded as impossible

Meanwhile despatches received in new.
tral diplomatic ind that of-
ficials at the Stockholm Foreign Office
ire pleading ignorance of any knowledg@
of the telegrams and are attenpting to
impugn the authenticits the informa.

Inereased sinee yesterday and

generally in
alterna-
people
leadera
of
and

re-

are

open

circles

vate

of

fien given out by Secretary Lansing.
Hints of an investigation being insti-
tuted at Stockholm, however, show that

Swedish officials apparently
sure of their ground

May

is

are not too
in making denials.

Sweden Offer Defence,

regarded as of such
prime importance that
information which bea
obtained is being telegraphed in
response to inquiries,

The consensus to-night
Swedish Government wil
long in empty denials, but
make some defence, possibly
that it is no longer neutral
side of Germany
might he
which the
take in the tuatin is
the matter of yu ” ‘
squarely up to the Wedish people

Mfforts ts olster un a defer are
meantime heing by orders to
British and Fret sors not to pass
Messages Swedish code from Ameri-
m The diplomatiea
\. KF. Mkengren, the
are pegarded as hav-
sterday so far as s@-
ire cerned Fven
itted code mes-
and French
reach their

The matter
immediate and
every bit of ean

here

is that
not

the
persist
prepare to
admitting
but on the

This, it is pointed out,
only chance
could
would put

f their acts

the desperate
responsible officials

thi
Vis

 

oe
checked
n
ea
privil

inta st
t
Mint
termir
code
f the U'n
fages to go
would not

oeckho
Ww
ter,

1 ye

ege

 

  
 

{ne

vret mes

 

ges cor
ted States pern
out the
permit

Rritish

 

destination

OMctals Knew of Plot.

Fron fact that the Tuxburg tele-
grams were sent in official Swedish coda
Stockholm Foeretgn Office re-

the

to the ft is

 

Rarded as evident that a number of the
ranking Swedish officials must have been
| cognizant of the Gierman-Swedish plot
The Mintster for Foreign Affairs, other
Cat

Now, however, {s
Variety of that
be more useful as an ally,
any longer for the
plies, Germany having engaged in a
great campaign ugainst Russia the
Swedish ports would be of the greatest
value as bases for such operations,
while the Swedish army would be easily
Moreover, it suspected that
the Swedish Government has heen as
isured that the ancient claims to Finland
Will be yvestored if she Ger- +
mans’s ally

The diMculty in
in the fact that Norway is almost as |
strongly pro-ally as Sweden is) pro-
German. Conditions on the Seandina- |
Vian peninsula would ome acutely
difficult if Sweden's junetion with
many should foree Norway to
which side would join. The
naval position against Germany
be  greatiy strengthened if Norway
should permit them to utilize a naval
base on the southern coast, which would
facilitate the blockade of Germany. |

On the other hand, should) Norway
join Sweden and Germany this would
be considerably the advantage of
Germany for much the same reason,
that it would provide a new base in the |
‘north for submarine operations

it fOr a
would
is she cannot

transit of sup-

suggest:

easons Sweden

serve

 

becomes

such an alllance lies

Dyer
(yer

decide !
Allies’
would

she

Intrigues in Norway,

\

This situation causes the most intense |
interest and speculation concerning the |
developments which are certain to fol- |
low the American revelations Norway |
is expected to become a hotbed of G
man intrigues and efforts to compel her
to support Sweden, whatever happens.
The mass of the Swedish people
to maintain neutrality, but the Gove
ment is regarded ag highly pro-Get
and the powerfirl commercial ¢ <
which has gained huge profits through
the German war trade, is also strongly
pro-German in its sympathies

The Basis of Swedish sympathies with

 

  
 

desire

 
 
 

n,

Germany was originally fear of Russian
aggression While this fear has been
‘dissipated by the revolution and the
Russian military disasters, yet it has
heen succeeded by the development of |‘
an ambition to regain Finland, whieh
the German propaganda recently has

cultivated, according to report
Throughout the war Sweden has heen

the most difficult of the neutrals for the

Allies to handle because of the predomi-

nance of German sympathizers in the!
country and their high positions

The effect of the revelations in Ar-
gentina is awaited with concert A few
days ago it was announced that Ger-
many had pledged immunity to Argen-

 

Whether the Argentine Gov-
ernment led the public to that
greater concessions had heen promised
than were warranted by the facts is not
clear here. The Buenos Ayres messages
seem to jndieate that, in the opinion of
the public there, the Argentine Govern
ment has not been eealing in an en-
‘tirely frank mannag with its own peopl,

The German Ambassador's advice n
the published notes to sink ships without
leaving any

|

tine ships
believe

Continued on Second Page,

, an
trave exmaing the case of |

pia the status of a German ally

 

inet heads and other officials eMe

trusted with decoding the ¢e

   

reais are

 

 

 

necessarily tinplicated lu lation re-
ceived here up to the present indicates
that otner officials of the Government
“und onembers of the Foreign Affairs
Committee of both Swedish houses were
‘probably not advised of the Cavern.
ment duplieits

Word js anxiousiy awaited coancern-

ne the anticipated sterm of indignation

among the Swedish people when the

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

   
   

news reaehes them Several diplomats
to-night prediet that the exposure of the
plot ow mean a revolution in Sweden,
with the possible consummation of a
long smouldering plan for the establish.
ment CA Fé )
It is regarded a certain that the
Swedish Liberals a Socialists, who
ave had strong p sentiments,
will be strengthened as «4 result, while
;the court and. the ‘ulturists, who
have been pro-German, will be greatly
weakened A 8 ai session of both
houses of Part ent is expected to he
alled at once 1 no other course 168
open to the Government
Queen ts Pro-German,
Althougt Sweder is a democratic
form o vernment the ip fluence of the
Ourt is known to have been a distinct
} factor 1 the foreign p y of the
country The Queen is reported here
to have recently become more and more
open in her professions of loyalty te
Germany and it is regarded as a possi-

bility that she may have figured in any

secret agreement hetween the Swedish
and German Governments concerning?
the trat iis or ' fF ret ermnan
despatches. Q 1 Victoria is a cousin

 
 

of the Waiser

 

The agriculturalists have pro-German
leanings chiefly threug fear of attack
by Russia, but as tr enace has long
been removed their strength has di-
n hed as ! tical factor and they
are not expected to support the Governe
ment in fits pro<ierman intrigues

The new development of the day ts
undoubtedly the frank statement by one

of the KMntente
the
of war
Government
Luxburg t

\mabssadora that the act
ment ja ‘an
of whether

of

yf Swedish Cpoverr
tive
the contents

rams or not

act
that
the

Irrespe
knew

Forfeited tts Neutrality,

It isa
Swedts
lin pher
whist we

most as great an offence for the
Government to to Rer-
ims contents of
hnown as to
giving ifie
destruction of
War zor Ine

Government hu

pass on

telegr the

re pass on
the teleg

tiot & to

am spe nforma-

the

lips by
ship by

I'-boats in the ther

ease
forfeited

an

 

mwe as a

its neutralitv and a

ally of Germany, it
The

ording to dipton

ongruous

ten

ti ome

 

seriousness
mv
to cons. de partial retaha
mee

to Swelen

ures such as stor on

tufts
states

 

 

 

will nen
lad em
fo Swedish port

vertaine? whet

Se anhh talons effect

N iIpments

ivor irgzo oon oa

writil it
sweden

s definitely a
plavel
or nol,

ey ato he