THE WEATHER FORECAST: ~
Rain to-day; to-morrow prota
moderate winds, ‘

Highest temperature yesterday, 5
Detailed weather, mail and maringgy

>
VOL. LX XXIIL--NO. 259. ++ NEW YORK, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1916,—copurignt, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation PRICE | Wi ( CENTS.

-TAMPICORAGES [ROFRANO SURRENDERS; — |SENATEREJECTS OFFER SENATETO IGERMAN HAND REVEALED
AT AMERICANS; GOES TO TOMBS CELL  GALLINGER'S FOB} BOOST ROOSEVELT! 45 TREAL OF CASEMENT FOR

GUNBOATSNEAR *“wict atomey Swann -nefies to Tell Where He |""™4gr yore noms“ Mamet tree Senioton’ §—- FIGH )=©TTREASON IS OPENED

Hid—Political Feud Led to Murder Plot. 42 to 86, publican Rule, al & '

    
    
   

, IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

 

-—-—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Former London Baggageman Appears as Co-
defendant—Casement, Defiant, Declares
Him Innocent—Throngs Turn Out
to Attend Hearing.

15 DEMOCRATS REVOLT! TARIFF IS IN BALANCE

ae 2 » , . * 2
‘ ians Renew Demonstra- Street Cleaning Commissioner, who has| but Judge Swann said that he believed

been sought all over tl untry for the prosecution could move for trial in
® ’ ae f ve 1e country for » ter $ al 8
tions l nder ( hief. the June term of General Sessions,

eight months, quietly gave himself up/ The news of Rofrano's arrest spread; Action Believed to Foreshadow
* in Washington Square in broad daylight | quickly through the Criminal Courts
yesterday afternoon to answer to a{ Bullting and the are City, bee ere the Defeat of the Brandeis
SADE TON . +9788 was quite a little crowd in the hallway
FOREIGN INTRIGUE charge of murder growing out of his} of the ‘Tombs when Warden Hanley Nomination.

political rivalry with Tom Foley in the! piloted him to his cell. The prisoner

 

 

‘ * sos
Mexican Soldiers and Civil-
Michael A. Rofrano, former nena particular time for trying hia client,

Colonel's Backers Point to Im-|
portance of Ending Fights
in Close States,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

     

  
  

 

Ip r ‘ ‘NED vas well dressed in a closely fitting —_
IL OR . IS DENIED downtown Little Italy, |
7 . ; M serge suit and light fedora hat, and | ' “ 1 +
The question of where Rofrano ot amoked a cigar as he hailed by ‘nathe Waasnincton, May 15.—The Senate, by One of the arguments which the Pro: | FLAG OF THE REBELS IS DISPLAYED
been hiding all this time {a still un-! many whom he knew. | a vote of 42 to 96, rejected this after-| gressive lendera are i } "
a : vaAny 2 36, ss ¢ preparing to use at}
No Alliances With Germany | {227° He aid not tett wher@ be had) ote T worked on.” he sald with «| 0008 the nomination of George Rubies, | Chioage in their efforen to induce the} BEFORE THE CROWDED COURT ROOM
j ‘ yastile yo on, 1 fe , al .
: 5 ‘ ae | Dest to any of those with whom he came cmile, recalling hia work aa a building | Mmlnated by President Wilson as mem-/ Republicans to nominate Col. Roosevelt
and Japan Sought, in contact yesterday, and District At-) o vwtor in wrecking the old city | ber of the Federal Trade Commiseton, | for the Prestdency is that without him)
torney Swann, to whom personally Ro-| prison building replaced by the Tombs | Mr. Rublee was in the first batch of | ag their standard bearer the Republicans % eae . . : Ww 4 *
It Is Said, frano surrendered, did not ask him. | Se ie welicr ie yp ge e he | nominations sent in for the commission | Will be unable to gain such control of the British Prisoners in Berlin hom Casement Tried to
upon his rather bulky e than the ‘ | ; } |
Was hinted that he made a long motor atple ttorney’ “ an. | almost two years ago und never has been! United States Senat i) ingure a ‘ sti §
trip to reach the District AttOR Ney. eee eee ce iee terial for his confirmed, The Senate adjourned the ve newer 5S Ss Get as Followers Testified Only 52 Out of
| ’ , reach the District Attorney, ning to gather more material for his atae i without confirming, and the speedy repeal of the Underwood tariff c=
} are : av if —™ : tofrano spent last night in tie Tombs, | trial! At this trial ft may be that Gae- | OPSt Session wae © ‘ : ; : Qs y+
i> Ai SP eee May 15.—Encouraged by ang will be arraigned to-da’ before tano Montimagno may be brought from | President thereupon conferred a recess | law and the enactment of @ measure that 3,500 Yielded to Pleas,
Gen, Nafarette, the Carranza com- Judge Delehanty in General S ssions to! +) death house at Sing Sing to see if appointment on Mr, Rublee ) WIL accord with the doctrine of protec.
mander in that district, Mexican soldiers plead to the indictment that hs so long) je can cast more Heht on the ease ; pag wer ue hohice eee aes ap" | tion for home industries j :
"1 ng over his he . ala ‘ entime 1 yaren 1 3 tublee 9 v
and civilians at Tampico are renewing "UNE over his head charging first de- | against Rofrano. Montimagno has been contirmed, the President was urged by There are thirty-three Senators whose Special Cable Despatch to Tar
unfriendly demonstrations toward Amer- Bree murder Hie is charged with pro- j convicted of first degree murder in the Senator N wiands and other Democrats! terms will expire Mae 2 1917 ; . 7 :
awe: 44 oa 7 dviene. curing the killing of Michae) Gaimari,) Gajmarl case. He was promised ios withdeaw the nomination, but he feel. pid Wrpite: (ON umm clara) LONDON, May 15.—In the ordinary police court room in Bow street, +
cans here, according to advices re- Ty , r , | vy div to kill » Foley He t . . z . , fi Whose s1 ‘seors wil » ele Px ‘ ‘ iy ff hi ; g
aba F isee at a a Tammany follower under Rofrano’s | by somebody to kill the Foley Heutenant. | piceg senator Gallinger led the oppo- | {M4 Whose successors will be elected next where ‘“‘disorderlies” pay their five shilling fines, began this morning the
ceived at the State Department to-day. rival, Tom Foley, on Mareh ®, 1916, A few weeks aco Montimagno offered sition and invoked the rule of “Sena- November, Of these eighteen are Demo- $ a ” : . . :
In consequence of the growing fll feel- His political activities have made Ro- to tell the District Attorney who was tortal courtesy , For several months crats and fifteen are Republicans, The trial of Sir Roger Casement, once a British Consul-General, and Danie!
. , ; 3 ' 1 ’ te eour 3 ' B ee i t teen are Re cans, ’ ‘ : : ‘ :
ing which appears to result from the) fhe Well known, Before getting the | t the mot to KIN Gaimart, but His) tg Democratic leaders who were friendly | pemoc ta} a > | Julian Bailey, formerly baggageman at Paddington Station, on the charge
} position in the Street Clearing Depart- was not accepted because tt was M Rublee have been sparring for emocrats have now a majority of six- ;
continued presence of American troops, ment, which he resigned just before his ht his story could be used only ime Sa AAMITY . Senator Gallinger in the Senate, the division being of high treason.
in northern Mexico the Americans are enema a ae he a eee | nst Oren: nee War tot et tenn fore oa action ’ 56 to 40 The problem before the Re- There was no panoply of grandeur about the proceedings. They were
becoming alarmed. Superintendent of the Tenement House irrest obe Ms + 8 COUN. Wy p . rogressive lie : 4 j iy gi ici , i ‘
the § 3 ee t 1 Department, an organizer of the Home , will be asked to-day to find out if wees eal he dane Rabine ana fourteen publicans Is, therefore, to retain all of dramatic because of their simplicity and the revelations made. In facet,
ra died fae cau seo, hc , Rule Democratic Club i Sees street, | Montimagno o For ae wan oo cont Democrats voted against him. The Re- these fifteen seats which they now hold the visitor in court, glancing at the iron barred dock, had difficulty in
manders of tf funboats Machias, was an active worker for Mayor Mit hel) he knot and I he ie Ne Will OS Drow publicans who voted for him were Clapp, and to gain at least eight of those now . nt , itti ‘ ,
and Marietta, which are in the vicinity, and against Tammany. here at once, His case awatts an @P-) venyen, La Follette, Norris and Poin- | held by Damocrati, : : ' connecting the two bearded, unkempt men sitting therein with such a
to hold themselves in readiness to render peal | dexter F . aaa serious charge as high treason.
e protection to the Americans, Vees te: TOMNG Ih & TES. Two Others tn Plot. | _ The Democrats who voted against cone Point to Way to Control, COPFEEN ECE: Ose neo!

firming Mr. Rublee were Bankhead, Un- Casement's lustreless black hair, sprinkled with gray, was brushed

District Attorney Swann, Martin W Resides Mi derwood, Broussard, Chamberlain, Smith, This would insure control of the | Sir Roger Casement. , sharply back. His newly grown short black beard fringed a swarthy face

The State Dep '
Littleton, Rofrano’s counsel, and his

 

rtinent was further ad-

 
 
 
  

thragno two other men

   

 

> t g ha “ . | are g for sharing in the plot ° 7 le . » rt onate only ta ‘ Picts | ! : ¢ n =
Vised that through the persistent efforts brother, Robert Rofrano, were in the 1 eu's most JORERIAADIS aid ee er xu Jat coy : a he wee SURO ORY RY SHAS VOtR OR the Vice: = | bleached to a slaty pallor. His suit, dark blue with black stripes, was
of the American Consul at Tampico three taxicab in which the indicted man rode} 9). e Italians of the Second Assem- Martine, O'Gorman, Reed, Saulsbury,| president, and the Progressives stand }

     

Americans who had been held in prison to the Tombs. The surrender had been |)

 

Reeco Carniv

  
 

       

 

or Rox Smith (South Carolina) and Vardarman. ready to chow the Tewublicine tot obi I shabby and ill fitting, showing the bad effects of that plunge into the sea
. 0 ady sho e e yicans ) ‘ i . G e . when his si a :
rs to life, wee, Reblee Not terprieed, that: thik: e-dent anreaie, Meckume, tor tte g D E, 26 INJURED off Ardfert on Good Friday, collapsible boat overturned.

     

      

         

     
      
   
 
 
 

               

 
        

 

       

       

     

 

 
     
   

 

\ by the local authorities have been re-| “tranged by Mr. Littleton, who was en: | ell, ig serving twenty ye
e ) waged by Robert Rofrano for the pur- ank Fenniimor seven and a half oll Considerable surprise was = man:-4- in
leased, pose, The party found Rofrano, looking | |, en years News of Mr. Rublee’s rejection reached Stince, Senator La Follette voted for the fested When it was seen that Casement
Admiral Cameron Mech. Winslow, com- tanned and healthy, standing within &\ \Montimagno was tried first of these | him at the baseball park, where he was present tariff bill, but alse that more was accompanted by another prisoner, wan gate then busy himself making
manding the Pacitie fleet, reported to the few feet of three uniformed policemen, io. and all through the testimony of | attending the game, He admitted ane than a safe majority can be secured if i Daniel Julian Balley, soldier, who was sions in 7 Pain eke Sta
Navy Department to-day ghat on de- who never dreamed he was the MAN | ane » and Joseph La Salle ran the he was not u mared for it Sena sr the proper ‘person is at the head ot the one of the two men who accompanied su ‘ ees ut with foided arms.
nani P . ‘ ! whose picture and description Have veer | ume of Michael Rofrano. The brothers | Gallinger fought Mr. Rublee because the fi petar el al a a ecnmana Casement in the expedition from Gere » Attorney-General spoke for three
tnd of the commander of the United scattered broadcast with an offer of!) 0) already been convicted of killing | latter had been one of his po al ene- | peneral ticket many to the Tralee Strand The third evitebus ore nove n took up the
States cruiser Denver the Mexican au- $5,000 for his arrest iJ Minott, another Foley Meutenant, mies in New Hampshire The Sen The eighteen Democrats whose terms , Tt Sia? of the three men who put off from the ‘idence erhaps the nearest approach
ae James Mir : 3 ANT, | . ‘ : : we . s ( ors Mis os , t , ‘
thorities at Acapulco, on the west coast On the way across town Judge Swann ye a pans Joseph La Salle told t ‘ agues that Rublee was per- are ahout to expir re Achurst of Ari- At Least Two Others Mi sine German submarine to tbe Irish coast See rane for : “asement was witnessed
“talked with Rofrano, but said later he| ete ree ¢ ‘ kill | son tasteful” to m rot Bryan of Flori ( teey ew, ° ee ) in yall collapsible boat has not yet en Inspector Parker told how he took
have rel . tree ets ona gave testimony about plans to kill) Sut tas rona, Bryan o sorida, Chilton of est i ret; . in a wal ay at ; i! : 5 c
ithe a : ont y = maa ms and one did not ask him where he pas been yaimari and so/end his work for Foley Mr €, & prominent corporation Virginia, Culber of Texas, Uitehes a Ruins of Restaurant been captured el prisoners to Bow Street Court early
Chilean, metnbers of ie crew of an) since September, when he eluded de- aong the Italians of Cherry Hill and lawyer id a summer home it of Nebraska, Johnson of Maine, Kern at Akron Ohio Bailey's capture had been kept secret. | '” , 16 morning and how Casement, point-
American schooner which was burned! tectives set to watch him and disap toetiqed about telephone calls be- | Hampshire and found himse-f in p ‘ f Indis art of Indiana, Lea of ’ s Hoth men were charged in court with | 'M8 to Batley, haul said
off the Mexican port. The men were Peared almost simultaneously with the) vv. Rofrano and the house where the | communion with Winston Churchill, eX- ‘Tonnes Maryland, Martine of —_ — vh treason “for that they did between That man ts innocent! f wish hint
being field: on the brete : finding of the murder indictment agains* pl rs lived | Gov. Bass and the group of reformers) yoy vsey, Myers of Montana, © the ast of November, 1914, and on divers ‘" €very way to be as we'll defended ae
. He pretext that they set. him. Rofrano declined to tell where he | Fennimor then pleaded guilty and it) Who waged war on Senator Gallingers nef New York, Pittman ef Nevada | DUE TO DYNAMITE BLAST &! occasions between that day and | use Soe ein not the means t am
fire to the vessel, had been to other inquirers, and one |was largely on his evidence that Ro- | organization und brought about the elec-) pomerene of Colo, Reed of Missouri, : i : a the 2ist day of April, 1916, unlawfully, Prepared for him
: Senator Phot ca Littleton said he didn't know, Re erty ino was Indicted for murder, charged | tion of Gov. Bass and the retirement of) syinson of Virginia and Williams of aie Maiiclously and trattorously commit :
| § elan Acts, Rofrano said: s.r | With being the brains and will behind Senator Burnham, Republican, Who Was) \Mississippt ' ‘high treason within and without the Campatgn tn Germany,
Senator Phelan, California, enlisted the “He's been in hell; now he’s in the plot to Kill his dangerous rival, | defeated 7 anaes H ee ie he sa It is conceded by the Progressives AKRON, Ohio, Mav 15 Nine persons | realm of England in contempt of our The Attor: -General charged that
aid of the State and Navy departments "¢4Ve Gaimar. group made a determined fight on ¢

   

n lwho are expressing such anstety for were crushed to death and twenty-six | S0verelgn lord, the King, and his laws, while in
ta? “4 _ our - ee xO }

Not until Carnivale’s trial did Rofrano | ator Gallinger when he came up for te- the Republican majority in the Senate to the evil example of others in like
seen to heed the things that were being | election, but he triumphed over them rs of four of these ease and contrary to the duty and ale

At the time his brother Mike was in
his cell in murderer's row to the Tombs
‘cording to Mr. Littleton the reason

Germany Casement had cone

ducted a systematic campaign to seduce
from their aller ‘

no faver of the Americans, whose homes
@re at Oakland, Cal. Twe

  

were injured, many probably mortally,

 

Bue

 

f the Ameri-

    
  

    
                   
                         
                

           
   

              
 
       

    

        
     
 

   

 
         

             
   

     
          
           

      

 
          
 
       

 

        

            
       

             
 

          
   

              

   

           

          
        

 

                  

. . * " . ae ees Ne aioe as ° | e aes ae “ ae ‘e to Gr Pritain
y oat t Clean- | Sid and hinted at about him. Then he Mr. Rubiee who was formerly a he will most certainly be Demo- ro Olapse f legian e of the — defe ndants the Irish sol th ;
caus are Frank Horn and George Lavoi- the former Deputy & ha ' ae at took the stand for Carnivale, and though | publican, joined the Progress y° InOVe= four being yan of Plorida, inant t nar, The knight sat a out a foot from his prisoners by Germans lev was one
Stave . t on swe : . ; >. » iter ‘ol 08 - 7 > dowk o ¢ ‘ aites ssente i ; * thlirsy
vette, The name of the third and of the ASA ccddea th He hh RH cn gM ta ous made a good witness for the | mept in 1912 and represented | Roose of Texas, Swanson of Vir- ind ¢ streets lo companion Bailey presented @ of the soldiers sald had been
chil ! ed was } al. It would not take fini fvelt in the platform committee at the Williams of sippi. T pitlable spectacle He has a ecragey won over ily Ro
lilea re not known > : he > Ww have |" < ) nc , eon eee shed leet of dv ramite in the exe: tl ’ } , . : : . LORE
i ne . k Vn here a » person io see that he wold have ' aalataly atten nvictions of Bull Moose convent in Chie ago No that 1 of Tenneksee ana A bli of a 1 tet ‘ xcasation eddish beard, grown since his arrest The Attornev-cene mat thi aenlaihed
Reports to the State Ley ment toe been a political sacrifice if he had stayed : thr Monti rnivale and | Nally he is a member of the Progressive ‘ Will probably be suc- for a anew duilding adjoining the res-) and which gives hima weird appearance. |! that Bailey, who was b 1s it
day indicated acuvity on the part of @nd been tried t! n wea of} Aliinnccses aver te pealaned hie tos |s 2 bo tlee of New H snips lire, but I rats, although Tennes- taurant Pree ollane ; He wore it yellow mackintosh over @ joined the Roval Irish “ : 1904
American consuls in Mexico to get a political campaign, said Mr, Littleton n the clty government and dropped he suppo d Raym: Step lens, A ae see is regarded as somewhat doubtful secs aantit b oe . he yellow sack suit which was given to and after serving o i actarn ihetatie
| ° <a ita tives who had Pemocrat minee for Senator, against becuuse Benjam W Hooper, twice wend . , him after his landing Bailey sat stiff was honorabls 1
« Americans out of the country. The con- . " Teh an | of sight, eluding de wes wh e en tite 14 ' i pom ania’ jnnetiind bi sand ‘y s walled
' ) n Prisoner ny « . vatched him for days, on the very day | Mr. Gallir in Vs a eae elected Governor, is the Republican cun- , morvsue, W twou antitle woes and and upright in the dock, hig eves fixed as a reservist ; Ha wae
sul at Manganiiio advised that trains “You don't need to tell me that cor is Indictment Mayor Mitchel got), Beowuse of this and Mae om that he didate two persona ate? sing Pheir bodies the bench, whereas Sir Roger and was 4: thes kat Atte
are running regularly between that)lace ditions now are different,” Mr. Littletor | Beard of Aldermen to offer a $5,000 | 48 been cooperating with the ered 0 The Pre Rressives exper » point out are thought t he in the wreckage, and glanced about the cour® force wh i landed in France 1
and auereunere ani that he has ad- continued. “You don't need a book writ | reward for him | 2 7H wee ie a y that in tt , Bi York, Montana, New Mwehtyseix injure (perso nre in the miukitk® notes on sheets of paper i noet
vised the consul the latter place that ten on the situation It was net un- 4 s+ t j } , yenee 9 ay emt re 1 and aine the , ’ ie , Which he drew from his pocket, and when I
! t »oon re situ ! t n e State's contention ia that the re ; ¢ . nhis 4 . é ! ate
Americans can leave wheever they de- patural that he should go away believ- |)... of Gaimarl and Minott grew | ie ad violated POAT Peoples and City hospitaie, ar {U8 not so engaged, amusing himself drawing Bait had made explain
Sire, as there are steamers scheduled 4; wit he was indicted for political f the rivalry between Rofrano and Oe the IAW thought several of these will Mie A rosettes upon a large pad DB Casement's manner in influencing the
{ to lea Manzanillo fe California on! reasons A nan with as many friends |. Foley for Democratic supremacy in)! : mere ‘ nN pr a Fo Rien inte hGmtal ivan Beat Irish ortsoners The woldier was one of
g i une 25 Tr } "m. ar ‘ll hin t 1 } 8 : : + aa :
May and June 25. Tra rvice as he had then, and stil has, [P think, Second Assembly district. Rofrano, | ‘' ed : qh nee Jnuntineas Ans ped, mber who had beer tket
from Guadalajara through Monterey is) may have had too many advisers, ; a Tammany worker and strong in, Of the & eae ral ; ee eepeet ee uid at the acer - ; at : : , various: p s in Germany dt
‘ amy ' : were " » © he 1e «polit though . . » doe rer > . :
interrupted “The first 1 knew about his desire Alvar smone the Italians there, broke we ¢ t saan pot i y : The ane. bale ta the a, gli he entered the lock ¢ * one at Limbure Hara Cuneinant
a : 4 : , , 5 : , ‘vesident vd ree 1 Demo- i he hoa ints lug OW INE '
The consul at Sa Luis Potosi re- to surrender was forty-eight hours ago 7 da Mayor Mitchel’s forces and President t ee ed her ow . — g Jense was the crowd mund the .o- \ ! awing, bowing (0 and made addresses, urging ¢ ; a
sorted that t ly ff cutest 1 ats, Mr ninal Moose, aml, be beate Ss Ss agreement | ; i riends in court, it Was evident that this preak ¢
ported that there are only forty-eight when his brother retained me Then | y ed the Home Rule Democratic Club \winim H ) supported Rouse-) reached whereby the Progres ' ne of ¢ wre to-nig it Bat- ® affectat The : antats Rast r Pen OL Ales A AUD
y Americans remaining in that district. 4 plan of surrender was gone into, and pposition to Foley's Downtown Tams Jo), a . BE ee OES rar Eacine AMA CRKEEGE ee eee ; ; : ey LT WOBTAS atietta ; pie A spondent OF port him in his expedition to Ireland
nove of them in dest te circumstances Ait z Judge S\ 2 Mina tn “ : ; ve ih Ile, ate 1 id retires hd oArtiller Ohio Nationa IE SUN sittines behinal the dock, in
+e . while [ was in Judge Wann s Office t vy Club at 48 Ma®eon street
| A strike of lroad me 1 in Luis ‘ . 7 cs ‘ | ' ¢ arms re h, could observe a tremor on Promised Vr
+rO% men at & “US day a telephone message from young rhe rivalry became bitter, then be- . . on : > illed oO und aided rip te United States,
Potosi, however, has interrupted train z } ie ; Most Potent Objection, ce punee in Five States, Sir) Roger's face, while the prisoner's
' fy ie “1 Rofrano told me whem I could meet ne a feud, in which there were many net people tek So ut ¢
{ $ ‘e ahs the ae if é ud, ’ ne ; , Fok cet i is ‘ I hd ive twitching ousl : 8 i Casement,
between re und the border. the defendant ‘ tings and stabbings Twice Foley rhe most potent « mn with me Arizona, Missour!, Indiana, Nevada aad prey ha is Were twitehing nervous ita ns Aa)
iterey and Hiedras Negras are re- Judge Swann and Mr. Littleton prob self was nearly killed, onee by a of the Democratic Senators wns the at Nebraska the Progressives feel the at rk the day grew oon his nervousness dis oe ”
berted quiet ably will confer to-day on the posetbil- | p45 with a kr once by a man with a titude of Mt, Rublee in favor of the Dilcans have a chance if they do the eople packed Main and appeared and the prisoner seemed to), ‘ iat arate as is
, Le es og sDAaSD _ wot W states ity of Rofrano telling where he sp rife who tried to pick him off from a. bill to permit price tixing. Mr. Rublee thing. They say that Roosevelt x vot the spotlight. He sr 1 ate war wo \ versthing land
ment to-night denying published reports yi, eicht months in hiding, and per} roof opposite his clubhouse, Then car ‘ooperated with Louis 1. Brandeis in) popular in Arizona and point out that laughed whenever there was an occasion, at joined a
: Gen ‘ array “a nae ser emissaries haps determine the truth of the niany the murders Rofrano’s indictment support of the mens bill permitting Senator As! has od wit Roose. paart Ivy when one witness said that reine oOrmanipe
o Japan and Germany to enlist the SUp- Himors of his hiding place that have jand disappearance. Since then the Home price fixing velt on the Mexiean situation ey feel the Trish prisoners in Limburg thought to Herlin as the
p He wee Our ary in case of wat been circulated while the police searched | piyts has closed its doors and many his bill is now being urged on Con- | that he ts “he was up the pote ner of tt
Pees bow ed States and dtexico, everywhere for him, of its “a have gone back to the gress by the Fair Trade League, and Arizona a “ Th he Was alert to every move be Tle a ‘red that
j the re {is considerable Mr. Littleton has not yet suggested | io! in the hearings ee the Brandeis case ing the tic ite ne was evider from the cease- aval victory he woul
i in the eastern States — the activity of Mr. Brandeis for the displac by a t tens tes he was taki While his: se landed in Treland
\ hat the exican Gov- bill has been criticised by many Sena- with t Colonel o assurance mat ted itsel the was
e t) vemed and burned about .

        

and If Germans

 

      

2 GOAL PRIGES ADVANCED HARDEN APPEALS FOR ce"nias sss % S025

  
      
 

 

     
            
      
   

                    
 

 

    

 

     

         
         

   
       

   

  
  

           

   

    
         

     

         

 

   

 

   

     

   

  

 

   

 
    
 

 

     

 

        

     
   

 

 

 

    

e fire Hiveman to act as a
promised eac
3 t can paper eur ruins was Mr ing Lis messages to eh tc pee Pace
The effect of the vote to-day on the the Republican candidate for Senator bad been d 1 free sige to the United States
The Mexican Statement. ( 4 prospects of Mr. Brandels was not lost from that State, and it is asserted he 8 } daughter ident, Ww passed During this reeital Sir J P rt oth
: ee ee { T0 30 CENTS A TON A RETURN T0 REASON might of Many observers believe that ould w On a Roosevelt ticker edink an oxcurned) inthe Bel te the nv ' !
. travention of the press states it foreshad s Mr. Brandets'@ rejection In Indiana Harry New and James EB. ! w DEP on 7 a es castor looking
\ ment the t that envoys of the The most significant thing was the fact) Watson are the Republican candidates. | t t cee ee wee tat ENG Otnmistt H ;
Cc tit nalist government have been} =_—_ - that Secretary McAdoo failed signally Progressives helped to nominate New as BP? ithe woman. Five minutes later nembIA @ to Hirsi. emotia ree A
s iormany and Japan for the mi ‘ ? ; ., ae a “whipper in’ for the Administra-) against Watson for Senator Kern's place | the body of her husband was carried out, ne of the mes Mh Court. oral paid
> ‘ : ae : b . ; ‘ . ‘ ‘ ’ a. Ot ‘apie n tmily gle i o
purr f arranging secret alliances That's at W holesale—so Cent) Berlin Editor ¢ ondemns Spirit tion, He was at the Capitol last week and think he will win anyway, but those but Mrs, Lawse is too hyste tl to Latte 1 the afterivon, cain ala This is t pelint ved ft
: ne wroul » Courtroom, fenertig the “
Ywith these empires, a proper explanation ; . ‘ : y urging that the Senate confirm Mr. Rub- at) Progressive headquarters here say be told of it Teeter Meter the ARTETA soni 7 the man who 194 val
of tt 1 ices seems to the bu- Jump at Retail I re- Displaved in Germany Ss lee Athat Watsen will have a hard time pu! Piaut e 1 ie eee a a : - A Mdward nye ‘
” beau formation of the Mexican Gov- 7 : : A feature of the debate in the exe- ing through as successor to Senati among the A Mh i ppg mt is on deep a ' ! k
| . SRT at is oman ki ‘ vera
ernine eat this time desirable, dicted, Last Note to U.S, cutive session this afternoon was the at- Bart unless the Progressives get : by the resenu Ameny Wen ee ii " pd . * ' iw just bes fert
t : . ' ‘ ‘ i het Mh s : TherwWer '
Perez Romero has recently re- tack by Senator La Follette upon the him but was at \ Shon rat pe TEE A * "
tur to hi mst in n after a brief SS alleged rule of “Senatorial courtesy." As to Nevada, where Senator New. what had 6 uy penes , me MPR bee The prose .! ithe t
taj ».in Mexto and the United we ie \ ; i He intimated that it was a myth; that lands has been & power in holding the "LT was aitth tte Was tr edow ”
* Rafael Zuburan has been accredited as PHILADELPHIA, May 15.-—The anthra- Special Cable Deapateh to Tin Sus ‘ it had never been recognized in the Democratic organization together, the sald he, Throne Seel Aduntaate nd derision by mo t Trish
Aiplomat representative of Mexico to) ef{te coal operators announced to-diy ‘eRLIN, Via Amsterdam, May 13. ! Senate, and that no precedents could be Progressives f } that while he can hold) yjact) cam erest | ‘on rs, Sir Rowe ‘ yuletiv ar ;
vernment f Germany, Austria, their new schedule of rates, advancing M nitian Harden in Die Zukunft cone found for it hi vt ue th . ill not bY me ie wlauss window \ ne Se i ince toward { . prisoner
Bulgana, Denmark and other European 5 it revealed in Germany’ The rejection of Rublee is the Pe! mans successor | Col the report of troon : ' tht
£ ja, } a t ? sur { bo ae om 10 to 30 centa a ns the spirit revealed in Germany's h Hy ’ aa : eS ‘ ; : are ' troom. earl t i ¥ eh
he ¥ The appointment of neither | Wholesale prices ft cr tha’ Wnttad alas He cone Second import at sustained by [sooseve! ; at the head of the Repub- | jttegtion waa yJadies bring ns cushi Casen th Pave,
or aL " e ft ar . ' { cM tec mele on > e ¢ ' ty ' , ‘ ie sar » i ,
° oft Mficials has any purpose other*ton, This increase, the retailers made ‘ ' : : President Wil in the matter of ap- lican ticke ra ti ally the sate thing pestored fn a V then Then the er \ ‘ ye t tt
! i) they should exercise the ordl- paste to declare, would be passed on to is that the “time has come for the yointments, He was obliged to with- : ee b ite ved — ane CHASE JOE # o'clock Bow street ny Caseme | din owin
a . it is belleved, epublies as ‘y : ;
rary funet of diplomacy the public, together with an additional )'n to assert itself tm che direction | draw the nomination of Thomas D - ne ee Se ina ist oon } te ee aun the window e curbs by thron er Were set free, 1 ed re
PPOIMANE DAYS. BO other harge to reimburse them for heavier)! German affairs, the sword having lones of Chicago for the Federal Ree a Vijtoncock's place Then came iain . enh ier rep ‘ issior 1 are wards and were supplied with green ur
ee wee t the appointment o eu ' ¢ ;. i serve Board ° s * and the gliss «racked again SeETOL hen the formes hte 1 that ree Uy prisoner
: or nile achieve at was s to the fifteen States r hie ¢ ' . +s ,
Sanchez Ascona AS enV to Great) operating charges Incident to the running"! ar, ree ae e wha . Senator Harris of New Hampshire SP ae ee af Schelde oon Ales to hang there and the next moment the ANGUEM UOT ctenhicctnaniiant (ni cblis whan ‘We
; promise i ‘ontint , Republics Seni se te ar \ ) t
Hrit Fr , Spain, Norway, &e., and of their business Th Oo hal come to chooks changed his vote on the Rublee nomina- ) a to expire come, the Progressive Whole window fell ou women, was asked to join the z
> Pahela a nvoyv to Arve uM ne re eae ; j a yes Os } » r ded ; Pihacaie were ‘ saW several persons get p ta wi neater ae Eh tes 6 fois ‘
Rivian os he Si the bs rr a” are) Exactly what the new prices to the | rycen methods invelying the renun en ion Airy sie gn . Ne he might joaders say that the ability. of the Re- sont mivan’ etire teeta) ae far Suntan) SNe S Oe. & one of the to \
ori (oile and the countries o ) acer e privilege Oo move jater yf C ! n 4 an ? i one t lights he ns cause evo by Cusemer
Aimer 4 f these selection A irk householder will be the retailers said of the remainder of the human race a ee i BOS m an AP PSCORe publicans to win in thirteag is not dis- tured the possibility of the whole build 1 the Attorney. eral. 8 Ihe At nes ne +
: ee a eee eta pve ‘ , ild not gay offhand, but that the the return to reason, Arms can end Sderation puted, but that in) Wyoming and Wis- Sine droppit in on us the ceiling fell ye Lis Rmith Where was 4 IArge the all Seat te it “ ree =
. ‘ restoration ; u plow they could not s Marie, i ‘ rat best by an armistice sin the situation will remain in doubt exe . 7 , os oo , ceo on : APR OG MACAINAI " sOger
anat ‘ ) \ he out » wor > wi » paying $0 cents a ton more Wie At , , > ’ 72 VG ’ 1 cOnsin te ' + mt ain IN GOUKt | dows Humber of inilitary officers, while on the rn Berl iis trip to ‘TD his
| _ s 2 ' : _ re pune ree eens > . the anihian The whole nation must prohibit the BRAN DE IS J OTE N E AR. until Roosevelt is nominated “The walls crumbled 1 felt a blow on + among re ; Marl Tys rr na ' t ! ‘ ' 1 ‘ tl
: e preit ‘ fo the reinstiturio this fa Mi ierly é t -of all methods of warfare which are Se cee . , A : ; mak +e " AEE, | UTI ‘ f sOOG t v
‘ le tl tie orvic lis mae TT. Woe tes . . | , “ mn could feel myself sink- 1. Campbell and Sir blo e sail ' Monteit? sho
‘ iplomatic service Of eommonly expressed Hees : : : rd 7 the head, and 1 ad i am) Sir ra Hailey and Monteith, w
ls the repu : ‘ m Matail oe prices made by the oper vely i bring the war to a ft and senate Judletary Committee WH Would Quit Senatorial Race. ing. | found myself down by un Other prominent personages er He ld of the
" iturs show an advance of 10 cents a ton H ‘ s H saan acvubes: the Cannan Take It To-morrow, The Progressive leaders are prepared wi ; know Was tor of 8 : \ : Ke arrives biter waa ship wil oO ritle
O » at har al: 2 ents ' i 2h § . " 4 sromise tie te leans t : eouk mrely see Hw spec of daviigt t 10°80 o'eloek there was hus the Casement arre on er t poi
? tial Progress, on buckwheat coal 1 ae SSNs Oo Mea coders of obstructing the conclusion of Wasninaton, May 15. ‘The Senate (0 brome the Repu ars th ay £01 Then, after an titerminable time - heard serine Court! a - ee ' M Kk ' Went \ _
‘ ‘hs . ‘neae on chestnut; 30 on stove, and 30° on 4 4 at favorable noasible ; : 4 7 : ; Roosevelt's nomination they will guar. Yen, at an WHat ’ Vea ‘ ! ing, e door back knowin ae elinna’s I Wie tae
: ¢ 4 n States of Me x co, Yuca z Broken coal, of which very little)!" ito the mos it ie é ' " « Judiciary Committee will teke a vote on intee to gull out of the Senatorial race chopping, and presently Fo owas taken the benel: was sl thy opened Magis: into eusiod hie eid e wa Rochard
ft ‘ I's » and Chiapas, if $ nent that Germany is kely to have Wednesday on the question of reporting ‘' r : . aes o ' i¢ \ A of eient
i - > affecte | ae 7 ; 4 , ’roere: , . 5 ut rate Sir John Diekinson ent 1, Hravel Mo i) oat f} rharoshive
2 s ttle disturbed by the| ja used, will not be affected | scheatan far The German coms ¢ romination of Louls D. Brandela to| mo t of the Proeressive candidates bs Sa ah , ite r John ; } t J iwely M ' youl mM ive
m trides The schedule came through the Phila t noand children are tore 4 me 1 f the 8 c ‘ ce 1p They have some doubts ag to. their The Serris brothers escaped by way) bowing to the right, left and forward He ow ‘ d ia | ur
i e making great stride : : t vyomen and ehile are tor- i amber of > Supreme r re pid : " "
" tow Oe at T 7 Houthe delphia and Reading Coal and Tron I by h ‘ wel Hert Harden considers fe ceaererann th ut the aitite ian Beas ability to do this in a few States where, Of the kitchen Phat even high treason charges were a code ¢ . wits
’ ve at , 8 : | » < ll 8 . ' ash 2 ‘ i :. roger . in j - not permitted to impede the orderly rou Awa further inet Have
ai ik 1) the Company (Compania | Company fhartoularly unfortunate, saying that ably will be reported without recommen-| [EY Sy the Trogressive spirit) is) so HS p Pt dry i ee ee cee waatt | a
Suntania da Atexiooy ial . livesident Wilson would be perfectly dation, ‘Then will follow a fight on the Streng and the dewire to maintain a third CRASH OUTSIDE THE HOOK. e man ae antacaa Pe ann) oy sh Peers oe ig ‘ Pee i See
vith a capital of $100.-| INTERNED ALIENS SLAIN IN RIOT fied in replying that the United) qfoor ef the Senate party organization is so ardent that it h ne mare ie BAe cn side nr .
bi lo . : minor charge !
” v7 Jd. whieh will undé@re lan — Stites has done noth gw to frustrate the At the committee meeting to-day tt) Wil be difleult to make such an are | Htallan Liner San Giovanni Rams ; “ou . remanded until! June 8 ‘ te Won
; =? : e ; P ce a | ; ict P anecement ° are ‘ ue Wn ” ‘ ‘ , .
. of public utility, but n Canada Can Rebel | lish starvation plans becuuse he has) was agreed that a fair exchange of tameeme : oa raiamive Tait ia Taare ce ei ‘eon 7
’ il ling and operae| Austrians 1 od oagain and again from German) views on the case should follow, but that It is pointed out by Progressive lead- the Swedish Grehkland, auld ont wade ert apIy unit the ot \ wh } ai . Ay
t e States and Are Bayoneted, Wielals that the English plan was! the statements should be held seeret and ers here that this argument should have The Ttallan Hner San Giovanni, wiieh ; i hy h 4 re , i ee ie ; ih an ' 4s ; 1
. | ‘ 7 rie ig ' Path cas ts a n § ‘ ' ' n is he door noiuar i t (‘as ‘ ipare
fy tan has granted, mpoponro, May 15 A serious clash | vned to failure that Senators should pledge themselves reat weight w iM Geh men as Senators | led yesterday for Genoa, about mide ayy Guts wi pened a nent I ber iaade ina t yet f tier
0” TO, Mit} + y ' Yen odgre ark ¢ to pen , aut : +18 So Opene ] werner iad ‘ x » Be ’
} ; ity and will, ‘curred at Kapuskasing internment Phe Zukunft's editor attacks the Pruss | not to talk outside As a result the, Ve mee A moss ‘ ' irk and Warren, all night last night struck the Swedish and pailey entered the do srs He visited e Gorman Foveigt
' in the name coe in northern Ontario between joo Conmmrvative leader Heydebrand for impression got abroad that something Of whom hel: PaLinonshine Of Vory Kteumehip Grekland just outside Sandy Sie cintadeninie ih init’ GL ekrauThal Ot hint ran mR ais ‘
ot e ; . c tant «oe littees t y ae he d le \ ¢ ain ; anithta Mheve ; ‘ \ it ‘
uta The duration ral hundred interned alien ene ‘sing President Wilson fer allowing unusual had happe ned uNpor ea umn gen up to four yeu Hook The ltalian dine started Diaek 4 ing Atto y-Ceneral, ino mionoter ef ready to ‘
¢ : rit 1 7 ; y CAC Bs . This whetted the curiosity until in ase They think that a laudable destre : ; POT orhey-Cieneral ! eu K
charter will be 100 mies and the 200 voldiers on guard. thunitionus to go,to the Allies Hie tell@ eye for peraonal roalovation Adod for port 1 the Grekland sent out a tones outlined Sir) Roger's enreer ‘ 1 the { ‘
? # fence » . C omy > o eVsOni we ‘ me " ( Si t i
‘ years Reports are fragmentary, but a despateh Heydebrand that Germany has supplied -defence members of the committer a ae ae eee, \ dee us wirelera call for help, but what damage !ine Crown's cage. Not oneo did he give alle nea lNe 4G ty
a Mexican paper ie neal peepee to-night says at Jeast > munitions to every belligerent: in the, bad to explain that the unusual reti-) pater : a 9 country and | ing vege sustained cou not he ‘ ‘et . titl her than “Case. ef stated he had
F from Cochrane & ; i ‘ | cence was due to the “gentle rans agree.) the tariff will turn the trick for the , data ’ ' the prisoner a e oothe ' ise seg
edeemed with gold) me alien is dead, nine are severely Ine world in the decades past and that she! ¢ nt in Mt to tall about the meet ng or! Colonel at Chicago As for the ability learned A dense for covered y water ment Not once did he raise | \ ai Wi her oW t ‘
» hwen | rated | one AM itis . bah Ber , Vim preve Proms ’ j men f mee > Meat! : vga . Bip stl » he ' » reve neo ‘ nt near Trale Ir a@antyait wo
” at ito! te Ai aa ee TT jured and four others les ner rusty hurt, it prevented fr m supplying ie Roors| what individual Senators had said. on| of the Republicans to carry the Senate at the Bie Ot the ae ident I reve (hove a low. piteh Not on e did ; ‘ A ! \ " view A ny "gd ¥! one
Ss Si t fe lays Trouble had occurred at Petewawa in With a@omunition “on y ” “ wane HOR | the merits of the Brandeis case }with Justice Hughes or) some other) He eutter Mohawk started out frome the esort to oamything approae A x deola ‘ Tosevery : wid i it
: vy ner ew ¢ ym fernment camp in. eastern Ontario last power ovhieh now prevents Germany Some of the committee are opposed to! candidate at the head of the ticket, the Hitrge Office at the Battery ta response pjation, even when he told of Casement) tmunitie ind aasguised a dg timbe
’ ex ooun naner 7) ' 1 ' ron we , ere iti x! S , the tire ‘ w onall hence: | ite 1 is ' re 1 shit nts ) * gu ? worave
Pp , ssbb eee ane ‘week, and the aliens being too much | from getting American munition a report without recommendation, say-| Progressives refuse to concede at. ‘Phoy | (the Grekland'’s cal wing hooted and hissed and struck by sh Ven on Bu Ww sonar
se ? il valid issues, by earns guard six carloads of Austrians Referring to Heydebrand’ss lament for ing it looks like an effort to evade the) say that the Progressives generally The Grekland was inbound. She sailed Lrish prlsane var at Limburs when ‘ uu ‘ we tas
: ' t ! iwere sent to Kapuskasing, On arrival) the grief of Germans whe mourn the issue, but it seemed probable to-day that) might support a Mresidential candidate , from St Vincent, Cape Verde Islands, the prisoner tried to seduce f ey Phe oner further stated Me
te : FORu t of the Mons | they refused to do manual labor, and) bloodshed caused by Atmerican munitions | qhe committee would) net make any indorsed by the Colonel, but that thoy en Apri iti ince of Capt. Ander HMegiance or of the drarmiat air Veal ' 7” 7 o be ratde
te ; ddl whe q two months | while their leaders were held in counsel tlarden asks if thei rief ie more peconamendation to the Senate The would balk at helping out the Repub. berg She is a ship et bash tans Hor on the sands of Avdfert ina Js Attorne Ps e ac, MW ye v4 a "4
fron eee of withdrawing | the others rushed the camp, only to be) poignant than that whieh followed the | President is said to be very active and ticans in the Senatorial contests unless wireless call was rebiyed te the Britiei ble boat from a German submarine den SL Lai ) Be mnt \ i ’
© paper currency Is- met by bayonets while shots were fired | rouge wrought by the Krupp's mur-) determined to force the coufirmation of he were the Republican candidate hime steanmeshin Portuguese @rince aud (he As the various statements were made ait we Rite ne the neigh mi a ‘
. . . ste . ‘asemen ( hie bead with a ralee ght: ( suspleious {ip ng
ted to flee, derous products, hie nominee, self, i steamer Rowan, Casement would shake t |
Continued on T . at some who attemp tome t
“don Third Page, i
’