EF

iq
i

 

>

* Boott, comma:
nedic dons nt a at ure, Joh

“Ta VW se» NEWYORK, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1008—comonmmurumnremeetromme smn RIE 1¥0 OB
GODSPEED TO ROBLEY RYANS

LAKE MOHONK HELPS RETIRE
HIM FROM THE NAVY. -

 

 

fis Birthday, Tee, ead There Was a Loving
cup and a Tribute From Reosevelt

_He'd Fight All His Battles Again,

if Called Upen—‘Batld Battieships.’’

Lake Mowong, N. Y., Aug. 18—“For
jome of us, skipper, your flag will always
A
Yale Evans got that telegram at
unset to-night, and it expressed the senti-
ment of the day, which marks his retire-
ment from the navy of the United States
and is his sixty-second birthday as well.
fo be sure, he was all bundled up in a rolling
phair, with a game leg clean out of com-
mission, and, to make matters worse, at a

resort famous for its peace conferences.
But his friends, in spirit and body, were
with him, and that was enough.

There was a suspicious little break in
bis voice when he read his stack of mes-
pages, but he was too game to be routed
in the last skirmish, He retreated in good

order.
One person lamented that Evans had

‘pot been made a Vice-Admiral.

“My reward has been the affection of
the American people, God bless them and
you,” was what Evans wired back.

Fvery cot and nook of the great hotel
bad been engaged for a week ahead, and
possibly the only person that was not just
ave bit excited over the occasion was the
Admiral. They had his chair rigged up
on the afterdeck of the biy veranda and
the way the women poked tea and dainties
at him was worth coming up to Lake Mo-
honk to see.

Mrs. Evans and her daughters, Mrs. C. C.
Marsh, wife. of Lieutenant-Commander
Marsh, and Mrs. H. I. Sewell, the wife of
a tobacco planter in Porto Rico, were there
with their husbands. Admiral Higginson,
whom everybody called Higgy, he being
a boy of some 60-odd, cast consternation
into the camp by announcing that he had
got his invitation for the party late and
could not stay because he did not have his
dress suit and plug hat. And Higgy did
not stay late, although John Arbuckle
offered him his outfit.

“My boy, I feel as fit as-a fiddle and con-
fidently expect to live to be 100 years old,”
said the Admiral to THe Sun _ reporter.
*My leg is bothering me a little, but, hell,
what's that?”

“Yes, sir, I'm gaining half a pound a day,”
the Admiral continued. “When I get
launched again at Washington in the fall
some of the ancient mariners will say
‘There's young Evans.’ You bet I'll be
cleared for action.”

“Are battleships the thing?” he was
asked.

cre, 5s ROee See Of . In-
stead of our 20 tonners Jet's make it
* %,000, with © ectiles to match, Ameri-

can battleships talk in any language.
The battle fleet's cruise is a better argument
for peace than all the conferences that were
ever thought of.”

There was not much time for supper
because everybody had ¢o spruce up for
the big show later. This was in the parlor
directly under the Admiral's battle flag
from the Iowa, badly shot to pieces but
an eloquent tribute to its gallant com-
mander. It did one’s heart good to witness
the reception Fighting Bob got when his
daughter wheeled bim in. Albert Smiley,
the original Mohonker, and J. Edward
Simmons, president of the New York Cham-
ber of Commerce, bossed things. Mr.
Simmons led off by a letter from President
Roosevelt, which said in part4

“Admiral Evane’s has been one of the
most honorable careers of our public ser-
vants. All good Americans owe him a
debt of gratitude. In a peculiar degree
his name typifies the growth of our - navy
from the days of Farragut to the day when
Admiral Evans himself brought into the
Pacific waters the mightiest war fleet that
had ever appeared west of Magellan or
east of Suez, commanding this fleet during
the first period of a voyage such as no
other fleet of the kind of any nation has
ever taken.

“It is eminently appropriate that the re-
ception to Admira] Evans should be given
in what you well call ‘A veritable temple of
peace,’ for the United States Navy is the
best guarantee of peace we have.”

A greeting from Gov. Hughes, written
from Saranac Lake, followed. Among
letters were those of Paul Morton, former
Secretary of the Navy; Capt. Anson G.
MoCook, Admiral J. E. Pillsbury and Dr.
dames M. Taylor, president of Vassar Col-
lege. The decks were then cleared for
totion, and Dr. Andrew 8. Draper, Com-
missioner of Education of New York State,
gail a loving cup. The engraving
rea

Presented to Rear Admiral Robley PD.
Evans by the guests of Jake Mohonk Moun-
tain House on his retirement from active
service in the United States Navy in apprecia-
tion of his long and distinguished services,
August 18, 1903.

The Admiral was in a tight corner. He
tried to talk and then made believe that he
was smiling and bowing. The audience
behaved as it does in the “Music Master”
when David Warfield finds that little one
eyed doll. Things looked a bit weepy,
but the Admiral sang out from the bridge
(his rolling chair, of course):

“It may not be out of place for me to say

that during my forty-eight years of service |:
I have done all in my power to uphold the

Senor and dignity of my country, and that

I have loved the dear old flag as I love
tothing else in this world.

“That I have suffered severely under
that flag must be evident to any one who
sees me, but I would live my life over again
just as | have lived it if I knew the suffering
was to be a thousand times as great. I
8° to the retired list with a feeling that
It is a reward for long and honorable ser-
Vice, and I hope to enjoy the rest and oom-
fort it may bring, unless some emergency
pal call me back into active service, when

T shall give all that remains of me to my
Country as willingly as I have given the

years of my manhood.”

Evans's voice was firm and clear. It
Carried to every part of the room, and

litte time was wasted in saying what !

he had to tell. The Admiral was smiling,

and he finished oven ones ‘was another
nstration when th ght him a

birthday cake dotted with zixtpet meena

ner, A t ot ten wer we

retired the Admin

Among tiowe present were L.
Cc.

eae A Vanderp James P and

= we

 

+ NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, _

DUMMIES FOR P. 8. BOARD.

 

Lay Figures Are to Re Used in Safety
' Device Tests.

When a wagon drove up in front of the
offices of the Public Service Commission
yeaterday and half a dozen men proceeded
to remove what seemed to be bodies of
human beings a crowd quickly collected.
The firet idea that the throng scemed to have
was that the inanimate figures were those
of persons who had been in a railroad acci-
dent, and that they were brought to the
offices of the commiesion as some sort of an
exhibit.

The figures were dummies that are to be
Ore citcre evar ov ye merce tn romoeepecy
and Pitteburg of many types of f and
wheel guards with which the board is to
experiment for the purpose of ordering cara
in thie city to be equipped with a device that
will tend to lessen the lose of life every year
in New York by the running down of per-
@ons on the etreeta. There were three
figures delivered yesterday, one of a man,
another of a woman and the third of a boy.
They were made of papier maché and each
‘was 60 modelled and dreased to the minutest
detail as easily to give the.impression that
they were not lay figures.

One of the officials of the Public Service

4 that while he wae standing on the sidewalk
he heard one of the bystanders say: “Well,
I guess they are not the only dummies in the
commission.”

The first teats of the safety devices will be
held in Schenectady next month. The ex-
periments will last at least two weeks. A
complete pickup or removal from the track
by a fender or wheel guard shall count four
pointe; if any part of a dummy remains
under the fender or guard three pointe shall
be counted; if the dummy is for the most part
under the fender or guard, but still ia par-
tially picked up, two pointe shall be counted;

fender or wheel guard, but dragged suffi-
ciently to prevent it going under the wheels
of the car, one point shall be counted.

The teste at Pitteburg, which will be held
in that city for the convenience of the West-
ern manufacturers, will begin on October 20.
It is the expectation of the Public Service
Commission that as a result of the experi-
mente at Pitteburg and Schenectady it will
be possible to provide safety equipments
for the cars of the city that will greatly re-
duoe the number of deaths by accidents on
the oar tracks.

DIVORCED FROM A TEACHER.

A. C. Weodward'’s Wife Made No Defence
to His Charges.

Aubrey C. Woodward, a New York adver-
tising man, has obtaiued a final decree of
divorce from his wife, Theodora L. Wood-
ward. Itwas ranted by Supreme Court Jus-
tice Townsend Scudder. The couple formerly
lived in Forty-sixth street, Mrs.
Woodward was a’ teacher in Public ‘School
196, at Fourth avenue and Fortieth street,

and last fall-was transferred to
the so at Nifth ‘avenue and Ninety-
second strest, where ehe taught children of
ten to twelvé.yeare: Shoe did not defend'the
sult or make any reply to the allegations
of ber husband.

Woodward testified that his wife had
been guilty of improper conduct at the
Glen Island Hotel with John E. Turner of
Paterson, N. J.. and again in Paterson at
188 Straight street with Turner in April
of last year. Witnesses testified that im-
proprieties had also been committed by
the defendant at a camp at Lake Hopatcong,
yet she and her husband were accustomed

to spend the summer season.

 

 

RAINLESS FORESTS BURNING UP.

Half Dozen British Columbia Towns in
Danger Again—Heavy Less.

Cranseoox, B. C., Aug. 18.—Bush fires,
fanned by a winds, are burning furi-
ously to-night in several parte of this prov-
ince, Some half dozen towns are again in
danger. The fire near Kimberley is beyond
control and is running north toward Skoo-
kumohick Creek.

Though Sullivan and Kimberley are in
danger it is hoped they can be saved. There
is a bad fire east of Moyie and another is
near Ryan. No rain has fallen for more
than a month.

A bad fire is raging between Port Essing-
ton and Prince Rupert. On Vanoouver
Island the town of Mount Sicker has been
practically wiped out. Throughout British
Columbia dozens of fires are cutting wide
swaths through some of the best timber
belts on the continent. On Vancouver
Island alone the damage is estimated by
timber cruisers at over $10,000,000.

BEEF OUSTS THOROUGHBREDS.

Col. Milton Yeung Sells MoeGrathiana Stad
for About $100,000.

Lexincton, Ky., Aug. 18.—Col. Milton
Young to-day sold to R. A. and W. S. Beasle
of Lancaster the famous MoGrathiana
stock farm for $150 an acre for the original
McGrath track, which contains about four
hundred acres, and $125 for the remainder,
making a total of $100,000. The farm
will be converted in pg 4 A des oer
being for fifty years one merica’s fore-
moet Woronabired breeding establish-
ments.

MoGrathiana was the home of Aristides,
Tom Bowling, Hanover and hundreds of
noted horses. The disposal of the farm
by Col. Young is the direct result of the

ent herens tion in New York and
ee Ook Toe was beavily in, deot

not

 

 

 

 

i DEPUTY SHERIFF UP FORTHEFT.

and a Judge Accused of Stealing a
Horse and Carriage at Sayville.
Sarvre, L. 1., Aug. 18.—Deputy Isaac
Bedell, Sheriff Wells's foremost catcher of
speeding motorists, was charged with
stealing a horee and carriage yesterday at
| Sayville and wueeeD. D.. Bans See
ho has figured
| arrested mo rotoriste, is charged as alt accom-
J. 8. Newton, a ro
cence. eve 20

 

oe

if the dummy ie entirely under the

Gh

 

A $6,000,000 MET, DEFICIT | ©

THE RECORD OF NINE MONTHS
OF RECEIVERSHIP.

 

 

This Loss Includes Unpaid Interest and
Defaulted Rentals—Operating Expenses
Jumped From 66 te 80 Per Cent. of the
Gross Earnings—Property Depreciated.

Adrian H. Joline and Douglas Robinson,
receivers for the New York City Railway
Company, submitted yesterday to Judge
Lacombe a statement of their receivership
from September 25, 1907, to June 90. It
appears that there has been a deficit of
about $6,000,000 in nine months. The gross
earnings were $11,647,147, but the operating
expenses were $0,268,888, considered a
heavy amount. Taking into consideration
other expenses, the deficit was about $1,392,-
000, but for the nine month period the
company has defaultetl $4,720,118 in rentals
to lines leased or under other agreements.
The statement covers a period when
Messrs. Joline and Robinson were receivers
of the entire City Railway system. Since
then the receiverships have been separated,
Messrs. Joline And Robinson being made
receivers for the Metropolitan Street Rail-
way Company and William W. Ladd for
the New York City Railway Company.

This is the detailed statement of the gross
earnings and the operating expenses:

Gross earnings:

  
 

 

Casb fares.. ve amet 497 007.04
Ticket fares... 28,437.46
Mail.. 619.23
Express... eso e tree cece eee teesscevenseerese 20,883.41
TOtadicr.cccccsessccccsoccvcncecreveces a1, $47,147.14
Operating expenses:
Maintenance of way and structures... 9929,012.50
Maintenance of equipment... 1,012,253.92
Operation of power plant.............- 900,431.55
Operation Of CBIB....... 6.66 ce eee e eee 8,089,086.60
Injuries and emteer-Sseenece' © 40,713.40
Injuries and damages—deferred... 606,204.17
GEMOTOD is ciiccceccccssctocscesvorsctocne _08,078.88
MOGAE che cces taco cetccsccsoesserecssd “90,260, 638.57

Income from advertising, rental of Jand
and buildings and other sources brought
the gross income up to $2,817,001. Under
the heading of “Deductions from Income”
these items are specified:

Taxes—other than special franchise... $607,424
Taxes—special franchise—estimated oa
basis of assessment for year ended

December $1, 1907...........--0+e0e cee 500,812.66,
Rent of leased lines on which perma- oa

sont default hes S60 Neg SOAiSb. 1 : 2,196,791.08
Interest on funded debts of companies

whose roads are operated under

agreements on which permanent de-

fault has not been made.............. 70,083.33
Interest on real estate mortgage... 36,416.67
Interest on floating debt... 2,112.96
Claims against companies ‘ta hands of

POOGIVOTE. 0. 0c sec ccercceedeccesscveees 388,197.27

 

the default on rentals of $4,720,
is a statement of the default on aaeens
bonds and rentals:

Metropolitan Street Railway Company:
General Collateral

trust mortgage.,..... $12,500,000 @ 5% $625,000
4 per cent. refunding

MOrtgage........- +++ 16,604,000 @ 4% 664,160
Dividend rental on

capital stock.. .. 62,000,000 @ 7% 3,640,000

Third Avenue "Rattroad Company:
First mortgage.. .. $3,000,000 @ 5% $250,000
First

mortgage..........-. 37,560,000 @ 4% 1,502,400
Dividend rental on i

capital stock... 15,005,800 @ 6% 050,748

Central Crosstown. Railroad Company:

Dividend rental on
capital stock.. fa $000,000 @ 15% $00,000
Fulton Street Railroad Company:
First mortgage... _ $600,000 @ 4% _ 820,000
POUR es fekiasenieses "$140, 780,900 $7,761,308
Central Park, North and East River Railroad
Company:
Dividend rental on
capital stock......... $1,800,000 @ 9% $162,000
Tweaty elehth an and Twenty-ninth Streets Cross-
town Railroad one
First mortgage......... $1,500,000 @ 5% ‘$75,000
Totals................ $8,800,000 $237,000
Grand totals.. , $144,050,800 $7,988,308
This statement « as to defaults covers the
entire year. Representatives of the com-
pany said that in considering the total
deficit, figuring in the $4,720,113 of default
on rentals, it should be remembered that
the company no longer got on $52,000,000
stock the 7 per cent. guaranteed by the
Metropolitan Securities Company, which
was about $3,500,000.
Under the old management the operating
expenses were about 65 per cent. of the
gross . Yesterday's statement in-
dicates that the operating expenses under
the receivers have jumped to about 80
per cent. of the gross earnings. ‘The de-
preciation of the company's property prob-
ably had never been taken into account
before, one official of the road said, and
the estimate had been made on ‘stock that
was new and did not need as much repair
and tinkering. Also they might be paying
the penalty for the past method of charging
up certain expenses.

 

DIES A’ SECOND TIME.

 

Hospital Doctors Say They Revived Culver

Once, but Couldn't Do It Again.
Oscar Culver, the patient in the Easjern
District Hospital, in Williamsburg, who
was said by the iran to have
been revived by a ic injection
of strychnine and artifical respiration
after having been dead for about three
minutes on Monday evening, died at about
5 o'clock yesterday despite the efforts
of the doctors in the institution to pro-
long his life. The doctors took turns dur-
ing the night in continuing the artificial
respiration, while Culver’s wife, who had
gone to the hospital after being notified
that he was dead, sat near by watohing
them.

 

KILLED IN THE ALPS.

Actress ‘and Vielinist Fall From Precipice
~The Fermer Dead.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

 

 

FIGHT FOR SNAKE BITTEN MAN.

ose of Washington Zoo May Live if He
Can Keep Awake.

Wasuincton, Aug. 18.—Physicians at
the Emergency Hospital have fought for
twenty-four hours and etill are fighting
for the life of Rodney Rose, a keeper in the
Washington 200, who was bitten yesterday
by a rattlesnake. Foe onlet miregeie 6 So
keep Ross awake. The torpor produced
by the virus injected hog 4 body las
night possesses him like a sleeping drug,
and the doctors say that if he eleeps for
any length of time he will die.
An encouraging symptom is the absence
thus far of convulsions. The crisis will be
reached between 11 and 1 o'clock to-night.
To give Ross strength to meet it hd was
allowed occasional naps to-night.
The effect of the venom of a rattlesnake
on the human bot © cere e@ red
corpuscles. The serum that is ss Ay
neutralizes the effect of the poison by
eorbing it, the serum in turn being
posed of as any other impurity. The serum
is of comparatively recent discovery and
physicians are watching Rose's case with a
reas ddal it teen
Late to-night the physicians stated that
Rose was holding his own. The swelling
‘which caused his arm and hand to become
more than three times their natura! size
has been stopped at the shoulder,

PROF. BAILEY RECONSIDERS.

May Yet Head the Roosbvelt Commission
for the Upiift of Farmers.
Irmaca, N. Y., Aug, 18.—Liberty Hyde
Bailey, director ‘of the New York State
College of Agriculture, who was appointed
chairman of President Roosevelt's com-
mission for the uplift of the farmer, has
reconsidered his refusal to serve as head
of the commission. It is understeod that
Mr. Roosevelt has urgently requested Dean
Bailey to take the job and that bis hopes
for the success of the project are largely
based on what the Cornell agricultura)
expert can do in shaping the action and
scope of the commission's investigation.

Many telegrams and letters have poured in
on Prof. Bailey from farmers, agricultural
educators, public men and Cornell alumni
from every section of the country asking
thst he reconsider his decision and take
the position. These letters have come in
ever aince his declination was published.
The greatest obstacle in Prof. Bailey's
way is his directorship at Cornell, which
takes all his time. He would be unwilling,
his friends say, to undertake the work of
the commission unleas he was assured that
he could give his best efforts and all of
his time to the prosecution of the work.
Unless Cornell University will relieve him
temporarily of hie position and give him
a leave of absence be will not serve.

Eg

il

 

 

MUST STRIKE OR BACK DOWN.

 

Prrrssune, Saracen oh be cos
Mine Workers down p will be one
of ‘the biggest cirikes ‘in the history of

mining ‘here. ‘This evenitig
the Pittsburg district announced that they
would go no further in assisting their em-

f

who handed it over to the union.

union officiala demanded recently that
be increased to 65 cents per month.
nent operators declare to-night that if
miners decide to start trouble oer
abolish the rakeoff entirely and force t
officials to do their own collecting.

 

BIG TIM IS FOR CHANLER.

 

Hopes He'll Be Named for Governor—Gives
Brave Piedge to Bryan.
Cnricaao, Aug. 18.—Big Tim Sullivan of
New York arrived in Chicago from Seattle
this morning and pledged Tammany Hall,
New York and such of the country ash
been in recently to William Jennings Bryan.
“Political conditions are fine for Bryan all
over the country,” said Sullivan. “They are
especially good in New York, which we ex-
pect to carry for Mr, Bryan, our candidate
for Governor and the entire State ticket.”
“Will Tammany support Bryan loyally?”
was asked.
“Will it!” exclaimed the Senator. “Tam-
many never was anything but regular. We
cannot teach our voters to split a ballot, for
they might turn around and come back and
do us gome day. Tammany would support
ite bitterest enemy if he were the regular
Democratic nominee. _That is why we
live.”
“Who will be your nominee for Governor?”
“Chanler, our present Lieutenant-Gov-
ernor, I hope,” said Big Tim.
Chairman Mack to-day got word from
Mr. Bryan that he would arrive in Chicago
next Saturday and remain until Monday
afternoon, when he will go to Indianapolis
to attend the Kern notification.

NOW IT’S THE ALBANY SHERIFF,

 

 

Hughes Asked to Remove Besoh for Not
Gambling.

ALsany, Aug. 18.—The Civio League to-
day preferred charges against Sheriff Beech
of Albany cr Oe and asks Gov. Hughes
to remove him. The league accuses the
Sheriff of having allowed policy, pool-
rooms and other forms of gambling
Albany, Colonie and Waterviiet, all in Al-
bany county. It submite affidavits of
agents of the league who say oe.

&

H

   

7f

$8

    
      
             
    
 

      
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
     
    
   
     
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

PRISONERS FAST IN CBLLS

 

STATION
TIGHT.

NEW TENDERLOIN
HOLDS THEM TOO

 

Police Can't Unieck Doors to Get Four
Prisoners for the Night Court—station
With Speaking Tubes, Electric Bells,
Show er Baths and Garage—Beds In Cells

The new Tenderloin police station was
opened for business at midnight last night,
and the first four men taken to cells were
looked in eo well that when Doorman
Haggersmith went to take them out to be
arraigned in the night court he couldn't
get them out. At 1 o'olook this morning
Capt. Murphy had his reserves scouting
all over that part of the town routing look-
amiths out of bed-to try their hands on the
new locks.

The cells in the new station are in a build-
ing separated from the station house proper
by a court. A big iron door leads to the
cell corridor, and in both the men’s and
women’s section the celle are arranged in
two tiers.

When the doorman tried.to work the
locks on the lower tier to put in four pris-
oners he found that the keys didn’t fit.
Then he tried the cells on the upper tier,
and the locks opened very nicely. After
the prisoners had been locked in the door-
man tried the locks and found that the
keys wouldn't budge them. He hustled
down and told Capt. Murphy.

When Capt. Murphy went back with him

@ach contains a shower bath.

equpiment. As the Tenderloin uses an
automobile patrol wagoo an up to date
garage is in the rear of the building.

In spite of ita size the new building is in a
precinct much smaller than that for which
the old building was used in ite earlier days.
The Tenderloin originally extended from
Fourth to Seventh avenue and from Four-
teenth to Forty-second street. About a
year ago Commissioner Bingham split off
the sections south of Twenty-seventh street
and organized a new precinct.
The future of the old building hae not
been settled. It may be used as the stable
and headquarters of Traffic Squad‘C. The
fixtures which remain are to be sent out to
the Ozone Park station, although the Ten-
derloin reporters will make a strong bid for
the lieutenant’s desk.

Within ten minutes ofter the midnight
opening of the station about twenty plain
clothes men with prisoners showed up all
anxious to have the distinotion of bringing
in the first prisoners, Detective Schendler
got there first. He had arrested Jobn
Zaplits of 201 West 10ist street for assault,

LION KILLS A BIG BEAR.

Accidentally Get Inte His Cage at Coney
and They Fought te the Death.

 

 

  

 
      
 
   

AUGUST 1 9. 1908. —Coprright, 1008, by The Sun Printing ond Publishing Association,

@lLPROFr. UPSON A SUICIDE.

Minnesota Poet and Former College
structer Drowns Himself.

Muorgarouis, Minn., Aug. 18.—Arthur
W. Upson, former professor at the Uni-
versity of Minnesota and a poet of some
note, rene Tea ae
was found in the river at Bemidji, Minn.

Arthur Tipson® though only 29 years old
had done distinotive worl as a poet and
critic of literature Among his published
works are “Octaves in an Oxford Garden,”
which he wrote at Oxford; “The Sign of the
Harp,” “The City,” “The Tides of Spring,”
and “West Wind Songs.”

He was born in Camden, N. Y., was un-
married and had lived abroad many years.
In 1904 he spent the summer on the Isle of
Man, the guest of Hall Caine, who considered
him his protégé.

In March, 1906, when he was an assistant
professor of literature at the University of
Minnesota, Mr. Upson leaped from a bridge
near the university into the Mississippi
River.

A bridge watchman who saw him fall
fished him to a boom. He had left home
in good spirits and the only explanation of
his attempted suicide was a recurrence
of melancholia from which he had suffer ed
two years before.

TEN HITS IN TEN SHOTS.

The Feat Elicits Praise From Secretary
Wright for Coast Artillery Ce.

 

, Artillery
manding officer of the 148th Company,
stationed at Fort Baker, California, oom-
mare the officers and men for their
in target practice. On July 21 a record
t. was made. Ten hits were
shots with the 5 inch rifles

at the rate of 9.4 miles an hour, at a mean
range of 2,150 yards. The hits were made
minute and 58 seconds. ‘

_

 

Quite Unlike Merry Widows.
Isabel Holland and Mary Moore, Boston
milliners who have been studying styles in
Paris, arrived yesterday by the North
German Lloyd steamship Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse with sample hata for the fall,
which look as much like a merry widow cre-
ation as a baby parasol does like aeong and
umbrella.

This is the comparison of the milliners
themselves, who say the reaction from the
expansive hat is extreme.

300 BALLOTS, NO RESULT.

Still a Deadlock in the 28th Congress
Cenvention.

 

 

SARATOGA CASE TO SCHURMAN.

Governor's Former Law Partaer Will Hear
the Bradicy Charges.

Gov. Hughes to-night appointed George
W. Schurman of New York city commis-

and formerly was Gov. Hughes's law

Mr. Schurman called at the Executive
Mansion to-night. He will open the hearing
on the charges at Balston, county seat of
Saratoga opunty, on Monday, August 31.

1. H. ENNIS

KILLED.
Assistant Under Secretary for Ireland
Jounced From a Jannting Car.
Special Cable Despatch to TaE Sun.
Dosim, Aug. 18.—T. H. Ennis, Aasist-
ant Under Secretary for Ireland, was thrown
from a jaunting car to-day and killed in-
stantly.

AUTO_SMASHES CARRIAGE.

Causing Team to Kun Away, and Three
Persons Are Hurt.
SramrorD, Conn., Aug. 18.—Rush Tag-
gart, Jr., of 819 West Seventy-fifth street,
New York, and his two daughters were in-
jured at Sootts Corners, two miles from
their summer home at New Canaan, to-day.
They were driving a team of Mr. Taggart’s
horses when the automobile of Dr. George
B. Best of Englewood, N. J., driven by Dr.
Best and ocovfpied by members of his family
attempted to pass them on a narrow road.
The car hit the Taggart carriage, broke a
wheel and caused the horses to run away.
Mr. Taggart and his daughters were thrown
out. They were bruised and suffered from

 

 

 

 

WOODRUFF FLIRTS WITH LABOR.
That May Be Reason for Postponement of
Workingmen's Convention.

The convention of the State Working-
men’s Federation of Labor which has been

 

GERMAN AERO FLIES 95 MILES.

Gress Ship Ne. 1h Responds to the Will of
Its Operator.

Special Cadlé Despatch to Tus Sux.
Bsautn, Aug: 18.—The Gross military
airship No. 1 made a flight at 10 P. M. to-day
from the military grounds at Tegel. It
rose quickly to a height of 1,000 feet and
moved tn a hosthensterty direction toward

It reached Neustadt and turned back

   

   

Wanimspay, Avoune 19, 1908.
Fair; light winds: mostly westerly.

 

PRICE ‘TWO. CENTS.
__.| BOTH “DBYILS” PUT ON TT SDRED TD ROBLEY EVANS] 20=rm von roo mos00. Tq G6.0Q0.00) MET, DRVICIT |"!™™ rom avane nrrven mov. PRISONERS FAST IN GBLLS/™-P#0" Ursev a. soveroe. | pony «DRYIIS” PUT ON VIRN.

CROWDS TO SEE FISKE'S FIEND
AND SAVAGE’S SATAN.

 

 

More Emotien Than Critical Spirit in Ene
_ trusiastic Receptions Both Produo-
tens Get—Hew Savage Company
Achieved Its Piayiug Form in. Time,

Hell is empsy,
And all the devils are here.

—Mr, Shakespeare.

Oliver Herford’s “Devil,” Henry W.
Savage's presentation, and the “Devil®
possessed in common by David Belasco
and Harrison Grey Fiske, hit the town
simultaneously last night and roused Broad-
way to a pitch of excitement ao high that
aobody went to bed until they turned out
the lights in the restaurants.

Mr. Savage produced Fereno Molnar’s
three act play “The Devil” at the Garden
Theatre, the adaptation by Oliver Herford.
Mr, Fiske brought out at the Belasco Thea-
tre exactly the same play but to a different
adaptation by Alexander Konta and William
Trowbridge Larned.

Both Mr. Fiske and Mr. Savage in state-
menta made in the last twenty-four houre
to the effect that each had the American
rights to the play, with the further intima-
tion by Mr. Savage that Mr. Fiske was
playing it low down on him in producing
“The Devil” at all, had aroused so much
interest generally that when it came time
‘or the curtain to go up at the Garden and
at Belasoo’s last night theatres twice the
eize of Mr. Savage's Madison Square house
and Mr. Belasoo’a Forty-second street
theatre wouldn't have held the crowds.

At Jeast.a thousend people were turned
away at each place, and an hour before
the bells tinkled for the lifting of curtains
the police were busy shepherding / people
into some approach to order upon the side-

walks.
Naturally the friends of Mr. Savage, of
Oliver Herford and of Edwin Stevens—Mr.

F
Hn
il

te
u

F

t

busy rehearsing the Boston company of

changed the name of the version of Molnar’s
play that he possessed from “The Cloven
Hoof*—under which name ‘it had been
shown in Hartford, Conn.—back to “The
Devil” to match Fiske and oracked the
meen whip over the backs of his

rn star, Edwin Stevens, was at the time
on Nantucket island. Mr. Savage got him
by wireless. Mr. Stevens ohartered a
steamboat which took him to Wood's Hole,
where he caught an express train to New
York. He arrived at Mott Haven at 1:50
Monday morning, where an automobile
was waiting for him. & t to the
Garden Theatre, at something less than
sixty miles an hour, the automobile took
Stevens, where all night rehearsals had
started already under the direction of Mr.
Savage, Mr. Herford and Robert Milton.

Mr. Savage held them hard at work until
daylight yesterday morning, six hours of
steady grind. There was a short interval
then for breakfast and rest, and then at
@ o'clock in the morning Ms. Stevens and

f

i

E
ig

k
i
|

Pe
ir

e
5
F

  

 

FE;
;
E

i

devil,