ee

 

EOE

ce

Vor, LXXVIL—NO. 308.

     
    
 

  

ATWOOD DIDN'T GET THROUGH |

AAD WIND FOUGHT HIM ALL
THRE WAY TO ATLANTIC CITY.

CAR HITS AUTO, KILLING THREE.
Machine Runs Upen Track Thirty Feet
Ahead of Fast Treiley.

Provipencr, July 4.—Five persons and
the fragmenta of an automobile were
oocememaaetne scattered along the Rocky Point car line
flad io Stop Three Times fer More Gase- ‘near Longmeadow at 1 o'clock this after-

jene and Was Mere Than Five H | noon by an electric car that was running

taf i
| on (he Trip. Landed With Bars Beat. | Te Seems dak en te wen we
t ened tn Peril of Upset at One Time. | hospital and the third thirty minutes

 

 

Artaxtic Crry, July 4—Harry 8 Re ee arrival there. A man and a
' av ‘

@ood. coming from Governors Island | The Geed ame te ne anes eo

in his typlane, made a perfect landing ‘city, Millie J. Hartwell, a teacher in the

in front of the Marlborough-Blenheim | Temple street school, and Ella M. Bidwell.
at 23) PM. to-day after being in the! The injured are Gustav Menzel of River-
air more than five hours and travelling |*ide. R. 1. and Raymond Hartley, 10
oy) air miles. Before reaching Atlan: | 7 old, son of Mrs. Eva Hartley.
tie City he had made three stops for gaso- any ome Gaines tie eceraas, cae Wie
Jone necessitated by the hard fight he} to stop his car when he eaw the touring
had on his whole trip against a head wind} car ride onto the tracks scarcely thiMty
blowing about thirty miles an hour. Hie|feet ahead. +
appearance above the thousands on the| Menzel was operating the automobile
Boardwalk and beaches was the signal for and had drivea along a narrow roadway.
tetive Whew Gf 1 The car men say that the road which
8 pegatene ptt eM hose peck Atwood | crosses the railroad tracks ia little used
had followed Ohio avenue to the ocean and that there is usually little danger at
and then turned up toward the Inlet.) that point. As the automobile approached
fying about five hundred feet above the @ big bloomer car passed, citybound, and
water. After several daring etunts to, mae joata teas en the ‘eas a Ue
aay ad ae : | @ towa ¥ Point. None of the!
trv ou wi air currenta above the OCPAD | Occupants of the machine saw the car.
he volplaned to the sand, where a dele- | bushes shutting of the view of the north
gation of hotel men met him. They es- ;track. The automobile was hurled from
corted him to the Mariborough-Blenheim. the track in pieces. The tonneau waa
He was too tired to describe his fight and smashed against and curled almost around
waa unable to hear questions because the } & telegraph pole. N
whirr of his engines had temporarily |, Passengers in the electric car were
deadened hie eardrums. ft wae a haig | brown from their seats by the impact
hour later whee he descended iate e| and the sudden application of the brakes
rivate dining room and fold of his trip. | g; . . a
: *I was blown all over the lot and could | oe eens
follow no stated course,” he eaid. “At|Sen of Segantini Has Been Defrauding |
heat I could have followed the coast line, | Buyers for Nine Months.
but the wind buffeted me about and I; Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN
was forced to take refuge over the land. | tit

| Beruiy, July 4.—Carlo Segantini, son
There were several times when the plane jof the celebrated painter Giovanni Se-

was brought to @ standstill in midair, | gantini, has been copying his father's
#0 powerful was the blow. I travelled | pictures for some nine months, forging

eleven mtiles to a gallon of gasolene. | the signatureand selling them as originals.
My total supply was twenty-five gallons, | ———

is I made at least 250 air miles in getting | AVIATOR WITMER HURT.
ere

*My first stop after leaving Governors! Biplane Turne Turtle 180 Feet Up as
Jeland was at Asbury Park. My gasolene | Gust Hits the Wings.
tank went dry while I was at an altitude Prvrsrigtp, Maas. July 4— While
of about a thousand feet and was perhaps Charles C. Witmer was attempting to make
& mile from the resort. I managed to /|aturn on the aviation field at Allen farm.

volplane to a café, landing after narrowly | two miles east of this city, at $:10 this after-
missing the crowd that gathered.

 

 

 

 

noon a gust of wind struck hie Curtie |
“I left Asbury at 10:05. The throngs | biplane, flopped it over and plunged with
there treated me royally. I could hear! Witmer downward 150 feet
them cheering after getting far above! Witmer with presence of mind climbed
the town. I rose to 1,000 feet, hoping| out of the seat and over on top of the
to escape the wind, but found it just | biplane before it atruck the ground. The
as strong above and blowing steadier | biplane was completely wrecked and Wit-
Maintaining this height but dipping | mer was badly hurt. He was carried to an
to emo fect when I passed over the town | ambulanceand four minutesafter heetruck |
I continued along the coast to Barnegat.|the ground/ he was being hurried to the |
then swung about and took a more direct | House of Mercy Hospital, where to-night |
route for Atlantic City. Everything went |it was said that it will be several days'|
well until I was near Tuckerton at 12:15. ] phefore the extent of his injuries can be |
hen I had to descend in a little clearing | ¢uily determined. }
to take on more gasolene. I got it from) Witmer’a right lung ie seriously bruised |
&n automobile.
“It was on my trip across a five mile,
stretch of meadow and water and then;
later woodland to the outskirts of Atlantic

His left elbow was dislocated and the
muscles of the rignt leg at the calf were)
eut through to the bone b iy wires |
Cty that I had my biggest fight with the {Sr ine biplane 7
+ ’ ie )
tek ae of — a I rg eee Witmer lost control of the biplane |
are 2 € « ;
rea ee a 7 ‘eats pie . wing through the steering wheel refusing to}
os Heth $0 be auttin the | aa eee jwork In Lenox, five miles away, at the |
st ;
is : ze : jturn a terrific windsetorm was raging

 

 

suburbs e encountered air holes | :
2 H :v I entered a } and in the upper air hie biplane was struck
and bumps which seemed to be in collu- |), ake of tha mists ob ths Gitar aival
; ; ‘ = t
sion with the wind to wreck the plane. | "2 & &

jof the storm. The plane saemed to whirr

was whirlies t the sly
7 we od Shout rather dangerously | half around and then turned turtle

190 feet from the ground and came near
losing my grip cad onilina out head Guest There were 20,000 persons on the avia-
haa The aon ine landed with a thump | t1°2 field. Flights had been advertised |
andil Bota hard akaenel acniint aA ae | for 3:30 and Witmer had expected to leave |
Bee ine eee Peet ae | Pittsfield about 6 o'clock for Pennsyi- |
fight to the heach a few minutes later: F ¢
after making sure no damage had been | Vania, where he is booked to fly this week. |
done to the plane. I found the air currents} Witmer's last previous flight was in |
over the ocean the most atable.” | Buffalo and Niagara, where he flew with ,
4twood was keenly disappointed over | Lincoln Beachey. He had never wee |
the refusal of a pilot's license to him biplane before
after his flight yesterday. Whether he! ; Toes .
will try to win his official spurs in time to/| JULIA MARLOWE ILL.

VAne'p Sa ae Engagement to Play ‘This Week Discon-
PURGOO © Guess Of the | tinued -Heat Too Much for Her.
Atlantic City Aero Club over night. His! oy. engagement of E: H. Sothern and
fe He = ]. - eet oe Miss Julia Marlowe at the Broadway
tha on = SENEOG Wi epend On | Theatre in Shakespearian répertoire was
ite i rn: k if os ab @a | discontinued yesterday. Miss Marlowe
: = rai . sah cs _ at <a | suffered so from the heat at the perform-
oy a general idea of the location ug | ance of “Macbeth” on Monday night that
Le O ROO MTR AOE O cation of | it was only with the greatest difficulty
Petey rake Pee re Gog verge oa ET utmost effort that she finished the
Pee . | performance at all
a is arted foe = ag Fags of his | Yesterday her physician forbade the
mis'ase and continu on his way | continuation of the engagement, and her
though not alarming, waa

ae's

 

G rt

Spring LaKE, N. J., July 4.-—-Atwood |

Tere : | condition,
caused the sudden cesaation of all other {euch as to make any further perform-
he iday activities here this morning when

impossible for the present.
he few over the town at a height of about hg: yes yor eer posta have inated

10% feer and later came to the ground | only one week, ending on Saturday night.
atthe New Jersey State camp grounds

i ji 7 |The Messrs. Shubert announce that all
for a twenty minute stop. Behind him | money paid for saats will be refunded at
from this resort to the State reservation the box office.
thee was a long string of automobiles, | Dr. Joaeph B. Bissell of 46 West Fifty-
"rn arrived at the grounds and turned | fifth street, who is attending Miss Marlowe
Cur 8 row of 590 people in less than ten and who attended her at the Monday
tahoe night performance, made the following
signed statement yesterday:
I have advised Mise Marlowe profes-
sionally that it would be ‘unsafe for her

Atwood said at starting from Gov-
ernors Island ahout 8:59 o'clock that he

PIp4ctad i> get to Atlantic City about 1}, |

continue playing under the present

 

 

 

tay there 4 ; , to
eis ber intil 3 and then continue to | climatic conditions. Miss Marlowe suf-
ington, but there was a stiff south- | tered from heat prostration last night and
east wind hlowing over Governors Island | xhe has travelled several hundred miles
andhe thought it might prevent him from | under exhausting conditions. 1 have
Making good time He didn't care abou: | urged her to take a much needed rest to
that he said. as he was not out for a | Prevent a more serious breakdown of her
record hut more to ahow that he could | health. :
Make the trip against an unfavorable ; : ‘ vo ,
Lenk kta Coe eae aaa him | BOAT RACE OF THE ANCIENTS,
Red lek at

the island and a crowd that |qapt, Bob Peach at 96 Still Going Tee
Kattery sea wall gave him ‘|

i= he sailed down the bay.

Cheer

Strong for His Junior.
Capt. Robert Peach, skipper by courtesy
m opener at thie season by pro-

'
MILL WON'T STAY IN BERLIN. | and oem presen A} ioe Sone it ae.

feasion,

Will Present Letters of Recall to the|in South street, finished yesterday his
haiser at Some Future Time. | seventeenth and last boat race with Capt. }
Coble Despatch to Tae SUN | Andy Kayser, ballast master now, but once |
I \. July 4-—Reporta from Wash-| a matchless hand at the oars of a White- |
Init ) the effect that President Taft | hall seventeen footer, called generally a,
ha ed Dr. David Jayne Hill to con- | Battery boat ; i
t American Ambassador here are Capt. Bob is 76 and Capt. Andy is only 70,
as to he unfounded. When the but while Capt
A saor's formal letters of recall,
frrive scey will be forwarded to Dr.
H A “illo to hig chAlet in Switzer- himeelf with clams, Capt Andy took a
r lhursday or Friday of this week, | row eround and most of the way back. |
the Kaiser returns from hig. At that the elder oarsman beat him in by
Y © at the end of this month 300 yerde and then tore the shirt off a boat-
I» will deliver the letters to him) man who pretended to think it was Bob
and not Andy who had rowed over the
a? course. The boatman said he did not
Nur + known here as to Mr. Hiil's. eare for hie shirt anyhow aa it was a very
cessor The business of nole Battery cheered

'

hot Gag, and the w
Capt. Bob

is being carried on by Firat,
Irwin Laughlin '

 

| Best Trains to the Colorado Rockies. i

‘ Seaieeree Leave Chicago and St. Louls maraing and eve.
STOCK CERTIFICATES ning, via Rock Island Lines. “Rocky Mountain |
printed by Coriles. Macy & Co,,! Ttinited,’ "Mountatneer” and “Coiorado Flyer,”
a Street, Established {$97 j Tickers, 101 Brpadway.--Ade.

hous &
EO @T '

e

Ade.

 

 

 

+NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY,

———— eee

TWO BROTHERS ARE DROWNED

MOTOR BOAT CRASHES INTO
NAVY CUTTER IN NORTH RIVER.

 

 

Feur Threwn inte Water When Cockle
ehell Hits Crutser's Tender—Midship-
men in Command ef Launch Blames
Wash From Excursion Steamer.

Howard Case, 27 yeare old, and his
brother Walter, 19, were drowned in the
North River off Ninety-seventh street yes-
terday following a collision between tite
motor launch in which they were sailing
and a cutter belonging to the United States
cruiser Washington, lying off Ninety-fifth
street. The cutter was in tow of a Govern-
ment launch

Both launches were bound upstream.
The smailer one, a fourteen foot cockle-
shell, containing the Case brothers, Rich-
ard Burdick of 06 West 108th etreet, and
James Lavery of 7 Weat 103d atreet, was
hugging close to the pier line. The navy
launch, in charge of Coxswain Brittain
and containing Midshipman O. C. Pail-
thorp and Chief Machiniet Clarence John-
son, was heading for the landing at the
foot of Ninety-eighth street. There was
a strong ebb tide

In cutting acrose stream to make her
landing the Government launch with its
tow, the latter on a forty foot hauser,
paseed closed to the abutting end of the
Ninety-eeventh street pier, which the
smaller launch wae just pasaing. At the

PICTURES. | same time the excursion boat Commodore | in the face

passed up the river about a hundred yards
from shore. To those on the shore it
looked as if the cutter sidewiped the
emaller launch, for the 'ctier after round-
ing the end of the pier was seen to careen
and then capsize

The four occupants were thrown into
the water and before assistance could
reach them had been swept by the tide,
which flows at about eight miles an hour
at this point, under the pier. The launch,
keel up and only its bow projecting above
the water, floated after them

On the south side of the pier were four
scows. The trimmers employed on these,
led by Charlies Wiiliams of &3 Amsterdam

| avenue, and John Hogan of 72 West 105th

atreet, dropped ropes to the immersed
men, two of whom were caught between
one scow and the pier James Lavery
caught one of the ropes. Walter Case,
who could not swim, was clinging to Bur-
dick, who took hold of the other rope
Lavery was quickly raised to the dock but
just as the reseuers were about to draw up
Burdick young Case relinquished his hold
and slipped hack into the water
Meanwhile Midshipman Pailthorp had
ordered the cutter cast off and the Govern-
ment launch went to the work of rescue.
Contending against the strong tide, it had
some difficulty in coming about but seemed

could swim, and who was floundering in
the water, struggling against the tide off
Ninety-fifth street. Juat as the launch
hove to Case sank. Two sailors dived
overboard and swam around but the body
did not return to the surface

There were thoee ashore, including Will-
iama and Hogan, who insisted that the
cutter in tow rammed the launch, but Mid-
shipman Pailthorp denied this. He said
the emall launch struck the cutter a glanc-
ing blow and overturned as it felt the wash
from the Commodore

Howard Case was manager of the Hege-
man drug store at Broadway and Forty-
second street Walter was a bookkeeper
employed by Park @ Tilford Both lived
with their parenta at 247 Weat Forty-
eighth street. Neither of the bodies had
been recovered up till !ast night

THO YOUNG WOMEN DROWNED.

They Were of a Bathing Party of Whom
Three Were Rescued.

Two Newark young women. were
drowned and three others narrowly es-
caped with their lives while bathing near
Keansburg. N. J. yesterday afternoon
The dead are Mise Margaret Dolan, 25
years old, of #5 Warren street, and Miss
Bessie Mulvaney, 24, of 806 Warren street
The others in the party were Mies Fliza-
beth Kearns, 23. of 69 Fairmount avenue;
Mise Veronica Farrell, 20, of 832 Newton
street, and Mias Mary Driscoll, 25, of
68 Fairmount avenue

The party went to the resort to spend
@ week, starting from their homes on
Saturday afternoon. Mées Driscoll joined
the party much against the wish of her
mother, who on Friday night dreamed
that something awful had happened to her
daughter

According to the information telephoned
to the relatives of the girls in Newark
Thomas Carey and John Colligan, ac-
quaintances from Newark who were
with the girle, succeeded in getting Misa
Dolan and Miss Mulvaney to the shore.
Five doctors who had been summoned
worked over the young women but failed
to resuscitate them. The others soon
revived

Mre. Driscoll could not reeall any of
the circumstances of the dream she had,
but she spent a restless night afterward
All ehe could remember was that death
had entered the family. She told her
daughter Mary about this, and when
the young woman left home her mother
pleaded with her to be careful.

Miss Dolan's aged mother was alone
at home when word of her daughter's
death was broken to her. The young
woman's father sailed for Ireland two
weeks ago. A message has been sent
to him. Miss Mulvaney was an orphan
and lived with her aunt, Mrs. M. J. Reilly,
at the Warren street address.

 

 

BOY DROWNED IN PELHAM BAY.

Jumped, With Two Others, Inte What He
Thought Was Shallow Water.

Three boys who couldn't swim went

rowing yesterday among the bathers in

tery, stopping occasionally to nourish ghowed a depth of four feet on one side |
of the boat. Two of the byte jumped in! an agreement with the men later and they
r

over that gunwale, but thet boy took
a chance over the other. He was Rennie
Hoschen, 20 years old, of 248 East Thir-
teenth street, and at a late hour last
night hie body had not been recovered.
At about the same time Aaron Salz-
man, a cutter who lives in The Bronx,
jumped into the bay off a rock and struck
another rock which he hadn't seen, break-
ing a bone in hie foot, He screamed and

began going under, but boys swimming ; Uroadway, & ali enna. R. RK. Ticket Mees, ~ Ade, ito make a report.

near by fished him out.

IDEAL OUTINGS by Albany Day Line second
morning bogt, returning by moonlight.—Ad@,

 

rc ee a

JULY 5,
"WRs. LEVISON BROUGHT HOME.
Another Woman's Autemebiie Leaves

|DBTECTIVE SHOT BY PORTER

Mra. Delia C. Levieon, wife of penne | WHO RAN OVER ROOFS AND
Levison of 22 West Eighty-ninth etreet,, AURT HIMSELF JUMPING.
who had been missing since Friday night,

 

 

194.1.—Coppriodt, 1911, by the Sum Printing end Publishing Aesociation.

| TERRACE GARDEN SHOW STOPS.

Money Said to Re Missing and One of
the Company Teo.

The José Vanden Berg Opera Company,

which gave “Carmen” at Terrace Garden

last week and started a week of “Pinafore*

WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1011.
Generally fait to-day and to-morrow, except
probably locai thunder showers.

 

   
 

ss

TWO CENTS.

PRICE

       

   

"HOPE NOW FOR A COOLER DAY

‘CITIES TO THE NORTH AND
THE NORTHEAST SCORCH.

 

was brought back to her home yesterday gpetective Joseph Guarnieri Get Fear pai. !on Monday night with dinner and a taxi- | Prospect of a Wedge ef Northern Air

in an automobile by a woman who went
away again without giving any name. |
The woman said that she had found Mrs |

Levieon wandering about the street, ap- Wanted on @ Charge ef Assault.
parently affected by the heat

| Detect: i Ww
| About ¢o'clock in the afternoon the auto- | 8 ‘ ian tice uakek aan ed
| mobile drove up to the Levison home and Axty-eignth street police ;

@ woman rang the bell. She told a son of | shot four times last night in a saloon at
Mrs. Levison who answered the ring | Twelfth avenue and Fifty-fifth street by
that she had seen the story of hie mother's |@ porter whom he was trying to arrest.
disappearance in the newspapers and | He is likely to die.

that she thought the woman in her ma- 1 ‘
chine, whom she had found in the street, | Atver the 6 ng the porter fled to

was Mre. Levieon. The son went down | the roof, hurt himself jumping twenty
to the automobile and assisted his mother | feet to the top of another building, had a
into the house. Mrs. Levison turned | pistol fight among chimneys with Guar-
over to the care of other members of the | nieri's partner and eventually was caught

family in the hal!, Mr. Levieon turned to | hiding belrind a tank at Eleventh avenue
thank the woman who had brought her ‘and Fifty-fourth street.

back. but only saw the back of the automo \ s

bile going over toward Central Park Weet. Guarnieri and his partner, James Haley,
Mrs, Levison was i'l! considerably | had been ecouting for the porter, Rafaele

prostrated and her family did not ask her; Gross, since June 27. when Francisco

about her experience.

She had not loet her money and her |
clothes were in good order jthat he had been assaulted by Gross in

j the street. They learned that Gross was
;& porter in Charles Umhey's saloon at
| Twelfth avenue and Fifty-fifth: treet. but

lets in a Saleen Hits Partner (Chased
Perter—Duel on Reofe—Perter Was

 

PONY KICKED RONBURGHE.

The Duke's Face Badly Cut at Pole, bat | ‘
' He Continues tn the Game. couldn't find him there.

Spectul Cadle Despatch to THE Stn } late yesterday the deteotives got word
Lonpon, July 4 The Dike of Rox- | that Gros was back at the saloon. They
burghe's pony fellinthe course of the polo went to the saloon with the man who

game at Roehampton this afternoon and | wanted the arrest made and a witness
while struggling to rise kicked the Duke

j Roxburghe, who married Mise May’! aos was the barkeeper said “Ge te
Goelet of New York some years ago, re-{ hell.” The detectives showed their shielce
ceived a gash across the cheek that bled and the bartender wilted.

considerably for a time, but he resumed “Weill, I'll call the boea,” he aaid.

os ~ stata te tee ed it Pa: sh oo
‘oop . ' | He’ in ed tell. and no fly
COP SHOOTS TWO BURGLARS. cop could go poking around hie plece
| One Gets Away Wounded and the Other | looking for anybody either. The two
Goes to a Hospital. | detectives grabbed that little man and
The Silverman family of 207 Weet 110th | hook him until he epluttered consent to
Street are at Rockaway. Milton Hirsch, & search.
| who occupies an apartment on the same! To the cellar went Guarnieri. After
floor, the fourth, noticed a light in the ten minutes he came up and said: “Haley,
Silverman rooms early yesterday morn- | I couldn't find anybody down there. See
ing and called Policeman John Nyden. | if you can do any better.” Ha'ey de-
Nyden went up the fire escape and got in | ecended and prowled among beer cases
the window, and in a room of the parior | With cooked revolver. In a corner some-
he found two men. Oneof the menhada thing rustied. Haley aimed his gun. A
revolver and the policeman drew his. They | cat jumped out.
rushed him and he grappied with one of; Haley had gained the cellar etairs on
them, while the other after shooting at| his way up when he heard four shots in
the policeman got away down the fire |the galoon. Racing into Umhey's big
|escape with a bullet in his shoulder. In| room he found Guarnieri on the floor.
the tusste the other man tried to shoot| “He got me, Haley,” Guarnieri said.

 

 

| Sarno of 111 Amsterdam avenue reported |

the policeman, one bullet going through
the officer's blouse and another entering
the burglar's leg. He waa final.y over-
powered and taken to the Harlem Hospital
He aaid he was Joseph Mason. 28 years old.
a bookkeeper of 418 West Twenty-eighth
etreet. The police say that the other man
is Thomas Anderson. 2% years old. who ie

jand there are contusions on his head. {to be in time to reach Howard Cage, who | Supposed to hang out around Twenty-

eighth street and Sixth avenue.

The men got in by the fire escape. The
amount stolen is unknown and not until
Mr. Silverman comes to examine his apart-
ment will it be known

DIVER'S NECK BROKEN.

Accident Occurs at Riace Where Victim's
Brother Was killed.

New Rocweuir, July 4--At the same
place where his brother Fred was killed
in a similar manner three years ago
Waldorf Miller, 21 vears old, of Clinton
avenue, this town, broke his neck by
diving from the rocka near the bathing
beach at Hudson Park late last night.

Miller and a dozen other memberr of
the Iroquois Social Club of New Rochelle

{attended a beach party last night, and at
jhis suggestion the young men started
| for a midnight swim, leaving the young
j Women eating ice cream at the pavilion.
| Miller was the first in the water, diving
from a high rock in spite of the warnings
tof his friends. When he did not appear
after the dive his friends plunged in after
him. John Donovan found him on the
bottom about twenty feet from where he
dived and being carried out toward Long
Island Sound by an undercurrent

The unconscious man was carried to
the beach and revived. Then it was found
that his neck was broken and he waa
paralyzed below that point. Dr. C. C.
Guion was summoned and took Miller
to the New Rochelle Hospital. It was
said at the hospital to-night that Miller's
chances of recovery are small.

 

 

WILD RIOT IN: MANCHESTER.

Tangle of Shipping Strikes tn Britain
Takes a Few New Turns,
Special Cabie Despatches to Tar Sun

MANCHESTER, July 4.—This has heen
a wild day with the striking carmen who
slipped control of the leaders and reen-
forced by the city’s toughs held up the
cotton capital's business.

The mob that gathered is estimated
at between 8,000 and 10,000. It over-
turned wagons, acattering eggs, fruit
and the like in the streets. The police
were utterly unable to cope with the
riotera in many places and there resulted
fighting so severe that many were
wounded on both sides. Stones and
clubs were the main weapons used and
there were scores of broken heads,

It was necessary to place a police es-
cort on each Wagon. In most instances
the wagons got through the street seafely,
but many were destroyed after they
had reached their destination, All
wagons were attacked furiously in tran-
sit.

The police seem to have the situation
in hand to-night, reenforced by consta-
bles from many neighboring towns,

 

Lonpon, July 4° The = strike fever
broke out again at Liverpool to-day
The shore workers and dockers em-

| ployed by the Canadian Pacific Railway
!Conmipany again refused to work. Their
grievance this time is that the company

Bob rowed honestly | petham Bay, opposite the public baths, | has not lived up to its agreement with
around Robbins reef and back to the Bat- | yhe cool water was tempting and an oar! the unions.

The Canadian Pacific company reached

| resumed work

| Laverpoou, July 4.—The steamship
Canada sailed this evening.
| Antwerp, July 4.—The crew of the

Red Star steamship Vaderland have
igone on @ strike,

 

 

Low Rates to Cinctonat!, Louisville, St, Louls
tand West vie Ches. & Ohlo, Tickets at a0tn and

y wish etylish e eglasses see new Kryhtok
i all Yorie Pebbies at Spencer's, 7 Maiden Lane.
\ ~Ad

| *Don't waste time on me.
stairs.”

As Haley started up he saw Groes ahead
of him flying to the roof. When Haley
@pt to the roof Gross was jumping to an
extension of the Milton Piano Company's
factory twenty feet below. The porter
landed in a heap. but jumped up and kept
on running over the roof. He didn't
stop when Haley yelled the word.

Haley fired. Gross, behind a chimney
now, fired back. Haley sent another
bullet toward the chimney and Gross
scurried behind a water tank for better
protection.

Suddenly Groes jumped away from
the tank and seemed to disappear over
the edge of the rmof. Haley ran down
stairs and told three policemen who had
bounded in at the sound of the shots
to send in a riot call and get out the re-
serves to surround the block

In a few minutes the block. was bottled
up by the police. Every roof and yard and
alley was searched, but no Gross was re-
vealed He was found half an hour later
lying almost unconscious in the lee of a
tank in the vard of the Sicilian Asphalt
Company He was internally hurt and is

He went up-

to the hospital. There are two bullet
wounds in his right arm, one in the right
aide of the abdomen and another in the
thigh. He is 28 years o!}d and has been a
policeman two years. He was in the
Central Office Italian aquad until re-
cently. He has a wife and two children

Umhey, the aaloon keeper, was locked
up charged @ith interfering with a police.
man

 

 

FLIER BEATS AUTOMOBILE.

cab home included in the prices, shut
down before last night's performance
According to Mr. Van den Berg the sus-
pension of the company is due to the
absence of one of the company

Van den Berg says that there ought
to be about $600 on hand now somewhere
that he can't find. The official reason for
discontinuing the show was the heat

——— —.

LADY CONSTANCE TELEGRAPHS.

Asks Her Mother's Forgiveness, but Does
Net Explain Jiiting the Vicar.
Spectal Cate DespaicA to TAR StN.
Lonpon, July 4.--Lady Constance Fol-
jambe, the twenty-six-year-old half ais-
ter of the Earl of Liverpoo!, who jiltedthe
Rev. H. A. K. Hawkins, the vicar of Whit-
well in Yorkshire, by failing to show up
at St. Peter's Church in London vester-
day to be married to him, telegraphed
her mother to-day begging forgiveness
: for the anxiety she had caused
jaction of Lady Constance. So far the
| young woman has given no explanation
of her behavior.

DRESS MAD AND FRINGE CRAZ).
Summary Account of the State of Mind
of the Women of Paris.

|} Charlee C. Kuraman, whoee specialty
| is designing gowns for women of fashion,

{arrived yesterday by the North German!
| When they asked the barkeeper where | [Joyd liner Kaiser Wilhelm II. with im-/

preesions of the women of Paris. He
j says they are even more extravagan'
than the ultra stylish women of America,
changing their attire from eight to ten
times aday. As each gown costs not leas
than $250 and is usually discarded after
about a week's wear, this means an im-
Menee extravagance. Paris is drees mad
and fringe crazy, he eaid. Everything
is embellished with fringe, including
parasols.

GATES OFFICIALLY BETTER.
But Rumor in Part Says He Is Worse
~ Beeking Cancelied.

Speceal Cable Despaich to THF SUN
Paris, July 4—Inquiry at the Hotel
Maurice to-day brought forth the routine
reply that John W. Gates was somewhat

better.

This isin direct contradiction of the
general report, which has it that the
American financier is worse. He has can-
celled his engagement of rooms on the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse

 

MRS. WESTINGHOUSE'S FLAG.

 

Raises Stars and Stripes at Summit ef
Jacob's Ladder at Dawn.
PITTSFIELD, Maas., July 4.—Mrs. George
Westinghouse at eunrise this morning
raised a flag on the summit offJacob's

officially 6pened a State boulevard across
the mountain which cost the State of
Massachusetts $200,000. Motoring over the
road lately she noted the absence of the
flag. which had been blown away. She
gave an order for a silk flag 5 by 8 feet
and thie morning with a party started by
automobile before dawn for the top of
the Ladder.

With her was Mr. Westinghouse, Mr
and Mrs. George Westinghouse, Jr., Mrs.R.
De Witt Mallary, widow of Dr. Mallary
of the International College in Springfield,
who gave the address on the summit at
the opening; Misses Lucy and Marguerite
Mallary, DeWitt Mallary and A. G. Upte-
graff

As the first ray of the sun appeared in
the east Mrs. Westinghouse raised the
flag with the words “God save the Stars
and Stripes.” She has given a fund for
the perpetual care of the flagpole and to
furnish flags.

e

 

FLOODS MAY CAUSE FAMINE.

Geuthern Bulgaria Devastated —Damage
Put at 820,000,000.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sup
PHILIP POPOLIS, Bulgaria, July 4.—South-
ern Bulgaria has been devastated by
floods. The damage to the crops and

 

Mr. Hawkins is very much upset by the |

From Over the Lakes Harvest Days
for the Excarsion Beats— Municipal
! Ferryboatse Used fer All Day Rides.

The weatherwise were of opinion yes-
terday that the heat wave ie paasing
away from us; not that it will be actually
cool here to-day, but that it is likely to
‘be cooler than yesterday, which Was
| cooler than Menday. The crest of the
| Wave appears to have passed on Monday
j forenoon, when the mercury reached
| 8 degrees. The heat of two tropical days
‘stored in stone, steel and aaphalt made
| Wanderers in the unhappy valleys of the
j City feel yesterday a« if it were the hot-
‘test of all, and some of the street ther-
mometers got up to 08 in the shade when
‘the very best that the instrument aloft
could do was 93 at 3:30 P.M. As to relief
in sight a retired forecaster, Elias B.
| Dunn, for many yeare in charge of the
| observatory here, said yesterday:
| “The conditions all around, especially
‘in the West, indicate that the hot wave
has been overcome *

Mr. Dunn's impression wes confirmed
| by the official thermometer itself, whick
has @ habit of not anticipating records
or sizzling without justification. It might
have been said to be almost cool et cere
‘tain periods yesterday, notably «i 3:80
)}4. M, when the temperature was 75.
There were times when the humidity
| Was above normal, but the average for
the day was below. A breeze thet was

mostly from the southwest, but which
| got around to a point a bit east of south
occasionally, bringing with it a toueh
of the perennial coolness of the sea, made
the heat of the streeta a little easier to
; bear than on Monday. This breeze seél-
; dom went below fifteen miles and at one
time in the early evening, about § o'clock,
rose to twenty-seven miles. At 10 o'clook
last night the official temperature here
was %), two degrees jess than it had been
at midnight on Monday.

It was still all fired hot to the weet,
northwest, north and northeast of us.
The maximum temperature at Albany
was 104, Boston perspired with 104, Port-
land achieved a record of 102, Hartford
100. Kansas City baked under 104 and
Louisville and Chicago each had 102.
It looked as if the hot area was passing
to the north of this section. The reports
of temperatures at 8 o'clock last night
from nearly ali the places which had
the burning maximums showed a gradual
lessening of the torrid conditions.

The coolness that may come is over
the upper lake region. Duluth
night reported a temperature of 58 af
Alpena, Mich. 68. Montana ~report
| 54 in the morning.

The fear of a more ardent visitation
started the seekers for coolness on their
quest early yesterday morning. The
first boats of the big summer fteet that
makes landings at the Battery and Pier 1
North River were jammed to capacity
and hundreds were forced to wait for
later accommodations. The Patten Line's
four ships took down to points on the
Shrewsbury the biggest crowds that
ever have taken the route on a July day.
Every boat carried the maximum num-
ber it was entitled to by law. The Iron
steamboats running to the Steeplechase
pier were filled morning and afternoon
on the down trips and packed on the
way home. The five Glen Island boats
had to turn excursionists away. All
the fishing boats were thronged to the
limit, because the all day on the water
trip was a great magnet. The Staten
Island ferryboats did a giant business
Thousands took the trip to St. George
merely for the sake of the ride and stayed
aboard several trips, six collectors going
around among the passengers taking
up fares or tickets, while an official! with
a bell punch registered the receipts. It
was said by steamboat men that more
than 125,000 persons patronized excure

 

i

 

 

housee will reach $20,000,000

Famine is feared and the inhabitants
in many places are fleeing to the moun-
tains.

sion and ferryboats and seeing New York
yachts

New York Police Headquarters reported
sixty-eight heat prostrations’ in Man-
hattan, The Bronx and Richmond. There
were Keven deaths in the same territory
that were attributed to the heat and siz
persons died suddenly in the city yee-
terday. Three went to Bellevue ine
sane

Brooklyn Headquarters reported seven
deaths due to heat. Two of them were
; infants under 1 year. There were eleven
{heat prostrations and four persons went
to hospitals insane

ee

Bonney Covers Three Miles in 2 Minutes
and 40 Seconds.

BattLe Creek, Mich. July 4—L. H.
Bonney, an aviator for the Wright broth
ers, won the trophy in a three mile race
against a Cutting racing car to-day.
Fred Ellis drove the car. The time was 2
minutes and 40 seconds

Thirty thousand people saw the race
to-day between the birdman and his
opponent

HOBO UNION COMING,

Goempere Hears That the %feratery
Worker Should Be Organized.

A plan to organize the “hoboes,” or
migratory workers, it was said yasterday
at several of the labor headquarters, has
been submitted in a letter to President
Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor by Andrew Furuseth, president
of the International Seamen's Union.

 

TO BAR ‘MERCHANT OF VENICE.:
Rabbis’ Cenference Sees Ridicule of Jews

 

in Shakespeare's Drama. The latter says that there are throughout} | ae . ;
St. Pavi, July 4—Urging the elimina-| the United States, according to reliable STILL HOT COUNTRY OVER,
tion from the public schools of the coun- | statistics, about 3,000,000 of these migra, Saiindirecta- of Mraateatianal ann ee
try of Shakespeare's “Merchant of | tory workers. senereee Thetis iihpartn: 7

They go from place to place, cutting
timber, 4ogging, excavating for railroads
and canals. They are paid such low
wages that in some instances men are
working for their board and lodging.

Venice” as @ text book hecause they say
it tends toward ridicule of the Jewish
race, the Central Conference of Rabbis,
in seasion in St. Paul to-day, also favored
keeping off the American stage all pro-
ductions caricaturing the race.

Reports were read assuring the coopera-| WOUNDED AND HEAT CRAZED.
tion of Klaw & Erlanger and the Shuberte

A conference also recommended omit-

Omana, Neb, July 4 -To-day was the
hottest Fourth of July the trans-Mie-
souri region ever experienced, the tem-
peratures ranging anywhere from 105
to 110 degrees. So far as the weather
bureau is informed not a drop of water
fell in the State to-day.

At 5 o'clock this morning the ther-

Ladder, 2,300 feet above the sea level.
Last September Mrs. Westinghouse

 

A Youngster Puls Up a Hard Fight With c
ting from the song books used in public Four Doctors and Three Cops, mometers in Omaha registered 82 degrees
schools euch hymns as “Jesus, Lover of} A nineteen-year-oki youngster who | 2d by noon the mark was 100. For sev-
My Soul,” “Onward, Christian Soldiers” | said he was Edward Miller of 196 Hum- | ¢ra! hours in the afternoon the Govern-
and “All Hail the Power of Jeau's Name”! boldt street, Williamsburg, entered the | ment thermometer in Omaha stood at

| on the ground that they were objectiona- | Williamsburg Hospital yesterday and |! and at 70 clock to-night the drop was
ble to Jewish children jasked treatment for a bullet wound in | nly three degrees, Out in the State the

The constitutions of Arizona and New/the neck. He said at first that he had | ®™mperatures were even higher than in

Mexico were indorsed as examples for} accidentally shot himself while handling | Omaha The highest degree reached was

other States because from them is elim-|@ revolver and later he said an unknown | 8! Culbertson, Neb., where 110 was reg-
inated all reference to sectarianiain man had attacked him. House Surgeon | istered Practically the same tempera-

A new Jewish hymnal for use in the/ Goldstein took him to the emergency {ture Was recorded at @ number of towns
synagogues of the country will be issued | ward. along, the southern line of the State.
in the near future. Rabbi Henry Meyer! While the surgeon was dressing the | Two deaths from heat occurred to-day,
| of Kansas City, chairman of the committee | wound Miller suddenly developed acute! ™king seven deaths in Omaha, South
on synagogal music, reported yesterday | mania. He knocked the doctor down and | Omaha and ¢ ouncil Bluffs since the heat
that the plans were almost completed | gave him a hard tussle. Police were | Wave began. Prostrations have been
The committee on systematic Jewish ; called from the Bedford avenue station | Yery numerous
| theology reported through Rabbi S. Schul- | and Miller was put in a straitjacket! CLEVELAND, July 4.—A score of people
| man of New York, whoeaid that the work ‘after he had put up a good fight with, were overcome by the heat here to-day.
| of publication of a book on Jewish theology fou, doctors and three policemen. He The temperature at the weather bureau
| that was authorized at @ former confer-| was tied with ropes and taken to the {Station on the Public Square at street
ence had not progressed very far to this | Kings County Hospital for observation, | level was 102, while the official record at
itime, Rabbi W. 8. Friedman of Denver, ‘the doctors said that he was crazed by | the station on top of the Society for Sav-
;chairman of the committee on relation the heat. Tie police were unable to find , ings Bullding “— ~g ss ti ‘pabainain Tail
: e, i } mbulances were he
Oe ae ree ne Se | Oa Row ome me waged lane the city to rush the heat stifled people

{

|

under arrest at Bellevue Hospital
Meanwhile Guarnieri had been taken

|

 

 

A Drink tor Ladies—Clover Club Cocktail, but

 

{
est

it; ith smooth, dry English Plecadilly Gin--| Automobdtie outings not complete withous
een aie sae Vatteree Ne ee ie Pi wee civeur delicate. At all clubs, hotels, cafes.’ ANGOSTULA BITTERS, famous appetizer ang
town, 820 4th av. Te boas clay.—Ade, —Ade. jevisoreter. ade.

4