NOL LEXIV.—NO, 348.2900
MORGAN TO BE POSTMASTER

\\SOUNCEMENT MADE
OVSTER BAY

 

 

AFTER
CONFERENCE,

 

the Catinet Officers Talked Politics, Not
Hinanctal Matters, With the President
-secretary Taft's Forthcoming Speech
Is Submitted to Secretary Root.

President Roosevelt will announce to-
iay at Oyster Bay the appointment of As-
-istant Postmaster Edward M. Morgan to
he postmaster of this city

|'ostmaster-General Meyer was at the
President's summer home yesterday with

ecretary Root and Secretary Taft and
vnong the many matters discussed was
the effect which the appointment of Mr.
Morgan might have upon the political
ituation in thie State

Postmaster-General Meyer told President
Hoosevelt that Mr. Morgan was entitled to
he office by reason of his long service, and
| can be said also that Mr. Meyer suggested
het the appointment of Mr. Morgan ought
to le made for the reason that many re-
jorms were needed in the conduct of postal
affairs in this eity.
jJans for the improvement of the mail
servic® im this city, and from what was
earned last night he told Mr. Roosevelt
that those plans could be carried out best
vith the assistance of Mr. Morgan's long
jrecti¢al experience .

When Timothy L. Woodruff and William
Furnes, Jr, called upon the President at
Oyster Bay on Monday the appointmen:
of Mr. Morgan was discussed, and it is under-
etocd that Mr. Woodruff and Mr Barnes
race no opposition

(hawman Herbert Parsons of the Repub-
an county committee has been anxious to
eecure the appointment of William C. Wilson
te sueceed Mr Willcox. Because of the
rostence of Mr Parsons that the post-
rrastership would have soine bearing upon
the political situation in this State President
Roosevelt
t Ling the vacancy
las been taken to President Roosevelt is
said to be that even without the delegates
from this county the State delegation to the
rational convention next year will be one
that can be depended upon to carry out
Mr. Roosevelt's suggestions.

Secretary faft and Postmaster-General
Meyer, instead of following out the plan
they had arranged to come from Oyster
Bay on the train arriving at Long Island
City at about 6:30 o'clock, stayed for dinner
wirh the President. Both wanted to take
‘he midnight train from Jersey City for
Washington, and in order to catch the train
they had to travel from Oyster Bay in one
of the President's automobiles. One of
the reasons why they stayed over for dinner
was that the President wished Secretary
Root to glance over the speech that Secre-
tary Taft is to deliver in Columbus, Ohio,
next week.

At the Hotel Manhattan on Monday
night Secretary Taft told a Sun reporter
hat his Columbus speech would put his

iews on the present political situation in
he country before the public and would
lescribe his personal attitude as to becom-
ing a candidate for the Presidency.

Mr. Taft went on to Washington last
ight, but Mr. Meyer, acting upon sug-
<estions made by President Roosevelt, de-
ided to remain in town in order to talk
day with Mr. Morgan, the new post-

aster

It (s urdorstesd that among tne postal
-ervice improvements in thia city con-
erp loted by Mr. Meyer is the establish-
ent cla river carrying service. Although
tcrails of this idea could not be ob-
ct last night Mr, Meyer's scheme will
ibly mean the putting into service

ev of small launches or motor
for the speedy trenaferring of mail
no points on the riverfront.
vous Vali frankly admitted last
bec! talked politics with Prasi-
‘ wee Ve ! e
hy, we discuesed,” he said, “not only
viicel situation of the country but
craleonditicon of the Union; in fact,
1 comnuttee of the whole.”

\\ Leo sn effort was made, however, to
e \'y. Taft down to an explicit answer as
t her plains for his nomination for the
I enoy had Leen disoussod Mr. Taft

that he could nwt talk about that
it Was not a matter that a com-
| the whole would take up.

!)' \ 90 learn trom Mr. Roosevelt it he
"ad voccssed yesterday with Mr. Woodruff
1 \'s Parnes the situation in this State?”

President Tioosevelt received any

(fren Mr. Woodruff and Mr. Barnes

hat he could expect from this State

fe so.d vothing to me about it,” was the
“cor lary s anewer,

‘rom what the President sa'd to you

y do you think he is in any way wor-

(about tho New York situation?”

If le is he didn't aay so.”

‘cil, as a matter of fact, Mr. Secretary,
rhen you met as a committee of the whole
n Gescoussing conditiens in general, in-

3 pclitical cone :tions of the whole
utry. wasn't the New York situation
fone inte?”

“Well, now,”
vou

i

pred

i
ter te

Hore
' '

‘into

said Mr. Taft laughingly,
lon'L expect me to answer such a

stion os thas. I have said all that I
vend to along that line.”

“. Taft said that in the talk with the
“silent no question concersing industrial
‘r Gcneial conditions had been brought up,

vi that while he was present there was

‘ig said of market conditions.
Versonally, do you see any justification
tng alarming reports that are being
read about as to the Gnancial situation?”
crear’ Taft was asked.
‘ht know anything about it,” he re-
| don't take any active interest

* | ° rerkets and any opinion of mine
= ‘ounce andstocks and bonds wouldn't

h having.”
th Bay, Aug. 13.—Nothing was given
fo-night about the conference of
Noosevelt with Seeretary Roor,
Haft and Postmaster-General

y Root's wife accompanied him
‘st! 'o Sagamore Hill, They arrived
' Hay on.the ho’olock train, and are
‘he night at the President's home.

' reiterated his denial that he had
‘tor of resigning from the Cabinet.

Poland Water, Nat

©o..
N. YieAge

3 acl Wptas re rin the Wort. ieee Tuterd,
, , : n arree Condit la pring Co.,

+ om om pals

\

Mr. Meyer has several ,

has for several weeks delayed |
The information which |

 

 

*+NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY.

OOST OF AN ENGLISH GIRL,

 

Mother of One Presented at Court Puts it at
987,000 at the Age of 20.
Special Cable Despatch to ‘Tur Sun.
Lonpon Aug. 18.—The discussion of
the cost of bringing up children, which
was mentioned in Saturday's despatches
to Taw Sun, continues to go on ‘n a lively
manner. The most conspicuous contribu-
| tion to-day is the experience o a woman
| whose eldest daughter was presented at
court thie year Her statement deals
with a girl reared in such a home as that
of the Eton and Oxford boy described on
Saturday and represents that the daughter
cost her parents in twenty years a grand
total of 27,400, an average of £370 yearly
“The details show she cost £220 yearly
for the first eight years, £280 for the next
six years, while in her sixteenth, seventeenth
and eighteenth years her annual cost was
£470. The mother adds that her nineteenth
and part of her .wentieth year were spent in
! Paris and Dresden at a cost of about £750.
The statement continues:

“I then took a house in London for the
season in order that she might be brought
out and presented at court, an essential

part of her education. AJ paid a dressmaker

; and milliner on her season account £580, |

| a jeweller £340, a shoemaker £75, a coiffeur
| £46, and in entertaining on her account
| probably £500.”

 

“LORD” BARRINGTON WON'T HANG.

tife Imprisonment.

Jerrernson Cit®, Mo., Aug. 13.—“Lord”
| F. Seymour Barrington, convicted of the
| murder of James P; McCann, will not be
| hanged. Gov. Folk to-day commuted his
| sentence to life imprisonment
The action of the Governor was ruled
| largely by the dissenting opinions of State
| Supreme Judges Valliant and Graves,
| who maintained that the death of McCann

was never proved. In commuting the
| sentence Gov. Folk said:
| “My experience of four years as Circuit
: Attorney of the city of St. Louis and two

and a half years as Governor, in both of
; which offices I have had to pass upon a
| great many cases of this character, con-
{ vinces me that the State is rarely warranted
in putting a prisoner to death
“Under our syatem of law the Governor
| has more than a passive duty in passing
| on death sentences. No man can be exe-
; cuted without his consent.”

Barrington was the bogus lord who mar-
ried Grace Wilhelmina Cochrane, the daugh-
ter of a Kansas City pork packer. She
discovered that he was not a real lord and
got a divorce. Barrington supposedly

= McCann,

|

| -_—-oo

| Gov. Folk Commutes His Death Sentence to
|

friend, for his money, with the intention of
marrying the widow.

LEAVE WIFE OR DIE.

Also Give Up 8500—Threats for Newly
Married Couple.

William Buhler, a clerk employed in the
Grand Central Station, married a young
Bronx widow about six weeks ago, and after
their honeymoon they went to live at 505
East 142d street. ‘The day after their re-

turn Buhler received an anonymous letter |

demanding that he leave his wife or “suffer
the consequences.” He paid no attention
to it.

A second letter came yesterday. Buhler
was at work, but Mra. Buhler opened it.
There was a demand that Buhler leave his
| wife and that he leave $500 for the writers
| of the letter. Otherwise he must die

Mrs. Buhler became hysterical. When
her husband came home he told the police of
the Alexander avenue police station

 

 

PARDON IN) AN ODD CASE,

 

Jones's Conviction Twiee Upheld, but
dudges Plead for Him.
ALBANY, Aug. 13.--Gov. Hughes to-day

commuted the sentence of George Jones, a

prisoner in Auburn Prieon, so as to release |

hith to-morrow. Jones was convicted in
Herkimer county in Jenuary, 1904, of se!-
ting tlre to a furniture store in which he
was employed as a salesman and was sen-
tenced to four years and six months,

The Appellate Division and the Court of
Appeals ‘n turn affirmed the decision.
Judge McLennan, the presiding Justice of

the Governor recommending that Jones be
released, the evidence being, in their
opinion unsatisfactory

 

CAUGHT BY HIS FINGER PRINT.

Impression on a Black Hand Letter Leads
to the Arrest of an Mallan Barber,

FEvizabeTn, N. J., Aug. 13.—-Traced by
finger prints discernible in an ink im-
pression of a black hand signed to a
letter received by Father Feretti of St.
Anthony’s Roman Catholic Church, in
which the Italian priest is threatened with
death unless he turns over $800 by Sep-
‘

en RUE ERONNpETEERReaSNEEESeeee-cececetoeene

tember 1, Michael Venzio, an Italian who
runs a barber shop at 816 Fourth avenue,
was arrested this afternoon as the writer
of th letter. The police say he has con-
feesed and they oxpect through him to get
hold of other members of the Black Hand
soviety who are believed to have located
here recently.

The police rounded up several Italians
and took impressions of their fingers.
Edward Schwartz, who isat the head of the
Bertilion bureau in Newark, declared that
the impression in the letter corresponded
with the impression of Venzio’s fingers
tuken by the police, and on this evidence
a conviction is hoped for

 

ARMY REUNION,

 

PHILIPPINE

 

Men Who Fought in the Islands Gather at
| Mansas (ity.

Kansas CITY, Aug. 13.—-Arthur Mac-
| Arthur, Lieutenant-General and ranking
officer of the United States Army, arrived
in Kansas City this morning, accompanied
by Mrs. MacArthur. They are here to at-
tend the eighth annual reunion of the
National Society, Army of the Philippines,
of which organization Gen. MacArthur is
|} commander in chive:

More than 500 men who had been in ser-
| vice in the Philippines had registered at
the eighth annual reunion at noon to-day.
Besides there are nearly a hundred mem-
} bers of the Twentieth Kansas Volunteer

| Infantry Regiment hore. This command
' will hold its reunion here in connection
= the meeting of the national organiza-
tion.

 

 

 

‘
1
and? Sah Suet Siac ake

-— i ree en

a horseman and a |

the Appellate Division, and Judge Vann |
of the Court of Appeals, however, wrote |

ee a anne e oe

BIG SUMMER HOTEL BURNS | ;

 

ONLY: 135 TRUNKS.

 

Four Story Structure at Center Moriches
Is Destroyed in Twenty Minutes —Kire
Starts Near the Top and Everybotly diets
Out —Hotel’s Loss Nearly $100,000.

Center Moricuys, L. 1., Aug. 18.—The
Hotel Brooklyn, one of the largest hotels
in Suffolk county, burned to the ground
herd to-night. About two hundred and
fifty guests were staying in the hotel, but
all got out and no one was injured. Few,
however, saved anything but the clothing
they had on.

The fire was discovered about 9 o'clock
just as the dancing was atarting. It
was then burning on the fourth floor.
Guests on the floor below smelled smoke
and heard the crackling of flames above
them., They gave an alarm as they fled
and Chief Clerk Billings directed the efforts
of the comparatively few men guests and
of the help who tried to check the fire with
buckets of water.

Employees ran among the people down-
stairs trying to quiet them, and the orchestra
continued playing, though several of the
musicians stood and wato the door
nervously. Those of the guest who were
in their rooms and who made‘a frantic
dash for the stairways were held in check,
and all got down without serious accident,
though many fell as they stepped on the
trailing dresses on the stairs.

The fire ate ite way down through the
building very rapidly and the roar of it
could be heard above the noise of the hurry-
ing, frightened people. Some of the women
who rushed downstairs at the first alarm
tried to return to their rooms to get be-
longings, but others coming down pushed
them back, crying out that danger was
right behind them. By the time all had
reached the ground floor the whole build-
ing was aflame, lighting the cottages and
casting its yellow, tumbling reflection on
the waters of the bay.

The hotel was a four story frame atruc-
ture. It was lighted by acetylene gas, and
the gas added fuel to the flames. Twenty
minutes after the fire was discovered there
was nothing left of the big building but the
emouldering, ash filled basement walls. It
had stood on the waterfront, a m'le and
a half from the village of Center Moriches.
| The village has no wa%er supply and the
fire department consists ouly of a volun-
teer bueket brigade and hook and adder
truck.

The firemen hurried to the acene from
| the village in reaponse to a telephone call,
| but the hotel was about gone when they
arrived and they directed their efforta to
keep the flames from several smaller build-
ings near by. Part of these were saved,
but the largest, the hotel annex, where
were located the barroom. billiard and
| bowling rooma, burned. -
| Many of the women guests were in even-
jing d and had no time to get other
| clothi
in petticoats, kimonos and other sorta of
| negligée Some of them had narrow
| escapes from suffocation.
| of Brooklyn waited to save some of her

THE BROOKLYN'S 250GUESTSSAVE

 

| belongings and the flames were upon her |

before she could get through the hall Her
| dress caught fire, but was put out by some
| one who was near ond she sustained no
injury

One young girl about 14 years old ran
up from the ground Wloo. to arouse her
mother, who she knew was asleep in her
room. Mother and daughter got down the
stairs in the nick of time. The fire starting
from the top of the building enabled all to
get out through the halls without having
recourse to the outside fire escapes

O. W. Halli, who lives at the Ansonia,
} in Manhattan, was in his room when he
| heard the alarm. With him was his small
i baby. Mr. Hall ran downstairs with the
child and then tried to return for some
j valuable papera which were in a trunk
| in his room. He could not get back up-
| stairs, for those staircases that were not
burning were showered with flaming wood
} and sparks and filled with smoke

Residents of the village opened their
homes to the guests and the Beach View
Hotel and the East Bay Club houge both
' offered shelter to them. All the guests are
eared for to-night. It is considered re-
| markable that no one was hurt, There
| were several theatrical people staying at tho
t hotel. Most of these were befriended by
other people of the profession who occupy
| cottages near by

\mong the guests were Daniel A. Shee-

han, Mr. and Miss Pillet, H. C. Wicker,
William A. Meredith, Mr. and Mrs, J. C,
= Dorothea Dodge, Mies Derk, 8. L.
|
'
|

Holland, Mrs. Holland, Miss Holland, Jo-
seph Rollins and John 8. Newman of New
York and Dr. Ealer and his wife and mother
of Philadolphia.

The hotel building was owned by Bishop
and Hallock, business men of this village.
The lessee was Frank M. Rogers, who is
also lessee of the Hotel Regent, New York.

‘Lhe loss, including furniture, is estimated
at letween $75,000 and $100,000. No eati-
mate of the logs to guests is possible to-night.

lt. is certain to be large, as most of them

; lost all their valuables, Only fifteen trunks
could be carried out before the flames were
roaring in every part of the hote). A number
of automobiles and other vehicles were
stored in a building near the hotel, but they
were all saved,

| The hotel was built about twelve years

| ago, and was of Queen Anne design. It
had accommodations for 900 guests.

| It would seem that every one has a dif- |
Es cause to assign for the fire. One |

is thad children were playing with matches,
another that the fire started in the laundry,
which was at the end of the building, and
raced to the top floor through an airshaft.

 

 

GUITER “KIDDERS.”

It Costs 84 for Two From Wilkesburre to
Frolic in Broadway.

Robert A. Tomboum and Philip W.
' Crow, two Wilkesbarre citizens who are
| sightsecing here, got into a fight in front
' «f the Hotel Cadillac iast night end were
| putled ont of the guttes by Poiicerman
atrick MoDonald er they had wiped
up tie pavement with each other for several
j minutes.
“Wo wore just kidding,” said the two of
them when they were qreeionee before
| Magietrate Kernochan in the night court.
“Two dollars each,” replied the Magis-
trate

 

a
Latest Marino Intelligence.
Arrived; Ss Uller, Catbarieu, Aug. & Ss Crow
Prince, Barbados, Aug. 4. . at a

After all, USHER’S the Sco:
Wat ‘made (he bignball eevee aoe
’

 

t

A UG UST 14, 1907 .—corurion. 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

Those in their rooms ran out |

A Mrs. Halliday

 

 

FIRE ON THE ADIRONDACK,

 

Steamer Beached at Roscton and Passen-
| gers Taken ON —The Biaze Doused.
| ‘The big Peoples Line steamer Adirondack,
| bound from New York to Albany, caught
| fire on her hurricane deck at about mid-
| night last night and was beached by the
captain at Roseton, a small hamlet above
Newburgh.

The Troy Line steamer Gireenport, which
was only a short distance behind the Adir-
ondack, took off the 500 passengers and
landed them at Poughkeepsie in time to get
the 1 o'clock train for Albany.

Tt couldn't be learned how the first started.
Defective wiring was suspected. When the
| blaze was discovered the employees of the
boat went around among the passengers
explaining that the fire was so small that
there was absolutely no danger. The
passengers, many of whom had retired,
| displayed admirable courage and at no
time was there anything like a panic.

Although the captain felt that the fire
could be easily handled, the boat was so
thoroughly drenched with water from the
fire apparatus on board that it was not con-
sidered fit for the reat of the trip. The
captain ‘knew that the Greenport, which
was at the Adirondack’s bow, would have
| no diffloulty taking off the passengers, so

he beached her. The transfer of the pas-

sengers was made in good order

| MCLELLAN BACK MONDAY.

Then He Will Go Away Again and Goodman
{ Will Be Acting Mayor.
Between next Saturday and the following
Wednesday the city will be governed by
three administrative heads, Acting Mayor
MeGowan will start on hie vacation on
Sunday because on Monday Mayor McClel-
| lan will be back at the City Hall. It is the
| intention, however, of Mr. McClellan to
remain here only for a couple of days and
| then return to Maine. While he is away
| Elias Goodman, vice-president of the Board
| of Aldermen, will be acting Mayor.
| Mr. MeClellan is breaking his vacation
because the Charter provides that when
a Mayor is absent from the city for more
‘than thirty days all the functions of his
| office—power of removal, for instance
/ can be exercised by the acting Mayor.
It is expected that while the Mayor is in
town he will take up the charges made by
the Bureau of Municipal Research against
Commissioner of Acoounts Hertle.

 

 

 

It's the Turn of the International Harvester
Company Next.
Wasuinoton, Aug. 13.—Proceedings will
| be instituted soon by the Government
| against the International Harvester Com-
| pany, charged with being a monopoly in re-
| straint of trade. The Harvester company
| has been under investigation for sometime,
and had Attorney-General Bonaparte been
able to devote earlier attention to the evi-
! dene. collected by his subordinates
| suit. to dissolve the trust would have been
filed some weeks ago
The Government expects to prove that
the International Harvester Company con-
trols at least 70 per cent. of the reapers,
mowers and agricultural implements in the
United States and that it is violating the
Sherman anti-trust law. The suit probably
will be filed in Chicago. .

| Fe mente
TRUST BUSTING SUIT NO, 3.

i

\

 

 

Gives Nothing to Woman He Divorced and
Only Dower to Widow.

Cutcaco, Aug. 13.~—The will of the late
Michael 8. McDonald was filed in the pro-
bate court to-day.

Dora McDonald, who is accused of mur-
dering Webster Guerin, gets only her dower
rights, and Mary Noonan McDonald, the
divorced wife, is not mentioned.

“Pay to my wife what and only what
she would take under the law if I had died
| intestate” was the provision in the second
| paragraph of the will
The rest of the estate is to be held by
| the trustees, Wesley Schimmel, William A.
| Pinkerton and Charles Winship, for fifteen
| years and then to be divided among the
| three gens. Guy C MeDonald and Cas-
sauis Mcbonald are each to repeive a third,
but $55,000 ‘s to be deducted from the share
of the son Harold MoDonald. Imogene
MeDonald, the wife of the dead man's
brother, Edward 8S. McDonald, is to receive
$50,000. The petition accompanying the

=. DISINHERITS WIVES.

 

 

will estimated the value of the estate not
to exceed $500,000, but the estimate is con-
sidered to be a formality and the estate is
believed to exceed that amount by a large
6um

NIGAT COURT’S LIGHT GRIST,

Fewer Prisoners Last Night Than at Any
Other Session.

When the night court opened at 9 o'clock
last night there were only fourteen prisoners
an they were all disposed of in three-
quarters of an hour. Then the court ad-
journed for half an hour. At 10:15 Magis-
trate Kernochan reconvened the court,
but as there were only two or three cases
another adjournment was taken until
midnight

Up to midnight «nly six women from the
streeta had been arraigned. They were
all discharged.
of the court.

FRITZ! SCHEFF'S HUSBAND,

Petition in Bankruptcy Against Baton Fritz
von Bardeleben.

Baron Fritz von Bardeleben, who is the
husband of Fritzi Scheff, the actress, and
who has been in the business of import-
| ing post cards and lithographic supplies

at 20 West Third street, was the subject
of a petition in bankruptey filed yester-
day by creditors.

Baron von Bardeleben was a Captain
| of Hussars in the German army. After
| courting Fritzi Scheff for two years he
left the ermy in the fall of 1901 and married
her. They came to this country on their
honeymoon two weeks later and soon alter
that the Baron went into business. The
creditors appearing are Atezeius ©. Gahan,
$358, and Clarence I. Hamilton, $214, both
olaims on drafts from Paris which he ac-
cepted. The petitioners allege that while

 

 

It was the lightest angsion

 

 

 

 

 

insolvent the Baron transferred property |

to hia landjord and also to the Aristophol
| Company to prefer them.

 

A comforts of home on superb Hudson River |

¥: ri
io ‘geous

| eae

ck
uy

 

the |

 

 

‘MASTERS WILL SEE MRS. EDDY

WILL TAKE HER EVIDENCE AT

HER HOME, PLEASANT VIEW. -

Her Counsel Suggests That Visit Be Made at
Once, but Senator Chandler, Counsel
for Next Friends, Says He Is Not Ready
~Tax Assessor ives Testimony.

Concorp, N. H., Aug. 13.—The hearing
before a board of masters to determine
the competency of Mary Baker G. Eddy,
begun on July 26 and adjourned for the
purpose of giving time to the plaintiffs
to take depositions, was continued to-day
in the presence of a large assemblage of
Christian Science leaders from various
sections of the country.

ae Wi.

 

|

|
!

Most of the day was taken up by ex- |

Wepnrapar, Avorst {4, 1907.

Fair to-day

(pet ee ae

 

APPEAL TO ROOSEVELT,

 

Chicago Board of Trade Urges Him to Take
a Personal Mand and Eng Strike.

Curcago, Aug. 13.--An appeal to Presi-

| dent Roosevelt to end the telégraph strike

was made to-day by the Board of Trade.
It is declared that the bhsiness of the board
is being cut from 60 to 75 per cent. A special
committee of the board was called on to
formulate the message. This message was
sent:
CRAICAGO, Aug. 15, 1907.

Theodore Roonevelt, President, Oyater Bay,N.Y .:

The business of the great country, which
is suffering such serious loss to the extent
of millions of dollars per day on account of
the deadlock between the telegraph com-
panies and their operators, demands an im-
mediate settlement of the differences at
issue so that a national calamity may be
averted, In this geat emergency we look

Senator William E. Chandler, counsel for | tv the Chief Executive of this country to

the friends.

Mr. Chandler contended that the de
fendants had blocked as far as possible
all attempts ofthe plaintiffs to secure in-
formation by deposition

Senator Chandler quoted extensively
from Mre. Eddy's book for the purpose of
showing that the author had been for a
long time under the spell of delusions
which have unfitted her for transacting
business. He expounded at great length
hie understanding of Mrs. Eddy's theory
of “malicious animal magnetism.” He
said that Mrs. Eddy was suffering from
“systematized delusions extending over a
long series of years which is sure to oul-

 

 

take a personal hand. H. M. Sacer,
President Board of Trade.

HEIR TO KRUPP FORTUNE.

The Eldest Daughter of the Great Gun-
maker Becomes a Mother.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas SUN.
Beruin, Aug. 18.—The birth of an heir
to the Krupp works and fortune was ap-
propriately announced to-day by a salute
of cannon at the Krupp factory.

Bertha Krupp, the eldest daughter and
principal legatee of the great gunmaker,
was married on October 13, 1906, to Lieut.
Dr. Gustav von Hohlen und Halbach, who
was formerly First Secretary of the Prus-

 

 

minate in senile dementia if it has not al- | sian Legation at the Vatican. Under the

He read from a persona! | terms of her father’s will,Bertha received

letter written by Mrs. Eddy in which she | property valued at upward of $100,000,000.
used the expression “I am God's mouth- | Her husband was not rich.

piece.”
“If our evidence,” said Senator Chandler,
“does not show that she has been insane for

|

 

BUTTING IN ON OYSTER BAY.

 

many years, then I shall think that justice | Some One Kept Ticking “Scab” on the Wire

has failed.”

He alleged that Mra. Eddy, alone at
Pleasant View, with norelatives about her,
was livingin astate of terror caused by her
delusions and false notions as to the non-

existence of the physical universe and the |

|

 

and the Operator Had to Quit.

The Western Union office at Oyster Bay
made an effort to handle the press business
yesterday, but the operators who were trying
to tell the outside world something about

power of malicious animal magnetism, | the Taft conference were interrupted every
working silently, even to place poison in the | jittie while by somebody opening his key

veins of its victims
John H. Quimby, assessor in Mra. Eddy’

ward, was the first witness, and his records |

were made a part of the court proceedings. |

They showed that Mrs. Eddy signed the
paper showing the return of her property in
1901, but that since that time Calvin A. Frye,
her secretary, had signed the refurné and
aworn to them in the presence of the asses-
sor. According to the record there were
no returns of stocks or bonds up to 1908,
when about $20,000 in this sort of securities
was scheduled. _ Mr. Chandler intimated
that it would be clearly shown that large
amounts of such securities should have been
scheduled at an earlier date and that even
in 1906 the amount should have been much
greater.

Toward the close of the day Judge Ald-
rich, the chairman of the masters, inquired
of Gen. Streeter, Mrs. Eddy’s counsel,
whether it was proposed to have the masters
see Mrs. Eddy. .
| Gen. Streeter replied that Mrs. Eddy
| was too feeble to come into court, but that
| she would gladly receive the masters and

a representative of the counsel of both sides

at some time convenient to all.
Judge Aldrich said that in view of the
| fact that Mrs. Eddy was in her ejghty-
seventh year she would not be required
to come into court, but that they would go
to Pleasant View.
Gen. Streeter suggested 2
morrow afternoon and Senator Chandler
replied that he would not be prepared to
go at that time. Thereupon the Judge
suggested that it might be well for counsel
to confer and fix a time for the visit.
The question as to how far back of March
1 the inquiry into facts connected with
Mrs. Eddy'’s competency might be per-
mitted to go was raised and was held in
abeyance until counsel for the next friends
can be heard.
George H. Moses, editor of a local paper,
was put on the stand. He began reading
from a series of letters received from Mrs.
Eddy since 1900. Only one letter was read
before adjournment. This related to a slip
in the publication of some news matter

about Christian Science and contained an
| expression which Mr. Moses said led him to
|

!
|
|
|
|
|

o'clock to-

think that Mre, Eddy believed that peculiar
mental influences had had a bearing upon
the unsatisfactory conditions referred to in
the letter.

Mr. Chandler closed his opening argument
before adjournment, the chief burden of
which was that Mrs, Eddy by reason of al-
leged delusions, exhibited through her
writings, was mentally unbalanced and
therefore could not be competent to manage
and control her business affaira. Adjourns
ment was taken to 9:30 o'clock to-morrow
morning.

 

UNION JUDICIARY TICKET,

 

Charies F. Marphy Says He Has Never Exe
pressed Opposition.

Charles F. Murphy said yesterday that
he had never expressed any opposition to
the suggestion that the Republicans and
Democrats should unite on the candidates
to be selected for the two vacancies in the
Court of Appeals. There will be no State
conventions this year and the nominations
for the Court of Appeals bench will be

| made by the two State committees. William

| Barnes, Jr., said on Monday that the bi-
rtisan ticket would not be named because
William J. Conners and Charles F. Murphy

| were opposed to it. .

! “As far as I am concerned,” Mr. Murphy
said yesterday, “Mr. Barnes is mistaken.
I have not even considered the matter

| because it has nevér been Reougne to my
attention, and I have certainly never inti-

jeapes to any one that I would oppose such

Pp

AMERICAN FLOUR FAVORED,

 

 

» | and ticking off the word “scab.”

At night there was a regular string of
“Scab, scab, scab, scab” ticks and the
operators finally gave up trying

The same thing happened at South-
ampton. Most of the wires on Long Island
are railroad wires, and the interruptions
came apparently frorff railroad operators.

GEN, H.C, CORBIN FOR CONGRESS,

Republicans of His Hothe District in Onto
May Nominate Him.

Crxcinnatt, Aug. 12.—Lieut.-Gen. H. C.
Corbin, who was in this city to-day, when
asked what he had to say about the an-
nounced intention of his friends at his old
home, Batavia, to nominate him for Con-
gress in the Sixth Ohio district, said:

“I am not asking anything from my
people, but there is nothing I would refuse
them. I am not ambitious. I am a plain
American citizen accustomed to obey com-
mands. I would do anything to serve my
people if they wished it so.”

The Sixth district has had a factional
fight on hand for several years, but it is
believed by many that with Gen. Corbin
as the Republican candidate all friction
within the ranks would be eliminated.

ROCKEFELLER’S FLAT DENIAL,

 

 

 

 

John D. Declares He Never Gave Interview
Predicting Financial Disaster.

CLEVELAND, Aug. 13.—John D. Rocke-
feller, referring to a widely circulated inter-
view predicting financial disaster for the
nation purported to have been given out
by him and printed this morning, said to-
day: :

“There is certainly some mistake about
the matter. I neither gave out nor author-
ized the statements attributed to me.”

 

STEEPLEJACK’S END.

Climbed Many Tall Spires Safely, but Dies
From Four Foot Fail.

William Anderson, a steeplejack, who
climbed the steeples of St. Patrick's Cathe-
dral and Trinity Church, got a fractured
skull yesterday afternoon by falling four
feet to the roof of the Hotel Belmont. He
was tfemoved to the New York Hospital and
died several hours Jater.

Anderson took the job of repainting the
four flagpoles on top of the hotel. In addi-
tion to this he was to place a large gilt ball
oneach. Much of the afternoon was taken
up inpreparation. Rising from the roof isa
half story structure on which the flagpoles
are anchored This is reached by an iron
ladder fastened to the side at right angles
with the floor of the roof. Anderson to
show his skill grabbed a pot of paint in one
hand and a gilt ball in the other and at-
tempted to ascend without holding to any-
thing. He had gone only a few steps when
he lost his balanoé and landed on his head

Anderson was 52 years old and lived at
331 West Thirteenth stree.. His work has
taken him to dizzy heights upon the princi-
pal tall structures in the country. He had
never met with an accident before, although
~® had been climbing about twenty years

 

 

GEN, BOOTH MUCH UPSET.

 

Hat of a Woman Reporter Disturbs the
Balance of the Salvationist.
Special Cable Despateh to Tas SUN
Lonpon, Aug. 13.—Gen Booth, head of
the Salvation Army, is not ruffled easily,

| but he lost his equanimity while addressing

a Salvation meeting at Monmouth A
young woman's hat was the cause of it
The wearer of the hat, a local reporter,
dreased fashionably, was sitting In the front

Spain Reduces Import Duty tothe Minimum | row taking stenographic notes of the ad-

~—A Great Concession to the Country
WasHinoton, Aug. 13.~The American

dress
Gen. Booth suddenly stopped speaking

Minister at Madrid has informed the State | and eaid aloud that he could not get her out

Department that Spain bas granted acon-

of his mind and asked if she would sit at a

cession to American flour imported into | place he indicated, where she would be out

that country.

can flour has been subject to

of the maximum tariff duty of Spa
It is understood that hereafter that prod-

uct will enjoy the benefit of Spain's mini-

mum duty.

payment
n.

Jerome OM to Canada.

| Diatrict Attorney Jerome will atart to-

day for a hunting trip in Canada with Capt

| Piper. He will be gone until about Labor
Day. Mr. Nott will be acting District

| Attorney in his absence.

a

| ondMRISSEy ie esc Wt Seah AK,

|
}

{

|

For some time un Ameri- | of hie sight

She moved, not to the place indicated
but to the reporters’ table, where she con-

| tinued her note taking. Presentiy Gen.

Booth menped again and exclaimed with

au annoyance:
EPhat white feather in your hat keeps
bobbing about in my vision.”

The orter, quite unabashed, ked
up orniling and aaid: —
“I'm sorry. It ought to have been a

red one,” but she refused

Gen. Booth finished under obvious
rebuked his staf fertnot mating the woman
‘or sea t
bebind hin: ae

wee eee re ee re ee ee

 

and to-morrow; moderate

temperature; northwesterly winds.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

‘STRIKE FAILS TO

TIE UP WIRES

‘Though Extended Largely and
a General Walkout Is
Ordered for To-day,

a ee

_— OFF BY RAILROADS

No Pressure on Their Telegra-
phers to Handie Commercial
| Messages.

 

 

| The Western Union Not Inclined to Force
an Issue Which Might Lead the Railway
Men to Help by Striking as Well as
! by Contributing Funds—Men tn Boston
| and Other Eastern Cities Go Out —~Com-
| panies Report They Are Taking Care
of the Business—Stock Market and

 

Other Exchanges Less Affected —Iin
the West Some Improvement Is Ree
ported, Although the Strike Fever Hits
More Towns—Futile Conference in
(hicago—Fifty Messenger Boys Here
Take a Few Hours Off —No Disorder.

Officers of the Western Union and Postal
Telegraph companies in New York said
yesterday that despite the fact that tho
strike of the telegraphers had spread in
the last twenty-four hours the business of
keeping the wires open at affected points
had progressed so far as to make the ac-
ceptance of the usual amount of business
possible. Between New York, Chicago
and points West and South there was con-
stant communication, these officials said,

| and in all the main offices affected by the
strike sufficient forces of telegraphers hai
been recruited to prevent anything like a
tieup.

The union leaders announced at the same
time that a general strike was being called
at all points not yet affected and that by
Friday all of the United States and the
major portion of Canada would be within
the strike zone. These men also intimated
that at any minute the strike of the com-
mercia) telegraphers would be complicated

by a walkout of al] the railroad telegraphers
in the country. This move, they promised,
would follow any attempt of the commercial
telegraph companies to send their tele-
gzama over railroad wires.

Grand Secretary Quick of the Order of
Railroad Telegraphers sent out from Des
Moines, Ia., a general m to the mem-
bers of the union notifying them that any
earlier message purporting have been
signed by him and sent over the wires was
afake. Quick's instructions to the railroad
telegraphers were to observe strictly the
union's agreement with the railroad com-
panies and to perform the same duties that
they did before the strike.

Deputy President Percy Thomas of the
Commercial Telographers began sending out
early yesterday a general strike order toall
the locals in New England. He announce
later in the day that he was extending the
strike order over other points West and

So that had not yet gone out without
instructions,

Boston, which had remained firm through
four days of strike fever, obeyed Thomas's
order at 11 o'clock yesterday, the operators
of both companies quitting their posts with-
in an hour of one another. From Boston
the strike wave spread to Hartford, Port-
land, Me., and other centres of New England.

RAILROADS NOT INTERFERING.

In New York the most significant devel-
opment yesterday was the test put on the
railroad telegraphers. At the Grand Cen-
tral Station a batch of commercial tele
grams was sent upstairs from the Western
Union branch office to be put on the railroad
wires. Three of the railroad telegraphers
promptly refused to handle them and threat-
ened to strike if any pressure was brought to
bear upon them. The messages were re-
turned and no-further attempt was made
by either the telegraph people or the of-
ficials of the New York Central to force the
operators to send the messages.

This inoident developed a delicate situa-
tion which the New York Central and other
railropis in New York are meeting by a
well timed policy of non-interference.
With moat of the railroads thé telegraph
companies have contracts calling for the

| transmission of commercial business over
railroad wires under certain conditions
In amall towns the railroad telegraph office
handles commercial business over the rail-
road wire under contract. Under normal

| conditions the companies are accustomed
| to send night messages over the railroad
wires.

When the Western Union submitted com-
mercial telegrams yesterday tothetelegraph

office P. E. Crowley, assistant general
manager of the Central lines, who has the

telegraphs under his supervision, took no
|} action. An official of the railroad, speak-
| ing for Mr. Crowley, said last night:

“The refusal of the railroad telegraphers
in our office to do the work which the New
Yor Central is bound to do under contract
with the Western Union company developed
a situation which the railroad deemsa it best

| to leave undisturbed. At this time when
the Order of Railroad Telegraphers has
more or less openly pledged sympathetic

' support to the commercial telegraphers it

; will not be the policy of the railroad to

| antagonize them by insisting upon some-
thing they refuse to do. .

“Mr. Crowley has been advised of the

| action of the railroad telegraphera in our
office to-day and he has taken no action,
nor is it probable that he will. We do
not believe that, realizing our position,
the telegraph company will insist upon

‘a fulfilment .f the obligation the railroad

It was said on behalf of the Erie Railroad

7