iE €

ee ee <a oe ee

VOL, LAV So, *

FAILING BROKERS JAILED.

4N0 HOOKATLTERN
tMnESTED

mienen
seiaVeEr

PrRIvetril

Women Costomere in Chester

Mob of Frantic

H. bawrences® Carry

OMeces Tetecthy ss

Off the Biem and Setve Keys aod Hook

Charce, Tarceny They're Accused of

Bucketing,
With Salud

Toe Stock Deallog Purine s

the Side

Sherry oan

ck broker
er, Feward

Lawrence, dr, aet at

his « her

is renliv the be

Cheater B
82 Broadway
B. Underhill, whe

atere

 

cern, and the head bookkerpe Geotwe H
Wolbert, were arrested at 5 a look leat even-
ing and locked up in Police Headiuarter

charged with grand lareer | rt .
came as the sequelto an annernrcement of the
failure of Lawrenee in the morning and the
ippointment of Welbert the broker's ae
lanes, cohaccuent upon « roceed-
ings begun last Thursday by Mrs ¢ erine

 

Ronckendorft of .7 Wert Fights: Courth street
to compe! Lawrence to give het jCCOUTNN
of her business transactions with hii coneer
On hearing of the fatoure, | McClusky,

Chief of Detectives, after consultation with
the District Attorney and withont walling for
a complaint by any person, decided to lock up
the whole outfit Ife took thts radical step
because of the merciless fleecing of the publia |

 

recentiv by a lot of concerns purpe to do
a legitimate brokerage bueimmess but realy
bucketiig orders and leaving thelr eustormers
In the lurch whenever the market went agal

them. The Lawrence case look® to Capt
AloClusky like one of these and be determined

Lbs
Ronekendorff did

to take the bu the horns

While Mrs ot go to Police

Headquarters to complain, her charge that
she could get neither an accounting nor her
money was used as the basis ol ‘he arrests

tbe prisoners are charged with ste ling three

$1000 bonds turned over as collateral by
Mrs Konckendort! to the eoncern
ihe arrests were made without warrants

The Looks of the concern were seized and the
attices locked up, thie detectives Keeplue the
keys Even had the police taken no action
\Wolvbert would probably net bave been per-
Initted to act as assignee, as procesd.ings bad
already been begun by Lawyer Benjamin ob

Foster of 32 laverty sureet in behaur of three |
creditors of Lawrence to throw the concern
into vankrupte

Chester Bo Lawrence, Jr, the man whose

bame Was pul to tie front in the Disiness,
is tue won of Chester Bo Lawrence, a Brookiy i
wareliouse Inan oo Hie faichy connections are
good Helis $2 years oid and lives at bu Was..-
ington avenue, Brooklyn He las been a
member of the Consolidated bxchaut nee
March 17, 1890. Underwill ts a man of some
wealth fe is 2 years old and ie ives at
1042 Lexington avenue His father,

bore the same nae, Was a member of the
New York Stock bhxcuange
a year ago, leaving to lis three sone abeour
$1,000 each, His property Wos tuvesied
in real estate at Bay Shore, L J, and in tits
eity. His son, Raweon, secured Lis sat on
the New York Stock bacuange bdward.
who had been a member of the Cons siduted
Exchange, but whose faiure ‘en

 

 

 

  
 

deals uw

He died abort

kept him from going back, having come tonic ,

is share of the estate, Joined forces with
awrence ‘

Lawrence went on the floor of the kxchange
and Underhill ran things wenerally

‘The pair first opened an ollce on the sev-
enth floor of 4&2 Broadway, doing & smyili bu-i-
ness, Then they decided to brane’ cut) they
moved into much more pretentious offices
on the thind floor of the buliding and e&s-
tabliahed braneh offlees at 621 Leoidway,
80 West Twenty-third street, 1227 Broadway,
1800 Broadway and 64) Madison avenue
uptown offices were ittved up at considerable
expense with a view to the entertainment of
‘omen customers. Then they advertised in the
ally newanapers for cients .

At tirct returns were slow. Then their ollur-
ing advertisements bere fruitond busines eate
with a rush. Women fell over each other to

 

et rich quickly under the Orin's auspices, ) -
fown a Tand office business was done ‘ile
women were “jollied,” fed with eeluls and
sandwiches and supplied withsherry snd whir-
key all dav long. They eersiped, ate, drank

and specul ited, and the business grew
firm dis said to have bought and
shares a day. On such a busines the 4
in ecominis ions clone would amonnt to %
day, and if the eoncern’s dealings were otr
lecitimate it seems difficult to see how tui
could have overtaken them

several explhinations are offered

 

is to hew

 

   
 

the foilure did eon e about, Lawrence is i
to cave adinitted to au oMicer ef ¢ \-
dited Exchange yesterday that o .
ulation caused it- Tis lawyer, © ner

f 20 Yroad street, expressed tie oninion that
idiotic manacenient crused the sinfash Others
were 3° unkind as lo say that the concern back-
eted ita besiness, and in a boll market disaater

It bevan
nder-

Anyway, it did come

rad to enn
Lawrence and

    

eoroing ten deve ago

hill saw it and tried to stave ito When they
realized that ther cool not they prepared
fo land on their feet When the end was on

them Underhill tried te throw toe blane for
the amas: on Mrs Ronekendorff lf she had
only kept her mouth ahut, he declared, evers-
thing would have gone well

Rumors of troulle for Lawrence and Under-
hili, arising whenee no one knews, were in
circulation ten days ago, Customers heard
about the diflenity other customers were hav-
ing in wetting thelr money and they began to
din at the bookkeepers for accountings The
man» cer explained that they were too tiiss
te keap up with their boos and in fact they
were reahed for their 18,000 shares daily did
not come in in bie orders, but in litte ones,

  

the petts speculations of women with ther
pen mone Lut the rumors grew and so cid
the insistence of the customers. Last Sat-

urday Mra Ronckendorf went to Lawrer K
Ro Billineton of 20 Brond street and told

 

 

 

she wanted an accounting and couldn't t
Hillington said he'd cet it and he » se
Underhill, ie didn't wet an eeccounting then
and though be went back Monda luesday
and Wednesday, stul he covliat eet it ben
he went to the Centre street police and
obtained a suminedis ter Lawrence t Cur
apd show why he should not gi. @ an aeconn tis

Meanwhile other ents bad suugh it or-
ness) Two had gone te Case A Nev irk of
85 Nassau street and two suits, one for g200

and one for #00 had heen filed in the City Court

in their behalf Three others went to Atforrey
Foster. They were i) Badt, Mix Frank and
Oliver Johnson, Thetr claims Armounted to
61,500 They had been tring to eet their
money and couldn't =Foster tied — He faiicd,

He says Lawrence toid fii he atdn't

ave the money

Then the lawyer swore he'd get out e*petition
to have them thrown into ba keuptey. They
sent him to Zaring, their lawyer, but, the money
wan't fortheomiia. Again Poster tackied
Lawrence. Lawrence, he sive, told tom that
a discharged bookkeeper had cireniated we
about the firin’s solvency d this hades
arun. lie wanted Loster in behelf of his three
cllent.,to walta week ortendaysforthenogy,

omt-ing to straighten out. everything in
hat tine, Some of the creditors coisented
but foster wouldn't, Ne went abend and
eerved notice that he would Institute bank.
runtcy proceedings in the United states «1
ali Court. tle told 4aring this on ‘Thuradiy

 
 

  
 
 

     

   
   

 

afternoon, Mrs. Konekendorfl had 1
ot her police court sun imons. Tl wos wetting
oo hot tor the concern, so yesterday morn.
ing when the + were opeced at 82 Mroad-
way, Ladera came out and announ {to
the b wy oof customers ‘ ins th ening

Y the «day ron tions thut the j ' i
failed The same word went to the brenehes
and the respective mi atagers Annonneed it

it ‘ iis fone tt

Women Pecan be swarin area the nel
They ld ao te the bronehes, and wing
the news, would y to where they koew | 2
rence and Underliikbwere = AWef thor inted
their money The twe partrers kept out of
eight In theirprivate otoem Phe ty vere
handled by the cleo s wept, sad Vv
all complained bitterly Their *tories were
pretty much the senu one ot ther dn
money. They had wanted to eet r eiekh
and having prt their money ey apf
ret it out. One of the most aoitated ones wos
Mrs, #.G. Bolles of [) est street) She
sald she had $1,000 in the firm's hands, and she

 

 

was nartioularily excited hecanse @ stock #h6
had bought was going down every minute, and
she couldnt close the deal She blimed Mrs
Ronchendorf? for closing the concern up But
all the disgruntied ones were oat wonen
There ware some nen, One of thowe asked for
Mir f.awrence A clerk said he conld not be

seen .
if t had him out here I'd knock his head off
the ck on.” exid the man

Reporters were admitted into the office hut
t wae na long time before the: could see wither
ff the prinaipals
eee LET

“Reval Limited'*—Importact Chinge.,

The “Royal Limited.” via Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad for Philadelphia Baltimore and Washing
ton. commencing Nov, 25. will leave New York,
Sout) Ferry at 5. S P.M, Liberty st. 3:49 P.M
Elegant day coaches, with noextra fare, in addition
tothe splendid Puliman equipment of parlor obser-
vation and dining care. A‘.

 

 

‘

The |

| Lawre ce assured President Warer «

hirn |

Es

|

dof the cone |

 

 

Who wae at him leak
relwbhetyt

Lan ou
latilitios ie ©

“ he sie, ”
bitne to bee overt oke
hat you were the head bookkeeper, weren't
vour

anewered all Inquiries by
fostmote idea of the

veheod

tosianoe 7

haven't had

 

 

Yra, but ae bookkeeper for Me Lawrence
I have 1 rhaclit adivul iformution,
WN Ae Analy bhaven't had tut te look over
hy OWN bed

Vell,” soid a bo etandor ‘i i otep ont
inte ¢) bias shere new rthe hbookhoenmer

Tr aeeienee cant “ha fell u ‘ vot
t hoe ter hat our chances ore of getting

r wonhe teach

he f } in Yeators inaveread M

Walbert, Ia pletely in the dark and wha
have fo walt antl ¢ issanee examines the
books ar lg: ki + ful stiteruent.”

When sMeporter of bur SUN wae permitted

Tnderhtl, the head of the concern at-
ndeorf'’s attorney He sald
ington had foreed the failure de-
getting the summons in the pottoe

 

    

 

court and t)ot it was hie habit whenever le
Wanted to met a settlement with a broker ina
ch netias yapreal to the ertroinal courts
He alee attieked Mrs Ronekendont, who, be
sobl bad deuberately suread seandal ebeut the
condition ef tLe firm witha view to ruining tt
He safd thet she had wore te all ef the branch
oMices and in the presence of the women ens.
t re of tie firin had declarcdit lo be tnael vent,
and that this had caused a runon the firm It
vLi be noted that he mede the same accusation
to Me Foster qe inet an unnamed bookkeeper
whe had been dleharecd

swed the reporter the booka eon-
Ronckendortl's  aceount lhe
aiw showed that she had
with a deposit

 

Underhill «t
faining Mrs
s the reporter
ed her account on Mareh 21,

 

 

 

  

  

 

  

S100 and that she had received stetenents
, avery month and metines owhee a month
} untll Auguet, when Underhill said she left the
cit for the sumener [he last) statement
rendered was on Nov ty, when there was a
debit against her of 1,014.95 She wos then
ahortovahu iver and leng o
fen share d ten shares of
Barl ngtor rt nderhilisaud
had y a ing her debit
wer ® Au had paid
war 4°45 Yored eonsisted
ot three her viliue Une
derhill said that their ’ lhe would
not equal her indebtedness tot concern
CUnderil’s explanation of che firm's re
firsal to wive Mre Ronehendorf? an accourt
in, wna that they were so | with rush oor

| eisted that a full transerint of al! his cllien

The aselenee, Mr. Wolbert, |

 

that they could not He said that when
Rilllncton demanded the accounting }e in-

Jar

 

 

dealings with the firm be made in one after-
noon and that this was impossible | He could
net or would not give an: estimate of the firm's
liahiliifes or asvets, but aald he felt convinced
that the hest protection, not only for the firm,
bot for all ef the customers, was in the as-
atenment which had just been made He
offered no explanation of how the firm
nelle te roeet ita full indebtedness In
conversation with the reporter Mr. Un-
eechill came down hard on women aa cus-
former

“If we ever resime business,” he said, “we

 

 

 

 

|

|

' felt,

| tween China and the Powers in an even more |

THE PRESIDENT PROPOSES MODERATION
1N DEALING WITH CHINA.

Je Satisfied That the Ministers at Pekin Cannot
Agree on Conditions of Peace That Wonld
He Possible of Fulfiment by China Re-
newal of the Suggestion That the Negotia-

tions He Intrusted to a Commission, to

hit at Some Place Kemote From Pekin.

WasHtIxaTon, Nov 28 --A firm conviction,
hesed on advices from Pekin, that the con-
dition of the newotiations between the Ministers
of the Powers at the Chinese capital presents an
almost hopeless eutlook for peace, has forced
the United States Government to apneal to
the other nations concerned to devise mens
ures through which an amicable and satis-
tuctory settlement of the Chinese troubles
will te reached = Details of this radical ation
ot the Government cannot be obtained, hut
enoush is known to justify the assertion that
the United @tates have asked the Powers to
pul aside their individual desires and endeavor
to make an avreement to serve as a basis for
negotiation with the Chinese Govern-
rentwhictow ihe for the good of all concerned

the Government was reluctantly forced to
take this step. The President and his advisers
however, that the foreign representa-
tives at Pekin had succeeded, after many weeks
of conference, in putting the differences he

direst

hopeless tangle than before. To bring order
out of this condition of diplomatic chaos is the
earnest desire of the Government. Whether
any good results will come the Government
hus no means of knowing, but it feela that its

| duty to iteelf and its regard for the peace of
, the world justifies tt fn abandoning hope of

| certain

bringing abont a settlement through the Minis-
tors at Pekin and in appealing to the sense of

justice among the European nations and Japan |

to remove the menace to their own welfare
now confronting therm.

The resident, Uirough the Secretary of
State, has endeavored to make plain to Minis-
ter Conver that the negotiators must put aside
personal feelings of animosity and agree on
such terms aa would be within the ability of
the Chinese authorities to carry out. Bnt the
Ministers, apparently, have been bent on the
adoption of a radical programme of reprisais
to be presented to the Chinese. Conditions
which this Government contends are linposeible
of falf_iment by the Chinese have been tenta-
Uvely agreed to, while other radical ideas ad-
vanced kave caused disputations that dispel
hope of ulfbaate concurrence of views

It may be aald without violation of confi-
dence, for ithas become an open secret In
circles, that the Government is not

| satisfed with the understood attitude of Min-

will mover accept another account from a
women They cannet understand the imar-
ket, they're bad losers and are continually
wessiping ond talking seandal about the con-
cerns with which they deal.”

While Underh’'! was safe in his inside office
Mre = Bar ndor® appeared outside, She
demanded that either Mr. Lawrenwe or Mr.
Underhill see her fhey both declined. She
then nt need that she would wait until |
Mr. Underhiil come out

Whatare y woing to do to him?” she was
asked

“Lam going to take him by the throat and
make hun give me me money,” she answered

A crowd hung cround the halls walting to
eee if she would carry out her threat. Underte
hil, however, reot under cover and Mrs
Ro. ckend rff finally wet away

Underiill and Lawrence rer
office until & o'clock, when five
down by Capt. Metlusky
hour there were som: news|

nained in the
detectives Bent
peared. At thyt
per men and ludfa

 

 

  

' Mr

doven customers sitting around the reception |
room. The detectives came inside and locked
the door ‘They then arrested Underhill,
iawrerce and Wolbert and made everybody
else in the place identify himself or Ha :eelf
before permitting them to leave The priv-
oners were taken to Police Headquirges, where
they were locked up ugt $ ofcio8k. Then

Ramuel A. Wood of 472 Clinton avenue, Brock.
Ivn, beiled tham out Magistrate Denuel had
been sent for and he fixed Lawrence's boil at
$3,000 and that of the ether two at %1,000 each

{here are varying opinions a8 te the amount
of the firm's Habilities efcre |

 

f the Con-
int would be

solidated Exchange that the

     

ister Conger
the instructions of the tate Department, but
there is reason to believe that he has not ap-
prectated their spirit. It is reallzed here that
Conger is naturally desirous of inflicting
the most severe punfehment on those.¢ iliese
Princes, oficers of Ligh rank, who wantonly
caused the murder of foreigners, outraged
wornen and tortured children, and who alded
and abetted the attack on the legations at
Pelcin, causing terrible mental and physical
suffering to members of Mr. Conger's own
funliy, a host of other Americans, and many
other foreign men. women and children. It
is rea |z-d aleo that all the foreign envoys con
cerned in the negotiations cannot put aside
the thonglit of thelr own sufferings and the

 

| sufferings of those dear to them In deciding

e Was arrested |

' an

bes ToAn $100,008 He @aid that e cause of
the fidlure Was Outside speculatior. There !

is little stock of the firm to be closed out
ner the rule and there willl probably be a
lich? balance in toe firm's favor

Attort Zaring toot he thengeht the
inbiint f the ¢« n would be some.
yher retween $30,000 and &.000. He had
no opinion te express ebout the assets Hla
sxplanation ef the firm's fallure is thet the |
manneenmen vet bid The managers of .
bran rf¥ic he aaid, very often transmitted |
orders to buy or to sell to main offieo when
the ardera | for by the cus
0 son tl ‘purpose If |

 
  

tomer he wou'd
was in his favor he would
. In this wav. Zaring said,
the fir wis bh lred eyery dav to make wood
the fart thet the managers
4) of business

 

 

eads in the ru

 

 

DIDN'T CRIPPLE THE CORN KING.

Kighty Cars of Alleged Doctored Grain Re-
jected and the Market Keeps Up.

Cyucaco, Nov. 23. Right: cara of dried

orn, said to have been doctored up for the

er ose of <elb iw as “No, 2" and tneldentally
to ne as a wedge to split the Phillipe groin
eorner, were re aotel bo State Grain Ins).ector
Noble to-da Cul. is regarded asa bia victory
for George IP tidilips. When he waa told |
wf the reavort he said

That {< splendid news for the bull inter-
ests.”
Tho retection is

who tad calculated to break the Corn King

wider nh aceurculotion of dried grain are
fr thy e mv. Of at tand on " Afe
ket oe at 4h cent, veut do tb Bits
nid leat at nd 4 t¢ t ong
for the: f the fest foe Bote Groin
I ot! dD rticent! Lae t elfe t
Viel t t 11 prog braced un and

 

; { t 4 ent i t tie fact that
th: brird «rest the ru that a big lot of
r id teen rele ted, Philllne deter in te
Jd that he had deen unable to verif
the report,

i i ! t now Is he man thine” on the
of Trade He denies that acrich arnt
ether nan is behind him in his under.
as is aa rted by telegrarsa from Mu

na

CAPT. DAYS T@ GO TO WEST POINT.

Harvard's Poctball Leader to He Appointed a
Calet at the Academy,

 

 

Boston, Nov 23—Charles Dudle Daly,
cart of the rvard 'Varcity foottall elever,
i be Ml lay to a cudet)
at the West Volnt Military Academy by Cone
geressipan Je erald «f the Ninth
rict Capt. Daly } ! r destred to enter
( ray ef ‘ « effort
br ft Ua! friend htain for him
t fr t Sinte Senators
‘ i rit at t Une
' ‘ ‘ \ !
t e it the
! -~ ue ‘
‘ y w t
' Prads sas
i feot
{ + ere
‘ ° ! restilt
t Chelsed
1 ! be pr ing for
¢ - r
‘ j ha de
r aut i wt
uo te tend Met
} ' ‘ ! sort ( ' hie
Wy roke f vice
tori ‘ t i ew
Vale 4 ' if erence rewarde
Incr 6 e \trer betnw eraduated
from tla pest dune ledy willenter Weat
Potnt

President Eliot of Rarvard Going to Nermada,

Roston, Nov. 28 President Charles Flot
of Harvard, accompanied by Mra. Eliet and
other members of his family, left Cambridge
to-day for New York, where to-morrow they
will leave on a steamer bound for Bermuda.
The President will be at sentuntil Avril, Dure
ing his absence Pr. Walectt of the State Board
of Meelth willact as President of the university,

Deerfoot Farm Saasages,

There ts nothing more appetizing and dell
for a winter's breakfast Try a tWwo-pound sede
~Adr

For Thanks¢ivin
Ballantine's India

—_—_—_———_

don't forget to or
ale Ale—Adr. der a case of

aid to mean that the shorts |

on the retributory measures to be placed be
fore Karl LA and Prinee Ching for acceptance
in behalf of theig Enaperor. With the Mine
istera, therefore, bent on imposing the more
severe conditions, the Government deemed
this the proper time to endeavor to bring about
understanding among the Powers that
would be reached through the efforts of men
who have no personal feelings in the matter,
end who would, it is hoped, take a broader
view of the Chinese question and Ite relation
to the peace of the world.

None of the offciale with whom Tag 8 Nn

| reporter talked about the appeal to the Powers

would give any information in detail concern-
ing ita character or say when it was sent. It

| was learned, however, that the appeal was in

the form of a circular telegram to the American
representatives at the capitals of the Powers,
containing the representations which the
Government desired them to make to the re-
spective Ministers of Foreign A€aire. It is
believed that the note was sent within the past
day or two, although an intimation was given
the reporter that the Government waa very
well satisfied with what it had done, the idea
conveyed being that favorable responses
had already been received from some quarters,

Whether the instructions were identical with
thoao in obedience to which Mr. White, tie
United Sfates Ambassador at Berlin, visited
the German Minister of Foreign Affaire yaster-
day is not disclosed, but the unofficial under-
standing here is that Mr, White's call was

partioular reference to the latest proposal o
' Germany to compel the Chinese Government
to decanitate eleven Prin and bigb officiaie
as a condition precedent general negotia-
tions for peace, This proposition is not re
garded favorably here, and Mr. White has

eo informed the Gernian Governipent,
is no reison to do .ot the press staternent from
js rin that a satisfactory understanding con-
ceroing (hinese afetirs was reached by Mr.
White and the Gerjnan Minigter,

The proposds which the United Btates have
made to the Powers to bring about a satisface
tore settlement are in accord with theknoyn
derlre of ttis Government to impose on the
Chinese only such conditions as they are able
to fulfl Farller this week Mr. Conger had
been Instructed for the pcan thine not to
{nsist on the imposition of tinpossible eondl-
tions. The Government, as has been made
pliin in ashington despatches to Tar BUN,
Dolieves that claims for indemnity greater than
the Chinese could possibly pay, punitive
proaranine that the Imperial authorities could
net earry out on account of the powerful Ine
fluence of sone of those named for pun!shment,

   

 

  
  
    
 

  

end a genera orrongement so hun iliating to
the Chinase that they eowdd not comply with
ther ere trpoesdble eenditions A méditi-
tion of such propositions, so that thev will
te within the seope of possible compliance,
is What Uils Governan seeks
In a mensure the representations just made
to the Powers embody a renewal of the sug-
aeet of the Tnited States that the peace
necothaticns e intrusted to special commis-
! nd net toth ‘ stem at Pekin sione
' t the Government felt so sure that
the nid be adopted that
' } e ted &th Tow «of New
wes Th Wilson of the Vel-
“ante t invoent ut special pleni-
pet 8 1 Mr Conger in the nee
' 8 A m t of the
| ht at better to have
the \ ekin cet alone in the neget
thor tham disturb the then pre-
\ ii ny this Government ndened
t it eon plan, although satietied that
tw i more satishueter tes ut \o
seeret if now made of the belief that the Min-
istegs at | have failed utterly t istity
the frit! edn ther abllity to meaotiate
i rovernment ds anxious to have the

Leansferred lo some place remote
Mego, such as Brussels, Berne or The
it have gs negotiators only men
re notin Pekin or in China during the
bles and have no personal feeling
ce them. If a proposal to that effect
has not been made to the Powers in the circular
pote there ls every reason to belleve that it
will be made if the note meeta with any degrees
of favor
To the fear that the negotiations at Pakin
were serving only to pave the way for the
dismemberment of China the action of the
United States in appealing to the Powers was
largely due It has been realized here lately
that if any of the nations concerned had terri-
torial desiens oh the Empire, they found only
too willing servants in their Ministera at Pekin,
and ermpathetic friends even among the Min-
isters of Powers that were firmly opposed to
partition

 

Seventy-seven (loatels,

Within from one to fifteen minutes you can reach

any one of 77 New Yoru hotels from the New York

Central's Grand Central Station, best
York to land or start from, —Adr.

|

Not that he has failed to follow |

There |

|

|
|

RUSSIA HOLDS TIFNTSIN RATILWAS

Order tor Turning It Over to the Hritieh Ke

Trentain, Nov 23

ROXER LEADER A USURPER.

Gen. Tung Fn Hsiang Heme tn the Empress and
the Chinese Co
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sus
-The Shanghai correspond-
ent of the Morning Post senda the substance
of a letter from Wang Wen Shao, describing
the situation in Singan-fu
Emperor and Dowager Empress reside in the
They are surrounded by
a body guard of 250 troops, but are hemmed in
by Gen. Tung Fu Hsiang’s forces, who hold
the entire city. Gen. Tung Fu Halang passes
in and out of the yamen as he pleases, and
salutes the Emperor with acant ceremony.
He has declared his intention to emulate the
famous Wang Mang, who prevented the court
in hia time from making terms with the enemy
and finally slew the Emperor and usurped

Lonpon, Nov. 24

(rovernor's yarmen,

the thr

The writer says thatthe only hope of the court
lies in the Mohammedan General Ma, who has
6.000 men outside Singan-fu. and who has a
blood feud with Tung Fu Helang, owing to
the latter's treacherous murder of Ma's cousin.

bean reacinded
tickets printed in the Russian language

scinded.

Special Cable Despaich to THR Sturn
The Russian military
authorities have announced that the order for
' the handing over of the railway to the Briti«h
They are now

one,

 

issuing

He says that the

Gen. Ma, however, is fighting bis own hand

Prince Tuan has gone to Ninghsia to recruit
for Tung Fu Hsiang and to prepare a strong-
hold in case the Allfes drive Tung Fu Haiang
Any attempt on the part of the Empress
to arrest Prince Tuan would be absurd Prince
Chwang was arrested simply as Prince Tuan's

back

ecape goat.

APPEAL

England's Representatives Trying to Influence
Them in Her Favor, It Is Said.

Speetat Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

 

TO YANGTSE

 

VICEROYS.

From THR SUN'S Correspondent at Shanghal.

BHANGHAI,

Fu.

Nov. 28

Russia’s policy in Manchuria.

Local statements

to

ate absolutely unreliable
been made for polilical purposes

In your correspondent’s opinion the Yangtee
Viceroys should be supported in their neutral
attitude and not forced into a compromising

positio!

the effect that Dr
Knappe, the German Consul-General, asked
Viceroy Liu Kun Yi for the privilege of sending
a large German force into the Yangtse Valley
They seem to have

 

-I learn on the best
' authority that the visit of Admiral Seymour
and Mr. Warren, the British Consul-General
here, to the Yangtse Viceroys is made on their
own responsibility, and that its objeot is to try
to induce the two Viceroys to agree to England's
sending troops up the Yangtse-Kiang and
stopping supplies going to the court at Singan-
This attempt is similar to the one nade
by Admiral Bey mour last August to have only
British troops landed at Shanghai, which ended
in failure owing to the fact that the other Powers
at once landed troops also. Such action as is
sought to be carried out would only hasten the
partition of China, ae it is exactly similar to

ATTACKS EMPEROR WILLIAM.

Social Demooratic Leader Scores the ‘Ne Quar-

BERLIN,

in

shown

which
and the Emperor

 

ter’? Speech.

Speetat Cable Despatch te THE SUN.
Nov. 23.—The
China again ocoupied the attention of
Reichstag to-day
Democratic leader, made an eloquent speech,
assailed the Government
He defended the Boxers
as patriots, and declared that Germany had
main interest
was in his attack on the Emperor, in which he
spoke with a boldness that was never paral-

he again

lust

leled in the Reichstag

His invective was mainly directed against
his Majesty's “no quarter" speeoh. He was
reading soldiers letters, detailing the severities
in China when Gen, von Gossler, Minister of
War, rose excitedly and paced impatiently to
and fro, as if unable to control himself, while
Chencellor von Bilow, who was evidently in-
dignant, fidgetted irritably with pen and paper
Herr Rebel, however, weakened the effect of his
utterance by a long and passionate excursion
into irrelevant matters, and the apprehensive
feeling which seemed to hold the House passed.
Nevertheless,the speech made a deep impression
eepecially when Herr Bebel dramatically chal
lenged a prosecution of the Socialiste for pro
“You dare not,” he said

ducing

the letters.

Herr Bebel,

of conquest.

The

the

German polley in
the
Social

in effect, “because you know they are true.”

Chancellor von Bilow and Gen. von Goesler
both replied to the speech, the latter reasserting
that the letters were fabrications The Mine
isters’ apologies seamed to miss fire, however,
and the House adjourned in a depressed mood,

 

WALDERSEE REPORTS FIGHTING.

Eighty Chinese Killed in Bngagements With

Speetal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Berwin, Nov. 23.—Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee reports that part of Col. York's
| column attacked the rear guard of the Chinese
troops who were retiring from Heuenhwa,
killing thirty of them and capturing eight
transport wagons, with money and ammuni-
A detachment cormmanded by Major
Muchlenfels drove the Boxers out of Ankiach-
wang, killing fifty of them and capturing eight

tion

quns

Lon!

York and Meehlenfels.

Famine in Shenel Prevince,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
%-—-The Shanghai

ON, Nov

corres-

|

|

 

‘

 

 

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.-—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING
| \N APPEAL TO THE POWERS

VAN WYCK CHARGES FAIL, |

ROOSEVELT DISMISSES THEM FOR
LACK OF RVIDENCE

aoV.

Saye That Neither the “World” Nor Ite Attor
neys Mave Curnished Which
Would Warrant Him to Kvew Appotot a
Commission to Take Testimony tu the (ase

Pvidence

ALBANY, Nov. 23. The chorgee fled by the}
World agaist Mayor Van Wyck of New York |
city with Gov. Roosevelt, upon whieh wae
based the World's application for the Mayor's |
removal from off ce on account of his connee-
thon with the American lee Company, were |
diamissed to-day by the Governor, The rea- |
son for such dismissal wae that neither the
World nor (ts attorneys, Jo Noble Haves and
Wheeler H Peckham, had furnished the Gov-
ernor, after months of waiting on their part, |
with g sciptilla of evidence whieh would warrant
the Governor in even appointing a spectal
commissioner, as was done in the charges
agalnet District Attorney Asa Bird Gardiner,
to take testiinony regarding the charges. At-
torney-General Davies has repeatediy advised
the Governor that the Wor/d’s attorneys had
not In the least degree made out 4 case awalnest
Mayor Van Wyck, so at last, after giving the |
World months of opportunity to substantiate |
ite case against the Mayor, the Governor to-day
was forced under the luw, and pursuant to |
the advice of the Attorney-General, to throw |
the charges out. The Governor's decision
follows:

THE GOVERNOR'S DECISION
“STaTH OF NEW You, FA PCUTIVE HAMDEN, }
ALBANY, NOV. 24, 197)

‘In the matter of the chargee preferred
aginat Hobert 4. Van Wyek, Mavor of the
cily_of New York--Decision:

"The brief presented by Mr. Hayes of eoun-
sel to the bhorld, undated, bit received in this
Offices Nov 29, contains no additional testl-
monv or indication where additional testimony
ean be obtained. The situation is therefore
unchanged trom what it was on Oct 4, 10%),
when the Attorneyateneral wrote his letter
to me There is, therefore, as atated by the
Attorney-General in his letter of Nov 28, litte
to add to what was contained in his letter of
Oct 4, and in the statement issued by me on
Nov 17. /

“1 conour in the Attorney-General’s opinion.
My Judgment ta that the go-called lce Trust
@ not a corporation in which the Mayor of
New York should have stock. Kut no proof
has been offered of any wilful violation of
law on the part of the Mayor, such as would
er the drastic measure of ren/rving him |
rom office. he power of removal from office
of elective officers should be treated much
as we treat the power of impeachment. It
{san patraoratsary andnot an ordinary remedy.

r

The norm edy for bad government
must be an appeal to the people and only
in wholly exceptional cases is {t d-sirable to
subatitute eople an

‘or this appeal to the
appeal to the power of removal or the power
oF im ne. The case is therefore dis-
mised. AKODORB RoosEveEst, Goveraor.
Attorney-General Davies's letter advising
the Governor to dismiss the charges follows:

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S REPORT
“To the Honorable, the Governor:

“Six: Ihave the honor to say that, pursuant
to vour verbal request, I have carefully ex-
amined the briefs submitted to you by counsel
for the petitioners in the matter of the applica-
Yon to remove from office the Mayor of New

ork city. I 9 unable to find Saying in these

ich le 1

briefa wh ads me to change the views
expressed to + in my former communication
under date of Oct. 4 Ip that connection,

I suggested to you that before any further
proceedings were taken in this matter, you
shoud require the petitioners torlace you in
possession of evidence which standing along
ee ndisputed would justify the removal of
or

“At the outset of their brief counsel state
that it contains a statement of what they deem
to be ‘first, the issue raised by the Mayor's
answer to the petition, referring to the facts
which stand admitted by the answer and those
which remain to be proven support of any
of the chargas, together with a statement of
the proof which petitioners are prepared to
offer in support of the same’ In epite of thi
statenent, f have cearched throngh the brie
in vain for any statement of the proofs which
the petitioners could or would furnish In sup.
port of the charges or for ¥ sureestion as
to where such proof could be obtatned, So
far as this polnt is concerned there is abso.
litely po change in the situation since the date
of my former communlention to ron

“I do not Intend to discuss the legal questions
nvolved further than to say that my views
jeretofore expr to vou are unchanged
still believe that an official who 1s the owner of
stock in a corporation haying contracts with
the clty is interested within {Pe meaning of
sertion 1888 of the charter; but if his ownership
of this stock was acquired before the tranaac-
tions complained of and such transactions
were without his knowledge, then he is guilty
of no moral offence, as guilty knowlédge is the
ren of the offence —

“This seems to bet p view entertained by Gen,
in his opinion anpende
The concludihg sentence
his views as to the

 

Tracy and expresse
to the brief of eounsel
of the op’ pion, Le ater
crimt liability of an offictal, be as_ follows:
‘It follows, therefore, that the city officer who
acquires the stock of a corporation, knowin
at euch corporation haa such contracts with
city, momits the act prohibited by statute
dnd je guilty @ misdemeanor.
‘You have also submitted to mea telegram
under daté of Nov. 21, in which it {8 sugyeeted
counsel for the petitioner that the Appellate, |
Hvision of the Supreme Court have decided
that the fce company is an illegal combination;
and in thie connection they call attention to
certain Poem which are entirely dicta,
in one of the opinions delivered in that case—
an opinion which wae not conenrred in by
any of the other members of the court, I
am it a loss to understand how this contention
ean eerionsly be made =} is ta be remembered
that the Attorner-General has not yet cam-
mene an action against the company, and
{t follows, of course, that no nleadings have
vet been drawn, no evidence hus heen ad-
duced, and the contracts whieh It is alleaed
croate ar tend to create a monopoly liave neyor
heen pleeanted to the court. The proceeding
above referred to war one instituted by the
Attorney-General pursnant te the nrovisions
of section 4. chapter 999, laws of 1899, for the
purpose of examining witnesses and procuring

! evidence preliminary to the bringing of an

pondent of the Standard says iat a@ terrible |

famine is prevailing in the Province ot Shensi
‘The Govern ents reserve @rinaries are nearly
The people in the Singan-Fu_ prefeo-
ves and roots,

empty

Lure are ¢€

ting erass, lea

It is

anid that there have been cases of cannibalism |

inthert

May Displace Women tn Northern Pacifie Rail-

St

Pati, Nov
Northern Pacitic,
will notify

wuntains

 

MEN

road OM

23

STF NOGRKAPHERS

ces,

after Marcel! their'servie@. Wil no

of promoton

fuct« r)
the Int

ability
such 5

would

 

stenogray her

ter are preferred

 

rnd education to h
oaitions

not

as would be supposed

tol
five or

thirty,

une
for the

old them,

as stenagraphers and
clerks, Women haye no positions in railroad
o®M es and probably never will,
displace as many

 

reason
the general knowledge they aequire in taking
dictation from superors seen qualifies them
for hicher poations, provided they have the
Exce; ting
minor |

young

It is possible that the
within the next few weeks,
women ste joeraphers that
we needed,
‘The reason for the proposed action is that the
voung women fil places, which ifheld by young
jgen, would put the latter direet!y in the line
Youns ladies make more satis-

then 5 hut

that

Vermont Legisiatare Rejects Local Option.

Mov TPriirr,

houses

to 12 for, and In the House it was 140

Vt, No

to 92 for

writes a Thanksgiving porm for to-morrow's special
Sunday World supplement. How to eat your turkey

place in New | et twe ive cents

wall

 

v

James Whitcomb Riley

PASE opel

nd half-tone.
Ade.

23--The Verment
lecisiature has rejected the local option bill,

which has been under consideration in both
The vote In the Senate was 17 agninat
against

The change |
women
There are not more
than seventeen or eighteen employed as stenog-
raphers in the general office in St. Paul and the
on the systam does not exceed twenty-

| nhove mentioned he enacted into law, hit there

action to test the question whether or not the |
ice company wa an uplawfil comb 'nattor
“Thea questions hefore the court related
wholly to the conetitutionality and validity of
the statutory provisions as to thie preliminary
proceeding “nder these cirenumetances ft
muet be apparent, even to the law mind, that
o court hae vet decided that the ice company
sa truet or that ite operations have heen in
violation of the law ery respectfully vours,
Joun CC Davirs, Attorney-General
“Nov. 23, 1990."
In addition to his written oninion dismiss-
ing the charges, Gov. Roosevelt had this to
sav on the Tee Trust qnesticon

THY GOVERNOR'S STATEMENT
“There has nat been an hour's unnecessary

delay on the part of the Strte authorities
Fiftv-five dove elapsed from June? when the
Wor/d Arst led its charges, until duly 27 when
ita amended complaint put those eharces in

     
  
  
   

 

final form, and forty-two davs elopsed from
Ania 17 when these charges were served upon
the Mayor u when the Maver
his answer | e then has b
solely de tot the Wedd at thot
fred rive hich it former
’ with the eve
r for the time
* trusts te not
rn. 1 wish to
e+

ne State,
Attcrmnev-Gen-
rrtion sheaytd
t nut In my last
Tegte'nture 1

he suceeseft,

 

annual message to the rece?
mended the ada wien of vstem whieh weuld
secure reasonable pa l"eitv of such facts « :
cerning corporations os the public has a riaht |
to know and rensonable restrict! of their |
powers Fvente have shown, esnecially in view

ef what hee occurred in connection with the tee
troag, thet even stronger action than that which If
reeam nendedakouid he taken. Notonty should
such provisions concerning corporations

should be lodged somewhere the newer to
preacribe the conditions under which foreign
1d domestic corporations can do huriness in
this State, and to deprive them of thelr charter
{f they at_any time violate these conditions." |
The additional statements of alleged evi-
gence filed recently by ‘he World's attorneys
the Van Wyek charges do not, the Attor-
fncva dt and Governor aay, embrace any

acts additional to those contained in the pre-

iminary charges, which have already been
published

 

The Train for Pittsbarg.

Only 98 00 first class and $4.50 second class, New
York to Pittebuye via Reltimore & Ohio RR on
*Pitsbure Limfted.” Leave New York, South Ferry,
e55 P. , and Liberty street 7:00 P.M: arrive

itisburg 655 A.M. Pullman drawing room sleep
ing cara. —A de.

 

LLL A Ae

ASSOCIATION

—

THINKS NINE WEN WEEE OST

Steamehip Namidian Lo esa Crippled Schooner
tt Wae Towing to Port

Porrtasn, Me, Now 22 The captain of
the ritieh steamer Numidian, which arrived
here te day, reported that on last Wednerd
morning | veeeet collided with the schooner
Alma of Lockport, NOS shortiv be da
break and cut her down to the wate ewe
A boat wae hastily lowered but asthe schooner
was nol in trhomediately danwer of sinking, i

was detern.ined to tow her into this port if
possible A haweer andtwo of the Nurmidian’a
crew were sent aboard the Alma, making nie
meninallontheeraft

After towing the senooner until early Thurs-
day morning the latter broke admft and has
not been seen or heard of since The captain
of the Numidian says the Alma waa making
water fast when the towing haweer parted,
and that her crew were kept busy working
the pumps continuously after the collision
He thinks that she went dowo with all on board

VANDERBILT GIRL BABY.

Daughter Rorn Last Night to Mrs. William K,
Vanderbilt, Jr.

A girl baby was born at 11 o'clock last night
to Mra W K. Vanderbilt, Jr, at her home,
en7 Fifth avenue This is the house formerly
ocenpied by Mr and Mra O H. P. Belinont,
Mother and daughter were reported late last
night as doing well,

 

THE PRESIDENT TO TAKE A DAY OFF.

 

Wilt Attend the Gary Wedding in Baltimore
and a Banquet in Philadelphia.

Wastinoton, Nov. 23. ~The President, ac-
companied by all the members of his Cabinet,
except Seeretary Hoot, and by Mrs. Gage and
Miss Wilson, daughter of Secretary Wilson,
and Secretary Cortelyou, will go to Baltimore
to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock ta be present
at the wedding of the daualiter of ex-Post-
master-General Gary. Jhe party will witness
the ceremony, partake of the wedding break-
fast and leave Baltimore at 19% o'clock for
Philadelphia, where they will arrive at 3 20

An escort will meet the President and take
him and the Cabinet party to the home of Mr
Stotesbury, 1925 Walnut street, where there
will be a reception lasting #0 minutes ‘The
President will be escorted to the Union League
Club shortly before 6 o'clock to attend a ban-
quet at that hour, and at 11 o'clock there wilt
he a reception to members of the club As
soon as it is over the President and party will
leave Philadelphia for Washington to arrive
here early Wednesday morning, Senator
Lodze, who ta in New_ York, will Join the
party to-morrow in Philadelphia.

NEW SUBMARINE BOAT.

The Holland Company Contracts to Bu'ld One
in Place of the Planger.

Wasutnoton, Nov
executed to-day between the Navy Department
and the Holland Submarine Torpedo Boat
Company by which the latter agrees to bulld a
new vessel in place of the submarine boat
Plunger and to credit the Government with
the amount of money it had paid on the Plua
ger's construction. The new vessel is to be
on the plans of the aix submarine boats of the
Holland type authorised by Congress at its
last session. It will be larger than the Plunger
and a better veasel in every respect, The con-
tract price for the Plunger was $150,000, and
of that amount &5 per cent. or $127,500 had been
pald by the Government to the Holland com-
pany. No payments will be made to the Hol-
aud company on the new vessel until work
sroredons ng the amount named has been

one,

KANSAS NATURAL GAS FAILING.

Many Wells Being Abandoned —Companties
Will Lose Heavily.

Topnra, Kan, Nov. 23.—F. G. Latterer, who
owns a lar@e brick plant at Cherry vale, Kan.,
in the @as belt, said to-day that the Kansas
natural gas fields are rapidly failing. Many
wells which two months ago furnished a strong

ow of gas have failed, and other, Mr. Lat-

prer sais, will soon have to be abandoned

The Standard Oil Company, the Rockefellers
and other New York capitalists have inva-ted
large sums in @melters and other industries
ut fon an

 

 

d other parts of aoutheart Kansas,
will be heavy sufferers in the fallure of
gas wells. The Standard and Forest (i! o:m-
panies now hold leases on many thou-and
acres ¢f land in the Kansas natural gas belt

an

 

 

TORPEDO BOAT DB LONG ‘LAUNCHED.

High Tide Provides SuMficient Water to Place
the Craft Overboard.

Boston, Nov. 22.—The torpedo boat De Long
took the water at Lawley’s yard, South Boston,
this morning without the slightest mishap,
There was none of the festivity that marked
the proceedings yesterday when the Blakely
was inunched and both boats were named, but
enough people were there to give the trim little
boat a cheer.

Mrs Dlilis, the descendant of De Long, who

ve the name yesterday, wae on hand to see
the actual launching here was plenty of
water, almost two feet more than the day be-
fore, for tlie tide was within a foot of the top of
some of the piers of the South Boston bridges

 

SALOON ANNOYS ROCKEFELLER.

Supreme Court Refuses to Revoke Melin's
Tiquor Tax Certificate.

Justice Marean of the Supreme Court has
denied the motion to revoke the liquor tax
certificate of John Melin, in the town of Mount
Pleasant, upon the ground that the certificate

falls to state sufficient facts to cause cancelia- |

tion. Justiee Marean haa referred the matter
to ex-Distriet Attorney Platt to take evidence
on the matter and report to the court The
property adjoins that of John D Reg kefeller,

who is said to be desirous of getting rid of Melin |

and his saloon) = The seloon keeper is anxious
to sell, but it is said wants too high a price

 

Got a Glimpse of Ais Sister, Missing Five Years. |
disappeared from her home |

Maury Hadley
in a fit of dementia five vears ogo She was
21 vears old then. Last Monday her brother
John, who Hves at 640 West Fifty-firet street,
rode pust Forty-second street in a Sixth ave-
nue cor end saw her standing there. He was

so astonished that he rode a whole block be-
fore be eould eolleet his senses enough to get

up He walked back, @ut she wag gone, Mr,
Hadiew asked the police vesterday to find
{s She is a blonde and has a mole

When he saw her she had

 

 

aver the jeft eve
onl drese and a black hat
Chartes H. Hert Rurted,
Cnavirstown, N. H., Nov. 22—The body
of Oharies Tl. Hoyt was laid away this after.

noen by the side ofthe remains of hisfather, his
first and his e@-cond wife, and hia children, in the
mrouecteotn in the town cemetery bere. The
burial rites of the Friscopal Church were ad-
ninteters d by the Rev, Howard F
cord, who was a fel member with Mr Hoyt
in the State Legislature The service In
St) Luke's Episcopal Church was conducted
be the rector, the Rev. BOS. Tmasiter

 

Woman Tries to Kill a Judge.

Serivorieny, Obie, Nov % —Mrs Pridwet
Sullivan entered the oMece of Probate Judge
James P. Goodwin this afternoon and shot at
him with a &82-caliber revolver The bullet
lodged in a box containing papers two feet
above the Judge's head = It required four men
to hold the woman after she had been seized

Mrs Sullivan became enraged at the Judge
for committing her stepson, Frank Shaefer
to the Columbus Asylum

Substitute Letter Carriers Want Salaries,

The substitute letter carriers will try to have
a bill presented at the coming session of Con-
gress providing fer the payment of regular
wages to them They say that at present
most of them do not earn more than $30 4a
month

 

Rapid Service Continaed,

The Pennsylvania Rallroad still runs seven i,
@ains to the West from New York every day.—Aee

 

23.—A contract was |

ne

Cloudy to-day; raln to-morrow,

- : - —¥

reich TWO CENTS.

MANUATTAS CLUB LOOMS UP

 

tout SsTHONG

eryine

wevaseraray
OF DPNOCHAED.

i\p A

| The Overthraw of Crokeriom Said to Hea Chere
Men of
Highest Stending in Besiness and Political

ished Deien of the @reanization

Hife Are Tercted Among His Members,
The Manhattan Clit will celebrate its thirtye
Nfth anniversar everine during the
Recond Week oun December and when the meme
bers come towether theclobefie rs will beable
fo report te therm that newer before in the hige

tory of the ormuuzation bas it been more prow

The first object of the club on tte
Org nization Was to prom te Democratic prine
ciples, and its has been true to its object ever

| mince it Was organized

When i ud rower moved his headquare
ters uptown fron the Fourteenth street wig-
wam to the Fifth Avenue Demoeratio Club
in December of i807 all his friends sajd that
the ancient glory of the Manhattam Club had
departed, and thet all the Democrats in New
York city would forsake the older home of
Democracy for Mr Croker's headquarters,
Two or three of Mr Croker's adherenta re
tigned from the Manhattan, and let it be knowa
that they regarded the Democratio as the only
politico-social club to which a friend of Mr.
Croker could belong. At that time the Man
hattan was housed in the Stewart Mansion
at Thirty-fourth street and Fifth avenue, and
was in a bad way financially

| The officers of the Manhattan did not become
panic stricken at the threats of Mr. Croker’s
| friends to drive their club to the wall, In
, &tead they decided to move downtown, to the
| old Jerome house on Madison avenue fronting
| the park The good effects of the move were
apparent in a very short time. The club paid
| its indebtedness, ite membership began to in
| Crease and now ft is one of the strongest clubs
}in town, The celebration in December will
| be in charge of a special committee of three
| méinbers Jobn Hone, Charles H. Truax and
|W.S odie A petition has been in ciroula-
‘tion for several days requesting the House
| Committee to surrender the clubhouse for
| the night of the celebration, so that the cele-
brants may have full possession,

Atnong those who have signed are George
| P. Andrews, S_D Babcock, 7 ranklin Bartlett,
| K Bayne, Menry Ko Beekman con
| mont, A. N) Brady, John Byrne, John » Ci

houn, Charles Wo Dayton, John G. Carlisle,
| Frederic Ro Coudert, Jophu D Crimmins, John

Jos Passos, William Butler Duncan Pusha
| Dyer, Jr; Atuos F bno, Paul Fuller, John F.
| Gibbons, J. A. Geissenhauer, Hugh J. Grant,
{John Clinton Gray, D Gilbert, Jamea W.
ene, W. B_ Hornblower, Stanford aor

S Lamont, Willag: Lummis, John A
Call, David MeCiure, Henry D Macdona, F P.
Oleott, Frank Ko Pendleton, A.B. Proal, Here
man fiidder, Wo 8. Rodie, John Rutherford,

| Jatnes Speyer, Robert R. Roosevelt, Douglas
Taylor, Alfred Wagstaf, Ro T. Wilson, C. H.
Truax and William C. Whitney
During the past three or four daysthere have
been 4 great many stories in circulation as to
the atandot the Manhattan tn the next Mayor-
alty contest. These stories have all been
! to the effect that the members of the club were
generally opposed to the present administras
i tion of Tamumany Hall and that they would be
against the Wigwam candidate, Justice Truax
declared last evening that he had never heard
of any such sentiment in the club, and that he
| would certainiy have heard of it had It existed.
| The stories probably had their origin in the
attitude which the most rabid of Mr Croker's
admirers tooy in 1808 when the Democratic
| Club first beeame prominent under Tammany
'manageinert At the same time it was pointed
' out last evening that the present control of
| the Democracy in the nation was distasteful
'

perous

'

to a great many of the members of the Man-
| hattan Clib. Col Bartlett, Mr. Doe Passos,
Mr Carlisle, Mr Condert and many of the other
prominent members of the Manhattan are
opposed to Hrvanism, and have not hesitated
to express their political opinions, declaring
that they were true jiemocrats, and could not
sympathize with i6 to t and the polley of riot.
Many of these men are also apposed to Croker
ism = but all of them are interested in the
welfare of the Manhattan Club and are anxious
to see it successful
There is a strovg determination among such
| Denioerata as ex-Conptrolier Ashbel P. Fitch,
| Isidor Straus, President Janes J Woodward
| of the Hanover Ngtional Bank, Francis Lynde
Stetson, Clevelands old law partner: Mr. Car-
lisle ard J. Fdwerd Simmons, Dresident of
; the Fourth National Rapk, to exert them-
selves tothe fullestent of thelr power net year
to complete the overthrow of Crokeriam which
| was begun in 1808, when he appeared firet as
| @ State leader These men and their friends,
however, believe that none of the men yet
ut forward oa a possible candidate for Mayor
s the rigit man for the job
hey have had @ number of conferences,
informal, of course, at which they have ocon-
sidered the situation fully, and they have made
up their minds that the first thing to_do tn
the reconstruction of the National Pomp.
leratie party is to overthrow Mr. Croker in
!Tarnmany. Ther are aginst Tammany, tn
| favor of the ant-Tommany union, and are
opposed to a premature exposure of the Tiger’s
enemy's rlins. Meny of them have refused
| to Join with the Citizens’ Union in calling an
April convention, believing that euch a cone
l vention wonld have no eood effect. Some
of them are convinced that the early conven-
tion plan is for the benefit of a certain oandi-
| date, siclvas John D Crimmins or Bird 8, Coler
and for this reason they are much opposed
to it
Perry Relmont, who resiened from the Board
lof Governors of the Democritle Club because
| his name was attached to a farewell borquet
| to the chieftain withovt his consenr, has been
| in Washington this week, and advices from there
| indicate that there has been some talk In the
fnational eapital of Mr Belmont as the local
leader «f the anti-Tammany  Dermceracy.
Prominent anti-Tammany Ternocrats here
baid last eventing that they hed not heard of
this plans Mr Belmont supported Bryan in
the last eampoien and in the inter-party Demoe
eritic Purht in this State stood by Mr. Creker
and Tarmanv in opposition to ex-Senator
flill and lis friends

 

 

 

THROWER ARRESTED.

 

 

wowrivy ACID

 

| Jealous Mrs. Max Wolf, Who Destroved the
| Sight of Her Servant, Returns to Her Home.

{ Mrs Mas Wolf, who ts charged with throwe
} ing acid in the face of her former servant,
' Tena Schacka, on Tuesday at the home of Mrs,
Arnold Malkain, 167 Kast 108d street, appeared
at her Rutgers street, yesterday,
carrving her baby The police of three pre-
cinets had been hunting for her since Tuesday
night. Her husband had declared that he had
not seen her since the acid-throwing incident

|

home, @6

 

 

and that he beleved she had become insane
. and had committed suicide

She left her baoy in the house and ca
into the street A crowd that had heard of
her home-conine gathered in front of the
house She pushed her way through the
throne and cin toward Fast Broadway, Many
pursued her She eluded them, and later
se was arrested by Detective Delaney of thi
Madison stree: station She was arraign
in the Harlem hee court for felonious as
gault a? woritted tor examination

C} who is in lowe with Miss
Se} at Bellevue Hospital veeter-
dav ‘ ted to marry ber as soon

 

he leave the hospital, 7*
f her eyes has been destrope

VEW KANSAS BANK OPENED.

& aly v a '
fight of one

Farmers Brought Their Money in Tin Cans and
Stockings.

ToreKa, Kan, Nov. 22 —A hank was opened

! atthe villuge of Burns, in Butler county, veater-
day morning and before ¢ o'clock $100,000 had
been deposited in its vanits. Farmers, stock-
men and citizens came into the town with thelr
moner in eld tin cans, stockings ond purses,
Bank Ccoounissioner Hreidenthal sacs it waa
yinest re markable occurrence in history of a
Kanes bank and shows beth the ps eperous
condition of farmers and the confidence that
President McKinley'a reelection has created

 
 

 

| caqneeEgEECRETET

. Made First Mate for His Gallantry.
'  Jesenh Gaanon, second mato on the Charities
Departrrent ferrvboat Gilroy, who risked bis
| | ad several weeks aa0 to xove a boepital nurse
} from drowning in the bast River, was made
| first mate of the Thermas | Brennan yesterday
as a reward for his heroism He aleo received
| a gold medal and #25 from the Humane ¥ -
| veer Life Saving Corps

The Dawn of the Twentieth Contary

fees the Pennsylvania Ratiroad eonsteatiy imgsor-
| ing tts earviee in every ¢treetion.—~A éa, .