|
|
|

 

 

>
I

ly
The seer Sur

  

GATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1000
Sabecripttons fe Mall Powprd
pat per Ml nono
DAILY, wer Vear ooo
RUNDAY, per Veat 200
DAILY Ab nO
PpAreyvy ANTS eu n to
iM t ¢
ew Vow
Pane neor Grand Motel, and
Khosque ovat spores
It owe Ort 9 who tarot ue ® manuarréme for
pee , ’ have tolected crtteles eeturmed fey
mont’ pare on i ampe for that purpose
EE
=

The Territory of Luzon.

The election has converted a Brvani a,
the Philadelphia Timea, from a rampant
downhauler of the flag in the Philippines to

polley

Ww ¢ { meet the Fillpines with the
proposition to ive them the rights of @ territorial
gorernmens, with permissfon to make thetr own laws
fo harmony with the Constitution and polley of our
Government, there would be pence tn the Phi'tppine
Telands as soon as the pollcy of the Government be-

ngress Ww

camer generally understood ;

Our contemporary has desctibed pre
cisely the Admintatration’s policy, to which
Congress has given every evidence of its
approval, ‘It is our purpose,”’ wrote the
President, when accepting the Repub-
Mean nomination for President, ‘to
give the Inhabitants of the Philippines
gelf-government when they are ready for
it, and as rapidly as they are ready for
{t, That I mean to do under my Constl-
tutional authority, and will continue to
do until Congress shall determine the
political status of the inhabitants of the
archipelago.”

Luzon could be a territory 1ke Alaska
the day after Congress met i! it was peace-
ful. We urge our Philadelphia contempo-
rary to help in spreading Its views among
the Aguinaldists

The leo Trust Decision of the Appel-
late Diviston,

The decision of the Appellate Division of
the Third Department on last Tuesday,
Nov. 20, in the Ice Trust case, while it
limits the force and effect of certain reme-
dies in olvil actions against monopolies
provided tn the Act of 1800, does not in any
way tend to uphold combinations in re-
straint of trade or to shield monopolies
from the provisions of the criminal law.

'
|

The decision disposes of two questions: |

First, What kind of
brought under the Act of 1899? and, secon’,
Can persons be compelled to testify
against themselves and to produce papers
ani books concerning the alleged illegal
contract, on a preliminary examination
before the commencement of an action?
The Legislature, on May 25, 1899, passed
Chapter 690, entitled: “An act to prevent
monopolles {n articles or commodities In
common use, and to prohibit restraints
of trade and commerce, providing penal-
ties for violations of the provisions of this
act, and procedure to enable the Attorney-
General to secure testimony in relation
thereto.” This act declared that every con-
tract, agreement or combination whereby
monopely in the manufacture, production
or sale of any article or commodity of
common use is created, or whereby com-
petition in the supply or price of any such
article or commodity ts restrained, is illegal
and void, It declared that every person or
corporation or any officer or agent who shall
make or enter into any such contract or com-
bination is guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction shall, if a natural person, be
punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000, or by
imprisonment for not longer than one year,
or by both such fine and imprisonment, and
{f a corporation by a fine not exceeding
$5,000. The third section authorizes the
Attorney-General to bring a civil action
in behalf of the people against any person
or corporation to restrain and prevent
“the doing in this State of any act herein
declared to be illegal, or any act, for the
making or consummation of any contract
or combination herein prohibited."
next section provides that the Attorney-
General, before the commencement of the

an action ean be!

The |

action, can procure from @ Justice of the |

Supreme Court, an order for the exami-
nation of witnesses and for the production
of books, while in section 6 it is enacted
that no person shal! be excused from an-
ewering questions, or from producing
books or papers on this preliminary exami-
nation, on the ground that the testimony
or evidence required of him may tend to
incriminate him, but that he shall not be
prosecuted or be subsected to any penalty
on account of any transaction cone ring
which he may testify OF produce evi lene:

On May 28 last, the Attorney-Geners!
presented to Mr Justice Cres of
Supreme Court a petition <tatag that
he was about to commence an action again *
the American Ioe Company and ite enter
“to vacate, annul and set aside the cote.
cate procur®” allowing the Amoreen
Tee Company to do business in this State,
and asking for an order to examine Cranes
W. Morse, the President of the American
loe Company, and others. Judge Cuasr
granted the order and appointed Myrr
Nvsspatm referee to examine the wit-
NeCARES.

The Appellate Division vacates the order
of reference. Mr Justice KELLOGG, i)
one of the prevailing opinions, says that
if he is right in the conclusion that the
testimony of witnesses and inspection of
books were not necessary, it will be un
neces sary to consider the other features
of ths law which appellant urges in con-
demnation of the law as unconstitutiona!
but the Judge virtually condemns the statute
in this language :

Cols law, in the highest degree inquiattorial,
and giving an open door to the greatest abuses, siiould
at least be confined strictly within the mits of ob
fects its wording polnts out

Mr Justice Suita, who wrote the othe,
prevailing opinion, says

 

he

“ If the oontract be vicious, the parties thereto are
criminally Hable, both under our State law and wo:
the Pederal law. ‘To require these witnesses to swear
to any facts watch Would establisa the making of '
contract alleged in the petition or connect them ¥
its miking of execution, would, therefore, be an
fringement upon tae rights assured to them by tie
Constitution. The witness sought to be examined
is the President of the corporation, presumptively a
party to the making, and engaged with the corpora
on and tn its behalf In executing, the eontract
claimed to be criminal. Lean conceive of no possivie
Inquiry material to the controversy witch woud not

cali for an answer which would tend to convict the
witness of a crime under the Pederal statute t
these views be correct this examination was not pr p
erly ordered. And this question can, 1 think be |
false td by the witness and at this time. The witness

bere asoert, bis privilege and deinands the Constity
Honal protection

Juige KeLLooG bases his decision on
the ground that the action which the petition

‘

 

| JONES,

an advocate of the following reasonable {finpair the eficiency

THE SUN, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.

sede be to be bronght | to vacate and annul | etitution and an unawerving adherence | trained tenoner: for Munday setonl Inetrietion
to ita principles and an economically ad- | hae been tried, reported enthucla theatly in ite

the certificate of the lee

 

ath) ot genie
company wont methocived and that the
emily ois wer © ip toe Aet of 1900 la one
fo featrain too making of consummation
of any prohibited eontract of combination
itv’ that ch remedy ie purely preventive
r future ww character and cannot be
exter lin ite scope ao aa to cover legal
‘onents alrecdy conaummated such aa
thatofthe Aner can fee Company
In other words the Court hold, that

meuning that the Ameriean lee Company
niract creating: a monopoly
completed and the etatute

had made a ¢

‘wrong Wi

His to provide any remedy for the ae.
voplished wrong For this reason the
propose ction would not te, and, there.

ore, there can be no need of exaroining

Witnesse@ or inspecting books,
A civil hy the Attorney-General
fan be maintained only when he ts wide

action

awake enough to anticipate the making
of an Ulegal agreement or combination
but the deeiion does not in any way

of the existing pro-
Visions of criminal law which insure ample
protection against monopolies, The Penal
Code in Section 168 provides that “if two
or more persons conspire to commit any
act injurious to trade or commerce, each
of them ta guilty of a misdemeanor” and
the Revised Statutes contained a similar
provision The People va. Sheldon de-
ciled by the Court of Appeals in 1893,
is one of the beading cases on the general
question. In that case the defendants,
who were retail coal dealers in the city of
Lockport, were indicted for combining to
prevent competition in the price of coal,
A jury in the Niagara Court of Sessions
convicted the defendants of the crime of
conspiracy. The General Term affirmed
the conviction, and on the final appeal
the conviction was again affirmed by the
Court of Appeals in an opinion in which
all the Judges concurred, Chief Judge
ANpRews, in rendering the opinion of the
court, held that the question did not turn
on the point whether the agreement be-
tween the retail dealers in coal did, as mat-
ter of fact, result in injury to the public
or to the community. “ The question is
was the agreement, in view of what might
have been done inder it and the fact that
{t was an agreement the effect of which was
to prevent competition among the coal
dealers, one upon which the law affixes
the brand of condemnation?” The validity
of the agreement did not depend upon actual
proof of public injury, and if the purpose
of the agreement was to prevent competition
in the price of coal between the retail
dealers, it was illegal and justified the con-
viction,

Further it should be noted that the new
Act of 1890, aside from the question of con-
apiracy, makes it a misdemeanor for any
person or corporation to enter into any
agreement or combination for the creation
of a monopoly in the manufacture or sale
of any commodity of common use,

The tendency of the courts to uphold all
the existing provisions of law against mo-
nopolies is shown in the very recent de-
cision of the Court of Appeals in the Union
Bluestone Company case, There an agree-
ment was mule between fifteen persons
who produced nearly all the Hudson River
bluestone, ani 99 per centum of the whole
ainount of such stone sold in the New York
market to customers east of the Mississippi
River, the yearly sales amounting to nearly
two millions of dollars. An agreement
wus made between the
defendants that the Union Bluestone Com-
pany shonid act as sales agent of all thia
stone, the producers agreeing to sell no
stone except through the company, and
to fix the prices. The defendants were
charged by the plaintiff! with combining
to prevent any further delivery and sales
on his account under the contract, and
thus to deprive him of any further profit.
The Court of Appeals, in an opinion by
Judge Lanvon, has just held that the
contract was void, and that the trial court
was right in s0 holding as a matter of law,
because it was a contract which threat-
ened a monopoly, with which the individual
would be practically powerless to com-
pete, and that the rule against monopolies
is not limited in its application in otvil
cases, at least, to articles of prime neces-
ity, but includes all useful commodities,

The Ice Trust cecision, therefore, does
not relax the earlier law against monop-
olies but merely holds that under the
new Act of 1899 no civil relief can be had
after the monopoly has been created, and
further that no man can be compelled to
testify against himself.

 

 

The Democratic Party.

Senator Jones, the chairman of the
Democratio National Conimittee, says that
“Mr. Bryan is a great man," a “ giant in
intellect,” “and that his influence will be
felt for many years to come in American
polities,” but that “it is not probable that

he will be a candidate for the Presidency | free to hold any epinions he cho but
| Tree y OBES ;

n the near future” and that “it is more
reasonable to presume that he would decline
the nomination, even should it be offered
to him,”

The discrimination of Senator Jonrs in
his characterization cf “ro Buran and
his Judgment of the intentions and ambi-
tions of the twice defeated Demoeratic
eandidate are both questionable. The
probability rather te thet Mr. Bayan will
again take a nomination if he can get it,
As ho has said, ne ia a young man still.
When, however, the Democratic chairman
proceeds to describe the proposed “ reor-
ganization " of the Democratic party “ as
all nonsense,’ thing in it, and it will
blow ever in toirte cays," his opinion ts
more valcaoe and probio.y more sincere,
As he says, any reorganivation “ by those
whe deserted tve party and gave aid and
comfort to the enemy " would naturally
be resisted and successfully resisted by

the strength of the spirit of the genuine
Democracy,” now holting “the power
thin the party.” That is, in the judg-
ment of Mie Wiatever reconstruc
toon there 4 to be in the next four years
in the “ National Copeuittee or platform ”
will be by tue forers now in control of the
party and’ not by toe * di-gruntied organ.
iver. have falved tne issue,” His
furtier toat what these want to
do” isto adopt allt ve poliews of the Repub-
Heo oerats only in name,”
ix also facts. Between
such nenunar Democrats and the Repubii-
eas cuere caanet now be said to be any
confiiet of sentimer and convietion. In
spirit and purpose they are the implacable
enemies of the Democratic party under the
control which Senator JONES reasonably
assures Will continue,

As to the issues of 1904, continues Mr.
“no one ean predict them with
any certainty” but“ it may be laid down
primarily that the Democratic party will
never vary from its established funda-
mentals, a strict construction of the Con-

 

JONES,

wae

Peal,

hean party adi oe

fustived by te

wae oe - ee ne cee oe

plaintiff and the ;

ministered Government for the benefit
of the governed The flewt of these © fin
daientals,” howewer, ia flatiy asaailed by

the Southern Atates upon whieh alone
the Democratic party can rely to get
hiectoral votes They have passed of

are meditating the passage of measures of
diafranchisement whieh undeniably con
fliet with a strict construction of the
Constitution " and flout it

This brings ue to a remark of Mr Can
Lisik, In the course of an interview pub-
ished in the Heening Poat, to the effect
that whether there by to be a reorganiza~
tion of the Demoeratic party and what
it will he ° depends almost entirely on the
totion of the Democrats tn the South.”
Of the 155 Electoral votes obtained by
Mayan at the late election, as Mr. Cane
LISLF opointa out, “only 1% were chosen
outaide of the Southern States and these
wore chosen in only four States by popular
majorities aggregating leas than 60,000."
Practically, Southern States and, more
particularly, the States of the old slave
Confederacy, control the Democratic party
by furnishing its main strength

This Southern Democracy, however, {4
now as widely separated from the dominant
political sentiment of the rest of the Unton
as it was in the days when it attempted
secession from the Union. Then the slavery
question was the cause of the estrange-

ment. Now the negro question is acting
in the same way. The Constitution of
the United States has been dofled by

Southern States in the disfranchisement
of negroes. The only question governing
the great and controlling mass of South-
ern votes outside of the border States is
this negro question. No national policy or
interest ia even taken into consideration,
however momentous may be the national
election. The second defeat of Mr. BRYAN
has lessened in no way that political ex-
clusiveness, but has tended rather to increase
and emphazise it, with the consequence
that now a project is broached by a Georgia
paper and applauded by many others,
that those Southern States should pursue
a political course wholly independent of
any party in any other part of the Union,
by nominating Southern candidates for
the Presidency and the Vice-Presidency on
{ta own account. The sole condition on
which it is proposed to enter Into political
unity is that the Democratic party shall
join with the South in demanding the ree
peal of the Fifteenth Amendment.

On Mr. CaBLts_e's reasonable assiimption
that no Demoeratic reconstruction is pos-
sible without Southern initiative or con-
sent, it seems to be plain, therefore, that,
first of all, the basis for it must be a decla-
ration of the Democratic party favorable
to negro disfranchisement, or a demand
for the repeal of the Fifteenth Amend-
ment. That is the Southern sine qua non;
and, of course, it could not be granted
without making the principle of suffrage—
for it could not be confined to negro suffrage
simply—the “ paramount issue” of the
campaign of 1904

Would not such an issue, reviving the
passions of the days of s#! very and pro-
posing @ distinctly retrograde movement,
be sure to divide the Democracy and to
separate the old slave South from the
rest of the Union even more completely
and disastrously than did the Bryanism of
18H and 1900?

This Southern spirit presents an obstacle
to the successful execution of the plan of
Democratic reorganization suggested by
Mr. CakListe which seeins to be insure
mountable; and it will tend not less to em-
barrass the forces and influences now in
control of the party, which Senator Jonrs
ia 30 confident will continue to mould its
policies, in any efforts to consolidate the
strength of the Democratic party.

 

A Very Proper Dismissal.

We see much reprobation of Stanford
University because Prof. Epwarp A. Ross
has been forced to resign from its faculty
on account of his persistence in teaching
and publicly proclaiming views on publto
questions which Its trustees and Mrs,
Stranvorp, the widow of its founder, re-
gard as wrong in themselves and prejudicial
to the interests of the university.

Prof. Ross, being at the head of the De-
partment of Economics in that university,
preached the doctrines of silverism in 1896,
and still holds and propagates views of both
social and financial questions which are
not in agreement with the teachings that
those founding and supporting the institu.
tion would have it put forth. That being
80, it would have been becoming in him to
resign his chair, but, not resigning, he
was réquested to resign from the faculty;
and very properly.

The hubbub made over his case is raised
on the theory that by getting rid of him be-
cause of his opinions Stanford University
assailed ‘‘ freedom of speech."’ But it has
done nothing of the sort. Prof. Ross is

obviously if asa professor of economics he
taught economical doctrines intolerable to
the inatitution and those supporting it and
conflicting with the doctrines they would
have taught ther, he was in @ place where
he did not belong.

it is nonsense to say that a college is
bound to keep in its faculty a professor
whose doctrines if deems unsound. No
matter how alle and how sincere he may
bein upholding lis views it has a right to
get rid of him and shou.d get rid of him if
it regirds the teaching as false and pers
nicious. Otherwise a professor who
preached free love or nihilism could not be
displiced,

Prof, Ross has aright to hold any oping
ions of social and economical Questions he

favor In some of the wealthy coneremations
in and near New York there are already paid
Munday eho teachers, expecially theee whe

oe Ty the Meeton
that good efery tellers

have charge of infant cla

eaperinient (t wae fone

Were the moet enccemfobef the paid teacher

Whether the ability te tell entertaining ot rer
comb ned elth a atrone dewotional contiment
will add, through oe Sinday ™ | training
of ehthiren, to (ye utiimeate etrenet) of relleien
ie a matter wtiy f conmiderattor the
heatty applonce tot Pet euMinn reel ed
would seem to indiente that an effort te tri
or te seourea reall pefent Sunday een ‘
teachers woull be aim sin the rolletous feld

that would command ty taut approval

“who et nthia city
i) a eenerol
mmacy thal

The Cie'd Demorrt
yesterday and received ta join
movement forthe  verthrow of T
have no cobwebs on tecin eves

— ee ee

UNFRIENDLY ACT Bi TURKEY.

Refuses Exequatur to the American Consal at
Harpoot Armenta,
Wastttxaton, Nov. 28.- Late this afternoon
the State Department received a telegram
from Lloyd ©. Griseom, United States Charge
d’Affaires at Constantinople, confirming the
news that the Porte had rejected the appltea-

| tion of this Government for an exequatur for

sss See reel

{and then secured

pleases, but not fess has Stanford Univer. |

sity the right to determine that he shall
not give to them its authority,

 

After a service of twenty-five years in what
at the beginning was practicajly pioneer work
in advanced education in this country, DANIEL
Cott GILMAN is about to resign the burdens
of the Presidency of Johns Hopkins University.
He will be 70 yeara old next July. The Jolns
Hopkins University has passed through storms
in recent years. Dr. GILMAN doubtless thinks
a younger man should bear the load of the
university straggling back to its acknowledged
place of primacy tn ite early fleld, the develop-
ment of graduate study and work. As he
loaves his post to another having more of the
resUess energy of youth, the consciousness

| the div of his iningu ation

of having been foremost in a great advance |

in education In the United States will go with
him to his retirement

 

The assertion of Prof, NATHANIEL ScuMipT
of Cornell University at the session on Thurs-
day morning of the New York State Confer-
ence of Religion im this city that he did not
believe thal the average Sunday school teacher
was competent to teach a Sunday School class
calls attention to the plan, already in opera-
tion to some extent, of employing paid teachers
for such work. Within a few days the pastor
of a Boston church, where the system of biring

Thomas H. Norton, recently appointed United
States Consul at Harpoot, Armenia. The ob-
Jection to granting consular recognition 1s
based on the claim that when the Porte granted
Qn exequatur to Leo Bergholz of New York,
the United States Consul at Erzerum, it wae
with the understanding that no consular officer
vould be sent to Harpoot, This Government
denies that there was any such understanding
and will insist on a rehearing. It cannot,
however, seek to cormpel Turkey to recogulze
Dr. Norton as a matter of right, as the estab-
lishinent of Consulates is dependent on the
grace of nations in whose territory they are.
But there are some features in the case of the
Harpoot Consulate which give this Govern
ment justification for insisting on @ recon-
sideration by the Porte of its refusal. The
right of the United states to eend Consuls to
Turkey ie found in this provision (article 2)
of the treaty of 1830 with the Ottoman Porte

“The Sublime Porte may establish Shah-
benders (Consuls) in the United States of
America, and the United States may appoint
their citizens to be Consuls or Vice-Consuls
at the commercial places in the dominions ¢f
the Sublime Porte where it is found needful
to superintend the aflairs of commerce. These
Consuls or Vice-Consuls shall be furnished
with berats or flimans (exequatura), they shail
enjoy suitable distinction and shall have neces-
sary aid and protweclion.”

Under tue privilese conveyed in the Treaty
of 1890, Congresa In 1895 provided for the estab-
lisament of Consulates at Erzerum and Haryoot,
in the heart of that section of Armenia where
many Christians hid) been tnaasacred and
where American schools had been destroyed
by religious fanatics Kobert 5. Chilton,
bow Chief of the Consulate Burevu, and Willem
Dulany Hunter, a life clerk in the Consular
Service, were sint out to establish the Con-
sulates. The Turkisa Government withheld
their exequoturs, and finally Messrs. Chilton
and Hunter left Constantinonle for their posts,
in the hope tuat with the Consulates once es-
tablished recognition would follow They

were, however, obliged t) turn back on account
of the anarehistic conditions prevailing in
Armenia

In the followire year Turkey consented to
recognize Mr. Pergholz as Consul at Erzerum,
but world not permit the cstabiuehiment of an
Armenian Consulate at Harpcet. Reeently
the State Departroent learned that a Britash

Consulate had been o#taliiahed at) Barpeot
and thereupon renewed it® representaticns
on the subject. The Porte contended that

Harpoot was not a_eonumercial place within
tie inewing of the Treaty «f 1530 and that the
United States were not entitled to representa-
tion there
the State Department, and new the Porte
bases its refusal to recognize I'r. Norton on
the ground that there was an undérstanding
when the American Consulate at irézerum
wat established no Consulate could be rent
to Harpoot, The understanding here {s that
Turkey's objection to having an American
Conan! at Harpoot really comes froin the fear
that the Corsal would obtain too much in-
formation in regard to the treatment of Chris-
tians in Armenia

The incident serves to make still greater
the irritauon ef this Governinent over the way
in which the Sultan and his Ministers have
acted with regard to the claim of $40,000 for
the destruction of American seuool property
in Armenia during the period of disturbance,
promises to pay shaving been made person-
ally by ‘he Sultan on many cecastons, Ap par-
enty without the intention of fulfilling them

CAN'T WITHDRAW FROM FLOUR TRUST.

 

 

Mrs. Locke's Iajuaction Against U, $. Flour
Milling Company Dismissed,

Supreme Court Justice Smith in Brooklyn
granted a motion yesterday to discontinue
the temporary injunction restraining Thomas
A. McIntyre, the Franklin Trust Company,
the United States Flour Milling Company and
others from disposing of 930 shares of pre-
ferred steck and thirty bonds of the Hecker,
Jones, Jewl Milling Company owned by Mrs.
Caroline T. Locke, the married daughter of
Mr. Hecker, When theinsunction was obtained
the plaintiY alleged that the defendants nad
entared into an agreement to organize the
United States Fiour Milling Comnany and
that certain iarge milling companies were to
be absorbed by the now company. She sub-
sequently, as alleged, sscertained that the de-
fendants could not carry out the agreement
the temporary injunction,
The defendants alleved that Mrs, Locke had

“CUTAN RISPHANCHIARWEST

TT TS SG

TheaTs NHeAF TO ATAY.

| And the Obligation Imprsed on Congress by Charlee Hh HV lint Mare the Sew Maeindee Method

the Conatitatton,
Th: edtrerial

Wireet Wendate of

To tae Porton or Taeesew See

of Tae Sen of ta dawan the ° Dilaftanchictng
Mites and the Ceanetitution” wll eamnmend
ite If to howe da of our ot pen tl) eteikes
the kev nole of am very atione queetion tMhae
miuet inevitahlc enliat hh attention of reflect
ind indy Sou hae callaa Nort) The wonder
fe th fe morte tere been ald otvout tf

jhe question ianot mere» th diedfrane tee
ment of OH igeein cerain Southern
States butt a iniuatoe acd wrace done to the
fest of the eountr by admitting ty Congress
eoe alled Heprese totivwe. aho do net represent
an’ whowl lhe chere in open elolation of the
Fourte nh Amendment ef the Conatitulioen

\merioy

Weel ved throngh that period of bitter
Awiation pee dine ch Covtl “ar eannot formet
that chat «me culled the “three fifths clause of
the Cocatiqution” was ona of the great cone
tribvting causes te the overwhelining |
@rowth of aboltien sentiment People
at the North eimplained  juatly that

while negroes were considered se mer cint-

| tels, their owners were allowed t) ree votes for

levery five

‘free Stata. In

This contention waa refuted by !

slaves, whilt no aueh power was
granted to the owners of hormes or cattle in the
other words, Representatives
from slave-holding States oocnpied sents in
Congress that did not represent anybody It
allowed one slave owner's vote to equal those
of three freemen at the North

Was it any wonder that this state of things
created alarin and resentment at a palpable in-
justice? It wae imperialiem in an ugly form.
It gave unfalr political advantage to a mere
section of the country, and was at las! corrected
by a devartating war. Yet the wrong existed
under the fornis of law. Now the oase is worse
by far in those States which have disfranchised
millions of citizens,

First, there is a plain violation of a Constitu-
tional provision with all the attendant dangers
of an evil precedent.

Second, it works @ greater injustice to the
other States of the Union, Instead of permit-
ting only three votes cast in those Southern
States to equal five castin the free States, as
formerly, it now makes one vote !n those dis.
franchising States weigh as much as five and
even ten votes in other States. Tor proof of
this statement any one has but to compare the
votes cast in Louisiana, Missfasippi and the
Carolinas with those in any Northern State hav-
ing the same repressntation in Congress. It
shows that there are single Congress districts
in the Northern States that cast more votes for
Presidential Electors and members of Congress
than the total of any one of the States which
have suppressed the votes of colored citizens.
Compare the districts of Minnesota with Missia-
sippi, of West Virginia with North Carolina.

The question before the American people
must be: Shall this stateof things be allowed to
continue? Politicians may try to postpone it.
Men governed by party considerations or mo-
tives of mere expediency may try to \gnore it,
but like the ghost of the murdered king it will
come up constantly to martheir feast. They
may seek to evade the question of a new appor-
tlonment, but when these men from Loulatana,
Mississippi and North Carolina knock at the
doors of Congress for admission, a people who
love fairness, honor and justice, will ask, by
what right do you come here? Whom do you
represent?) Where is your constituency?

The article of the Constitution quoted by Tas
SUN levves no option as to how representation
shall be apportioned It is mandatory upon Con-
ares. “If the right to voie at any election for
thecholes of Electors for President or Vice-Prea-
Ident of the United States, Representatives in
Congress, &c., shall be abridged,” then the
ba-is of representation therein ‘shall be ree
duced," (not may be reduced) “In propor-

| thon,” &e.

lost a'] her right and titleto the stock and bonds |

now in charge of the trustee, the Franklin
Trust Company, as she hed entered into the
agreement, and that the stock and bonds were
now apart and parcel of the United States
Flour Milling Company. Upon this state-
ment of fact, Justice Smith dissolved the in-
junction,

 

ANDOVER PUTS ASIDE ITS CREED.

The Great School of Puriten Theology and
the Creed of Its Four ters,
From the Baton Globe.
The ins'allaton of the Rev. Etward Y. Hincks,

D.D, as Abbot Professoro! Cocietiin Theo ory
in Andover Tho so: a Seminary, wih to k
place Tuesdey citi. Was roarke) tee the unmarnte
mous conaent oo) the vactorsa dtoustees tothe
abolition ef thoes ih pro. by thee te to
thecres of tie founders By tis cet the cone
Auston of the (amous And over controversy ba
reached,

‘ts ecl lire cingof the \i-ltors a memo.
rai f tetra iesof th emi ory requesting
thevat raroco; i! rp ad de fmine wiether

1 the ataties of the assoc ate
foun dviioia vow efer nes tothe publie read-
ing») dsubse iptionof th» creed, and the re e-
titooef the declarition oy a professor, are not,
in their natire, directory merely and whe ber
the <amerma not be dispencei with, wos takea
upand decided that «
dition preeedent toth: valid'ty of Inauguretion

th provision

or tenure of off of a professor, and thatthe
| trusteedimay it tore cire atubiie reading
and 8 bseription of ths ered by a professor on

The visor: oles
decid) d “that the provision in the stitutes sto
the repetiiion of th
every sucesssive Pp risdof five yoirs by a pro-
fessor is dire vor and not esseothil, provided
the pro esacr conti ves to prove hinsell amar
of svand and oriso ox prineiole tm divtaity
agreeably ty eaid creed asin said statute pro-
vided =

 

WOMAN'S GIFT TO WOMAN'S HOSPITAL.

Mrs. F. F. Thompson Will Build a Nurses’ Home
to Cost More Than 6100,000,

At the forty-ffth annual
Woman's Hospital in the State of New York,
which was held at the home of Mrs, Robert
W. De Forest at7 W ushington Square on Thurs-
dav, President Joho db. Parsons announced
that Mra, Frederick Phonpaon, who re.
centivy resigned the ofies of Treasurer, lead
offered to bald a nore! home in conneetion
with the hos ital, the home to cost between
$100,000 and Bloaee, Lhe home will be bunt
on the hostita: grounds, waieh takes in the
ayguare block bounded by Forty-ninth and
Fiftieth streets and Park and Lexineton ave-
nues, The latest gift) of Mrs. Thoranson
fs in addition to another of $5,000 which she
made in the early part of the vear,

meeting of the

 

J

Dam s. 5. sh'aderasst.
ToTHr Eprrokn or HE SUN Sir: A eitiere

Eos p< 1 peiotoes, In the euphontous apped-
on of um Spiro to Suladerassi, VERITAS.
New YORK, Nov. 23.

dire tion “is not acon. |

creed at the expiration of |

| munteipal printing plant is wrong,
Every lar@e corporation that has |

Now, how can members of Congress
fworn to obey the law, and sitting In a Com-
mittee of Reapportionment, say that this
subject may be left without correction? No
question is everse:tled until it is settled right

New Yorr, Nov. 22. C,H. Van ANTWERP

 

A Patrolman Defends the Police.

To THF EpitoR oF THE SuN—Sir: The lete
ter {n vour paper of to-day replying to mine of
aformer date {s not to be taken se fously
When a man ba: a passion for morality which
exhuusts iteelf in fine phrases hei« at leost
bormless if neither {nstructive nor convincing
The religious enthusiast or moral monomaniac
{a not the opponent with which a sane man care:
fo cross ropiere in an intellectual encounter:
but] would «av to my critic that if he pes-
serred a mnind more lgicaliv acute he could
aviid a avon issue by the imputation of sinis-
ter motives

The postion which I have taken and still ho'd
{s unassallable, and itis this: You cannot sur-

ress prostitution by legisiative enactment.
¥ icanat best ut regulate it Verily, “they
order thease Cage better in Franes.” The
philosophic thought of the century now closing
revolted from the brutalities of the Mosaic
Clapeneution. The policeman cannot elub the
einner into Pepentance, but he can and dows
make her assume the semblance of the virtue
lost to her

Has my critic ever visited the citlasof London,
or Edinbureh, Manchester or Glasgow? It he
has, be has seen vice the most degrided ram-

vant onthe publio streets, and at the noontide
nour —*ueh seanes as it would be impossible to
witoess in the lowest quarter of New York

I helleve that the intelligene>, the respecta-
bility, the honest man \ood, the pure woman-
hood of the city of New York are satisfied that
the New York policeman can be always truated
to vell and truly perform his duty

NEW YorK, Nor. 28 PATROLMAN

Her Father's Shame,

From the Chicago Times.

“Ah. erled the Duke, “I cannot marry you. No!
Your octal posi‘ion makesit {mpossihle. I am the
eclonof an ancient house. 1 must remember and re
Bpect my ancestors"

‘Pliy’ Have pity!" she implored. “It {s, alas! too
true that Leonnot claim a noble Iineage. My father's
name wasneeer associated with thatof any actrece
thit | ever heard of. My grandfather never got
meteduptoasecandal, either. Neither of themever
wasted an Ipberited fortune Yes, I confess my
Shame ty you Dut, oh, be generous Do not spurn
mel"

"No mot! be orfled: “don't tempt me. 1 cannot
withstand yc teats Can't you see that fn snfte of
myexelte! a oon tamonly @ man, after all? On, it
mus not bel Itmust not bet Leave me, I pray you.
let™ ¢ Tmust—"

estoy! Steg! sheimonlorel, ‘Think of your tum
Ded wr eastles—your ruined estates. Ah, be true to
yourself. Do not turn from me because Tam rich.
Let us wed for Live loveheaveniy=nholy love!”

“Put your father,”’ he bitterly replied. “"mede bis
money Inthe lumber business If he had only had
prid) esough t) be a ratiroad megnate tt would all te
well with os now, Teould marry the daughter of «
man who had made milltons by transporting hogs
and cattle without stooping too low, but to take the
davehter of one who owned sawmills would be de-
ecending tothe most vulgar depths Ob. Etiquette:
Fiiquetie! What hearts are broken for theet"’

With a long, low, pitiful wall she fell prone upon
the $900 tiger-skin and he hurried away cursing the
fates for having made him a child of misfortune.

 

 

 

Municipal Printing Plant.

To THe Evrron OF THe SUN—Sir: The idea
that there Was @ Saving to be affected by having a
Th cost would
be far greater.
tried it has sbandoned ft, excepting a few to whom
money was No object

I know of no greater waste and extravagance than
the Public Printing OMee in Washi: gton; the work
could be done better ota saving of $2,001,000 @ year,
at least, by the most responstble printing houses tn
the Untied States, ifthe work were let out, As well
might tne clily make its own carts, wagons, nuta,
Dolts, hardware, breed tts own horses, and go into
manufacturing generally, If itis rightt: on: itne for
the city to be a Manufacturer, [ths ri@htin all dines

New You, Nov. 05 MUNICIPAL OBSPRVER,

 

Noadiah Rraseit,

To THE Eptrot or THE SUN=—Sir Robert Rus
eeli's article entitled “Two Centuries of Tiussells”
prompts me to say that the name of the father of the
Somuel Russel who wasat Yale in 1709 was Noadial
Russell, Who Was one of tue eleven founders of Yale
Collece, Neoadlab’s father's came was William and
William's fatier’s neme was Jamesx Jauies and his
son Willam were the emigsint ane tors of the
famliy who came to Qiineipiack in 1649, Noadian

wasministerof the First Church in Midd!
Drerie syatutr 4 Harvaid amaiiwe ane
Kole t Kus ell esres to know more i
colontal o.ce-wors, I wil be hanpy to saee oe the
manuscript records, HAMLIN RUSSELL
NEW ARK, N. J., Now. 22. 871 Degraw Av.

‘
‘

fe Seientite and Cheiteed

harlea KO bhnt deiwerad a oft
niaht ty ‘ he Chath thu ,
Nd i ject w if ege bad
Adlvinntie aa og Preparatioe for oa bo i]
(owe? ihe avid in pevet

Ih conmidertaw the advice hilt t "
educations toa bral ee or, wen
In rind the tod patria e wo i
on in the worth ato bar 1 yearthoul
our own hind, requiring a tid Wr
tellivence to deal with the pew !
Phases it) a eocorete for hus eulated a ‘
asthe worlds record tur rod cantil re tly
Ite Course of developroent tae been preted

 

the aie ae in the her ,
we nre euddenly face vere
Ti®re has been aioe Ina
few years we shall wooder that we continued
in our own ti ne the le Dipaiiess aten

of our forefathers
“The new wetho Lia the scientific, (heciviized

one It ja built on the Know ledae of Coe inter
dependence of men Tt explodes the filacy of
‘independence’ All governoent, all soctety
are jalerdependent lhe now Dusineks idea,

call it the ‘trust’ af you will, recognizes tis
inciple and develops it to its highest form
‘pat this reoognition did net comme lone ago
sloply afues a backward metital state Tie
oid order of independence’ in business ranks
with the ¢ wien every baron Was ‘inde-
ndent,” when he levied on the cropa of his
eudal ners and Was the waster of their
lives and families. As constitutional, scientifie
government jius come to suppuant the feudal
6ysiem, #0 the ‘consolidationera’ in business
has come to supplant te old system,
“Aud this new ‘cousoildation era’ has come
RM . Let no young man think otherwise.
That fact was settled in our recent Presidential
election. The justioe and wisdorn of conasclida-
tion in bualness, the ‘trust,’ wie aa distinct an
fasue as the single standard, and It was as em-
hatically ratified by the people. They refused
be misled on this question as clearly a= they
efused to be misied on free sliver, The ‘trust
8 here for good, and under the new svetem that
it brings in business increased intelligence and
mental aoumen are demanded of the business
man. It inay, therefore, be that a college edu-
cation with the mental training it Involves will
nthe future be of greater importance than tt
was tn the past to the business nan In a meas
ure this has perhaps already been shown
‘I think that it {@ fair to say that the per-
centage of coliewe-bred men who are direct-
ing our @reat enterprises at the present time
{9 greater than it was ten years ago, when
the statistics which I have wiven were gathered,
and is constantly increasing have ascer-
tained that of the Presidents of each of the
thirty leading railroads, industrial op@aniza-
mini enterprises, and mercantile
concerns in the United States, 4) per cent.
are college graduates, while the percentaye
of college graduates among the successful
business men recorded in Appleton's Cyclo-
pons amounted to only 17 per cent here
@ atill larwer percentage of colicoge-bred
men among the younger men directing great
enterprises at this time, and I have come to
the concluaion that to fit men to conduct these
large and complex interests and they must
be men of exceptional ability it is undoubtedly
desirable that they should have the udvantage
of a college education. But the number of
us occupied is comparatively

tions,

men who can be
amall, and in concluding, repeat as my opin-
fon, that most young men of moderate ability,
whose families are in moderate circumstances,
should content themseives with a high school
education, and they will have this satisfac-
tion, that while they may be at some disad-
vantage, they pe not thereby debarred from

the t places in the conduct of
t the struggle itself is a school for
the development of energy and character.
It {s as true now as ever, the opportunity doves
Ser yeape the man, the man makes the oppor-
unity,

CHILDREN WHO'LL GIVE THANKS.

racnh

 

The Public Invited to Witness the Happiness
at the Home for the Friendicss.

There will be a real Thanksgiving celebra-
tion at the Homefor the Friendless, 20 Hast
Twenty-ninth street and 90 East Thirtieth street,
this city, and in the twelve industrial schools
under the care of the society, and the public
is invited to contribute w the happiness of the
children and to be present to share init. There
are 140 boys and girls in the horne, ranging
in age from 2 to 15 years, and for all these
dinner will be served in the Twenty-ninth
street side of the building at 12.40 on Thanks-
giving Day, and all who are interested are in-
Vited to be pres nt.

At 2 o'clock the children will welcome their

visitors to the chapel, where they will give a
delightful Programme of recitations, singing,
a dumbbell drill and kinderga:ten exercises,
and Dr. Abbott BF. Kittredge of the Madison
Avenue Reformed Church vill deliver an ad-
dress. The twelve Industrial schools are at
the addresses given

Home School, 20 Eaet Twenty-ninth street,
Mise J, L. Wood, principal; No. 1, 552 First ave-
nue, Mise kK. J.. Holder, pring ipal: No. 2, Kore
Memorial Chapel, 418 West Forty-first street,

a a

Mrs. FE. J. Droze, principal; No. 3, 804 West ,
Twenty-*ixth etroei, Mise M. BR. iiardenstle, ;
winoipal, No, 4, 9 Willett street, Mise Mo. |

boyee?, pringipal No. 6 220 West Thirty-sixth
street, Miss E. M. Johnston, principal No. 6,
15 and 17 East Third street, Miss F rotherton,
principal; No. 7, 226 and 227 Fast Fightieth
street, Mrs. 8. A. Ryan, principal; No. &, 414
Weet Fifty-fourth street, Miss A. S. Holmes
rincipal; No. ® corner Kast Boulevard ar d
ixtleth etreet, Miss A. C. Sprunt, prineipal: |
No. 10, 125 Lewis street, Mist M FE Kennedy,
principal: No. 11, 243 East 108d street, Miss M

Jacobs, principal: No. 12, 2247 Second ave-
nus, near 136th strect, Mrs. H. PF. Cutter, prin-
cipal. |

Thera are between 7,000 and 8,4 children |
attending them at present, all from the poorest |
tenementa of the East and West Sides of the
city. Hundreds of these chilaren_do not know
what good hearty meals mean. Money, groc- |
eries or vegetables to give ther, a dinner at the |
school buildings will be heartily welcomed
The dinners in the schools will be given om Wed-
nesday, the day before Thanksetvin Shoes |
and clothing of all kinda -shoes eapecially— are
rreatly needed in all these sehools. At the
rome, Where the children are taken heeanuse of ,
the death of parents, cruelty or destitution in
the homes, there are now 140. twenty-two have
been sent out to permanent homes by adoption |
during the vear, and of those previously sent
out 147 have been visited or corresponded with
The public is invited to the home on this its
sixty-seventh Thanksgiving Day, and gifts for |
the work will thankfully received. 4 sales- ,
table of faney and usefi! articles will he an at-
traction, and the proceeds will be for the benerit
ofthe home. Mrs. Goerge B. Watts is the Preos-
ident and Mra. s. F. Hallock, Treasurer,

 

 

TOMBSTONE FOR A CAT,

Panch’s Grave to De Marked in Keeping With ,
Wish of Late M. C, Martin, Milltonatre,
New Brunswick, N. J, Nov 23 —In keeping
with the wi+h of the late Mahlon C. Martin, the

| millionaire rubb r manufacturer, a s:rall white

tombstone fs being mide to mark the grave of
the family cat, to which Mr. Martin and his
family were much attacied The tombstone is
inscribed:

3 PUNCH
Loved pet of M.C. Martia
and his household
April, 1653.
September, 1900,

Punch wae 17 vears old. The tombstone Is
about two feet high and eight inches wide It
wil be erccted over Punch’s grave in a few
aiys

a

BACK PROM THE ISTUMIAN SURVEY.

FE. D,. Strouse Talks of the Thorongh Engineer-
tng Work Done There.

New On-nmans, Nov 29. Edwin D. Strouse,
a member of the engineering corps whieh his
been engaged in making « survey of the late.
mis for the Walker Isthmian
reached here to-day from Colon He said that

the surveying porties on the Isthmus are proe
theelly disbanded, tuost of the surveyors having |
returned to Wie tnited Stites The chiets
are still on the ground bringing up the ends of
the work, but everybody will be trek in this |
country by Feb ot There were | ltogether
g10 men eropboved in the survey divided into
detachinents of tron tea to twenty He said: |
"We went over every foot of the Niearacua
route and mode bortues from one end to the
other to detersnuine the nature of the formua-
tion that weld be encountered in ease that
jue jopted Allegether our surveys. ro-
{ whet is known as the ‘ourvatore’ fully

Comnilssion,

 
    

 

’ thorough We had acces
to the drewitngs of the new Preneh company
along the Panama route To den't want to
criticise the work of the French engineers, but
IT am free to say we world ha to make an
entire surver if that route were chosen.”

 

Mr. Zuchietd's Qaick Mair- at.

From the Cincinnati Enquirer,
Dayton, Ohio Nov. 19... Zuehfleid fell
from 4 railroad train on the river bridge nou
the Union Depot late last nicht while stea ing
a ride, itis stated. The wheels passed over
his rather bushs head of hatrand ext it off as
newts os if any tonsorial artist had done the

 

jou, Me Syn uainjured except for a bump
n ai
on mee x! the fall ane walked

a

WHO GAVR OUT FRENCH OLN aPOnet

fen, tefinetan (a Veke «a Pattie Statement

PF canerotiog  wectfa’ (he three

cere ‘ i rn One

f the Do (ire i ’

n ‘ eon

the eh arin ection with

the pele i ttn te etter omnr te

i the ‘ f eon ond eal

we the nr ‘ ob let lav

i ‘ ‘ t ‘ Hho o@ton

hen t i ‘ eirained row taking

publicatie aii theart emulation

woteh hid ‘ line ther

rirave ' enew on tur Hufling-

ton cold not cay when he would be prepared

t \ tito one the ordhanee flielale inthe

tiaced voit would net be longalter the return
' oe efarvoof War

Meanwhile aoonet tmeotion bas been
gig on in the War Departient with a view

inves

te placing before the secretary of War @ re
port showing that there were many sources
from which Capt Lewis's letter could have

harged that the
nione had a copy of the
gation discloses that
uooon's Ppopsession was

been obtained It has been

Ordnance turewu
better, teat) thin ine
the copy in Gren Buc
not the ori@inal as at first supposed The
original ia in the files of the Adjutant-Gen-
eral's office, and has been through the hands
of several cleria since it was given to Gen
Corbin by Secretary Root for filing From
Gen Corbin's office it went to the record room
whore it was in the possession of a clerk for
some time before being properly entered.

Even after it was entered, there was no special
secrecy observed, and fer several days it lay
with other papers unguarded The ordnance
officers who have looked into the matter de-
clare that there ia just ae good reason to be.
lieve that a copy of the letter was secured
from the original in the Adjutant-General’s
office as from the Bureau of Ordnance,

There are other features of the controversy,
however, which army offloers say point directly
to the Ordnance Burean, and if net to the bu-
rean, to some member of the Board of Ordnance
and Fortifications. It Is rewarded as signifi-
eant that on Saturday, the day before the
letter was publisted, the board had its meet-
ing and took action with reference to gun
shiells It was decided to put shields on the
coast defenes guns, and this etutement, together
with the board's action on Cart. Lewis's Jet-
ter was rublished with the letter
“Thia ehows,” an army officer said to-day,
“that whoever get the letter was also
given information as to the board’s action
of the same day. That_information could
not have come from the oficaof the Adiutant-
General. No one in the Adiutant-General’s
office had the information, The board die
not adjourn until late fn the afternoon, an
the information regarding the gun shields
must have come from some member of the
board or some one connected with it”

It was ascertained to-day that the copy of
Capt. Lewis's Jetter which went to Gen Buf-
fington passed through the hands ef several
clerks in the Ordnance Fureau and that_Gen,
Buffington had confided to one of his officers
the antire action of the Board on the letter,
tovether with the approval of Secretary Root.
He liad also confided to the same officer the
action of the Board of Ordnance and Fortifi-
cations with reference to the gun shields Who
this officer is could not be learned, but the in-
vestigation of the past few days is to show
that Gen Bu neton was not the only ordnance
officer possessing full information cesarding
the French gun and the action of the boar
of. Ordnance and Fortifications

It is said that Gen. Buffington will he fully
able to establish hie personal innocence in con-
nection with the publication of the letter. The
wholesubject will bereferred to Secretary Root,
however, early next week, together with a
special report from an artillery officer on the
condition of the coast defence guna and field

uns of the army. This report attacks the

rdnance Bureau very severely, and declares
Fper eo far as the fleld guna are concerned
there are but two modern fleld guns now in use
by the United States. It points out along the
HMne of Gen. Chaffee’s deanatch that the modern
eld gun must have fixed ammunition to give
t rapidity of fre and imust have better brake
arrangements to prevent its recoil.

 

 

 

oe

i ATTACK BY COLOMUBIAN REBELS.
Four Policemen Killed at Calebra —Prominenst
Liberals of Colon Imprisoned.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Krixasvron, Jamaica, Nov. 23 —Undated ad-
vices from THe SUN's correspondent at Colon,
Colombia, sent here because of the censor-
ship, state that a section of the town of Cule-
bra was attacked by a body of insurgents on
the preceding night. In the fight which fol-
lowed four policemen were killed and three
were wounded

All of the prominent members of the Liberal
party in Colon have been imprisoned.

Sefilor Arturo Brirard, Consul-General of
Colombia in this city. received a cable dispatch
yesterday reporting the recapture by the Gov-
ernment of the port of Luenaventura. The
dispatch was from Gov. Alban of Panania
and read;

“The entrance to the hav of Buenaventura
has been reopened Splendid (overnment
triumph.”

Buenaventura ta a port on the Pacifie and
had been closed by the Government on its
capture by the insurgents

Aiore was also a report lore resterday which
if trie would more than counteract the Gove
ernment Vietory at Buenaventura. It was to
the effect that the insurge sis had taken the
the Atiantie Coast.

yore of Barranquilla on )
‘bis report has not yet been confirmed, al-
) though it is known that Barranquilla ts the

opjective point of the rebels’ main toree, and
its fali hasiong been ev pected

Barranquilla is the most important come
mercial centre in Colombia, and should the
revolutionists sueceed in taking it the rebellion
would s00n Con.e to a Close,

TO CHANCE TUNNEL PLANS.

Route of City Hall Extension Likely te Be
Modified by Commissioners.

The Rapid Transit Commission has under
consideration a change of route for the exten-
sion of the subway railroad from City Hall to
the Battery, by which it will be possible to avoid
Broadway altogether and at the same time to
furnish ample accommodation for the four
tracks which will be necessary in order to ac-
commodate all the traMfle, The change will
be made in part because of the necessity of

accommodating the tracks of the Brooklyn
extension, and it was said yesterday that there
might be sume delay in completing the final
slans for the Brooklyn tunnel on account of it.
The trouble is caused by the connection of the
Brooklyn and the Manhattan tunnels

The original plans provi ted for a four-track
subway from City Hail south, under Broadway,
and they were approved | the board three
months ago, It ts likely that this approval
Wil! be rescinded at the next meeting of the
board, for lower Broadway, according to one
of the ( ommissioners, fs not available for a
four-track way, Two tracks can be built
easily, but to build a four-track way it would
be necessary to lay one set above the other,
This plan was suggested, as was the advisa-
bility of utilizing some other street for the
tunnel route. e whole matter will be dia
cussed next week.

 

DEEPEN RUTTERMILK CHANNEL

The Merchants’ Association Will Petition Og.
gress to That Pifect.

Association has adopted

urging the necessity

Channel to forty

The Merchante’
a memorial to Congress,
of deepening Buttermilk

| feet and widening it to 1,209 feet trom its june

   

tidge Chuinnel, about to be
aut where the Buttermilk
Channel oins the deep water of the East Kiver
jhe resolutions polut out that the channels
of the harbor between the Dattery and Gover
nors islend are consgested at nearly all times
of the day and trequentiy at night, and that
the natural ecress for vessels seexing — berthe
room: alongs the Breokivn front and un the
Rast Laver, a8 far ae the navy yard and even
beyond that, is by the Buttermilk Channel,
whoch hes etveen Governors island and the
Brookivn stere

Wants the Dewey Arch.

The monasing committee of the South Cato.
lina and West Indian Exposition has re;uested
the city to lend thellewey arch to it,to be erected

tion with the Bay F
deepened, {

 

 

Charleston

tn Charleston when the exposition is eld nex
veur Because tiis reqies! the work @
tecring ‘he oreh down did ner begin last ot@he,
and neteing will be done about removing It

nti) ffer the tneeting of the Municipal aa

serobiy next Tuesday
Patriotle Mrs. Ward,
From the Philadelphia Pubite Lecver.
ALLENTOWN, Nov. 18 Mrs. Margaret Ward,
the widow of Larne, Ward, was the mother of eight
ehilaren, each of whom was bern on the Pourth ef
July the frstin 1860 and (he last in 1877.

 

 

Cost of Frea  Sirkes,
Fromth 7 teara
Siatistics of th) Lado O ce roveth t during the
Past year, of A-countol sirices the Frenca workmen
bave los: fourteen millions in wages, mem @ran
@Boers to keep many pots boiling.

~