A

SE

 

t
'
i
'

 

NEW noorks.
Continwed from Heventh Page

iMuetrating the History of the Monaatio 14-
prariea of Great Britain in the Olden The
waa the work of one r Somner Merryweather.
an obscure Holborn book seller who dabbled
n authorship between the
and achieved a eort of eecot
! J ough bon the author
pe te and ihe doien of Mieera” This
ae the reader will remencel was one of the
ponderous (oo 8 th w!
ings, Mr Silas Weae wee went
noul of the Golden Duastrmorn when
tired to their literary eserctaes in “HoMin’s

onre 1840 and 1860
i hrageet
f the cle

he on Sun ‘av ever
to delight the

they r¢

lower
The period covered br the
that beginning wit! the sevent, center and

present work !8

ending with the thre ¢ the invention of print
ing, of about seven ho Ired vears = |’rey s
to the middle of toe | resent century Uione

centuries lying between the fall of tie Roman
Feopire and the revive of learning were gen-
ath

Ages

ven

erally referred ty as to | ar Ks
Mr. Hallam could tind ne gor 1 to say of the
Church or ita institutions and racterized
the early university as Cie ab ja of “indiae
vagabonds withariet t

ak T
and allmonks as posit! earning

Merryweather’4 “Hibliomara published in |

1849, was one of the earlhest works in Engls

devoted to the resterali on + f petwyval tines
to thelr proper place in the history of the pree

eervation and d ssamination of boonta labor,

by the way which has been splendidly cone |
tinued and amplified quite recently by Mr. |

George Haven Putnam tn that fine Ww rk, “Books

and Their Makers Diring t's Middle Ages ‘
Merryweather made his pleadn defence of

the bookimen of the Midile Ages in as that

old-fashioned earne-iness of spirit that mares |

the true antiquarian, “I do not wish,” he
says, “to make the past fesume & superiority
over the pres nt; but BF think a conte plation !
of medi~@vad art would often open 4 new e

nue of thought and lead to many @ pier! s
and protitable disoo.er e 6 © | would
say one word to vind
musty writings and te explorer ¢
tiquitles from the eh rKe of
ness, and to protect th m fror
rdicule. © © © For the imoest
moments of the student's
rambles personally almond
remnants of long gore

f rude ate
profitable.
the sneer of
delightful

the rulns and

ful are atch sis!
to a righteou
much less exerling &@
raping the gushing of lu-

 

rind are they unprofitable,
narrowing tendency

 

 

on the mind, «
man feeling. f
that can behold strong Ww alla tottering to de-
cay, and fretted vatits, mutilated and dis-
mantled of their pristine beauty; that can
behold the proud strongholds « f baronial power
and feudal tyranny, the vietims of the lichen

 

 

or creping parasite of tho ivy tribe; cold,
1 say, would be the heart that can see puch
things, and draw no lesson from them.”

They were true artists, those old monkist
hook men of the m ddle ages, filled with poet-
{eal imagination tervent spirits who were
often happy to consecrate a life time to the
prnarmentation of a single sacred book dedi-
pated to the community, which gave them In
exchange the necessarius of life, There was
also a considerable tr ade, particularly in Eng-
land, in books of a more secular kind, and
from the twelfth century onward there was @
large production and sale of books under euch
headings as chronicles, satires, sermons,
works of aclence and medicine, prose romances
and epics in verse Of the monkish ar(ificers
who, prior to the invention of the art of print-
ing, were tha makers of all these books
Merryweather says in his conclusion, that
he believes he has proven “that with all their
superstition, with all thelr ignorance, their
blindness to philosophic ight, the monks of
old were hearty lovers of good books; that they
encouraged learning, fostered it, and tran-
rerthed repeatedly the books which they had
rescued from the destruction of war and time
and 60 kindly cherished and husbanded ther
as intellectual food for posterity. Such being
the case, let our hearts look charitably upon
them: and while we pity them for their super-
stition or blame them for their pious frauds,
love them as brother men and workers in the
mines of literature.” The present reprint has
an interesting introductory chapter by Mr.
Charles Orr, librarian of Case Library, The
book is excellently made and is uniform in
appearance with the reprint of “Philobiblon”
by the same publishing bouse

In“The Trophies,” by José Maria de Aleredia,
translated by Frank Sewall, Messrs small,
Maynard & Co, publish an English version
of the remarkable sonnets, les Tropheées,
which in is#3 won for Heredia his admission
to the Acadeiny, and which, as his translator
savs, have alone aufiived to place him among

emosteninent of the French poets of any age
In translating them Mr. sewall, while strictly
maintuning the verse form, has purposely
discarded rhyme, in order to allow for a ren-
dering of these splendid word studies Unein-

barrassel be such restriction. Here !s one,

Tae Coral Reef.” In which the translator has
cag ind troiprisgened: ome of the wondrous
prismati tors and sliftng lights of the

original lines
The sun beneath the sen, mystenous dawn,
Lights up a coral forest of the abyss

Whieh mingles tn its basla's tepld depths
The blooming animal and the breathing flower
And all that sait iodine doth tinge,

Sea weed and missela, rch anemones,
Covert with sombre purole {n sumptuous plan,
The floor vermic te of madrepore

Dimming thetr lustre with his aplendtd acalee
A mighty {ich has carted thr h the boughs;
Then tdly prowl tn the transparent shade;
And suddeniy with erobe of Nery On
lie sends throughont the dill blue eryetal depths
A ehiver of wold, of pearls aud emerald

A simpler beauty ts in the epigram upon
the young girl deid

Whoever thou mayst be, O living one,

Pass quick'y by the mound where ltes my duet;
Jar t the Lowers that make my humble tomb,
Where I can hear the ant { lizard creep.

Thou lingercet | hear a sound of doves.
lat them not be eacr ed for me
f thou'lt be kind to me, give them thelr flight:
lor I'fe Is aweet Ar t them good friend
tet kr * Heneath the myrtile-erbowered gate,
Virrin at once and ride, at nuptial door
died, #0 Dear, 80 far from him! lowed

 
 

  
 

 

Mine eyem are closed to the happy ight
An rw oi dwell, alas. and ever shall,
in gloomy night and peess Erebus,
edition, which is limited to 750 coy les

» English handmade paper, is embellished
with ornamental borders and initials designed

by Mr. Bertrain Grosvenor Goo dine
The Awatening of the Bast, Siberia-Japan-

China MeClure, Philips & ¢ » bye Perre
Lero: -Beaulieu, (4 a book founded on the re
stilts of personal observation made in the course
f ea ms r reugh Siberia, China
wd od h th ed ob informatio
derived f carefully col
! ‘ea d r ! - of t
eet and lof the
tive « } f me
and idea. ¢ \ heation
f modern x ition of
Wea 4 \ ina

om y

Published in France in 4 ar, th
Work WAS AT Ole ree tas ha £ thrown
more liguton the 7 I in ot * East
than any other sing (f the site }
in China the author says “Wa belie t iat
the businese and prac al ' ® 90 highly
developed in the Chinese will induce the o
became reconciled to (he toater fe of our
civilization, but by multiplying sin ty
neavery direction preiju i work f
railways, We annoy them and
eeptibilities before giving the i
appreciate the advantage of our it or
fol to mention the economien! distur
“ wrefrom In conelusio { gh
atriotien is at alow ebb in the Middle King.
a and the military spirit still lower, we

mught, by worrving the Chinese too much,
end bY creating the one and recuscitating the

vate the lover of old |

course ts when he |

» ages, sometimes pale

hts, even deeply so; but never H

indeed, must be the heart |

? + 4

     

New Publications. |

Dade g Abele PEN GO MEt % ato dherg tagete

SCRIBNERS
MAGA ZINE

FOR 1901

 

Inyanted stories of adventure contain more

deeds of personal heroisin or more incidents

of thrilling interest than the actual history ot

the career of the American Army during the

hundred years of its existence. It is a story

that has long needed telling, and a_ better
$4) onarrator could hardly be found than General
c Greene, one of the army's
foremost representatives in
military and civil lite, and
a writer of known Drill-
jancy. The story will fbe
covered in several articles
and will be richly il-
lustrated by F. C. Yohn,
H. C. Christy, and others
especially fitted tor the
work

THE REGULAR ARMY, by GEN-
S LRAL FRANCIS V. GREENE. lew
a,

~*~

 

© MRS. GILBERT'S STAGE REMI-

Mi NISCENCES. Mr. Daly, James Lewis and
many other figures of yesterday appear in Mrs.
Gilbert's entertaining pages, while of the older
leaders of the stage there is a fund of anecdote.
(he articles are among the most vivacious and
interesting of their kind, and will contain a
wealth of illustrations.

WALTER A.
WYCKOFF, author of
«The Workers,’’ will have
several new articles in the
same field, giving an account
of ‘*A Day With a Tramp,”’
‘“©On An Iowa Farm" and
other experiences.

 

Ws A. Wyekolt . M. BARRIE’'S
NEW STORY. The
magazine will later in the year make an im-
portant announcement concerning a new story
by J. M. Barrie.

KATE DOUGLAS WIGGIN, in
“(The Diary of a Goose-Girl,’’ has written
the most charming of her stories, and it will
appear in Scribner's in three parts, with very
attractive illustrations,

THE SOUTHERN MOUNTAIN-
EER, by JOHN FOX,
Jr. Several articles in
the early part of rgor will
portray this romantic and
fast- diminishing type of
American character. Mr.
Fox knows his subject by
experience and special ob-
servation, and __ illustrates
_§ his articles from photo-
John Fox, je. gtaphs.

 

SHORTER FICTION. ERNEST
SETON-THOMPSON will contribute
several of his charming animal stories, illus-
trated by himself; there will also be short
stories by Edith Wharton, Octave Thanet,
Frank R. Stockton, Henry James, Thomas
Nelson Page, F. J. Stimson, Henry van
Dyke, A. T. Quiller-
Couch, and other well-
known writers.

 

Ernest Seton. Thompson

Bt ea EEE AGEL REELS PEEING TVG OED CGE ELI LOREM EG

 

—_——

| SELF INSTRUCTION

NAVIGATION

With Diagrams, Exercises, Tables, Etc., in Two Volumes.

Cloth, 8vo. $7.00, Net.

A treatise intended for men who have never been trained in mathematics | . ;
and astronomy, vet are intelligent and possess a certain amount of elementary | By GEORGE ADE.

or general education. Practical, simple and clear.

The first volume covers the necessary Arithmetic, Logarithms, the Sailings, | A GROWING HIT.
Day’s Work, the Use of the Compass, some chart work and the! pecn pook ONE DOLLAR, AT ALL

sinipler nautical astronomical problems.

The second volume treats of other nautical astronomical problems and mag-
netism ; gives further information as to charts and shows how working | HERBERT S. STONE & CO. |
formulas are deduced, and it contains numerous exercises with the |
necessary duta for their solution from the Nautical Almanac of 1898, ete. | -

PUBLISHED BY

| The Macmillan Company, 66 Fifth Ave. N.Y. ‘A’ Drie.

 

other. In any case, if the Chinese make bad | Europe will frankly take to heart this sagaciou- By LANDIS AYR (Mrs. S. F. Ayers),
soldiere- chiefly because they have detestable | new remark.” Mr, Henry Norman writes a The talented aathor of

officers (ley arefirst-ciass rnoters. Wherefore | short preface.
ans idea of dividing China. either now or at

e futare time, seema to me Ml-advised Ina volume entitied “War and Policy ” dodd,
Passing eventa will have taught a useful lesson | Mead & Co.) Mr. Spencer
should ther bring Europe to abandon once | ected the essays on British military and naval everywhere. Vou can order it from your book: |
and forever this fatal idea, It was very wisely | matter which during several years he has) selleror it will befsent postpaid for the retail
seid in the English Parliament during the contributed to his newspaper, the Morning price, One Dollar, byfthe publishers.

present crisis that ‘China must be governed Post, and to various service papers. Mr. Wil-
by the Chinese and for the Chinese,’ which | kinsen, brought up a Liberal of the John Bright | THE ABBEY PRESS ‘ y
do#s not mean that it should be governed | school, has been converted to jingoism and is | 114 Fifth Aven N ’ per year. Subscribe now through your ne wsdealer.
axainst the foreigners, Let us hope that al| ~ Sa acial an Sheeeh Bie ew ¥
: Conmiinued on Ninth Page. Who always issue interesting works. |

Rew Publications,

a ee ‘
¥ Roetre yA Nee OT)

The prospectus for 1901, a twenty-four pape tlustrated booklet
printed tn colors, will be sent free to any address on application.

SUBSCRIPTION PRICE @300 A YEAR, POSTAGE PREPAID.
a5 CENTS A NUMBER, CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS,
153-187 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

$ : ’ contains eight illustrated short
The Christmas Scribner’s oly, Eeest Seton-Thompson,
Frank R. Stockton, T. B. Aldrich, Henry van Dyke, Octave Thanet, and others;
an article on Puvis de Chavannes by John La Farge illustrated with six full pages
in colors; an essay on George Eliot by W. C. Brownell. The illustrators of this
number are Ernest Seton-Thompson, H. C. Christy, A. I. Keller, Henry Hutt, Clifford
Carleton, C. S. Chapman, Jules Guerin, and Jessie Willcex Smith. The cover, by
Maxfield Parrish, is printed in nine colors, and the frontispiece is also in colors.

I oo head nh nal abe Janine)

BY THE EARL OF DUNRAVEN, Extra Master.

 
 
 
 
 

THE SUN. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
| New Publications. a New Publications. | an New Publientions.

Now Ready.
THE

RUSSIA OF TO-DAY, by HENRY .
NORMAN, M.P._ Jhis notable and timely ’ ,
series of articles, begun in October, will be
continued, Recent developments in the East y

have given to Mr. Norman's articles so extraor-

<<.

 

Henry Norman, MP.

dinary a value that they will be revarded as ‘

one of the most MmMportant magazine 1 nder

takings of the year The articles are the result

of a journey and investications made espec ially ‘
on behalf of Scstdner's, and Mr. Norman’s a
comments on present conditions in Russia and

her probable future are made in the light of the

OF

HARPER’S
MAGAZINE

The First Number containing the revived

| Editor’s Easy Chair by - W. D. Howells}
| AND THE

Editor’s Study by - - Henry M. Alden

latest events. ‘The many illustrations from the
anthor’s photographs and other sources are a
noteworthy feature of the articles.

EVENTS IN CHINA AND THE
EAST will be covered in
rticles by special corre-
spondents.

THEODORE
ROOSEVELT will,
from time to time during
1gor, contribute to Scr1d-
ner's articles on public
topics.

 

eae

Richard Harding Davis

RICHARD HARD-
ING DAVIS will contribute several articles
and stories, the first, to appear during the winter,
being a travel sketch in a new field to him and
one of the best of his vivid narratives.

Peis ples dee SI APPS RB POLE

OPT Keke

aa

NEW YORK LIFE AND SCENES.
The studies of New York, which have proved
so attractive in the magazine, are to be resumed
at intervals during the year.

NEW STORIES OF THE AMA-
TEUR CRACKSMAN. new series of
Cracksman stories, by E. W. Hornung, of baf-
fling ingenuity in plot and
thrilling interest, The in-
comparable Raffles is rein-
troduced to his many reader
admirers in a wonderful
succession of adventures and
hair-breadth escapes, The
stories will be fully illus-
trated by F. C. Yohn.

Victor Hugo as a Lover and as|
, an Artist.

| Second Instalment of the Great Author's Remarkable Love Letters, more captivating if
B possible than the first instalment published in the November number.

 

: Reproductions of Hugo's Extraordinary, Imiginative Drawings, with an accompanying

ART FEATURES on , a
en article by Benjamin Constant.

will include, besides the not-
able illustrations for ‘¢ The Regular Army ’’ and

other pictorial plans of special importance, . : :
noteworthy papers on art subjects by John La 2 B ‘
Farge, W. C. Brownell, and other distin- e ern ar an O ue in H
guished writers, while the Field of Art will e >
continue to be the most important critical de- "3

The Keenest Analysis and Most Appreciative Study yet made of Their Art by Henri

partment of its kind, edited by Mr. Russell :
Fouquier. (Illustrated).

Sturgis, and contributed to by leading author-
ities in art matters,

ee

Six Full Page Pictures in Colors}

By HOWARD PYLE.

A list of the illustrators for next year in-
cludes Walter Appleton Clark, F. C. Yohn,
H. C. Christy, Maxfield Parrish, Henry
McCarter, A. I. Keller, A. B. Frost, E. C,
Peixotto, W. Glackens, Henry Hutt, and
many others. There will be new and

Tes igs Saber pa mie

 

ci “iar ante —— ae The Pilgrimage of Truth by " Sronsteted as the »Erik Bogh 3
- 4 Enter a Dragoon by - . . - Thomas Hardy |
? Shaw's Folly by - - + — Thomas Bailey Aldrich
ra The Monkey by - . . . - Mary E. Wilkins
| The Discovery of Ophir by ~—- . - Dr. Carl Peters
I A Garden of Childhood by - - - Sarah S. Stilwell
Delightfully IMlustrated by the author.
Parents by - - : . Edward S. Martin
} Illustrated by Albert Sterner.
K If Bethlehem by - . . — Ruth McEnery Stuart
With 2 full page Ulustrations by Albert Herter, i

I The Fulfilling of the Law by - - — Robert H. Russell
I Above All Heights, a poem by - -  Marrion Wilcox

 

 

TWO OF To a Cynic, a poem by - -  ~- May Brown Loomis | |
sr) In Memoriam, a poem by - - Nina Frances Ledyard

 

 

(FIFTY-EIGHTH THOUSAND) : Motives, a poem by . : William Hamilton Hayne 2 f

AND
ITS SUCCESSOR 4 and the concluding chapters of

|

|

In the Practice and Theory of Fables In Slang j An Anachronism in Courtship by ' Alfred Hodder
|
|

More Fables |} Eleanor by - - - Mrs. Humphry Ward.|

  
 
 
  
        

BOUKSTORES,

Enlarged to | 70 Pag ES of Reading Matter.

A Striking Cover Especially Designed by Maxiield Parrish.

CHICAGO

 

One of the most thrilling books of the day ts | f

 

The First Number of Harper’s Magazine at Its Former Price of

35 Cents a Copy, $4.00 a Year.}

Subscriptions for Igor received up to December 1, at $3.00

A Priest and a Woman, |

“The Browne-Laure! Marriage.”

It abounds tn interesting episodes, ts brilliant |

Wilkinson has col- | and epigrammatic, It ts being talked about

 

-_——...