PUT HER OUT OF WHITEHOUSE,

CONGRESSMAN'S SISTER HAD TO
BE DRAGGED AWAY.

 

 

Mrs. Morris Insisted on Secing Roosevelt
-— Two Policeman and a Negro Carried
Her toa Cab-- Locked Up, but Released

Representative Hutt Is Her Brother,
WASHINGTON, Jan, 4A. sensational

acene occurred at the White House this
afternoon in which the principal was an

elderly woman, Mrs, Miner Morris, the
wife of a Washington physician, After

permission to see President Roosevelt in
the executive offices was refused her and
she had declined to leave, Mrs. Morris
was foreibly ejected from the building,
dragged roughly over a muddy driveway
and finally placed ina eab, in which she
was taken to a police station and then
tothe House of Detention, She was shortly
released from arrest on a deposit of col-
lateral

Mrs, Morris is a sister of Representative
John A. 'T. Hull of Iowa, chairman of the
House Committee on Military Affairs and
one of the Republican leaders in the lower
branch of Congress. Friends of Mrs. Mor-
ris kay that she is on intimate terms with
many people of official and social promi-
pence, Representative Hull declined to-
night to discuss the case. He was evi-
dently suffering keenly over the notoriety
into which Mrs. Morris and himself have
been brought and said he greatly deplored
the affair. He admitted that Mrs. Morris
was a close relative, but cafused to say
what the relationship was.

Neighbors of Mrs. Morris said to-night
that she was an accomplished musician,
a bright and witty woman, and has never
shown in their presence any signs of in-
inity or eccentricity. After her arrest
Policeman Frick of the White House force
went to the House of Detention and pre-
ferred a charge of insanity against her.
Physicians who were called in to examine
Mrs. Morris pronounced her sane, A
charge of disorderly conduct was then
preferred against her, and she was re-
leased on depositing $5 as collateral.

Mrs. Morris's husband is a physician.
Up to April, 1903, he was employed as a
clerk in the Army Medical Museum, a
branch of the Surgeon-General's office. At
that time he was dismissed under charges,
and Mrs. Morris's stated purpose in going
to the White House was to tell President
Roosevelt the circumstances of her hus-
band's case and to ask for his reinstate-
ment. It is understood that Dr. Morris
was dropped from the War Depariment
rolis mainly at the instigation of Reore-
rentative Hull, Mrs. Morris's brother.

According to what was said this evening
by a person who knew the circumstances
of the case, Representative Hull had been
greatly annoyed by his sister and they
are not now on speaking terms. Dr.
Morris is in Ohio, where he went, it is said,
to be at the bedside of his mother, who is
dangerously ill, Since his departure Mrs,
Morris hag been living at the New Willard
Hotel, one of the principal hotels in Wash-
ington. At the hotel it was said that Mrs.
Morris registered there a week ago.

It was a few minutes before 1:30 o'clock,
the hour when the President usually goes
to Juncheon, that Mrs. Morris appeared at
the executive offices. She was dressed in
clothes of expensive material and fashion-
able mode. Handing one of the White
House attendants a card on which her
name was engraved with “The New Willard”
written beneath it inink, she requested that
it be taken tothe President. The attendant

 

 

 

 

; action.

 

 

that while the cause of his dismissal was
not stated in the official records, it was
known to have been a consequence of
trouble that arose between the Morrises
and Representative Hull and other mem-
bors of the Hull family. This person said
that Representative Hull was placed in a
very embarrassing and humiliating posi-
tion through anonymous letters and the
circulation of malicious reports, and that
relations between himself and the Morrises
had been broken off some time before Dr.
Morris's dismissal from the Government
service,

Whatever cause for offence Mrs. Morris
may have given at the White House, there is
a great feeling of indignation among those
who witnessed the scene there or who have
heard the circumstances from witnesses
over the manner in which she was handled
while being ejected from the executive
offices and taken out of the White House
grounds,

Mrs. Morris has been twice married. Her
first husband was a Mr. Highleman of
Sedalia, Mo., by whom she had two sons,
Locke and Wilbur Highleman, now in busi-
ness in St. Louis. She was divorced from
Mr. Highleman. She met Dr. Morris
abroad and married him about ten years
ago. It is understood that Locke and Wil-
bur Highleman have been contributing to
their mother’s support.

FEATHERSON WAS

Grout Could Find Nothing in Charges
Against Dock Commissioner,

Tt came out yesterday that about six
weeks ago charges were made to the Mayor
against the then Dock Commissioner Feath-
erson to the effect that Mr. Featherson had
let city contracts to companies in which he
was interested, The principal charge was
made that Mr. Featherson was really the
head of the Ph@nix Contracting Company
and that to this company he had awarded
several contracts for filling in in connection
with the Chelsea dock improvements, It
was also asserted that Mr. Featherson was
interested in the Continental Asphalt Com-
pany and the Sand and Gravel Company,
which also received contracts from the city.

When the charges were made to him
the Mayor handed them over to Comp-
troller Grout and asked him to investigate.
Just before the Comptroller's term of office
ended he made a report to the Mayor. Mr.
Grout reported substantially that he had
been unable to discover anything which
would tend to sustain the accusations.

Mr. Featherson said last night that the
motive behind the charges was political
spite, and that they had been inspired by
certain individuals who wished to blacken
his character at a time when the question
of his remaining in office was to be con-
sidered by the Mayor.

“IT sold out my interests in the three com-
panies when I was appointed Commis-
sioner of Docks," he said. “I sold my hoid-
ings in the companies to William Sykes, a
coffee broker, and it was a genuine trans-
Neither I nor any one related to
me at any time while I was in office held a
share of stock in either of the companies.
So far as the dumping contracts given to the
Phenix Company are concerned, the coin-
pany paid during my administration 15 to
18 cents a cubic foot for the privileges,
while during Seth Low's administration it
paid only from 10 to 12 cents.”

ACCUSED.

 

MILLIONS E. L. HARPER OWES.

Judgment 18 Years Old Stil] Stands Against
Man Who Began Over Again.

Judgment for $5,280,333.33 was ordered

by Judge Coxe in the United States Circuit

| Court yesterday against Edward L. Harper,

told Mrs. Morris to take a seat in the lobby |

with other persons waiting to see the Presi-
dent or his secretary.
In a few minutes Benjamin F. Barnes,

cut into the lobby and asked Mrs. Morris
what her errand was. She told him that
her husband had been dismissed from the
public service and that she believed
that if she could
talk with him she could convinee him
that Dr. Morris had suffered an injustice.
Mr. Barnes, according to hisown statement,
replied that it would be impossible to see the
President on such an errand,

Mrs. Morris was persistent, however, and
Mr. Barnes at last said, with some emphasis,
that nothing was to be gained by prolonging
the conversation. At this point Mrs. Morris
lost her temper and said she would “sit down
there until an opportunity was given her to
tee Mr. Roosevelt.” Theassistant secretary
retorted that she must not sit there, but
must leave the building, adding, by way of
warning, that he would dislike to employ
forcible means. The woman did not move,
and two policemen came forward and seized
her, one on each side.

Declaring that she would not submit to
brutal treatment, Mrs. Morris became hys-
terical and resisted the efforts of the police-
men, but was overpowered and removed
from the lobby. When they had taken her
out of the door of the executive building the
Policemen, still holding tightly to Mrs.
Morris, started forthe driveway which leads
to the porte-cochére on the north side of the
White House proper, but the woman resisted
énd refused to walk.

The officers then became more strenuous
{n their endeavors and dragged her for some
distance along the wet and muddy drive-
way, and a negro, said to be a White House
fervant, rushed out from the basement of
the mansion and, seizing her feet, assisted
the officers in half dragging,half carrying the
ftruggling woman to the end of the east
terrace, a distanoe of nearly 100 yards.

During the progress of this enforced
‘ourney Mrs. Morris called piteously in
hysterical tones to the bystanders, some of
whom were expressing indignation at the
manner in which she was being treated, to
come to her assistance. Her outer cloth-
ing was half torn from her body and her
gloves, handkerchief, card case and a piece
of jewelry were strewn along the way. At
the east terrace a cab was called and Mrs.
Morris was taken in it to a police station,
Where she collapsed.

When she recovered she was taken ina cab
tothe House of Detention, Here Policeman
Frick appeared and preferred the charge
of insanity, but when the examining physi-
Clans pronounced Mrs. Morris to be sane
the charge was changed to that of dis-
orderly conduct, and she was released
Foon on cash collateral deposited by a
friend,

Mrs. Morris's identity was not known at
the White House, Up to about six months
€g0 she lived with her husband at 2834
Massachusetts avenue, near Sheridan Cir-
cle, in the most fashionable residence sec-
tion of the city.

Dr. Morris was appointed to a special
Clerkship in the Surgeon-General’s office
Gbout the time of the Spanish-American
war. It was said to-night by a person
*ho claimed to be. familiar with his case

see the President and |

 

who was associated with Eugene Zimmer-
man and other capitalists of Cineinnati in
the famous wheat corner of 1887,

Harper was vice-president ofthe Fidelity

| National Bank of Cincinnati and a rising
assistant secretary to the President, came |

tinancier when he went into the corner.
After about $6,Cw,000 of the bank’s securi-
ties and deposits had been used in holding
up the market the bank broke. After
a long fight the depositors got 58 per cent.
of their money.

Harper got ten years for wrecking tie
bank, and judgment was secured against
him in the Ohio Federal courts for $2,500,000,
After serving six years Harper was par-
done d and floated a $60,000,00 combination
of iron and steel foundries, He is now
vice-president and manager of the Unicu
Iron and Steel Company, at 71 Broadway,
and lives at 349 Central Park West. There is
little chance that the reaffirmed judgment
with the eighteen years interest will be paid,
as Harper has applied to be adjudged a
bankrupt in the United States courts in
Virginia.

 

DEFRAUDING STATE OF TAXES.

Charges Against Chief Clerk Merrill of
the State Comptroller's Office.

ALBANY, Jan. 4.—Charges have been
made to Comptroller Kelsey against John
Merrill, chief clerk in the Bureau of Cor-
poration Taxes of the State Comptroller's
office, by Frank White. Mr. White is a cor-
poration lawyer who has business with
this bureau. He charges Merrill with in-
competency, neglect of duty, favoritism
in the performance of his work, wilful and
intentional misconduct, incapacity and
inefficiency, which charges, Mr. White be-
lieves, unfit him to discharge the duties of
his position and enables corporations to
escape the payment of full taxes.

Twenty-eight specifications of acta
charging Mr. Merrill with assisting in de-
frauding the State of taxes are stated in
the charges. He is charged with illegally
reducing the tax of the American Tobacco
Company $6,000 and an illegal reduction of

' $1,300 from the American Cigar Company

/ Chemical and Manufact iring Company,

tax.

Mr. White charges that some of the
reductions were made at the instance of
Charles Kilmer, Mr. Merrill's predecessor
in the department. At his behest, Mr.
White charges, illegal reductions have been
made by Mr. Merrill in the taxes of the
Metropolitan Opera and Real Estate Com-
pany of New York city, the Brooklyn Ware-
house and Storage Company and Francis
M. Leggett & Co. of New York city.

Otber corporations who are charged
with havingescaped paying their full taxes
are Simpson Crawford Company, the
Adams Dry Goods Company, the Siegel
Cooper Company, the Marvel Company,
a New Jersey corporation othe business
in this State and represented by Atter-
bury & Beekman of Brooklyn; the New
Jersey Steamboat Company, the Water-
bury Rubber Company, the Manufactur-

ers’ Commercial Company, the yy BTTpA
the

' Chapman Wrecking and Derrick Company

 

and the National Candy Company.

Mr. White charges that lawyers other
than the ones friendly to Mr. Merrill have
to do business strictly in accordance with
law in his bureau.

sople who are In @ hurry, and yet want
ere eonitort in travelling, the New York Cen-
ral offers wnequalicd fuctiitics, - ade,

 

 

 

 

HEPBURN PUTS IN A RATE BILL

 

EMBODIES VIEWS SET FORTH IN
PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE,

 

It Provides That the Membership of the
Interstate Commission Shall Be Ine
cres.sed From Sevento Nine and Largely
Increases the Commission's Powers.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 4,—Representative
Hepburn (Rep., Ia.), chairman of the Com-
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Com-
merce, to-day introduced his bill to regu-
late railroad rates. The measure follows
in general terms the recommendations of
the President's message upon the subject
and also embodies some of Mr. Hepburn's
own views. It amends the Interstate
Commerce act affecting common carriers
and adds several new sections. It also
increases the membership of the Interstate
Commerce Commission from seven to nine,
and stipulates that they shall be appointed
by the President for a term of nine years
and receive salaries of $10,000 a year each.
Not more than five men of the same political
party shall be appointed. The powers of
the Commission are largely increased under
the bill.

The bill defines the meaning of “common
carrier” and the term “railroad” and pre-
scribes the method of publishing tariff
rates, including joint routes and through
rates, and that these shall be just and
reasonable. Any unjust or unreasonable
rate is declared to be unlawful, and it is
also declared to be unlawful to charge,
collect or demand any rate in excess of the
published rate. Failure to publish rates
makes the common carrier amenable to a
writ of mandamus issued by any circuit
court of the United States, and failure
to comply with the requirements is punish-
able for contempt, the Commission being
empowered to apply for an injunction
against any common carrier to restrain it
from doing a transportation business until
the provisions of the bill stated are com-
plied with.

Upon complaint and full hearing on
any charge of unjust rates the Commission
is authorized and empowered to determine
and prescribe “what in its judgment will
be just and reasonable and fairly remun-
erative maximum rates” in place of those
held to be “unjust, unreasonable, unjustly

discriminatory or unduly preferential or |

prejudicial” in violation of the act. The
Commission is further empowered to order
that the common carrier shall not collect
rates in excess of the maximum which it
(the Commission) shall prescribe. The
same power is given the Commission re-
specting through routes and maximum
joint rates,

In case the shipper renders any service
in connection with the transportation of
his property, the commission is empowered
to determine what is a reasonable charge
to be paid by the carrier therefor, The
method of procedure for recovery of
damages is prescribed.

The penalty sections of the bill provide
that violation of the order of the commis-
sion fixing just and reasonable rates shall
subject any carrier, officer, representative,
agent or otherwise to a fine of $5,000 for
each offence. The forfeiture is to be paid
into the United States Treasury and recover-
able as ina civil suit.

It is made the duty of the various District
Attorneys, under the direction of the Attor-
ney-General of the United States, to prose
ecute for the rec ry of such forfeitures,

 

 

andthe comrnission ix authorized to engage |

special counsel to assist such prosecution,
with the conrent of the Attorney-General.

In the event of the failure of a carrier to
obey the order of the commission, any
injured party or the commission itself nay
apply to a Circuit Judge for the enforce-
ment of the order, and the court shall en-
force the order by injunction. Appeal from
such «ction is made to the
Court of the United States. The exe
pediting provision of the anti-trust law
is made applicable to such cases. A
new section is added to the Interstate Com-
merce act providing for rehearings.

The bill requires common carriers to make
full annual reports to the
showing in detail capital stock issued,
plus fund, cost and value
franchises and equipments, as wel!
number and salaries of employees, acci-
dents and their causes, improvements,

Supreme |

commission, |

earnings, receipts, operating expenses and |

all other information pertaining to their
business. Failure to report within the time
prescribed by the commission is punish-
able by a forfeiture of $100 for each day
the report is delayed.

The bill gives the commission access to
all records and accounts kept by carriers,
and the authority to employ special agents
or examiners to inspect the same. Failure
to keep records as prescribed by the com-
mission is punishable by a forfeiture of
$500 for each offence. A false entry is
declared to be a misdemeanor and is punish-
able by a fine of not leas than $1,000 or
more than $5,000, or a term of imprisonment
not less than one or more than three years
or both.

A bill was also introduced by Representa-
tive Hogg (Rep., Col.) to abolish the Inter-
state Commerce Commission and create
in ita stead a transportation commission
consisting of three members. The measure
defines the powers of the proposed trans-
portation commission relative to the fixing
of railroad rates,

A bill to enlarge the powers of the Inter-
state Commerce Commission with respect
to fixing rates was also introduced by
Representative Smith” (Dem., Tex.).

The Interstate Commerce Committee of
the Senate will meet to-morrow, and Chair-
man Elkins will explain the bill, of which
he is author, regulating railroad rates
No definite action is expected at the meet-
ing to-morrow, for Senator Dolliver has a
bill that will claim the committee's atten-
tion at some subsequent meeting. ‘The
bill of the minority will be presented, ex-
plained and considered, The prediction
made gome time ago that the Senate com-
mittee would probably not act until after
the House had passed a bill seems to be
borne out by the trend of events.

FOR LEWIS
Fitzgerald Finds in the Record
» No Sufficient Error.

The application of Thomas P. Wickes
of Lewis Jarvis fame for a certificate of
rensonable doubt and a stay of sentence,
pending his appeal from his convietion
on a charge of blackmail, was denied yes-
terday by Supreme Court Justice Fitz-
gerald, who said that he could find in the
record of the trial no prejudicial error
such as would warrant the granting of a
certificate.

 

NO STAY JARVIS,

Justioe

|
|
|
|

MISS ROOSEVELT’S WEDDING.

 

 

The President Announces That It Will Take
Place Feb. 17 in the White House.
WasuHINoToN, Jan. 4.—The wedding of

Miss Alice Roosevelt and Mr, Longworth,

according to an announcement made to-

day by the President and Mrs, Roosevelt,

will take place on Saturday, February 17,

at noon, The ceremony will be performed

in the East Room of the White House.

Announcement of the date of the wedding
was formally made by the President and
Mrs, Roosevelt just prior to the reception at
the White House to-night to the members
of the Diplomatic Corps.

The ceremony will be performed by the
Episcopal Bishop of Washington, the Right
Rey. Henry Y. Satterlee, assisted by the
Rev. Roland Cotton Smith, rector of St.
John's, the church which Mrs, Roosevelt
and Miss Roosevelt attend, The ceremony
will be followed by a breakfast to be served
in the state dining room, No details have
been announced regarding this fun@tion,
but it is the general impression that the
company will be composed entirely of rela-
tivesand personal friends, and that norights
will be accorded to official position on this
historic occasion. This will be following
the precedent set by the President and Mrs,
Roosevelt on the occasion of Miss Roose-
velt's début.

There are many rumors about the ushers
Mr. Longworth will select. So far, only
two in Washington have accepted this
honor: Benson Foraker, son of the Ohio
Senator, and Representative Robert Adams
of Pennsylvania, It is understood that
Buckner Wallingford of Cincinnati will at-
tend his brother-in-law as best man, and
that Viscount De Chambrun, also a brother-
in-law of Mr. Longworth, will be among
hisattendants. The Ambassador to Vienna,
the Hon. Bellamy Storer, whose wife is an
aunt of the prospective bridegroom, has
applied to the State Department for leave of
absence in order to be present with Mrs,
Storer at the wedding.

EARTHQUAKE DESTROYS TOWN.

 

Serious Disturbances in Nicaragua—The
Volcano Santiago Breaks Out Again.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

PANAMA, Jan. 4.—There have been serious
earthquakes in Nicaragua.

The town of Masaya has been destroyed.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Arthur O. Wallace,

Vice-Consul of the United States at Mana- |

gua, the capital of Nicaragua, has informed
the State Department that an earthquake
has destroyed Masaya.

The disaster was caused by the eruption
of the voleano Santiago. Mr. Wallace's
despatch indicates that the earthquake
was most disastrous,

 

Masaya is a town of 20,000 inhabitants in
the department of Masaya, adjoining the
department of Granada, and is about thir-
teen’ miles by rail northwest of the city of
Granada. It is near the foot of the voleano
variously called Masaya and Santiago,
which is 8,000 feet high.

The town of Masaya has more than once
been threatened with destruction by an
eruption of the volcano, which is only three
miles away. In January, 1902, when the
volcano had been in eruption for several
weeks, it became exceedingly violent, men-
acing the surrounding country with ruin.
There were several earthquakes, the shocks
at Masaya being particularly violent.

In September, 1905, the voleano broke
out again with great violence, throwing
water and hot rocks over a considerable
area. Millions of coffee trees on plantations
adjacent to the voleano were destroyed by
the hot water that fell upon then,

 

TO PAY PRESIDENT'S FARES,

Bill Introduced Allowing Him $15,000 a
Year for Transportation,

WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Representative

McCall (Rep., Mass.) wants the President

 

; | to he absolutely independent of the rail- |
amounts paid for the same, dividends, sur-

of property |
as |

roads and not to be put to the necessity
of accepting their favors or paying for
transportation out of his own pocket. To-
day he introduced a bill providing that the
President shall be allowed $15,000 each year
for purposes of transportation.

Mr. McCall believes that the President
should travel and come in contact with the
people, but that neither the railroads nor
the Executive himself should be made
to bear the expense.

THE S80-CENT GAS BILL,

Senator Page Tells the Governor That He
Thinks of Introducing It Again.

ALBANY, Jan. 4.—Gov. Higgins talked
with Senator Page to-day, and when ques-
tioned about it to-night the Governor
said that the Senator had said that he
thought of introducing again the eighty
cent gas bill for New York city. When
asked if the State Gas Commission did not
have the authority to fix the price of gas in
New York the Governor said he thought
that it had.
the commission was creatod that the Mayor
would have entered complaint and asked
that a reduced rate be fixed, but he did not
take any steps, and it was not until Senator
Page brought the taatter before the com-
mission, the Governor said, that it could
begin its investigation.

The Governor said he was disappointed
at the failure of the eighty cent gas bill
in the last Legislature. He said he had
done all that he had thought it proper for
him to do. 5

THE

 

NEW SUBWAYS,

 

Appiteation for Appointment of Com-

mission Already Made,

On the application of the Rapid Transit
Commissioners the Appellate Division di-
rected yesterday that advertisements be
published in ‘Tur Sun and six othei daily
newspapers reciting that an application
is pending before the court for the appoint-
ment of three commissioners who shall
determine the advisability of constructing
new subways along the routes indicated
in the papers on file with the court,

The routes are for the projected Third
avenue, Lexington avenue and Seventh
and Eighth avenue subways, The com-
missioners will hold hearings at which
property holders along the routes may
appear, either in person or by counsel,
The motion for the appointment of com-
missioners will be argued on January 26.

 

GOLF TOURNAMENTS, PINEHURST, N, C,
January 15 to 20, Special rates via Seaboard
Air Line, Office 1183 Broadway,—Ade,

 

It had been thought when |

 

| DR, NORTON, 100, WOULD KILL,

| MAN OF LETTERS JOINS MISS
HALLS “EASY DEATH” CULT.

 

 

 

Deciares It Is a Duty to Put Out of the
World the Insane, the Hopelessly Sick,
the Old and the Victims of Accidents
—Wrong to Prolong a Life of Torture.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 4.—Dr, Charles Eliot
| Norton of Cambridge, man of letters and
| translator of Dante's “Divine Comedy,” has

joined forces with Miss Anne 8. Hall of
Cincinnati and with Mrs. Maud Ballington
Booth in their campaign for, the killing
off of the hopelessly insane, hopelessly
diseased and victims of accidents.

| Miss Hall during the meeting of the
American Humane Association in Phila-
delphia last October presented resolutions
calling for approval of “the practice of
| physicians who in cases of hopeless suf-
fering make painless the last hours of life
|

'

 

by an anesthetic” and protesting against
“the practice of prolonging by artificial
means the agonies of incurable diseases.”
The resolution also called for the adoption
by railroads of recommendations by Mrs.
Maud Ballington Booth providing for the
killing by anesthetics of injured and im-

of railroad wrecks or

prisoned victims
other accidents.

The resolution was defeated, but Miss
Hall is continuing her campaign, and the
Norton letter it is thought will give much
impetus to her work.

Dr. Norton was formerly professor of
literature at Harvard, He was a friend of
Longfellow and Lowell, and with them
made the famous translation of the “Divine
Comedy.” He heads his letter “An appeal
to reason as well as compassion,” addresses
Miss Hall, and writes

“You ask me to express my opinion, tn
such form that it may be given to the public,
concerning the prolongation of life by
medical or surgical science when it can
be prolonged only at the cost of misery.

“The matter has of late acquired new
claim for consideration owing to the rapid
advance in knowledge and in skill alike
of physicians and surgeons and to the
application of this increasing knowledge
and skill to the lengthening of wretched
lives.

“The principle that it is a duty to prolong
every human life as long as possible, at
whatever cost, has hitherto been generally
accepted,

“Its main support has been the doctrine
of the sacredness of human ..fe, and this
has been reinforced by two practical con-
siderations of great weight; one, the free-
dom of physician, surgeon or bystander
from all responsibility of decision of a
question grave in any case and in which a
mistake in judgment might be severely
blameworthy; the other, the natural de-
| sire on the part of members of the medical
and surgical profession to exhibit the re-
sources of their art in mastering extreme
difficulties.

“The doctrine and the practice have
both been pressed too far. There is no
ground to hold every human life as in-
violably sacred, and to be preserved, no
matter with what results to the individual,
or to others. On the contrary there are
cases to which every reasonable consider-
ation urges that the end should be put.
Setting aside all doubtful cases, no right
thinking man would hesitate to give a dose
| of laudanum, sufficient to end suffering
| and jife together, to the vietim of an acci-
| dent from the torturing effects of which
! recovery was impossible, however many
hours of misery might be added to con-
seious life by stimulants or surgical opera-
tions, '

“Nor should a reasonable man hesitate
ito hasten death in the case of a mortal
| disease such, for example, as cancer when
it has reached the stage of incessant severe
pain and when the patient desires to die,

“The prolongation of life in such a case,
by whatever means, is mere criminal
cruelty.

“Or take another instance, that of an old
person whose mind has become a chaos

 

of wild imaginings productive of constant |

distress not only to the sufferer, but to all
who live with and attend him. The plain
{duty in such a case not to prolong,
; but to shorten life.

| “It is not to be hoped that a superstition
so deeply rooted in tradition as that of the
| duty of prolonging life at any cost will
readily yield to the arguments of reason
{or the pleadings of compassion, but the
discussion of the subject in its various
aspects may lead gradually to a more en-
lightened publie opinion and to the conse-
quent relief of much misery.”

is

 

ANOTHER MAYOR BARS “SAPHO.”

Miss Nethersole Prohibited From Playing
the Part at Springfield.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Jan, 4,— Mayor
Dockinson to-day forbade the presenta-
tion of “Sapho” by Olga Nethersole in this

city next Monday night.
| Protests had been made hy clergymen,
' and when Lonis Nethersole, business man-
ager for the actress, asked for a_ license
| the Mayor mentioned the objections. Mr.
| Nethersole offered to read the play to the
Mayor, but his Honor pleaded an important
| engagement, and Miss Nethersole will ap-
pear in “Magda” instead.

The Mayor's decision has met with much
adverse criticism and it is said not to reflect
public sentiment or public opinion,

  

TAGGART'S OPPONEN?S WIN.

Indiana Democratic Boss Still Bases Hope
on Division in Committee.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 4.-Members of
the Democratic State central committee,
which will meet in this city on Monday
next for organization, were chosen in three
Congress districts to-day, and in two of the
conventions the anti-Taggart forces landed
their man, giving that faction a majority of
one on the committee,

The opposition is not agreed upon a can di-
for the chairmanship. Some of the com-
mitteemen are for Sweeney, some for Risk,
and others for Hendren, but they seem to
be one on the question of wresting control
of the organization from Pagmer and put-
ting a representative of the Bryan element
at the party helin, :

Taggart's friends to-night admit that the
opposition has a majority of the committee-
men, but insist that it cannot agree upon a
candidate. They think this is an element of
weakness and that if Taggart does not suc-
ceed in reelecting O'Brien he will be at
least able to dictate the chairman and in
this way will retain hold on the party or-
ganization,

 

Bedford Sparkling Water-—"TheVintageWater"
Try a bottle or split. UnexceNed for highball.
—aAdr.

 

THE BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS
runs dally to Butlalo, with sleeping car through to
Chicago. Leaves N, ¥. 1055 noon. Lehigh Valley
R. R, Dining cars; service @ 1a carte.—Adr,

el

     

 

| turned
triumvirs, Murphy, McMahon and Haffen, |
of whom Murphy succeeded to the head- |

 

‘
Fripay, JANUARY 5, 1906.
Fair and colder to-day and to-morrow;
fresh west winds. '
SE ESTATES arama nse en |

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

KILLS 23.

 

MINE EXPLOSION

 

Eighteen Others Seriously Injured--Third
Acoldent in Six Months.
BLUEFIFLDS, W. Va., Jan. 4.—Twenty-
three miners were killed by an explosion at
the mines of the Coaldale Coal and Coke Com-
pany to-day. Eighteen others were seri-

ously injured.

It was the third explosion within six
montha in the Pocahontas coal field and the
most disastrous.

The blast came soon after the men had
entered the mine for work, and without ua
moment's warning.

Following the explosion a sheet of flame
came from the mine. With a will the
rescuers set to work, and after several hours
were able to reach the bodies of the dead
and injured and bring some of them from
the mine.

The medical staff of the city was reen-
forced by every physician in the country for
miles around, with the result that the in-
jured received prompt attention.

The town hall was converted intoa morgue
and hospital, where the bodies of the dead
and injured were taken,

Officials of the mining company have
refused to make any statement as to the
cause of the explosion, but have devoted
their time to conducting the work of rescue
and affording relief to the families of the
dead and dying.

KAISER BOSS IF WAR COMES.

Tells von Moltke He'll Find Job of Being
Chief of Staff a Peace Snap.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

BeruIn, Jan. 4—In connection with
numerous press attacks upon the appoint-
ment of Gen. Count von Moltke as Chief of
the General Staff, the Staalsbuerger Zeitung,

a military journal, says that Gen. von

Moltke was unwilling to accept the ap-

pointment and told the Kaiser so. His

Majesty replied:

“In time of war I myself will be Chief
of the General Staff. You will find the
work in time of peace easy enough.”

DIDN'T TELL HIS FAMILY.

 

 

 

Assistant Attorney-General Russell tn Hos-
pital Since Christmas.

WasHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Charles W. Russell,
one of the assistant Attorney-Generals,
who has been an officer of the Department
of Justice for many years, is recovering
from a surgical operation at the George
Washington University Hospital. Mr. Rus-
sell left his home during a Christmas party
in which his son and several other young
persons were engaged, telling members of
his farnily that he was obliged to leave
town on business for a fortnight. He had
told the Attorney-General the same thing.
He went to the hospital, where the opera-
tion was performed, and the fact of his
illness did not become known to his family
or to the Department of Justice until yes-
terday.

SHEEHAN BACK IN) TAMMANY.

 

 

Once Its Leader, but Croker Ousted Him
and Put In Murphy.

John C. Sheehan is back in the Tammany
fold after an exile of about six years. He
was elected last night a member of the
general committee of the Twenty-fifth
Assembly district. George F. Scannell
is the leader of the district, andthe meeting
at which Mr. Sheehan was received back
into Tammany was held at the Seneca
Club, 128 Fast Thirty-first street, the head-
quarters of the district organization.

Mr. Sheehan became the leader of Tam-
many Hall in 1897 and held on to the job
until Richard Croker ousted him and re-
sumed the reins, Sheehan hung to Tam-
many for a couple of years, but finally
broke away and formed the Greater New
York Democracy. In the fusion move-
ment of four years agotheG, N.Y. D. helped
to elect Seth Low, but it died a natural
death last year. Meanwhile Croker had
the management over to the

ship.
THREATENED DUEL STIRS SPAIN.

 

Efforts Making to Prevent Aged Marquis
and Gen. Rios From Fighting.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Mapnip, Jan. 4.—The politicians and

society people here are deeply interested |

in a threatened duel between Marquis
de la Vega de Armijo, president of the Royal
Historical Society, and ex-Prime Minister
Montero Rios, growing out of a political
quarrel,

The Marquis, who is &2 years old, chal-
lenged Gen. Rios, who is 77. Seconds were
appointed, but these, considering the age of
the disputants, instead of furthering a com-
bat informed the authorities, who are now

| seeking to prevent a meeting.

The respective positions of the Marquis
and Gen. Rios are hotly championed by the
sections of the Liberal party to which each
belongs. The row seems to have caused

a serious cleavage in the party, crippling |

its political activities.

NAB CADILLAC CIGAR MAN,

 

Revenue Men Say He Sold Domestic Cigars
Out of Imported Boxes.

John F. Snyder, who runs the cigar
stands in the Cadillac and had a stand
in the Marlborough up to a month ago,
was arrested by Revenue Agents Sinsel
and Moore yesterday charged with selling
domestic cigars out of boxes that pur-
ported to contain imported cigars.

Snyder pleaded not guilty and gave
$1,000 cash bail for examination, Wallick
Bros., who manage the Cadillac, said that
FE. A. Klein, who employs Snyder as man-
ager, pays $6,000 a year for lease of the
stands. If Snyder had been selling fake
cigars, however, he said, the lease would be
revoked as soon as possible.

BARGE GOES DOWN IN’ STORM.

One of a String of Five Rams Another,
Sending Her to the Bottom.
Provipence, R. I., Jan. 4.—The tug
Resolute arrived in this port to-day, bring-
ing the barge Morris R. and reporting the
loss of Barge No. 61, which sank in the

heavy sea near Duck Island, off Westbrook,
Conn., on Tuesday night. The tugs Keso-

lute and Rambler were alongside, towing |

five barges, of which No. 61 was third in
the string. The hawser connecting No. 9,
the second in the tow, and No, 61 parted
and the latter dashed against No. 9 bows on.
A large hole was opened on the bow of
No. 61, which filled rapidly. The tug Ram-
bler cast loose from the Resolute and res-
eued Capt. Olsen and his wife, who con-
stituted the crew of the barge.

 

ARREST IN THE EDWARDS CASE

 

CONONER ORDERS MAXCY HILLER,
BROTHER-IN-LAW, HELD,

 

Inquest Develops That There Had Been Big
ter Feeling Over Estate of Aged Abigail
Hiller and That Edwards and His
Wife Had Feared for Their Lives.

New Haven, Jan, 4.—Coroner Eli Mix,
' after an all day investigation into the oir-
cumstances surrounding the mysterloys
shooting and death of Charles A. Edwards,
a retired chemical manufacturer, who
lived at 5650 Park avenue, New York city,
|
|
|
|

issued an order to the detectives to take .

into custody Allan Maxcy Hitler, brother-
in-law of the dead man, at 6 o'clock to-
night. E

Hiller at the time the order was issued
was in the Coroner's office, where he hag
been summoned to tell what he knew about
the death of Edwards.

He was escorted to police headquarters
by Detective James Ward and was locked
up. Attorney Earliss P. Arvine was sent
for by Hillér. When he reached head-
quarters he asked upon what charge Hiller
was held. Sergt. Gibson told Mr. Arvine
that Hiller was detained upon the order
of Coroner Mix.

“You have no right to hold this man with-
out a warrant,” said Mr. Arvine, “and it
is an entirely illegal proceeding, in my
judgment.”

It was explained that the police were
simply obeying the instructions of the
Coroner. Mr. Arvine wag permitted te
go into the lockup to consult with Mr.
Hiller. Detective Ward went. in with him.

The conference lasted for a quarter of
an hour. Hiller appeared to be entirely
unnerved. Going from the Coroner's office
he stumbled half way down the stairs and
would have fallen had not a reporter caught
him,

Hiller was born in this city about fifty
years ago and has a wife and three chil-
dren. He served in the Board of Alde»
men for several terms, representing the
First ward, known as the College district.

He is a director in the public library and
has been frequently mentioned as a candi-

He entered the academio department at
Yale, but did not finish, and then he studied
for a while in the law school, but on acoount
of poor health had to give that up. In
1893 he received an honorary degree froin
the university,

The detention of Hiller by the Coroner
was a great surprise. Since the death of
Mr Edwards there have been many stories
told of the disagreements in the Hillier

date of the Republican party for Mayor.

family over the distribution of the estate .

of Mrs, Abigail Hiller, mother of Maxcy
Hiller, who died early in November, 1905.
This estate is valued at less than $100,000,
and it has been asserted that Maxcy Hiller
was very anxious to be the administrator.

His brother, Judge Charles A. Hiller of
Salina, Kan., who has been here for over
a year looking after the property, and Mr.
Edwards, his brother-in-law, did not agree
to this and no administrator was appointed.

An attempt was: made to agree on an
outsider, and the name of President Curtis
of the City Bank was suggested. Mr.
Edwards and Judge Hiller, it is said, agreed
on the appoiutment of President Curtis.
The latter, however, refused to take the
position except by the agreement of the
three, and Maxcy Hiller refused to sano-
tion it.

Several relatives of the family who were
present at many meetings between Mrs.
Hier and her two sons during the last year
of Mrs. Hiller'’s life have told of serious
quarrels between Mrs. Hiller and her son
Maxey. It was also said to-night that Mr.
Kdwards told a prominent resident here
on the night that he was killed that the
reason Mrs, Edwards did not come to this
city was that her life bad been threatened
by one of her brothers.

Early this morning detectives at work
on the case hed several plumbers at the
Hiller house tearing out drainage pipes
and furnace pipes, looking for the missing
| weapon which caused the death of Mr.
Edwards.

At the same time, by order of Coroner
Mix, an autopsy was begun on the body
| of Mr. Edwards by Prof. Charles J. Bartlett
| of the Yale medical school, medical exami-
ner for the city. Ten doctors of the city
were present, among them Dr. William H.
Carmalt, professor of surgery in the medical
school, who, it was said, represented A.
Maxcy Hiller at the autopsy. Several
other physicians, it was said, represented
| other members of the family.

While the autopsy was in progress Coroner
Mix summoned the two Hiller brothere,
| Judge Charles Hiller and Maxoy Hiller, to
his office, where they were both closely
questioned for several hours at an inquest
conducted by Coroner Mix and Deputy
Coroner Philip Pond.

The testimony of Mre.Edwards, the widow,
was taken earlier in the day by Coroner
Mix at the home of ex-President Timothy
Dwight of Yale, where she is staying.
| At the inquiry in the Coroner's office;
| besides the two Hiller brothers, Attorney
W. KR, L. Edwards of 100 East Thirty-firet
| street, a nephew of the deceased, and Mar-
paret Reynolds and Susan Gibbons, the
| two aged domestics at the Hiller home,
} were present.
| Judge Charles A, Hiller was the firet
| witness examined. He told of the finding
| of the body andafter anexamination lasting
|
|
|
'

 

about an hour and a half was allowed to
go.
Mr. Edwards was detained only a short
time, and when asked later if it was to him
; that Charles A, Edwards had made the
statement before his visit to this city that
he feared to make the trip, anticipating
personal injury, he said that he had been
| requested not to talk on that matter.

The hearing was resumed at 8 o'clock,
with Mrs, Hiller, wife of Maxcy Hiller, the
first witness. Her husband was in the
lockup while she was being questioned,
She was very much excited and ia deaf,

At 10 o'clock to-night Maxcy Hiller was
taken from the lockup to the Coroner’B
office for further examination, Theae
| hearings before the Coroner are secret,
| no one being allowed present but the Cor-
oner and the witnesses,

It was stated to-night that a small bullet

 

 

) had been removed from Mr. Edwards's
j head during the autopsy. It was also
fannounced that the medical examiner

| had said that the course of the bullet as
revealed by the autopsy indicated that the
wound in Edwards's head could not have
| been self-inflicted,
, At midnight Coroner Mix adjourned
| the hearing until Friday at 9 A. M. MEST
| Hiller bad been on the witness stand until
| the moment of adjournment.
He was taken to his home in acarriage,
and a policeman accompanied him, tojre-
main there on guard all night. Coroner

Mix declined to make any statement,
r

’ ]

ey

 

 

:
|

‘
+]