ayingee 7

LXXII]—NO. 86,

—

VOL,

  
   

GILTAN HINTS AT MASSACRE, |

THREAT AGAINST CHRISTIANS IN
HIS NOTE TO THE POWERS,

aon nian

 

Ports Not Responsible for Consequences |
if Demand for Macedontan Reforms

Is Pressed) Fleet Not Yet Under Way
Austria May Be Asked toSend Troops

jal Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 24.—Although
diplonitistsare not surprised at the Porte’s
yefusal of the demands of the Powers, the
tenorof the reply has madea bad impression,
inasmuch as it concluded by saying that
if the Powers increased their pressure for
the purpose of compelling the acceptance
of their cdemands the Porte would not be
responsible for the consequences arising
from popular discontent,

This is interpreted as a threat, and taken
jn connection with recent unofficial hints,
js supposed to imply the possibility of mas-
of Christians in Turkey. Consa-

the suggestion is made by the
more guardships be sent

acres
quent)
embassies that
to protect foreigners here.

Germany's action in withholding a vessel
of any type from cooperating with the
international fleet continues to be criticized

hy foreigners, who hold that even a small

gunboat) would have been sufficient to
show the German flag, and would have
had more eect on the Sultan than the |
German Ambassador's alleged repeated
advice to the Sultan to accept Europe's |

It js steted that the Sultan does not intend
the seivure of islands, He will
Powers hold them until they are

Weose

demands |
|

to of
Jet the

tired :
\rupss, Nov. 24. Admiral Ritter von
Jedina presided to-day at a further meet-

ing of the commanders of the international
fleet at the Pirwus. It is understood that
the fleet will not sail until to-morrow. No
shore leave is given to the crews,

Loxpon, Nov. 24. The Standard, com-
menting on the ‘Turkish situation, says,
although diplomatists still express the

hope that the Sultan will vield to the de-
mands of the Powers, it is now generally
recognized that a naval demonstration
is incapable of producing the desired effect.
lf the Sultan is ebdurate the combined
any port the |
sSalonica, and it

Fauadron cannot seize on

mainland
certainiv is not strong enough to force the
determined opposi-

like Smvrna or

Dardanelles against
Hion

Bevond sizing like Mytilene
and Lemnos. it eanonly establish a blockade
which at best would he ineffective, since
ft is nor within the competence of the
hiockading fleet to stop vessels flying the
flag of any power which is not taking part
in the demonstration

It is recognized, therefore, that if the
Sultan refuses to yield to the show of naval
force it will be necessary to lise stronger
measures. In that case the Powers will, |
it is understood, give a mandate to Auagtria’ |
to'take such military steps as are necessary |
to secuge the proposed reforms in Maoe- |
doma, Yf such 2 necessity should arise |
thera is no danger of Germany refusing {
to join in the mandate, since it is the policy |
of Germany in the Near East to follow the |
lead of Austria. ‘|

The (Constantinople correspondent of |
the Times, referring to the supposed threat ,
of a massacre of Christians, says he does |
not think it likely there will he a massacre |
in Constantinople or anywhere else unless |
the naval demonstration proves the signal |
for a msing in Macedonia, in which case |
anything is possible. |

7
ands

 

Port and Dramatist Unconscious and Hope
Is Abandoned.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, Nov. 2%.—A despatch to the |
Times from Christiania says that Henrik |
Thsen, the poet and dramatist, who has
been ill for some time, is unconscious and
is not expected to recover.

LIVED TO SEE DAUGHTER WED.

'

 

Marriage, Hastened, Took Place an Haur
Before Parent Died.

Pirtssrra, Pa., Nov. 24.—Just an hour
after the marriage of his daughter had been
folemnized, Joseph R. Laughrey, a wealthy
retired coke operator, died at his home in
Dawson. Mr. Laughrey's death was not
unexpected. His only wish had been to
live long enovgh to see his daughter mar-
ried. The wedding took placeat 8:300'clock
last evening at the family home in Dawson.
The daughter, Miss Emma E. Laughrey, had |
Just returned from Pasadena, Cal., where |
the had Leen spending the fall. She was
married to Earl G. Miller of Carmichaels, Pa.

 

MIX Expert Nightstlecks Soon Suppress

Hudding Riot on Washington Street.

There was another row in the Syrian
quarter in the lower part of the city last
Nieht, but it happened that a sufficient
number of policemen \.ere near to quell
it before any of the fighters had been hurt.
Ever since the trouble started in the Syrian
a six uniformed cops have been
kept on duty at the lower end of Wash-
ington street, where most of the Syrians
ive

The cons were all on the job last night
When a fusillade began opposite a Syrian
Pstaurant at 83 Washington street. The
Moment the shooting started men poured
from the nearby hallways as if they had
heen waiting for the fight to begin. Twenty
shots or more were fired in rapidsuccession |
before the cops began to scatter the fighters
With their night sticks.

Six prisoners were taken, A search
failed to bring to light any one who suffered
froma bullet wound, Two of the prisoners |
had slight cuts on the hands, They made |
counter charges against each other, one
accusing the other of using a revolver, the
other accusing him of wielding a knife.

George Azza of 105 Washington street
énd Cons:anti Kahlit had guns. ‘The last |
famed had his revolver hidden in hia boot-
eg when he was arrested, He said he had

ho home in this city and that he lived in |

New Haven,

: None of the prisoners would make any

fatement, but the police took it for granted
at the row was another fracds over the

differences that exist in the Syrian Church
in this city,

\
TWENTY SHOTS IN SYRIAN ROW. |
\

arter

‘

 

' ARMY AND NAVY FOOTBALL GAME, |
apbecial trains via Pennsylvania Railroad for the |
Noreen Navy Football Game at Princeton, {
via pe ver 2; special trains will leave New York, |
rani y ante Railroad, at 10:25 and 11:25 A, M.. |
Mediaters: noeeh to Princeton, and returning Im-
on speci acre ame: Hound trip tickets, good

nd all re is, W
MU rate of $2.15 from New Sork.—cidre ambit: ie
Cineevensnnak

The Train of the Century

's the Twentleth Ce j
1 Century Limited, the 18-4

yee etween New York and Chicago by "She |

} rk Central Lines. Leave New York 8:30

MM, “hic,
Mas. Arrive Chicago 8:30 next morning—a night's

| Smiths without the courts taking a h
butif you insist I have no serious objection;”

 

BRIDE DYING FROM HAZING,

Foo! Friends Subject Young Couple t
Treatment That Causes Serious Shock.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind,, Nov, 24.—Mrs, Frank

Felker, the one day bride of a popular

young man, is dying from the effects of

hazing last night,

Felker was married at
Wednesday and brought hia bride home
last night, They left the train about two
miles west of the city, where a carriage was
in waiting and drove to their home on the
south side, but before they could enter
the house a crowd of friends seized the
bridegroom and bound him fast to a dray.

The bride evaded the hazers, but was
found a short time afterward in the housa
of a neighbor, where she was hiding behind
a bed, She, too, was seized and placed
on the dray beside her husband, both being
bound hand and foot. In this position they
were hauled through the principal streets
of the city, the hazers yelling like maniacs.
The police made no attempt to interfere.

At the new home of the couple the hazers
turned everything upside down, placing
the kitchen furniture in the parlor and the
parlor furniture in the kitchen, filling the
stoves with dishes and bric-d-brac and
otherwise putting the establishment in con-
fusion,

CONVICTS BLOW UP PRISON GATE,

Danville, Ill,

 

Kill Guard, Wound Others and Escape
“AIL Recaptured--One Will Die.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Nov. 24.—Five

; armed convicts at the State Penitentiary

killed Guard Charley Clay, fatally wounded
Capt. Allison and shot
See in the arm, after which they blew up
the front gate of the prison and made their
escape in a wagon which they seized, using
the driver as a shield against the bullets
of the pursuers.

Clay was killed at the big gate. After

Deputy Warden |

JIT WILL BE A LOCK CANAL,

 

he was shot Harry Vaughan, the ring- |

leader, placed a charge of dynamite under
it, blowing the gate to pieces. The con-
viets darted through and ran south,
pursued by guards. A block from the
prison they seized a wagon and, whipping
up the horses, drove rapidly out into the
country, A well directed shot dropped
one of the convicts from the wagon. A
running fight followed and all the convicts
were recaptured.
recaptured. His wounds are mortal.

MIXED HIS HOLIDAY. DATES.

 

 

Tar Consolidated His a Story of a Trader
Who Just Missed Going Broke.

A Thanksgiving story of undoubted
veracity came out of the Consolidated Ex-
change yesterday. A prominent trader had
a balance sheet on Thursday morning show-
ing a considerable sum due the Clearing
House. The trader has m@ans, and could
have met the debt withont difficulty, but
failed to show up when the exchange
opened.

He would have been sold out under the
rulss and suspended if one of his friends
hadn't called him up just in‘time. Accord-
ing to the friend, who told the story after-
ward, the broker was sitting in an easy
chair smoking a pipe before the fire and
reading a book. Just how this could bea
ascertained over the telephone didn’t ap-
pear. At any rate, the broker was warned
of his peril.

“Why, I thought it was Thanksgiving,”
he exclaimed. .

GIRL IN JAIL WITH MEN,

Virginia Judge Finds Shocking Conditions
in Woodstock.

RicHMOND, Va., Nov, 24.

 

At Woodstock

| to-day Circuit Judge Thomas W. Harrison

of Winchester, presiding over the Novem-
ber term of the Circuit Court of Shenan-
doah county, left the bench and made a
personal inspection of the Woodstock Jail,
where he found pretty Maude Nicholson,
18 years old, recently sentenced for three
months for shoplifting, herded with several
male prisoners. The girl pleaded with the
Judge and he took her own recognizance.
The Judge immediately issued a rule against
the Board of County Supervisors to show
cause why a proper jail should not be
erected,

It ia said that it has been the habit for some
time, because of the insufficient accommo-
dations in the Woodstock Jail, not to enforce
the separation of the sexes,

DISBARMENT FOR GRAVES.
Accused Brooklyn Lawyer May Be Pro-
hibited Fron Practice for Five Years.

The report of County Judge Walter H.

Jaycox of Suffolk county es referee in the
charges made by the Brooklyn Bar Associa-

 

| tion against Horace Graves, a well known

lawyer, have been filed in the office of the

| Appellate Division in Brooklyn and_ will

come up for confirmation on Monday. It

as agent for Mrs, Elizabeth D. White of
570 Quincy street, collected rents amounting
to $488, but only turned over $100. The
referee finds that Mr. Graves failed to give
any satisfactory explanation of the trans-
actions, and he recommends that he be pro-
hibited from practising law for five years.

 

Fifty Saved by Hreeches Buoy.
Cnicaco, Nov. 24—The passengers and
crew of the steamer Argo, fifty persons,
faced death this afternoon at Holland, Mich.,
where the steamer went ashore. All were

| taken off with a breeches buoy except Capt.
| Stewart,

who remained on board. The
passengers included a number of women
and children.

Thus the Great Smith Family Grows.

Cuicaco, Nov. 24.—John Anderson had
his name changed yesterday to John Smith.
There were so many Andersons that he
wouldn't be missed, and so many Smiths
that one more wouldn't make much differ-
ence, argued Judge Walker in granting

the request.
“It seems the Lord has made enough
a hand,

said Judge Walker.

 

i. C, Jameson's Auto Driver Arrested.

Edwin C. Jameson, president of the Globe
and Rutgers Fire Insurance Company,
was riding north on Broadway in his auto-
mobile last night when his driver was ar-
rested for speeding at Bay sy street.
The driver was taken to the West Sixty-
eighth street station house, where Mr,
Jameson gave bail for him.

 

 

Morgan Appoluts Monte Cutter.
State Superintendent of Elections George
W. Morgan yesterday appointed Monte
Cutler, @ newspaper man, secretary to
the department, in place of Frank Hughes,
who recently resigned.

 

Russell Sage Keeps to the House.

Russell Sage is slightly indisposed and for
several days has remained at his home,
682 Fifth avenue, Dr. John P, Munn, his
physician, said last night that Mr. Sage
was in excellent health.

Insist upon having Burnett's Vanille.—4ce.

 

Vaughan was shot and |

| lock

 

 
  
 

 

THE FINAL DECISION TO BE AN-
NOUNCED BY DEC, 15,
Foreign Members of the Board of Cone
sulting Engineers, Who All Voted for
a Sea Level Canal, Are Disgruntled
and Feel Their Work Was Wasted.

WASHINGTON, Noy, 24.—The foreign mem-
bers of the board of consulting engineers
on the Panama Canal, {lve in all, who to a
man were in favor of a sea level canal when
the vote was taken last week, may seek
to arrange with the members of the board
who voted for a lock canal some compro-
mise plan for constructing the waterway,
The sharp criticism of the decision for a
sea level canal, which involves from five
to ten years more time and millions more
dollars, has set the foreign contingent
on edge. What hurts most of all, it seems,
is the classifioation of a sea level plan under
the head of the'“foreign canal,” and the
waterway as the American canal,

 

 

Chief ef Sta! There Murdered and Other
OMecers Wounded,

Speclal Catle Despatch to THE SUN,
St, PETERSBURG, Noy, 24,.—It ia reported

, that the Black Sea fleet has mutinied.

 

The question as to what kind of canal will |

be built has already been sufficiently an-
swered, and it is now practically certain
that a lock canal, of an undetermined
Jevel, will be constructed.

The foreign members of the board are

| duly aware of this plan, and they have a

feeling that their work has gone to waste.
It is known that one or two of the members
from across the ocean would be very willing
to devise what would be called a compro-
mise plan, which would provide for a canal
of minimum level, possibly thirty or forty
feet. This idea is being discussed and

| may he carried out.

The board held its last meeting to-day
and next week the foreign members will sail
for home. The American members will
leave Washington soon and within a week
it is expected that only the members who
live in Washington will be left. The entire
board, accompanied by Secretary Taft,

| went to the White House to-day and bade
| farewell tothe President

One of the most interesting features of
the work of the board of consulting en-

| Bineers is that the minority report, which

more Useful than the report of the majority.
Alfred Noble, chief engineer of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad, has the task of preparing
the minority report. Mr. Noble is one of
the most prominent engineers of the board,
and the report which he will prepare will
practically determine the lines upon whieh
the plans for the canal will be drawn.

This report will be considered by the
commission and Chief Engineer Stevens.
It will possibly be revised on some points
and a number of changes will probably
be made, but as a whole the report will
guide the commission toward an ultimate
decision, The majority report will be
received, but if the present plan to build a
lock canal is adopted the majority report
will not figure much in future discussions,

The preliminary reports, both majority
and minority, will be prepared by a-
ber 15. There will probably be future
meetings of the American members here,
and the next meeting of the foreign mem-
bers will be held in January, probably in
Brussels.

While neither of the reports of the con-
sulting board has been made public, some
of the figures and estimates have become
known. It is shown that if a sea level
canal is built it will be necessary to exca-
vate 102,088,174 cubio vards of solid rock.
This is 17,848,640 cubic yards more than
will be necessary if a lock canal, such as is
favored in the minority report, is adopted

| as the best type. To excavate these 17,848,-

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
!
{
\
|
|
}
|
|
|

640 cubie vards of rock, which are below
sea level, would take five vears, and that
after the rock above had been taken out
and carried away. The cost would surely
he $5 a cubic yard, thus making the total
extra cost on this point alone practically
$90,000,000,

REVIVAL

3,000 Persons Take Part Despite Rain
— Meeting Follows Burlesque Show.
PaTERSON, N. J., Nov. 24.—Three thou-
sand evangelists, led by the Rev. J. Wilbur
Chapman and accompanied by a_ brass
band, paraded through Market and Main
streets from the Market Street Methodist
Episcopal Church to the Bijou to-night,
concluding the demonstration with a mid-
night service at the burlesque playhouse.
It was the climax to the first week of evan-
gelistic work in this city and was by far
the most remarkable demonstration yet
eld.
H Hy as Many women as men took part
in the parade. A light rain did not deter
the women. The paraders as they marched
through the streets sang “Oh, That Will

 

 

PARADE IN PATERSON,

 

4 4 ' Be Glory,” and men and women who lined
was alleged that Mr. Graves, while acting | Fe arab s

|
|
|
|
|
|

the sidewalks joined in the ranks.

The Bijou was too small to hold a half
of the throng that fought for admission
and a big squad of police was kept busy.
A burlesque show had just been concluded
when the evangelists arrived and took
possession of the stage. The burlesque

irls were invited to take seats in the boxes,
They did so and joined in the singing of
Dr. the service

Chapman led

hymna. J ,
urging upon his hedrers the neceet Ly of
resisting the temptations to sin. Dr. Chap-

man said that the success of the evangelistic
movement thus far had greatly exceeded
his most sanguine expectations. The
whole city, he said, seemed to have joined
in the movement.

PARADE IN JERSEY CITY, TOO,

Over 1,000 men &nd women marched
last night from the Parmly Baptist Me-
morial Church, in Grove street, Jersey City,
to the Bon Ton Theatre, in Newark avenue,
where they Arenas 800 more persons who
had gathered to attend a late service con-
ducted by Dr. Chapman and his band of
revivalists.

The national staff band of Saivation Army
headquarters headed the procession. The
soldiers sang as they marched along the
muddy pavement. In the line were minis-
ters, old women, young society girls and
Salvation Army women. any carried
umbrellas. Several evangelists were kept
busy inviting late pedestrians lined up
along the curb to drop in line, and many
accepted the invitation.

"he paraders reached the theatre at 11
o'clock, half an hour after the show closed.
A few performers took a lively interest
in the service “from their hiding places
behind the scenes. Dr. Walton read the
Bible lesson and made a short address, Tho
meeting closed at midnight.

 

i
The Chino-Japanese Negotiations.

Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE Sun.
PEKIN, Nov. 24.—The reply of the Chinese
Government to the Japanese propositions as
to the Manchurian railways and other mat-
ters growing out of the Russo-Japanese
treaty is expected to be made on Wednes-
day or Thursday. The plenipotentiaries
were in session to-day from 4 to 6 P, M,
Prince Ching was absent owing to sickness.

EXPRESS

NEW WASHINGTON
Vie Pennsylvania Raliroad, beginning November
26; leave New York at 6:55 P. M, daily, arrive Balti-
more 10:27 P. M., arrive Washinglon 11:30 P, M.

 

Parlor cars, dining car and coaches.—Adr
’ a

ee

 

SEE a nnn nD De aa enna Ea STE EEE CS

 

|
|

s f |
President Roosevelt requested, willbe far | ada.

Part of the Sevastopol garrison has mu-
tinied and killed the chief of staff and
wounded other officers.

 

RUSSIAN INVESTORS SCARED.

Many Seiling Securities and Declare They
Will Leave the Country.
Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THe SuN,

LONDON, Nov. 25.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Standard says that
uneasiness has reawakened and is causing
irrational fright among investors, a num-
ber of whom have gone to the banks in-
sisting upon selling their securities, what-
ever the market price,and buying letters
of credit with the proceeds. Several de-
clared their intention of quitting Russia
and residing abroad indefinitely.

The correspondent ascribes the seare to
the strikes at Moscow and Rostoff and
the troubles brewing at Nevastopol, The
strikes at Moscow are numerous, although
of minor importance, but they are uni-
versal at Rostoff, where all the mills and
shops are closed and traffic stopped.

Official telegrams from Sevastopol have

 

 

 

1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

¢ SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1005.

_-

Rain to-day, followed by fair; fair and

 

 

 

Bullding Leased for 9 Years and Safe

HE HASN'T INDORSED PARSONS |22t774a-# oer ow sr. saves.

THE PRESIDENT'S ATTITUDE ON
THE COUNTY CHAIRMANSHIP.
He Desires Only That the Man Selected
Shall Be Clean and Independent and
Capable of Bringing to His Support
All the Honest Republicans of New York

 

WasHinaoton, Nov. 24.—Rumors that
President Roosevelt has indorsed the can-
didacy of Congressman Herbert E. Parsons
for the chairmanship of the New York
county Republican committee, which seem
to have been purposely circulated, are not
true. The President has indorsed nobody.
While circumstances involving the good of
the party may convince the President that
he should take a more, active part than he is
taking in the New York political situation,
his present attitude is that he should occupy
a neutral position at this time, going only
as far as to assist in a general way by his
advice in the reorganization of the party in
his State.

There has been much misunderstanding
of the policy which the President is pur-
suing in connection with the selection of
the county committee’s chairman. It has
been told in a Washington despatch to
THE Sun that he regards this office as the
According

caused the gravest apprehensions. The | er to ue State eer wih what
rrespondents suggest that the fears | $0 those who are acquaintec
ee eRe se . has passed between the President and

are possibly colored by panic, but assert
that the conditions at the port are un-
questionably extremely disquieting.

 

JEW FUND NEARS $800,000.

864,000 Added Vesterday A Third 820,
O00 Kron Philadelphia.

With subscriptions of $65,570.06 added
yesterday to the fund for the relief of the
Jews in Russia, the total amount tunred
over to the general committee is $798,064.20,

Philadelphia sent a third $20,000, Cleve-
land a third contribution of $5,000, Pittsburg
added $2,000, Providence (R. [.), a second
$1,000, the Independent Order of Brith
Abraham gave $2,000, Boston $5,000, the
Forward Association $1,000, Toronto, Can-
2,000,

Jacob Sehiff yesterday received the fol-
lowing cable from Sir Samuel Montagu:
answer by telegraph or
and letters. Rothschild
through British

Cannot obtain
mail to telegrams
and self telegraphing again
Diplomatic channels,

To date Mr. Schiff has sent nearly $800,000
to Lord Rothschild for distribution.

The first district of the Brai Brith, which
inclides New York and New England,
pledged itself to contribute $5,000, Al-
ready double that amount has baen raised
by the order despite the fact that many
members have made private subscriptions,

 

Taousands Stil on Strike.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
St. PETERSBURG, Noy. 24.--The Ministry
of Commerce and Labor has issued the first
table of strike statistios, which shows that

‘710,000 workmen oheyed the order to strike

on November 15 and that 10,000 remained
out after the stmke had been officially de-
clared at an end on November 20. ‘To-day,
the table shows, 23,000 men are on strike in
St. Petersburg and 51,620 in Moscow.

 

NOT RESIGNED,

BALFOUR HAS

 

British Premier Tikely to Stay in) OMee
Until End of Year.
Spectal Cahle Despatch to TRE SUN
Lonpon, Noy. 24. -No official announce-
ment followed the meeting of the Cabinet
to-day, but it is evident that the Ministry
will not resign immediately

Custom prescribes, in the event of a

| decision to abandon office, that the Prime

Minister ask an audience of the sovereign
without delay to acquaint him of the in-
tention. Prime Minister Balfour, after
the meeting did not seek the King, hut

left London for the week end.

The solution of the crisis is atill a matter
of conjecture. It is generally believed
that Mr. Balfour will hold on for the re-
mainder of the vear and dissolve Parlia-
ment early in January without a meeting
of that body. Another Cabinct meeting
is fixed for Dacember 1,

FILIPINO BOY

KILLS TEACHER.

Victim's Wife, Also a Teacher,
is Wounded,
Special Cable Despatch to Tu¥® Sun

MANILA, Novy. 24.--Clarence Allen, princi-
pal of the public school at Ormoec, was
stabbed and killed this week by a fifteen-
year-old Filipino boy, a pupil in the school
and a member of a prominent family of
the town. Allen's wife, whois a teacher
in the school, was slightly wounded. The
killing occurred at the school while Allen
was assisting his wife to control the pupils
in the room of which she had charge.

The boy was arrested, but a native justice
of the peace released him, fixing bail at a
small sum. The prisoner has since been
rearrested and is held without bail.

The American colony is aroused over the
murder, which is denounced as the outcome
of a political feud in which the parents of
the boy murderer are leaders. Vice-Gover-
nor Ide to-day directed the local author-
ites to prosocute the case without delay.

It is unofficially reported that residents
of the village had stoned the school house.

American

 

MAY START OCEAN RATE WAR,

 

Hamburg-American Line Quits the Trans
atlantic Agreement.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

BERLIN, Nov. 24.—As a result of the
quarrel between the Hamburg-Amerman
and North German Lloyd Steamship com-
jainies the former has withdrawn from the
transatlantic combination and will prob-
ably cancel its agreements with the North
German Lloyd in reference to the Cuban,
Mexican and China services. The action of
the Hamburg-American Company is likely
to break up the Atlantic pool, leading to a

rate Way. ~

~~ A
VELLOW FEVER SPREADS.
Two New Cases Discovered in Havana

One American Stricken,

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
Havana, Nov. 24.—T'wo new cases of yei-
low fever were discovered to-day. One of
the patients is an American, who was re-
moved from the same store whence Mabel
Israel, the young American girl, who died
from the disease on Tuesday, was removed.
It is understood that the other patient was
taken from a hotel.,

Thus far there has been a total of sixteen

cases, ,

, Deerfoot Farm Sausages.
Made of the tender meat of little pigs and choice
spices. You have never tasted perfect sausage un-
less you bave tried them, Beware of |mitations, ade

 

|
|
|

New York Republican leaders in the last
ten days, Mr. Roosevelt is anxious to have
as the county committee's chairman a
man of firm convictions, independent,
clean and capable of bringing to his support
all the honest Republicans in New York.
He is represented as not being in favor of
a man who is bound hand and foot to any
particular faction.

This does not mean that a candidate who
is indorsed by any of the big leaders would
be regarded as a factional candidate, On
the contrary, the indorsement of Congress-
man J. Van Vechten Olcott by Senator
Platt is not regarded by the President as
making him the choice of any faction, for
the President believes that Mr. Olcott is
just the type of man who would make a
splendid leader in New York county and an
excellent head of the county committees,
and the fact that Senator Platt has com-
mended him is taken as evidence that he
is the kind of man the party needs to assist
in its reorganization. The idea of the
President, as it is understood here, is that
the county committee's chairman should
not be subject to that sort of bossism which
would make him merely a figurehead and
the representative of one particular leader
or group of leaders, It is maintained that
in the President's opinion he should b2 able
and willing to serve the party as a whole.

There were rumors to-day that Congress-
man Parsons was Mr. Odell's man. These
created some surprise in Washington and
set Republicans to wondering whether
Mr. Odell had been responsible for the
announcement of Mr, Parsons's candidacy.
It is certain that the President and those
here who are keeping in touch with the
New York party situation had no suspicion
that Mr. Odell was behind Mr. Parsons.
They regarded Mr. Parsons as a very inde-
pendent sort of person, inclined on occasion
to be too independent, it was said, and not
the man to make a compact with a politician
like the chairman of the Republican State
committee. If Mr. Parsons is Mr. Odell's
selection he forget to mention the fact
when he was here this week; and Mr. Odell
has not made it known to party leaders
in Washington that he wants Mr. Parsons
chosen, Should the wishes of those in the
national capital who have the interests
of the Republican party at heart
lowed by the members of the New York
county committee no man who is merely
an Odell figurehead or the obedient servant
of any boss will get the chairmanship of
that organization.

Efforts have been made to get the Presi- |

dent to express a preference for some’ one
New York Republican whose name has
been suggested for chairman of the county
committee, but he haggtieclined to do so.
The most he has said is that certain men
were of the type that should be chosen,
The President is credited with the opinion
that Congressman Parsons fitted that type,
but, it is said, there was no idea in the Presi-
dent's mind at the time that opinion was
formed that Mr. Parsons was the candidate
of a mere faction. Among the half dozen
or more men prominent in New York city
politics whose names have been brought
to the President's attention in connection
with the efforts to select the head of the
county committee, he has, it is understood,
named these as conforming to the type
which he has defined as necessary to the
requirements of the office: J. Van Vechten
Olcott, Job Hedges and William G. Cohen.
The opinion in administration circles,
which may be taken to reflect President
Roosevelt's views, is that if an able man,
capable of bringing about him all the best
elements of the Republican party in New
York county, becomes chairman of the
county committee, the work of improving
the conditions with which the party in the
State at large is confronted will be greatly
simplified, as the State organization is too
dependent upon the county organization
to work contrary to its policies. Once
the county committee is formed on prin-
ciples that will commend support and
respect, the matter of bettering the State
organization, it is maintained, can be taken
u

any one of the men
named above would probably be able to
make the county committee all that
should be from a partv standpoint.

party circles hore:

 

McCaddon Case Again Argued.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

be fol- |

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

|

 

|
|
|

Pp. ; ; ;
According to the view in Republican | prophet Elijah 1L., is in town.

|

it | of Elijah I1.,

LONDON, Nov. 24,—Horace Avory, K. (., |

addressed the magistrate in the Bow street

Deposit Col Sold to Local Company.

Sr. Louis, Mo., Nov. 24.—The Equitable
Life Assuranoe Society has leased ita ten
story building, Sixth and Locust streets, to
a local syndicate for ninety-nine years, on
a basis of a valuation of $1,250,000.

The Missouri Safe Deposit Company,
on the first floor, has been sold to a com-
pany of local bankers and capitalists.

In recent litigation relative to the affairs
of the Safe Deposit Company it was shown
that this business originally belonged to
the Hyde estate and that it was sold to the
Equitable Life Assurance Society for half
a@ million,

MOTHER AND FIVE SLAINY

Husband and Father, Thought>to Be In-«
sane, Under Arrest. ¢

INDEPENDENCE, Ia., Nov. 24,—Fleeing
from the home in which his wife and five
children were murdered with a sledge-
hammer, William McWilliams, a supposed
madman, was arrested here to-night,
charged with the deed.

The children range from 3 to 18 years.
Although McWilliams strongly denies his
guilt, circumstanoes point strongly to him.
A suit of clothes, which he discarded before
leaving the farm, has been found dripping
with blood.

Evidently the mother had been killed
while preparing the noon meal, for when
the bodies were found food was on the stove
cooking. Her skull was crushed. Then
she had been savagely attacked with a
knife, After her murder the children had
evidently been called in one by one and
murdered in a similar manner.

 

 

 

 

BABY KILLED IN: WRECK.

Mother’s Arms—Engineer Dies
From His Injuries.

Boston, Nov. 24.—A passenger train
from Clinton to Boston collided with a
freight train near Wayland station on the
Boston and Maine Railroad this after-
noon, killing a baby and an engineer, and
seriously injuring four others,

Pauline Adams, aged 1 year, daughter
of Ernest Adams of Worcester, was torn
from her mother’s arms by the impact
and was crushed to death in the débris.
The mother was injured internally and
severely cut. John Cliford, the passenger
engineer, died in an hour from his hurts,

The accident is believed to have been
due to an open switch.

CADETS FIRED FOR HAZING,
eae

Iee Water and Battery Make Victim Une
conscious antl Nearly Kill Him.

CurcaGo, Nov, 24.—Eleven cadets were
dismissed from the Culven (Ind.) Military
Academy yesterday for hazing. One
of the students made the following written
statement:

“The hazers put Cadet Fee in a tub of
ioe water and placeda dry battery with one
of the conductors in the water. Then they
made the cadet grasp the other conductor,
and turned the battery on.

“The cadet could not let go. He was
unconscious for twenty minutes, and only
by vigorous rubbing was he brought to

 

Torn From

 

 

 

life. Fifty cadets saw it.”
A CORNER IN TURKEYS,
Trainioads of Holiday Provender Sent

Kast From Kentucky.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Noy. 24.—A corner in

turkeys all over Kentucky, said to have |
been éngineered hy the Armours two weeks |
j the name of the Hon. Jacob Van Veokten

ago, was to-day visible in Cincinnati in
the trainloads of fat gobblers sent to Boston
by express. Yesterday a special train of
five cars loaded with Kentucky gobblers
left Cincinnati. To-day a train of nine cars
was sent out, and other trains still heavier
in tonnage are scheduled. It is estimated
that each car holds 2,000 turkeys, which
means a total of about 80,000 to 100,000
turkeys for the Boston market.

 

! is not alone a local one,

 

; to.oust Boss Odell as chairman of the Re-

colder to-morrow.

SE

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

OLCOTT OPENS HEADQUARTERS

STARTS HIS FIGHT TO HEAD THE
COUNTY COMMITTEE,

 
  
  
 

 

Has Already 308 of the 714 Delegates
Pledged to Him—Comes Out With a
Promise if Elected to Know No Come
mand Except That of the Committee,

Representative J, Van Vechten Olcott;
who was advised by the most eminent
Republicans in the party to lead the fight
in New York county against Odell and
Odellism and who has the unqualified sup-
port of the independent Republicans of
more than usual prominence, opened
headquarters in the Gilsey House yester-
day. It is from these headquarters that
Representative Olcott will conduct his fight
to be elected president of the New York
Republican county committee,

It was from these headquarters also that
William Travers Jerome conducted his
victorious fight against Boss Murphy and
Boss Odell, and it was learned last night
that Representative Oleott has already
pledged to him positively the support of
308 delegates to the county convention which
is to name the next president of the county
committee on December 21, There are 714
delegates to the convention,

From this time on Representative Oloott;
aided by the eminent Republicans at whosa
request he stepped firat to the firing line,
will consult with delegates from every
district in the county. As the fight goes
on, it was said last night, each delegate
will be talked with. The fact that Repre-
sentative Oleott has already 808 votes
pledged to him, and the convention is not
until December 21, showed conclusively
the strength of Mr. Olcott with Republicans
of high and humble degree.

Representative Oleott has sant a letter
to each delegate to the convention in which
he says:

“If I am elected I will earnestly desire
the cooperation of every member of the
committee, so that, acting together, success
may come to the party and its affairs may
be managed free from outside domination.

“I beg to say that if elected I will know
no command except that of the committee.*

Representative Olcott's battle to redeem
New York county from Odell and Odellism,
well known Republicans made it plain
last night, is but the beginning of the fight

publican State committee. The fight put
up by Representative Oleott and his friends
it was added, but
is to have far reaching results in the State,

The Republicans of the Nineteenth dis-
trict, Representative Olcott's district, had
an enthusiastic meeting last night, all the
delegates to the county convention, thirty-

seven, heing present. Representative
Oleott made a rousing speech, and de-
clared: “I have a sufficient number of

delegates pledged to me already to make
my election certain.” The delegation
adopted the following fesolutions:
Resolved, That the political conditions which
ex presaed themselves in the recent Mayoralty
election in carrying against the Republican

| candidate every Republican Assembly district

in New York county with a single exception,
where his plurality amounted only to twelve
votes, were signifleant of such a want of
confidence in the party management as to
render such changes necessary as will re-
cover to the Republican party at least the
support of its own natural adherents.
Resolved, That asa step in this direction we
shall present to the Republican county com-
mittee at ifs initial meeting in December
as a candidate for president of the committee

Oleott, assured by his long residence in this
dictriet, by the active and influential part
that he has taken in party and public affairs,
by his fine integrity, his high personal inde-
pendence, his large executive ability and
his broadminded Republicanism that he
possesses every qualification of suecessful
leadership.

Resolved, That the platform upon which

Another | Mr. Olcott is presented by us to our fellow

huge consignment goes to Providence, R. I. | delegates, as outlined by himself with our

TOOK $1,000 WORTH OF SILK.
Salesman for a New York Silk Importer
Arrested in Washington.
WaASsHINGTON, Noy, 24.—Jacob Silverman,

a salesman employed by Samuel Lower-
scheimer, a New York silk importer, was

 

 

| arrested here to-night by the local police

on information received from New York
charging Silverman with the theft of $1,000
worth of silk from Lowerscheimer's es-
tablishment. The New York authorities
have been informed, and Silverman, who
acknowledges taking the goods, will re-
turn without requisition,

MARSHALL FIELD, JR. BETTER.

Doctors Say He Has Passed the Crisis and
Will Probably Recover.

Culcaao, Noy. 24.—Late to-night the
cheering news was given out that Marshall
Field, Jr., had apparently passed the crisis
and that his recovery was almost assured,
Doctors Bevan and Billings, who had held
a consultation in the sick chamber late
to-night, gave out a bulletin to the effect
that the patient had shown marked im-
provement. during the afternoon and early

evening.
DOWIE, JR. IN TOWN.

Here to Awalt the Arrival of the Prophet
From Havana.

Alexandér John Gladstone Dowie, the

unkissed one, and a son of that mighty

 

 

 

 

ping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, His busi-
ness in New York is to await the arrival
who is on his way here from
Havana.

So far as could be learned at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel last night Gladstone is still
unkissed. He would not be interviewed.

 

 

‘
Bainbridge Colby Not tn Town.

extradition court to-day, in defence of in Bainbridge Colby, for whom, it is said,

Joseph T. McCaddon, the circus proprietor, a subpoena has been issue! by the insurance |

who is under arrest on a French warrant gc- investigating committee, is not stopping
cusing him of fraudulent bankruptey. Mr. | at his city residence, 41 East Sixty-fourth

Avory contended that i€ | SewanigUe ea Rpengas™ n
those charged against MecCaddon were | r, Colby and his family are still at their

charged against him under the British bank- | country place near New Rochelle.

ruptcy lawa the case would be dismissed,
The magistrate reserved his decision till
Monday.

W. J. Bryan at Pekin.
Spectul Cable Despatch to THK SUN
PEKIN, Noy. 24.—Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Bryan, with their son, William, and daugh-
ter, Grace, arrived in Pekin at 7 o'clock this
evening. They will make their residence
in their car.

 

Join Scott Burdon-Sanderson Dead.
Special Cable Despatc” to THE Sun,
LONDON, Nov, 24.—Sir John Scott Burdon-

Sanderson, a noted medical authority, who

was regius professor of medicine at Oxford

University from 1805 to 1004, died to-day.

Sir

 

 

 

 

By Marcon! Wireless.

The French line steamship La Lorraine
from Havre was reported by the station at
Siasconset, Mass., at 10.40 o'clock yes-
terday morning. The steamship was then
seventy-five miles east of Nantucket Light-
ship and should be at her pier at 8:30 A.M.
to-day.

The American liner New York, west-
bound, was 170 miles east of Nantucket
lightship at 7:15 o'clock last night. She
should reach her dock this afternoon.

The steamship Minneapolis was 130 miles
east of Nantucket at 9.30 o'clock last night.

NEW PHILADELPHIA EXPRESS

Via Pennsylvania Rallroad, ginning Novem-
ber 27, Leave New York 0:25 A, M. week days.
Parlor car and toaches.—Adr.

He is stop- |
| people of our city.

ar es es

 

 

 

'

unanimous indorsement, is as follows.

That, without suffering himself to be sube
servient to individual or selfish irterests in
or out of the committee, without perinitting
himself to be the instrument ofa faction, he
will throw his influence, and, so far as he
can properly direct it, the influence of the
committee, in favor of those high party ideals
of men, measures and methods as find their
best illustration in the public service of
Theodore Roosevelt; and he will seek always
to maintain for the benefit of the local organ-
ization, for its greatest strength and harmony,

| those close relations between the national,

State and local organizations which are neo-
essary to the success of its work; that he
will devote himself heartily to the business of
the committee in order that as the ensuing
State election approaches the organization
of every election district throughout the
county may have increased its effectiveness.

Representative Herbert E. Parsons

selected yesterday as his campaign manager
Senator Alfred R. Page, who was the go-

| between all last winter and spring of Boss

Odell and Odell’s friends and William R.

Hearst. Senator Page issued another in-
terview for Representative Parsons as
follows:

“We asked Congressman Parsons to be
a candidate for chairman of the county
committee as representing these principles:

“First—That the county of New York
should exercise the same right that every
other county in the State claims, to choose
its own officers.

“Second—That the affairs of the party
in this county should be administered not
in the interest of the political supremacy
of any boss, but for the interest of the

“Third—That the test of political effi-
ciency should not be subserviensy to a

| boss, but a desire backed by intelligent

effort to serve the people.

“On this platform we appeal tothe Repub«
licans of this city irrespective of former
factional differences. We welcome the sup-
port of all who accept our principles. There
will be no compromise, nor will there ba
any dealing to obtain support,

“It may seem impossible to the author
r h —_
any political organization to exist without
the fostering care of a boss, but we do not
auticipate that we will be left in the lonely
position the Senator so pathetically pictures,
for we have a confident belief that there is
within thesRepublican party in this State
a sufficient number who believe with us
and will keep us company in our orphanage.

“We are not cutting loose from the Repub-
lican party either in the State or nation,
but we are trying to cut the Republican
party in this city away from influences
that have nearly stifled it.”

Senator Page's connection with Repre-
sentative Parsons brought out the in-
formation last night that Boss Odell had a
long talk with William Ealpin at the Repub-
hean Club last night and discussed the
advirability that both Odell and Halpin

'

 

eeteemnattinilc gl sasha eee ts i leet

ae ee ee re

ip ttecw