—s

, dence that the Russians have been convinced

 

“VOL, LEXIL—NO. 348. NEW YORK, MONDAY,

 

RUSSIANS ARE
SEEKING A LOAN.

new York Bankers to Visit the
Peace Envoys Now at
Portsmouth,

——_—_$_—_—__—

PROBABLY FOR INDEMNITY.

 

Way May Be Found to Pay Japan
and Still Save Russian Pride.

 

Mesers. Schiff, Straus and Seligman Exe
pected at the Scene of the Peace Con-
ference To-day—Envoys Did Not Hold
Sunday Seassion—Japs Wanted Time to
Consider Wording of the Agreement
on Corea—Feeling in Portsmouth More
Hopeful Than Ever That There Will Bo
Agreement at the Present Conference.

————_———_——

PortsmouTH, N. H., Aug. 13.—Never
einoe the envoys of Russia and Japan gath-
ered at Portsmouth were the prospects of
peace as bright as they are now. This
statement is not a mere conjecture, based
upon the fact that the plenipotentiaries
have reached the stage of discussion, in
itself a most hopeful sign, but upon the
knowledge that Ruasia is engaged, through
her envoys here, in efforts to raise money
whioh if successful would enable her to pay
an indemnity to Japan.

Jacob H. Schiff of the New York banking
house of Kuhn, Loeb & Co., and Messrs.
Straus and Seligman of the banking house
of J. & W. Seligman & Co. are expected here
to-morrow for the purpose of consulting
Mr, Witte and Baron Rosen with respect
to negotiating a loan to the Russian Gov-
ernment,

In the absence of an authoritative state-
ment on the subject there is unofficial evi-

from the first that they might ultimately be
compelled to remunerate Japan for the
expenditures to which that nation has been
put to prosecute the war.

This seems a rather bold assertion in the
face of the repeated declarations. -that
Russia would never pay a penny of indem-
nity. But there are more ways than one
of adjusting monetary differences between
warring countries with satisfaction to the
pride of the payee, and there can be no
doubt that the envoys who are here will be
able, if there is an honest attempt at agree-
ment, to arrange a basis for the payment
by Russia of part, at least, of Japan’s war
expenses in exchange for important conces-
sions by the Tokio Government. «

The action of the United States Govern-
ment in paying to Spain the sum of $20,000,-
000 to secure a bill of sale for Spanish Gov-
ernment works and ordnance materials in
the Philippines set an example which may
prove the foundation for an amicable ad-
justment of the differences between Russia
and Japan, although in this case the prin-
ciple would be reversed and the victor
Would return instead of retain the territory
or property he had captured and receive a
monetary consideration for his abandon-
ment of what he had secured by right of
conquest,

WITTE THB MAN TO NEGOTIATE A LOAN.

Reasons of prudence and good faith
require that certain important facts show-
ing that the negotiation of a Russian loan
has been and is ‘vontemplated shall not be
disclosed. For the present all that may
properly be disclosed is that the proposed
financial arrangement is not the outcome
of the note presented by the Japanese
envoys to Mr. Witte and Baron Rosen on
Thursday, in which the terms of the Tokio
Government were laid down. Russia had
evidently given consideration to the sub-
ject prior to the assembling of the Ports-
mouth conference and had approached
great banking houses in Paris and Antwerp
with a view to ascertaining whether a loan
of large size would be placed.

This knowledge brings up the question
whether the substitution of Mr. Witte for
Mr. Muravieff as the chief plenipotentiary
of Russia was not due to a decision on the
part of the St. Petersburg authorities that
the adjustment of the war with Japan
was not more a matter of money than of
diplomacy.

Mr. Muravieff is a diplomatist and a
jurist. Mr. Witte is primarily a financier.
In the negotiations of any great loan by
Russia he would naturally be the man
selected to act for his Government in deal-
ing with the money lenders. Mr. Muravieff
had been officially selected and his appoint-
ment announced, and the choice of Mr.
Witte in his place has never been satis-
factorily explained.- It was all the more
mysterious and strange in view of the fact
that Mr. Witte and Mr. Muravieff belong
to opposite factions in Russia.

It is a common saying among the Euro-
peans here that most of the members of
the Czar’s peace mission are Muravieff
men, while only a few are Witte men. This
does not mean that any member of the mis-
sion is not in accord with his distinguished
chief, but it merely emphasizes the fact
that in Russia Mr. Witte and Mr. Muravieff
are the leaders of different political in-
fluences, Mr. Witte was opposed to the
policy which produced the present war
with Japan; and he is now, as he recently
declared, heartily in favor of peace if it
can be arranged with honor to Russia.

The substitution then of the leader of

P iy i ee

Css

na Me

Sa 1 rw okt et ed ne Pee) ey

 

 

the peace party for a statesman of opposite
tendencies as the principal member of
the peace mission must be regarded in
iteelf as an evidence of the Czar's wish
that the Portsmouth conference should
not be abortive, but in view of the knowl-
edge that the negotiation of a heavy loan
iy contemplated through leading Amerioan
bankers with European connections it
attains a deeper significance, which the
reader will not fail to grasp.

Beyond what has been said above there
is nothing to add that will lead to a clearer
understanding of the situation, It is
sufficient to say that the Russian peace
mission {s apparently seeking the advice
and aid of great American and European
bankers prior to the discus#ion with the
Japanese envoys of the condition made
by Japan that Russia shall remunerate
the Tokio Government for the vast pe-
cunlary expenditures to which it has been
put in the prosecution of the war. More
light will be shed on the situation after
the arrival here of Mesers. Schiff, Seligman
and Straus.

In the meantime the peace conference
will go on unless some unexpected obstacle
appears, and while it cannot be safely pre-
dicted now that a treaty will ultimately
be made, the prospect of success is very
bright indeed.

NO SUNDAY BESSION,

In their session yesterday the Russian
and the Japanese peace envoys got on
much better than was understood from the
information obtainable last night. As THE
Sun said this morning, they devoted them-:
selves to the consideration of the first
article of the Japanese conditions, which
is that Russia acknowledge and recognize
Japan’s preponderance of influence in
Corea,

It leaked out to-day, that far from getting
into a serious dispute, the adversaries did
not materially differ upon the question.
at issue, The Russian plentopotentiaries
showed a disposition to agree to the prin-
ciple of what had been proposed by the
Japanese, and when the session ended the
four envoys had in effect reached an agree-
ment. They could not, however, reconcile
differences as to the proper phraseology
of the article dealing with Corea and it was
the intention to meet again this afternoon
for the purpose of attempting to agree
upon verba! terms that would satisfy both
sides.

But there was no meeting of the pleni-

potentiaries to-day. Most people here
supposed that the change in plan was due
to_a decision of the envoys that it would
be well to rest one day in the week,
The failure to hold a conference was the
result, however, of a note which Mr. Witte
sent to Baron Komura last night in regard
to the difference over the phraseology of
the agreement reached at yesterday’s long
session. After returning to the Went-
worth Hotel upon the conclusion of the
meeting Mr. Witte thought he saw a way
to phrase the article with satisfaction to
both Japan and Russia, and at 9 o'clock
he sent a note to Baron Komura in which
his harmonizing suggestion was made.
After examining this note Baron Komura
and Mr. Takahira decided that it required
an extended written response, and they
requested, therefore, that no session be
held to-day, in order to give them time
to prepare their views. Mr. Witte and
Baron Rosen courteously complied.

The next joint session of the envoys will
be held to-morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock.

ST. PETERSBURG PESSIMISM.

Belief That There Is No Hope of Agreement
at Portsmouth. *
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum SUM.

St, PeTersBusG, Aug. 18.—It is considered
here that both peace commissions in Porte-
mouth are now chiefly concerned o ver how
to make the failure of the negotiations the
least offensive to the United States and
other neutral Powers. Russia strongly
desires to avoid dama ging President Roose-
velt’s prestige inasmuch as she is really
indebted to him for an immense service.
Jagan undoubtedly has the same desire,
although it is oonsidered in diplomatic
circles that she rath er suffers by the whole
episode.

Some believe that the next session of the
conference will be the last. Others are in-
clined to think that several more meetings
will be held if for no other purpose than in
tribute to Roosevelt's desires and with a view
to a possible understanding on minor points
which will prove valuable when real peace
negotiatiéne are reached.

There is some sensitiveness in official
circles over the charge that Russia has
again shown perfidy in her diplomatio
methods, which was the true cause of the
present war, by disclosing the peace terms
at Portamouth in violation of the agree-
ment with the Japanese envoys. It is
even suggested at the Foreign Office to-day
that the truth may be that the terms are
much more severe than represented and
that the accepted version was allowed
to leak out by the Japanese in order to
conceal their more drastic character.

On the other hand, it must be remem-
bered that the present moment precisely
suits the purpose of the Russian Govern-
ment at the present stage of the domestic
crisis.

Lonpon, Aug. 14.—Petrunkevitch, a
prominent reformer who was conspicuous
at the zemstvo congress at Moscow, in an
interview with the St. Petersburg corre-
spondent of the Standard, said that although
peace was extiemely desirable, partizans
of peace at any price were extremely few.
He believed that Russia would ultimately
have to pay a hundred million pounds
sterling as indemnity under whatever
name it was called, increasing Russia's
nterest payments by five millions. This
was not beyond her resources and it was
without reason to regard the demand
humiliating.

“But,” he added, “the limitation of the
rights of sovereignty which the Japanese
geek to impose is humiliating, while the
cession of Sakhalin would be disastrous.
Hitherto I admit the possession of Sak-
halin and Vast Siberia has involved heavy
losses, but the people hope that the future

Will wi.ness, some retura for our outlay.

3.

|

The

ms vate yy ey
mn Lied gi ities

 

RUSSIAN ENVOYS AT CHURCH.

JAPS WERE EXPEOTED, BUT DID
NOT ARRIVE.

 

No Unusual Attendance at the Morning
Service in the Episcopal Church to
Greet the Diplomats— Quiet Day at the
Hotel—Wind Blows Away Meequitoes.

PortamoursH; N. H.; Aug. 18.—Nothing
much has been doing with the peace oon-
ference to-day except church. The Sun-
day afternoon session was called off early
in the day. The Japanese wanted to work,
Mr. Sato said, and besides it was Sunday.

The Russians attended the morning
service at Christ Episcopal Church, Kittery
Point, ina body. They did this upon in-
vitation of Father Charles Le V. Brine.

Baron Rosen and Mr. Witte started from
the hotel at 10 o’clook in an automobile.
With cheza was Prof. Maartens. The rest
of the party, in tall hate and frook coats,
followed in a hotel omnibus, A buckboard
full of Secret Service men brought up the
rear. The church wardens met the Rus-
sians at the door and escorted them to
seats at the left of the chancel.

It may be because Portsmouth is a church-
going town and most of the inhabitants
were at their own Sunday morning places
of worship, or it may be because the new
of the arrangements had not been spread.
At any rate, only the regular congregation
was present, and there was no crowding.
The oongregation before the Russians
entered numbered eight men and rather
more than 100 women.

Christ Church belongs to the extremely
high wing of the Episoopal faith. It prides
itaelf on ita elaborate services, ita fine church
and its vested choir. No sermon was
preached, and the only direct reference
made to the presence of the Russians came
just before the regular announcements,
when Father Brine looked toward the official

party and said: “Friends, I bid you wel-
come.”
There was, however, another subtle

reference in the second hymn. It is num-
bered 487 in the Episcopal Hymnal, was sung
yesterday morning to the tune of the Rus-
sian national anthem, and the words are as
follows:

Rise, crowned with light, Imperial Salem, rise;

Exalt thy towering head and lift thine eycs,

See heaven its sparkling portals wide display

And burst upon thee In a cloud of day.

See a long race thy apacious courts adorn,

Seo future sons and daughters yet unborn

In crowded ranks on cvery side arise

Demanding Hfe impatient from the skies.

See barbarous nations at thy gates attend,

Walk tn thy light, and in thy temple bend.

Scethy bright altars thronged with prostrate kings,

While every hand its joyous tribute brings.

The seas shall waste, the skies to smoke decay,

Rocks fall to dust and mountains melt away,

But fixed Mis word, His raving power, remains,

Thy realm shall last. Thy own Messiah reigns.
After the service the Russians waited in

the main aisle for Father Brine, who came

from the robing room and shook hands with

them all. The congregation lingered on

the lawn until the Russian suite passed out.

There was no demonstration.

JAPS DID NOT GET THERS.

The Japanese came pretty near getting
to Christ Church twice, but they never
arrived. They were expected in the morn-
ing. It was given out, however, that the
automobile which they had ordered failed
to arrive on time, so they gave up the trip
not wanting to come in late. Father Brine,
when he came to the hotel for his afternoon
service, said that the Japanese would be at
Christ Church in the evening. Conse-
quently the attendance last night was v little
above normal.

As a matter of fact; Minister Takahira
and Lieutenant-Commander Takeshita were
the only churchgoers in the Japanese
party. They left the hotel at 7 o’olock
in an automobile and were driven to the
Christian Church at Hittery, where they
were unexpected, but welcome. In the
language of a Japanese secretary “They
were made welcome by the priest and the
people.”

The ushers at Christ Church waited at the
door all through the services to welcome
the Japanese in case they should arrive
late.

QUIET DAY AT THE HOTEL.

It has been a bright and pleasant day
about the hotel. A shift of the wind has
blown the mosquitoes to some unfa vored
spot. It was time; the ofl of pennyroyal
had about given out. The sun is out, but
there is a cool breeze.

Anumber of weekend visitors have come
in, together with automobile parties galore.
The dining room was crowded to ite full
capacity at luncheon, There was a bank
of white, summery dresses on the broad
piazza all the afternoon. The hotel or-
chestra played eacred airs until 4 o'clock,
when Father Brine conducted a short service
for the gueste of the hotel in the ballroom.

Little was seen of either legation. The
Russians were running about the country
enjoying tfe fine day, and the Japanese
had already given as one of the reasons
for postponing the conference over Sunday
their desire to get in some work on their
counter reply. There is a good deal of
talk about the excellent discipline which
Baron Komura keeps in his suite. At
certain times, apparently, the order is given
to keep to their quarters, and never a
Japanese stirs. The smallest errand seems
to be done on the instant.

Some of the summer girls worked Lieu-
tenant-Commander Takeshita yesterday
for hat bands of the Japanese Navy, of
which he seems to have laid in a supply.
They are wearing them proudly on their
armaevthis afternoon, to the wonder of the
rest of the summer maidens and dowagers.

After church Baron Rosen and Mr. Witte
started by automobile for Rosen's country
home at Magnolia on Cape Ann. They
had miscalculated the distance. Fifteen
miles down\the road they learned that
Magnolia was yet two hours away. They
put about, therefore, toured through the
New Hampshire lanes for an hour or two
and returned to the hotel.

TOKIO’S DOUBT GROWS.

Inoreasing Belief There That the Peace
Conference Will Fail,
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tus Sun.

Tokio, Aug. 18.—As was expected, of-
ficiala here are impenetrably secretive
regarding the Japanese terms. No hint
is obtainable as to the acouracy or inac-
curacy of the reports whioh have been
published purporting to give the terms.

There is an increasing tendency to doubt
if a settlement will be reached. The pub-
llo fo impatiently awaiting the renewal of
operations in Manohuris.

Betas i ws BA Sony oh

AUGUST 14,

    

  
 
 
  

  

   

 

 

And @he Whacks Him With the Broom
When Her Husband Collars Him.

Mrs. Travis Whitney, who waa formerly
Miss Rosalie Loew of the New York bar,
was awakened at 1 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing in her home at 211 East Fifteenth street.
She nudged her husband. “I hear burglars
in the kitchen!” she whispered.

Her husband got out of bed and went into
the kitchen. In the dim light he saw a man,
who immediately started for the door
to the hall. Mr. Whitney grabbed him and
they struggled about the room, Mr.
Whitney seized a broom, and when an open-
ing offered whacked the intruder on the
head. He surrendered. Police Head-
quarters was notified by telephone and
Detective McMullen took over the prisoner,
who said he was Morris Weinstein of 128
Suffolk strect.

“I got into the wrong house by mistake,”
he said when he was arraigned in the
Yorkville police oourt. '

“From my experience at the bar I can
gay that such an explanation is a time-
worn excuse among these gentry,” said
Mrs. Whitney to Magistrate Wahle.

“You should bave stuck to the law, coun-
selor,” remarked the Magistrate.

“I am happier as I am,” she replied.
“I have a baby six months old, and it looks
just like its father.”

The Magistrate held the prisoner for
trial on a charge of burglary.

KILLED BY AUTO IN THE STREET.

Machine Is Run Away From the Scene and
Cannot Be Found.

A Polish farmhand, known to his em-
ployer as John Lietke, was killed in Jerome
avenue at 177th street at 2 o’clock yesterday
morning by an automobile, which escaped.
In the machine were five men, who never
stopped to see how badly the victim was
hurt. It was a two'seated maroon colored
car, but that is about all the police have to
work on. The detectives assigned to duty
at The Bronx detective bureau are trying
to find the automobilists.

Coroner Berry held an inquest last night
and examined Paul Ritter of 1864 Jerome
avenue, a witness of the killing. Ritter
was sitting on the stoop of his home when
he saw the automobile strike Lietke. The
machine kepton going, although one of the
men in it stood up and looked back. Ritter
thought the machine was painted maroon.

He ran up Jerome avenue until he found
Mounted Policeman Lake. He told him
what had happened. Leaving Ritter to
telophone for an ambulance, Lake galloped
his horse south on the avenue trying to
overtake the automobile. He rode a mile
and then gave it up, never even getting a
glimpse of the machine.

The ambulance surgeoh who attended
him said he died almost instantly, for his
neck was broken. Lietke was 28 years old
and a sober, industrious fellow. In his
pocketshe had citizenship papers made out
to Boleslows Pokorski. The man's death
stirred Coroner Berry to remark at the in-
quest that the fin in the automobile ought
to be hanged.

This is the second killing of this kind in
The Bronxin three weeks. The other victim
was a twelve-year-old boy. The owner
of the automobile that killed him has not
been arrested, and the police are as much
in the dark in regard to that case as they
are to the more recent one. &

SCREEN AS A. LIFE NET.

Little Anna Greer Falls Three Stories and
Feoapes Without Even a Bruise.

PatERson, N. J., Aug. 13.—It was hot
here this afternoon and when Mrs. Hugh
Greer, living on the third floor of 126 Fulton
street, put her three-year-old daughter
Anna to sleep she wheeled the bed near
the window, which was guarded by a acreen.
Anna was restless and tumbled against
the screen, which fell out and forced the
blinds open. Anna followed the screen,
which fell crosswise against the stoop and
the fence of the Greer home, forming a
net for the child.

The screen was smashed, but it broke
the child's fall and she was picked up une
hurt. An excited neighbor jumped into
the automobile of Dr. Francis H, Todd,
who was ministering to a patient near by,
and played the auto horn with as much
force as she could command. Dr. Todd
came out in a hurry from the bedside of
his patient and immediately went to the
Greer home, but found that Anna had not
gustained even a alight bruise from her
thirty-foot fall.

——
MAGNET BETTER THAN POLICE.

Prevents the Fieating Poolroom From
Getting Wireless Messages, It’s Said.
Cuicago, Aug. 13.—A large electric

magnet near the mouth of the Calumet

River may accomplish what the city and

State authorities have failed to do. It

may drive the gambling boat City of Trav-

erse from the lake When the magnet is
working, according to the South Chicago
police, it is impossible for the boat to receive
its wireless messages, they being inter-
cepted by the induction of the magnet.
The magnet is owned by the Illinois

Stee] Company and is used to lift large steel

plates. The work of lifting the plates

begins daily at 2 o’olock and continues

until 6 P. M.

While the magnet is idle between 1 and

2 o'clock no trouble is experienced in re-

ceiving the wireless messages on the boat,

but as soon as it begins operations the tickers
cease to work. This has been the case for
the Jast three days. The results of the
first race came without interruption, but
at 2 o'clock all messages are sidetracked.
An investigation will be oonducted by
the wireless company to ascertain whether
the magnet is the cause of interception of
the messages. If it is the City of Traverse
will give up ita operations in Indiana waters.

WHITE HOUSE, OLD HOTEL, BURNS

 

 

Proprietor, Family and Guests Have Nar-e
rew Escape From Flames.

The White House, a hotel at Clinton and
Division streets, which is ninety years old
or more, was partially destroyed by fire
early yesterday morning. Abraham Brouse,
the proprietor, got his wife and seven chil-
dren out just in time. His feet were
burned.

There were fourteen guests in the hotel
and some of them had to jump. People in
the street held blankets and caught them.
Jacob Schwartz, who had a room on the
third floor, jumped, struck an awning,
went through and broke an ankle.

 

“FEEL AT HOME ON THE
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD."
“After {raveling over 1 Raueees & pore ap
Pennaylvan road ou)
clean, rock -ballasted roadbed

BE calae ea
Prisha ince wee fei ices

wif) 20 in

, pi ats lc al give ig

 

— ge ee

EXTRA SESSION IS UNLIKELY.

PRESIDENT CHANGES HIS MIND
ABOUT CALLING CONGRESS.

Arguments Put Forth by Senator Knox
Said to Have Convinced Him That No
Railroad Legislation Can Be Accome-
plished Before Regular Meeting Time.

Ovster Bay, Aug. 13.—President Roose-
velt, itis learned on authority, now enter-
tains doubts whether he will call an extraor-
dinary session of Congress on Nov. 11
next as he had thought he would.

Senator Knox who boarded the train
at Easton, Pa., when the President was
on the way to Wilkesbarre, it is said,
strongly advised the President againat
calling the session. President Roosevelt
had contemplated the extraordinary ses-
sion for the purpose of having some rall-
road legislation enacted, as well as other
legislation.

The President had planned to call such
a session as far back as last spring, but
a number of Senators and Representatives
had gone abroad and for other reasons
a session was then impracticable. Then
the President had thought of the coming
fall and some people had even been notified
of the probability of the extraordinary
gpssion, and until the President's recent
conference with Senator Knox the seseion
was almost certain to come.

But Senator Knox pointed out that the
extraordinary session, if held, would not
really meet until about the middle of No-
vember. This would be only about three
weeks before the regular aasembling of
Congress. And three weeks, the Senator
pointed out, was too short a (ime to make
it worth while. The President thought
this over, and now it is known he 1s very
doubtful whether the extra session will be
held at all.

AN ENTENTE CORDIALE,

Senator Lodge on the Relations Between
France, England and America.

Oyster Bay, Aug. 13.—Senator Henry
Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts left here at
9:48 o'clock this morning for his summer
home at Nahant after having spent the
night at Sagamore Hill. He said:

“The President and I talked about every-
thing under the sun. I saw a great many
officials while abroad and I found that
France and Great Britain have such a
thorough understanding now that it prao-
tically amounts to an entente cordiale.
Those two Powers are very close; also, both
of them have a very warm feeling for the
United States. “More I cannot say.”

The inference from the Senator's re-
marks and tone as he spoke was that a
very close entente between the United
States, Great F-itain and France was
bound to come very soon.

Senator Lodge is a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in the Senate
and is very close to the President. There is
reason to believe that the Senator has to
some extent ascertained what would be
the attitude of France and England to the
Far Eastern situation should the peace
negotiations fall through. It is supposed
that the Senator has also examined Euro-
pean opinion upon our paternal relations
to Santo Domingo.

The Senator said that President Roosevelt
was held in the highest regard abroad and
that his recent act of bringing about the
peace conference is regarded as a master
stroke of diplomacy. The Senator said
that the President described to him the
soene on the Mayflower, but he disclaimed
any knowledge of the upshot of the confer-
ence. “In Europe,” he said, “the attitude

is pessimistic.”

NEGRO BURGLAR SHOT DEAD.

Assaults the Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Schulte and
Is Kitled Resisting Arrest.

Saratoga, N. Y., Aug. 13.—William
Curtis, while attempting iv escape arrest here
to-day, was shot and killed by Detective
James Sullivan. About 9:30 o'clock Curtis,
armed with an iron pipe eighteen inches
long, forced an entrance into the rectory
of 8t. Luke's Episcopal Church at Me-
chanicsville and murderously assaulted
the Rev. Dr. Schulte and his wife, both of
whom are 64 years old, They are in a
critical condition.

The negro, whose main object was
robbery, escaped from the building and
started to walk to Saratoga Springs, a
distance of twenty miles. He arrived
late this morning. Detectives found him
secreted in a house. When the negro
sought to escape and placed his hand on
his hip pocket Detective Sullivan fired.
Curtis dropped and died soon after.

The Rev. Dr. Schulte has during the
summer supplied 8t. Luke's Episcopal
Church in Mechanicsville, the rector, the
Rev. Dr. Newell, being on a European
trip. Mrs. Schulte is said to be a sister of
the wife of Bishop Doane of the diocese
of Albany.

Curtis was a native of New York and
for the past two or three years had been
employed in coal and lumber yards in
Mechanicsville, Saratoga Springs and Ball-
ston Spa, and was well known in this seo-

tion.

 

 

 

 

THUMPED A PARSON.

It Was in the Bridge Hogpen and Prisoner
Is Fined Only One Dollar.

The Rev. Emil B. Linde, who lives at 384
Fast 114th street, appeared before Magis-
trate Breen at the Tombs police oourt yes-
terday as complainant against Edgar M.
Howell of 267 Ryerson street, Brooklyn,
who says he is a salesman employed at 75
Fifth avenue, Howell was charged with
assault.

The Rev. Mr. Linde, who {s a young man
of alight physique and clerical mien, ex-
plained that he was at the Manhattan end
of the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday after-
noon, and that he and Howell collided
violently as each was making for his car.
Thereupon, he said, Howell dealt him a
blow on the neok which took from him all
desire to catoh his car.

Magistrate Breen waa inclined to treat
the incident lightly and suggested that the
hot weather was provocative of warm
feelings. ’

“Buppose this defendant had smitten
you on the cheek,” he suggested. “Are
we to be guided by the Bibles injunction
with respect to such an offense or by ite
te nd

. Mr, etuok to the le
oona” and Howell was fined $1, which

By ac ) ‘ns pelea 5 se iy

id

1905.,-—copuriont, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aasociation.

4

 

MONDAY, AtvaveT 14, 1008.

Cloudy

NORWAY VOTES FOR SECESSION.

Enthusiastic Popular Indorsement of the
Separation From Sweden.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sum,

CanistiaNia, Aug. 13.—The referendum
intended to obtain popular approval of the
separation from Sweden has been carried
out with remarkable enthusiasm. Bells
were ringing, bands were playing and there
was singing of patriotic songs everywhere
throughout the country.

Returns from 120 districts up to 10 o'clock
to-night show 61,103 for separation to 16
against.

SHOT AT THE DEAD LINE.

Young Mer Assault Quarantine Guard and
One Is Dying.

TEXARKANA, Ark,; Aug. 13.—Early this
morning Walter Wright, a young man
about town, was fatally wounded by a
quarantine officer who prevented Wright
and three or four companions from cross-
ing the dead line established by the health
authorities.

When John Ferguson; the guard on the
Texas side of the line, refused to allow the
young men to cross they assaulted him,
stri..ng him over the head with a club
anti knocking him down.

Ferguson, while still on the ground,
fired three shots at his assailants, two of
which took effect on Wright, one shot hit-
ting him in the arm and the other penetra-
ting his abdomen. The chances for Wright's
recovery are very slim, Ferguson was
arrested. The companions of Wright es-
caped.

 

 

HE WON'T BE AT SEA GIRT.

Alleged Reason Why the President Will
Not Attend Great Rifle Shoot. .

TRENTON, N. J.; Aug. 13.—It is said that
President Roosevelt will not attend the
country’s greatest rifle shooting tourna-
ment to be held at Sea Girt from Aug. 24
to Sept.9. The President, it is said, refrains
from coming to New Jersey because of the
opposition of the Secret Service men, who
fear some accident might befall him. It was
earnestly desired that President Roosevelt
should come this year and present the
President's cup to the winner.

 

 

 

CHINESE OUTBREAK FEARED.

Boycott on American Goods May Cause
Treuble at Soo Chow.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 14.—A despatch to the
Telegraph from Shanghai says that an
anti-foreign outbreak is feared at Soo
Chow, where the boycott of American goods
is becoming a political movement.

It is stated that the Governor of New-
chwang warned the boyootters that their
action was punishable with death.

TAFT SAILS FOR ILOILO.

Secretary and His Party te Visit the South-
ern Philippines.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Manina, Aug. 13.—The transport Logan
sailed for Iloilo at 1 o’clook this afternoon
with Secretary Taft and his party on board.
Gen. Corbin, Gov. Wright and all the mem-
bers of the Philippines Commission except
Henry C. Ide accompanied the party.

Mrs. Dubois, the wife of the Senator
from Idaho, who was injured in a runaway
accident on Saturday afternoon, was rest-
leas this afternoon, but her oondition is
not considered serious.

M’KEEN MEETS PROBERS TO-DAY.

Insurance Investigating Committee to Con-
fer on a Line ef Action.

The members of the joint legislative
committee for investigating insurance con-
ditions will return to town to-day and
continue their preparations for the coming
hearings. James McKeen, who will direct
the committee in its work until Charles E.
Hughes gets back to this country, also
will come to town to-day. He wiil meet
the committee at his offices at 40 Wall
Street.

Mr. McKeen has been busy ever since his
appointment going over the Hendricks
and Frick reports, and he will be in a po-
sition when the committee sees him to-day
to give them some definite advice as to the
beat course of procedure. It is expected
that Senator Armstrong, chairman of the
committee, will be ready to-day to an-
nounce the result of his efforts to get Joseph
H. Choate to act as advisory counsel to the
committee.

ENJOINED NOT TO WED.

Also, Stone Must Not Ruy Clothes for Mies
Griffiths.

Boones, Ia., Aug. 18.—Mrs. E. R. Hollings-
head has secured an injunction restraining
Charles Guy Stone from marrying her
daughter, Miss Jessie Griffiths.

The order of the Court also restrains
Guy Stone or his brother Archie from buy-
ing clothes for the young lady or giving
money to her. The mother says Stone at-
tempted to elope with her daughter, but
that she interfered. She aleo says that he
wants to furnish money to support Jessie
until she becomes of age and can wed him
legally.

DROWNING AT LONG BRANCH.

Bather Who Ventures Beyond Lifeline
Goes Down Crying for Help.

Lona Branca, N. J., Aug. 18.—An un-
known bather was drowned in front of
the Howland Hotel to-day. The man
was a good swimmer and with several
others ventured out beyond the lifelines.
He threw up his hands and cried for help.
He sank before the Hfeguard from the
bathing grounds reached the spot where
be went down. ,

In the man's bathroom were found hig
clothing, consisting of a negligee shirt,
pair of black trousers and low shoes. There
were 96 cents in his pockets. It is believed
that he was a stranger here only for the day.
This is the first drowning accident of the
season.

SOMNAMBULIST WALKSTO DEATH.

Goes Through Window and Falls Five
Stories in an Airshaft,

James O'Connor, 87 years old, of 2420
Eighth avenue, an employee of the Edison
Electric Light Company, a somnambulist,
yesterday morning walked out of a window
re tadroom (hat opened into an air-
shaft. He fell five stories to the bottom
of the well and was killed instantly.

The people with whom he lodged say
he ores Sesleed is his sleep, and they hibited
sure was do 60 yesterday morn
when he was killed, y oe

\ NEARER NEW YORK THAN EVER.

“The " of the New York Central
beings York
ea

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Em
Central N New

to-day; showers to-night or

uw t0-morrow.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

LIGHTNING
PELTS THE CITY

Many Hurt In Three Trolley
Cars Hit In The Bronx
and Brooklyn.

GIRL STRUCK DOWN DEAD

 

In a Yachting Party of Eight, AD
of Whom Were Stunned.

Flagpoles and Elevated Stracture 10
—Bricks From Steam Company Chime
ney Rain on Tenement Reofs—Sqnatl
Upsets Two Sloop Yachts tn the Bay
and Sends Three Barges and 503
Frightened Immigrants Adrift-—-Patere
son Left in Darkness Last Night by
Burning Out of Electric Light Wires.

The city has rarely been so pelted by
lightning as it was in the thunderstorm
that began a little before 1 o'clock yester-
day afternoon. Hitting trolloy cars was
the specialty of the lightning, and many
persons were hurt either by the electricity
or in the panics it caused. One bolt
stunned a yachting party of eight persons,
killing one woman. The squall with which
the storm introduced itself upset two small
yachts in the bay and sent 500 immigrants
adrift on barges that broke from their
moorings at Ellis Island.

A chain of thunderstorms extending
from Florida to Massachusetts made tho
Atlantio coast vivid with electrical flashes
a larger part of the afternoon, Here-
abouts the cloud discharges were of the
triphammer, slashing variety. The light-
ning struck low and hit hard. The Weather
Bureau said there was only one storm, but
was willing to admit that it dripped ite fire
and water on the instalment plan.

The first thunder heard on the official
tower was recorded at 12:39 P. M. and the
last at 4:08 P. M. Between these periods
there were several fine “sunshine” showers
and atartling splittings of the air alow
and aloft. The rain came down in sheets
for a few minutes between 1 and 2 o’clook;
when moet of the 1.2 inches measured
by the official gage fell. The loudest re-
porte; and those closest to earth; came
in The Bronx, where one of the loca! official
prophets lives. The wind during the
storm blew chiefly from west and north-
west. In the evening it had got around
to the east and was making only about
alx miles.

TEN TO HOSPITAL FROM THIS CAR.

Vernon trolley odr that was struck by
lghtning at 170th street and Webster ave-
nue ten persons were hurt badly enough
to be removed to Lebanon Hospital suffer
ing from shook and bruises. A nine-year-
old girl was the most seriously injured,
for it is thought that her skull was fractured.
In addition to those taken to the hospital,
most of whom remained but a short time;
a score of others were slightiy hurt. Every-
body aboard the open car was shocked.

The car was bound to Mount Vernon.
It was a 60 foot car and there were nearly
140 men, women and children aboard. Be-
tween some of the seata there were standees:
The constant opening of the screens to take
on new passengers had wet the floor and
most of the seats. When the bolt fell
flames shot out from the foot of each motor
box, and the next moment thé’ whole car;
including the wet floor and the seats, be-
came charged with electricity. The metal
work of the oar was charged, and persons
who had their hands on metal cried out.

Bernard Clarkin of 21 Franklin avenue,
New Rochelle, the motorman, fell back on
the front seat blinded by the flash from the
motor box. Blue flame shot out from the
bottom of the box and set fire to his trou-
sers. He dropped the controller quickly
and was only slightly shocked. The car
was going so fast that it went on of its own
momentum. The motors had burned out.

In the car men fought to hoist the rain
screens and to get off the moving car.
Women and children were trampled on.
Men jumped off without any regard to
where they were jumping or how. So did
some women,

Nine-year-old Irene Jackson of 743 East
145th street was sitting in the front seat
with her father and mother. Her father
was pushed from the oar and then the ohild
was pushed out of her seat. She fell under
the footboard and would have been crushed
if a man directly behind her had not bent
over quickly, grabbed her by the clothing
and pulled her from under the car, The
front wheel cut off some of her hair and
gave her a couple of bad gashes in the
head.

Motorman Clarkin put out hie burning
trousers before the car had run a blook,
Then he put on the brakes and stopped the
car fifty feet further on. All the way back
to where the lighting had struck people
were, lying in the street. Women and chil-
dren were atill in the car crying for help.
All the men had got off. The persons who
remained in the car were suffering from
shock and fright. Smoke came through
the floaring, but there were no flames.
John Connolly, the conductor, had stuck
to his post and pulled the trolley pole off
the feed wire.

Ambulances and reserves arrived quickly
and Drs. Bose and Aronow of the Lebanon
Hospital began work. The ambulances
took five to the hospital and the patrol
wagon five. The police took the names
of these sixteen injured:

Irene Jackson, probable fracture of the

Theresa Ulrich, Inwood avenue and 187th
etreot,
old, eame address, and Mary Ulrich, daugh

mr

contusions; Maggie Diets, 13 years?

In a wild scramble to get off a Mount —

ekull, scalp wounds and contusions; Mrs, {

i

4 and shock
of, VK, Longyagd