A

“VoL. LXVIL—NO, 350,

0B OUT FOR NEGRO BLOOD
RIOT RAGES FOR HOURS OVER DEAD
POLICEMAN THORPE.

 

 

Drenken Negro Startalt by Threatening Women
Wh» Spoke Pityingly of the Policeman's
Murder—-Whtte Men Attack Him and 4
colored Mob Pelt Them—Rict Extends
Over Many Blocks Reserves of Three Pre-
cinets Ont—Cop Seriously Stabbed--Many
Negroes Injured--Devery Takes Command,

Three days ago @ West Side policernan was
murdered by a negro, Last nights mob took
-saion of Eighth avenue from Twenty-
eighth street to Forty-third atréet and spread
‘9 Nioth and Seventh avenues through the
various side streets and beat and assaulted
every peeto man or woran who showed a
head. Negroes were pulled off street cars,
rolled over In the strest, kicked and beaten and
were almost murdered before they could be
rescued by the police
The reserve# from the West Thirty-seventh
street station were unable to cope with
the rioters and they had to call upon the
Weat Thirtieth street and the West Twen-
‘eth street stations for assistance. The
rolice reserves of those two stations
and every map already on duty who could be
pared from his post were immediately hurried
tothe scene of the trouble. Chief Devery, ac
companied by ten men of his personal staff,
hurried to Eighth avenueand assumed charge
of the police. Long after midnight the streets
wore filled with the rioters. They were quiet
enough until a negro appeared in sight. Then
a rush would be made in his direction both by

the rioters and the police, the former to
injure him if possible, the latter to res-
eue bin Ten ambulances from the

hospitals inthe neighborhood wore put in use
and removed a number of negroes who were
badly injured. The police forced many saloon-
keepers on Eighth avenue to shut their doors
and discontinué business for the night in order
that whiskey might not inflame the rioters to a
wfeater degree of fury.

Policeman Robert J. Thorpe of the West
Thirty-seventh street station, whose murder
last Sunday was the cause of the riot, was
killed while he was attempting to arrest May
Eno. a negress, for soliciting. He was
stabbed three times in the stomach by her
negro lover, Arthur Harris, Harris escaped,
Thorpe died on Monday in Roosevelt Hospital,
Lest night his body was removed to the
home of his sister, Lizzie, at 481 Ninth avenue,
and a wake was held there over the
corpse. There is @ saloon on each
corner of Thirty-six and Thirty-seventh
streets and Ninth avenue and they were well
patronized. Anunusually large crowd was in
the street. About 8:30 o'clock two elderly
women chanced to pass the house where
Thorpe's body lay.

“That's the house where the body of that
poor policeman who was murdered, lies," one
of them said to her companion.

When she epoke, Spencer Walters, a
brawny negro, who said later that he worked
at 68 East Fifty-sixth street, was pass-
ing the women. He was drunk, and
was spoiling for a fight. When he overheard
the woman's statement he thought he saw his
chanoe. Running over in front of the two
women, he shook his fist in their faces and
shouted:

“To hel! with the white ——.
should go the same way.”'

The women retreated screaming, and Walters
drew a pistol and began to brandish it, saying
all the time that all whites ought to be
dead. He took aim at the fleeing women and
was about to pull the trigger when Thomas J.
Realey of 401 West Thirty-cighth street ran at
bim and grabbed him by the arm. The negro
promptly hit him on the head with the revolver
andthe twomen began to fight all over the
street.

The crowds that were standing In front
of the eight neighboring corner saloons
the

All Uke him

came up to Healey’s assistance on
ron, “Kill the nigger,” a shout went
up. Policeman Kelley of the West Thirty-

seventh street station was a block away
but he recognized trouble when he heard the
er) Kelley got to Walters and Healey just as
Walters was knocked down by the mob,
ttamped upon, kicked and beaten.

The policeman drew his revolve? and shouted
that he would shoot the first man who hindered
him in arresting the negro. The crowd sullenly
stepped back and Kelley lifted Walters to his
feet and started to take him to the West Thirty-
seventh street station without waiting for a
tatrol Wagon.

Tvere Kelley made a mistake, As long as the
negro could be seen the crowd would not keep
away or disperse, At least two hundred men
followed Keiley and his prisoner, hurling any
missile they « uld reach atthem. Just before
Walters reacned the stationa negro appeared
at the edge o! the crowd,

“There's another coon," shouted a man who
rawhim. “Kill him! Kill him!"

Tho crowd took up the ery and the negro
started torun, Hedid not run very far before
18 wes bowled over and was kicked and
teaten. Other negroes soon appeared, and
were chased in the same manner, kicked
and stamped upon. The negroes in the
Louses fronting on the street ran to the rools
«ng began to hurl stones and sticks down on
‘ne heads of the crowd of white men in the
streets. The crowd was getting larger ail the
‘ime

Kelley reached the station and told Sergt.
lyan what was going on, The sergeant or-
dered out four policemen to quell the trouble.
They were all he bad at hand, but he rang the
bell (hat sounded the alarm to the reserves and
nholfied them to get ready, The four police-
men were not able to do much, but they did
succeed in driving the mob back toward Fighth
avenue and holding them back for a while but
not for long.

Nearly every house in Thirty-seventh street
between Eighth and Ninth avenues is occupied
by negroes, The mob seemed to know this, and
they made for the houses Every time a negro
put his head out of a window a
8 ower of stones, cluba and other missiles would
‘ailtoward that negro. The head would dis-
appear and then would come an answering
volley from the roof. Acting Captain Cooney

arrived at the station a few minutes
after the four policemen had been
rent out, and he went out with the

whole reserve force, more than thirty men. He
drove the crowd back below Eighth avenue.
The rowdies, seeing the police coming
‘gainst them in force, retreated to the
Side streets and kept quiet for about ten
minutes, This led Capt. Cooney to think that
the trouble had been quelled and at 10 o'clock
he ordered the reserves back to their station.
The police had barely disappeared into the
Station before the crowd gathered again in
Fighth avenue and began rioting again. An
Kigbth avenue car passed up the avenue.
On it were several nexroes. The mob,
‘C sight of them, ran out on the
car track, stopped the car, piled on to it and
dragged the regroes off, over the passen-
fers’ laps. The women on the car
“reamed but the mob was not in a
humor to care whether women were seared or
hot. The negroes had no chance when they
reached the street. Every white man in the
‘row ‘ried to get ata blackman. The few po-
“cemen had their hands full and vent to the
‘ation for the reserves again. They wer:
— on the scene and wed their clubs with
It.
— before the reserves arrived Jesse Paine,
* *2ro of 255 West Ninety-third street, came

They succeeded

  
 

riding down Kighth avenue on a bieycle, He
wae dressed ina natty white ducksuit. The mob
ot bim at Thirty-eighth street. He was kicked
and slamimed about, his wheel was broken to
bite, and he was ina fair way to be beaten to
death when he was rescued by three policemen.
When he reached the West Thirty-seventh
street station in an ambulance his white sult
looked like a Scotch plaid from the blood
from his many wounds and the mud from the
streets. About the sate time George Wire of
145 West Thirty-second street was riding
through West Thirty-fourth streot on a
crom town car. The mob pulled him
off, but he fought his way through and ran.
The rioters chased him as far as Seventh avenue
where they overtook him and were beating and
kioking him when he was rescued.

John Thomas of 422 West Thirty-sec-
ond street was hauled off an Eighth
avenue car at Thirty-ffth street. He.-was
nearly dead when rescued by Policeman
Maloney. He could no longer stand on his
feet and Maloney had to drag him into Hill's
restaurant on the avenue. The mob
started to follow into the restaurant
but Maloney drew his revolver and threat-
ened to shoot the first five men
who approached the docr, This kept the crowd
at bay until the patrol wagon arrived. Then
Thomas was lifted into it. The mob threw
bricks, stones and clubs at the wagon until it
was out of sight

Richard Williams of 418 West Thirty-
sixth street was set upon by the crowd
at Ninth avenue, between Thirty-seventh and
Thisty-elghth streets. He saw that his life
was in danger and drew his revolver, firing
two shots in the crowd. It is not known
f anybody was hit, but the mob, efraged
at the shooting, rushed at him, took the pistol
away from him and then knocked him down,
Jumped on him and kicked bim. He was
covered with blood and cuts when Policeman
Thomas rescued him and took him to the West

‘Thirty-seventh street station

Capt. Cooney saw that his thirty odd men
Were not able to cope with the rioters, and he
called on the police of the West Thirtieth and
West Twentieth street stations for assistance.
The reserves of those two stations were hur-
riedly sent to him. Chief Devery with
ten menof his personal staff arrived at the
same time and the Chief assumed command of
the police. Inspector Walter Thompson also
appeared and took command of one end
of the trouble, while Acting Capt. Cooney
looked out for the other end. Chief Devery
remained in the midst of the scene of the riot,
issuing orders and walking up and down in the
middle of the street watching developments.

By this time the mob axtended from Twentr-
eighth street and Eighth avenue up to Forty-
third street. All of the side streets were
jammed with people but the crowd was the

greatest in Thirty-fourth street, Thirty-
sixth street, Thirty-seventh street and
Thirty-eighth street. This was owing to

the presence of the croastown cars in Thirty-
fourth street and ‘the great number of negro
tenements in the other streete. The police
formedin the middle of the street and tried
to drive the crowd back to the sidewalks.
fairly well, but when
they tried to drive them into the side streets
they were not so aucoesraful. The people would

give way but would bolt back to the avenue
just as soon as the police charge was over.

A battle between the whites and negroes was

in progress in Thirty-eighth street, between
Seventh and Elghth avenue, when a squad
ot

police turned into the street from
the west end of the block and started
to disperse the fighters. Policeman Kennedy
of the West Thirty-seventh street station
chased two negroes inte a hallway. One of
them drew a knife and plunged it
into the policeman'’s stomach, inflicting a
wound #ix inches long. Kennedy drew his re-
volver and fired five shots and then fell uncon-
sclous. Capt. Cooney and three or four blue-
coats ran to Kennedy's assistance and captured
one of the two negroes,

The other was chased by a mob of whites and
captured later by the police more dead than
alive. Kennedy was taken to New York
Hospital.

The negro captured in the hallway, the one
supposed to have stabbed the policeman, was
taken to the police station, where it was discovy-
ered that he was also dangerously wounded. He
was sent to Bellevue Hospital. Soon after his
arrival there a police surgeon, two Central
Office detactives and a witness reached the hos-
pital in a patrol wagon, and they idontified the
injured negro os |joyd Lee, the man who had
stabbed Kennedy.

Shortly before midnight a Broadway car on
which a young colored man was seated {n the
rear seat stopped at the crossing just this side
of the Herald Building. Quite a crowd was
standing at that point discu&sing the trouble
further across town and the moment they es-
pied thenegro in the car eeveral of them made a
rust forbim, Others followedandina moment
he was dragged from his seat and was being
kicked and punched and otherwise severely
handled by the crowd. The man’s cries brought
several policemen, but the crowd scaitered and

no arrests were made.

In one of the scrimmages Acting Captain

Cooney was injured in the kne@e cap.
Chief — Dever, was so impressed with
the sive of the mob that he gent
orders to the police of the Fifth street,

East Twenty-aecond street, Rast Thirty-filth
street and East Fifty-first street stations
to hold themselves in readiness to be
ordered to the scene of the riot

By 2 o'clock this morning the streets were
clear of negroes and the riot quieted down,
The police were gradually withdrawn but the
reserves were feid in readiness, Shortly
before 2 o'clock a negro, who had been
assaulted walked into Perry's drug store at the
Brooklyn Bridge. He was so weak from loss of
blood that he could scarcely stand. His head
was Cut inatieast ten places and hits jaw was
broken Heeraidhe had been pulled off of a
car in Bighth avenue, but refused his pame.

Policemen Glennon and Barry of the West
Thirty-seventh strert station went to 117 West
Twenty-ninth street late jast night and in a
room With a woman they found a negro who
said that he was James F. Harris, 25 years old.
The detectives eny that when they entered the
room the pegro said to the woman:

“What do these cops want with me? I didn't
stab him.”
The polices *ay from his description he

swers almost in every detail the description
of Arthur Harris, the negro; who killed Police-
mar Thorpe. Both Harris aod the woman
were locked up in the West Thirteth street
station. ic

Thorpe’s funeral 1s to be held at 481 Ninth
avenue this afternoon at 2 o'clock. The police
have made elaborate preparations to honor their
late comrade. Every policeman attached to
the West Thirty-seventh street station,
where Thorpe was detalled to duty, willescort
the body to Greenwood Cemetery, where the
burial will take place. Men detailed from
other precincts will police the district in their

sence,

Chief Devery, Inspector Thompson, Acting
Captain Cooney, three sergeants, three rounds.
inen and more than .00 patrolmon will march
in the funeral parade, ‘two men from each
gaction of the station fores, maklig eight men
in all, will be the pallbearers, The route of
the procession after it leaves the house will be
through Thirty-cighth street to Tenth avenue,
then to Thirty-sixth street, to Fifth avenue, to
Twenty-third street and to the ferry

Inspector Thompson has summoned the platn
clothes men from the precioets Inhis district
to meet him at the West Thirty-seventh street
station this morning at 11 o'clock. Thorpe
was killed because he did not have bis revolver
with him, and Inapector Thompson intends to
locture the detectives on the peril of not being
full= arived when on duty.

 

 

Woman Stricken on an Flevated Train.

A respectably dressed woman about 00 years
o'd lost consciousness on a Sixth avenue cle-
vated train as it was running into the South
Ferry station last evening. She was taken to
the Hudson street hospital, where it was found
that she was suffering from @ stroke of peral-
ysix, She was dressed in black and wore a plain
goldring on each hand. At midnight she was
still unconscious.

 

Newpert Excursion on Sunday.
7 See advertising columa. —-Ac® ’

ANTI-HILL COMBINE HOLDS.

NO FIGHT TO BE MADE FOR ALBANY
AS THE CONVENTION CITY,

 

 

Arrival of Mr, Hill at Saratoga Followed by a
Conference of His Friends and a Counting
of Noses-Not Facugh of Them to Beat
Croker How 16 to 1 Affects the Situation.

SARATOGA, Aug. 15.—The Hon. David Ben-
nett Hill of Wolfert's Roost came up from
Albany this afternoon and joined the colony
of Democrats congregated in this beutiful
Village. Almost immediately after his arrival
Mr. Hill was closeted with ex-Lieut.-Gov. William
F, Sheehan, Chairman Frank Campbell of the
Democratic State Committee, Mayor McGuire
of Syracuse, chairman of the Executive Com-
mittee of the State Committee; Elliot Dan-
forth, Treasurer Hughes of the State Commit-
tee and a doven others who have always een
friendly to him in State politica The dion.
Richard Croker, ex-Senator Edward Murphy,
Jr., Mayor Van Wyck, James Shevlin and Senae
tor Patrick Henry MoCarren of Brooklyn and
National Committeeman Norman E. Mack were
clustered, first at Fire Commissioner Scammel's
cottage and later at the Grand Union Hotel
Not long afterward Anthony N. Brady and
Representative Glynn of Albany appeared,

The Democratic State Committee is to as-
semble at the Grand Union Hotel to-morrow
night to name the time and place for the Demo-
cratic State Convention, which is to nominate
State officers from Governor down. Mr. Croker
and his friends have believed all along that
the convention should be held in Saratoga
on Sept. 11. Mr. Hill's frionda have favored
holding {t in Albany. Mr. Brady, as a true
son of Albany, came here to-day for the pur-
pose of doing everything posaible to send the
convention to the City of Hills, Mr. Hill aaid
he didn't care whether the conveation was
held in Saratoga or Albany, but he would like
to do anything and everything to oblige Mr.
Brady, so this evening he got around him his
friends on the Dernocratio State Committee
and counted noses,

Mr, Hill deprecates the word “conference.”
About twenty State Committeeemen gathered
in his rooms at the Grand Union and talked from
early in the evening until after 11 o'clock to-
night, and vetMr. Hill said that no “conference”
was being held. Mr, Hill didn't have enough
votes in his conference to overturn the decision
of Mr. Croker and his friends on the State Com-
mittee that the convention shall be held in Sar-
Atoga on Sept. 11, and the conference adjourned.

There will be further efforts on the part of
Mr. Hill's friends to-morrow to change the
place from Saratoga to Albany. Mr. Brady,
it is said, is to have a talk with Mr. Croker to-
morrow in an effort to induce Mr. Croker to
change his attitude on this matter. Mr. Brady
has believed that Mr. Croker and Mr. Hill
should come to some sort of an amicable un-
derstanding on matters of this character,
ile considers them to be altogether too trivial
to differ over, and yet it must be said that Mr.
Croker is not inclined to view with compla-
cency even the slightest wish of Mr. Hill in
the management of the affairs of the Demo-
cratic party of the State. Most of Mr. Hill's
friends, therefore, said late to-night that they
were ready to admit that the convention would
be held in Saratoga. Still Mr. Brady is not
a man to be easily disheartened, and he ia to
contioue his laborin favor of Albany to-morrow.

As a matter of fact, the anti-Hill combine
which was organized at the meeting of the
Democratio State Committee at the Hoffman
House in New York city in June 1s still intact.
It consists of Tammany, the Kings county
Democrata, the Erie county Democrata, and
ex-Senator Murphy's followers in Rensselaer
county. The combination still controls the
Democratic State Committee and will with
scarcely a doubt control the Democratic State
Convention and name the candidate for Gove
ernor.

Ex-[ijeut.-Gov, Sheehan has not been active
in Democratic State polities since be retired
from office Jan. 1, 1894. He has always been
the friend of Mr. Hill, however, and on more
than one occasion has endeavored to aid the
ex-Governor, There has been a good deal of
pother here for several days over a candidate
for Governor. Comptroller Coler of New
York is Mr. Hill's candidate. Yet the majority
of Mr. Hill's friends said to-night that Mr.
Coler would not be nominated. Thev said they
were quite ready to admit this and yet they
added that under no circumstances would
they desert Mr. Coler Mr. Croker and hia
friends do not desire the nomination of Mr.
Coler, They consider him to be a weak candi-
date and they prefer either John B. Stanch-
feld of Elmira or Senator William Fleming
Mackey of Buffalo.

Mr. Hill would say nothing to-day on State
politics, “That was a mighty fine speech of
Bryan's at Indianapolis,” was all that he had to
say for publication. One of Mr. Hill's friends
sald:

“Mr. Hill ia not playing politics for a day or
a week He ie playing for the future, and es-
pecially for 1904. We are ali to stick to Coler
as our candidate for Governor, and if Mr. Croker
and his friends beat Coler for the nomination
then the responsibility for a crushing defeat
in the State this fall is to fall where it justly
belongs.”

Something has been said as to the attitude
of the Hon, Hugh MeLaughlin of Brooklyn on
the Coler question, that he was favorable to
Mr. Coler’s nomination, and so forth, and so
forth. This was denied to-night by Demo-
erats in the confidence of Mr. McLaughlin,
aud they pointed out that Mr. Hill could not
drag Mr. Melavghlin or the Brooklyn Demo-
cratic orwanization into a fight with Mr, Croker,
especially when it was recalled that in the City
Convention of New York, which is to nominate
candidates for Mayor and Comptroller and
other places in the management of New York
city’s affairs a year from this fall, Tammany
will have two votes to the Kings county Demo-
eratic organization's one

Mr Croker. it was anid, does not favor a can.
didate like Coler, who has been taken up by
the Brooktun haa. the New dork Tinea, the
Rochester Herard and other Democratic news
papers which bolted Bryan in 1896 and which
are opposed to Bryan this year as well, Mr,
Croker’s friends argue that these journals,
while booming Coler now, will drop him like
o hot potate when the campaign is under
way especially as the Democratic candidates
for State offices must stand upon the plat-
form adopted by the Democratic National
Convention at Kansas City.

This brings the situation here right to the
point, The Democratic State organization
is for Bryan and free silver at a ratio of 16 to 1,
and for hauling down the flag in the Philip-
pines, All this chatter about Coler, it was
added, does not digguise real issues before
the voters of the State. In 1896 about 1,350 000
votes were cast in the Empire State. This
year, according to an estimateof the new censts
1,500,000 votes will be cast. Mr. Crokir
js for the Democratic national  plat-
form So is Mr. Hill and «0° are
Mr. Murphy, Mr. MeLaughlin, Mr. Mack, Mr.
Danforth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Stanchfield,
Mr. Mackey, Mr. McGuire, Mr. Shevlin, Mr.
McCarren, Edward M. Shepard and all
other Damocrats affiliated with the Demo-
cratic organigation in the State The Dem-
ooratic State Convention is to ratify the
Democratic Nationel platform adopted at
Kansas City. It is not a question of Coler or

Chicago, St. Louts and All Leading Westera
Cltles
are reachéd readily with comfort and safety by the

eupere throuch trains of the Pennsylvania Railroad
+ Ade

Stanchfleld or Mackey or Danforth or any other
aspirant for the Vemocratic bomintion for Gov-
ernor, or their personal characteristics. Whoever
(a nominated for Governor must stand upon the
‘Bryan platform of free silver at a ratio of 16
to 1 and for hauling down the flag in the Pbil-
ippines. ‘The 1,500,000 voters of the Empire
State, it was declared, are not to be blinded
by any controversies that have come up among
the Democratic leaders of the State. It is not
a question with them a8 to who controls the
Democratic State Cominitiee or the Demo-
cratic State Convention. They are simply to
make an example of all Democratic aspirants
for office in the great sound money and pa-
triotic State of New York.

The conference in Mr. Hill'a rooms in the
Grand Union broke up at midnight. Mr. Hill
then made this announcement,

“There will be no contest in the State Commit-
tee over the time and place for holding the
State Convention,”

This means another victory for the antl-
Hill combine headed by Mr, Croker, The
State Committee is still controlled by the anti-
Hill combination by a vote of 20 to 21, which
was the vote at the meeting of the committee
in the Hoffman House in June, The combine
is intact and in slick running order,

—_—

SANCLEMENTE FOKCED OUT.

 

The President of Colombia Resigns and the
Conservative Historicals Are Now tn Power,

A cabe despatch was received here yester-
day from Bogota announcing the resignation
of President Sanclemente of the Republic of
Colombia. His place has been taken by Vice-
President Marroquin, who will serve out the
four years that remain of his term of office.
The action of Sefor Sanclemente, which was
not entirely © his own will, will bring about
a change in the entire political system of Colom-
bia and might even have the effect of ending
the revolution which has been In progress
for the past ten months. Sanclemente has
been the Jeader of that branch of the Con-
servative party known as the Nationalists,
while Marroguin represents the element who

call themselyea the Hi'storicals. Their com-

mon enemy, the Liberal party, is in rebellion

against the Government, and the retirement
Preside

nt Sanclemente is ascri to the
armed opposition of the Liberals. The army

of the count became a strong ally of the
Historicals and such force was brought to bear
on Sanclemente that he was practically com-
pelled to resign.

Rafael Nufioz was elected President of Colom-
bia in 1883 oy the Liberal party. In 1884, he
became a traitor to his party by fostering the
revolution of a new party, the Natlonalists,
against the Liberals, The Nationaliste were
successful and his ambition was gratified, but
the Nationalist party has now in all probability
reached the end of its existence. Sefior Marro-
quin has already made changes in the Cabinet
appointing Flistoricals to the places occupier
by Nationalists, Like ch es it is believe
here will be made soon throughout the country.
A prominent revolutionist said yesterday that
it will depend entirely on the action of the new
Government whether the rebels cease their
hostilities. Colombian Consul-General — Es-
pinosa fin this city is a member of the {Na-
tionalists. ,

The decree issued recently by President
Sanclemente abolishing all of Colombia's lega-
tions except those at Quito, Ecuador and Paris,
and all consulates excepting New York, Havre,
Paris and Liverpool, went into effect yesterday.

EXPLOITS OF W. J. BRYAN, JR.

 

 

The Young Man Has Kept Chicage Reporters
Busy—Now He's Gone Home.
Cricaco, Aug. 15.—William Jennings Bryan,
Jr., whose popularity as a wild, untamed A mer-
jean boy was fast eclipsing the fame of Ne
father, has beéh TR pibh,
if Mr. Bryan, Sr., has his way, will miss the
daily bulletin of Willite’s elephant rides, high
dives in a tank, cross-examination of austere
statesmen and attempt to plunge headlong
from high buildings in the effort to dangle a
chair castor before pedestrians; but William,
Jr., goes out in a cloud of glory,

Yesterday William J. Bryan, Sr., was invited
to take a ride in an automobile and the young
ster was included. As there was not room for
three in the vehicle Mr. Bryan remarked

“William can ride with the driver if he wil
let him.” i :

“Oh, I'll let him,” said Willle. The idea of
any one except himself operating that auto-
mobile was very distasteful to Mr. Bryan, Jr.
and the explanation that he would have to take
out a license first was quite unsatisfactory
He wagedia constant, battle with the driver for
the control of the machinery and only quieted
down when told that the most dangerous thing
about the automobile was the gong. That was
enough. The gong ran constantly for the reat
of the trip and Willlam laughed long and bois-
terously to see the excitement. Dogs ran,
yeople jumped, windows went up and nurses
Rew to the rescue of bables. The party ar-
rived home. without getting into troule for
disturbing the peace, but the beil is a wreck

Mr. Bryan, Sr, tears that he will ultimately

become known a the father of hia son and re-
marked
. “This notoriety that Willlam has achieved
since bia coming to Uhiengo is distasteful to his
mother and myself; and we wish that in. the
future the papers would discontinue publica-
tion of the achievements of my offspring.’

When William, Jr, left Chicago for Tincolh
to-night peace reigned once more in the Aud-
ijtorium, the clerk regained his composure and
“Mike” the cat came out of hiding.

BRYAN ON HIS DESCENT,
Exposition on the O’Briens and Bryans as Re-
fated to Irish Loyalty.

Curicaco, Aug. 15.-A drizzling rain did its
best to quench the enthusiasm of the Lrish-
Americans who assembled for their ennual
picnic at Sunnyside Park to-day. The day
was practically given up to the demonstration
over Bryan

Mr. Bryan made a hit when, after an eloquent
tribute to the Irish race, some one on the plat-

form yelled “Your name ouglit to be O'Bryan.”

After the cheers th t followed this sally
had subsided Mr. Bryan said with a emile

“The gentleman says my name ought to be
O'Bryan. If he were as well informed on the
subject as Lam he would know that Bryan is the
original name. When a Brran beeame « king
he attached the “0” to his name and the O'Briens
of to-day are the descendants of that king,
while the Bryans are the descendants of the
slain people who did not become puffed up over
their relationship to a king.”
his Irish descent Mr. Bryan
is hearers and was roundly

 

Thus proc naling
won the favor of h
cheered.

STEAMSHIP BERMUDA SUNK,

 

Famous Filibester Meets With a Mishap at
Her Dock In Philedetphia,

PuivapeLpuis, Pa, Aug. 15.- The filibus-
tering steamer Bermuda was sunk at her pier
in the Delaware carly this morning by an ex-
plosion, The cause of the explosion, if known,
is held as a mystery by the officers of the ve--
sel and of the West Indie Fruit Company, all
of whom refased to talk when approached
on the subject this morning. :

One half of the vessel is submerged, only
the top of the main mast and part of the smoke-
stack being exposed to view. With high tide
the captain's apartments are coinpletely hid-
den from sight

The Bermuda carried a crew of twenty-seven
mer, fifteen of whom were aboard when the
explosion, which was heard along Delaware
avenue for several squares, occurred

 

 

Dived From Three High Bridges,

CINCINNATI, Aug. 15.- Meredith Stanley, the
professional diver, made three high dives early
this morning. He jumped first from the Louis-
ville and Nashville Bridge, then from the Cen-
tral Bridge and finally from the Su pensioa
Bridge ‘Ntis daring acts were witnessed by
thousands of p -raons.

 

 

India Famine Retief Fand,

Tre Commitiee of One Hundred on Incia
Famine Relief reported additional contributions
yesterday amounting 'o #819 94, which makes the
total to date $209,467.10.

 

 

Faster Than Ever to California,

The “Overland |‘mited,” leaving Chicago 6.39
P. M. dally, via the Chicago, Unlon Pacifie and
Northwestern Line, arrives San Francisco 3:15 in the
afternoon third day Doube drawing-room sirepin:
ears through, whibout change: buffet. smoking an
brary car (with barber). All meals en route
serv a la carte ip dining cars. Accommoda-
tions can he secured Northwestern Lire Office, No
461 Broadway. ~ Ade.

as:

a oe Sissi steels ss shslsSslssstslSlesl SSS
SUE’

 

HAD A WARRANT ISSUED For THE
ARREST OF OCDEN MILLS, JR.
Fora Prank He Hid Harold Vanderbilt's Motor
Tricycle im the Bushes -It Was Rained On
~ Mrs, Beimont's Motherly Wrath Aroused
Mr, Mills Telegraphed For— Peace Results.

Newront, R. 1., Aug, 16.--Newport society
ia much interested in the troubles between
Mrs, Oliver H. P. Belmont and Ogden Mills,
Jr,, the seventeen-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Ogden Mills, Up to this evening it looked as
if the affair was to develop inuch unpleasantness,
but the frienda of both sides probably stepped.
in and the affair has had a peaceful termination
It was over a trivial matter, merely boys’ play,
but Mrs, Belmont could not see it in that light,
and asa result she called upon the authorities
to aeaist her in the punishment of young Mille.
When it was announced to-night that the mat-
ter had been dropped the news was received
with qromt rejoicing by the friends of all con-
cerned,

Young Mills and Harold Vanderbilt, the son
of Mrs. Belmont, are neighbors and they are
n@ich in each other's company. The boys
are fast friends, but the mothers do not hold
such cordial feelings toward each other, On
Sunday afternoon Harold Vanderbilt was
out on his motor tricycle and after a ride down
the avenue he left the machine standing
out in front of “Belcourt,” his mothers resi-
dence. There it stood until young Mills came
along. He saw the machine and the idea struck
iim at once that it would be a good Joke to hide
i‘ from Harold. He acted at once on the idea
ind with great effort ran the machine away
from the front of the house and getting on it
rode until out of sight. He then hid the
machine in a clump of trees and bushes and left
it for its owner to find it.

Harold Vanderbilt later in the afternoon
missed the machine and could not find tt. Me
searched untiringly but without avail. Ine
quiry was made around the neighborhood
and at last after it had been gone for two days,
it was found and brought home. It had rained
in the meantime, and when brought home
it presented an unsightly appearance. Who
was the guilty person was the next question,
and it was finally traced to Mills. He admitted
the affair, but looked upon it in the light of
a huge joke. fle did not take the machine
out of malice, but simply for fun.

When Mrs, Belmont learned that Mills was
the gulity person, she communicated with
the police authorities and made a complaint
against the lad charging’ iim with taking
private property without permiesion, Shew
directed that a warrant be sworn out and
served on him, and her instructions were
carried out. The warrant was drawn
up in proper form and Mrs. Mills was notified.
This was first intimation that she had had of
the trouble and she-was ata loss whatto do.
Mr. Mills was out of town, and what course
to pursue was a serious question. She asked
that the warrant for her son's arrest be not
served until she could communicate with Mr.
Mills, and this request was complied with.

Mr. Mills was notified and he arrived from
New York on the late train to-night. but whea
he got here all the trouble was atanend, This
afternoon Mra, Mills was notified that her son
must appear in the police court in the morning
to make his plea and she fully expected that
this peogttucr. Was (@ be carried oat. The
police authorities when seen early this evening
would not discuss the affair and seemed sur-
prised that the matter had become known.
Later in the evening it was learned from them
that the case had been withdrawn, and that the
afiair was at an end as far as they were con-
cerned

Who ordered the discontinuance isnot known,
but It was presumably Mrs. Belmont, as she
was named in the warrant as the complain-
ant. It is also stated to-night that Mrs. Bele
mont had left this evening for Saratoga. Mr.
Mills was very mich pleased to hear of the

sudden and unexpected termination of the
affair on his” arrival from New York
to-night. Tle appeared to be very much

annoyed and was driven at once to his villa,
which was the scene of a merry gathering, a
dinner dance in honor of hia two daughters,

 

THIEF CHASED THROUGH A TUNNEL,

 

 

Though He Dodged Around a Train and Ran
Well the Police Got Him at Last,

Frank Lacy and his aunt, Mrs. Farrell of
606 Lexington avenue, had a suspicion last
night that their apartments were to be visited
by a burglar. Mrs. Farrell felt it in her bones,
she anid, because a strange man had been
hanging around the house all day, so she and
her po phew sat up late in the front room on
the lower floor with the gas turned low and
the shutters closed, to await the coming of the
burglar. fle arrived at 11 o'clock.

While the parlor clock was still striking Mrs,
Farrel] heard the shutters creak and then saw
them open an inch at a time. She grabbed
Lacy by the arm. and the aunt and nephew held
their breath and watched the blind until it was
half opened. Then the head of the suepicions-
looking man who had been hanging around the
house was thrust into the room.

That was too much for Mra Farre'l. She
yelled “fire!” The head disappeared and
lacy jumped through the window after it
yelling “murder!” The owner of the head
ran up Lexington avenue, with Lacy close at

his heels shouting for the po'ice, as far as Pifty-
first street

A mob of volunteer thief chasers chased him,
The thief turned west through Fifty-firat
street and at Park avenue jumped down

the = fifteen-foot embankment of the
New York Central Railroad = subway.
Locy and the jolicemen followed = bim

but the cititen volunteer d clined to take the
Jump. ‘the thief dodged around an outward
bound train and ranupa Meht of steps on the
west wall of the subway. Uhe police had to
wait till the train had passed, but ther caught
the ae near Fifth avenue. He said that he
was Prank Doubler of 120 Rast Filty-first si reet.
He was locked up.

DPSERTER LANGTRY

The Mon Who Traded Ais Clothes on the Bow-
ery Caught in Hartford.

Harrronp, Conn., Ave. 15 —The police of this
cltv, in arresting aiman for drunkenness, have
eaveht an escaped prisone: who is wanted at
Governors Islard, N. Y. Henry Largtre, a
prisoner ia Crete Willams, Governors laland,
escaped on Monday. He traded his uniform off
for plain clothes on the Bowery, and disap-
peered. Major Allen Myer, commandant atthe
island. sent out an alarm through police clian-
rele, and it was supposed that Langtry would
try to get out of the country on some outgoing
steamship

Langiry is 23 yearsold. Discharge papers
from both the English aid American armies
show that he has served in both countries and
under two names. In England he was known
as Peter Hodge and in the American army as
Henry Targtry. His discharge papers from
both armies eeree as to the description of the
man regarding age, height, weight and color of
hair.

Hodge or Langtry, as born in Portsmouth,
England. According to his English discharge
Papers he was a private in the Second Somer-
setshire and was dishonorabiy discharged. He
was natvraliz*d in New York under t ¢ name
of Langtry on Nov. 27, 1809. His Ainerican dis
ebarae papers show thathe was a corporal in
Battery B, Fifth Arvilery, and was at the cap-
ture of Bantiaco. his papers are encorsed with
the statement that he re dered exc lient rer-
vice. lanatry resisted arrest here, atriking
Policeman Strickland a hard blow. The offiesr
vsed his club on Langtry till he dropped to the
ground

 

 

ARRESTED.

 

Carl @. Schelte's Pare aed Cerrect Mineral
wore are being used by over 750 physiciana
-— Ade,

   

|

 

Rain to-day; falr to-morrow;
south to east winds,

 

~ PRICE TWO CENTS.

auiies rmmrareneD Av CANTON (THINK RELIEF IS AT PEKIN,

Assertion That the Forts Will Open Fire if
Another Warship Is Sent.
Special Cable Despatch to THE BUN.

TOnpon, Aug. 15.—A despatoh to a news
agency from Hong Kong, of Monday's date, says
there are Chinese reports that the Bogue forts
will open fire if an additional warship is
sent to Canton. It is reported that the
United States monitor Monterey will start for
Canton in a few days to relieve the cruiser
Don Juan de Austria, The Chinese say the
forts will certainly fire on the Monterey If
she attempts to pars them, because the author-
ities suspect that the foreigners have designs
on Canton,

eet

AGAINST BLUE AND GRAY REUNIONS.

Confederates Protest Against Gen. Gordon
Going to the G. A. R. Encampment.

New Ontrans, La., Aug. 1h~ The Confed-
erate Association of the Army of Tennessee,
which {ncludesa large mafority of the Confeder-
ate veterans in New Orleans, protested to-day
against Commander J, B. Gordon attending
the G. A. R. encampment at Chicago. As tho
proposition that the Confederate veterans
issue a suitable reply to Gen, Shaw's recent
remarks at Atlanta, ‘jen, Chalaron, president
of the association, inslated that Shaw's re-
marks should be treated with contempt, but
contended that Gen. Gordon should be censured
for taking part [n such meetings and for having
accepted an invitation to attend a similar
meeting soon to take place. Many speakers
were heard pro and con, and finally Gen, Chal-
fron offered the following resolution which
Was unanimously adopted:

“In view of the recent occurrences at At-
lanta and the utterances there of the Com-
mander of the Grand Army of the Republic
this association deprocates and objects to all
so-called reunions of the Blue and Gray and pro-
tests against Gen. John B. Gordon accepting
an invitation to be present at the reunion of
the Grand Army of the Republic in his capacity
of Commander of the United Confederate
Veterans.”

 

 

HARRY PAYNE WHITNEY ILE

 

In a Hospital at Taoson, Arizona—Taken Sick
While on a Hunting Trip.

Tvoson, Ariz., Aug. 15.—-Harry Payne Whit-
ney of New York is ill here. He had been
hunting bears and lions in the mountains and
was taken sick. He came here und entered a
nospital, where he is improving

WHITE RATS OF AMERICA,

 

 

 

An Organtration of Vandeville Actors Whe
Will Fight the Managers.

The “White Rats of America” is the name of
a society of vaudeville performera which has
been organized to oppose the organization of
the proprietors of the vaudeville and continuous
performances theatres throughout the country.
The actora in the new society declare that the
proprietors have combined for the purpose of
reducing their salaries and their aim is to offset
this, but in just what way they will go about it

they, have not yetannounced, They are to have
a benefit performance at the New York Theatre
on Sept 2. :

The new society, {t« organizors say, is made
up onteresy of “‘headliners,’’ that is of actors
whose performances of such importance as
to be memtioned in big letters on the pc sters
and programmes of the t atw iv
are viaying. Primarily it A aocial
formed on the same lines as the “Water Rats of

Me Wh
he ite Rats propose to give a series of
performances throughout the country.

 

ON A BATHHOUSE PLATFORM.

 

Nero, Agrippa. Diacletian and Acting Mayor
Walker in a Class by Themselves.

Cricago, Aug. 15. Emulating the success-
ful example of Alderman “Bathhouse John”
Coughlin in polities Acting Mayor Walker is
devoting himself to eetablishing public bathing
places along the city lake front, from which
bathers have heretofore been barred. Con-
siderable aimus@ment has been caused by a
jJetter of congratulation written to him by a
local clergy man, in which the following passage
occurs:

“When an ancient potentate wished to in-
rratiate himeelf in the good will of the pee le
he used the State revenues in estab’ ishtnat
free bathing places, Agrippa did this; Nero
did this; and Diocletian did it.”

“That is the class that I am in,” said Mr.
Walker yeaterday “History. repeats — itself,
Nero, Agrippa, Diocletian and Walker, upon a
bathhouse platform.”

TO BRING THE STRANDED FROM NOME
Government Offers Free Transportation From
the New Gold Fields.

BeaTTLY, Wash, Aug 15. The steamer
Centennial arrived this evening from Nome.
She left that port on Aug, 3 and brought out
500 passengers and $115,000 in gold dust. The
rainy season had set in, preceded by a severe
storm which wrecked the steamer Merwin
on Nowe beach and damaged a large number
of smaller craft in the roadstead

Gen. Randall had received instructions from
the Government to give free transportation
home to the stranded before winter set in,
It was estimated there were 2,500 who wonild
accept the Government aid to reach their homes
Thus far all who have returned to Seattle have
been able to find employm. nt either in the elty
logging camps, mines or fisheries at good
wages, The demand ie erent and they have
been readily absorbed.

BURGLAR SHOOTS
Sieath Tackled Him Just as He Was Trying to
Break lato a House.

Bripceton, N. Jd., Aug. 15.--Detective Frank
J. Lore was shot in the head by a housel reaker
to-night, fle saw the man try to enter the
residence of former Councilman Kdward P
Bacon, whose family are at the seashore. As
Lore upproached the stranger drew a revolver
and fired, the ball passing upward through
the front of the detectives hat and
naking a flesh wound, Lore pulled

is revolver and aa the two clinched
s*veral more shots were fired. A strugele
ensued on the lawn and Laure succeeded in get-
ting the man down just a8 Sidney Hogan,
«a neighbor, went to his aid. The stranger
was take: to jail, where he gave the name of
Frank Moore

 

DETECTIVE.

 

SEVEN KILLED IN A WRECK.

Carelesanens of a Telegraph Operater Causes

a Fatal Raltroad Accident in Michigan.

Drerrnorr Mich, Aug. 15. Because ‘Tele.
graph Operstor Wells at Mill Creek, four miles
north of “rand Ravide, was aslvep and failed
to deliver proper ordets tothe Grand Rapides
and Indiana Northlind o<press this morning
<even peotle are dead, nine seriously in'ured
and the finest) train on the “raed Rapids
road is awreek. Thetrain collided head en
with a south-beund pous-engor train and the
engineers and firemen and three other (rain
hands were killed

Eight Locomotives for a Canadian Ratlroad,

Manxcoeeren, N. WH, Aug. 15. The Man-
chester Locomotive Works has signed a contract
for delivery to the Intercolonial Railway Com-
many of Canada eight of the largest and
Re teat locomotives that can be constructed
The engines are to be used for fast passenger
trafic. Twenty-eight years ago the locomo-
tive work: here made machines for the Grand

rink sytem, but the order from the Inter-
colonial Railway is the first to be received from
outside the United States since.

 
  

Spectal Legislative Session Catied la Kentacks,
Frankronrt, Ky, Aug. 15.—Gov. Beckham to-
day issued a call convening the General

Assembly in extra session on Tuesday, Aug. 28.
‘the call names but ene subject up n which
legisiation can be introduced, the amendment
or modification of the Goebel Election law.

 

 

 

Cemfert on the Pennsytvanta Rai'road
tsa well-known surety. So are speed, safety and
courteous treatment The dinirg car service ts un-
rivalled,—A de.

4

 

——

SHANGHAT REPORT THAT THE ALLIES
ARRIVED THERE MONDAY.

London Hopeful Now—Goverament Hopes Trea
the Release of the Legations Will Shor@y
Be Achieved—Chinese Minister in London
Reports the Envoys Safe on Aug. 13
Apparent Collapse of the Chinese Oppo-
sition te the Advance a Surprise—Stand-
ards of the Leading Chinese Generals
Captured in the Fighting Near Hesiwa.

Speetal Cable Despatch te Tue SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 16. In view of the unexpected
collapse of the Chinese opposition to the ad-
vanoe of the allies there is a growing inclination
here to belleve that Pekin has been reached.
There is printed here what Pyrporta to be a
telegram from Shangha! to the effect that the
troops arrived at the capital on Monday, but
the source of the report destroys its value.

Even casuming that it is acourate, it conveys
nothiag to alleviate the anxiety regarding the
members of the legations and the other for-
eigners, all the news of whose position is con-
tained in the official messages to the various
Governments.

It may be assumed, however, that the British
Government is somewhat sanguine, as Mr,
Brodrick, Parliamentary Secretary of the
Foreign Office, in the course of a speech yester~
day said:

“We are not without hope that the release of
the legations will shortly be achieved, I cannet
help feeling that the outlook 1s more satisfac
tory now than it was afew daysago.”

The Admiralty has received this despatch
from Rear-Admiral Bruce at Taku:

“Received following from Oaselee dated
Hlosiwu, Aug. 10: ‘Troops distant from Pekin
twenty-seven miles. Experienced little oppo-
sition. Enemy fied. Tartar cavalry were
charged by two squadrons of Bengal Laanoers.
Many of the former were killed. The stand-
ards of Gens. Mah and Sune were captured.
Troops much exhausted by heat, but health
and spirits excellent.’

‘Another despatch from Gen. Gaselee, dated
Aug. 11, says the advance may be delayed by
rain.”

The Foreign Office has received a despatoh
from Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng Luh, the Chinese
Minister to Great Britain, announolnha@ that the
foreign legations in Pekin were safe on Aug. 18.

 

 

RUSSIA'S POLICY STATED.

 

Accepts a German Commander Now. but May
Find it Necessary te Act Alone.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

St. Pererssrnc, Aug. 15.—The Official Mee-
senger prints a long communication in refsrence
to Russia's acquiescence in the appointment of )
Gen. Count von Waldersee as commander of thé ~
allied forcesin China. It concludes:

“It must nqt be overlooked that while the
Fmperor asseiits to place the Russian detach-
ment under the command of a German Field
Marshal, his Majesty has not the least inten-
tion of receding from his political programme,
the fundamental principles of which com-
prise @& complete understanding with
France and the other Powers. Pureuing
no selfish aims, aud striving only for the
speedy restoration of order and the best rela-
tions with her neighbor, China, Russia remains
true to her historical traditions, and if the pro-
longation of disorders in China should abso-
lutely necessitate vigorous military action she
will still abide steadfastly by the humane
heritage which has been the glory of her
army.”

BRITISH HALTED AT SHANGHAI.

 

Viceroy Wont Allow Troops to Land-—Freneh
and Russian Consals Blamed.

Speciai Cable Despatch to Tne Sux.

Tonpon, Ate 16--A despatch from
Shanghai says that British troops from
India have arrived here, but the Vice-
troy objects to their landing It is
believed that the Vicerov has been

urg dto take this course by the French and
Russian Consuls. Vice-Admirol Seymour is
waiting for instructions from the British Gov-
ernment before taking any further action

The English correspondents at Shanghni aa-
cribe the Viceroy's obiection to intrigues by
Frane* and other Powers. It is a situation
particularly characteristic of Shanghai, where
all international jealousies of the world seem
to be focussed. Loca! British opinion is highly
indignant. The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times says that public opinion official aod une
official, is unanimous that the withdrawal
of Great Britain's decision to land troops would,
at this stage, he deplorable and would inevi-
tably produce the worst results. This view is
expressed by the foreign consuls and the lead-
ing Chinese merchants.

Gen. Creragh on Tuesday discussed the situa-
tion with Admiral Seymour, Consul Warren
and the Viceroy’s deputy. The latter suggested
that the landing, if neces-ary, be effected
gradually

Meanwhile, the effect of the anticipated pro-
tection ia markedly shown by the return ofa
large number of natives. The correspond-

ent reports that the Viceroy “ts entirely
willing that the British should land, pro-
vided their landing does not entail

the presences of other forces. He has hitherto
preserved friend y relations with all the Powers,
and while admitting the necessity of precaution-
ary measures in Shanghai desires to avoid in-
ternationa! occupation of the place, which,
sava the correspondent, is a perfectly reason-
able attitude.

As the susp2nsion of the order to disembark
the troops came dir-ct from the British Foreign
Office, with instructions to await further com-
munication, it may be assumed that the inal-
cent has become the subject of diplomatic ne
actiations,

 

TO CUT OFF CHINESE RETREAT.

 

German Report That Aliles Have Senta Cav-
alry Ferce to the South of Pekin. é
Spreial Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Beruan, Aug. 15.--A despatch received here
fron: Tientsin, dated Aug. 11, states that Gen.
Tung Fuh Siang was in personal command
of the Chinese forces at Hostwu. Cavalry of
the allies has gone south to cut off the Chinese
retreat to Pao-ting-fu.

The despatch adds that Prince Tuan, in
Pekin, executes everybody who supplies food
or expresses eympathy with the foreigners,

An cfficial despatch from Taku, dated Aug.
12, announces the departure of the following
reenforvements from Tientain northward:
Capt. Pohl, commanding the German war-
ship Hansa, on Aug. 9, with four officers and
107 men, and Capt, Hecht of the German war-
| ship Hertha, on Aug. 10, with two officers and
| 1h men and previsions. These were fol-
| lowed by water supplies and a bogsage train,
One hundred and sixty Austrians left Tongku
on Au@.10 to join the force advancing on Pekin,

a
a
i

 

' Solid Comfort on the Dey Line between New \ @rk
| and Albany. Breery, Bright and Reauiiful~Adr,

te |

.