f |
‘
t

oe ee SE me

cans

Kee

Marr
Sant

Sate

a RS

 

WASHINGTON OFFICIALS BELIEVE
THERE'S A DOUBLE GAME ON.

Kignificant Maddiiag of Cipher Despatches
From Minister Conger~ No Reply to State
Department Questions — China stl Try-
ing to Force Ministers to Leave Pekin.
Waswinotos, Aug. 16.--A® the Chinese

aiwation approaches the point where the policy
of the Imperial authorities, whether for peace
or war, muat be disclosed, evidence acoumu-
lates of oMelal Chinese duplicity. The crisis
is now on and the next few days must deter-
mine the course that the Pekin Government
will pursue. The besieged foreigners are in
desperate straite, but determined not to sur-
render or trust the Chinese, The fortunes
of the allies are involved in uncertainty They
were only thirty miles from Pekin on Saturday,
the date of the last advices as to their where-
abouts. In this situation the hopeful feeling
that they will rescue the Ministers through
an amicable arrangement satisfactory to the
Chinese Government and the Powers |s coupled
with fear for the success of the expedition
based on the knowledge that the Imperial
authorities have been acting in a way that is
the reverse of friendly while professing to be
on terms of amity with the foreign Ministers
and their Governments

The first direct testimony that the Chinese
authorities were playing @ double game was
given by the Ministers in their identical note
in which they said that the Chinese represented
that the Powers insisted that the Ministers
place themeelvesin care of Imperial soldiers
assigned to escort them out of Pekin. No
sich demand was made on China by the Powers.
The olpher message reosived yesterday from
Mr. Conger showed that the Chinese Govern-
ment had abandoned persuasion and was
attempting to force the Ministers to leave
the capital. While realizing that ft Impertal
authorities are more than anx!cus to get the
Ministers to a place of eafeiy to prevent the
allies from entering Pekin, the character of
the efforts to compel them to go shows dis-
regard for international obligations and leads
to a bitter feeling in Washington official circles.

John Goodnow, the United States Consul
General at Shanghai, added his mite to-day
to the accumulating evidence that the Chinese
Government was not acting in good faith.
Mr. Goodnow’s evidence was in the nature of
opinion, He has had conversations with li
Hung Chang about a proposal for an armistioe
and has been approached for his views fn re-
gard to the proposition to turn the legation-
ere over to Chinese troops to be escorted out
of the capital. Mr. Goodnow urged the State
Department not to accept any Chinese propo-
sitions. He frankly advised the Department
lo distrust all Chinese offers. This advice was
Ponecessary, as the Government had deter-

{ned not to have any negetiations with the
hinese until the Ministers should be deltv-
bred from thetr peril

A despatch similar to that which came from
Jim yesterday was received at the State Depart-
ment from Minister Conger through Consul
‘owler at Chefoo. It had been sent out of Pekin
b Mr. Ragsdale, the United States Consul at

entsin, and was by him forwarded to Mr.

Fowler for transmission by cable to Washing-
ton. Mr. Conger says in his message that the
ituation ts very critical, that the Chinese Gov-
srument is trying to force the Ministers to leave
Pekin, and that they have refused to go, being
jetermined to hold out until the allies
arrive. Part of the message was undecipherable,
aod Mr. Fowler has been instructed to repeat
that part. In connection with this failure to
cranslate all of the message it was learned to-
day that several despatches from Mr. Conger
save been much mangled in the cipher code
rhis garbling, which prevents translation, has
peen so frequent that it has given rise to the
suspicion among a number of officials that Chi-
sse duplicity is at the bottom of it

“That is a reasonable assumption,” admitted
one of the highest officials of the Government
weday, a man who fs noted for conserva-
‘em. By transposing numerajs if cipher sym-
vols the entire meaning of those symbols ts
shanged, and some officials apparently are will-
me to believe that this has been done in Pekin
to prevent information from Minister Conger
trom reaching his Government while the send-
ng of despatches seems to show that the Im-
perial authorities are carrying out in good falth
their promise to transmit messages from the
Ministers in cipher. However, all this is mere
suspicion, and it does not explain why certain
parts of messages containing informution re-
fecting on the Chinese Government have not
been changed.

It was learned also that this Government
nas not received one message from Mr. Conger
which bore evidence of being a response to
wy of the telegrams sent to him by the State
Department. Messages from the Ministers
nave been transmitted through Consul Rags-
fale, Gen. Chaffee and other American officials
n China, but the Government has no positive
tnowledge that these did not first pass through
the hands of Chinese officials. Some of these
despatches also have come to the authorities
aere in such shape that it was impossible to

* wanslate all the symbols into plain English,

It is regarded as suspicious that parts of the
atest Conger messages to the same effect,
one delivered by the Chinese Minister and the
other forwarded by the United States Consul
tt Chefoo, could not be translated from the
vipher code. No doubt is felt that the mes-
‘ages were written by Mr. Conger, and the he-
fef held by the State Department recently,
that the Chinese had a copy of the diplomatic
vipher book, has passed away, but there has
sever been a time when despatches in the State
Jepartment cipher were so generally mangled,
ind the difficulties of translation have become
io great that the officials are beginning to he-
feve that the cipher has been intentionally
ransposed

The untranslatable part of the Conger ries-
inge received yesterday may answer the ques-
fons which Acting Becretary of State Adee
teked the Amerioan Minister in his telegram
of Aug. & The offictals suggested that as
‘easonable. Some of the translated infor-
nition contained in the message delivered
through Minister Wu has not become public.
Yfficials admit that {( is of a character which
‘ompels its suppression. They say that even
f the newspapers obtained it they would
wardly publish it, on account of its nature, but
hey decline to indicate its purport in any
nore definite way

IN THE DARK AS TO CHAFFEE.

 

& Despatch From Matow~—Probable Ways ef
Attacking Pekin.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.—-Uncertainty as to
the condition of the foreign Ministers in Pekin
ind the location of the international relief
‘olumn fills the officials here to-night with
considerable anxiety. The latest informa-
jon from Minister Conger, given in his
nessage received here yesterday, declared
hot =the situation in Pekin was more
tritical than before. Secretary Root and Acting
secretary of State Adee have hoped in vain to-
jay for some word of encouragement. Nothing
‘ame from Gen Chaffee which indicated that
he allied forces had passed beyond Tungehow,
ind nothing was received from Minister Conger
© warrant:#. belief that the situation in
Pekin has improved since he sent the message
eoeived through Minister Wu yesterday, Ad-
niral Remey's cable megsage, dated at Taku,
(ug 12, shows that Gen Chaffee was at Matow
mm the 1ith with many men prostrate from the

reat. Itis as follows:
“Tak, Aug. 12.
“Just received undated from Chaffee, Matow:
festerday’s opposition of no consequence, yet
errible heat. Many men prostrate

nform Secretary War. Remey.”’

Whether the foreign commanders considered |
he condition of the troops serious enough to |

farrantadelay at Matow to enable them to
‘eouperate ia considered doubtful, as it is esti-
nated that the relief column, with the re@n-
orcements which it has been cont nually
eoriving from Tientsin, now numbers about
4,000 men, and this would give the commanders
\ force large enough to spare at least 2,000

 
 

THINK CHINA PLAYS FALSE. |

Please |

et ae ewe Fear rm r

 

men to be left behind on the sick list, A
despatch from Gen. Chaffee, sent through
Admiral Remey and received here several days
ago, said that he expected to reach Tungchow
onthe 12th. The officials have no reason to be-
lieve that thia expectation has not been ful-
filled, though itis doubtful if the column was
able to ocoupy the city without @ battle with
the Chinese

‘Tungchow is about @fteen or sizteen miles
from Matow, and the march could have been
made easily by leaving Matow on Sunday
morning. Ching Chia Wan, about ten miles
north of Matow, would have been reached be-
fore noon and Tungchow by evening. Gen,
Chaffee reports that the opposition at Matow
was of no consequends, butas Ching Chia Wan
presenta a better place for defence it ia oon-
sidered quite probable that the Chinese offered
a more stern resistance at that place and then
fell back upon Tungchow

A close atudy of the condition of the country
between Ching Chia Wan and the fnformation
on hand as to the fortifications of Tungchow
have led some of the army offloers to belleve
that the resistance there was not very serious.
Reports received by the Bureau of Military In-
formation show that three fort, a river bat-
tery anda wall around the ¢lty comprise the
defence of Tungchow. It was supposed several
days ago that these would prove no small ob-
stacle in the way of the allies, but this view has
changed.

Baron von Sterberg, the German Chargé in
Washington, was in consultation with Bscre-
tary Root to-day regarding the movement of
the relief column, and in discussing the defences
of Tungchow he called attention to the fact
that one of the despatches from China early in
July had said that the Boxers had burned
Tungchow. This would of course seriously
affect the defence works, and Indicates that
the Tungchow forts were not considered of
greut importance. It would not, however, pre-
vent the concentration of a large body of Chi-
nese there, and the relief forces may have been
compelled to fight another Sunday battle to
obtain possession of the place,

The strategic position of Tungchow ts be-
lleved to warrant a delay of the international
army for the purpose of perfecting plans for
the immediate advance upon Pekin. Itis about
twelve miles to the east of the captta! and con-
nected therewith by several roads, the principal
one being the paved highway leading to one of
the city gates, Smaller roads through the oulti-
vated part of the country also lead to Pekin, and
there is another approach by river. The paved
highwiy is lined with villages and Chinese
buildings for the entire distance, and the main
column of the advancing army would probably
pass along thisroad, Itisthe opinion of War
Department officials that the plan of approach
upon Pekin would contemplate sending several
columns from Tungchow, each to follow some
one of the roads. In this way fleeing Chinese
along the entire country between Tungchow
and Pekin would be forced back to Pekin.

The absence of information from Gen,
Chaffee, however, is what creates anxiety on
the part of officials. The last message from
Minister Conger caused Secretary Root to send
acable despatch to Gen. Chaffee to hasten as
much as possible the advance upon Pekin. This
was cent yesterday but there le no way of tell-
ing at this time whether it reached Gen. Chaffee
at Tunechow or if he had already departed with
the other commanders for Pekin undera plan
of operations that might involve a slow and de-
liberate advance.

There seems to be no doubt that hordes of
Chinese occupy the country between Tungchow
and Pekin, A rapid advance would mean that
these bands would be attacked immediately by
the advancing columns for the purpose of fore-
ing them back to Pekin, while a more deliberate
plan would be to push slowly toward the city
and occupy the most advantageous positions
for the bombardment of the wall and for-
tifications. The adoption of the latter
plan would probably mean the sending out
of two columns, one to make a detour
to the south of the city and the other a detour
to the northeast, Meanwhile the main column
would advance along the highway. In this way
the retreating Chinese might be caught between
two columns and cut off from escape into Pekin.
If the capture of any considerable number of
Chinese could be effected in this way, it ts
thought, it might have a moral effect on
the troops inside the wall. If they should
be pushed too rapidly they would probably
try to escape within the city and, relying upon
the strength of the wall and fortificationa, leave
the relief column on the outside to gain an en-
trance the best way it could. This would make
necessary the use of heavy artillery, and it
would besome days before an entrance could
be effected,

The officials here have one hope, however,
which is based upon the suggestion made to the
Chinese Government that a part of the relief
force be permitted to enter Pekin under a flag
of truce and bring the Ministers out in safety.
Gen. Chaffee has been fully advised of this
Government's desires in this direotion and will
be prepared, together with the other com-
manders, to receive any such advances from
the Chinese Government.

The Chinese Government, on the other hand,
will have for the defence of Pekin a body of
troops estimated at 50,000, and their effective-
ness will be greatly increased by reason of the
fact that they are well protected by the wall,
The Military Information Bureau has just pre-
pared a collection of noteson China. Referring
to Pekin it says:

“The present city of Pekin ts divided Into two
portions, the northern, or Tartar, city, and the
southern, or Chinese. The former is being
gradually encroached upon by the Chinese, and
the purely Manchu section of the capital will
soon be very limited) The southern city is
almost exclusively oceupied by Chinese. The
general shape of Pekin may be roughly repre-
sented by a square placed upon an oblong, the
former standing for the Tartar and the latter
for the Chinese city. The whole of the capital
is, of course, walled,

“The walis of the Tartar city are atronger.
They average 50 feetin height and 40 feet In
width and are buttressed at intervals of about
sixty yards. The parapets are loopholed and

crenelated. They are faced on both
sides with brick, the space between be-
ing filled with earth and concrete.

Each of the gateways fs surmounted by a three-
storied pagoda. The walis of the Chinese city
are about thirty feet in height, twenty-five feet
thick at the base and fifteen feet wide on the
terreplein, (The total circumference of the
wees around the city slightly exceeds twenty
miles.

While the officials are watching intensely the
movement of the rellef column the probability
of future operations is not being lost sight of.
The conference to-day between Secretary Root
and Baron von Sternberg related to some ex-
tent to plans for these operations and the con-
dition of the country for many miles around
Pekin The question of another landing
place for troops was considered, and it was
agreed that as the river at Tientsin
freezes over as early as Novetnber some port
immediately on the Gulf of PeChi Lior the Liao
Tung Gulfought to be decided upon for the
landing of troops. Thatthis port should be on
the west coast of either guif is not disputed.
Another aubsect considered was the probable
total strength of the international army when
prepared for future operations. Major Simp-
son of the Bureau of Information was sent ler
and he explained the information possessed by
the Department.

CHINESE ASK PROTECTION.

 

Delegation Calls on Gov. Longino to Protest
Against Whitecapping Outrages.

New On.rans, La, Aug. 15.—Gov, Longino
of Mississippi has been waited on by a delega-
tion of Chinese merchants at Rosedale, Bolivar,
Miss., to ask his protection, They complain
that the Chinese in the Yazoo Delta have been
“whitecapped.” The anti-Chinese movement
first showed itself at Aollowdale in Washing-
ton county, where a Chinaman was attacked
and beaten. Several white men were arrested
and are now under bond to await the action
of the Grand Jury. The delegation visiting
(iov Longing reported that all the Chinese
in Bolivar had been ordered to leave the county
within five days. They did not want to leave,
being owners of property. The Chinese got
the promises of all the protection the State of
Mississippi could give them. CGiov. Longino
wrote to a number of the leading citizens of
Rolivar, calling their attention to the matter
and urging them to take hold of it. He thought
it indicated that a lot of irresponsible and law-
leas men had used the Boxer outrages in China
as an excise for outraging and robbing the
Chinese in Missiscippi.

 

CRUISER OFF TO SHANGHAI.

.
NEW ORLEANS ORDERED TO PROTECT
AMERICAN INTERESTS.

 

 

Reports of Mevacing Conditions Recetved to
Washington—Departure of the New Orlea
From Cavite — Situation Created by the
Arrival at Shanghal of British Transports.

WasHINoTON, Aug. 15. —Information received
here within a few days showed the situation
at Shanghai to be so alarming that the United
States cruiser New Orleans, the largest vessel
in active service In the Philippines, was ordered
to proceed to Shanghai with all deapatch. A
telegram received by the Navy Department
to-day reported her departure from Cavité for
Woosung, twelve miles from the perturbed
commercial centre. Woosung is a newly opened
treaty port situated so as to command the ap-
proach to Shanghai. Capt. J. G. Green, the
commander of the New Orleans, was instructed
by telegraph to protect Americans and their
interesta in the event of an outbreak.

The Hong Kong report that the Bogue forts
at Canton will fire on the United States mon-
{tor Monterey if she is sent to that place may
be based on erroneous information conoern-
ing the orders to the New Orleans. If Ad-
miral Remey has ordered the Monterey to
Canton he has not notified the Navy Depart-
ment of that fact and it would be strange if
he neglected to do so. Naval officials say that
the Department has certainly not directed the
Monterey to go to Canton. They are confident
that the report about the Monterey is wrong,
not only because no alarming news in regard
to the situation at Canton has been received
here, but for the reasons that the Monterey
is practically out of commission and Admiral
Remey is opposed to sending monitors to sea
at this season of the year. When the Navy
Department in the latter part of June ordered
the monitor Monadnock from Manila to Taku
Admiral Remey objected and the order was
countermanded. One of his objections was
that it was dangerous to send monitors to sea
in the typhoon season.

Several despatches have been received by
the State Department from Mr. Goodnow,
the Consul-Genera!l at Shanghal, telling of the
excitement that has been caused among the
native population by the announcement by
Vice-Admiral Seymour of the British Navy
that he intends to land 3,000 troops there to
protect foreign interesta. Consul-Geveral
Goodnow sent despatches to the State Depart-
ment criticising the intention of the British,
which he believed would cause an anti-foreign
outbreak, and Li Hung Chang and the other
Vioeroys of Southern China united in a petition
to this Government to use its influence with
Great Britain to avert the landing of an armed
force. The United States Government was
compelled to deny the petition on the general
ground that any nation had the right to land
troops at a place where its interests were in
danger, and there were no guarantees of pro-
tection from the national or local authorities.
That principle will be adhered to and Capt.
Green has been so advised.

Press despatches from Shanghal to-day
tel] of the arrival there of the transports from
India carrying the British troops to compose
the landing force. It is now for the British
Government to determine whether her interests
will be served better by putting the troops
ashore, with the attendant danger of an anti-
foreign uprising in the Yang-tse provinces,
or by keeping them on the transports for the
time being. Great Britain, is suspected by
some of the Continental Powers of being more
anxious to secure a foothold in the Yang-tse
region than to protect foreigners, and the
situation is complicated by the chances of
friction between the Powers if the troops are
sent ashore.

PRAISE FOR THE JAPANESE.

They Did the Hardest Work et Peitsang—Made
a Brilliant Cavairy Charge.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lowpon, Aug. 15.—A despatch to a news
agency from Peitsang, of date of Aug. 6, says of
the fighting in that vicinity:

“The Japanese did all the hardest work.
They advanced boldly across a plain where
there was no shelter, and by outflanking the
Chinese, drove them from a series of strong
mud walls and trenches, which extended for
five miles. One feature of the fighting was a
brilllant charge of the Japanese cavalry, which
captured ten fleld guns.

“The British naval guns and two big Russian
guns silenced the Chinese artillery.s

“The Chinese retreated in good order, and
left only a few of their dead on the fleld, but I
counted 200 Japanese dead and wounded. The
Americans had no casualties.”

The Japanese Minister to Great Britain
said to-day that the whole Japanese force
was marching toward Pekin with the Allies.
He did not think the Chinese would make a
stand before reaching the capital.

 

 

 

 

FRANCE ACCEPTS VON WALDERSEE.

 

All the Powers Have Now Agreed On Him as
Commander of the Alites.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Paris, Aug. 15.--It{is known that France has
accepted the appointment of Field Marshal von
Waldersee as commander of the allied forces in
China. All the Powers have now acquiesced in
the appointment.

CoLoanr, Aug. 15.—The Berlin correspondent
of the Cologne Goeette says the reply of France in
regard to the appointment of Field Marsha)
Count yon Waldersee to the chief command of
the allied troops In China Is entirely satisfactory.

The Cologne Volka Zeitung, the organ of the
Centrist party, in an article on Chinese affairs
to-day, says that while it thinks Germany acted
too quickly and too rashly regarding matters
in the Far East, still it sees no necessity for
summoning the Reichstag to meet, inasmuch
as the Government has already und w‘aken full
responsibility for all necessary measures,

 

REPORT FROM FRENCH MINISTER.

 

Firtag Has Not Entirely Coased—Wont Leave
Pekin Without European Ald.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Paris, Aug. 15.—-A despatch received to-
day from M. Pichon, French Minister at Pekin,
is dated Aug. 9 and says:

“We are absolutely ignorant of what goes
on outaide the legations, which continue to
exist behind barricades and surrounded by
offensive works. If negotiations hinder the
march of the foreign troops, in which is our
only safety, we risk falling into the hands of
the Chinese, The quarter in which the French
legation is situated is still occupied by Im-
perial troops who have not completely ceased
their fire. All the legation's apartments, with
their contents, have been burned, We are
reduced to siege rations, We ha.» provisions
~-horse, rice and bread—for a fortnight.”

The despatch concludes: “Impossible to
quit Pekin without European aid.”

CHUNGKING NOT DISTURBED.

Viceroy of Szrechuen Urges the Customs Staff
to Return Missionaries Safe.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Loxpnon, Aug. 16-—-T7e recent rumors con-
cerning the critic! position at Chune-
king are not substantiated. Kueichung,
the Manchu Viceroy of Szechuen, who is
regarded as iriendly to foreigners, is
represented as being much disgusted by these
rumors. He earnettly requests the custome
staff to return and open the port, promising
them special protection and assuring them that
there is no danger

Numbers of European missionaries and others |

from Chungking have arrived anfely at the
coast or are within a short distance thereof,
Salisbury and Von Buelow May Confer.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
LONDON, Aug. 16. -A despatch to the Standard

from Berlin says it is believed that during Lord |

Salisbury's stey in Vosges a meeting with
Count von Buelow, the German Fore gn Minis-
ter, will be arranged,

    

HOLDING OUT AT ELANDS RIVER.

British Garrison There Not Captared by Gen.
Delarey as Reported.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 15.—Io a despatoh dated Pre-
toria, Aug. 14, Gen, Roberts cohfirms the re-
port that Col. Hoare, who was reported captured
by the Boers under Gen, Delarey, was holding
out at Elands River on Aug. 10, when he des-
patched a mvasenger who reached Mafeking
Aug. 13. He reports that he had sixty-seven
casualties, Gen. Carrington has been ordered
to go immediately to Zeerust. “en. Hamilton
has been informed of the necessity for helping
Col, Hoare as soon as possible. Gen. Hamil-
ton'’s mounted troops should have been less
than forty miles from Hlands Kiver on the
afternoon of Aug. 14.

Gen. Roberta adds that there is nothing fresh
from Gen. Methuen or Gen. Kitchener, who
are some distance from a telegraph line.

fle further says that it has been ascertained
that Col. Helyar, who was reported missing,
has been murdered by Boers, Two arrests
have been made

LONDON, Aug. 16.—The result of the British
hunt for Gen. De Wet {s still awalted with {nter-
est.. Judging '!from the report of the Pretoria
correspondent of the Morning Post it would
asem that the opinion there is that
matters are going well for the British,
though apparently nothing is known certainly.
The correspondent believes that Gen. De Wet
crossed Schoon Sprult at Ventersdorp, in which
case he is regarded as being in a bad position
owing to the nature of the ground.

Gen. Roberte’s despatch to the War Office
contains the latest information concerning Col.
Hoare, whose safety on Aug. 10 is arousing
strong hope. It was Col. Hoare who was
temporarily captured by Eloff when the
latter plerced the Mafeking defences. Later
Eloff was compelled in turn to surrender to his
own prisoner.

The latest report concerning Gen. Buller
oomes from Durban. He is said to be march-
{ng on Barberton.

 

 

MOST OF THE BOERS WANT PEACE.

Consul Stowe's Statement After His Visit to
the Transvaal,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Caprz Town, Aug. 15.--Mr. Stowe, the Amert-
oan Consul-Genera)], who has been visiting the
Transvaal, has returned here. He says that
a vast majority of the Boers want peace.

‘There were only ten Boers inthe commando
which attacked hia train as he was journeying
north. All the rest were foreigners.

SHENG’S AMERICAN ADVISER QUITS,

American Association at Shanghai Requested
Him to Give Up the Post,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lowpon, Aug. 15.—A news agenoy despatch
from Shanghai states that Ferguson, the Amer!-
can who has been acting as adviser to Taotai
Sheng, has resigned in consequence of press
criticism of his action, It is stated thatthe
American Association requested him to give up
his post.

The incident is regarded as significant as the
intimacy of certain American officials with
Sheng has been much remarked even by mem-
bers of the American colony.

John C. Ferguson, who was pdyiser te 8) \
ig 06 yeere old and was bornin Canada. He

resident of the University of Sha { an
the Chinese have conferred on him the Third
Button of the Empire. a high favor, and one that
frege big ie the judicial caste. His brother is
the Dr. Wilbert Ferguson, pastor of St.
Luke's M. E. Church in Newark.

 

 

FRENCH DOCK STRIKES SERIOUS,

 

More Than Forty Large Steamers Are Hold
Up at Marseilles.

Speetal Cabdie Despatch to THE SUN,

Parts, Aug. 15.—The strike situation {n Mar-
seilles is becoming worse. It is estimated that
mere than 5.000 stokers have quit work. Many
of them are artned. There have been some
acts of violence, but no general rioting.

More than forty large steamers are idly wait-
ing complements for their flrerooms. Naval
stokers are being sentto work on the mail
steamers. The dispute has spread to Bor-
deaux.

A meeting of sailors and firemen has decided
toinaugurate a general strike to-morrow un-
less their demands are conceded. The dock
laborers at Havre have struok again.

 

 

BIG BELGIAN SHIPYARD PLANNED.

Largest One on the Contineat to Be Bailt
Near Antwerp.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Brvssers, Aug. 15.—-Col. Thys, who ts called
the Belgian Cecil Rhodes, and other capttalists
of Brussels, Hamburg and Bremen intend to
build near Antwerp a shipyard which will be
the largest on the continent. It is believed
that the North German Lloyd Steamship Com-
pany isinterestedinthe undertaking.

Grand Prizes to English Painters,
Speciat Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, Aug. 15.—The fine arta section of the
Exposition has awarded grand prizes to Wil-
liam Quiller Orchardson and Sr Lawrence
Alma-Tadema, the well-known painters.

Prince aud Princess of Wales Go to Germany.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Aug. 15.--The Prince and Princess
of Wales started for Germany to-day. They
are travelling by way of Harwich and the Hook
of Holland.

Choate Has Lunch on the Baltimore,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 15 -Ambassador Choate and
the staff of the embassv took lunch to-day on
board the American cruiser Baltimore.

 

 

 

PAO-TING-FU MISSIONARIES DEAD,

 

The Presbyterians Killed om Jane 30 and the
Others on Jaly 1, a Messenger Reports,

Boston, Aug. 15.-A cablegram was received
to-day by the American Board of Commis-
sioners of Foreign Missions, dated Chefoo,
Aug. 13, from Consul Fowler, The message
says that Consul Fowler sent a messenger
to Pao-ting-fu to ascertain the fate of the

missionaries stationed there. The messenger
returned with the report that the Presbyterian
missionaries were killed on June 20, and the
Congregational and China Inland missionaries
on July 4

The missionaries of the American board
stationed at Pao-ting-fu were the Rev, Horace
T. Pitkin (Mrs. Pitkin being at her home in
Troy, Ohio), Miss Mary 8. Morrill and Miss
Annie A. Gould, both of Portland, Me. The
character of the messenger sent to Pao-ting-fu
is wholly unknown to the officers of the board,
but the message indicates that Consul Fowler
and the Rev. Henry D. Porter credit the report
Miss Gould is the young woman who wrote to
her father at Portland, Me., in June a deserip-
tion of the situation there, saying that both
she and Miss Morrill would not go to a place
of safety if they could, because it would mean
the desertion of the native Christian girls in
their achool. The letter was printed in Tne
Sen at the time.

PortTLaAND, Me. Aug. 15. -Major John M.
Gould, the father of Miss Annie A. Gould, re-
ceived a telegram from the American Board
in relation to the reported massacre at Pao-

tng-fu on June % and July 1. As these
dates do not agree with anything previously
reported, Major Gould still clings to the hope

that the information is untrue, and that his
daughter is still alive

 

 
 

Maine Signal Men May Re Asked to Volanteer
in
PortTLann, Me., Aug, 15. Capt. Butler of the
Maine Signal Cores, encamped with the Na-
tional Guard on the State muster fleld at Au-
ensta, to-night received from Washington an
inquiry as to whether his men. would be
willing to volunteer for service in China. The
communication was read in the corps head-
quarters and was received with @reat enthusi-
asm. Tt is believed that practically all the
members of the corps will volunteer. The
Maine Signal Corps did gallant service in Cuba
during the Spanish war

Where Two Ganboats Are,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15. The gunboat Nash-
ville has returnee to Chefoo, where she will be
stationshio. The «unbdoat Yorktown ‘eft Chefoo
for Taku yesterday

a
SS A

  
     
  

PREACHER LED THE RESCUE

HONAN

 

HOW THRE SHANTUNG AND
MISSIONARIES ESCAPED.

 

A Relief Ship tn Charge of the Rev, George
Cornwell Went From Chefoo-—Pertis Ea-

 

Expedition Was Brought to a Conclusion.

The Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions
in this city received a copy yesterday of a report
submitted to Consul John Fowler at Chefoo,
describing the rescue expedition led by the
Rev. George Cornwell, a Presbyterian mission-
ary, for the relief of the American and English
missionaries in the interior of Shantung and
Honan. The report is dated June 20, and in
part is as follows:

“We left Chefoo on the Japanese ship Kwanko,
June 20, and reached Yang-kia-kon roadstead,
(200 miles due west of Chefoo) the next day.
I found only one person on hand, the Rev.
Cesalre, a French Bishop. That evening the
French Consul and wife arrived, bringing
word that the Chinan-fu party would not ar-
rive before June 25. Consequently I made a
proposition to the Consul to take the steamer
and return to Chefoo at once. He gladly ac-
cepted the offer. On arriving, June 21, I at
once sent a especial messenger to Wei-hien
with warning and promise to wait until June
28. On June 28 | sent another messenger to
Wei-hien and one to Chow-ping and Chine-
chow-fu, promising to wait forthe people.
June 24, Mr. Nichols of Chow-ping, an English
Baptist missionary, and a party of four adults
and two children and Mr. Fitch of Wei-hien
arrived overland with a large party of ladies
and children. At my request the French Consul
had left his guard of twenty Chinese soldiers
for me, and they were very efficient. During
the two days before the people began to arrive
I explored the town and made arrangements
for sheltering them, and laid in supplies.

“On June 25, 1 «ent the above-mentioned
two parties down to the steamer and watched
for the Chinan-fu party in order to transfer
them from the river boat to the lighter with-
out going to the inn. ‘Ihe Honan party, ten
Canadian Presbyterian missionaries, were thus
transferred when they arrived at & A. M. and
was sent aboard the steamer. A large Chip-
an-fu party arrived in twelve boats during the
morning of June 25. Difficulty was found
in securing lighters. The third lighter which
I had previously secured was filled and sent
down the river to be driven back shortly after
starting by head winds. Failing in securing
other lighters | applied to the customs officers,
who obtained for the remainder of the party
a large junk. All went aboard at once and
tried to drop down the river to the ship, Wind
and tide were contrary and we could not start
till ofter imidnight. We kept to the boats
eating and sleeping as best we could aboard
and at the turn of the tide were able to make
about three miles before Gaylight Against
headwinds. We tacked against the wind all
day and late in the afternoon reached the coast
atill some seven miles from the steamer. The
rain fell heavily and I feured a typhoon, so
we had all the foreigners gat aboard the junk,
leat the lighters should be swamped in the
night. Nearly all became seasick, Reaching
a depth where the steamer could come, we
anchored and sent up a flag of distress, also
firing several volleys with the guns of our na-
tive eacort, Most of these were too sick to
hold a gun and three of us foreigners assisted,
After two hours of waiting and tossing about,
we managed to attract the attention of the
steamer, She cautiously drew near and sig-
nallad to us to draw alongside. This we could
not do, for the tide bad turned and we dared
not lift our anchor lest we should be drifted
eatirely out of siuht

“Then two sailors from the ship dropped
down and swam through the heavy sea to us,
bringing ropes. They were pulled aboard ex-
hausted. Hawsers were attached and the
steamer drew us up within talking distance
During this process, in attempting to raise
our anchor the bowsprit broke off and we had
to let the anchor and rope gointothe sea. The
sailors were so reluctantto do thisandthece-
lay so increased our peril that Mr. Wato, a Jap-
anese interpreter, @rew his sword and seized
the engger of one of the guard to cut the rope
The sailors thought we were about to attack
them and pleaded for their lives. The steamer
now attempted to tow us to a place of safety,
but the boat pitched and the waves dashed
over us so that we had to be dropped. The
ship went on and we were driven back by the
wind to Yang-kia-kon, where we sent word
to Chefoo for a steam tug.

“On our arrival at Yang-kia-kon we learned
that the Wei-hien mission compound had been
burned. We were denied admittance to the
inn, courteously, but none the less firmly, and I
had to get the customs official to use pressure.
Then the whole [on was practically put at our
disposal, We impressed upon the customs
official the fact that nothing was to be gained
by a disturbance, and told him forcibly if as
much as a child was injured there, the place
would be razed to the ground. June 28a party
of elght missionaries from Ching-chow-fi ar-
rived. Soon word came in from various sources
that the Boxers were gathering in town and
that 100 had been seen. We decided to make
another start that night. A guard of forty
soldiers was left at the inn to wait for other
refugees. We reached the ship ail safe, the
last boat about & o'clock in the morning. On
our way to Chefoo we turned aside to Taiping-
wen in search of the Japanese steamer Helan,
which we heard was on its way to Yang-kia-kon.
The comprador refused to wait for the people
at Yang-kia-kon. He was obstinate in his re-
fueal, though we offered him $300 a day to wait
for the arrival of refugees at Yang-kia-kon, and
from there bring them to Chefoo. Then we
put before him the serious nature of his refusal,
as it was possibly a matter of life or death, but
it wasof nose.”

Miss Charlotte Hawes, a Presbyterian mis-
sionary, who was present at the burning of
the mission compound at Wei-hien, has ar-
rived at her home in Pittsburg. In a letter
to the Presbyterian Board, received yesterday,
she wrote as follows concerning the destrue-
tion of the Wei-hien compound

ln a few minutes the mob was around the
house we were in. and we heard the window-
panes being smashed and saw the flames from
our little chapel where we had worshipped,
also the flames on the other side from Misa
Boughton's house. We prayed together and
shook hands expecting soon to be murdered.
Mr. Chalfant looked out at the burning chapel
and house and saw, to his surprise. no one in
the east vard. God gave us this way to es-
cape. While we were crossing the yard and
getting the Christian woren and ourselves
over the wall the greedy mob were buay stenl-
ing our boxes. A few of the evil men saw
ua escaping, threw a big brick and called out
‘The foreign devils are getting awav' Kill
them' Kill them!’ But not a man followed
us. Then we lav hidden in the corn Waiting
for darkness. There is scarcely any doupt
but our native Christians to-day are scattered
and perseciited and tortured. My faithful
cook, who prepared for ns the last food which
renewed our strength for that long walk of
ten miles to the German mines. was beaten
almost to death by the mob. They tore his
clothes all off of him. took his money and neat
him with a club having nails in it.”

In a letter received by the American Bible
Society the Rev. John R. Hykes at Shanghal
writes that on July 1 probably 50.000
people had left the city He wrote in part
as follows: “Every steamer for the south
was crowded to its fullest capacity. For a
boat which could be hired in ordinary times
for $8 as much as $75 was demanded and re-
ceived. The place ts simply overrun with
Ruddhist priests. These were the _forerun-
ners of the Boxers In the north, and we fear
that their sudden appearance here in large
numbers bodes no good.”

Bishop Graves of Shanghal has cabled to
the Rey. Arthur lL. Lloyd, General Secretary
ot the Protestant Enisconal Foreign Missions
Board, that it would be inadvisable for any of
the Episcopal missionaries now in this country
on furlough to return to China on Sept. 10
as had been arranged

 

SILK-STOCKING FIREMEN ON VIEW.

Chief of Larchmont Depart ment Shouts His
Orders Throngh a Gold Trampet.

Larcumonr, Aug. 15. ‘The annual parade of
the Larchmont Fire Department was held to-
night. The Chief of the department is May-
hew W. Bronson, a wealthy man, who tssued
his orders through a $500 gold trumpet. The
volunteer department, composed of bankers
brokers, merchants and clubmen, were greet:
with red fire and fireworks all along the line of
march. After the procession the firemen at-
tended a dinner at the Casino, at which the
souvenirs were gold buttons

TROOP LL OF THE CFIFTA OFF.
They Took With Them the Horses That Ar-
rived on the Transport Pennsylvania.

Troop t.ofthe Fifth United States Cavalry,
under command of Major Thomas, left Jersey
City yesterday for Fort Myer, Va. They
took with them all the horses that arrived on
the transport Pennsylvania. Among them
were the remnant of the herd of twenty-five
that escaped from the Central stockyards
when nine were killed by a Lackawanna train
at Sanford'’s crossing on Monday night Great
trouble was experienced in getting the ani-
mals that had been confined in the pens since
Monday on toe cars, but the sixteen that had
scoured the meadows all Monday night and
part of Tuesday were as meek ax lambs. The
men of the troop were glad to get away and
cheered lustily as the train pulled out of the
stock yards to the Pennsylvania Railroad

ste

 

sities iti gc cS A SSS SS
siateaeinaitlivsinsini

isting cee gs haematite eieigahdinkseeagiieeeeaagebcoennneieemieinicineneianp biting deiandichianis, cesahimnasiiiglateinnnatsadtiaae
"

rr ee

BURLEIGH DBAD.

One of the Rusiness and Political Leaders of
Northorn New York—His Career.

Wurrsnaun, N Y., Aug. 15--Former Con-
gressman Henry G. Burleigh died to-night at
7 o'clock after an illness of a year. Mr. Bur-
leigh was born in Canaan, N. H., on June 2,
1892, and was of English descent He began
business at Tloonderoga and by industry
amassed a fort of about $1,000,000. He
was a large dedier in ‘umber and real estate
and was interested {n transportation com-
panies, In 1866 he opened an office in Whitehall.
He was one of the organizers of the Repub-
lean party in Essex county. He held numer-
ous town offices and in 1876 was Member of
Assembly from Washington county. In the
Assembly he was chairman of the Committee
on Canals and waa zealous in the exposure
of the canal ring. In 1862 he was elec to
Congress from the ’ashington- Rensselaer
district and he was redlected in 1884. He was
a prominent and popular re in the House
and a warm personal friend of President Ar-
thur. He was a delegate to the Republican
National conventions of 1884, 1888 and 1892,
and in 1884 was leader of the Arthur forces. In
recent years he carried on a lively fight with
Isaac U. Baker for the control of the Republi-
can organization in Washington county. Mr,
Burleigh was President of the Old
Bank of Whitehall, and the First National Bank
of jicondgroge, and a director in the Inter-
national Paper Company, He was ma

to Jane E. Richards of Ticonderoga in 1870,
She died about a year ago. He is survived
by three sona,

Ww. L. TALCOTT Is

HENRY @.

 

 

DEAD.

His Name Became Familiar in the Dean In-
vestigation.

William L. Talcott, whose name was con-
nected with that of the firm of E. 8.Dean &
Co., when the swindling operations of the firm
were under investigation, died in Hartford,
Conn, on Tuesday, Talcott made consider-
able money in the saloon business fn Hartford

and came to New York to spend it. When
the alleged atock operations of the Dean oom-
vany were being investigated, Talcott's name
Reured rominently in the lega Piocvednee.
It was alleged that he was one of the backers
of the Dean concern, but he was not arrested.
He died of consumption.

 

OBITUARY.

Alexander Benjamin Finkelstein Mamreov,
who was for nearly twenty-five years a reporter
for the New York Times and had also worked
for Tae SUN und other newspapers died
yesterday of heart disease at his home in
Brooklyn. He was born in Palestine of Russian
ancestry forty-nine years ago. His father,
who belonged to the nobility, was exiled from
Russia because of his opposition to the orthodox
Greek Church. He became anAustrian subject.
Alexander was educated at the English college
at Malta. On his return to Palestine he was
appointed United StatesVice-Consul, William

H. Seward saw young Mamreoy, became im-
pressed with him and persuaded him to come
to America. He was Mr. Seward's private secre-
tary for a time. He gave up this place to work
for Appleton’s Encyclopmdia e then be-
came a writer for the newspapers. He was a
linguist of unusual ability, being familiar with
Arabic, French, Kussian, Italian, German,
Spanish and Hebrew. In collaboration witha
brother and sister Mr. Mamreov wrote “Jevat
Nassar, the Story of the Life of Jesus the Naza-
rene,’ in which he maintained that Jesus was
not a Jew but @ Parthian, and that he was born
of man. Mr, Mamreov was for twenty years
a member of the New York Press Club. He
will be buried at Mount Olivet Cemetery to-
morrow morning by the side of one of his sisters.

Henry Harrison Ross of 234 Central Park
West died yesterday in Belmar, N. J, after
an illness of five days. He was the son of
William A. Rossa of Craigavad, County Down,
Ireland, the manufacturer of the Royal Belfast
inger ale. Henry_ Harrison Ross was born tn
olly wood, County Down, Ireland, 57 years ago.
He was educated in private schools and in
1872 came to this country to act as agent for
his father’s firm. He had offices at 11 William
street. In 1874 Mr. Rose married Miss Annie
Scott, the daughter of the late Alexander Scott
of Washington, She and three children sur-
vive him. The children are William A.,
who is connected with the National Park Bank;
Herbert Harrison Scott, who is_in business
with his father, and Miss Efe Carlton Ross.
Mr. Ross was overcome by the heat last Friday
and went to Belmar where his family was spend-
ing the summer. Physicians were summoned
but he grew steadily worse and died yesterday,
His body was brougnt to this city

services will be hel

and the interment wil! be
Cemetery on Long Island,
Fred Lawrence, an old resident of West-
chester county, died at Tarrytown yesterday
in his ninety-first year. He was born in New
York, June 15, 1809, and was educated in the
old Duane street school, He became a resident
of errytown in 1828 and has lived there con-
tinuously since. Through his efforts the Orat

in the Moravian

860 and he became chief of the department
ih 1861 Mr. Lawrence persuaded thirty-five
nembers of the fire department to enlist with
im for two years {n Company H, Thirty-
second New York Volunteers. He took part
with his company in all the great battles on
the Potomac. He enlisted a private, but re-
turned a First Lieutenant, having been promoted
for bravery, After his return he was chief of
solice and deputy sheriff for many years. He
leaves a widow.
Arthur A. Powers, 24 years old, died yester-
day morning while stopping in Utica on his
way from the Adirondacks to this city. He
was graduated from Columbia University with
the class of '97, and while there wrote the li-
brettos fortwo of the college theatrical pro-
ductions, “It Was Twenty-seven Bells by the
Waterbury Watch” and one other of his topical
songs were afterward sung in the “French
Maid.” After his graduation he contributed
for a while ‘o the Record and Guide
a member of Company F, Seventh Regiment
His father, R
Fighty-seventh street, started for Utica yes
terday to bring the body here.
The Rev. Micha (. Powers, a Catholic priest,
died at Wappinger’s Falls, Y., yesterday
afternoon from pneumonia in his eeventy-
seventh year. He was ordained in the New
York diocese fifty-three years ago and his
first charge was at Carthage. From there he
went to Saugerties, where he was pastor twenty-
six years, He had been at Wappinger’s Falls
twenty-two years. He was an advocate of
athletics and established a park for bicycle
and other contests at Wappinger’s Falls. ‘our
vears ago Father Powers attracted attention
by ‘presenting to W. J. Bryan a cane in which
were set sixteen pieces of silver and one of gold.
His funeral will take place on Saturday.
George W. Shonk, at one time Representa-
tive in Congress of the Twelfth Pennsylvania
district, died at the St. James Hotel in Wash-
ington on Tuesday. Mr. Shonk wason his way to
Richmond, Va, on Sunday when he was taken ill
on the train and stopped off at Washington
Heat proetration was the hasis of his trouble
He was from Plymouth, Pa, and was_born
April 26, 1850. He was a member of the Pifty-
second Congress, having been elected on the
Republican ticket. He declined a second nom-
{nation. He practised law in Wilkes-Barre, Pa.
The Rev. F. AH. Rowlandson, a Methodist
reacher, died yesterday of paralysis, in his
76th vear, at his home, 588 L#onard street,Green-
point. For more than thirty years he was
employed as a clerk in the First National Bank
of Brooklyn. Although he had not been en-
faced in ministerial duties for many years,
ne was interested in the work of the First Metho-
dist Episcopal Church in Greenpoint.
Augustus 8. Barber. Secretary of the Repub-
lican State Committee and Secretary of the
New Jersey Senate, died yesterday at his home
at Woodbury, in his thirty-third year, after
an illness of several weeks. He was editor
of the Woodbury Constitution, which his father
founded [sixty-seven years ago. He leaves
a wife and eon,
Mrs. Abbey J. Braidich, wife of A. F. Braidich
the importer of 130 William street, died suddenly
yesterday at her home in Babylon, lL. 1, of
apoplexy. one h
short time before she was strioken. She was
40 years of age and 0 pative of Hartford, Conn.
Her father was Matthew Wood, a merchant
of that city.
John G. Pettigrew of the firm of Pett
Sinclair, building contractors, died on
at his home, 149 Alban
his forty-third year.
three children,
Victor D. Duboce, Colone) of the First Cali-
fornia Volunteers, died in San Francisco " -
alnce

Nesday

© leaves a widow and

 

terday. Col. Duboce had not been well

his return from Manila.

Another Embezziement Charge Against
Arnold,

SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 15.--Another charge of

embezziement, making four in all, has been |

filed in the United States District Court against
Julian T. B. Arnold, son of Sir Edwin Arnold,

British Consul. The complaint alleges that
Arnold, while acting as one of the trustees of
the estate of William Sims of London, em-
bezzled $58,000,

Je Davis After Little Rock's Alleged Ice
Trast.
Lirtie Rock, Ark.,Aug.15..- Attorney-General
Jeff Davis to-day filed suits against the four
ice com
each, alleging thatthe cor

bers of a trust, organi
of ice in this city

rations are mem-
to control the price

fixes the penalty of guilt at $5,000 fine.

the Anti-Trust act of the last legi-lature, which |

ena tmiieieciegeeneiinaeingeineianacaanes

The funeral |
at his late residence to-day |

fire company was organized in Tarrytown in |

He was |

Augustus Powers, of 9 West |

ad been out riding only a |

rew & |

avenue, Brooklyn, in |

| with a delightful favor

nies of Little Rock for $5,000 damages |
| Wp Postum Food Coffe:."’

The suit is brought under |

 

 

A newspaper comments edi.
torially upon the fact that the
flight of mid-summer is always
marked by a disturbance in
values.

You'd believe it if you saw
the hubbub going on now among
our mixed sack suits.

Chiefly, however, among those
marked #15 and 816, where you
can find exceptionally good valte

Roorrs, Perr & Company.

258 Broadwa: . Warren,
and7 and > Warren St.
60 way, cor. noe.
1260 dway, cor. 324,
and 54 West 534 St.

PATERSON CITY PRINTING.

We fll orders
by mail,

     
 

The “Ohronicle’’ Will Test the Legality of
the Aldermen's Resolution.

Paterson, N. J., Aug. 15.—The Chronicle
Printing and Publishing Company has seoured
from Justice Dixon of the Supreme Court a rule
directing the Board of Aldermen of this city
to show cause why a certain resolution shwuld
not be sent up to the Supreme Court for
review. The resolution was adopted by the
Board of Aldermen on May 7. It provided that
allordersa for city advertising and printing be
given only to those printing offices which reoog-
nize the local typographical union. It also
directed the Finance Committee and the Comp-
troller to audit no bills for printing done in
other than union printing offloes

In July the Printing Committee of the Board
solicited bids for printing the enous orte of
the city, andthe bid of the Chronic 3 Printin
and Publishing Company was the lowest. A
big delegation of union printers appeared
at the meeting of the committee
to protest against the contract being
awarded to the Chronicle, which ie 4 non-union
office. The committee adjourned without
taking action and since then Chairman Roe has
been unable to get the members together. The
Aldermen do not want to put themsel on
record against the union. The Chronicle has
decided to test the legality of the resolution,
The rule is returnable on Nov. 7.

 

WAR IN STRUCTURAL STEEL,

Reduction of 68 a Ton in Price for the Pur
poses of Retaliation.

Pirrssund, Pa., Aug. 15.—The structural steel
manufacturers announced a cut of $8 a
ton to-day. The reduction ts a retallatory
action against the American Steel Hoop
Company and the American Steel and
Wire Company. These two corporations
are accused by the atructural steel

manufacturers of hav.ng lately supplied the
market with shapes at as much as $10 aton

below the pool agreement rate. The struc-
tural men who compose the Beam Poo
have been holding meetings in New

York for the purpose of
the source of the cheap material. They sus-
fected eich other at first, but finally agreed
hat the American Steel and Wire was turning
out the goods at Cleveland and the American
Steel Hoop Company at its Bridgeport plant.
As soon as the members of the Beam
Poo! were satisfied that their
ions _ were correct they conferred
the long distance telephone, obtained the
consent of eveay member and to-day an-
nounced the cut of 88, making the rate in-
atead of $38. They will try to make the two
corporations named rue having forsaken their
specialties to compete in the structural market,

GIRL MISSING SINCE AUG 6.

Margaret Haas's Father Asks the Police te
Search for Her.

William Haas, a piano manufacturer, of 18

Rogers place, in The Bronx, bas asked
the police to help him find his 18-
year-old daughter, Margaret, who dis-

appeared on Aug. 6. The giri’s mother is ill
as the result of her daughter's disappearance
and of her own search for her at Coney Island,
Blackwell's Island, in the Lospitals and at
MeGurk's ‘suicide bail."

The missing girl was engaged to Seret
William H. Joy of Company &, Fifteenth in-
fancry. Joy is in a military hospital ai Fort
Porter, Buffalo. He has written to Mr. Hass
that he knows nothing of the girl's where
abouts.

A day or two before she wentaway the young
wornan received a letter postinarked Chicago,
which seemed to worry her, When asked about
the letter she destroyed it.

BURGLAR STOLE HER JEWELRY.

 

 

 

Mrs. William KR. Hutchinson Robbed in Her
Father's Home.

Pratnrietp, N. J., Aug. 15.—Burglars en-
tered the home of William Wilson in Rahway
avenue, Weastfleld, last night and stole $500
worth of diamonds and jewelry belonging to
his daughter, Mrs. William R. Hutchinson of
New York, who is his guest. Mrs, Hutchinson
was awakened at midnight by a noise and she
saw a form pass through her room. rhe
thief got away. Mrs. Hutehinson's loss i!
cludes a ring set with an opal and a cluster
of ten diamonds, @ garnet ring. a garne! and
diamond breastpin and a pair of diamond
drop earrings

 

Gold Badge for Kane From His Cops.

Police Inspector James Kane of the Fifth
district was the recipient of a solid gold hadce

 

yesterday, presented to him by the rank and
file of the West 125th street station, The pre-
sentation took place at Dietrich's Casino at

the Boulevard and West 110th street. Re-
freshments were served and a vaudeville en-
tertainment was given for the cops

A PUNGENT FOOD DRINK

With the Taste of Coffer.

 

“Perhaps no on® has suffered more from the
use of coffee or failed oftener in the attempt to
leave it off, than I have. Although I never
drank more than halfacup at a time, it eve
then gave me sour stomach and a whole cats
logue of misery. Thiskeptupfor along pertod
and time and again I have resolved that I post
tively would drink no more coffee, but alas. the
reat of the family used it, and, like the reformed
drunkard who smells whiskey and falls acein,
when I smelled coffee, I could not resist it

“Finally we came to try Postum Food Coffee
and my trouble was over atonce, There l had
my favorite beverage, a crisp, dark brown,
rich coffee, with a fine pungent coffee taste

and yet with no sour stomach or, nervous tro
bles after it. On the contrary, T have geined

araduaily instrength and sturdy healt Al
who have spoken to me about Posturn acct
and we have found it so, that the direetio «= fo
making must be followed, and it must be!

at least fifteen fminutes, or more, and it alse

requires the addition of good cream, We hare
tried boiling ita few minutes when in aspec

hurry, but found it insipidand ursatisfactc!
whereas by proper boiling, it is dark and !

  

‘

“Dr. MceMilian of Sunbeam, Ill, said he ha!
used Postum and found it to be just as good 4§
coffee, and more healthful. Heis anv 0
fine standing. Mr. David Stroux and
have left off coffee and are using }os
They find it much more healthful. Rey “

| Campbell, pastor of the Second Un ted Pree
the compta'nant being Wellesiy Moore, acting |

terian Church of this city, says: “You mars
anything good that you wish about Post)!
Food Coffee and I will substantiate it He \*
avery treat lover of coffee and yet fourd

very injurious to hs health. He now 7
Postum three times a day and theo dt’

have disappeared.

“Ishrink from having my name apne?
Public. The statement | have give!
truthful, and | hope will aid seme |
discover that coffee is the cause of th ?
and ails, and they are in a way to eer’
their troubles by leaving off coffee and 14« °%

 
 

This lady lives at Monmouth, Ill. «:
Dame can be given by letter,, upon art t
to the Postum Cereal Co’ Ltd, maxers of
Postum, at Battle Creek, Mich.—

fade 2?

a

rl

py

bs

oom
Pra

that
with

In o
thin,
Amé
Agu
actia
coop
if it
whie

Agu

erss.8,8

defen

TEE 55

g
°»