FILIPINO PLOT LAID BARE

PAPERS CAPTURED
FUNSTON.

BY AGUINALDO'S
BY GEN.

among Thema Trattorous Letter From a Mem-
ber of the Aoti-Imperialist League-—Con-
spiracy (0 Mako Dewey Out an Ally of
Aguinaldo-The Hatching of the Rebellion
Oatiined tn Letters and Memoranda Writ-
ten by Filipino Leaders Japan's Refusal to
Let Them Bay Arms—Their Reliance Upon
the Democratic Party tn the United States,

} would to God that the truth of this
shole Puilippine situation could be known
hy every one in America ths
know it the real history,  in-
gpiration and conditions of this insaurrec-
tion, and the influences, local and ex-
ternal, that now encourage the enemy,

well as the actual sibilities
of these islands and peopies and their re-
Jations to this great East, could be ugderatood
at home. we would hear no more talk of un-
just ‘rhootlog at overnment’ into the Fili-
pinos or of hauling down our flag in the Philip-

pines the so-called anti-imperialiste
would honestly, ascertain the truth on
the ground and not in distant America,
they. whom believe to be honest
met misinformed, would be convinced
of the error of their statements and con-
ciusions and of the unfortunate effect of
ther rublications here t I am shot
by a Filipino bullet it might as well
come trem one of my own men, be-

cause [know from observations contirmed by
captured prisoners that the ventinuance of fight-
ing isch efly due to reporta that are sent out from
America. Gen. H. W. Lawton's last merasage
to hia countrymen, terilten in Nowemdbcr, 1 09.

WasmNnoTon, Aug. 15.—A number of letters
and private papers belonging to Aguinualdo,
and captured some months ago in Luzon by
Gen. Funston, were made publio by the War
Depurtrnent to-day,

Officers of the Pepartment say that this
correspondence fully establishes the truth-
fulness of the assertion that members of the
Anti-Imperialistic League in this country gave
aid and comfort to the enemy during the strug-
gle in the Philippines,

There is one letter from a resident of the
United States, dated at Fort Alamilton, N. Y.,
July 17, 1890, which is regarded as fully justify-
ing a charge of treason against the writer,
Montague R. leverson, of the Anti-Imperial-
{istic League, but it is improbable that such
action will be taken against him, partly on ac-
count of his age and partly because it would
only cause a fresh outery from the members
of the League, The authorities are of the
opinion, however, that Leverson has done no
more than Bryan, and one high officer so re-
marked to-day in referring to the correspond-
ence. leverson went so far in his letter
as to suggest to one of the insurgent officers
that some officer of rank in the service of the
United States should be seized and tried for |
piracy

An equally interesting letter is one from
W. G. St. Clair to Howard W, Bray, the pub-
lisher of the Singapore Free Preas, The writer, |
who evidently took part in the plans for the
compromising of Admiral Dewey and Consuls

 

Pratt aud Mosely, lays great stress on the fact
that the American public should be impressed
with the belief that Dewey and Aguinaldo had
common interests in the Filipino struggle.
In one part of the letter he says: “The sole
thing to have impressed upon the public in
America would be the chaining of Dewey and
Aguina'do together as participators in common
action. Sink everything Into Dewey-Aguinaldo
cooperation that was on both sides honest even
if it did not imply any actual arrangement,
which, of course, Dewey himself could not
make.”

A letter from Agoncillo in Paris, in recom-

|
mending a line of political action for the in- |
surgenta, says: “Foment the actions of the
Democratic party in the United States, which
advocates our independence. I am doing this
in the way it seems fitting toma”

A letter from G. Apacible, at Hong Kong, to
Aguinaldo, speaking of arrangements for the
conflict with the Americans, is also given. I
is dated Nov. 6, 1804, and mentions in two places
a man of the name of Jones as being in their
confidence. It is remarked: “I have received
no news from Jones, with the exception of my
last telegram, which I received from him ad-
dressed from Paris. Perhaps he has communi-
cated with you direct” In conclusion he adds:
‘Together with this goes a letter from Jones,
which was enclosed in a letter I received from
bim from California”

Notes in the handwriting of Paterno and
Buencamino are given, showing thut the nego-
tiations with the General commanding the
American troops early in May, 1899, were to
obtain delay for the equipment of insurgent
forces,

An article published in an insurgent organ
contains this paragraph: “In the meantime
acircular is being passed from hund to hand
containing a summary of statements of what
the papers and some leuding men in the United
Btates suid during the month of September
fo fuvor of our cause.”

The correspondence is as follows:

|
‘
|
!
|
!
'
'
|
|

LETTER PROM MONTAGUE R. LEVERSON, OF THE
ANTI-IMPERIALIST LEAGUE, OF BOSTON,

Fort HAMILTON,

\e
New York, 17th July, 1890.

Befor G. Apacible:

Dear Sirk AND Brotner: Our friend Albert
6. Parson of Lexington gave me your name
as one to whom I should write as a representa-
tive Filipino.

Iam a member of the Anti-Imperialist League
of Boston, of which George 8. Boutwell is presi-
dent and Erving Winslow is secretary. I
have published many articles and letters de-
bouncing the piratical war carried on by Presi-
dent McKinley against your people. He and
Gen. Otis and all his troops are pirates upon
the territory of the natives. Our Presidents
are not in the position of Kings. Our Presi-
dents are not in the least authorized to make
War without the consent of Congress, as McKin-
ley is doing, and all persons compromised in
this war are pirates.

I should like to suggest a plan to you. It is
this: You should seize some official of rank in
the service of the United States and then in-
form the foreign consuls that he was to be
brought before a council of war for piracy and
Write to sald consuls to have representatives
Present at such council of war to see that it is
legul.

Piracy would be shown by conducting a war
in violation of the usages of civilized war, and
the proof would consist in the fact of the consent
to killing defenceless prisoners and non-com-
batants, men, women and children, in cold
blood, and in robbery by officers and soldiers
from non-combatants.

If I were not an old man of more than ¢0
Yeurs I would willingly aid you in your just
Cefence.

1 also suggest that the Filipino Congress
Address an appeal to the people of the United
States

I shall not give you the heads of this appeal.
I merely point out some things which will
especially influence the people. For example,
& reference to the Declaration of Independence
must be inserted, but I believe that it is also
becessary for you to mention in your appeal
the points | have made above to show that this
war is piracy, using them to bring out the
Want of Christian feeling for the soldiers

You must also show that MeKinle; keeps the
People of the United States in ignorance of
the true facts: that he and the members of the
Cabinet have deliberately lied to secure the
ratification of the treaty of peace with Spain
Without the clause which would have assured
oad Uberty of the Filipinos; that they de-

rately lied when they said that Agoncillo
joey Acuinaldo to fight and that a telegram
: ing opposite was intercepted. The
o Was advised from Washington to secure

N@ Passage of the treaty.

_ hot fail to insist upon the atrocities be-
Mentioned, especially the assassination

10 cold blood of wome shi
tack of the f women and children and the

trated
by a Car
bea relat

the

Property of non-combatants per-
by officers and soldiers, especially
tain named Otis, who is believed to
on ive of the General, who not only took
t* for the punishment of the assassins
t who did not even reprimand them.
If you can prove that women have been
"ne, put that also in your statement,
#2 should offer to prove all these atrocl-

before a commission composed of three,

PF

,

    

ler -O

   

 

Americans named by the Congress of the
United States and three Filipinos named by
the Filipino Congress and presided over by
& person of some other nation chosen by the
United States-—he must not be an English-
man, for they are all associated in the crime,

If the publication of any portion of this let-
ter will be of any service you can use it, but
1 think it would be more prudent to keep it
secret,

Do not forget to apeak of the American squad-
roa which blockaded your coasts, bombarding
them without warning to the non-combatants
and peaceful towns, where war would never
have been thought of, but where now the greater
part of the inhabitants, who formerly
friends of the United States, have taken arms
to avenge the deaths of their wives and sons.
Also speak of the refusal of the United States
and Great Britain to renounce the use of ex-
plosive bullets, which was decided upon in the
conference of the Commissioners at The Hague,
and which the United States are now using
although their use was denounced as barbarous
by the other Commissioners at The Hague

Ask the people of the United States if they
think that they are Christians, and ask them
how they can reconcile their pretended religion
with their present conduct toward McKinley
and his war.

This horrible war is a nightmare for me.
It may be folly for me to permit myself to be
affected by it, but ita horror, the eternal in-
famy of it for my country, whose people are
preparing a state of slavery for another, pre-
vents me from sleeping.

1 can say nothing more, but that it would be
well to let the people know that steps are being
taken to introduce militarism into the United
Siates, some examples of which can be shown
from the conduct of Gen. Merriam in Idaho,
Very sincerely, Montaave R, LEVERSON.

Note.—Translated from the Spanish trans-
lation of the original

1 certify that 1 believe this translation to be
correct, JoHN R. M. Taytor,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry in charge of

Insurgent Records.

MANILA, P. 1, May 8, 1900,

COPY OF AN IMPORTANT LETTER OF
8T. CLAIN TO MR. HOWARD W. BRAY
SINGAPORE, June 16, 1S99
[ have read your note to Muke-
ume (1) and am sorry you still complain of
ever, Pratt torduy lus made over churge
to Mosely (2). Tam sorry he is going: we had
Inuny a pleasant talk together und he is sin-
cerely a Well-wisher to the cause of honorable
liberty in the Philippines. Iam sorry to note
what you aay about his action ugainst Fore-
man’s book; (a) that auction, of course, in ng
way implies that he at all changes his ideus
and sympathies, but it was and F did not
hesitate to assure him so- quite necessary to
vindicate his integrity as Consul. A man
would have been worse than a fool to have
sed 48 Making un agreement when his author-
ty ia so strictly circumscribed, Dewey quite
approved of his action; some think he should
carry it further. I dont think that it is neoes-
sary, us his pubsishors will insert a fly-leaf
with a full statement and expression of regret
I felt it to be my duty to let Pratt know that
you still hold that you and Santos have evidence
that will controvert his. He was, of course,
extremely disappointed, because he was quite
unaware of what took place in Spanish, and as
to any turning of his conversation into a
wetence at agreement he knows nothing.
le says very truly: “My own party, the Demo-
crats, will say if they read this book: ‘If this
man takes it on himself to be a Plenipotentiary
without authority, we had better not employ
him any more!” f frankly cannot understand
rou Aowon: as to its unwisdom I have no doubt

at all,

Admiral Dewey goes home, it is believed
to advise the President on naval and colonial
affairs. He knows exactly what did take place
and what did not, and I should know; if he had
any ground to think that the slightest promise
was made by Pratt to Aguinaldo he would de-
clare it unauthorized and decline to act on it,
I am certain Pratt reported what he supposed
took place, accurately: he has no surety on
what vou might have aaid, naturally

And, curiously, you never mentioned to me
anything of the agreement as having taken

lace then, nor in the paper you communicated
oO me was there any mention of one, nor did
Pratt know of any. It isonly more recently
that the fiction took shape. “The wish father
to the thought,” or the statement repeated
till it has become believed by the —— (4). This
is common.

Now I would like to urge you, from the practi-
cal point of view, to drop any such foolish-
ness. The vital thing, and nothing el*e counts,
is what Dewey said and did when he at last
met Aguinaldo. That, that, that is the thing;
all elae is empty wind.

Dewey is somebody; Dewey \|s everybody!
Do you think that the American people will
allow Dewey to get into trouble? No; they
will rather chuck MeKinley, do you see? Do
you realize this? You don't! If you did rou
would have cropped all silly clamor about what
Pratt did and said, and you would not
have lost eight of the only fact worth
a damn (5)—Dewey's actions--which = is
alpha and omega of the whole situa
tion. Do you not seo that that, and that
alone, hadany executive value, and that nothing
has any Value but that? Supnosing that Pratt
and Wildman had covered inches of paper with
“clauses” and put on a ton of sealing wax as
consular seals, what, pray, to any commons
sense mind would all that have been worth?
Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! And vet where
{s the nareement, where is the seal? Where
arethoreany sienatures? Andifyouhadthem—
waste paper believe me, that all this pother
about Prattand Wildman is energy misdirected

The sole thing to have impressed upon the
public in America would he the chaining of
Dewey and Aguinaldo together as particinators
in common action you surely comprehend what
this means’ Think and think again: it means
success as far as is possible. The other work
is not only lost but does not gain much sym.
pathy, especially this eriticlem of the conduct
of American troops: things may be true that
are not expedient to sav. Sink everything
into Dewey-Aguinaldo codneration, that was
on both sides honest even if it did not imply any
actual arrangement, which, of course, Dewey
himeelf could not make. That here you have
the facts, undented, incontrovertible. Dewey
will, in America, insist on this codneration;
he will do all he can to undo the unfortunate
effect of the advent of American militarism
a wedge between him and the Filipinos. Dewey
was helplewa in the face of the action of God,
He could not really look with favor or with
anything but regret on his suppression by

MR Wo

Dran Bray

Gen. Merritt and being cut off from com-
munication with Aguinaldo. But Dewey's
turn for power in colonial affairs is coming, T

must not tell you what he said to
me but I believe he hopes for a complete
reconciliation and an ustmient that will
really satisfy the Filipinos

Of course we can all see the blood spilt is a
great difficulty, but if a new spirit is to be im-
arted into American policy I believe that
Jewey, and the American worship of Dewey,
are to be the forces that will effect unquestion-
ably the desired change.

Pardon my bluntness you very well know my
sincerity in the matter. I dare say vou thought
sour tactics were the best; but they were not.
orward, now, and adopt the best. Dewey
is the “key.” In haste, yours, St. CLain.

Notes- (1) This gentleman is the partner
of St. Clair, editor of Singapore Free Preas.
(2) Mr. Mosely is the American Consul who
relieved Pratt at Singapore. (8) Mr. Foremen,
well known in the Philippines, wrote a book
on the Philippines; lately he reédited his book
inserting the Singapore convention on the
facts Consul Pratt asked of the courts. (4)
Mr. St. Clair writes so badly that his letter is
unintelligible In this part. (5) Here, too, it is
not to be understood.

I certify that this is a true copy of the original.

Jonn RM. Taynor,
Captain Fourteenth Infantry, in charge of
Insurgent Records.
MaNiva P. L May 16, 1900.

LETTER OF A. MABINI, PRESIDENT OF THE CoUN-
Ci, TO AGUINALDO IN REGARD TO THE
ADVISABLLITY OF AN ATTACK UPON MANILA,

Honorable President

Last night a meeting of the Council was held
because, according to Arsenio, you want to know
the opinion of the Council as to the advisability
of entering Manila and taking chances upon the
result, Since these decisions must be kept secret
to avoid people knowing them and spreading
them about so that they will reach the ears
of the enemy, we have thought fit to leave
you full liberty to do what you think proper
in the matter, In spite of this 1 think it my
duty to lay before you certain facts

You know very well that Mayp
the Deposito, Santolan Guadalupe,
Macati and Pineda are in the hands of the
‘Americans and you also know that these places
are strong and it would only be with dimeuity
that we vould reoccupy them, It is said
that there is a secret path by way of Bitas by
which we could pass; still we should not trust
to this because {it is said that the Americans
know it and that they leave few guards there
to form a trap in which they can take us,

If we attack at once all along the line, I
believe that it will cost our soldiers much labor,
especially in Loma, the Deposito, Guadalupe
and San Pedro Macati, If we do not win and
we have heavy losses, it will be diMicult for us
to arouse the hearts of the people again and
this would mark the beginning of our fall.

My idea is that it would be best for you to
question all people coming from Manila in re-
gard to the posts of the Americans and from
this information choose the best point and the
one moat easy to enter

When vou have studied this, place a division
of the chosen soldiers in reserve in a place where
their presence will not be suspected by the enemy
and warn the people of Manila that when our
soldiers arrive on the outskirts they also will

ttack
. During the night which you decide upon,
the division which you choose will pass at once
to the point where the entrance is to be made
and at dawn will attack with the utmost vigor.

believe

jo, Loma,
an Pedro

  

   

were |

nmr

we -

A simultaneous attack will then be made upon
all American posts, and to oo this every Gen-
eral will make up his mind how to attack the
point given to him. still, itis best that they
»” hidaen in some place.

It is necessary to open up a road to enter
by and as soon as the rifles are outnumbered in
the suburbs, the Sanaatahan of Manila will
move out and will attack the line all along its
length Itis important for the soldiers to carry
foodso that they will not be forced to fall back on
account of hunger. All the forces must be
ordered that when the first post is taken they
will hasten at once to the execution of the
second portion of the plan, that is, to enter
Manila

If the men designated cannot enter they can
at least attack other posts so that they can force
a way through. Still, when they drive back
a poat they must not follow them and pick up
ammunition, because we cannot use it imme-
aigtely.

hose of the Sandatahan of Manila should
not move until no force ia left in any of the
suburbs, because then they would die without
being able to defend themselves and could not
aid those armed with rifles. If they do not aid
them it will be dificult to take Manila

It is necessary for the leaders of the Sandatahan
notonly in Manila, but also in the towns near by,
to be sure that they have their men together,
and it must not be as in the past, when every
one knew what he had to do belore the time
came.

In the same way the Generals must keep their
troops ready to turn out at once when they are
ordered, yet it ia not proper for thern to know
what they are going to do until the moment
comes to do it.

A great disaster may. arise in consequence
of the smallest slip, if the Sandatahan move
out without the aid of the men armed wi
rifles, there will be no results, and if those armed
with rifles enter and are not aided by the San-
datahan, then, also, there will be no resulta,
because then those upon the other lines far
from Manila will not be able to arrive because
there will be enemies on the outskirts

Hence it is neceasary to prepare things very
secretly so that they be not known, but at the
appointed time it is necessary to have the plan
thoroughly understood to avoid mistakes
being made by the other forces

This is only a note which I write you, and
it is quite possible that you will not agree with
what I say. Still, I believe that vou know best
what to do in matters coneerning war. Your
obedient servant, APOLINARIO MARINI

I certify that I believe this translation to
be correct Joun R.M. Tayror,

Captiin Fourteenth Infantry, in charge of

Insurgent Records

MANILA, P. L, May 3, 1900

BADICO ADVISES POSTPONING THR CONFLICT.
MANILA, 1898,
Seftor Don Emilio Aquinaldo:

My Deak PRESIDENT AND Fatenp: The
matter of launches should be undertaken by
the director of diplomacy, a person of the
greatest merit and completely trusted by the
Government; however, the necessary stens
should be taken under your supervision and in
obedience to your orders. IT want to see Major
Bell and Consul Williams and make known to
them that the conduct of Admiral Dewey dors

THE SUN, THURSDAY.

 

Tee nee eae aE ™

 

.

to forward diplomatic notes to the Chancel-
lor, for if thle was done at the present time
and was known in the United States, it would
undoubtedly cause a unification of national
feeling. The Democratic and Republican parties
would unite and our triumph would then be
doubtful

“Pitth Observe strictly international law
ne applying to public and to private rights
including its precept covering persons und

property of neutral foreigners, avoiding the
slightest cause for complaint on their part,
in order to avoid destroying. the favorable

uspect inwhich weare fortunately now regarded
by ther I think it important thit our Govern.
ment should constantly send to all our com-
manders circulars charging them to treat with
reapect the persons and property of foreigners
(not Yunkees) and ordering the moat rigid
observance of the lows of war, publishing such
circulars in the vicinity, und sending them to
all the consuls in Manila, und to be for pub-
lication in the press everywhere
“Finally, the impossibillty of the United States
to conquer the Filipinas by force und the
opinion of European nutions favorable to our
case ure going to be the principal factors in
our triumph.”
This is signed “Kita,” and ut the bottom ts
written: “This is u faithfuleopy I. de Santos.”
The document, including tha signatures, is
ty newritten iieuT
1 certify that 1 believe this translation to
be correct Joux R. M. Tayuor,
Captain Fourteenth Infantry, in charge of
Insurgent Kecords
Mania, P. T., May 10, 1900.

JAPANFSE GOVERNMENT PREVENTS ANY 6HIP-
MENT OF AIMS FROM THERE

Hona Kono, Jan, 12, 1899.
Senor Apolinario Mabini
My Dean FRIEND: To-day I received, from
Dr. Santos your letter dated Jan. 4.
I congratulate you upon your appointment
as President of the Council and Secretary of
the Exterior. I hope that the latter position,
being placed in your hands, will be fully or-
ganized.
As you will see by my letter to the President,
Japan has lately refused to permit the expe-
dition for fear of the Americans. 1 await de-
tails by post in order to communicate with
you
1 presented the summons against the Amer-
jean Consul the day before vesterday. It is
necessary that you should send me all the
papers relating to him, because I think we shall
have a hard struggle. The papers here com-
ment@n it a little
The manifesto of the President was published
yesterda’ will send same everywhere
Several correspondents here have telegraphed
it to their papers in Europe
Well done! I adhere unconditionally to ener-
getic policy.
The bearer ts about to go and I have no more
time to write. By another opportunity I will
write more fully

An embrace from your friend,

G. APACIBLE.

I certify that I believe this translation to
be correct Joun R.M. TAYLOR,
Captain Infantry in charge of
Insurgent
MANILA. P. J.,

    

Fourteenth
Records
May 24, 1900.

AUGUST 16, 1900.

‘Uneeda Biscuit
“U needa
WJinjer Wayfer

\Uneeda
Graham Wafer

Uneeda
Milk Biscuit

by Gen. Luna at the orders of Gen, Pantaleon
Garcia

Well, we all thought that the enemy could not
take the Malolos road with such ease, but that
unhappily has happened

This misfortune is due to several causes,
the most important of which is that the enemy
brought up 10.000 men to erush our reduced
army, causing our troops to lose heart consid
erably, and this was the reason the enemy could
sav nee on Malolos in the short space of six
aves

Our army. struggling in inferior numbers and
with a searelty of arms, is worthy of admiration

 
 

Encore—Once More!

Uneeda
Quartet

Every member of th.s great com-
Everybody pleased; every taste suited; every

 

| cerned in it, a pirate.

ot cease to disturb the relations of peace ] IH vme ’ signe
Citeaah Ws daecee sant and (helfe + bene, LETTER FROM A. MABINI, PRESIDENT OF COUN- oe eee Cae oe fe evideee Ae ae
to tell them that free navigation for the ships OIL, SHOWING NEGOTIATIONS HAD BEEN | or ar v one else in nite h a state aticmpling to |
of our Government ts an understanding This STARTED WITH THE SPANIARDS IN 2AM- | Crush us would be very badly off
is with the object that they make the matter In this titanic strugule we hav uffered
clear to Dewey. For my part, IT will go to- BOANGA grout losses of pre perty, bee uae | T
morrow and see Gen, Otis with regard to thé® | Seftor P'reatdente inhubitants preferred to lose all ’ than
The letter addressed to Gen. Otls by the | deliver themselves to th Americans Thay
Spanish Administrator of Mails in Zamboanga | abandoned their towns and homes, some burn- |
accompanies this ng with their own hands the houses they left

advisable to establish committees in all the
to revive secretly

outskirts and suburbs and
We should

the Katipunan armed with knives
avoid conflict until this is all organized
Awaiting your orders, | am your faithful
servant, Q. B. Ss. M
T. Sanpico.

I certify that I believe this translation to be
correct Joun R. M. Tayior,
Captain Fourteenth Infantry, ia charge of

Insurgent Records

MANILA, P. 1, May 24, 1900.

LETTER TO E. AGUINALDO FROM G
SPEAKING OF ANRANGEMENTS

APACTRLF,
HONG KONG,
POR THE CONFLICT WITH THE AMERICANS.

Hono Kona, Nov. 6, 189%,
27 Morrison Hill, Wanchay
Sefior Emilio Aguinaldo:

My ReSPecTRD BROTHER:
Mr. Sousa your letter and that of Mr. Augustin

Thave received from

dated Oct. 20. I handed these letters to Cris-
tanto for him to read

We have come to very good terms with Mr.
Sousa, and to-day he has complied that half
the payment shall be made here when the arms
are delivered on the steamer and the remainder
on arrival there in our port = I will not accept
a contract until the corresponding funds ar-
rive,and that is what we hope for from Cristanto
As my presence is very necessary here for
correspondence and affairs of interest, it
advisable that you should send here with the

is
money two intelligent and confidential men
to accompany and be in charge of remittances
In Chinese and Japanese ports I will only in-
spect the arms in order not to be deceiver
In addition to the men you send as pilots I
have two more here who will serve as w heelme

Up to date | have received no news from
Sefior Agonciilo, whom we took to Japan. 1
will telegraph to hin toemorrow inquiring
and requesting him to hurry the remittances
there. When Gregorio left he was accompanied
by a pilot (he was one of those whom you took),
with instructions to telegraph by code in case
he wanted more, I stating that | would imme-
diately send more men if recuired

I wrote Respe immediately, giving
your instructions: the most urgent 1 telegraphed

him
to him in order to lose notime. J have receives
no news from Jones with exception of my last
telegram to you and which I recejved from him
addressed from Paris pernage! e has communt-

lrapationt
n Paris in

cated with you directly am to
know the result of the conference
order to change the ground of our policy

According to what I am able to observe T
do net think we can expect much good from
the conference in Paris

Two nations attack us in order to enslave
us, The most America can give us is
tion: this is what 1 draw at present from what

Annex a-
1 hear and read. | comply with what you
dispose in reference to remittances; it is neces-
sary to prepare ourselves very well before
they provoke a quarrel with the Americans;
once hostilities commence we will lose all eom-
munication and remittances will be diMeult
1 will have ready the protest you have ordered
me to make. in case anything happens

1 telegraphed to the correspondent in Pekin,
asking him to come and work in our favor
promising to pay him for his services, If
it can be done it would be better for you to bribe
foreign correspondents of the

the
Name some persons of your confidence

there.
there, so that they may come to some under-

papers

standing with the correspondents. It appears
because

the news

that this is very hecessary to-day,
no matter how well we are doing
that reaches here is always bad. Never mind
the expense, especially at present, for as time
passes the Americans behave worse toward
us and almost invite us to break our friend-
ship.
would like to know if this Mr. Sousalsof your
entire confidence, because he has approached
me with a great number of papers sianed by
you. Up till now I notice hels full of promises
I hope he willearry them out, Ke he whom he
may, J] will watch him to prevent him from
deceiving us) Noone on the steamer Exmeralda
would take your rifle; I will send Calvo when
the Sung-Kian returns

In case you are able to send the funds in
foreia@n currency it would be be'ter, to avoid
accidents, and in case we have an encounter
it would be better to deposit it in your name or
in that of a syndicate composed of persons
of your confidence and that of the Government
1 think it is advisable to avoid the encounter if
possible while we are unprepared and before
we increase the amountof arms and ammunition
When the outbreak once starts it will make
communication and remittances dificult.

Together with this goes a letter from Jones
which was enclosed in a letter I received from
him from California.

This, your brother, puts himself at your
orders GALICANO APACTRLE

P. 8—1 have telegranhed to-day to Japan
asking about Sefior Gregorio Agoncillo. i
will tranefer to you any answer I receive

1 certify that I believe this translation to
Joun R. M. Taynor,

be correct
charge of

Cantain Fourteenth Infantry,
Insurgent Records
MANILA, P. 1, May 19, 1900.

EXTRACTS FROM LETTER DATED “PARIS, 22 ITNRE,
G. APA-

in

1809," FROM FRIIPE AQONCILLO TO
CIDLE AND I. SANTOS, HONG KONG
He speaks of the feeling of superioritw of
all Furopeans to the yellow races. This is
sufficient to make anv form of autonomy be-
tween the United States and the Filipinos im
possible. The Arnericans treat the negroes
as beings of an inferior race without minds
or intelligence: would they. do otherwise with
the Filipinos if they had the opportunity?
He «avs: “The autonomy of Canada is. in truth,
acceptable, but why? Because the infabitants
are all Europeans, of the sunerior race.”
I translate the most interesting portion of
the letter
“Taking into serious consideration the pres-
ent condition of affairs, 1am convinced that the
nolitieal tactics of our Government must be the

foll

  

 

ing:
First--To prolong the war as much as nor-
sible, even to the fall of Sancho from the Presi-
dency, showing clearly to the fations the
{naptitude and inability of the Government of
Sancho to rule our heroic people who fight for
their sacred liberty

“Second Under every circumstance = the
armed intervention of any power must be avoid-
ed because it would lead only to fatal divisions.

“Third—Foment the actions of the Demo-
cratic party in the United States, which advo-
cates our independence. I am doing this In
the way it seems fitting to me

matter in question, in order to obtain from hin
a letter recommending the return of sale
launches. I made known to von that they are
all offended with Pio del Pilar’s conduct at pre-
venting the navigation of an American launch
and for stonping the engineers in their work
in spite of their having a pass signed by you
and for asking their officers for nasse
1 make known to you that I have been de-
nounced by our people as being very much
against annexaton. They have denounced
me as an exciter of bad feeling against annexa-
tion and American protection
Consul Williams sent for me to tell me to dis-
continue doing so. I believe we have a traitor
in our Government
In order to be prenared for any event it is
|
“Fourth—I do not think the time has come

   

  

We talked with Sefior Ocana for a short while
and we agreed to senda Commissioner there in
order to find out what the situation is and
whether the Spaniards are really able to do
what they have promised us; we want to avoid
being deceived
You said that you wanted Col, Yzon to go
there. L think he had better get ready to-day
and {t would be better for the bearer of this
letter to go with hiin
The officer for Baler will arrive to-morrow.
Your obedient servant.

Feb, 1, 1890

I certify that 1 believe this translation to be

correct Jonn R. M. Tayvor,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry, in charge o
Insurgent Records

MANILA, P. 1, May 4, 1900.

NOTFS IN HANDWRITING OF PATERNO AND
BUENCAMENO, TO BE COPTED AS A LETTER,
BHOW THAT NEGOTIATIONS WITH THE GEN-
FERAL COMMANDING THE UNITED STATES
FORCES WERE TO OBTAIN DELAY FOR
EQUIPMENT OF INSURGENT FORCES. PARA-
GRAPHS SCRATCHED OUT ARE 80 IN THE
ORIGINAL

San Jost, Nueva Ecija, May 27, 1899.

Seftore:, Galicano Apacible, Felipe Agoncillo,
Martano Ponce:
My DrstivavisHep Frrenps AND DEAR
Fettow Citizens: I write to you from this
town, which is near the mountain called Car-
ballo, running north and south
I am forced to pass to the capital town of
Nueva Viscaya, where the permanent seat o

APOLINARIO MABINI.

our Government has been established, as the
position is an impregnable one.
] suppose that by the previous letter of Seflor
Mabini. the copies of which | have just read,
you are aware that we were obliged to abandon
Maloios, which the enemy took on Good Fri-
dav; we have also been obliged to leave San
Isidro, which was taken on the 30th of this
month, or ten davs after this Cabinet was e-
tablished, that it can be said that we
have been born only to move from one town to
another

Up to the present date we have only
spent a short time of life in repose, due to a
little change of Juck in our arms and other
canses (which we refer to below) which induced
the enemy not only to suspend their advance,
but also to retire

Taking advantage of this good opportunity
and the oecasion to enclose the attac a oMeial

  

tigue. privations and suffering, he is a mirror
of prudence
"As Cantair

tlons and of

ereral, he directa the opera-
he has exposed himself to the
fire of the eneiny, unheeding our supplications
and requests
My opinion, therefore, is that in himself
he is an extraordinary man with all the signs
of one on a Providential mission to carry out
the very difficult enterprise, not only of our
independence, but also of our moral enera-
tion (it is sad to have to say it), since we are
burdened by vices inherited from the impure
Spanish administration
Lieut.-Gen. Sefior Mariano Trias has been
appointed Secretary of War, but. as this gen-
tleman is in the South, that is to say, in San

 

 

 
 

Francisco de Malabon (Cavité), where we had
to send him at the commencement of the rup-
ture of hostilities as intermediate
of the Goverument of the repubye, the posi-
tion was taken provisionally to-day by Gen
Sefior Ambrosio Flores, of the genera) staff,
while Gen. Luna, appointed sub-secretary,
directs as chief the onerations on the railway

delegate

Before the outbreak of hostilities our army
occupied the following places: In the Province
of Bicolanas, a body of about 600 men under
the command of General of Division Sefior
Vito Belarmino, who resides in Albay, that
being the capital of that region; happily the
war as yet has not reached this part
In the provinces of Tayabas and Batangas
we have about 2,000 men commanded by Brig.-
Gen. Sefior Malbar, who, unfortunately, is not
in harmony with the civil officers and people
thereabouts.
Our policy is the foundation of our inde-
pendence at all coats, but we will alter our
proceedings in order to distract the enemy's
attention
Sefior Mabini'’s proceedings were so frank
and straightforward that the Americans had
no need of much work to foresee the war, while
Sefior Mabini did not believe in the falseness
of the Americans until the very day of the out-
break of hostilities
We are aware that war is the most nowerful
menns of gaining ovr ideal, but we also know
that we are struggling with a e@reat scarcity
of resourees, and for that reason we employ
diplomacy, both arms being consistent
Onur hones are placed on vou. If you send
expeditions for us, or {f you gain any real and
effective protection, we shall have advanced
considerably
We have a great deal of work to accomplish
in the interior because this new war has de-
stroyed the discipline of our neonle, who em-
nlov themselves in eating what does not belong
to them

In the treasury we have to raise new funds,
because we have found the safe with 90 and
we will have to reestablish same. The diffi-
culty is increased because we are so separated
fron, the south, and to communiente takes
thirty davs. I cannot state what the delay
will be during the rainy season. With regard
to the reat we are at an complete standstill, and
in the exterior, tn Manila, there is a commis.
sion from us proceeding to arranre with the
Americans a suspension of hostilities in order
that we may be able to reorganize ourselves
somewhat and restock our small arsenals with
ammunition
Well, this is our situation: A powerful and
rich enemy, deceitful and false, blockading us
In the interior there are some
rtened. but not many
fixed and
the

   

by land and sea
robbers and some dishe
on the other hand, the maiority is
resolved in its purpose not to abandon
struggle until they are victorions or die

I repeat that the activity in expeditions is
necessary in order to give unceasing blows
to these hanehty enemies of right and justice
after they themselves have had to gain their
power and greatness by the help of justice
and rieht

Il have no more to add for the meantime
Write to me more frequently in order to keen
me informed as to foreten affairs in general
and of what is particularly of interest to our
country
You knew vou are esteemed and anpreciated
by vour affectionate fellow citizen and reliable

 

have for war in order to guard the river of
Tuliagan, which starta {n Tinajeros in direction
of Baliwag, with the object of gathering here

6,000 men, the command of which will be held

    

ibove
» short of um-
the

s been also some falling back,
all when it was seen that we w
munition to sustain the struggle
small at ease
Put to-day. our Inck has changed as Don
Rmilio himself since the 12th of this month
directa operations, and he has reoceupied the
position to Baliwag and Calumptt
We struggle now with a great searcity of
resources and for that reason we recommend
you to burry the exveditions even if they are
for the meantime only of cannon and amimu-
nition, with these elaments wecould © © ©
1 certify that I believe this translation to be
correct Joun R. M. TayLor,
Cantain Fourteenth Infantry, in charge of
Insuirzent Reeords
MANILA, P. 1., May 18, 1990,

“COLUMNAS VOLANTES” LIPA, 2ND JAN-
TARY, 1900.
MAGDALENA, LAGUNA, Dee, 25, 1890

The painful news received from the north
during the early part of this month was pot
confirmed in its melancholy details, for neither
the mother nor the son of the Honorable Presi-
dent are prisoners in Manila. Some people
aay that if Buencamino, Rianzares and others
are prisoners it is because they have been
worn out and went to Manila in order to re-
cuperate. But in order to obtain complete
separation, so naturalists say, between two
elements, gases for exaniple, it is necessary
to maintain a layer of water between them,
and thus sood-hearted and far-seeing Otis
ordered Buencamino to Honolulu to spend his
holidays there, in order that he might have a
complete rest, and with reapect to Limjap and
Chuidian he freed them from the troublesome
work of attending to their property, of which
he himself took charae on the pretext. that
the business of the latter was bankrupt and
the former had to answer for the railroad cars
which were burnt owing to the war

The retreat of our Honorable President
was not so disastrous as was at first supposed,
but it was only the execution of his plana,
and these he carried out only after having made
a considerable number of Yankees bite the
dust, His plan was to force the enemy to ex-
tend over a large territory, and so offer them-
selves as an easy target to our attack and to
the disadvantages caused by the climate, while
he, hidden in the mountains, would attack
them when, how and where it was most suit-
able for him, with the advantoge that he never
had a fixed point in which he could be attacked
advantage is a considerable one.

There}

 

this is

FROM

 
 
  

and whieh

documenta, 1 write you a brief note deseribing he change exeented in our Government,
our actual situation As President of the | passing from republican to that of a dictator-
republic continues our Honorable Sefior Emilio ship, is also logical, and something we have
Agninala a model of civie privations and expected from the beginning, due to the de-
virtues, an uple of firmness and unbreaka- | Ssertion and prejudice of some men of high
able resolution: notwithstanding all the fa- | rank: it was Necessary for the good of tho

reon of the stamp

mother country to have a per

 

of Acuinaldo, a true Dictator, beeause in his
poliey, in his bearing, his mode of living, all
have se s true adherence to the cause he
defends,

From all of this the people here are ready

the invader the reception he deserves;
miment offen on the numerous deaths

to give
thev ee

wing passed
immary of

In the meantime a cirenlar i
containing a

 

ton
from hand to hand

   

men in the United States said during the month
of September in favor of our cause

There ix also another circular in. which is
contradicted the statement made by El Noticiero
of Manila that the quadruple alliance had broken
up, and it states, on the contrary, that the alli-
ance has been an established fact since Oct. 25
For our part, we do not hope for much from
their interference: when we are joined firmly
with the Yankee of MeKinlev’s party, we
will then hear of interference. favoring, per-
hans. those that are in favor of usurpation and
banishment. and no one can take from ua the
fear or suspicion that the same thing will happen
to na whieh did to Christ, whose clothes were
divided iniquitousiv after he was crucified
between two thieves. With our own force
we have enough to put an end to the imposl-

 

tions of the Yankee imperialists’ party
with its last strugales,ia even now endeavoring
to save its ill-fated poliev. It will never suc-
ceed in deceiving the American people, who
are convinced that the war will come to the
beginning of the end only after a long time has
elamsed and many sacrifices have been made,
both of blood and money

Gen. Cuilles is very enthusiastic and may
be seen on all sides supervising the construc-
tion of defences. He is not ignorant of the
ower, and for this does not forget
the words of the Generalissimo: “We may
perhups lose hope of conquering, but whut
we will never lose is the hope of dying worthy
of the independence of our mother country.”
In order not to forget their traditional cus-
toms, the Pugsanienos celebrated the fleata of
their patron suint on the 12th of this month in
spite of the state of the country. They adorned
their houses, as customary, very beautifully
and eluborately to receive strangers,

. . . . *
Notr—Remuinder of urticle of no interest.—
J. R. M. T. :

l certify that I believe this translation to be
Joun R.M. Tarnor,
in charge of

enemy's

correct

Cuptain Fourteenth Infantry,
Insurgent Records.

Mania, P. 1., Muy 4, 1900,

LEVERSON PROUD OF THE JOB.

Says the President, Not He, Is the Trattor
~Doesn't Fear Arrest.
Dr. Montague R. leverson, the author of
the letter to Aguinaldo, capturedin the Philip-
pines by Gen, Funston and given out by the
War Department, in which the writer refers
to American soldiers as pirates and advises
Aguinalde to capture an officer and try him

at his home at
Shore Road, Fort Hamilton to
enjoy the notoriety that hed suddenly come to
him and expressed no surprise at the capture
of the letter and its publication, When a copy
of the letter was shown to him he read it care-

He seemed

fully and then remarked

“Yea, I wrote that in addition toa lot of other
letters. Of course T see a lot of inaccuracies
as a result of the two translations, and some

War Department.”

Dr. Leverson was sitting in his library. The

servant. | QO.n = . on ie ,_ | table beside him was piled with anti-imperial-
respective lines preventing the ad- oa > ° ofere

vance of the enemy and our Captain- General istic lite ravure For handy reference were

applied his intention as to what resources we | “open letters” from Filipinos in different

parts of the world put up in pamphlet form
by the Anti-Imperialist League. Speeches
in the same form by Carl Schurz, Edward Atkin-

which, | thanked him, he says, for his efforts in a letter

| which he has preserved,

omissions which I think are the fault of the |

in the enemy’s ranks, among which, aceord- |
ing to rumors that cirenlate here, are to be
found those of several Colonels and Gen Law-

statements of what the papers and some leading |

|

for the crime of piracy, was found yesterday |
Ninety-seventh street and the |

 
  

7
|

You never get tired of the Uneeda Quartet.
bination is a favorite with the people.

| appetite satisfied. Ask your grocer.

Every member of the
Uneeda Quartet is a !
prime favorite with all
lovers of good food,
Sold everywhere in air |
tight, moisture proof |
packages. Ask the gro-

cer for one or all of
them,

H NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

son and other anti-imperialists were seattered
about. On topof the whole mass was a volume
of Abraham Lincoln's speeches

“There isone plain omission,” said Dr. Lever- |

‘in the letter as given out in Washington,
for | know that I pointed out more clearly that
Congress had never authorized the war in the
Philippines and that the President, having no
right to make war, was, with all those con-
They have omitted a

gon

part because they were afraid to give tt out,
and J only wish 1 had a copy of the letter I sent
to be sure as to what I really did say I joined
the Anti-lmperialist League when it was
started and | had written many letters before
T sent this ene. T have seen many Filipinos
and have entered into correspondence with
more. There are some of these Filipinos now
in this eountry. Of course I cannot give you

their names

“Do vou mean, Dr. Leverson, that there ar
native Filipinos now in this country acting as
agents for the insurgents, and that
correspondence with them ?” asked the reporter.

“I do,” said the doctor, “and if | were young I
would gladly join their ranks and fight without
any compunction provided the American peo

le refuse to rise up and act next November
McKinley ought to be impeached as a_traitor
He lied to the country by saying the Filipinos
began the war, for we have the name of the
Ar.erican soldier who fired the first shot, and
then when Aguinaldo asked for a truce Me Kinley
ordered the shooting to be kept right up."

Dr. leverson turned to a speech delivered
by him at the Anti-lmperialistic conference
in Philadelphia last February, and found that
the name of the soldier was “rayson, 4 private
of the First Nebraska. His authority for this,
he said, was Jean Hess, the correspondent
ol the Paris Figaro at Nong Kong.

“I said in that letter,” continued Dr. laver-
son, “that McKinley and the members of bis
Cabinet Hed when they said that Agonvtllo
advised Ayuinaldo to fight, and that a tele-
gram_ stating the opposite Was intercepted,
And Ul meant what I said. first, because when
challenged they tailed to produce this tele-

ram, and second, because Agoncillo has given
fils word that he did not send such a telegram,
and Agoncillo’s word is worth a good deal more
than McKinley's of pone s or Otis’s, They
didn’t dare to forge a telewram because they
remembered how the French Government
failed at that game in the Dreyfus case.”

Dr. Leverson said he knew Agoncillo very
well and that the latter was now second in
authority among the Fillpinos, The names
of other Filipino friends he relused to give.

you

When asked if the Filipino leaders were writing |

to him, Dr. Leverson refused to answer.

You ean be sure,’ suid he, “that I see that
the letters I receive are always placed in sate
hands

“The Filipinos,” added Dr, Leverson, picking
up a pamphlet, “as the result of my letters
have hecome encouraged and have accepted
my suggestions,” fle handed the pamphlet to
the reporter It proved to be an open letter
tothe American people issued from Toronto
last dune by Sefor G. Apacible, Dr, Leverson’s
correspondent, Should an American officer of
high rank be captured Dr, Leverson thought
the Filipinos would ask the foreign Consuls to
attend his trial

“In this way,” said he, “they could see that
everythiag was fafrly and legally
the horrible deeds in the Philippines could
then be placed on record instead of being sup.
pressed from the American people.’ When
usked if he hud no fear in advising the enemy

 

in this manner and ¢ orresponding with Filipino |

  

ugents Dr. Leverson laughed. “Feur,” said |
he hy should 1 huve uny fear? ‘The Govy-
er nt will never touch me for the simple
reason it doesn't dure to That's all there is

 

ubout that The attitude of the people is such
that the Governinent can tmove a finger Pun-
ish me for being a traitor? Why, the biggest
traitor in this country ix Mr. McKinley. ‘There's

no danger of my running away
“Whom will you support in the next elec-
tion?” asked the reporter

“Mr, Bryan,” rephed Dr. Leverson,
he's the only man to save us from despotisin.
1 have been asked to speak at Indianapolis,
but 1 am too busy to attend the meetings there
The Liberty Congress is all right, but the other
convention is simply a tail for McKinley's
kite. It's part of a plan to break up the Liberty
Congress.”

Dr. Leverson said he was a friend of Carl
Schurz’s and the other Anti-lmperialists led
by George 8. Boutwell and that he corresponded
with them in addition to his Filipino friends

Dr. Leverson an Englishman by_ birth,
He came here, he said yesterday, in 1865, He
was coming in 1861 to enlist in the Union army,
but Charles Francis Adams, our Minister
England, urged him to stay and help arouse
sentiment for the Northern cause, which he
says he did, Mr. Adams at the close of the war

is

in 1803 he also became a medical doctor, In
is6s Dr. Leverson exposed some naturaliza-
tion frauds here at the risk of his life, he says,
and became a «reat friend of tlorace Greeley
Up to 1880 he was a Republican, Since then he
has been a Democrat and is at present Secretary
of the Bryan and Stevenson Single Tax Cam-
paign Committee, which has joined the League
of Democratic Clubs, Dr. Leverson said yester-
day that he had not so far been in touch with the
Democratic leaders, but if invited he would
make speeches throughout the country,

Dr. Leverson attafned sorme notoriety four
years ago by going to Albany to oppose the pas-
sage of Anthony Comstock's anti-nudity bill,
He denounced Comstock before the committee
and Comsteck and he had an altercation in
the railroad station, The doctor was arrested

He was discharged and then Comstock sued |

ot a verdict of

him for $50,000 damages and
Comstock for

six cents. Dr. Leverson suec

the same amount in the Supreme Courtin Brook- |

lyn and the verdict was for the same amount

Dr. Leverson four years ago moved to Fort
Fiamilton to be near and consult with his friend
Henry George. He worked for the latter's
election and has since been identified with the
Single Tax movement.

 

CATHOLICS IN THE PHILIPPINES.

 

Father Stenmans, Secretary to Archbishop
Chapelle, Returns—The Religious Situation.

New Onveans, La, Ang. 15.-The Rev
Father Stenmans, Secretary to Archbishop
Chapelle, Apostolic Delegate to the Philip-

pines

nine months

to Rome, where he will lay before the Pope
the exact condition of ecclesiastical affairs
in the Philippines. From Rome he will go

to France and thence to Cuba and Porto Rico,
making no stop in the United States. He will
not come to this country until Easter, when
he will visit his diocese of New Orleans
Archbishop Chapelle hes warmly supported
the cause of the Friars in the Philippines, and
beliewes that the islands cannot do without
them and that to them is due all the civilization
and education which the natives possess
Father Stentoans corrected a number of stories
that had been sent out about the Archbishop
The latter had nothing to do§with the. court
martial of Maior Kirkman, and had made
charge against that officer for insutting him
It was purety an army affair, and the charge
against Major Kirkman of being drunk had heen
made by a brother officer. The interview py -
lished with Archbishop Chapelle, in) which
he was made to say that the Americans should
deal more severely with the rebels and that a

A

   

the new favorite

A creamy, flaky creation;
excellent for the children,
delicious with milk. Don’t
miss it.

an a

are in|

done and |

“because |

He is a lawyer and |

has reached home after an absence of |

         
 
      
    
        
     
   

First appearance here of

  

Uneeda
Milk Biscuit ©

  
 

fw executions would have a good effect, was
| also wholly manufactured
| Father Stenmans said that the United States
| aluthorities had tendered every courtesy to
Arehbish of Chapelle and at no time had there
|} heen the slightest friction on anv matter, He
had given his views on the subject of education
fand chureh property the Philippine Com-
| mission and it was expected that the commis-
| sion would issue au report thereon in November,

lo

 

   
  

The eondition of affairs in the Phitippines

| have greatly improved of late,and there are
now 20,000 persons employed itn the manu.
| facture of tobaeco and elaars, where there were
only a few hundred six months ago Choreh
| ffairs have also improved. Until lately a
the Bishops had been cooped up

1, it beina dangerous for them to go

|
| dioceses hecanse of the insurrection
} op Gareia has gone to Cebu, Bishop Herra
to Vigau and Bishop Ferrara to Jaro,
Father Stenmans brought over a number
of Filipino boy«a who are being educated at the
Teanit College of Santa Clara, Cal That col-
| lege conuiins a large number of Filipino youth
who have heen coming over ever since the
islands have been eecupled, Several Filipinos
study civil engineering at the
University of Michigan. Several of the New
| priesta who went with Archbishop
Manilla have been appointed to

came over to

Orleans
| Chanelle
Philippine churches

POWERS TRIAL SPEECHES,

Points Brought on Both Sides in the Conten-
tlon Before the Jurors.

Ky., Aug. 15.--Ex-Congreas,

the prosecution

GRORGETOWN,
man John K, Hendrick for
spoke to-day in the Powers trial for the murder
of Goebel. Judge George Denny spoke for the
defence this afternoon and said the killing of
Goebel could not affect Powers's contest for
Secretary of State as Goebel’s contest was
before the Legislature and Powers’s was before
the State Election Board, That being so Powers
could not possibly have any motive in removing

Goebel

He referred to the fact that after Burton talked
about using cartridges to settle the contest,
Powers made a speech in the meeting saying he
would abandon his office, the honor and every-
thing and return to hishumble mountain home
rather than have any bloodshed. Heconcluded
by comparing Powers with Golden and said

“[ had rather take the word of Caleb Powers
than a thousand Wharton Goldens who expect
to get a reward for each conyiction.”

Victor Bradley spoke an hour for the prose-
ution and his contention was that. Power's
own statement that he locked and holted his
door leading to the next office on the inside
before he left on Jan. 30. was conclusive that
he wanted no one of his clerks who had a key
to be able to get in that day and interfere wit
the plans of Yotzey, who had a key to the door
| leading to the main hall

 

SET AFIRE BY WHISKEY FUMES.
Clerk Hiad a Lighted Candle While Filling
Bottles—Ran Ablaze in the Street.

James Linger of 312 West Thirty-seventh
street, aclerk In Abraham Wolfe's liquor store

at 566 Fighth avenue, went into the cellar last

night to filla number of bottles from a barrel of

whiskey. The fumes of the liquor were ignited
| from the flame of a lighted candle he was carry-
| ing and there was an explosion, Linger ran
| upstairs and into the street with his clothing
afire
|

Pedestrians took hold of him and put
out the flames, but by that time he had been
seriously burned on the back and about the body,

| He is in Roosevelt Hospital and his condition is
The fire in the cellar was put out by
The damage was slight.

serious,
the firemen.

DEWEY DID NOT RESPOND.

 

 

Chicago G. A. R. Committee Hasn't Heard
Whether He Will Attend the Encampment,

Cuicaao, Aug. 15.—Neither an acceptance
nor an expression of regret has been received
from Admiral Dewey by the G. A. R. Encamp-
although the Admiral was
time the President and
Why the
for-

 

Committee,
at the same

}

ment

invited

| other notables received invitations

| Admiral has not observed the custom o
mally declining if he does not intend to be
present is a matter for speculation on the part
of Col. Harper and other members of the come
mhittee

Calamet and Hecla to Keep Up Its Corporation
The stockholders of the
Mining Company at the
voted to continue the

Boston, Aug. 15
Calumet and Hecla
annual meeting to-day
existence of the organization for another thirty
The company was organized on April

years
veriod of thirty years. Under

14, 1871, for a
the laws of Michigan, therefore, if no action
were taken its existence as the present cor-
porate body would end on April 18, 1901, but
the same laws say that if a vote representing
two-thirds of all the capital invested desire the
continuance of the company it may do so for
a period of not more than thirty years, The
71.14% votes were Unanimously in favor of con-
tinuing

 

|
|
|
| nnn
Union Charch Services tn Brooklyn,
| Seven churches of Brooklyn in the Eastern
| District will hold union church services during
| of the summer. They are the First
John's M. F., Lee Avenue and
New England Congregational, First Baptist
and First Free Baptist and Ross Street Presby-
terian churches, The services are held in the
First Reformed Church, Bedford avenue and
Clymer street. The Rev. Dr. Maclaurin, who
has preached for the united congregations for
the past two summers is the preacher for the
month of August,

Apprentice Hoy on the New York Killed.

the rest
Reformed, St

Newport, R. 1, Aug. 15.— First-class Appren-
tice Arthur Giroux of the flagship New York
wus buried here this afternoon, having been
killed yesterday while catting the anchor at

Portlind. The cat head block carried away
and Giroux Was caught in the full as was another
| apprentice Giroux suffered a fractured skull,
thigh and leg, resulting indeath by shock. Gi-
roux wes 19 years old and a native of Detroit,
|
}
!
|

‘-

Mich.

Gas-Fuel >

EASY TO MAKE A FIRE.

Light a match, turn a key, and you
have immediately full flame and

heat.
EASY TO REGULATE

| Turn the key up or down, and you
| increase or decrease the gas flow
| accordingly, and fix the temperature
|
|
|
|
|

 

He says that Archbishop Chapelle |
will leave Manila in November, going direct |

 

where you wiill,
EASY TO PUT OUT.

Turn it oft. No trouble to light it
' again. Don't have to keep a little
| fire for a starter.

Means Comfort and Economy.