OF

 

~ ted ere =~ = =
eee SE Ps

eee
ne eee

~~

ee

 

CHANCE 10 FINISH BRYAN,

THOMAS F. RYAN SAYS OLD-LINE
DEMOCRATS HAVE IT NOW,

 

The Business Associate of Mr, William ©,
Whitney Declares That When the Nebras-
kan Is Killed Polltically Then the Party
Can Be Reorganized and Rebabilitated.

Thomas F. Ryan, who is very closely asso-
ciated with ex-Secretary of the Navy William
C. Whitney in many of the great business en-
terprises with which Mr. Whitney is identified,
has returned to this city after a vacation trip
in the course of which hoe spent several weeks
visiting the States on the Pacifico slope and in
the Middle West. Up to 1806 Mr. Ryan never
voted for any but a Democratic candidate for
office, but in that year unable to subscribe to
the Chicago platform and Bryanisin he voted
for McKinley. In an interview yesterday Mr.
Ryan said that he should vote for the reeloce
tion of President MoKinley and that he thought
that it was the duty of all the Democrats of the
old school to vote against the Kansas City
platform and its candidates, In order that Bry-
aniam might be crushed and the Democratic
party redeemed.

“The men who are at present in control of
what is left of the Democratio organization
allowed Bryan to dictate everything at Kansas
City, and he delivered the organization over
to the Populist party,” said Mr Ryan. “Ac-
cording to my way of thinking that does not
make the Bryan organization the Democratic
party. In many of the oldeline Democratic
States the feeling of disgust at the disgrace
which has overtaken the Democracy is appear-
ing plainly, It was shown by the position
taken at Kansas City by men like Senator Daniel

of Virginia and many others who coun-
selled conservatism in drafting the plat-
form. | think that the Gold Democrats will
vote for MeKiniey as the surest way of

destroying the evil that threatens
the country’s prosperity, and reputation and
influence. I shall vote for McKinley. I never
cast any other thana Democratio vote until
the last Presidential election, I then felt it
my duty to the country to vote for the Re-
publican candidates, and 1 feel it doubly a duty
todo so now. Bryan will be defeated, and this
defeat will make an end of him politically.
Then the followers of the true Democratlo
faith throughout the country will get together
and reorganize the party, and it will resume
ita honored position just aa it did after the
Greenback craze under the leadership of Til-

den.”
Mr. Ryan was asked what he thought of the

Democratic plank on imperialism. This ts

what he said;
“It ia the most unpatriotic utterance that

has come from any assemblage of men claiming
to be loyal citizens in the history of this country.

It will nerve the hands of the country’s ene-
mies wherever they are to befound, Resist-
anoe to the United States authority in the Philip-
pines is being assisted every day by the ao-called
abti-imperialista. They are lending moral "7
ort to guerrilla warfare and rebellion in the
alands, The attempt to make an issue of
rebellion and to poll the Democratic party in
favor of pulling down our flag at Manila and
marching home our army in Cisgrace, insults
the history of the Dermmooratic party and is an
affront to every true American

“But that is not the issue,” Mr. Ryan con-
tinued, “and Bryan will not be able to make an
issue of it. The dishonest filty-cent dollar
is the issue. Free riot is the issue, The at-
tack op the Supreme Court is the issue; and
they are ai] just as paramount to-day as they
were in 1596. ‘They will continue to be para-
mount as long as Mr. Bryan runs the Demo-
cratio organization,

Naturally, the Pactfic Coast States and the
outhern States will derive the greatest direct

nefit from the development of commerce
between the United States and the Par Fast,
Cuba aod Porto Rizo. | Before next Noveniber
the people ot these States will understand
what anti-imperialism means to them, and [
reckon you will see some eurprising changes
in their votes on Srection day Rew York Is

certain tor McKinley as Pennsylvania or

Yormont. and Bryan's 16-to-1 plank has settled
the question of the German vote. [ft will be
solid for McKinley and honest money in all
the States ”
Mr. Ryan’s remark last night that old-line
Pommocrate and followers of the true Democratio
‘faith would have an opportunity alter the de«
feat of Bryan and Stevenson tn the fall cam-
paign to reorganize the Democratic party,
was taken to mean that Mr. Whitney and the
other Democrats who were conspicuous in the
councils of the party previous to its capture
by the Populists at the Chicago Convention
of 1806 had made up their minds that with Bryan
diaposed of there would be an opportunity
for them to regain control of the party ma-
chinery throughout the nation, and to reéstab-
lish it as a conservative force. It has been said
many times that the most astute politicians
{n the Democratio household were anxious to
see Col. Bryan nominated in order that his
career of domination in the Democratic party
might be brought to a decisive conchision,
It was said that they felt it would be better
for the party to be completely purged of Bryan-
iam an overwhelming defeat at the polis
when the issue was clearly drawn, than to have
the conservative element regain control by a
small and possibly unreliable malority in the
convention: and for this reason many Demo-
crata whose counsel was sought by the mana-
gers of the eet previous to ita complete sur-
render to Bryanism made no effort to influence
t eourse Of events at Kansas City, When
it has been demonstrated that the people will
not indorse a policy such es is advocated by
Col, pape these men intend to go in and re-
build the Democracy, Until the time comes
to ¢ that they are not paying much attention
to It.

MANY DEMOCRATS RESIGNING,

One-Quarter of Cincinnati's Election Officers
Qait—Dissatished With Their Party.

Crnctnwatt, Aug. 15.—Three hundred out
of the 1,200 election officers have resigned and
the Board of Elections is anxious to fil) the
vacancies owing to the approach of the primary
election, which will take place within thirty
or forty days. Clerk Greer of, the board said
to day.

“Three hundred vacancies and resignations
still coming in is the record and there is no telling
when the end will come. Nearly all of the resig-
nation are Democrats, who are dissatisfied
with their party and who will not .upport the
national ticket at the coming election and do
not see their way to serve as Democrats when
they intend to vote for McKinley.”

0. HH. P. BELMONT FOR BRYAN NOW.

 

He Defines His Position Before Starting Out
for Saratoga,

Perry Belmont, who had a heated discusston
with Col. William J. Bryan in March of 1899 over
the question of what constituted a Democrat,
went up to Saratoga yesterday to be present
at the meeting of the State Committee to-day.
Aa Mr. Belmont was going from Thirty-fourth
street to Forty-second street, on his way to the
Grand Central station from the Long Island
ferry, he gave out a statement defining his
position in the present campaign. Mr. Bel-
mont was a Gold Democrat in 1896 and presided
at the great Madison square mass meeting at
which W. Bourke Cockran tore Bryan to pieces,

mong other things Mr. Belmont said yester-

Mar. Palmer and Gen. Buckner have been
report as advising Democrats to vote for
McKinley. Foug years ago I did what I could
for their candidacy at a tlie when Federal

ance, colnage and taxation constituted
the supreme issue. But since then the McKin-
ley administration and the Republican leaders
pad the Senate have made a new and vital
asue for 190, That new issue Is well enough
deseribed as Imperialism. The President asks
the voters not mereiy to condone but justify
his usurpation of legislative and judicial powers
19 our new islands during the past two years,
If he should be re@lected there will be an end
of the great political experiment ba: upon
the strict observanoe of our Constitution, There
will eventually disappear the political induce-
ments which during the century have trans-
ferred some of the best blood of the Old World
into the veins of the New. I shall do all that I
oan for the success of the Democratic ticket.”

 

Altgeld te Speak in German Around the
Country.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 15.—The announcement
was made from Democratic headquarters to-
day that former Governor John P. Altgeld of
Miinols would make a number of speeches in
] during the coming campai and
ee his speech would be delivered in the Ger-
man language and addressed solely to those
citizens. It's the purpo- eto have him speak
in the large cities where there are many Ger-
man Voters and in some of the country regions
where the foreign element predominates

 

 

Congressman ©. F. Snodgrass Renominated, )

NASHVILLE, Tenn, Aug. 16 —Congreseman C.
Re Gpederess se pominaned for redivction br
ocratic Conyeotion of the Fourth dis-

trict at Carthage to-day by acclamation.

 

- declinin

OLD FRIEND BOLTS BRYAN.

 

W. F. Wappich of Omaha Declares for McKinley
—Can't Accept Kansas City Platform.

OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 15.—William F. Wappich,
a Democratic lawyer of Omaha, who officiated
as one of the assistant sergeants-at-arms at
Kansas City, and who has been one of W. J
Bryan's main supports since the first day of his
political career, has left the party and a big
eensation is the result, To-day he resigned his
membership in the Douglas County Service Club,
of which he was the founder, and gave to the
press this staternent;

“The Kansas City platform {s too much for
any Democrat who has thinking facilities of
his own, Tho reiteration of the absurd idea
that value can be legislated into a commodity
is not by any means the only weakness in the
Kansas City resolutions, After knuckling to

the demands of the silver Republicans and
Popullets for the 16 to 1 plank, and thus en-
feebling their position, the Democrats in the
convention sought to repair the damage by
creating a paramount issue out of the cone itions
in the Philippine Islands. Mr, Bryan is now
putting on the finishing touch by giving voice
to some very catchy phrases about imperialism
and some very reverential allusions to the
Constitution,

“Tam a thorough believer in the course being
pursued by the present Administration as
regards the Philippine Islands, I can think
of no other course TP procedure for the erection
of stable government there, First of all,
order must be brought out of chaos and_ the
Filipinos forced to respect tho Jaw, Until
this is done, a stable government for them is
impossible, and independence for them Is not
to be considered, After the establishment ol
law and order in the Philippines will be the
best time to consider what kind of a government
they are fit for. 1 think the preaching of Fili-
pino independence {fs premature

“Mr. Bryan probably Rnows that he is putting
the cart ahead of the horse, but by doing so
he is enabled to use the Filipinos for campaign
yurposes and that ts all he wants to do The
Kansas city platform, in dealing with this Philip-
pine matter, reaches still another queer notlon.
After presuming that the setting up of @ Philip-
pine republic will be the easiest thing in the
world, the promise is made that such & repub-
He ts to be protected by this Government for-
ever.

‘L understand this to mean that the Monroe
Doctrine is to be atretched across 12,000 miles
of land and sea to maintain the independent
government of a people whose free citizen-
ship is regarded as a menace to the civiliza-
tion of a republic, I don't believe the Mon-
roe Doctrine was ever intended for such a pur-
One

. “The cant of the Bryan campaign is added to
by this man Webster Davie he idea of such
a man going about the country shoutin for
freedom and liberty. . The hy pocrley of Davis
ia wel) understood by the people of Kansas City
who know him. He was elected Mayor of
Kansas City as the candidate of a well-known
order whose only excuse for existence was a
desire to establish proseription tn this country.
As Mayor of Kanaas City, he denied the rights
of freedom and liberty to American citizens
whose religions faith happened to oem the
under the ban of proscription. He {s, {ndeed,
a fine specimen to advocate the cause of the
Boers, to plead for freedom and liberty in
South Africa after denying the same bleasings
to Americans at home.

 

MASON'S CAMPAIGN PLANS.

The Senator Will Give His Best Efforts for the
Re-election of McKinley.

Rratrur, Wash., Aug. 15.—-Notwithstanding
his erlticisma of the Administration and Secre-
tary Hay for alleged British leanings, Senator
William E. Mason announced to-day that he will
give McKinley and Roosevelt his best support
throughout the campaign. He eaid:

“My trip to the Pacific Coast at this time ts
my firet vacation in fifty years, Instead of
sending my family to Europe I thought I would
spend my money at home and show them some
of the magnificent grandeur of Alaska, Wash-

ington and the West. We are going down
through California and then I will go home and
enter the campaign for President McKinley

“There has heen a great deal of talk regard-
ing my attitude toward the President. We
have had our differences regarcing the man-
agement of certain measures of government,
but to me there is no cearer friend on earth
than William MeKinley. Our cifferences on
political measures will not interfere with my
going to work for him, and 1 want to ard that
we are going to carry Illinois for McKinley
and Roosevelt. We are going to make a good
job of cleaning up that 16 to 1 craze

“If there is anything that shows that Presi-
dent McKinley is against imperialisin it is his
firm and manly stand in the Chinese difficulties,
Geran cing the protection of our eltizens, yet

© enter into the world's conspiracy

to dismember and purtition the Empire. There
is no doubt that Russia, England, Germany and,
in fact, all foreign Powers having Inat for growth
by conquest, have been laying plans to divide
the markets and territory of China. The Preel-
dent's course has surprised all Europe, because
the Powers tag kone we were starting out on
a wild scheme of expansion by conquest.”

 

 

NO PEACE IN JERSEY.

Chairman Gourley and Robert Davis Stick te
Their Dates.

William B. Gourley, chairman of the New
Jersey State Demooratio Coramittes, visited
Jersey City yesterday and established the
headquarters of the committee in rooms 1 and
8 of the Hotel Washington. They will not be
opened until Monday.

No sooner had this business been arranged
than Mr. Gourley was waited on by several
members of the Robert Davis Association who
were anxious to know if the date of the State
Convention, Sept. 12, could not be changed, as
the annual outing of the association f fixed
for the samo day. Mr. Gourley said it could
not. e regretted the conflict and hoped that
{t would not prevent Mr. Davis and other Hud-
son county Democrats from attending the
convention. He was not aware until after the
sate of the convention had heen published

nat the association had selected the same day
for its outing

“None of Wp know that fact,” he continue
“because Hudson county, was not represente
at the meeting at which the date of the conven-
tion was fixed. None of us had been invited
to the outing. It would be undignified to
change the date now.”

Mr. Dayia was our of town, but Thomas L.
Migaine Deputy Collector, said that Mr. Dayis
had authorized him to say that the date of the
outing would not be changed even if Hudson
county were not represented at the State Con-
vention ii consequence.

The members of the association sald that an
invitation for the outing was sent to P.
Vousiey pee than two weeks ago. e
never failed to attend the outings for years,
prey sald, and they thought it strange that the
invitation for this affair had not reached him,

 

SHEPARD IS FOR BRYAN NOW.
The Brooklyn Man Explains His Recent
Change of Heart.

Edward M. Shepard, who is now a good and
loyal follower of the Kings county Democratic
machine, which is led by the Hon. Hugh
McLaughlin, gave out @ statement yesterday
in which he said that he would vote for Bryan
and Stevenson, and that he considered im-
perialism the “paramount iasue of the cam-
paign.” Mr, Bhepard has a at many
reasons for his change of views, which he sets
forth at length in his staternent. He believes
that the policy of exp on is dangerous,
and he sees a particular danger in the present
Chinese situation, He says that it is proper
that the military and naval forces of the United

States should be used for the protection of
our ministers and citizens, hut that because
we occupy the Philippines there is a strong

temptation to seize a portion of China.

Mr, Shepard nays | iat the Kansas City Con-
vention put eat difficulties in the way o

the support of ite candidates by men who hol

optnions like his, but that the things in the plat-
form to which he is opposed aren't materia

Mr. Shepard ends un his statement by saying
that he Is not a candidate for any office, that
he wont attend the conference at fodianapolis
and that his friends, A. Augustus Healey an

Harrington Putnam, send word from Furope
and the Pacific coast respectively that they
hold opinions which are similar to his.

 

WOODRUFF'S CANDIDACY,

The Liecutenant-Governor a Visitor at State
Headquarters Yesterday.

Chairman B. B. Odell of the Republics n State
Committee spent yesterday at his home in New-
burgh and didn’t come down to the State head-
quarters Chairman Barnes of the Executive
Committee was there and Lieut-Gov. Wood-
ruff called and had a talk with him. Mr. Wood-
ruff told his friends that he was not going to
make any active canvass for the nomination
for Goverses,, put that, of course, if the dele

ates wanted him he would appreciate the high

onor of the nomination. Mr. Woodruff is a

tive idate and not an aggressive
candidate, He was sorry that he couldn't
see Mr. ell esterday fle will spend t

est of this week unt!) Saturday in town a
ng the arrangements for the State Fair, he
cane the President of the State Fair Asso-
clation

 

Named for Congress.
Fourth district, Ala. & J. Bowle, Dem.
Pleventh district, ind., W. J. Hauk, Dem,
Ninth district, N.C, J. M. Moody, Rep Y
Fourth district, La, P. Braeseale, Dem. g
Fitts diswict, La, J. 0 Randall, Dem

‘

rr ar ————_——_$—$———————————————————
KT
a

VHE SUN, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.

= one noma

REPUBLICANS TOO SURE?

POSTMASTER-GENERAL SMITH POINTS
OUT THE DANGER IN THIS.

 

Senator Kean, Too, Declares That Republl-
cans Must Work if They Wish to Escape
the Dangers of Bryantsm—Views of Others
Given at National Headquarters Yesterday.

Senator Hanna, chairman of the Republican
National Committee, was in his office at 1 Madison
avenue eurly yesterday morning and stayed
there until late in the afternoon, Mr. Haona
was busy all the time. He had a number of
callers, among whom was Postmaster-General
Charles Emory Smith, Senutor Orville H. Platt
of Connecticut, Senator John Kean of New
Jersey, who hus just been appointed on the Ad-
visory Committee, and several others. Mr,
Smith told Senator Hanna that 60 far as he was
able to see the only thing that threatened the
success of the Republican ticket this fall wus
« feeling of overconfidence, Mr, Smith de-
clares that he hus been shocked at the sell-eutl+-
fled way in which men who ought to be taking
un active purtin the campulan are sitting around
telling each other that it is no use to work as the
election of Mr. McKinley is @ foregone conclu-
sion, Mr, Smith has found these men in all
parts of the country. In speaking about it

yesterday he suid;

“One thing I would greatly emphasize ts
that too much is taken for granted as to our
certain suceaas in the election. The outlook
is certainly very promising, but there is danger
that the people are taking too much for granted
and that success is assumed to be certain,
when it is not certain unless the essential work
and essential conditions are fulfilled.”

“Is there anything in Bryan's speech of ao-
ceptance to which you care to reply?” was
asked

“There are two points especially that ought
to arouse universal attention and ought to be
emphasized everywhere,” said Mr. Smith.
“Phe first ia his unqualified declaration that
in case he is elected he will unmediately summon
Congress in extra session, which {nvolves im-
mediate presentation of all the dangers of
Bryanism. The second is his direct and bold

declaration to Aguinaldo and the Tagals prac-
tieally to continue their warfare, because if
they can contanue it until he is elected Presi-
dent they will succeed in their object.”

“How would Bryan's election be more imme
diately dangerous than it would have been four
years ago?”

“Mr. Bryan’s declaration that in the event of
hia election he proposes to call Congress imme-
diately together inextra session, for the purpose
of dealing with questions which he would pre-
sent to it, ia practicallly a declaration tothe
country that all the menace that is involved in
his election would be immediately precipitated
upon the country—that we will not even have
a respite until December, but it wil come just
as soon as he is installed, His election would
immediately destroy public confidence and that
blow would be all the greater in view of his deo-
jaration inet within four months fromthat time

1 would have assembled Congress together
which would of course be a Bryan Congress if
there was a Bryan President.” :

“Do you think that all branches at Washings
ton would be Democratic in case of Bryan's
election?”

“The House would be certain and the ott
branch so close as to be practically in contro
of the President. It would be an immediate
destruction of public confidence and arrest al
enterprise I think that the people have as-
sumed that the passage of the Currency law
was the settlement of the currency question.
Now it is not the settlement unless we have
a Republican Senate and a Republican House,
It would be unsettled at once by the election
of Bryan. People have taken ft for granted
that this quistion was setied and out of the
way. But it would become unsettled imme-
diately upon a change of conditions.”

Senator Kean was asked whether he be-
lHeved the people realized fully the danger
of Bryanism le said that he had observed
the same feeling of overconfidence which had
attracted Mr. Smith's attention, and that it
had made him believe that there was real cause
for uneasiness I think the people in New
Jersey think they are going to be successful
without their having any reason for thinking
so,” sald Senator Kean. “They have got to be
roused and made to feel thaf things are not
accomplished except by work. They hava
got to work. They have not been aroused
to the importance of the occasion. Of course,
it is early with us now, as many of the people
are away for the summer, either at the moun-
taina or at the seashore. Our campaign will
open on Sept. 6 at Trenton, when we hold the
State Convention. I shall take an active part
in the cammprign.”

Senator Platt of Connecticut met Post master-
General Smith, but they did not discuss the
Neely case. Commissioner of Internal Revenue
D. W. Wilson called on Senator Hanna and had
a long talk with him. A delegation of Ken-
tuckians called to see Mr. Hanna in the interest
of ex-Gov. Bradley

The Hon Joseph H. Manley of Maine, who
has been working hard at headquarters for
the last few weeks, started yesterday for his
own State to look the ground over and organize
things for the State fempaiga which opens
on Monday Mr. Manley said when he came
here that he might run up to Maine onee or
twice before the State elections were held,
but that he did not think much of his time
would be needed up there. He will return in
a few days.

 

THE M'KINLEYS LEAVE CANTON,

 

Plans for the Rest of the Campaige—The
President to Deo No Political Work.

Canton, Ohio, Aug. 15.—President and Mrs,
McKinley left Canton to-day to be gone two
weeks. When they return !t will be to resume
practically the same habits at the Canton home
that have marked their sojourn here during
the past seven weeks, The President is not
coming ‘back to make a front-porch campaign
nor even to receive handshaking political
delegations on his lawn. There ts every tn-
dication that the delegations would like to come
and that only{a suggestion that they would be
welcomed is needed to reénact the scenes of
‘96. But from the first the President has been
averse to such a campaign. Stories that such
was the pian have been revived lately, but it
can be said on high authority that such is not
the ease. The President is averse to doin
anything not In keeping with the dignity o:
his hich office, andpartisan appeals in campaign
speeches might be so regarded.

A trip to the Pacific coast, which has been
apoken of in connection with a series of rear-
platform speeches, is more likely to be taken
after election than before. President and Mrs,
McKinley really want to visit the western slope,
but the present indications are that the sare
reasons which prevent a front-porch cam-
palgn will prevent the trip. The trip to Chi-
eago for the 4. A. R, encamnment ts also to ba
kept absohitely free from anything that might
be regarded as political, All*efforts at formal
demonstrations along the wav will be dis-
couraged and there is no probability of anv
speaking except in connection with the formel
programme as announced Of course if crowds
are assembled on the platforms as the train
passes the President will probably bow his
greeten 4 from the platform, but no stops will

provided for and it ia probable that the trip
will be made in a special car attached to a reg-
ular train.

The President was accompanied by Mrs,
McKinley, Secretary Cortelyou and Dr. Rixey
and the members of the executive office force
who have been doing the work here. The party
left on a special car attached to_the regular
Pennsylvania Raiiroad train, and will reac
Washington to-morrow morning. The house-
hold will be back in Canton by Sent. 1

No one associated with the President was
prepared to say anything about the letter of
acceptance before leaving Canton, except that
{t has not yet been completed. It has been
the Intention all alone to make this document
poe in Canton, and it is probable that it will
»6 issued soon after tho return.

 

ROOSEVELT TO SPEAK IN MONTANA,
State Committee Makes Arrangements for
Four Meetings Next Month,

HELENA, Mont., Aug. 15.—Gov. Roosevelt, it
ix announced in telegrems received here to-day
from Chairmaa Hanna and the Governor him-
self, will visit the scenes of his cowboy days
in eastern Montana next month and will deliver
four political epegrbes as follows: Milea City
Sept. 17° Helena, Sept. 18° Butte, Sept. 19, and
Great Falls, yy 20

His coming is anticipated with great pleasure
by the State Republican Coramittee, which put
forth extra eforte to securo his attendance
during this political campaign, which tncludes
a full State ticket, a Congressional ticket and
two United States Senator ships

Connecticat Republican Itallan League.

Sramronp, Conn., Aug. 15.—About thirty
representatives of the Italians of the State
met in Meriden yesterday to form a political
organization. After some disoussion, euch an
organization was formed, to be known as the
Connecticut Republican Itallan League. The
following officers were elected: President,
Dr. V. Delia, New Haven; Vice-President,
Luigu Richard, Bridgeport; Secretary, lao
la natell, Stanford, Executive Committee,
Frank St. George, Meriden; D. Pettinato, Mid
dietown; G. Nizza, South Norwat, T. Detao,
Snr, John Marasco, Danbury; John
pia bea re. ie ve be formed in
various s of t tate, which will be affll-
fated with the State league.

 

CLARK TRYING TO BEAT CHANDLER?

 

Montana Man Said to Be Seeking Revenge on
the New Hampshire Senator.

Coxconn, N. H., Aug. 15.—The Monitor to-
night publishes an editorial article charging
that former Senator Clark of Montana intends
to use a large sum of money in an endeavor
to defeat the reélection of Senator Chandler
to the United States Senate in revenge for
the attitude Mr. Chandler took in unseating
the Montana man, The article says in part

“In addition to any other questions which
may arise as to the wisdom or expediency of
reélecting Senator Chandler, the Republicans
of New Hampshire are confronted with this
important and serious inquiry: Shall former
Senator W. A. Clark of Montana, by corrupt
expenditures of vast sums of money, take
revenge upon Mr. Chandler for his successful
efforts io forcing Clark from the Senate be-
cause his election was void on account of cor-
rupt practices and bribery? -

“That Senator Clark intends to enter New
Hampshire with money there is no doubt.
He has sworn vengeance upon Mr Chandler,
and has declared that he will spend $100,000
to defeat him. He may think that he can,
for his purpose, spend money through New
Hampshire Democrats. ‘here {s not lacking
evidences that he intends, if possible, thus to
spend money through Repapiiean hands if
he can find them willing. He is desperate and
malignant, doubtless indiscreet in his words
and acts, and it is to be hoped that neither
Democrats nor Republicans will recelve nor
use the wages of bribery and corruption in
an attempt to destroy Mr. Chandler

“But the danger to Senator Chandler is a
real one, Clark is worth from $50,000,000 to
$75,000,000, and his income is about $10,000,000
His son, Charles, who {8 nie Berne yal politica
manager, swore that he had himself an income
of $250,000 per year, The corrupt methods
by which these two men, father and son, ac-
complished the father’s election to the Senate
are shown by. Senator Chandler's | report.
They admitted the expenditure of $150,000;
they undoubtedly spent two or three times
that sum.

“The Senate Committee on Privileg@ and
Flections exposed the briberies and unani-
mously declared that the election was null and
void; and Senator (lark resigned and ran away
to renew his corrupt assaults upon the suffrage
{in Montana

“Incidentally, while apending a million in
Montana, he Intends, if jossible, to spend a
tenth of a million in New Hampshire, to punish,
defeat and degrade Senator Chandler, Is
he to be allowed to do this?”

 

 

NEBRASKA PARTY CONTESTS.
Protests Against Giving Silver Repablicans and
Mid-Roaders Places on the Ballot.

LINcoLN, Neb., Aug. 15.—The right of the
Silver Republican and Mid-road Populist parties
to places on the official ballot in Nebraska this
fall was argued to-day before Secretary of Btate
Porter. The regular Republican organization
objects in the case of the Silver Republicans
and the regular Populists protest against the
Mid-roaders.

The Silver Republican party was organized
four years ago and since then has been a part
of the triple alliance in Nebraska politics
against the regular Republicans. The objeo-
tions to the Bilver Republicans summed up are

three in number as follows:
Firat—At the last election the Silver Re-

publicans failed to poll 1 per cent. of the en-
tire vote cast in the State, as vequired by law

Necond-—-They violated the election law
passed by the last legislature in assuming
a portion of a name of an older party.

hird—They are not a regular party, inas-

much as they have no candidates of their own,
simpiy indorsing the nominees of other parties,

The Silverites, in defence, say that the sec-
ond objection is based on the presumption
that the statute in question Is retroactive,
having been paseed since the Silver Repub-
lican party was organized. The State Con-
stitution is eited to uphold the contention that
no statute can be retroactive

The regular Populist or People’s party bases
its objection to the appearance of the Mid-road
ticket on about the same grounds mentione
fn the Republican protest. It is maintained
hat the use of the party designation “Popu-
ist,” as sought by the Mid-roaders, would con-
fuss the voter, who has become accustomed
to the use of that designation by the regular
Poople’s party. Any confusion of the voter,
say the foo ee party managers, is contrary
to the election laws, The further allegation
is made that the Mid-roaders were Jacking
the 200 delegates at their State convention re-
quired by the statute Lefore their ticket goes
on the ballot.

Affidavits were presented by the Populist
State Convention In support of the Contention
that the delegates that attended the Mid-road
State Convention went there onfree raliroad
transportation, which the regular Populists
charge was furnished by the Republican State
Committee,

he present Secretary of State was elected
as a Populist, His rulings to-day indicate
to the Republican managers that ha will bar
the Mid-roaders, but will give the Silver
publicans a place on the ot. In the event of
such a ruling the Republicans will take the
case into the State Supreme Court.

 

ONE OF BRYAN'S TRICKS EXPOSED.

 

Quotations From the Utterances of Great
Americans on Expansion,

The Republican National Committee tasued
yesterday a document on expansion, com-
posed entirely of quotations from. the men
whom Col. Willlam Jennings Bryan is fond of
referring to in his public speeches. The docu-
ment was compiled by Albert H. Walker of the
New York Bar, and consists of extracts from
the public and private utterances of George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Ulysses 8.
Grant, John Marshall, Henry Clay, Albert
Aallatin, James Madison, James K. Polk, Abra-
bam Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, HBenjamin
Franklin, Alexander Hamilton, William H.
Seward, Stephen A. Dougiss, Gouverneur
Morris, Janes Buchanan and Franklin Pierce.

It has been one of Mr. Bryan's favorite tricks
to declare that none of the great men in the
history of the United States ever said any-
thing except in denunciation of the tendency
of the country to arrow. Mr. Walker's com-
Mlation starts off with six quotations from
Nashington, Lincoln, Jefferson, Douglas,
Jackson and Grant, all of whoin said that the
country had the power to gtow, to govern
dependencies, to acquire territory and to do
all of the things which Col, Bryan says it
shouldn't do. The National Committee is
going to print a million copies of the docu-
ment as @ starter, and wherever it is found
that the Democrats are telling the voters thas
all of the Fathers “re Country were op
to expansion, this refutation will be circulated.

 

UNEXPECTEDLY INDORSED M'RINLEY
Judge W. W. Gatewood Stirred Up a Demo-
oratio Convention ta New Mexico,

Banta Fs, N. M., Aug. 15.—Jdudge W. W.
Gatewood of Carlsbad, spoke at the Demo-
cratio convention of Linooln, Chaves and
Eddy counties, held at Roswell, at which his
law partner, U. S. Bateman, was nominated
for the Legislature and caused a sensation and
almost a riot by announcing himself in favor
of expansion, and stating that i6tol is deader
than @ door nail, He scored the Democratic
party for surrendering to the Populists, and
stated that, although he has been a life-long
Democrat, and still is a Democrat, he indorses
President McKinley # Administration, He was
howled down and could proce. ‘ no further.

CAPT, W. L.
Br'liant Record of a Young OMcer Whose
Death to Philippines ls Reported.

WaASaLNOTON,Aug.15.—-Gen. MacArthur cabled
the War Department to-day telling of the death
of Capt. William L. Murphy, Thirty-ninth

Volunteer Infantry (First Lieutenant Twenty-
fourth United States Infantry), who, he says,
was killed near Tanua Island at6P. M. Tuesday.
Capt. Murphy was born in lowaand appointed
from that State to he Military Academy. He
was made Second Lieutenant of the Twenty-
fourth Infantry April 26, 1898, and a First Lieu-
tenant in the same regiment March 2. 1899.
He was appointed a Captain of the Thirty-
ninth United States Volunteer Infantry Aug.
17, 1800. During the Spanish-American War
Captain Murphy served with his regiment in
the Santiago campaign and was commended
for bravery at the battle of San Juan.

MURPHY KILLED.

 

Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 15,.—The following naval
orders were issued to-day:
Fasign C. A. Abele, from the New York
Seperise as watch and division officer, we Ge
nsign ©. S. Lincoln, from the Scorpion to the
or line duty.
N. Manafeld, from the Scorpion to the

Texas

Re

J ain P. Ha rtment’

the 14th revoked; Gunel bin te nee of

coal barge No | to command the Hercules immedi-

ately
Naval Cadet W. D. Hayes, resi¢uation accepted.

 

 

Drop to Price of Pig Iron.
Another drop in the price of pig tron took

jane > he loon, eee [ostertey. Northern
. uo & ton, or 60 cents
under y's price. . +

SOUTHAMPTON.

“AT

MISS BEATRIX HOYT BEATEN IN THE
HANDICAP TOURNAMENT.

 

 

Miss Clark Plays Good Golf-A, D, Compton
Wins the Cup at Richfield Springs After «
Close Match With S. C, Clark—Champion
Taylor Talks—Many Tournaments Decided.

SovrHavyrTon, Aug. 15.~The match play
rounds were started in the tournament for the
associate members to-day at the Shinnecock
Hills Golf Club. (A strong wind from the north-
west bothered the players greatly. The order
was changed so that they could play either in
the morhing or the afternoon, the first an-
nouncement having fixed the starting time ut
2:80 o'clock. The features of the morning play
wore, the success of Miss Clurk, who conceded
eigh? strokes, nud the good match won by Mrs.
Charles 8. rh, Who gave away four strokes,
Mrs, Brown won the women's national cham-
progeatp of 1895, at Meadow Brook, the first held

n this country. In the afternoon Miss Beatrix
Hoyt, who hua three national championships
to her credit, had to give 12 strokes to M

Wickham, The latter was on her beet game
and won by $ up and 2 to play. Mrs, iller
und Miss Crocker,who met on eyen terms, h

the closest mutch of the day. The summary:

Miss Julia Clark, 10, beat Miss Henderson, 18, by
5S up and 2 to play: Mrs. ©, T. Barney, 16, beat Mra.
Curtis, 12, by 3 up and 2 to play; Mrs Charies 8.
Brown, 12, beat Miss Guiliver, 16, by up and 2 to
play Mrs, Wellman, 14, beat Mrs. Claflin, 18, by 4up
and 2 to play; Miss Wickham, 12. beat Miss’ Beatriz
Hoyt, 0, by é vp and 2 to play; Miss J. Russell, 12,
won by default irom Mrs. Murdock, 14; Mrs. Miller,
18, won from Miss Crocker, 18, by 1 up; Miss Parrish,
12, had a bye

The pairings for to-day are:

Mrs, Wellman, 6, and Miss Wickham; Mra, Brown
and Miss Parrish, even; Miss Clark and Mra Barney,
6; Miss J. Russeiland Mra Miller, 6,

 

RICHFIELD Srrinos, Aug. 15.--Quite a large
assemblage of society people witnessed the
final rounds this afternoon at the Waiontha
Golf Club links for the Richfield Springs and
the women's cups, The first match to start
was the contest between A. D. Compton, West-
chester Golf Club, and Stephen C. Clark, Otsego
Golf Club. There two experts met last Satur-

ay in the final round of the Otsego Golf Club
open tournament and they gave a grand exhi-
bitton of golf, Compton finally winning by 2
up and 1 to play. Knowing how well they played
together, the cottagers and hotel quests visited
the links In goodly numbers to witness the
match, which, In every respect, proved as in-
teresting, if not more so, than thelr great match
at the Otsego links. Clark went out in 43 and
Compton in 46, the former being 1 up at the
turn, Coming home Compton did the cours
in 43 and Clark in 44, Compton winning five of
the holes and Clark four, which made them
break even at the eighteenth reen. The
bogey for the course {s 40, but tt ff. a dificult
prarcer for any person to cover the course in

ogey figures. Compton took the first hole
in the bogey af 4, bit he was notin it on the
next three holes, which were won by Clark,
the first two in bogey flgures and the next in
the par golf of 3 ft was faultless golf on th
winning end and the “gallery” was delighted
with the grand display of skill. The fifth
ole was halved in 6, one stroke above hogey,
while the sixth was halved in the bogey of 5,
Then Clark won the seventh in the bogey of
4, which gave him the lead by 8 up and Ried
the Cooperstown people with joy, as they could
see nothing but prives coming their way,
The irrepressible Compton, however, had
something to say about this time, as he braced
up and won the eighth hole in the par golf of
4 and the ninth in the bogey of 5, which only
jolt him 1 down at the turn, with nine more
oles to catch up in. Clark won the tenth hole
fn the bogey of 4; but his lead of 2 up did not do
nim much good, as Compton was seized with
papther winning streak and won the next four
holes tn rapid succession and allin bogey figures,
This changed the complexion of the match:
fe Compton now led by 2 up, end nothing could
e heard but the dull thud of the feet of the
Cooperstown contingent as they followed the
mayen over the soures. h :
ney eti ad four holes to plav, anda ra

of hope came to the heavy heatta of the coun
when Clark took the fifteenth hole in the par
gvlfof4,and the hope began to beam brightly
when he followed it up by taking the next two
holes in bogey figures. All that was lacking
wna a band of music, a4 Clark now held Compton
dormey one and the cup looked like a certainty.
Compton, to thelr amazement, won the hele
in the bogey of 6 and broke all even at the
pignveents green. Tle play on the nineteenth
hola was watched with intense interest, but
there was no stich thing as downing Compton,
even though the “gallery” was all against him.
Compton's play was faultless and he won the hola
in the bogey of 4. elr cards were as follows:

 

Compton.....0..4 66 56 65 5 4 6-46
Clar eee -w5 44865 45 7--43
Compton $6 44465 6 6 6 8--48—489
Clark... 458 5 644 5 6~44—87

Extra hole—Compton, 4; Clark, 5.
The. semi-finals for the women's cup were
laved in the morning when Mrs, Ransom,
akland, beat Mrs Browning, Harbor Still,
by 1 up, and Miss Wardwell, Otsego, heat Mrs,
Ryerson, Otsego, by 1 up, in eleven holes. The
final round at eighteen holes was played in the
afternoon between Miss Wardwell and Miaa
fansormn, and it was won by Miss Wardwell,
yéupandStoplay. The success of the tourna-
on was due to the wasiring, qforts of the
reen Committee, consisting of Dr. C. C. Ran-
sor, Oakland Golf Club of Bay Side, I. I.; Percy
Kin Fox Hills Gort plub. Staten Island, and
: 2 arne, untingdon Countr:
Biuwy Philadelphia. 7 7

Crrcaao, Aug. 15. —William McCauley of the
Merion Cricket Club of Philadelphia Failed to
qualify for the Rayinoaks cup in the fifth an-
nual open tournament of the Onwentsla club
to-day. MoCaniey was the strongest Eastern
played In the fleld, and previous to this tourna-
ment had caried off the honors twice. As it
required a three-time winner to become the
final owner of the trophy, MeCauley Joses the
opportunity of winning it this year at least.
here were seventy-two starters in the pre-
liminary round of seventy-six entries, three of
these were Eastern players Tyng o
Buffalo, Zimmerman of New Haven an
McCauley of Philadelphia. ©, C. Allen
won the prize offered for the best
ecore in the qualifying round, negotiat-
{ng the 18 holes in 8&5 strokes. Incessan
rain fell during the morningand rather handi-
capped low scores. te quality of play, how-
ever, was as good as has been seen on the Lake
Forest course since the national amateur cham-
vionship last year. The names and scores of
he twenty-four players who qualified for the
Ravinoaks, solace and tyro cups follow:

Cc. ©, Allen, Kenosha, 85; William W -
wentsia, 88: Walter & Egan, Onwentsl en: Na.
thantel Moore, Lake Geneva, 88: R. W. ott, Edge-
water, 60; Phelps B. Hoyt, Glenview, 89; Zimmer-
man. New Haven, 01; Fred Hamlin, Chicago, 91;
Bruce D. Smith, Onwentsta, 91; F. RR. Pettit,
Kenosha, 92; Elmer Williams, Hinsdale, 9a:
J. D. Hubbard, Onwentsta, 93; A. G, Bennett,
Skokie, 93; R. H. McElwee, Exmoor, 04; J. W. Linn,
Lake Zurich, 04; C. M. Cornell, Glenview, 05; S. T.
Chase, Onwentaia, 95; Edward MoGlachlin, Exmoor
95: Theodore Sheldon, Chicago, 05; Willlam M:
McCawiey, Phiiadeiphia, 05; R H. Alken, Kanos!
o6:P. K. T ng. Huffalo, 06: R. G. Watsom, Jr.,
Oqweatee.? iJ. Mi Shett. Cenniew, +

. M. Sellers an ips B. Hoyt of Glenview
finished first in the qualifying round for the
Lake County cup. T.¢ other qualifiers were:

D, R. Forgan and D.Mark Cummings of Onwentst
Walter Egan and Elmer Williams, Lake Gen
W. |. Osborne and F. D. Frazier, Glenview. a

The match play rounds for all the cups w
be continued to-morrow. "we

 

In the second round of the mixed foursomes,
over the full course, at the Deal Golf Club yea-
terday, Miers Ellis and C. McCann beat Miss
B. Dixon bys up and 2 to play; Mrs. L. B. Rol-
ston and L. Erdwurm beat Miss O'Donohue and
J.J. O'Donehue, by 6 up and 8 to play; Miss
Rolston and C. H. Murphey drew the bys. The

semi-finals will be played on next Wednesday.
To-day the second round in the men’s ar:
somes and the semi-Gnele in the “P en's four.
somes, over the short course, will

Tho survivors are Miss EF. ‘Dixon Ag in
Barnes and Miss B. Dixon and Mrs. Durand.

GuEN Cove, Aug. 15-—The Wed jay
women's competition for the Maxwell cup
over the Nassau Country Club course was
marked to-day by pe jow card of Miss Le
Richardson, a 48, which showed excellent galt
ing and won for her § points. Miss Wurste
won 2 and Mrs. Fuller d; In the are
of Saturday's approach and putting contest tie
between fH. M. Adams, C. O. Gates, H. P. Ho’
kins, C. E. Robertson and D. F. Whitney, at
interest was shown and a good sized “ "
watched the players. The conditions called
for the playing of two balla each on three dif-
ferent areene and the lay-off was won by Hop-
kins, with a total of 17, The carda were:

Maxwell Cuo—Miss C. S. Wursier, 62, 8-84: Mra.
C.O Gates. 67, 11--56; Mr. Walter Gibb, 64, 7—57:
Mrs. S, A. Jennings, 72, 1(—62; Miss Knox, 49, 12
—67; Mrs. G. D, Pratt 77, 10-68; Mra Charies
Adams, 59, 6-55; Mrs. M. ©. Fuller, 54, 6—52; Miss
Valentine, $0, 14-66; Mrs E. MH. Sayre, 46, 19—45:
Miss Maida Middy. 59, 0—5%; Miss Maxwell, 57, 0—
87: Mise Richardson, 48, 2-46; Mise Wurster,

Approaching and Putting Contest—H. M. Ada

ms
21; C0. Gate 2; Dr. Hopkins, 17; C, 4
son, 18; D. F. Whitney, 18, , % 5 nee

J. H. Taylor, the open champion of e
Britain, with his partner, doce i © Greet
turned feom Long Branch yesterday, Cann
will soon return to Pittsburg, but Taylor's
plans are not definitely shaped as yet aylor
bak pe oe hotel iast evening

“L enjoyed my trip to the Deal and Seab:
links,’ said Taylor. ‘The first ia a very oe
course, and, on the new part, the ‘air green is
somewhat rough as yet, but on the whole I was

reatly impressed with it. The turf at Sea-

rightis older and in better shape, the puttin
greens being particularly gocd. There Seemed
to be no lack of golfing enthusiasm wherever I
went. Really, I would not pass any opinion on
me ae the amateurs I eaw, for my oppor-
unities have been too limited to
to fall; on that score," va oe

“Did you see that Vardon was beate

best ball of Findlay and Fenn?” wee

es: but what a diMoult task he had aet ont

for - It seems very unwise to play against
such odds. Even two medium-ciass amat
loften beat a professional in suchja ma’

 

TRADE MARK

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

You can make everything fizzy,

6 is no work about it, it is simply ian.
i 0 ee er It can be tossed into a hand bag or the over~

a canoe as easily as at a sideboard

light and takes up little room.

coat pocket and be used on a train or in

ary
‘++
yy i

 

      

Pry)
Be EP HP

or turn plain water into Club Soda for 2';

The whole outfit is

   
 

Ph Ra)

Mineral tablets and fruit syrups furnished.
Pint Bottles, $1.50 up. Pint Syphon Attachments, 50 cts, Quart Syphons, $2.0 up
Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

All Druggists.

 

 

 

SS

for on the green they have two chances to his
oneand that makes up for their weakness on
the long game, As a rule, too, the poorer
Players seem to have the most Juck in putting

This ended the brief chat and the golf cham-
pion and Cann set out to a theatre.

Monrevatr, Aug. 16.-Tom Anderson of
North Berwick, Scotland, who laid out the
Montelair Golf Club grounds, completed nine
new holes to-day, making eighteen in all. The

rounds of the club now comprise over one
frundr ores. he schedule for Septem-
er, completed to-night, is as follows:

Sept. 6, Governor's cup; Sept. 13, women's hand!
cap foursome; Sept 20, Governor's cup and match
with the Ardsley team; Sept. 20, gol! ball sweep-
stakes and team match.

 

MANCHESTER, Aug. 15, Ina team match on
the Ek wonok Golf Club links to-day the bache-
lors, headed by A. M. Reed, defeated the bene-
dicts, captaine by Dr. Clark Burnham, 7 up.
The match scheduled for Friday with Saratoga
has been cancelled by that club,

Jerrenson, N. H., Aug. 15.—To-day's second
qualifying round in the women's totirnament
overt Yaumbek Golf Club links brought out
fine play, and nearly all the contestants bet-
very thelr scores of the previous dav by sev-

strokes. re. Andrew B Cobh, Newton

olf Club, headed the lixt with 60, which makes

f new record for the ten-hole course, and gives

er third place in the match play competition,
A summary of the qualifying rounds follows:

Waumbek Cup Class—-Miss Dallett, St David's
Golf, 68, 62—125; Miss Anne Post Argiewgee. 47,
63-130: Mrs, A. B. Cobb, Newton Golf, 73, 40-133;
Miss Abbie Raymond, Waumbek, 77, 76-153; Mrs
John BE. Adriance, Dutchess county, 4&3, 76-158;
Miss Cobb, Newton Golf, 78, 86 159; Miss M. Post,
Jerse ity Golf, 85, 78-163; Miss C. Post, Jersey
City Golf, 64, 846-174

efferson Cup Class—Miss Stoddard, Waumbek,
AO, BO—-178; Miss Sweetiand, Agawam Hunt. £9, 92
—181; Mra James ©. Church, Kotekerbocker Fieid
93, 91—144; Miss Hartshorne, Waumbek, 09 06-156;
Miss J. Ensign, Waumbek, 04, #7—105; Miss Lesiic
May, Lakewood Golf, 111, 69-200; Mra. Theodore H.
105—209; Miss IAncoln,

Consolation Class—Miss S. A. Devore, Waumbek,
-228; Miss TAttell, Waumbek, 119, 1998
~—228, Mise % ensign, Waumbek, 115, 124—259;
Miss Kiemm, Waumbek, 128, 111-259.
These pairs are drawn for the first rounds at
match play to-morrow:
Waumbek Cup Class— Mra, con, and Miss Ray-
mond, Mrs Adriance and Miss Dalleit, Miss A.
Post and Miss F. Post, Miss M. Postand Miss

Cobb.

Jeflerson Cup Class—Mrs. Church and Miss Sweet-
land, Miss nalgn and Mrs, Banks, Mra Lincoln
and Miss May, Miss Stoddard and Miss Hartshorne.

Consolation Class—Miss Devoe and Miss Littell,
Miss S. Ensign and Miss Kiemm.

A. B. Cobb of Boston has offered a prise for
a special men’s competition on Friday.

Newport, Aug. 15.—There was a
pecesp tournament to-day on the links of the
New port Golf Club for a cup which was won by
iedye {iis, the daughter of Mrs. Ogden

7 was quite a fold of ga ers and

some foo tes were made. Mise Mille is play-
her a very fine give and her friends look upon

 

women's

er as a lity for championship honors.
heacores of those who handed in cards were as
follows:

Miss Gladys pile, 101, 4—97; Miss Louisa Potter,
106, 0— 106; ire ohn Jacob Astor, 107, 0-107;
Miss Busk, 116, 6—110.

Others who played but fatled to hand In cards
were Mies Terry, Mrs. Nathaniel Thayer, Miss
Gladys Brooks and Miss Goddard.

Ban Hanon, Aug, 15,—The second and sem!-
final rounds for the Hinkle cup were played off
to-car. Miserable weather prevailed, although
occasionally there was 4 alight let-up In the driv-
{ne storm. Attheconclusionof the days matches
J. G, Thorpe and Arden Robbins, the two
scratch men, were left in after hard matches
in the m round, C, . ‘appin
of St. Andrews beat T. G. “on-
don, of Tuxedo, 1 up, Andrew Robbins
boat G. 8. Robbins, 4up ands to play: a. G.

norpe beat Dr. Cushman, 3 up and 2 toplay,

d Fellis beat H.Gray,3upjand 2 to play,
obbine met Tappin in the afternoon and
won by 3 up and 2. to play. Thorps
beat young Eliis,4 up and 2 to play.Olt was
very hard going, and all the cards showed low
scores. Robbins, who meets Thorpe in the final

atoh of thirty-six holes to-morrow, is the

ome orack, e won the Hinkle cup three
ears ago, and is generally conce the
astest piayer at the resort. He qualified
as sant man in the national champlonship at
Garden City last spring. Thorpe won the cup

 

last year and§was runner-up in the National of
1306. He is a sure and steady player

and has an aggressive style that worries

his opponent. In the ay for the
horndyke of

consolation cup ;

Harvard, runner-up in the Hinkle cup tourna-
ment last year, will meet L. Gervilie. Arrange-
ments pre being made to bave Taylor, the open
champion of England, play with Vardon here on
Aug. 26 and 27.

PRINCE

 

TO CONTROL RACING.

 

Tanforan and Ingleside Tracks at San Fran-
cisco Will be Owned by Titled Horseman.
8aN Francisco, Aug. 15.—For some time past

Prince Andre Poniatowsky has been quietly

gathering in stock of Tanforan race track and

now he has majority of shares and is in prao-
tical control, He has also an option on
stock of the rival track at Ingleside and that
too ig expected to pass into the hands of tue
titled horsemen, it is a wellknown fact that
the Prince has for soine yeare had in view an
ideal racing association com of wealthy
men interested n the development of
sporougty red horses. The Prince is an en-
thusiast in all sportsand bis colors have been
seen on many occasions on jocal tracks. At

Burlingame Stock Farm near San Mateo ‘e has

one of the best known breeding establishments

OF tn aiid mource It han bee

rom an je source as nm ascertained
that Prince Poniatowsky would surely acquire
bo! acks and that Henry J. Crocker
would egnees with him. Since the
closi of Ingleside, iteestock has depre-
olat in valuegto a great extent and Eastern
stookholders have been anxious to sell for some
time pagt, It is generally known that opposi-
tion to Ed. Corrigan was mainly responsible for
the closing of Ingleside track, and consequently

with California ownership there will be a

chance to secure the repeal! of the present law.

 

SENATOR BUTLER'S PLANS.

 

Has Left Raleigh~—The Friction tn the Pops
list National Execative Committee.
RaLeion, N. C., Aug. 15.—Senater Marion
Butler left on an early morning train and his
whereabouts are unknown. It is said that he
will spend his entire time from now until Aug.
27, the date of the meefti of the P
National Executive Committee, to Seemann
the nomination of a Populist as Bryan's running
There are reports here of friction tween
Butier, who is national chairman, and Edmis-
ton, the vice-chairman of the Populist Com-
mittee. Edmiston called the meeting of the
Executive Board in Chicago without Butler's
peer see consent, and it is said tha
tler to attend the meeting because

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th

TT
SSS
a

Ne = _aaelnd iets —

Write for Booklet.

St., N.Y. City.

CANOBISTS RACK FOR CHAMPIONSHIP,

 

Archbald Wins the Sailing Trophy for the
Fifth Time.

WInpeERnMERE, Ont., Aug. 15.—The racing at
the regatta of the American Canoe Association
at Big Island, Lake Rosseau, to-day was the
best yet seen, Eight races were decided, in-
cluding the sailing and the paddling ohampion-
ships, The entries were numerous and tle
finish close in almost every event.

The sailing championship as was generally
expected, again went to Charles E. Archbald of

the Royal Canadian Yacht Club, the hold:r,
who won the tropby for the fifth time, Moore
of New York broke his seat and retired in the
second round,

In the trophy paddling race, Minett of Cleve-
Jand, Ontario, led for the first half mnfle when
Woods of Toronto came up and won with ease
by a half dozen lencths. Allen of Trenton
fouled MeNeil of Toronto and retired. The
summaries follow:

Paddling One-half Mile With Turn—Won by G. W.
Mactagéart, New York C. C.; J. W. Sparrow, Notonta
C_C. second. Time, 4 minutes 43 seconds

Helay Kace—Open canoes, single biades, one-and
4 lialf miles, teams of Miree nen each—Won by Tu
ronto Canoe Chub with BE, MeNichol, R. N. Brown and
A. MeNichol: Toronto Canoe Club second with k
Woods, J. T. Vaughan and T. Henry, Time, 15
minutes 56 seeonys

Champlonship Trophy Paddling Race—One mile
Straight away—Won by R. Woods, Toronto C. ©;
E. Minett, Clevelands, Ont, second: J. MeD.
Mowat, Kingston, Ont, third; E. MeNichol, Toronto
c. ©, fourth, F. C. Bloomfield. Kingston, Out, fifth
Time, & minutes 57 seconds,

Paddling Astern—Open, _ canoes, singlt blades
quarter of a mile--Won by BE MeNichol, Toronto, ©.
c.. T. Henry. Toronto C. C., second

Single Paddling -Open canoes, single blades, half
mile with turn—Woo by KE. J. Minett, Clevelanis,
Ont.; RK. BR. Woods, Toronto C, C., second, Time,
4 minutes 10 seconds.

Championship Trophy Sailing—Nine miles around
triangle— Won by Charies EB. Archbald, Royal Cana-
dian Yacht Club: G. W. MeTaggart, New York C, ( .
second; G. T. MeMurrich, a!) Canadian Yacht
Club, third. Time.) hour 52 minutes 21 aeconds.

Hurry seurty Race—Run, swim, dle and portege
and paddie—Won by A. Lynch, Britannia ting
Club, Ottawa, Ont: E. MeNichol, Torotio Canoe
Club, second.

 

Cricket,

At a recent meeting of the Executive Com-
mittee of the New York Cricket Association the
ground of the Kearny Cricket Club by 4 unan-
{mous vote was declared in unfit condition for
play, and all scheduled championship matches
remaining unplayed were ordered to take place
on the grounds of theiropponents. The Kearny
club entered a vigorous protest aguinst this
action and felt particularly aggrieved hecause
they were unrepresented at the meeting at which
it took place.

A special meeting was beld yesterday to con-
sider the protest, when delegates were present
from the Patereon, Brooklyn, Kin ‘ounty,
Kearny, Ne gon Lodge and Manhattan olubs.
Some of the clubs whose delegates had been loud
in their condenination of “ §eerny ground
changed their opinion, an he matter wus
again fully discussed. The piputes of the
yrevious meeting were ratified, however, ar

ne galing regarding the question allowed to
stand,

The repreae) tative of the Kearny club gave
notice that his organization would withdraw
from the association on account of the action
taken, but as no forme) resignation waa pre-
sented no action could be taken upon It.

DRANK SOME LAUDANUG,

 

Bat Not Mach-—The Woman Tells Different
Stories About Her Name.

Mrs, Thomas D, Nolan, whose husband keeps
a hotel in Richmond Terrace, Mariner's Aar-
bor, Staten Island, was looking from a
window Tuesday night and saw a woman
on the sidewalk opposite the house put
a bottle to ber lips and drink. She watched
her walk on until she fellto the ground, Ac-
companied by het husband Mra, Nolan went
out to the woman, who was groaning as if in

reat agony. ly her side was a bottle partly
Hed with laudanum, The woman was taken

into the house a’ terw: to the Smith In-
firmary at New Brighton. There it w gaid
that she was {n no danger, and | she was lock
up ona charge of attempted suicide.

The woman gave her name as th,
22 years old, married, of Elizabeth, N, J. She
was arraigned yesterday morning betors Ma-

istrate Croak at Stapleton and there sald that

wr name was th Daley of Eli th,
N. J. She would say othing further, and the
Magistrate remand r until thia mornin,

for examination, ’

PROSPERITY

 

NOT FOR HIM.

 

So Saloonkeeper Bannsman, Old and in Il
Health, Pet a Bullet in His Heart.

Peter Bannsman, a retired saloonkeeper, was
found dead by hie wife yesterday morning |n
his room at 614 East Twelfth street, a revolver
by his side and a bullet hole over his heart. He
gave up bis business at Third and Lewis stree'«
a year ago on account of illness and increasing
age and had been despondent since, On Ties.
day he tended bar for a friend and the «limpae
of bis friend's} prosperity, together with the
realization that such thing® were no longer for
him, were followed by his suicide.

 

Despondent Wife Hangs Herself.

Mrs. Rosa London, the wife of a clothier
in business at Ninth street and Broadway,
committed sulcide yesterday morning by hanc-

ing himself in the bathroom of her home at
62 East Ninetieth atreet. She was 38 years old
Bhe had been suffering from melancholia, She
attached a short noose to a gar Axture, an

ting the rope around her neck jum off the
tub. She was dead when they found
1er.

      

 

GREAT WESTERN.
4 NATURAL OBAMPAGNS
FINEST QUALITY
PRODUCED IN
AMERICA.

Try it It will not disappoint ron.
Bottled only by the Pleasant Valley
Wine Company (Organized 19404

For Sale by
H. B. KIRK @ CO., NEW TORK
8. 8. PIERCE ©O., BOSTON.
And al) firet-clase dealers