,

aaeiepsee

RIE RS aT ama oy

aowe~ 2-20

  

sok

—— A
So ee ae a amateeaaiid ‘
Sea

   

“aso

 

ee
ae

Ss

ceo

en
eee oan

 

i

*,
BI
| |
a)
hy
ie) ak
i 4!
eet
}

a

. reed
Le ee eee

a

,

‘

HURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900,

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
DAILY, per Month..... cavseees £0 5O

 

 

  

DAILY, per Year evaceeeuse 600
BUNDAY., per Year va ‘ ‘ 200
DAILY ANDSUNDAY, per Year... ~ 2

0

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month..
Postage to foreign countries added
Tae SUN, New York City.

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kilosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines,

If our frtends who favor us wiih manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned. they
must in ald cases send stampa for (hat purpose.

 

  

A Plain Voice From California.

The Sacramento Bee is one of the strong-
est supporters of BRraNn anywhere to be
found. Tothe attempt of certain Eastern
organs of Bryan to cover up free silver with
anti-imperialism the California newspaper
promptly and frankly replies:

‘It fe usually not ocd politics for one newspaper
champtoning 4 cause to publicly combat the dictum
of another battling to the same end. But when a Jour
nal attempts to sneer down and to smother a living,
burning principle championed by the candidate
whom it supports, In the allly belief that treachery of
even indifference to one issue will be a magnet to at
tract votes to others, itis the part of common honesty
to protest. And honesty even in politics, fs, after all,
the heat weapon and the most potent argument

“ Free ailver is an issue in this campaten

“Tt was made ao In the strongest language in every
convention which nominated WILLIAM J, BRYAN.

‘The man from Nebraska would never have
accepted the nomination at Kansas City had ft not
been #0 treated.

“ He stated that quietly for publication, and he bad
frequently so averred most emphatically in private
conversation.

“The very hub of the Bryan political wheel fash-
foned at Chicago in 1696 waa free silver. Nota dele
gate in the Committee on Resolutions in Kansas ony
in 1900 was opposed to recommending that wheel
again for campaign use. Some e:gued that the in-
dorsing plank was sufficient: others, that @ stalwart
reindorsement of free silver should be added asa
separate plank. The latter policy carried the day in
the Committee on Resolutions The report was sub
mitted to the convention asa whole, and not one voice
was raised In protest against the free silver plank.
Pree silver was madean issue of this campaign by
the unanimous vote of that national gathering.

“It free silwer were not an issue, WILLIAM JEN-
NINOS BRYAN would not be @ candidate.

“It is an axiom that who {s false in one will be false
in all If BRYAN had been treacherous upon the
silver question, who could have trusted him tn any-
thing else?

“and a battle against the trusts, coupled witha
quast-indorsement of the Gold Ring—the most iniq-
ultous and imfamous of them all--would be about as
sensible as to denounce BENEDICT ARNOLD In one
breath and give the kiss of peace to JUDAS ISCARIOT
in another.”

We quote this honest utterance because it
states squarely the truth about sixteen to
one as an issue in 1900. Itisthe great issue;
the issue which will determine the Prest-
dential contest.

The efforta to disguise it, or blink it, or
closet it for a little while in order to attract
to Bryan the votes of men who are sane
enough on the money question but cranks
on “imperialism,”’ are so discreditable that
they properly excite the indignation of the
Sacramento Ree,

It ought to make Mr. Bryan himself a
little ashamed of his recent performance at
Indianapolis to be told now from acroas the
continent by one of his warmest supporters
that if free silver were not the issue Wir-
11AM JENNINGS BRYAN would not be the
candidate.

 

Where the Real Imperialism Is.

We see that the Southern newspapers
take very seriously BRYAN's essay on “ the
consent of the governed,” or, at least,
pretend go to take it.

Here, for instance, is an exclamation
which the Daily Register of Mobile is moved
to make:

“If we do not respect the Declaration of Indepen-
ence and the Constitution, in all of {ts force: if we show
by our actions that we canata pinch brush aside
those grand instru ments or chartersof human liberty,
we may be sure that in time we will fail to defend our
liberties as we should do, and be ourselves enslaved
bry some daring and astute adventurer who has
learned to profit by our weakness.’

That is wholly true. It is a warning
which must be heeded by the American
people if their liberties are to be preserved.
But the danger of which our Alabama con-
temporary speaks so eloquently is not in the
government of the territory we have acquired
in the Philippines; it is right here in our own
country, over which the protection of the
Constitution unquestionably extends,

Every expression of our Government
concerning the Philippines has proved,
and its conduct toward them has demon-
strated throughout, that ita single purpose
is to extend to those islands a full measure of
self-government whenever they shall exhibit
their desire and fitness for it. Every Amer-
fean knows that the Aguinaldist insurrection
has not now and never has had any fustifica-
tion in any intention or policy of our Govern-
ment to deny or abridge the liberties of
the Filipinos, but that the American pur-
pose is rather to give them freedom for the
first time. So far from denying them
self-government, the Government is prof-
fering it to them under the protecting
authority of the United States, without
which they would speedi'y fall a prey to
foreign greed; and the Aguinaldist faction
is fighting against the liberties of the Fil-
ipinos and not for them, as all the world
knows.

No precedent endangering our own
liberties can come from that source. No
violation of our Constitution has been
involved in the acquisition of the Philip-
pines. They have come under our author-
ity by means like those by which other
additions have been made to our domain.
From the earliest establishment of this
Republic it has been increasing by treaties
of acquisition. The part of Alabama in
which is Mobile itself was acquired without
consulting its inhabitants any more than the
inhabitants of the Philippines were con-
sulted when those islands were transferred
to us by Spain by treaty of peace.

The only real menace to our liberties
comes from Southern States which have
disfranchised many thousands of their citi-
vens by nullifying the Constitution of the
United States. It is they only which have
violated the principle of the consent of
the governed in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. They have taken away the
Tight to self-government granted by specific
Constitutional provision, and thus “ brushed
aside those grand instruments or charters
of human liberty.” They have wrenched
it from vast bodies of their own citizens by
nullification of the Constitution and by vio-
lence to the Declaration of Independence.

If such an outrage on Constitutional
liberty is tolerated and acquiesced in by
the American people, how long can any
part of them feel secure in their right to
self-government? If one body of citizens
can be excluded from the franchise in

defiance of the Constitution because they
constitute a detested political opposition,

 

 

 

 

 

 

why may not any other be disfranchised
when they become politically obnoxious
to a body of citizens strong enough to be
able to deprive them forcibly of their Con-
stitutional rights? If we submit to such an
outrage in one instance, “ we may be sure,”
to use the language of the Mobile paper,
“that in time we will fail to defend our
liberties aa we should do and be ourselves
enslaved by some daring and astute ad-
venturer who has learned to profit by our

weakness,”
That ia, the only danger of imperialism for

  

this Republic will come from negligence in ;
the defence of the franchise against uncon- |

stitutional assault, for the foundation of our
free political system is in popular suffrage.
It will not come from any extension and
expansion of our territory.

The ableat and most powerful of the
opponents of anything having the slightest
tendency to imperialism are in the Repub-
lican party, now in control of the Govern-
ment. The advocates of assault on the
principle of self-government by the nullifi-
cation of the Constitution of this Republic
are now working solidly for the election of
Bryan and for the consequent packing of
the Supreme Court of the United States
in order to secure Immunity for it. This
is the only imperialism, the only assault
on liberty of which the American people
have any reason for fear.

England and Japan.

Of late, we have often had occasion to
point out that at present the Interests of
Japan seem identical with those of Great
Britain and the United States in the Far
East, for the reason that all three of the
Powers named are opposed to any further
mutilation of China, Under the cireum-
stances, the exhibition of dislike or distrust
of the Japanese on the part of representa-
tive English newspapers would seem regret-
table. Nevertheless, such sentiments have
found utterance in the Spectator, the Weat-
minater Gazette and the Times, and have
naturally provoked resentment at Tokio,
It is now satisfactory to finda very differ-
ent feeling expressed {n the August number
of the National Review, which, it is well
known, is a mouthpiece of an influential
section of the Salisbury Cabinet.

The usually sober-minded Spectator ts
haunted, strange to say, with the “ Yellow
Terror,”’ and opines that the spectre is cer-
tain to materialize should the Japanese ever
acquire ascendancy at Pekin. It entirely
overlooks the probability that the actual
crisis in the Chinese capital would not have
occurred had the Shimonoseki Treaty been
carried out in its original form, which gave,
it will be remembered, the Liaotung
peninsula to the Japanese. The possession
of Port Arthur would have made the Mika-
do's Envoy preponderant at Pekin, and
we may be sure that his warning against
the violation of a sacred international duty
would have been received with deference,
If Lord Rosepery, who was then Prime
Minister, had seen fit to back Japan, the
interposition of Russia, France and Ger-
many would have been fruitless, and the
treaty just mentioned would have been
fulfilled. We surmise that the ex-Premier
regrets that he did not take that position,
and that he now congratulates himself
upon the fact that, at allevents, he did not
codperate actively with the intervening
Powers, but kept a passive attitude.

The antipathy disclosed by the Spectator
and by Mr. Frepertck GREENWOOD's at-
tack upon the Mikado’s subjects in the
Weatminster Gazette was sufficiently irritat-
ing, but it seems that intelligent Japanese
are even more aggrieved by a_ letter
published in the London Timea from Mr.
FREEMAN MitTFoRD, who was formerly in
the diplomatic service, and is erroneously
supposed to be a spokesman of official
opinion. Mr. Mitrorp had to acknowledge
that the attitude taken by the Japanese
Government in the present Chinese crisis is
worthy of ail praise, but he proceeded to
caution the readers of the Timea not
to allow “admiration for this fascinat-
ing and energetic people to lead us
into playing their game to our own
peril.” What is the “game,” and what ts
the ‘‘peril?’’ Mr. Mirronrp answers that the
national character of Japan is restless and
aggressive in the highest degree, and that
her great ambitionis to become the military
leader of a vast Manchu-Chinese-Japanese
League. The implication is that the pur-
pose of such a league would be to revive
the design of Genanis Khan and his suc-
ceassors and effect a complete conquest of
the West. As the National Review suggests,
Mr. MitFoRD seems to consider it better
that Europeans should be massacred by the
Chinese than be rescued by the Japanese.

The National Review, for its part, declares
that the development of ‘‘The England of
the Far Fast "’ into a first-class Power {s un-
reservedly welcome to the overwhelming
mass of Englishmen. Lord Rosesery, it
says, is now ‘applauded by all parties for
declining to join the anti-Japanese concert,
and, to-day, the only reflection upon his
policy arises from the feeling that he ought
to have gonea good deal further in sup-
porting the Japanese.’ Far from agree-
ing with Mr. Mrtrorp that England ought
to assist Russia in excluding Japan from
northern China, most Englishmen hold, it
says, that there is plenty of room for both
Japan and Russia in that region, but that
the ultimate possession of Corea is ahso-
lutely vital to the Japanese if they are to
remain a great Power.

It is understood that the Mikado's Gov-
ernment was prepared from the early part
of June, when the situation at Pekin became
perilous, to land in China within a few days
a fully equipped fleld force of 50,000 or
60,000 men, an army which would have
reached the Chinese capital by the end of
June or the beginning of July; that is to say,
in ample time, as we now know, to deliver
the legations. Naturally, however, before
moving, the Tokio statesmen  dosired
to receive a definite mandate from other

Powers which would guarantee them
against a repetition of the treatment
which they received after the close

of the Chinese war. The National Review
declares that history will require an answer
to the question why such a mandate was
not given, and it expresses the hope that,
when the facts are made known, it will be
found that from the outset the British Gov-
ernment, at any rate,was ready to place both
its financial credit and its sea power at the
service of Japan in the event of her de-
spatching two army corps to Pekin. It
intimates--we must remember that this
review's " intimations’’ regarding the acts
of the British Foreign Office are equiva-

lent to semi- official admissions — that
England urged Germany to beseech
Russia not to object to the pro-

posed action on the part of Japan, but
that “the German Government behaved
with characteristic meanness, and exploited
the episode by representing England as
‘intriguing ‘against Russia.” At all evente,
the mandate to Japan was not forthcoming
atthe time when it would have saved the

situation. Why, it may be asked, should
England seek to influence Russia through
Berlin? The answer is that a secret agree-
ment is understood to have been signed last
year between Germany and Russia, prac-
tically making the former Power & satellite
of the latter so far as Chinese affairs should
be concerned.

Inthe National Review's opinion, ‘history
will certainly condemn the German Emperor,
who thus far has contributed nothing but
bombast to the present crisis, for the part
he personally played in thwarting the man-
date to Japan; all the more as his piratical
appropriation of Kiaochou 1s the fone
et origo mali, or root of the whole
trouble.” The only bright spot which
the Review can find in the painful chapter
of diplomacy which, for two months, left
the foreign legations at Pekin exposed to
frightful peril, is the public spirit and self-
restraint displayed by the Japanese. ‘' They
have,” it says, ‘set an example, of which,
it is to be hoped, Christian nations may
show themselves worthy.”

 

A Great Man of Business.

Coitis Porter HUNTINGTON, President or
director of many great railroad, steam-
boat, and other enterprises, and one of the
greatest American geniuses for business,
was a poor Connecticut boy in a large
family. He began his business career at 14.
He worked for seven dollars a month at
first. He wasa pedier; he kept a general
store; he got rich in hardware. Then he
had a continental idea, of a railroad between
the Atlantic and the Pacific. HUNTINGTON,
Hopkins, STANFORD and CROCKER must
be numbered always among the greater
gods of business, men who foresaw the
future and were equal to a mighty enter-
prise. With them and afterward without
them, Mr. Huntrnoton, the sturdy sur-
vivor of those giants, those planners and
builders, carried on a multitude of pros-
perous undertakings. He was much hated,
not so much by rivals as by the unsuccessful
loafers who regard the riches of others
as an insult to themselves, but he was 4
decent citizen, quiet, thoroughly American,
and thoroughly unostentatious.

When Coiiis Hvuntrnaton was a boy,
the Connecticut folks were saying, “O,
there's no chance to get rich now. When
you had a fat contract in the War of 1812
you could make some money, but it's too
late now. A poor man has no chance.”

And now the bilious, the discontented
and the lazy are saying, “O, HUNTINGTON
made a lot of money, but there is no such
chance now.”

There will always be a chance for the
frugal, the enterprising and the foresighted.
The first competence that HuNTINGTON
got was such a competence as {s within
the reach of almost all. The affairs of
magnificent scope in which he afterward
engaged were such as can be managed
only by the wide-ranging man of genius.
His was a broad imagination supported
by a solid base of practical business sense.
There cannot be many such men any more
than there can be many SHAKESPEARES and
DaNTES, but some there will be in every
age; and in his way a mighty man of busi-
ness must have something, indeed a good
deal, of the mathematician and the poet.
In the lower, but easier, walks of trade the
way to success is just as easy and just as
hard now as it was when Mr. HUNTINGTON
was a boy.

Somewhere or other in the works of
Fowarp Everett—his brilliant son will
correct us if we quote the spirit rather
than the letter—is a passage in which he
speaks of the boys “who have inherited
nothing but poverty and health, who in a
few years will be striving, in generous con-
tention with the great intellects of the
land.
forward like a greyhound at the slightest
glimpse of honorable opportunity, by
redeeming time, defying temptation and
scorning sensual pleasure, to make himself
useful, honored and happy.” :

Old-fashioned, obvious, obtrusive moral
advice, ‘t may be said. There are thousands
of Bryanites kicking their heels at station
platforms or rural groceries or groggeries
and expectorating discontent. There is
no chance for a young man, they say. The
Trusts and the corporations spoil all. The
rich are getting richer and the poor poorer.
If Huntinaton had had this spirit or want
of spirit, he might have died on the town
farm in *‘« native village.

 

 

They Want to Hear Roosevelt.

Up to date this year the Republican Na-
tional Committee has had few serious and
intricate problems to determine, One of the
most perplexing questions with which it has
had to deal is how to supply, without undue
offence to the hopes and wishes of Republi-
cans generally, the urgent and insistent
demands for Governor ROOSEVELT as a
stump speaker.

From every part of the United States,
from California, Kentucky and New FEng-
land, from the strong Republican States
of the Northwest and the traditionally
Democratic States of the South, from Ohio
and New Jersey, safely Republican, and
from Missouri and Kansas, doubtful or
uncertain, from Maine and Texas, the de-
mand for Roosrve.t is general. If the
exigencies of the canvass demanded it,
or the official duties of the Governor per-
mitted, Mr. Roosevevt would be engaged
incessantly from the present time until
Nov. 6, disoussing the great issues of the
campaign and making the voters better
acquainted with his views and purposes
in support of WrLL1aAM McKINLEy and the
policies which McKINLEY'’s nomination
representa.

It is, of course, not possible that any
arrangement of Mr. Rooseve t's itinerary
can be made by the Republican National
Committee which will satisfy all these
demands. It is necessary to curtail even
his conditional acceptances to speak in
a few States.

It is remarkable that the most earnest
and strenuous calls for Governor Roosr-
VELT as a campaign orator are from the
State of New York where he is known,
and where the demands for his attendance
are not made with any notion of the need
of his presence for party success in the
State, but from a spontaneous desire to hear
and see an American who is not afraid to
speak courageously on every question
which American electors are interested
in and want to hear discussed.

 

Aug. 23 at Topeka the Hon. Wrarton
Barger and the Hon. lonativs DONNELLY will
be present at the Middle-of-the-Road Populist
State Convention of Kansas, At ‘lopeka, Aug.
23, the Hon, WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN will be
informed that he was nominated for President
by the Sioux Falls Convention. Will not these
pretereminent Populists make an agreement to
divide the time?

 

 

The evil effects of plutocracy upon the Hon,
Jenny SIMPSON are only too apparent. He
suggests to the Kansas Fusion State Central

It remains for each, by darting:

(rrr er

yer

Committee that the women give lawn parties
and “while entertalning the men in @ social
way press upon them the necessity of voting
for Fusion.” When Jenny was in his prime of
Populism he would have scorned lawn parties
as an invention of the Money Devil.

—— error

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

 

The reports of the allied advance come down
to Saturday, and it is evident that the weather
and the conditivn of the roads are interfering
with the movement of the troops. Such news
as comes out of Pekin does not inspire con-
fidence in the Chinese authorities there. The
same temporizing that has characterized their
diplomacy from the start continues and though
the legations are reported to have been safe
up to Monday, the despatches from Mr. Conger
and the French and British Ministers describe
the situation as decidedly critical. Nothing
conclusive, however, can be known until the
head of the relief column reaches Pekin, Mean-
time attention is drawn to Shanghai
and the south of China, The Vice-
roy of Nankin objects to the landing of
the British troops from India at Shanghai,
and Admiral Seymour awalts instructions from
London; while the French Consul at Canton
in accord with the Chinese authorities ts send-
ing a joint commission on a French warship
to Swatow on the coast northeast of Canton,
to look into the state of things up there and
reéstablish order. Reports from other places
describe a general movement of the mission-
aries and other foreigners from all parts of
the interior of China to the treaty ports, where
they will be under the protection of ships of
war. There are many rumors of the rearma-
ment of the Chinese coast and river forts with
modern guns, but they lack authenticity, and
some of the despatches are geogrephically
and otherwise inaccurate

In Manchuria the Russians are apparently
having it pretty much their own way, their
command of the internal communications
enabliug them to outflank and take in reverse
the Chinese troops at nearly every point ex-
cept on the railway between Newchwang and
Charbin, and those will be dealt with by the
reénforcements coming round from Europe
by sea. The Siberian frontier is now clear
of the Chinese bands and the working parties
on the railway between the Siberian line and
Tsitaihar are returning to work under the pro-
tection of the troops arriving from Europe
and the Transbaikal military districts.

CANNON TO FIGHT HAILSTORMS.

Experiments itn Protecting French Vineyards
Pronounced Successfal.

Wasuinaton, Aug. 15.—"An effort ts being
made in this section of France to dissipate
hailatorms by firing cannon at the clouds,”
writes Consul Covert to tne State bepartment
from lyons. “Fifty-two cannon, :uanned by
104 cannoneers and their chiefs, have been
distributed over an area of 2.500 acres of rich
vineland. A high potnt in the vineland t.
be covered hy the experiments was selected
as the central post of olaervation and « signal
code adopted under which, when a shot ts
heard from the central post, all the cannon are
fired at frst twirea mimite. and more slowly after
the first ten shots. | translate the report of
the first firing at the storm clouds this season:

“*Phe farmers of Denice were sroused at
1:80 o'clock on the night of June 5 and 6. The
storm Was very severe he artilleriste. from
forty tofilty strong, fired their gunsand stopped
the thunder and lightning. In the neighbor-
ing communes the people saw columns of tame
rise WO feet above the cannon when the shots
were fired. At several places women recharged
the cannon.’

The wine-growers are organizing to at-
tack the hailstorms in many of the great wine-
growing regions of France ‘The two experi-
ments thus far reported are pronounced suc-
cessful A writer in one of the wine-crowers’
organs says; ‘The results obtained {rom these
experiments are such that organisations will
be established at once in all the places that
have heretotore been ravaged bv hail. T
am told that the practice of shooti at the
clouds was known In France over a_hundred
venars ago and that it originated in Italy. It
is to be more extensively carried on this year
than ever before.’

REPORT ON BARGE OF «ICE SCANDAL.

 

The Whole Matter Turned Over to Powderly
by Secretary Gage.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.--The Barge Office
investigation has been reviewed by the Solici-
tor of the Treasury and his report handed to
Secretary Gage. The report is a very decided
opinion expressed by Solicitor O'Connell that
the charges against officers of the Barge Office
in New York, made in the report of the investi-

gating committee, of bribery, brutal indigni-
ties to women, and conspiracy alnst the
authorities at Washington are not substantiated
by the evidence taken, upon which the report
of the committee was made early in June,

Secretary Gage, having had reports from
two points of view on the testimony taken
by the investigating committee and the ex-
hibits offered in evidence, has turned the whole
matter over to Commissioner-General Powderly
of the Immigration Bureau. Secretary Gage
has placed the matter where Mr. Powderly
may take whatever action he sees fitand assume
the responsibility.

 

WHY GOLD GOES ABROAD.

 

Secretary Gage Explains the Export Move-
ment—Gold Here to Spare.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.--Secretary Gage said
to-day in answer to a question on the subject
that the export gold movement is most natural,
being the result of negotiations here for a large
part of the English war loan. He said:

“Nature always tends to establish just equi-
librium. We have gold to spare,and it will go
and ought to go where it can be most profitably

employed. Just at present that place seems
to Great Britain and Euro Our supply
is constantly increasing from domestic produc-
tion, and we are buying almost the entire pro-
duction of the British Klondike region. As
long as wefmaintain the gold standard we can
retain for our own use all the gold we need.”

James Russell Lowell Left Out,

To THE Eprror OF THE SUN —Sir: It {s hardly
to be hoped that any selected one hundred names for
the Hall of Fame will content every one, but the list of
preliminary nominations recently published seems
unexpectedly amazing.

I have been unable personally to discover the princt-
ples of selection that exclude from a list of distin-
guished American men of letters the name of James
Russell Lowell.

Abler arguments than! can make have no doubt
discussed Lowell as wit, scholar, critic and poet. Itis
possible that the Judges do not, 4% some, consider him
the fullest man of letters of American birth, buta
word may still be sald forthe writer of “Democracy”
and of the “Commemoration Ode."" Ido not remem-
ber who described the Birmingnam address as the
sermon on Lincoln's text (the Gettysburg Address),
but I be@ leave to recall the criticism of the ode by the
late George Willlarn Curtis. Inthe course of his ad-
dress in Brooklyn, soon after Lowell's death, Mr.
Curtis sald

‘The genius of enlightened Greece breaths audibly
still in the oration of Pericles over the Peloponnesian
dead. The patriotic heart of America throbs forever
in Lincoln's Gettysburg address) But nowhere tn all
literature Is there 4 more magnificent personification
of a country whose name is dear to Its children, no-
where 4 profounder outburst of patriotic loyalty than
in the closing lines of the Commemoration Ode. The
American whose heart, swayed by that mighty music,
does no; thrill and palpitate with solemn joy and
high resolve, does not yet know what {t {sto bean
American.” c. M.

NANTUCKRT, Mass. Aug 15.

 

Altgeld Slated for Attorney-General?

From the Boston Daily Advertiser.

CHICAGO, Aug. 13.—Gov. Altgeld ts slated for At-
torney-General of the United States In the event of
the election of Col. Bryan. ‘This will be cheerful
news for corporations in general and for trusts In par-
teular. The fact of Gov. Aligeld's selection for this
place is one of the secrets which was notto be allowed
to escape, but the ex- Governor's confidential friends
could not keep it entirely to themselves, and the mat-
ter Is being quietly discussed among the elect When
approached for comfirmation of the report national
leaders enter denial.

A Color Symphony,
From the Toma River Courter.

Retin Green of Bordentown bas been a guest at B.
Zabriskie's for a few days

Pink Brown, the Lakewood colored boy who shot
his stepfather. George Walls, in a family quarrel, was
down on Saturday to hunt up a lawyer,

Stagg Whitin is at a Beach Haven hotel

THE SUN, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.

'

 

i
SSS SSS SSS

 

 

HOW WE LOST “BRITISH” COLUMBIA.

A'Review of Previous Boundary Disputes With
Great Britain.

To tae Epirorn of Tak Sun—Sir: There is
in my collection of atlases one dated 1831, which
is as interesting in (ts way as the sketch map of
the ancient Alaskan boundary and the new one
proposed as the result of the modus vivendi for
the head of Lynn Canal.

This atlas shows, first, the original boundary
of Maine under the treaty of 1783, greater by
5,500 square miles than it now is or has been
since the superior diplomacy of Great Britain
took us in in 1842; secondly, the original bound-
ary of Oregon (a part of the Louisiana Pur-
chase of 1803), extending northward from the
49th degree of north latitud> along the Rocky
Mountains to 64 degrees 40 minutes north lati-
tude, thence westward to the Pacific Ocean at
Portland Channel; thirdly, the southern bound-
ary of Oregon coincident with the present
northern boundary of California at the 42d
degree north latitude, at that time also the
northern boundary of Spanish America;
fourthly, the original boundaries of Russian
America, as claimed by Russia, commencing at
54 degrees 40 minutes north latitude, on the
Pacific Ovean, thence eastward across the Rocky
Mountains into the Mackenzie Basin, thence
northward down the Mackenzie River to the
Arctic Ocean, thence following the Arctic and
Pacific ocean waters to the Pacific coast at o4
dogrees 40 mintites north latitude,

It may be interesting to recall the origin of
that historic line of 64 degrees 40 minutes, long
one of prime national importance.

Explorattons along the Pacific coast of North
America were conducted by the Spaniards
northward from Mexico, and southward by
Russia from Behring Strait.

The Spanish title fs founded, in addition to
the original conquest of Mexioo by Cortes, on
the following expeditions and explorations:

1534—-Expedition sent out by Cortes; discov-
ery of the coast, gulf and peninsula of Lower
California.

1540—Expedition sent out by Mendoza; dis-
covery of the mouth of the Colorado River by
fleet commanded by Alarcon.

1542-—-Exploration by Cabrillo; coast of upper
California explored to Cape Mendocino, north
latitude, 40 degrees 80 minutes

1502--Expedition of Juan de Fuca (a Greek in
the service of Spain) to the North Coast; ex-
ploration of the strait named after the naviga-
tor, and charting of the coast to 65 degrees,
north latitude

1602-Discovery of the bays of San Diego and
Monterey by the Spaniards under Viscaino.

1640—Expeditions of Admiral Fonte north of
Vancouver Island.

1007 Establishment of permanent miselons,
under Spanish authority, by Jesuit missionaries
at Loreto.

1767—-Expulsion of the Jesuits from Spanish
America by Charles ITT. of Spain.

1760-—-Founding of the first Franciscan mis-
sion in California under Spanish authority.

The title of Russia to Russian America
dates back to the services of the great navi-
gator, Vitua Behring (a Dane), forthe Empress

Catherine, commencing in A. D, 1722. In 1728
Behring sailed through the straite now bearing
his name and determined the separation of
Asia from America, .

In 1741 he reached the American coast at 58
degrees 28 minutes north latitude, not far from
Lynn Canal; and, sailing northward, passed
and named Mount St. Elias, thus making
good the title of Russia to all that portion of
the American continent west of 141 deerees
west, the longitude of the great mountain land-
mark.

During the following fifty rears the Russians
made settlements in the country in many plac*s
for the prosecution of the fur trade, both north-
erly and southerly of Lynn Canal

In 1792, an event of great historical {mpor-
tance occurred As the flames of the French
Revolvtion were lighting up the land of
La Fayette, Capt. Robert Gray, the eminent
merchant and navigator of Boston, had fitted
out aship called the “Columbia” for an expe-
dition to the Pacific coast He was fortunate
enough to discover the mouth of the great
river of Oregon, YP, which he sailed to the bay
which still beara his name, giving to the river
the name of his ship, and the Columbia River is
and will continue to be one the proudest
trophies of the great Republic

At the time of this discovery the principle
was fully recognized by Great Britain and
other nations that the discovery of ths mouth
of a river carried jurisdiction to and over the
basin drained by it, and asthe head waters of
the Columbia extended northward into what is
now called British Columbia almost to the 54th
degree of north latitude, the — discovery
of Capt. Gray laid the foundation for title to
that basin in the United States. Though Great
Britain now holds a part of it, the monument of
her title with the name of British ‘‘Columbia"™
reatson the hones of the Yankee skipper's ship

By the purehase, however, by the United
States from Spain of the territory of Louisiana
in 1808, this claim was merged in the more
ancient title, for Spanish navigators had ex-
plored the coast just 200 years before up to
55 degrees north latitude

In 1799 the Fmperor Pal VIII. bestowed a
forty-year charter on a Rurso-American Fur
Company, and many stations were established
inlend as well as upon the is ands

Four years later (808) came the JV,oulstana
Purchase and the junction of the boundaries of
the territory of the Lnited States and Ruasian
America on the Pacific Ocean,

Our Government took prompt measures to
extend the flag over the new territory clear to
the great ocean, and in 1894-6 the famous ex-
nedition of Lewis and Clark crossed the Rocky
Mouotains from the east and explored the
Oregon territory to the Pacific coast, descend-
ing the Columbia River to ita mouth.

Immediately after the purchase of Loulsiana
wy the United States, Great Britain advanc
claims to the Oregon country on the following
«rounds:

1578 That Sir Francis Drake, laden with
the golden spoils of many Spanish ships
which he had rifled and sunk, and fearing to
round the Horn on his return voyage to Eng-
Jand, had sailed along the Pacific coast north-
ward to 48 degrees rorth latitude and had
repaired his ships at Sir Francis Drake Bay, just
north of San Francisco Bay.

1778-- Arrival of Capt. Cook from. the
Hawaiian Islands to the west coast of North
America, which he skirted northwardly to
Cook's Inlet in the effort to find a northwest
passage: also visited the Strait of Juande Fuca,
south of Vaneouver Island

1792. Expedition of Vancouver to the Strait
of Juan de Fuca (discovered by the navigator
whove name it bears just two centuries before);
examination by him ot American coast from 39
degrees 37 minutes north latitude to 56 degrees
north latitude. After visiting the Spanish set-
tlements he continued his survey of the coast
southward to 35 degrees north latitude.

This was the British case against the Spanish
discoveries and settlements extending over a
period of two and a half centuries.

During the fifteen years tollowing the pur-
chase of Louisiana in 1803, the history of the
settlement of Oregon isa extremely {ntereat-
ing one, and every American should study it.

By 1818 the pressure of Britisn diplomacy had
wheedied our State Department Into making
an agreement for ‘Joint occupancy" of all the
Pacific coast territory from 42 degrees north
latitude to 54 degrees 40 minutes north latitude,
extending eastward to the Rocky Mountains.
the agreement to last ten vears. This gave
Great Britain her opportunity to treat with
Russia, while the Oregon question was nicely
laid away in lavender

The thousand miles of Pacific coast line be-
Came a great prize to be prayed for later.

What was the sprat which caught the Amer-
ican diplomatic mackerel of that
hook of British cuile? Simply the privile to
American fishermen to fish on the Grand Banka
of Newfoundland. Thesacred Boston codfish
vs. a continent!

1820--Two. years after the ‘‘diplomatic tri-
umph" of the “joint occupancy,’ another tri-
umph was soored in the retrocession of Texas
originally a part of the Louisiana Purchase, to

Spain.

The brilliancy of this triumph was much in
evicence when, two vears later, 1822, Mexico
dec!ared her independence of Spain and won it
by 1824. Of course Mexico fell heir to Texas.

1825—This isthe year of the treaty between
Great Britain and Russia, fixing the Alaskan
boundary; the year also of @reat American re-
ine over the completion of the Erie Canal

rom Buffalo to New York. Great Britain aiso
rejoiced, for the Russian-American boundary
had been pushed west ward out of the Mackenzie
River Basin to the l4ist degree of west longitude.

Russian dip omicy, however, shied at letting
the wily Briton through into the Pacifle Ocean.
It remained absolutely firm and immovable on
that point.

_1827--The ten-year agreement for the
“joint occupancy” of Oregon being about to
exp Fo, it wae Fonewed fap an indefinite period,
subjec © abrogation by either t

giving twelve months’ notice. aw sa

1828 A most memorable year, a period of
triumph for. the principle of protection to
American industries in the passage of a radical
tariff measure

1832. Another memorable vear: the Southern
opposition to any protection to American man-
ufactures made effective in the Henry Clay
compromise, under which the customs duties
ae Fecuosd 10 per pint annually, the last

per vent. to come off in 1842 A conde -
ae to qed wy mow atrangulation! _—

1 nder the turbulent and arbitrar
rule of the Mexican Government Texas we le
pelied iy ys her independence

~A strong movement among the Cana-
dians for independence. .
1830 a the qhorter of Se Ruseo-
mpany for twenty-five vear«
182—A biack-letter year for the United

day on the

>
g
2
e

| States. Culmination of distress and ruin

‘lution for the acmission of Texas asa State;

| miles of our territory were “diplomatically” de-
| tached and lost to us

EOE PF OS ee ers ee ee

—

wrought by the Henry Clay installment plan
repeal of the Tariff act {n 1832, Ceasion to Great
Britain of 5,600 square mules of the State o

Maine
1845_-Paseage by Congress of the joint reso-

 

approved by Texan Congress July 4 of same
year The same year witnessed the be ‘inning
of liberal commercial relations between
and the United States. ;
1846 Opening of war between Mexico and
the Un ted States. Repeal of the Corn laws of
Great Britain. Splitting of Oregon in twain by
driving through to the Pacific from the Rocky
Mountains of the forty-ninth parallel, thus re-
Mnquishing to Great Britain the present Prov-
ince of British Columbia and its vast hinter-
land, and furnishing her with the site for her
giant fortress, opporite our northwestern door-
way, at Esquimalt!
This chronology affords much food for re-
flection, It illustrates how (reat Britain keeps
her diplomatic causes in pickle until the oppor-
tune time comes to. drive home tha entered
wedge and spiit off the chunk all the while
aimed for. Thus for fiftv-nine years (from
1783 to 1842) the Maine boundary question was
kent open, with periodic aggressions, until 5,500

anada

In like manner the Ore-
gon question was only raised after our pur-
chase of Louisiana in 1808, and having by the
“joint oceupaney”’ arrangement of 1618 gotit
in a good keeping condition, Great Britain could
afford to waitanother twenty-eight vears, ule
tll we had become embroiled with Mexico over
the Texan annexation resoln ion, befor» bring -
ing the Oregon business to an acute diplomatic
singe and reaching out for the coveted prize!

Passing over twent¥-one years of instructive
history we come to 1867, the year that that wise
old New York statesman, Secretary Seward, se-
cured for us for the trifling sum of $7,200,000 a
territory twelve times greater than the area of
the State of New York!

And that is why, first of all, we have an Alas-
kan boundary question, and why Americans
ace fearing we are about to score another tri-
umph of American diplomacy of the Maine and
Oregon type. Those triumphs are 68 and 54
years of age respectively, but with what a feel-
ing of pride will the blood auffuse our checks aa
we still read about them. Listen to the short
glory of the Maine triumph by President Cham-

“lain

“The difficulties about the northeastern
boundary had increased with each year sinoe
the treaty of 1788. Great Britain had gradually
obtained tossession of considerable territory
within the line claimed by the States under the
treaty, and after the war of 1812 laid claim to
territory which had long been under the actual
Jurisdiction of Massachusetts

“The question a-sumed national and interna-
tional importance. The Gow rnment of the
United States, apparently desirous of eratify-
ing Great Britain, offered Maine 1,200,000 acres
of land in Michigan to vield its claim; but the
rroposition enly aroused indignant protest in
th: State, which culminated in the sending of a
military force to defend ite territory

“Finally, however, considerations of national
policy, urged at Washington, induced Matne to
acquiesce in the treaty, which took away a large
area in addition to that already silently vielded,
amounting in all to 5.500 square miles,an area
greater by 600 square miles than the State of
Connecticut, and by 1,680 miles than the States
of Rhode Isiand and Delaware combined!’

Is history repeating itself?

Georoe W. Drraripas.
New Yor, Avg. 14,

 

Golf Playing on Sunday,

To THR Eprror or THe SuN—Siér: Tt all
women wore short skirts, had change pockets and
carried no parcels they would get off a car properly.
From the time a girl dons long dresses her motions
are hampered. The short skirtand change pocket
are the radical means of reform for women who get off
cars backward,

Speaking of reform reminds me of the Sunday golf
games. If one plays golf Sunday morning, could he
not with as good grace play whist Sunday afternoon
and visit the theatre In the evening?

Golf isa noble game, too noble indeed, to be the
means of desecrating the Sabbath. There ta a show of
decency when a man goes to ehureh Sunday morn-
ing and plays golf in the afternoon, but does it
not denote a lowered moral standard to devote entire
Sunday mornings to the game?

‘The class of people who play golf is of the best—tn
education, culture, business and social standing,
they are usually leaders—how is it then that they
defy the ‘‘American Sunday?”

Our country was founded, not by Sunday golf play-
ers, but by God-fearing men. Had they desecrated
the Sabbath and lessened thelr sturdy faith in God
this country would not stand, as it does to-day, the
light of all nations, the emblem of freedom, purity
and righteousness.

Golf players come from the class who are to uphold
this country, be its lawyers, merchants, business
men. Can nothing be done to stop @ practice, In itself
beneficial and invigorating, which yet, misused, de-
stroysthe sense of moral right that inthis country
has ever been most honored? GOLF PLAYER

LANSINGBURG, N. Y., Aug. 18.

A Missionary to the Cannibals Nominated,

To THE EpITOR oF THE SUN -Sir: I have
read many Interesting letters in THe SuN in expla-
nation of why churches are so siimiy attended, but
T'll venture to say that no one of them began to fur-
nish an answer so striking as that afforded in your
account in to-day's paper of the religious meeting at
Old Orebvard, Me, on Sunday last, for the purpose
of raising funds for foreign missions. That profes-

sional religious beggar, Dr. Simpson, actually ac-
cepted a contribution from a poor woman of all the
cash she had, not leaving her one dollar to get back
to her home.
As for the foreign mission's business I think that
instead of raising more money to maintainit 't would
be far more sensible to call for means to get back every
one of the missionaries in foreign lands. If, however,
Simpson could be persuaded to go himself I would
say yes! and would recommend him tosome cannibal
country. It would be a sight well worth looking at
to see this gentleman at work trying to enthuse
the pure mindsof a congregation of Hottentots He
would not get much cash but hemight manage fo
work some choice specimens of ear and nose rings out
of them. JOHN F. BAXTER
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.

The Scrap Collogulal-No Wind, No Talk.

To THE Eprror oF THe SUnN—Sir: Ver' +
times change as we grow older!

Sixty years ago, when I was already a good chuns
of a lad, I was taught that it was bad form to inter-
rupt a speaker; but in these days! find It to be the
social practice, so far as my observation goes, to
break in and run off the party who has the floor. Ac-
cording to my early training this procedure ts con-

trary to parliamentary rules, if not to good manners;
but nowadays {t seems 40 o¢ regarded not only as
good social tactics, but as evidence of & superior mene
tal force. Aceepting th’s latter-day view, I have on
oceasion attempted to huld my ground until I could
round out my prerogative with a full period, but as
yet have not been able to hold my mind with my col-
oquial serapper, as I should call him.

Can you advise me what to do? Shall Iamiably
yleld precedence or Hey out altogether? I am con
vinced that the world will lose lots {f | hold my peace
and I had rather be a philanthropist than martyr.

SOLOMON WAYBACK.

PLAINFIELD, Mass., Aug. 15.

 

Concerning Count Waldersee’s Command.

Uncle Sam to Kaiser William
Your Majesty, herewith accept
My cordial unity
With you, in placing In command
Your own Count Waldersee;

A soldier, brave as ever led
The soldiers of his land;

A General, fit in every way
To take supreme command.

 

Uncle Sam to His Own People.
Say, Friends and Feliow Citizens,
I've Just sent word to Bill
That Waldersee as Allied Boss
Wil sult us Mt to kill

I've given bim alively graft,
A kind of pipes dream,

About the Countand how well fixed
He ts to be supreme.

He'll have command of ali our troops,
But all the others, to;

And ali the Allies must obey .
And do as he says do.

But don't let that bother you, my friends,
He's not so darned supreme

In running things out there to sult
Himself, as |t would seem.

Of course the Kaltser thinks he ts,
And maybe he does, too,

But that’s no sign, as you will see,
When I explain to you.

The fact is, gents, we rule the roost,
I mean Americans,

And though Count Waldie is on deck
He doesn't shape his plans.

Because, by Zucks! he's got a wife,
A lady, too, of birth;

And was there ever married man
Who wholly owned the carth?

I guess not, and that wife of his
Was born In Yankee land,

And though he wears the epaulets
She's in supreme command.

In other words, while t might seem
The Germans are on top,

The really truly {net is that
The Yankees have the drop.

Which shows you, fellow eftizens,
That as a diplomat,
And soldier, oo, your Uncle Sam

Knows just where he la at wih

Eee - SS =
—— is aaaieceenin neniacae anaes eeadeeelmeieed agate aeinneticnt sees

    
   
 

 

To Be Resurveyed by Maryland and the Lang,
marks Restored,
From the Baltimore Sun
The Legislature of Maryland has appropriated
a sum of money for the resurvey of Mase,
and Dixon's line and the restoration of th»
landmarks, many of which have been remowed

contrary to scripture. This work will he dors
by the State Geological Commission in coy
nection with a commission appointed and paid

by the State Government of Pennsylvania
and by the United States Geological Survey,

The original running of Mason and Thxon's
line was done according to the ter { the
final agreement between the Calverts and
Penns, concluded in 1760 after protracted neg.
tiations, There was a conflict in the eran
of Maryland and Pennsylvania, The Penn,
had friends at court and Calvert was fing
coerced into conceding eyerything Venn qo.
manded, and this concessiOn cost him the riots
est portion of his domain. The line herween
Maryland and Pennsylvania was been ‘in
1760 bya commission appointed for that pure

Lhe proprietors of the two coloniay

yOse
beoaine impatientat thetr slow progres« and
agreed to engage Charles Mason and Jane,
Dixon to complete the work Hoth Penn and
Calvert werein London at the time, and they
there engaged these two men, whose nares
have become so famous in connection woth
this historic line, for so many vears the dividing
line bet ween the free States and the slave Statga
of the Union

The two surveyors arrived in Philadelphta
Nov. 15, 1764, and bewan their survey early tha
following spring. Through the foresta they
cuta “vista” eight feet wide and set up a stone
at the end of each mile. Every fifth stone was
larger than the others and had on the north
side the arms of Thomas and Richard Penn
and on thesouth face the arms of Frederick
lord Baltimore. One of these is preserved
in Baltimore by the Maryland Historical Soclety
and some yet stand in their origina! places and
are cared for by the authorities. The Inter.
mediate stones are smaller and have the letter
“P” on the north and “M" on the south face

The removal of many of the historic land
marks has left the boundary line hetween
Marvland and Pennsylvania in doubt in places,
and it is to remedy this, as well as to perpetuata
the historic line, that the Legislature has pro-
vided for this resurvey

FONS JUTURN# FOUND IN FORTH,

Spring Where the Steeds of Castor and Poliox
Slaked Their Thirst.

Close to the remains of the temple of Caetor
and Pollux in the Roman Forum,
the temple and the Palatine Hill, Commendatore
Bonl's excavations have just brought to light
the fountain of Juturou. The temple was built,
according to the le#nd, on the spot where
the “Great Twin Brethren after the fleht at
fake Regillus stopped to announce the victory
to the Romans, and in the Juturnian pool near
by, their horses quenched their thiret A whtta
marble well top has now been discovered, con-
alsting of a square base from which rises a4
eylindrical well curb. The inner edge of the
eylinder is worn tn grooves by the ropes that
were used to draw up the water pails. On tha
lip of the curb ts carved a worn inseription
which is repented on the front of the cylinder
where the letters have been preserved clear
and sharon cut: M. BARBATIVS. POLLTO.
AZAD. CVR. IVTVRNAT. SACRVM. PVTEAL.

Burbatius Pollio is spoken of by Cicero in
his thirteenth Philipnic as a friend of Julius
Ceasar s, but the well which has been found
appears on Roman coins that bear the figures
of Castor and Pollux whose date is fixed at
85 B. C., so that either the Curile 2dile, whose
name appears in the insoription, was an_earlier
member of the same family or else Pollios
service was simply that of renovating the we!l
in the same ahupo it had before. The lower
part of the base has not been cleared away yet,
and it is possible that more light on the date
of the monument may be obtained.

It ts pretty certain, however, that we have
discovered the aite of the spring to which tha
Konian legend is attached, and the well curb
which wae built around it at some time under
the Republic.

American Supertority tn Bridge Bullding.

From London F'ngineertng.

One of the most important matters clatming the
attention of the English engineering world at the
present date isthe necessity for far-reaching reform
in British methods of designing constructional tron
work. Popular attention was concentrated on this
point by the Atbara Bridge incident, but much of
what appeared om this subject im the press at
the time, was totally beside the point We
all know the attempt which was made at that
time to show that English builders bad not had
fair treatment, but the South African campaign
has shown us that under present conditions British
bridge builders are quite unable to compete on
equal terms with their American competitors.

An examination of the structures which, In cer-
tain cases, have been sent to South Africa to
replace the bridges destroyed for military reasous
is suMcient to show any umprejudiced observer
that a radical change !n our methods of brides
design is essential !f we are to retain our fair
share of the {necreasing colonial demand for constriic-
tional fron work. Germany is supposed to be acountry
where labor is cheap, and where, at any rate, ths
theoretical side of engineering is well understood:
yet it remains a fact that the Berlin Iron Bridge Com
pany of Fast Berlin, Conn., has found it possib!s
to successfully compete with German firms on
their own soll in the erection of factory bulldings
The material, after being finished tn New England,
was transported 3,000 miles across the ocean, and
was subject to a heavy import duty. Yet as the
result of the economies arising from the keen eon
petition of firms responsible both for designs and con
struction, the American firm could still undersel| the
native.

hetween

 

 

Apple Pie and Poetry.
From the Cape May Court House Gasette

At an apple ple social held by the Epworth League
on Wednesday evening, Miss Mattie Roberts of
Mount Holly captured the L. A. P. (large apple pir)
for writing the best stanza of poetry, and Mr. E Z,
Mills was awarded the S.A, P. (small apple ple) for
writing the worst poetry.

 

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

A slump tn early Kiplings has been noted at recent
London auction sales. The “Schoolboy Lyrics.’
which a couple of years ago brought $650, bas been
sold recently for $16.25.

During the recent French naval maneurres the
squadron under Admiral Gervais succeeded in «Ip
ping through the Straits of Gibraltar at night with
out being noticed by the British observers on the
Rock. So at least the French newspapers assert

M. Metschnikoff of the Paris Pasteur Institute has
communicated to the Académie de Médécine his dis
covery of a lymph which regenerates the red globules
in the blood of lepers. He thinks that when he has
improved his serum he may be able to rejuvenate the
organs of the human body.

Mr. Constantine Ionides a Greek merchant who
died recently at Prighton, has bequeathed his *'t
collections to the British nation. Kesides valualie
bric-A-brac there are several good paintings by o'1
masters and many by modern painters, particuler'y
George Frederick Watts, Dante Gabriel Rossett! and
the later French artists.

Falcon Island, in the Pacific, which wasthrown up
some years agoand €radually washed away (il! !"
1894 't could not be seen, has been discovered agalo
by the British crulser Porpoise. It now looks likes
whale's back and stands nine fect out of water, #10
the sea breaking over it so that it forms a serious
danger to navigation.

A list of English public schoo) graduates serving '°
South Africa bas been made. Eton leads with 1.0"!
besides 496 serving in the Volunteers; then fol ow
Wellington, 500; Harrow, 400; Marlborough, 4
Cheltenham, 300; Charterhouse, 280; Winchester and
Halleybury, 250 each, and Rugby 160. Sixty schoo!’
have about 5,200 ‘old boys” at the front, besides over
3,300 in the Volunteer service.

Shakespesre’s ““Macbeth.”’ 1673, brought §645 !9
London recently; “Love's Labor Lost." 1631, 820°
“Pericles, Prince of Tyre," 1635, $107; “Romero 4
Jultet,"” 1687, §150; Henry the Fourth,” 1459, 4
“Othello,” 1655, $100 each: George Turberriics
“Epitaphsa, Epigeams, Songs and Sonnets,”
brought $525; the autograph of R. 1. Stevens
‘The Body Snatcher "' $222; the firat edition of F
Gerald's “Rubalyat of Omar Kheyyar is
$175; Tennyson's “Carmen Seculare,”
printed, 1487, $145; the firstedition of (
“Vicar of Wakefield,” 1766, $345, and the Kelmscott
edition of Chaucer, $360, a record price

Hans Boeklin, the second son of the great e
painter, Arnold Rocklin, recently stabbed ot 4
a young woman named Rosine \Vateriaus ¥°
lover he had been for ten years. The motte

ofivate

dsr

 

Jealousy. Bécklin is 34 yeatsof age and # par!
His father who lites in Rome deciares tat hs *
is ‘Srresponsibie. As a child he showed *
derful talent for drawing, sothatiis ‘athe
“It Thad Hana's talent for drawing | shoull
been a much better artist than I am att’

Wasa good landscape painter and was sent t
sels and Paris to study. He came a enms
wreck, He was confined fora while ina Zurich °°
Jum and after bis release took to drink Tac gut @*/
fecover. *

hacks or

: ASSasseee 3

 

Tied

ee

FEE, HEE

Mt