Castor
tween
tore

© light
built,
where
eht at
victory
] near
white
d, con-
rises a
of the

that
On the
poe
Py linder
d clear
LLIO.
TEAL.
in
Jultus
found
figures

 

i

3
ae

is

ger
gEs

 

at recent
Lyrics,"
3 been

uvres the
in slip
ht with-

on the

tute has
his dis-
Globules
he has
note the

it who
bis art
valuabis
s by old
jcubariy
tt and

own up
ay vill in
d again
oks like a
ater, with
serious

rrving In
th 1,000

n follow
h, 340;
rand

ty schools
sides ove:

4 $665 io
631, 8205:
omeo and
1680, and
urberrilie's
" 1879,
tevenson's
on of Fits
“ 4859.
privately
mn ith's
Kelmscott

 

German
4 Zurich
whose

ve was
@ palotr.
his som
ed won
ner sald:
0 bare
At 16 be
to Brus
om plete
‘ oy

 

 

1N THEATRICAL MATTERS,

UNACTED PLAY THAT HAS TWO
MORALS AND EIGHTEEN TITLES.

 

AN

 

A. B, Ebina Secks to Right Some Wrongs by

" publishing @ Drame by Himself—Another

“Quo Vadis *—-Some Monkey Gymoaasts.
re are some people who have
never heard of Alexander B. Ebin, but such
(gnorance is not his fault, For the enlighten-
ment of humanity he has published in book
form @ piay by himself, which has eighteen
titles and points two morals. It is modestly
dedicated to the Czar of Russia, Foremost
among the drama’s inany titles are “The Mar-
"and “A Vital Question,” although

Doubtless the

riage Vow.
more than common scope for chetce ia of-
tered, In a proface Mr. Ebin asks to be re-

garded seriously, which is the hardest way
to treat him. The two great wrongs that
the drama {8 {intended to point out are the way
cof settling national disputes by war instead
of arbitration, and a way for an unhappy mar-
riage to be annulled without the publicity of
the divorce court. Mr. Ebin says:

“ love affair between a married woman and
4 ier he. possibilities of ending such 4 position

t Either the woman returns to her husband—the
purse:
uae S ene goes and lives with her lover;
(}) Or one or more of those concerned are killed;
(4) Or the woman decides to live alone; ‘
t) Or all three live together ‘the menage A trois*—
by which appearances are kept up.

flo has discovered a new way of settlement,
which, though quite unreasonable, would
have some dramatic value if deftly treated.
His work, however, shows him quite ignorant
of dramatic usages and knowledge of con-
struction. For example, he directa that all
this shall be indicated without a spoken word:

Her mind rushes with an impetuous current tow-
ward we act for which she is preparing, the act of
quitting & husband, Theact of breaking an out
‘ard He that no longer represents the inward bond of
love _Howe ver, this simple movement toward tak
ing off her ring, & movement which is bul @ small
sesuence of ber resolution, produces a strange effect.
It brings an arresting sense that she is somehow vio
jently rending her life {n two; A presentment that the
strong impulse, which seems to make her path clear,
might afterall be blindness, and that there is some
thing {n human bonds whieh must prevent them from
being broken with the breaking of lilustona She sits
downand writes afterward she takes the letter, tears it
ip and durng the pleces She snatehes the ring from

ager and lays (toa the table against the pen,
pHs she means to write, Agalostefeeis that
there cau be DO law for her but the law of her afleo

tions
We venture to suy that even a Sarah Bern-
hardt or a Mrs, Carter would be unabie to con-
vey so many meanings in the little action de-
ctibed, T Ke dramatist’s story is of a New
fork soctety woman who loves and Is loved b
a Russian Prince, Her fidelity to her husban
though, forces her to send her lover from her,
Kut her moral-strengthening lord and taster
is not without his blemishes, In fact, he is the
unhappy recipient of a telegram from Boston,
telling him that he is the father of twins. This
is the situation when the first curtain falls,
nd two long acts of words do not change it,
inally a fourth act comes and brings some
incident, The scene ts the Brooklyn Bridge at
3 A. M.. Hubby goes there to shoot a hole
through hia hat and leave it and his pistol ou
the Bridge and go to Boston and the
twins tw live happily ever after,
A crowd, including an impossible newspaper
reporter and some equally pawre policemen,
gathers and thinks that there aa beens suicide,
‘d that the body ta in the river. The water
fe dragged, and the conclusion reached that
the corpse haa been swept to the ocean. The
hat and pistol, which are marked with the sup-
cored euicide’s initials, are acoepted as ident-
cation and evidence, A farewell k*ter from
the husband to the wife tells ber tne whole
situation, all about the happy little Boston
home, and reminds her thet she lg free to marry
Cc

her Russ prince, rh she oes, All tnes
only o J ns purpose; t
wred out in tedious and pointless discus-

na about war ang expiration. with no con-
clusion reached. time of the play is 1598,
and the first and last acts show troops going
to and returning from Cuba and Manila. The
is in @ hospital in Cuba, and some
wipro ly. One, who is being
y

reed b ia sweethe says, “Good-by
frends, I am done for! Tile a Soldier's death

and in @ good cause, Tall my ople
and 1h © fd” in the front.” Where-
upon rolla over and dies. His sweetheart
says! “I can't give words to my sorrow. Rather
than witness this 1 would prefer to lose m
ey it no more.” after whic

D! remark she faints and is carri
out, Mr. Ebin’s people indulge frequently in
airy persifiage, most of which is reminiscent
of ome aad es 094, theatre programme
, $ one of the spasins of repartee:
inet one man in hundred. Oh, | thought
he was an only ohlid; but is indeed grand,
fle the Wee, Gnew pepoening of ine
$ only one 1 know possessing
ualitities is a piano.” Another of Mr.
Ebin’s bon mot body sgwe is, “All that is re-
quired is confidence, whether the subject ty
love or sausages.” However, the people of
this absurd play may hardly accepted as
sane. For instance, a woman looking down
Fifth avenue remarke: “I always admire the
view here, lan't nature beautiful?”

 

There {gs a noted stage beauty who appears
sometimes In comic opera and sometimes in
drama, and it has been sald of her that when
seen (n the latter she seems suited to the for-
met, but when she sings one wishes she would
confine herself to speaking. Something the
same feeling ‘s caused by the recent numerous
dramatizations of “Quo Vadis.” When one sees
a stage version of Seinkeiwicz's great novel
{in a first-class theatre it seems too melodram-
atic for other than a second-class, while some
of the beauties of the story appear to make
no impression on Star Theatre audiences. A
dramatization of the novel is on view there
this week. It is new to New York, but Ilke
the other two that we have seen it claims to
have been the first In the fleld. It is by
Charles Chase, and cannot compare with
either Mies (ilder’s or Mr. Stange'’s ver-
sion as literature, and {is as poor dra-
matically. A point that preplexes Star
audiences fs the question as to who is
the hero, Venicdus seems to conform to
herolo requirements, as chieflover and loudest
ranter, but Petroniva sometimes gets the better
of him. Furthermore, Uraua is the biggest,
and does moat of the noble things, such as wiping
the foor with Roman Senators and telling what
an all-around good fellow he is. In fact, he
has most of the “spread” scenes, as theatrical
people call a dramatic climax that wins applause
and sympathy. This lack of centralized in-
terest ja one of the things that makes “Quo
Vadis” impossible as @ play for the masses,
Wilson Barrett used the principal incidents of
the book effectively in “The Stan of the Cross,”
in which he rolled Venicive and Petroniua into
one, and eliminated Urews, “Quo Vadis" is

nly one more illuatration that novels suitable
or dramatization are very rare. The Nero
of Mr. Chase's pilav is an extravaganza buffoon
Who suggests Frank Daniels in a dull moment,
if that comical comedian ever had one. His
wife, Poppae, looks like May Robson as a shriv-
elled old maid, and references to her superia-
tive beauty are grossed with shouts of laughter
at the Star. A handsome young woman, who

pears to have some talent, is consigned to
¢ small part of Acte. The dramatization is

n six acts, and the scenery is rather above the

tar average, though little thought has appar-
eatly been given to accuracy of detail. Com-

a@risons aré odious, but the Lambs’ Club “Quo

Adis” was much funnier than this one, and
Weber & Fields are yet to be heard from.

 

Christina's trained monkeys, which are spend-
ing their seoond week in America at Keith's, copy
in a new way the exercises of stage gym-
haste and tumblers. One performs with a set
of chairs like those used by equilibrists, though
of a smaller size, The chairs are set one atop
@nother {n various positions, and above all the
monkey balances himself head down, or with
his body held hortyontally or upright. Just what
is gained by doing such tricks atop a pile of
caairs ts hard to see, but doing so is one of the
conventions of the human equilibrista, aud

we Monkey observes it to a nicety.
cad dumbbeila in his hands he jumps
iurdies without touching his forefeet to the

Boor tofft, does not make the bells an assist-
10@ to him, but they probably serve to keep
m from putti his fore feet on the floor.
i“ he circles the stage ln somersaults, doing
au ckly, but protesting toward the last. The

; et surprising performer is a simian that per-
ree ona trapeze ten feet above the stage. After

* Areaped a rope he is raised to the tra-

‘ tis ao arr ed that he is set ewing-

the without effort on his part. Then he sways
oe the alr hanging In the diferent ways
ia by trapeze folk. His last effort
on be a fiving leap to another bar, and he
es tne exchange, but is so lacking in bold-

that his sec
ness securi ,
tcramble. uring a new hold is a desperate

 

Mrs. Stannard, who is better known by her
ae, John Strange Winter, has lately
7 hed two plays. One, a three-act comedy,
jos will be produced in London tn
saad Robert Marshall, author of “A Royal
ms and “fis Excellency the Governor,”
7 Am the American rights of his new play
- at Goodwin, who will show it during the

Ming season. It is to be seen firat at the
london Haymarket
ore Lyndal, who has just arrived from
endon, will have a prominent part in “The

    

  

 

Husbands of Leontine.” The [three leadin
roles of that farce will be taken by E. M, Holland,
Isabel Irving and Fritz Williams of Charles
Frohman’s comedy company. The comedy
that was played at the Lyceum last year by
Mr. Frohman's London comedians, “My Daush-
ter-in-Law,” will be acted by Herbert Kelvey,
ae) Shannon and their associates

Flo Irwin willeoon produce a play written for
herby Glen Macdonough and called “Miss Kid-
der.” If it ia sticopeartl she will come {nto New
York with it later in the season. Her principal
assistant fun makers willbe Walter Hawley, John
Ward, May foward and W. E. Butterfield.

The engagement was announced yesterday
of Edgar Davenport for “In the Palace of the
Kin Blanche Moulton js another recent re-
crult to Viola Allen's company. The role that
Miss Allen made famillar in “The Christian”
will be played in the West by Julia Stuart, a pop-
ular actreas in that part of the country, Julle
Mackey has signed a contract to appear in
“Floredora.” George Ober will be Minnie Sel-
igman's principal comedian, and Frank Worth-
ing, Grace George's leading actor

Oscar Hammerstein arranged last night to
show the blograph pictures of the Fitastm-
mons-Ruhblin fight on the Victoria Roof Garden,
commencing on Monday.

A. 1 Sire, attorney, and brother of Hi, B.
Sire, obtained yesterday in the Blahth Mu-
nicipal District bourt asuminons for George W.
Lederer to appear on Monday and show cause
why he shonld not pay $6,000 in rental for the
Casino to Mr. Sire. Mr. Lederer is expected
back from Europe Saturday.

a ED

   

HIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN,

The prudent man never bure the fruit which
{s marked with the highest prices and his mo-
tive is not merely economy. He knows that
the second grade fruit is riper than the most
expensive, which in nine cases out of ten is
too green to be eaten immediately, It is held
at high prices because the dealer knows that

it will keep, and as it ripens and grows better
fit for human cousumption its piice will be

reduced. That is the stage of the fruit when
the price is towered for the first time. It is
then ripe and in condition to be eaten, And

the prudent man who doesn't always feel that
he has got the best article only when he pays
the most money for it buys his fruit at the marked-
down price.

The famous dossier in the Dreyfus case
promises to be outdone when the documents
in the Saléza-De Nevers duel, that never took
place, are finally glven to the world. M. de
Nevers has already sent hts batch to this coun-
try and M. Saléza has retired to his home at
Biarritz after a brief stay in Paris on his return
from London. He has been consulting with
the two friends who are to act as his seconds
in the matter and they have decided to prenare
their dossier and send It around the globe after
the fashion De Nevers first adopted. Two
pugilista preparing the termsof a match could
not have wasted more ink and paper than thoee
duellista, But perhaps that method was after
all the best aa M, Saléza is ordinarily a man of

reat strength, while M. de Nevers is slight and
delicate, however expert he may, be with a
sword. M. Saléza denies ever having received
since last winter any formal challenge from M.
de Nevers, but in any case he sticks to his de
cision to notice no letters signed with he name
De Nevers. M. de Nevers, in spite of his for-
eign name, is an English subject, having been
naturalized in London on May 15, 1899, as Max-
ime Louis de Gonzague de Nevers.

 

White duck trousers may have become the
fashionable and convenient garment for women
on yachts about Larchmont, and it may be true
that this adoption of a distinctly masculine
article of dress is meant as a retaliation for

some men's tendency to wear the shirt waist
in its uncovered feminine forin. Bit the credit
of adopting this article of dress does not lie

altogether with Larchmont women, Passen-
gors on the elevated roads have had an op-
observe a somewhat humbler

vortunity to
finistrat on of the same tendency during the
a woman, slight

For several da
In aroom. She had

peat week.
aint

n figure, has been seen
prepared herself for the work by putting on
a pair or ordinary blue overalls, and she has
labored faithfully at the task, unconscious
of the curiosity she has aroused in the pas-
sengers, who had fleeting views of her from
the windows of the passing elevated trains.
fler attire was not becoming, but it had the
Larchmont excuse of being very convenient
for her work. And it is just as unlikely to have
imitators.

Not many years ago one of the most popular
and expensive shops on upper Broadway was
owned by a man of such skill in his particular
line of work that his eccentricities of manner
were tolerated for the sake of the excellence
of his wares. He was ill-natured and cross-
grained to a degree that made it dificult for
customers to deal with him. Advancing age
did not make his disposition any more agres-
able and finally his patronage dwindled aw uy.
Nowadays he occupies @ cellar and his busl-
ness haa come to be of an entirely different
character from that he controlled only a few
years ago. A florist who was at one time the
owner of a prosperous establishment acquired
the sume reputation among hia clients and he
is now in charge of a busket of flowers neur
a department store. Both of these men ure
known to have ruined themselves commer-
Cally only through their manner of dealing
with customers and are striking Instances
of the value of politeness in retail business.

 

 

The young New Yorker who wore white silk
socks at a Newport dance is not likely to have
many followers in a year marked by the flam-
boyant colors that men have permitted them-
selves to wear in this detail of dress this season.
Riotous tints have been the rule, and the chaste
simplicity of white silk socks is a violent contrast
to the prevailing taste. ‘The demand for highly
colored hosiery is believed to be largely the
result of the low black shoes, which have this

eason taken the place of the light colored
eather and seem to demand rome contrast as
a tribute to the customary Hghtness of summer
dress. White even in a ballroom seems a step
too far in that direction and would be hopeless
for city wear, however significant it might be
of the wearer’s knowledge of the last word in
smart arene, Men find it difficult enough
to keep New York bootblacks from blackin
their socks as well as their low shoes now, cna
it takes Vigilanceto prevent the absent-minded
operators from leaving the impress of their
work in the shape of a dingy ring above the
top of every_low shoe that comes under their
treatment The effect of their efforts on'white
socks would be enough to keep them alway
out of the style But it is doubtful if they wil
ever be sublected to that test of popularity
It is a far ery froin a ballroom at Newport to a
New York bootblack’s shop.

 

Mabel Bouton is the last uctress overcome
by work und the duties of her profession and
compelled to retire to an insane asylum, prob-
ably to reappear after a few days of retirement
in good health and quite restored to her normal
condition. The record for such attacks Is held
by Della Fox, who is numerically far in ud-
vance of uny of her colleagues. She is now

enid to be in excellent health and spirits, al-
though only a few weeks ago her friends ex-
woted her to remain in retirement for some
fim, if, indeed, she were ever uble to resume
er professionul work. Miss Bouton, who is
very pretty, ie one of a family of four young
women that came from the far West severn
yeurs ugo. Three of them decided to become
actresses, although their futher, who ia a Bap-
tict clergyman, naturally opposed such 4 pro-
feasion. The oldest and most attractive of
the sisters was Madeleine, who, after a short
career on the stage was said to have married
a German baron living in New York, The mar-
riage Was Often affirmed and denied and really
interested only the persona concerned, so that
exact information on the subject was never ob-
tained. Mabel Bouton first came into view in
“Christopher, Jr.,” at. the arden Theatre six
years ugo, and after that time played only un-
important parts in comic opera and burlesque.

 

Straw hats are never a problem here, for
their usage has long been regulated by the sim-
ple rule of wearing them while the hot weather
lasts, But they have been adopted so recently
in Tondon as articles of regular summer wear
that confusing questions arise constantly there,

Now it is the coachman's straw hat, a subject
which has never troubled New Yorkers, that
is under discussion, One London writer tries
to give advice on this complicated question
in these words

“While every credit is due to the people who
have allowed their coachmen to share their own
comfort of a straw hat during the excessive
heat, it must be said that the effect produced
has been such as to suggest that a hot weather
livery that has some congruity should be cares
fully considered. Top boots, buckskin breeches
superfine cloth com and silver buttons below
an ordinary sailor hat painfully suggest the
torture of roasting a man’s body and icing his
head, But, on the other hand, to design a
coachman’s cool livery so that it may prove
at once smart and attractive presents some
difficulties. A sensible atep in the right diree-
tion is to waive the rule of top boots and breeches
and allow a coachman to wear trousers covered
by alight dust rug, As regards the coat, this
does not prove very irksome when sitting still
but the hat needs amendment. No form of
straw hat, as seen in London last week, was
tolerable except a makeshift and the ony alter-
native seems to be that coachmen should have
the benefit of the introduction of the straw
high hat, which has quite failed to appeal to
any one but Mr. Walter Rothschild, while even
he has abandoned |i this season, A coachman
with astraw hich hat, fairly deep band of black,

light livery cont, and a faintly ‘ined check
dust rug to cover his untiveried jegs, would
present a8 smart an appearance As is voRsI ble

while the man would be as comfortable as is
hix master with the whole range of a wardrobe

Peep os

a

Ree a a ee ee a a a ee a eee a ee a eee ee eee eae aera nearer een enna anna
snr nn eae aes

 

|

PAIR OF BURGLARS NABBED

CAUGHT RED HANDED AFTER THREE
DAWS' SHADOWING.

 

Were Let Out of Prison Only Two Weeks Ago
Tried Three Houses and Got Into Mr.
Wood's—With Police Sarrounding Them
‘They Made a Fight for Freedom, but Lost,

The Tenderloin police caught two burglars
ransacking the house of Arnold Wood at 40
Fast Thirty-fifth street yesterduy afternoon.

 

Mr. Wood and his family ere spending the
sunmer at Jeffersonville, N. His eity
home is closed during his absence, The

two ex-convicts were caught in his house after
they had been shadowed for seventy-two
hours and detectives had watched them make
two futile attempts to enter other closed houses,

Last Monday Detective Glennon was in-
forined that John Fisher and Jacob Dahimer,
former jail birds, were hanging about the Ten-
derloin precinct. Glennon reported what he
had learned to Acting Captain Burns, who imme-
diately set a couple of his men to watching the
men, They trailed them all Monday night
and saw them try to get into a closed house at
Twenty-fifth street and Madison avenue and
make oa similar attempt on a house in Thirty-

third atreet near Fifth avenue Yesterday
atternoon Acting Captain Burns and Detective
Glennon followed the men wherever they went.
About 2 o'clock Fisher and Dahmer entered
the area way of Mr. Wood's house. They liftad
theiron grating leacing into the cellar by break -
ing the iron chain that held it, and both men
disappeared into the building. The policemen
wailed to give them a chance to get to work
before summoning help:

Half an hour later the house was well sur-
rounded. ‘Iwo uniformed policemen were
on the roof having got there from the adjoining
buildings. Burns and three of his detectives
entered the house the way the thieves did,
They went at their work cautiously, but al-
though they saw sufficient evidence of the
burglars’ presence they didn't see the thieves
themselves, Themen hadseen that they were in
a tight box and they had locked themselves in
a closet leading to the roof, They didn't dare
wo to the roof because two bluecoats with
drawn revolvers were awaiting them, there,
When the searchers came to the locked closet
they kicked in the door, Fisher and Dahmer
rushed out to fight their way to the door, The
landing was dark and there was the liveliest
gort of a mix-up before the detectives subdued
them. Then they bundled the pair into § pairs
wagon and took them to the West Thirticth
street atation.

Dahmer lives at 111 West Thirtieth street
with his mother, She waa sitting on the stoop
of the house where she is janitress, when
her son was driven past to the police station,
The woman made a scene in the street when
she heard the cause of her son's arrest. Dah-
mer is only 20 years old, Jen days ago he
was discharged from Elmira Retormatory,
where he had served two and a half years for
burglary.

Fisher {a 26 years old and gave his address
as 310 West One Hundredth street, He has
been out of the State prison only two weeks,
He was sent there in 1498 for committing bur-
glary in a house on Madison avenue. fle was
arrested then after a fight. with Policeman
John Lawless. In the struggle he struck Law-
esa in the groin with the buft of arifie. lawe
esa has since died and his death is believed to
have heen caused by the injuries he recelved
in that fight.

BOSS DIDN'T LIKE DANCE MUSIC.

Demanded New Selections and Then There
Was a Fight in the Restaurant,

The patrons of Hollaender’s restaurant at
149 West 125th street witnessed a lively tliton
Tuesday night between the proprietor, George
Zitzvler, and Frederick Brumm, the leader of the
orchestra which plays to the diners. Zitzler
has his own opinions about music, and they
didn't always coincide with those of the leader's,
Brumm is a member of the Musical Union
and thinks his Judgment should not be ques
tioned by a man who isn'ta musician.

When the proprietor went into his place

on Tuesday night and heard Brumm and his
orchestra playing a dance selection which
he didn't like at all, he called one of his waiters
and commanded him to tell the professor to
atop playing “euch rot” and give something
lively. Brumm told the walter to tell the boss
that he knew his business and started the same
old tune again. This aroused Zitzler’s ire

“Things have come to a pretty state,” said
he, “when I can't have what I want in my own
place. _ If you don't want to play the kind of
music I want,” he said to the angry Brumm,
“take your music and get out.”

Bruinm said so much more about his judgment
that Zitzler struck him in the face and ordered
him out of the place. The leader, Brumm,
was around the restaurant last night trying to
patoh up a peace with the proprietor, but a
new orchestra tiddied away for the questa,

RYAN

 

 

 

JOHN T. ACQUITTED.

Jeary Declares That the Cycle Path Law
Fighter Is Not Galliy.

Ray Suorn, N. Y., Aug. 15.—John T. Ryan,
who has been fighting the Cycle Path law for
many months, was acquitted to-day by a jury
of the charge of mutilating the path tn front of
his country home. He had previously been
found guilty of a similar offence and was fined
$25. An appeal is now being taken. At the
first trial of to-day’s case the jury disagreed

At that time Ryan admitted having placed
posts in the path, but at to-day's trial he con-
tradicted his festimony, While Sidepath
Commissioner Highbie was testifying for the

roseciition Ryan startled all present by shout-
ab you're a liar! You're a liar!”

if you meke any further disturbance I'll
lock vou up for contempt of court,” sald Jus-
tlee Vail. and Ryan subsided, The jury were
only out a short tirne when they returned with
a Verdict of acquil tal.

Ryan bewan fighting the Cycle Path law last
February. Justice Smith of the Supreme
Court decided that the law was constitutional
aud Ryan appealed. The argument has not
been heard yet. Ryan ts also awalting
examination on the charge of interfering with
an officer in the discharge of his duties.

LAWYER FRANKLIN EXONERATED.
Receives an Apology tn Court From Magis-
trate Pool for Undeserved Censure,

Magistrate Pool suspended the usual pro-
cedure in the Centre street police court yester-
day to exculpate Lawyer Max Franklin of 948
Broadway from the censure administered by
the Magistrate nearly a month ago, At that
time, in open court, Magistrate Pool accused
Franklin of conduct unbecoming a member of
the bar. The Magistrate said vesterday that
he had made a thorough inquiry and had found
that Franklin's conduct had been above re-
preach and the censure undeserved, so that he
elt that it was his duty to remove fn public,
as he had already done in private, the stigma
cast upon him.

LICORICE IN PASSAIC

 

RIVER.

 

 

$16,000 Worth of It on a Barge Sank ta
Fourteen Feet of Maddy Water.

A large barge containing $16,000 worth of
prepared licorice is sunk in the Passaic River
at Newark. The barge is the James Mackin
and is employed by the Merchants’ Express
Company. ‘The licorice was. consigned — to
customers in Kentucky aod Missouri by the
Nowark Licorice Works and was fully insured
The makers of the proguct say that it will not
be worth much after ft Is taken from the muddy
river, although it is in tight cases. A wrecking
tug from this city ts engaged In raising the barge
which lies close to the wharf in fourteen feet
of water, The owners of the barge have not
been able to find out why It sank

 

TAX RATE FOR 1900 CONFIRMED,

Figures for Richmond the Lowest; Those for
Queens Highest.

After waiting half an hour yesterday after-
noon for the sergeant-at-arms to bunt up four
members to make a quorum the Municipal As-
sembly confirmed the tax rate for 1900 tt is as
ollows:

Manhattan and The Bronx » $2.24771201

 

  

 

Brooklyn .......+++« + 282113712
MUCOUS ...ce00s . 2.84216148
lehmond..,.. + 2,220738790

8,000 Hibernians Keep an Anniversary.

Eight thousand members of the Ancient Order
of Hibernians celebrated the three hundred
and second anniversary of their organization
last night at Sulzer’s Harlern River Park.
National Treasurer P. T. Moran was the
orator, He said that _the present relation
between Fngland and Ireland was that of
master and slave, but that in time Ireland
would take her proper place among the nations.
A letter from Gov, Roosevelt, regretting his in-
ability to be present was read.

 

 

Divorce for Mrs. Richard Thompson,

Lilian F. Thompson has obtained a decree
of divorce against Richard Thompson from
Justice Freedman of the Supreme Court on

the report of William J. O'Sullivan as referee
He is required ta pay her $1,200 a year perma-
— alimony. Mrs. Thompson resides in New

ochelle All the papers in the case except the

from which to select his hot- weather costume.” J decree were sealed by order of the court

THE SUN, THURSDAY, AUG

CUBAN TEACHERS SAY FAREWELL,

 

Some of Them Go Aboard the Transports
~Last Day in Cambridge.

Campnipos, Mass, Aug 15. ‘the 1,200
Cuban schoolteachers who have been taking
a course of instruction at Harvard Summer
School during the last six weeks, as well as
absorbing American ideas, are ready to start
for home and 200 of the men went aboard the
transport Rawlins this afternoon In readiness
for a atart to-morrow. The women will leave
here to-morrow morning and go aboard the

other transports.

At & 90 A. M. there were held the last recita-
tlons In English, or what was set down as a
recitation. It developed into simply a leave-
takiug between the Cubans and their instruct-
ors. Many of the women were in tears over
leaving the instructors, and in every recita-
tion room the members of the class had com-
bined to make a present of silver or cut glass
to the Instructors A large number of gifts
were also given by the individual teachers

Solemn fieh mass was celebrated at Sf,
Paul's Chureh for the teachers at an earlier
hour. The ceremony was of double signifi-
cance to them, as it was not only a celebration
of the Feast of the Assumption, but it was
also in the nature of a religious servioe of
thanksgiving and farewell. The service was
honored by the presence of Archbishop Wil-
liars. fle was attenced by Father Fidelis,
the celebrated Phasionist miasionary, who
has been detailed to loo after the spirit-
tal wante of the Cubase during their
atay and the Rev. Father Powers of Havana.
The mass was celebrated by the Very Rev,
William Byrne, D.D., Viear-General of the
Archdiocese, assisted by two Cuban priesta
Father Mesnier, Canon of the Cathedral of
Havana, desoon, and Father S& fr, aub-deacon,
Father Ruiz, a professor in the Seminary of
Havana preached a sermon in Spanish, in which
he besought the teachers to bear in mind their
trip to the United States and gave them some
spiritual advice,

This morning a lage party of the teachers
from the Province of Santa Clara pald a visit
to Mayor Champlin at his office in the City
Hall, and gave im a purse of 8100, which ia to
be held in trust and to be presented to two
pupila in the Cambridge publie schools, $50
to a bor and $5 to a girl who make the best
records for echolarship, One of the teachers
made a few remarks which were interpreted
hy another, and Mayor (Champlin. responded,
his remarks being repeated in Spanish,

 

 

FIREBUG OPERATING IN BAYONNE.

One Death Due to His Werk—Young Butcher
Arrested on Suspicion.

Nearly a score of fires have ocourred within
aradius of two blocks in the Bergen Point section
of Bayonne, N. J., within the last two months.
Fach time the Fire Department has been called
out around midnight to extinguish the flares.
Bayonne's {s a volunteer Fire Department,
and the firamen who were called out of bed
were greatly stirred up as one fire succeeded
another, especially as there was strong reason
to believe that few, if any, of the outbreaks were
accidental

Three weeks ago a tenement house caught
fire late at night, and one of the tenants was
burned to death by going back Into the blazing
house, because it was said that a baby had been
left behind. Then a watch was set for the sup-
posed firebu About 1 o'clock yosterday
yorning a stable in the rear of Wortli's bakery
in Cottage street was found to be ablaze While
the flremen were putting out the flamesDetective
Foley saw John [Braden, a young butcher, who
lived only few. blocks aver, running from
the acene of the fra He couldn't tell why he
was running, so the police say, and the detect-
ive arrested him He was arraigned before
Recorder panne and remanded until to-day.

The police intimate that the man is a pyro-
maniac, and they say that they have been wateh-
ing him forsome time, They have been watch-
ing other persons, too, whom nobody else sus-

ects of the remotest connection with tie fires.

he immunity from arrest for so long of the
person who caused these outbreaks and of the
perpetrator of small burglaries has so stirrred
up the citizens of Bayonne that the Mayor is
pout to increase the town police force.

CAR ROWDY LANDS IN JAIL.

Hit a Man Who Was Getting Aboard and Then
Ran for It, Passengers Parsuing.

David Weingard of 286 Columbus avenue, at-
tempted to board a Madison avenue car at
Eighty-ninth street last night while the car
was in motion, AS he stepped on the foot-
board, Thomas Reynolds of 4 West i3¢th street,
struck him in the face. Weingard fell off the
footboard, but hie coat was caught in the car
rail and he was dragged fifty feet before the
motorman could atop the car,

Reynolds and his brother William Jumped
from the car and ran east through Fighty-
ninth etreet, Wiengard picked himself up
and puraued them, shouting “stop thief,” Some
of the passengers, thinking that the Keynolds
brothers had robbed him, Jumped off and joined
in the chase, Among them was Max Bernstein
of 12 Fast 112th street. Bernstein caught the
Reynolds boys at Ninety-first str@et and Lex-
ington avenue. He grabbed William, but was
promptly kuocked down, Then the other
passengers surrounded the Reynoldses and there
was a battle until Policeman Taylor came along
and arrested the Reynolds brothers,

Thomas Reynolds was held at the Fast
Fighty-elghth atreet station on a charge of
assault preferred by Weingard, and William
Reynolds was held on a similar charge preferred
by Bernstein, The only reason Thomas gave
for hitting Weingard wasthat he did not want
a Jew with him in the car.

 

 

MANIAC IN THE COURT JAIL,
Smashed the Farniture, Tore Off His Clothes
and Spoiled a Show Next Door.

William Wilson, who was apparently so drunk
that he could tell nothing about himself, was
taken before Magistrate Brann in the Yorkville
police court yesterday. Policeman O'Brien
said he had found the man in the gutter in front
of the Grand Central Station, The \Magtstrate
sentenced him to three months tn the workhouse
The sentence seemed to sober the prisoner

“You'll rue the day yousent ine to the Island
said he to the Court

‘Oh, T will, will 1°" responded the Magistra
“Then Pil change your sentence to six month

Wilson, shouting and cursing, wasled to ve

rison by two peolleemen, When he found

tmeelf in a cell he raved like a maniac,  Ad-
Joining the prison is Proctor's Pleasure Palace
The side doors of the theatre were aes and Wil-
son's ravings #o disturbed the audience that it
was necessary to close the doors. When the
prisoner had amashed the furniture in his cell
the warden sent for an ambulance,

Hefore Wilson could be put in the ambulance
he had torn off his clothes. A blanket was
strapped on him and he was taken to the insane
pavilion at Bellevue

Van Wrek Charges Reach Davies.

Abnany, Aug. 15.— Attorney-General Davies
to-day received from the New York attorneys
interested in the prosecution a copy of the
amended charges preferred against Mayor
Van Wyck for his connection with the Ice
Trust, It is probable that the Attorney-Gen-
eral will, by the end of the week, decide
whether there should be a hearing on the matter
by the Governor or whether the charges justify
the appointment by the Governor of a com-
missioner to proceed against the Mayor in
exactly the same way as in the case of District
Attorney Gardiner

The Weather.

Unsettled conditions prevalied generally over the
middle Atlantic, New Pingland States, Lake regions,
Oblo and the central Mississippi States yesterday,
where there was cloudy and showery weather, with
thunderstorms in the latter sections Elsewhere
generally fair weather prevailed.

There was no indication of any warmer weather in
sight, the temperature conditions remaining about
stationary, except in the Southwest, where it was
warmer, with temperatures touching 100 degrees in
northern ‘Texas and Kansas,

In this city the day was generally cloudy with one
or two light sprinkles of rain; average humidity,
63; maximum temperature, 70 degrees at 1:45 P. M.;
wind generally fresh southeasterly. Barometer, cor-
rected to read to sea l¢vel, atS A. M.,, 30.08; 35 P. M.,
$0.06.

The temperature as recorded by the oMcial ther
foometer, and also by “ THE SUN'S" thermometer at
the street level, is shown In the annexed table

 

 

—OMial— Sun's —OMetal Sun's
1900, 1899. 1900, 1800. 1498 1900.
9A.M 76° 565° 76°' 6P.M 77° 72° 79°
12M 77° oa’ 60°; OP.M. 75° 67 70°
3 Pp. M.76° 74° 1°12 Mid ..75° 60° 76°
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND

TO MORROW.

For Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, local
tains today and probably Friday; N@bt south to east
winds.

For Massachusetts, Rhode Isiand, Connecticut and
eastern New York, local rains to-day; Friday, fair;
light south to east wénda

For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela
ware, local rains to-day. generally fair Friday; light
to fresh south winds.

For western Pennay! vania, western New York and
Ohio, local rains to-day: Friday fair; Ught to fresh
southwest winds

ee eeernsiiietaiiidpiceaien silat etein akan

She eR <i . a Paty R “ye

UST 16, 1900.

 

—_——$—S—  ——. eS or -._O}?ON II O_O

    

Rew Publications.

—————

   
   

— a —

PRARAAAAARA AAA AAA rte

 
 

     
   

  

Rew Pudlications,

AAs nan

FLARPER & BROTHERS beg to announce
that they have secured for the magasine

GOLF the exclusive services of J. H. Taylor,
the champion of the World, during his stay in

America.

He will be a regular contributor to

GOLF, his relation to it being that of a pro-
fessional expert in collaboration with and under
the direction of the editor, Mr. Van Tassel
Sutphen.

Any club desiring to arrange matches or
exhibition games between Taylor and amateurs

or other professionals may communicate directly

with the BUSINESS MANAGER of GOLF;
Franklin Square, New York.

SUNDAY SCHOOL SODA WATER.
Because It Wasn't Provided on This Picnic «
Rival Sanday School Will Be Started,

The annual excursion of the Sunday school
of the Lenox Road Methodist Fpiscopal Church
of Flatbush was given on July 2, and Willlam
fi. Brown, the superintendent, had charge
of the arrangements, When the boat was
ready to start it was found that the soda water
was not on bourd, Mr. Brown hustled around
und obtained this necessary adjunct to the ex-
cursion, but when he returned the excursion
boat had gone. Mr. Brown sent the soda
water to the grove by an express train, but on
the way up the river, many uncomplimentary
things were eaid about him, all of which were
communteated to him by his family who were
on board the boat, Gubseguentiy Mr. Brown
resigned a4 superintendent of the Sunday school
He Is now at the head of a committee that is
uttempting to establish a rival Sunday school,
which is expected will be located in Vanderveer
Park, Postal cards huve been sent to the resi-
donuts of Vanderveer Park on which is printed:

Dear Neighoor:

Are you & Kethodiai?

If not, would you attend a Methodist ecburch, tf
oily cecasionally, were one established ln ours imme-
diate vicinity?

Would your children attend its Sunday school?

The establishment of such a chureh ts contem-
plated, butas @ frat step it is proposed to at once
organize and bulld up @ Sunday school, This com-
mounteation ts generally clreulated to ascertain the
views of the residents of Vanderveer Park on this
matter, A promptreturn of this card with the an
ewer Oiled in, will greatly faciiitate the work of the
comm '@e.

   

 

WILLIAM H Brown
5412 Avenue IL
WILLIAM E. HAWKINS,
471 Fast Thirty fourth street
ALESANDER PETTIT,
4421 Avenue @.
HOWARD E SAnbs,
464 Fast Thirty fourth street

Mr. Brown, in explaining the case yesterday,
sald

“I resigned from the Sunday school of the
fanox Road Methodist wpeecapet Church be-
cause of the remarks that were made about
me on the excursion. No one has ever Apolo-
gizved to me for them. This Sunday school
in Vandorveer Park is badly needed, After 4
while we probably will start a church, but 1
shall retain my connection. with the lenox
Road Church for a while. The railroad com-
many is running all its cars to Bergen Beach on
Sunday. I live in Vanderveer Park, and it is
alinost impossible to get to church on @ Sunday
night because all the cars are crowded, Min-
i-ters have tried for the past two or three years
to start. a Methodist chapel in Vanderveer
Park an@ have failed, but we are going to suc-

ceed,”

SULLIVAN-KEILEY.
Notable Wedding ta « Private Chapel ino
Brooklyn at 7:30 in the Morning.

The wedding of Miss Helen Mary Pia Kelley
to Alexander M,. Sullivan, a son of Timothy
P. Sullivan, former Lord Mayor of Dublin,
lreland, took place at 7:50 o'clock yesterday
morning atthe home of the bride's parents,
Major and Mrs. John D. Keiley, 213 Clermont
avenue, Brooklyn, The ceremony was per-
formed in a private chapel at the house, where
an altar was erected by special dispensation
from the Pope many years ago. The dis-
pensation fur the marriage was recently
granted. The Rey. Dr. Benjamin Jd. Kelley,
Rishop of Savannah, Ga., who ts an uncle of
the bride, performed the ceremony, and the
nuptial massa was celebrated by Cardinal Gib-
bons. ‘The bride was given away by her father
‘There was no best man or bridesmaid or maid
of honor. Those who witnessed the ceremony
were relatives and several clergymen, includ-
ing Viear-General McNamara of the Diogese
of Brooklyn, the Bishop of Richmond, Va.,
and the Bishop of Detroit. The bride's gown
was of ivory satin, en train, and trimmed with
real lace, Ter veil was fastened with orange
bloseormns and she carried a cluster of white
roses. After a wedding breakfast Mr. and
Mrs. Sullivan sailed on the steamer Teutonic
for Dublin, where they will reside.

HICKS MYERS,
Niece of the Former City Comptroller Wedded
to an English Lancer.

Miss Sylvia Myers, the daughter of Mr. Julian
Lawrence Myers, and the niece of Theodore
Myers, formerly Comptroller of New York
city, was married in London,on July 80,to Percy
Stanislaus Hicks of the Forty-second Lancers,
Hyderabad contingent, son of the late Capt
Edward Percy Hicks of the Forty-second Uiah-
landers, the Black Watch. The wedding was
solemnized in St. Geor@e's, Hanover Square,
and the friends of the contracting parties were
in attendance. Mr. and Mrs. Hicks and Mra
Myers are now on their way to this country
and are expected to arrive to-morrow.

Mr. Lawrence Myers, brother of the bride,
said last night that his mother and hie sister
had been in England for the last four months
At u boating party Mr. Hicks met his sister
and became devoted to her, fils mother ap-
sroved of the match and they were married
je received a letter from his mother asking
him yesterday to print a notice of the wedding
in order that their American friends might
be made aware of it before the couple arrived
home

Blodgett— Bemiss.

RicumoNnp, Va, Aug 15—John Taggart
Blodgett, a Justice of the Supreme Court of

Rhode Island, and Miss Amy Lucy Bemiss were
married neve to-day by the Rev. Dr. Robert B
Kerr of the First Presbyterian Church. The
bride is a daughter of Mra. Fannie Lockert
gomie. Her father was the late Dr. Samuel I,
dermiss

Vells tn Angust

are « practical necessity. Our ‘Traveller’ ts the
newest addition to a most complete midsummer stock
Inspect the novelty *hadow meshes with single and
eo oe spots, Simpson, Crawford & Simpson, 6th av,

OLD ENGINEERS DISCHARGED.

Island Ratlroad OfMfictals Break Up
Harry Rhodes's Amagansett Place.

The arrest of Harry Rhodes at Amagansett
last week for selling liquor without a Hoense
has been followed by the discharge of three
old engineers on the Long Island Railroad, (il-
bert Corey, T. F. Brennan and M. Carroll,

For two years Khodes, who was formerly
a conductor on the Long Island Railroad, has
run a boarding house in Amagansett and has
received the patronage of railroad men whose
runs ended there. Word was brought to the
railroad officials that trainmen were obtain-
ing liquor at Khodes's place and an inyestiga-
tion resulted in a complaint to the Internal
Revenue Department and then to the excise
officials of the State that Rhodes was selling
liquor without a license, Nothing came of this
action and the railroad company then en-

aged private detectives, They obtained evi-

ence and the railroad officials obtained a war-
rant from the local courts for the arrest of
Rhodes,

Sheriff Wells, a deputy and four citizens
went to Rhodes's house and arreste {mm after
@struggle. He was taken before Justice Ray-
nor at Sag Harbor and placed under $2,000
bail to appear before the Grand Jury of S5uf-
folk county, The discharge of the engineers
followed,

FARRELL WILL NOT BE DISTURBED.

Long

 

Justice Lambert Says Civil Service Com-
missioners May Look Elsewhere.

Beven Justices of the Supreme Court tn
Brooklyn revently appotnted Charlies H. Farrell
a deputy clerk with a salary of $2,500 a year,
beginning July 1. The Civil Service Com-
mission refused to certify the payrolla on the
ground that Mr. Farrell's appointinent was

legal, as he had not pussed an @Xamination
The Justices of the Supreme Court contend
that the appointment was proper, as he had
been advanced from the position of court at-
tendant and had served three years, as called
for by the rules and regulations. The Civil
Service Commission secured an order for Mr
Farrell to show cause why @ mandamus secured
by hirm should not be vacated. Counsel yester-
day held that if the mandamus was vacated
Mr. Farrell's rights were gone

“He has been appointed,” said Justice Lam-
bert,"is working,and 1 am going to let him stay
This appointment will not be disturbed. The
motion to vacate is denied. MH you want to
test the question of examination by the Civil
Service Commissioners, you may take up some
other case than that of Mr. Farrell.”

————

maRHRiEDYD.

BICKS-MYERS,—(On July 30,1900, at St George's,
Hanover Square, Pcrcy Stanisiaus Hicks, Fourth
Lancers, Hyderabad Contingent, second son of
the late Capt. Edward Percy Hicks, Forty second
Higblanders (the Black Wate), to Sylvia, only
daughter of Julien Lawrence Myers, Esq, of New
York.

 

 

BARRETT.--On Sunday, Au€. 12, 1990, suddenty,
Louts Randolph, eldest son of Sarah AW and the
late James M. Barrett, tn the 60th year of his age.

Funeral services from his late home, 73 Beach st.,
Bloomfield, N. J., on Thursday, Aug. 16, 1900, at
3.30 P. M. Trains leave oo D L. & WOR RK.
foot Barclay st., and Greenwood Lake R. R, foot
of Chambers st. at 2:10 P.M. Carriages will be
in waiting at stations in Bloomfeld

ARAIDICH.- Suddenly, on Aug. 14, 1900, Abbie
J., wife of Adolph F. Bratdich.,
Funeral services at late residence, In Babylon, L. 1,
on Thursday eventing, Aug. 16, 1900, at 8 o'elock,
Interment private.

HUNTINGTON,—At Pine Knot, Raquette Lake,
N. Y., on Monday, Aug. 18, 1900, Collis P. Hun
tington

Funeral services private at his late residence, 2
Fast 57th st, on Friday morning, Aug. 17, 1900,
at li o'cloek.

MINOR. Suddenly, at Badnaubeim, July 5, 1000,
Harriett F. De Camp, wife of Charles W, Minor of
Stamford, Conn,

Friends are invited to aliend the funeral at Christ
Church, Tarrytown N. ¥., on Friday, Aug. 17,
1900, at 10 o'clock. Funeral private.

PARSONS, —At Plainfield, N. J., on Aug. 14, 19090,
Maty Hemminger Piatt, wife of Kenyon Parsons,
of apoplesy

Funeral private. Interment at Greenfield, Mass

POWER.- At Wappinger's Falis, Dutchess county,
N. Y., at the rectory of St. Mary's Church, Rev.
Michael ©. Power, in the 75th year of his age and
the fifty third of his priesthood

The reverend clergy and friends are Invited with
out further notice to attend his funeral at the
above-mentioned church, on Saturday, Aug, 16,
1900. Train leaves the Grand Central depot for
New Hamburg statlonatsP.M ,

POWERS..-On Wednesday, Aug. 15, 1900, Arthur
A., son of R. Augustus Powers
Notice of funeral hereafter.

REDDING,—On Tuesday, Aue. 14, 1900, at her
residence, 201 West 122d S1., Lillie, the beloved
wife of Willlam H. Redding

Funeral services at St Catharine's Church, West
153d st and Amsterdam av, Thutsday, Aug. 16,
1900, at 10:30 A.M. Priends respectfully tn-
Vited.

RIKER.~ At Seabdright, N. J.. on Monday, Ang. 18,
1900, Henry Laurens son of John 1. and Mary
Jackson Riker, in the 41st year of bis age

Funeral services will be held at the Church of the
Incarnation, Madison av. and 35th #t, NewfYork,
on Thursday morning, Aug 16, 1900, at 10:30
o'clock. Please omit Sowers.

ROSS,—At Belmar, N. Jon Aug, 16, 1000, after a
abort fliness, Henry Harrison, eldest son of Wii
Ham A. Rosas, Craigavad, County Down, Ireland,

RKuneral private.

TS KENSIOO CEMETERY.—Private station, Har.
lem Railroad; 48 minutes’ ride from the
Central Depot. Office, 16 Kast 42d at, - oe

 

 

(ee TE ee
_

           
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

The new romance—first chapters
in August Century.

“THE HELMET
OF NAVARRE”

“It is dramatic, well conceived,
and well connected. There is sin-
gleness of interest, there is light-
ness of touch and facility of
expression.”—5St. Pau! Dispatch.

 

50! —Hogarih’s Pictures, Hab Ballads, Had Baba,
‘ Asmodeus, Manon Lescaut. PRATT 16) 6thay,

NEWPORT SOCIAL EVENTS.

  

Mrs. Ogden Mille Gives a Dinner Dance—Mre.
Wiliam Astor's Dinner Party.

Newport, R. 1., Aug. 15.—It was very quiet
in social circles to-day. This morning there
was quiet a @athering Of the fashionable set
at the Casino to witness tennis, but other than
that there was little activity until evening.
To-night Mrs. Ogden Mills gave a dinner dance
at Ocean View in honor of her two danghiters.
lt was not a large affair and was for the younger
set, There were thirty guests for dinner and
a like number came in for the danees that fol-

lowed. During the evening the’ cotillon. was
danced, It was led by Worthiugton White
house. The favors were flowers and faney

hovelties

To-night was also the oreasion of one of
Mre William Astor's state dinners Itwasgiven
in honor of Col. and Mrs. Johm Jaeob Aster
The table was decorated with Armerican Beauty
roses and the house was decorated with paln
An orchestra was in attendence. Mrs. Astor's
guests were Col. and Mrs. John Jacob Astor

Mr. and Mrs. EC. Post, Gen. and Mrs. Llovd
Bryce, Mr. and Mrs. G. B. De Forest, Mr. and
Mre. Klisha Dyer, Jr, Mr. and Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs, Mr. and Mrs. Delaney Astor Kane,

Mrs. J. P. Kernochan, Mrs. 1. BR. Bishop, Mra.
W. P. Thompson, Mrs. sane Bell, Mrs. Riehard
Gambrill, \ Kutherford, ¢ Hitcheock, F
Yonaga, E. Gregory, J. V. Parker and ©. Codinan,
dr.

During the afternoon there were lincheons
given by Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney, tn_her
studio on the cliff, Mra. a. 7 Davies, Mrs.
kK. T. Gerry and Mr. Alfred Vanderbilt. The
clambake Aub also had a time at thelr shanty
on Easton's Point

 

aa

Colleges and Schoois,

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

Dwight Schoo!

35 West 45d Street, New Vork City,
2ist Year opens Sept, 26th,

High class private school for boys from 7 to 20
yeare of age ndividual attention given bey hows
education bas been irregular. Large faculty. “Labo
ratories. Giymnasiutn Atbletios

4 ’

ST. FRANCIS’ COLLEGE,
HALTIC STREPT, BROOKLYN,
CONDUCTED by the FRANC ISCAN BROTHERS.
Claseical, Sefoutific and Commerctal Courses
Entrance 4! Butler street App y for Catalogue
BROTHER FIDELIS, 0.8. 1... Rector,

HAMILTON INSTITUTE,

45 West Sist St., Mapbattan Square, North,
REOPENS SEPT ,

26T i!
Yor information ‘or catalogue address

WN. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M. A., Principal.

PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY COLLEGE

Chester, Pa, Avth year begins Sept. 10th.
Decrees in Civil Rngineering, Chemistry, Arts. Also
‘Thorough Preparatory Courses. lufantry, Artillery
and Cavalry OMS “A military school of the highest
order.”’--U, 8. WAR DEPT
Catalogues of Coil. C. FE. HYATT, President

"CHE RECTORY SCHOOL, New Milford, Liten
fleld Co, Conn, Address Head master, Harvey
F. Taylor, formerly of Pomfret, Conn. , or Mr. Charies
8. Everest, M.A.
Referenee by permission; Mra Wm D. Diack,
Patroness of Ingleside.

For Girls & Young Women-City & Country.

LADYOLIF'F.

Academy of Our Lady of Angels Under the
Direction of the Franciscan Sisters.

LADYCLIFF wkerrscinencri

WEST POINT HOTEL),
Board & Tultlon, $200 peryear. Send for Prospectus

ST. MARTHA’S “Sciooc"
for girls of good character. BRONXVILLE, N.Y.

Under the care of the SISTERS OF 6f JUSEPH OF
NAZARKTH (Rpiecopab, {are

For Young Men & Women-—City & @ountry.

 

JENNINGTON (N. J.) SEMINARY, on Bound
Brook R. R: 62d year; both. sexes; healthful loey
tion; home comforts; noblity of character and care
ful training our constant aim; $65,000 new improve

ments
THOMAS O'HANLON, D. D, LI. D., President

NEY, YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 15 West
4 434 st; Brooklyn, 200 Joralemon st, prepares
any one for REGENTS, colleges, schools; open now

—— .
= Business Colleges.

Long Island Business College,

143 to 149 South sth St., Brooklyn,
The buciness training school of today for young
men and young women Day and Evening sessions
KEOPENS SEPTEMBER 10
HENRY ©. WRIGHT, Prinelpal

 

 

Law Schools.

Day School, 55 Nassau 41.
oe MS Pvening School, # West i 4th St

“Dwight Method’ of Instrec-
tien, LL.B. in two years; LL.M. tn three ra

Send for catalogue GEORGE CHASB,

ep

-

RL Ee en ee

ee ERR A