iderrtntnccatiencmmnmnenaes

VOL. LUY-Ko. 78.

RECEIVERS FOR SHUT BANKS |” eee ee

EVIDENCE OF CRIME IN TWO, SAYS
ATTORNEY-GENERAL.

@ix That Closed in the Week of the Knicker-
becker Run Put in the Hands of Men
Appointed Up the State—The Banks
Are the Hamiiten, the Brooklyn, the
Berough and the Williamsburg, the
International and the Jenkins Trust
Companies—Jenkins’s “Loans” and Al-
leged Forgery in the Borough Bank
to Be Laid Before the Grand Jury.

Pursuing his polfey of avoiding New
York County Judges in his receivership
eases, Attorney-General Jackson went up
yesterday to Kingston in the Third Judicial
District and had temporary receivers ap-
pointed for six of the New York city bank-
ing concerns that closed in the week of
the Knickerbocker Trust Company run.
In the cases of the Jenkins Trust Com-
pany and the Borough Bank of Brooklyn
criminal proceedings are promised. Presi-
dent Jenkins is accused of making unlaw-
ful loans to bimself, and’ in the Borough
Bank it is alleged that evidence of forgery
‘as well as of overioans has been found.

The action of the Attorney-General was
@ surprise to the officers of some of the
institutions,
them on their feet.
ths Brooklyn Bank is excepted, jn
Atcorney-General’s siatement

who expected soon to have
It will be noted that

given be-

ican Leader, in California Shoota
Daughter and Commits Suatcide.

San Francisco, Nov. 16.—Major Frank
Mclauginin, Republican politician, who
has been well known in State affairs for.
twenty-five years, shot his daughter to-
day at Santa Cruz and then took poison
and died Insanity is given as the cause
of the act. The daughter cannot live.

McLaughlin gained prominence in the
@arly '80s as a Republican leader from Santa
Cruz county. He was chosen op
elector several times and was |
elected a delegate to national conventions.
He made a large fortune in mining, but met
reverses when he attempted to divert the
waters of the Father River, near Oroville,
and gather gold from the old river bed.
After spending several millions belonging
to English stockholdera he found that huge
boulders in the river bed prevented him
from working the ground. Other dis-
astrous ventures followed which swept
away most of his fortune.

It is supposed that these losses preyed
on bis mind and led him to try to kill his
daughter. She was 22 years old, unmar-
ried, and had kept house for ber father
since her mother’s death several years ago.

Major McLaughlin must have shot his

‘daughter Agnes about 10 o'clock this morn-

the |
\
| doctor,

low, from the liat of the suspended banks |

concerning which Clark Williams, Sun-r-
intendent of the Banking
is said to have informed the Attorney-
General that they have been unable to
secure the necessary additional capital
The following statement was given out
at the office of the Attorney-Genera! here
yesterday afternoon by Attorney-General
Jeckeon'’s secretary, who said
Attorney-General would not he in the city
before Monday:

“Attorney-General Jackson appeared be-
fore Justice Bette in Special Term of the
Supreme Court at Kingston this morning
and made application for the appointment
of receivers for the Williamsburg Trust
Company, the Hamilton Bank, the Borough
Rank of Brooklyn, the Brooklyn Bank,
the Jenkins Trust Company and the Bank, |
national Trust Company.

“The application in each - instance was
based upon an affidavit sworn to by Mr.
Williams, Superintendent of the State
Banking Department, stating that it was
necessary that the affairs of the bank
should be administered by a. receiver.
Justice Betts appointed these temporary
receivers:

“Williamsburg Trust Company—Frank 1.
Bapst of Buffalo; bond, $300,000; deposi-
tories, Farmers Loan and Trust Company
awdthe Nateaa Bank of New York.

“Bataihod Bank—Frank White of New
York; bond, $200,000; depositories, Title
Guarantee and Trust Company and the
Fitth Avenue Bank of New York.

“Borcugh Bank of Brooklyn—Henry A.
Powell of Brooklyn and Isaac N. Cox of
Ellenville, Ulster county; bond, $100,000
each; depositories, Union’ Trust Company
and the Bank of Manhattan.

“Jenkins Trust Company—John Mulhall
of New York; bond, $200,000; depositories,
United States Trust Company and the Corn
Exchange Bank of New York.

“Brooklyn Bank—Bruyn Hasbrouck of
New Paltz; bond, $150,000; depositories,
the Central Trust Company and the Bank
of America.

“Ioternational Trust Company—Goodwin
Brown of Yonkers; bond, $100,000; deposi-
tory, the Bankers Trust Company.

“Mr, Bapst is managing director of the
German-American Bank of Buffalo, a di-
rector of the Columbia National Bank of
Buffalo, president of the Buffalo Dredging
Company, president of the Buffalo Ex-
panded Metal Company, a large inde-
pendent oi] company, a large stockholder
im the Lackawanna Steel Company and is
substantially interested in other enter-
prises. He was selected to audit and wind
up the affairs of the Pan-American Expo-
sition Company at the time the Federal
Government appropriated $500,000 to help
pay the creditors of the company.

“Myr. White was First Deputy Attorney-
General under Mr. Jackson and since the
first of the year has been the legal! adviser
of the State Banking and Insurance depart-
ments. He is the author of ‘White on
Corporations’ and has a law office at 32
Liberty street, New York city.

“Mr. Powellis an attorney at law residing
in Brooklyn, with offices at 206 Broadway,
New York city.

“Mr. Cox is a former member of Congress
and is now president of the First National
Bank of Ellenville.

“Mr. Mulhall is a real estate dealer, with
offices at 158 Broadway, and is heavily
interested in real estate in Manhattan and
Brooklyn.

“Mr. Hasbrouck is a merchant and a
large brick manufacturer at New Paltz,
and is also engaged in the real estate and
insurance business.

“Mr. Brown lives at Yonkers and has
offices at 192 Broadway, New Yorkcity. He
was pardon clerk under former Governor
Cleveland and subsequently was appointed
té the State Lunacy Commission, where he
served for fifteen years.

“Jt was on October 25 and 26 that Supt.
Williams reported to the Attorney-General
that he had taken possession of the Williams-

we Company, the Hamilton Bank,

Borough Bank, the Jenkins Trust
Company and the International Trust
Cc and that it was unsafe and inex-
pedient for these institutions to continue
doing business.

“The statute requires that upon receiving
such from the Superintendent
of the State Banking Department the |
Attorney-General shall proceed at once
in the courts against the insolvent insti-
tution, The language of the statute is
mandatory in this respect, but Mr. Jackson
was anxious to give the banks ample op-
portunity to secure the necessary additional
resources to enable them to safely resume
business. and he accordingly refrained
from taking any action until to-day. Both
the Attorney-General and Supt. Williams

to onoperate with tho officers and
directors of the closed banks in an str |
te put them on their feet again.

“On Thursday Supt, Williams informed

Continued on Fourth Poga.

Department,

that

| detter hurried into the house he found the |

ing. for a few minutes after this hour ex-
Lieut. Gov. Jetter received a telephone
message from McLaughlin asking him to
come up to Golden Gate Vista, his home,
and see him on urgent business. ° When
Jetier replied that he had a law case that
prevented him from coming at once he was
amazed to hear the Major say:

“You must come up at once and bring a
as L have killed my daugbter Agnes
and | intend to kill myself.”

Jetier rushed out and with Dr Congdon |
drove to the McLaughlin home. When |

Major in the sitting room lying on the
floor gasping for breath. By his aide was
a phial half full of prussic acid, the poison
he had swallowed He died in a few
minutes. In an adjoining room Jetter
found Miss Agnes McLaughlin with a

bullet wound clear through the head. She

the '

I
I

was unconscious and she has not rallied

since

WORE MONKEY HOUSE ARRESTS.

One of the Prisoners Says He Is Leon
@azauran, Hammerstein Tenor.

A man who described himself as Leon
Cazauran, a tenor in Hammerstein's opera
company, and a companion, who said
he was Claude Nojeska, a singer, also of
be same company, were arrested in the
monkey house in Central Park yesterday
afternoon charged with attempting to
corrupt the morals of Eugene Nash, 12
years old, of 21 Eighth avenue. They
were taken into custody by Detective
J. J. Cain, the same man who arrested
Caruso of the Conried opera company
last season.

Cazauran said that he lived at 247 West
Thirty-fourth street and Nojeska gave
his address as 25 West Thirtieth street.
They said they were 29 years old and gave
occupations as singers. Nojeska was very
dark and was put on the police blotter as
a negro. The prisoners told Lieut. Lynch
of the Arsenal police station of their em-
ployment in the Hammerstein opera com-
pany.

Cazauran was discharged by Magie-
trate Droege in the night police court and
Nojeska was fined $10 on a charge of hav-
ing an obscene picture in his possession.
Counsel for the men told the reporters in
the night court that the men were a couple
of concert.hall singers.

Oscar Hammerstein said last night that
he had never heard of Nojeska, but that he
had engaged Leon Cazauran in Paris last
summer to sing minor tenor parts.

“Cazauran can’t speak any English, so
I don’t see how he can be guilty of the
charge. But whether it proves true or not
I won't allow him to sing because of the
incident,” said Mr. Hammerstein.

ROUGH RIDER MAY LOSE HIS JOB.

Charges Against Major Llewelyn, Distriet
Attorney for New Mexico.

WasHINoTOoN, Nov. 16.—There is a chance
that one Rough Rider will lose hia job. The
President is in a quandary about his old
comrade, Major W. H. H. Llewellyn, now
United Stat®s Attorney for the District of
New Mexico, and no conclusion will be
reached until Mr. Roosevelt has pursued
further investigations. All the good Fed-
eral offices in New Mexico, from Governor
down, are held by Rough Riders. There is
bitter factionalism in the Territory and
charges of many kinds have been pre-
ferred against Major Liewellyn. Most of
them allege incompetency.

The District Attorney has come in col-
lision with special agents of the Depart-
ment of Justice and the Interior Department
and the heads of these Departments in
Washington are concerned over the situa-
tion which has arisen in connection with
the administration of the land laws and the
prosecution of land fraud cases in New
Mexico. The President will not part with
the services of his former comrades unless
absolutely compelled to do so by force of
circumstances, but he may be obliged to
choose between devotion to the Rough
Rider District Attorney and the advice of
members of his Cabinet. Major Llewellyn
was at the White House this morning, ac-
companied by Gov. Curry of New Mexico.

WOMAN WITNESS'S ORDEAL,

Kept in Jall Two Days Because She Saw a
Peliceman Killed—Out on Ball Now.
Mrs. Cora Johnson of 194 Duffield street,
lyn, whose purse was stolen by William
ore, & negro,
before Morse shot and killed Patrolman
Kavanagh, was taken before Judge Fawoett
in the County Court yesterday on a writ of
habeas corpus procured by her attorney
and admitted to bail in $5,000.

The attorney told the Judge that imme-
diately after the shooting Mrs. Johnson
was taken to the Adams street. station by
the police and locked up as a material
witness. On Friday morning she was
committed to jail without bail by Magis-_
wate Tighe, and while an innocent party

o the whole proceeding had been con- ,
fined in jail two days.

WRIT FOR A A_ BROTHER,

Henry Kelly Says “Arthar is Detained
by Edward.

Justice O'Gorman granted in the Supreme |
Court yesterday a writ of habeas
directing > slay Ar Kelly
court on a elly.

a lotion of

writ was
Henry . gant, All * .
Kelly lives at 109 Hancock

if and he says that Arthur is ing
Edward at the ae # home,
inetieth street, and that he 4:
health and S*that no one is aoeil
gee him.

=

on Thursday night, just |

= ot =e

nee

+NEW YORK. SUNDAY, NOV EMBER ‘17. 1907. —Copurtelt, 1807, by Phe Bun’ Printing and Publishing Association

STECKLER IN FATAL 1 WRECK

J, HW. ECKSTEIN KILLED IN HIS
CAR—EX-JUSTICE HMURT.
.

‘Their Wives Also Seriously injured ‘at a

Crossing in New Jersey —Mrs. Steckler |

May Die—Locromotive Carries Lumber.

| man’s Body On With the Wreckage.
'
Joseph Henry Eckstein, a lumber dealer

of 68 Broad street, whose home was @ +36
West Eighty-ninth street, was instantly |
kil'ed near Harrington Park, N. J., and ex-
Justice of the Supreme Court Alfred Steck -
ler, his wife and Mrs. Eckstein were seriously
injurgd early last night when a “wildcat”
freight train on the West Shore Railroad
bound from Newburgh to Jersey City
caught the automobile in which the four
people were riding and wrecked it com-
pletely
Mrs. Eckstein left her home about*?
o'clock yesterday afternoon in the auto,
a large touring car belonging’ to her hus-
band. She picked up Mrs. Steckler at her
home at 34 West Eighty-seventh street a
few minutes later and went on down town,

where Mr. Steckler and Mr. Eckatein joined |
the party. With Eckstein’s chauffeur driv- |

ing the car the party went over into Jersey,
following the line of the West Shore Railroad
up to Nyack.
In a second automobile, which nade a
part of the party, were Elias Summerfield,
who lives at the Hotel
Steinhart,
) Steinhart.

The party had dinner in ove of the small
towns along the road and had started home
when the accident occurred. The crossing
at which the auto and engine met is just
below the small station at Harrington Park.
Steep hills are gat both approaches.
Although there is an automatic electric
bell at the crossing to warn passersby the
chauffeur of Mr. Eckstein's auto started
to croas the track when the engine, going
at a good rate of speed, bore down on the
machine.

The chauffeur nearly succeeded in getting
the auto out of danger, but the pilot of the

Mrs. Summerfield and Mrs

engine hit the tonneau and the rear wheels |

}
|

| and broke the machine in the middle. The
wreck of the car was carried farty feet on
the pilot and then thrown to one side of the
track. Mr. Eckstein, who had been caught
in the splintered wreck and carried along
with it, was killed instantly. His body was
found lying near the wreck of the auto.

Mr. Steckler. his wife, Mrs. Eckstein and
the chauffeur had been hurled from their
seats by the blow from the engine. The
chauffeur was the least seriously injured.
His wounds were dressed on thespot by
Dr. J. E. Pratt of Dumont.

The second auto, about four minutes
behind the one wrecked, came up to the apot
just as the station agent and the train
hands were lifting the wounded out of the
roadway.

As soon as an alarm could be sent out
by the station agent at Harrington Park
doctors from nearby towns went to the
assistance of the wounded. Dr. Parseli
and Dr. Ward of..Claater.gave temporary
relief to Mr. Steckler and the two women,
the latter being unconscious from shock
and possible internal injuries.

The second auto in the party took the
three down to the Englewood Hospital, the
three physicians following in another car.

Coroner A. D. Lees of Hackensack was
summoned to take charge of the body of
Mr. Eckstein. He took it to the railway
station until facilities for removing it
to the nearest morgue could be had.

Alfred Steckler, Jr., the son of Mr. Steck -
ler, went to the Englewood Hospital early
in the evening as soon as news of the acci-
dent to his mother and father was reported
to him., Later he telephoned to his uncle,
Louis Steckler of 61 West Eighty-eighth
street, that his father's injuries were not
serious, being confined to a dislocated
shoulder and a contusedscalp. His mother,
however, was suffering from internal in-

juries and sever» shock. The doctors in |

attendance seemed to fear that she would
not recover

Mrs. Eckstein is badly hurt, but not in a
critical condition.
night that her husband was killed.

Coroner Lees said that Mr. Eckstein's

body would be removed to New York as |

soon as his relatives could get to Harring-
ton Park. The Coroner said that no ar-
reste would be made. He absolved the
engineer of the train from all blame in the
matter.

| Joseph Henry Fckstein, the dead man,

| has two children—Henry, 22 years old, and
Dena, 20 years of age. Both of them went
to New Haven yesterday afternoon to see
the football game. They did ‘not hear
about the death of their father and the
grave injuries of their mother until they
returned to their home last night. They |
hurried om « to the Englewood Hospital. ,

FINLAND BARS ALL Ligvor.

Drastic Prohibition Rasvits brom Women
Voting —“‘Sentiment” Rules.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sux.
Lonpon, Nov. t..--Finland furnished this
week a atriking example of the effects of

universal suffrage combined with virtual |

control by Socialist theories. Its Legis-
lature consists of a single chamber of 200
members Fifty-six per cent. of the voters
at the last election in the towns and 50 per
cent. in the rural districts were women.
Nineteen women were elected members
of the chamber. The Social Democratic
y elected eighty members, and it has
i other sympathizers.
It has just pasged a drastic act for the
| total prohibition of spirits, wine, beer and
| alcohol, which may be kept only for mectical ;
| and technical puryoess and for the use of |
| Russian troops. Even the use of wine’
| for the communion. service is forbidden.
| No one may keep alcoholic drinks in his |
| house unless he can prove that they were |
| in his possession before the act. was pa
The police have full rights of search and |
, the penalties vary from $20 fine to pas | |
tude for three yours. There
provision for loss of capital in breweries,
\ - Giatilleries or private houses.
The Baroness Gripenberg, one of the |
best known women members, said that in |
| dealing with a question of this vital social
| importance it was quite time “to leave
| reason aside and let sentiment “prevail.”
This moved the Times to remark:

vealed of the social Gomgeratie revolution |
| naked and unashamed.
jt lutions were content hn inaugurate the |
‘Age of Reason,’ and we know what 5 tae |
meant. It was reserved for the
ie revolution to ean le the |
of Sentiment,’ and we have yet to !

mn | ‘Age, of, Sentiment,” and At any rate it |

- | means, so oor as it has gone in ite chosen |

y of Finland, one
neiples of liberty.
that the law will ever
for the veto of the Czar

: "

Savoy; Richard ,

She waa not told last |

ls J. P, Hopkins Uses Clevetand’s Name—The
Freneh Lick Conference.
| Curcaco, Nov. 16.—Grover Cleveland as
; the Democratic candidate for President
| Was suggested in political circles in Chicago
| to-day. [t was urged that a ticket headed
| by Mr. Cleveland, with Gov. Johnson of
Minnesota for Vice-President. could be
elected. The Cleveland suggestion is in
the way of a Bryan antidote.
{| The suggestion came up in connection
with the “weekend” political gathering
which Chairman Tom Taggart of the Demo-
cratic national committee is to give at
| French Lick Springs, Ind., on next Friday.
| While all the members of the committee
have been asked to attend, the word brought
to Chicago is that none of the other poli-
| ticians invited ia of the Bryan persuasion.
Ex-Mayor John P. Hopkins advocates
the nomination .of Mr. Cleveland as the”
only way for the Democrats to get out of
the wilderness. Mr. Hopkins does not aay
he is speaking with authority. But he ia in
close touch with Mr. Cleveland's’ nearest
friends, both East and West, and the sug-
gestion is expected to be brought up at the
French Lick gathering.

TO CURB STOCK SPECULATION,

; Congres#man Hepburn Thinks Congress Will
Act Under Interstate Powers.

Cranmpa, la., Nov. 16.—Congresaman
Hepburn, chairman of the House Commit-
tee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce,
| in an interview to-day predicted that action
| looking to the curbing of stock specu-
lation would be taken at the coming session.
He said:

“I regard it as extremely probable that
| there will be enacted this winter legislation

to secure the regulation of the issues of

stocks and bonds of corporations doing
| interstate business. Certainly there ought
to*be such legislation and control. The

President and Attorney-General are aatis-
| fled that Congress has the necessary power
| and we certainly know that the question of

power cannot be decided until the legiela-
| tion has been had.

“L also regard it as moat desirable that the

| taxing power of the Government. should be

used to prevent gambling in railroad stocks

| by taxing all sales where delivery ia not made

within such reasonable time as to indicate

that the transaction was bona fide and not
for speculation.

“So long as there is buying and selling on
margins and without the intention of actual
delivery of the stock speculation will ab-
sorb the resources of the banks and take
money from legitimate enterprises which
need it. Stock speculators pay high rates
for money and their efforts are so attrac-

tive to the city banks that the banks arein-
duced to make loang outside the channels
of legitimate business. This not only tends
to involve the banks in speculation but it
withdraws the money from legitimate
business enterprises. ”. ‘

CROOK AS A SHUTTLECOCK,

French and Kfitgitsh Police Keep American
Undesirable Moving.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 16.-The French and
English police are having a little game of
hattledore and shuttlecock with an Amer-
ican undesirable as shuttlecock. So far the
honors are with France.

The English police first deported him.
After he had remained in France a while
the French police took him to Boulogne and
put him on a Folkestone steamer. The
Folkestone police spotted him at once and
returned him to Boulogne on the next
boat.

On his arrival at Boulogne, the French-
men took him to Calais and gave him a
first-class ticket to London, putting him
on thé night boat for Dover. He got safely
to London at 3 o'clock in the morning.

WILSON AND TAYLOR TO CONFER,

Governor-Elect and Ex-Gioverner of Ken-
tucky to Meet To-day in Indianapolis.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 16.—Governor-elect

Augustus E. Wilson of Kentucky will be here

to-morrow for a short visit to relatives

and W. 8. Taylor, Kentucky's fugitive ex-
| Governor, said to-day that he would see him
| and confer with him. He refused to say on
} what subject the conference would be held,
| but denied a report that he had notified
| Wilson that he would return to Kentucky

and stand trial as soon as the Republican
administration is inaugurated.

It is understood, though, that Taylor's
friends’ here have advised him that no
other course could be open to him now, for
Gov. Hanly would have no excuse to re-
fuse a requisition from Gov. Wilson, because
it would have to be assumed that he would
get a fair trial under a Republican adminis-
tration. Taylor's friends therefore think
| he had better go voluntarily.

PAID ITS MEN IN NICKELS,

Six Hundred Thousand Five Cent Pieces
D..oursed by Omaha Street Raliroad.
Omaua, Neb., Nov. 16.—Six hundred
thousand nickels in a bunch were turned
| loose in Omaha to-day when the Omaha
! Street Railway Company disbursed $30,000
| worth of the five cent, pieces in meeting

| the monthly payroll of the concern.
' Since the financial stringency began the
street railway company has been holding
enough cash with which to pay its em-
ployees on pay day. ‘To-day when the men
lined up for their money it was paid to them
; all in nickels. By paying out the chicken
feed the street railway company has made
change very plentiful in the shops, where
most of it wae spent this afternoon and this |
evening.

PIG WRECKS AN AUTO.

«. Maxw cli Titus, Wife and Friends Spilied
@ut Coming Frem Yale Game.

Watrrsusy, Conn., Nov. 16.—On the way |

from the Yale-Princeton game this evening
a pig ran across the narrow country road
, Near the Mixville cut and was nearly out
| im two by the big machine of C. Maxwell
| "Titus of New York, a covered car, in which
were Mr. and Mrs. Titus, Seaver Johnson
' and Roswell Burdick, who were all shaken

| up seriously. The car was wrecked and

the people brought to Meriden.
FIRE PRECEDED EARTHQUAKE.

Verdict of Kingsten Jury Against the
Insurance Companies.
” Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sum.

Kinoston, Jamaica, Nov. 16.--The hear-
ing of the first insurance action against the
| English companies in connection with the
; earthquake was concluded to-day. The
jury unanimously returned a verdict in
favor of the policyholders. ,

The origin of the fire was traced to s
' King street. two minutes before the earth-
' quake.

It is able that an will be
whe bine tous

eee

PROP, UNDERWOOD A SUICIDE

COLUMBIA MAW ALSO TRIES TO
KILL WIFE AND DAUGHTER.

ute Hie Threat After Slashing His Wife's
| ‘Threat and Attacking Hit Daughter
—Mre. Underwood's Finger Cut On
—Wall Street Losses Made Him Insane.

Danrury, Conn., Nov. 16.-Prof. Lucien
Marcus Underwood, Torrey professor of
botany at Columbia University and identi-
fled with the Bronx Botanical Gardens,
committed suicide this afternoon by cutting
hie throat at hie country home at Redding.
Prof. Underwood had gone insane suddenly
and attempted to kill hie wife and daughter
Helen.

According to Mra. Underwood her hus-
band had worried over losses in Wall Street
during the recent slump. He lost $15,000
and was afraid, it wae said, that his home
might have to be sacrificed.

Sinoe last Thursday night, Mra Under-
wood said, her husband has been walking
the floor nightly, and his phyaical condition,
due to loss of sleep, had become desperate.
Thie morning he was more cheerful than

; usual, and it was thought that he could
resume hie duties at Columbia on Monday.

Mrs. Underwood was in the kitchen of
her home when her husband rushed to her

| side He had a peculiar gleam in his eyes
and seized a potato knife and tried to ont
her throat:

Mrs. Underwood screamed, meanwhile
defending herself as best ahe could. Her
cries attracted her daughter, Helen, who
rushed to the kitchen just in time to see
her father draw the knife across Mrs.
Underwood's throat from ear to ear, making
a wound not deep enough to penetrate the
jugular vein.

Miss Underwood looked on in horror
until her father saw her. He let go of his
wife aod jumped toward the daughter,
with the knife raised to gash her as he had
her mother. When Mrs. Underwood saw
her daughter's peril she ran to aid her, and
in struggling with her husband she had the
little finger of her right hand cut off.

After trying vainly to overpower his
daughter, Prof. Underwood threw the
knife from him and ran to the second floor
of the house. His wife and daughter heard
him elam the door of the bathroom in which
he kept his razor, and presuming that he
meant to use it against them, or cut his
own throat, the two women fled in terror
from the house and went to the home of a
neighbor

After the alarm had been given by Mra.
Underwood several of the neighbors hur-
ried to the Underwood house. They found
the botanist lying on the bathroom floor
with a great gash in hia throat. He died
twenty minutes after he was found

Prof. Vederwsed « was born in Wood-
stock, N. Y., on October 26, 1853, and was
graduated from Syracuse University with
a Ph. D. degree in 1879. He got hig LL. D.
degree in 1896. He married Marie Annette
in 1881 and there
union, Helen

Spurg.at Goshen, Conn.,
was one daughter by the
Willoughby Underwood.

Prof. Underwood has been a teacher
since the time of his graduation and waa
professor of biology in Syracuse University
from 1883 to 1801. He then accepted the
chair of botany at De Pauw University
in Indiana, leaving there in 1805 to take
charge of the biology department in the
Alabama Polytechnic Sghool. After re-
maining there he accepted the professor-
ship of botany in Columbia University,
where he has been since.

Prof. Underwood was the author of
various books and papers on ferns, liver-
worts and fungi of North America. He
was a delegate to the International Botanical
Congress in Géneva in 1992 and Vienna
in 1905. He was the chairman? of the board
of scientific directors of the New York
Botanical Garden and at one time was
president of the Botanical Society of
America. He was a fellow of the American
Academy of Science and the New York
Academy of Science. Mr. Underwood was
a member of the Torrey Botanical Club and
the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity

Prof. Nathaniel L. Britton, director of
the Botanical Gardens at Bronx Park,

| anid last nigbt that he had known Prof.
Underwood in a scientific wav for twenty
years and that he was asa rule of cheery,

| jovial disposition. Three weeks ago Prof.
Underwood told Prof. Britton that he was
suffering from a nervous depression and
was unable to sleep.

On Friday, however, Prof. Underwood
came to the park and said he was feeling a
@reat deal better. Prof. Britton said he
looked extremely well at that time.

The daughter, Helen, was graduated from
Cornell University last year and is now
a student in the teachers college.

'

AGAINST FEDERAL OWNERSHIP.

American Federation Votes in Favor of
Private Control of Raliroade.

Norroux, Va., Nov. 16.— By a vote of 154
fo SO the American Federation of Labor to-
day declared its opposition to Goverament
ownership of railways and mines. This
was done after a hard fight. One delegate ;
| declared himaelf as bitterly opposed to pri-

vate ownership of the railroads, declaring
that they were better placed in the hands
of the Government than in the control of a
lot of men “whose wives gave dog and
; monkey parties at Newport.”

The large majority of the members were
against nationalizing the transportation
facilities and the mines. This was an

| amendment to the original resolution. On
| the question of = 2 the Federation
stands pat in its opinion
be controlled by the

CUTS SECOND CABIN RATES,

North German Lioyd Makes lt S409 to
Paris by the Swift Kaiser.

‘ernment.

Gustav H. Schwab, general manager ot |

the North German Lioyd Line at this port,
announced yesterday a big reduction of
second cabin rates from

‘an Wines,
New York,

that these should \¥

New York to |

Sunpay, Novaspen 17, 1007.
Pair to-day and to-morrow; variable winds.

WON'T PAY MRS. GOULD’S BILLS,

Howard Gould Publishes an Advertisement
to That Kifect.

Howard Gould, whose wife, Katherine

| Clemmons Gould, is suing him for a separa-
tion, alleging cruelty and inhuman treat-
ment, has served notice through the news-
papers that he will not be responsible for
Mrs. Gould's debts. His advertisement
reads:

“All persona are hereby notified that
Mrs. Gould and myself ate living separate
and apart; that Mrs. Gould is furnished by
me with funds sefficient for necessary and
reasonable requirements, and that I will
not be responsible for any purchases made

or debts contracted by Mrs. Howard Gould

or any person acting for her.”

MONEY LOOSE ON THE ARABIC,

Mrs. James Amory Moore Put It in ‘Cireu-
lation Hreely.

Mrs. James Amory Moore, who was ac-
companied by a maid and refused to say
much about herself, spread good cheer in
the steerage and stokehole of the White
Star liner Arabic, in yesterday from Liver-
pool and Queenstown. There seemed to
be no money stringency in the Moore house-
hold. She began encouraging circulation
at Queenstown, when three Lrishwomen
came aboard to sell lace to passengers.
Mrs. Moore gave them about $300. Later
she and her maid fattened the purses and
gladdened the hearta of the stokers. Mrs.
Moore, according to the ship's purser, also
gave pretty nearly $1,000 to the children

and women among the immigrants, of

whom there were oo)

IDLE MILLS TO START UP.

See
Cambria Stee! Co. to Open Closed Depart.
ments With Day and Night Shifts.

PITTrsBURG, Nov. 16.--Rumors that work
would be nearly suspended at the big mills
of the Cambria Steel Company, Johnstown,
because of the financial stringency were
dispelled by an announcement to-day that
several mille of the company which had
been idle for months will resume opera-
tions shortly. Several mills closed last
week will reopen on next Tuesday and by
Wednesday in other mills day and night
' About 1,500

shifts will be put on men

will go back to work.

COX OUT AND OFT FOR TAFT.
@incinnat! Bepublican teader Says His
Recent Interview Was Miseonstrued.

CINcINNATS, Nov. 16. This statement was
given out for publication to-day by George
B. Cox, local Republican leader, and ap-
peared first in the newspapers owned and
edited by Charles P. Taft, brother of Secre-
tary of War Taft:

“There appears to be a misconstruction
on the interview with me published in Tar
Sun while I was in New York. As far as
1 am concerned, I want the matter made
plain and placed before the general public
in a correct Way so that any doubt that may
exist may be dispelled. I want it under-
stood that my position now is as it always
has been in the past—that I am for William
Hi. Taft. for President, first, last and all the
time, ahd dhall do everything in my power
to get a solid delegation from Ohio for him
in the next national convention.”

ALABAMA RATE BILDS PASS,

The Governor Witt Soon Have All the Rall-
road Measures He Asked For.

Montoomery, Ala., Nov. 16.-The Senate
passed all of the railroad rate and regula-
tion bills to-day and they will go to the
House on Monday. The House bills have
been reported favorably in the Senate,
so that the whole of the railroad code will
be on the way to final passage by Tuesday.

It is expected that by the end of the week
all of the bills desired by the Governor in
his call will have passed.

OBJECTS TO HOME STUDY.

Pittsburg Schoo! Principal Says It Should
Be Abolished In All Grades.
PirtssurG, Nov. 16.--Oficiuls of the
Roard uf Education got a shock to-day when
Miss Nannie Mackre!}, principal of the
Moorhead school, one of the city's largest
institutions of learuing, announced that she
{| is opposed to hume atucly at night by pupils.
Miea Mackrell urged the hoard to abolish
|: practice in all gractes. She asaya:
“Nhat is required more than anything
ta ie voncentration in learning something.
It is frequently hard for a child at home to
concentrate its mind on a lesson. Besides,
some children do not see: to know how to
study. J really believe an extra session of
achool ought to be held after the regular
seasion, and it should be called a study cee-
aion, in which the time would he devoted en-
tirely to learning how to study.”

|
NEW PEAK CONQUERED.
i

German Gets to the Top of the Haute Tour
de Gilaris in the Alps.
, ” Speciat Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 16.--Herr Walther of the
Swiss Alpine Club has succeeded after
a score of failures in reaching the summit
of the virgin peak Haute Tour de Glaria
in the Alps, about 10,000 feet high. This
has defied the efforts of Alpine climbers for
many years.

The last 100 yards below the summit
was black and slippery perpendicular rock,
where neither hand nor foot will hold. It
is, all in all, one of the most difficult ascents
of the Alps.

Walther took four hours to make the last
100 Yards.

st. eeute Was | Mas Mitton Dollar Fire.
| a * Sr. Lovis, Mies., Nov. 16.—Bay St.
| Louis was practically wiped out of exiat-
| ence in a fire which swept through the town
| this morning. No lives were lost, but there
were scores of narrow escapes from death.
The loss is more than $1,000,000. Bay St.
| Louis is the capital of Hancock county and |
ia on the Gulf of Mexico, fifty-two Salles
northeast of New Orleans.
<atenbegeee
| Dougias Robinson May Go to Congress.
Utica, Nov. 16.—It is reported among |
| those who are in a position to know that |
| Douglas Robinson, brother-in-law of Presi-
dent Roosevelt, who became a citizen of
| Herkimer county last spring and who as
soon as he had ned a residence there
was launched in the local political stream
Ss his Republican neighbors of the town
Warren, may shortly represent the
Oneida-Herkimer district in Congress.

Big Bomb Loose in West Broadway.
A bomb found by Policeman Dillon of

= TESEASIWL OE ade

THIRTY-SIX PAGES,

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

YALE CONQUERSIN
THE SECOND HALF

‘Princeton, Playing Great Foot.
ball for One Period Only,
Beaten 12 to 10

ee

| TIGERS FAIL TO HOLD THEPACE

Booth’s 70 Yard Run After Blocked
Kick and Harlan’s Goal
Give Big Lead.

|

When Vale Returns te Field for the Pinal
Struggle the Batteries of the Blue Are
let Loose and Nassau Is Completely
Crashedi—Superiority of Yale's Taetics
Vindicated by Work of That Half and
Jerseymen Make an Utter Fatiare,
Although They Struggle With Natural
(irit to Poll Out a Vietory—New Foet-
balton Both Sides Makes a Splendid Bx-
bitition—Vast (rowd of 33.000 Watches
Struggle for Mastery om Vale Field,

) New Haven, Nov. 16.—With what seemed
| overwhelming odds against them at the
| conclusion of the firat half of to-day's big
.football battle the Yale varsity kickers
came to the scratch in the sé0ond period
with a wonderful exhibition of akill and
arit which rolled up twelve points and
pulled a sensational victory out of the fire,
at the same time dashing Princeton's hopes
to earth. Under a glowing sun, surrounded
by a wonderful crowd of 35,000 spectators
and upon a perfect playing surface, Yale
and Princeton put up what was pronounced
one of the greatest of intercollegiate games
in football history. When the first half
ended thousands who went to Yale Field
expecting to see the plucky Tigers easily
overwhelmed could hardly realize that the

boasted Yale champions had been out-.

played at every point and the score stood
ten to nothing against them.

That Princeton had played magnificent
football, far better than anything the Tigers

*| had shown before this season, was admitted

by all, but the failure of Yale's warriors to
show their usual skill and prowess was
something that nobody who studied the two
teams could understand. Princeton's at-
tack in the first half was a brilliant perform-
ance. It was so well conceived that the
Yale players were completely mystified.
YALE FOOLED AT FIRST.

From the very first moment that the
ball was put in play Yale apparently was
seemin ly on the alert for forward passes,
onside kicks and other open plays, with
the result that the defensive tactics of
the New Haven team practically made
Princeton's unexpected attack a com-
paratively easy task. With four men in
the Yale rush line on the defensive it was
by no means a difficult matter for the Tigers
using a series of fake plays to jam their
backs straight through the centre for gains
that shocked the Blue army of rooters.
As McCormick, the Princeton captain,
who was always a hero, cleaved his way
through the Yale defence for startling
gains it seemed as if the entire Yale eleven
went up in the air, for in spite of desperate
attempts to stop these advances of the
Tigers Yale was repeatedly driven back
in such a way that the friends of the Blue
were transfixed with astonishment.

PRINCETON'S FAST PLAY.

Princeton played lightning football from
the kickoff, and ko persistently was the
bail driven into Yale's territory that
made four attempts at kicking goals from
the field, one of which was successful.
This feat by Harlan followed a touchdown
by Booth, a lucky play. With the ball
on the Princeton 43 yard line Coy attempted
an onside kick. The Princeton forwards
slipped through upon him as quick as a
flash and as the ball left his foot it was
partly blocked.

Straight into the arme of Booth it flew.
and before the Yale players knew what was
going on he had started for Yale's goal
with a clear field in front of him. Coy
and Tad Jones gave chase, but Booth had a
good lead, and never faltering in his stride
he swept on to the magic mark with a touch-
down that set Princeton's followers wild
with delight. When Harlan kicked the
goal and made the score 6 to 0 the surprise
was 60 great among the followers of Old
Eli that few of them could speak. This
run of Booth's, which covered seventy
yards, was the longest of the game and
was similar to the victorious dash of little
Poo several years ago, an incident that
will never be forgotton in football annals.
Soon afterward Princeton, by a series of
fake plays, six in number, worked the ball
down to Yaie’s 5 yard line and it seemed as
if the Tigers were bent upon scoring another
touchdown, but the supreme confidence

in Harlan'’s kicking ability manifested
itself when the skilful halfback was called
| upon to drop a goal from the 15 yard line.
HARLAN SCORES 4 GOAL.
| He stood directly in front of the posts
|and shot the leather over the crossbar
for an easy goal, which increased the score
to19 to. When the first half ended, there-
| fore, with Yale outplayed beyond a quesa-
‘tion of doubt, the thousands of Princeton
| enthusiasts were simply uncontrollable.
They had not expected such a remarkable
| showing by their team and indulged in a
demonstration of joy that made the Yale
| army turn green with envy. Old timera
who had seen Yale brace with charac-
| teristic bulldog pluck simply ead, “Wate.
There is another half yet to play and you
will see soon enough that Princeton has
all she can attend to.”

And so after the usual intermission, when
Princeton had gone upon the field to wait
six minutes before the Yale giants appeared,
there was a renewed feeling of confidence

' among the New ere veoters. who koew

ee ee eee