|

/

 

Fair and,cooler to-day;
) ably tair with rising

¢

ao

 

VOL. LXXXVIL—NO., 88.

———
=—_——

VILSON

\) WEATHER FORECAST.
to-morrow prob-
temperature.

Highest temperature yesterda ; ,
& Detailed weather peponia on Ris wer, 5

 

 

 

++++

STILL GAINS;

 

ABLE TO

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEW: YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1919.—covyions, 1919, by tne sun Printing ond Publihing Association

 

ee -

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

——_ - -  -- + er =

 

SLEEP WITHOUT ARTIFICIAL AID;

RATES WILL NOT BE INCREASED WHILE U. S. CONTROLS ROADS;
HEDGES SEES NEW YORK STREET CARS STOPPED IN 90 DAYS

GIVES 3 MONTHS
TINE FOR ROADS
10 60 BANKRUPT

N. Y. Railways Receiver to
Ask Court Order Then to
Stop Operation.

HITS CROOKS IN POLITICS

 

Attacking Traction Lines Is
Cheap Way to Get Votes, He
° Tells Convention.

Speciat Despatch to Tus Sun.

Attantic Crry, Oct. 7.—Possibility
of stoppage of all traffic on the street
railway lines in New York city within
the next ninety days because of & lack
of a financial reserve was hinted at
to-day by Job Hedges, receiver of the
New York Railway Company, in a
speech before the American Electric
Railway Association in convention
here,

“When the financial burdens under
which we are laboring at the present
time,” he declared, “reach the point
where we cannot maintain a reserve,
which will be in about ninety days, I
am going to ask the court to stop the
running of cars, ’

“Trolley companies have been forced
to break contracts with municipalities
for carrying passengers at 5 cents be-
cause {t is a physical impossibility to
carry them under the present condi-
tions and stay out of bankruptcy.”
Vehement About Cheap Politics.

He insisted with a great deal of vehe-
mence that “cheap politics’ was stand-
ing in the way of a square deal for the
traction systems. “To attack the .trac-
tion lines is a cheap way to get votes
from cheap people for a dishonest propo-
sition,” was the way in whith he’
pressed it. “When it will be no longer
possible to run the lines honestly I
shall refuse to be a crook for popu-
larity.”

Mr Hedges declared that the question
of increased fares would probably be
solved “some time.” He stated that the
best way to reach a solution of the vex«
ing problem was by education of the
public. He believed that when the public
should be told “in a language they couid
understand” no opposition to a higher
fare would be made. “Our great prob-
lem,” he said. “is to get thé facts before
the public in language they can under-
stand. As it is the question of fares
seems to be an economic principle opt
ically administered.”’

John H. Pardee of Pottsville, president
of the association, in his annual address
declared that strikes on regulatede public
utilities were directed against capital to
obtain a fair share of profits of in-
éustries, but really were directed against
the public, and thus were a crime
egainst the people and should so be
treated.

Eficessive Wages Tax on Fares.

“Excessive wages are a tax upon the
fares, inefficient labor js similarly @
tax and the adjustment of wages is a
matter which vitally concerns those
who use street railway service,” he sald.
“In this adjustment the public is rep-
resented by the managements of the
electric railways. The effort of these
Managements toward maintaining a2
reasonable wage level ts exercised for
the public and the railways thus be-
come the agents of the public in the
disputes that arise in consequence of
labor's demands.”

Mr. Pardee also declared that there
must be a change in the system of col-
lective bargaining with employees, which
ts now in practice, “Collective bargain -
ing is the basts of the method of wags
adjustment under which we are now
Working, and collective bargaining
argues a monopoly,” he declared. ‘The
law of supply and demand is abrogated
end the law of competition as a regu-
lator of prices is set aside. Arbitration
between one responsible party and one
irresporsible party has never and can
never be productive of permanent good
or for long serve to settle disputes,

“If labor is to enter into an agree-
ment as to its wages, then labor must
assume responsibility for carrying out
of the agreements. If labor is to be
allowed the privilege of collective bar-
gaining for its services, then the agencies
through which this collective bargain-
ing is done must be endowed with
®me corporate personality which can
be held to account for the maintenance
of its agreements and the carrying out
of the awards made by the tribunals
to which ft submits its claims for arbi-
tration.”

INTERNECINE WAR IN
CHINA IS RESUMED

Northern ond Southern Gov-
ernments Begin Hostilities.

Dy the Associated Press.

 

Amor, China, Oct, 7.—Hostilities be-
tween the Northern and Southern Gov-
@nmests have been resumed, numerous
troops leaving this city against the
Bo) ‘hern forces stationed at Changchow,
‘ The usual rice supply to this port has!

ben ¢

The Chinese peace delegation at Paris‘
Pee advised fiom Pekin on August $8}
<a z-\-Tong, representing the;
. ety iovernment, had begun negor'|
wat Tang Shae ¥i ef the South-|
fr Government looking to reconeilia-!
Wor September 29 further advices |
Feported that \

Southern representatives
bad refused to treat with Wong-I-Tong

nd a resumption of hostilities between
|) Me two factions was

  

call

' ¥

 

r Be Malena iceak de 4
ew MN BOSE 9 288 WER cs ee
aie he Py $ . Tee

Fokker’s Pro
in in Is Seized

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sux from
London Times Service,
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

ONDON, Oct. 7.—The propenty
in Berlin of Mijaheer Fokker,
the airplane maker, has been
seized owing to his failure to
provide the $3,500,000 demanded
by, the taxation authorities as se-
curity against the export of his
capital from Germany.
okker is the Dutchman who
gave the German army aerial
ascendency for many months.

HINES GIVES OUT
FINAL DECISION
INRAILTARIFES

Suggests New Schedules Be
Prepared and Offers Aid
of Experts.

a

PUBLIC MUST BE HEARD

Letter to Association of Ex-

CHICAGO BEATS
CINGINNATY, 5-4) ese scr uote o

In Uphill Contest Sox Take ‘

Special Despatch to Tue Son.
Sixth Game of Series in Wasuinarton, Oct. 7.—A definite and
Tenth Inning.

 

what is considered a final decision that
there will be no further increase in
railroad rates during the period of

 

‘GANDIL’S HIT DECIDES! Government control was made to-day
by Walker D. Hines, Director-General
of Railroads, who made public a letter

Sends Weaver Home With| to T. De witt Cuyler, chairman of the

Association of Railway Executives, in
which he says any increase by the
Government is beyond the question.
Suggestion is made by the Director-
General, however, that the railroads

Winning Run—Ruether
Knocked Out of Box.

 

STANDING OF THE CLUBS.

PrP. W. 4. P.C.| prepare tariffs for increases regarded
Cincinnati (N.)....... 6 4 2 667! as necessary and file them with the
Chicago (A.)........ «; @ 4 333

Interstate Commerce Commission as
soon as Government control ends De-
cember 31. He offers all possible aid
in furnishing information for the pur-
pose, His letter to Chairman Cuyler
follows:

“From time to time I have dis-
cussed with you and other representa-
tives of the railroad executives the ques-
tion of what if any increases should be
made in railroad rates and the manner
in which such increases should be made.

Question to Be Considered.

“My view has been and is that this
present matter must be handled in ac-
eordance with the following considera-
tions:

“First—-The question of an increase
in rates could not properly be consid-
ered on the exclusive basis of the un-
favorable showing which the Railroad

By @ Staff’ Correspondent of Tux Scx.

Crnctnnati, Oct. 7.—This day saw
a subject ‘for heroics, degenerate into
a slapstick comedy; perfection sullied
until only here and there it showed
@ vagrant flash of its former bril-
liancy; the !deal hurled to ‘the level
of the commonplace. After five base-
ball games which had written into
world’s series history a veritable saga
of the Vikings of old the Chicago
Americans and the Cincinnati Nation-
als gave way under the strain. They
wied with each other in ineffective-
ness of pitching, puerile plays, tactics
of the tyro and slashing hitting of the
kind that warms the heart of the aver-
age enthusiast. And by a strange
trick of fate the more insistent sinners
were the victors. It took ten innings
to decide the issue, the Chicago team
winning by 5 to 4. The series now
stands four games and two in favor
of Cincinnati.

It was not a bad ball game to watch,
this medium for the second triumph
of the White Sox. But placed against
any other of the five previous con-
tests between the rivals for baseball
supremacy it was as a piece of plate
giass compared with the Kohinoor;

Part of this year, because that showing
was very laregly due to an abnormally

sults of that period could not fairly be
taken as a test for making increases in
rates. Necessarily, therefore, it seemed
to me that the formulation of any pro-
posal for a general increase in rates
would have to await a better oppor-
tunity for making an estimate as to
Booth’s Hamlet compared with the/ what the earning capacity would be un-
ravings of a village thespian. And | der normal conditions, I have been in-
for Cincinnati the bitterest part of creasingly confirmed in this opinion by
the defeat came in the shattering Of/ in. various developments which have
one of its leading yr ae ck taken place.
Walter Ruether, e le n os

pitcher whose work on the mound and Second—It has seemed to me that the
with the bat had sent the Reds off to} PUblic would not be satisfied under ex-
a 9 to 1 victory in the opening con- | '8ting conditions to have any general in-
test of the series, once more was| ‘rease in rates put Into effect without the
pitted against the-Chicago batsmen.|C°Mcurrence of the Interstate Commerce
But the Ruether of this afternoon was|COmmission. The public sentiment to
only the shadow of the Ruether who| this effect has been manifested in many
had scored so remarkable a triumph.| Ways throughout the year, and has been
His power to baffle was impaired and| emphasized by the recent passage by the
his ability to control the ball constant-, two houses of Congress of bills provid-
i. Sast,lnginn. 906 sti Dian, ate eo eae patecnne ee Bale
uncomfortable situations. oad A dela ir ets y. = ati
shall go into effect. It follows, therefore,
that time and opportunity must be pro-
vided for public consideration by the
regular rate making authority of any
rate proposals now made.

Ruether Knocked From Box.

Then came the debacle, in the sixth
inning. The White Sox had forced
Ruether to yield sik hits and three runs.
A Chicago runner was on second base,
thanks to a two base hit, and not a
single one of the opposition had been
retired. The Reds still were one run tn
the fore. It was a situation fraught
with posisbilities for disaster for the
Reds. While the gathering of 30,000
sat in mute expectation and unconcealed
trepidation Pat Moran signalled to him
who only a few days before had been
the hero of heroes.

Ruether strode off the diamond—
knocked out of the box. And as Jimmy
Ring of Brooklyn stepped onto the hill
to take up the task of trying to stem
the tide a pretty little woman in a field
box sobbed. Tears streamed down her
face while her husband, beaten and in
retreat, kept right on to the clubhouse.

Surely Ring, who had beaten Bddie
Cicotte and the White Sox by 2 to 0,
would stop al) this nonsense and put the
Chicago men where they belonged. At
least so thought the Cincinnati adher-
ents. But it was a trying heritage
which had come to Ring. A man on sec-
ond, no one out and the White Sox rid-
ing the high wave of hitting success.

For a time Ring kept the gnashing
Sox at bay, but they were not to be dex
nied. Came another safe blow and the
Chicagos tied the score.

An unwonted stillness came over the
park which only a few minutes before
had been a bedlam. But before long
Ring retired the third man and the
huge horde heaved a sigh of relief, It
was true, the score was tied, but wait
until the Reds got going with their
bludgeons.

Reds Not Up to Their Standard.

The Reds did peck away at their
bats, but the breaks were not with them.
And they were not playing the baseball
which won them four out of five
They faltered repeatedly, They got
one hit and a base on balls in the
seventh inning, two hits in the eighth
and one in the ninth, and then came) of American soldiers and sailors of the
the final effort in the tenth. Dickey |iast detachments still in Great Britain
Kerr, the little left hander, once more| will leave for the United States on a
pitched the way he had worked in his/ special steamship about October 138,
2 to 0 shutout and three Cincinnati| The army, and naval officials will tele-
batsmen swung their bats to no effect. | graph to-morrow to the wives, who are
The Reds had had their fling and the| scattered over Enaand and Ireland, to
day was done. proceed immediately to Southampton to

For the winning White Sox “Buck”| await the vessel. In many cases the

wives will bring with them one or two
Continued on Lagan ng Page.

Basis of Rate Review.

“Since the foregoing controlling fac-
tors must be respected it is evident that
it would be impossible for the Govern-
ment to establish any genera! readjust-
ment of rates prior to January 1, 1920,
It is also evident that any new basis
to be established for the future should
naturally be considered not from the
standpoint of unified operation of all
the railroads but to a greater extent
from the standpoint of the necessities of
the separate railroads.

“A rate adjustment which might fully
protect the Government when operating
all the railroads as a unit might wholly
fail to protect equally or fairly the dif-
ferent railroads when separately op-
erated.

“I therefore see no escape from the
conclusion that if the corporations de-
sire to make progress at this time with
this matter, they enter themselves upon
a study of the problem to determine
what tariffs they think ought to be pro-
posed with a view to filing tariffs ac-
cordingly with the appropriate public
authority.

“I suggest, therefore, that you advise
the railroad corporations that if they
desire to take this course I shal) be glad
to place at their disposal al! the infor-
mation in the possession of the Rail-
road Administration bearing on the sub-
ject. Since most of the traffic experts
who would ordinarily be relied upon by
the railroad companies in a matter of
this sort are now employed by the Rail-
road Aministration, I shall be glad to
provide that the traffic experts so em-
ployed shall aid the railroad corpora-
tions in studying this problem and bring-
ing it to a conclusion,”

 

100 More War Brides Coming.
Lonpon, Oct, 7.--Almost 100 wives

 

children. ;

a |

Administration was making in the early | Present

small freight business, so that the re-|

 

PEACE TREATIES RATIFIED
BY ITALIAN KING’S DECREE

Approval by Rome Parliament of Victor Emmanuel’s
, Action Is Considered Certain.

 

 

By the Associated Press.
ROME, Oct. 7.—King Victor Emmanuel has ratified the German and
Austrian treaties by decree.

The Giornale d'Italia says that each decree contains two articles, the
first authorizing the Government to execute the treaty fully and the sec-
ond setting forth that the decree be presented to Parliament to be con-
verted into law.

 

Ratification of the German treaty by the royal decree of the King of Italy
virtually completes the steps necessary for putting into effect the pact be-
tween Germany and the allied Powers, which was signed at Versailles on
June 28 and which stipulated it would become operative when ratified by
three of the great Powers. . ‘

The British Parliament has ratified the treaty, and the document now
awaits only ratification by the last of Great Britain's dominions to act upon it,
the Australian Commonwealth, before becoming binding upon Great Britain.

Approval was given the convention by the French Chamber of Deputies
last week, and the Senate is expected to take similar action this week.

The royal decree of the Italian monarch must receive approva] from the
next Parliament, which will meet at Rome on December 1, but it is considered
certain there will be little trouble in securing concurrence.

Italy by the action of her King is the first of the Powers to ratify the
treaty with Austria.

SENATORS ROW |RAIDS ON REDS,
OVER COVENANT; ACTIVE IN GARY

Poindexter Attacks
cock’s War Record as Be-
ing Pro-German.

 

 

 

Hiteh-| Socialist Literature Is Seized
—Gen. Wood Lays Trouble
to Radicals.

NEBRASKAN IN DENTAL 1,600 TROOPS QUIET CITY

 

Administration Leader Insists| Soldiers Check Attempt to
Radicals: Lead Opposition Hold Meeting—Men With
to Treaty. Weapons Arrested.

 

 

Bpecial Despatch to Tae Scux. Cricaco, Oct. 7.-—Quiet prevailed to-
Wasuincton, Oct. 7.—The frequent | day throughout the Indiana zone of
‘hints from Administration Democrats |the Chicago steel strike district, with
in the Senate that opponents of the | Federal and State troops in control
peace treaty and the league in its|of the situation.
form were pro-German At Gary, Ind, where Major-Gen.
‘brought forth a reply to-day Dela a Wood, commanding 1,600 Fed-
| Senator Poindexter (Wash.). The Sen-
| ator took the record of Senator Hitch- ae, Government agents seized a
| cock (Neb.), the President's Senatorial ,; Wuantity of radical literature in sev-
spokesman on foreign affairs, to point | ®T@! raids and a number of persons
bis remarks. Incidentally the propa-| Were taken before the military au-
| ganda of the League to Enforce Peace thorities and questioned. They were

and of other organizations supporting | Tele@sed later.
An effort by several hundred strike

£ympathizers to hold a meeting in one

 

; the League of Nations was discussed,
| and by opponents of the treaty se-
verely criticised.

Senator Poindexter resented with] noon was broken up by troops with-
warmth the continual suggestions that out violence or arrests. The crowd
the opponents or critica of the treaty :
were actuated by pro-German sym- scattered upon being warned by offi-
pathies. It was suggestions of this| cers in command of the troops.
sort that moved him to advert to Mr.

nnn

LABOR MEETING
VOTES FOR STAR
CHAMBER PLAN

Three Big Groups at Wash-
ington Conference to
Work Separately.

PUBLIC VIEWPOINT LOST

Free Exchange of Ideas and
Direct Action Impossible,
It Is Declared.

Special Despatch to Tae Sor.

WasHincgon, Oct. 7.—Two signifi-
eant things were done by President
Wilson's Industrial Conference in two
long sessions to-day.

The first was the adoption of a rule
under which the conference deter-
mined not to do business as a common
council but to caucus and act on all
matters by factional groups.

The second was a determination
that the caucus actions, the meetings
of the three big groups, representing
the employers, employees and the
public, were to be secret.

The rule with regard to group or
factional action upon all matters was
the subject of a bitter fight among
the representatives of the public. The
labor group and, it is understood, the
employers’ group were unitedly for
such a course. In some quarters the
rule is regarded as destroying one of
the fundamental considerations in the
cailing of a conference. It means
that the representatives of employers,
employees and the public will not
meet at a common cound! board for
free exchange of ideas and direct ac-
tion,

Instead each group will act as has
always been the case with employers
and employees in private council.
Each will miss the point of contact
and the thought and considerations
that lead to coriclusion,

Common Viewpoint Lost.

| There was strong support in the public
eral troops, has established “military! sroup for the common council idea, but

! the opposite groups outweighed this sen-
timent overwhelmingly. The arrange-
‘ment for caucus action means that on
every resolution presented and on every
other. matter the labor group will de-
termine its position in private session
and stand as a whole; that the employ-
ers group will do the same thing, and
ithat there will be no opportunity for
j the human element and common under-

‘viewpoint.

\ The threshing out of all matters of
| importance to bé dealt with is to be
done behind closed doors, and the public
) will not get the benefit of the exchanges
among the various elements composing

 

Germany Predicts Peace
Before U. S. Senate Acts

LONDON, Oct. 7.—The German

press foreshadows the ex-
change of documents relating to
the ratification of the peace
treaty in the latter part of Octo-
ber, according to wireless reports
received here.

This, however, is contingent
upon the completion of ratifica-
tion by Italy, France and Japan,
the papers intimate, and they
point out that the treaty thus
would come into force before the
termination of the debate in the
United States Senate.

[Since this information was re-
ceived jn London. the treaty has
been ratified by royal decree in
Italy.]

   
 
  
 
      
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

WILL FIX LIMIT
TO QUIT BALTIC

Supreme Council Is Preparing
Drastic Reply to Berlin’s
Unsatisfactory Notes.

SITUATION IS IRRITATING

Germany’s Good Faith in Von
der Goltz Matter Now Is
Seriously Questioned.

By LAURENCE HILLS.
Staff Correspondent of Tae S8vcnN.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

Paris, Oct. 7.—Germany’s note in
regard to the troops of Field Marshal
ven der Goltz in the Baltic States is
not satisfactory to the Allies. This
was demonstrated to-day when the
Supreme Council decided after long
discussion to draw up ‘a reply; all
agreed that Germany had not yet
proved her good faith and that the
Allies could not stand temporizing tac-
tics any longer. The reply may be
finished to-morrow and adopted by
the council.

One point that has irritated partio-
ularly the council is the virtual ad-
mission in the German note that these
troops, whose removal the Allies de-
manded weeks ago, have been and
still are in the pay of Germany end
that Germany made only a threat to
stop their pay without actually put-
ting it into execution. . It is explained
here that men in Von der Goltz’s army
Jwre in a measure adventurers, many
of them from Alsace and Lorraine,
Who are determined to obtain a per-

ed ecsereececnciemeritpncnensicceipctaioieaatesita easements aria eeneeatina ins reci—ena agence IAT

of the city parks at Gary this after-/ Standing or the bringing of a common | manent footing in the Baltic States

; 4nd settle there,
where else to go.

as they have no-

 

| Janction With Reds Not Verified,
Many of these troops, it is said, are in-

Several arrests were made during the tne groups. On the other hand actions; clined to join the Bolsheviki, as they

| Hitchcock's own record in the period| day on charge of carrying concealed | will be prepared in conclave, and tho| have been ruined by the war and they

before the United States entered the | weapons. Gen. Wood and Mayor Hodges
war. He charged that that record] issued statements at Gary attributing
showed Mr, Hitchcock had introduced | rigt disturbances there to “red letters.”
legislailon to embargo our shipment of In South Chicago, where no troops
munitions and supplies to the nations} are on duty and where parades and
that afterward became our associates | meetings have not been forbidden, sev-

o> pice nee: hate Amar eral thousand strike sympathizers par-
e@ subject w open ° i
fending the activities of the League to ——. sp FEN a oe al Ng og
Enforce Peace and like bodies, Mr. of the procession.

Hitchcock sald: ;

“One thing is very evident. There
will be no organized effort among the A number of men in army uniforms,
churches to oppose the League of Na-| estimated at about 150, came next in
tions. There is not enough sentiment | jine They were headed by a man wear-
of that sort to organize and the fact| ing an overseas uniform adorned with
that the churches are being appealed to/ the United States Distinguished Service
to organize anew for this great work | Cross, the French Croix de Guerre with
is very good evidence that the senti-/ palm and Medaille Militaire and the
ment is thera It i# not only the} British Military Medal. The marchers
churches but the women of the country] carried banners and placards proclaim-
and it !s the business men of the coun-| ing loyalty to the strike,
try. It is the laboring interests of the! At Indiana Harbor, where martial law
country; it is the public spirited senti-|has been proclaimed by Adjt.-Gen.
ment of the country that is making it-| Smith of Indiana, in command of fifteen
self felt here and it will make itsclf| companies of State troops, the Marks
more and moré felt the longer this fight | Manufacturing Company announced to-
lasts. day that it had started operation of its
| Blooming mill and expected that the

Sees High Class Support, plant would be running full capacity by

“AN of the high class and intellectual | ‘\0-morrow.
and vital organizations of the country No effort was made at any point in
wherever they speak speak for the the Chicago district to-day to interfere
League of Nations and for the ratifica- | With men going to work in the mills.
tion of the treaty,” It was aald by mill officials at Gary

Scnator Hitchcock reminded other | that several hundred additional men had
Senators that {t was necessary during | '¢ported for work. Union leaders, as in
the war to organize the campaigne for Sey disputed most of these state-
eeibe what sant Ay sation wihes” be tak Richard Wierseman, a former soldier,
“can be operated without the expendi- | who led the parade of strike sympathiz-
ture of money, What is done is done | ors at Gary yesterday and addressed a
openly. What ts done is done legit: | meeting later in Bast Bide Park, was
matoly and very properly. (om before Gen. Wood to-day and

Service Men in Parade.

“If the Senator,” said Senator Hitch- | questioned. The General explained the
cock, directing his remarks to Senator | reasons for his order prohibiting the
Poindexter. “wishes to see an organized | wearing of the army uniform in Gary by
effort against the League of Nations | former soldiers. Wierseman promised to
let him look at the Socialists’ and an-|don civilian garb and was released.
archists’ meetings of the country; the
Bolshevik meetings, the newspapers pub-
lished in interests of the anarchists, So-
cialists and Bolsheviki; every one of
them is fighting the League of Nationg
They are his allies; they are his organs
in this fight.”

Statement by Gen. Wood.

On his return from Gary to-day Gen.
Wood said concerning the situation in
the steel city:

“Upon arviving in Gary, Ind., at 7:45
P. M., October 6, 1919, a conference was

Senator Poindexter replied: “The Sen-| at once called of the city offictals, headed
ator talked a great deal about the Bol-j by the Mayor. Immediately military
sheviki and it was not very long since, control of the city was established.
he was talking about the pro-Germans| “It was evident at once that the Gary
being opponents of the league, It seems’ officials were extremely nervous over
to be quite a bold attitude for a Senator the situation.
j to take who while the fighting was good; of whom were aliens, a good many of
| between the Allies and Germany was do-| whom could not speak English, already
| ing what he could to retard it instead of ' had paraded the public streets in de
| forwarding it, at least up to the point! gance of the orders of the municipality
| where the United States declared war;|anda had declared thelr determination
| who on various occasions introduced bills! rurther to continue thelr street demon-
and resolutions for the ,pernece of | strations
thwarting efforts of our allies in their ‘ lice authorities w unabd
war with Germany and to cut off sup- wee » «

(Continued on Third Page.)

 

 

Continued on Fifth Page.

The strikers, nearly all|

| Public’ sessions of the conference seem
j destined to be confined to a series of
unit votes.

The procedure was typified when the
first motion was put to the conference
to-day. Samuel Gompers, president of
the American Federation of Labor, on a
call for the first vote, rose and said:

“I vote the delegation for the mo-
tion.”

The other delegations, or groups as
they are to be officially termed under
the rules, voted likewise.

Protest Wins Concesston.

Protest against this procedure Won one
concession. As originally framed py sane
Rules Committee, the rule of procedure
provided that no subject could be con-
sidered ty the conference that was not
j unanimously approved by one of the
| groups. John Spargo, Socialist and pub-
lia delegate, who had led the fight for
open consideration of all subjects by the
conference, urged forcibly an amend-
j ment that a minority report on any mat-
ter could be considered when ratified by
not less than a third of any group.

This amendment carried, so that mi-
norities are not entirely ruled out of the
conference. The only show for Iindi-
vidual power, Influence or logic, how-

 

see there, or think they see, a chance to
reestablish themselves. In this connec-
| ton @ report comes from Germany by
; Way of Copenhagen that Field Marshal
‘von der Goltz and his entire staff have
joined the Bolsheviki already. ‘This re-
port, however, is from the Petrograd
Telegraph Agency and has not been con-
firmed. One of Germany's assertions
was that the troops were rebellious and
| refused to obey orders to leave the Bal-
| tle region, as they desired to settle
, there,

| In her latest note, which the. Allies
| have decided is unsatisfactory, Germany
| declared that the pay of-the troops had
| been stopped, their supplies cut off and
Gen. Eberhard had been appointed to
succeed Von der Golta. The number of

these troops has peen estimated al) the
way from 30,000 to 75,000.

Germany's suggestion that the Allies
name B& commission is likely to be ac-
cepted, but not in the form that Ger-
many desires. Instead of a joint com-
| mission, consisting of allied and German
representatives, the Allies probably will
| name its own board of Generals, but only

 

End of Sultry Weather Has
Good Effect on His
Condition.

‘DAUGHTERS GO HOME

President’s Fretting Over
Being Kept Inactive
Causes Concern.

| DANGER LINE NOT PASSED

 

Doctors Will Not Permit Him
to Address the Industrial
Conference.

—_—_——-

Spectal Despatch to Taw Sox.

Wasninaion, Oct. 7.—There was
every indication to-night that the
President was continuing to improve.
With his appetite restored and his
nerves so soothed without artificial
aid that he is getting considerabie
rest, the optimistic bulletins which
have marked the past few days con-
tinued to come from his attending
physicians.

The principal fear of the doctors in
attempting to gulde the President
back to full health and strength is
that their patient himself will do more
to hamper them than any other factor
The President's evident chafing at the
continued absolute inaction deemed
so important in his treatment may
result in Mr. Wilson worrying him-
self into a highly critical state again.

White Hoyse Bulletins.

These bulletins were issued at the
White House:

10 P..M.

The President had a comfortable
day and is slightly improved.

, 11330 A. M,

The President’s improvement has
continued. His appetite is decid-
edly better and he is sleeping well.
The bulletins were signed by Drs.

Grayeon, Ruffin and Stitt.

While Chairman Lane of the indus-
trial conference hinted to-day that the
President may yet be eble to appear
before the windup of the deliberations
of the conference and deliver a message
to the delegates Drs. Grayson, Stitt
and Ruffin are determined that Mr
Wilson will do nothing of the sort
It is no part of their plan to permit
the President even to think of return-
ing to his public duties in anything
like so brief a time.

ccs cheep el EE ga tata

Weather Change Beneficial.

The end of the sultry spell which
has prevailed here resulted in Mr.
Wilson enjoying a refreshing sleep
last night. Long hours of sleep wil!
do more than anything else to rem-
edy Mr. Wilson's shattered nerves

When the President awoke this morn
ing he was said to be cheerful, but again
fretting because he was kept in bed. So
many affairs in which he has taken a
tremendous interest are’ just at critical
stages now that hfs doctors recognize
the fact that this impatience under
treatment is to be expected. They are
striving in every way they can to keep
Mr. Wilson perfectly calm.

While each bulletin that has come from
the White House for several days has
indicated the steady improvement of the
President under the “rest cure” treat-
ment prescribed by his physicians there
is still extreme anxiety here, and there
is as yet no thorough guarantee that
the President will continue his encour-
aging progress toward health without
any setbacks. The nature of his illness,
while it has not been specifically de-
| scribed by any of his physicians, is in
dicated by them to be such that all
danger is far from being passed,

However, in and about the White
House, there is a distinctly more choer-

 

ful tone apparent than was the case
when Dr. Grayson first called in the
with: him

j other physicians to consult
Dr. Grayson’s assurances to the Cabinet
yesterday are generally believed to have
prompted Mr. Lane to predict to-day
that the President might yet addresa
the industrial conference. This straw
one of the few available indications of
jthe real state of Mr. Wilson's health,
| was seized upon generally here to-day
;to indicate that the report on Mr. Wil-
son's condition made to the Cabinet
meeting was more encouraging than the

ever, will be in the star chamber ses- | that they may be on the spot and report | official bulletins have been.

sions of the group caucuses,

There is only one bridge to common
understanding left. The organization
adopted provides for a general commit-
tee of fifteen, five representatives of
each group, to which all resolutions or
other matters must be referred. Mem-
bers of this committee will rub elbows
and get the common viewpoint, and will
be in a position to report to their re-
spective groups the promptings for the
actions proposed by the various groups.

To Compromise Procedure.

 

As fixed the general procedure of the
conference, which to many delegates
seemed at first confused, is simply this.
Any delegate Can present a resolution
or other matter. Upon its presentation
it must be referred by the chair to the

 

|
eneral committee for action wit .| that of the Italian Government in deal- |
ee ment fo ing with the poet, which shows signs of |

bate. The committee is to bring in its
report, which ts in turn to be given to
|the three groups for action, before it
reaches the conference,

 

not cumbersome, it left the conference
late in the afternoon without business
and an adjournment was necessary,

} When the rules committee report was
| finally adopted with amendments, Chair-
jman Lane asked if there was any
(further business. There was nothing
| before the body. For minutes there was
; silence, It was then suggested that

Continued on Third Page

 

 

 

ARTSHORNE, FALES
# Y. Stock Exchange, 71 Broadway.—Adv,

6

While this procedure is regarded as|

| whether or
| Carrying out the orders of the Allies.
| This is far different from a joint com-
| mission to have charge of the evacuation,
jin which the Allies would share the re-
| sponsibility with Germany.

Germany Alone Responsible.

The point the Allies make ts that
; Germany is responsible for Von der
, Goltz’s army.
| Sreat importance is that from the view-

| point of the Supreme Council the whole |

}question of German militariem is tn-
| volved in {t, a question which must be
| settled immediately.

Field Marshal von der Goltz's position |

} 1s much the same as that of Capt. d'An-
| nunglo, and the attitude of the German
| Government toward it parallels closely

| exhausting the patience of the Allies, as
was demonstrated by the communication
which the British Government has just
} made to the Italians

Reports from Germany indicate that
Von der Goltz is becoming as popular
ifn Germany as D’Annunzio is with the
'Italians, From what was said to-day
it ig likely that the Allies will send a
| stiffer reply, with a time limit attached,
‘on the expiration of which the economic
blockade will go Into effect

| Lonpon, Oct, 7.—The report that Gen.
von der Goltz, commander of the Ger-
man forces in the Baltic provinces, has
joined the Russian Bolshevik forces with

& ©0., Members| ''!8 staff is denied in a German Govern-

‘men: wireless message received here.

What gives the matter,

not Germany actually is |

Wilson's Daughters Depart.

Mrs. Willlam G. McAdoo and Mrs
Francis B. Sayre, daughters of the
| President, who were called to the White
House last week, departed for their
homes to-day after consultations with
the physicians attending their father,

Messages from all parts of the world
continued to arrive at the White House
to-day. President Porras of Panama
gent the following:

With greatest pleasure we see by
to-day's cable ubout the improvement
in your health. We crave it will be
a turning for the best.

President d'Artiguenave of Hayti sent
| this message:

{ With most eéincere wishee for
speedy recovery, I send to his Ex-
cellency, the President of the United
States, sentiments of the genuine
sympathy in which the Government

} and people of Hayti heartfully join

| Gustave Ador, president of the Swiss

Federation, sent a message reading:

| The Swiss Federal Council, truly

|} grieved to hear of your illness, bege

| you to accept its wishes of a speedy
and full recovery.

|

 

| Fire Desirovys Guano Piant.
PALTIMORE, Md., Oct. 7.—The plant of
the Standard Guano Company at Curtis
| Bay, a suburb, was partially destroyed
iby fire of undeterminad origin to-day and
two negro workmen lost their liven An
official of the company estimated tae
loss at $1,500,006
P