~

WEATHER FORECAST.
Unsettled and colder to-day; to-mor-
row fair and colder.

Highest temperatur: ; lowe:
& Detailed weather ‘aan ee see %, 8%

—————£—=—==—[_———>—=<=£=_*_=***—*_**_*_ <<< *—— > _——oooOEES

LXXXVI.—NO. 169.

VOL.

 

 

 

+444

 

 

MISSING $42,000
FOUND ON YOUNG

ELOPING BRIDE:

“Happy” Johnson and For-
mer Miss Bessie Endner
Arrested Up State

 

MARRIED IN JERSEY

 

Daughter of Brooklyn Man
Said to Have Financed
Couple’s Trip.

PAYROLL GONE FROM SAFE

Bridegroom and Wife, Who
gave Ages as 19, Face
Serious Charges.

 

The runaway wedding trip of
“Happy” Johnson of 427 Seventh ave-
nue, Brooklyn, and his youthful bride
—who up to February 4 was Miss Bes-
ete Endner, who lived around the cor-
ner at 847 Fourteenth street—came to
a dismal end in Poughkeepsie yester-
day. Together with Willard Sutton,
18, of 1241 Thirteenth street, Brooklyn,
who was taken along as an “adviser,”
the couple were arrested there on
charges of grand larceny and burglary
brought by the young woman's father,
Alfred Martin Endner, a wealthy spar
manufacturer with a plant at the foot
of Beard street, Brooklyn.

Although Endner complained to the
Brooklyn police that his daughter had
financed the wedding trip by opening
the office safe during his absence and
taking $3,000, her sister Anna told Mrs.
William Johnson, “Happy'’s” grand-
mother, that $16,000 was missing. And
Bessie herself mentioned that amount
to the Poughkeepsie police, admitting,
according to statements made by them,
that she had used her knowledge of
the combination lock to possess her-
self of it. The money was for the
weekly payroll at the Endner estab-
lishment. :

In addition to the closed motor car
Which the runaway palr bought in
Oneonta, N. Y., for $2,350 and had with
them when arrested, the Poughkeepsie
police found $12,000 in cash in the
bride’s hand bags—two packages of
$6,000 each, done up in paper and tucked
away in sep’ grips. As #66h as the
pews of their capture was flashed into
Brooklyn Police Headquarters Detectives
Croak and Carbery started to bring the
trio back home, Mr. Endner making the
trip with them.

Gave Their Ages as 19.

Although Endner told the police his
daughter was only 15 years and
Johnson but 17 the two declared when
they were arrested that they were 19.
The girl, who is @n attractive bionde
bout five feet four inches tall, wore an
expensive fur coat and told her captors
that she and her husband, whose Chris-
(ian name is Willlam, had been married
by a justice of the peace in Jersey City
lebruary 4, the same day she took the

oney from her father's safe. William
was poor, she explained, and there
reemed to be no other way for them to
marry.

She sald young Sutton was an inti-
mate friend and that he went along to
give them the benefit of his advice in
ony emergency that might arise. When
the crisis developed in Poughkeepsie
yesterday, however, he failed to rise
to the occasion.

After the ceremony the wedding party
rent to Oneonta, arriving February 6
eod registering at the Windsor Hotel.
girl rented a safe deposit box at
the Citizens National Bank, paying for
‘t for two years in advance, and bought
coupe of the Francis Motor Sales
Company, paying the purchase price in

Johnson and Bessie called upon the
foriner’s uncle, Edward Johnson, last
Sunday and spent the afternoon in his
home. William introduced the young
woman ag his wife. As soon as they left
Edward wrote his nephew's grand-
varents in Brooklyn of their visit and
he latter at once communicated with
Endners, who, in turn, told the

tia
lice
From Oneonta the trio motored to Al-
dany aid then on down the river, reach-
18 Poughkeepsie list Wednesday, Both
Jolnson and Sutton were clothed from
own to toe in new outfits which had
;fen bought fcr them by the young
voman

‘harles J. McCabe, the Poughkeepsie
chief of police, said that he acted in
“esponse to a telegram sent from Al-
tany by Detective J. D, McFarland of
‘ne Brooklyn bureau, who had been traltl-
ig the trio.

0

Wanted Another Wedding.

\fter arriving in Poughkeepsie Will-
and Bessie dropped around to see

Edward A. Conger, ihe Clty Judge, whom |

they asked for a marriage license. The
a'r) explained that although she had
« wedding ring and a ceremony had
heen performed by a justice of the peace,
ide wanted to go through with another
ene before an ordained minister in New
\ork State so that It would be “binding
frd regular." She said she had no mar.
rage certificate, Judge Conger refused

» Issue the Hicense upon the ground
tiat they were not residents
After that Johnson sought a pistol

ermit

from Sheriff Elmer J. Coklin.
tald his party had been held up by
highwayman while motoring through

ren

‘*laware county and that he wanted
t: be able to protect himself in case of
«& similar occurence in the future.

At the Endner home in Brooklyn yes- |
terday admittance was denied to re-|
porters Telephone calls brought re-

éponses from a young woman who said

616 wae Miss Bessie Endner and who de- |
knowing a person named William |
nson or any knowledge of an elope- |

nied
rentor theft at the Endner plant

\t the Seventh avenue address, how-
ever, Johnson's grandfather euld the lad
hed taken his overcoat the night of

»
eek arr eonem

b Continued on Wighth Page.

 

New York Suggested
as Capital of League

Ry the Associated Press.
PARIS, Feb. 15.—Speculation
already is at work as to the
seat of the secretariat of the new
League of Nations. provided for
by Article V. New York has been
suggested so that President Wil-

~ GERMAN LANDS

I New Foreign Minister Also
Asks Plebiscite in Al-
sace-Lorraine.

son could direct the first admin-
istrative work, but its distance
from the other capitals seems an
insuperable obstacle.

x e e as a seat meets
with opposition from the French
ress, which is not satisfied with

| olland’s role in the war. Brus-

 

OULD KEEP UP ARMY

|

|

|

|

|
sels seems the most acceptable |
proposal yet made, in the eyes of ||
| the French press.
|

 

Ww
Nasa Willing to Reduce Military
Forces on Condition That

HUGH WALLACE | "Fane tonto
ENVOY TO PARIS IS AGAINST INDEMNITIES/ DOCTRINE ISSUE

| , vi Congressmen Talk of Breach of
Insists on Equal Rights im) Faith in Wilson’s Omission
Control] and Products of the to Advise Them First
Tropical Colonies. Ms

fey mee Special Despatch to Tum 80x.
BASEL, Feb. 15—The armistice) WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.—The League
DECISION MADE AT SE A; has been extended indefinitely, accord-|°f Nations’ constitution has hardly

 

 

 

Independence Seen by Some
Who Offer Comment.

 

President Nominates Tacoma
| Man as Successor to Am-
bassador Sharp.

 

 

ing to a Treves despatch to the Haves been received by the United States |

 

Agency. The Germans are required Senate with what might be termed
to cease their offensive against the UT!versal cordiality. Just as on yes-
Poles and carry out the previous | Tay again to-day several leading
terms of armistice until completed. statesmen of both parties insist upon
withholding comment until! the matter
Basa, Feb. 15.—rn an address on/is squarely before the Senate either in
aerate foreign policy delivered y®® | the form of a resolution to express the
Py isan tthe Amc Pr | ory, fee a Aca SBDPOVA! of that Doty or treaty wu
On Boarp THE S. S. Grorce WAS8H- | the Foreign Secretary, condemned the al> rs to reunoRnen. But on the other
tNaTON, Feb. 15.—President Wilson has | ieged French plan to join the Saar coal | and several Senators ranking high in
‘nominated Hugh C. Wallace of Ta-/ fields to Alsace-Lorraine, and compared |the councils of both parties expressed
coma, Wash., Ambassador to France, |!t “to the old German expansionist aims | themselves to-day, some in praise and
to fill the vacancy caused by the resig- ‘upon the Longwy and Frtey basins.” some in criticism of the measure.
nation of William Graves Sharp. fe geek A undesirable ae Ger- | Partisanship, of course, played some
This was the first official act of the | ns "Vieuunices ete Tene, |e in the comment on the constitu-
President on his homeward journey. | mies, adding : “ ition. Nearly all the Democrats who
It is expected that the President will; “The Peace Conference will have the would talk at all had something nice to
select a successor to Thomas W./|task of creating guarantees which will ,“4Y about the document. The Repub-
| Gregory in the Attorney-Generalship| have the effect of making such a state licans, for the most part, were indis-
of the United States before the George | Of things appear nonsensical, but letno posed to admit that the constitution
was satisfactory or even worth while.

| Washington reaches home waters. jone try to snatch from us portions of
One thing stood out definitely in the

our rational territory which we regard |
|comment of all those who criticised the

Is Also Expected to Name New
Attorney-General While
on the Voyage.

 

 

 

Wasninctow, Feb. 15,—The wireless | &8 of vital importance.
“Moreover Germany cannot enter a

despatch to-night from the George Wash- i
ington was the first public intimation| League of Nations without colonies. ie sec sae + lars
that Hugh C. Wallace had beem selected |W approve the plan of international jeron this consitution

Ambassador to/ Control over tropical colonies on the enter into a peace treaty in which
France. It is understood that officials condition that all the colonial Powers |there is disclosed a similar tendency
knew the appointment was probable, but | #/8o submit to this proposal and that |toward the relinquishment of nation-
Mr. Wallace's name never was men-| Germany receive her approximate por- jality and the substitution of interna-
| tioned during all of the speculation as! on of colonial products. tonaliem for Americanism such a
to Ambassador Sharp's successor, In| “On the other hand we must expect tO | measure will not be ratified in the
| some quarters it had been accepted as |lose some valuable portiona of our na- | aenate ‘
| certain that Vance McCormick, formerly | tional territory, I refer to Alsace-Lor- ‘
chairman of the Democratic National |T#!7e. Violence is now being done to
Committee, would be named. the rights of the present population of
| Mr. Wallace, who spends much of See aoe the Free ttsons
‘time here, is a close friend of President | ‘cupation regard the country as
Wilson and often has participated tn | AeGinitely conquered and are driving out
confidential conferences at the White | °F ®tTesting all those elements tn whom
House. Soon after thts country en. | they see an obstacle to their imperial-
“aon by | istic designs. They also are suppress-
; Ash by {
ore eaetaee bie ee ed eer act oe the rights of the people to use their /of the Senate to dine at the White
tt is known that the President has the | (Wn language by forcing them to adopt | House on the night of February 26, at
sridaat Teabisnce in his judgment and the French tongue. | which time he would discuss with them

> seriatim the various articles of the pro-
Sia SE i ene ESAS ERS SP WHE Rosiat Demeobdiliaation. posed world confederation, and that
cate matters.

| ‘rom the fact that the Peace Con-| meanwhile he earnestly requested Sena-
Except as a member of the Demo- | ference has come to no definite conclu-|tors would refrain from discussion of
cratic National Committee and an activé| sion regarding the fate of Alsace-Lor- | the Lezgue of Nations in thelr debates.
worker in a number of Presidential cam- | raine, we draw the conclusion that we! ‘he principal occasion for the fre o
paigns Mr. Wallace has not taken an

are competent to intervene in favor Of litte aaathatarn was not 80 much the re-
active hand in politics. The only public
office he ever held was Receiver of Pub- |

its rights so that its voice may be heard |
lic Moneys for Utah by appointment of

by President Wilson as

Ire Over White House Dinner.

There was indignation expressed on
(all sides when word was transmitted
| from the press galiery to the Senate floor
that President Wilson had invited the
| Fereign Affairs Committee of the House
(and the Foreign Relations Committee

In the determination of its destiny.” [quest for silence as the fact that the
e | in the same breath

The Foreign Minister said he had reo- | President almost
be known that he would make

 

sisted and would continue to resist al-;!ct It
President Cleveland, 1885-86. He was a|tieq attempts to make Germany demo. | two speeches between the time of his
delegate at large from the State of! pitize all her military forces, The task |arrival at Boston next week and his

Warhington to the Baltimore onvention | of the German nation as regards for- | Congressional dinner party.
which nominated President Wilson, and; efgn affairs might be summed up under| ‘The first immediate effect of the re-
since has been one of the President's;two heads, added the Foreign Secre-| .int of the text of the League of Na-

q { tary, of which the first was the endin ;
meant oncent supporto of Lexington, | of the state of war and the second the | Hons cOustitution has — to cited
Mo., celebrated his fifty-sixth birthday | establishment of normal relations with | #8ain the determination of Congress to
this week. His wife is a daughter of | other peoples. | have its own representatives in France
| the late Chief Justice Melville W. Fuller “Unfortunately,” he continued, in close touch with the deliberations of
of the Supreme Court, and for a number | many’s volunisry disarmament has not| the Peace Conference, The suggestion

“Ger-

 

 

 

 

 

t

of years they have maintained homes softened our enemies, who recently at-| now is that a member of the Senate For-

| Bere and in Tacoma, Wash. sesatae : ere - Wid cna of dis-/| eign Relations Committee and a mem-
armament, questions undoubtedly apper- | h Affairs Committee go
| telping to the Peace Conference. I have | ee ans sessions of the -

GERMANS DENY BEING BEATEN. | repulsed and will continua to repulse | ° ie entary conference

| ; the a = ‘

Sharp French Retort to Tqsiane| . military forces and | iiy is due to what is regarded as a

the substitution of new _ republican
troops for our ol. peace army, which
could be used tn the East. |

“Germany has shouldered the conse- |

| breach of fa!th by the President in keep-
ing Congress completely in the dark
while the constitution of the proposed
world league was being prepared and
ther giving it out to the entire world in
completed form. Congress members re-

ation to Armistice Commission.

| Amergrpam, Feb. 15.—A note con-
taining an insinuation that the occupa- |
tion of German territory was not | - color bn8 is determined to

{itary superiority was handed in | > conditions agreed upon with
to m = her adversaries, These conditions imply } pan aM
recently to the Allied Armistice Com- | the complete renunciation of the political jcall the assurance given thom y the
| mission by the German delegates, ac-| aims of the old Germany. We are ready es _ ~ eo a bey oreent
cording to the Cologne Zeitung, and is | to accept restrictions upon our sover- ee tes Be ep Be ans 50, ect
said to have drawn a very sharp retort

eignty, the compulsory submission of our = ;
on behalf of Marehal Foch at the meet- | differences with other States to an In- | avery davelepment

| ing of the Armistice Commission on | ternational court of arbitration, and th. |

 

 

 

Monroe Doctrine tn Balance,

| February 7. | renunciation of our armament !f our old

| A French General, acting under in- | adversaries and future neighbors submit Relinquishment of the necessary de-
| structions from Marshal Foch, the/|to the same restrictions gree of nationalism for the preservation
| newspaper adds, refused to make an of Amerioa's national integrity and sov-

New Commercial Plans. jereignty and the extinction for all time

“Our adversaries owe their victory in|of the Monroe Doctrine were the vital
large measure to a war not military, | points of criticism advanced by the Sena-
!'merstein, the leading German military | but economic. It follows therefore that) tors who were willing to be interviewed
| delegate, postponed a statement in the | the final peace must not only be a polit-/on the merits of the document In ques-
;matter until the receipt of instructions | ical peace, but to a large measure an | tion.
|from the German Government. | economic peace. We hope therefore that It was a noticeable thing that neither

f ee eee | the decision of the Paris economic con- | Republican Leader Lodge (Mass.) nor
ference will be abandoned. Any differ-| Democratic Leader Martin (Va.)
|PACIFIC SHIP WORKERS QUIT. | ential treatment, even of a temporary! vanced any views whatever on the sub-
ee - }nature, of Germany in the domain of| ject of the league. Also among those
Metal Men Threaten to Tie Up San | commerce and transport would not be| who sat silent, refusing to discuss the
Francisco Bay Yards, | acceptable to us.” sa
The Foreign Minister added that the Continued on Seventh Page

San Francisco, Feb. 15.—Prospects| Germans needed to revise their notions!
of a general cesation of shipbutlding in| regarding German commercial policy, er ee ee
! the San Francisco Bay region loomed} which, he sald, had been associated with Thanks Smoke Fund
again to-day when the Boller Makers/ narrow and bureaucratic views in the
lunion of Oakland arnounced an imme-| Foreign Ministry. He said it was his After Long Delay
‘diate strike and a oma ercup of strik| intention to introduce experienced busi- |
ing San Francisco boiler makers failed| ness men into the Ministry. Freedom
ton compromise wage difficulties with | of trade, the Minister said, had freedom RIVATE A. MARTIN of Com-
| omployers. of the seas as Its essential condition, and pany H, Thirteenth Marines,

‘A demand of the employers that the!as far as Germeny was concerned this|| explains that he has been in

1,000 striking masehiniste here peters to| point in the programme of President | hospital. ‘Am just out and now

| work and that the whole unton cease} Wilson was of the highest importance. i

Soa the oer a alae ak tans | An weanling be Leas Geena | oe gaaual as een bound sor

dismissal from all shipyards and con-| and the reunion of Germany and Austria || “De tates. Pp @ anti-

\tract shops will become effective Mon-/the Foreign Minister sald: cigarette league we boys. who
have been wounded do really get
good out of a smoke. I received
ackage of tobacco through

HE SUN Tobacco Fund in

day. | “If we now find each other again we

| Se eae {shail be only correcting the mistakes
made at thn time the empire was
ENGLAN D’S BILL $1,250,000,000. | erence The peace conference assuredly |

emai | will not refuse its sanction to the rectt- | July. while at the front and beg

pardon for delaying the ac-

knowledgment till now.”
Several more letters from sol-
diers in hospital who have shared

Damage | fication of this mistake of the past, |
| Henceforth we must protest against any |
the cheer of the smoke fund may
be read on page 1, section 4,

violence being done to Germans and to,

Austrians who are, so to speak, our fel- |
low courtrymen.”
WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors,

|examined only if {t was presented in a

‘answer to the note and said it would be |
imore courteous form, Gen. von Baza. |

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
   
  
    
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
     
   

 

 

Committee Tells Actual
| Done by Germany,

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.
Copyright, 1913; all rigAts reserved.
| Lonpon, Feb. 15.-—-The actual damage
sustained by Great Britain from Ger-
many’s aggressions, it i learned from
an authoritative source, has been as-

 

 

| New Foes for Bolsheviki, |
|

WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.—-Cffictal des-
patches received to-day at the State De-
! sessed by the British Reparation Com-| partment sald representatives of Lithua-
! mittee at $1,.250,000,000, nia and Slovania (Esthonia?) at the re-
| ‘This represents vessels torpedoed andi cent conferences at

depredations by Zeppelins, airplanes and’ to take speedy
| German cruiser: The vessels lost prob-| formution of a
jou will be made up In kind,

 

Stockholm agreed
measures toward the
common military front
Legation the Russian Bolsheviki.

 

SENATORS WARY WILSON AT SBA,
ONLEAGUEPLAN| BOSTON BOUND

Danger of Loss of American | President, on Board the George

ad-|

 

 

WARNS ENTENTE PRESIDENT SEES PE

-_—————

Washington, Arranges
| Programme.

FIRST SPEECH AT HUB

 

 

Little Ceremony Marks His
Leave Taking From Em-
barkation Port.

By Wireless to tha Associated Press.

On Boarp THe 8. 8S. Grorcz WASHING- |
Ton, Feb. 15.—President Wilson spent
the first day of his homeward trip in
resting from the strenuous exertions
which marked his last few days in
Paris. The President despatched tele-
grams arranging for brief ceremonies
in connection with the speech which
he expects to make in Boston on/|
February 24.

   
   
      
   
   
      
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
        
       
    

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, d FEBRUARY 16, 1910, a-cepyreen, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

 

 

 

en ee

 

 

PAGES.

 

74 PRICE

 

Wilson Invites Congre

Members of the Senate and House

follows:

mittee.

sentative of the world. Besides
Portugal, actively participated in
in the drafting of this constitution.

“Each article wis

reason for the phraseology and su

 

The transport is heading for the
southern route in fair weather. The
escorting French warships signalled

‘farewell soon after leaving Brest, and
the United States dreadnought
Mexico and several destroyers will be
the escort of the George Washington
until the Azores are reached. At the
Azores the ship will be met by numer.
ous American destroyers and convoyed
home.

Despite the hard work which he will
engage in during his brief stay in the
United States the President already is
planning to begin his return journey
to France immediately after the ad-
journment of Congress.

PRESIDENT SAILS
FOR HOME PORT

Guns Salute Wilson as He
Bids Good-by.

Baker, Feb. 15.—President Wilson left
Brest on his return to the United States
on board the George Washington at
11:16 o'clock this morning.

When President Wilson departed it
was announced he would make an ad-
dress, which would cover the work per-
formed at the Peace Conference, on his

| arrival in Boston. It waa said that it,
was most probable that the President
would make another apeech before finally
returning to Washimgton.

 

 

Bids Farewell to France,

Before his departure President Wilson
issued this farewell message to the
French people:

T cannot leave France without ex-
pressing my profound sense of the
great hospitality of the French peo-
ple and the French Government. They
have received and treated me as I
most desired to be treated, as a friend,
a friend alike In spirit and in purpose.
I am happy to say that I am to re-
turn to assist with all my heart In
completing the just settlements which
the Peace Conference is seeking and
I shall carry with me during my ab-
sence very happy memories of the two
months IT have spent here.

I have been privileged to see here
at first hand what my sympathies
have already conceitved—the sufferings
and problems of France—-and every
day has deepened my interest tn the
solution of the grave questions upon
whose proper solution the future pros-
' perity of France and her associates
| and the whole world depend. May I

not leave my warm and affectionate
farewell greetings?

Salute the Only Ceremony.

The President arrived in Brest from
Paris at 10:30 o'clock and went direct
to the dock, where he embarked on a
French gunboat, which took him and
hig party to the George Washington

The President was received at the
Brest arsenal by Admiral Moreau of the
French navy, Gen. Helmick, the mill-
tary commander of Brest; Charles M.
'Schwab and civil officiais. There was
'no ceremony except for handshaking and
la salute of twenty-one guns, which
thundered forth as soon as the Presi-
dent embarked on the gunboat.

From the rallroad siding to the dock
| were drawn up a battalion of American
soldiers and a French marine band
played ‘The Star Spangled Banner” as
the gunboat left its moorings, All the}
ships in the harbor displayed the
American flag and all traffic was sus-
pended while the President's party was
transferred to the George Washington.

 

 

 

F. D. Roosevelt Also Coming.

A French naval escort, consisting of
the cruise: Conde and several torpedo
boats, acted as a guard of honor for the
George Washington, This escort with
the American battleship New Mexico
will escort the President out to sea and
then return. The Nbw Mexico was ac-
companied by four American torpedo
boats. Georges Leygues, the French
Minister of Marine, and Andre Tardieu,
French High Commissioner to the United
States, accompanied the
board the George Washington to bid him |

President on}
good-by.
Franklin D. Roosevelt, American As-|
sistant Secretary of the Navy, arrived in!
| Brest shortly before the President board- |
,}ed the George Washington, and was
taken aboard the liner on special naval
craft. The weather was misty and
cloudy with a moderate temperature.
When the President alighted from the
train he was emiling. He shook hands
with Admiral Moreau, Gen. Helmick,
Admiral Halstead and Mr. Schwab. The
President talked for a few minutes with

 

 

Mr. Schwab. Mra, Wileon smiled as she |

followed the President and recelved; M, Oustrougoff, Minister of Communlt-
from M. Teygues a handsome bouquet of! cations in the Omsk Government, also
flowers. Mrs. Josephine Lewis of Cin-|is coming, for the alleged purpose of |
cinnat! presented the President with ajassisting in the railway conferences
bouquet of violets, which he accepted] which, despite the strong representa. |
with a bow. tiong of the Government officials in fayor
After exchanging erecetings the Presi-!of Omsk. will he held here after ratifi-
— cation of the Bei lt plan of cooperation

Continued on Second lage,

os

|to send delegates to the Princes Islands

   
     

States as my engagements permit.”

READY TO DROP
RUSSIAN PLAN

Indications
Will Not Be Held on
Prinkipo Island.

Are Conference

NEW SCHEME PROPOSED

Offered by Winston Churchill,
but Americans Are Not
Favorable to It.

 

Special Wirelexe Despatch to Tue Bus.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

Paris, Feb. 15.—Indications to-night
are that the Allies are on the verge
of abandoning the plan for a confer-
ence of all the Russian factions on
Prinkipo Island, near Constantinople.
The meeting of the Supreme Council
of the Peace Conference here to-day
was attended by Col. E. M. House, who
fe representing President Wilson, and
Gen. Tasker H. Bliss, both of whom
showed pessimism in discussing the
Russian situation.

Interest is centred in a new plan
presented by Winston Churchill, who
believes it will settle the problem. Ap-
parently the Council, including the
Americans. are not enthusiastic about
it, but they have agreed to take it
up Monday.

An effort is being made té show that
the President is not the author of the
Prinkipo plan, which Col. House and
Gen. Bliss always have opposed. It is
insisted now that the President adopted
the suggestion of Premier Lioyd George,
which strengthens the impression that
the abandonment of the plan Is near.
The danger is that the Allles will be left
without any Russian policy.

The American mission is flooded with
cable messages and resolutions from
America demanding the withdrawal of
troops from Russia, and admittedly
this complicates the situation.

Paris, Feb. 15.—The Supreme Council
at its meeting this afternoon began ex-
amination of the Russian question, ac-
cording to an official announcement. The
council also heard delegates of the Ad-

ministrative Council of Lebanon, Asia
Minor.

By the Associated Presa
Omsk, Feb. 10 (delayed).—The readi-
ness of the Ruasian Soviet Government

conference is an attempt to repeat the

Brest-Litovsk conference with the Cen-
tral Powers, according to a statement
issued by the Foreign Ministry of the
Omsk Government, ‘The statement says
that the Holshevik! again “offer to
sell the country for the benefit of

themselves."

There has been no official statement
ag to the attitude of the Omsk Govern-
ment concerning the meeting, but an
official reply probably will be made in
a few days, Socialist and non-Social-
ist leaders and representatives of the
cooperative associations are preparing a
protest against the meeting

 

TO MOVE EASTWARD

[Reports Mention Vladivostok

or Chita as Future Seat.

By tha Associated Press.

VianivostoK, Feb. 11 (delayed)
There is a persistent rumor that the
Omsk Government contemplates moving
to the eastward and will establish its
seat either at Chita or Viadivostok.
While this rumor lacks confirmation, it
iy pointed out as a possjble substantia-
tion that British Commissioner Elliott

and French Commissioner KRegnault are
en route to Viadivostok

}
by the Peace Conference,

4

to Examine Draft With Him on Feb. 26

WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.—President Wilson cabled a request to-day

to the Foreign Relations Committees of Congress to defer debate
on the constitution of the proposed League of Nations until he had an
opportunity to go over it “article by article’ with the members.

Housg on February 26, the day after the President is expected to
land at Boston. The President's message, dated Paris, February 14,

“Last night the committee of the conference charged with the
duty of drafting a constitution for a League of Nations concluded
its work and this afternoon, before leaving for the United States, it is to
be my privilege and duty to read to a plenary session of the con-
ference the text of the twenty-six articles agreed upon by the com-

“The committee which drafted these articles was fairly repre-

States, Great Britain, France, Italy and Japan, representatives of Bel-
gium, Serbia, China, Greece, Rumania, Czecho-Slovakia, Poland, Brazil,

passed only after the most careful examina-
tion by each member of the committee.

that I be permitted to go over with you article by article the con-
stitution before this part of the work of the conference is made the
subject of debate of Congress. With this in view I request that you
dine with me at the White House as soon after I arrive in the United

ss Committees

Committees will dine at the White

the representatives of the United
the debate and assisted materially

There {s a good and sufficient
bstance of each article. I request

BELGIUM'S RAIL
DAMAGE BILLION

Commission Put This Estimate
on Destruction of Lines
and Bridges.

 

 

FOE RUINED 690 MILES

Supreme Council Names S§pe-
cial Commission to Adjudge
Belgian Loages.

 

Paris, Feb. 15.—The Supreme Coun-
cll to-day appointed a special commit-
tee to study the claims of Belgium for
an indemnity. The Amertcan mem-
bers of the committee are Charles H.
Haskins and Col. S. D. Embick.

The Belgian commission which is in-
vestigating the damage done by the
Germans to railroads in occupied ter-
ritory, while it has not yet finished its
work, is in a position to give interest-
ing figures relative to the destruction
caused by the Germans.

Done Mostly in 1918,

The figures show that nearly 690 miles
of railroad tracks were destroyed and
nearly 260 miles made useless out of a
total mileage of approximately $600
in Belgium. These destructions mostly
were in the Mons coal valley tn the
region of Tourmal and around Ghent,
Bruges, Ostend and Courtral.

Seventy per cent. of the destruction
was carried out during the period from
the start of the Belgian offensive on
September 28, 1918, and the signing of
the armistice.

The Germans appropriated 2,614 loco-
motives out of a total of 4,534, or about
57 per cent.; 9,062 passenger coaches,
out of a total of 10,812, or 93 per cent.,
and 80,568 freight cars, out of a total of
94,787, or 86 per cent.

The block signal system in Belgium
was destroyed and rephaced by a Ger-
man system with which the Belgian loco-
motive engineers are not acquainted. It
will have to be removed and the Belgian
system again installed The commis-
Sion is not able to make public yet the
number of bridges or stations deatroved

All the bridges leading in and out of
Ostend and Bruges hive been destroyed
and virtually all in West Flanders, as
well as those over the Meuse at Liege,
Namur, Huy, Dinant and Enseremme.
Bight bridges over the Ghent-Terneugen
Canal were blown up

Rall Damages Immense,
Two of the bridges, at Salzaete, near
the Dutch frontier, weighed 3,000,000

pounds each. It is estimated by the
Commission that more than 100,000,000
pounds of steel will be required to re-
bulld the bridges in Flanders alone.

The Commission estimates the damage
to railroad material, tracks, bridges and
other equipment at more than $1,000
000,000

The Peace Conference Commission on
Reparations continued to-day its exam-
| ination the principles upon which

iests the right to reparation. The com-
mittee heard Baron van den Heuvel for
Telgfum, M. Stoyanowitch for Serbia and
l‘inance Minister Klotz for France.

| France is faced with a most formida-
ble ‘task in reconstructing the Mnportant
{coal and industrial districts ot “he De-
'

a

of

 

 

j partment of the Nord and the Tx? de
\Calais, and {t will cost $15,000,000,000,
necording to a statement made to the
French Senate by Louls Loucheur, Min-
ister of Industrial Reconstruction The
| Germans destroyed 141 coal pits The
|French, he said, might bs able to pro-
jduce 8,000 tons daily by the end of
1919 instead of 75,000 tons, the output
i before the war. Kepairs will cost more
l than $400,000,000 and cannot be ac-
complished in less than ten years
' The factories in the district have n
jraw material and e nery s
Theen destraved ar ir Wa t
jay a

evel ' a vary bo
bring buch Ue ddcuuery

A

 

me ee

  

 

renee

FIVE CENTS { Nw'Ton.

New York,

 

 

RIL AHEAD FOR LEAGUE;
AGAINST SEIZING) FRANCE NOT WON ON SEVERAL VITAL POINTS;
WILSON ASKS CONGRESS TO DEFER DEBATE

Covenant Falls Far Short
of Results President
| Hoped For.

| VIEWS IT AS A STARTER

Though Admittedly Weak
Makes Great Change in
American Policies.

 

 

STRAIN SHOWS ON WILSON

His Face Deeply Furrowed as
Consequence of Mental and
Physical Fatigue.

By LAURENCE HIULLs.
Staff Correspondent of THe BUN.
| CopyrigAt, 1919; all rights reserved.
| Pants, Feb. 15.—President Wilson
gave the impression to those with
whom he talked here and in Brest
before he sailed for Boston to-day
that he has no {fusions in regard to
the League of Nations covenant
which fs now before the Peace Con-
gress, and indeed before the whole
world for discussion and criticism.
He does not believe that the lengue
in {ts finished form is an accom-
plished fact, or that !ts path in the
future will not be beset with perils

The President gives the impression
of a man euffering from considerable
mental and physical weariness. When
be read the covenant of the League
of Nations to the plenary session of
the Peace Congress yesterday he was
quite different from the fresh, vigor-
ous man who landed at Brest in De-
cember; his face has become heavily
furrowed and there are tired lina
everywhere,

 

Toleration Plank Rejected,

There te the highest authority for
saying that the President is not en-
tirely satisfied with the league cov-
enant as it stands, but he regards it
as the best obtainable at this time.
It is known that he is @fsappointe
greatly by the failure of the league
to guarantee religious tolerance. He
made a hard fight for this, but the
discussion revealed so many racial
antipathies that it was seen to be
useless to press the point.

The President also admitted to his
friends that he has been unable in
all these weeks to change the French
| viewpoint. Premier Clemenceau re-
mains unconvinced that the league
will afford France suffictent protec
tion and security. While the position

of a nation outside of the league
would be intolerable, France could
hold up and possibly defeat the

league plan, although President W1)-
son is of the opinion that eventually
she will accept It.

 

France Alone in Non-acceptance.

 

France appears ro be the only one
of the five Powers which does not
accept the constitution of the league
as announced yesterday. Article XVI
(measures to be taken in case the
covenant should be broken) the
crux of the league, but even the Presi-
dent admits that this rests only on
the good faith of the nations. This
must necessarily be the case so long
as no superstate or superforce
created, but good faith, the Presi-
dent belleves, will be amply sufficient.

Weak as this Article XVI. has been

Is

is

made, nevertheless it means a revolu
; tlonary change in American policy if
ratified. The {fsolation to which the
| United States has clung so tena-
| clously would become a thing of the
|past and America would take a
prominent place in the world alliance,
taking an effective interest in the
troubles of other continents to a de-
gree never before known. Even in-
tercourse between her citizens and
those of the covennnt breaker would

| be stopped automatically.
{

Compelled to Compromise,

 

The article, however, although even
weaker than was supposed concern-
ing the use of military force and in
| leaving the members unpledged even

to consider the recommendation of
| the council, follows Gen. Jan Smuts'’s
plan, although it falls behind it in
the length of the moratorium or sus-
pension of action required. The Pres-
ident fought hard for this but was
compelled to compromise on three
months from the time the deeiston
(is rendered.

| This and the elimination of com-
|pulsory arbitration have given rise
jhere already to many misgivings as
| to the effectiveness of the leagne as a
‘war deterrent if any tremendous
lerisis actually arose The President
| feels, and many here agree with him,
ithat the league, if suecessful, un-
doubtedly would be strengthened

 

Vreedom of Seas a Memory.

The President pointed out
of ts friend day thn
the freedom oof tt Was a

govd joke ou himself, which he dis-

2

fo some

vost his point

as

 

 

 

a a LUN a SOS