7
t .
Sef) U0 ECB tA

 

 

 

 

NO. 78 ese ~NEW YORK, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1918—ownrom, ns ov

).
| | VOL, LXXXI—
| $ aoe

 

 

Refusing Information
to Whitman.

835.000, SAYS

 

MACK

MEDICAL SCHOOL

FOR

 

- - ome see ae — = i vocspaweroanar—e oo eo
CORNELL GETS [xs stmt zs v0 vets. FOWLER DECIDES 10
;John R. ;
mate of New York Man.
New Haven, Conn,, Nov. 16.--The body
of John FR. A, Lannom, member of the
sophomore class of Yale, was found on
y, ° Dango Dae F
‘ | 0 " Payne Gives Money; artment office on Elm street at 7 ont Risk Peril of Prison by
(ole) tt. A sa ? | o'clock this morning by a millanan, Lan. |
‘ ¥ nom’s neck was broken. He had been
Anonymously; Makes | gead several hear,
*8,000,000 Total. Scarbrough that Lannom = became ill
during the night and went to the window
to get a drink of water from a bottle! GOT
on the alll, During a spell he fell through
low, the examiner believes, . ’ f i
\ 1 I Th { Lannom roomed in Durfee Hall and! rhinks Inquiry Is Needed i
sures . nnwa ncome Of!has had for a roommate Edwin Stein | oon re? Ky .
In of New York. Stetn sald that at t, Sandbaggers Extorted
8750.000 in 1912.

£200,000—Can Increase
; Faculty.

USE MONEY

A. Landom Was Hoom- | .
j 5 sichteinbeesiesi
the brick wall in front of the Yale ticket
It was the opinion of Medical Examiner
the window to the walk thirty feet be-
o'clock this morning Lannom apparently .

was asleep. Lannon's classmates, who
were with him last night, said he ap-
peared to be in good health.

He was 19 years old and was the
HERE | Digsest man fn his ciass, standing 6 feet
;3 inches. His home was in Louisville,
Ky.
morrow. ithe complete story of his activities

The death of Adelbert Hay, son of the | the “bagman" of the Democratic State
late John Hay, Secretary of State, was | ¢ and
similar to that of Lannom, He had re-| committee in the campaigns of 1411 ane
tired to his room on the third floor of the | 1912. yo ss
New Haven House about midnight and} When Mr. Fowler gets through with his
bare found about two hours later lifeless disclosures the District Attorney expects
on the sidewalk under his window. In re ow y » scheme
President Jacob Gould Schurtnan of! poth instances the low sills made the fall | a ee ee War a aa ‘ vs
Cornell University announced last night | easily possible. ba which Seneca P, Hull of cx ee
f the victim to the extent of $250 in 1911,

» Ithaca that $4,350,000 had been given
but also a similar scheme that in the

jto the Cornell University medical school | it
‘PEER TELLS WHY HE ‘eampaign of 1912 extracted another $100
Mr. Hull. A

os an anonymous giver. Mr. Schurman
| from lot of circumstances

 

Fowler, indicted last Friday
on a charge of extortion, sent word to

District Attorney Whitman yesterday that

Everett P.

WILL

 

“as

tonor Big Standard Oil Man,
Who Tries to Shun
Limelight.

 

 

 

said he was not at liberty to disclose the
ame of the donor and that no official
announcement of it would be forthcoming.
it ig known that Col. Oliver H. Payne!
ef New York {s the donor. He was called |
us home, $52 Fifth avenue, last night |

“ o'clock, but it was said that Col.

  
  

bernatorial will be of ex-

traordinary interest,
‘ Norman E. Mack of Buffalo said last
Intolerance of Professed Chris-jnignt that only $35,000 was collected for

campaign

 

 

 

ne had gone to bed. Col. Payne had t
i a : alg 1911 and that if,
reviously v 4,000,000 to Cornell} {campaign purposes in
at chon i; cneeitn amounts tians and Mohammedan as has been alleged, $750,000 was col-
, q ere as a report in Ithaca three | lected, he would not ble. , the people

Sincerity Two Causes,

 

! for wondering what became of the money.
!Mr. Mack said that the amount collected
jin 1911 was accounted for by Treasurer
Special! Cable Despatch to Tar Sus | McLean in the report fled with the Sec-
LONDON, Nov. 16.—Haron Headley, who, [Pay of State.
| it was announced yesterday, had embraced The records in the office of the Secretary
‘the re'igion of Islam, said he has held the }of State show that Sen P. Hull's $250
| tenets of that faith for twenty Years, al- |e not accounted for. George H. Me-

| though he was never publicly identified | Guire has testified that he made seven

weeks ago that the medical school had
ec eived a gift of $4,000,000, Col. Payne's}
rye was coupled with this gift, but after
rumor had been printed trustees and

‘ale of the university denied that any
such gift had been made. The denial was
ne: the gift was not made until last
Peoiday, when President Schurman came
«) New York and received the gift from

 

 

   

 

 

. * j ¥ rear, Only thes
+o). Pasne, went back to Ithaca and made | with it. {collections in that year, Only one of ee
, . Iw as accounted for, The theory of the
+ simple announcement yesterday that “The tntolerance of professed Chris- | Ke Jot D sroceedings is that

; r oe roc ; if a
sich a gift had been received. President | tians,” he said, “is more than anything Sang . ee i Agi Hutcaacountad ror
‘ t { . . s1Y" . i - miu more one s O e or.

= jurman said later that he had nothing | else responsible for my secession You | Wie face. thal the, DINE LEO 18

to add to his statement. ; never hear Mohammedans speak of per- j

'
‘ } sons of another religion as we hear Chris-
Assares Income of $900,000. | tians talk of one another. They may be;
The gift wil] insure an annual income | sorry others do not hold to the Mohamme- j
| of about $200,000 for the medical school. | dan belief, but they do not condemn them j; . * ,
None of the money is to be used for new | 1. Cv artasting damnation | his determination to call Eugene D. Wood
' ! to the stand again and to hear what Will-

buildings, “The purity and simplicity of Moham-
sl . z > { ‘Yar } plicity Moham- | ; ai:
The income will be used ‘or runn ng | medanism, its freedom from dogma and | iam Sulzer has to say

a statement made ri reed is testirnony
xpenses, according to the Z : Be. | Sacerdotalism, its obvious truths, appeal | It will be recatled that in his te me
yesterday to THE Sun by a trustee, Moreover, the earnestness and sin- | Mv. McGuire said that on the morning

\ ‘ to me,
{ s xpenses it will provide | . 2 — . e tt!
Sua nesndae. aay and will allow | cerity of the Mohammedans is greater afte r he a ve ears dase ee
none money to get high grade men for | than anything I have seen among Chris- | peeves ra x:

feaching, The money wil be used onty|tians. The ordinary Christian dons re- | 9800 In Dilts.

 

anxiety to have George H. MeGuire’s full
story before calling other witnesses) [n
the Join Doe proceedings. It also explains

 
   
  
    

 

   
 
 
   

 
 
 
  

 

   

 

~Bh.- the medical school in New York city, | ligion on Sunday and discards it the rest } Ouly 6350, Saye Sulzer.
4d one of It going to the Ithaca branch of | of the week. The Mohammedan, on the Sulzer was prompt to say that the
| the medical department. ; contrary, does not distinguish one day ymount was only §850, Since then Mc-
i The present buildings of the schoo! are | from another, He is always thinking \Guire has talked privately with the Dis-
vie for the present enrolment, and be-, what he can do in Gad’s service triet Attorney and when the hearings
se of the strictness of the entrance tes Lord Headley still contends that he is a are resumed it Will probably appear that
crments it is not thought that the size Christian to the extent of believing toat) poth Methuire and Sulzer were correct
the classes will increase rapidly, The) Christ was an inspired teacher and that » difference is that Sulzer may have
mood juires for entrance either an) he is following his teachings. fotwotten that he met Mr. McGuire twice
\ B or three years work in centavos : me
re to pass examinations | IRISH PROBLE s i As the storys unfolds it appears that the
. Sat Ot ears work in collez+ M SOLVED. conference in Gey . x's office Albury
' - _ m oenenente n isd. ¢ nich Everett PP. Fowler ts
Col, Payne's support of the ¢ orne!ll Umie Home Rate's Operation in Siixiee a = fi = les ev oie lates
ty medical school dates oack to the Yexzed to hi !
¢ years ago, when a large part Will Be Postponed Some ‘earn, to colleet from hinhway contrac.
t faculty of the New verk Special Cable Despatch to Tum $1 not the only one of its kind
it) al sehoo) had differences LONDON, Nov. 17 The Tomes announces! Theve was a similar conference Syra-
Cha MaecCracken and broke this morning thet important developments | cuse and Meo Whituian is solu to calle
» some members of the in the home rule dispute are expected this) number of men Who are reported to have
York University counell, including | week Premier Asquith, tt says, is ready | attended it
( fin and Col, Payne, supported the to offer terms of setUlement to Bonar Liaw, | As Mr. Sulzer had just been nominated
uenibers of the medical faculty. leader of the Unionisiv, and the latter ig) and was much interested in his esinpaign

ready to consider them. the

The main proposal wilh be the offer of

called
attended a

ix to be
not he

and asked whether or

'
Other Gifts Total 84,000,000, | Syracuse sandbageing

Al the Cornell University medical @ new clause suspending the operation of ; conferen e.
| was established, Jargely through the bill in Ulster for a definite term of George HH. Metiuire said im his ‘M."
is furnished by Col. Payne, he con- | years, but not giving to Ulster the option | telegram to John A. Hennessy that when
i tus support. in 1898 he gave of accepting the new regime or refusing ; Fowler Went to Syracuse in “1%ll and

totalled

his gifts'to recognize it. The object seems to be! W412" to collect: from highway contrae-
who to satisfy the Nationalist ideal of a united | tore he made his headquarters i@ the ollice

that tine
A trustee

and since
$4,000 000,

 

 

 

His body will be taken there to-| he would be ready this morning to teil |

lcombine to indicate that the exposure of
BECAME AN ISLAMITE, «« scheme as worked in the last Gu-

after the 1912 graft ring makes plain his |

 

 

ROYAL ROW IS SERIOUS.
| Wife of Prince William of Sweden

Won't Return to Him.

'
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Svs.

| SrockHoumM, Nov. 16.—The official tel-

‘evraph agency announced to-day that

Princers Marie, wife of Prince William of

, Sweden, is still in Paris with her father,

‘Grand Duke Paul, and thet she has said

jshe will never return to her husband.
‘All efforts to Induce her to change her
‘mind have fatied.

The agency denies that the departure!
of the Princess was due to revelations in!

| the recent espionage affair in which the
Ktussian military attache was accused, and
jin which the Princess, who is a cousin of

‘the Czar, was suspected of being im-
plicated.
| It is announced that Prince William

| is about to leave on a hunting expedition
in Africa,

: COUNTESS LOSES TWO HANDBAGS.

{Former Gladys Vanderbilt Unlucky
Here and in Newport.

Tie Countess Szechenyi, who was Miss
Gladys Vanderbilt, has lost two hand-
bugs, one in New York and the other in
Newport. She is advertising for their
return in both cities.

The bag lost in New York Is valued at
| $1,000, It was lost on Wednesday after-
noon. The Countess, with her three chil-

 

 

 

 

 

tdren, arrived on the Imperator on October |

30. On Wednesday she took a taxicab
from the Hotel Vanderbilt, where she
has been stopping, and when she got

back to the hotel again, in the same taxi-

tcab, the bag was gone. She has adver-
‘ tised anonymously in the newspapers,
offering a reward of $200.

of the week and soon lost a gold mesh
bag. Posters drawing attention to the
loss have been placed about Newport and
the towns of Middletown and Portsmouth.

and Portuguese.
and is valued for association's sake, She
is offering a
turn of the second bag,

‘ARTIST MYSTERIOUSLY
SHOT WHILE IN PARK

 

|
;Watehman Sees Man Running
Away—May Have Been
Squirrel Hunter,

 

Raymond Burns, 27 vears old. an artist.

!

{

| and son of Edward Burns, secretary of the
| James H. Roberts Elevator Company
1430 West Broadway, was shot and badly
‘wounded yesterday afternoon while walk-

ing in Forest Park, three blocks from his!

| home, 681 Walnut street, Richmond Hill,
presumably by some one who wes hunting

squirrels with a pistol. The bullet
entered the young man's right side be-
tween the fifth and sixth ribs. He is in

St. Mary's Hospital, Jamaica

 

   

 

After working on a landse painting
all day Burns told his fan he was
mw vul to get a breath of Clad in

Pa mackinaw he left home and made
long detour throuegh Forest He
was ssing a footbridge ove: lang
Island Railhood when he felt a severe

   

saw blood und

 

 

on the
his mother a brother, Ed-
J

A month ago he was usher at the wed-
ding of Dr. Food, Cronin of Hillsilde ave-
nue, Riehmond Hill, and a niece of the Lite
HSishop botter ler. Cronin was) visiting
his wife's family in Westehester county
vesterday, but the Burnses got him on the
telephone and he made the trip to Rich-
mond Hill in his automobile in ao trifle
under forty-five minutes,
| He found his friend was badly hurt and
;took him to the hospital, Dr. Joseph L.

 

ward B

 

| Blake of New York will probe for the!

| bullet to-day.

 

 

  

, ri Selley Therefore . ndre chiing atchman at the rail-
to THe SuN last night laughed | Ireland while pacifying the Orangemen: © Willian Hl. Kelley Therefore the | Andrew Me HI, Ww atch nan : a :
} f ; syuaire, tv eros ring : o Te urns
e was asked whether the m by the grant of « considerable but limited | Vistriet: Attorney will eall Mr. Meduire, |} road crossing a block from where urn
; =i {Mr Fowler and Mr Kelley to learn: was shot, says he heard a fteport and a
1d been carsicd by the untversity | perlod of grace, ° ran 4 ett Rater ae Aeon : ¢ ; : at an wit
irge annual logs, and said dt had! The Times adds that the Government whet ler Or ne wy attended any con- minute later noticed wo young ur iim
: ference at whieh it was decided to copy up on the trachs from the direction of
at Whenever money wes needed by , contemplates additional taxation in’ Eng- ; 4 j ;
. : SA the campaign tactics of 1911) for the! the footbridge aud go toward the R
vol it was forthcoming from Col, }land and Scodund for the purpose of com. , ‘ 919 ’ ‘ \
' eid f {benefit of Mr. Sulzer in 1912, tonond Hill pallroad station, He was greatly
pensuting Natlonallst Ireland for the tem- 4 : ’ ’ 4 ht
TR : : . Savina } Kugene D. Wood's denial of John Ao esecited, but Mehiing did not stop him
t has been consistent in keep-. porary loss of the large source of revenue | nc ; : } 7 z eee
: ‘ from the public in niakine in Uleter’s wealth } Hennessy's testiinony respecting the made we was about 2) vears old, & feet 7 inches
: ca ATOM EE PU nie a i ‘ , m i : ner of Judge MeCall's nomination did not) gay dack of complexion and clad iy
‘ e has always stipulated a a rage, egal Siminate him as « person possibly baving ey j
, ; : ; ; et 7 ehinnitia mM 4s a] * Ns 1) uh & dark clothes
e conditions of his donation thas OPERATION ON NELLIE ARTHUR. jirornstias remecting the nantes of yh. ace father of te wousded man
ine be withhe ! onmemere cement » ath. Milsons ommnal i : . = nS : oid
’ y 3 Nnancing Mr, Sulzer’s campalgn. So he ig qast night that his sua had no ene
; is one of the big inen of the Stand- Mra, Charles Pinkerton, Danwhter vii) pe culled also to testify as to an rae
+ £8 ; { ous © } * z * Trikes ATE vet any SUepCclon of an at
? # i] Company who js least known tO) of Rx-President, Din Baltimore. (alleged conference in syracuse im: | tempt at suicide was a culous
j ‘ viic, largely because of his desire Barimore, Md., Nov. 16.—An opera-| mediately after Mr. Sulzer's nomination Tire poles frau iooulnn fon ; AMET nah
j ut of the limelight, as evidenced | tion will be performed in the Union Henry P. Burgard of Buftalo, who Arahlink #aws hee nasi heen a) Wraat
present gift He was born in} Protestant Infirmary to-morrow on Mrs, | ousted William HH. Fitapatrick at the re Naaalmoteahootink at anulrrelesananhirds
1 seventy-five years ago, the 800! Ohoarles Pinkerton, daughter of the late cent primaries and who gave £1,000 to . : re

lite United States Senator Henry) Gpester Alan Arthur, who became Presi-! hel) Hennessy continue his investigation

 

 

Col, Payne went to Yale,} aene gollowing the assassination of Presi-| Of highway graft, is also known to have
ed, and went from New Haven © dent Gartield, j been in Syracuse at convention time and
during the elvil war, fe won) view pinkerton before her marriage | to have worked hard for Mr. Sulzer dure
d oof an Miinois regiment, and) Woy Miss Nellie Arthur, ‘To-night Chester) ‘ig the campaign,

s ufter the war went with the’ sin arthur, dr, the only son of Will Not Be a Witnenn.
Oi Company. President Arthur, arrived in the city from oe : F aes
+ became its treasurer, and Oil, Golorade Springs, Col, where he resides Mr. Burgard will eee La a nee an
f his fortuné, He was also’ yy. registered at the Hotel Belvedere, | the John Poe pro: - ings, a ars ine to
srosted in tob. co, He has! where Mr. and Mrs, Pinkerton are stop- present plans. io nows 2 lot about
married, ' ping. Other relatives are expected to-! ret oar sey of ie SOD pare
} ol vw Staite. in striet 4 wy is
. | morrow, ; _ § it y to find out who collected from con-

Wanted Whitney as President, | ygp and Mrs. Pinkerton reside at Mount) (yli8 fo (

O> of his sisters was married to the) Kresco, Last spring Mrs, Pinkerton wus. bashes who west ie pusew it ue ante
un C. Whitney, who was Col./a patient at the Johns Hopkins Hospital, | “ay that rere ue ent to Syra-
| at Yale, and it was said! but it was only recently that an operation | cuse lo see Abr. Bowler ‘

um at ale, | Should Mr, Fowler tell the Distriet At-
Vayne’s fondest ambition was | was decided Upon a 'torney that he did make collections from
Mr, Whitney President of the I {highway contractors who met htm in
} States Col, Payne's gifts to his BEILIS GOING TO PHILADELPH A. Syracuse the situation wonld not be en-

ive been frequent and generous,

   

‘South Ninth strees, received a cable mes-

 

Is in Good Health, | plain his plans.
Nov, 16.--Ex-President Mrs, Rubens said she had no idea what,
Dwight of Yale University ts $5 | business Bellis would pursue, but she,
‘Pate id to-day, and be received many|had no doubt that the Jewish citizens of
eritulutory lettera and messages, He! gouth Philadelphia would see to It that
In very good health and every day!he did not lack opportunities, She said
"fom his residence on Hifithourse, Reilis would be able to live comfortubly
renue d to the centre of the town to! on the money he realizes from the sale
Me port olice, a mile or so, lof his property in Russia,

—- | “or course.” she said, “I do not know :
is pts i . , . No Thanksgiving dinner complete without

, ) y of his plans SOSTUBRA BITTERS. Delicious Appetiser
VOLND WATER IS P E D how soon he will come oF any 0 ANGOS » '
lr the Teble wherever the heel le ccuhln ade. until I get the letter.” | ee.

Tt also appears that such collections
as Mr, Fowler made were only from
highway contractors, What is puzzling
Mr, Whitman is to learn who made the
collections from the barge canal con-
tractors, because his information is that
the scheme of cullection embraced both

__-----

Continued on Sivth Page,

 

| his retirement Col, Payne \as @ " Gets Cable From! trely clarified. Mr, Fowler may have
Vo ils re . as Sister-in-law There made the collections legitimately and
wv fixure in Wall Street, He was! Acquitted Russian, | without making the threats that Setieca P,
J unassurmng and democratic mn PHILADELPIEIA, Nov. 16,-—-Mendel Bellis, | Hull has testified were made to him. And
ite and ways : ithe Russian mechanic who was acjuitted, whichever way tt was Mr, Fowler would |
ised to be his chief umuse-| 2) Kieff on the charge of ritual murder, ! be only one "“bagman.
t lately he RAR Des SAGunee Sauee is planning to bring his family to Phila- | According to what Hennessy says Me-
i Ho dat; not belong to many ai hia and settle here, Mrs. William | Guire told) him the whole State was
Mf health is sald to be vod in} delp bd ister-in-iaw of Bellis, 1904! divided into districts for the collection
foie of his 75 years. Rubens, # sister- ‘of campaign funds, So far it appears

Saasldeaanen j . {that Mr. Fowler went nowhere except to |
. to that effect. it .
mays j wage yesterday : Syracuse, The information in the hands
) EX-PRESIDENT DWIGHT IS 85. | The message said Bellis was making} °) the District Attorney is that some one
ccepeniiaepeaiees for the voyage and that a! Pp |
vce | preparations : 1 ld | made collections also in Rochester, in
Mecelven Many Birthday Messages! jetter was on the way which would ex-) oy 1 ona in other places.

eee

SS |

in Forest Park lately and several persons
have had narrow

JOHN FOX, JK., KILLS A BEAR.

Hunting Party In Homeward Hoand
the Western Wilds,

Denver, Nov Ve A party,
Robert J Collier, pultisher:
Jr, author, and J. Mo Waterbury, pole
player, arrived in Denver this afternoon
from Glenwood Springs

“We have enjoyed a tive weeks
trip,” sald Mr. Collier of
‘in whieh Mr. Fox distinguished himself
by killing a bear, Mr. Fox, having a few
weeks growth of ‘alfalfa’ on his chin, had
no trouble in decoying the bear: in tact
the benr took him for an old acquaintance
and made for him playfully.”

“L mistrusted the bear's intentions, how-
ever,” remarked Mr, Box, “and took the
back trail for a minute.”

“Probably the trail of the lonesome
pine,” said Mr, Colller, “ox was a true
Teddy Roosevelt and searched’ ardently
for bears—-until he found one," he con-
tinued, “Anyway, he succeeded in kill-
i ing the bear he found, and according, to
the Baxters of Glenwood Springs, who
guided the party, it was one of the largest
ever killed im that section of the mou.i-
tains.”

escapes

Krom

inmeluclings
John Pox,

hunting

the party,

 

THEATRE FOR DRAMATIC ART.
London Academy to Train Actors to

Build Theatre.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun,

 

Lonpon, Noy. 16.--It is announced that |

| the Academy of Dramatic Art, founded in
1904 to train actors and actresses, will

\ in December for teaching purposes,

Hotel Clarendon, Seabreeze, Florida, Rep
resentative, 1160 Bway, ‘Tel. Madison Sq. 4748,

iii ee

The Countess went to Newport the last!

The posters are printed in both English |
This bag was jewelled,

reward of $100 for the re-|

of |

begin the building of a theatre in London '

 

‘ALL

UU.

 

Detailed weather

 

Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

HUERTA’S ADVISERS HOSTILE

 

 

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Cloudy to-day, probably local snows or rains;
generally fair to-morrow.

reports will be found on page (3.

ee

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

—— ———————s ss

- TOU.S.; OPEN BREAK NOW NEAR

‘REBELS MAKE MERRY
AFTER EXECUTIONS

 

'

Remain Unburied in
j Streets While Juarez
Celebrates.

| Federals

‘

(BULLFIGHT DRAWS CROWD

 

| Defenders of City Put to Death

After Digging Their

Own Graves,

 

: Jiankz, Mexico, Nov, 16.—Villa s army
‘celebrated to-day the capture of. the
| biggest border town the northern
| frontier.

on

 

 

Mexican answer—a shrug of the shoul-
ders,

When Madero took up the standard
of revolt one of his strongest protests
Was against the summary method of
Diaz in dealing with his prisoners, “We
must educate them; teach them that
they are wrong, teach them the mean-

_ing of liberty, make them want to fight

The church bells chimed merrily, but:

| tew of the ammunition burdened,

he-

; spurred mountaineers or plainsmen hes-

ituted as they passed the ancient mis-
sion longer than to cross themselves or
kick the body of a late Federal soldier.

This ix the period when Mexico cele-
brates the anniversary of its patron
saint, the Virgin of Guadelupe, and a
Sunday at such a time is too important
(to a Mexican to devote it to the mere
matter of executing a late enemy, The
(gaming tables are

piled higher with

coin Sunday, the crowd is
the chance for winning
death had a day off.

Throughout Saturday rifles and pis-
jtols barked at short intervals and late
Federal defenders of the border
| crumpled up one by one in little silent
while the present rebel posses-
sors of the border port walked away to
a nearby cantina for refreshment and
to reload or hunt anew for some man
against whom they bore a xrudge or
| suspected of disloyalty to the Constitu-
| tionalist cause,

on iareer,

is greater, So

town

heaps,

OMctal EKatimate Conservative.
,| This happened all day. Officially it
was admitted that seven federal offi-
,eers had been executed; no more, Of-

| ficially 11 was said in the worning that

the dead would number about 30; of-
fiCcially at night it was admitted that
the dead totalled about 60; officially to-
day it is said that no more executions
have taken place; officially the death
list to-day is placed at about 75
Unofficially, however, it) is) knowa

inted in the
if 6OWhere

that eleven bodies were
Jnarez

coy

 

streets of this mornit
afternoon
unofticialls
to-day

or

there Was hone
Neither officially nor

the total been increased
| Capt
‘eral army
the rebel

been

has

Ped:

of

Ricardo Contreras

Was the
executioners overnight. tle
the most Pted-
preparations for the defence
Juarez and had largely
work of planting mines and
structing the barbed wired electritied
“trochas’ about the city, whieh, by the
way, Were not connected with electric
power at the time the assault was made
by the rebels because the Mederals did
not know the attack was being
| templated,

the
amMouy Vietinis
had one of
erals in the
of

the

wclive

supervised
cone

cone

Esecuted Withont Trint,

The wholesale executions by the reb-

els are nothing new in Mexican warfare,
Mut it is not exactly in line with the
policy pursued by Pranciseo 1. Madero,
for whose policies Villa and his) men

profess to be fighting It has always
heen the policy of the Federals to exe-
cute their prisoners where the prisoners
were in arms the Goverament,
True, they have had ao semblunce of
Wederal military offieers and « hearing
wits granted

With Villa
be is executed

Hest

Do pPrisaner
Vilia
execution as caliniy and quickly

= tried before
either orders his
as if
saddled, or
decides that the exe-
eution is proper and earries

Many of the exes
Were performed by one man, not by a
The vietinm was merely
taken from the prisen by a rebel soldier
few minutes a would te
heard, toe soldier Would) return
the result Known without an
Investigation

This method “littered the streets con-
siderably,” as one of the rebel officers
vdmitted this morning.

The Federals invarfabiy bury thei
vietims at once, It has never been the

S horse

he were ordering bh
some subordigute
it out
itions last night
firing squad
and tin a shot
rebel

and was

Government policy to advertise its exe-
the world, Invariably the
victims were led to the point of execu.
tion by a tirlues squad, received ao pick
and and told When a
earave had been finished the vietim = re-
velved his sentence of lead on the brink
of ‘bis newly made grave and hie body
often rolled into ii, Sometimes it
necessary for the firing squad to put
the body uway. The firine squad al-
ways covered the corpse

mMilious to

shovel to dig,

wus

Victims Remain t nbarted,

Corpses of nen exeeuted on Baturday
‘by the rebels are still lying uncovered
in Juarez to-night, Twenty-seven bodies
‘were hauled out in one wagon
moraing to the litthe cemetery on the
hil overlooking the town. but were not
buried, To-night the rain is falling on
them, The official explanation was that
they were bodies of Beueral defenders
cof the city whe bad been discovered in
isolated fortifications, To the query of
| how bodies happened to be in the streets
the rebel officers merely ga'e the usual

J

‘day shouted "Un Viva Villat”
hoarse from shouting “Viva Picadore!” |

with us instead of against us,” Madero
told THe SUN correspondent when he
was in the fleld in 1911,

Pancho Villa and the rebel commanders
who are fighting under the banner of
the “Constitutionalists” claim to be car-

rying out the ideas of Madero, but they |

have departed from his humanitarian
principles. They have harked back
to “the Dark Ages of Diaz" against
Which they rail when Huerta is men-
tioned, “He would drag us back to
Dinz methods,” they say.

“It is necessary,” Villa said last night
When asked about the executions, Muo-
dero did not think so, yet the army trai
how holds Juarez says it is fighting fen
the cause that Madero espoused

Soldfleran Attend Bualltight,

To-day, the bull fight, the testa plaza
and the cantina held attention. There
are many dollars unspent in the pockets
of the sturdy men who carry rifles for
Villa. It bas been a long time since
they were inside a city for any length
of time; theirs has been a life in the
saddle and in the camp for weeks and
months, The “um tah, um tah” of the
little noisy brass band at the bull ring,
the noisy barks of the spielers in front

of the gambling concessions at the tlesta }

ground, the mirthless laughs of the
women at the roulette wheels and the
monte tables enticed these men of the
mountains,

So
which some unlucky prisoner to
eternity Yesterday to-day laid pennies
and dimes and quarters upon the green
at the card tables or applauded the
thrusts of a favorite matador at u
frightened bull; the voice that yester-
is to-day

sent

for a gaunt Mexican for riding a poor
bony horse fuil upon the horns of a

‘charging bull and retreating with the

animal's entrails trailing the ground.

Prisoners Get Day of Respite.

So Juarez has been “quiet” to-day
from a Military standpoint. But in the
orgies of the men who captured it yes-
terday che pages of progress as recog-
nized in modern America were turned
back two centuries while the victors in
the recent battle celebrated, Their pris-
oners had a day of respite becuuse it

 

was the Sabbath and because the bull
tight happens on Sunday and the gam-
bling games, being less common, are
more attractive than shooting an un-
fortunate fellow countryman,

Some additional bands of rebel sol-
‘diers reached the newly created Consti-
(ulionalist capital of the State of Chi-
huahua to-day, but it has been decided
not to bring all the Villa army of five
or six thousand men here,

this |

Mexicans interested in maintaining
relations that are tolerable between Ie!
Paso and Juarez nave persuaded Villa
that it is not to brine any more
of his mountaineers and plainsmen into
the border tewn, The shops, the rese
taurants and the civillzation of Kl Paso,
itis feared, would prove too strong for
the undisciplined rebel army and inter-
national complications might result.

Prepare to Attack Chihuahna.

Villa
south;
will be

 

Wise

 

has ordered the others to remain
he has told them that Chihuahua
Lithen next that then
Will cote into their own. Then there
will more prisoners to execute,
more bull fights, more flesta games and
noo prying foreigners to comment

The advance on Chilualhua wil) begin

and they

be

shortiy, Juan N. Medina, formerly cot-
lector in Juarez for the Ml Paso Gas
Company and now Villaisehief of staff,

is to be made provisional Covernor of

Chihuaiua [lis enpital is to be in
Juarez, “until Chihuahua is taken.” the
official announcement says. Until the

advance begins, Villa and the men who

took Juarez

for him will remain on
the border,

There are rumors in Juarez that it
Will be several days before the ad-
Vance begins, that the new conquerors
of the border tewn like the plaee too
well to move out a@eross the desert im-

Whether

thet

mediately, their commander

Wishes it of
Viited States

Senator T. Bo Catron

  

called upon Villa in Juarez this morn-
ing.

“Lo oonly told him that | hoped he
would not da anything that would be
resented oby Americans.’ said Mr
Catron, “We did not discuss the rals-
ing of the embargo on arms,”

Villa to-day distributed to his men
several hundred uniforms captured
from the Mederals when the town was
taken,

The bedy of Col Enrique Portillo,
Federal commander, executed yester-

day, was stripped of trousers and shoes
to-day by a rebel who needed them, He
wore them to the bull flaht,

“MEDICINE TO SUPPLANT KNIFE."

Dr. J. 8, Murphy of Chicago Saya
25 Years Will Find Drugs in Lead.
Cnicaco, Nov, 16.-—Internal medicine
will take precedence over surgery for the
next twenty-five yeurs, is the belief of
br. John B. Murphy, one of the foremost
surgeons of America. He expressed this

| view before the congress of clinical sur-

'] were to start over again

|

geons, following his election as president
of the orgamisation,

‘tt is internal medicine,” he said, “that
goes into the details and the advance in
io oin the next querter century will be
greater than the advance in surgery. It
1 would start
in internal medicine, because ite possi-
bilities are unlimited.”

@

the hand that pulled the trigger |

 

Aldape, Minister of Interior,
Quits After Urging Ex-
ecutive to Yield.

 

HUERTA
|Moheno, Now Chief Adviser
to President, Bitterly
Anti-American,

——_____

MAY

FEARED HIM

 

‘EMBASSY CLOSE

 

Washington Admits Situa-
tion Is Less Hopeful
Than Ever,

| CARKANZA REJECTS OFFER

 

Refuses to ANecept Aid in Fight
to Kestore Order in
Mexico.

 

Specra’ Cahe Despat
Mixtco Crty, Nov. 16.
Aldape, Minister of the
President

Vnited

to Tue
Manuel Garza

Sus

Iniertor, who
Ifuerta to
with-

has

Nas
vield
draw

been urging
the

from

to States and

the ree

The official aunouncement was

Presidency,
signed,
; Made at tie end of a conference
Ministers

of the
Which
until

with
j lasted from 4

Gen, Huerta,

o'clock last night
this morning,
lefi

Which also carried

Aldapr te-night for Vera Cran on
200 soldiers,
is being to

suce

(a Chain

It is believed that he sent

France us Minister of Mexico to
ceed Francisco de la Barra,

it was learned to-night on the high.
est authority that an open break with
the United States Is expected within
forty-elght hoars,

Charge d'Affatres O'Shaughnessy is
packing his trunks and may close the
embassy and leave for Vera Cruz to-
morrow evening.

If this happens there will undoubted-
ly be a great rush of Americans out of
the capital.

“Neither Charge O'shauchnessy nor
the offichals of the Huerta Government
would talk on the situation to-night,

It is Aldiaypn 8
Huerta to res

stated that

of.

an

Garza

Torus to persuade Cie.

 

| were looked Upon by the  prayvisienal
Vresident as proof of the Minister of
ihe Interiors ambition to step into th
Tixnecutive seat
Foretgn Minister Motieno, whe is bit-
terly anti-Amerioun an avowed
‘temiy oof Caraa Aldape, is now Gen
Huertas ehief adviser + remain-
deroof the Cabinet are ed to Sup-

 

 

 

port the Presideits
Aldape’s resignation is said te have
been dermiuanade # Cubinet niceting in
Huerta’s house early this morning.
Huerta, it is stated. reiterated at this
meeting the statement that he would
hot resign, that with him it was a case

ot life or death and he was disposed to
play out the gume,

Moheno Ordered Aldape to Quit.

It Was fr to-night

ported

 

il i oibda 1
thoritative scr that Aldapes resig-
Nation Was demanded bv Molheno, whe
Went to the Minister of the Interior's
home shorily after midnight, with au-
thority from Huerta, and compelled
Aldape to sign a leter In which he ane

nouneed lis withdrawal
Al-

irrested on accusations of

There is a strong probubility that

dupe will be
sedetion,
These charges, if made, will be based
on an allegation that he conspired with
Charge

CP shaughnessys to cooperate

with the United States to force Huerta
out of office

The dismissal of Aldape removes from
the Cabinet the last man whe Was
chosen as a member of Hucrta’s official
family under the guidanee of the then
Ambassador, Henry Lane Wilson, in the
United States Embassy — the night

Huerta executed ®@ coup Wetat and im-
prisoned Madero,

Unul Aidape was beoleved
te stand high in favor of Huerta. This
supposition was borne out on Thursday

Vesterday

when it became known that he went to
(’Shaughnesey and in the came f
Huerta and in the presence of the Ger-
man Minister, Von Hintze, and th
Freneh Minister, Lafaives Inaested
that negotiations be reopened on the
question of declaring the recent

gressional elections void which

 

itu

see

Lind insisted on in the uloin
Huerta on Wednesdays
Freneh Envoy Leaves Capttol,
Garza
ederico

Aldape is
Gamboa,

elimination of
that of

The
similar to
who was induced to abandon the foreign
affairs portfolio to become the candi-
date of the Cathohe party at the general
election, and of Franciseo de la Burra,
who was appointed Minister to France
arter having held the same portfolio,

M. Lefaivre, the French Minister, and
Mme. Lefaivre left last nicht for Vera
Crus,

The alr, however, is H'ed with alan
ing rumore and the evxodus of Ameri
cans to Vera Cruz continues. The em
ployees of the Waters-Pierce Oil Com
pany believe they are in danger of

| their lives, as Gen. Muerte {s general!
©

  

 

q

y