VO, LEV — 80, 478

ee ommtere

rp eee 4 RR Pee Ce emP Ae
ran ree Pe rreneyr.

—

Vopnbticane aff not
the principles of Hearet
sdvocated by Hearst were approved
» « large proportion of the people and
ecane of that fact he hae won «
‘ publie confidence, Ae I have ead,
vaa not Hearet or hie principles that
vght laat year, but hie methods, but
_aomething that hes passed and Mr.
«not a candidate thie yeer

‘Let us come down to figures to sluw

iat what Mr. Hearst's strength is. When

e ran for Mayor he polled 87); per cent.
f the total vote of New York county and

1° Republicans polled only © per cent.

the total. Last year when he ran for
vernor he polled in the county under the
mblem of bie league, nearly 20 per cent.

( the total vote. In 1004 President Roose-
elt broke inte the Democratic strongholds
» the lower East Side by carrying some of

e districts in that part of the city, but
\lr. Hearst carried some of these districts

vy a vote of five to one.

“These are conditions we took into con-
~deration in consenting to a coalition and
hey are conditions which demonstrate
‘hat Hearst has a following in this city
which has to be reckoned with. The men
placed on the judiciary ticket are men who
will commend themselves to the voters of
‘his city. It is a good ticket and I sincerely
Lelieve that it will be elected.”

“Why did the Republicans give Hearet
«ix out of the eleven places on the county
ticket?” Mr. Parsons was asked.

“For the reasons already indicated in
my reference to the figures of the last two

elections,” he anawered: “We had to
reckon with the strength of the Hearst fol-
owing.”

Mr. Parsons went on to explain that he
thought the fusion decision a good politi-
cal movement,for the reason that in all the
Republican districts only straight Re-
publieans had been nominated, and with

he aid of the Hearst vote these men were
sure to be elected, and consequently men
would be sent to Albany who would help
Gov Hughes to carry out his policies.

Mr. Parsons said that the Republicans
nd the Hearat organizations would each
conduct a separate campaign, and that the
forte of the Republicans would be mostly
confined to the district fights.

The burden of the campaign for the
county ticket is to be left to Mr. Hearst.
One of Mr. Hearst’s chief political‘lieuten-

(9 said last night that plans were already
Leing made to put as much lifeand vitality

nto the electioneering of the next three
weeke as if a President or a Governor were

» he elected. »

Lt was said last night at the Gileey House

hat Mr. Hearst had told his men that he
wanted Charles F. Murphy beaten on elec-
.on day and that they could have a free
hand in spending all the money they needed

» work up @ spectacular campaign of red

‘ire and brass bands, particularly if the
demonstrations were on a scale
enough to put in the shade anything that
\ammany might do in the same direction.
\ir. Hearst will himself speak at. several
ineetings to be held under the auspices
of the Independence League, and in the
peeches he will confine himself to attack-
ng the Marphy-Conners control of the
Hemooratic organization of the county
and State.

Charles F. Murphy refused yesterday

» make any comment on the fusion of the
‘iearst-Republican organizations. “Just
vail until the registration is over,” he said,

and then, I think, I}will be able to give
you some figures which will prove to you

\at{there can be no doubt of the election
of our ticket.”

calling upon hie eu
to follow hisezample. This was the Mayor's
#tatement:

*I shall support the straight Demooratic
\icket. I have always done so, except last
vear, when with thousands of other Demo-
crate I voted against the nominee for Gov-
ernor, believing that in doing eo I served
the heat interests not only of the State but
of my party. The shameless fusion ef-
fected last night clearly vindioates that po-
sition, That the party dominant in the
nation and the State should seek such an

leadership.

“I hope and trust that every friend of
mine will heartily work and vote for the
rominees of the regular Democratic organi

zation,”

BALLOONISTS TUNING
—_——

 

UP.

Sr. Lovms, Mo., Oct. 11.—President Louis
D. Dozier of the &t. Aero Club bas
received a telegram from James ©. Stewart,
the British-American ,

stating that he would be here
to make @ balloon
*Profe. A. L, Rotoh

{
'

A -N ~—ttseetn-e

 
 

z
ies! :

z

ia seeking to protect tho city from
being charged, in the event of condem-
hation proceedings, tor these old unused
permite °

MR. ROOT FEELING RETTER.

 

 

Mexican Trip improves Hte Health Meapite
Hite Sorta Trials.

Mexico Crty, Oct. 11.—Secretary of
State Elihu Root says that his physical
condition has great!y improved since he
arrived in Mexico, notwithstanding the
trying round of entertainments. He will
start for Washington about October 20,
after firet visiting ra, Aguas
Calientes and San Luis Potosi.

 

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sux.

Oe Rk te al ele ER ub

SEW YORK, =\TURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1907 evra Gil. t Pte Gen Prmine ont
h o Gaur ee te

CFO 1 AHOTWRA THIN WEN te | Mean
AFM, HAT WHET Oren by AS,
: ‘ ant

 

 

|

rne fin 4 nee Be®
1f Ve HReY Te AeneN WIT)

see Manet Pane Here om @

' e00en ay fOnRRT neree,

cd -

os

“

2 “

—

Vcmte aE Cnn tutae) at MUMTE ite Monn Ww am
Ren Pebe em He ORE IRe BIT Or

ee

Re eotare of Mate Metinet Race hen after

Re emeet Her Maremrl atu nen Fr t0,., tetetee for a nnting @8 FRR Kram on

eten hin Way Have te te Gan | HOH INe In fhe Charinn Miwer  Menretery Ce ee ee

i;

Ritert Ho Gere chairmen of (he
Menetare of the (niet Maree
Meal Corporation gave  Mnehenn yamtey

a

declined to refer to possible business in-
tereate that might lie hetween hie company
and the representative of the big Japanese
trading and shipbuilding concern he said
that Baron Miteu) had given him to uncer-

stand that with Mr. Mateuda he represented | 1, georetary and captain of last year's | check in payment

the Government of the Emperor directly
and that he was an ex officio adviser of the
present Japanese Cabinet in matters of
finance. From Mr. Gary's statement and
the fact that Baron Mitsui's vast interests in

by
the pushing of development work in Corea
and southern Manchuria the mission of the
Japanese financier in New York would
appear to be not entirety one of pleasure.
“Baron Mitsui and I had a long talk on
the condition of trade between Japan and
America,” said Judge Gary, “and we both
learned something that we did not know
before we met. The Baron assured me
that all talk of war between the two coun-
tries was foolishness and that the thinking
class in his country realized that nothing
had intervened between the two Govern-

Suanonal, Oct. 11.—By an imperial monte to warrant any bluster about fighting.

decree Prince Chuan, Prince Jui and others
in high office are suspended for failure
to give up the use of opium during the six
months period of probation allowed by
the deoree ordering the discoatinuance of
the use of the drug in China. The period
hae been extended three months, and other
officers are warned that at the end of that
time the decree will be strictly enforced.

The imperial ban on opium was issued
on September 21 of last year and on Novem-
ber 21 regulations were published for its
enforcement. In these it was laid down
that officers of the Government must set an
example. Officers over 60-yeares old, whose
cravingsare great. must be treated Jeniently,
but all under that age, Princes, Dukes,
Viceroys and Tatar Generals, must inform
the Throne @mt they are willing to cease
the use of the drug within a certain time.
During that time eubetitutes were to be
allowed them, and when cured of the habit
they could resume their official duties.

All other officers, no matter how great
their craving, must abandon the habit
within six months. If unable to discon-
tinue the use of opium they would be allowed
to retain their rank but would have to retire
from office. Those who should falsely
pretend te have abandoned the drug and
continued to use it in secret would lose both
rank and office.

 

GENERAL STRIKE TALK,

General Leckout Threatened, Teo—Atrike
Breakers at Werk in Cuba.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sox.

Havana, Oct. 11.—A number of the strike
breakers from New York are going to work
on both the United and Western railways.
The rai!way officials do not recognize them
officially and they obtain positions through
employment agencies, thus hoping to evade
the contract labor law.

The railway officifle say that the strike
is about broken. The strikers are planning
to call out the remaining employed railroad
workers, including telegraphers and station
agente. They say this action will be taken
on Sunday:

The court proceedings against the United
Railways Company for importing contract
labor continue. There i8 much talk of a
genera! strike, and also of a genera) lockout
by employers, who find the present situa-
tion impossible. The strikers did not cause
much trouble to-day. One train was de-
railed at Josefita, Province of Matanzas.
Nobody was hurt and no damage was done.

POISON KILLED I, CRYDER LEA.

 

Ialand, was due to laudanum poisoning and
was the result of Mr. Lea’s own act.
Whether the poison was taken with suicidal
intent or accidentally has not been definitely

x
4
F

6
5

rt
li

i

1

3
E

Z
F

i
aE
:
gb 7
F
;

rt
F
i

BE
:
E
i
i
i $

5
a

j
E
¥
i

fF

:
:

i
z
Hl
i

8
F

F

7

i
i
i
zt
inf

5

;
E

i

i
[
!

i i a a

fe
Fi

rl
nt
f ;
istE

      

i
e

§
2

if;
=
ffs
E

BS

sf
ti

[

|

|

We both of us mentioned the fact that since
the balance of trade bet ween thetwo nations
is ih favor of Japan, its exporte to this coun-
try bearing the ratio toward our imports
of about three to two, Japan would be the
leas anxious for a rupture of past cordial
relations.

“I laughingly told the Baron that his
countrymen were close traders, and at firet

| he seemed to misunderstand me and to

 

    

think that | was making an accusation
against Japanese business methods. But
when I explained to him that te trade close
was the biggest merlt™in business he ad-
mitted that the dapanesa. had learned a
good deal from America.”

Judge Gary reverted to the business of
the United Statea Steel Corporation in
Japan. He said that more shipments were
being made to the island empire now than
at any previous time and that though the
general export business of America with
Japan may have fallen off in the last few
years the Steel Corporation felt none of
the decline. Japan was prompt to~ pay
and sure to abide by contracts with the
steel people in this country, said Judge.
Gary

Baron Mitsui’s visit here and his enter-
tainment by the officers of the Steel Cor-
poration gives interest to the reports of
development work projected by the Japa-
nese Government throughout the country
recently brought under its influence. Tokio
journals recently come to New York con-
tain the information that all the orders
for rolling stock and rails to be used on
the new Japanese owned railroad which
is to connect the Corean railroad with
the Transsiberian trunk line in southern
Manchuria were to be placed in America.
The United States Steel Corporation, the
Pullman company and the Baldwin Loco-
motive Works were specifically mentioned
in the Japanese journals as being the
sources of supply. Thie line of railroad,
which is projected by the Japanese Gov-
ernment and already is under course of
construction by a private company, will
be the connecting link in the entire Trans-
siberian system between Moscow and
Tokio.

The Mitsui Company of Japan does
the largest trading business of any com-
pany there. It controls steamship lines
plying between Japan and Europe, Aus-
tralia, North and South Americs and the
China coast ports. In the opening up
and development of Corea, whioh has been
actively pushed since the termination of
the war, the Miteui Company and ite rival,
the Mitsubishi Company, have striven for
the bulk of the trade.

Baron Mitsui ie stopping at the Holland
House, he has denied himeelf to all
interviewers.

CZAR UNLUCKY AT SEA.

Hole Stove in His Pinnace and He Nerrewly
Escapes a Ducking.
Special Cable Despatch Tas Sun.

Sr. Parerssuara, Oct. 11,—It is reported
that the Czar has had another mishap.
While landing from his yacht at some un-
stated piace in a pinnace the boat etruck
a hidden rock and had a hole knocked in
its bottom.

The Crear had to transfer quickly to an-
other pinnace.

/GIRL’S MARRIAGE ANNULLED.

 

 

 

 

enue.
oy gw! skating
by to be e case
an

sae sidan tac a
ore

a ee

| afternoon hw wae in the lanet Vertes, |

|

 

feeen hee heen 1 Conielige for are,

fetiowing (he Marened crew whieh wan vont |
Om PRET iC® fem
(im the rater ap the rieer inet after | rent wan letiotet pemerdag four
the lannet preset rhe Cottage Pari tridae lareens the aperdiie aren monet int
« Conon @ae coon in @hich @ore ten Mar. | Cetment being @.780, ft le bneen,
eard atudene «Ae the innneh came up | Fer, (hat Rrewwar atote « large enn
the cane capsinet (ne of ite cnenmnte Oliphant & Om denen 1 Hiphane avid
fern on, bet (he other anne twiew ame wan | leet migit that i) wan atrrt tim
on the point of aoing down again when | how much he coutdn't wey rntit
Me Racne at ripped off hia cont and phunged | Garmentante Red firviale tan @emmnination
inte the river to hie reacwe, of the femme beoke Me asid the report
4 A. Rev. & Harvard sophomore, whe ie | thet wae ciroulated in the Criminal Courts
candidate for manager of the crew sino | Building that the mum might he See.am wae
yume ed in They had to awim about thirty | ‘idleulous, At any rate the lowe wouldn't
feet before reaching the drowning man | embarrass the firm in the leant, he estd
and euereeded in keeping him afiont until | Reoneor waa arreated on the complaint
the Verita@ could he brought alongside. < Jay F. Carlile, a Wall street broker
The vietime of the accident, Secretary ) who has desk room with Oliphant & Co.,
Racon and Reid were hauled on board. | but who ia not connected with the firm.
The student who could not ewim wae very | Mr. Carlisle went to Europe a few monthe
much exhausted. but revived after a few | ago. leaving unsettled negotiations he had
minutes. The others were no worne, except | started for the sule of a farm in the Berk-
for a ducking. In the launch besides | shires which he owned. He put the matter
Secretary Bacon and Reid were Coach | in the hands of Brouwer, telling him that

Wray of the crew, Robert L. Racon, son of | if the sale was consummated to turn the
over to the Oliphant

Cipher & 06 atoek henkera at 9) Rrond
arent
ne

ty
hoe
fre

eniatant Manager } fawn
een, and & t Wennger Bergen | The farm wae sold and Brouwer got a
GRAND STREET FULL OF SMOKE, | check for 2.70. Mr Carlisle returned
from Europe a few days ago and learned
of the sale of the farm. He also learned
Night Gave Firemen Ward Joty. that Brouwer had not turned the check over
A very smoky fire in a six story factory | to the firm. He started an investigation
building at 176 to 140 Grand street gave the which disclosed many irregularities on the
firemen a hard fight late last night and | part of Brouwer.
drove the people in the neighboring tene- | The check for the farm had been cashed
ments to the streets. The fire started | by Brouwerandhe hadkeptthemoney. In
in the basement of 176, occupied as thevfac- | addition Mr. Carlisle disco that his
tory store of the Columbia Gas Fixture | accounts with the firm were in bad! shape,
Company. Next déor at 178 and 180 is the | Just how much he is out will not be known
Standard Trading Company. The build- ; until the accountants have finished, their
ing ia owned by L. M. Hirsch. The flames | work. !
ate their way rapidly through the factory The brokers sent for Brouwer and he is
and a second, third and fourth alarms were | said to have made a confession. Then the
sent in in rapid succession. Chief Croker | firm went over their own books and found
came on the first alarm. but the smoke | that they had suffered. When Brouwer
was too dense to admit of sending the men | began to steal from the firm has not been
into the building and the firemen had to | learned yet, but he has been their confiden-
fight it from outside. tial manager for six years. The books are
After the fire had been burning for nearly | in such shape because of Brouwer’s peou-
an hour Policeman Myers of the Mulberry | lations that the accountants eay they will
street station reached the fourth floor | be unable to tell anything definite until they
from the rear fire escape andjfound the | have completed their job
night watchman, Isaac Appfelwite, lying | Mr. Carlisle insisted upon having Brouwer
unoonsciogs on the floor. Myers got the | arreated and he went before the Grand
man out and revived him. The fire lines | Jury yesterday. It didn’t take long to have
out off the Grand street cars andso large | an indictment returned, and it was filed
a crowd gathered to watch the spectacle | in Judge Crain's court in General Sessions.
that the reserves from several precincts | Detectives Flood and Fitzsimmons of the
were called out to keep the people in check. | District Attorney's office were sent to get
At 1:30 o’clock this morning the fire ap- | Brouwer and they went to the office of
Pexted"to be beyond the control of Chief | Oliphant &Co. They were told that he was
Croker and hie men, and the whole building | not there, but they found him at hie home
was blazing. } in Washington avenue, Brooklyn.
Acting Battalion Chief Jennings and five Brouwer, who is 53 years old, was ar-
men of Engine 17 were knocked out by | raigned before Judge Crain. Evidently
smoke in trying to get into the building. | he had expected arrest, for when he ap-

- cman : ie peared in court two bondsmen were waiting
DOCTORS TURN ED FIREMEN. for him. The arraignment was made with
Put Out Biaze at Post-Graduate Hospital

as‘much secrecy as possible, there being
While Nurses Saved Patients.

an endeavor on the part of some one in
The Post-Graduate Hospital at Twentieth | ‘22, District Attorney's office to keep the
street and Second avenue had a fire scare

robbery quiet.
’ That f the t

early last evening when the supervising | », eae ao ties econ s aa
nuree, Miss Anna Reichert, found a thick | ont was made plain when the District
dloud of smoke coming up the airshaft. | airceney's office asked that bail be fixed
The hospital is a seven story building, and at $90,000. This was done by Judge Crain
many of the 200 patients, some of whom | 414 Brouwer was released after the two
are too ill towalk, were on the upper floors. |} naemen had gone before Assistant. Dis-
Mies Reichert called Dr. Galloway, the

house surgeon, and he with the other

trict Attorney Miner and put up $100,000
doctors traced the emoke to the storeroom

 

Four Alarme for Factory Fire Late Last
|

 

 

 

worth of Harlem real estate as security.
The bail is a very high one in the criminal
courte. ‘

The doct ttacked the fi with Brouwer refused to make a statement.

hand extinguishers and forty nurses were
called to help remove the patients from
the upper floors. Ail those who were help-
had heen taken down the elevators
the time the firemen arrived. The
lar fire fighters found that the doctors
the fire out. The damage was trifling.
The fire was caused by defective insulation.

GRAND CENTRAL TIEUP.

would be arraigned formally next week.

and that he was released on bail in order
to help R. L. Cuthbert, Deloitte, Plender,

ast

ing an examination of the firm's books.
Brouwer is aid to have speculated heav-
ily in the market and the slump wiped
away his investments. Mr. Oliphant said
last night: .
“We cannot tell how much Brouwer stole.
I should say it was within $100,000, but it

 

 

A trifling train wreck in the Grand Cen-
tral yards yesterday morning delayed the
etarting of several fast trains and shook up
a few dozen commuters. The incoming
Port_Chester local on the New York, New
Haven and Hartford, drawn by an electric
engine, was passing safely onto track 19,
about forty feet north of the station plat-
orm, when theswitch went amies from some
unknown reason and the ninth and last car
did not follow the rest. This d the
car ahead onto track 18 and sent of
them into the p'atform and inte the electric

attached to Chicago fast mai

engine t
due to leave in a few minutes, and k
down a of the third rail

At any rate, it is not a heavy eum for us.”
The members of James H. Oliphant & Co.

are James H. Oliphant, Alfred L. Norris,

Floyd W. Mundy and J. Norris Oliphant.

ELECTION OF FENDERS, BEWARE,

Jackson Has 60 Lawyers en the Lookout
for Vielations—‘Nen-Partisan,"’ He Says.
Superintendent of Elections William

Leary is to have an extensive counsel to

handle election and registration offences.

Attorney-General Jackson announced yes-

terday that he had eelected sixty lawyers to

act as special deputies of his office and

prosecute cases of violation brought to light

by the Superintendent of Elections.
According to the announcement of Mr.

Jackson one-half of the sixty were ap-

pointed upon the recommendation of the

Democratic organization and the other half

‘at the instance of the Independence League.
This, he says, is a new departure from the
former custom of nting special dep-
uties from the ranks.of one party. In doing
this, Mr. Jackson says, no question can be
raised as to prosecuting or failing to

 

electric apparat:
result that the motor drawing re
State which was just pulling away
from the platform, went dead and the
ong came to a sudden stop.
locomotive attached to the Chica
fast mail| was crippled, and that train
way behind time. Not until the My 4
been cleared away and several bi 4
repaired, which took an hour, was the
Empire able t continue her course. About
a dozen commuters on the last cars of the
local were shaken up bruised, but only

 

—— ———— rr

 

to a trifling extent. cute for partisan purposes. The Attorney-
General sai bout the Republi.

GEN. GRANT CAN RIDE, Too, | Gener Sesion ne Abou
The sixt deputies are to be as-
He and Eight Line OmMers Submit to the | signed to the tifferent police courts for the

two remaining days of registration and
election day.

SIGHTSEERS INJURED.

Broadway Car Rams Rubberneck Wagon
and Four Are Thrown Out,

A sightseeing automobile carrying a full

President's Horseback Test.

Norro.ix, Va., Oct. 11.—Major-Genera'l
Frederick D. Grant, commander of the
Department of the East, and eight officers
of the line to-day successfully underwent
the new horseback ridi The ride
was for the prescribed ce of fifteen
miles, five at a walk, five at’ a trot and five

 

 

at xt load was rammed by a southbound Broad-
» cnaertes from Gen. Greate way carat Forty-hinth street and Broadway

- | early yesterday afternoon and four persons

_ one of =a ps better had narroy, escapes from serious injury.
The atreet car hit the rear end of the auto

fi and knocked off the back seat. On this

t ri B, F, Tucker and his daugh-
soot eiith of Hannibal, N.Y. and 875.
Providente Rl.
with the je
were badly bruised and .
but madical aid and went on thelr
way. ys
Latest Intelligence.
Arrived: Se Morro Castle, Havana, Oct. &

sot Satay ae tenn,
bod ih a bi 3 We he Wi 4

Te
i Las

4h shame ker halaie aalie
I Bh a a Hes

 

|

Griffiths & Co., expert accountants, in mak- |

will all depend ypon what the books show. |

Rerramet, Oevemmm 13, ISN.
Nain tottowed Wy few end colvier todayy
eee ite urbe oor a 6
eee ee ee

Pabnahena faethe

‘one ane

iz

Tamia te Cie of B91. BRR. ROR far tiring
Rehetes mm C alvernta.

Loe Aworwen, Cal, Oot. i1.--
Fé Railway Company, charged with re-
hating. waa to-day found 4 on all
counta. The maximum fine under
the law ie $1,270,000, the minimum 996.000.
The cane qill he appealed

WR. CLEVELAND RETURNS HOWE.

Was in Yew ork Yesterday on Business
—Health Petter, Hie Wife Gaye.
Painceton, N. J., Oct. 11. Ex-President
Grover Cleveland, who went to New York
last night. returned to Princeton thie after-

 

ly.

“Mr. Cleveland is much better, although
he ie still very weak in the legs,” she said.
“The trip to New York was purely a business
one.”

Mrs. Cleveland added that Mr. Cleveland
would go to New York more frequently
from now on.

ARBITRATION’S FEEBLE END.

Americans at The Hague Disdain to Vote
on Final Dectaration.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

Tux Haavs, Oct. 11.—The peace confer-
ence by forty votes, with four abstentions,
adopted a declaration to-day that many
Powers recognized that the time was ripe
for mutuallly accepting certain questions
ae suitable for obligatory arbitration.

This declaration precludes the text
drafted from being submitted to the con-
ference and shelves the whole question.

The United States abstained from voting.
Mr. Choate, in a long, vigorous speech,
justified the abstention on the ground of
the unworthiness of this feeble result of
the arbitration commiasion’s work.

 

 

 

MRS. MINOR MORRIS INSANE.

Woman Whe Was Ejected Front White
Heuse Committed te an Asylum.

St. Lovuts, Oct. 11.—Mre. Minor Morrie of
Washington, D. C., has been pronounced
hopelessly insane and committedto the
State insane asylum at Farmington, Mo.
After her arrival here several weeks ago
she denounced President Roosevelt for her
alleged forcible ejection from the White
House a year or more ago, and was by re-
quest of,relatives taken to the city hospital.
Then she was taken to a private sanitarium
at Jacksonville, Ill., where she was con-
fined until yesterday She is a sister of an
Iowa Gongressman.

 

 

GOING 3,000 MILES TO WED.

Mise Atkins on Her Way to Celon to Be
Married te Dr. Carpenter.

Worcester, Mass., Oct. 11.—To meet her
flancé 3,000 miles away Miss Josephine P.
Atkins, a Massachusetts young woman,
is now on her way to Colcn, where she will
wed Dr. Paul M. Carpenter, chief of the
Senitarv Department, and who has a fine
residence at Crozal in the Canal Zone on

 

His counsel, James W. Osborne, said he | the Pacific side of the Isthmus.

Dr. Carpenter was formerly instructor at

It was said that Brouwer may plead guilty | Roston University and at the Institute of

Technology. Miss Atkins is a native of
Provincetown, where her parents, Mr. and
Mrs, Russell Atkins, now reside, but she has
for several years past lived in Somerville.

Soon after the arrival of Miss Atkins at
Colon she will be married.

HILL MOVES HALF A MILE,

 

 

Extraordinary Landslide In France Dams

Rivers and Creates a Lake.

Special Cable Despatch to Tap Sun.
Paris, Oct. 11.—-A big landslide is occur-
ring in the Department of Ardeche. The
movement of the earth is ascribed to aprings.
It threatens disaster. A hillside, com-
prising nearly a million cubic metres of
land, has been @ for twenty-six hours.

in which it has traversed half a mile.
It is now travelling fifty yards an hour
and has dammed a river, causing a large

lake to form, demolished @ road, and carried |

away two bridges.
The

very
severely from floods. The railways are
out in fifteen places. There have been
several fatalities.

 

HORSE CRUSHES HIS RIDER.
geen
George 6. Silshee of Boston Dies Frem
Kffects of Accident.

Boston, Oct. 11.—George 8. Silsbee of
Beacon street, treasurer of the Pacific
Mills at Lawrence and connected
several other textile manufacturing com-
panies, died at his summer home in West
Peabody to-day from injuries sustained
in an accident on Wednesday night. His
horee slippéd in a puddle of water and
rolled over on top of ita rider.

The splashing of the water caused Mrs,
Silsbee'’s horse to shy and she also was
thrown, but dropped without any serious
hurts. Mr. Silsbee is survived by his wife
and two children. He was fifty-five years
old anda Harvard man, classof '74. F

° ED senna cone

REYNOLDS BANK FAILS,

 

PRICY. TWO CENTS,
ee emer

LEPORT TH AaRE HR ITH FARE RY
6% OON THAVAATT IOVS,

It appears that Norton & Co. have bees
making « business of lending army officers
money on their salaries, and Lieut. Lefort
took advantage of this to get himeelf ous
of somo Szancia?l scrape. In his applies
tions for loans he forged tse names of Lieut.-
Col. Hodges, Col. William L. Marshall of
the Corps of Engineers, Washington. D. C..
Major H. Jervey of the Const Artillery,
Major Fred Marsh, Col. ©. A. P. Hatfield
and Capt. G. P. White of the Sixth Cavalry.
In each instance, the police say, he pledged
the salaries of his superiors and collected
the meney from the loan brokers.

On October 5, 1006, in the name of Major
Marsh, he made application for a lan of
1,600, pledging the Major's salary a@ se
curity and giving monthly notes to be taken
up by January, 1908. The first one read:
agree on my honor, if alive, to
pledge my salary from the United States
Government for the month of October, on
the last day of said month, and to transmit
check for said amount to Norton & Co.”
& Co. looked up the Army Register
found that there was in existence a
Major Marsh, and without any hesitation
they forwarded to Fort Slocum, where
Lieut. Lefort has been stationed, the first
instalment of the loan. Then there folw
lowed an application signed “Lieut.-Col.
H. F. Hodges, Coast Artillery, Washington,
D. C.,” and without any hesitation the
money asked for was transmitted. This
reply was received a few days later:

“I enclose your notes duly executed. I
thank you very much for the favor. Your
terms are very favorable. Yours truly,

H. 8S. Hopoxs,

Grand Union Hotel, Washington, D. C,

The applications both in the name of
Major Marsh and Col. Hodges bore the
alleged indorsement of Col. C. A. P. Hat-
field, Fort Meyer, Va., and Norton & Co.
didn’t have the slightest suspicion that
there was anything wrong. They for-
warded a New York Rity draft payable to
Major Marsh on the American Exchange
Bank of New York, drawn through the
National Exchange Bank of Wheeling,
W. Va. This draft never reached Major
Marsh, but was intercepted and later
cashed at the American Exchange Bank
in this city. description of the man
who cashed it, ng to the police, tallies .
with that of Lieut. Lefort.

When an application was received by -
Norton & Co. signed “Captain G. P. White,
Sixth Cavalry, Fort Slocum,” requesting
a loan of $760 the firm became suspicious.
They had done business with Capt. White,
who was in the Philippines at the time,
and they were familiar with his hand-
writing, and when their suspicions were
thoroughly aroused they decided to in-
vestigate. They communicated with Lieut,-

A

| Col. Hatfield and asked him if he had in-

dorsed any notes, He denied that he had,
and when shown the notes that Lefort had
sent he branded them as forgeries. The
firm then employed a handwriting expert,
who pronounced all the signatures forger-
ies. He said that all the applications had
been made out by the same person and the
indorsements and the names signed to the
notes were forgeries. No attempt had
been made to disguise the handwriting,
and the police last night could not account
for the action of Norton & Co. in letting the
applications go through.

When the money brokers discovered that
they had been duped they put the matter
into the hands of J. D. W. King of 00 Lib-
erty street, representing the bureau of
information of the Bankers Association.
Mr. King communicated with Inspector
MoCafferty, and the Pogt Office authorities
and detectives were put to work, They
were convinced that the handwriting on .
the applications and the notes was Lefort's,
and when they went to Fort Slooum they
wore informed that he was on leave. They
located him at the King Edward Fiotel.
Inepector Nelson then arranged io have
Norton «& Co, send him a deooy letter.

When the letter carrier delivered the
mail at the hotel last night there was a
letter for Lieut. Lefort. As one of the in-
stalments was due he took the letter and
had just opened it when Nelson and McCon-
ville sprang at him. Before they could
take the letter from him he had torn it up
and had scattered the pieces over the floor.

The decoy letter was addressed to Lieut -

in care of the King Edward

days. Lefort, who was unaware of the
that had been set for him, eagerly took i
from the postman.

*

a

wy

¥y
me
‘

>

\

«
%

"7