ve gates
en Ceeente MEOH e
ot ~~ 6 = el
—-—e — 7 + awe
» wow Lt a

    
 

. _ ore Fee

AS BREE

, one Prenie » -*
~

" rer _ b e

/ er one
tee (tere wy seyret We
~ 2
of Fetnte ve

le @eeme
“ww “tet ~ oe
avenue
one ‘ieee Wee
ov cumeene

one
*-

ne av tte

 

*
fo ere secey

4 etvewt oe

‘he fre he corner ~

wre oe fe The corer:
verh areer arene
‘ow Twenty fourth sireet sae

on Thetrlet le heeded oe end
' Twenty eowenrh a derenih ave
cont) OF etenet and Pl@hth avener
enth flection: Piterret  hewnded
» est Teenty ae renth atreet fF ighen

. ee ae ow
ret and FRIAR avenue fe the
vonee af Weet Twent firth

sven ie

‘ *

nth Wleetton [Merrie is heunded }
or ~ Twenty stark epreet, Vigth avetiue
yh street and Mudeen river
Diectien tletriet fe beonded tw
ernty seventh street Sith
street and leon

nth
Veet
lwenmty

an
at wats "
» Fia@rtien tretrtet le teunded ty
. t ‘em Tweeter eighth street to a dh a!
nih awenee and Weet | wenty eightn
earner of Weat lwenty ninth etree: and
Vieth evenue, Nest lwenty sevens
leon «treet
nteenib Miectias Thetrict me bor
eet Twenty ci@bth street
“— Dwemty seven’) street and

mated bh
Seventh
Ninth

renth Pleetion lerriet
est vwews vy omrn
lwenty eighth street

is hounded bh
street) Seventh
\ oat end Ninth
eenth '

ection Dierriet ie bounded yy
” Weat Thirt

eth street te hight avenues

» oee from the corner of Eighth avenue and |

to the comer of Seventh
Wee

eth street
and West Twenty otnth street,
street and Nine avenue

Twen

wentieta Plection District is hounded by .

est Thirty first street. Seventh avenue

ine from the corer of Seventh avenue

Iwent) minth street to the comer of
riieth street and Fighth avenue, Wem
h street aed Ninth avenue

rm Twenty Oret Election Distriet ts bounded
ty and within West Twenty ninth stceet to Ninth
' » diagonal line from the corner of West

ecsgonea
ar st

” ninth street and Ninth avenue to the comer
of th avenue and West Twenty « ” street,
test twenty eighth street and Hudson

e lwenty) second Election listrict is mennene
h eod within West Thittieth street to Tenth
ver a diagonal tine from the corner of Wear
hirticth street and Tenth avenue to the corner
of “cot Thirty fret street and Ninth avenue
cas avenue, West Twenty-ninth etreet and

ideon river

The Twenty third Election Distriet Is bounded |

ty and within West Thirty second street,
avenue
ne from the corner of West Thirty-frst street
end Ninth avenue to the corner of Weat Thirticth
treet and Tenth avenue and Tenth avenue.

Fighth Assembly Distrie.

The Tirst Election Pistriet ts bounded by and
within Fiviston street, Chrystie street, Rayard
street, Market street,
street

The Second Flection Distsict is bounded by end
within Canal street, Division street, Hayard street
tnd Chrystie street,

The Third Flection District is bounded by
within Division street, Mutgers street. Fact Proad
wa, Pike street. Henry street and Market street.

Toe rourth Flection District is bounded by end
®libin East roadway, Clinton street, Henry street
tnd Pike street

The Fifth Plection District ts eungee by and
within Grand street, Clinton street,
pe Rutgers sireet, Division street ana. Norfolk

rev?

The Siath Plection District_'s bounded by and

m within Grand street, Noriolk sireet, Pivision
street, Cana’ street and Orchard street.

The Seventh Election (etrict ia bounded py
end within Grand sireet, Alien street, Broome
street, Orchard street, Canel street and Fidridge
etree ,

The Fiehth Election Mistrict Is bounded by ana
within Grand street, Eldridge street, Canal street
tnd Chrystie street.

‘The Ninth Flection District is bounded by and
within Broome street, Allen street, Grand street
and Chrystie street,

The Tenth Election District Is bounded by and
within Stanton street, Forsyth street, Broome
tireet and Chrystie street. .

The Meventh Election District. is bounded by

and within” Rivin street, Kidridee street,
Delancey street, hard street, Broome street
and Fors) th street.

The Twelfth Blection District is bounded by

and within Delancey street, Ludiow street, Broome
Seen, Suffolk street, Grand street and Orchard

et

The Thirteenth Flection District is bounded
and wiinin Delancey street, Clinton street. Gran
ae suffolk street, Broome street and Ludiow

The Fourteenth Plection District Is bounded by

and within Rivington street, Clinton street, De-
lancey street and street.

The Fifteenth Election District is bounded by
and within Stanton street, Clinton street, Riving
ton street and Ludlow street.

The Sixteenth Election District is bounded by
and within Riviny street, Orchard treet, Stan-
ton street. Lud street, neey street end

Pidridge street.
The Seventeenth Election District is bounded
by and within Stanton Cy Orchard street,
Forsyt

Rivington street an
Ninth Assembly District.

The First Election Dtstrict is bounded by and
Fthin West Thirty sixth street, wo avenue,
Vest Thirtieth street and Hudson five:

The Second Election District te bounded by and

within West Thirty fourth arom, hth avenue,
Weat Thirty first inth ros West

at
Thirty second street and reauh avenue.
The Third Election is bounded by, and
thin West ‘Thirty fifth st

 

Seventh evenue,
West Thirty frst | street, bth avenue, West
Thirty fourth street and Ninth avenue.

The Fourth Fleet District s bounded by and
Fithin’ West Thirty fifth street, Ninth avenue,
fest Thirty-fourth street and Tenth avenue,

a The Fifth Flection Distriet ts by
Within West Thirty-eimth street, to heh oy,ges
fee i line from corner of Big’ venue and

deg Thirty sixth street to co of West an
fh street and Ninth avenue. est Thirty-A

sree and Tenth avenue.

The ~isth Election District is bounded by and
¥ iin West Thirty seventh street, Ninth avenue,
est Thirty siath street and Hudson river,

The Seventh Elect
tad within West Tniety District te

seventh street 4
@enue, West Thirty ‘sith street and merece eae

one Fienth Pleetion Distriet is bounded by and
Pain Went Thirty seventh street, Seventh avenue,
I ee Thirty -Afth street to Ninth gyense, AS

line from the cormer of West Th

and Sin avenue to the corner o:
= Street and Eighth avenue, nr eat avenue.

* “oth Bleetion Diatriot ol bounded by and
wine. es| Thirty eighth street, Seventh avenue,
Thirty seventh atreet and Ninth avenue,
ont * Tenth Election District is bounded and by
Bithin West re. n ~~ aD SeUaE nth avenue,

est Thirty-etghth Ninth avenue,
Thirty seventh street amd Hudson river.
The Meventh Electton Distriet is bounded by

we within West Fortieth at Tenth av ee:
Th Yo lrty eighth art wenn venue,

irty ninth etreet

ihe Cweitla Ries . de nt Ged oy

within We t Thirt St np avenue,

We Thirty elanth and Tent al aoa

The Thirteenth Flection ten Dieteies ts bounded by
Roe! hin a dlagonal line from the comer rot Weat

irty ninth street an th avenue to the

rer
of West Portieth street an mea’ avenue Bigain
geaue West Thirty-eig street an
ne Fourteenth. Election District In bo
e 4nd within Weat por -fAirat street. ait
ene to West Fortieth
m the comer of West Fortieth ‘street and
trea ‘o the corner of West Thirty-ninth 6 reet
id Ninth avenue, and Ninth avenue.
The Fifteenth Eiection Distries is bounded by
from the corner of West

   
   
  

  
 

within a

een aret, ® rent ue os to Wess ‘or:
Thirty ninth end ate pomen -

The Sixteemth Election
ae Oe

.
al

Ninth |
to West Thirty first street, a diagonal |

Henry street and Catharine |

and |

ee

oe wes

= Ae ia

 

ol oe were oe ew
i ot ~~ >
ad Cevatle
fhe Fp Pier Ceereee
orem Petr? cee
—— = seer, of
= wee 7 in sven
ee a ee
se etepeteg wewe
+ 10 Te ere ’ ie
wnt + eeme
he Gerener
ond SHRI Cae Feerth epee

108 a He +
1 Piers
» aren
ee

VOR Piereten lHerrtes

SA AS

j oun, Pierre lb enriet
“ao hen ae
of Ph erent and t eenne

The Pie ante Mieereen [eertve

ee oe ee
rivet scene

2 re pe we
~ oo

erm verre .

1 .cad Oe

he :
oe ieee
ie * oe FS Res ey ciel
gee oie ie ee
| Saar aeietn Mee tees | Se

we
nem F
a.
rhe

~ Tern Pierre reeretere
on) within Sigth snreet” Fires cena, TRe eamee Ee geil ee” ES 2 ae
sad “ermal 6: etree } -
in TRIPTEORTN Pieetiow Diteeriet fe heated & ne wer , |
. . A * wtree vem
fee oe ee 8 Re | oe ote, Meee | Tow)
The Peurteenss Plectom labret ie hounded - ood Fomen --

ond @hin % Marke plere to Five eam ea
wel ie from foe commer of Fira
Werke place oa ihe corner of Vvenme &

Fox SP = a ak z i? a eg a ae

     

 

ot rewr enth «treet and Seen at ee :
The Piiteent) lection feeriee (© Bow eh Nleetion Tf latrict ts  “aene Oy ard
ond @tthin Fan Ninth strest, Firm at te on aod er eat Siaty fret street, Naot ie .
Marks place att seennd avenue ' = Ay - Aileth otrect and Amaterdam avenue Fast : : panies a ent
The Sateenth Flection [letret  beneded & poonnae | heeetion rat es ” ot Noten j u —, » aa ana reer
and with Fact Vinh street Avewee A Fast Tear enn * we... aty fret | sini “Poa evonae, ene v
treet, \venue fl Seventh street to Avenue A @ | *venue, Weer Sieviern stoeet cad oe aos aan ee Dewnded By and eta ‘Tench emroee, asm eeventh “areet nt and ‘Convent
Hagens ine from the corner of Avenue 4 A The Seventeenth Fieeton peagiee anda The
ec enth street to the corner of St) Marks ene a8 and «within the tee from WwW ci | tie | sitive rp nigh sire, Pore ra tenn ee )> eet a Ninth within Weet One eo area ae
viret a enue, ant | let avenue second «treet and Ame@terdam evenue, throwgh | Some as avenue, Past Perty | a | Mehth eveoue, ae Hundred and freer
Phe Seventeenc) Nieetion Uterriet @ hounded by «the center of the Mock to West Siaty third street ‘Third avenue Tiatrtet @ bounded avert and St avenue
end within Feet Miewenth street Avetue A, Fast ope Columbus avenue, Cotumtus avende, West wae fon Dintriet te by | The rien iret Ie ram dnd ny am
Ninth street aod First avenue Siaty Oret etreet and \imeteraam avenue > aie atreet. river vettnin: SR th’ rer
Phe Fighteench Mlection MMtetriet Ie hounded by The Migtteen'h Mleetion itetriet le bewnded by Second svenur, Fast Porty- | Seventh avende eat One SG usared and Thirty
ead within Fast Mlewenth street, First avenue, 44 within West Staty second street, Ameaterdam rignth “Sereet | a aveuue fret street and avenue
ast “Ninth siecet and Seonad avenue avenue. Went Staty (fat atreet ane Mudeon river, | The Nieth fon Ltweriet aries Wo pounded by ona | | The Tween Ficesion, Frame ret Jeyaane
The Nineteenth Bicetion (Wetric: i® Pounded by The \ineteento Miection [datriet is by within Fest ¥ --, rae and —_ om One it and irty tnrd
and within Fast Thirteenth street, First avenue, | 80d within West Siaty fourth street. Cohumbus “a ninth street and avenue rane A and tev ah —=
fret street enth avenue

diagons! tine from West Siaty-third |
to Wert

Vast Tweet) street Avenue |, Fast Plewenth e@venre. 4
aivert through the center of the block

mI enmth Rea'an District is hounded by

The Twenty Oret Mection District Is bounded by
Amsterdam

street ahd Seeond avenie fret street, Firat avenue,
The Twentieth Mlection District hounded by Siaty soond street ond Amsterdam avenue, end “— ninth street and oe on avenue and wit West One Hundred and Thirty
and within ast Fourteenth street Avenue A, Fast | — —— eemecmatnain ' te street, Mey to 7S wenere =
weft" street, First ue, Past Thirteenth street ie Twentieth ection Te is Deore -sinin Wan — venue a
wae Ser oad avenue staat _ - and @tthin West Staty ‘fird street. Amaterdam | #8 aieth = rat and Foi avenue. | ‘os One Fi and Thirtieth street and
i | avenue, West Minty second street and Mudson = ae i, Fifth avenue to the corner of West eatred
i, owe within Hast Pity third surest, "Third avenue, 2 hast | fe Se oe es eo

‘ Forty ninth street and Lesington evenvue
Bleve ith Assembly District, and within Went Sixty fifth street, The aa 73 aire

street and Hudson river

avenue West Staty thi
The First Rlection istrict ts bounded be and | The Twenty second Election District ie hounded | Pes FIRy, Fam rity second pireet, Fit avenue. | Seventh aveaue, West One Hundred and Tweifth vanessa and Foirty
within West Perty fourth street. Tenth avenue, | by and within West Siaty seventh street, Ameter ‘The Fourteenth Flection District is hounded by street to hth avenue, a diagonal iine from the street « enon avenur
Vest Forty third street and Lieventh avenue dam avenue, Weet Sint) fifth street and Hudson | .44 within Kast Fifty third street, First avenue, | 9 r of West One Hundred "i | yigeoene® Mostten ineutes ty rh pounted by
The Second Nleetion Mistrict is bounded by and | Tver. | East Fifty second street and Third avenne  eente conoss oS oe _ steer, Fifth sftatrae undred Sek ent’ irty-

_— The Fifteenth Miection Distriet is bounded

within a diagonal line from the corner of Wet |
Forty fourth street and Tenth avenue to the corner

and within Fast Fifty siath street, Third svepve, The Sixteenth

of West Forty fifth street and Ninth avenue, Ninth . “
avenue, West Forty third street and Tenth avenue. Fourteenth Assembly District. Kast Fifty fourth street, Secomd avenue, and within West One ana, Fairey anh
. | Fifty thire street and Lesington oo avenue to the corner of West One Hundred ‘and | street, Fifth avenue, ae una ama,

The Stateenth Election District is bounded fourth street ee ie

Z
i
>
=
a
=
3
=
x
z
=

| The Third Election District ts bounded b

 

The First Election District Is bounded by and |

within a diagonal line from the corner i within Mast Twenty fifth sireet, Second avenue, nd within East Fifty sixth pron. Ft a

eyeepe, ee Rost! Forty Son Peees took East Twenty third street. Lrsingtom avenue, Bast | Fass Fifty Ofin street, § : Si ae FO: | wee Se Sqovien vnare a w, rrgeet
Fighth avenue West Forty third sirect and Nines | Twenty fourm sitert and Third avenue. _ fourth street and Third avenue. Dietriet to bounded by | Rourtn’t sree ms. Lance One Hundred
avenue The Second Election District is bounded by and ‘The Seventeenth Klection [istrict ie pounded | and within West One Hundred and Fourteen ona * street and tdoventh avenue,

' “he F eee — ndea by } within Fast Twenty fifth street. First avenur. and within East Fifty Ofth street, Firet avenue, | at avenue, West One Hundred Digtrict is bounded
ee, Tgurth Flection District by bow by and | Hast Twenty fourth street and Second avenue | Fast Fifty third street and 5 avenve. tb ; aes ery
within West Vorty stath street, Figntn avenue to | street to aven 0 Gagne one wi est red and Thirty fow

| West Porty fou *> street, a diagonal line from oan — res Se ert pnd The mt jerceneh } Rion Lvistriet » bounded, by ne rm coreer of ve MP avenue ead est | street avenue, West One Hundred and

0 ‘enty e ‘ st . river, und fteen ie e come

the corner of \: «: orty fourth atreet and kighth | TUM ied! wereet, Firat avenue, Fast Twenwy | Pitty third street and First avenue, ot West One H and Fourteenth street and = thd crest aa Dhetrict tp pound

| avenue to the corner of West Forty fifth street and | fifth street and Second avenue. ue, Weat One Hundred la Phir aach | &
dred

The Nineteenth Election District te oo cone Me ie .

 

: Ni N ; Bs
{ a oe teen Tien bounded by and The Fou meeten, District Is bounded by and | and within the entire island of Mackwell's felena. ’ ea hirteent Morningside eveoue p ae eta = amen Nea One
within West Forty siath street, Ninth avenue to | Within Eas nty eighth street. Vast river, Past | | Srey: st street and Sevesth avenue.
West Forty Afth street, a diagonal line from the | TWenty stam street avenue \ —_- nee eenth District ts pounded | rhe 7 entieth Feet
corner of West Forty fiten atpous ged ene pyenee | wan, pre yy Latico pared bJ and ¥ pa) ond wt yt é co ee th | and wrenin wo One, , aad “anh
to the o er of West Fort rth street an enth | ye °
avemEn, and Tenth avenue. East Twenty-sixth  strect, Second aven "Pasi { Seventeenth Assembly District. One Mundred | Fhirey fooren fourth e oa

Twenty-ftth street, Third avenue, East Twenty = boop et 7

ai to the © corger of Reventi avenue

The Siath Election District ts bounded by and fteen
within Went Forty fifth street, Tenth avenue, West | OUrth street and Lexington avenue | one re ea gh gg EY pnt aa fleenth. -—¥ *Vapbatian ona. within West One
Forty fourth street and Hudson river The Sixth Fiection District ts bounded by and avenue, Weat One Hundred and Fourtéenth sircet | street. Sevent! avenue. ‘¢ Hundred and
The Seventh Election District is bgunded by and | ithe Hat Twenty eighth sirse.. second avenue, | Q°oh, Wess EAEREY Ahind streee sae CoumDs® | Gnd Morningsiae avenue Fast | Thimy. Ath street.St. Nicholas. avenue,» Went
thin W Forty-sixtt et, Tenth os ee , | One Hund. an rty-olx an «
West F orty Oh sereet and Hudson ris -_ The Seventh Flection District Is bounded by and | _ The Second Election District ts ied by and | i. Fosrecas ere ersiet ts boundes | avenue
| within Fast Twenty ninth street. Second avenue, | &ithin West Eighty ninth street, | Park F ORG witale wee . omit - The Twenty Election Disfict is pounded
The Kighth Election District is boundea py and | raat Twenty eighth street, Third avenue i | Went, West Eighty -seventh street and Columbus | o'reet, Si. Nicholas avenue, Le) One Nundred op ‘hd vr eqonnd soggy n> Forteth
within West Forty seventh street, Tenth avenue, | Twenty seventh sirert and Lexington avenue, avenue 2 Sareapeee ee a event to West > avenue. West One Hundred and

West Forty siath street and Mudson river

it
The Righth Election District Is bounded by The Third Election District ts bounded by and | j; er trom tan corner af Week © Ore thute aren birty- seventh street and Eighth avenue.

East

The Ninth flection District is bonndet by and wi . 4
aaa . 7 within Fast Thirty Orst street, Thi avenue. thin West Ninety -firet street, Central Park West, ‘ +
ee Sn oe carers, — avenue, | Thirtieth street, & d avenue, fy ty. | West Eighty ninth street and nd Columbus ‘avenue re ee poeta, om Seventh grams to oe ones mm. vee oe third Rectige Pee pesrtee * Dbounsed
The T th Hiection District te be ded 0 a | Bate ewoet aad ‘Lexington avenue The Fourth Election District is bounded by and | Bighth avenue, and Fighih avenue. treet, Seventh avenue, West ‘One Wesles on and
| within West Forty seventh street, Righth avenue The Ninth Election District is bounded by and | within West Ninety-shird street, Central Part | ‘The iifteenth Election District ts bounded b 8 street and Edgecombe avenue.
. Eighth avenue, | winim Fast Thirtieth street, East river, East | West, West Ninety-fret street and Columbus and within West One Hundred an Fightocat® he Twenty-fourth Election District is bounded

West Porty sixth street and Ninth avenue,
{ "The Fleventh Election District Is bounded by
and within a diagonal tthe from the corner of West
| rory eighth street and Ninth avenue to the corner
1° est: Forty ninth street and Fighth avenue,
Fighth avenue, West Forty-seventh street and |

avenue. West One

by ie within West One Hundred and Forty first
street gecombe avenue, West One Hundred
and Portieth street, Pighth avenue, West One

Hundred and Thirty sixth street and St. Nichotas
~~ oe
“tp By yy District ts bounded

Eighth avenue
sia aieentn street, Morningside avenue
undred and Seventeenth sireet

Sitten avenue.

ine mateonse | Sigpeien, Doses is and te eke | 0

Twenty cighth street and Second avenue
The Tenth Election District is bounded by and
within Fast Thirty frst street, East river, Past

|

}

| Thirtieth street and Second avenue
The Eleventh Flection District Is bounded by and

“Bast, west

The Fifth Liection District ts bo
within West Ninety fourth street ean
nue, wm Ninety third street, Broadway,
“a first street and H
The Siath Hection, District ts ‘nougea by

a street, Second w

Ninth avenue. within Fast Thirty secon avenue, N
oe. Tyres i —— lon Die riet is Dounded by and aan —, Cait oan East Tulrty | pi ty fo aartbresaca Wen cot Ninety: Soratecetn, street on serach Bast faunh ae terdam avenue, Went ands Wes.
West Forty seventh street and Tenth avenue. ° The Twelfth Flection District Is boui by and a avenes, ba plstrict, é weatetn Grea and TH oe street, St} Nehelas venue,

within East Thirty-fourth street, —
Fast Thirty-third street, Second -a@
Thirty second street and Lezington avenue.

The Thirteenth Election }istrict ta bounded by
and within Thirty third street, Fase river,
Fast Thirty first street and § avenue.

The Fourteenta Election District is "Bast iver,
aud within East Thirty -fourth orm, F Fast river,

and Second a'

The
hi
Sleoet, Soe treet On West _ Hundred and Thirty third

vHungtes ana fatten avea)
Aveave Wess,

pariherrbe car Bente bat :
street and im “One Han iat asd tc
| acters Resin coe Sarat
eter ‘
with wet upd ‘and Thirtieth

sitnin
cet Ninety third street and Columbus evenue.
th n District te
enue ieee stacey ¢ bth street, recente” Pare Pars
West, West Nimety-Ofth street
avenue.
The Ninth Election District is bounded by and
natn West Nimety sixth street, Optumbus avenue,

The Thirteenth Election District Is bounded by
and within West Forty ninth street, Elevent
avenue, West Forty -olghth street, ‘Tenth avenue,
West Forty seventh street and Hudson river
The Fourteenth Election District bounded by
nd within West Forty ninth street, Tenth avenue,
Nest Forty eighth street and Eleventh avenue.

oe Vee ek
ana Election District ts bounded
by and wi hi we Gee Hundred ona Forty rst
and Tnirty Arn. st Arth st See haseom avenue, , .
One undred and ie fourth street and #road-
4

= Sees Eats

The Fifteenth Flection District is bounded by

 

ad within West Forty -ninth street to Ninth avenue, — rae third atreet reedw e Twenty-seven ton District na
adie na al line from the corner of West Forty ion | ¥tfteénth Plection Oran by Weat The Tent y -Afth oe oe i, by yaad were w nia Breck wees oan oe
stree@ and Ninth avenue to the corner of Tenth | A within Vaee Thirty arth stress, Second avenue, wnt 2, 'ifest eee Durie ‘tre ta Went ne —_ boentes LB Ray & ty
avenue and West Forty-cighth street and Tenth | Past Thirty third } we dy Third avenue. West N -Oftn street Weer Ena seuebeten W at One Hund Bee third street and nd Hudson river,
avenue. The Siateenth Rieotion Distriet ls bounded by | Ninety fourth street and Hi avenue, Wi wai

The Sixteenth Election District ts bounded by and within East Thirt tit. The enth Election oe | aren vrteath stro Broed way) Weet un- a
and within a diagonal line from the corner of Tenth | avenue, East Thirty -Afth Ktreet and avenue. within Wea Ninety seventh poco treet
21 West Fors math styeet and "Ninth avenue, | ana'siihin’s Stagonal line from the commer ot tam | venve, Nant Ninety nth rent ond Treasway, 4 | an thin West let (ection Dirt ou eae Sener sere

z . rom o

Ninth avenue and West Forty-cighth street, Thirty ainth ich ena’ Goonna the | ,,Phe Twelfth, Election District ie by and | Street hinsterdam avenue, West One ee The First Election Disirict ts bounded by and

ven ui
street, clurnbus ave- Twentieth street a Broadway. East ty-third street, First avenue,

 

of East Thirty seventh strent. wand rites

y-elgbth
The Seventeenth Election District is bounded by | corner est Ninety any street and Broadway. Ee ee ecsted Boy 7 oe

    

4 within West Fiftieth street, Eighth avenue to ' avenue, East Thirty-seventh street, mask river, nue.
Wost Forty ninth street, a dlagonal line from the ; Enst Thirty-fourth street and The Thirteenth Ope Hund are & Hy powetes aS with "Went One Hung un a Teer ty ‘ith sree, The § Syeond Election tion Diairict Is boun nded by
corner of Eighth avenue and West Forty-ninth The Eighteenth Flection rict is guaded ty and within os Oe tterdam avenve, Weat grea Ty ioe Boos within Fast Righty -third pireet. Bast
sizges to ,the corner ot roms Forty rotgnth street nad eritnin Fast aot Thirty gat otgeet, mot vive, aera ee hers i neta: -fourth street Broadway. Eighty-second street and First avenue.
R . . 8 rty-seven a TPheDwenty Distric The unded Db,
The Highteenth Flection District is hounded by | diaganel line from the comer St Fires avenue way Ww laety seventh. te and . Say vain Tels Berwin Fhowrics be Bast river . gna
and within West Fiftieth street, Ninth avenue, | Hast Thirty-seventh street to the corner of ver. on ih eo avenue we un - Sigety sce reet and Avenue
West Forty-ninth street and Tenth avenue. Thirty-siath street and Second avenue, and The Fou eat. Sug ie a th a Sred atreet and Ameterdam avenue. District is bounded by and
The Nineteenth Election District is Bounded by Gvenee. Xwoterdam avenue, The Twenty thre ‘ wit ae street t river, Rast
and within West Fiftieth street, ‘Tenth avenue, | | The Nineteenth Flectlon treat ba rivets Haak on 2c vane Wweat One, Huns and mite veaue A. Teast Eignty tourta
West Forty ninth street and Hudson river. LY AY. street West s » sod | treat con evenue, Morn avenue 7 — aod Feet od
The Twentieth Election District ts bounded by Thirty: th street and Second The ¥ District, te pounded by ont dred and Twenty street,
wl ein irc etna | ame swine nigh ey | wt" Mayet | ee Ac oe tet Sete sna ahege
venue, '* ° | w venue, @
West Pintern strect and Hudson river. ins Tears ~seventh street sod'Third ave avenue. me" Ninety- Ameterdam by ahattan feat Oo fe Bevades line from the corner of Second ave tio and Bane
eo Twent Fleet rat Clection Dtst ‘la bounded t street to the corner 0} ty -
by ys within vem Fift Aree crest, Ninth evenue, and a witnia {nia Fast re ret oreeet, 5 aes west ana pe Rincon 7 eae 4 ane Twenty Arty Rlecton Diatrit Ee street 4 First avenue, n
Weat inion street and Tenth avenue, vonmee street and Lexington @ Peat Went Mansi, Sigwue et sees ond fans an niriy second Gath District te et by and
The Twenty second Election District \s bounded yer District ples te pounded | a — Mannatte street, sittin, Bowe fth a wet ovenus je
by ar nnd wrinin West Fifty -first street, Eighth avenue, and i indp ant vn ge pecs rhe Be pwenty. “ninth ehty. efi a
street and Ninth avenue. unied ver, Be cota: comer "ot med ask iret
Tne Twenty-third Election District is bounded | Forw-frst street ‘and Lexington avenue, tent Ris Tee Teeny an boundea Ena SSoon ¥- venue, and Sit Bann
py and within West Fifty-second street, Fighth aiieeeiad Columbus saveaue, reat, Th Wr thirg .
avenue, West Fifty -Nrst street and Ninth avenue, aoa W Menhattan Ban min Bast in bounded by
The Twenty-fourth ection District 1 bounded ‘pease street, bisewer, pies in Bast est Mighty att teats mee ¥ Second avenue,
by and within West Fifty-second street, Ninth Fifteenth Assembly District. atta Wee pe Hund : By
avenue, West Fifty -first street and Tenth avenue, ten tf arcs Sarees river. ty sevens street an ea. 4. strict is ear oy ond
— Wear ate t a aa savenue. sire Phird ave , ty-

yn ty ey

    
 
    
 
 
  
  
  
 
     

Boies street, A ew A, py end

sid oer te s bounded by and
treet to Avenue A, 3

4

Twentieth Assembly District.

The by and
avenue,

Base Seveniy fourth et -
Etat Seventythira sre and Taina evant.
Fase potas, Seren atu ana stro, ecard sen,

sine tah aes ted Wee eo | ae

ret avenue.

Twelfth Assembly Distriet.

The First Riectge District is bounded b:
witnin Fast ifth street, Avenue bs, Bast

street and Avente A.

The § Election District le bounded
within Tae hearth street, Avenue 0, Sot hen ath
street and Avenue fh.
he Third Election District is bounded
Fast Twelfth street; Avenue D, Fast
street, Fast river, Figbth street, Avenue

eee Sere cae
ee ARENA
es Fat

witee , cor Sint teres th

‘ aty seven

Sart Senta “siecle, Goke
iaty ifth atre ood anutentom

‘Thre Election
within West Silaty ee
Siaty-eeventh = >

The Fourth
within West seventen’
West Sixty ninth
Sizty seventh street a

"reatn

=e
ae

a ana sence ies Ren tat Mass

D. rast Tenth street and Avenue C. The Ftth Election 2 Se

The Fourth Fiection District is bounded by and | within West Sixty -ninth street, mgnreen nian rates Election te by end corner of Avenue 4
Thatta saan aes Soom ae) Wet a hh ren aa ak | Sara Eau cew ae en ee ee | Bae a

‘ t

The Viftn Election District ts hounded py ged waitin Weat auecatios csnen Late Election District te The 4 py | sail Highty seventh street Past Bnd
within Bast Fourteenth street, Avénue st | Weet Bisev sights street oad As | Hae und Fi ‘ etreet, Avenue A, East > Baenty. fy -tignth ate yl feast ‘wer,
Twelfth street and Avenue A. the Ghestium Dstaneten vest ' rn. oo *

: —__ Biection District ie bout by

The Sixth Election District Is bounded by and
within East Sixteenth street, Avenue B, Kast Four
teenth street, Avenue A, to Fast Fifteenth street,
& dlogens! ine from the corner of Bast Fifteenth
a d Avenue A to the corner of East Sixteenth
etreet and First avenue.

within

w eat, Went The by and
The

within

est Seventy fourth street,
West Seventietb ntreet,

hth Election sand do
eat Seventy free eee,

uty elsth street ‘ad ‘Second

ton Dwsseet 2  poantes by
wt Ser a Second
net Laghty-olstn street and PThird avenue.

oon
avenue,
avenue,
The + japable Election
and wii

  

street
ead

at nay Siva a el eee

we See meen rans ue

ESESET 58 ETESE 55 858 E55 FR FR BTS TS Fg 88s

aoe

  
   
   
    
   
    
     
         
     
    
     
      
   

 

 

 

w enty second ones
The Seventh Election District !s bounded by and be Seventy first . SO ome 7G one avenue,
yitnio a s diagonal | ne from ite, comer of | Fast West Seventieth street and i river. | gpa erttn a spat saree rhsste ‘Sven 4 ah sito ad Lexington 2 or” by | The Firteentn Election n District is bounded vy
Siieaet Fifteenth street and Avenue A. Avenue A. ane Yee Boone Sew © poendes by, ctrost and sina mtn Boventy-coventh strect, Firgt | 20d) within Rienty sipenin terest Teird avenes,
East Fourteenth street and First avenue. w paths — ae, street, Bi har = “Tn hy-cisth street and Second Bast Blehi aath street and Lezington soahen sie

West nd avenue
venty-first strort and H river.

The Tenth Election District | tou by
within West Seventy-fourth street,
avenue West Seventy second street and Broadway

The Ele Election Distriet by was
Weet Wer Bevin th ratrest onerat abe awe,
West Seventy fourth street and Broa way.

eRe welts Pisetion eee \s

Weet,
we "Seventy fifth street and Amsterdam avenue |

e Thirteenth EFlect’on District is Bounded by
and ‘within est Seventy. th

 
  
 
 

The Sixteenth EFleetion District Is bounded by
gas. within East Eighty- a atreet, Avenue A,
Ease Bighty - ty ervente atree Second avenue.
th ction District ts genrges
by eee “gina Fast Pighty -ei| a3 eesers
ovens, Bes ty -eeventh st nd Avenue Ac
th Election District “e se funded by
: eee -second street at river,
street and Avenue A
The Fee th Election District is bounded by
rt Ninety.eccond street. Avenue
A, ight eighth street and First avenue, ,,
The Twentieth Election District ts bounded by

East ninth street, First
ehty mae Terese and ad won”

ue,
Ninth Plection District is bounded by a
th street, Braet river, East
First avenue.

The Fighth Election District ts bounded oy on
githla East Seventeenth street, Livin on place,
Siateenth street, First avenue, ur-
A street and Second avenue.
The Ninth Election District {Is bounded ors and
by | within East Eighteenth street, Second
East Pou th street, Irving place, East Fitteenth
street and Third avenue.
re Tenth Election Miatrict is bounded by pee
a. es Eighteenth street, First avenue,
ares eae place, East Seven-
sivest and a
oie s bound
venue A,

T tier nvsteint Is Mounted be and
wt acetal he eee oe

iene er apport tn | Be

by and
pen ond think weenee
hehe eet District te Bounded by | ,

y sighth stress, Third avenue,
Sarees ict ee a ven ue.
oy

  

Fast nd, ata

Sole st
aan Bieveath Eighicen

wie ae enth street,
Sateen wirect & ag rst avenue.

2 | stveet,
i. ieetion District is bow ‘4 by | dam avenue, West Seventy - street and oy
Tw ot tha . dam | 0) Firaten Dewaes areene Etat £4 ee, The Twent first Fieetlon Dietrick is bounded by
Sixteenth treet an ant Aven Pitty -cigth street and Viet aves 4 | gad. Bighty-ninth street and Second aveue. i!

The ghey second ad treet iroadwe a

Weat
Mecion Distt I 5 bended by
ty street, Amater-

second The Fifth eotion District ts
Seventy-eighth street and
jon Diairct

within Sixty -second
Past Fifty ninth street, Third avenue,
heieth nese sae

a seas as Seana = rat

The Thirteenth Election Ditto ie bouaged by
and within Fast Siatcenth street, A wage ©
Seventeenth strect, ast river, Yast Surtomnin
street and, Avenue B.

The Fourteenth Election District is pounded by
and within East Eighteenth street, East river, Kast
Seventeenth street, Avenuc C, East Sla teenth
caret and Ave Aveatte h.

tion District te

eh = je ot Twenty orect, East rivers id
ne MACNN Blaniien Diasiet My bounded by

Election Mistrict is hounded
East ¥ -Oret street, First avenue,
East Ninetietb street and Second avenvwe,

_-—

Twenty-third Assembly MDistrivt.

erate

Goaek tot 1» bounded by

fon Distr’
street, Avenue A, Raat
avenue.

District te bounded
lectin Dierct 6 ounded

SES | oe
nate | "asad ,

+) a ee

Fi

 
    
 
   
  
    
   

thin a
ue, West

i A 3
: i ee
5 s € 5B a
Q F cies ht in z all a
eg ine Se
332 acu 31
23 ft
og
a8 fs 3
(ue ii}
i 7g
i fs

f
bo
‘c

 

pe. oor Baty An etro Bicotion District ts boanded by en

= ze

gree ress;

   
 
 

yoga SMe cre tee

   
 
  
    
 
  

   

  

cre, a magergam Soren

riwer.
mates eal ay ap
oe, | pret. went « ae

atreet and

The Twentieth Preeti
and on. West Tne te uagne
streety ’ Niehatge acer
re street aS avenue

“nm age and
Wen One Hundred aod Forty slat

i SS
EE
-

   
 

Cenvent avenue
The Twenty frst Mection fietrict te
and within Wen One Fi and
strect, \materdam avenue, Ae
Dae

Piftioth street, Convent av
and Forty <a eos atreet and

The Twent
by and within ‘Wee West One erpe ears mht
street, Anneterdam avenue, Wost One
Fer'y ototh Street and Hudson ao

ae Twenty-third Flection District is

 

by and oie West Ges pedred end = S
street, St rdgecom aven
Gre ae Nundred diy) th street. st 5
Hund a ye
One Hundred and Fifty. second
street and St. Nicholas avenue.
The Twenty-fourth ff
by and within West One
street, St. Nicholas avenue, oe One Wie
Fifty.second street. Convent aven
Hundred and Fiftieth street a
avenue
The Twenty fifth lection ee
end ohnin Went Cus Hundred Vana ratty fi aa
Amsterdam avenue, West One
first street and tudeon river.
The Twenty stath Election Di Mandy
and within West rw"
street, Speedway One
fifth street and juan river.

The Tw onty oe
we and wile West one

St. Nicholas aven

ond sixtieth street, Speedway ea Sei He
and Fift y-eighth street aod it

The Twenty Seat cine Election peer
by and vient wens
street, eee
street, $? vt as aaa, “Weet Tne ena
Staty first a and Broadway.

The Twenty-ninth esmen Diep
by and within West One Hundred
etreet, Harlem river, West One Nandeva
fourth street. Broadway. oo
Sixty fret street and Hudson river

The Thirticth Election District ls ce eaitnees by and
Within West One Hundred an eee ee
Harlem river, West One Hundred and Sisty- yaaa
street and Hudson river. -

The Taurty peaet Election Dieprtet i ts
and w nin V 8 Ope Bue Myed Piguty are
street, seaswer.
eighth street, Rlitortean” avenue, est One ‘an-
dred and Fighty-trst atreet, Hariem River,
One Hundred and Seventy-first street and Mudsow
river.

The Thirty-second Flection District ts Dow
by and within West One nee and <n
street, Amsterdam avenue,
and Seventy-eighth street and J Sreodwer.

y ee. third woot District te bounties,
on t a ie Inwood 8 reet
river, West On und

Amsterdam avenue, W eat One coer.
third street, Broadwa, yy ee West On
Eighty -frst street and
- The Tey somes Taeetiog”Datroy

and within cyna en
Harient river, Dyckman wireet, inwood street
Hudson river

and

——
—

7

Twenty-fourth Assembly District.
The First Election District Is bo by
within Bast Mighty-minth street, ire oy .588
Fast Elghty-eighth street end Lexington avenue,

The Second Election District is bounded by and
within Bast Mighty ninth street, Second avenues
Fast Etehty-clahth street and Third avenue,

The Third Liection District te bounded by
within Past Ninctieth street, Second orenee,
Evgbty -ninth bireet to Lesington ever and

jagonal jine from the corner Sr ast Ei roiy'ain
Siete and Lexington avenue to the corner
avenue and Hast Nineticth street

The Fourth Election District ts bounded by and
within Fast Ninety third me  Deeee a ant
Fast Ninety second stiree rst a LS,
Ninety y frat street, wenead Pe
street to Third avenue, diagonal ie Petes
corer of Enst Nineuieia etree ‘ni
to the corner of East Eighty-ninth street and
ington ovens, Lexington avenue, East rand base “rss
street and Third uveuur

win Fifth Election Disuict ls Dgyages by

thin t Ninety-third street, Sinety:
Fast Ninety fourth street, East river, Rast
second street and Sevond avenue.

The Siath Elcetion District !s vou by and
within t Ninety -fourth pint rst avenue,
East Ninety-third street an ‘rd avenue.

‘The Seventh Fiection District ts uated by and
within East Ninety- = sireet avenue,
East Ninety-sixth street, East river, fast Ninety-
fourth street and Thi avenue.

ane Pichi Bisctien Dhesstes fs bounded by end
x ast Nine’ iy eeeene stree:, Sece venue,

act Ninety -Anth street and Third’ aven

a Ninth Flection District 2

within East Ninety -ofmth oro
Ninety -sizth street,
seventh street and ind avenue
The Tenth lection Mist
within ae Re Hundred ana ore a

re

st river, Niaety ninth street
avenue.
The K.eventh Election Le aw! ge |
and within One Hundred and First Oy
Thira cates Sean Ninety ginth street and Lem-
ue.

d| ke Bert ones baad District ts
A | avente, Kast ied and Gesond otreat |
—

‘The Thirteenth lection 7 Dine,
fRaington event avenue, Rr one it
+ avenue.
ird nae hs

Leszington avenue.
sonar ee
ne fh

rans at One H
Lexington avenue.

The Sixteen Election District Is hounded
within East One Hundred and Fitth se
avenue, Fast One Hundred Second street
Third —

The jeenth Flec
and ‘within hia ast bs Wéed red avd “ang gut ‘etest
East river
and Secondgve
oe

>

Twenty-ffth Assembly District.

fhe First Ligeiion Disitt ta bounded
within Charies street, West Fourth wares. CUriouet
pher street and ker street

Feud Election District ts poyeded d
wins West Fleventh Greet, ct Zee
= street and Bleecker
‘he Third Election Tiestier tt . bounded end
thin West Fourth street, West Elev treet,
ok street and Eignth avenue, —_
be Fourth Election District is Down
within Jane street, Greenwich atone, way oon
Waverly place, West Cleventa Ssveet and Wees
f bouw

Yourta street.
Fieventh street, a

sae, Weat Eieevion Dietrie:
Weal ‘welt
pa ees

aT
ae eee joven

    
      
  
  
 
 
 

 
  
    

‘reet,