VOYAGE GF THE &DAY BOAT

sr arr eee WER THe Hin wate
oF WER HeTHAA THe

mews

Angee GmErIO en HheHre ant 4 Prrue

€ at @ Way <1 Betert Fnttres Renwtte
ee Frew w @ Parner 09 Trees tae

Tie afetet fone of the beewente fer

Per crt germ fe coer cae 6 free (@ Reed |

wieween «=o he we hw Ce oe vermont |
am Wa «= few’ ce fie

« owenehin je fhe (eet coment te Oot jntn

wre fathert of fone tee Cnee

he wh fens Beet of A wea |
Suertee ®orntee aot thet fee ie

ret mown fe She opted fe

wt thet @eeete Merete Weheein af fry!

low peatorher mrarning Sew Forte cine |

ine for che flee hee differences te |
sown tewten ant Wee Verh fie five
eee ¢ teen 10 here  ominetee off
fee fhe Lester traeeiiod 7 fan |
ation) vile Her average ay cert wae |

« « freetien oneter twenty four hee |
ahe be @ene fone aiilee mere in the
heve heen caaeety |

" weet

conte four note
« Loetenia after fnabhing ber long
pee’ op Pile Leonard ( Neleon

i then anehored neer the her wanting |

oO) eunriee @hen the Ambrose Channet |
could be epen Tt eae ahbent @ a0 o'eloek |

Len ahe stele ewaey from her anchorage |
nd entered the harbor and at 7 40 oelonk
che had passed between the forte at the
Nerrowe and anchored off Quarantine |

Dr Doty, the health offleer of the port, |
boarded her and at a quarter before @ ehe |
bal passed the necessary forma@ity and
cae on her way to her pier Bw that time
tye harbor was well Miled with versela of
alieorta = Fach one saluted and the recep-
hon was almost aa big as when the Lausi-
tana oarnved here on her first voyage
four weeks ago. Only once did she sound
her abril siren and that waa aimply to |
give a signal to an appfoaching steamer

Capt. Watt and Chief Engineer Duncan
were well pleased with the result of the
aecond westward voyage. When Capt.
Watt waa asked if she could do better, he
rephed: “Ain't that goodenongh?" Then
he chuckled and added: “She ie a daisy.
Yes, it's in her to do better. With good
conditions throughout the voyage she
will make faster voyages and there are
more records for the Lusitania.”

The voyage is told ma few words and
the details are from the log of the steamer
The trip from Liverpool to Queenstown |
was uneventful. She took her mails on
board et Queenstown, slipped quietly out
ef the herbor and was abreast of Daunt's
Rock at 10:25 o'clock on Sunday morning.
That was the oflicial atart in the race and at |
that time her huge furnaces were eating
up the cowl as fast as the firemen could
shovel it in °

By noon on Sunday the steamer had gone
forty-one miles from the Rock. The Trish
coast was. soon lost astern and when out
on the Atlantic she found a fresh north-
westerly wind afd rather rough sea, not
favorable conditions for top but |
she hustled along and by noon on Monday
had run 590 miles, -

In the afternoon on "a the epndi-
tions improved. The wind dropped and
the sea was smoother. Up to noon on |
Tuesday she had run 608 miles and broken
the record of the Deutachland, 601 miles,
fora single day's run. To show his appre- |
ciation of his men's work Chief Engineer |
Dunean ordered that the firemen have an
extra allowance of ale. The next day she
did better. Her run to noon on Wednes-
day was 617 miles, and she had broken her
own record.

By this time it was evident toall on board
that unless something unforeseen happened
she would get to the end of her vovage
within five days. There was much eager-
ness to learn what the ship was doing at |
all times of the day.

The engineers and firemen bent (heir
energies to make another record for the |
next day's run, but the conditions were not
favorable. There was fog, a stronger wind
and the seas were high. As it was she did
6.0 miles up to noon on Thursday and that
put her 324 miles from Sandy Hook light-
ship. She made the 131 miles to Nanftficket
lightship by 5:25 in the afternoon and
ended her voyage a few minutes after |
yesterday morning.

The Lusitania brought over 400 saloon
passengers, 473 in the second cabin and
1,121 in the steerage, a total of 1,904. Among

‘the passengers were the Hon. Claude Bra-
lwzon and Griffith Brewer, who are here to
take part in the international balloon rage |
that will start at St. Louis on October 21.
Their balloons will come on another
steamer, Other passengers were United |
States Senator kugene Hale of Maine, |
who went overin the ship on her at voy- |
age; Mre.“Kdrmund L. Baylies, A. 3? Chere-
brough, Mr. and Mrs. Stuart Coats, the Rev.
Dr. Robert Collyer, Mr. and Mrs. George 8S.
Coxe, Viscount d'Alte, Portughese Minister |
to the United States; Mr. and Mrs. B. N. |
Duke, Col. and Mrs. James Elverson, Sir !
Samuel Faire, Mark Hambourg, the pianist;
Mrs. Hambourg, Charles 8. Harper, H. Hol-
linghurst, Cavalcanti de Lacerda, secretary
of the Brazilian Legation; Lieut. Col. W.
RB. Leisham, Mra. Lewis Luckenbach, G. |
(roydon Marks, M. P., the Marquis Sommi |
Picenagdi,.Mr. and Mrs. James I. Pierce, |
Dr. Johp Van der Poel, Mr. and Mrs. William |
Rutherford, Marquis Dusmet de Semours
and Dr. and Mrs. D.C. Trott.

The passengers had the usual concert in |
the saloon on Thursday evening. A good
eum was subecribed toward the Seanman's
Orphan Fund and after the ebip, the line,
the captain and the officers had been laude‘.
8. Croydou Marks, a Member of Parliament, |
said it wae all right to remember the tine. |
the shipbuilders and the officers, but “where |
io the fellows below the water line come |

in? I mean the men whg have fed the ship |

with the food she needed to do what she

* tithe

has done. It’s no fun to nurse a record |
breaking liner. It's hot work and I want
vou all to

i me in three good Anglo-
American cheers Zor the fellows with the,
strong arms an
faves.”

The cheers were. given and in a more prac-
tical way the gers showed their
appreciation of the firemen's work. They
subseribed $625, which was sent below to

be divided.

\ccording to the reports of the engineers,
these men fad not had an easy time. They
were men selected by pagmeer Duncan
and they shovelled into the furnaces about
1.000 tonsa of coal a day. On Wednesday
night one of the firemen was overcome by
the heat and physical strain and went
insane, He attacked his mates with his
shovel and had to be overpowered and
talen to the hospital.

The Rev. Dr. Robert Collyer took part
in the entertainment and recited “Saxon
“rit,” of which he is the author. Dr.
Collyer was born in England. He came
hore fifty-seven years ago and yesterday
said he would not attempt to depict the
discomforts of the packet he in,
which he better remembered by the name
Atrocious. he had enjoyed this
trip immensely. He had been to his old
home, Ukley, In Yorkshire, with his niece,
Mrs. Roberts, to dedicate a Carnegie |li-
rary. He is now 84 years old and sixty-
nine years ago he worked as a blackemith
in his native village.

Several German naval cagingere were
on board, They studied the ship thoroughly
and took many measurements and

graphs. A special engineer of the Cunard

line made the trip to see how things ran. 1907. . 1907 1906.
This was Sapereneens Engineer Thomp- | 0A. M....... « | SP. M...... ae «.
COO ee ee ee ee ee ee Pie ee

performance. He estimated that she had
ugnes between 950 and 1,000 tons of coal
a day. °

An American engineer on board said that
the best work done as far as the engines
were concerned was up to noon on Thursday,
but adverse weather ons made her
Tun for that day only 600 miles. He
thought that if adverse winds and seas had
= mpeeee the vease] she would have made

miles. ;
At the Cunard Line it was
record

    
    

Pie
thee

 

| ing what to do with the monkey. when alon
came Farley and told him he ought to aen

| can see for yourself nt
| cuss, He broke into the medicine chee

Monee 4
“ator

  

I Rowen of einen ead Nee

alle fend Whew fie bilge clive ete (he
Veet Cerrven Clee ew feted fre (he paver

acer! voure

f 7 porter withy ie betee tay
“ -— caprery one

fret in abet we 6 hewn fhe crate
theven ef te that ¢ fa toet cone

Wins. the erect or than the Reterr
' tT) of ovr wen tine ff le better
to hewe held end leet a freeret than newer

te hewe hele one

Wrernirinns WaNmRY IN vant
_

Sathentie Cammitment an Fite S@ninet

the Gtten in Yew Mranewirn 9 4

New Rearwawiee NF Oe th A Both
American monkey hae heen committed
to the Middleans county jail here for mali.
cious misehief, and there ie an authentic
cormmitnent on Mle againet hin

“When To eee in charge of sheriffs depu-
ties down at Sayreville several monthe age.”

| anid Warden Charles Rogera to-day, “trying
| te keep atrikera from running away with

the clay pita there T got acquainted with
thea very aame monkey He seemed to
take to me right at the start, One night
Tanw him at Freeholder Joe Avaniv's hotel
and some fellows were feeding him on beer
f oaid to mevaetf right then that thal monkey
was learning bad habita and would get in
jail some day

“Pat Fariey (he's the constable down
there) heard me say that to myself, and he
said right out that he would he the fellow
who would arreat the monkey if ever he
broke the ce of that community
the other night the monk alipped out of his
chain and went out for a etroll Casper
Shuler, the justice of the peace, has or
had as fine a garden of flowers aa you
would want to see. The tnonk visited that
yard and when he got through you couldn't
tell a Callistephus chinesis froma geranium.

“Yes, Shuler was mad. He was wonder-

4

it to jail. And so Farley brought it up here

| for thirty days for disorderly conduct and
| to await the action of the Grand Jury on a

malicious mischief charge :
“He's entered up as Petro Parbuza. You
He's an intemperate
t
tita wine

last night. He must have thou

collar.

bother him a bit

“His owner? Oh, he thinks somebody

| down around Freehold atole Petro, and he's
, down there looking for him.”

 

COURT GOES BACK 300) YVEARS

And Learns the Treadwelis Are Not En-
Utled te Any of Miss Purdy’s 100,000.
Waitt Prains, N. Y., Oct. 1.-Many

unusual complications regarding relation-

ship figured in the trial of the suit brought

 

i
|
}

|

|

And |

Theme enepevrtane
Mer gre come aT Pm the Peomie of coommirterre.
thew

Pirie are hein mmnde in cortain quer.
fora 1 prremnne from fie lniteretete Corn

ene ba with pre@ret thet (he Merth | Mieree Connirinston an onder for an inenHtre
deve

inte (he prep merger of fie Moet
and Vane and the Sew Fork, Sew Mawen
met Martford Matlrend companion on five
around (het 1) eet he tn apres viento
fhe cf Che Cerne cf Chee Mlverrnen antl. ere
ant The Attorney -(eneret hee already
AVR ernie attention te (hte fatter

The conference helt at fhe Pepe rtrnent
af Juation to-daw the Harriman cease whieh
hee heen henging fire for mney mente,
wae conm lene
Interetate Commerce Conmmiaaion that ne
uaeful purpome would be aerved he an in.
vestigation of the menagement of the
Great Northern and Northern Pacific com.
panies, better known aa the Mill road,
which have been charged alee in an in-
Whether

act the

Attorney-General will |

   
     
  
  

prasibie orehengre
the London Foreian Offer and the Wash.
formal way with violations of the antt-truat ington State Department, war nipped in |

the bud to-day when James T. Mat leary

Meregard the conchisions reached by the | gepond Aasietant Postmanter-General, an.

commiasion remains to be seen

{

novuneed that it waa not frve, aa reported

The Government therefore hae up for | in Liverpool, that he had recommented the
selection of Holyhead, a city on the comet |

consideration one way or another the
question aa to whether the Union Parific
and the Southern Pacific, Harriman lines;
the Boston and Maine and the New Vor.
New Haven and Hartford and the Great
Northern and Northern Pacifie shall be
prosecuted under the Sherman act ae com-
binationa in restraint of trade. By some
authorities each of theee cases ia declared
to be on all fours with the others as far as
the law is concerned. Tim point to he de-
cided, according to official authority, is
whether any or all of these combinatians
are wholesome or unwholesome in their
influences on interstate trade

There ia good reason to believe that the
Administration in view of the supplemental
railroad legislative — programme alreedy
partly outlined by the President will pro-
ceed with great deliberation before any
action is taken looking to the filing of suite
in the courts against the railroads named.

| The President has practically placed him-
| self on record in favor of the repeal of the

before Justice Keogh at White Plains by |

Serah J. Gedney, as administratrix of the
estate of Abigail Purdy, a spinster of White
Plains, for a partition of $100,000 worth of
property left by Miss Purdy.

; about 100 claimants:

Mias Purdy left no brothers or sisters and

‘ all of the contestants have been cousins and
second cousina,

eutting off Leman B. Treadwell and his
not connected by blood relationship to the
deceased. Mr. Treadwell and his sisier
alleged that they were her second covsins
and Judge Keogh took three days ‘to ex-
amine into the genealogy of the Treadwell
family. Many documents were produced
in court and a big family tree wae drawn
for the jurors showing the relationship

| for 300 years.

GOV. HUGHES 70 THE DLA, R.

Mrs. Donald McLean and Squadron A Also
on View at Jamestown Fair.

NorFouk, Va., Oct. 18 -This was Daugh-
ters of the American Revolution Day at
Jamestown and Gov. Hughes of New York,
Gov. Swanson of Virginia, Harry St. George
Tucker and Mrs. Donald McLean of New
York, president genera! of the D. A. R.,
made speeches. Mra. MeLean presided.
Mra. Samue! W. Jamison of Roanoke, State
regent for Virginia, delivered the address
of welcome,

Gov Hughes put in a busy day about

the ex ition grounds. Accompanied by
Mrs. Hughes and his official Party. inelud-
Ne

ing Adjutant-General Henry of New York,
he witnessed a apecial drill by Squadron A,
N. ¥.N.G. of New Yorkcity. TheGovernor
wae the guest of honor of Henry J. Kent at
breakfast at the Missouri bui ing. This
afternoon he was a guest of Gen. Fred D.
Grant for a boating trip on Hampton Roads
and the lower Chesapeake
TO BREAK OP THE COAL TRUST,

 

Colorado's Attorney-tieneral to Sue the
Combination That Ratsed Prive of Fuel.
Denver, Oct. 11.—The Attorney-General,

backed by all the powers and legal ma-

chinery of the State, is going after the
coal trust in Colorado. Appeals to him
from many parts of the State to break up

rice of fuel in ower, city and town in the
tate, have caused him to take this step.
For the last week he has been securing
evidence in Denver and elsewhere to be
used in an action which will be instituted
against the coal combinations within the
next week. There is no anti-trust statute
in Colorado, but there is a well defined
remedy in the common law.

The Weather.

The storm over the Lake regions was moving
Vely slowly eastward yesterday; the winds and
rainfali had very materially diminished, only light
showers being reported in northern New York and
northern Michigan and light sow at White River,
Canada,

Fair weather prevailed tn ali other parts of the
country. a

The storm which was off the Florida coast has
either diasipated or moved off. There was only a
heavy shower In the carly moraing at Jacksonville,
An area of high pressure. with colder weather
was moving southeastward over the Dakotas
carrying with It a belt of freezing weather. In
eastern Montana, the Dakotas and Minnesota the
tempesature touched from two to eight degrees
below freezing; In the Atlantic States it was from
four to twelve degrees warmer.

In this city the day was fair and warmer; fresh
southerly winds; average humidity, 74 per cent,;
barometer, corrected to read to sea level, at 8A, M.,
29.90; 3 P. M., 20.80.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
officia) thermometer, is shown in the annexed table:

WASEINGTON FORECAST POR TO-DAY AND TO MORROW,
For eastern New York, rain followed by fair and
colder to-day; fair to-morrow; [fresh northwesterly

winds.

For New England rain to-day; fair and cooler
to-morrow; fresh northwesterly winds.
For eastern Pennsytvania, New Jersey and Dela-
ware, fair and coldag, to-day; fair and cold to-mor-
row; fregh westerly winds. .
For the District of Columbia, Maryland and Vir-
ginia, fair and colder to-day; fair and continued
cold to-morrow; fresh westerly winds.

For western New. York, rain and colder to-day;
falr to-morrow: fresh northwesterly winds.

“4
i B

ata

There were |

: e | Sh i- i .
He didn’t know the differen until | herman ants-trust sot im éo far ce lt ap

| he had drunk a bottle of iodine, and it didn’t

plies to railroads. He did this at Indian-
apolia on May 3%) when he expressed the
belief that pooling should be legalized
under the supervision of the Interstate
Commerce Commission. The end to he
aitained by railroad consolidation, it is
pointed out there, ia the pooling of busi-
ness or the making of agreements by roada

'

of Wales, an a port of call for mail steamers

| plying between New York and Liverpool.

|
1

The information that sueh a report had
heen cireuiated in Liverpool was made
known to the State Department by the
Amertean Conaul stationed at that place
As designating porte of call on any of the
Britieh isles in purely a domestic matter
over whioh the poet offiee has jurie-
diction, the authorities were quiok to let
it be known that there was no intention’
of the Poatmasterieneral to select Holy-
head, Queenstown or any other place as a
port of call a ae steamers

When Assistant = Postmaater-

| General MeCleary wae in Fngiand early

that compete as well as those that connect. |

It is therefore for the Administration to
decide whether it shall make an effort this
year to break up practices which it de-
clares should be legalized next year. In
the case of the Harriman lines, as brought
out Tn the report of the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, moat of the consoli-
dations against which complaint was made
have been cancelled or abandoned, and

lat the Department of Justice attention has

' been directed solely

to the arrangement

| or agreement under which the Union Pa-
The trial ended to-day and resulted in |

| sister, Elvira, on the ground that they are |

}

|

|

|
|

the red glare in their | this trust, which has raised arbitrarily the |

 

 

elena censure eee PE EP

cifie and Southern Pacific are operated, an
arrangement which, on ita face, most offi-
cials assert, is in violation of the law

In connection with the merger of the
Boston and Maine and the New York, New
Haven and Hartford an interesting story
is being told in Washington. It is to the
effect that the agitation againat these two
railroads waa started as a result of the
factional disturbances in the Republican
party in Massachusetts; the wing of the

| party there, led by Senator Henry Cabot

Ledge, is credited with a Wesire to work up
feeling against the New England roads for
partisan advantage. The prediction § is
made that when the fall elections have been
held in Massachusetts the agitation againat
the Boston and Maine and the New York,
New Haven and Hartford roads will die of
inanition

There ia reason to believe that at a con-
ference held at the Department of Jusiice
to-day between Attorney-General Bona-
parte and Frank B. Kellogg, special counsel
for the Government in both the Standard
Oil and Harriman cases, some consideration
was given to the Union Pacific-Southern
Pacitic merger, the only point open to attack
on the Harriman. interesia through the
medium of the anti-trust act, The proceed-
ings instituted in New York to compel Mr.
Harriman to answer certain questions put
to him by the Interstate Commerce Com-
miasion were also discnased. Neither the
Atrorney-General nor Mr. Kellogg would
make any statement in regard to the inter-
view except that it pertained to the Harri-
man case. The Government hopes to ob-
tain an order of the court by which Mr.
Harriman will be compelled to answer the
questions which he refused to answer when
he was before the commission in New York
last spring. and every effort will be made
to convince the court that it is desirable that
these queries should be answered and that
the voqees for information which Mr. Harri-
man alone cam-eupply is entirely reasonable
and conformablé to law. The unanswered
questions related to the Alton deal, in whioh
Mr. Harriman’s operations in bigh finance
stood out very prominently at the time of
the commission's hearing in New York.

 

48 10 THE NEW HAVEN ROAD.

Impartial Government Investigation of
What Has Been Done and Intended.
Boston, Oct. 11.--In its investigation of
the New York, New Hagen and Hartford
Railroad merger policy the Federal Govern-
ment is actuated by no spirit of hostility
toward the company's acquisition of other
lines or of Boston and Maine Railroad stock.

 

|
|

 

 

in the apring he conferred with the British
authorities on a number of questions with

       
   
   
   
   
   
     
     
     

'

a view (o improving the mail service he- |

tween the two countries. People at Holy-
head, Queenstown and elsewhere with
commendable enterprise put in a good
word for thelr respective communities
in the event that any change was to be
made inthe present arrangements, Holv-
head, more pushing than the others, did
what would be called in this country “hoost-

! Miller of Griffin's Corners

ing,” and soon the word was passed around |

that asa ult of a report made by Second
Assistant "Postmaster-General McCleary it
world he named as a port of call for mai!
steamers operating between New York and
Liverpool.

The American Consul at Liverpool |
acented danger and advised the State
Department. The State Department got

busy and in turn notified the Post Office
Department. The Post Office Department
promptly let it be known that none of ita
officials has any desire to interfere in the
domestic affaira of Great Britain

THE FLEETS TARGET PRACTICE.

Rattieship Maine Wins at Long Range ani
the Minnesota at Short Range.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.
Maine carried off the honors at the target
practice of the Atlantic fleet in Cape Cod
Bay. Her record was due chiefly to the
remarkable showing of the 12 inch rifles,
which made a little over 67 per cent. The
Alabama's record was 50 per cent. and the
Kentucky nearly equalled that score. ‘The
Georgia made an average of 40 per cent.
with 12 inch and §& inch guns,
varied between 5,000 and 9,000 yards.
the short range practice the Minnesota
won the highest percentage, making 90
ver cent. with some of her guns, The

 

In

The battleship | came to Brooklyn and invited Eita to visit

| him at his home.

The ranges |

ansas and Connecticut also made good :

records,

The record of the Maine is generally re-
garded in naval circles as extraordinary,
and while the Alabama's showing ia com-
mended, naval officers believe the show-
ing ia better than by the British gunners
in recent contests

The short range practice was made by
firing at a tar, 11 by 21 feet at a distance
of 1,000 yards. The Minnesota, Kansas
and Connecticut, which did not participate
in the battle target practice with the rest
of the fleet, fired at the 1,000 vards range,
making creditable records, the Minnesota
showing only seven misses out of ninety-
aix shois :

The Louisiana is the only vessel of the
fleet which has not yet vwompleted target
oractice, but she will go to the range in a
ew days.

 

Fortyfoue Immigrants
Nawail.

WABHINGTON, Oct, 11. Forty-tour immi-
grants who were declared to have been
admitted to the Territory of Hawaii 'n viola-
tion of law are on their way to Europe,
where they will be deported under a warrant
of the Secretary of Commerce and Labor
Of the lot twenty-nine are Spaniards and
fifteen are Portuguese. The aliens were
taken to Hawaii on a steamer chartered
by the Territorial Government, which will
bear all the expenses incident to their
eeriatien. When these Spaniards and

ortguese
will have travelled around the world.

 

Movements of Naval Vensels,

Wasuinofon, Oct 11.—The cruiser Chat-
tanooga has arrived at Kobe, the supply
ship Supply at Yokohama, the training
ship Prairie at League Island, the battle-
ship Connecticut at New London, the col-
lier Brutus at Bradford and the yacht Wasp
at Lewes.

The battleship Louisiana bas sailed from
Norfolk for Provincetown, the cruiser Pes
Moines from Cape Cod Bay for Boston, the

unboat Yankton from C Cod Bay for

ew London, the collier Hannibal from
Cape Cod Bay for Portemouth, and the tug
Rocket from Washington for Norfolk.

Diplomats to Rest.

WAsuINoTON, Oot. 11.—John G. A. Leish-
man, Ambassador of the Upited States

¥

It is making an impartial investigation to’ to Turkey, left to-day for the United States

determine the legal phase of what the com-
pany has done and what it proposes to do
in the matter of merging cognate interests.
Until the Government is satisfied on that
point by the actual facts it will not declare
ite attitude on the main issue. It may be
said further on authority that a mere tech-
nical violation of the law will lead to no
court proceedings under the Sherman law.
United States Attorney French was asked
this morning what bearing the conference
with M. D. Purdy of the At -General's
office had on the investigation, and
he replied: “This investigation will be done
carefully, thoroughly and .conservatively.

If it is discov that there has been
grant violation of the law in respect to the
uisition of other lines, steam roads or
trolley lines en in interstate traffic
or the purchase of stock in other companies,
the Government will be to take
such steps as the situation shall justify.
“Under the Sherman act there are two
methods of procedure. One or both may be
resorted to. One is in equity to undo cer-
tain things which have been done and Rr.
vent others being carried out.
other is under the criminal section, under
be taken against corpora-

       
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
    
   
     
   
   

on a leave of absence.

Joseph W. J. Lee, United States Minis-
ter at Guatemala, has taken.sick leave and
will return to his home in Baltimore.

 

Army and Navy Orders,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11,..-'Phese army orders were
issued to-day:
. Granville Siever, Coast Artillery, pt.

e P. Jarvey, Jr., Tenth Cavairy, and t
, lan, Fifth Cavairy, relieved

from duty In Quartermaster's Department to join

thetr companies.
Capt. mon P. Vestal, Quartermaster, relieved
fom detail) In the Quartermaster's rimhent.
Capt. Poguneld EF. pera. Bighth Cavairy. and
First Lieuts. Goss L. Striker, Fourth COavairy,
Norton BF. Wood, First Field Artillery, Ernest 5.
Wheeler, Fourth Field Artillery; Clifton R. Norton
Cavalry, Wiliam F , Second
Charities 8&8. ie rd

Field rtilie
Field Arti » and
Second Cavairy, to
Riley.

These navy orders were issued:
Capt. T. FE. D. W. Veeder, to command the Als-

bama.
Capt. S. P. Comly, from command of the Alabama
home

to od aa 0 e o 4
lighthouse aietrict, ' c aan
titan Commander, . Pletoher,

lighthouse district, » to Naval

  
 

J. a. 4 to naval hospital, Mare

+ ine . from paval hospital, Yoko-

e) Pls

j

Deported From |

|
|
'
|
!
'
|

| Spring, L. J., a

extent,

HIS FIFTH WIFE A BIGAMIST

SO S098 W. 1. LASHER, 73 VEARS
OCD, WHO HAS HER ARRESTED, |

Aecused Waman Calle the Town Clerk of |
Garittin’s Corners, Her Stepfather, an
“Ord Foot,” and Saye She Had to Marrs
Him or Be Kite! —« aught in Breoktyn.

Etta lasher, 35 years old, of 101 Adama
atreet, Brookien, wae arrested by Detec-
tives Reeder and Gallagher of the Brooklyn
detective bureau last night on a warrant
jinaued by Justice A H. Todd of Middle-
town, N. Y. The charge against her is
bigamy. and the complainant is Willlam H
Lasher, who is Town Clerk of Griffin's Cor-
ners, N.Y Mr. Lasher, who 75 years
old, dileged that he had learned that Era
was a married woman before she was mar-
ried to bim on June 28 last by the Rev. Mr

Mre. Lasher was indignant last night |
when taken to the detective bureau \ !

“To think that the old fool would go to
auch extremes'” she said. “Why, | mar-
ried him because | valued my life, not be-
cause I was in love with him. If | com. ,
mitted bigamy | did) so only to save my
life.”

Then the weman amplified her story
and her mother, a widow, seeing the ad-
vertisement, answered if and was summoned
to Griffin's Corners, where she got the jot.
After abe bad been there some time Lasher

made love to ber and married her. The
woman became ill last winter and was
brought to Brooklyn, where she was a

patient at the Methodist hpiscopal Hospital
She died there on March 15. Later Lasher |

As she bad Leen there
many times with her mother, she was onty
too pleased for a change, she suid. While
she was there she rece:ved several letters
from Kdward Casey,a friend, who lived at
191 Adams street, and Lasher got jealous

“Your in love with this fellow, Casey,” he
said to her

“Well, suppose | am?" she replied,

“You can’t marry him,” Lasher said in
response.

Pion" know why not,” said kita

“Well, | know,” Lasher replied, so Mra,
Tasher said, “and the reason why is thai
you have got to marry me.” ’

“Marry your” said kita “Never!”

Then Lasher got a revolver, she said,
and placing it at her head said

“{f you don’t marry ine you will never
live to marry any one else.”

Ftta thought the matter over, as she
says, while the old man stood there with
the gun, and at last decided that it was
better to marry the old town clerk than it ,
was to die, and at last she consented and
he sent for the Rev. Mr. Miller, who tied |
the knot. j

Some time later F1ta left Lasher and came ,
to Brooklyn. Lasher got busy and found |
out that Etta had been married to George
R. Dennison by the Rev. Mr. Cox in Cold

Lous fifteen years ago. Then
he swore out the warrant on September
25. The town constable arrived in Brook-
lyn on Monday and tried to find Etta, but
couldn't, so he went back to Griffin's Corners
but left the Warrant bebind for the police
to serve.

“Why, the old fool said to me,” said ita
in the detective bureau last night, “that |
he had already had five wives and that
they were all dead. Then I skipped out.
I meant to tive. | suppose he’s got the

' cinch on me just at present, but wail till

! about the old fellow and I guess that will
‘open the eyes of some of the poopie who

land at their destinations they

 

 

|

|

 

   

I get to Griffin's Corners, Tl tetlall | know |

hold him in high respect theres No. sir,
this woman did not mean to die as bis wife
She married him to save her life and she
skipped from him for a similar purpose.”

‘tta was locked up in the Adame street
ronan and will be taken to Griffin’s Corners
to-day.

SHOT A FREAK DiER.

It Ie @ Doe With a Single Horn Protruding |
From Ita Head on the Right Side. = |
Uriea, Oct. 11.—-Hugh Williame of this |
city, who enjoys wide reputation as a |
hunter. came home from the Adirondacks
to-day with the carcass of a freak deer |
he had killed in the woods yesterday after-
noon The deer is a doe with a single horn |
preteuditig from its bead on the right side »
and in the relative position bucks wear
their antlers. The horn is about nine inches
in length.and stands erect. The born is ,
perfectly developed, but covered with a |
thick fuzz. This, woodsmen say, will dis-
a ad in a short time, leaving a smooth,
shining surface. Williame a year ago
shot a white deer near Loon Lake, aome-
thing that had not been seen in years,
——- every woodsman has read of
them.

TAME INDIANS ON

 

 

 

WARPATH,

Two Carlisie Stodents Kun Away and

Scare Some | ennsylvanians. }

Lancaster, Pa., Oct. 11.—Two Indian

studenta who escaped from the Carlisle
achool and have been creating excitement
near Penryn and other points in the northern
end of the county were arrésted to-day at |
the instance of the Carlisle school authori- |

ties and returned to the school. |
The young redskina became associated

with some dissolute whites who kept them
supplied with whiskey. One of the students
went by the name ef Leo Star. They

threatened to burn the barn of Phares | engine struck an alleged defective piece of |

is |
az

Graybill and kill several young men. Ae |

they were reported to be heavily armed
reaidents of the section were greatly wrought

up.
5,000 Registered at Columbia.

Ger the first time in its history the regis-
tration at Columbia University has reached |

the 6,000'mark, All three of the de- |
wan . The > |
schools are re-
the total increase.

 

Liveries—Household and Equipage

Livery--as 6 badge of ownership, musi, to a certain
owner's responsibility.

One does not look for glaring inconsistencies in the
servitor’s apparel, porticularly when the house or
the carriage is the property, of a man or woman
otherwise well informed.

Our study of this subject has quite pro
us to speak with authority--and our models may be
accepted as the natural sequence of a thorough
knowledge.

Household, carriage, club and hotel liveries of
our own designs, ready for service of to order

reflect the

| then went
was made by Justice Seabury, who @aid that .

| should mot

| would refer
thue: Lasher advertised for a housekeeper, ,

| innocent ones Without! support

A apecial feature—liveries expressly designed for chaul-
feurs and footmen of limousine or electric automobiles

WILL HEIR WETROPOLITAN
nm Atternestiemeral Jackson's pplirn-
tion for a Rerriver.
On the application of Lawyer Samnel
Untermyer aa counsel for the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company Juatice Seabury

(in the Supreme Court, decided yesterday

that he would permit the default of the
Metropolitan in the recent motion before
Justice Seabury by Attorney General Jack
son for the appointment of a receiver for
the company to be opened. Mr Unter-
myer and Mr. Cravath, who appeared fo:
the Metropolitan at the first hearing on the
motion, both declined proceed or to
oppose the motion unless they were granted
an adjournment of several days. Mr
Jackson objected to any adjournment and
Justice Seabury in anawer to the threat of
counsel for the Metropolitan to withdraw
uflews an adjournment was granted ruled
that no longer adjournment than twenty -
four hours would be allowed, The motion
by default, buf no decision

io

he would have to examine closely the

' statue of the case, as the Federal courts

had already assumed jurisdiction and ap
pointed receivers.

Mr. Untermyer appeared first before
Justice McCall on the return of an order
directing the Attorney-General to show
cause why the default of the Metropolitan
be opened. After some cis-
cussion Justice McCall said that he would
not entertain auch a motion himself, but
it to Justice Seabury. Mr
Untermyer tried hard to persuade Justice
MeCall to entertain the motion, but found
the Justice obdurate. Finally Mr. Unter
myer went before Justice Seabury, who
said he would open the default provided
Mr. Untermyer was ready to go ahead with
the argument en Monday afternoon

FAMILIES FACE STARVATION,

Wives and Children of Black Hand Gang
Driven From Their Homes,

* NewcastiK, Pa., Oct. 11

their homes and compelled to live in caves

in the quarries surrounding Hil'sville

Hand

are facing starvation. The sen

tencing of eighteen members of the gang !
, fo the penitentiary yesterday for terms

ranging from two to ten years leavers (he
they huve
been ostracized by their neighbors. The
Rev. D. M. Clelland of Westminster College
is endeavoring to evtend aid to them,

For years Hillsville, qr Helltown, as i
is locally known, has been terrorized liv
the Black Hand = The society met in ce ves
in the quarries, where their starving wives

' and children are now dwelling

It is believed that the Black Hand is
effectually wiped out of Lawrence county
Yo accomplish this the United States Steel

Corporation spent thousands of doilats |

‘The society had driven hundreds of work -
ingmen away from the steel corporation's
limestone quarries.

NEGRO BOY SENDS BROWKS,

 

Makes Three Attempts on the Life of tie
Woman Whe Discharged Min.

los ANGELES, (al., Oct. 11 Phrough

, the arrest of a negro beilboy to-day it be-

came known that three attempts on the
life of Miss Helen Mathewson, proprietor
of the fashionable Hershey Aras Hote ,

shad been made by means of infernal ma- |

chines during the last two years and that
an effort to poison the entire family and
have the crime attribuied to Misa Mathew-
son was frustrated only through accident
Burr Harrin, 19 years of age, is a prisoner
‘Thee detectives ciaim that they have com-
plete evidence. His only motive was re-
venge for his discharge. The fi bomb
wees sent in duly of last year in a book from
which the leaves were cur, but it failed to
explode. ‘The second bomb was wapped
in paper and the fuse caught when opened,
but went out when thrown into water.
‘The third bomb was sent in a book, which

, aroused the suspicion of the postal authori

ties, and was opened before reaching Miss
Mathewson.

 

VOUR BOVS BREAK JAIL,

Accused of Burglary—Only One of
Them Caught,

Four boys who were confined in the
women's section of Oakland avenue police
station, Jersey City, got out of jail last
night. They crawled through a window in
the cell door and pried off several bars in
the window in the rear of the jail, thus
making their way to the top of an adjoining
atable.

A few minutes later one of the boys,
Bruno. Farts, was capght on Henderson
street by Detective Sergeant. McGurk, who
had arrested him for disorderly conduct.

 

an

The three boys who got away were |

William Quilter, 14 years old, wanted in
Rochester far burglary, and Felix White
and Walter Jagielski, arrested for burglary

| in Jersey City.

815,000 FOR DEATH OF HUSBAND,

 

 

Supreme Court Jury at Goshen, N. ¥., Re- |

torns Verdict Against the Erie Railroad.

Mipp.etrown, N. Y., Oot, 11.--After a
legal battle of several days between oppos-
ing counsel in the Supreme Court at Goshen
a jury to-day awarded Mrs.' Matilda Melosky
ot Port Jervis a verdict of $15,000 aguas the
Erie Railroad for the death of her husband,
Herman Melosky, who was ecalded to death
under his engine in the Jersey City yards
in July, 1906. _Melosky was the fireman of
an ne Pulling a fast freight train, and
Edward Crissman was the engineer. The

track, turned over on its side, and both
men were killed. Mrs. Criesman sequred
@ verdict agin the Erie for $10,500 in
February ; ;

A Burglar at Big Bie.
Somehody entered Big Bill's store in
Bowers street, J City, at an early
hour yesterday by open a rear

and eamples of every
og Tw

ii

.

  

Driven from |

the |
wives and children of members of the Flack |

  

rly fitted

 

REMOVAL OF

T. M. STEWART, of Ave.

AtSO STORAGE
TO 438-442 WEST GIST ST.

FOUNDED IN 1863
Formerty Tel. 6807
B26 Tih Ave. Cotumbue.

CLUPECO SHRUNK

Quarter Sires, isc eact, 2 for age.
CLUETT, PrasonyY 4 CcOo.,
Makers of Cluett an) Monarch Shirte,

 

aeRO ee ee ee meee OF

 

 
   
    
       
   
   
       

"Silver Plate that Wears”

Correct Silver Plate

The new, beautiful Charter Oak @
patiern in spoons, knives, forks
and fancy serving pieces stamped

“TG47 ROGERS BROS.

represents the requirements of

correct table service--the kind
. Of “Silver Plate that Wears.”
Ask your dealer to show if.

BOLD BY LEADING OTALERS

Silver urns, pitchers. etc., to
be right, should be made by

MENIOEN BRIT: CO

 
   
 

 

   

ARKER’
BALSAM

Cleanses and beaut fies the heb,

, igat growth,
Never Paile to Restore

Jia to ate Youthful

ig Cures ecalp dieenees @ hair fal

reikte

 

 

AETER PLATTS SIGNATURE,

Mae Yoo Wants to Compare It With Cer.
tom Letters Said to Be From Him,

In retaliation for the order obtained
res ly lw John B. Stanghfield, counsel
for Seuetor Platt, requiring Mae Catherine

Wood, who is suing Platt for a divorce on
the plea that he married her before he
warried Mrs, Janeway, to file the original
| compleing with her signature, so that ber
handwriting might be compared with other
writings, Lawyer Lee for Miss Wood got
| an order yesterday from Justice Blanchard
of the Supreme Court requiring counsel for
Senator Platt to file in the County Clerk's
‘ office bis auswer to her complaint with
bis original signature
Miss Wood alleges that she has letters
in Platt's handwriting which would estab-
. lish her marriage, aud she says she wishes
to compare the Senator's real signature
with that in the letters, Senator Platt de-
nounces the letters as forgertes.

 

CONFERENCE ON TRUSTS,
Where New York's Delegation Will Have
its Chicago Headquarters.

A meeting of the New York delegation
to the conference on combinations and
trusts to be held under the auspices of the
National Civie Federation at Chicago
October 22 to 25 took place in the Mission
Building, Fourth avenue and Twenty-
second street, yesterday to arrange for a

headquarters for the delegation in Chicago,
| Those present. were: ex-Mayor Seth Low,
Dr. Albert Shaw, Prof. J. W. Jenks, Herman
Ridder, Isaac N. Seligman, Hamilton Holt,
James B. Reynolds, G. E. Emmons, F.
Hazard, G. Sard, the Rev. Thomas R. Slicer,
W.J. Schieffelin, representing the Chamber
of Commerce, and Gacees M. Marks of thay,
conciliation cominittee of the Civic Federa-
tion,

It was announced that the Auditorium
Annex would be the headquarters of the
delegation in Chicago.

 

| Alive With a Broken Neck.

}

| York, Pa., Oct. 11.--Charles H. Diehl of

Mount Wolf was thrown from a wagon
several nights ago and his neck was broken,
| Despite the injury Mr. Diehl has been
| conscious and able to speak ever since,
Hie death, however, is momentarily ex-
pected.

 

POSTUM

“There's a Reason”

Read “The Road to Wellville,” in pegs