oes it?

WET MARCH BY THE ee
Nimeotwne wt hw
— Bete)
*) SMO RANOR THAT TO PROVE Aire me
THEY 407 AP Ot, COLNE, a
. ent
ant Povenevene ao Pore | Si" ot we Jeeaame Wate tome
< me AP Whnaner prapreenr sf the
ww Ge om Oran Goue Gher Ge aommotmedie te fren vem bn ie pee ome
can Phen Ge Of for on Grmrery. mewane ant ther tof
(coy atom hae henna! mabitomeion He | ly hie mee paguen Won, praltont at the
beg tod Cary bowrnal tattooed Want off wm (em reet tent on Cmrtram ope
| ceed eoeet e-vrrte lepiring hat (Me) tee Ee ee
fotert ory CDV bE Clonee 1 come ceeet MeO | Arp tnatT) fry ctemeetvten FRne fom Fuel cormepnonnttuned
PP Re ]
ety @ Ge capniae Se Gee (+ enn cote peer tne om aromwt my
coope hee leew greene etrdinp tert of | eheetey chee We Cett fet life lmeenew af. ae Ree mem tw ea EY
<A Chaneet a amertvrwenant ae Revwren of estona | Giewe rtey cof celieth RMI CHT Ow For rfoee Forme as ona ae Ot ae
ee ee ee ne ie creer oo prenmm he ie
‘ioe (Het Cheenti jvm en enaTy em I erm ot Hote write Ae MMe mn AORN YA 0 ee oan ey wo
“we ent anetetiy atin mnwee wmythING | few the mnmpeny aaiet Hheey retraternt | tee omen the 8 Wire oe
otereet Che ate cof tive CFRt Chrmeret Fett Ch | rte pepe ame fee atert (he GIRRAIY | Heme
revmniy com tent Cle ate of Ftunt MmrETIHOTE | areeneem For the crvmmpene Fert Fit Met lirrerm Morin We dette wien ie mm vemee ott amt
© Wheel few few “yttey (Pre we hem Worn a mt (OR ReemRterty ot emer
Cot a ewe cngmntantinn! anit Cape Toratsan Peron SHHHHTT | Hirewstetirny, coma huey at Rew liteing
| Wheeler Aap pemterdey Whe fhe | Fert oF (ne OOM EROT | tee rerrings at Whore, kena ter tive ati
ent Phew can any wher rhey lie, hoe 1) Some S ianin in comnete of we | tom, A wan Arenget Wie
voor Tat Chve Otel Chrnmed be thee qremtemt evil Bieter i Feneese cre reir haererd fone fury oth aroeth of
oe ofaeniertion in fie comer Whe, | @ ” " Heer mm) ee ty ce cf be bone aomflenel op tee Rew etttdierer anid athersrmet
oben Foret ewig: qe coer here ft anet of | fee a eraphet WO ” ahi 4 aration ‘wertqe | Rhe hone athe
LH ehwrgeot Ria in thie clip and when he | > oan oe ie Wee | irr nen Frrmer annem of the
Sent ati Wee mmted fet he heel mower lenevern | 4 "Faasor ee’ past : neeey | roe, ome hie Chee and forget afl
» orgetieation that knee mere abent i when fhe gene fhe order of the | aternt Nien, Fn theneet ferty minnten « few
maton? and the way 0 «ongin tote Gone | Comey | trate topper, diachargad an orenaional
won the Card aa of the cramping Ihe ron | ney pemmeonger and rumbled away. Mine
Aa he apnke Capt Aapait wae ameter in | Unued ee eo Mie | MeAedin’s newtie Mashed tantly
he commanding officer's ranm of the | Innes, & “Lo sco te She heard a step amd the amirempt va.
Creenwich atreet grocery and wine im- eR. B, -»- BR te cinwes the grant who had pane theengh on « badge
porting concern where he hen long made Prnmae i farther af the Court | stood at the ticket window, one hand tum-
hin headenarters horrew a a bling in an inside cose pootet, He saw
“Why.” he continued, “when I gant to | fort 7 Me a ier | that she wae watching him, laughed ner-
Sonhington once, « few yeare age, | went Py hae Sppubweed + Jaret, | County, withdrew hie hand and asked her
the White House and sent in my ON | at receiver of the ety of the com. | what time it was, She helf turned to
Comrd cord and, mle, Prawkdeat Mollinley ¥ iW Bromivn with a bond of Me | pines at the clock and ae ahe moved he hit
went out weord that | wae to come right in oa, womeany owne a factory in Raat New be her aquarcly on the head with a coupling
cithout waiting Yew, air, my Old Guard | | pin he hac jerked from his pocket. The
curd got ine the entry over eixty-five other |.) MF, Well was the laruee stonkholier | ilow laid her scalp open for six inches and
people To mean they had to wait | Broacwar and it in enicl that nil the officers stunned her, but she reached for her re-
“Tf there was trouble the Mayor couldn't | of that com y were empleo of the | volver and screamed loudly and repeatedly
order ua ont. but (he Governor could And  Weil-Haakell ompeny Stroock $f Stroork a a — oe ee ae
when onr officers are installed whe is it | Mrorneys ad 7. —— oenpany | hietin er cer the bead n with the
! chore tee bar, but before she loat conscious

T's a representative of the Gew
Why. you can't name o regiment | oo right on. as it is a separate
that goes @irough more red tape than we and Mr. Weil was only a atock
io. Not Vy mention the Old Grard ball. | .
| wae president of the Delmonico dances ware cHADWICK'’S REAL sToRy.
for twenty-five years, one of the most ele- |
gant social fonctions of the city, and the
Old Guard ball grew out of that. No, sir, |
the Old Guard ia all right. One blackball | Permesvna Oct. 11 Now that Mre
keeps you out and if a feller ain't alltothe | oossie Chadwick is dead great eflorte are |
good he can't get in there, and that's all j heing made by attorneys for James W |
there im to it.” Friend, from whom the woman is aaid to |

Now, as Capt. Aspell has been a member | pave obtained $800,000, to keep sea!ed

|

| the Automat Restaurant Company would

— fon

erher

 

1

|

tt ie Locked In Pittsburg Vauwite, Where |
Friend's Lawyers Want to Keep it. '

{

of the Old Guard longer than anybody else. | forever the deposition made by Mra, Chad-
that ought to settle it. But the Ofd Guard
yearns to show folks. The scheme has
heen kept pretty quiet, but some folks will
talk, you know, and it is whis pered around
ihe magnum campfires that the acheme is

wick, now ‘n the handeof the county courte
Though Judge Shaffer last week ordered
the deposition unsealed wo that it could
be printed in records to be presented to |
the Supreme Court next Monday, it has |
to have a horseback service test that shall | j.en officially guarded i
demonstrate once and for all that when it The paper was taken in the case of Mrs.

comes to real efficiency in the field the Old | witiam C. Juite in her suit to recover se-

Guard has got the Ancients and Honorables | ..:ritias amounting to several million dol-
skinned by many, many flagons.

According to one of the inane ‘are from Friend and F. N. Hoffstot. Asso-

oe H = = Cgomn ciates of Friend who know its contents
oan to yy? — ‘of the Olt | say they are startling. Nam s of promi-
Guard has been scouting aftound the livery | prorat os Lanett af figuring in the case before
atables of Manhattan for several days and 1 ,

t ia known that Friend, according to
— engaged oe ae eS the statement, went to Mrs. Chadwick and
own. | = wanted to act as trustee of her estate, re-

 

stepladders from a furniture firm and there
is now no doubt that the Old Guard will be
able to mount with grace and dignity.

The start will be made a early in the
day—not later than 3 P. M.- from the
Hoffman House bar, where there is to be
had a peculiarly tine brand of---well, the
start is to be made there for various mili-
tary reasons. The first e of the journey
will lead to the Café Martin, where a stop

|

|

minding her that he had ma 1 Jutte's |
affairs so as to make money riend em-
ple ee former United States Judge Francis
J. Wing of Cleveland to visit Mrs Chad-
wick in the Columbus Penitentiary in an
effort to have her keep quiet. [t was pointed
out to Mrs, Chadwick that if she ever ap-

plied. for a pardon she might need influ- |

ential frie such as Friend, |

An associate of Friend to-day said: j

|

'

'

\

!

j

ill be made for refreshment and rest for q :
men and beasts. And by the way, the The ean im time, and
horse ambulance of the 8. : when it does it will be a good one It is

a mistake that Mrs. Chadwick got $800,000
from Friend, She got only $259,000 It was
iven on what was supposed to be the
vest of security, and would fool any banker.
One thing we are certain of, and that is
Mrs Chadwick was not Madame de Vere.
Who she waa I will not tell.”

engaged to follow the horsemen from
beginning to end of the gruelling ride.
second stage of the journey is a

long and arid stretch ng ween the
Café Martin and the Holland House. The
eyes of all the mili attachés of foreign
governments who will be assigned to fol-
low the manemuvres in automobiles will
be fastened upon the Old Guard during
this past of the teat with especial sharpness, |
and if al) hands survive this stage it is
believed that t will be able to endure
to the very end. at every military person
knows that from the Café Martin to the
Holland House is a terrible pull and-—well,
there's a lot of ing among the
ex y s about it. thi is .

* soon as everything empty at the
Holland House, what's left of the column

will puxh on to the Waldorf-Astoria, where

 

'
|
*, A. has been
'

WOMEN

Crowd the Columbia University School of
Arehitectare Beyond Its Limit.

The Columbia University school of archi-
tecture is so crowded that the faculty is
at a loss to know what to do with the large
number of students who have enrolled
in the department, Last year the registra-
tion was twenty-eight, but this term has
increased to fifty-five. The rooms accom-
modate yd thirty pupils and it has been

or

gy 4 some of the students to sit
on the r

Aovording to Prof. Hamlin, the large in-
crease in attendance in the architectural
school is due to the fact that for the first
time in its history women students have
been —— to register. A large num-
ber of the women come from Barnard and
Teachers col
from the outs’
tered for the highest degree, that of bachelor

architecture.

ARCHITECTS,

 

a fresh su of at ders will be lined
up at the Thirty-third street entrance
awaiting the arrival of the troopers. Leaving
the Percherons in charge of a equad of vet-
ermary surgeons, the horsemen will pass
inside to do the best they can. Having
lone it, the cavalcade will gallop gayly
through Weat Thirty-third street to the
café of the Hotel Imperial, where a special
staff of drug clerks will be in wrens
stimulants saenee by the Old G
RuTgeon, ere the troo will be re-
viewed by Gen. George Keasler, who will
present service medals to those who’merit
them.

It is hoped that the next stage wil] take
the horsemen as far as Metropole,
a thie oo asking a goes deal
of weary men and jaded horses. ato,
of not more than two hours will be made
here, when all hands will be ordered to
gallop acrossithe street to the Knickerbocker.
If any fall out they will Be patie up. b
ambulanoes. As soon as the Knickerbocker
og! ia Lieeet t this poi
is to > ! at nt
calls for a speed that will enable the troopers
to cover this final stage in three-q
of an hour, though certain of the ex
advice has been asked are dou
if the thing can be done.

All the Old Guarders who have been
informed of what is going on are enthu-
siastic about the plan. They'll show these
knockers, hey ee. Thomas J. Conroy,
who has the ction of a private,
and who weighs 300 pounds
hours in a Turkish
to get a Luna Park
but has given up’
has been pointed
takes a

.
ee

, but quite a number are

uard One woman has regis-

 

 

Men Who Rejected Arbitrators’ Findings
Lest $200,000 in Wages.

Hauirax, N. 8., Oct. 11.—The strike
in the Springhill coal mines, which has
continued for eleven weeks and has involved
1,600 men, was called off by the men to-
night after a loss to them of more than
$200,000 in wages.

The trouble was a demand b;
for payment for stone remo
coal. The matter was referred to the board
of conciliation under the Canadian Indue- |
trial Disputes act.

The board the men,

d against
but they re eaed the award and struck.
Now they accept the award and will wait
upon the mana of the company |
to-morrow to acquaint them with this
decision and make arrangements for re-
turning to work.

PITTSBURG LIVING HIGH,

A Boost of as Much a6 40 Per Cent, in
Prices of Things to Eat.

PirrssurG, Oot. 11,--Although  Presi-
dent Roosevelt has been appealed to for
relief from high prices and the Executive
Department at Washington has been re-
pore as taking the matter up, foodstuffs
m the Pittsburg district were boosted
to-day again all along the line, some of
the raises being as much as 40 per cent.

Butchers advanced the price of retail
eee te © cents © pound cae hae @
rom 25 centa to 30 cents a pound in the
downtown district and to 35 cents a pound
in the wealthier district. went up
another 7 cent,, the price being

at cents instead of 28. Butter
was advanced only one cent, selling at
36 centa.

* FOR MOSQUITOES,

Seventy Theusand of Them Placed in Pitts:

@e@eebaiem, bors Park Lakes. so .
Prrrssure, Oot. 11.--Seventy thousand

of . j
.
DISASTROUS STRIKE CALLED OFF,

the men
= from the

whose ul

 

his own
Tha and “aap other” waaay” abe
stantial citizens who are
their shirta without unbuttoning

collars.

All the Percherons will be heavily in-
sured, and nobody who has the
slightest doubt that it will be Gevousy
demonstrated that the Old Guard ought to
have an armory at the public expense.

 

Says He Is Sole Hetr of Lord Brampton.

IrHaca, Oot. 11.—Acoording to a report
from Union Springs, a village on Cayuga
Lake, the Rev. W. B. Casey, rector of the
Episcopal church of that town, is the sole
heir of Lord Brampton, the noted English
jurist, better known as Sir Henry Hawkins,
who died recently in London. Mr. Casey
admitted that he was the only nephew of the
jurist and that he hoped to return to Eng-

 

SUNFISH.

 

sunfish were to-day placed in the park

lakes in this city. Dr. J. ¥. Kdwaras,

 

land and assume the title. In case of a oon- coperitendem, of the bureau of health,
teat he professes to believe that he can — ae ee So Sees So ons
eucoved ciitiendieapticigtiunilinnies ing es fever.”

thrive ,on anything,” he added,
' ‘The Connecticut at New Lendeo. *from yellow fever germs to malaria germs.*

Wew Lonpon, Conn., Oct. 11.—The battie-

ship Connecticut arrived here this morning | "7; Dan® Waters #1,800 Judgment Against
from Cape Cod Ba: fer officiel inagection .
Gov. Woodruff other State officers. 7 A judgment was entered yesterday against

Harry K. Thaw and Mary C. Thaw, hi
mother, for $1,581 in favor of Dr Charles

Suty sand Angus 7.1008, The judgment
wes obimined is the Olty Court. :

Owing to a recent surgical operation on
his hand. Adnurel Evang will probably: be
unable to attend the errenged
here Connecticut, but will send

-

Me ad ae

        

+ ai 49
6 tl ie iis aha BE al a 18

 

ary

hie,
Y. rat

"ood

‘and ran.

;

had reached the ear of

| stattionmeaster at the Thirty-sixth street
| yards

and sprinted
ty-fifth at
badly hurt, but she waa gritt
Johnaon had poured a bucket of water over
her face and head she revived enough to
tell him what had happened.

He was certain the robber had run in the
other direction, toward the Twentieth street

| «tation, and he started that way ful! speed

When he got to the stairwa: the station
at Twentieth atreet Misa MoArdie's asaail
ant was jumping down the stairs. Johnson
tried to grab him, but the man broke uway
Johnson chased him for two
blocks, gaining faet, but the man ran into
the arms of Policeman Thompson. The
petsomes and the station master tqok bin
mck to the Twenty-fifth street tion,
where Mies McArdle identified him as the
man who had attacked her. The money
in the cash drawer, about $6, was still there.
Usually there is much more, but at 2 o'clock
every morning the day's receipts are taken

up. Miss McArdle had turned in about $100.
Ambulance Su n Iman took Mises
McArdle to the Norw Hospital. Her

head and face were ly cut and bruised
and the surgeon feared that her skull was
fractured. er condition is critical. She
was conscious part of the time y
morning and then » here is
about an even chance, those at the hospita)
thonght, that she would pull throngh.
Both her parents are dead. She has two
brothers who are railroad men and her
six aiaters have all been employed as ticket
agents for the B. R. T. at one time or

a r.

At the Fifth avenue police station the
risoner said that his name was Daniel
Murphy and that he had no home. He
admitted that he had gone to the Twenty-
fifth street station with the intention of
robbing the till and that after he had
beaten Miss McArdle senseless he was
afraid to take time to rob the drawer.

He had come to this country from Ire-
land two years ago, he told Capt. Pinkerton,
and got a job as guard on the B. RK. T. He
threw away his money and finally lost his
job. Tt had struck him that it would be
the easiest kind of trick to rob one of the

irl nts, and Thursday after he got a

Ritter rom his brother in Ireland he decided

totakeachance. He knew that the Twenty-

fifth street station wae one of the loneliest
along the road and he figured he could
get the and escape without trouble.

The letter from home, he told the ice
captain, said that hie seventy-year-old father
was dying. He showed a letter. It read:

Before you get this I fear he will be dead.
He is suffering from cancer of the throat and
is failing rapidiy from day to day. Now he
cannot walk and cannot eat. To-day he
asked for a priest, and when the father came
he was unable to partake of the sacrament.
He asks constantly about you and felt it so
badly that your last letter was not addressed
to him. Write at onoe in the hope that it
may reach him before he dies.

Murphy’ said the letter made him des-
perate and led — to “ Twenty-fifth
street station early yesterday morning in
the hope that he would be able to steal
enough money to carry him back home.
In the Fifth avenue oourt, where Murphy
was arraigned before Magistrate Geismar.
he cried and said he knew his life was
ruined and that he was willing to take
whatever punishment was coming to him.

 

Magistrate Geismar held M y without
bail for the Grand Jury.
BOODY DIES OF APOPLEX).

 

4 Few Days Ago He Performed an Gpera-
tion om Himself for Appendicitis.

Utica, Oct. 11.-Jacob Boody, who
achieved wide notoriety a few days ago
by performing on himeelf an operation for
appendicitis, using only a jack knife and a
pair of shears, and who made a quick re-
covery therefrom, was found dead to-day
in his home, a victim of apoplexy. He was

63 years old.

y's farm was one of the sights in
the eereere of aah ome:
was outina jar way, huge pa:

being arranged

¢ ia surrounded the
t wi
R a hie leisure hours

Boody |. In
Boody had chiselled the pictures of many
goons meee on, ee eee SS We eae
nepected year! thousands. re were
likenesses of Washi . Lincoln, Mo-
Cc men, and some of
them were excellent ones.

In the cemetery on stones marking the

ves of hia parents he had carved their
features, and recently he had nm work
on huge boulders which were to like-
nesses of himself and wife and which were
to have been placed

POLICE TO FARE WELL,

New Station House Downtown te Have a
Kitchen and Reof Gymnasium.

Plans have been filed with Building Super-
intendent Murphy for the big new police
station and prison to be built for the Second
Precinct police squad at 156 and 158 Green-
wich street, jrunning through the block to
Washin to replace the old Church
absorbed by the

over their graves.

 

 

oon Cir aerate m Come ak

rev City In-restmen oany’s ‘
The building is to be four stories wite *
srootems of 51 ae ond o¢ h of 210 "4
with facades of gran a picked

ish and adorned with three large and tall
bays above the first . The main en-
trance on Greenwich street will be by
a low arched window flanked with deco-
rative torch lamps. There will be a drive-
way through the court leading to the sta-
tion stable.

The roof will be fitted with a gymnasium
and will also have a kitchen at one corner.
There will be quarters for a matron and
cella for both men and women in the prison.

Fee ee Bare tesa

Chard.

  

fs he uli i te a .

a

i

' mn
be ide ty Wit t

away from home ranentivy he anid
ashamert th cay from what stat.
qume heuer of the eenaciow an.

Lewieiature re.
famed laws which in thee severity
etupidity exceed any late I have ever
newn to be plaerd upon ctatute books in
State in the Union.”

President Hanson touche! upon the et
t of additional equipment that wil! be

7“

;

| tar it is to come from if the oppreesion that
ie now being directed toward the railroade
te extended to steamship lines

ne ee ee

 

Caos Stir Up Potice
Chaties Herbert Bieevarde, an art expert
employed by the R. Ho Macy Company.
died in the J. Hood Wright Hospital yos
terday of injuries received Wednesday
night eat the hands of strongarm men ai
the Seventh avenue entrance to Central
| Park on Fifty-ninth street Mr. Bleezarde
wos 57 years old
Atter toning Cinner Wednesday night
at bis home Mr. Bleezarde went out for
awaell About t:80 o'clock be staggered in
with @ batrered head and told of bis having
been beaten by three or four men wh:
jumved at him from behind the park wall.
wife put him to bed after binding up
his bruiaes, which she did not think serious.
Se her husband unconscious in th:

morning she chiled in a doctor, whe found |

that Bleezarde had a fractured skull. He
ger worse and was taken to the hospital
ednesday night.
esterda

where he died early

y y

Hardly had his death been reported ty |
the oe when Alfred Rutherfor! of
205 West Sixty-third street staggered into

the West NSixty-eighth street. station and
told how he bad been beaten and rolbed

of hie diamond pin by four highwaymen |

in the shadows in front of the Sloane
Maternity Hospital, at Fifty-ninth street
and Amsterdam avenue. His cries fright-
ened them off. Later George
Metropolitan Street Railway Company clerk,

ried that he had been also held up
and beaten by two men at Fortieth strem
and Seventh avenue during the early

morning.

A score of detectives were sent through
the San Juan Hil! district which bed |
the arrest of four men. Rutherford iden-
tifled two of these as hie assailants Thomas
Carr of 503 Weat Fifty-ninth street and
Bartholomew McCarthy of 235 West Sixtieth
street. Central Office men picked up two
more, who will be brought ‘ore Ruther-
ford to-day. They were Frank Dunleavy
of 68 Amsterdam avenue and Joseph Ryan
of 177 West Sixty fourth street.

 

 

 

GOVERNMENT TAKES A HAND,

Representative of Attorney-General
Court to Prosecute Labor Agent

Lawyer Louis S. Posner, represent ng
the Federal Department of Justice, ap-
peared before Magistrate Herrman in ‘he
Yorkville police court yesterday morning
to prosecute Aldo Sparti, an Italian banker
and labor agent of 210 East Tenth street.
Sparti was arraigned on a charge of stealing
$26 from Antonio di Benedetto of 62 Morrell
street, Brooklyn.

Mr. Posner told the Magistrate that
Sparti’s employment agency license had
been revoked and that this was one of
several serious prosecutions against labor
agents on which the Attorney-General
is now engaged. According to the charge
against the banker, Consetti Margini, a
vousin of Di Benedetto anda stonemason by
trade, was one of a number of Italians who
were shipped
in August. Angelina Sparti, wife of the
banker and a clever business woman, went
with the consignment. ,

The prosecution alleges that Sparti
promised Margini work at hia trade. In-
stead of that, on his arrival in Richmond
the mason was put to work as a common
laborer in a stone quarry. He was taken
sick, exhausted by the unusual character
of the work, and wrote his cousin for $26
to bring him back to New York. Di Bene-
detto gave the money to Sparti in his oa-
pacity of banker to send. Margini says he
never received it. Mrs. Sparti said she
received the money from her husband and
eae it to Margini, the latter paying it
debt.

to her in part payment of a previous
Magistrate Herrman held the banker in
$800 bail for examination October 16.
A PERSIAN WITH A CONSCIENCE,
Finds Little Sentiment When He Puts Him.

self in the Grasp of Federal Laws.

Baba Yooseph is a Persian of the true
Oriental cast, and he talks of having a con-
science that troubled him sorely. At any

 

that his
point of determining him to return the
When Baba went into the post office on
October 10 on his praiseworthy errand and
the $10.50 in the hanfs of Assistant
athe sevnouton Waa fo

at two children in Persia may never hear

 

Tarrytewn Firemen Have a Vanderbilt
Dog for Mascot.

Tarnrrown: N. Y., Oct. 11.—-Afred G.

i a

samed the dog

pal Pit Se Pata iin, VP iS on 8h

needed, and then asked where the money |

| ART EXPERT RUEATEN TO DEATH. |
Bicerarde Virtim of Hottup Wen--Other |

hvans, a!

to Richmond, Va., by Sparti |

‘commissioner Mre. Hf Colvin, Mr. and Mrs, i

Fa oe ee ary for in | Glicheiat ir. and’'Mirs. Charles C. Runcolt
theft of $10.50 from the Yonkers office, | #94 A. L. Wheeler.

conscience had worried him to the | ., 2" board the steamship Pretoria, for

ttschalk, Net . Haley, Mr. b
2 eet aal ocer stat Ber, however | Au’y hy Agpeiyn, che Hee. D. 8: Cisgrat
declined to be sentimental, © gave » &, WOInBEren.
Baba the privilege of an interview ith The steamship Zeeland, for Antwerp,
Detective an of the Yonkers police, | Will take:
The interview must have been interesting, | ,.M : , Saaey de Vigoss Bplé via, Mra. He 00
because it lasted until yesterday morning | Wiliam M. Clemens, Mr and Mem Ht. i:
as on ns Gilmap. the Rev. and Mrs. E. G, Thurber
Jacobs ang Meyers. Menem, sperms and | and W.'F. Warner.
declined tobe sentimental, with the unha Se SE bape
Baba held in $600 bail for | ™ Ge ny rye ;
an Se Grand Jun or! Mr. and Mra, George Ahlert, Mr. and Mra,
It ia generally od that all sentiment tire. Charen 6. Kgneg, Dr wae Rethan.
stops at tiie porte) cf the Grand Jury's | Mr. ‘ar . J, W. Fosdick, ‘Mr. ;
room. “itlooke dark for Baba, but nis wile x. te Hine San, Dr. an Mra. w"k Marshall

:

 
 

i}

i

i
ti titties [ |
a(t ith ii

———— ee

;

 

« afiliared in the leet eeweral years, and
line mmajorioy of (he mame the mutts did not

atvance beyond the of the initial
papers Commend decterewt name of them
Dawe been premunrcated

anecoatuity.

Andem te alleged te hawe filed « hill in
the United Staten (iret Court in Trenton
on May 19, 1006, oetensibly in behalf of the
| New England Phonograph Company, in
| which Mr. Bdieen. the Edison Phonogreph
Compeny and the Eedieon Works were named

ae defendants. The bill was signed by one
Holmyiet an president, and alongside a
large water anal was written; “Attest, James
| l. Andem, seoretary.”
| It is alleged Holmquist was never presi-
dent of the New Ungland company end
| Andem was not secretary of that corpora-

| tion Mr Edison. through hie counsel,
| Attorney-General MoCarter, entered a plea
alleying that the bill had beon fled without
author. ty of the New England Phonc phy
Company and without the knowledge of tts
directors ‘the plea charged further that
he boii) was a forgery and that the auit
| was merely a means by which ite prosesou-
| tors, through the aid of the courts. hoped
| to be able to extort money from Mr. Edison
| After his arraignment Mr. Andem said
that the proceedings had been brought to
intimidate him He said it was abeurd to
accuse him of forging the seal of the New
England corporation. He asserted that
the directors of the company of which he
wns coavetary had demanded of the direc-
tore whom \r. Edison had elected the

a

seal of the corporation and it wae refused. |

He said he then put a red seal on the

}
t re
which were filed in the suit and which « joes |

hot purport, he declared, to be a copy of
) the original seal of the corporation
| “When thie matter is thoroughly atred
| in the courts,” Mr. Andem went on, “it will
j be shown just where Mr. Ecison and bis
t

crowd are. { think the man has been
| badly acivieed The directors of the eom-
piwuy whieh he bad eleeted are simply
clerks in his employ, while those of the
corporation of which T claim to be the

rightful and lawful seoretary are wealtby
treete

| cannot sey.
“When (was president of the Ohio Phon
| graph Company an attempt was made to
| freight me ont there, but it didn't work

Now the same methods are being used
here.”

duet why | should be singled ove
'

OW OPTIONS: 8460, 266, 696 end 1900
Seadway 90 Tato 918 Cotambne Veo
tt? Pane 198m %., Cp em Coneral tenttan

Talephors 3480 Madicon Square

   

ArH a's

 

B. Altman & Ca.

MISSES’, BOYS’ AND CHILDREN’S OUTFITS,

INCLUDING

GARMENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,

FOR

SCHOOL AND DRESS WEAR,

HOSIERY. SHOES, GLOVES, NECKWEAR,

®. Altuan & Oo.

————

HATS, ETC

ANNOUNCE AUTUMN STYLES IN

THE FASSO CORSET, ALSO RECENT MODELS IN
THE ESNAH CORSET FROM THEIR OWN WORKROOMS

   

COLD TOAST, $0 DOCTOR QUIT

| COMMISSIONER HEBRERD PUN-

Andem about ten yeare ago. it is said, |

obtained control of the Ohio Phonograph

| eee when that concern was prac-
tically bankrupt. He opened stores in
Chicago, Indianapolis and Dayton, ope

rating them under the name of the Edison
Phonograph Company of Ohio. It is

stock of the Ohio Phonograph Company
ands then had a receiver appointed and
bought in for himself for $1,800,

Mr. Edison brought snit to have the
transaction set aside. Andem made an
assignment and left the State, Andem,
it is said, had dealings with other phono-
graph companies by which authority was
iven to him to bring suits to recover from
Mr. Edison and companies the latter was
connected with profita on sales of phono-
graphs alleged to have been made by the
defendants in the complainants’ respective
territories. ‘

_One of thease companies was the New
Engpas _Phonogra Company Andem
fil a bill under a power of attorney
granted to him by the company’s board of
directors, The suit was ordered discon-
tinued in 1902 by the board of directors
and his connection with the concern was
severed. The directora voted a generai
release to Mr. Edison as to all causes of
action that might exiat

Backed with 4,000 shares of stock, Andem
appeared at the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the New England Phno-
graph Company in 1904 ang nominated a

rd of directors. Holmqhtist was among

those he represented. :

4 RAFT OF 8,000 LOGS

Here From Nova Scotia and Will Navigate
Heli Gate To-day.

Another big raft of logs arrived yesterday
from Port Greville, Nova Scotia. This one
is 400 feet long and is made up of 8,000 logs.
It was brought down by the tug Under-
writer; Capt. House, and anchored at City
Island vesterday afternoon.

It left Port Greville on October 4.

 

Capt.
oes wae pet Seon to — pe raft
through Hell Gate’ » but will do so
this morning assisted by the tugs F. B.
Dalzell and Dalzelline. The raft will be
taken to Bayonne. It is consigned to Stan-
ley H. Miner.

 

The Seagoers.

Among the passengers who will sail toe
day on the ~ snaaaeea St. Louis, for South-
ampton, will be:

B. Adama, C. R. C >
. Crossley, Mr. and Mire:
. A. Holmes, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
B, Kane, Mr. and Sire H. ©. H. Robertson,
Mr. and R. R. Sloan and the Hon. P,
L. Wicks,

On board the steamship Etruria, for Liv-
erpool, will be:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Edward Ackley, Mr. and

Mr. and Mra.
Joh
Hi Bevis H

Hamburg:
Cc. hs, Dr. Julius G

4 Dr. and ane ‘ est Scholten. nee

The steamship Mesaba, for London, will

The Rev. James Bedford Brown, Augunt

A, BE. Pennington and bh. ond Mr f. 8
Wilson,
Among those who arrived on board the
steamship Celtic, from Liverpool, were:
more, the Hon. Porothy Smith-
ve, Mr. and Mra, John
Brudenell- Murphy. v.

Lady Ba
merry. H. B. Bila
; wers, Capt.

Vanderbilt has presented a tine Dalmatian | Arwen ate ences
nasals vn the quiere of ape Hane Oe | ia Se aan e ee roman, OF .gpe Myo, De wis
Dany rary Ow presented by MrVert | ham. Se. and Mrs. Willard Host, W.F
Herbilt to Engine Company 30 of the New | Gen’ Nitin aE” ni lg Col. taka.
York Fire t. company has Mr, ape is, igh Waterbury a ;

I,
A rie ute Yi a ihe biel Ni /i
® ¥, _

“gS at ti ah bie)

ee

alleged that he filled these stores with the |

|

it, and this is
‘ot avarice.”

ISHES DOCTOR ANP NURSP.

Hospital Left Without a Surgeon After the
Toast Incitent—Doctor Made Charges

!

'

Against Nurse of Grafting Hoth sus. .

pensions (ontinaced

“The only way to serve toust is wrapped

to Supt. Ada Newbold of the Bradford

After Hearing. |

in a napkin. [T am getting tired of this
| treatment, so [ guess Tl quit and close the |
shop.” The above ultimatum was given |

Street Hospital, Brooklyn, on September !

27 by Dr. Ralph 8. Cone, the only surgeon
of that institution. The following morning

the surgeon declared war after he was
served again with cold toast It was
accompanied this time with coffee, which
the young doctor declared was coffee

“frappay,” due to ice cold cream being
poured into the coffee while boiling hot
Mise Newbold was surprised when Vr

Cone quit, thereby suspending the cis
pensary and ambulance service of the
hospital. A dozen surgical cases that

were in the réception room had to be turnet
away and the hoapital had to shut down
practically for the time being. Dr. John
Fitzgerald, general medical superintendent
of the Kings County Hospital, of whitch the
Bradford Street Hospital is a branch, sus-
pended Dr. Cone and reported the case to
Charities Commissioner Robert W. Heb-
berd.

Dr. Cone retaliated by aceusing Miss
Newbold of clipping off the tops of fingers
of patients and prescribing medicine which

she was not entitled todo. To make matters |

worse, he said, the clipping wasdone with |

ordinary shears. He also charged Mine.

Newbold with grafting.

Commissioner |

Hebberd investigated these charges and |

brought the matter to a close yesterday
by continuing the suspension of Dr. Cone

for a period of one month from date of sus- | a
| clubs in which many of the members. are)
| not congenial to them,
| Yale anc

pension. Leriiency was shown by the Com-
miamoner because Dr. Cone’s treatment
by other employees. at the hospital was
undoubtedly of a nature to disturb his judg.
ment.

In regard to the charges against Miss
Newbold the Commissioner said that som
of them were true.
had no right to charge ten cents to patients

Miss Newbold, he said, |

of the dispensary who had lost their cards, |
neither had she any authority to amputate |

a finger or prescribe icine, even in the
case of a waitress of the institution in
reply to the charge that she had collected
$2 from a patient Mise Newbold said that
the money was given to her as a donation
to the hospital. She admitted that she
had not turned the money in, but said that
she was ready to. The Commissioner said
that Miss Newbold had no authority to
accept any donation.

The Commissioner decided that Mias New -
bold should be suspended and reprimanded
neces, of faults in the ‘internal manage-
ment the hospital, for which she was
responsible, and that she should be trans-
ferred to the Coney Island hospital. Her
previous service, extending over a period
of eight years without serious ground of
complaint,and her good qualities in many
respects appeared to Mr. Hebberd to be
reasons why she should be retained, The
place she will hold hereafter is that of
cepervumnn Hee at the Coney Island hos-
pital, which is a reduction in place and
salary.

MARK TWAIN'S APPRECIATION

Of a Joke & the Magazine for the Blind
'.. On Hitmeets.

The Matilda Ziegler Magazine jor the Blind
has moved from ita old offices at 1031
Broadway to larger quarters at 906 West
Fifty-third street. Hereafter the company
#ili print the magazine iteelf

A pleasant little incident has linked the
October issue of the zine with the
name of Mark Twain. very month a
$5 prize is offered for the subscriber send-
ing in the best joke or epigram and the
R ge winner in the October number ie a
ittle witticiam directed at Mr. Clemens.
In hie acknow t of the advance
on eontaining the jest at his expense
t

umorist says
“We know a valuable thing when we aea
precious beyond the dreams

 

 

'

. °

hua 2, a ait
ea)

grrr ree eer et

aath Street, 35th Street and sth Avenue.

HE best is not el-

ways hardest
to get—especially in
clothes. Think of the
convenience of com-
ing into our store and
quickly selecting «
perfectly fitting and
fashionable suit. Then
think of the bother of
teilor’s ‘try ons” and
of not knowing how

your custom suit will
look until it is mede
up. We say ours is
the better way and
would be glad to

prove it.

Business Suits

$18 to $45

ASTOR PLACE AND FOURTH AVE.

BROKAW

REORGANIZES DEBATING,

 

The Formal (tub System Lod te Harvard's

Defeats by Vale and Princeton,

Harvard cdeyating is to be reorganized
by the abolition

clubs, Harvard used to be preeminent
in intervollegiate debating, but able men
from all the different college sets no longer
are attracted to it, as they have to join

Hence defeat by
Princetgn.

Under the neW system students of like
tastes will be execouraged to form. emall

elubs of their own which will have the use ©

of the debating club rooms in Dane Hall.

 

Brooklyn Civie Union Incorporated,

The Brooklyn Civic Union has been in- 4

corporated and yesterday Supreme Court
Justice Aspinall approved of the ineor-

poration papers, which were filed in the 7
| County Clerk's office.

The ineorporators,
Otto Wicke, Minor ©. Fastinan,

Spitzer, Thaddeus P. Byatt and Herman
Lehman, state that the object of the unien
is to “procure the election to public oftioes
of persons pledged to the business admin-
istration of public affairs,” and also “to
raise the standard of candidates of public
office to a higher plane than now evisting.”

(pReNCM REPUBLIC PROPERTY)

We caution | Physicians

against accepting sub-
stitutes so-called

“VICHY” offered by
unscrupulous dealers.

Net Genuine
Withos? the werd

CELESTINS®

1 of the old system of fonnal . 7

Robert

 

 
 
 
        
         
       
     
  
 
 
   
    
  
       
           
    

te
‘a