&

  

complete
| generation was hopeless. In the first

Ce er ee ae geet amt i
fe cee Ree qeveatiion © eect Gnen andloanvy
ee
ee ee ee
OPe fhe hi men fe hee Pemene®
ae (0 feewer fee oe of ererem We

per
+ qamernt

of chee ao (het Geert
. covet memermnreve 16 Wreolne Fiver ervunling
. « tea eee ewe = lew we
. () tn (fear e he wae if leniee
+ WH fenwer oe ow eet fete
rat he ole hen fe hee
oe ee eo Bd femi~e
oreo fot) a ate nee
wee | (eet on ¢ om wot one
ot 1 te ew creel an
of tate he ee wee
Hil ell peewee be peepee ne
litef e@rretica aytewiios are
‘hem 9 ( hells eres
Laren tarteenge
ne of (heen atet) hee of aad
- He teere © prowen fe retention
. ehonting (he lolnnenite of @ar
! ogee of the tle here are tery
ar cetel boeter fewt@na of porte
a o@ Cah New The wettet hee fre
re |
oh @e and @nem fhe @fhie® the
ne hy) @ere heated
1 Ft Cert fhe Rave
lovefort? @ae fhe Hae hee in Pa
- romerer'® etery of °liefending
n * A Rew in Blow and « Roe in
er Lorheen, Lee & Shepard Comnane 4
' tt wilt he @ doubting Themee
eacer @he cefieee (> helewe that
. « bow and hte friend Ande Aring
t waa the @ray bee had what the ,
“het time” @hen they @ene |
" opposite sides in fhe greet

Rent «fe

~ ote of
5 ‘wr w

|

. ’ *
. foe tle le prone eno ng, hee there
e cof) epeenre@ement hewdes in the
coped on the cower where we
on «) hove wearing bine and gray

e x on a ped round and shaking red |
before (he back mugele of a feld

nee the cannengie aimed point blank
at (oe ohaercer hot @e are confident that
hie conowey @ill be aupertor to hie fears
He » || brave the cannon for the purpose |

ef seroma at the text. We notice rhat
To « «ore leggings, notwithetanding that
he wae not a zonave They may he a
eolecweam, an anticipation of the martial
ar ceeoof forty vears later, but they look
fire rare end it 1 ovr opinion that infantry
and a pedesimane in esserern Virginia
me have either leggings or india rib
by « We recall a piece of humor that
we e read was etanderd and standing
fn that momentous time. The humoriat
need o> go about in eamps or other crowded |
art cles inquiring: “Has anybordy seen
a feller with a dark blue coat and light |
blie pant We notice here on the cover
thar T a wore “panta” of dark bhie, in
shade of color the same as his coat, it was
contrary to regulations and the joke. but
we sip ose that the color scheme in cover |
decorations is necessarily cireumecribed.
It is plain from his musket that Louis was
in the infantry. and no leas plainly do we
eee that Andy. with his boots and spurs
and jow dangling sabre, was a trooper;

indeed. it will be found that he and his horse |
Firefly. a moet intelligent and affectionate
animal. were almost as much one piece
as the Siamese Twins or the Two Headed
Nightingale.

The cover really renders it needless to
tell what ie in the story. We made amark
at one point in order to warn the reader
Lonia was 17 years old when South Carolina
sece ied, and Grace Arlington, his friend |
Andy's sister, who could play the piano |
and wing very well (the reader is cordially
requested to believe this), was 15. Touis |
had been visiting the Arlington plantation |
in Virginia and was about to return home ;
to his father’s farm in Pennsylvania, for
war seemed to be looming, and Grace said
to him, “pouting” in a pretty manner as |
she spoke: “If you fight against ve I'll
think you real mean.” She said that, but
(and here is where our warning comes
in) there is nothing in the story afterward
to show that she meant it. Crace knew
more things than the piano. She knew
what charm may be thrown into ironies,
and she never thought Louis mean, not-
withstanding he went away and fought
against the (onfederacy like a tiger. Both
boys enlisted when Fort Sumter -wae fired
upon—when, in the words of she story,
there “came the shot whith, as some writers
have said, was heard around the world.”
They met repeatedly and on a number
of battlefields and remained firm frends,
though on opposite sides, through all the
stress of the great difficulty. “Don't kill
him! Don’t, please!” This was the cry
of Andy at Bull Run when a South Carolina
soldier “was about to stick his bayonet
into the Lnion boy's breast.” There is a
picture illustrating the savage thrust and
almost illustrating the generous vocifera- |
tion. Any boy who sees this picture, after
beholding the cover, will be bound to go |
ip for the whole book.

 

These Bad and Hopelcss Times. |

Mr David Graham Phillips's story of |
"Light Fingered Gentry” (D. Appleton &
Company) deals with the evil of dishonest |
lifeinsurance. When Horace Armstrong be- |
came president of the Mutual Association |
Against Old Age and Death (generally and
reasonably abbreviated to O. A. D. in the |
story) it was not long, we read, “beforé he |
saw that the whole system for gathering
in more and more policyholders, however
beneficent incidental results might be, had
&s its sole purpose the drawing of more
and more money within the reach of greedy,
unclean hands.” All through the tale Mr.
Phillips lashes his wicked people with
earnestness and serious scorn. He tells of
Fosdick, the arch villain of life insurance.
Armstrong was in his office. He was think
Ing of the evil power of Fosdick. He was
Greatly agitated as he thought. “He
Btraightened himself, shook himself; he
clenched his fists and his teeth until the
Powerful muscles of his arms and shoulders
and jaws swelled to aching, until the blood
beat in his skin like flame against furnace
wall. The door opened; he saw as he was
turning that it was Josiah Fosdick; he
wheeled back toward the window because ;
he knew that if he should find himself full
face to this master of his before he got self-
contro] he would spring at him and sink his
fingers in his throat and wring the life out
of him. The will to kill! To feel that crea-
ture under him, under his knees and fingers;
to see eyes and tongue burst out; to know
that the brain that dared conceive the
thought of making a slave of him was dead
for his insolence!” Fosdick was chewing
4n unlighted cigar. It disturbed us to read
that “the odor of it was to Armstrong the
sickening stench of the personality of his |
Waster,”

Fosdick’s daughter Amy threw hereelf
thamelessiy at Armstrong’s head. He
flirted with her for a season, then snubbed
her with truly astonishing rudeness. He
tiumphed in spite of Fosdick in putting
the business of the O. A. D. on an honest
footing. He recovered several millions
of money that had been stolen from it,
but he could not recover ali of the stolen
Millions and he could not send the thieves
t prison. “They have too many powerful
friends,” he said. “They own the depart-
Ments of justice here and at Washington.”
That makes it plaim enough that

 

*.
9 Me ad
« Aa ett aa

tC eke

‘and are armed with bibliographies. He
| hunta for rogues wherever they are to be

| times in the *Newgate Calendar,” tingia-
, phies, and. unfortunately, sociology and
| eriminology. The expansion into fact and

| rogues

| down to Will [rwin; if we atop to think, there

| Chandler deale with the popular detective |

' day the reader may feel that his own judg-

| lock Holmes stories, for instance, seems a

| graphy.

 

een Closes at 5:30 P. M.
= sees Another Children's Day
cue auewwe Celebration At Wanamaker's

AGT Saturday's eoont ene « Wwemendewe eco) =(There one

only one ceed in cor ohy) |= (Wille we entertemed mere

shan ow rhenpemred children (ere wnne vepemmerda cof @ tenement
whe conic’) get date the Auditertam ft wae an wnprecedentedt
to Were an many (henennede of children in « etere in one daw thet
we were taken hry aterm

Pat, of all the fine audiences that we heave entertained 6
the Auditertam during thee celebration days, none gave ae ow
much gratification as thee theneends of childrene facee atv
with emilee and laughter, and the ehildren'« enteew ae they eng
the familiar anngr

crea nrg cence We are aorry for theme who were disappointed leet week. hut
\e whap Pre? Chandler hae i we hape they will get gned anata tomnrtnw:
ula ap Ge Ge The prewram in the Auditorium will he practiesily the same

ae lnet Saturday—the Organ, the Songs, Dr Pison's delightful
Pictures, and the merry pranka of the Clowns
The Children'e Plavground. up in the Tow Mare. will he grantiy

revere ree
de Tormes "and ahewing ite

pony y BS, -G ad, - enlarged for tomorrow. an that disappointments ehemid be few
' vr ¢ ‘a
had nat ant thet he dome oe EF TO BE PUBLISHED NEXT SATURDAY, But BE EARLY, to secure seats for your little folke. Then

we'll give you a dav of the heat entertainment provided anywhere
for Children

Children'a Entertainments, in the Auditorium, Second floor
of the New Building, at 10.30 in the morning, and at 2 o'clock in
the afternoon.

Since Concerta for the grown-ups are provided twice daily
during the other five days of the week, we wish to give EVERY
SEAT to a child today. Parents are requested to accompany
only children whe are toe ameall to be left alane. Other child
should be unaccompanied—.so that EVERY CHILD POSSIBLE
may get into the Auditorium today.

OCTOBER 19,

EDITH WHARTON’S
Great Novel

The Fruit of the Tree

    
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  

the daughter of King Rhampainitue.

From that he proceeda to Engliah rognery
and here he adopta another method. thongh
hie chapter retain the monograph type

found, in legend, in ballads, in poetry, in —
jeat booke, in plays. and in more degenerate

     
       
       
   
       
     
       
     
         
     
     

author's distinction between villains and

In the second volume Prof. Chandler
changes his method once more He passes
in review all English literature from Defoe

Program in the Auditorium

Saturday, October 12, 1907
10:30 A. M. to 2 P. M.

are few authors that do not introduce some
Mr. P. CaPaprreRrnio, Cornetiat.

character that may be twisted into a rogue Mrs. Wite0n Yorna, Soprano.

in their stories; where they do not they are | Mr. Freeman Wriont, Baritone Mr. Artuvr Depew, Organiat.
mentioned so that that fact may be noted. | CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS Dr. J. &. Dixon, Leoturer.

Many of the author's judgments will meet
with acceptance, though as he approaches |
our own times the atrain to prove the
roguery of old friends becomes noticeable. |
The need of summaries of pretty well

known books is not apparent and indicates

that the rigid demands of method get the |
hetter of discretion, while when Prof. |

The Woods Brothers, Clowns

1. The Organ, Selections from Faust.
. Chorus, “America.” The audience will please rise and join
in the singing of our National Anthem.
. Cornet Solo, “Columbia” Fantasie . .
The Clowns’ Entertainment.
Chorus, “Hail Columbia.”
. Soprano Solo, “Lullaby”... ice eee
; “Little eyes are tired,
Slumber gently creeping.”
(A life picture, with calcium lights.)
7. Chorus, “Dixie Land.” To be sung by the entire aimiience.
8. Dr. Dixon's Half Hour with the “hildren,
With Lantarn Views and Moving Pictures.
9. Chorus, “The Star Spangled Banner,”
To be sung by the entire audience.

Gounod

n

Rollinaon

To be sung by the entire audience.
M. J. Chapman

ev few

and criminal fiction of yesterday and to- |

THE
Princess Pourquoi

MARGARET SHERWOOD

autor of Daphne, etc

A volune of clever and amusing parables, uncovering many
of the current fads and humbugs of present-day life and society.
It goes to the heart of such human motives or foibles as form

ment is as much to be depended upon as
the professor's. The eulogy of the Sher-

little eut of date.

For every subdivision of his theme, how-
ever fantastic, the author supplies a biblio- |
There is no doubt about his
thoroughness, even if his method seems to
run mad at times, and as a book of reference
his volumes are valuable. We can only
prey that they may not beeome the saubjeoe
of a college course; courses fully as eccen-
tric appear in the catalogues now, and there
is the promise of further educational va-
garies in the list of bocks in preparation
for the series to which this belongs

 

 

The Only Kind of Clothiag
It?s Safe to Buy for Your Beys

Is clothing that you can trust absolutely, down to the last
thread.

There is lots of good-looking clothing on the market nowadays
that is called “commercially pure wool” (that is, with a cotton
thread running through it for decorative purposes) by the woolen
mills that make the cloth, the agents that sell it, and the manu-

” facturers that make it up into suits.
. From that, the cotton adulteration runs all the way to SEV-
ENTY-FIVE PER CENT. or more, as the boiling test, applied to
a five-dollar suit bought outside a day or so ago, revealed.

We consider the “commercially pure wool” as objectionable as seventy-
five per cent. cotton—and not a thread enters into Wanamaker Clothing
for Boys that. isn’t all-wool—except the silk thread with which all Wana-

the basis of great contemporary novels like those of Mrs.
Wharton or Miss Sinclair.

The delicate irony and wholesome, happy charm of style
place Miss Sherwood’s work on a high plane.

Illustrated. $1.50.

Foreign Parts.

A thoroughly enjoyable book of travel
has been written by Josephine Tozier in
*# Spring Fortnight in France” (Dodd,
Mead and Company). The traveller is
represented as a spinster of middle age

of much enthusiasm and ready
to talk with the people she meets. Her
itinerary is through the centre of France
to Albi in the south and then across country
to the Rhone. The greater part is off the |
beaten track, and even the towns that are
becoming known which come in her way
are far from being hackneyed for the
present. ‘The descriptions and historical
memories are enlivened with many inci-
dents of travel which are entertaining
enough to make the love stories which the
author has chosen to interweave into her
narrative, pleasant ae they are, seem a
trifie superfluous. It is good to have the real
France that lies outside of Paris and the

HOUGHTON, MIFFLIN & CO.
Boston and New York

 

water colors by Reginald Bariatt have no
connection with the text. The artist for-
Much good taste is shown in the account | tunately does not scorn familiar scenes;
of “Venice” written by Beryl de Sélincourt | he is strong in architectural details, but
and May Sturge-Henderson (Dodd, Mead | might have shown more discrimination in
and Company). The book is illustrated in —s his a = — from
. . for once, the text | which he em. who have seen : : :
eae aces It is\impossible to | Venice oi enjoy the book. maker clothing is sewed, It’s been a stiff fight against market conditions

eay anything new about Venice, but the Of a wholly different character is Miss to keep cotton out, and prices down, but we've done it, and it is questionable

Riviera and the few other hard beaten
\
|

authors look on it with sympathetic and | Esther Singleton’s machine made book on if any other Boys’ Clothing Store in New York City can say this with entire
|
|
'
|
|
|
|
|

tracks brought to notice so brightly.

observant eyes, they speak of many little | “Germany, Described by Great Writers” truthfulness. :

cook on tear Ga on mun die. = oy That's what we mean when we say “Clothing you can trust.”

= i hom = lok, See aoa Continued on Eighth Page. We wish you could see the care with which our Boys’ Clothing is made.
; There are only a few manufacturers that we can get to do it our way—and

they say that the Wanamaker list of “musts” and “don'ts” is the stiffest they

ever encounter. That is another reason why you can trust this clothing.

It looks well to start with—handsome patterns. It wears well---all-wool.

It pleases both parents and boys—-

Dodd, Mead and Company).

(

 

  

 

        
     
  
  
      

   
 
       
         
  
     
 
   
     

 
   
 

It keeps its shape—good tailoring.
well-selected styles. .

The Rotunda of the new building is’ full of Autumn styles.

The Wanamaker Special Suits and Reefers, in various styles for boys
of 3 to 16, are the only all-wool clothes regularly sold today at $5 a suit. At
$6.50 there are stylish suits of new plaid velours; at $8.50 other handsome
fabrics, and so on up to $18, for Norfolk Jacket Suits with the new inverted
plait of finest English hard-finished worsteds.

And the stock of Wash Suits is kept at ite height through the season—
many charming new styles are now here, at $1.50 to $3.50.

There is fine variety of Boys’ Flannel Shirts and Blouses at 75c to $1.50.

All in all, parents will find it safe, satisfactory and profitable to buy
their boys’ clothing at Wanamaker's. Main Floor, New Buliding

“THERE IS NO MESSAGE OF LOVE, AFFECTION, GOOD WILL
OR FRIENDSHIP THAT CANNOT BE CONVEYED IN A BOOK’’

 
 
  
    
 

 
  
   
 

. BRENTANO’S

ANNOUNCE THEIR

Removal
Monday, October 14th

FROM UNION SQUARE TO
THEIR NEW PREMISES

. Fifth Ave. & Twenty-Seventh St.
MADISON SQUARE
(ONE BLOCK FROM BROADWAY)
As always, Brentano’s cordially welcome visitors
and customers, irrespective of any intention or
obligation to purchase. |

| BRENTANO’S,

Fifth Ave. and Twenty-Seventh St., New York.
. TELEPHONE Ne. 3500 MADISON.

 

Men’s Warmer Underwear

Not necessarily Winter underwear just yet—though we have our Winter
assortment ready—but the intermediate sorts that every man knows he
ought to have in his second bureau drawer when he wakes up on a sharp
October morning.

If yours are not all ready to jump into, perhaps these suggestions of
comfortable, well-made, fairly priced Shirte or Drawers in medium weight
will help.

At 50c cog pan Ribbed See.

At $1 50 each Natural French Merino; Mercerized Cotton.

These in heavy-weight for the foresighted man :

At 80c each—Gray Ribbed Cotton; plain gray fleeced.

ALST gach: “American Bera Riba Cotte no

At 82.50 each-—Natural Wool; guaranteed uns! le.
Main Floor, New Buliding.

  
 

     
   
 

    

       

 

    
  
 
 

   

Men’s Half Hose—Autumn Styles

Somehow, Summer socks don’t go very well with Fall clothes. Autumn
styles are ready here in profusion—no need to economize in your new supply
either, for handsome sorts cost very little:

At 25c a —Plain fast black cotton, light or heavy weight.

Black medium weight.
At 60c a pair—Biack lisle thread, embroidered or clocked, in pretty designs

ae n, gre or cadet blue merino.
Black Fil-end-wool, medium weight.

   
  

   

Main Floor, New Building.

JOHN WANAMAKER

Formetly A. T. Stewart & Co..
Broqdway, Fourth Avenue, Eighth to Tenth Street.

 

 

  

| _ Phe mragie te thar of « grea
Weevtern fortune, eceumvulated in

Weatern acvle. and enddenty lant
at the feer af « Woeetern gr" in
| etrange, romanti: fashion. Money
‘brings ite magic power, hue i
brings ale « fettering restraint
when lowe falle like « golden

serowe the Wroine « Mife,
| tt @ not the fime-worn eery af
love at odde with wealth, hut «

| and nowel situation in
which hearts and millions hang
| in the balance.

By Gertrude Atherton

| “A tale of two continents=-
,one of the most powerful aan
| noteworthy novels of the season.
The author has done for San
Francisco what Zola did tor
Paris, and Thackeray anc
Dickens for London.”—PAr-
, delphia North Amerwan.

| From Saii

to Steam
By Captain Alfred T. Mahan
This book, by an author of

world-wide distinction and author-
ity on naval affairs, presents not
only personal reminiscences but
the interesting story of the change
from sail to steam power in the
navy, and the resultant important
effects. It is, in fact, a history
of the old navy and the new.

The
Settler

, By Herman Whitaker

| This is a splendid ‘story of the
| great Northwest and its sturdy
pioneers. It embodies a love-
itale of insistent interest, and in
‘the struggle of the hero against
| the great railway magnates of the
| East it brings frontier and metro-
_politan life into Close touch and
| contrast. A story of thoroughly
| wholesome interest.

Christian

Science
| By Mark Twain

\- “The most important contri-
| bution to the current discussion
| of Mrs. Eddy and her creed.”—
| Albany Argus.

| “The humor—of which there
‘is abundance—is incidental;
| here is one of the keenest and
| most searching examinations of
‘the Eddy system ever written.”
—Providence fournal.

' We know of no treatise on
| the hostile side so thorough as
| this and so little distorted by
| prejudice.”"-—N. Y. Evening Sun.

| HARPERS AARPERS A ARPERS|
LAAGAZINE. BAZAR WEEKLY
| :

 
  
 

READ

The Book you want,
When you want it.

THE NEW

'
1
}
!
|
| Books are so man
That to own all of them is expensive.
| But all the new
{

FICTION

May be had b ing a small
Rental fee whi te book

is in your possession

AT LITTLE
EXPENSE

Xe have Ge petvioge
an ex ve library.
Books delivered to an
Weekly or Yearly Mem

addreas.
rship Fee.

New Fiction Library

2 Bast 28th St., New York.
149 B’way (Corridor), New York.
Newark, N. J., 12 West Park &.

 

SS ee

‘Books and Autographs Wanted,

We solicit consignments of books, autogr let
ters, engravings, coins, stamps, curlose en for

sale at auction.
| We are the leading house {fn this line and our

charges are low. Write for particulars,

THE MERWIN-CLAYTON SALES CO.,

20-24 Fast 20th St., N. ¥.

 
        
    
     

oS SS SS SE ee ne

BOOKS.--
} matter on what subject; write me stat
ted; | can get you any boo

shed
fn F call and v

 

ee a »
phen eb eae De be
wet aul Sala
Ba ae

  

 

All out of print books supplied. no
bocas

ek lever publinieg
0 Db
1. dobe, *