*

 

VoL, VNNVIIL= AG, 290,

    
 

 

ii) ON THE MISSING VOUCHER’? es .4ve: wane rseer,

| Falling Wall ‘Threatens Engines and

ase tas a m Flames Spread to Lumber Yard.
presse rstNG OFFICER SAYS HE) What at first appeared to be nothing
wis /0lDp tO WEED STILL,

|
'
More than an unusually smoky fire in a}
ioe Story factory building at 619 to 625 |
eo He Made Ne Lifort to Find Who yen oat oo tee oer he a a
‘ *d out to one of the hottest blazes
|e, |
feturned rane Lost Paper Letter (iat pire Chief Kenlon has had to fight |
From Denby Telling How the Matter | since he has had hie new jab. |
Was Huried In 100 and the Reason, | On the ground floor of the factory was}

the Frank Richards laundry works, and |

June 16. The long lost | ; A priest of the Roman Catholic Church

Washts the chemicals used by that concern burned
gouche » Davy portrait case was the | :
eubie nteresting testimony [everybody in the surrounding district
day » House Committee on | auras to the fire
Faret he State’ Department, | ine en to send in three alarins. By
sins a disbursing officer of | ime that it looked as if the fire might

be under control it suddenly sprang up
again, and while the firemen sprinted
to get their apparatus out of the way the
east wall of the building fell into A. B.
cook ago, When it was found | Bigelow's lumber yard on the east and
the burning embers set the lumber blazing

The fire engines had to be whisked out
of the way down to Eleventh avenue and

being the witness
its mysterious dis-
+) Was Not seen again

rhe \ fter

among “ naper on the floor of the |
yore The committee is

where the voucher

any ut the big crowd of people that was watch-
ad ese years and who put it | ing the fire from the walls of De Witt
if the disbursing office, Tt | Clinton Park across the way were pushed
cae whee Ohueman Hamlin was ques- | back by the police reserves under In-
. vison along this line te. | Spector Walsh Deputy Police Com-
of the Department's de. | Missioner McKay was on hand and watched

Se Ree othe employees make any ; yd noe :
ere : : The intense heat which drove every

nquiries esord to the matter one out of De Witt Clinton Park burned
vany further inquiries [the trees and grasa there. Shortly after
{1° o'clock the fire burned back into Fift y-
| fifth street and commenced to burn the

=! voucher to discover

 

eh Vir) Hamlin inquired ae :
Warned {i TRU HeaNeD buildings in the rear of the laundry.
‘ ane ° . h ’
M : Kative.) Further spread of the tire was checked
Wt Mir Hamlin demanded. by wet lumber in the yards and the fire
We witness answered some- | was under control at 120 A.M. The
erat bostatinaly, “lL was told not to say | damage was estimated at $100,000
much @ vo COALITION ON THE TARL EF.
The moottee became interested at Siniaitnastoen .
ape Af frat othe. disbursing officer | Bemocratic Senators Decide That They
veal emember who had told him Do Not Need La Follette's Leadership.
to keep quiet, but finally he recollected | WASHINGTON, June 16 —The plan for
coalition between the Democrats and

sat it wes Wilbur J. Carr, direetor of the

certain insurgent Republicans to defeat
Canadian reciprocity and pass certain
of the House tariff bills was practically

consular sens

“When did he tell you that?” Mr. Hamlin

persisted abandoned to-day. Senator La Follette
“after voucher was found," Mr |had been busy trying to get some sort
Morrisor ied. “They thought it ad. {Of an understanding with the Dero-

leratie Senators for concerted action.
He told some of the Demo¢rats that he
believed he could deliver eleven votes
ommittee to-day a cable deapatch | from the insurgent band, but it was very
and letter from Charles Denby, United |@¥ident before the movement had gone
States Consul-General at Vienna, who /far that there were enough Democrats
succeeded Col William H. Michae! as {to look with disfavor on it to prevent
chief clark of the State Department and | the success of the plan.

position when in 1906 Secre- The Senator from Wisconsin then took
ary Root, becoming cognizant | @ new tack. He announced that he would
of a discrepaney of $1,800 in the amount | Prepare a bill making a general revision
paid for an oil portrait of ex-Secretary |@ownward of many important tariff
{State Day and the amount drawn from | Schedules and he conferred with some
‘ne secret fund for the purpose, ordered | Of the Democratic Senators about getting
aa investigation. Both cable despatch |*Upport for it. There have always been
and letter were in response to an inquiry ;4 few Democratic Senators disposed to
Knox following disclosures | follow Senator La Follette, but it was
The | plain that a majority of them were not
of that mind

| Finally some of the Democratic leaders

idiscuss the matter and that
» keep it quiet.”
Department forwarded to

saable not
it waa hatter t
The State

the

 

 

who held that

f State

 

» Secretary
efore the Eapenditures Committee,
ch from Mr. Denby, which
was received at the Department on May 1,
+ as follows

 

at

  

in the Senate told Mr. La Follette that
the Democratic party had a policy of its

? ae ane? yt colin aces ei ‘own for dealing with the tariff question
estigation failed to convince Department {and that it was heing worked out in
sat crim nal charges could be sustained | the House along well defined lines,
fy report by pext mail (with the approval of the Democrats in

his cablegram§ referred of course | the Senate, and that they did not need

tothe results of the investigation ordered the leadership of Mr La Follette, pre-

 

| ferring to follow ther own leaders
Undismayed by
words, the Senator from Wisconsin went
about the work of preparing his tariff

when the Department negotiated | measure, which he will offer as an amend
of Secretary Hay The | ment at the BEGRSE time, He is prepar-
idds that prior to the ing an exhaustive which will
ided in one voucher smaller | probably be delivered in the Senate the

* Pad for Various @xXpenses out
tion allotted to the Depart
expended at the discretion |

Secretary of State and known
2 sroergenoy or secret fund

of

v Secretary Root
these discouraging

is letter

! received at the Depart-
Mr. Denby explains that}

diserepaney was discovered |

ent to-day
nr iwe
A portrait

4001 | xpeech

n

tlaiter part of next week or early in the
| week following

of

PASTOR SUES FOR LIBEL.

 

Objects to Firm's Statement That Me

, 't
sto * pest

order of Secretary Root

i Mr

PATERSON, June 16
Denby says Was hever | Brandt, pastor of St. John’s Evangel-
the Department, fieal Lutheran Church of Acquackanoneck
rk reports as follows ean ip, has brought suit in the District

ow

|
|
|
the investigation ;
|
|

the

Court of Paterson againet Charles P
Pintler of Pintler & Smith, lead glass
makers at 47 Park avenue, for $500 dam-
| ages for libel.

Irregularities in the

“ ' dar fund in question were
Secretary Hay |

tained, as he died in i905,

rieged

‘ledae of

<> Mr Michael went T le

‘ ita, suck van tT ae ps The suit is based on a communication
a en ires we .

Secretary Root, but | sen by Pintler to a member of the con-

 

gregation following a controversy over the
installation of six memorial windows in
the church, ‘The fund for the memorial
windows was provided by the Ruth Guild
of the church and Pintler & Smith got
the contract, but it was later rescinded by
the pastor and awarded to another con-
cern. The section of the communication
in which the Rev, Mr. Brandt says he was

tomy knowledge while
practice had existed

e lack of reliable proof
noot funds and the in-
ef the ad-
man whieh
the incident
action was

ant ermtieism
honored

’ ¢ action

as ¢ nd no oMeial

 

 

Ham atill holds to his libelled reads

ier , hat the voucher and some | He wanted and requested ua to make
nf ; ‘ . the price $200 and asked us to give him
eas papers in the Day portrait! |. ,o- cent. of the amount, stating that it
po) nave heen “dootored” recently i as the rule of the denomination that a
2 * Mr. Morrison at great pastor of the church was entitled to 15 per
4s ~' when this paper and that] cent of all moneys expended for or by the
f icher had heen written, | church This did not sound right to us,
J ouTside of eonfusing the old gentle-| more especially since he stated that this
man ve i and involving him in aj %4§ conAdential and requested that we

Mage ‘ nt lietory . not mention this to any one
nad Sills nen ete We will state that we agreed to allow
A Ray *Thim 10 per cent. on the total coat of the
1 work provided it were agreeable to all
1} ve catlied Prof Henry |eoncerned. The work equivalent to such
; has heen in) Washington | iu per cent. would be eliminated from! the
AE OME ‘llog another committee | windows He was agreeable to the elimi-
H » cruelly the seals of the | mation clause. He felt that 14 per cent
nl treated. to the stand | 4s little enough for the portion, and since
ne expert Mr Elliott we could not see our Way clear to raise the
iA ' . amount it is evident that he -has found
had Vg8N DY SAYIN that he] gome one else to pay the price he was en-
A ereat rmany checks and | titled to receive as per the rule of the church,
1 sed the typewriter. | We desire to say wedo not think they [mean-
' form and a letter wasting the Ruth Guild! would countenance
hohe Albert Rosenthal} sueh shadowy methods as have been re-

P artist who painted sorted to by vor pastor

» Which was attached The pastor declares that as a result of
as ‘as 4 name and date [this communication some of the mem-
edoat the documents, | bers of his eongregation look upon him

with suspicion and avoid him on every
possible occasion,

“It is not money but vindication of my
character that | desire,” the pastor says.

er and
° totold
. 1 othe

down,
committee
atiached slip
natne man on

Upside

 

the

' the
is with two different

different varieties of | PROP,

looked very pleased

Sas examined

hol aoywhere near

\ as it

Rosenthal an

Nos sUspIClons

CORSON LEFT A

Containing Spirit Messages From
Wife and the Brownings,

IrHaca, June 16.—That the late Prof

Hiram Corson, the Cornell savant who

BOOK
His

 

 

Heroes

Is proposed

in effort
j taining a collection of spirit messages
| from his wife, his children, Robert Brown-
jing and other poets with whom he had
‘heen friendly was the declaration to-da
tof his son, Dr. Kugene Corson,
, Prof, Corson had been a believer in
1 Londen and Bertin, | apiritualiam for forty years. His friends
lie Ste say that he had regular evenings in which
remarkable, he claimed to be in touch with the spirits
of bis wife and the Brownings. of,
Corson left. inatructions that his body
should remain in his house five daya after
his death before burial, The funeral will
he prevailed in Berlin j be held Tuesday.

"HIN S CREDID: Goon,

hy {

Ma

houn Subserthed Many

' lhe
eee down Was a feature
to-day The loan
fimes over

mmny

Fe

The

+ NEW YORK, SATURDAY. JU
‘PRIEST STOPS A SHOOTING’

j the

Wanted a Rakeott on a Church Job, |

died yesterday, bad written a book con-|

 

HIS WORD OF COMMAND STAYS
BLOW AND PISTOL,

He Jumps on Wagon Where tallans
Fight and Disarming Driver Makes
Him Kneel in the Street and Give
Thanks That He Is Not a Murderer.

breaker fighting on the driver's seat

and caused the}of a rapidly moving truck on Madison

avenue yesterday afternoon, and by
word of command stayed the aetrike
breaker from killing his acsailant with
a bullet from @ revolver already pushed
against the other man's stomach The
priest was said to be the Rev. Father
Joseph Splain.

When policemen arrived the priest had
disarmed the strike breaker and was
standing over him, while the man kneeling
on the pavement prayed in Italian and
gave thanks that he had been prevented
from being a murderer

The two hundred employees of the
Bell Manufacturing Company at Forty-
eigath street and the East River, makers

of plaster board. are on strike and their
places have heen filled On Madison
avenue het ween Fighty-second and

Eighty-third streets an apartment house
is in course of construction and the con-
tractor is using the Bell company’s
product

At 5 o'clock vesterday afternoon as five
empty trucks manned by Bell company
strike breakers were leaving the Madison
avenue building a group of strikers
attacked them. The attacking party
spread over the street, throwing bricks
and other missiles, and some of them
clambered on the temporary bridge
over the sidewalk, and from that van-
tage point threw down blocks of terra
cotta tile on the heads of the drivers
The latter whipped up their horses and
tried to escape up the avenue, but were
followed by the strikers

One of the latter who had acted as the
leader of the attack grabbed at the horses
of the first truck and then as they slowed
down swung himself up on the seat. He
had in his hand what appeared to be a
spoke from a truck wheel. The driver,
whose name the police got as Frank
Bodge of 834 First avenue, tried to push
him off the truck, but the other raised the
wagon spoke and Bodge drew back. The
other leaned over further and the heavy
stick was just over the head of the driver
when the latter produced a revolver and
shoved the muzzle of it tight against the
stomach of the man who was standing
over him,

It was then that the priest, seeing the
situation from the sidewalk, ran out and
shouting to the horses, which had started
up in fright, jumped and climbed on the
truck and stepped between the two men
speaking to them in Italian. The man
with the wagon spoke raised let it fall
harinlessly. The other aiso saw the
priest and raised the revolver. His
finger already was pressing the trigger
and the bullet went over his antagonist's
head. ‘The striker jumped down and
ran away, along with his fellows, who
had just begun to follow his example
and were attempting to climb aboard the
other trucks

At the priest's command Bodge stopped
the horses the tight had carried the truck
two or three blocks from the point where
jthe trouble began and then, still obeying
the priest, he got off his seat and knelt
on the pavement, meanwhile turning his
revolver over to Father Splain. With
priest directing him Bodge bowed
his head and repeated in ltalian the
words of thankfulness and praver which

The Rev. Charles | Father Splain dictated,

There was nothing for the police re-
serves to do when they arrived except
to take Bodge an unresisting prisoner to
the East Sixty-seventh street station,
where he was locked up for carrying a
revolver

PHONE RATE CHANGES,

Modification of the Five Cent
Brooklyn Asked.

ALBaNy, June 16.--The New York Tele-
phone Company has asked the Public
Service Commission, Second district,
to modify its order reducing telephone
rates, The company asks that the Man-
hattan territory known as Zone I include
everything below 110th street on the West
Side and 103d street on the East Side, in-
stead of everything south of 110th street,
from which the toll rate to Brooklyn has
been fixed at 5cents. The company also
asks that East New York, Flatbush and
Bay Ridge, as well as Coney Islaud and
Bath Beach, named in the commission's
order, be not included in the 5 cent call
territory from Manhattan. The com-
pany asks that the new toll rates should
not apply to public pay stations and that
the order fixing August 1 as the date when
the new rates are to be enforced be
changed to December |!

The commission announced that it wiil
have a hearing on the company's applica-
tion at 1 Madison avenue on June 23. It
is not believed that the telephone com-
pany i@ prepared to make a hard fight
against the enforcement of the order, but
hopes to obtain some slight modifications.

BOXING REFEREE FINED.

Tim Hurat Has to Pay 80 for Officiating
at International Contest,

Tim Hurst, the boxing

Rate to

 

referee and

former big league umpire, wae fined $50 | unavenged murders

in the Court of Special Sessions yesterday
on the charge of having violated the prize-
fight law
convicted of having officiated as referee
were held in Madison Square Garden on
| May 19 and were broken up by the police
just after the first fight started
Codefendants with Hurst were Sam
| Lowing. a fighter, and James Moore and
{Antonio Pellegrini. Moore took tickets
lat the door and Pellegrini sold them at
the Bartholdi, Lowing was fined $10, and
i the two others were fined $25.
Detective Cuogzi of the Central Office
| Was the

 

 

j quarters this afternoon. After giving the
j Varsity crew captain, Roger W. Cutter, | Frank Chapman Argues to the Society's

 

— =

 

_

 

 

VANDERBILT BOAT BURN:

 

Owner Scorched in Biaze That Follows
Ignition of Gasolene at Red Top.

Rep Top, Conn., June 16.—Harold Van- | .
derbilt paid a Visit to Harvard's training | THE GOOD OF GAME BIRDS.

 

 

 

and Manager Oliver Iselin a joy ride up Directors That They Have Enough te
and down the river in his new speed launch |

Wo Caring fer Seng Birds --Bestdes,
Vagrant he landed his guests and then | . ’

?
attempted to put his magneto in order | nary Wee Nanweennee mew Wewewey

'AUDUBONS WON'T TAKE $26,000

OFFERED BY GUNMAKERS FOR! Mrs. Thomas L. James, wife of the ex-| COMPANIES LAY UP STEAMERS;

The pyrotechnic display that followed

with a series of explosions that brought | interceded between striker and strike | V48 startling.

The Vagrant was moored alongside the
coaching launch John Harvard, and when
the gasolene caught fire aboard the Va-
grant the crew of the Harvard made a
line up the wharf, with Vanderbilt fol-
lowing close. The young man did not
escape unscathed His face and hair
were badly seared and he received treat
ment later from Dr. Ladd, the squad
physician.

The whole camp turned out with pails
and tried to extinguish the blave on the
launch, but finding their efforts futile
the littl craft was cut loose and drifted
down the Thames. The boat floated along-
side a lighthouse pier and the flames soon

+communicated to the woodwork, but the

4 principal witness, He said that he} jurors retired
y | bought tickets from Pellegrini which | Judge Greely W. Whitford, who tried the

volunteer department put it out with
their buckets. The Vagrant was towed to
shallow water, where she sank, her bow
eaten away by the flames

Some of the life preservers taken from
the Vagrant while she was burning were
found to be made of solid wood, although
they bore the stamp of the United States
inspectors

WILSON CRITICISES LAWYERS,

 

New Jersey State Bar Association Rapped
by the Governor.

Atianite Cuy, Nod, June 16 -Cheers
greeted Judge Howard Carrow'sa intro-
duction of Gov. Woodrow Wilson aa “one
of the foremost men of the nation” at the
annual banquet of the New Jersey State
Bar Association to-night. The lawyere
arose and joined in the Princeton yell as
Gov. Wilson got to his feet. Among the
things the Governor told the lawyera were’

“It is true that the legal profession, asa
profession, doea not enjoy the confidence
of the people 1 am surprised, and T must
say disappointed, that the legal pro-
fession of this country has not undergone
the same change and liberalizing that
has characterized its progress in other
countries.” ‘

“The community no ftonger regards
you as legal guides. You have with-
drawn from statesmanship and lowered
the profession to a strictly business basis.

“The ambush of technicalities you
have drawn around the corporations
makes it necessary to enact drastic legis-
lation to tear away the shell and get at
the heart.”

“If you want to restore your profession
to the confidence of the people you can
do it in a single vear by following the
method of simplicity. Ihe change can
be wrought, but if it is wrought without
your support and assistance it will be
wrought to your discredit

“The United States is in a very critical
mood in regard to ita courte, You must
regard the Constitution on the same
level as statutes, because vou can't read
anything into the Constitution that was
not meant to be read there.”

ALIENATION OF HEART ONLY
Nothing te De With the Will Jeseph F,
Gorman Made, Says Court.

A suit for $75,000 damages for alienating
the affections of a husband who is now
dead brought by Nellie O'Gorman, widow
of Joseph PF. O'Gorman, against Mrs.
Minnie Pfeiffer, also a widow, was before
the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court vesterday

One of the allegations of the complaint
was that because of the alleged alienation
O'Gorman made a will leaving all his
estate, valued at more than $50,000, to
Mra. Pfeifer and making her his exec-
utrix

The defendant asked the court to strike
out these allegations as irrelevant In
granting the motion Justice Clarke said
that the gist of the action is the depriva-
tion of marital rights caused by the act
of the defendant, and the case presents
the question as to what marital rights
she lost. These rights are personal, in-
cluding the affection and companionship
of her husband, and financial, which is
her right to be supported in accordance
with her husband's station in life.

Justice Clarke aaid that no cause of
action exists because O'Gorman made
his will in the defendant's favor, since
every person of sound mind has a right
to make a will as he pleases, or he need not
make one at all. Mrs. Pfeiffer contends
that although Mrs. O'Gorman tried to
prevent probate of the will it has already
been admitted. For this reason also the
court saya that questions affecting the
will cannot be tried out in the alienation
suit

BLOOD MONEY FOR ALBANIANS,

 

 

The Sultan Holds a Great Selamlik- High
Bids for Peace,

thle Despatch to ‘VAR SUN

Prisatina, Turkey, June 16. ~The Sul-
tan's tour culminated to-day at Kossovo-
plain, where he attended a selamlik at
the tomb of the Sultan Murad. Eighty
thousand Mussulmans joined in the
prayers It was an impressive sight

The Grand Vizier afterward proclaimed
amnesty for political prisoners and also,
with a view to checking the Albanian
vendetta custom, declared that the Gov-
ernment would pay blood money for all
o

The Albanians applauded enthusiasti-
cally, It is stated that the blood money

Special ¢

The bouts at which he wasn | Will amount to $150,000 a year

JURORS PUT ON SLIM DIET,

Will Get Only Lettuce sandwiches and
Water Til They Agree.

Denver, Col., June 16,—A diet of lettuce
sandwiches and water for the jury in a
case against D. Frank Lemagster, charged
with working a confidence game, has been
ordered by Judge Hubert Shattuck of
the West Side court here,
last

Wednesday night.

A question of a gift of $26,000 agitated
the directors of the National Association
of the Audubon Society at a meeting held
yesterday at the Museum of Natural
History. After a Jong discussion it was
finally decided to tell the various gun and
ammunition interests that offered the
money to the society to go elsewhere with
their $25,000,

This offer has been the cause of all
sorta of argument atnong the various
members of the society for some time.
The directors were told by members that
by accepiing any such sum from = the

guntmakers they would be laving the

society open to criticism.

They said it would be ridiculous for
such an organization, which has as its
object the protection of birds, to accept
gifts from their indirect deatroyers.
P. F. Palmer, vice-president of the asso-
ciation came on from Washington to pre-
side at yesterday's special meeting, at
which seven directors were present.

Frank M Chapman, the naturalist,
who has just got back from research
work in South America, saved the day.
He hadn't heard about the offer until he
landed, but he promptly looked into the
conditions of it and found that it was
made to help the society's work in pro-
tecting game birds.

Thereupon he told the meeting that
the society had originally been founded
to protect insectivorous and song birds,
There were lotsa of societies, said Mr.
Chapman, that took care of the game
birda, but the Audubon was the only one
that watched after the lives and happiness
of non-game birds. Now the gun men
come along and want to hand the so-
ciety a lot of money to be expended for
something for which it was not intended
to labor

Therefore he suggested to the directors
that as the acceptance of the gift would
completely change the purpose of the
society the money be returned with thanks.
All the directors thought a while, remem-
bered what had been said by some folks
about the $25,000, and told Mr. Chapman
to go on with his speech, that it sounded
mighty sensible to them.

The naturalist continued to say that the
game birds were not aa educational as
the nan-game birds anyhow and that
where of@ saw @ sandpiper once a year
maybe you could go out and study a
robin through a field glass pretty nearly
any day. Mr. Chapman's speech was
followed by others in the same vein and
finally all aeven of the directors were
Unanimous and the offer of the gunmakers
was rejected

Mr. Chapman was asked after the meet -
ine if he thought that the criticiam of
the gift was justified and he said that it
was his opinion that the ganmakers were
sincere in their offer.

“The society would have to protect the
birds if they took the money, and the morg
birds there are the more shooting there is
to be done, if you want to get at it that
way,” he commented

Gifford Pinchot, an advisory member
of the board of directors, Was preaent at
yesterday's meeting and listened to the
discussion with interest

 

WOWAN DR AGGED BY RUNAWAY.
Mra. George Brown, Jr., Clings to Rein
for 40) Vardds.

BALTIMORE, June If Mrs. George
Brown, Jr., who is socially prominent,
displayed cougage this afternoon when
the horse she was driving ran off and en-
dangered the lives of herself and two
children

Mrs. Brown's horse was jogging along
the road when one of the little ones asked
permission to drive. The mother handed
over the reins, which the child handled
loosely. One ofthem slipped to the ground
and became entangled in the horse's feet.

Mrs. Brown jumped from the buggy
and sought to recover the rein, and just
as she did ao the horse bolted, dragging
her along. Mra. Brown held on and was
dragged 300 yards before the horse
jammed the buggy into a cbuntry post
office and came to a stop. The impact
threw the children out, but they were
| only slightly bruised, Mra, Brown was
i bruised but made light 9 her injuries

RODE INTO A GANG FIGHT,

Passenger on a Second Avenue Car the
One Wounded Man.

When Bosco Lynch, the leader of
the famous Carbarn gang, was sent to
jail a few weeks ago more than one
anxious inquirer sought to know who
would succeed him.

Last night two of the leaders with their
factions decided to test their standing.
With their factions they gathered at 7
o'clock on both sides of Second avenue
between Ninety-ninth and 100th streets
and began shooting. The result was
consternation for the neighborhood.
About twenty shots were fired, break-
ing the windows of shopkeepers of the
district and scaring passersby into con-
venient hallways

Bricks vied with bullets. More than
a hundred of them were found after the
police appeared and sticks were lyin
around by the score, Then came a Wecona
| avenue car, going north.

Smoking a cigar on the next to the
last seat was Morris Canfield, a collector,
of 178 Kast Fighty-fifth street. The
car cut into the shower of bullets and
one struck Canfield in the ‘back of the
| head. A storekeeper had jumped to a
‘telephone meantime and called up Police
| Headquarters and the reserves from the
‘Kast lodth street station were sent on
the run, When they got there the gang
fighters had dived into hallways and dine
appeared, The police didn't arrest a soul,

dr, Devan of the Presbyterian Hospital,
!who took Canfield to the hospital, said
| that he was in a very serious condition,

 

were accepted at the door, and that once | case, was away yesterday and Judge Shat- | persons at the Forepaugh-Sells show here
inside he suw Lowing fight a man whose | tuck called the jury in and sent them hack | (0-day saw Lula Hummel! drop from near

identity he could not ascertain, and saw
Hurat referee. The arrests were all made
on summonses, and he could not pick the
other fighter. ‘The bouts had been widely
advertised as international amateur box-
wy contests.

!

 

with an order that they agree on a verdict
or content themselves with a diet of sand-
wiches and water.

 

TO RELIEVE INDIGESTION accompanied
by nausea, insomnia, sick headache or acid stom

| ech. take Morsford’s Acid Phosphate,—.ide,

| the top of the tent to the ground. Mias
Hummel, whose home is in Milwaukee,
was hanging to @ strap with her teeth
jand war peing spun around like a top
when she lost her hold. Both her arms
| were broken and she syatained internal
j duries that will cause her death.

pi

SaToRDaY, Jows.17, 1011,

Showers to-n

t and to-morrow;

variable winds.

AT, LOD D eeConyright, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publiahino Aesociaton.

  
 

———

MRS. JAMES MAKES A PRISONER.

Arrests Colored Matd aad Takes Her to
Police Station in Aute.

 

' Postmaster-General and president of
the Lincoln National Bank, appeared
at the West 125th street station in an auto-
mobile last night with a prisoner whom
she wished locked up on the charge of
grand larceny. The prisoner was Jennie
Jarvis, colored, who lives at 189 West
186th atreet.

Mrs. James, who gave her addresa to
the Sergeant behind the desk as that of
the bank of which her husband is preai-
dent, said that she had gone to the home of
Jennie Jarvis and brought her to the
station to be locked up on the charge of
having stolen $75 in cash and dfenses,

Jewelry and lingerie totalling $158 in

Value from the James home in High-

wood, N. J, on June 13.

The negress had served in the James
family as maid prior to the robbery, Mrs.
James said. The negreas was locked up
on the charge of grand larceny and after
ward taken to Police Headquarters.

RESCUED BY FIREMEN.

Woman Fainted When Her Jackie Was
Restored to Her Arms.

Mrs. Mary Minsky of 376 Shoffield ave-
nue, Brooklyn, went shopping yesterday
afternoon, leaving some meat cooking on
4 gas stove. When she returned she
found the house afire and firemen at work.

“You can't go in there,” said a police-
man. “The place is all fire and smoke.”

“Oh, where's my Jackie?” she shrieked.
“My darling Jackie is penned up there.
I locked him in when I went away.”

“Hey, firemen!” yelled the cop, “there's
a child up there.”

Two firemen were almost suffocated
after entering the woman's apartment on
the third floor by way of a ladder. They
came out with a brindle bull terrier in
their arms

“Oh, my Jackie!” cried the woman,
hugging him.

The dog was slightly scorched. The
excitement so overcame the woman that
she fainted and was treated by an ambu-
lance surgeon.

 

DOCTOR'S AUTO RUNS OVER HIM.

Cranked It With the Clutch On and Has
a Breken Ieg.

Dr. Philip I. Nash of Neptune avenue
and Cortlandt street, Coney Island, was
run over by his own automobile last night
at Surf avenue and West Twentieth street
while he was cranking the machine. His
left leg was broken and it is feared that he
received internal injuries.

Dr. Nash had come from the home of a
patient a little before midnight and
started to crank hiscar. The clutch had
been left in and as the engine started the
car bounced off, knocking the physician
down and all four wheels passing over
him. There were several men standing
nearby, among them a chauffeur. The
latter ran and jumped into the car and
stopped it. The others carried Dr. Nash
to a hotel, where an ambulance came
from the Coney Island Hospital. Dr.
Nash was taken to his home.

——

JUNE SQUALL 72 MILES AN HOUR

Ties a Record of Summer Violence Made
Nine ¥ gars Ago.

All the dust that had not been settled
by the intermittent showers of the last
several days was sucked into the empy-
rean yesterday afternoon by one of the
swiftest June squalls that ever has crossed
the Hudson without paying fare. The
Unsteady June mercury was wabbling at
71 uncertain whether it ought to record
summer or spring temperature or perhaps
something even lower.

The squall blew for five minutes at the
rate of seventy-two miles, which is only
eight miles less than hurricane force, and
things that were not anchored on build-
ings under construction went to leeward
with’ various sorts of bangs. The mer-
cury fell down the tube like a putiy ball
down a blowpipe, dropping 18 degrees in
less than half an hour, or way down to
53. ‘There may have been hailin the npper
currents, No steamships reported ice-
bergs off the Hook.

That seventy-two mile blow equals the
June record made on June 8, 1902. The
water which came with the blast did not
last long, but descended violently. The
rain gauge of the Weather Bureau said
it measured .12 of an inch, but every little
helps, as the head of the water works
remarked

 

 

 

PREACHER LOSES ON APPEAL,

The Rev. Mr. Buchanan, Convicted of
Speeding. Must Appear for Sentence.
PROVIDENCE, June 16.— The Rev. Walter

D. Buchanan, pastor of the Fourth Avenue
Presbyterian Church, New York, and
well known at Narragansett Pier, must
appear before the Superior Court to
receive sentence in a case in which he
was convicted of speeding his automobile
in Pawtucket.

Chief Justice Dubois of the Supreme
Court handed down an opinion to-day
in which the court holds that the Rev. Mr.
Buchanan's motion for a new trial was
properly denied by Judge Rathbun after
the jury had returned a verdict of guilty
in the Superior Court.

The Rev. Mr. Buchanan was travelling
from Boston to the pier with a chauffeur
and a party of women on September 2,
1910. As he came through Pawtucket
he was followed by a policeman on a
motorcycle along Broadway over a
measured course and held up and re-
quested to report at the police station.
Mr. Buchanan and his chauffeur said
that his speedometer indicated that the
machine was going only fourteen and
a half miles an hour

EARLY MASS FOR FLIERS,

 

Archbishop of Paris Provides for Starters
in Wig Race From Vincennes,
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sux
Panis, June 16.~The Archbishop of
Paris has ordered that a special mass
be held at Vincennes on Sunday at 4
o'clock in the morning to permit the cir-

| meena _ icuit aviators to attend church before
The Lemaster | Woman Circus Performer Sullers Fatal) taking wing.

\ ' Fall. R Forty-nine aeroplanes have arrived

| YorK, Pa, June 16 Five thousand Vat Vincennes

 

 

Fashion Decrees for Statuary,

special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN
Pants, dune 16.) The Municipal Council
trefuses to erect hereafter statues of men
cladin Prince Albert coats or evening togs
| In the case of women only classic cos.

Jtumes and nudes are to be allowed

—_—— li
i in i

a

|

 

 
  

SEAMEN'S STRIKE EXTENDING

 

OTHERS DELAYED.
Teaders Jubilant—Expect Still More
Serious Embarrassment to Shipping
Canadian Crew Gets an Extra
Honwe—Wages Here and in England.

Special Cable Despatches to Tum Sun.

Lonpon, June 16.—Though concessions
have been granted to some of the seamen
who went on atrike ships are being held
up. Theatrikers are jubilant. The move-
ment undoubtedly is extending, though
as yet, compared with the general strike
leaders’ hopes, it has not reached ita full-
eet pitch. The leaders desire to call out
the men so that ships as yet not due to
sail will be without crews. They believe
that they will succeed.

Several big Atlantic liners, among them
the Lake Erie, have failed to get crews.
So also have the Potomac and the Tona-
wanda.

The leadera at Glasgow, where the
movement ia atrong, say that unless non-
union men flock in not a single ship will
be able to sail for America or elaewhere
on Saturday.

The dockmen at London are inclined
to join the strike. One hundred of them
struok to-day. It is reported that the
carmen are likely to follow.

The Britain has been unable to get a
crew at Southampton, where several
large liners chartered by the Government
and others for guests at the naval review
at Spithead on June 24 are in a similar
plight.

Holland and Belgium continue to be
partly affected by the strike and Geeman
seamen are being imported. The Shipping _
Federation officials declare that they
have not yielded a single point; that the
question of wages was not an issue and
that members of the federation will pay
what wages they like.

SouTHAMIICN, June 16.—it is an-
nounced to-day that several Atlintic
liners will be laid up at Netley, three
miles from here, instead of going back
to New York because of the demands of
the International Seamen's Union The
White Star Line, which voluntarily gave
an advance in wages to the crew of the
new steamship Olympic, announce to-
day that the Majestic of that tina in-
stead of sailing on her regular date
would be laid up. This company yester-
day advanced the wages of its seamen 10
shillings a month, but this is only one-
half of what the men demand.

The New York of the American Line
has also been laid off. The St. Paul of
the same line is coaling and will prob-
ably sail on Wednesday and take the mails
and paséenger® of the White Star boat for
that date.

It is possible that the Majestic and
New York are simply skipping a trip, as
the St. Paul will fill in their dates

LIVERPOOL, June 16.—The crew of the
Canadian Pacific liner Empress of Ireland,
which sailed from here to-day, demanded
five shillings a month in addition to the
ten shillinge advance. granted by the
company yeeterday on the ground that
the vessel is a mail boat. The company
conceded the additional increase, but said
it was granted for this trip only

The crew of the Georgic, the White
Star freighter, have signed for the coming
trip at increased rates

 

The local offcers of the Sailors and
Firemen's Union of Great HKritain said
yesterday that the increases in) wa tes
secured the seamen on some of the
transatlantic lines through the strike
brought their wages up to the American
standard Matthew Tearte, secretary of
the Americen branch of the union, said
that the wages of the men on the White
Star, Conard, Booth and Holt) lines had
heen rained from d£tand £1108 a month
to L6amonih. This corresponded to $a
a month, the wages usually paid on
American boats

“As money has more purchasing power

in Fngland than in America.” he eon- ;
tinued, “these wages mean more than
they would in this country. In regard

to the food furnished on the ships of the
large British steamship companies thera
is nothing to complain of. The frod is
in accordance with the revised scale of
the British Board of Trade

“Up to the present time about 20.000
men have gone on strike, some of whom
have gained their demands. As the order
from the union is for the men to strike
when they reach their home ports, some
men may not have to strike, as more of
the companies may grant the demands.

“The worst eonditions as to food and
quarters for the men are on the tramp
steamships, the crewa of which are to
strike in the same manner as the others,
They will demand in addition to higher
wages better food and sleeping accom-
modations.”

Mr. Tearle said that on the French and
German ships, where the men are paid
the scale demanded, bedding and
table utensils are provided, while on the
British ships they have to provide knives
and forks and bedding for themselves.
The strike therefore will not affect the
French or German lines.

 

NO COAST SAILORS' STRIKE

 

Vor a While Vet Anyway Crew of the
Momvys Backs Out,

No general strike of the coastwise
seamen was declared last night at the
meeting of the Atlantic Coast Seamen's
Union held at 400 West street.

The crew of the Momus of the Morgan
Line, which is to sail for New Orleans
at noon to-day, without waiting for in-
structions from the union refused to sign
articles for the trip unless their demands
were granted, ‘The members of the crew
were given until 10 A. M. to-day to sign
for the trip, otherwise the Momus will
sail for New Orleans with a new crew,

The dissatisfied crew of the Momus
attended the meeting at 400 West street,

The committees which waited on all
the companies had little to report at the
meeting last night. Apparently no direct
replies had been received from the com-
panies.

COLORADO VACATION. LOW FARES,
Rock Istand sane night train, morning and eve
ning, from Chieage and St. Louls combine speed
and comfort Onit twoontehts fram New Vork.
Hooklels and tlehets. i) Broadway. -t@e,

 

 

~«