t $15.04, to twenty-five. when he got $73.60
honever on the pay rolls you come to 4 total
which seems in 4 measure to bear out the Bryan
statements you had only tu trace back the line
the man’s record to find that the reason he
not eet half woges was that he did not work

  
  

tho pictures that are drawn by the
papers and by the yellow orators of the
Wretched condition of the miners here are tho
t absurdity. The miners themaeives
ree la them and denounce them, _ For in-
06, they were rather more than disgusted
one story of a Philadelphia paper that is
working in fry an's interest to the effect that,
contrary to the laws of Pennsylvania, women
were working in the mines There is not
one word of truth in the etatement as the man
who wrote it and the paper that printed it
ought to have known {f they did not. But
they did not stop at the mere telling of the
He. They proceeded to illustrate it after the
ellow fashion. A pieture of two wornen
ring on their heads great receptacles full
ooa whe a} wn ler eath it was the falae-
hood about women working in the mine As

 

@ matter of fact the women who were photo- |

raphed were caught by the camera in the
of stealing coal-—a very common practice
the tnin-s and one that if not actually winked
ia at least overlooked to a very great extent
mine bosses.
t is beoatae there are grievances and har
ipsthat might well be adjusted that these ab
ard yellow antios and the lying statements
mace acto the pay miners get are more than re-
tted by miners who are level-headed and
now that such exaggerations will do ‘hem
thing but harminthe end There are about
© mines, just as there are hanging to the
ragged wige of any great industry, numbers of
men broken down by age or infirmities whose
ucina powers are reduced to a minimum
ese men get employment at picking slate, or
“gz some other trifling labor that they are
able to do y is pitt.
f ly amall It might drop below a dollar, and
ain the nature of a charity at best
re the men who have been paraded as the
typical anthracite miners, and woe-begone pict-
ures of them have been paintel {n the news
papers purporting to be “reasons” why the
men are on aetrike
Aaa matter of fact the men are on strike be-
@ they have been dragooned into It by the
th ted Mine Workers, primarily to
the cause of Brrenies and to give this asso
elation the erip on the anthracite regton it has
long tried to get, but always heretofore veithont
result The sincerity of this organization fa
{Nlustrated in the case of the Markle miners in
the Lehigh region These miners following a
thne-honored custom of the Markle mines,

and naturally their pay

  

custom based upon a written agreement, have |

eubmitted a list of grievances to their einploy-
ers and the emplovers are taking ten days
to conslder then The United Mine Workers’
Association in one of its circulars urged the op-
erators to meet thelr miners and dis
@nevaners and now that the Markles are doing
this the agitators are urging the miners not to
wait fora decision onthe grievances butto strike
atonce. Toallow a difference to be e:ttled be-
tween operators and employees. treme ves
would be to eliminate the necessity of recognizing
the United Mine Workers,and it la fo ition
more than anything elae that the organization
is fi@hting, And there are substantial reasons
why the leaders at least should flaht for it be
cause on it depends the high salaries and lib-
era) allowances for expenses which more thana
score of them receive

So far as may be

 
   

  

judged from the present

temper of the operators, they will keep their
mines closed indefinitely, rather than yield
They aay they are ready now, as they have

been at all times, to meet their own men and
try to adiuat any differences that exist and to

 

  

right any wrongs, but as for meeting or recog- |
nizing the United Mine Workers, that they
will not do Soe it would seem from the out-
look to-night that between the upper and the
nether mileetones of this fixed resolve on the
rt of the operators and the amt n and
penitios that are ur ge on the United Mine
Workers the unlucky miners are very likely

to be sadly ground

STRIKE ONIY PARTIAL.

Two Anthractte Coal Districts Tled Up The

 

Outlook Bacertain,

WILK EA-Barnnk, Pa. Sept. 17- The anthra-
dite coal miners’ strike began this morning
The Lackawanna and Wyoming districts are
thoroughiv tled up with the exception of one
oolllery employing 159 nen and 73,000 men are
on atrike in these two districts, Twenty-five
per cant. of the worke ire ont in the Lehigh
Aatrict, about 10 per cent. in the Shamokin
istrict, and 10 per cent.in the Sehne Pill district

while herdivy any have «treet the Mahano

and Lykens Valle districts

The outlook is rath incerts for it ia a
Question whether the men of the lower part of
the coal field, the districts where a minority of
the work ire on strike, willbe influenced by
the almost unanimous action of the Wyoming
end Lackawanna men and alsao quit work

The strike leaders are undoubtedly dis-
Q@ppointed at the resu't The leaders who

were here to-day were summoned in haste to
Hagleton and the full strength of the organ
izers will be thrown into the doubtful districts
in an effort to get the men out. The
know that if work is continued by the 40,000
men of the Philalelphia andl Reading company,
the 7,000 of the Lehigh Coal and
Company, 12,000 of the 20,000 in the Lehigh dis-

leacers

Navigation

trict, and the many thousands employed by
the incividual operators in Sehuylkill, North-
umberland and Dauphin counties, the strike

cannot be successful
The operators here gave out the

statemen! of ea district toenig

following

  

 

 

  

 

Shamokin Region-—Mineral Railroad and
Mining many, Cameron ¢ iery, working
Luke Vide working Union Coal
Company, Pennsylvania colliery, working
Hickory Swanip colliery, working: Hick
Ridge colliery, working: Richards ¢ ery
working, White and White colllery, working
Philadelphia and Reading Coal and tron Come
pany, Reliance colliery,working, Alaska ¥.
working; |ocust Gap colliery, working ry j
Clay colliery, working: Midvalley colliery,
working: Treverton colliery, working

Lykens Valiey Region Stmmit Branch Coal |

Company, Williamsiown colliery, working
Lykens Valley Coal Company, Bhort Mountair
colllery, working

 

   

Schuylkill Region Lyttle Coal Company,
Lyttle colliery, working, every man at his post
Quequehanna Coal Company, Willian Penn
colliery, working, Philadelphia and Reading

Coal and Iron Company, al
Mahanoy Region —Vhiladel
Coal and Iron Company, all collieries working
Tehigh Valley. Coal Company, all colliertes
working Mill Creek Coal Company, Mill
Creek colllerv, working lentz Lilly & ©
Park Place colliery, working
Lehigh Region Coxe Bros & Co,

 

 

all collieries

 

 

   

working; Markle & (Co, plices working
Calvin Pardee, al rinces working A. Pardee
& Co,, all places working; | iine colliery,
working; Lehigh ani Wiikes-Bar me
Rey: Audenreid co lie idie |
‘foal Company, Spring Brook jell
Spring Mountain, idle: Hazleton work-
M. Dodaon & Co, Beaver Brook, idle
fiver Brook Coal Company, idle
Lackawanna Region Pennavivania Coal

Company, all collieries idle
wanna and Western, all c«
ware and Hudson, one place

Delaware, Lackue,
ies idle; Dela-

reported work-

 
  

individual operators’ collieries, all idle
fyoming Region— West Fnd Coa! Company,
Mocanaqua colliery, working The Lehigh
d Wilkes-Barre Coal Compas reports the
ollowing collieries working with a reduced

‘ores: Holienback, South Wilkes-Barre, Stan-

 

 

ton, Sugar Nerth, Lar tinaha@m and
Wanamie; Revnolis, No 14 and Maxwell, idie
usquehanna Coal Compan, Nanticoke, idle
en Lyon, id'e All other collieries in the

|
Wyoming rection are reported idle
his report is somew misieading. Some
of the collienes repo orking are oner-
ating with a reduced { in order to make a
owing, and may have to wive in at anv time
is particulariy true f the Lehiah an
Wilkes-Barre company’s six collieries in cis
vicinity, as not more than a couple of hundred
m worked to-day at all of them combined
EF some no ooal was hoisted and the men were
ept busy outside, The collieries are pruc-
tically shut down,
There was no particular breach o!
at any piace during the da

  
 
   

 

 

the peace
ind the authori-

 

 
   

t @s were not called upon to make ar urests
In many instances, howeve strikers inter
Oepted men whe re guina to work aid argued
with them In some cases a show « iolence |
was effective Such acts the companies will

 

deavor to prevent as jong as they have work
or any of the men who wil work. Men going
t work at the Woodward mine at : awards-
vile found their way blocked by a stalwart
Polish woman armed with a broom. She
said they should be ashamed of themselves
if they went to work she would e#e that they
ot nothing to vat. Themen went home again
\ Polish striker threatened the er gineer of
No. 2 Kingston mine and frightened him into

going home One man was chased by a party
of women for more than amile He was woing
to work at the Woodward when six or eeht
women stopped hur lie eluded them and
ran. They rushed after him, throwing atonee
He reached the head of the shaft, but the car-

riage had just wone down
shelter for hin Ihe women were «
him, and he ran on over the culm
into the woods. They pursued him and as
© finally disappeared, they saat down and
aughed. Miners who watched the fun « hoered
them :

Sidney Hryant, engin
Mery, Luzerne, was st {by a lot of armed
strikers. He endeavored to explain that the
strike order allowed him, as an ‘ ‘

lose upon
banks and

the Payne col-

 
 

 

engineer, to
work but the met would het or could not under-
stand. They told him that if he went te the
mine he would get neck broken and he

ome. The mothors of the breaker bovs

Po
vera at the Hollenback mine i
l r n this
refused to allow the youngsters to go near

  

Yet these |

promote
'

ollieries working. :
hia and Reading

and there was no |

    
  

the mine, fearing they might be induced to
| work
Meetings were held here thia afternc on and
were attended by a couple of thousand people,
while the streeta were crowded all the day
with more miners than have been seen In the
centre of the city in years. President Nichols
addressed the meetings and said afterward
' tua Sun reporter
“We are perfectly satisfied with the result,
Of the 75.800 men in my district between Forest
City and Shicksbinny, only 300 reported for
work this morning and they werm compelled
to return home after they found It was impos-
sible to operate the colliertes, In the entire
district thers is but one colliery at work, The
West End Coal Company's colliery at Monean-
qua is working to-day The colliery isi ated
and the men are not well organized We ex.
pect to get thern into the unior before the end
of the week and the tie-up will be com leote
I recelved word last evening from the Ninth
distriet, comprising the Shamokin and Sehuy!-
kill regions The men there were to go out
this morning but I have not been advised is
yet ns to the number. In district No 7, the
Iehigh region, we do not expect to get all of
the men out to-day, It may take a few days
to get thera in line, though of all the collieries
there I don't think more than one or two are
at present. If there was any doubt
of our winning, that doubt was dispelled this
wrnang, When over 90% per cent, of the men
eon plied with the order and stayed at home,
Che length of time they are to stay at home
depends upon the operators, We will surely
wir
The other side of the situation was given by
1 a leading operator, who after receiving reports
| from all over the region, said this evening:
“The result showa that the United Mine
Workers are hot as strong as they pretended to
be. ‘The fact that a number of collieries aro
working to-day shows conclusively that Presi-
| dent Mitchell's threat was in a measure a bluff

 

 

 

| work

   

of the kind not wholly unexpected of a man un-
acquainted with the sit iatton and not in the |
confidence of the men
The lower end miners will not strike
and the backbone of the strike has been
| broken before it was really well devel-
oped. With the Hazleton miners at work, the

strike will laat but one week before the men
come to their senses and return to the mines
Should they go out the strike will last until the
men are willing to go back to work

READING'S 25,000 MEN AT WORK.

The Company Mining a Quarter of the An-
thracite Outpat Had Only One Mine Idle
READING, Pa, Sept. 17.—At the close of the

| first da@y’s attempt to induce the miners of
the thirty-nine collieries of the Reading Iron
Company to strike, there was only one colliery,
} the Burnside at Shamokin, whieh had not heen
| at work owing to labor troubles The Luke
| Fiddler and Henry Clay at Shamokin ran short
handed, while a few smaller collieries in the
extreme western end of Schuylkill county also
ran short handed, All the big collieries ran
as if nothing had happened. There was no dis-
turbance,

The thirty-eight collieries in the territory
stretching from Brookside north to Shamokin,
} sixteen iniles, employ about 26,000 men and
| bows and these employees, officers of the Read-
ing company say, will positively rermuin at
work. The Reading compuny's oMcers say that
by to-morrow they will have enough men
to start the Burnside and their other collieries
at Shamokin, and to fill up their workings
in the west end To-night the big plane
| at Mahanoy is hoisting ned coal over the

mountain as if no attempt to cause a strike Was

going on The company has sent down 3,689

full cars sinee Sunday, using forty engines

and to-uight it expects to send down from

 

   

 

        

  

} 1.400 to 1,600 cars, this run to continue right

} along This output can be easily increased
It the S Kin district becomes too hot
for t Reading company’s miners the men
W be brought over to Schuylkill county to

crate the ble colliertes to a fuller capacity
he Reading company mines 21 per cent. of the
tire output of anthracite coalin the Uni

 
  

 

|
|

 

 

  

 

 
 
  
  

 

ates and If there any scarcity ending

it could mine and ship a great deal more, not
only to thie water also but to the districts tied
ip by to-day’s strike While the Reading
eompans’s officers believe that their men will
continue to work, itis expected that the strength

| of the n inera’ union will now be exerted in the
hieadiug district to induce the men to ster
| work. One of the miners in the Reading dis
) trict in referring to J ast lone ctrikes ir
whieh the Reading niners

| the coal region ir
were out and the Wroming men were in said

This tirne the Wyonidng bo © can. hold
Cov whith we ire dei ra the 1 it
Reading company's men have ver
grievances and this time will net agree to any
ympathetic strikes,”

At soch large oollleries as the Shenandoah
and Mahanoy City where trouble was feared
the Reading company’s men stood solid for the

comnatns

  
 

 

 

MOST PITTSTON MINES IDLE.

Non-Unton Men Intercepted on the Way to
Work by the Strikers,
| Pirrstox, Pa., Sept. 17—There are forty-
five collieries in the Third, or Pittston ant'ira-
celta district, They employ 18,000 men and hoya
and 6,000,000 tons f
Reports have bean received from all and show
suspension of work to-day

produce coal a year

} that the Is heariy

| complete
All the collieries of the

 

individual operators,
f

 

j sore thirty in nun ber, the four collieries of
the Temple Tron Compan the two collieries
of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Company and the six collieries of the Lehigh
Valley Coal Company were idle At none of

‘these Was an ittenipt made to start ork
Che Pennsyvivania Coal Company is the larwest
producer in this district having nine large

| co lieries At Birnum, Old Forge, Central, No 10
and No &Sthe nsion wasecoam lete. At No
Oi *n and No a fairls neces

 
  

4 were mf the mines Fiv

oe
hundred would

 

    

‘ 1 a fair estimate
of the rumberof Pent lvania employe who
remained at work he total number the

npany's ems lovees is 4,000 The company
will keep all the collieries in readiness to re-
sume work to-morrow
Thus far no cisturbances of any kind have
ted from rike. Many strikers gat
ing on the roa:s leacing to the
ani intercepte

 

} miner ‘ » had
or work. No violence was used, but
m-union men were unable te

many

 
 

 

resist the ions to remain from work. It
was apparent thathundreds more ofmen would
have reported for work if they had not been

| thus Intereepted L« strikers,

 

REAL ISSUES IN THE STRIKE.
|

Company Stores, Company Doctorsand Priceof |

Powder Not Among Them, Says Lehigh.
Mr. Join B. Garrett, Vice-President of the
Lehigh Valley Coal Company, made the fol-e
lowing statement yesteruay in review of the
various grievances alleged by the United Mine
Workers
This company conduete
it exert any influence upon employeee to pre
fer one merchant above another: this I believe
to be also the case with the large mining com-
panies generally
“This company employs no doctors and makes

no charges against its employees for medical
'

to existin the anthracite coal flelds

 

no stores, nor does

service to them or their families nquiry has

satisfied me that this ia also the case with the
and that the «

} companies generaliv, ynpany

 

doctor is charge! for only by individual opera
| tors, and by very few of these
Semi-monthly pay is observed by us In a
few cases, being all in which themen have de.

manded it It would be observed everywhere

were the demand ma ie as called for by law. [
; may frankly state, however, that in my ju'g-

ment, more frequent payment is un
| for both the employer and the
| pay dava, whenever and as oft
| eur, are followed by decreased efficiency on the

esirabie
employee, is

1 a8 they oo.

 

| part of the men, resulting in reduced time,
| output and consequently increased
The use of the word ‘ton’ as applied to

3,360 pounds is a misnomer: it is simply aunit
of measure which might be called a car or a
| caruoad or by any other name, and it is the
| quantity of the actual coal plus bone, slate and
} other foreign material, for the removal of
| which a certain payment is made under the
| agreed scale of wages. It was probably origi-
adopted as representing approxim
f

| the amount of crud

| nally
material from which

 

of prepared coal could be expected, but
amount would necessarily vary at the severa]
mines and from the same mine at the hands of
| diferent workmen

 

 

 
 

 

| } he pri e¢ charged for powder is an apparent
but not a real grievance. In some regions
$2.75 per keg is charged, in others $1.50 per keg
This of itself uid be sufficient evidence

| that the compensa

| dependently of the
return for a day's

; the same in

 

jon of the miner is set in-
rice of powder, as a net
abor must be essentially
laboring fields, whether one or the

     

 

| other price is char@ed for the powder. To

| iustrate: Tf a man Is employed for a special
piece of work in which powder must be nsec

| the superintendent agrees with him is to
| the ar ! which he should earn with indu

; trv and with eare of the materials entrusted
to hin | value of the powder required
in a day's work is added to the intended
daily wage, and the sum of the two is

agreed upon as the pay of that man for the

4) suffer m

 

. | Brnouamton, N.Y.

| work in question; thua, if a man were valued
| At $2.50 per day and with due care he would use
« Kew of powder valued at $2.75 in five days, the
day’s consumption of powder—66 cents—-woul
be added to $2.50 and he would be engaged ona
basis of $3.06 per day and charged with the
powder used at the price agreed upon. The
same method is adopted in fixing the price of
work yaid for by the car. Another evidence
that the price of powder does not create an in-
jury to the miner is shown by the fact that
when the subject was agitated some time ago
one of the larger companies offered to reduce
the charge for powder to its then current value,
provided the men would consent to auch re-
vision of their wages aa would continue the
samme Compensation for their labor as they had
previously received under the agreement which
, Was then operative this was promptiy re-
lected, showing that thelr purpose was to ef-
t an increase of wages and that if this could
not be obtained they preferred to maintain
the apparent grievance, which could be, and
has been from that time to this, used asa ground
of complaint of unfair treatment
It fe well that the public should understand
that there would be no occasion for the price
of powder to enter into the pay of the miners,
were it not that safety of person and property
absolutely requires that the operator should
keep a firm hand upon both the quality and
quantity of powder (aken info the mines,
‘Eliminating the foregoing ullewed griev-
unces from the list formulated by the United
Mine Workers, nothing whatever remains but
& general demand for increased pay and recog-
of the order as the agency through which
“neces should be adi vated, frat the
| nethoda of the order are arbitrary and unjust
is evidenced by the Inclusion in the list of rays
an

     

 

   

| ances of matters which are purely local
upply to very few indeed of the anthracite em-
Ip ovees, while they are put before the publie
} 48 general grievances for which the operators
| as 4 body are responsible and which they have
) the power to correct; also by their determina-
tion to provoke tens of thousands of men to
| etrike who neither have nor profess to have
}any grievance whatever against their em-
plovers. Under such circumstances it ia not
to be wondered at that employers should re-
sist the interference, and condemn such an
agency as one utterly unworthy of use in the
adjustment of differences between themselves
and their employees,”

EXCHANGE ADOPTS 81 RAISE.

Retail Coal Dealers Offictally Advance the
Price of the Commodity
The action of individual retail coal dealers
in advancing the price $1 a ton on Saturday
| was made official and general yesterday at a
neeting of the Retall Coal Dealers’ Exchange
About the middle of last week this organization
met and advanced the price of chestnut, egg
ind stove coal 50 cents a ton. This waa the
and the dealers who are not
members did not all adopt it. When the mem-
| bers of the exchange learned on Sunday that
individual dealera had agreed among

 

first advance,

 

|
|
| many
t emselves to raise the price $1 at on they con-
cluded that they would not be outdone. There-
fore the meeting of yesterday was called and
| the price advanced 50 cents. to conform to the
|
}
|

   

unofficial advance
The result is that domestic sizes of white ash
coal are now selling throughout the greater
portion of Manhattan Island for $5.50 a ton,
while the same sizes of red ash are selling for
$6.50. Some dealera on the upper East and
West Sides, however, and some in The Bronx,
are aelling white ash for $6 and red ash for $7

 

 

 

} Over ta Brooklyn some of the coal men held a
| meetin’ on Sunday night ana decided to make
fy pice off lomestic sizes of white ash coal

   

| $4 a ton. Rewarding the general condition
of the retail trade, Frederick Wiltse of Curtis
& Blaisdell said yesterday
“The large retall dealers are being literally
awainped with orders from customers who buy
at this time of the year from ten to thirty tons
of coal These customers are people who oc-
} cupy whole houses and lay in their year's sup-
| ply of coal in the fall. It is thie class that will
st from the advance in prices. The
| dealers tried to induce them to Yas in their
supply in the summer. There was plenty of
} strike talk at that time and the customers were
warned. They went to the couatry and de
ferred filling their bins until fall. Now they
gtocover. Maybe it will bea leason
As for the poor people, I don't
As a rule

 

 

 

 

  

   

think they will suffer a great deal

they dont burn much coal until well into the

autumn. At present they are burning very
| jittle and by the time they need much coal I
| think the strike will be over As to the supply

of coalin New York, there is plenty for the pres-

ent, wore t orders of normal size. Should
it resent a nd keep up, however, I don't
| th ink the New York supply would last more

than ten days.”

E MEN OUT, SAYS MITCHELL.

Assessment Made on Biteminous

Coal Miners in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 17.-W. B. Wilson, seo

retary of the United Mine Workers of America,

A Spectal

vr of telegrams to-day from
members of the Executive Board who have
charge of the strike in the anthracite coal flelds
of Pennsy!ivania. They said that the strike
was fully under way and the tie up was more
was expected. A telegram from
ell anid that 106,000 men had
rder to strike and that some

received a numb
¢

 

complete thar

President Mitel
responded to the

mines were without a single man. Others
found their forces so depleted that they had to |
abandon work and all would be closed before |
t ‘nd of the weel

  
 

An in
ition for Indiana had or-
ant upon the biturmi-
lieved that thie fund
porting the anthracite strike
nt will be in addition to the

organi?

 

 

 

 

¢ ug and it will prove a very
creasing the strike fund of
|
| SAYS ENGINEERS WILL STRIKE.

A Delegate to Binghamton Conference Says
They Agreed to Ald the Miners,

Sept. 17.—Though the
secret conference of the engineers held in this

y is said to have postponed immediate defi-
} action, a delegate from the Switehmen’s
Dr who was present at the confer-
}enee says thata strike was decided on, but that
the announcement will not be made until later.
| It is known that the Order of Railroad Train-
men, whieh includes all other branches of rail-
|

 

rhood

 

road emplovees, has agreedtogo out if the en- |

ovement, and the mine
| workers are now endeavoring to obtaln inde-

pendent action from the awitchmen and brake
| men, confident that the engineers, telegraphers
and conductors will follow the movement
Lackawanna emplore es take the lead in the
strike talk, and the movement, it is said, will
start ont road. It is not expected that radi-
eal action will be taken by the railroad men
within ten days, and meantime another meeting
will be called, at which representatives of the
mine workers as well as of the railroad men will
be present.

gineers will join they

     

LACKAWANNA MINES IDLE,

| Work Ceases at Forty-five Collieries About
Scranton,

When the whtetlea

in thie district
his morning not a man stirred to go into the
completely tied up.

ries began work, but by

stopped. One of them,
started up soon after-

SCRANTON, Pa.,
blew at the fort

Sept. 17
-flve collieries

mines Every mine was
Several of the

Ww cevery one wa

owned by EF. B. Sturges,

wash

ward with non-union labor and continued
to work throughout the day without any molea
| tatior

Fk. EF. Loomis of the Delaware, Lacka:vanna
and Western said that the nineteen mines
owned by that company were tied up. C. E.
Rose of the Delaware and Hudson admitted

that all but one of that companys sixteen
mines were idle. The eight Hillside Coal Com-

 

pany mines, nine owned by the Tempie Iron
Company, and those owned by the Pennsyl-
vania Coal Company were all idle. The Dela

ware and Hudson Company has prepared a
circular to the trade announcing that ita mines
will Suspend temporarily, that its men have
no grievances, and that it expects to be op-
erating ita mines again soon

IN THE SHAMOKIN DISTRICT.
Eighty Per Cent. of the Miners on Strike

Complete Me-Up Expected To-day.
Pa., Sept. 17.-At twenty ool-
between here and Ashland operated by
} the Mineral Mining Company, Philadelphia
| and fleading Coal and Iron Company, Union
| Company and individual operators, 80 per cent
of the 15,000 men and boys employed did not
| york to-day
|
|
|
|

SHAMOKIN,
Heries

' The indicatians are that all op-
erations will be completely tied up by morn-
ing. There was little or no violence in the dis-
trict. In several cases slate picker boys hurled
stones at_a few miners on their way to the col-
lierios. The only colliery. in this territory
working full-handed was the North Franklin
operated by the ;

Philadelphia and Reading
Coa! and Iron (

ompar

 

y at Trevorton

 

To Cure a Cold tn One Day

Take Lasative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
gists refund the money {f {t fatis to cure, ae
| Grove's signature is on each box 25a~Ada

if to-day that the State Presi- |

é bituminous coal min- |

STRIKE FAILS AT HAZLETON,

 

Labor Agitators Accused of Insinoerity ta
Asking for Arbitration.
HAz.eron, Pa., Sept. 17.-The strike which
was to involve the entire anthracite coal region
is doomed to failure so far as the Hazleton dis-
trict Is concerned. Less than 40 per cent. of
the mine workers employed in the various
collieries stopped work, and nearly all the more
important mines are in full operation, The
smaller mines, though slightly crippled by de-
fections, were working to-day and getting out
pretty nearly their full quota of coal
At the collieries of the north side nearly all
hands reported for work this morning and
continued operations undisturbed, with every
prospect of their doing so permanently, All
the Cross Creek coal companies, or, a8 they
are more familiarly known by their old name,
ihe Coxe Brothers’ workings, etarted up full
handed this morning and kept up work all day
The upper Lehigh collieries, belonging to the
1 Ieisenrings, were obliged to shut down,
| being shorthanded, as were the Milnesville
colliery of the estate of A. 8. VanWickle. The
Coleraine colliery, on the other hand, which
belongs to the same operator, is in full opera-
| tion, a8 is the Lattime@oolliery of C. Pardee
| & Co, On the south side the machinations
| of the labor agitators have been more suc-
cessful, as every colliery there, with the exoep-
tion of the Coleraine and the Beaver Meadow,
is closed down
The wives of the miners are etill strenuously
opposed to the strike, The lirge proportion
| of men remaining at work ls generally regarded
here as breaking the backbone of the strike,
at least so far a8 the Hazleton region is
concerned, especially as it is almost
certain that more men will return to work to-
morrow. An indication of this Is the fact that
fifty-one men applied at the office of the [#hiah
Valley Coal Company for permission to return
to work to-morrow, They said that they had
| not gone on strike, but had only laid off after
celebrating payday a little too hilariously
yesterday. The strike therefore, instead of
spreading in this region, is much more likely
to peter out in a few days
The strike in the upper Lehigh collieries
will also be only a matter of a few days in all
probability, as a majority of those who quit
to-day sny that as aoon as the company guar-
antees them work they will return. The col-
lieries were idle to-day, but the men say that

they were sorry that they quit work, and also
| that they were misled by the labor agitators,
They will request the company to be alowed
to return to work to-morrow
President Mitchell of the United Mine Work-
ers, who holds forth with his staff of agitators
at the Valley Hotel here, was plainly very much
disconcerted at the iil success of the machina-
tions of the strike leaders in this region. He
declined to discuss the Hazleton situation at
all to-day, but confined hisuself to saying that
125,000 men would be on strike in the anthracite
rewions in afew days
in consequence of the letter addressed to him
by Archbishop Ryan, Father Phulips, who has
done 80 much to avert the strike, called to-day
| to endeavor to induce President Mitchell to
make some move in the direction of the arbi-
tration referred to. While he was waiting for
Mitchell to turn up, an invitation came to him
from G. B. Markle & Co. to attend a @gonference
This concern has repeatedly offered to arbi-
trate its difficulties with its men, and a meet-

 

 

 

 

 

ing of the einployees held at Jeddo
last Friday evening resolved to sub-
mit the questions at issue to arbi
tration The company, however. realized
that while it was offering to arbitrate the

labor agitator:
to frnetraie ite endeavors. That ite position
might be fully understood {t decided to repeat
the offer and therefore invited Father Phiilips
to be present at a conference. The latter
gladly accepted the invitation. There were
present John Markle, managing partner of
he firm; W. H. Smith, general manager, and
Alvin Markle, silent partner of the frm. To
the question of arbitration put by Father
*hiliips John Markle replied as follows

“We have arbitration. Here is our author-
ity, an extract from the compact with our men,”
and he read as follows

We further agree that under no consideration
will we enter into a strike. Any
we may have with our employers are to he
settied by arbitration, viz, by our choosing 4
conipetent man and their choosing one, and
if these two cannot agree these two must choose
the third, and their deciston or the decision of
a majority of them to be binding. It is further
agreed that we will not be governed by any
labor aasociation in settling any difficulties
while inthe employ of G. B, Markle & Co.”

“This agreement,” continued Mr. Markle,
“was entered into with our men in 18%4  Al-
though otherwige asserted by the United Mine
Workers, it is a fact that every man who cannot
sign his name made his mark before witness
| In 1897, when labor troubles were brewing, our
men presented a list of grievances, but in the
meantime continued at work. The eomunittee
gave usten days in which toanswer We gave
them an answer tn which we referred to our
agreement of 1884 We offered to arbitrate
while the men remained et work

I h esent case we will pursue the same
course yr our reply is not sathsfactory then
we will arbitrate as per our agreement Ihave
seen it charged by the United Mi orker
that the meeting held at Jed¢ n Friday night
was influenced by us — It was not called by any
act on our part Jn fact, | knew nothing of it
until the next morning, when Tread'about {t In
the papers. I was in New York at the time
Tnere were 500 men atthat meet ng who passed
resolutions to auit themselves The men pre-
sented their grievances to ne on Saturday at
o'clock My reply was that the matter we sia
be carefully investigated anda written answer
is in ten days It was further stated that
ify inswer was not satisfactory they had the
right t irbitrate .

Tf the United Mine Workers want the publie
to be that one of their cardinal principles
{a arbitration, can they consistently reject this
proposition? If the United Mine Workers tn-
terfera with our men now, they repudiate them-
selves. Our men will work and if the people
let them alone they will work right along

‘One of the great obJections raised is the come
pany store. Yet in the list of grievances sube
mitted to us there is no reference made to the
company store and so it is regarding the physi-
clan. About 150 families living [n Hazleton
and employed in our mines buy their goods
in the company store, although thera is no com-
puision.

In case that the answer which we mnake
to our people is net acceptable to then: in case
the two men ehe nto arbitrate cannot agree
we are perfectly satisned in view of the offer of
Archbishop Ryan to accept him as the third
arbitrator

When President Mitchell was asked whether
he would accent Archbishop Ryan as en arbitra-
| tor, he repiied that he could not anawer that

qiestion until it was presented to him in an
| offleial way When asked whether he would
still endeavor to induce the men employed by
4. B Markle & Co. to go on atrike, be evaded
the question, but at once proceeded to Jeddo
and addressed a meeting whose sole object
it was to stir up trouble among the Jeddo em-
ployees

 

 

  
 

  

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

The Draymen's Union Will
Coal.

RINCHAMTON, N. Y., Sept. 17.—Another phase
of the coal sirfke has developed in the refiusal
of the Draymen's Union to haul any coal that
| may be brought in by the railroads after this
| weel They do not object to the stock already
| on hand, but drawthe line on what they term
real coal. The mentsay similar action will be
taken in all cities where te drayimen are or-
ganized.

Refuse to Haul

 

 

Rough Rider. in Jall, Apnoals to Roosevelt,
ToreKa, Kan., Sept. 17.—"“Dr.” Wilaeon, a
Rough Rider, who sarved under Gov Roose-

velt in Cuba, has Pppeserd to nis former com-
mander for aid. He was arreated*to-day for
using the maile for frauduleat purposes He
advertised a pl yeician’s diploma for sale, and
in replying te Inquirine, etated that it came

| inte his possession from 4 deceaaed relative,
Wiieon jeynediatety appealed to Gov. Roose-
velt for help

x
~~
-

A good liver needs a good
liver pill— Ayer’s!— No bet-
ter,

  
  

 

\
\

    

J. C. Aver Company,
Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass.

 

Ayer's Sarsaparilla Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Pills Ayer's Cherry Pectosal
Ayer's Ague Cure Ayer's Comatone

were doing underhanded work |

diMeulties |

THE SUN, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.

Satna RaeEEEREaeeieneiatentsenianaeeaneieeaer |
SS sss sss SSS. ste

|

ROOSEVELT IN MONTANA:

CAMPAIGNING ACROSS THE STATE
FROM BILLINGS TO HELENA.

 

Euthusiaom All Along the Route—Three Demo
cratic County Conventions Adjourn te
Allow the Delegates to Go and Hear the
Governor—Your Big Meetings Are Heid in
Billings, Bozeman, Big Timber and Helena.

He.ena, Mon. Sept. 17.—Gov. Roosevelt
to-day carried his carnpaign well into the foot~
hills of the Recky Mountains. Starting at
Billings, the centre of the sheep grazing dit-
trict of Montana, he crossed the mountains
to Bozeman, in the Gallatin Valley, and ran
up to Helena, where he addressed two big meet-
ings in the Opera House and the Auditorfum.
His audiences have been large and almost al-
ways enthusiastic. He has found a commun-
ity or two which feels that the crime of '73 is
yet to be avenged. One of them, after he had
made a speech, in which, because of the short
time he had for speaking, he had not defined
the position of the party on the silver question,
sent a delegation over to his car to put a ques
tion to him. He answered it from the rear
platform with a squareness that was eminently
satisfactory to his questioners

This was at Big Timber. The meeting was
held in a warehouse thet is attached to the
freight station, One end of the warehouse
was plled high w'th wool, which is being held
for McKinley's election because the growers
believe that the market will be a great deal
stronger then. A platform had been erected
in the middle of one side of the big shed and
covered with flags. Right in front of the plat-
form were the public school children of Big
Timber, sixty of them. With great difficulty
they had been kept in their places until Col
Roosevelt was off the train and in the ware-
house, Then they could not have been moved
except by main force. J. N. Kelly, who pre-
sided at the meeting, is the Republican candi-
date for the State Senate, He introduced
Gov. Roosevelt thus, after the usual preliml-
nary remarks about his own emotions on the
auspick casion:

“I present to you the present Governor of
New York, the next Vice-President of the United
States and the man who is to be President of the
United States in 1904.”

The warehouse rang with cheers. The Gov-
ernor did not look as though he greatly enjoyed
Mr. Kelly's exercise of the prophetic gift. The
Governor eaid that he felt that it was particu-
larly proper that he should speak in the cause of
the party of prosperity in a warehouse. He
amused his audience by telling them what the
threat of militarism really amounted to. When
the train whistle blew to call the party back to the
train the audience came back with Gov. Roose-
velt,and when he stepped upon the platform
two men motioned to him toattract his attention
and one of them called out

“Say, where do you stand on the ourrenoy
question and the tariff?"

“I will tell you where I stand,” said the Gov-
ernor, turning about as quick as a flash, “I
stand for the Republican platform straight
I am on the gold standard and for a protective
tariff. Is that what you wanted?”

There was an outburst of applause and cheer-
ing. The man who had asked the quetion
nodded his thanks and seemed very well satis-
fled

‘That is more satisfaction than anybody
will get from Bryan in the Fast,” shouted @
man from the warehouse platform.

Afterward the presence of so many Demo=
crats at the meeting in the warehouse was exe
plained. The Democratic county convention
bad been in session in the town all the
morning It had adjourned by the re-
que t of the delegates, who wanted to
see and hear Col. Roosevelt. At the meet-
fogs at Livingston and Bozeman afterward
Democratic county committees were likewise
adjourned so that the delegates could go to the
Republican meetings There was a good ceal
of opposition to the adiournment, but the men
who wanted to go carried the day in each case
over those who wanted to sta;

At the early morning meeting {In Billings,
Senator W. V. Alien was on the platform. Sena-
tor Carter discovered him in the audience and
issued a cordialinvitation to him to come up
to the platform, promising him that thoug
he night touch pitch, he would net be defiled.
Senator Allen came up and sat there, looking
rather foolish ali the time, but taking the joking
of his friend very cheerfully

There were between two and three thousand
people in the open lot at Billings, where the
meeting was sel, They warmed up slowly,
but when Gov. Roosevelt appealed to them to
support President McKinley because he was
upholding the integrity of the nation and the
honor of the flag they swung their hats and
cheered and cheered until Senator Carter had
to remind them that the train had but a short
time to be with them and there were other
Speakers to comme.

The Alice Band joined the train at Biuings
The band is made up of miners who work in the
Allee mine, and is the prin ipal competitor of
the famous Boston and Montana band which
WA. Clark bought away from Mareus Daly
just before the Kansas City Convention. It
ay the people of Livingston and Bozeman

!

us o¢

5
ito a high state of enthusiasm even before the
eaking began
oO Oa man is in the Gallatin Valley, over the
mountains from Livingston, The valley is
populated for the most part by Confederate
evldiera and their descendants who left Mis-
sourl when it became too hot for them and as-
cended the Missouri River to its very head-
waters in this valley, among the saow-capped

 

mountains. Gov. Roosevelt did not know
anything about this when he began to
te! at Bozeman of his pleasure in

being ible — to Sa) that he had

fought under Gen. Joe Wheeler, and found that |

he had raised the people to a height of enthusi-
aam that he had hardly fou;ndinany other place
this side of Michigan. The stand from which
he spoke was a big four-wheeled baggage truck.
It had been draped with flags and flags were
flying from uprights that had been nailed at
the aides and corners. When Col. Roosevelt fin-
ished there was a decided disposition in the
crowd to drag bim in triumph from the park to
the train on the baggage truck, but he maid he
thought he could walk rather more comfort-
ably
Wille the train was running down hill into
the Gallatin Valley at the rate of sixty miles
an hour and more it dashed through two or
three sidehill mining towns. The women
and children were all at the doors of the cabins
and dugouts. All of them waved their aprons,
but in the door of the most miserable hovel of
them all, a gray-headed woman stood with a
lag that was longer than she was tall and shook
it out at the train with the wildest abandon,
The train windows fluttered with flags and
handkerchiefs in answer to her greeting.
Helena’s battery of the Montana National
Guard saluted Gov. Roosevelt with seventeen
uns. Bonfiree made of six and elght tar
arrela burned on the corner of every vacant
4 between the main city and the station down
nthe Sixth ward. Once Into the elty the pro-
cession was lighted by a glow of red fire that

nade the tall butidings stand out as if by day-
fight The whole length of Main street was a
sea of sparks and fire From the
curbetone, from store fronts nd

from every window rang cheer on
cheer. The windows of nearly all the buildings
wrere brightiv Uluminated. The McKinley and
Roosevelt Club of Helena, which has a thousand
nembers, was in line, and every man had an
armful of fireworks, Strings of dynamite
crackers, yards long, banged and rattled from
evers telegraph pole. Banda brayed discord-
antl: up and down the whole lipe

At the Auditorium, where the Governor spoke
first there was an audience of 4,000 people,
The crowd filled every aisle and every Window
apace, It yelled on every possible excuse, and
when Gov. Roosevelt appeured it yelled for 105
reconds and was then only controlled by con-
tinued and angry pounding of the chairman's
gave

Senator Carter introduced Gov. Roosevelt,
referring first to his career as Civil Service
Commisoner, and there was %P lnuse. A
further reference to his term as oice Com-
missioner set one lone man in the gallery to
cheering and clapping his hands ‘hen the
Senator got down to Gov. Roosevelt's record
in the Navy Department and in the army the
crowd got on {te feet once more. Gov. Roone-
velt had to wait forty seconds on his feat
before he could make himself heard. He
thanked his sympetheticfriend inthe gallery
for the appreciation of the arduous task of
p New York Police Cornmiesioner, and every-
pody chuckled. He sald that he owed his nomi-
nation for the VicwPresidency to the Weat
for it was on the Western plains that he received
his real education, hia firet Epomiedge of broad
gauge, simply manhood. HA then went after
one of the recent utterances of the Democratic
arty and was cheered from the first sentence
Oo the last. Gov. Rooreve t said:

“In a recent speech at Chicago Mr. Bryan is
reported to have spoken as follows: ” ‘Can
106,000 soldiers in a country like thie take charge
pnd change the form of government? No,
nit the fact that a peonle like ours permit
fps. bodes no good to American Institutions
{ 100.0% soldiers are permitted to walk about
in idleness where one soldier would do, what
arg, 75 coming ~ \

is extract ie correct, it is interesting to
see that Mr. Bryan has abandoned the Kansas
City platform and his own message of accept.

ance, in so far nas they define the da
militarism. The absurdity of 6 dnt 7 fn
en army of 100,000 men as 4 the coun-

|
|

|

AIN FOR EVERY HOME

 

     

$e

TRADE MARK

Small Stee! Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Qas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Almost every cool beverage in daily use can be improved by

aeration.

waters for that purpose.

life and fizz.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.
Write for Booklet.

All Dealers.

Most of them are ruined by the dilution inseparable
from the addition of sparkling
Put
them in the special bottle, aerate
with aSPARKLET, and you get
the full body with the addition of

   
  
 

 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

One of the Best

Points About

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

 

All Grocers.

is that there is not a particle of waste.
The precise amount desired can be pre-
pared in dish or saucer, and there is no

pipkin scraping afterwards.
ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions and book of tested receipts

with every package.

Large package, 15 Cts.

 

try, when one-third of them are volunteers and
the Kegulars provided for for only two years
byCongress, is 60 palpabie that the mere state-

ment of the case sufficient for refuta-
tion, But {t {s no more absurd than
the extraordinary positions actually taken

in the above quotation. What is it that bodes
no good to American institutiona? Is it the
sixty odd thousand Kegulars for the most part
inthe Philippines’ Under Presiden McKinley
while there is war in thePhilipt nes Jour Regular
Army has shrunk to but litde more than half the
relative size which it had attained at the end
of President Jefferson's Administration during
a period of profound peace. Even more ex-
traordinary is the statement that 100,000 soldiers
are permitted to walk about in indolence where
one soldier would do. If it were not for Mr.
Bryan's other utterances on the subject it
wold seem absolutely impossible that tls
staternent could hgve been correctly reported.

‘®’ hundred th®usand soldiers In idleness!
Think of these words being spoken. by @ cend-
didate for the highest offlee in the ef't of Amer-
ican people of men who haye pas ed a@ year
of much grinding toil and deaperate denger

| in the Philippines that we here can hardly fo

any conception of all that they have tried an
risked and endured. They have been worn
down month in and month out, marching from
dawn til! darkness through the mud of the tropi
cal swamps, sleeping when and how they
could, eating what they could get or golng
without, facing death by bullet at every step
from a foe ten times as numerous
as themeelves and ignorant, and beeldes
facing what was infinitely worse than death,
the most dreadful torture. With patient, um
complaining, unfinching, never-wearing cour-
ge, they have done all this, and thelr reward
s that the chosen representative of one of the
two great parties sneers at them as walking
about in idleness. Some of them no longer
walk about in idleness. Lawton no longer
walks about in idleness. Liscum ne longer walks
about in idleness Reilly no longer walks
about in idleness, Many an officer, many a
ftoldier rests forever in pence: peace because
his life of toil and effort for his country, has
come to the kind of end which should at least
secure freedom from slight or slander, both
for the valiant dead and for the noiseless, val-
iant living. One soldier do the work of these
men! Are our memories so short as elready to

| forget the hurry with which we drew troops

——— Ne eee er

bot from America and the Philippines
when the blood of our people called from China
and the awful danger of the women and chil-
dren in Pekin stirred to ite utmost son] the
blood of al] Christians? Every America? pubile
man who holds highthe honor of hie country
should have graven on his heart the solemn
prophecy of Lawton. [et him beware above
all elae the words that speed the bullets of our
country’s enemies Idleness! Was Leonard
Wood idle when for the firat time in 800 years
he cleaned § Spanish eity? Was he idie when
he fed and clothed and schooled the ohild of
the reconcentrado? Was he idle when he lifted
into active labor the man who sunk into shift-
leas apathy by centuries of Spanish tyranny?
Was he idle when he started this man with long
strides on the pith of self government? Were
Gens. MacArthur, Wheaton and Young idle
when they drove plunderers and murderers
before them that under the shadow of
our flag the scarred wilderness palate again
become afruitfullend? ‘Vas Chaffee idle when
eager to obey the President's command, he Jed
the march toward the Forbidden city? Was
the boy Titus when, springing lightly rom th
ranks, planted on the walls of an immora
despotism the flag which stood for rescue and
freedom? Idieness! Such idleness ie of the
kind that plain men call heroism, and thrice
happy is the country who can command It.”
urtis Guild followed the Governor. When
he had finished larae numbers of the andience
dashed out to get more fireworks with hich
to relieve their feelings, On the streets they
met other citizens who had heard John Proc
tor ke at the Opera House and had been
similarly affected. It is a night {n Helena
to make a tenderfoot wish there were more
trees that could be climbed in an emergency.

WILL FIGHT FOR MISSOURI.

 

 

The Republicans Have High Hopes of Carrying
That State.

Chairman Hanna of the Republican National
Committee is expected to be in New York on
Monday. The greatest interest was evinced
yesterday in the fact that Gov. Roosevelt is
to lead the fight of the Republicans in an effort
to capture Missouri, the stronghold of the
Democratic national party for scores of years
Mr. Manley, Mr. Scott, Frederick 8S, Gibbs and
Mr. Bliss were the national campaigners on
guard at Easiern headquarters yesterday.
They said Missouri was to be one of the great
battlegrounds of the campaign Several con-
fidential communications from trustworthy
sources in Missourl have been received, and
they have been in the nature of a eratifying
surprise

liltherto the Republican managers had been
conceding Missouri to Bryan and not regarding
it even as a doubtful State. But since the re-
ception of these communications they have
come to the oconciusion that there is a very
good chance of carrying the State for McKinley

and that they are justified in making a specia!
efforts toward that end. They are also advised
that there is good ground for hoping that the
Republicans may gain three Congressmen in
the State, which would make six Republican
Congresamen in all in Missouri. Owing
this important change in the aspect of aflairs
Gov. Roosevelt's itinerary has been chaoyed
60 a6 tw enable him to make speeches in Mi
souri and several other speakers will be sent
there by the National Committee. The present
disorgani.ed condition of the Democratic party
in Missouri offers a most favorable oppurtunity
to the Republicans,

Due SUN in 4a interview with Joseph H
Manley of Maine on Sunday morning, |
bow Mr, Mauley pointed out that Bryan and).
friends were trying to change what the Ku
City National Convention called the paramoun'
issue of the campaign “imperialism” to “th:

issue of the trusts.” ‘The Republican mationa
campaigners decided yesterday to meet Mr
Bryan and his friends on the issue of the trus'<
and a document on the subject w su
from headquarters last night in whit the
history of the two political parties on ante
trust lation is gone over, thus plainly s
ing the hypocrisy of the present attitude «
the Democrats

“The first blow against the trusts,” says tl
document, “was the Interstate Commer
law, & Republican measure, introduced by
Republican and putin force by the party. Th»
has beea amended from time to tiiue and has tb»
approved by the Supreme Court. Und
yrovisions the great railroad pool was a

 

 

 

f

liegal and attempts to restrict competit
in » commerce between States have fer!
prever ted.

“Closely following this law was the reer
lution in the Republican Convention of 18%
which not only attacked the trusts, but pre

aremedy for them. The writer of this
resolve was William McKinley, now candidate
for President of the United States The dif
culties met in the confijet of the laws of S s
with those of the Federal law in proceed
against trusts finally led to the introduc
of a sweeping measure proposed as a Cor
tutional Amendment, under whic!
be possible for all the States to rroce:
injurious aggregations of capital

“What did the Democrats do when they wers
faced by this measure that would probifl!t
the trusia? They held a caucus and deeld
that it would be @ dangerous precedent toward
the centralization of government and would
violate the saered principle of State Rig)ta
Hence they decid to oppose tt, and when
the vote was cast the menstue was defeated
This vote waa taken on the Jrst of last June”

In_ conclusion the document save: “it {s
hardly 1ecassary to point to the recent devel!
of the New York State leaders who were ed
to aecent an anti-trust plank in their plat!
while their pockets were bulging with «t-
in the Ice Trust combination, which, with the
help of the Dock Commissioners, the Mayor a’ 1
other officiala in New York city, waa for
with the obiact of robbing the poor by
naturally raising the price of {ce in hot weather

 

d against

 

 

 

  

 

LOCKJAW FOLLOWS BLOW.
Beagan's Mother Says He Was Hit on the Head
With an Iron Bolt,

Joseph Beagan, 17 years old, of 250 Railr:
avenue, Jersey City, was taken to Bt. Fras
Hoapital on Sept. 6 suffering from a conus
wound on the head. On Saturday
set in and Inst night the physicians «
woud not live untfl morning. Hts
says he was struck on the head with «a:
belt by a companion with whem he 1
relled, but she has na yet made no « !
egainat the lad, and the police have tu
action in the matter
a

~ FIT THE GROCER

Wife Made the Suggestion.

A @rocer has excellent opportur
the efiects of erecial foods on his "0
Mr. R. A. Lytle of 657 St. Clair st, ¢
Ohfo, has a@ long list of customers |
been telredin health by
using Pos'um Food Coffee

He says, rewarding his own exnerter:
years agolhad been drinking
Gay that I was alinost wreck od 1

‘Partioulariy {) the mor ine |
table and ups+t that I eould vardiy ¥
the coffee was served, andto en | had *
tite for breakfast and did not feel like end &
to my atore duties

“One dav my wife sucgesied that
aal was selling @> much Postum ft

 

 

leaving off coff d

"

 

 

there mus be some mertt in it. and

that wetrv it. Ltook home apacka
prepared it according to directior
WAS A Very happy one Miy nervy

ually disappeared and to-day my ner: ean
right I would adv ae evervore affect dl ‘
way wi vervousness or slomacn troubé
leave coffee and use Postum Food Colles,

     

 
            

     
    
    
  
     
      
    
     
     
  
     
   
  
  
   
    
    
   
   
   
       
       
     
     
     
     
   
  
   
    
 
      
        
    

  
       
   
  
 
 
 
    
    
 
    
   
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
 
    
     
  
    
 
  
 
     
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    

ation

ness
with

to r
who

plant
stree
few d
req

night)
be

of re
busi
ex tei
as qi
could

As
were

opinia
time,
of the

Gen
Inte
after
one
eight
croach
be at
on his

Wil

about
made
He
vicini
but h

The
wreck
hou
saw
down,
Hute
at the
wreck

Diies
did no
unfa
echoo