Pairs

ares
Mis
sent
psent
party
nity

H
told
d his
Bis
Rount

the
onal

Mr
18ts,
ued

the
ntie

owe

» of
this

berce
hy

Dristi~
t uld
ainst

were
phibit
eided
rard
ould
ita
en
ated.

it ts
Hecelt
reed
form
stock
the
rand
rmed
une
her.”

lroad
ancis
btusecl
ajaw
anon
jother
} iron
quar-
piaint
en no

have

e and

“Two
must
a
irri-
t until
apr e

nding

muoh
off

CLEANING UP GALVESTON,

WHREE MILES OF RUINS STREWN
WITH THE STORM'S VICTINS.

More Than One Hundred Bodies Taken Ont
Yosterday and Cremated—A Hospital Es.
tablished tn Tents—Tilness of a Malartal
Type Causes Anxiety-Datly Improvement
in the Situation More Than 81,200,000
of Relief Money Received by Gov. Sayers.

GaLvEstTow, Tex., Sept. 17.~This is the ninth
day after the storm and still the work is ging
on of recovering the dead from the gigantio
masa of ruins that lines the south side of what
remains of the «ity, Yesterday 107 bodies
were recovered and cremated. Among them
wae a mother with a babe tlahtly clasped to
ber brewat fhe body of Major W. T. Levy,
United States Iromigrant Inspector of this
diewrit, War amet urmber of those found
He made a gallant struggle to save hie wife
and three children, but all were lost. ‘The bodies
of the wife and children have not been recovered
They are still among the uninterred dead and
when found will be disposed as was that of
the father and husband. The number of bodies
recovered and cremated to-day has not been
reported vet, but it will exeeed one hundred,

Phe of recovering the bodies that are
beneat! or were Jammed
rick débris extending from the eastern to
the western limit of the efity, a distance of
more than three miles, is a herculean one and
the most expeditious way of removing them
from & sanitary potnt of view, is by fire. This,
{n ‘he crippled condition of the Fire Depart-
ment and the water works would endanger
the remaining part of the city. As ft now
stances this immense pile of débris ts strewn
with bodies The presence of the carcasses
of animals is another serious menace to health
and their disposition is the most diMoult
problem the Board of Health has to deal with

I work of opening up the etreeta and
disinfecting them is being vigorousiy prose
cied The débris and garbage are being
removed in 250 vehicles of avery description
and carried out to a safe place and there burned,
In a few days all streets will be opened for
the passage of vehicles

To~lay it was decided at a meeting of the
Central Executive Committee that all the
laborers now employed in burying the dead,
oleansing the buildings and removing the dé-
bris from the streets and sidewrnlks shall ree
ovive $1.70 a day and rations Heretofore
they have been working for nothing and if
they refused to work were inpressed by the
military.

The work of supplying relief for the sick and in-
jured is wel in hand, and under the direction of
physiclans and nurses they are improving daily

‘leven hundred tenta were received to-day by
the Board of Health. All except 400, retained
for hospital purposes, will be distributed by the
chairmen of the various ward sub-commit-
tees to shelter thelr homeless The Ma-
rine Hospital Service, which ts working in
conjunction with the Board of Health, has ea-

a the

task

into this immense |

 

@ light gale on Gunday. After passing
Velance lighthouse, we were horrified to see |
the floating corpses of men, women aad children
im the Gulf, some tied to dead horses and some
floating alone.

“An bomense arsount of timber, barrels and
débris of all kinds lay in eur path. Here and
there huge serpents were seen.

“One of the Clarke Company's barges is high
and dry at Mitchell's, out in Arkansas Bay.”

Gov. Sayers expressed faith in the future of
Galveston, sald Capt. Gores, and said the olty |
would be rebuilt. He wanted the people of
Galveston at onee to turn their attention to the
rehabilitation of their property, and leave to
the Governor, Gen. Scurry and the State authori-
Ges the work of sanitation. In other words,
the State will relieve Galveston of the important
work of sanitation, and will leave the citizens |
free to restore their homes and their places
of business

the

REFUGERS AT DALLAS.

hear of an Equinoctial Storm Drives Many
People From Galveston.

Dat.as, Tex., Sept. i7.—The Relief Com-
mittee at Dallas received large consignments
of money and goods to-day for the sufferers |
at (alveston and the other coast storm dis. |
tricts. Two train loads of supplies were started |
out this afternoon. Fifty more members
of the Trezevant Rifles also started for Ual- |
veston to do military duty on the island. Re- |
ports from subordinates of Adjt.-Gen
Seurry indicate that the presence of mill-
tia and the enforcement of martial law will
be necessary for several weeks yet.

Large numbers of refugees continue to ar-
rive in Dallas. The Relief Committee finds
much difficulty in eliminating tmposters, squads
of whom have moved on Di n the gul
of storm sufferers. Ete Cabal has p
aside a fund of $1,000 to use in case emergen-
cies make it necessary to establish a refugee
camp in this city.

Reports from Galveston to the local com-
mittee state that the exodus from the island
tty continues. Hundreds denarted to-day.

he fear of another hurricane during the equi-
noctial storm period influences many of the
refugees from Galveston.

Numerous cases of blood poisoning are re-
vorted from Galveston among the forces that
ave been burying the dead. Two cases of
amputation of arma are reported.

A pelican, driven to the interior by the Gulf
storm, was killed yesterday, six miles from
Dallas and more than 800 miles from Galveston
The bird measured eight feet and a half from
tip to tin of wings, and five and a feet
from point of bill to end of tail. It was shot
Bona ian Adams, and to-day brought to

allas

RELIFF FUNDS STILL GROWING.

Thousands of Dollars in Additional Centriba-
tlons Reported Yesterday.

Mayor Van Wyck received $2,888.55 for the

| Galveston fund yesterday, making the total
| amount so far contributed through him $12,-

tabl'shed a hospital on the beach at the foot of |

Tramont street, where the sick and wounded,
now sheltered in unsanitary places throughout
the oity will be taken for treatment. The hos-
pital will be under the direction of Drs. Peck-
ham and Wetenbacker of the Marine Hospital
Service, who will be assisted by a corps of
trained nurses. It will consist of 300 comfort-
able tenta and thoroughly equipped ia every
respeot for the treatment and corofort of the
patients

The revenue cutter Winona from Mobile ar-
rived to-day and Capt Parry placed the ves-
se! at the disposal of the Board of Health for
the removal of the sick and wounded able to
leave the city nterior points
was accepted and the Winona will ply between
here and lexas City,
is had, until the present emergency is passed
and railway accommodations are fully re-
stored

lUness of a malarial type is becoming quite

The offer |

where railroad connection |

prevalent among the sufferers and considera- |

ble apprehension is felt that {t may assume a
more serious form. Every effort will be made
by the Board of Health to check the spread of
disease

Miss Clara Barton {s giving her time and at-
tention to assisting in the work of relief and
ascertaining what supplies are necessary to meet
the exigencies of the situafion

The Board of Health has found that more
trained nurses are needed. One of its members
has made serious charges against several! nurses
who have come to assist in relief work and they
were asked to return home

The affiliated labor organizations of this city |

report the loss of more than 500 members and
relations of members and the total destruction
of the property of almost every member

They |

have issued an address appealing to every labor |
organization throughout the country for as- |

sistance, They have appointed T. W. Dee and
Jaines F. Grimes aa soliciting agents to visit all
large Cities to seek aid

William D. Bradfield, pastor of St. John's
Churoh, has received a telegram from an or-
phan asylum at Waco, offering to take and care,
for a number of orphans. Relief supplies are
arriving more regularly and are being dis-
tributed to the destitute as rapidly as possible
Each day shows an improvement and the situ-
ation becomes leas acute. The telegraph com-
panies are dally getting into better shape and
are now able to give quick despatch to all busi-
ness offered them. The offices are still crowded
with people receiving and sending messages.

The Cotton Exchange was to-day expected
to resime operations. An electrical engineer
who arrived yesterday and examined the
Galveston City Street Railway and its power
plant, declared that he could have the electric
street care moving over part of the lines Ina
few days if he could have the labor and material
required to make repairs

David Hall, the city electrician, sald last
night that juet as soon as connections could
be secured with the water works, the city's
electric ight plant would be in such a stage
of repair that lighta could be turned on tn the
business part of the city and the service be
extended to the habitable residence portion
a quickly as repairs to broken connections
could be made with safety

As to the fire-alarm syatem, the city employes
were actively engaged in repairing that and
recovering material, and Mr. Hall was of the

nion that the system would, in a very short
time, be in good working condition in that part
of tho city where fire risks were heaviest
Manager Spangler, of the Gulf &
Interstate Kailroad, reached the city last night
alter a tour over his line. He reported thirty-
one toves of trackage and roadbed gone, and
*lg)! mies of right of way carried by the en-
croacliments of the Gulf, and said that it would
he at least a month before traffic was restored
ine
Willlam

ner

Genera

onhi
Sterling, deputy fish and oyster
has arrived from Matagorda,
southwest of the city, He

passage in ai 24-foot sloop

that the gale at Matagorda and
blew from the west and southwest,
t the destructive force it had at Gal-

’ milas

e-savinge station at San Luis Pass is
nd the keeper's house gone Few
i the island are standing. Sterling
alive twenty-five miles

‘ing the bay water He saw Capt
‘ss yacht and a number of boata
wer end of the island, stranded and

horses

! Morris, a member of a party which
ed here with a schooner-load of sup
Corpus Christi, says the bl@ storm
en Corpus Christi Owing to recent
it took four days for the
make the passage
ry about the storm reaching Rock-
is ft said Morris, “but no danage was
fone, The occupants of E. H. R. Green's club.
house enerte tearing ita
Over t surre
amage was wrought
rpus Christi, a dead calm was on the
{ the bay for two days, breaking with

hie winds

cesiruction
the club-

house, but no
"At OF
surface

water inde

974.05. Tae BUN sent the Mayor $365.50 yes-
terday, the sum of subscriptions thus far sent
to this office DF SUN readers for the succor of |
‘Texas flood sufferers

The Merchants’ Association Committee had |

ived a total of $85,006 9 last evening. J

Pp Morgan, chairman of the Relief Committee |
of the State of New York, reported total con-
tributions mounting to $17,186, and the Cham-
bar of Commerce Committee a total of $61,-
633.75, while the total raised by the Stock Ex-
change Committee is $19,947

The Central Park police sent $188 to Police
Headquarters as their contribution to the fund
for the storm sufferers

Crov, Roosevelt contributed $100 yesterday to
the Galveston sufferers, the contribution heing
made through the Relief Committee of the
Btate of New York Another large
contribution reported yerterday was
that of J. P. Morgan & Co., who, a week ago to-
dav, when the greatness of the disaster became
apparent, telegraphed to the Mavor ef Gal-
Veston to draw on the firm for $5,000

At a meeting of the Relief Committee of the
Chainber of Commerce veaterday @ letter was
read from Senator Thomas’. Platt, Presicent
of the United States Express Company, offering
free the facilities of the company for the trans-
portation of money and supplies

The transport MoPherson, which is being
loaded with aupniles by the Merchanta’ Aseo-
ciation, will sail this afternoon. She will reach
Galveston In about five days. Nathan Straus
received permission yesterday to ship a milk
sterilizing plant on the MoPherson.

EMPEROR WILLIAM'S SYMPATHY.

Message to the President Expressing Sorrow
for the Galveston Disaster.

WasHINOTON, Sept. 17.-Emperor William
of Germany expressed his sympathy with the
misfortunes of the sufferers at Galveston in
the following cable despatch last Thursday:

“STPTTIN, Hept. 18.
“President of the United States of America,

Washington

‘Il wish to convey to your Excellency the
expression of my deep-felt sympathy with the
misfortune that has befallen the town and harbor
of Galveston and many other ports of the coast,
and I mourn with you and the people of the
United States over the terrible los: of life and
property caused by the hurricane; but the
magnitude of the disaster is equalied by the
indomitable spirit of the citizens of the New
World, who, in their long and continued struggle
with the adverse forces of nature, have proved
themselves to be victorious

“| sinoerely hope that Galveston will rise
again to new prosperity. WriuiaMmIl R”

Following fs the reply of the President:

‘EXFCUTIVE MANBION, Sept. 14

| «Eris Imperial and Royal Majesty, Wilhelm 1/.,

Stettin, Germany;

“Your Majesty's message of condolence and
evmpathy is very grateful to the American
Government and people, and in their narne,
as we'l as on behalf of the many thousands
who have suffered bereavement and irreparable
loas in the Galveston disaster, I thank you most
earnestly WILutAM MCKINLEY.”

SAYS GALVESTON [IS WELL SUPPLIED.
Gen. McKibben Reports Marked Improvement
in the Conditions Before He Left.

Waamtnoton, Sept. 17.—-A despatch from
Gen, McKibben, dated San Antonio, Sept. 14,
and receivedatthe War Department on Satur-
day night, was made public this afternoon.
Gen. McKibben says that the food supply at
Galveston is ample and that there is no suffering
for supplies of any kind. Als telegram is
as follows:

“Arrived here this morning. Left Galveston
yesterday ato A.M. Everything progressing |
favorably. Felt it important that I should
return to my headquarters to transact neces-
aary business

“Wl return if necessary later. Supplies of
all kinds are arriving at Galveston as rapidly
as the few boats available can ferry them across
the hay.

“Syetematic aaarch of wreckage is constantly
adding to death Ust Sanitary conditions
carefully watched and all possible precautions
taken againat fire

“Food supply ample No suffering for sup-

lien of anv kind More physicians than pa-
Tanta medical supplies abundant and dis-
infectants in large quantities constantly ar-
riving

“fave aided authorities in every possible
war. but have carefully avoided interference
with committee in charge appointed by Maror
of Galveston and State officials appointed by
Governor of Texas, with whom I have earnestly
coéperated ”

GAIWVFSTON THANKS M'KINLEY.

Message from Mayor Jones on the National
Government's Prompt Ald.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 17—The following de-
spatch has been received from Mayor Jones
of Galveston, addressed to the President

“The people of Galveston, through me, de-
sire to return their sincere thanks for the great
interest you and the United States Govern-
ment, through you, have manifested in their
behalf in their hour of trial While their sul-
ferings are indescribable, yet they have ever
in their minds the great Government which
never fails to reapond to the distress of its
cltizens, and they also know that at the head of
that Government is an upright, Christian
gentleman, whose every effort is to relieve
tye distress with all the means and power at
his command ”

GIFT OF $10,000 FROM TAMMANY.

the Extcative Committee fer the
Galveston Sufferers.

The Tammany Executive Committee met yes-
terday afternoon at the Fourteenth street wig-
wam and on motion of Richard Croker voted
to give $10,000 out of the overflowing treasury
tothe Galveston relief fund) Mr Croker madea
little speech urging the cominittee to make
the contribution n the course of it he said
thal Taramany was always ready and gladto
do all that it could to relfeve suffering, and he
said that the Galveston disaster was of such
a character that every individual and every

ciety. ought contribute something to aid
the sufferers e vole in favor of the dona-
Uon was unanimous.

Made by

janend A

| rane,

lat Malta and the tug Sebago

*'MISS SOUTHGATE BETTER:

BRITISH RELEASE BOER GENERAL.

| Bcheeman Had Been Pat iu Jail at Barberton

WILL BE CALLED AS A WITNESS AT
THE BAKBOUR INQUEST.

Pelice Decide Not to Arrest Her, but She Will
Be Kept Under Surveillance -Ballet Which
Hit Her tn Breast Has Not Heen Re-
moved—Friend Says Barbour Was Crazy.

The inqueatinto the death of Henry Grosvenor

Barbour will be held by Coroner Burger of

Brooklyn just as soon as Helen Southgate, the

young woman who had agreed to die with him,

is able to leave the Seney Hospital. This ought
to be within two or three days, as Miss South-
gate was much improved yesterday and ts
rapidly getting stronger Dr. George fh. Fow-
ler, who is attending Miss Southwate, said yes-
terday that he had traced the bullet to a point
in the muscles of the back nea: the spine, and
that for the present he would leave it there

The published story that the young woman had

been operated ou and the bullet removed was

denied by Dr. Fowler

Capt. Dunn of the Adama street station,
who said on Sunday that Miss Southgate would
be arrested as soon as she left the hospital

and charged with attempted suicide, had a |

with Coroner's Clerk
Kelly and Assistant

frey. At the end o
stated that the you
arrested but would be
She is needed aaa witness at the inquest.

conmiltation nistant

the conference it was
woman would not be
ept under surveillance.
The

| Seney Hospital authorities again gave orders

be allowed to see Miss
South@ate, and althoug! several called t
inquire for her they were not admitted. So
far as the police are concerned the case is at
of the mystery that surrounded
it at first has been cleared up, and nothing
remains but the formality of an inquest.

A business man of this city who was a class-
mate of y arbour af Trinity College an

moet int te friend here sal

t the act of the young man was
gimly unexplainable to those who knew him.

e

d;
Pent seen Flenry ) three weeks and
cannot aay what hie mood was when he com-
mitted this crime, but I want to @ay that in all
the time I knew him I never knew him as a
morose or a sullen man. On the contrary, he
was brightand cheerful. He was not an atheist
as far as I ever knew. and I think that in all
the vears of our friendship I would have kuown
f. it tf he was a non-believer, he whole matter
k

yestorday that Do 9

s beyond the explanation of any man who
new Henry, and #0 I think that there Is only
one conclusion for me to come to, and that is
that Henry was a hinatio.”

FOX TERRIER ON THE RAMPAGE.

Bites Four Personsin Plainfield and Is Clubbed |
| tng the Governor to pardon any one convicted

to Death.

PLAINVIELD, N. J., Sept. 17.-—A fox terrier
bit several persons and many dogs {n and about
Plainfield yesterday. The dog came from
Scotch Plains. Julia Rowley, daughter of Frank
Rowley of Sycamore avenue was bitten twice
in the hand Miss Nellie Messenger, an ope-
rator at the telephone office, was bitten in the
leg and John Kengedy of Somerset street was
bitten {n the hand Miss Tillie Mulford was
also bitten in tha ankle The dog made a dash
at Albert 4 Leader, a New York printer living
in Duerr street, and tore his trousers A stout
cane saved Leader from further injury The

nimal waa killed by Marshal Fromona of North
Plaintiela. who beat it to death with his club
This morning Mr. Rowley took his daughter
to the Pasteur Institute, New York, for treat-
ment. He also took the body of the dog there
to ascertain whether it had had the rabies

BMPLOYEES NEGLIGENT.

The Corener Holds Train Hands Responsibie
for the Kenstco Wreck.

Waitk Piatvs, N. Y., Sept. 17.—Coroner
Charles Birch filed his verdict to-day as to the
cause of the railroad accident in which three |
men lost their lives in a rear-end collision at |
Kensico depot, on the Harlem Railroad, on the
night of Aug 21 last. The men who lost thetr |

Mves were William Lauterbach, dohn )}
brake-

e Ineer

Abriel

Cassidy, fireman, and William H.
man

Coroner Birch holds that the accident was |
due to the negligence of the emplovees on the

train that stood in front of ree eotee
train o .
|

Donovan, the rear brakeman o

and Frank Draper, the conductor of the train
Under the law Frank Draper and Donovan are
criminally liable, and their

arrest: may follow.

RELIEF FOR OTHER SUPFERERS.

Reportéd Destitute Abong
Texas Coast Region.
AvaTin, Tex., Sept. 17.—Capt. L. P. Seiker.
Quartermaster of the Texas Rangers, returned
to-day from Alvin and Ageltown, where he
has been directing the work of distributing

food supplies among the storm sufferers. He
reports great destitution among thousands of
homeless people in these towns and srough
a wide region adjacent to the coast. @ Bays
that their wante are being relieved as the sup-
plies of food and clothing are coming in rapidly.

Thousands the

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— These army orders were
tasued to-day

Acting Assistant Surgeon John F. Dunshie, from
Fort Leavenworth to bis home, New Orleans, for an-
nulment of contract

The resignation of First Lieut. Louis F. Ail, Fourth
Infantry, accepted

First Lieut. August C. Nissen, Sixth Cavalry,
designated as Quartermaster at Fort Wright, Wash-

ington
Gajor Féward E. Dravo, Commissary of Subsiet |
enee. from San Francisoo to Governors Island, as
Chief Commissary of the Department of the Fast, re
jeving Major David L. Brainard, Commissary of
ubsiatence

These naval ordere have been issued:

Lieutenant-Commander A. Ward, to home and
walt orders \nstead of the Naval Academy.

LieutenantCommandert J Orebard, from the
Baltimore to home and thence to Naval Academy.

Lieut. F. Marble, from the Baltimore to home and
walt ordere ingtead of to the Naval Academy.

Lieut. W. R. M Field, from the Naval Academy to
command of the Alvarado.

Ensign A. F. Kalbach, to the Naval Academyg tn-
stead of to duty on board the Indiana.

Naval Cadet .!. EF. Mathew
three months when discharge

sick leave
from New

tanted for
fork Hos-

‘tal.
° Chaplain L. P. Rennolds, from the Monadnock to
the Newark.

Montgomery Ordered Ont of Com-
mission.

Wasmrnoton, Sept. 17.—Orders were tssued
to-day placing out of commission the cruiser
Montgomery of Admiral Schley's squadron
on the South Atlantic station. The vessel
will undergo general repairs before being again

laced in commission. Meanwhile it is the in-
fention of the Department to replace her on
the Sou Atlantic squadron by assigning
the cruiser Atlanta to Admiral Schley's com-
mand. The Atianta has fust had extensive
repairs at the New York Navy Yard, and th
order placin her in commission was issue
Baturday. The Atlanta has been out of vom-
mission about three years. She will be in com-
mand of Capt. H. C. Pendleton, who was re-
cently superintendent of the Washington Navy
Yard. Commander John P. Merrill, who has

en in command of the Montgomery, has
n placed on waiting orders.

Cralser

Secretary ef Tegation Jones Drowned.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.—Francois 8. Jones,
fiecretary of the American legation at Buenos
Ayres, Argentine Republic, was swept down a
stream near Edgehill, Va., on Saturday while
attempting to drive across it and was drowned.

r. Jones was a native of Loulsiana, 36 years
old, and was educated at Peenoere He en-
tered the Department of State as a clerk in iss
upon clyi] service examination and wag pro-
moted through the various grades until 1897,
when he was appointed Secretary at Buenos
Ayres.

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHINOTON, Sept. 17.—The gunboat Wil-
mington has arrived at Colonia; the cruiser
New Orleans at Taku; the collier Alexander
at Galveston
The gunboat Castine has sailed from Amoy
for Manila; the collier Saturn roe Aden for
Singapore: the training ship onon@ahela
from Lisbon for Madeira

Populations of the Cities,

WASHINGION, Sep!. 17.—These populations
were announe dby the Census Bureau to-day:

La Crosse, Wis., 28,895; incr ase, 3,805, or 15.17
per cen

Augusta, Ga.,,
per cont

Flizabeth, N, J.,
38 04 per cent

South Omaha, 26,001;
222 51 per cent.

89,441, Increase, 6,141, or 18.44

52,180, {norease, 14,366, or

inorease, 17,938, or

Stenegraphio and = Typewriting
Compery.

ALBANY, Sept. 17 Col. “Abe” Gruber is one
of the incorporators of the Lawyers Steno-
graphic and lypewriting (Company, organized
to-day with a capital of $25,000. The company
will operate in New York city an employment
bureau for stenographers ty pewritern, report
ere and accountants and deal in stenographers
and typewriters’ supplies

Lawyers

istrict Attorney MoCal- |

' Bond said that the

for Refusing to Break His Parole.
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN.

[OnpDoN, Bept. 17.—The War Office has re-
osived the following from Lord Roberts, dated
Machadodorp, Sept. 15

“French reports all quiet at Barberton.
Among his prisoners are the Landroat of that
place and Commandant Van Der Post, the late
chairman of the Orange Free State Raad

“Gen. Schoeman was found in jail at Barberton.
He fought against us at Coleaberg and sur-
rendared to French when we occupied Pretoria
He was tried by court-martial and put in prison
by the Boers for high treason, his crime being
hia refusal to break his parole

“A party of Boers belonging, it ia believed,
to the commandos which surrounded Lady-
brand appeared near Brandfort with a view to
destroying the rellway. Keily-Kenny at once
strengthened the several posts between Smaal-
des! and Bloemfontein and communicated
with Macdonald, the commander of the Righ-
land brigade of Aunter's division. Hunter
was about to carry on a campaign against these
bandas of roaming Free Staters.

“On Sept. 18 Macdonald crossed the south
bank of the Vet River, near Tafelkop, on the
Wynburg-Bloemfontein road, and came in
contact with the enemy eight miles west of that
place He drove them northward across the
Vet River and pursued them in that direction
along the Wynburg-Smaaldeel Railway. The
enemy retired in great confusion and the road
was atrewn with things thrown away by them
in their hurried filght. Seven Boers ware
captured. Macdonald also captured 31 wagons,
970 trek oxen, 6 cases of dynamite anda quan-
tity of gun and rifie ammunition, groceries,

| blankets and clothing. Wehad no casaltics

“Paget arrived at Hebron, northwest of Pre-
toria, yesterday afternoon, having driven off
the Boers. During his march from Pienaars
River station he captured 10 prisoners and
1,000 cattle.”

CAPE COLONY TREASON BILL.

Afrikanders Deflant in a Discussion of a

Pardon Clause.

Special Cadle Despaich to THER SUN.

Carz Town, Sept. 171 -—There was a some
what heated scene in the House of Assembly
to-day, the occasion being the report on the
Treason bill. Ex-Prime Minister Schreiner
moved the adoption of a new clause authoriz-

of treason when the Legislative Council and
the House of Assembly adopted a joint reso-
bution requesting it

Mr. Rose-Innes, Attorney-General, sald that

such a@ clause was entirely unnecessary as the |

Governor had a constitutional right to grant

| pardons

Mr. Sauer and Mr. Merriman, who were Com-
missioner of Public Works and Treasurer re-
spectively in the Schreiner Cabinet, seized the
opportunity to discredit Mr. Schreiner, stating
that he was throwing obstacles in the way of
pardon

Thereupon the President of the Afrikander
Afrikanders wanted no
pardon. After conviction they would sooner
bear the punishment imposed on them than to
beg for pardon. Several Afrikander speakers
deolared that Mr. Schreiner was attempting
to throw dust in the eyes of the Afrikander
party.

Mr. Schreiner replied that this was an er-
ample of how a man might serve and be served.

The House refused to accept the clause. The
bill will be reported for ite third reading on
Friday.

There is rome doubt concerning the report
of Gen. De Wet's death, which was reported
by a Kaffir a few days ago. A Boer who has
brought ten sick Seaforth Highlanders from
Heilbron to the Vredefort road states that
Gen, De Wet is at Heilbron, and that it was by
his order that the Highlanders were sent in

A force of colonials has left Flandsfontein
for the purpose of clearing the country in the
northern part of the Orange River Colony.

SECRETARY REITS'S FLIGHT.

Bas Taken to the Hills—Many Boers Arriving
at Lorense Marques.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LORENZO Mangus, Sept. 17 —British troops
are expected to arrive at Komatipoort at any
time now. State Secretary Reite is reported
to have gone to the hills
Smal!) parties of Boers are continually arriv-

ing here, They say they are anxious to see
the war fin'slied, as a further strugg'e is ap-
parently hope'ess

ARUGER TO ASK FOR HOME RULE,

Vermer Transvaal President Is Expected te Ge
to Naples.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lowpon, Sept. 17.—It is reported from Paris
that the consul of the Transvaal at Naples is

paking arrangements for the reception of
resident Kriiger, whose m to Euro

will demand inistrative home rule for the
two republics under the political suzerainty
of Great Britain.

Black Dress
Goods Dep't.

Fancy Weaves from $1.00 to
$4.25 a yard, many of them
exclusive.

Stripe Satin Cloth... .. $3.00
PlainSatinCloth,$1.50 to $2.75
Satin Soleil... . $1.00 to $1.50
Satin Venetians, $1.50 to $2.75
Satin W hipcords, $1.50to 2.25
Silk Warp Henriettas,1.25 to3
Imperial Serges.. . $1.50 to $2

Fine French Camel's Hair,
’ $1.50 to $2.75.

New Stripe Zibeline.. . .$1.50
Fine German Whipcords,
$1 to $2.25.

French Serges. . $1.25 to $2.50
Cheviot Zibeline. .$1.25 to $3
All Wool Cheviots... 50c. to $2
Storm Serges. . . §0c. to $1.25
Pebble Cloths. ..., .$1 to $2
Camel's Hair Zibelines,
$1.50 to $3.

Camel's Hair Cheviots,
$1.25 to $2.50.
Venetian Cloths... ..$1 to $3
47-inch Imported Armures, $1
Granite Weaves ..7 5c. to $1.90
SHATHSRIN, cc cceescsccees 8
English Mohiir,37 %c. to$1.65
Mourning Crépe....$2 to $8

We sponge and re-finish
all our goods free of charge.

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

| chard to succeed Justice Dugro

THE BATTLE IN BROOKLYN.

Republicans Are Planning to Sweep Kings for
McKinley.

The Republican Executive
Brooklyn mot yesterday afternoon at the Joral-
emon street headquarters, and had a two hours’
discussion over the plans for running the cam-
paign. Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff, fresh from a
successful campaign trip through three or
four counties in the State, who is especially
interested in the showing Brooklyno will make
onelection day, was on hand, and outlined some
new methods for carrying on the big political

battle. Chairman Walter B. Atterbury éaid
at the close of the meeting that the committee
had devided to keep these matters secret until
they were developed during We progress of
the campagn

Mr. Woodruff told the committeemen that
the outlook in the State from his observations
was most encouraging, bit at the same time
warned them against overconfidence Mr.
Woodruff will resume his speaking tour through
the State to-night, and will not return to Brook-
lyn for three weeks Next Saturday night
Brooklyn will be all alive with Republican
enth lism Arrangements have been mado
to hold simultaneous mass meetings in each
of the twenty-one Assembly diatricta. The
speakers will include all the (ongressional,
Senatorial and Assembly candidates, and half a
dozen or more outside speakers of national
prominence

GOLD DEMOCRATS GETTING TO WORK,

They Will Open Headquarters itn Indianapolis
This Week.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Sept. 17.- The National
Committee of the Gold Democrats will open
headquarters this week in rooms 416 and 418,
Indiana Trust Building. The committee isin
correspondence with a man from outside the
State who will have charge. John P. Frensel,
secretary, who has just returned from Ashe-
ville, N. C.. said this afternoon that the arrange-
menta for the coming of this man would be
closed by Wednesday or Thursday at the latest

The principal work at the headquarters will
be the promotion of the organization of Sound

Money Clubs, through which there will be a |

distribution of appropriate literature. and the

completion of arrangementa for the appearance |

of such speakers as can he secured

The committee is assured that John P. Irigh
of California will make a number of speeches
before the end of the campaign. InIndiana he
will speak here, at Fort Wayne, South Bend
Evansville and Anderson. Mr. Frensel said that
J. H. Eckels, Comptroller of the Currency un-
der Cleveland, has placed his services at the
disposition of the committee. He will also
appear in Indiana

PATTERSON AND BLANCHARD
Republicas Supreme Court Candidates—Tam-
many's Attitade Uncertain.

The Republican County Convention will meet
to-morrow evening in Murray Hill Lyceum
and adjourn At the adjourned meeting it
will renominate Justice Edward Patterson for
Supreme Court and will nominate Justice Blan-
Justice Pat-
tersons friends, it was said yesterday, have not
received any assurance from Tammany Hall
that Tammany will nominate him, but they
have no definite information on the subject and
don't care to talk about it

The convention will also nominate a candi-

| date for Judge of the City Court under the law
Assemblyman |

adding one Judae to that court
Green is slated for the Taminany nomination
for this post. The Republicans have no can-

didate yet

Postal Political Propaganda.

A postal card was received at Republican
National Headquarters yesterday bearing this
legend

° TAMMANY HALL

POLITICAL TRUST
ollee Protection
iiiegy Shops
»»| Rooms
and
itting up the
rice of lee

upon the
udite

Nominated for the Senate.

The Republicans in the Second Senate dia-
trict met yesterday at Mineola and nominated
William W. Cocks, a farmer of Westbury, for
the Senate. Mr. Cocks is Highway Commis-
sionerand Trustee of Hompetead The hom-
inating speech was made by William J. Youngs,
secretary to the Governor. Ex-Senator Jon
Lewis Childs was a candidate for the nomina-
tion, but his name did not go betore the
convention.

Dry Goods Men's Noonday Meetings.

The Wholesale Dry (ioods Republican Club }
began the -econd week of its nooniay meetings |

yeeterday with a crowded house at its head-

quarters, in the Jaffray Building, Rroadway |

and Leonard street. The principal speaker was
John Barret, ¢x-Minister to Siaw o-uay the

Committee in |

|
|

 

me ‘ting w || be addressed by Henry Powers of |

Massachusetts,

Fourteenth Congress District.

The Republicans in the Fourteenth Congress
district opened headquarters yesterday at Sev-
enty-ninth str et and Amsterdam avenue, from

which the campaign of Wi iam H. Douglas will
leoco ducted, The headquarters will ue open
until electionday. Mr. Doiglas willbe atthe
headquarters every morning and evening.

No Citizens’ Union Candidate in the 1Oth.

Thirty members of the Citizens' Union met
jaat evening at the 8 erman Square Hotel and

de ided by a vot: of 17 to. 18 not to nominate a
oandidate for the Assembly in the Nineteenth
district this fali, but to support the man they
like best

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

President Vreeland of the Metropolitan Street Rail
way Company has put two new air wer cars on
regular service on the ‘lwenty- third street cross-
town line

A hoisting derrick on the new Antic Mutual In*
surance building now building at Wall and William
streets fell yesterday, crashing througb the fourth
and third floors and stopped on the second.

The United States began sult yesterday in the
United States District Court to forfett the $1,300 worth
of Jewels found upon the person of c Kaufman,
who arrived from Lremen on the Hamburg-American
liner Lahn on Sept. 6

The calender in Partl of the General Sessions
broke down again, yesterday, Assistant District
Attorney Mcintyre explained that the Judges had
disposed of so Many cases this summer that thera
waa little work forthe District Attorney's oMce, Moat
of the cases still to be tried are ball cases.

The Anchor Line steamship Astoria, which arrived
yesterday from Glasgow and Moville, was detained
at Quarantine six hours while her passengers were
inspected. There were two deaths on the voyage
Mra Catherine Reilly, 4 saloon passenger, died of
heart disease on Sunday, And yesterday morning,
ust before the ship got into port, an infant named

nger succumbed he bodies were brought bere

here was po other sickness aboar*

Ashore

or at sea, in damp
weather or fair, the biscuit
or wafers packed in the ‘‘In-er-
seal Patent Package’’ are always
delicate, dainty, crisp. The best
products of the best bakers are sold
in the ‘‘In-er-seal Patent Package’’—
Soda Biscuit, Milk Biscuit, Butter
Crackers, Saltines, Banquet Wafers,

Sultana Fruit,

Graham Biscuit,

Sea Foam, Oatmeal Biscuit,
Ginger Snaps, Handmade
Pretzelettes, Vanilla

Wafers.

MATIONAL BISCUIT

COMPANY.

—-

™ FORSYTHE WAIST

IN FLANNEL.

THE CORRECT thing for School, Golf, House, Street, Outing, Steamer, Mountain,
Travelling; sizes, 32 to 44.

French Flannels,
$

new Fall Styles, plain colors, in forty shades, Doeskin finish,
our own especial dyes,

.00

French Flannels, silk embroidered dot, in self and contrasting colors,

English Flannels,
Scotch Tartans

of the famous Scottish Clans.

in London stripes and plaids, rich and beautifully blended
colorings, very stylish.

are particularly attractive, and are in great demand for Golf
and all outdoor sports, as they represent twenty-eight Tartans

67:00

These waists are simply unapproachable in style and quality.

MADE

KY

JOHN FORSYTHE,

THE WAIST HOUSE,

865 BROADWAY,

HET. 17TH AND istH STS.

Mail orders carefully filled.—Write for samples.

LALLY MADE A DEPUTY FIRE CHIEF.
Fought for Promotion for Years tn and Oat of
the Courts—Once Hoped to Be Chief.

Chief Thomas Lally of the Fifth Battalion was
promoted yesterday to be a deputy chief of the

Fire Department to fill the vacancy catised by the |

death of Deputy Chief Delahanty of Brooklyn
and Queens. Commissioner Scannell made the
promotion on the recommendation of Chief
Croker, selecting Lally’s name from
position on the eligible list, Chief Lally was

assigned to the Ninth Division, which includes |

several miles of territory in Brooklyn and
Queens. His headquarters will be in Central
avenue in Brooklyn.

For years Chief Lally has vainly fought for
promotion. Chief Bonner, when he was in
command of the Department, did not approve
of Lally’s ambition. While Bonner waa still

| chief an examination was called for deputy

chief but Lally declined to enter therace. His
friendsasserted that Richard Croker had prom-
ised him that he should be Bonner's successor and
he would be Chief of Departnent or nothing
As @ result of this examination chiefs kdward
F. Croker, William Duane aud Samuel Duff of
Brooklyn became deputy chiefs.
Bonner was retired and
moted to Chief of Department an examination
was held for deputy chief and Lally entered it
He finished third in the race but contended that
he was rated unfairly. He applied to the courts
to compel the Civil Service Commission to
change his record rating and to place him
ahead of chiefs Ahearn and Cashman who pre-
ceded him. The case was decided adversely to
Lally. Ahearn has since been made a deputy
chief

Chief Lally was the senior chief of battalion
He entered the Department as a fireman fn
1870, was made an assistant foreman in 1873
and in !881 took command of a Som pane He
was promoted to chief of battalion three years
later

“{ consider Chief Lally @ mode! fireman,”
said Commissioner Scannell after the pro-
motion, and Chief Croker echoed his senti-
mente

Capt. James Cummings of Engine Company
103 of Brooklyn was made a chief of battalion
esterday in place of the late Battalion Chief
Lane. who was killed by a trolley car two weeks
ago Chief Cummings was assigned to the
command of the hirty-sixth Battalion in
Brooklyn. He has been a fireman since 1885

BRITISH GARRISON IN DANGER,

Besteged by the Boers Near Vryburg--Relief
Force Starts.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
TONDON, Sept. 17-—News has been received
from Cradock, Cape Colony, that the British
garrison at Schweizerrenneke, which is situated

in the southwestern corner of the Transvaal, |
about thirty-five miles from Vryburg, the cap- |

ital of Bechuanaland, has been surrounded

by Boers for two weeks

ifies has started to ite relief

Captive Rattlesnake Dead of Starvation.
A seven-foot diamond-back rattler which be-

longed ‘o a collection of snakes kept at the |

Carnegie Laboratory on East Twenty-sixth
atreet ded of atarvation on Sunday. The snake
was the property of lL. Gold am. who is inter-
ested in snake | lfee and the cures for them. He

han been making some experiments and hada |
number of venemois snakes on hand for this |

purpose. Thera'tler was a fine, able-bodied
specimen obtained by (Giodham
South. Ashort time agoittsickened, and re-
fusing to eat anything aled

second |

| Island, at 7 o'clock last night.

When Chief |
“hief Croker was pro- |

| mission must

The garrison is strong- |
ly intrenched, and a force of Cape Mounted |

from. the |

SODA WATER CLERK KILLED.

Hollister’s Body Found Beside the Erie Rall-
road Tracks.

RvTHRRFORD, N. J, Sept. 17.—The body of

@ man was found on a siding near the Erie

freight house at this place at 20'clock this morn-
ing He had been killed by the cars. Several
pawn tickets were found in his pockets made

| out to Charles Hollister, New York

The body was identified as that of Charles
Hollister, head soda water clerk at Perry's
phermacy in the Pulitzer Building. Hollister
eft for Rutherford on Saturday night with
several friends. It is sup
after me Wale to ew Yor
step, fell under the wheele. He boarded at
129 West Thirty-fourth street. He was 20
years old

SEWER GAS BLAZED UP,

sed that he

Boys at Stapleten Tossed a Match Down a
Manhole—All Barned.

Frank Butler, Edwin Burkhardt and Rich-
ard Fair, boys 12 years old, were playing with
matches in Brewster street, Stapleton, fidten
‘hey gathered
about a sewer manhole to light a bonfire and
one of them dropped a lighted match into
the sewer. An explosion followed, which
shook nearby houses ‘and alarmed the ocou-
pante A column of fire rose from the man-
iole, setting fire to the clothing of the

8,
| alngeing their hair and eyebrows and slightly

burning their hands and faces.

The Rev. Dr. Sample Resigns His Pastorate.
The Rev. Dr. Robert F. Sample, pastor of
the Westminster Presbyterian Chureoh, 216

West Twenty-third street, presented his resig-
nation to his congregation on Sunday morning.
He announced at the time that a meeting of
the congregation would be held on We v
evening, Peer 26, when he hoped that they would
unite with him in his request to the Presbytery
to act favorably upon his resignation, r.
Sample will a capt an offer from Lincoln Oollege.
Pa, to act as its representative. His duties
will be to interest th din the
college's work, the education
through the religious prese and other agencies,
Dr. Sample came to this city several yeare ago
from Minneapolis. A year ago he was o nm
Moderator of the General Assembly, and he
served In this capacity during the Warevawiak
and MecGilfert cases

Special Course in Hespital Eoenomics.

Columbla University will establish this fall
a spectal course tn hospital economics at the
Teachers’ College. The course ia for trained
nurses who want to become hospital super-
intendents or principals of nurses’ training
echools. Miss Annie I, Alline will have gen-
eral supervision and the oandidates for ad-

resent a recommendation

the Board of Examiners of the mert Yo
ciety of Superintendents of Training Schools
for Nurses. They must have undergo an
approved course in @ secondary achookt college
or normal school. Special lecture courses in
connection with this new addition to the work
of the Teachers’ College have been arranged,
and there will also be laboratory work.

e outside wo;

OBITUARY.

James C Hay, @ veteran of the Mex
War, died in Anaheim, Cal, yesterday, He
was a member of the New York Police
Commission under Mayor Wood and dur-
ing the occupation of the City of Secttes
served as P ovost Marshal. He was a member
of the Fourteenth Tennessee

Gen. William Henry. Browne, who served
with distinction in the Mexican and Civi) wars
and was a leading member of the Washington
bar, died at Charleston, W. Va.. on Saturday,
at the age of 78

They

yourself.

merits.

Most everybody knows
something about

Old Virginia Cheroots a

as 300,000,000 of them are being @
smoked this year. Ask anybody about .
them, if you have never smoked them gy

have made their @

own reputation and their own place @
in the cigar trade, wholly on their
hree good smokes for five

cents, and no waste !

Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroots smoked this
year. Ask your own dealer

Price, 3 for 5 cents, ‘

GEOROROROROHOACHAOROR OHO
‘

oe
and, missing the