»
,

 

S

 

 

——_—_—_—_——— oe

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1909.

   

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

 

DAILY, per Month
DAILY, per Year

SUNDAY, per Year teovercoee
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month.....

Postage to foreign countries added ;
Tue BUN, New York City.

Panta Kiosque No. /2,
Mloaque No. 16, Rovlevard des Capucines

It our friends who favor

 

a

2, near Grand Hotel, and

us with manuscripts for

 

deliberate insult, had he not mercifully
ascribed it to” that lack of all sense of pro-
priety of which Mr. Linco.n’s conduct
exhibits so many curious Instances.”

What a portrait, eelf-drawn! Thirty-
six years of subsequent experience have
not ehanged Mr. Scucns in the least. Ie
has been volunteering his advice ever
since then on all possible occasions; and

    

go no | when it has not been followed, he has by

* 8 man or men rejecting or ignoring it. Ke-
, cently the critic and censor of President

the same characteristic processes formed
his personal conclusions concerning the

LINCOLN has devoted hia attention to Presi-
dent McKInury.

 

Seven Weeks to Election

The nearer the election approaches the

publication wiah to have reseried articita returned, hY | more manifest it becomes that the one

must in all cases send slamps fer thal purpos

The Bill of Rights.

 

A short and as yet but little-noticed
ase in President McKiniey's letter
we hits the anti-imperiaitat
the Republican polley
It ls @ quotation walting for the national! decision of seven
from the report of the Taft Commlssion | weeks from to-day

of acceptance,
agitation against
equare between the eyes.

in the Phillippines

©The creation of central government #

tution are to be secured to the pe
pines, will bring to them contentment,
education and political enligh tenment

"The power of Congress,” said Mr June
is general and plenary
Juatice WAITE,
vold act of the ‘Territortal
void ™ |
} onan uncertainty in assuming the election
lof Mr. McKiniey, which makes impossible

tice BRADLEY, ”
* Congress,” said
“may make a
Tegislature valid and a
To what extremne Congress
Ulsregarding, not only
spirit of the Constitution has never
determined, for the reason that Congress,
in the exercise of its |
over territories has
jealously the Bill of Rights,
Conatitution's earlier amendments,
The Republican Administration
to this policy. The person and propert

Chief

valid act

always

of the Filipinos, governed as they now

e merican sovereignty without
are under A are not only | 4nd the sole decision for which it walts

the consent of AGUINALDO,

inoomparably safer than they would be
but over

under a ‘Taga! government,
them there have been apread the safe-
guards of the United States Constitution.

Consequently, with the Constitution's
fundamental principles of justice thus
extended to the Philippines,

left for anti-imperialist argument but the

ther Congress has the power
question whe' & he matter of | majority in the Senate for its defence

to deal with the Filipinos in t
taxation and government as it has dealt
with the people of every other territory
acquired by the United States. The Demo-
crats say No and the Republicans say
Yes; and unless the Republicans are right,
and the Democrats wrong, every terri-
torial addition to the original thirteen
States has come to us through the
imperialism, and the territories are held
deapotically to-day.
Anti-Imperialism is a sham.

The Great Revolt.

Conservatism, the love of order, respect
for the law, the spirit of prosperity,
trained reason, loyalty to the countrys
flag and the sense of honor all revolt against
BRYAN, He is the enemy of all of them.

Such a candidate should be buried In

November beneath an overwhelming ava-

lanche of American indignation and dis-
gust

 

Short Chapter From the Biograph
of the Flon, Carl Sehurz,

Through the kind partiality of ABRAHAM |

thin etgh-
teen months under which substantially al Ti€h' | aatroug check to enterprise

deacribed io the Hii! of Rights tp the Federal Const: |
yple of the Philip

prosperity,

might go in
the letter but the

been
, actions

jenary authority ‘as a matter of serious business appears in

guarded
found in the | Mowhere is the confidence in the election

holds
y | street,

it “immediately "!
gate of , for Bryan only increase the business dis-
| turbance provoked by his candidacy
show conclusively that there would be a
prolongation of the cause of trouble, in the
event of Bryan's election, after the sharp
crisig which would follow upon such a
calamity

great isaue to be then decided is the question
of the ourrency-—of the standard of value,
Nothing else is “ paramount” in the plat-
form of either party in the thought of the
people and nothing else can be made “ para-
mount" for them by any partisan effort
or any tactics of electloneering.

The business of the whole country ts

Only the prevailing
confidence that ft will be for the preserve-
tion of the gold standard prevents a dis-
But con-
fidence is not assurance and the uncer-
tainty holds back the further leap ahead
which will be made at once such a decision
{s actually rendered, for all other conditions
are favorable

So long as there Is only the hope of the
maintenance of the gold standard, no matter
how strong, there is an element of gambling

its use as a basis for prudent business trans-
This refusal to bet on the election

the paralysis of the Stock Exchange, though

of Mr. McKINLey stronger and more gen-
eral than in the speciulative centre of Wall

fhe whole machinery of business, of
investment and enterprise is now waiting;

is as to the maintenance or overthrow of

the gold standard on the 6th of November
All talk of any other iasue is nonsense,

as every intelligent man knows. Even

supporters of BRYAN like Mr. Scuunz and |

Mr. CocKRAN Confess that it only is “ para-

nothing is | mount” by arguing that even if elected
| Bryan could not upset the gold standard

because, for the time being, there Is a small

They acknowledge that except for the
party of Mr. McKIniry it would be over-
thrown, yet they are asking the people

to defeat that party and put Bryaninthe

White House, along with a majority fn the
House of Representatives pledged to destroy
Of course, such pleas

They

All arguments for the election of Brran

the | on the theory that “imperiallam” is the
“paramount” issue which should deter-
mine the votes of the people have had the
same cone quence
the alarm;
sults may be, they have served to lessen the
chance of such a catastrophe by making all
the clearer to intelligence and common
sense the actually paramount Issue of the
y gold standard,

They have increased
but evil as the immediate re-

No such support of Bryan denies or can

deny that if he was elected he would over- ,
throw the gold standard at the first oppor- |

Linco, Mr. Scuvxz was made a Major- tunity. Itecan only contend that the preser-

General of Volunteers on March 14, 1863.

vation of the country from “ imperialism ”

Thereafter his military record was one of {1s more important than the preservation

personal discontent, quarrels with his
superiors, and petulant criticism of their
character and conduct. As
knows, Gen. Scuvnzs voluntary eensor-
ship extended to LINcoLn himself; and on
one memorable occasion he drew from that
patient and magnanimous soul a rebuke
perhaps unexampled in our history.

Further evidence of Can. ScHvun?’s
attitude toward Lrycotn and his Admin-
{stration at the critical period of the war
for the Union is contained in the two ex-
tracts below from a private letter written
by him in the summer of 1864, to one of
the most eminent men in the nation. We
are pot aware that these extracte have ever
been published

At that time ScHURZ was stationed
at Kdgefield, near Nashville, in Tennessee.

lie was without a command, owing to his

quarrel with Hooker, and his consequent

unwillingness to serve under that Genera). |
He had applied to Gen. SHERMAN for a
his appileation was not
As he was thus out

command, but
favorably received

of the gold standard.

 

“A panic,” said
Mr. Epwarp M. SHEPARD, one of the most

everybody | notable of them, * would be a emall price
to pay for the election of Bryan.”

The nearer the election approaches,
therefore, the clearer and the more general

| becomes the understanding of the country

that the standard of values wpon whose
preservation the security of property and

' the prosperity of business depend is at stuke
ne

The longer Bryan talks, the greater the
activity of his campaign, the louder the

boasts of hla managers the more “ para
mount” does the real issue of the campaign
appear, The attempt to subordinate ir,
to befog it, has made the more
obvious {ts frrepressible preeminence and
its overwhelming importance. long be-
fore the seven weeks now remaining before
the election are over no other iasue will re-
ceive serious thought by any manof really
sane mind or provoke discusslon of any
interest to hin,

only

Newspapers which

| hitherto have been diverting thenwe!lves
| ‘
} or gratifying their mallee by supnoring

of military occupation, and of no service | Bryan, while professing devotlon to 1)

to his country in the field, some of his friends

gold standard, will be forced by this preva-

suggested that he might at least serve the lent and imperious sentiment to disnlay

Union cause in the all-important political
canvass then opening, the campaign for
of his
He
wrote to his correspondent from Edgefield

the reelection of LincoLx. One
reggons for declining ts remarkable

on June 1 1864

The cause we bave to defend is by no means
jnwulperable; or, rather, burdened by a very vulner- | ¢he disablement of Col,

avle Administration.”

And in this same letter

Crenera)
Frem Washington 1 hare ceased to expert any

thing.

Convention would be

Mr. TARCOLN some information and advice

might have been useful © bim and our common cause,

1 asked bim by letter for permission to visit Washing

tom [po offers being permitted to go to Washington

CakL Scucre
proceeded to record his critical estimate of
the great President who had put him tu
the army and promoted him to be a Major-

In March I was on leave of absence in New
York. Foresecing what the resultof the Balimore
and apstous Wo volunteer Ww
that

the flag under which actually they are
fighting, by giving up one or the other

Drevets.

In his report of the Battle of Tientein,
Tieut.-Col. CooLrpor, who commanded
the Ninth United States Infantry after

mends several of the officers of the rev!
ment for brevet commissions

Comparatively few brevet commissions
were bestowed upon officers of our army
untt! near the end of the Civil War. Perhays
the most important brevet given before
the war was that of Lieutenant-General,
bestowed by Act of Congress on WINFIELD
Scorr tn 1855, Just ten years later, on
March 13, 1845, the wholesale diatribtution
of brevets was made by the Secretary of
War, Mr. STANTON, which has left us with
so many Generals and other oflcera who
served during the Rebellion

In 189, after a atruggie lasting some

without specie) authority) in order to bave with him | years, Congress passed an act permitting

en interchange of views on political mattera Mr.

the bestowal of brevets for gallantry in

LINCOLN refused this permission as my presence | Indian warfare. Several brevet commiasions

might be unpleasant to Gen, HALLECK.

“ Not being entirely devoid of a certain kind of pride,
1 might bave taken this as 4 deliberateinsult, bad!
Bot aseribed it to that lack of all sense of propriety
of whied Mr. LINCOLN'S conduct exhibits many

curtous instances ~

under this act were declined by the officers
to whom they were given, for the reason
that the actual rank held was higher than
the brevet rank offered

Al the end of the Spanish war severa!

hundred breveta were recominended by a!

special board of officers, most of them fo:

Such was the altitude of this twisted, | volunteers, but a large number for officers

eaptious, egotistical intellect toward the
great man who, in spite of his infinite kind-

patience,
decline to
listen to Cary Scnunz's frequently rolun-
vent

ness and almoe! inexhaustible
was sometimes compelled to

teered ad\i a on the general
of the affairs

nithiiaeet

f the natior

LANCOLN § Administration was too " vul-
for Carl SOHURS vo undertake
BCHURZ
would have regarded AmsnawaM LINOOLN's

herahie

to defend on the stumn. Cant

Vawillingpess to be lectured by him us

in the army.
the Senate's approval being given to the
proposed brevets: 50 no officer of the army
has as yet received any mark of the ooun-
trys approval of his services inthe Spanish

wal Now Col. CooLibur suggests brevets

for sone twelve oMcers of his regiment
brevets in our army are purely honorary

Unieas a brevetted oMleer is assigned to

duty by hia brevet rank, le receives: no |
extra pay because of it, bor twenty-five |
or nore years, hoy er, the assignment to

 

  

duty of offloers by their brevet rank has

LiscuM, recoim- |

} been liquidated in

Congresa adjourned without |

| edged’

 
   
    

ae

been practically unknown tn our army.
Great Britain is the only other country
in which brevet rank is conferred on offi-
cers; but brevet rank in the British Army
is different from ours, and means much
An officer in the British service

more,

may have two kinds of rank: regimental
and army. ‘The latter is alwaya higher
than the former. The army rank, how-

ever, is in abeyance, so long as a brevetted
oMoer is serving with his regiment by
itself, As soon as his reglinent is brigaded
with another regiment, however, the army
rank revives, and the brevetted officer
takes command according to that rank
over all oficers whose army rank ts lower
than his, even though their regimental rank
be higher. His pay also beoomes that of
hisarmy vank, The British brevet is thus @
distinet and tangible mark of honor

Our volunteer army system as it exists
at present affords a temporary substitute
for the brevet as used in England, If the
British system could be applied to our
regular army, it would make the brevets
of some value, and of much more honor,

| and would cause their distribution to be

made more carefully.

The Mourner at the Feast.

Col. Bryan took his Wave of Prosperity
company a long jaunt last week. From Fort
Wayne he jumped to Toledo, Oolumbus and
st. Lout Kansas City, Leavenworth,
Atchison, St. doe will see and hear him the
present week

In these great, busy manufacturing
and railroad towns, among che rolling
mills and foundries and factories innu-

merable and the workmen with money io
the bank, Wailing WiLtiaAM is about as
appropriate as an undertaker at @ wedding
breakfast

‘Come, my unfortunate friends,” says
the Colonel, and let me show you what 4
bad way you are in. You are not pros-
perous The fruit of your toll Is eaten
by the Trusts and the money changers.
Each one of you ts carrying a soldier on
his back. Imperialisin already caste its
chilling and acoursed shadow over your
lives. Ah, my friends, in the noble words
of the poet,‘ Perish bank and perish traffic!’
The despot’s heel is on your toes. Your
liberties are in peril The Liberty Bell
4; oracked.”

No, Colonel; you are cracked yourself.
The Liberty Bell is all right and so are we

The Doctor.

Dr. Wr.tiaM Everert of Quincy, Maas.,
is one of the few but fit souls that yearn
for Carreny and Hows. He 1s a little
hard to please and greatly prefers nomina-
tions of his own brewing. Beginning
with 1904, he will hold a national convention
of hia own; and we hope that he will be
able to find two citizens so truly good and
reat as to be worthy to be his ticket, Mean-
while he capers gayly up the Alpine glen
of third or thirteenth party isms, shouting
“ Excelsior.”

Although he treats himself to this diver-
sion, Dr. Evererr understands and de-
scribes exactly and candidly the person
to whose benefit the Caffery-Howe vote

' will be, since the supporters of the third

party ticket are gold men. He saya that
Mr. Bryan “ has tried to set section against
section, State against State, class against
class and nation against nation”

utterances and whose measures breathed

more of a spirit of rivalry and antagonism, |

and of that kind of civil war, the war of
class and section, which is worse for us
than any external war.” He appreciates
the disturbing and dangerous tendencies
of Bryan and Bryanism:

“| fear that the causes that made us fear the Demo-
cratic party four years ago
wreck the business interests of the country; the fear
that he would set the farmers against the merchants
the fear that he would set the West against the Hast,
the fear that he would set England against America;
tue fear that he would have a firebrand going all
through the country are not yet dead, are not yeb
removed.”

Yet he will not vote against this dysan-
gelist of class hatred. He is content to
please himself and to gratify his passion
for political isolation. He goes on his
solitary way. The country may be harmed
grievously by Bryan's election, but Dr.
ivpretr will enjoy himself in bis forlorn
hope

{= this patrlotic or is it a luxurious cod-
dling of an exaggerated notion of political
jadependence?

The German Loan.

One year ago on Saturday the weekly re

| turns of the banks of New York, repre-

sented in the Clearing House Association,
alowed that the outstanding loans of these
{jreatilations Were $739,701,000, The prices of
commodities in general since that time
have practically unchanged
those of irom and steel manufactures

! cotton alone
js decidedly in advance of what {t was at
this time last year, but the greater portion
of the rise has come recently, and is
hardly represented as yet in loans to
cotton planters. The clearings of banks
and other mercantile and financial inati-
tutions throughout the country show that
business is not nearly as active now aa it
Was a year ano.

remained

yee of

been simply stagnant. Logically, there-
fore, it would seem as though the loans
made by our banka at the present
time should be much leas than they
were a year ago. According to the state-
ment made on Saturday, however, they
amounted to $825,830,800, an increase of
more than $86,000,000 over last year. With
the circumstances of our interior trade as
deseribed, how can this increase in loans be
accounted for?

rhe increase can be due only to the loans
made by our financiers in foreign markets,
lt is well known that during the last four
years a trade balance has accumulated
in favor of this country  represent-
{ng the increase in the value of mer-
chandiso sent
ever the amount of merchandise imported
from those countries, of over two billion
dollars. A great share of this debt haa
the shape of enles
to us of our own securities held abroad,
and it issaid by those competent to judge
thot the #°olluge supply of such securities
in the hands of foreign holders, that is,
those in the boxes of bankers and in
cther places where they were avail-
able for market purposes, has become
exhaveted, and that the only American
securities now owned abroad are those of
an extremely high class or
character, which remain in private
hands for investment; while even this
quantity is decidedly jess than it was
four years ago. Foreign credit has also
been drawn upon to a large and vart-
ously estimated extent for the purpose of

THE SUN, TUES

= the expenses of our people in
|

| The
He |

“ i }
admits that “ there never was a man whose | 4 ghe}) and retirement in tow of the Hudson

the fear thathe would |

Speculation in Wall Street |
is very dull and has for the last three months |

| heard it years ago at a political gathering

by us to foreign countries j ees of an old farmer present

 gilt- |

  
 
  

  

a C ° me

travel, while a further deduction should be
made for freights and the other expenses of
transporting our goods abroad, most of this
business being controlled by foreigners
When all possible deductions have been
made, however, it {s clear that Kurope is
still vastly in our debt, If loans foreign
bankers did not figure in the Clearing House
statement of Saturday, these loans should,
for the week ending on that day, have shown
a large decrease from, instead of a consider-
able increase over the loans of a year

ago, With this fact as a basis, it may be

estimated conservatively that there is owing |

to our bankers and merchants from foreign
countries a sum not lesa than $500,000,000,
debt, therefore,
Knurope are
bonds,  Fol-

this

countries of
their national
lowing upon the Ruasian loan of $10,-
000,000 came our great purchases of
the British Exchequer bonds, and now @
German loan of $20,000,000, placed entirely
in this country. Gold was sent in part pay-
ment for the Russian and British bonds,
but as our country is one of the largest
producers of gold in the world, the gold
sent was simply a form of merchandise of
which the Russian and British Governments
found they were in need. But the bankers
who have the German loan in charge have
announced that such are our credits In Ger-
many that they do not expect to ship any
gold whatever in payment for the bonds
subscribed for; and it is even stated that
we could have taken two or three times
$20,000,000 worth of German bonds with still

In liquidation of
the different
sending us

| a credit balance to our account in Germany

after the bonds had been paid for and the
transaction completed

All of which is an evidence of the growth
and prosperity of the country.

The cables tell of the financtal troubles likely
to result among the Lancashire cotton spinners
because of the high price of cotton, and of the
vigorous denunciation heard in Manchester and
other centres of the English cotton trade of the
American planters who are getting a high price
for their product, No sympathy need be
wastedon the English cottcn epinners, and tt
is not likely that any willbe. For years and
years they have profited by the exceedingly low
prices for cotton caused by the enormous crops
raised inthe country, and our planters have suf-
fered correspondingly. Now nature has turned
the balance the other way and the Eng ish
sinners must go down into their pockets and
disgore some of their gains of past years, The
severity of their present plight must be tr-
creased by their thought that it could have
been nearly if not entirely averted. Had they
secured thelr usual supply of cotton early last
year at the low prices then prevailing, inst ad
of endeavoring to obtain it at a sitll lower
figure, they would have plenty of cotton on
hand to-day. It is likely t)at the supply of
colton purehased by the English spinners in
the present season will cost them $150,000,000
more than it did in the previc us one

The Hon. CYCLONE Davis has a pleasing vein
of invention. He has been telling his Kansas
hearers that the Chinese Exclusion act has
been suspended so far as the Philippines are
concerned, and that thousands of Chinese la-
borers have been coming to California and
the East. Mr. Davis makes his facts as he
goes along. An indispensable accomplishment
of an anti-imperialist

That there are two sides to everything ts
shown by the news that Spain has just deco-
rated the offloers and men who, in the forte at
Cardena-, repulsed our attack on May 11, 1808
decree conferring the decorations for
bravery recites the event. of the d
by the torpedo boat Winslow, its disablement by

We have been ro oc uried with our own business
of late that ft mav seems range to learn that

Spain found something to commend in its army |

and navy; bit its forts did cruelly good work

| that dav, and the honors bestowed were won

by those who get them.

 

The actors siffer from the theatrival Trust —( ol
BAYAN at St Louls
But the great Nebraska star of the “Curse of

Gold" company ja not suffering.

Col BRYAN has dropped Moses and Nanota

) and is now weeping over ABSALOM ABSALOM Is

paramount with him at presen’; but not ABSa-
Lom, Moses or Nanors is deader than ant!-

imperialism.
—_-:-—_—— eee

Fine Walking.

To THR EvIror OF THE SUN—Siér’ I notice tn
your paper of to-day Mr. Davenport's account«f bis
son's walk from Manitou to the summit of Pike's
Peak, Col,
trip, afoot, indulged in on Labor Day by my seven
teen- year-old boy Carl and his twenty-one-year old
cousin Albert Silber, when they started at 9 o'clock A
M. and walked from Islington, Norfolk county Mass,
to Flue Will; thence stright over
est part of Blue Hill, past the weather sta
tion and down the other side: thenee around
Punkypog pond to Punkypog swamp (the worst
ewamp in Massachusrtis—in fact, a ‘heap sigut'’
worse than Purgatory swamp), forcing their way
ipreagh the three and a third miles of thick, thorny
thicket, where mortal hardly ever dares to penetrate,
thenoe back home by way of the turnpike (the total
distance being twen.y-five miles) and arriving }om
at 6 o0'cok P M The boys ‘felt good" atea
hearty supper and were ready for ‘biz’ next morning
bright and early. The mercury stood between 0)
and 100 degrees in the sbade ail vay

Just a weev later the aame boys started to walk fifty
milea—from Isiirgton to three miles beyond Franklin
andreturn When they had covered thirty mbes of
the distance thetr feet
continue, ao they gave lt up forthat day.
are gong to try WLagain amore:

ISLINGTON, Mass. MILF PICKHARDT,

P.S—Them_ boys ts fiegerin’ on jfolning Unele
fam'sarmy. They wuz raised mostly on oat meal,
beefsteak aud Park apples. E. P.

Mr. S:anchfleld on the Ball Field,

To THE Eprror OF THE SUN—Si#r: Your corre-
apondent, Mr. Hawes, In today's SUN sacrifives bis
torleal truth to score a polnt against (he Democratic
candidate for Governor, ‘Stanch"' never did pitch a
“eurve ball.’ Because of bis inability to doso, his ca
reer asa professional ball player. on which he entere)
immediately on his graduation from college, came to
a sudden and inglorious end and he sought the bub-
bie reputation, denied bim there, in other felds—law
and poililes

It was in 1876 that “Stanch,"' fresh from Amherst,
essayed }) hold bis own ip ihe centre of the diamon
as first pitcher for the newly organises profegsiona
baseball clubat Auburn, N.Y bat same year the
curves which Jimmy Matthews bid invented began
fob ther the hatemen. They were a mystery
*Sianen" apd he bad to step down and make way
for Charley Purroy, the present Deputy Fire Chief of
thie city. who, as an amateur, had sequired the twist

'“Stanch ss Straight balis were ¢asy to getontotn
1476 His polttieal curves are Just as casy tn this
present cain pa gu Quis

Srpr. 17

but they

 

Cow, Calf and Pastare

To THR Enivor or THe SUN—Sé* Apropos of
the I'ttle story of Mrs Fdwin Beckwith tn to-day's
SUN about the cow, the calf and the steer, witha
seasonable application, 1 am reminded of having
“When
aupper ime comes” lost much of its fore: by the loud
“DPon'tthe darn fool

now thata cow and 4 sucking calf are never turned

out {nto the pasture together? Dik Bs

BripPort, Vt, Sept, 13.

Mr. Rryan'’s ChancesAt the Present Time He
Leads in the Running.

uis Mirre

Republican managers may well be (rightened at
the sudden stirring of apaiby into activity among the
Democrats The present indications of polices are
decidedly favorable to the prospects of Mr. Bryan and
his party. Of course. we are told that the business
interests feel pretty sure that President MeKinley
Will be reflected, Dut with all their strength the bual-
ness interests are weak in their very sureness
Machtavrelll Stone of Missourl (n a recent Forum tells
the world that the ratioin the platform is not tInflex
ible, that the Democrats can't du anyibing with the
Senate consifiuted as {ft ts, (hat there is no danger
that the declaration will be enforced Don't
mind us." he says “We don't mean it. We're run-
ning away. but there's a man will stop us down the
street’ This sort of pleading may be ridiculous and
eontemptible to some of us, bul it Las welght with
mans

Promene St

sliver

 

DAY, SEPTEMBER 18,

| eftigens with a sober face that

y, the attack

} cor

This callsto my mind the !ittle pleasure |

the steep. |

esme too badly Dilstered to |

1900.

,

  

ARYAN,
A Gold Nemocrat Tolls Why He ts Against
Him jo 1900 as He Was ta 1896.
Tue Hon, WitiiaM J, Bayan, Lincoln, Neb:

Sir; As I voted the Demooratle ticket for
every Presidential candidate from the eandl-
dacy of Horatio Seymour until your nomina-
ton ts 1804, Lthink myself entitled to address
you as a Democrat and from that point of view
I venture to ask you to tell me what good rea-
son you can suggest why, as @ Democrat, I
should vow vote for you,

In 1806, I voted like thousands of other Demo-
erates for your opponent then and your oppo-
nent now: and asan Ainerican citizen I mustio
candor assert I have found nothing in the Ad
ministration of Me. McKinley to make me re
egret having voted for him

In fact, Pr sident McKinley has surprised me
by the e’neral ability he has displayed in cir
cumstances wholly unanticipated at the time of
it may be, that you would bave
surpassed him, but I must confess I have
searched your public utterances in vain for any
proof that there is in Your composition any
such ability as would have enabled you to
do so.

I voted against you tu 1806 because of your
advocacy of “the free and und nited coinage of
silver at the ratto of 1610 1;'" because I belioved
then, as I belleve now, that any man who as-
sered that such @ reasure would result in per-
manentiy ralsiog the bulll n value of raw allver
toanequallt withi's “Aat value ase in, was
either a knave or a foo!; and | did not belleve
then nor do 1 now that you are a fool. I
belleved then, as I do now, that any one who
advocated such @ measure committed @ orime
against the welfare of all who work for wages
or receive a fixed income of any kind or from
anv source. I have searched io vain for any
evidence tha! you now withdraw any utterance
or disavow any opinion in r-gard to “free +il-
ver” whic!) you expressed tn the Presidential
campaign of 1896, If you have done so it has
e-caped my notice,

You and your followera have endeavored to
conceal your adherence to this worst of all
economic delusions by ralsing other jasues, but
vou will find that the American people, though
they may not be all deer ly versed in the sclenoe
of polities, have gagacity enough to know @
poliiieal trimmer when he endeavors to hide
himself under a cloud of feigned issues. No
amo nt of plaustole talk about “paramount
{msues" will succeed in deceiving any large
humber of American voters. They know an
honest politiclan when they see one, and they
will find you out for what you area eiifty,
vote-se king and hypocritical demagogue-

Then meof William J. Bryan means “!ree
silver’ as <urel’ asthe name of Susan B, An-
thony means “wornan suffrage.” I¢ ie as use-
less for you to attempttocorral the “bard
money" Demooracy by saying nothing about
'"i@ to 1 as it would be for Mi-s Anthony

hie eleetion

t» run for the Presid ney upon any other Issue |

which a po ities! party might frame for her to

catch votes with by suppressing that “para-—

mount sue" which we all know to be nearest
her s«Inc-re ond feminine heart.

Yo! and the fragmenta of the Democratio
party which support your candidacy, with the
a-aistance of the heterogeneous mob of Popu-
lists and ex-Greenbackers with which a tempo-
rary fusion has | een patched up, tell American
“trusts” and
“imperialism” are the “paramount issues’’ be-
fore the people. Neith ryou nor they have
ever yet succeeded in defining the word “trust”

| go that the world might get a clear notion of

what the thing was against which your fulmina-
tions were dir cted

Sixty vears and moreago politicians of your
description were deluding their followers by
similar outburats of uninte'ligent passion against
bankean! bankers, Yet to-day there is scarcely
a backwoodaman soignorant of the financtal
factors making for progress an!) development

as not to know that banking facilities are a ne- |

oessity in every community,

You surely would not pretend that every cor-
poration for the conduct of any kind of bual-
ness Wasa rust’ in its essential mature, yet
vou do not tell us what kind or corporations are
“irusta’’ and which kind are not. If you mean
hy “crosts’ large corporations, how large a
oratonisa ‘trust,’ and how small a one
{- rota “trust?” If you mean that an aggreca-
tion of corporations into one corporation is @
“trust,” and herefore within the range of ycur
denuneations, ean you be fanorant that the
laws of many States, among which are New
York and New Jers-y, as wellas Delaware (and

doubtless others), ex: ressly by their statute |

law authorize the formation of such gorpora-
tions? Do vou, as the representative of the
party of “State's Rights" and “Home Rule,”
seriously pretend (iat the Democratio party
should go down into these States, take from
these autonomous governments the power,
recoghized from the foundation of this republic
os inherent in them, to create these corpora-
tions, and vest such power {n the Federal Gov-
ernment Solel ? Do you seriously pretend tata
{tigen of Nebraska has any legitimate concern
with the kind of corporation the State of New
York may c)oose to create for the purpose, let
us say, of manufacturing soap or st rch?

Intell gent votera would like to hear your
opinions definitely expressed on these subjeote,
but all they succeed in hearing from you are
vague generalizations about “all trusta” being
bad: that “there areno good trusta,"’ &c., but
never the simplest definition of what a “trust”
is. You are nota great lawyer, Mr. Bryan, ond
in all probability never will be, but you are suf-
ficiently versed in the elements of the law to
know that as a legal proposition, ‘strictisaimé
juria’ no such thing asa “trust” now existe in
the United S ates o America and that every

| corporation which does business therein exists

by the anetion and authority of the law of one
State or another

If you were to attempt to define a “trust,” in
all pro) bi ity you would say {t was a corpora-
tion desiizned or ca'culated to producea monop-
oly, but you }ave quite suMctent inteliigsno-,
Mr. Bryan, to know that it would be quiteimp: &
sible for any courtin Christe dom to succeas-
fully inquire into the motiveor effect of the
creation of a corporation. If you were tobe em-
ployed to draw the certificate of incorporation

| of acorporation, most assuredly you would not

insert therein among the purposes o° its
creation, required by the State laws in general,
that o: creating amonopoly. How, then, Mr.
Bryan, would you, if representing the State,
proceed in order to prove thats ich was either
the design or the effect of euch an {noorpora-
tion? Have you any specific by which you can
search the hearts or the consciences of the tn-
corporators in order to discover the ocoult
motives wh'oh lie benind incorporation?

In your public addresses, Mr. Bryan, after duly
excoriating the Repub ican party for being re-
sponsiple for th creation of trusts, for which,
{n fac’, itis no more responsible than you are,
you proceed to the final, and what you pretend
to consider the most iinporiant Issue you and
you “‘;arty" raise agalnet the Adminstration of
Mr McKinley. “Linperialism’'is a name which in
itself implies something abhorrent to Ameri-
cans, jus! as ‘‘(rust’ scems to the ignorant, un-
reasoning publicsome' hi: g quite indefensible.

These are just (he expressions which sult the
designs of just such 4 demagogue as you. They
do away wit! thei convenient neoessities of
argumentation, for they seem ex vt terming to
eliminate the necessi'y for argument,

lf there is such a (hing as “imperlalism" go-
ing on anywhere every worthy Anertcan will
join you in condemning it. But where fa it?
In the Ph liopine islands’ Your reasonable fel-
jow citiz ne find there an armed insurrection
against lawful Av erican authority, and every
competent ( onstitutional lawyer considers our
titie to the Poliippine Islands, through a treaty
which you yourself advocated, Mr. Bryan, as
quite as perfect as that which we acquired to
A'nska through our purchases of that territory
from Russia Your failure to suggest any
met! od of eovern ne these islands preferable to
that whieh the present Administration Is adopt-
ing has been so elaring that it can only add to
the disgust which every American worthy of
the name must feel at the kind of poliuical can-
paigh you are carrying on,

To oppose everything which is, to advocate
everything which is pot, to agcuse the party in

AN ADDRESS TO WILLIAM JENNINGS | power of maladm

 

| clan
| the men be lined up to be counted.

 

inistration without the power
suggest any practicable im-
provement; to use expressiine which are in-
applicable toanything in existence, but “oarry
stump speeohes in their belly” -these are just
the arts, Mr. Bryan, suitable toa demagogue
like yourself, and they are intended, to
delude those who ure more ignorant even
than yourself, But you will find in 1900, us you
found in 1896, that ignorance is not in the ma-
Jority in thes» United States, and the ‘itte red
schoolhouses” throughout the land furnish

or the ability to

| quite sufficient enlightenment to create an aces

quate barrier to designing and dish nest poll-

ticlans like your: elf
You have livedin such an atmosphere of ik-
Dorant adulation, you lave found so many
uneniighte: ed half- ducated people to beten to
your half-baked information that you hove
nearly come to believe yoursef a great man
But the verdict of history yet awaits you, aud
though you inay nol survive to hearitrecorded,
{t le aa certain as fate that {t will point to the
lowest period of desradaion i Atuerioun
polities as that in which @ chariatan and dema-
gogue like Willlam J. Bryan co ild twice receive
the nomination for Presidsnt of the United
Btates at the hands of an histoiie though fallen
political party GOLD DEMUCKAT,
New Youk, Sept. 15.

WRECKS AND LOSS OF LIFE,

Damage by the Hurricene Along the New-
foandiand Coast,
Hatirax, N. 8., Sept. 17 Reports are

coming in of wrecks and loss of life off the Cape
Breton and Newfoundland coasts during the
gale of Wednesday and Thursday, Capt.
Blanchard who arrived here to-day from St

George, reports that the schooner Annie 5 BK

from Halifax, with a general cargo for Bay St

George, was driven ashore at Middlebrook
fifteen miles from St. George harbor, and the
vessel and cargo are a total loss. James But-
ler, a member of the crew, was drowned while
trying to get to shore.

The schooner D, Cronan, from Halifax for
Fortune, N. F., has put in at Lewisburg with
main boom broken. An unknown schooner
is reported lost with all hands off Svatterie

The achooner Greenleaf is ashore and a total
wreck at Magdalen Islands. ‘The crew was
saved. The steamer Francis, which was re-

pairing at Bay St. George, was driven ashore
and is likely to become a total wreck

St. Jonns, N. F., Sept. 17.--From all quarters
of Newfoundland come reports of deva tation
wrought by the storm Inst Wednesday and

Thursday. So far sixty-five schooners are |
reported ashore or foundered, over 100 more
being damaged. Thirty-one lives are reported

 

Joat so far, this small list of fatalities being due
to the fact that moet of the vessels were being
harboved, the fishing being bad. Revera
vessels are still missing, however, Labrador
suffered severely, fishing boats being driven
on the rocks by the score, which, with the fact
that ishing has been bad, makes the condition
of the coast folk pluab In Belle Isle Strait
the whole fishing premises were destroyed.
On the French shore over fifty vessels
battered and ten are a tota! loss
Twenty-four men of the Provincetown fish-
ing schooner Willle McKay landed at
Bulls this morning, their Ship having found-
ered from a buffeting in the storm On Wed-
neaday, Thursday and Friday they drifted
about on the sinking hulk without food, water
or shelter, and only incessant pumping kept
the hulk afloat The crew were ultimately
rescued by the schooner Talisman Gloucester
which landed them. One man. perished of
exposure The crew say the storm murt have
done awful damage on the Banks and are cer-
tain that many vessels have met disaster when

  

| theirs, the finest of the fleet, succumbed

GREEK WARSHIP HELD UP,

Her Captain Complains of a Government
Quarantine Physician,

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 17.—Commander Con-
douriotis of the Greek warship Nauarchos
Mianlis, which arrived here this morning,
is displeased with the physictan in charge
of the Government Quarantine station at Dela-
ware Breakwater. He said that when he ar-
rived there e was asked how many men he
had onboard He replied 215.
refused to believe and demanded that
The Come

mander protested that this would be all right
in case of a merchant vessel, but that it was

in direct opposition to the treatment accorded |

by naval usage to a vessel from a forelen Power
at peace with the country visited and that it
wasinfact abreach of thelaw. Notwithstand-
ing this the physician reiterated his demand
and the vessel being in need of coal the Come
mander was forced to comply. He said he
would bring the matter to the attention of the
Greek Consul-General at New York who would
demand an explanation.

BRADFORD TABLET UN'* EILED

Mayflower Descendants Mark the Estate of
Piymoath’s Second Governor.

Krnoston, Mass., Sept. 17.—Several hundred
members of the National Society of Mayflower
Deacendants came here to-day to unveil a
bronze tablet marking part of the estate of Gov
Bradford. Following is the Inseription on the
tablet

“A portion of the ancient estate of William
Bradford, second Governor of Plymouth Col-
ony. Here also lived his son, William Brad-

ford, Deputy Governor. Presented to the So-
olety of Mayflower Descendants in the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts by those desiring
to perpetuate the memory of their illustrious
ancestor. 1897-1900."

The monument was unveiled by Mrs. Fdward
5 arker of Kingston and Mrs. Susan Barker

Villard of Hingham, lineal descendants of Goy
Bradford. The speech of acceptance was de-
livered by Richard Henry Green of New York,
secretary-general of the national society,

TURKEY WOULDN'T LET WIM LAND.

Armenian-American Saye He Will Complain to
the State Department.

Dr. K. Hi. Mallarian, an Armenian phrsictan of

Detroit, who arrived recently from Constanti-

' nople, told some of his countrymen in the Ar-

menian colony here yesterday that he intended
to call the attention of the American Govern-
ment to what he deems to be illegal treatment
by the Turkish authorities. He says that he is
an American citizen, and that he left this coun-
try a few months ago to visit his father and
other relatives |p Tur a. The Turkish author-
{ties refused to let him land, and he appealed in
vain to the American Chargé d'Affalres at Con-
stantinople, although he proved his American
citizenship. The chief object of his visit was to
bring his old father to America. He declares
that he is not an Anarchist, and that he did not
intend to foment trouble in the Turkish do-
nunion,

NO BRIDGE MOTOR TRAINS YET.

They Will Not Be Ran Till Bridge Employees
Can Operate Them.

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company did not
operate motor car trainson the Bridge yester-
day. This was due to a misunderstanding be-
tween Bridge Commissioner Shea and General
Manager Breckinridge of the Transit Company.

Commissioner Shea wi'l not allow the trains to
be operated unless Bridge employees are in
charge of the inotor_cars. A delay of a week
will result while the Bridge employees are being
taught how to handle the cars

Why He Thinks of Voting for Bryan.

To THR EpIToR OF THE SUN I served
four yearsin the army, and have been farming since,
and un to this time have voted the Republican ticket
butam nowinaquandary, From 4 speculative point
of view, had I better not vote for ryan?

When Cleveland was inl purchased for my farms
2,000 head of sheep and only pald one dollar per
head. Tretatued them un'fl McKinley came in and I
sold them for $4.25 per head, after taking off the
wool, Now lam out of stock, ard if Hryan ts elected 1
might again stock upat $l sheep. See the point?

WAILESBORO, Iad., Sept 15. VETERAN

-~Sir:

 

Ranch Girl and Dude to Be Blessed.
From the Chicago Inter Ocean

Ranchman and mililonaire W. ©. MeDonald of
Van ‘Tacsel, Wyo, is not seeking vergrance
upon the man who eloped with bis daughter On the
eontrary, he fs try'ng to find the couple with the view
of giving them his blessing andafair shareof bis
fortune, ‘*! suppose that young dude my gal married
fs afraid I'll kill bim,"’ sald the wealthy ranchman
afier reaching Omaha ‘‘but he needn't be,
when I found my Gal receiving the visits
dude | awore | would fill him ot holes

 

Of course
f the lithe
if hedidn’s

' etay off the ranch, but of course | didn't mean it
What sults my gal sults me, anywa lam ¢ ing to
Give my gel a cheek for $10,000 wherever Lond

them, and make ber come home and live on the ranes
with her dude. Of course, he is n0 account, but what
sults my gal Anna suits me."

 

| pletion of this new

were |

Ray |

This the physi- |

 

ee ——————————

CONTRACTS VOID IF BRYAN WINS

A New Clanse Like the ‘Payable tn Gola”
Clause of Four Years Age.

{t has not been an unusual circumstance '
cently where important busipess contra
have been entered into for the doouments
contain this clause:

“This contract to be null and void in case
the election of William Jennings Bryan as P:
ident of the Unites States.”

In the consiceration of business plans for
future capitalists and business men are leay:
aa little as possible to risk,

The Nazareth Portland Cement Compan)
Nazareth, Pa., furnishes a case in point, |
company, which has a Pennsylvania omar:
is about two years old and has been se!!\: 2
cement for about a year, It was one of
first companies to establish itself in the +
noted Nazareth region and is one of the large
present output amounting
1,000 barrels caily. Jucge Eiwa
of Allentown, Pa., is the compa
New Yorkers, tt is
recently bought a controlling interest int)
company. [tis their plan to build a new pla
that will triple or quauruple the output ani e
ploy 500 men instead of 150. The plan, |
ever, will be abandoned should MoKinley fol
of election,

“Instead of enlarging our plant,” sald Georg:
Coffing Warner, 85 Nastau street, attorney |
the new controlling interests, yesterday, “we
would caleulate upon buying up the plants of
smaller concerns that would go bankrupt
the event of Bryan's election, The demand f
cement is fairly good, but the business w
go to smash unless McKinley is elected, Th
reason is that a great many new building
and new enterprises that are projected are
go ahead only upon the condition of MeKtuley
reelection The orders in general busines
as well as in the building trade, are being co
ditioned upon Republican success at the poils

“] have a friend, the head of a corporatior
owning a textile mill in this section of the
country, who is going to build a new mill
double the capacity of his concern at @ cot
of $1,500,000, His engineers Lave been wor
ing fora vear on the matter and the plans an
specifications are all drawn The corporation
1,000 men and with the cu:
mill will employ 2,0
If MeKinley is not elected this project wil! |
abandoned and they will make up their min’
to get on with the old mill.”

Mr. Warner is well known fn business cirel:
A stockholder of the Nazareth Cement Company
estimated yesterday that the total domestic
production of hydraulic cements ten years ago
was only about 6 per cent, of the consumption,
(the rest being imported), whereas tt ta no.
about # per cent. The yearly production «/
all hydraulic cements is about 14,000,000 barre!
The cements are worth from $2.60 to $8 a barr
wholesale, and are used in construction wo
wenerally, notably for docks and for the fi
dations of bridges and buildings There ars
about sixty-five hydraulic cement concerns |
the country Many of them, this stockhold
said, have practically shut down pending tie
election.

producers, its

about
Harvey

Vresicent uncerstoo

etrnploys about

COLORADO REPUBLICAN TICKET.

F. C, Goudy for Governor—Senator Wolcott on
the Thomas Maladmintstration,

Denven, Col, Sept. 17.—The Republican
State Convention to-day nominated Frais
( Goudy, an attorney, for Governor, and D ¢
Bartels for Associate Justice of the Stale Su-
preme Court, after which adjournment wastaken
until to-morrow. The nominees are resides
of Denver,

The convention was enthusiastic in the belief
that the State will be restored to the Repub!.-

ean column. A. M, Stevenson, late chairman
of the Silver Republican State Committee, was
elected chairman by acclamation

The feature of the first day was the arralgn-
ment of Gov. Thomas by Senator Wolcott, who
said in part: “If there were no other issues in-
volved the condition of affairs in the miul-
administration of the present officials at the
Capitol would bring these Colorado Repuhli-
cans back to the old party. Two years uso
the State elected a Democratic Governor, Hoe
found the State in food financial condition
He has made it a disgrace, He found Stato
warrants at par, To-day they are being ad-
vertised at 560 cents on the dollar simply be-
cause Democratic extravagance and incor
Feeney have dissipated the means for paying
them

“tHe will leave the incumbency of hia office
with a debt of more than $600,000, and has ap-
poluted an incompetent commission to ascer
tain how the Surdens of the people can be in-
creased by $500,000 @ year more to meet the
shortages of his maladmintstration

The record of the Governor found a fitting
climax in the work of the primaries and con-
ventions which have been held in Denver by
the Democratic party within the last ten days,
{egitiinate corporations have been bilach-
rnatied to meet the expenses of the Democrat
primaries. The gamblers, thieves, lewd wormet
saloon keepers and dance hall owners have been
forced to contribute to the funds for use in
the primaries, while the disorderly eleme
has been forced to vote the Thomas teket at
the primaries. Pollcemen itn full unthorn
drove women to the polls and compelled ther
to vote thefThomas ticket.”

PRESIDENT CALLED TO WASHINGTON

Official Business and the Chinese Situation
Require Prompt Attention,

Canton, Ob io, Sept. 17.—Official business again
calls President McKinley back to Washingto:
He will leave here to-morrow and return the
latter part of the week. There ts some oficial
business that can better be handled in Washing-
ton than here in spite of all the arrangements
for communieation made at the house on the

ill, and this class of business has been accuniu-
ating faster than expected. besides, there ure
certain matters connected with the Chinese sit
uation that require the President's prompt
attention, and for these reasons he has decided
to makea flying visit to the capital sooner iat
expected Only. Secretary Cortelyou will a
company him, Mrs McKinley and the other
members of the household remaining here
The exact nature of the urgent business ts ne
announced here, nor is it known whetheror bot

| itisofa nature to require a Cabinet session

PARK TREES BUDDING IN THE FALL

Warm Rain After a Dry Sammer Accounts
for It, Gardener Rose Says,

Two horse chestnut trees, one in City Hal
Park and the other in Madison Square, are
either mixed on the seasons or fear that owls
to the coming elections they are likely to lose
their city Job, for they are working overth
Yesterday both came out with a new set
leaves and buds. Mr, Rose, the Park Board >
landseape gardener, when seen about it e.
plained:

‘Such a thing frequently happens to chestnu
and cherry trees in a dry summer. Wi
there is little moisture in the ground the
flows slowly through the trees and consequent
the leaves shrivel up and die. Then a w
rain comes like we had last Saturda I}
sap woes quickly through the trees aa wak
to life the new leaves and new buds that wer
already forming for next spring.”

 

 

To Raise Standard of City College's Carricaiam

The trustees of the City College met last nia?
behind close! doors, and afterward ¢ haries
Putzel said that a special committee had t
appointed to revort next Monday nigh!, and
that changes in the curriculum would be mad
from t'e bottom up. ‘The standard in latr
and Greek will be raised. Two yeara will !>
addedto th: sub-lresiman course, making t
regular o urse seven years instead of five as ¢
is now.

 

Squirrel Hydrophobta.

From the Chicago Tribune

St. Josern, Mo., Sept. 18.—An epldemie «
hydrophobia {+ thought to prevail among the
aqu rrelsonso: etimber land near Maysviil
Mo., and thirty miles from here

A purmber of horses and catUe have been bt
ten and atter a few day= were attacked wit!
hydrophobia and had to be kiile

Joon Price, a resid nt of Maysville, to-das
was riding horeehack through the timber v
a squirrel dropped frm a_ tree upon

f

  

 

 

shou der, The sq irrel bit Price in the fice
befo «hecoud shake itoff A madstone we
applied as soon as possible and adhered ever
hours
George Williams, a stocknan, was atta
inthesome woods about the same time, ar
he is nowin this eclty under treatment for !
Injuries
From lrvasism ‘o Impertaliem
From the Nebrosk
b he vy ‘ anert
Ing lityonint ‘ ign of t if
DNaturally tete the insane asylus \ a
from which he was recer Uy released t turned

his paper 4 pronounced monarchist, 40d Wau sam
body fore king riga@t away,