ts
to

of

=

he
Ww

a“
or
we
of
in
for
ill
be
“a
lo
va

y=

on
the
to
Ont
brk-
nd
fon
dD
Mw
be
bs

bow
of
14
rel,
on
une
are
in
Ider
the

ten

lean
ank

S
Rue
ken

fenta

elief
ublij

man
, Was

alagn-

  

De in-
t the

ting
con-
r by
days.
lack-
sratiec
yen,
been
ae in
ment
et at
orm
them

 
 
     
    
   
   
  
 

ON.

tion

gain
ton
the
pivicial

hing-
ae ae
n the
umu-
eare
sit-
ompe
cided
than
1 ae-
other
here
is not
orpot

    
  
   
 
 

ALL.

apts

Hall
are
owing
0 lose
time
set of

oard'’s
it ex-

    
 
    
     
 

atnut
When
e sap
vently
warm

The
wakes
t were

 
  
     
 

t night
harlee
d been
bt, and

made

Latin
will be
ing the
as it

 
  
   
   
    
    
    
    
      
  

mio of
png the
ysviile,

en bit-
wit

to-day
when
yn his
he face
me was
everal

tacked
e, and
for his

  
   

 

 

—— ae ew

TITEATRICAL DISCLOSURES.

,OWARD H. SOTHERN AND VIRGINIA
HARNED IN SHABRESPEARE,

 

\ Production of ‘Hamlet’ Competes With
Virst-Night Interest in F, Hopkinson

 

 

 

of a gray wig d ‘ed the effect of the scenes
a which Should ee et as an old hua-

aud and it was occasionally impossible to
ignore the inappropriateness of his appearance
His @ Ung did noth to compensate for the
lack of tluslon in this particular Nothing
in the perform, was 60 satisfying as Georue
Fawoett's eptr cturesque «tudy of a

hearty sea captain. Elmer Grandin's «ketch
| of 4 bashful countryman had humor ol its

 

smith's “Caleb West” and J. J. MoNally’s | own and Malcolm Williams asfithe lover did

‘the Heogers Brothers tn Central Park.''

iward H. Sothern gave a good perform-
of Hamlet at the Garden Theatre last

Phat praise ls not meant to be scant. |

play the most complex of Shakespeare's
yaracters with merit above mediocrity is a

noteworthy achievement. Mr. Sothern’s
rat was not failure, and his

pest was positive success. He

luast satisfactory in the soltloquies

peoause his elocution was not nearly faultiess.
Ale often put emphasis on the wrong words, and

was | tlon than usnal

tpably
| \r hts
kins

the few disagreeable episodes
he appeare Ysabel Has-
provided her own beauty and personal
sarm in addition to a remarkably minute and
lielike imitation of Maxine Filiett. Miss Has-
kins was in the play an incomprehensible Lad
Bountiful, who appeared inexyjlicably at al
times, but served the dramatist’. purpose by
| adding varietvy—and very attractive variety
to the @risodes of the draina. May Buelley

  
 

| as the brietly errant§wie acted with leas aflecta- | Minister Conger it
Ada Gilman, Kate Wile | (nowiedged in several quarters that the Ad

while
} 80n and Bnily Wakeman were an interesting
trio of village women

Those quaint and fluent speakers of English,

hareby tailed to make sentences mean as much | with German and other comic imperfections,

the apeaking as the hearer had found in the
reading. That inefficiency in elocution
uid be removable {a a man with a full and
ia truthfully pleasant to

yoice It

yible

crite that the merita of Mr. Sothern’s dominant ; tious pen of Jolin J

of the tragedy,
and
cole
this
only

ore in the representation
whieh lasted until half-past 12 o'clock,
s erefore Jeft no time to put more than
sions, without full particulars, into
riicla. that the fault of diction was the
ne that amounted to an offence
emay have been regarded by some observers
irtfcularly demonstrative throughout, but,
tat he was seldom boisy, and some passages

Gus and Max Rogers, were ina new play atthe
Victoria Jast night. “The

|

|
|

 

Rogers Brothers |

in Wall Street” was the shrewdly self-adver- |

tising title, and the piece was from the face-
MeNally, who had twice
before written expertly for these comedians,

and for whom this time he had been still more | from

serviceable in providing vents for eocoentricity.
His efforts had been directed in the main, of
course, to song, dance and repartee for the two

He waa #0 | principals, but more matter had been made for
nore impressive in activity than in repose | their companions than

heretofore, and there
was, consequently, a fuller and more diverse
entertainment. The Rogerses were Intro-
duced as unsophisticated Germans, who bought

cade vivid with nothing but bis voice and | some land in Missouri called Central Park, and

jlustration

 

THE SUN,
OUR TROOPS WILL REMAIN.

Al FROM PERKIN UNe
ARE ON.

 

NO WITHDRA
TIL PEACK NEGOTIATIONS

 

That Is the Probable Vrogramme—Minister
Conger Wants Them to Remain While Gen,
Chaffee Thinks the Need of Their Presence
is Now Over Rassia Renews Inquiries. |

WASHINOTON, Sept, 17.—The Chinese
tion is but little clearer to-day than it Was two
weeks ago Peace negotiations are apparently |
nearer a beginning, but the efforts of the War

Department to get the American troops out of

Pekin have retarded by advices from

has been officially ac

Bittia-

 

been

 

ministration was anxious to have the troops
withdrawn from Pekin as soon as it could be
done without an appearance of precipitation,
Russia has been informed that unless the Powers
agreed to occupy Pekin the United States
would withdraw. Russia has now heard from
the other nations, and this morning M. De Wol-
lant. in a visit to the Department of State,
reiterated to Assistant Secretary of State Adee
Russia's position with reference to retiring
the Chinese capital. He also asked for
a further declaration of the attitude of the
United States, and his inquiry is now before
the President for consideration.

Evidence that preparations have been made
for a withdrawal of the troops is found tn the
recent despatches sent to Gen. Chaffee by the
War Department. Since the restoration of
order in Pekin he has favored the return of the
American troops to Tientsin, and less than @

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.

DESPATCHES FROM GEN. CHAFFEE.

 

Our Troops Apparently Not to Withdraw Before
the Opening of Peace Negotiations,
WasHINGTON, Sept. 17.—Two despatches
from Gen. Chaffee, received at the War Depart-
ment yesterday, were made publie by aeting

Secretary of War Meiklejohn thie morning
They are dated Pekin, Sept 1s and
14, and were sent before Gen. Chailee

received the notification from the War Depart-
ment thatinstructions would probably be sent
him soon to withdraw his troops,

In the first despatch Gen Chaffee save that
he needs fifty storm flags and 5,000 more Ameri-
ean flags, the latter being required for the
Chinese houses to show the American protec
tion. Thesecond despa! ch reportsthees pedition
of two companies of the Fourteenth Infantry
from Tientain to Tuliu southward. He says
that the town was destroyed by British troops
and the Americans returned to Tientsin with
but slight oppesition and no casualties

It is apparent here that the withdrawal of
troops from Pekin has been delayed pending
the arrival at the capital of Li Hung Chang |
and Mr. Rockhill. While the President is ans-
ious to get the troops back to Tientsin, It
does not seem advisable to withdraw them
until Prince Ching, Li Hung Chang, Mr. Conger
and Mr. Rockhill have had a conference

 

 

FIGHTS WITH THE BOXERS.

Our Men Engage 2,000 of Them and With
British Ald Roat Them Germans Kill 500.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

TIENTSIN, Sept. 14.—British signal officers

He was indeed a melan- | believed it to be New York's great playground. | wook ago he was notified that orders to with- ] report that there has been a «harp engagement

» Dane in aspect, with black hair and a | This trick was played on them in a matrimo- | draw his troops would probably be sent to him | between one company of American infantry

eardiess face, Instead of the blond and whiak-
red type usually seen on the foreign stage and

metimes here, He looked much as
dwit Booth used to in the réle,
van intellectual, but of course = suitably

r than the great tragedian did in his

nage
iter years. This comparison is made for the
rpose of indicating Mr, Sothern’s appear-

» hastily, There is no need here to subject
iy to the eruel test of a measurement by that
dard in the acting of the part, But having
ted the contrast, it is only fair to add
that Booth we have not had so
good a Hamlet as Sothern’s, and that
t should improve with repetition, A first essay
.f such dimensions could hardly have realized
that the actor had prepared himself to do,
that he will very soon be capable of. He
was completely satisfactory in the scenes
with the Ghost and with those of invective
against the King and the Queen To the ell-
inax of the tragedy, and to some of the tur-
eartler passages he imparted
what may have struck some persons as melo-
dramatic fury, but if so that impression was
doubtless due to having seen him as a romantic
swashbuckler {n modern pleces The careful
idgment wil probably be that hls work
was nowhere strained or overwrought. It arose
to considerable helghts of flery passion, but it
also had spells of tender pathos, notably in the
acenes with the Queen andO phelia, There were no
whims cal oddities, although at various polnts
the action was newand original, Mr. Sothern
was duly encouraged by applause, discriminate
nd otherwise
Virginia's Harned’s Ophelia was too elab-
its earller eeenea—too laboriously
nyenious—but In the depiction of pitiful
linaey she distinguished herself finely in art
pnd beautifully in person, Fuller consideration
of her act

gee

since

hulent

orate n

rany ranged from facility to futility, but had |
been very carefully prepared and on the whole |

did more to help than to hinder the measurably
ceeseful oulecome
lie scenes in which these players moved
d the «silent actors who represented the cour-
lbeomark showed proportionately
by Mr. Sothern as he had given
Credit for the produc-

ers oof
aomiech oare

pw performande.

tion Was given on the programme to Fred
\\ unis whose death last week took
! i before his work on it

is pleted) But in preparing him-
eelf for se important a performance,
‘Ir Southern, had, also, thought out some

that were nearly always good
and sometiines novel, For inatance, when the
(hoat of Hamlet's father appeared on the bat-

tuge effecta

‘lements of the castle he was not followed by a }
streak of white light, obviously a calcium from |
Instead, the figure moved |

a side of the stage
in the night shadows, as the mortals did, but
its face Was A green glow, suggestive
of death and the supernatural. The
device for this effect wag not at tirst discover-
able, but more closely observed the green light
, to come from the pushed-up vigor of
tye actor's helmet. When the GAoat appeared
in the Queen's closet it did not enter the room,
' light behind some curtains

over

was 8

 

 

 

 

1 greenish

t the Ea brought into shadowy alght the
ead Kir figure. A brighter Hght made the
face more clearly visible. This new use added
to the weirdness of the apparition and gave
hore reasonableness to the Queen's blindness

the vision that her son so plainly saw. An-
ethert ty in action tn the closet scene was
' the irder of Polontua When Harlet
id stabbed through the curtain, thinking
he had led the Aing, he turned quickly to
ear the Queen's words and did
hot see what happened. The stabbed
hod {f Polonius  ewayed against the

rta ind then fell into the room, pulling

e draperies down with jts welght. Therefore,
Hamlet's words of grief for his mistake in kill-

tng the harmless old man were spoken when
he turned from listening to bls mother and saw

the corpse in the reor, and not, as usual, after
‘oking into the passage to sea whom he had
murdered The room tn which this hap-

 

pened was like the rest of the acenery, hand-

» butnotovernowering. SomeShakespear-
vivals have been made the excuses of ¢@

te tage pictures rather than fine and

thoughtful aeting, An appropriate medium

reached in fst night's production. The

“Was

 

 

nw must be deferred, The com- | plentiful

nial agency, where other things happened
in profusion and confusion. The doings here
became antic and frantic, and, although neither
the actors nor the audience seemed toknow
what all of them meant, they werefunny in
| the main and served to get the action under
| headway. No one should expect or wish for
coherency in a MeNally-Rogera show. This
one Was classable as a farcical extrava‘janza,
| and suitable for a theatre with the free east-
ness of a music hall The second act was at
|

the Casino in Central Park, where the swindled | despatch

| Germans went to tke and were
Joined by the other members of the company,
| some of whom were drawn by horses and goats
| in a variety of vehicles, The third act was on
| the roof of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel at night,
| and, aait was livelier than either of its prede-
cessors, it brought the diversion to a rising
Climax, Instead of letting it wane away, as
sometinies befalls such helter-skelter shows,
Men who make us laugh aa the Rogerses do
should be cherished. There is no need to dis-
dain their foolery. Art and literature have
room enough on our stage with a plenty to spare
| for unpretentious fun. The audience last night
looked as though it could appreciate a good

Poaseasion,

criminate against the arrant nonsense at the
Victoria because a Shakespearean tragedy was
being played at the Garden. The conversation
| between the brothers was of the colloq: !

witty kind demanded of them, most of it oe
with jokes tersely cracked and all spoken with
Amanner of innocent eartastienss ‘heir chief
assistants in souge and dances were Della Fox,
Jeannette Bageard and Edith Sinclair, with
whom they were involved. in "Three Jolly Sail-
| ore” and “When Reuben Comes to Town,” dit-
ties illustrated with mimicry of a positively
clever kind. There was congenial material for
Bugene O'Rourke, John Page, Emma Francis,
| Grace Freeman, Lee Harrison and several ot hers
so that the things having nothing to do with the
| farce, but essential to the extravaganza, were

The new. tunes, some of them by
Alorris levi, chimed well with the subieets
| The stage was filled several times by frisky

young women in gay costumes, thus giving
brilliantly lighted scenery
ers in Central Park” seemed like a prosperous

piece of pleasantry.

 

Rome of the theatrical occurrences of last
night, although not disclosing new playa, will
later get more than the mere mention made of
them here. The Donnelly stock company he-
@an its season at the Murray Hill with “A Colo-
nial Girl." The Greenwall stock company at
the American revived “The Three Musketeera,”
The new Circle Music Hall, at Broadway and
| Sixtieth street, was opened with vaudeville

and a ballet. The week's change of play at
the Grand Opera House was to “Why Smith
| Left Home,” and at the Star to “Reaping the
Whirlwind.”

The pieces that held over were “Richard Car-
vel” with Mr. Drew at the Empire,"The Pride
| of Jennico” with Mr. Hackett at the Criterion,
“Prince Otto” with Mr. Skinner at Wallack's,
“The Rebel” with Mr, Mack at the Academy,
“The Parish Priest” with Mr. Sully at the Fours
teenth Street, “All on Account of Eliza” with
Mr, Mann and Miss Lipman at the Garrick,
“A Royal pomily “with Miss Russell at the

Mo

 

Lyceum, “The nks of Malabar iu
Wilson at the Knickerhec ker, “The Hose af
Persia” at Daly's, “Fiddle-de-dee" at Weber

& Fields's, “The Husbands of Leontine” e
Madison Square,*Arizona” at the Poreta ue
and “Ben Ilir” at the Broadway
| The vaudeville supply was abundant and
| much of it first class, At each of the Proctor

 

conunuous shows @ pleasing specialty bill
| was supplernented by @ one-act play given by
well-known contributors. The Palace thus
had Patrice in “The Girlin the Moon,” and Carta

and Mirtziana, Amelia Summerville and Jolin
D, Gilbert were among the specialty folk
Robert flilliard played the “Littlest (iirl” at
the Fifth Avenue, where Gertrude Haynes,

theatrical thing of any grade, but it did not dis- | sioners. In

showy sights, and these were enhanced by | preliminaries of
“The Rogers Broth- | arranged

|
|

|

Emma Carus and Charley Case were the more |

striking of the specialists, Bert Coote was
| seen in “Supper for Two” at the 125th Street
| and here the conspicuous variety folk wera
Smith and ¢ ampbel, Rita, A. Guille and the
| Harneys. At the Twenty-third Street a short
| variety force engaged Joseph Hart and Carrie
De Mar, and Press Fldridge, Josephine Gass.
| man and Harry Watson were some of the
others
Keith's had the first performance in America

selling were in every case more than merely | of Charles Rauschle and familiar short plava
wie ate beautiful to igok at, rogers He, {o from the Nobles and the Sidmans, ¢ harlee K
that ean tla ic wage ti ressing of Sir Blenry | Aldrich headed the roster at Pastor's, Wax
«= productions, In another way they were | figures of the Presidential candidates were to
rervinders of the English actor’s scenic investure; | the fore in the Eden Musee wax show
ties were obviously canvas, well painted, | Of the music halls Koster & Bial's provided
\ icking the solid realness of some ti odern | an excellent vaudeville performance, in which
ery. ‘The state chamber was @ beautiful | Williams and Tucker, Staley and Birneck
ty ti a great stone atalrway at one | Rdna Aug and Montgomery und Stone were
d a to a leony that eztend-d | soma of those engied. Hurtig & Seamon's
' # back. It was und ry this that the | employed Churles Dickson und the Rossows
{ pay was acted. The grouping, generally | ymong others. The Dewey had female bur-
“ was a little awkward in this scene. Sone | lesquers and variety ol
et ved spectators stood on the ba cony over | qv ' . eo =
ea «, Where a good View Was impossible, : cee ; 7
there was plenty o° reom and places for , PAUL L. FORD'S MARRIAGE.
betier observation in other parts. The | =
i ore was placed at such an angie to the | Novelist Wil Wed Miss Grace Kidder of

here Hamlet's t aredy was being paved
e King and Queen had to ‘ook almoat
‘ squely around the corner to see the action,

These were slight feults, so minor that they
! noder ordinary c:reuimstareces paas un-
cod but Mr. Sothern’s production and per-

for ' were so careful and thouchtful that

anded judgment by the highest stand-

® third play of the season to be founded

a yopniar novel was that seen last night

at the Manhattan, when Michael Morton's ver-
I. Hopkinson Smith's *Caleh West"

ited tor the first time in New York, That

he play possesses the popular quality oertain

| Hrooklyna Te-day.

+ The marriage of Miss Grace Kidder, the
| daughter of Fdward Hartwell Kidder, to Paul
Ford, the novelist, will
place at the home of the bride's father at 118

| Leloe-ter take

Remsen street, Brooklyn, at noon to-day
Owing to a recent death in the bride's fainily
the ceremony will be of the simplest kind

There will be no bridesmaids Miss Katherine
Drier will act as maid of honor and Worthing-
ton Charnes Ford, a brother of the bride-
groom, Whi be best man, The Rev. Dr Fred-
erick Burgess, reetor of Grace Episeopal Church
will officiate Only the tmmediate relatives
of both families will be Directly

    

present

in favor for some time to come waa | after the ceremony the couple will leave for
e mnt atri ‘ thesouth Ontheir return they will live at
m striking impression to be gathered | 37 Kast Seventy-seventh street, Manhattan
I the oceasion, Many other considerations | Miss Kidder is one of the best known society
egested themselves during the progress of | women in Brooklyt Mr Ford is the author
. ered 5 ‘ sete thr
via. Jt began in obseurity and it kept | of “Janice Mer ith, the Hon I r Stirl
ie ing,” and other books Hle is a son of the late
+5 down to the most conventional stand- | jordon |. Ford
ut it Was in the early scenes that the i an
ity of the there asserted its power and Hillman. -Fills.
bave aleb West” the assurance of popular { Miriam Inez Ellisand Lieut, Leroy Turner

in spite of crudities in
aknesses in porrormance that
val damage any work
h well-tried merit
ne wile whe
Ttemporarily falters in loyalty to an
devoted husband, repents and re-
to find forwivenes® in his magna-
ire almost certain to win syimn-
ind the disposition is to regard her
te th equal interest The man whe
er to her home, the husband who for-
taud the other incidetital figures in this

com position
would
acking a

 

   

episode al nuke & potent appeal,

tramutint presents them in a way

their quaulilies to any advantage

ght the gre Xisted under more than
niere clreums tances The

 

{ A master diver, the

 

 

listens to the voice of the |

}

lover one of |

Hillman of the Seventh United States Artillery,
row stationed at Fort Wiliams, Portland, Me

were turried yeeterday afternoon at West
Point b the Re Dr. Herbert W. Shipman,
chaplain of the My itary Academ) The wed
dinw ceremony, whieh wa a simple one, t

 

soon. tle was told not to plan for a winter
campaign in Pekin, and vessels reaching Taku
with supplies on board are now held in the hare
bor pending Gisposition of the troops.
Meanwhile the Department of State had com-
munioated with Minister Conger, Since bis
resciia by the allied forces Minister Conger has
insisted upon the retention of troops in Pekin
to proteet the American lewation and the native

Christians. Apparently he did not think tt
necessary to move the legation from Pekin,
and he so informed the State Departinent

Chaffee was asked as to

At the same thine Gen
leaving i In one
r

the advisability of
he emphatically
withdrawal of the troops. In another he ex-
pressed freely his opinion that Pekin would
not be a diplomatic y« int for some tine to come
and gave every evidence that Minister Conger
was not needed in Pekin any more than the
troops
in view of the representations made to
Minister Conger it was thought he would suggest
the removal of the legation to some other point
and thereby bring about the withdrawal of the
troopa @racefully as an escort for the United
Statea Minister, Minister Conger in his latest
telegram, however, repeats his former recome-
mendation tor the continued occupancy of Pekin
by the military, He insisted that under any
circumstances the troops should not be with-
drawn until after the arrival of Ld Hung Chang,
Minister Conger had also heard of the appoint-
ment of Prince Ching and Yung Lu to act jointly
with Li Huog Chang as China's peace commis
"his cable despatch he also pro-
testa against the acceptance of Yung IAL as a
commissioner, and advises that no  nego\a-
tions for peace be opened so lon’ as Yung Lu
remains one of the negotiators.
All Minister Conger's suggestions to the
Department of State have inc icated a strong
desire that this Government treat very stert ly
with China. He has believed that peace should
be forced from China by the strength of the
allied forees, and he is loath to part with the
protection now afforded him by Gem ¢ haffee's
troops, On the other hand, Gen. ¢ haffee,
looking at the situation from a purely military
view, points out that the parpees a his expedi-
tion has been accomplished, that peace has been
restored in Pekin, that Pekin is no longer a
diplomatic city and that the, necessity for
troops to remain there ts passer
The officials here are of the belief that Min-
eter Conger's suggestion regarding the re-
tention of troops until the arrival of Li Hung
Chang will be followed, but as soon as the
the peace conference are
the troops will be withdrawn to
Tientain. It ts also considered probable that
the Preaident will wait until hearing from Mr.
Rockhill before giving orders for their with-
drawal.

commended &

RUSSIA'S ATTITUDE UNCHANGED.

Makes Inquiries as to the Intentions of This
Government in the Chinese Question,

WasHinaton, Sept. 17.—M. de Wollant, the
Russian Charaé d’ Affaires, called at the State
Department to-day and made inquiries of the
acting Secretary of State, Mr. Adee, as to
what the intentions of the United States were,
now that this Government had been informed

of the attitude of the Powers toward the
Russjan proposal to withdraw from Pekin
It is understood that M_ ce Wollant

also notified this Government that there had
been no change in the Czar's attitude on this
question and that his Imperial Majesty's troops
had been ordered to leave Pekin and were now
so doing

M. de Wollant’s representations were at once
the President As Russia
diplomatic correspondence
representatives orally, the
substance of M. de Wollant’s statements
was taken down by a stenographer, No
reply could be made by Mr. Adee until after
he had conferred with the President

M. Thiebault, the French Chargé d'Affaires,
called upon Mr. Adee directly after M. de
Wollant left the State Department, and the
significance of these two calls was said to be
that Russia and France still adhered to their
announced policy of withdrawing from Pekin
France has tollowed Kussia in her Chinese
policy from the outset, even going Fo far ax to
sound the United States asto whether or not
this Government would withdraw tf

stood with Russia for withdrawal,
It was saidlater that the President

communicated to
carries on her
through = her

brance

had |

and 2,000 Boxers at Motao, on the Pekin road,
The Americans male a gallant stand. A de
tachment of the Bengal Lancers, who were in
the vicinity, heard the firing, and went to the
rescue of the Americans, charging the Boxers
in the rear. The Boxers were routed and left
200 dead on the fleld

German offloers Teport an engagement with
a heavy force of Boxers west of Pekin on
Sept. 13. The Germans lost twenty men

BRRLIN, Sept. 17.—A despatch received by
the German Foreign Office from Shanglai
states tata German naval force attacked
the town of Liang, which was strongly held by
the Boxers, The Germans were assisted by
forty men of the Bengal Lancers,

The Boxers made a strong resistance,
the Germans rushed the position and razed the
town.

Five
Germans had one killed and four wounded,

but

hundred Boxers were killed. The

THE MIXED RULE IN PEKIN.

Japanese Control Best-Americans Respected
~Looting Continaes.
Special Cabie Despatch to THB SUN
Lonpoan, Sept. 17.—The Pekin correspondent
of the Morning Post confirms the reports of the
superiority of the Japanese control in the
Chinese capital

tion, ranks next to the Japanese section. The
British cannot be placed higher because the
Repoys are eager for loot. It is feared that
they will break out atany minute. The Ameri-
cans are respected, but looting continues, and
thelr arrangements are imperfect. The Rus-
sians and French are harsh, lawless and care-
leas. United action on the part of the Gene-
rales is dificult as their commanda are diso-
beryed.

 

BARON VON KETTELER'S MURDERER.

Japanese Do Net Believe the Man Under Ar-
rest Is the Real Culprit.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN

PeKiIn, Sept. 11.—The Japanese legation
does not believe that the man recently arrested
on the charge of having murdered Baron von
Ketteler, the German Minister, ia the real
culprit. He was probably paid to impersonate
the murderer for the purpose of discrediting
Prince Ching.

 

RUSSIAN MINISTER'S PLANS.

Will Go te Tientsim, bat May Retura to Pekin
as a Peace Negotiator
Specias Cable Despatch to THE SUN

St. PETERSBURG, Sept. 47.--The Novoe Vremya
states that the Russtans will leave Pekin as soon
as possible and that M. de Giers, the Russtan
Minister, will take up his residence at Tientsin
If necessary, he can proceed from that place
to Pekin to act as a negotiator.

 

ROCKHILL STARTS

MR. FOR PERRIN.

Said at Tientsin He Did Not Expect to Remain
More Than a Few Days.
Special Cabdle Despaich to THE SUN

TIENTSIN, Sept. 168 —Mr. Rockhill, the Special
Commissioner of the United States, left here to-
day for Pekin. Before starting he said he did
not expect to remain at the Chinese capital
more than a few days,

 

French Minister Has Not Left Pekin.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Panis, Bept. 17.—The Government explains
that the despatch from M Pichon, the Frenoh
Minister at Pekin, recelvid yesterday was mis-
Instead of M

read Pichon leaving Pekin on

| directed the State Department to reply to the | Sept, 1, as was announced yesterday, it was the

cau-eof the recent deathol the bb de'’s sister,
was in the West Point chapel ‘The bride, wh»
isthe daughter of Fdward 8S hiss, the well.
known author apd t acher Was even away by
her father ie were ne bridesmaids or |
ushers. Miss Elis wore a gown of white crépe
ge chine. heavily trinmed with polatappique
avdchiffor

Fell Into a Steamer’s Hold, Sues for $20,000.

Michael Diamond has begun an action in the
Sopreme Court in Bro klyn against the Nethor-

lands-American Steamshin Company to recover

} go,000 damages for personal injuries sustained

by falling down a hateiway on
the plaintiff alleges

12 last

Starendatns

on duly
the steamer

   

hot he was working on the vessel and t at he
fell dato the hold bee ethe d-fendint did not
| have a danger dght near the hoid to warn
persons

e yours wife condemned to a |
elite in the home for which her hus- |
red less than for his own occupation,

es revealed alternately the lite of the
rs und the small existence of the

i “ \ “ irtists

d ing

‘ ! for juatie
@ostor whieh was ehletly

t Coop om 1 the play last

t ked asf vudiences that found
Way Down Fast" and plays of ita

kod would be alle to take enjoyment for some
t ne out of “Callen West.”

(wit Arden’s obvious youthfulness in spite | uuder

Board as at Home
is dificult to findin a lorgecity, Such places
thouch, a eto be ound advertised ip THE 5UN
“select Dourd."-Ade.

|
|

inquiries of M. de Wollant and M Vhiebault |
to the effect that the United States did not
consider the time expedient to enlarge upon
their declared policy or to announce at this
time the next step that would be taken by this
Government

CHINA'S PEACE ENVOYS,

Prince Ching Requests That Mr. Conger Be
Instructed to Begin Negotiations.

Prince Ching’s ane
to act with Li Hung

WASHINGTON,
t of authorit

dept, 17

   

nouncen
Chang as Peace Favoy, representing the km-
peror of China with full powers, was handed
to Mr. Adee at the State Department by the
Chinese Minister to-day lhe Prince re-
quests this Government to instruct Minister
Conger to begin negotiations with the Emper-
or’s commission as soon as Li Hung Chane

arrives in Pekin, Which is expected by the last
of this week. His message bears the date of
Sept. 8 at Pekin. ‘There is a manifest dispo-
sition on the part of China to urge the United
take the lead in opening neweotiations
sexpressed de-
relieved

States to
and this has been Minister Wu
the

   
 

sire eve since legations we
Minister Wu has now received oMeial infor-
mation of the appointment of both) Li Hung

Chang nud Prince Ching as Peace Envoys by

 

  
 

the Emperor, and has so notified this Govern-
ment The United States has not accepted
either as yet Yung Lu's appotutment was
! je by the Emperor at Lf Hung Chang's
request Mr. Wu said to-day that if Gen
Yung lu wasoblectionable toany of the Powers
sore one else would be appointed

Peace Envoys will have equal powers
regardless of rank or birth

IN FPUN-KIEN PROVINCE, |

The Viceroy and Tartar General Agree to Pro-
tect Yorelgners,

 

WASHINGTON, Sept 17. The Department of |
State has received a despatch from the Consul |
at Fuchau, China, transmitting a copy of '

t entered into between the Vieeroy

an
agreemen
and Tartar General of I uh-Kien Province and |

the foreign Consuls at Fuchau, which provides |

in substance that the Chinese ithorities will do
everything in their powerto protect the lives |
and property of foreign officers, merchants and
missionaries resident in Fule Kien and at Amey
that centrel and southern China shall not be |
attacked by t foreen vo oO long as the
loewl authoriiies maintain « and that the }

 

Admirals of the several nations will be informed
that it is not advisable that @ number of naval
vessels should visit Fuchau lest the people be
alarmed The agreement is signed by

 

 

the
Russian, United States, Japanese, British and |
French Consuls and by Vieeroy Hen .ing Kuel
andGen Shen Lien |
'
GB. Mallans Los’ Five Sapoly Boats,
pecial ¢ we Despatch to THES
Kom Sept 17 \ telegrain to the Mea-
angero from Laku stat thatan Italian column
has started for Nanasiltsur At last accounts
Ino trace of the enemy had been seen, Five
boats of the expedition with provisions and |
munitions of war sunk inthe Veisho  kvery-

thing was a total loss,

| sprinkle of rain tm the afternoon; wind, fresh to brisk

despatch that left the capital on that day.

 

‘Black Flegs"' to Return to Canton.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LconpDon, Sent. 17.—A Hong Kong despatch to
the Central News says that owing to the cap-
ture of Pekin Liu Yang Fu, chief of the Blaek
Fiags, has ordered his men who were marching
north te return to Canton

Chinese Troops Gathering at Singan,
Speetal Cable Despatch to THR Sun
Beruin, Se it 17-- ‘The Lokalonzeiger printa
a despatch from Shanghai soying that troope
from al! over China are streaming into Singan,
which has been selected as the | ermanent res!-
Genve of the Emperor.

 

Chinese Kill Roman Catholic Bishop.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Havre, Sept. 17. The family of Mer. Hamer,
Roman Catholic Bishop of Mongolia, residing
at Nymeguen, have received information that
he has been murdered by Chinese

 

The Weather,

The high pressure moving down over Minnesota
into the Central States brought decidedly colder
weather to all the Interior of the country yesterday
There was a general (all in temperature south to the
Arkansas Valley, In the Dakotas and Minnesota
the mereury touched 2 degrees below freezing point,
with killing frosts, and there were light frosts in
Wyoming, eastern Nebraska, Wisconsin, lowa, Il
Iinois and northern Michigan

The cool weather was spreading eastward over the
Lakes and the Ohlo Valley tnto this section,

An area of low pressure was forming over the Rocky
Mountains. Fatr weather prevailed, except for local
showers in northern New York, northern Pennsylvania
and in Montans and Washington,

In this city the day was fair and cooler,

with a

northwest, average bumidity,55 per cent.; barometer,
corrected to read to sea level, at 6 A, M..20.70;3 P. M.,

 

evita
The temperature as recorded by the oMfctal tner
mometer, and also by THE SUN's thermometer at the
street level, Is shown In the aunexed table
OMciaim Sun's —OMeiai—
hwuo, 18098 Lut 1900, 1A98
A.M 64 as “6° M GI*
12M 4 69" 47 M.86° «663° = 7°
+P. M..68° ou 64°12 Mid... 53° 6u"

|

Sun's |

\

|

se°

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
j

1900
ap 65° “i

vP

me

MORROW
For the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland
Virginia and eastern Penmsyivania, fair, continurd
cool to day and probably to-morrow
north winds
ror New Jersey and eastern New York, fair, con
nortnr

light to fresh

tinu d coal to-day and fo morrow; fresh to brisk
ciminianing after this morning
Por New Eng and, fair and edo! today and to mor
row. probably preceded by Showers on north coast
this morning: high norihwest winds to-day |
Por western New York, western Pennsylvania, Ohio |
and West Virginia, fatr, eoetinued eool to-day aad |
provably (o-morrow, {rea north winds |

winds sowly

 

He states that the an
section of the city, which is now under Dr.
Cordea, the interpreter of the German Lega-

|
'
|
}
|
|
|

   

POWERS AGREE ON THIS.
FULL RETRIBUTION TO BE EXACTED
FOR ATTACK ON LEGATIONS,

Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching Acceptable
Peace Negotiators—Satisfactory Comtral
Government Mast Be Organized—Diffor-
ence as to Withdrawal of Troops Has
Not Affected the Other Negotiations,
Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 17.-The Graphic learns, prob
ably from a governmental that the
pourpariers between the Powers regarding the
preliminaries of the peace negotiations with
China have in no wise suffered fromthe differ-
ence respecting the evacuation of Pekin, ‘The
cordiality of the concert ha» not been disturbed,
The followime points have Leen agreed upon
First—Li Hung Chang will be accepted as &
negotiator by all the Powers. It is probable

 

 

   

Specia

source,

| that Prince Ching will also be accepted, but the

acceptances ore conditional upon the produce
tion of adequate credentia’s by both

Second —A central covermment satisfactory
tu the Powers must be established

Third—The fullest retribution is to be exacted

i for the attacks on the legations and the ma-ra-

cres of foreigners, On this iatter point Russia has
shown herself to be as earnest as Great Britain

The question of where the negotiations are to
be conducted is now being discussed No cotn-
tnunications regarding indemnities have yet
passed between the Powers,

While from various sources come assertions
that the harmony of the Powers is not disturbed
regarding China, the Paris correspondent
of the Times strikes a loud note of alarm. He
says

“Not since the Franco-Prussian War has the
peace of the world been in suc h danger as it
appears to-day. Never, it would seem, has tt
been so easy for a rupture to occur The
characteriatic note of the atuatlon and a note
is the reciprocal

which makes it dangerous
distrust of the Powers engaged in
making thelr action felt in China

All protest disinterestedness, and all dec are
that they have but one object, namely to de-
fend and maintain the rights of civilization,
All assert that they have no thought of any
personal Interests, but there 1s nevertheless

general diatrust, and it ts this fact which con-

stitutes the gravest danger to the peace
of each All are convinced that these
protests of disinterestedness are merely @&

sort of transparent screen behind which tn-
dividual ends are aimed at If the universal
susploion is not speedily allayed things will
rapidly go from bad to worse, and China, whose
alr is to increase the general distrust, will
easily succeed in transformiug latent suspl-
cion into overt hostilities, which will bring
forth a general conflagration.”

| spot had compelled them to steal the pins

After much more matter of the same sort, |

which does not appear to be supported by any
epecial information, the correspondent con-
tends that the danger can only be removed
by the Powers signing a solemn engagement
not to claim separate advantages, direct or
indirect

WEDDING FOLLOWS DIVOKCE.

 

 

The Marriage of Miss Olute of Fredosla and
John ©, Birdsall of Watertown,

Dunkirk, N. Y., Sept. 17.— Miss Nellie Clute
and John (. Birdsall, reported to have been
married in Greenwich, Conn, by Judae Charles
D. Burns on Saturday, Sept. 15, are well known
in Dunkirk and Fredonia, Miss Clute is the
daughter of Charles A. Clute of Fredonia, for-
mer @asistant superintendent of the Dunkirk,
Allegheny Valley and Pittsburg Railroad, and
Mr. Birdsall has until recently lived in Fredonia,
where he was a clothing merchant, until he
recently removed to Watertown, N.Y, and

opened a clothing store there

A few weeks ago Mrs Bessie Webb Birdsall
secured a divorce upon statutory er unde from
her husband, John C. Birdsall, to whom she was
married in Batavia about nine years go. At
about the same Ume it was rumored that Miss
Clute had secured a divorce in Albany from @
young man to whom it war reported that she
rad been married aix )ears, but as far as known
the couple had never lived towether. Tho
rumor of the marriage and divorce was @ great
surprise to the community When Miss Clute
was interviewed at that time concerning the
story of her marriage and divorce, she declared
that there wae no truthinit. It is now asserted
on what seems good authority, that Miss Clute
did receive a divorce in Rensselaer county
about two months ago, a young attorney in
Albany, whose home was formerly fo Fredonia,
conducting her case for her

Charles A. Clute, father of Miss Chute, said to-
day that his wife and dinghter left Pred nla
on Friday to visit relatives in Oneida county,
but further than that he knew nothing of their
whereabouts. He professed total ignorance
of the wedding. John Birdeall, Sr, father of
the bridegroom, Said he received a letter,
written by his son in Watertown last Friday,
but that he did not mention a wedding It is
the opinion of the people acquainted with Miss
Clute and Mr. Birdaall that they were married
as reported at Greenwich Conn. Sept 15. as
it was generally thought they would be married,
although the marriage Was not expected to
take place so soon,

 

FOX HUNT.

NEWPORT'S LONGEST
P. F. Collier and Mrs, Adolf ltadenburg
Alone In at the Death.

Newport, R. 1, Sept. 17--The regular fox
hunt was held this afternoon over the tarms of

the island and was the longest chase of the
season, being about fifteen miles. Besides
the whips and PF. Collier, the only riders

were Mra. Adolf Ladenburg and FG Griswold
‘There was a large gat rite at the meet, which
was at Quaker Hill id Mixs Grea Pomeroy
rode out on ber bieve'e to see the jack away
Both of her hunters are laid up and she could
not take part in the hunt The start
4:30 and the death at Ulillside Farm. Some
of the jumps were pretty difficult, and Mrs
Griswold’s hunter got hurt and he had to with-
draw Among th who followed in
were AG Vandernilt: and Miss French, Mr
and Mrs A Cass Cantield, Miss Van. Alen, Mrs
J.P. Kernochan, Mr and Mrs W Mever,
the Misses Mills

 

 

BRITISH KILEFD IN EXPLOSION,

Accident ta Saldters Whe Were Destroying
Gaapowder Captured From the Chinese.

Special Cable Desnatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 17. ‘The Government has re
ceived from Taku an official report of an aeci-

Was at |

traps |

and |

 

dent that occurred to a British party while de- |

stroving gunpowder captured trom the Chi-

nese at Tung Chow. Two men were killed,
twenty-five dangerously wounded and eight,
including an offeer, severely injured, The
officer belonged to the British-Chinese regi-

ment from Wei hai Weil
Fourteen of the injured have sine: died

OLD PETER M'GLOIN DROWNED.
He Was Known to the Police as the Father of
Marderer Mik» MeGtotn,

Peter MeGloin of 250 Wet Twenty-ninth
street wos found drown d the North River
near the foot of Twenty-seventh street
day. He had been in the hatit «f 5 Wing on
the pler there and his friencs think he fell off
MecGloin, who was 70 vears old, was ace rding
to the mlee, the father of Michael MeGloin
the turalar who in l¥cember, 1881, killed
siloonkeeper Hanier, Hanier aroused b. the
noise made by young MeG oin and four other
thieves in ransacking his saloon rushed down
stnirs and was shot by young MecGloin, who
was Waiting at the foot

“A man acn'’t tough til he's knocked his man
out,” the murderer rervarked to a pal the next
day. He was executed i: March, 1883

yester-

  

 

J \ delightful lotion
that ostantl tr
'

moves fanimation
caused by Bites and Stings of MOSQUEPUkS,
Spiders, Hees, Black Flies, Yellow Jac ‘ets, Ete
The most effective remedy for IVY POISONING
yet discovered Sold by druga!sts, or by mail

for 23 "etn. tn For Bites

stamps
Chas. N. Crittenton Co,, 117 Falton St., N.¥.

CARPET CLEANSING,

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
Ln 226 7th Avy, Near 28th Sc,

Ket! Abad . 82 FPF cotar.

T. M.STEWART

 

 

i

 

t
\

|

ALIMONY,

LOUISE HEPNER WANTS

 

Ta Spite of Her Letter to Her Wigmaker Aske
ing Him to Set Her Free,

Louise Willis Hepner, actress, had a motion
en before Justice Bischof of the Supreme Court
yesterday fur alimony and counsel fee lo the
suit she has pending aeainest William hiepoer,
wigmaker, for an absolute divorce, She
euses him of intimacy with Minnie Russell and
Florence Leigh. He sets up a clainn ou his part
for divorcee, and declares she bas been intimate
with George W lhe Hepners were
married five years awo ip Chicago and separated
early this year ’

A large part of the motion papers on both

sides has been published, ilepuer says that
he got a letier from her dated at Toronto jaa
January, in which she satd

DeAR Witt: Whatleme ing w tell youl
letler Wii shock you tern bly, Litnow, but Delfeve
1! Leould spare you the pull | would gladly du so

ace

Leste

this
me,

4M golpg to appeal to you to do me tue greatest
favor of my ih, to give mo back ny fredom 1
know you will feel bauly, and thiik you ae the
most untapey man te toe world, bul Deleve tne

Wil, when DT tell you that you will soon look at this
siep we afte bot about to take and agree with me
that itis best for botb of us

Now don't sto m bore y oul, but be sensible and
above alidon t let it make you th You krow u
have olten told me you would do anything to make
me bappy. Now, Will, | you to prove sb Do
give me my freeaorn and moke me happy | have
Known fur a tong Umeand think you nus. bave wo
that there was something missing, and it ts this
Wil While Lrespecta d honor you ‘or your @rest
Kindness tome, | Know now that 1 do notlove you
as mueh asa wifesh uid love her husband

She-ays Tiepocr mikes $150 a week a! Wig
making. Hesays bis earnings are about $54
week, Wh le she commands alatge salary. Tae
Court reeecved deci-ion

ask

TALE OF A ROY FAGIN,

lold by Iwo Small Boys Caught Stealing
Wom on's Skirt Pius in the Park,

‘Two small boys were caught in Central Park
on Sunday stealing he ornamental pins whieh
it is the present fad for women to wear in their
«skirts, So conpluints of the thefts
reached the police station in the arsenal that
Detectives Cray and Lane were sent out to
find the thieves They went to the monkey
house, where the robberies were most fre-
quent, and had searcely entered the building
when a hewro woman gave @ boy a resounding
slap. The detectives nabbed him and a smaller
companion, They were Joseph and Louls
Daisy of 185 Seventh street, 14 and 12 vears
old, Lillie Franks of 107 West 127th street

and louise Bashare of 1,240 Columbus avenue
had both been robbed of the pitts which held
their skirts in the buck, and the pins were found
in the hors’ pockets,

In the Yorkville police court vesterday the
boys suid that an vider boy, who lived in thelr
house, bad taught them to steal He had in-
structed other boys, too, they said) On Sunday
he had taken them into the Park, and under @
threat of losing them in some out-of-the-way
The
detectives promised to invertigate the younmgs-
ters’ stories Roth bows were held in $800 bail
for their good behavior for a month

hath)

ARREST INTERRUPTED HIS SHAVE,
Ephraim Meddarr of Penn Yan Weat to the
Station ‘ bout It, bat Proiesied in Vain.

Beatrice Trivoga of 148 Columbus
and her father complained to the Weat Sixty:
eighth street police last night that kazido Kalnooe
a barber of 960 West Sixty-ninth street, had
chased her into a hall and had throutened to
shoot her because he said she had been talking
about him. The girl wanted Balucco arrested
and the sergeant sent Detective Cleary to do it

Cleary found Baluceo shaving a customer
He did not wait until the shave was finished,
but took the barber to the station linmediatels
The customer, with his face covered with lather,
followed.

“I'm Ephraim Meddury of Penn Yan," he sald
to the serweant fi come to this city to spend
a week and didn't bring my razor with me
Yo-morrow my darter is goin’ to take me to |
show. I wanted to spruce up a mite an’ i
was gettin’ shaved whan you arrest the barber
You spoiled my whole visit I want you to set
this feller loose so as he kin finish the job.’

“Look here, Penn Yan,” suid the sergeant
“There are other barber shove Now vou git.”

Mr. Meddury got and the barber was locked
up.

 

avenue

Said He Was Robbed; Was Arrested, Anyhow.

A man with a bloc dy head to'd bystanders at
the Bowery and Bleecker street last night that
be had been robbed by a Woman and two men,
in a nearty hotel, of $300. LHe gotinio a row
with a policeman afterward and was taken to
the Mulberry street station, where he said he
wes Henry Fiacher of Long Island, a pedier.
The police found in his pockets,

Aged Wheelman Falls Dead.
Amandaline Bissell, 74 years old, a printer, of
71 Harmon street, Jersey ¢ ity, fell from his wheel

last evening at Yale and West Side avenues A
policeman who went tohis ald tound thet he
was dea Dr Childs said death was caused
by heart disease

—_—-

Business Aotiees.

  

 

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup for ehiidren
teething, softens the guins, reduces tnfammation
allays pain, cures wind colle, diarrhea 2 a bottle

omIBDYD.

DAVIDSON.- At Montreal, on Friday, Sept. 14,
190°, Thomas Davidson, in the 6°tb year of bts
age

GIRBONS —At Livingston Manor, Sullivan county
N Y., on Saturday, Sept 15, 1000, the Rev

Dantel A. Gibbons, rector of St, Aloysius’ Church
in bis 48d year

Requiem mass at Livingston Manor, Tues
day, Sept. 18, 1900, at 10:30 A. M.; office and
solemn requiem at Holy Cross Church, West

42d st.. New York, Wednesday, Sept 19, 1900, at

10 ALM The reverend clergy and friends are
hereby invited without further notice, Interment
in St. Raymond's Cemetery

MERRIEGM.—At Waterford, Conn on Sunday.
Sejt. 16, 1900, Dr Frank W. Merriam of 136
West 11th st., aged 46 years

Interment at Woodlawn Cemetery at 2:39 P.M on
Wednesday, Sept. 18, 1900.

Mit HAU.—At Souihampton, 1. LE, on Saturday
morning, Sept. 15, 190), Mary J (née Manning
wife of Edward L. Milhau

Funeral services on Tuesday morning, Sept A,
1900, at 1) o'clock, Im the Chureh of St. Charles
Horromeo, Sidney pl., Brooklyn, N.Y Paris

papers please copy

SPENCER,.~ At Newark, N. J, Saturda Sept
15, 1000, Cora Edith, wife of George F Spenc
Funeral her late reside ces, S2t Lake
st., Forest itll, on Tuesday, Sept .8 1400, at

P.M. Relatives and frleoda are invited to attend
—— hr

Special Notices.

MENV CAUSES induce
HAIR BALSAM brings bs
HINDERCORNS., the b

on

services at

rray hair, bubPARWKER'S
tthe yo (hful coer

teu_e for corms Sota

 

 

Pew Publications.

Walden, Vathek, Homer Renan's Jesus, Amiel'’s
Journal, Creasy's battles. PRATT, 161 6th av

75°

 

Colleqes and Schools.

Fer Boys & Young Men—City & Country
NONT VALG

Madison School, "2" 5.55"

Preparatory for the Applied Sclences th Columbia or
any other university course, horsemanship feneing
laboratory, workshop and teld work, number of
boarders fimited wo 20; individual atte aid bo
every pupil G. VON TAUBE, Principal.

HAMILTON INSTITUTE,

45 West Sist St.. Manhattan Square, North.
REOPENS SEPT 26TH
For information or catalogue address

N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., MW. A., Prinsipa!,
PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY COLLEGE

 

 
 

  

Chester, Pa. Auth year terns Sept. Oth,
Decrees in Civil engineering, Chemistry, Arts Also
Thorough Prenatatory Coutses Infantry, Artillery

and Cavalry Drills A military school of ihe Righes
order."—U SS WAR DEPT
Catalogues a@ Col. C. BE. MYATT, President

-SYMS SCHOOL.

Robert H. Symes, Willlam ©. Simmons.
APPLY FOR CIRCL LAR
22 West 45th Street

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMEORD, CONS, G24 TEA
THE INDIVIDUAL TMte WAdt>
Special advantages for saving tUme in prepors

WM... WHTTS, M. A. Vale

FAPERT EDUCATION, [hockward youth oa
unsuceessful for college entrance: received by caper
Butt «married! of tong experience. in Bis pica.
home, at Morristown, N. .). Sueoess Guaranteed, Num
ber limite liighest © commendation, For circ

and \ermsapply wih PENN Muri ahown, Nd.
{

Prine a

 

diae

| se
tt

 

“Custom doth make cowards
of us all” and though the Stock
Exchanve extende!  straw-hat
time last Saturday, Broadway's
crowds aren't profiting by the

| exfension,

We're ready for the crowd
with derbies of all the new Fall

blocks.

Rogers, Pert & Company,

254 Broadway. « Warret,
and 7and & Warren St

BAG Broadway, cor Prince We All orders
1240 Hroadway, cor, 2d by mail,
and 54 West ddd St

——_——————
Colleges und Schools.

For Hoys & Young Men-—City & Country,

—

  

NEW YORK. N. Y., 486 Madison Ave

Berkeley School sy

erKeiey SCHOO! Boys.)

Pweoty Orst year begins ew | swele! alienation
to preparation for Harvard, Yale, Coluobla aad
Priveelon, with opportunity for rapid advaucemeat
New fire f build ng Armory Gyouasive,
Swimming ool, | soratories, Light boarders re
ceived into t rs' familles For uew register aud
prospectus, addr

J. €LARK READ, A. M., Registrar,

RUGBY MILITARY ACADEMY

West End Av, and 4th St,, Manhattan,

Preparation for all Colleges Primary Department,
Military optional to sentors Day, Speciat and Rest
dent Studeuts. Twelfth year heging Oct. Ist Pre
liminar instruction Sept 7th, Telephone 1260

Riverside for illustrated catalogue

IRVING SCHOOL (BOYS), L. D. RAY,

NEW BUILDING, 865 WEST AVTH STHEET,
Open Sept 27th, Mr Ray now at school
Primary Interm diate and Collegivte grades. Indl

ok under professional teachers.

Classes Average eight
Seventy graduates fitted successfully for college
nee Year Book on request

vidua

gO

  

apweene: — ee

‘THE SCHOOL OF
COMMERCE, ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE

OF NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
OPENS OCTOBER 1, 1000.
For ANNOUNCEMENT, containing all toforme

fon, send postal to “Registrar of Uulversity, Wash
New York City

.
ington Squire

Dwight School

1S West 45 Street, New York City
Zist Year opens Sept, 26th,
High class private school for boys from 7 t 30

years of age ndividual attention given boys whose
Labo

 

education bas been irregular Large faculty.
tealories Gyrauasiuim Atbletics.
KINGSLEY SCHOOL [2a5°F:
Under Fourteen,

Individual training to healthy, manly. cultured sett.
mastery Ideal location tn hill country, 22 miles
from N.Y. Ciy. esidence new, roomy; al Improve
meuts Office hours, Tuesday, ¥-12 A. M, oom
$2.70 Fifto ave, Send for booklet to

JR CAMPBELL, Boa G, Essex Fells) New Jersey.

Collegiate School,

241 WEST SEVENTY-SEVENTH ST,
HEOPENS MONDAY, OCTOBER 1
Mr. My galt will be at tb ihouse daily, @ to 12

and 4 tu 6 u'clock,

scho

 

 

"THe RECTORY SCHOOL, New Milford, Lite
feld Co, Conn, Address Head-masver, Harvey
K. Taylor, formerly of Pomfret. Conn., or Mr. Charies
S. Everest. M.A
Referenee by permistton: Mrs Wm D. Black
Patroness of Ingleside.

bor Girls & Young Women City & Country,

The Veltin School for Girls.

 

 

College Preparation. Number of puptls limited (@
twelve h class
buep building. Elevator
160-163 WES! 74TH STREET.
1. t 1 fiISVE Figbth Year, opens Sep.
sth. Prepare for leading colleges Fring Bale
Mime, bite. | e, oficer dA ‘ademe OMetal, Del
eeate fF the t States tothe Internattonal Con-
giess t at Paris, 1M sa West Ends

 

 

KINDERGARTEN PRAINING CLASS,
127 West 1 Miss JACOBI, Prin.

for toung Men & Women—City & Counuy.

W YORK
PREPARATORY SCHOOL

 

 

 

 

KREGER 1S’ EN AMENAT OS,

Oldest, larg west toped school preparing
Students for Hegenls’ exar 4

Forevery ONE ‘ r d elsewhere tBis
show ‘ soot repared FIVE,

Hoch sexes. Ages frou t 5, Classes; private
lewson Course cover of ents for College,
Sclentifi Defeasonal Sc

New aay yering term 1 Oet Ist, 1000,

#5 West 44d st, New York,
200 Jorstomon St,, Braoktya,
—

 

Por Children—City and Countey,
I An M -Wiids r@ arte d Primary School, 187
West r e 7
Milas ¢ iA JACOBL, Prinetpab

usiness Colleges.

Long istaud Business Collega
Pah to 140 South Sih St, Brookiyu.
The bus wa tral Ing selool of tlodey tur young

DA \ \

; SESSIONS

He NARY OC Wit Prineipal
Annual Free Night Class,
t ia ree red before O«
I ; ‘ tably Avily et
soe . vars wv A. M, 4 P

sod ty pewritiag Tratateg Se eal,

te fogely
t 4 st., Room 2

    

THE MLLER SCHOOL |

YPEWSITING, BOUKKEEPING.

SHORTHAND,

 

   

DAV ¢ . NOV acAaTIoOné
No thetter S hoeol at Any Petce,”*
—
WALWORTH INSTITUTE,
10m PHO KR aAST E26 MSD
20 th WEST 420 ST
Shor ‘ y ond eventog, in Bao
keeping “A wwrling. & tadies’ De
partt \ ir
Kissick’s Lusiiess Institut
ISSiCKS bLUSlib63ss nsticute,
4540 t ' ir ‘ush, prae
vaste ‘ { Hider metho Ho
y i evriting $lo to 630
‘ ‘ . ‘ thematic
STEN ' ’ thik VP seiNh oP OWN
iV ib wt ‘ Hi NPs SCMOeL
THLE tA i\ 7 l IH Sl
BOOKKEEPING: Hrovdwey
how 1, Corre nidetew, ¢ hoy and byening
p" > rK, BROOKLYN, N.Y, ie
\ ad wy ;
tow Sohools
NEW YORK i tiaw School, 5S Naan
> hiveptog sol al, & West isthe
LAW SCHOOL | iin cnt Metuud’’ of tustrac
j tton, LJ. wo yea LIM. in three years
Send for catalogs ue op CHAS Dean
Schools of Languages
Ir PN \ VN ! ‘ erienced,
: i i West S4d at

Vousteal,

. vt ss wanted for
Ss the nhear t eal Soclely. Por

! » 45 Mast
th ' i -

schoots of Pivsteal Cultare,

OR. SAVATE SYMAACITN

 

 

 

 

 

ee