VOL, LIXV.—NO. 124,
SEEK RECEIVER FOR SEABOARD

TWO APPLICATIONS MADE YES-
TERDAY IN VIRGINIA,

Drasiic AntRatlroad Legisiation in the
South and Inability to Raise Money to
Meet Maturing Obligations Given as
Reasons—Provision for Some Coupons.

RicuMOnD, Va., Jan. 1.—Application for
the appointment of a receiver for the Sea-
board Air Line Railway Company was
made in this city to-day to Judge Edmund
Wacddill of the United States District Court.
He decided that in view of the large terri-
tory covered by that road it would be ad-
visable that the application should be made
to a Federal Circuit Judge.

Judge Jeter C. Pritchard of Asheville
was accordingly communicated with and
an arrangement was made by which a con-
ference was to be held with him to-night
in Danville, Va.

The decision to ask for a receiver for the
road was reached in Washington yesterday
after a conference of several interests. At
the Washington conference were Samuel
Untermyer of New York, John Skelton
Williams of this city, former president of
the Seaboard Air Line and representing the
minority stockholders; Lancaster Williams,
head of the Norfolk Traction Company, and
Eppa Hunton of Richmond, counsel for
Williams. The conferees, or the majority
of them, came to Richmond to-day.

Both John Skelton Williams and Randolph
Williams refused to discuss the matter when
approached on the subject to-night. John
Skelton Williams admitted that something
was going on, but said that he was not in a
position to divulge the nature of it. Hesug-
gested that the whole matter would becoine
public property to-morrow.

Leigh R. Watts, general counsel for the
Seaboard, it was reported from his home in
Portsmouth to-night, had gone south, it is
g@upposed to Danville.

RICHMOND, Va., Jan. Judge Pritch-
ard’s train arrived at Danville at 12:45
this morning. He conferred with Samuel
Untermyer and other counsel for the Sea-
board interests. The party will
2 o'clock for this city.

BaLtimorr, Jan. t.-News of the plan to
ask for a receivership came as a surprise
to the holders of Seaboard securities, of
whom there are many in this city. The
papers asking for the appointment of re-
ceivers will, it is stated, assert that on
account of drastic anti-railroad legislation
in certain of the Southern States, inability
to make prompt collections due to the
recent financial depression and heavy
expenditures for improvements, the road
finds itself unable to meet ite obligations.

On Monday a conference was held be-
tween some of the officials of the road and
local interests, at which the financial oon-
dition of the Seaboard was discussed, and
at this meeting it was intimated that a re-
ceivership would be necessary.

The interest on several iseues of under-
lying bonds of the Seaboard is due to-
morrow. Several days ago it was said
that the interests controlling the property
found ‘that difficulty would be encounterad
in obtaining sufficient funds for the pay-
ment of the coupons, and a plan was de-
vised whereby they are to be bought in.

Should there be a receivership for the
property, as is now expected, a commitiee
will be formed to look after the interests
of the holders of the extended three year
5 per cent. bonds of the Seaboard Air Line.
This committee will probably consist of
Mesers. F. S. Hambleton, Fred G. Boyce,
dr., John B. Ramsay, B. N. Baker, A. H. S.
Post and Douglas H. Gordon. These gentle-
men represent a large majority of the Sea-
board three year 5s, and it is probable that
similar committees will be formed to look
after the interests of the holders of the
Seaboard ten year 5a and the Seaboard
general mortgage 4 per cent. bonds, in
which local investors are largely interested.

The head of a Baltimore banking firm
largely interested in Seaboard interests
said that, as he understood it, the bill would
not be filed until to-morrow. He declared,
however, that thers would be no default
in the coupons due to-morrow, but that
a New York banking firm had arranged to
buy them in. It is understood here that
S. Davies Warfield of the Continental Trust
Company and repreeentative of the Ryan
interests, and John Skelton Williams of
Richmond, a large holder of Seaboard se-
curities, will be receivers.

In the railroad business the new year
was inaugurated by this application for
the appointment of receivers for the Sea-
board Air Line Railway Company, a cor-
poration with a capital stock of $62,000,000
and a bonded indebtedness of $58,000,000
and uperating 2,611 miles of road extending
between Washington and Norfolk to At-
lanta and Tampa.

The anti-corporation crusade in North

°

«

leave ut

ness and financial world, have fallen

in the past few months. The

of the company have had several

ings in this city in the past few days

have discussed plans for carrying the
party through ite difficulties.

Blair & Co. and Ladenburg, The!mann 4

.. bankers of this city, both of whom Lave

as fiscal agents for the Seaboard,

out a statement yesterday in which
they offered to pay interest coupons due
January 1 on the bonds of various of the
subsidiary companies and equipment trusts
and equipment bonds of the Seaboard Air
Line Railway Company maturing yester-
day or to-day. The offer was made after
& long conference between representatives
of the banking houses and Seaboard in-
teresta yesterday afternoon.

“In view of the impending defaults by
various subsidiary companies in payment
of interest on bonds,” the statement of
the bankers says, “and in order that the
integrity of the Seaboard Air Line Railway
aystem may be maintained pending an op-
portunity for the formulation’ of proper
plans for the adjustment of ite affairs the
undersigned offer to purchase the following
conpons:

Seaboard and Roanoke Railroad Com-

pany first mortgage 5% cent. bonds,
oRiem

— o

| Blair, H. Rieman Duval,

TS Se Sc

++NEW

firet & per cent. bonds, Raleigh |
and Augusta Air Line Railway first mortgage

8 per cent. bonds, Carolin Central Railroad

Company first consolidated mortgage 4

per cent. bonds, Georgia, Carolina and

Northern Railroad Company first mort-

gage 5 per cent. bonds, Georgia and

Alabama Railway first consolidated

mortgage & per cent. bonds, Florida

Central and Peninsular Railroad Com-

pany first mortgage 5 per cent bonds;

Florida Central and Peninsular Railroad

Company first mortgage land grant ex-

tension 5 per cent. bonds; Florida Central i
and Peninsular. Ra.!road Company first |
consolidated mortgage 5 per cent. bonds;

Florida West Shore Railway Company

first mortgage 5 per cent. bonds.

Also to the holders of such of the following
named bonds and certificates as mature
January 1, 1908, viz.:

Seaboard Air Line Railway’ 4% per cent. |
gold equipment bonds. series C; Seaboard |
Air Line Railway Equipment Trust Certifi-
cates, Series K, and to holdera of coupons
maturing January 1, 1968, representing in-
terest upon said goki equipment bonds, |
series C, and dividend warrants, represent- |
ing dividends, payable January 1, 1908. |
upon said equipment trust certificates,
Series K.

The notice specifies that the coupons
must be presented for payment at the |
Morton Trust Company on or before |
February 29 next. Meanwhile. it is ex-
pected, a plan will be formulated for the |
reorganization of the company.

is controlled through stock ownership by
the Seaboard Company, which was incor- |
porated in 1905 to acquire and hold the
capital stock of the railway company in |
accordance with a plan to provide cash for
improvements and to liquidate the floating
debt of the railway cotepany
The holding company owns four-fifths
of the stock. of the railway company. The
company is controlled by interests affiliated
|} with Thomas F. Ryan and Blair & Co. of |
| this city.
| $72,000,000, consisting of $18,000,000 first pre-
ferred, $18,600,000 second
$36,000,000 common. There ia outstand-
ing $6,360,000 firat preferred, about $16,-
000,000 second preferred and about $28,-
| 500,000 common.
| The plan for the organization of the
| holding company and all the steps of trans-
ferring control of the railway company to

li has an authorized capital of |

preferred and

the holding company were contested vigor-
ously by John Skelton Williams, formerly
| rreaiden of the Seaboard. Mr. Williams
| inherited a large stock ownership in the
; road and it was his contention that the
) control of the company was wrongfuliy
| taken from him and his associates. He has
| brought many actions in the courts to sus-
tain his contention, but has made no im-
pression on the organization as perfected by
the Ryan-Blair interests.
The ofticera of the company are:
W.

Presi-
A. Garrett; directors, James A.
N. S. Meldrum,
H. Clay Pierce, Ernat Thalmann, Y Van der
Berg, B. F. Yoakum, New York; T. Jefferson
Ceolidge, Jr., Boston; Thomas F. Ryan,
Oak Ridge, Va.; Townsend Scott, S. Davies

dent,

Warfield, Baltimore; ©. Sidney Shepard,
New Haven; George W. Watts. Durham,
N. C.; James H. Dooley, Richmond; W. A
Garrett, Norfolk; Norman B. Ream, Chicago
The railway company is a Virginia corpora-
tion and its general offices are in Ports-
month, Va.

The Seaboard Company has paic
dends only on its first preferred stock sinve |
the organization of the company. This

| stock is Sper cent. non-cumulative until 1910,
thereafter cumulative. Dividends were paid
in July, 1906, and January and July, 1907.

: the $67,000,000 stock of the Seaboard

|

'

Air Line Railway Company there ia out-
|
{

standing $25,000,000 preferred and $37,500,009

a4 |
1 divi-

common. The preferred stock im entitled
to 4 per cent. non-cumulative dividends,”
after which the common is entitled to 4
per cent. No dividends have as yet been
paid.

Both classes of stock are deposited in a
voting trust unti! 1910. The trustees are;
John Skelton Wiliiams, Thomas F. Ryan,
James A. Blair, T. Jefferson Coolidge, Jr.,

Yoakum and H. Clay Pierce.

The $58,000,000 bonded debt of the main
railway company is divided!into three classes
The interest on none of the bonds matures

of any of them. Last January the com-
pany sold, in addition to the $58,000,000
then outstanding, $7,300,000 collateral truet
thirty year gold fives. A semi-annual
instalment of interest on these is due on
February 1 at the Morton Trust Company.
There are, however, payments due to-day
on gold equipment bonds and equipment
trust certificates, as well as on bonds of
subsidiary companies.

TOLEDO’S GOLDEN RULE JUDGE.

He's Geing te Have Flags, Plants and
Mottoes in His Court Room.

ToLepo, Ohio, Jan, 1.—Judge Austin,
who will take charge of the police court
to-morrow morning, will adopt the “Golden
Rule” plan for dispensing justice

His first move to-day in preparing for his
new duties was to have mottoes placed on
the walls of the courtroom, Further touches
of adornment will be added by the installa-
tion of a large American flag and palms and
other plants.

Over the bench is the motto, “Do unto
others as you would have others do unto
you.” Other mottoes on the walls are:
“A wrong confessed is half redressed,”
“Men may rise on stepping stones of their
dead stives to higher things,” “Honor
and shame from no condition rise; act well
your part, there all the honor lies.”

Thesé mottoes are intended to have a
guiding influence uporf prisoners, attorneys,
court attachés and juries.

Judge Austin will ber all minors an
loafers from the court room. He has been
dubbed the Golden Rule Judge.

THEY’RE MARRIED,

And the Katz-Keny Pioneer License Will
Wear « Golden Frame.

Berthold Katz of 98 Lenox avenue and

Mies Cecelia Kony of 212 West ilith street,

the new law, were married at the bride's

home at 5 o'clock yesterday, by Alderman
Samuel Marx of the Thirty-third district,

who was elected last fall to succeed Elias ,
. The witnesses were City Court |

John H. McCarthy aod Tamman
William J. Wright. ,

- reer neeritt 2 res,

a ay. cbf, Hoth St —

; coolie immigration.

| enter your continental limita?

{
!
this month nor is there due the principal }
'
|

a | headed by the rich lumberman, W.

who secured the first marriage license under |

YORK. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2.

OUR DIFFERENCES WITH JAPAN

COOLIE IMMIGRATION AT PACIFIC
PORTS INCREASING,

Secretary Root Soe Informs Japan and Asks
That More Drastic Measures Be Taken
to Prevent It—Japan'® Respense Be-
Neved to Satisfy This Government.

Wasuinoron, Jan. 1.—Through the Amer-
ican Ambassador. in Tokio the Japanese
Government has sent a reaponse to the
United States to certain suggestions made
recently by Secretary Root as a basie for
bringing about an amicable settlement of
the differences between the two countries.
The suggestions made by Secretary Root
ore understood to be the outgrowth of re-
ports to the immigration bureau that, in
spite of the agreement between Japan and

the United States by which Japan was to |!

restrict its coolie immigration to continen-
tal America, more Japanese coolies were

' entering the United States than ever before.

The Japanese Government is extremely

; anxious that the United States Congress

shall not pass a bill excluding Japanese
It is quite as anxious

that the proposet restrictive measures

wn : ; i shall be entrusted to Japan more than to
The Seaboard Air Line Railway Company

the United States for execution. Accord-
ing to the understanding here, this Govern-
ment in making known to Japan that Japa-

; nese coolies were entering Pacific Coast
| ports in rapidly increasing numbers made
‘a diplomatic expreasion of opinion that a
' continuation of this state of affairs might

result in drastic action by the Congress
which would be regretted by the Federal
authorities. There is reason to believe
that this suggestion has borne fruit, and

| that Japan, in its answer to the American
| note on the subject, has indicated an inten-

tion to put into effect immediately positive
measures for preventing Japanese coolies
from entering the United States.

There are, of course, several matters of
difference between the two Governments
which will require considerable exchange
of views to obtain adjustment, but it is
said that the exchanges are being con-

| ducted in a most amicable manner and

that everything appears to be favorable
for a settlentent.

The tentative agreement entered into be-
| tween the United States and Japan for the
restriction’ of Japanese coolie immigration
into the United States provided that the
Japanese Government should issue emi-
gration passports to native laborers to
possessions of the United States which
were outside the continental boundaries.
There was no objection under this agree-
ment—in fact it was so provided—for the
iasue of passports to coolies to leave Japan
for the purpose of entering Hawaii, the
Philippines and the Panama Canal Zone.
But these passports would not permit such
coolies to enter the continental limits of
the United States.

Japanese coolies continued to arrive at
San Francisco and otfer Pacific Coast
ports in increasing numbers and complaint
was made to Japan that the agreement
was apparently not operating successfully.
To this Japan responded in effect with the
question: Why don’t you exclude all those

| Japanese who do not have passports to

Apparently,
| however, the United States was not saftistled
with this suggestion.
While there is no authority for the state-
ment, it is believed that many of the Japa-

them to enter this country, but if this ia so
there has been no charge of bad faith against

| nese cooties bore passports which enabled

| Japan, and there is no reason to believe that

the United States Governemnt was of the
opinion that Japan was not endeavoring
to live up to the spirit and letter of her
ggreement. The fact remains, however,

| that many Japanese coolies were getting

into the United States, and it was with a
view to finding a more effective means of

S. Davies Warfield, John B. Dennis, B. F. | Putting @ stop to this that the Washington

Government addressed the communication
| to Japan which has just been answered by
that Government.

KAISER ON ARMY SCANDALS.

Tells Generals te Extirpate Practices Re.
vealed in Harden Case.
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

Bern, Jan. 1.—The Kaiser, addressing
the Generals who attended his New Year's
reception, severely condemned the scandals
in the army revealed by the trial of Maxi-
milien Harden, editor of Die Zukunft, and
vigorously enjoined them to exterminate
every vestige of such ces and to use
all their energy to prevent their recur-
rence

BILLY SUNDAY SHUTS SALOONS.

lowa Has a Dry Holiday Because of Base-
ball Evangelist’s Work.

Des Motnes, logva, Jan. 1.—For the first
New Year's Day in the State's history the
saloons of Burlington and Davenport were
closed to-day, under the holiday law, and
in Muscatine all twenty-eight liquor shops
closed last night for good. ;

Although reform has made much head-
way in Burlington and Davenport the
saloon men were not any more of a mind to
close to-day than they were on Christmas
until Attorney-General Byers telephoned
from Des Moines that if the local authori-
ties did not shut the saloons he would close
up every one of them permanently. This
led to conferences of saloon men and they
agreed to abide by the law.

In Muscatine the closing of the saloons
is due to the Billy Sunday revival meetings
and the organization of a service league,
L.
| Rosch.

The Iowa liquor law requires the closing
of saloons on holidays and places many
,other restrictions on them, but the river
cities have always eet the law at defiance.

GEORGE ADE IN POLITICS.

Wants to Be a Fairbanks Deicgate to the
Chicago Convention.

INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 1.—-George Ade to-
night announced his candidacy for delegate
to the national Republican convention for
the Tenth district. ' :

He says in hie announcement that he
will support the candidacy of Mr. Fairbanks
and use every honorable means to compass
| his nomination.

It is understood that Mr. Ade has been
‘brought into the race by Purdue University
students, with whom he ie very popular
ana who have promised him their undivided
support.
all USHER’S the Scotch
iamous—AgL

After
inas Wade ine oighball

A. P. MITCHELL DEAD OF GAS.

Failure of Cigarette Firm.
Archibald P. Mitchell, a cigarette manu-
facturer, was found dead in his apartments,
, 360 West Seventy-firat street, at 12:30 yes-

| terday afternoon by Martha Johnson, a

| servant, who went to call him for luncheon,

The body, fully dressed, lay face down-
| ward on the bed. Gas poured into the room
from four open jets. The windows were
| closed.

street station after an investigation re-

ported that Mr. Mitchell had committed
suicide. Detectives learned that he was

last seen alive by James Sullivan, a hall-
boy, at 11 c’clack yesterday morning.

His wife, the police were tdéld, had not
been home the night before and it was
not until 3 o’clock in the afternoon that

| she heard of the death of her husband.
| She immediately drove to her apartments
| accompanied by Mrs. Dorothy Einstein,

Lillian Ruseell’s daughier. Mrs. Mitchell
was too prostrated to talk and the police
were unable to get from her anything that
would shed any light on her husband's
motive.

Detectives learned, however, that Mitchell
and his wife bad qiarrelled a few days
ago, but Mrs. Einstein denied
had been any trouble between them. She
said that Mrs. Mitchell had gone to the
theatre with her maid the night before,
leaving her husband at home. After the
performance Mra Mitchell went to Mrs.
Kinstein’s apartmenta and remained there
until she got the news of her husband's
death.

Mr. Mitchell had been associated with
William Camp in the manufacture of cigar-
ettes on West Forty-fourth street. The
concern failed a month ago and it is under-
stood that Mitchell lost heavily. His friends
attribute his act to the losses.

Mrs. Einstein said that Mrs. Mitchell
before her marriage was Augusta Herne,
daughter of a candidate for the Governor-
ship of West Virginia. She once enjoyed
a large income’ from her father, but she
incurred his displeasure a year and a half
ago and it was cut off. Her home. Mrs.
Einsteingsaid, was in Wheeling, W. Va.

“oroner Shrady and Coroner's Physician
Schultz made an investigation and said it
was obviously a case of suicide.

CUNARDERS TWICE A WEEK.

Steamers to Sail Wednesdays and Satur.
days te and Frem Liverpool,
Spectal Oable Despatch to Tar Sun.
Lonpon, Jan. 1.—After March 25 the
Cunard Line steamers will sail on Wednes-
days in addition to Saturdays. All the
steamers will continue to sail to and from

Liverpool
The Lusitania and Mauretania wil) start

ap hour earlier than heretofore.
WILL HAVE PRIMARIES IN ONTO.

Voters to Decide Between the Aspirations
of Taft and Foraker.

Cotumsvs, Ohio, Jan. 1.--The Ohio Re-
publican State committee to-morrow will
issue @ call for a State convention to meet
in the first or second week of February,
delagates to which shall be elected by
primaries to be held throughout the State
on the same day, the ballots to bear at the
heads of their three columns the words
“Taft,” “Foraker,” and “unpledged.”

This is the. declaration made to-night by
leaders of Secretary Taft's Presidential
campaign, and they speak with confidence,
inasmuch as the State committee already
is pledged in overwhelming majority to
the wishes of Secretary Taft. The vote
to-morrow is to be heavier for the Taft
programme than the vote, 16 to 5, by which
the War Secretary's Presidential candidacy
was indorsed by the committee, it is asserted
to-night.

Foraker leaders whg, deapite Senator
Foraker’s plea that a primary be held to
test the sentiment of Ohio voters as be-
tween himeelf and the Secratary, have been
opposing the primary idea insist to-nigh
that the State committee wil! give au
thority in the five big city counties to the
local conamittees to authorize selection of
delegates by ward primaries.

The Foraker leaders assert that such a
rule would give them a chance to split y
delegations. The Taft leaders say the
committee will provide absolutely that
delegates shall be chosen by vote of the
counties as a whole and they point to their
control of the committee as proof that they
can have what they want.

ROMANCE FROM HOLLAND.

The Statendam Brings Jacoba Zondcriand
te Be Married.

| When the Holland-America Line steam-
ship Statendam docked at Hobeken last
evening it brought Jacoba Maria Zonder-
land, a pretty Hollander, who came to
this country to join Klaas Sixma, Jr., 23
years old, a mechanical engineer ~ of
Schenectady, N. Y.

They went to the Amstel Hotel at 230
Hudson street and told the proprietor,
David Van Wyk, their story.

While a student, Sixma said, he fell in
love with Miss Zonderland and they were
betrothed. His father objected to the mar-
riage. “he agreed to join him in this country

asa soon as he had established a home here. |

He sailed four months ago and three Gays
after his arrival he got a good place in
Schenectady. He recently wrote to his
sweetheart in Delft that he was ready to

receive her.
In the office of Frank H. O'Keefe, Justice
of the Peace, at 61 First street they were
marriage

married, Van. Wyk translating the
form to the brid

WATAL HURT IN TROLLEY CRASH.

Passenger Has Skull Fractured in Rear End
Collision in Willlamebarg.

One person was fatally hurt and six
others were badly out by glass in a rear end
collision at 6 o'clock last night of trolley
cars at Broadway and Myrtle avenues,
Brooklyn. The cars were only a short
distance apart when the trolley pole of
the one ahead left the wire. The motor-
man applied his brake, but the other car

| couldn’t be stopped in time and the crash
| followed.

Both cars were crowded. Charlies Gas-
man, 26 years old, a passenger in the second
car, was jammed head Srst into the seat in
front of him and was take. out unconscious.

| Dr. Lehman of Bushwick \Tospital said that
Gasman’s skul) had been fi actured and that
he was dying.

The aix persons who we:e suffering from
cuts, mostly on their heads and faces, were
treated at the place of the

BO on were bound for
over t iamsburg Bridge ro raffic
was blocked fer an hour. =

obsees aioe Sass Bree

| The police of the West Sixty-eighth |

that there ,

-_———.

SOME Leech 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

| TROLLEY FRANCHISE MENACED | 7°

He Is Suppesed te Have Lost Money by |

NEW HAVEN ROAD ASKED AROUT
} WESTCHESTER LINES.

| Board ef Estimate’s Information Is That
Construction Has Been Stopped and
| the New Haven Is in Control—Reply
| From President Mellen Due To-day.

The Board of Estimate has practically
i threatened to revoke the franchises granted
| to the New York and Port Chester and the
| New York, Westchester and Boston rail-
j} road companies for the building of an
| electric railroad system between this city
/ and Connecticut unless some satisfactory
. explanation is given by the New York and
New Haven railroad company for the
stopping of all work on the new line for over
a year past. According to a statement made
yesterday by Chief Engineer Nelson P. Lewis
of the Board of Estimate the New Haven
company owns the controlling interest in
both companies and acquired it for the pur-
pose of preventing competition intke terri-
| tory it covers between Harlem and the Con-
nectieut border.
In the early part of 1908 W. C. Gotshall,
on behalf of the Port Chester company,

asked for a franchise to build an electric
line from Harlem to the city’s boundary line.
Little Tim Sullivan opposed the granting
of the application and later another com-
pany, tbe Westchester concern, made a
similar application.

Each company had 6) many advocates
in the board that neither could get the
necessary number of votes. After an in-

TRAD AY, JANWARY 2, 1908, ~
Fair and older to-day and to-morrow; light
/ west to northwest winds,

LAUNCH HUGHES BOOM,

That His Friends Wil Center To-
day im Albany.

ALBANY; Jan. 1.—It was reported to-
night that political friends of Gov. Hughes
would confer here to-morrow with a view
of suggesting a plan to launch the Hughes
boom for President in this State.

The names of Senators Page and Travis
and Superintendent of the Metropolitan
Elections District William Leary were
mentioned in connection with the reported
conference. .

Gov. Hughes has not yet acted on the
charges filed with him upon which a re-
quest for Mr. Leary’s removal from office
is based. Robert S. Fuller, the Governor's
secretary, said to-night that he had heard
of such a reported conference; but that the
Governor had no knowledge of it.

CECILIA LOFTUS OPERATED ON.

The Actress Comes Through the Ordeal
Nicely--Farly Recovery Expected.

Miss Cecilia Loftus, the actress, was
operated on yesterday afternoon for ap-
pendicitis at Miss Alston's sanitarium, 26
West Sixty-first street. Miss Loftus it
was said last night was doing nicely and
would probably be out again in two or
three weeks.

Dr. Nathan Oppenheim of 50 East
Seventy-ninth street is in attendance upon
Miss Loftus. :

BURGSTALLER FORGIVEN.

Frau Wagner Fngages the Tenor to Appear
Again at Bayreuth.

Ajois Burgstaller, the tenor, who is not

to sing for several weeks as a result of his

vestigation into bribery charges the board | accident in Hoboken last week, received

gave franchises to both companies and

the next development was the selling out

of the Port Chester to the Westchester.

One of the terms of the franchise was that

the companies must spend at least $1,000,000

in constructive work or forfeit the franchiee.
On January 1, 1906, the Board of Estimate
made an inquiry to determine whether
the company had lived up to its contract,
and on the plea that the company had
spent more than a million dollars on plant
and materials decided not to enforce the
revoking clause. Since then, according to
Mr. Lewis, the company has apparently
done no constructive work. Mr. Lewis
has found that the stock is held by a hold-’
ing company and that the control of this
holding company is held by the New Haven
railroad.

“So confident of this fact am I,” Mr.
Lewis said yesterday, “that, obeying in-
structions given to me by the Board of
Estimate, I wrote to the New Haven com-
pany asking if the company intended to
go ahead with the building of the electric
road, The resolution passed by the board
also directed that the company should
send in ita reply on or before January 1.
The meaning of the resolution was that if
the company did not comply with the

franchiae

Westchester

directions of the resolution
granted to the Port Chester
companies would be revoled.”

Yesterday afternoon President Mellen
of the New Haven road telephoned to Mr.
Lewis that the company’s reply to the
board’s resolution had been mailed too
late for delivery within the time stipulated
but that it would reach the Mayor this
morning.

New Haven, Conn., Jan. 1.—President
Mellen of the New Haven road said to-night
that he had not heard of any threat on the
part of the New York city authorities or
any other officials to revoke the trolley
franchises. To-day, on request, he filed
with the New York Board of Estimate an
enrolment of this property.

BIBLE FINDS GENUINE.

Prof. Sanders Replies te Doubting Minis-
ters—Unedited Bibie Readings. ~

Derrortr, Jan. 1.— Prof. Henry A. Sanders
of Michigan University made a hot retort
to-day to certain ministers who have cast
doubts upon the authenticity of the newly
found Biblical writings recently brought
from Egypt by Charles L. Freer.

“They simply don’t know what they
are talking about,” he said. “The prin-
cipal trouble with all known Biblical writ-
ings is that they have been edited by stu-
denta of the gospel, and other scholars
and antiquarians have not a single, pure
original to examine. The principal value
of the new verse I quoted is in that it shows
that the writings Mr. Freer has were not
subject tc the influences through which
most other Biblical writings have passed.

“The passage which has excited the most
comment, ‘The limit of the years of the
power of Satan has been fulfilled,’ is in
reality the least important part of the dis-
covery of this new verse. The important
part ie that it suggests the strong proba-
bility that in further translations we shal!
be able to find other verses to give us a true
line on Biblical writings in the origina! and
before Biblioal students edited them.

“Prof. Hogarth of the British Museum
recommended that the British Museum
purdhase the same volumes which M. Freer
bought later. There was no question raised
at any time as to their genuineness.

“There are between 300 and 400 pages to
this work, and it must have taken the
writer many months to complete it. It
is a remarkable exhivition of penmanship
of the period. Every letter is separate.”

MAN IN THE DUMBWAITER.

Came New Year's Calling on H. Wenzel
and Was Liberally Harpooned.
Wenzel’s family was considerably
last evening by a man rolling out
of the dumbwaiter with the observation
that he’d “come to pay a New Year's call.”
H. Wenzel lives on the top floor of a five
story apartment house at 133 West Eighty-
third street, and the mysterious stranger
had come all the way up hand over hand.
H. Wenzel undertook to throw him down
again heels over head.
While he engaged in the attempt Mrs.
| Wenn sourried over to the fire house
across the way and got out the whole com-
| pany with hooks and barpoons and other
| things that are good to stab burglars with.
They arrived at No. 133 in time to hear a
cataclysm of crockery down the dumb-
waiter shaft. Tho dumbwaiter, with the
stranger aboard, had got stuck on the seo-
ond floor, and H. Wenzel busily was throwing
all the loose di and tea kettles and
sau at his
bombardment got too hot the
crawled into the second floor

Sears rtcca it

| wx

f

some compensation yesterday in the shape
of a letter from Frau Cosima Wagner saying
that she counted on him to appear next
summer at Bayreuth as Parsifal and Sieg-
fried. Mr. Burgstaller cabled his accept-
ance.

This enda a famous operatic quarrel.
Burgstaller was trained at Bayreuth, made
his début and gained his reputation there.
Mme. Wagner never forgave him for sing-
ing Parsifal at the Metropolitan, although
the tenor protested that Mr. Conried had
compelled him to appear in the opera. Last
summer they met for the first time since
“Paresifal” was sung here. Both Siegfried
Wagner and Mme. Wagner heard Burg-
staller’s explanation and the result will be
the reappearance of the singer in the festival
performances next summer.

JERSEY CITY R. R. FINED.

Public Service Corporation Will Appeal
Case of Overcrowdhiz.

Police Judge Frank J. Higgins of the
First Criminal Court, Jersey City, yester-
day morning acquitted’ the Public Service
C tion on one charge of violating the
no seat no fare ordinance in overcrowding
a Greenville trolley car on November .23,
and adjudged it guilty on another charge
of carrying 60 Many passengers on another
car between the hours of 5:30 and 7 P. M.
on November 2% from the Pennsylvania
Railroad terminal that a detective from
whom a fare was demanded was unable to
get a seat.

The company was fined $50, the penalty
provided in the ordinance. William D.
Edwards, counsel for the company, an-
nounced that the case will be taken to the
Supreme Court.
JOST HIS MARRIAGE LICENSE.
Dr. Richards Had te Hurry Down Town

and Get Another.

City Clerk Scully kept his new marriage
license bureau open yesterday in the ex-
pectation that there would be a rush for
perinits to wed, but up to 2 o'clock in the
afternoon there had been only sixteen
applications. Then Mr. Scully gave his
overworked staff permission to close up
and go home. The bureau in fact would
not have been kept open until that hour
but that some time before Dr. John H.
Richards of 164 West Seventy-ninth straet
telephoned to Mr. Scully that he had ob-
tained a marriage license on Monday, but
had lost it, and pleaded for time to get down
to the City Hall to get another, because
he wished to marry in the afternoon. Mr
Scully accommodated him and Dr. Richards
got a duplicate of the firat license.

UNION MEN CARELESS DRINKERS.

Trouble Ahead for Those Caught With
; Unfair’ Booze Inside.

The Bartenders Union, whose new button
for bartenders was displayed yeaterday for
the first time, sent scouts to the different
saloons and cafés to find out if union men
in other trades asked to see if the bartenders
wore the new button, a description of which
was sent about ten days ago to the various
unions.

The leaders of the union say that many of
the union men in other trades have a de-
praved taste for non-union drinks, and any
union man caught imbibing drinks sup-
plied by bartenders who cannot show the
new button will be reported to his union.
Some union men, it was said last night,
were caught drinking non-union highbalis
on the aly, and the union scouts have their
names and will insist on their unions calling
them to task.

LONG MEN TO BOOST FAIRBANKS,

Clab of Six Foot Republicans Forming in
His interest in Chicago.

Cuicaco, Jan. 1.—Tall men in Chicago
are asked to sit up and take notice. If they
are tall enough they may become charter
members of the Fairbanks Club, now incu-
bating. They must be at least six feet tall,
however, and if they should chance to be
taller e0.much the better.

The organizers of the Fairbanks Club have
decided that diminutive men have had their
share of the world’s administrative honors.
They want to see a tall man in the Presi-
dent's chair; hence the peculiar qualifica-
tions for membership.

Charles Warren Fairbanks is 6 feet 4%
inches in length. The organizers of the
unique chub feel that his candidacy shold
therefore be popular with tall men. The
Fairbanks tall hat and the Fairbanks frock
coat will be worn aa insignia of rank,

Rewarded.
Atiantio City, N. J.; Jan. 1.—Dovglas
Gibeon, a Boardwalk cbair pusher who has

PRICE TWO CENTS.

THE LEGISLATURE ORGANIZES

BUT WADSWORTH WON'T TELL
WHO'LL BE THE LEADER

TU Next Monday, When He Wil Give Out
Committee List—Gev. Hughes's Ballot
Reform Suggestion Colfly Received
im the Senate—Some Important Bilis,

ALBANY, Jan. 1.—The wheels of legislation
will begin to grind next Monday night.
After the two houses of the Legislature
organized to-day they adjourned until
that time. Speaker Wadsworth carried his
point in preventing a week's adjournment
as is usually the case. He says he will have
his committee appointments ready at that
time, and as the recess is only taken to
accommodate the Speaker he had no
trouble in having his wishes complied with.

The greatest uncertainty is felt as to how
the committee chairmanships are to be given
out. So far Speaker Wadsworth has not
given a definite indication as to whom he
willappoint. A little action to-day, though,
makes it appear beyond a question of doubt
that Speaker Wadsworth will appoint As-
semblyman Edwin A. Merritt, Jr., chair-

} man of the Ways and Means Committee,
| which carries with it the majority leadership.

j

When Col, Baxter declared Speaker Wads-
worth reelected he named as the committes

to escort the Speaker to the chair Mr. Mer-

ritt and Minority leader Palmer. The

two leaders are always named as the com-

mittee to perform this function. Still

Assemblyman Phillips of Allegany hasn't

given up hope. His candidacy is known to

embarrass the Speaker.

The Cities Committee chairmanship is
still the bone of contention. State Chair-
man Woodruff and Herbert Parsons, presi-
dent of the New York county Republican
committee, are here and saw the Speaker
to-day and urged the appointment of
Assemblyman Charles F. Murphy of Brook-
lyn for that position. It is looked upon
as almost sure that Mr. Murphy will get
the place, although the Speaker would like
to accommodate Francis Hendricks of
Syracuse, who wants Assemblyman Fred
Hammond to have it.

The Speaker says he wil! not make known
in even an unofficial way his selections
before next Monday night. He and Assem-
blyman Merritt are warm personal friends
and the Speaker realizes that he must have
the support of the St. Lawrence member
this year, for he is considered to be the ablest
member of the lower house and during
the last two years has been of invaluable
assistance to the Speaker. Still Assembly-
man Phillips also rendered valuable aid
to the Speaker in his apportionment fight
last seasion.

The reading of the message of the Gov-
ernor to the Legislature was listened to with
rapt attention to-day. Many were the
comments, though, that the document was
not as forceful a one as had been expected
and contained none of the us sur-
prises that the message of @ year ago did.
What caused more surprise than anything
else was the fact that the Governor did not
even hint at economy in handling the State's
affairs of finance, but instead he urged
measures that call for increased expendi-
tures.

When the Governor's recommendation for
the Massachusetts ballot law was read
there were some who smiled out loud.
Senator Raines expressed the opinion of all
the Senators and Assemblymen who have
been opposed to such a change in the ballot
law of this State when he said that it was
ot to be thought of.

“The Governor merely wants,” he said,
“to have a man's name appear on the ballot
but once, and in so doing he abolishes
the party column but leaves the party
emblem. This would necessitate the mark-
ing of a ballot fifteen or twenty times, I
am afraid if the Governor had such a law
in force at the next election the vote would
be from 100,000 to 200,000 below the pormal.
Such a ballot law would mean that Tarm-
many Hall would have control of New Yor
city for the next half century.”

While there were some who believed
the, Governor would recommend the repeal
of the Percy-Gray betting law there was
considerable surprise manifested /over the
decided position taken by the Governor
in that part of the message. This will
be the third session that an effort has been
made to have that section of the law re-
pealed, but this is the first time that a Gov-
ernor has given official approval to the
attempt. The man who first started the
agitation, A. 8S. Gregg of the National
Reform Bureau, is not here now, ‘having
been transferred to Canada. While Mr.
Gregg stoutly denied it there was always
® suspicion that he was here acting in the
interests of William Randolph Hearst in

; his effort to get even with Auguat Belmont.

It was even intimated that the season the
Governor sidestepped doing anything
about the Percy-Gray betting law last
winter was on that account.

However, there will be not a little opposi-
tion to the repeal of the law, for Senator
Raines indirectly showed that he was op-
posed to making any change. He said that
while the Governor advocated making a .~
direct appropriation to the fair, societies
there might come years when there would
be no State moneys available for such a
purpose

“The Governor,” he said, “wants the
Legislature to enact a law that will conform
with the Constitution. I believe the Legia-
lature should do so. But when such a law
is passed can it be enforced any better than
the one which prohibits betting outside of
racetracks? I don't believe that the Legis-
lature should pass laws that will not be
enforced.” ae

Senator Travis and Assemblyman Green
of Brooklyn will start the fight for the direct
nominations bill at once. They will intro-
duce a bill Monday night which will provide
for permissive direct nominations, as recom-
mended by the Governor.

Senator Page, as was to be expected, was
the first to introduce a bill to carry out the
Governor's recommendations in his mes-
sage. It provided for the continuance of
the present New York City Charter Revision
Commission or the appointment of their
successors by the Governor to draft a new
charter. Senator Page wanted the bill
advanced to a third reading, but Senator
McCarren objected. He said the men who
composed the present commission were only
ordinary.

The organization of the Assembly was
attended without any outward sign of
bitterness, and the friends of Col. Baxter
ig the lower House, while sorry that he has
been retired, are willing to let the incident
pass. But other friends of Col. Baxter

oor baits» 5)