priced,

value
ig, the
ng its

ere it

Wwe tell |

ilar re-

ctions,

rawers,
id, fine
iy drop

‘0 out.
he mar-

; richly

 

pire de-
hial de-
ial de-

ir reduc-

 

 

 

i

m

{
i

VOL, LXXL—NO. 158,

 
 

ON THE EVE OF WAR.

All Signs Point to Immediate
Hostilities,

MOMENTOUS DECISION AT TOKIO,

 

Movements of the Japanese Fleet
Kept Secret.

 

Will It Intercept 6,000 Russian Troops
Sent on Transports From Port Arthur
Under Escort of Warships and Due
at Chemulpo To-day?—Russian Force
Massing on the Yalu River and, Maybe,
Crossing It—Rumors That Peace Ne-
gotiations Have Been Broken Of.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Feb. 5.—Any view framed on
the latest Far Eastern despatches can
hardly be other than that the war cloud
is about to burst. The concentration of
Russian troops on the Yalu River, which
has been frequently mentioned in de-
epatches to THE SuN, is proceeding steadily.

It is added that many of the troops have
already crossed the Corean frontier.

The departure of the Russian fleet from
Port Arthur, whether, as reported, to cover
the transportation of troops to Chemulpho
or not, is regarded here as little short of a
direct menace.

Some correspondents at Tokio declare
that the question of war has passed the
debatall: stage.

A prominent London commercial firm
trading with Japan received a cipher mes-
sage yesterday afternoon cancelling the
execution of a large order which was ,
about to be despatched. The circum- |
stances connected with the transmission of |
the message indicate that the Russo-Jap- |
anese negotiations have been broken off. |

On the other hand, it is contended in |
St. Petersburg that the continued delay
in presenting the Russian reply keeps open
the door of hope. It is announced that
the opinions of the heads of the various
Government departments concerned have
not yet been ali received, and that the
reply will not be sent until they are all re-
ceived. It is added that even the probable
date of sending the reply to Japan cannot
yet be fixed.

The Japanese Legation in London says |
that the warlike newspaper despatches do ,;
not justify pessimism. The officials say
that the Russian reply may be expected an
day, but, pending its receipt, the aban-
donment of hope is needless. i

The legation admits, however, having
received official information of greatly in- }
creased military activity by the Russians }
in Manchuria. '

It has also been informed that the i
Japanese at Vladivostok have been warned !
to be ready to leave. According to the
newspapers, if the Japanese at Vladivostok
have not withdrawn when the declaration
of astate of siege is made they will be sent to
Khabarovsk.

Among the speculations on the reasons

 

Port Arthur is one which suggests that it
has gone to intercept the new Japanese
cruisers Nisshin and Kasaga, which are
dne to arrive in Japanese waters in a few
days,

Meanwhile not a word can be learned of
the movements of the Japanese fleet, owing
to the thoroughness with which the cen-
sorship is being enforced. |

A despatch to the Daily Mail from Tokio |
saystit cannot be doubted that Japan has |
preliminary knowledge of the nature of
Russia's answer, but it is insisted in some
quarters that the reply will never be sent.

This view is strengthened by the news
of Russian war preparations.

The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Times says it is now almost impossible
to believe that war can be averted.

Russia will make no concession. The
Crar’s hesitation has been overcome.

Sr. PETeRsBvURG, Feb. 4.—It is officially
announced that officers of all regiments of
the Guards will be allowed to volunteer
for service in the Far “ast. This is re-
garded as ominous and significant.

|

caeecienee oomaruboeesrsam

HAS JAPAN DECIDED TO ACT?

Momentous Events Expected to Proceed
From the Conference at Tokio.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

Toxto, Feb. 4.—The Emperor to-day
presided at another important conference
of the Ministers and elderastatesmen. It
is believed that a momentous decision
was taken.

The hope of peace has almost wholly
disappeared.

Prime Minister Katsura and Foreign
Minister Komura gave a dinner to-night
to eighteen of the leading members of the
upper house of the Diet, to whom they ex-
plained in detail the exact situation and
narrated the history of the recent negoti-
ationa. ‘

The censorship has not been relaxed, and
it is therefore impossible to send much
news, The Jiji Shimbun advises the Gov-
ernment to accord more liberal treatment
to the foreign correspondents in this re-
spect.

6,000 RUSSIANS OFF TO COREA,

Japanese Fleet May Intercept Them To-
lay at Chemulpo.
Spectat Cable Despatches to THE Sun.

Stoun, Feb. 4.—It is stated that 6,000
Russian troofs have embarked on trans-
Ports at Port Arthir and sailed for Corea, |
escorted by warships. j

It is expected that the troops will land |
at Chemulpo to-morrow, unless they are |
stopped by the Japanese fleet.

If they land it is understood that they
will march to Seoul, the Corean capital.

London, Feb. 4.--The report from Seoul
of the departure of Russian troops from
Port Arthur for Corea is not confirmed

 

 

 

 

 

| tion of Manchuria.

| ends.

for the departure of the Russian fleet from
|

 

from other sources, but it is believed to be
true,

A news agency despatch from Tokio
says that the Japanese Government has
received information that all the Russian
warships at Port Arthur, except one that
is being repaired, have sailed for an un-

! known destination.

Troops are being moved continually
northward toward the Yalu River.

The Russian General in command at
Viadivostok has notified the Japanese |
residents that he will require them to leave |
the city in case of war.

A cable despatch to the Evening News
from Pekin says that official news has been
received there that the Japanese Gov-
ernment has decided to refuse any further
negotiations with Russia. She will take
free action at once. This is interpreted as
meaning that war will be begun at once.

The Japanese Legation says it has not
received any confirmation of the Evening
News despatch.

It is believed here that Japan’s present
deliberations concern an intimation that
Count Lamsdorff’s attitude as to Man-
churia, which the Czar is understood to
support, includes a declaration that Rus-
sia'’s expenditure on the Manchurian Rail-
way entitles her to maintain a position in
Manchuria enabling her to protect the line,
which China's weak control of the Manchus
precludes. Russia is willing to recognize
Japan's right to extend, develop and create
commercial! outlets in Manchuria as well as
in Corea.

The Japanese Legation does not know
the attitude of its Government on this
proposition.

Count Benckendorff, the Russian Ambas-
sador, had a long conference this afternoon
with the Marquis of Lansdowne, Secretary
of State for Foreign Affairs.

In the House of Commons to-day Earl
Percy, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs,
said the Government declined to make
any statement as to any action it might
have taken with regard to the negotia-
tions between Japan and Russia. He
added that it had made frequent representa-
tions to Russia as to the delay in the evacua-

 

 

~
COREA ON VERGE OF PANIC.

English Families Prepare to Depart—-Massa-
cres Feared.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

Sr. PETERSBURG, Feb. 4.—Corean reports
received in St, Petersburg represent panic |
and depression at all the seaports, where {
massacres of Europeans are feared. Many ;
of the British residents are preparing to j
send their families to Shanghai. t

Every Japanese steamer arriving at !
Corean ports brings many Japanese of- |
ficers and soldiers disguised. Such num- i
bers have now arrived that the Russians |
regard their presence as equivalent to |
secret occupation of the country.

Reports arrive of terrible cold in Eastern |
Siberia and Manchuria, the mercury some- !
times reaching 80 degrees below zero. |

Russia’s efforts to conciliate foreign, |
especially American, opinion continue to
be marked, although some of the newspa-
pers declare angrily that the United States
is working in the Far Fast for her own
They point out insistently that in
the eyent of war the Americans will profit |
largely through supplying food to the com. |
batants.

JAPS MOVING ON COREA.

Hong Kong Hears of 8,000 Troops Landed
There tn Plain Clothes,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Hona Kona, Feb. 4.—Trustworthy ad-
vices from Japan state that the Japanese
are Janding many soldiers in Corea in
civilian attire. It is reported that the
Chinese Minister in Japan has advised
Pekin that 8,000 Japanese troops have
already been despatched to Corea.

The banks here are advised that the
Japanese banks are beginning to sell gold
cautiously. This is taken to indicate a
better feeling.

It is reported that the Chinese Govern-
ment intends to send twenty regiments to
Shan-hai-kwan for the protection of the
railway, but fear is expressed that Russia
may refuse to permit this and that thus a
rupture between China and Russia may be
caused,

IMMINENT PERIL

mm

 

IN COREA,

Seoul Threatened by the Emperor’s Own
Guard—Plunder Rife.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Stn.

Lonpon, Feb. 5.—The Daily Mail has
superseded its correspondent at Seoul, who
attacked the Americans in his despatches.
It has received from his successor a de-
spatch depicting the internal state of Corea
as most dangerous.

He says there are 9,000 undisciplined
armed coolies and soldiers in the capital
who are employed to defend the Emperor.
They march the streets day and night.
Numbers of the soldiers, however, are de-
serting daily with their arms and ammuni-
tion. Raiding and plundering of villages
go on unchecked,

The legations have vainly protested
against the presence of these undisciplined
guards in Seoul, The diplomats concur
in the belief that the city would have been
sacked but for the foreign troops there.

WASHINGTON EXPECTS WAR.

News of Salling of Troops for Corea—Japs’
Plan to Cut Russian Ratlroad.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.—Optimism over the
Far Fastern crisis gave way to pessimism at
the State Department to-day as a result of
various reports which indicated that there
had been a change for the worse. One
report is that Japanese at the Siberian port
of Viadivostok have been ordered to leave.

The Department has also news that the
Russian fleet has sailed from Port Arthur
for a destination not disclosed, but it is
suspected that the fleet has gone to Viadi-
vostok, which, it is now surmised, is to
be the Russian base of operations,

The Department also declares that six
regiments of Russian troops have left New-
chwang, Manchuria, for Corea, but the sender
of this information was unable to con-
firm it. This is the most serious indica-
tion of war that has as yet been received.

Diplomats here have heard that the
Japanese Government has been maintaining
such an excellent spy system in Manchuria
that at the first outbreak of hostilities it
will be possible to destroy all culverts and
bridges on the Russian railway in that
province, and thus cut off the Russians from
their base of supplies.

The Japanese (iovernment has cabled
to all its diplomatic establishments the
news that the Russian fleet has left Port
Arthur.

Russian Squadron Leaves Suez.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Svxz, Feb, 4.—The Russian cruiser Osly-
abya, the transport Saratoff and three tor-
pedo boat destroyers sailed hence for the
Far East this morning.

Burnett's Vanilla Extract
Is sole by all the beat grocers everywhere, try @

 

} ton Trust Company and Thomas F.Ryan,

asa aeeeepe pnpeseneresscentsppesreneeseeemseee ee pe
i

 
 

| SHIPYARDS PLAN AGREED ON,

THE UNTERMYER BONDHOLDERS
CONSENT TO NEW COMPANY,

 

It Will Haye Three Millions In Bonds and
Thirty Millions in Stock—Pliny Fisk
Succeeta Max Pam on the Come
mittee—Elihu Root as Counsel.

At the request of the Sheldon reorgani-
zation committee Receiver James Smith,
Jr., has formulated and the Schwab-Shel-
don and Untermyer interests have adopted
a modified plan for the reorganization of
the United States Shipbuilding Company.
The acceptance of the plan by the protec-
tive bondholders’ committee, to which
Samuel Untermyer is counsel, will end the
litigation instituted to prevent the adop-
tion of the first Sheldon plan. It is believed
that the only important bondholding inter-
est outside of those named, the Common-
wealth Trust Company, will also assent.

The plan follows closely the forecasts
already published. It provides for $3,000,-
000 of ten year 6 per cent bonds; $15,000,000
of 7 per cent. non-cumulative preferred
stock, and $15,000,000 of common stock.

The holders of the present “Bethlehem”
bonds may subscribe at 874 per cent. for
$150 in new bonds for each $1,000 of exist-
ing “Bethlehem” bonds. Holders of the
present first mortgage bonds who assent
to the modified plan may subscribe at
8744 per cent. for $100 in the new bonds
in respect of each $1,000 of present first
mortgage bonds.

Assenting holders of Bethlehem bonds
get 90 per cent. in new preferred stock and
assenting holders of first mortgage bonds
40 per cent. in new preferred stock. Of
the common stock, assenting holders of
both classes of bonds are entitled to 60 per
cent,

The floating indebtedness of the ship-
building company and subsidiary companies
is to be paid or assumed by the new com-
pany. Under the plan, the fixed gharges
of the company will amount to $897,550 a
year.

There will be nine directors of the new
company and the first board is to be selected
by agreement between the reorganization
committee and James Smith, Jr., the re-
ceiver, and Thomas F. Ryan, representing |
the syndicate managers.

Tho reorganization committee, George |
R. Sheldon, chairman; Charles 8. Fair-
child, John E. Borne, Pliny Fiek and Charles |
W. Wetmore, have arranged with the Mor-

as syndicate managers, for the purchase |
and sale of the entire $3,000,000 bond issue |
at 8714, or $2,625,000. ‘The syndicate man-

agers have arranged with Harvey Fisk &

Sons, who are participants in the syndicate, |
for the disposal of such bonds as shall be {
taken by holders of the old bonds. j

Pliny Fisk takes the place on the re- |
organization committee of Max Pam, of
whose retirement this official statement {
was made: '

In view of the attacks that have been made
upon the reorganization committee in the |
course of the pending litigation on the ground
that Mr. Schwab's personal attorney was 4
member of the committee and one of its
counsel, and in order that there should be no '
occasion or excuse for any assertion that Mr.
Schwab was dominating or controlling in |
the reorgan(zation, Mr. Pam decided to re- ij
lieve the situation.

Elihu Root has been made counsel to the |
managers of the syndicate. ‘ '

The first step in putting the new plan into |
effect will be the foreclosing of the mort-

age on the Shipbuilding company. The

ntermyer suits will be discontinued and
the receiver will assent to the foreclosure.
The name of the new company has not
been definitely determined, but it is under-
stood that it will be called the Bethlehem
Steel and Shipbuilding Company.
{n explanation of his acceptance of the
modified plan, Samuel Untermyer, counsel
to the bondholders’ committee, made this
statement last night:

Under the guidance of the receiver we bave
at last evolved a plan which does a fair meas-
ure of justice to the bondholders, it ia in
striking contrast to the Sheldon plan which
precipitated this contest. The final collapse
and abandonment of that attempt to con-
fiscate the bonds are a reminder that security
holders who choose to invoke the protection
of the law and have the courage to assert
their rights can always safeguard their in-
terests. *

It has been arranged that Mr. Max Nathan
of the protective committee shall become a
member of the new reorganization com-
inittee; that Mr. Pam leaves the committee
and Mr. Pliny Fisk takes his piace that all
the charges and expenses of the protective
committee are borne and paid as part of the
expense of reorganization; that the oom-
mittee as reconstituted with the receiver
selects the new board of directors, These
changes insure @ committee and a board of
directors free from the domination of Mr.
Schwab and a management that many be
relied upon te do justice to the security hold-
ers of the new company,

The rights of the protective committee
and bondholders represented are secured
through the receiver, who is there to repre-
sent their interests.

Upon a conservative valuation of the new
securities, valuing the preferred stock at
76 andthe common at 25, the present bonds,
under the new plan, will be worth about 50
cents on the dollar, as against 12 cents, which
was their market value under the Sheldon
plan, The shipyard plants have been egtie
mated to be worth about $6,000,000, which
is 40 cents on the bonds, so that this plan
reserves to first mos thege bondholders
in new securities their full proportion of the
properties in which they ure interested,

The adoption of the plan should not inter-

fere with the efforts of the receiver to de-
feat the fraudulent bonds.

Mr, Untermyer said that the expenses of
his committee which will be cared for in the
reorganization expenses had not been as
much as $200,000. Hesaidthey had not been
that much, but he would not name the
exact figures.

CAN'T EXAMINE GEORGE C. BOLDT,

Supreme Court Justice Leventritt granted
yesterday a motion to vacate the order
obtained in October last by Col, John C,
Calhoun of 27 William street for the exam-
ination of George C. Boldt in connection
with Col, Calhoun’s suit to recover $825,000
from the Trust Company of the Republic.

Col, Calhoun alleges that he entered into
a contract with the Trust Company of the
Republic, of which Mr. Boldt is a director,
by which Calhoun agreed to float $3,000,000
worth of the bonds in London.

He was to receive 5 per cent. of the face
value and a bonus of 25 per cent. in both
preferred and common stock. The bonds
were to be sold at 90, and Calhoun says that
in October, 1902, he had ere peed arrange-
ments with several English banking houses
who agreed to take up all the bonds.

Before he could deliver the securities,
however, he was notified that the bonds
had been turned over to the Sheldon gyn-
dicate at 70.

BRACKETT TO THE RESCUE.

The Senator Is Out to Uphold the Rights
of the Injured, He Says.

ALBANY, Feb. 4.—Senator Brackett, it is
reported, is to offera resolution calling for a
legislative investigation of the United States
Shipbuilding Company's affairs. It would
not be surprising if the resolution were
amended so as to empower the committee
to investigate other financial questions in
connection with corporate affairs,

 

Senator Brackett said to-night: “If it is
found that the rights of the ple have
been trampled upon I shall ask for an in-

vestigation of the SP ae oompany
by the Legislature, 1 think that the rights
of the public in a matter of this kind ought

to be vindicated.”

This is the first public declaration that
has been made by Gov. Odell and Senator
Brackett, and the Governor’s bondhold
friends consider that they constitute the
public. :

It was said to-ni
on this end by the

t that the investigation
overnor and his friends

might lead to a Grand Jury investigation.

ey en

ODELL WANTS HIS MONEY BAOK.

Talks of Suipg Here—Hint From Albany
of Legisiative Investigation.

A report came from Albany yesterday
that a resolution might be introduced in
the Senate calling for a legisiative investi-
gation of the United States Shipbuilding
Company's affairs. Senator Edgar T.
Brackett of Saratoga was, named as the
champion of the resolution.

Gov. Odell also is planning to mix openly
in the litigation over the ec puneny. He
hds put in the hands of Edward Lauter-
bach $240,000 of United States Shipbuilding
bonds which he secured as a member of
the original underwriting syndicate. Mr.
Lauterbach refused yesterday to tell what
instructions the Governor had given to him
in regard to the bonds.

“I am acting in this case,” said Mr. Lau-
terbach, “as the Governor’s attorney, just
as I might act for any one else who had put
money into something and wanted to try
to get it out again. The Governor put
money into these bonds, and he has put the
bonds into my hands to see if I can get
some of the money back which he put into
them.

“I have not joined hands with any one.
I am not instructed to act with Samuel
Untermyer, with the Commonwealth Trust
Company, with the Sheldon peopie, or any
one else. I’m just looking around now to
see where that money can be recovered.”

Mr. Lauterbach refused to say whether
he had had a conference with the Mercan-
tile Truat Company over the Odell bonds.
If these bonds were taken over at 90, at
present market prices they represent a
loss of about $175,000.

Gov. Odell, on recent visits to New York
city, said just enough to let it be under-
stood that he had had no interest in the
original underwriting of the Shipbuilding
bonds. One of his statements was that it
was nobody’s business but his own. His
next statement was: “George R. Sheldon
owes me nothing, and I owe him nothing.”

The talk of proposed resolutions at Al-
bany looking to an investigation of the
whole affair elicited the statement:

“Gov. Odell was hungry enough for a

| share of the original underwriting scheme,

and if it had turned out all right there would

{ not be this talk of a legislative investiga-

tion. He was forced to take up his original

' underwritjng at a loss, and now he squeals.

“When Gov. Odell goes into Wall Street
speculations, he should not go in as Governor
of the State but as plain B. B. Odell, Jr.”

WOULDN'T SELL TO MISS HANNA.

Senator's Daughter Tries in Vain to Buy
the Porter Farmington School.

HaktFrorD, Conn., Feb. 4.—Mias Ruth

 

 

| Hanna, daughter of Senator Hanna, has

been in Farmington for several days. She
is one of the “Farmington girls,” as the
graduates of Mise Porter’s school are called.
Many of the graduates have not been eatia-
fled with the way things have been going
at the achool recently. During Miss Por-
ter’s life and after her death, during the
management of Mrs. Dow, the school was
regarded affectionately by all the old pupils.

Last year the school passed into the
hands of Dr. Robert P. Keep, Miss Porter’s
nephew, and Mrs. Dow, several of the
teachers and many of the pupils have gone
elsewhere. It is now given out thatMiss
Hanna went to Farmington as the repre-
sentative of a large number of “Farming-
ton girls,” with an offer to buy the entire
school property from the present owners
at a high price or to lease it for a term of
years. The Keeps, however, who are now
in control, are supposed to have declined
the offer, for word comes that the negotia-
tions are off.

Miss Hanna spoke for “girls” in New
York, Cleveland, Chicago and other places
who have abundant means. They want to
continue their relations with the old town,
but wish also to control the school {f they
are to renew relations with it.

DIVORCE FOR GEN. SCHAEFER.

His Wife, Who Was Aurelia Rank, Puta in
No Defence.

The divorce suit brought by Gen. Emil
Schaefer, the brewer, against his wife,
Aurelia Elsa Schaefer, was tried yesterday
before Supreme Court Justice Barrett.
Though Mrs. Schaefer put in an answer
denying the allegations, she did not defend
the action, and Justice Barrett announced
that he would grant the decree.

The corespondent named by Gen.
Schaefer is Gorman A. Worth, a broker,
who was arrested aBout a year ago at Mor-
ristown, N. J., under the Jersey laws, be-
cause of his relations with Mrs.' Schaefer.

The housekeeper of the Windermere
Hotel, Tarrytown, two private detectives,
the proprietor and the housekeeper of
the Hotel Florence, Tarrytown, and
the clerk and bellboy of the Windsor
Hotel, Philadelphia, all testified that
Worth and Mrs. Schaefer had trav-
elled and lived together as man and
wife. A multiplicity of other evidence
of a similar character was given,
and Justice Barrett complimented Gen.
Schaefer's lawyer on the careful prepara-
tion of the case. Gen. Schaefer married
Miss Aurelia Runk at the home of her parents
on Feb. 20, 1895.

 

 

MRS. HASTINGS'S AUTO AFIRE.

Electric Machine Blazes Up—Driver Uses
a Robe Successfully.

Mrs. F. 8S, Hastings of 15 Weat Fiftieth
street, wife of the president of the General
Acetylene Company at 80 Broadway, had
a narrow escape in her electric automobile
last night. Mrs. Hastings was taking two
women friends to the Belasco Theatre.
At Forty-fourth street and Sixth avenue
there were a flare of flame and a puff of
smoke, and Policeman Griffith of the East
Fifty-first street station was startled by
the sight of a woman in an evening gown
standing up in a flaming automobile, crying:

“Bring some water, bring some water!”

Griffith darted into a nearby saloon and
seized” a fire pail, and Patrick Daly,
Mrs. Hastings’s driver, steered the machine
to the curb and stopped it. Then he ripped
the heavy buffalo robe covering from its
straps and smothered the fire before Griffith
had time to throw on the water.

Mrs. Hastings and her friends were no
hurt. They called a cab and went to the
theatre, while Daly took the automobile
back to the stables.

 

 

Bryan to Build a Library in galem, MN.
Sauem, Ill., Feb. 4.—W. J, Bryan has
announced that he will build and equip a

ublic library in this city in memory of
Bis father and mother. The library will
be on the alte where Mr. Bi
The building is to cost $25,

tenta £15,000.

was born.
and the caon-

eS

Farpay, Fesrvaryr 5, 1804. ®
Fair to-day, with rising temperature;
cloudy and warmer to-morrow.

 

ARAB STEEDS FOR ROOSRYELTS

SULTAN OF MOROCCO'S COMPLI-
MENTS TO THE PRESIDENT.

 

 

Milk White Stallion for Mr. Roosevelt
Himself and a Horse fer Each Mem-
ber of His Family—Gorgeous Saddics
Coming anda Letter From Abd el Aziz.

A milk white Arab stallion for the Presi-
dent, from that cheerful Mohammedan
despot Mulai Abd el Aziz, Sultan of Mo-
rocco, arrived yesterday from ‘Tangier
aboard the North German Lloyd steamship
Hohengollern, which went some miles
south of her usual course, after passing
from the Mediterranean, to take aboard the
beautiful thoroughbred.

He is of pure Arabian stock, it was sald
on the liner by his two Moorish attendants,
Mohammed Ben Ali and Shereeff Rus Tica.
The legs of his dusky Majesty Mulai
Abd el Aziz have often been pressed to
the horse’s sides, in cantegs out of Fes
and over the Moroccan deserts. The horse
is 7 years old, but quite as spirited as
the five other three and four-year-old
stallions that were his fellow voyagers in
padded atalls.

One of the others is for Mrs. Roosevelt
and the rest are for the Roosevelt children.
The stallions were cared for with unusual
gentleness, eminently befitting blooded
stock from the stables of a lineal descend-
ant of the gracious family of the Prophet.
Two aailors and the ship's baggage master
assisted the Mohammedan attendants, and
although the trip was stormy the stallions
were not sick a minute.

The Hohenzollern also brings a letter
from the Sultan to the President revealing
the name of the milk white steed and names
of the others, three of which are gray, two
fox-oolored, and all nearly as fine looking
as the President's immaculate one.

The Mohammedan attendants said that
as they had come from Tangier and were
not attached to the household of his Maj-
eaty the Sultan at Fez theydid not know
the names of the horses. They were em-
ployed by J. W. F Langerman, agent
in Morocco of the St. Louis fair, and
are to take care of the stallions for six
months, at the expense of the Sultan. The
attendants will, it is said, show the Presi-
dent and his family how to manage the
stallions Morocco fashion.

Mr Langerman is coming here later
by the Hamburg-American liner Deutsch -
land with six gaddies for the horses. The
saddles are splendid specimens of Moorish
workmanship. The President's is par-
ticularly gorgeous, a dream in
arabesque, inlaid with gold and silver.

The five younger stallions have
been broken only five months. All were
taken from the Sultan's stables in
charge of four men and two boys about a
month ago. They made the trip, Fez to
Tangier, in ten days.

On Tuesday the Hohenzollern was struck
by a West Indian cyclone. To prevent
disaster to the horses the ship was headed
away to the south, out of the full forceof
the tumult, and hove to. She made only
187 miles that day. On Wednesday she
resumed her voyage at her usual rate.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.—Last year J. W.
F. Langerman, who had been sent to Mo-
rococo as the agent of the Louisiana Pur-
chase Exposition, said that the Sultan of
Morocco had sent four Arabian steeds in
his care to be presented to President Roose-
velt, Adolph Busch, David R. Francois and
ex tor Thomas Carter of Montana
but that all excepting the one intended
for Gov. Francia had died.

Gov. Francis has his horse now. It is
suppoged that the horses which reached
New York to-day were sent by the Sultan
to take the places of those which died.

Langerman, whom the Sultan appointed
his commissioner to the St. Louis exposition,
‘went back to Morocco with a Missouri
mule, a goat and a number of electrical
novelties, which he purchased for presenta-
tion to the Sultan.

 

GOULD ROAD TO THE PACIFIC?

Western Pacific Files a $80,000,000 Mort-
gage at Salt Lake City.

Saur Lage Crry, Utah, Feb. 4—A $50,000,-
000 mortgage to secure a bond issue of
equal amount was filed by the Western
Paoific Railroad Company with the County
Recorder to-day. The papers were filed
by L. W. Farnsworth, cashier of the Walker
Bros. Bank, and agent in Utah for the
Western Pacific Company.

The proceeds of the bonds are to be used
for the purchase of existing railroads and
for the construction of a new road between
Salt Lake and San Francisco.

The action of the company in filing the
mortgage is taken to indicate vigorous
action at once in the work of construction.
The enterprise is generally believed to be
backed by George J. Gould and John D.
Rookefeller. Over $1,000,000 was spent
for terminals in San Francisco and sev-
eral small California railroads were ac-
quired.

The mortgage is made to the Bowling
Green Trust Company, trustee. It is the
first mortgage on the railroads and termi-
nals already acquired and on the entire
system with branches hereafter to be
built. It is dated September, 1908.

The bonds are for thirty years, bearing
interest at 6 per cent. The mortgage was
filed here because the Western Pacifio is
a Utah corporation.

 

 

When the Western Pacific was incor-
porated about a year ago it was reported
that it was under construction for the pur-
pose of giving the Gould system an outlet
to the Pacific Coast. The Gould lines went-
ward end with the Rio Grande in Salt Lake
City. Mr. George Gould said then that he
had no interest in the new company.

The Bowling Green Trust Company has
been considered as having stron ould
affilations. Edwin Gould is president of
the company and other Gould interests
are on the directorate.

It has been understood of late that the
Rockefeller interests in the Gould rail-
road Corer ne, have been greatly in-
cr and that the spreading of the sys-
tem eastward to Pittsburg and Baltimore
and westward to the Pacific were details
of a plan which would finally bring forth
a road from the Atlantic to the Pacific
The Missouri Pacific, the Wabash, the
Denver and Rio Grande and the new West-
ae Pacific would fulfil completely this
plan.

Woman’s Voice Still Asks About Dr. Miller.
The same woman's voice that called

| Bellevue on Wednesday night, aaid that a

Dr. Miller was missing and asked if he was
there, spoke again last night from Phila-
delphia over the telephone to repeat the
inquiry. At the addreas the woman gave
as Dr, Miller's last New York address a
Dr. Miller was found yesterday who said
he dida’t understand the joke.

 

Arion Society
Grand Masquerade Ball,
Madison Square Garden To-Night.—Ada

 

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904.—Copvright, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

se eee ee cl

TO MAKE THINGS HUM.

Roosevelt's Message to New Haven on the
Way the Canal Will Start Of,

New Haven, Feb. 4.—Walter Wellman
of Washington, who was the principal
speaker to-night at the annual banquet of
the New Haven Business Men's Associa-
tion, had this to say on the Panama ques-
tion:

“Only yesterday Senator Orville H. Platt
of Connecticut said to me that the treaty
would pass in the Senate, eighty of the
ninety Senators favoring it. When I was
coming away President Roosevelt said to
me:

“ ‘Say to the men of New Haven and the
Yale professors that during the year 1904
we shall start the canal,and that' when we
do we shall make things hum.’ ”

 

 

BURGLAR AT JAMES B. DILL'S.

Gets $4,000 Worth of Mrs. Dill’s Jewelry
—Shot by the Lawyer in Escaping.

East Orange, N. J., Feb. 4.—While
James B, Dill and his wife were entertain-
ing a party at dinner at their home
here to-night a burglar got in upstairs.

A maid saw the burglar and screamed.
Mr. Dill got his revolver, and when the
burglar dropped off the roof of the front
porch the lawyer fired at him. The burglar
got away.

Mr. Dill thinks he wounded the burglar,
and it is said that the latter left blood-
stains on the snow to prove it.

He got away with $4,000 worth of Mrs.
Dill’s jewelry from her room, a front one
on the second floor.

DON'T WANT CANFIELD PORTRAIT

Objection Made to Showing His Picture tn
the Whistler Show in Boston.

Boston, Feb. 4.—The officers of the
Copley Society hope that Richard A. Can-
field of New York will not send the portrait
of himself, painted by Whistler, for the
Whistler exhibition to be held here be-
ginning on Feb. 23.

Such of the members as could be found
to-day were greatly disturbed by the pros-
pect of Canfield’s portrait being shown
in line with those of Mrs. Montgomery
Sears, Mrs. John L. Gardner, Mrs. Potter
Palmer and others.

The committee has 148 Whistler piotures
in ite hands and Canfield has loaned more
than any other person. His list consists
of the following: “St. Marc,” “The Ocean,”
“Symphony in Violet and Blue,” “The
Golden Bay, Ireland,” “Morning, Ajaccio,”
“The Pink Cap,” “Evening, Ponsville,”
“Belle Isle,” “The Afternoon Dream,” “The
Golf Links, Dublin,” “The Dancer,” “After-
noon, the Channel,” “The Captive,” “Blue
and Violet-Iris.”

Holker Abbott, president of the Copley
Society, said to-day that he was not sure
that the portrait of Canfield was to be
shown at the exhibition.

BABY RORN AT “PARSIFAL.” ¢

ont eee
An Unexpected InMident Back in the Or-
chestra After Act. I.

A child was born yesterday afternoon
to a@ young woman who sat well back in
the orchestra at the Metropolitan Opera
House at the performance of “Parsifal.”
The young woman became ill at the end of
the first act. The young man who acted

 

 

 

TONE THEATRE STAYE

aS ET

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
D OPEN

 

 

 

OUT OF SIX ORDERED BY
MAYOR TO CLOSE.

THE

 

Grand Opera Howse Didn’t Get Its Notice,
Police Had No Orders, and Audience

Once In, Nobody Would Risk a Panic .

to Clear It— Madison Square and
@ Princess Shut—Peremptery Action te
Compel Lessces to Make Them Gafe.

Mayor McClellan fulfilled yesterday his
threat to theatre managers who did not
immediately make the changes ordered
by the city departments by ordering these
six theatres closed at once:

GRranp Opera Hover, HURTIC & SEAMON'S,
PRINCESS, MADIQON SQUARE,
VAUDBVILLE, HUBER'S,

All of these, except the Grand Opera
House, which through some misunderstand-
ii ‘ailed to receive the notice either from
the Health Department or the police, were
closed last night. The police permitted
the audience to enter the lower part of
the theatre, and having once got in they
were allowed to remain for fear of causing
a panic by ordering the house cleared.

The Mayor's order was made public
after he had conferred for two hours yester-
day morning with Corporation Counsel
Delany, Health Commissioner Darlington
and Dr. Walter Bensel of the inspection
board. It was contained in this letter:

To ve Commtastoner of Health, City of New
Sonn

rk:

Dear Srr:_ The joint report of the Fire,
Health and Building departments, ade on
the $d inst., on the Inspection of the theatres
of this city, shows that the following named
theatres are unsafe for public use:

he Grand Opera House, Hurtig & Sea-
mon's, Huber’s, Madison Square, Princess
and Vaudeville, }

The reasonable requests of the depart-
ments have been either resisted or ignored,
and further delay would be unwise, there-
fore suggest, as agreed upon by the depart-
ments, that you take action at once, and
forthwith close for the use of the public the
theatres above named. I huve advised
the Police Commissioner of this action and
requested him to cooperate with you in carry-
ing out your order. Respectfully,

GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN, Mayor.

The Mayor supplemented his letter with
this statement:

“The managers of these six theatres
have had ample opportunity to make the
changes ordered for the better protection
of life. They have been treated with con-
sideration, but they have failed to comply
with the orders of the city authorities.
They have shown no disposition to comply
with these orders, and I have, therefore,
ordered them closed. They will be closed
to-day and will not be permitted to reopen
until they have complied with the orders of
the city departments.

“The other theatres have on most oc-
easions shown a commendable spirit in
carrying out the recommendations of the
several departments. In some cases urg-
ing has been necessary, but with the ex-
ception of the six theatres I have named
al ie carrying out the recommendations
made.”

He said also that the Health, Building
and Fire departments will continue a com-
mission of inspectors, who will visit every
theatre in town every three months. If
the commiasion finds a theatre not com-
plying with the law the theatre will be closed
atonce. Thé Mayor added that he regretted
the necessity of having to close any theatre,
but he felt that such action was necessary
in the publio interest.

Attorneys or managers of most of the
closed theatres hurried down to see the
Mayor as soon as they heard of the order,
but they were referred by him to Health
Commiasioner Darlington, with the state-
ment that their theatres could open when
the required changes had been made and
not until then. ost of the ers

as her escort took her to a dressing room. } complained that they had not had time

She was then taken home in a cab.
“LA HACIENDA” BURNED.

Jackson Gouraud’s Housekeeper Nearly
Lost Her Life in the Fire.

LARCHMONT, Feb. 4.—Jackson Gouraud’s
villa, “La Hacienda,” was destroyed by
a fire that started at 2:15 o’clook this after-
noon. Mr. Gouraud happened to be here
at the time, having come to see his architect
about a big addition that was in process
of construction.

Mr. Gouraud’s housekeeper, Mrs. Cous-
ins, went into the house during the fire,
and was overcome, She was rescued by
Frederick W. Flint and his son-in-law,
Albert J. Morgan, two well known members
of the Larchmont Yacht Club.

The Larchmont fire department was
unable to save even a part of the villa.
Chief Bronson who was in New York when the
fire began, got the alarm by telephone and
by running to a train reached the villa
before the fire was out.

The damage is estimated at mor- than
$150,000.

CARROLL D. WRIGHT’S WORK.

To Write an Kconomio History of the United
States—Carnegle Money for It,

WoRcusTBR, Mass., Feb. 4.—Carroll D.
Wright, president of Clark University,
is to begin the writing of an economic
history of the United States when he comes
to Worceater next fall, after relinquishing
his duties as United States Labor Com-
missioner,

The work will be provided for by the
Carnegie Institution, and Mr. Wright will
have the assistance of twelve Government
experts, with access to all Government
records. The task will occupy four or
five years, and $30,000 has been appropriated
for the first year's work.

PARODY BY KIPLING.

The Way of the Automobilist Described
in Chaucer English.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN

Lonpon, Feb. 5.—The Daily Mail prints
the first two of a series of parodies on Brit-
ish poets by Kipling, dealing with automo-
bilism. One, entitled “The Engineer,”
imitates Chaucer's “Canterbury Tales.”
After describing the engineer, Kipling
aays:
Hee was soe certaine of bis gouvernance,
That, by the 6, he tooke everie chaunce,
For simple peop le and for lordlinges eke,
He wolde not bate a del, but onile squeeke

Behinde their backes on an horne hie,
Until they crope Into a piggestie.

EAST RENO WINDSTRUCK.

Two Buildings Crushed—Retrograde Move-
ment of a Thirst Parlor.

RENO, Nev., Feb. 4.—A oyclone struck
Fast Reno this morning. The Stone Build-
ing, 70 feet long, 24 feet wide and 22 feet
high, was torn from its foundation and
the walls were crushed together in a maas
of broken timbers. The Wahoo Hotel
was lifted from its foundation walls and
carried eastward. It collapsed and is an

 

 

utter ruin. The W. A. I. saloon was set
back six inches. No one was hurt.

NOTHING LIKE IT.

Ask your friends about the Seaboard Florida
Limited to St. Augustine, always on time and
offers all the comforts of Home, Office, 1143 B’way.
—Adr.

 

In what other way can fifty cents be so well in-
vested for a young person as in a copy of The Four-
Trask News for 1904? Five cents at newsdealers’.
~-Adr

SS m — =

to obey the demands and that they had
done their best.

A big man, whosaid he was “John Abrams,
special officer and chief of the fire patrol
at Huber’s,” spoke thus in the Mayor's
outer office:

“It’s an outrage to close Huber’s. The
trouble is that some of them there in-
spovorn made a report. They’re too
chesty, they are. We got ten men u
there now takin’ out seats an’ tearin’ rail-
ee What do they want?”

Sam Shubert of the Princess and Madi-
son Square Theatres said that his men were
at work making changes when the order
was received.

The Princess was all right, he said, and
he couldn't see why it was closed. One re-
quirement, to remove two boilers from
under the stage of the Madison Baeere:
made a big problem, but an architect was
at work trying to solve it.

At every one of the six theatres last
night there were policemen to enforce the

Mayor's order, but the only theatre to
open was the Grand Opera House, ip Weat,
Twenty-third street, where Lawrancé D’Or-

ay, was playing in “The Earl of Pawtucket.”
eople began to assemble there soon
after 7 o’clock. They stood irresolutely
about the entrance, asking the policemen
if the place would be opened for the evening
performance or not. The policemen re-
plied that they did not ow. About
this time Capt. Cottrell of the West Twen-
tieth street station appeared with his
two wardmen.

“Will you order the theatre closed?”
he was asked.

“I don’t know,” hereplied. ‘I am waiting
for orders,”

Manager John H. Springer, who had ar-
rived early in expectation of trouble, seamed
somewhat relieved when he heard this.

“I have not received orders to close my

lace,” he said. “Tickets have been sold
or to-night’s performance and it will
goon unless the authorities put a stoptoit.”

Mr. Springer was not altogether sure
of his position, however, for he ordered
the gallery, where the changes are de-
manded, to be closed, and allowed the
gallery gods to take seats in the rear of
the balcony without extra charge. Mr.
Springer said that the Health Commissioner
had ordered the removal of the old benches
from the gallery,Jand the substitution of
chairs, and that he thought it best to close
the gallery until the change was made,

A rumor reached the theatre presently
that Health Commissioner Darlington was
on his way to the theatre to order it closed
and Manager Springer and his staff passed
a very uncomfortable few minutes. Capt.
Cantrell was called into the manager's

rivate office and questioned, but he said

e knew nothing of the intentions of his
superiors.

All this time the theatre was rapidly
filling. When the curtain rose, the orches-
tra was well filled and the balcony was
crowded. The first act began earlier and
was over sooner than usual. Toward 19
o'clock it was learned that Commissioner
Darlington did not intend to take any action
closing the theatre luring the performance.

Manager Springer d: “The firat I
knew of the order to close was through
reading an afternoon newspaper. As I
had received no notice to close I went to
see the Mayor at once with my lawyer,
Mr. Crandall, but he refused to do any-
thing. I then communicated with the
Building Department and demanded a
reinspection of the theatre. It was prom-
ised another inspection in the morning.

“I want it understood that I am not in
any way contesting the right of the authori-
ties to close my theatre. While I contend
that the place is fireproof, I will close jusi
as s00n a8 I am told to do #0 by the prope:
authorities. It may be possible that the
notioe to close was sent to Samuel Single-
ton, agent of the Gould heirs. Under my
lease of the property I am compelled to
turn the theatre over to Mr, Singletcn
every night, and men in hia oles Watc!
it until it is again opened. Under thie
lease all repairs are to be made br tho

Ri Gare Os,

=e

 

 
  
 

5

al

 

eit Fain

 

Ree a DDE. orn cage eee

=e Se