on
» A.M,
except
Satur-

    
   
 
       
     
    
       
   
      
  
 

pday we

dway
tral Sta.
m1, New
oadway

 

     
 
 
   
  
 
 
     
     
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
    
  
 
     
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
     
  
   
    
    
   
       
        
        
         
     
       
       
        
   
  

Central
OF resi-

Agent
R. B,
0
Souta
bs
iy,

  
  

4s

*1.30
t only,
oP. M,

*10:00
(Diner),
ly),

rookly ny
checked

 

Pos aln,
routes
Agent
a

oints.

nd Fall
t., week
s PRIS
h,
n—Leave
only, at
tts,

Ave Pire
at 5:30
ster.

6. N. Re
OOP. MG
pin

eek dayg
York at 3
from Piet

 

preneinne
Ine.
DEAN
nal St.
ng direct
st.

  

 

——

eo

ive West
y, maling
nd Bash
LUANY,

Ww
ws, |
, M.), foe
NWALL,
MILTON,

  
       
   
 
      
      
        
   
     
  
  
       
 
   
      
    
     
    
    
  
 
    
   
     
    
          
    
   
         
       
  
   
   
      
 
       
       
       
      
        
   

   

‘stime,
amers.
nH
RSIONS

  

foot of
v A, ML
BOATS

Saturdays
.M

BOATS

of Clara:

 
 

ONS

y

good cofe
slanc®
n oMee

located
ts, $10,000
ner for the
lantin this.
; party Selle
ble lenges
dress
) Nassau
-_

 

    

s; loeatlons
one horse,
ur weekly?
ying aways

 

) Nassau. —

If interests
ness; locr
references

    
     
   
      
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
     

D Nassau.
ae
ga bustle
, valuable
m; there ls

hase large
ow doing @
urniture o8

ly to
D Nassau.
interest ia
ty, average

   
   
  
  

mpack TERMS REJECTED.

poeRs pEcIDE TO PIGRT IT OUT AND
WILL DEFEND JOHAN NESBU RG,
——

t Kroger and Steyn Asked Eng-
eg 00 and Were Told That Only
ditional Surrender Would Be Ac-
gepted— Transvaal Announces That It Will
Net Be Responsible for Safety of the Mines.

Special Cadle Despatches to THE SUN.
From THE Sun's Correspondent at Pretoria.

onta, May 18, via Lorenzo Marques, May
p.2P. M.—THE SUN's correspondent learns
thet the Transvaal Government has been in-
formed of the terme on which the British are
ed to make peace. The Transvaal Gov-
eenment has determined that the terms offered
cceptable.

Pe ent ‘he Boers seemed most despondent
end demoralized over the last reverse, but now

both the Government and the people declare
that they are united and ready to resist to the

nd
ae terms were offered and by whom trane
pitted to Pretoria cannot be ascertained.

Pretoria, May 18, via Lorenzo Marques,

y 21, 2P M.—The Government this afternoon
taued the following notice officially to the Con-
eutral powers:

a ho regard to the large non-combatant

lation of the Witwatersrand, the greater
portion of which are aubjecta of neutral powers,
the Government thinks it desirable to make it
gnown that the milltary officers of the Repub-

Wo are determined to defend the Witwaters-
rand to the utmost in case sucb action should

ve to be necessary.

Ppenbermers, the Government will not hold
themselves responsible for any injury to per-
gons or the damage or destruction of any prop-
erty on the Rag which may ovcur or may be
pecessary in the course of the defence "

The Transvaal Government has made an offer
to the British to exchange their prisoners for an
equal number of the Boer prisoners, the men to
te placed on parole If the offer ia not ac-
cepted the 4,000 British prisoners now at Water-
yal wil] be shifted to another district further
away from the fahting lines,

The neutral residents of Johannesburg are
greatly alarmed over the decision reached by
the Government to defend that place

It{s likely that the Vaal River coal mines will
be destroyed should the military contingency
require such action.

Loxpon, May 22.. The despatches regarding
the peace prospects received during the past
few days from THe SUN's correspondent at Pre-
toria seem to admit of but one explanation,
that is, that the Transvaal and Orange Free
State asked Great Britain for her terms of
peace, and received a reply demanding uncon-
ditional surrender, whereupon the Boers de-
termined to resist to the bitter end. At all
events, this is the latest attitude of the Trans-
yual Roers, as indicated by the Pretoria de-
spate, dated Friday, which was received to-
dav. This states clearly that the Government
and people are both unanimous in rejecting
the proposed terms of peace.

Against this version of the situation {s the
oficial denial yesterday by the Salisbury gov-
ernment that any message from President
Kroger proposing peace negotiations had been
received. Thia denial may be and probably is
merely technical and diplomatio The last
feegrams from the Transvaal Government
ete received by Lord Salisbury in January.
Thee were sianed by State Secretary Reitz,

and any despatch sug@esting peace negotia-

tions would probably be similarly signed, so
that the denial is technically correct but
actualy misleading. Such, at least, is the only

{oterpretation possible of the important tele-

grams which Tae B8UN's Pretoria corre-

spondent sent last week.

Uscon

 

NO GENERAL ADVANCE REPORTED.

 

Conflicting Reports About Boers in Natal bat
They Probably Hold Latogs Nek.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Loxnon, May, 23,--The War Offloe has issued
rothing concerning the movements of Gen.
Roberts) Despatches from Cape Town saying
thatthe British have occupled Vereeniging and
hierksdorp in the Transvaal are merely echoes
of ‘he Lorenzo Marques rumors cabled to THE
Fry (he other day, and they are regarded here
& improbable

No ling has been received from other sources
tolideate thatthe main army has advanced.
There vas been slight skirmishing near Ficks-
burg, in the southeastern partof the Orange
Free State, which was only important as show-
{ng that the Boers bave not abandoned tha®
neghhorho dand are watching for chances to
6N pe the British patrols

A despatch from Maseru, Basutoland, reports
that there are 6,000 Boers, with ten guns, at
Harimonea. where they are expected to make a
@and, the country there being rugged and
Most favorable to them,

‘ere are no details of the disaster that has
befallen part of Bethune’s Horse Apart from |
that thechief interest inthe Natal side of the
C@MPaen centresin the question whether the
Boers still hold Lairg'’s Nek, The reports ot
this point are in direet conflict, but the bulk of
the evidence hows that they are in fairly strong
boree position, which they are
Intrenching on both sidey. Gen Buller rode
With Gen, Dundonald's force to reconnoitre the
Dowtion, and returned to News astle after a
Sity-mile ride Gen Dundonald’s artillery
MOL A few shells into the position, hoping to un-

Bask the Boer batieries, but the effort was not
errant,

 

 

the farjous

Adespatch to the Central News from News
(astie states that Gen. Buller, replying to an
Address presented to him on Friday by the ine |
Mabitants, said he hoped soon to be in Pretoria

is stared that the Boers have cut off the
Vater

 

Supply of Neweastle, thereby causing

seat inconvenience ”

Tv '

he tethod en ployed by the Boers in wreck-

ng the ry ‘aN

en tunnel at Laing'’s Nek, news
nen was recently cabled by Tak Sun's

}rrespondent int)

he fleld with the burghers,
® said to

 

jane; have been novel They started
tunnel fp : i loaded with dynamite, into the
eek as ich end The locomotives came
nn \ terrifle erash, the shock ex-
Dloding the dynamite, which completely

Wrecked the tunnel
|

BOERS Amnisn BRITISH CAVALRY,

Gen, Bethune Loses Sixty-six Men tn March-
ing Toward Newcastle,

\ Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN
Ghnene ne The War Office has received

"Seecants amie Buller:

Oe follows ey 8 M. Lhavereceived
ii ion an iGen. Bethune under yester-
teh of eng . Hleon the march in the diree-
anal — ® yesterday one of my squad-
td dn mn ed men was ambushed by the
Gtieed oe eat of Vryheid and very few
Wounded ‘hb’ Parl De La Warr was slightly

lalties were about sixty-six,
itor supplies, and willmarch
iste via Dundee.’

“T detached Bethune with
indee on May 17, with instrue-
Y Vant’s Drift to show his force
tT Was reported had been evacu-
On “SOP, breparatory to the return

the Mawistrate ind the civil establishment to

# distrier or
rethiune we ' ew-
ste afroy ward is to rejoin me at New

w fre

OTrOW to
Gen Bulls on
4 mer from | :
tions to March }
®Nqutu,

  

   

 

O'Neill's Great Sale of Hats

ed Saline Pgh miss {t. Dress Shapes and
“he, ‘Tseoe each, 6th Ave., 20th to 2ist St

Sa

 

    
  

IEW YORK,

KRUEGER TRANSFERS HIS PROPERTY,

Bald to Fear Confiscation by the British
—Many Families Leaving Pretoria,
Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN,

LONDON, May 28.- The Times's correspondent
at Lorenzo Marques says be has unquestionable
authority for the statement that President
Kriger during the past six weeks has trans-
ferred the bulk, if not all of his property in the
Transvaal to various friends lest the British
confiscate It.

The German steamer Bundesrath has been
detained for a day at Lorenzo Marques
awaiting the arrival of a special train
from Pretoria bringing the families of
several prominent Boers, The utmost se-
crecy is maintained regarding the identity
of these families, but there ts reason to believe
that they include the family of State Secretary
Reitz. There is a suspicion that Mrs. Steyn,
wife of the President of the Orange Free State,
is also among the number,

WITH RELIEP COLUMN,

CANADIANS

Mahon in Time to Participate tn
the Five-Hour Battle.
Special Cadle Despatches to THE SUN,
LONDON, May 22.--The War Office has received
the following despatch from Lord Roberts:
“Kroonstap, May 21.—Mahon reports that
his flying column entered Mafeking at 4 A.M,
May 18. He was stubbornly opposed by 1,500
Boers. On May 17 the Boers were driven from
a strong position nino miles from Mafeking
after five hours’ fighting. A detachment of the
Canadian artillery by a series of forced marches
reached hin onthe morning of the fight and
rendered very valuable assistance, Mahon’s
casualties were thirty. The Boers lost heavily.”
A despatch to a news agency from Mafeking
says that when Commandant Eloff was deserted
by some of his followers he fired on them, Then
he surrendered with eighty of his mento Col,
Hoare, whom he had previously captured.
Lonxpon, May 23.. Much of the South African
news deals with Mafeking, several of the papers
having received detailed reports of the move-
ment which resulted in the relief of that town

Joined Col,

If these reports are not exaggerated Col
Mahon's expedition was clearly one of
the most complete and best managed
incidents of the whole campalan. The most

elaborate care was exercised in selecting the
men and animals to take partin the expedi-
tion. Themen were mainly drawn trom
regiments which themselves had undergone
the privations of «a siege, namely, the
Kimberley Light Horse, including a section
of the Cape Police and the Imperial Light
forse, which formed part of the garfiaon at
sadysmith. All the troops are residents of the
colonies, accustomed to life on the veldt, and
are good shots and horsemen

Prince Alexander of Teck had the post of Col
Mahon'’s aide Col. Frank Rhodes, brother of
Cecil Rhodes, was chief intelligence officer, and

he was assisted by Major Baden-Powell,
a brother of the now Major-General Ba-
denePoweil, the defender of Mafeking. The

Major hada narrow escape on May 13, when a
Boer bullet smashed his wateh in his pocket
without injuring him. Major Samuel Weil, a
brother of Julius Weil, who provisioned Maf
king, had chargeof the transport, assisted by
Sir John Willoughby, of Jameson raid fame

The Boers were apparently thoroughly aware
that the column was to be despatched and
had full knowledge of the men composing
a week before it started, notwithst i
the secrecy that was observed in
making the preparations, and it was only the
extreme mobility of the force and Co!
subtle tactics that enabled it to escape constant
actions. Again and again the Boer force posted
themselves ahead of the British column, only to
find thernselves left several miles to the right of
Col, Mahon,

The British commander, {t ts said, found the
poupir) rotten with rebellion, Many prisoners
might have been taken, but it) was not
desirable to hamper the transport and
only a few were selected, their arrest
being combined with some judicious
looting in bad cases. When Col Mahon's force
eventually joined Col. Plumer’s (he latter was
found equally fit The expedition was well
armed, principally owing to. the brilliant
marching of the Canadian artillery.

The meeting of the columns was splendidly
timed, the fcroees arriving at the rendezvous
within an hourol each other. The joint force
encountered the enemy outside of Mafeking
about ten miles t e west. The Boers had
withdrawn neariy every available fighting man
trom the trenches round the town, and about
two thousand sireng, had taken a position
directly in the British line of advance

The task of dislodging them was a heavy one,
taking five hours, The greatest assistance was
rendered by the British guns, and the Canadi-
ans did excellent work. Only the fact that the
Colonials were born bush fighters saved the
British from =, heavy loss. As it Was,
they had thirty killed or wounded, The Boers
sustained severe losses. Eventually they evac-
uated all their positions and fled, the small
vesting force around the town immedia
raising the siege. There was no further oppo-
BiTiOn

A detailed narrative of the assault made by

  

 
 
 

 

 
 

 

Commandant Riof, President Kriger's
gr.ndson, ehows that it was a daringly
brave or stupid y toolhardy at, according
to the point of view The ol} fort |
which) Commandant Floff, with 150 men,
rushed is practically in the centre of the
town, being less than five hundred yards froin
the market square Col. Hoare and the
fifteen men who oceupied the ort mis-
took the Boers in the darkness for comrades
and did not fire on them. Col, Hoare was

conversing by telephone with
and the latter's first intimation of what had
happened was the interruption of Col, Hoare’s
voice by a confused din which was followed by
a strange voice saying: “Tam a Boer. We
have taken Mafeking “

“Have vou, indeed?” waa the promptreply,
and measures were instantly taken by which

the Invaders were cut off, It was then
that Baden-Powell sent a white flag and
on receiving a refusal to surrendef
the British surrounded the fort and

poured fusillades into it, killing and wounding
many. The Boers, however, held out throughs
out the day. Later some of the Boers found
the place wetting hot for them and ate
tempted to desert their comrades, whereupon
Commandant Eloff himself fred on them The
burghers then decided that their position was
untenable and their surrender followed

 

too

The Times has received a despatch from
{te correspondent, Hofmeyr, whe wis Te-
leased = oby the Boers, after having been
a prisoner for seven months in Pretoria,
He «quotes a high Government official
as saving that President Kruger dreads
aninvasionfrom the west, He says thatif

an attack is made from that quarter the Boers

will be done for They ean check
the British onthe east, but have not enough
men for the west. The correspondent
says that his informant  addec that

the Government would defend Pretoria if the
guns could be brought back andenough men got
together, for Pretoria demands a tremendous
garrison. From the west the road is open. It
is believed that not enough men will rally on

that side

The Boers have a sunerstitions dread of
Baden-Powell. Many of them said lately that
if he got outof Mafeking they would be done

for

British Casualties to Date 20,680,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, May 22—The War Office to-day ts-
sued a list of forty-six additional deaths from

disease among the troopa at Bloemfontein, It
also announced that the total easualtios up to
date, exclusive of the sick and wounded in

British hospitals, have been 20,6380

Many Hats Broken in Mafeking Celebrations,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonxpon, May 22.-The city police collected
four cartioads of broken hats opposite the Man-
sion House after Saturday's celebration of the
relief of Mafeking

FIRE OPPOSITE THE STAR.

Usher Pulled Aside a Cartain and Upset a Few
Nervous Theatregoers,

A toolshed in Thirteent|) street, opposite tha
Star Theatre, got afire lust
time the villain in "The Devil's Mine”
dojag his worst. A fire alarm was sounded from

Thirteenth street and Fourth avenue, Nothing
disturbed the audience in the theatre until ao
usher who wanted to look at the fire pulled
aside the curtain that hung over one of the
auditorium windows. The red glare. filled the
darkened theatre and some of the andience got
to their feet, The head usher commanded the
man at the window to “drop the eurtain.”
Then the audience was assured that the fire
was outside thé theatre and was not coming tn,
and everybody who had got up sat down

wis

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
Limited Express for Cincinnati and St. Louis now
leaves Foot Liberty St.7P M,. South Ferry 5 minutes
earlier, daily. Dining cars for all meals.—Ade,

the | ‘
lication began in February, 1806

headquarters |

night about the |

 

 

Mahon s |

DNESDAY, MAY 23,
BARCUS'S METHODS SCORED,

ee eevee

REPORT TO THE SENATE ON THE
“COMMITTEE ON DISTRIBUTION,”

     
 

The Investigating Committee Says That Bar-
cus Intended to Mislead the Public—Rich-
ardson’s Copyright Declared to Be Invalid
~His Royalty on ‘'The Messages and Papers
of the Presidents’? $11,320.50 so Far

Placed in a False Position,

WasuiNuton, May 22. Senator T. C. Plate,
chatrman of the Committee on Printing, sub-
mitted to the Senate to-day a reportof the in-
vestigation conducted under Senator Chan-
dler’s resolution directing the committee to
“investigate the facta connected with the com-
pilation and publication of the messages and
papers of the Presidents; the result of the per-
mission given to private persons to use the
stereotyped plates; the distribution of the
copies made gratuitously or otherwise by the
Government; the sales made by private per-
sons, and the methods adopted in making such
sales; the circumstances under which the com-
pilation has been copyrighted; and the other
material facts surrounding the compilation and
distribution of the yolumes; and to report to
the Senate the result of the inquiry, and any
legislation which may be deemed desirable by
the committee,

The inquiry was conducted by Senators Platt
of New York, Elkins of West Virginia and
Jones of Arkansas and they submit with their
report a copy of the testimony taken, The re-
port says.

“A perusal of the testimony shows that on
July 27, 1804, Congress authorized the compila-
tlon of all such messages and papers and gave
the direction of the work to the Joint Commit-
tee on Printing. The committee on Aug. 20,
1804, requested the Hon. James D. Richardson, a
Representative from the State of Tennessee, to
make the compilation, Mr, Richardson was
then, andin the House preceding had been, a
member of House Committee on Printing

“The general act providing for the printing, |
binding and distributing of public documents,

|
|

~Congress

enacted Jan. 12, 1805, made it illegal to copy-
right any Government publication, Mr. Rich
ardson began the work of compiling the Prest-
in April, 1896, and the pub.
The tenth
and last volume wis brought ont in July, 1800
It is not to be doubted that Mr. Richardson's
labors were most assiduous and that they con-
sumed during this period a great arnount of his

dents’ messages

years and three months to this work An
amendment in the Sundry Civil bill on Jan. 4,
1807, requested Mr. Richardson to make an
{index to the work, and he testifies that he ex-
pended more than $3,600 from his own purse
for necessary dasistancoe in making this index
“Three editions of the Messages, aggregating
86,000 seta of ten volumes each, were printed by
the Government Printing Office and distributed
free by members and officers of the two houses
of Congress. They were duly authorized pub-
lications and = distributions. Of the  coptes
printed, 34,439 were assigned to the members
and officers of the Fifty-fourth and Pifty-fifth
Congresses and certain fractional remainders
of each edition, amounting in all to 658 coples,
were placed by the Public Printer to the credit
of Richardson, the compiler, in accordance
with the terms of the acts and resolutions of
Congress under which the publication was au-

| thorized

 

! a Government publication

 

tne. Mr. Richardson testitles that he devoted
ery spare hour of his time for a period of four
|

“After several volumes of the first edition
had been printed, and in all subsequent vol-
umes of the first edition, and in all volumes of
the succeeding editions, Mr. Richardson caused
to be placed upon the reverse side of the title
pave of each book the words, ‘Copyrighted,
1897, by James D. Richardson.’ This inserip- |
thon waa printed some while before a copyright
had been actnally issued to Mr. Richardson, |
but it appears that copyright was |
him as each volume went to
now claims the rights and
copyright in eonnection with
tion of the werk Mr
that his original insertion
copyright inscription was not then intended as
an assertion of copyright, but as notices to the
publie of his purpose to obtain copyright

issued to |
i

|

He |

also says that he does notclaim copyrght as

he
of
publica
Riehardson says
of the

press, and
privileges

the

against the Government, but only as againstall
other publishers. [tis not elated by Mr. Rich-
ardson thathis copyright operates to protect
him against the publication of any one or more
of the collated messages, but that it does pro-
the

tect the form of publication and that it

| protects the illustrations and original matter

with which the pages of the books are inter-
spersed

“The Committee on Printing will not under-
take to discuss the lewal question |
further thanto say that the prob
tained in the Printing act was intended to cover

nvolved |
every publication authorized by Congress in all |
|
)

bition eo

possible forms,andin view of the debate whicn
occurred at the time it fs clear to {t-
tee that Congre intended

the

con

  

to

prevent pre-
cisely what has happened the copy:
righting of this particular book Your
committee thinks that) copyright should
not have is-ued in behalf of the ‘Messages,’ and
that the law as it stands is sufflecient to deny

copyright to any and every work once issued as |
If the services of
any author or compiler employed by the Gov-
ernment require to be compensated, puyment |
should be made in money, frankly and properly
appropriated for that purpose, and the result- |
ing book or other publication in whole and as
toany part should be always at the free use of
the pesple, and this without doubt was what
Congress intended,

“This consideration brings your comunittee to
the origin, if not to the cause, of the conditions
that led to this investigation. The Sundry
Civil bil which became alawon June 4, 1807,
carried in it & provision ‘that the Puplie
Printer be, and he ts hereby, authorized and
directed to make and deliver to James D
Richardson, the compiler of “The Messages
and Papers of the Presidents,” without cost to
him, duplicateelectrotype plates from which the
compilation “The Messages and Papers of the
Presidents’ is published | Of course, these plates
were given to Mr. Richardson to be used by
him in the further publication for his own
vecuniary benefit, of the compilation. It must
cc assured that Congress felt itself to bein Mr
Richardson's debt and undertook to discharge |
what it regarded as a public obligation in this
way. It made a plathun If anvthing more
than agracious public acknowledgement of the |
value of his work was due Mr. Richardson it
should have been paidin money duly appropri-
ated for the purpose Phe quasi-authority

iven to Mr. Richardson inthis provision of the

W to use these plates in his own way and for
his own benefit led to a series of incidents for
which his responsibility may be slight, but
whieh have placed Congress in a false position

“A publisher of the name of James S Barens, |
then aresident of New York eityand now of |
terre Haute, Ind, made a contract with Mr
Richardson under whieh the exclusive use of
the plates was givento Barcus for ten years,
in an arrangement that he should print, pub-
lish and seil the compilation, paying to Mr
tichardeon a royalty of 75 cents per set for
ailsetssold Inform the contract appears to
beunolectionable, but the methods pursued
by Barcus and his organization to dispose
of the work were questionable and weil
devised to produce a fs public impression
Mr. Barcus was the sole owner of the privilege
conveyed in the contract and when the con-
tract Was thade was doing business as a pub-
lisher under the trade name of J. 8. Barcus
Company. Within five or six months after the
contract Was signed this name was abandoned
and Barcus assumed tor his enterprise the
name ‘Committee on Distribution.’ This name
wasused on all letterheadings and all other
printed matter necessary to the business, all
such matter being printed and devised in forms
and with types, paperandink similar to those
employed by Congress and its regular author-
ized committees

“In the formal headings of such letters and

   
  

 

 

xe

  

Morning, Noon and Night
Treins leave Grand Central Station, New York, by
the New York Central for Chicago, St. Louls and
OCipeinna. Luxurious trains, smooth tracks. —Ade.

(rn a

 

1900.-C0

) entitled

Twentieth

| went aniron cage such! asa cashier nses,

        

I,

PYRIGHT. 1900, B

 

  

elreulars the name of Mr. Richardson appeared
as ‘Editor,’ together with that of Ainsworth it.
Spofford, the Assistant Librarian of Congreas
as ‘General Secretary.’ The expressions and
phrases employed in Barcus's printed material
Were such as necessarily to mislead the public
into the belief that the Government was in
some way identified with the publication and
sale of his books,

‘It was made to appear by language which
Was at times more than equivocal that the un-
‘sual opportunity of obtatning the books which
the Barcus literatureand the Barous agents
claimed was’ being afforded resided in this une
defined relation of Congress to the enterprise
The Barcus edition was referred to in eirculur
letters asa ‘Government Document,’ and it was
Said that ‘Congress recently authorized
the distribution of a limited number in
each Congressional district,’ a statement
that might perhaps have applied to the
editions printed by the Public Printer, but
could not have applied to the editions printed
from Mr. Richardson's plates. Persons ad-
dressed as prospective purchasers were told
that the ‘Committee on Distribution’ had been
appointed to distribute the work,’ and that
Congress had ‘granted the privilege of printing
a liinited edition,’ and that the ‘distribution

was to be made by Congressional dis-
trict,” and that the | number of | sets
had been apportioned,” in accordance

with a ‘ratio.’ Barcus’s agents were equipped
with letters under the usual letterheading, in
which they were informed that they had been
‘appointed’ to be members of the ‘Committee
on Distribution,’ and that their appointments
had been ‘confirmed.’ All these expressions
were so Well caicujated to deceive the public as
to make it {mposatble to believe that they were
not chosen for thit purpose

“Mr. Richardson's receipts from the sales of
the editions printed and sold Pz Mr. Barcus had
amounted up to the period of this investigation
to $11,320.50

“Your committee does not see the necessity
of new legislation, Congress has tt in ita own
power toavoida repetition of the false repre
sentations of which it has been the vietimn by
not again placing Government plates at the dis-
position of private persons. The language of
the statute forbidding the copyrighting of Gov-
ernment publications appears to the cormmit-
tee to be as strong as it can be made.”

At the request of Senator Chandler {s was or-
dered that covies of printed circulars issued to
agents by the “Committee on Distribution”
“Suggestions on How to Distribute
Public Documents," and “The name ‘Messages
and Papers,’ gives the Impression of too Dry,”
and containing suggestions as to how to get
cheeks with the applications be printed with
the testimony, These documents vary greatly
from those printed in the testimony and Mr,
Chandler thought they should be printed theree
with

Mr Gallinger (Rep, N. HL.) asked Mr. Platt
whether the conmittee had taken action on the
concurrent resolution, introduced by him some

 

fire ago for the printing of 80,000 additional
copies of the publication
Mr. Platt said that the committee had not

 

taken action on that resolution, as it would cost
something in the neighborhood of $200,000

Mr Gallinger remarked that the publication
wrs now being sold to the people at $34 a set,
while if Congress ordered the printing of 80,-
000, they would not cost more than $7 a set

The report was laidon the table and ordered
printed

Mr. Richardson to-day made
state oneerning the report of the com-
mittee: “Ina has efforts were made by
wersons to involve me with the view of critleism
or political purposes Lam satisfied with the re-
port and erat fled that the committee was so
sroad-minded as not to permit itself to be used
for sina!) political ends. That was the only
apprehension I ever had.”

the following

ment

   
 

 

WANTS A THIEF FOR A TENANT,

Cephas Roberts Is Tired of So-Called Honest
Men and Now He Will Try Others.

Winstep, Conn, May 22. -Cephas Roberts, a
well-known speculator, had the following advere
tisement Inserted in the Winated Evening Citizen
to-da

“Wanted A thief to occupy my place near
Jessup's; prefer one that has been in State's
Prison two years. Nohonest man need apply.

“CrePHAS RoneRTs.”

Roberts is the owner of probably $40,000 worth
of real estate in and around Wins.ed) He renrs
most of his tenement houses to laboring people,
many of whom call him “‘easy,"’ because they

have lived in his houses for months without pay-
ingrent. Oneofhis farms ison the old Cole-
brook road, near the residence of George Jessup

 

 

Last September he advertised the farm for rent |
and a man applied for the place. “He was |
recon mended to be honest,” says Roberts, “and
1 let haveit. Thinking he was square |
didn’task him for his rent, neither did I remove
the hav which Thad stored in two barns on the
| premises,”

To-day jt was reported that the tenant had
skipped during the night to avoid creditors, As
aor erts heard the rumor he hitehed

   

 

ove to the farm
"ejaculated Roberta,

orses and d
dagain, by gosh!

 

 
     

“and all my hay gene, too!"

Roberts drove tack to town and entering the
newspaper ¢ e pulled out a roll of bank
not “Di give the whole business,’ he ex-
claimed, “if you'll find mea thief. Iam going

to see ifa thief is really as bad as a person who
has the reputatlon of being honest. A thief I
will wateh, an honest. man--I doubt whether
one exists I, well, Ud be hanged if I wouldn't
wateh him, too "’

Phe result of Roberts's advertisement will be
watched with interest in Winsted

WOWEN'S POOLROOM RAIDED,

Neighbors Say the Police Took Away Three
Women, but the Police Say One Man Only,
Police Captain Walsh of the West Twentieth

street station, accompanted by two officers in

plain clothes, wentto the at 316 West
street at S o'clock yesterday after-

a back room

There he found a

poolroom in operation The patrons of

the place are said to have been women

The police were uneomrmunicative about the

matter last night, but the blotter shows that

irrest was made. The prisoneris William
Oliver and the charge against him is conduct-
fue a eombling house He was taken to tho
stationin a potrol wagon and along with miei
a lot

house

and forced his Way into

the first floor

one

 

of pool tiekets, several account books anda
bunch of entry ecards of the rices, There was |
atelephone in the roon

Several people who live in the neighborhood
said lust nicht that the poolroom was fre-
quented by women, although oceasionally men
were seen to goin, too. Most of the women, the
nelwhbors sald, were well-to-do looking, and
many of them came in carriages: or hansorms
Apparently the place did a rushing business,
Oliver was known in the neighborhood as. the
proprietor ‘The neighbors say that when Capt
Naish took Oliver away in a ratrol wagon he
also took three women ts prisoners. This was
positively denied at the station house,

RATLROAD TRON RY FAST EXPRFSS,

Ordinary Freight Car Time Was Too Slow for
President Singer.
LancumMont, N.¥., May 22. An unusual feat

| in railway building has just been performed by

the Larchmont Horse Railroad Company, which
has a franchise to construct a
between several of the towns on Long Island

Sound The wealthy people of Larchmont
finally consented to a trolley line a
few months ago, but decided that
they wanted it by June | or not
at all Their wishes were stipulated in the
franchise Phe company has been rushing

 

 

work to have the road in operation on acheduie
time, butowing to the alle demand for steel
rails and equipment if Wis not able to contract
for i iaterials until a few daysago Then
President Sinwer teleeraphedto a big steel com.
pany in Pennsylvania and ordered material,

 

 

trolley road |

  
 

|

 

BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

NEELY PUT IN JAIL NOW.

 

GOVERNMENT SUFS HIM TO RE»

COVER $45,375.25,

Inspector-General Burton Deposes That That
Much Is Missing Out of 61223,656.52 That
Neely Collected in Four Months tn Cuba
~$50,000 Bail Is Not Forthcoming,

Charles F. W.
on charges of cominitting frauds in the De-
partmentof Posts of that island, was rearrested
yesterday by United States Marshal Williata
Henkel on a warrant charging hip with wrong-
fully converting $45,375.25 of Government
funds to his own use. Neely had been out on

Neely, who is wantedin Cuba

. $10,000 ball pending the outcome of extradition

 

' then destroved these strips

 

“Sond itas quickly as possible,’ said he in
closing his order. “The freight trains are too |
alow. Patitona fast express

Fifty tons of rails, 700 faney painted trolley
poles and a quot ot switehe and other equips
ment were loaded on ears, which were attached
to fast trains
and President Singer promises to have the cars
running by June 1

 

ROSIE, THE NEWSGIRL,

Hundreds Who Knew Wer Cheerfal Face Will
Miss It at the Bridge Entrance,

tosie Corcoran, Who for more than ten years
has been a familiar flgure among the news-
paper readers at the Bridge entrance,
died her home at Cherry street and
James Slip early last night) Her mother
and younger sister Were = called
their stand at the Bridge by the intelli-
genee that Rosie was worse and they arrived
home just betore she died) She was a cheer-
ful, good-natured girl, and hundreds of people
who travel over the Bridge will miss her face
There were many expressions of sympathy
with her folks from the Bndge newsvenders
last night anda collect on for a floral piece was
iminediately started

DEAD.

at

Platt’s Chlorides Instantly Disinfects

and chemically neutralizes all disease-breeding mat
ter. ~Adw

 

They arrived after a quick trip |

from |

|; man

proceedings, but the Government authorities
have kept pretty close watch of him and Mar-
shal Henkel served the warrant on himin per-
son on Park row near Ann street within
an hour after it was issued by Judge
Lacombe. The arrest is made in
a civil sult to recover the money alleged to
have been converted, Edward K. Jones, special
assistant to the Attorney-General of the United
States, appointed for the prosecution of the
Neely case and other cases of alleged fraud in

Cuba, said that the amount sned for by the
Government was only a part of what was prob-
ably missing. The suit is brought at this
juncture because a defalcation to that amount
seems to be established alrnost beyond a doubt.
Bail was put at $50,000, in default of which
Neely was taken to Ludlow Street Jail,

The complaint was accompanied by the afmf-
davits of Mr. Jones, Frederick P. Smith, who
identified Neely’s handwriting, and Col George
HH. Burton, Inspector-General United States
Army, who conducted the examination of
Neely's office in Havana. Col. Burton's affi-
davit contains an account of his investigations.
In pursuance of an order froin Governor Gen-
eral Wood, he set to work on April 24to exam-
ine the accounts and youchers of the auditor's
office in the Post Office at Havana, The irregu-
Jarities here discovered led hin to determine
pon anexamination of the books of the Bureau
of Finanee, of which Neely was chief. Col,
Burton's purpose was made known to Neely by
Acting Assistant Auditor Keynolds, and Neely
left Havana and came to this city on the steat-
ship Mexico

On May 3 Col, Burton and Director Rathbone
of the Department of Posts began aninvestiga-
tion of Neely’s offlee Kieh, Neely'a ass.stant,
turned over to thema ledger which he said was
the only record of anv sort left in the office.
It was Neely's duty to colleet all revenues de

 

 

rived from the Department of Posts, im
cluding the money order division, an
deposit them with the treasurer of the
{sland to the credit of the Director of

Post The the receipts and
deposits from Jan 1, 1000, to April 30, 1900, with
the exceptionof the receipts from the Havana
Post Office, of which no reeord can be found
According to this ledger during the first four
months of the year Neely as Chief of the
Bureau of Finance received from all sources

the sum of $122,656 62, of which he deposited

ledger showed

with the treasurer of the island the suin of
$77,281.87. The balance of $45,875 25, which Col
Burton said could not be accounted for, is the
umount for the recovery of which the Governe
ment has brought the present action,

NEELY DEALT IN STAMPS.

 

Privileges in the Havana Post Office Said to
Have Been Given to a Dealer.

It came out yesterday that Charles F. W.
Neely, while he was Chief of the Bureau of Fi-
nance of the Post Office Department in Cuba, had

fn this city. With one of these dealers, whose
place of business {s im Nassau street, Neely's
transactions were more or less extensive.
fiome time ago this dealer went to Cuba, vis-
ited the Post Office Department in Havana
and was permitted by Neely, so a reporter of
THE SUN was informed yesterday, to make a
careful examination of such Cuban stamp is-
sues as he wished to see

Fach sheet of stamps issued by the United
States Government bears, on the margin strip,
the platenumber. This imprint of the plate
number is over three satumps of every sheet on
It is the desire of stamp
collectors to possess so many of the stamps
of any sheet of a particular issue as carry with
them the plate numbers. The desire to obtain
these stamps {ts something like the desire of
engraving collectors to be possessed of artist-
proofs. According to the story, Neely per-
mitted this dealer to go through certain issues
of Cuban stamps and tear off the stamps earrye
ing with them the plate number. The dealer
His object was to
make the plate numbers of those issiies so rare
that he could obtain a high price for them,

It is taken for granted that he paid for the
stamps he thus obtained, but stamp dealers
here also take it for granted that he also paid
Nee y for permission to go through the stamps
inthisway. It was also said yesterday that
Neely had offered to dealers here certain issues
of stamped envelopes, provided the dealer
would pay him a liberal amount over an
above what he had to pay the Government for
Jetting them have the entire issne of such en-
velopes

One of the firms with which Neely had corre-
spondence relating to Cuban stamps was the
Coin. Company of 18 Fast
The Secretary of this

the margin strip.

Scott Stamp and
Twenty-third street
company, Henry L. Calman, said yesterday
“We never transacted any business dir-
reetly with Neely and, so far as I know, none
indirectly All the Cuban stamps we ever
bought we got direetly through Maior Rath-
bone, Director of Posts We sent our money
to him, ordered our stamps and got them"

TAW TO EXTRADITE NE#ELY.

House Jodictary Committee Favors the Bill
to Return Fugitives to Cuba,

WasmincTon, May 22. The House Judiciary

Committee gave a hearing to-day to John D

| Lindsay of New York, cpunsel for Charles F

|
| , d
various business transactions with stamp dealers

| W. Neely, on the subject of the bills before the

committee to permit Neely 'sextraditiontoCuba
He contended that Cuba was a foreign country,
that inthe absence ofa treaty stipulation or Con-
gressional legislation there was no author ty in
the United Siates Government to extradite an
American citizen who was a fugitive from
foreien justicgand that it was unwise and un-
desirable to piss legislation subjecting Armeri-
ean citizens to the jurisdiction of the Coban
eriminal courts
The committee

tay's bill
of criminals fleeing
United States with .
The bills restricts extradition to cases
where a foreign country or territory is ocen.
pied by the United States; provides that such |
extradition shall not oceur until an investiga-

thon before a Judge or Justice of the courts
of the United States shows that there is probe
able cause to believe the alleged offender guilty

 

decided to
for the

report Chair-

extradition
from Cuba to the
slight amendments

 

and requires the authorities of the 1 nited
States tosee that the accused has a fair and
impartial trial

The bill was reported to the House with a re-
port which says

“Laws should be enforced: criminals should
not be permitted te xo unpunished, and your
committee discovets no reason why an efficient
law of this characte: should not be upon the
statute books. Ttisin harmony with the rules, |
mractice and laws of all civiliz d nations, The |
iH provides for the return of sueh alleged of-
fenders whether the crime charged has been |
heretofore or shall be hereafter committed
This does not offend against the Constitutional
provision nagainst the enactment of ex-post
factolaws The bill relates to procedure only |
and does not make that aerime whieh was nota
erime before ita enaetment or change the
penalty to be juflicted in case the guilt is estab
lished.’

NEW CHARGES AGAINST NEELY.
Steps May Be Taken at Once to Return Him
to Caba for Trial, |

on

WASHINGTON, May The War Department
to-day received from Governor General Wood
specific charges against Nevly together with |
extradition papers for his detention It
rrobable that steps will be taken at once to
ave Neely returned to Cuba for trial on the |

new charges |

The first charge isthat Neely did unlawfully
fail to destroy the stamps as directed by
Director-General Rathbone, The second eharge
relates entirely to the shortage in his accounts
in Cuba, The charges ! been prepared |
with such care that it is thoucht impossible for

wave

 

his lawyers to prevent his extradition on any
pla

Where Pommery Champagne fs ordered no ex
planations or apologies are ever necessary, All

good judges know {t Is the finest Champagne pro
duced, and its prestige isunquestioned. That's why
& commands at wholesale the highest price. Ades

 

SS

DEMANDS FULL INVESTIGATION,

One Havana Paper Wants Other Cuban De-
partments Probed Now,
Special Cable Despatch to Tu SUN,

HAVANA, May 22.--Nothing new developed in
the postal seandal to-day, ‘The Jheeusion has
a dignified editorial urging the fullest investi-
gation both for the good of Cuba and the
American administration, It says it makes
this request, not through rancour against the
Americans, who are working for Cuba, but be-
cause it believes that it will be best for all con-
cerned for the fullest light to be thrown on
thesubject. This is the most kindly of any
Cuban expression of opinion that has yet ap-
peared

On the other hand the Nacion harshly de-
mands an investigation of the expenditures of
Collector of Customs Bliss ofjthe Sanitary De-
partment, concerning which there have been

 

 

innumerable rumors of fraud, and of the
Street Cleaning Department.

PRICE OF GAS NOT PUT UP,
Statement Now Made That It Wont Be, at

Least, Jast Now,

Tt was learned from a good source yesterday
that there will probably be no advance, for the
present, atleast, in the price of @as
meeting of the Executive Committee of the Con-
solidated Gas Company at the National City
Bank yesterday afternoon James Stillman said
that nothing had been done about advancing
the price. The directors of the New Amsterdam
Gas Company formally made public vesterday
the terms of the deal by whieh their company is
taken over by the Consolidated Company.

DEFEAT OF COLOMBIAN REBELS,

Two Generals Killed and 1,200 Prisoners
Taken tn the Santander Battle.

NEW On-LEANS, La, May 22. -News was fre-
ceived here to-day by asteamer that the Colom-
bian Government forces under Gen. Pinzon had
completely defeated the revolutionists under
Gen. Uribein the province of Santander. The
battle lasted during the daylight of six days
Gens, Lealand Herrera of the rebel army were
killed, 1,200 prisoners were taken, and a number
of cannon and stands of small arms captured
by the Government troops Gen, Uribe was
utterly routed He and his body guard fled
and were closely pursued) They took refuge
finally in Tronadera

The Government troops have also captured
the revolutionist Avelino Rosas. This capture
was effected at Cartagena, in the department of
Cauca, The defeat of Pinzon and the death of
Leal and Herrera, coupled with the capture of
Rosas, leaves only a force of rebels in the
neighborhood of Cartagena. The well organ-
{zed Government forces expect to stamp out
the remaining bands of revdélutionists in short
order, their advices say.

INSUBORDINATION ON

THE TEXAS,

Almost a Matiny at Galveston—Ten Court-
Martials Now in Progress.

WASHINGTON, May 22.~-According to reporte
received at the Navy Department several mem-
bers of the crew of the battleship Texas have
given a great deal of trouble in the last siz
weeks. The trouble began at Galveston,
whither the Texas, with the flagship New York,
was sent to take part in a celebration last
April There was more trouble at Bermuda,
whence the equadron sailed for Porto Rico
to assist in the Inauguration of Gov. Allen.
During the cruise there was some insubordi-
nation and as a result ten court-martials are
now being held on the ship at New York. It is

reported that there carne near being a mutiny,

of a dozen men at Galveston and that the com-
manding officer was unable to check the trouble.
Several men were disrated and otherwise pune
ished before the courts were ordered. The
cause of the trouble is not disclosed.

M’RINLEY MAY RIDE IN UNIFORM.

 

 

Accepts a Place on Commander Shaw's Staff
for the Annual G, A. R, Parade.

CHIcaGo, May President McKinley has
accepted a place on the mounted staff of Come
mander-in-Cliief Shaw of the G.A.R,and fs
expected to appear on horseback andinuniform
fn the annual encampment parade in August,
Not since Gen. Grant's term has a President ap-
peared in such military fashion,

22

HIS DEAF MUTE BOY LOST,

Was His Mother's Pet, Father Says--Daren’t
Go Home Without Him,

Fisherman Colberg came to New York from
Holly Beach, N. J., the other day to visit Capt
Silas Latham of the Emily P. Wright, which
lies down at the Fulton ferry. He brought
along his six-vear old boy Melvin, who isa deaf
mute, While he and the captain swapped
varna in the eabin of the smack, the boy was
allowed to wander over the pler. When they
were through and went to look for him he was
gone

That was Monday. No news has come from
the boy since. The polloe have sent out a
geveral alarm describing him as» rather tall for
his age and wearing a sailor's blouse and a
reefer, The boy was his mother’s pet on
aceountof his afffiction, and Fisherman Colberg
ts afraid to go home without bim, So the fisher-
man stays on at 48 Monroe street awaiting
news

VANDERDECK'S 100TH BIRTHDAY,

Aged Ropemaker Says He Hasn't an Ache or
a Paln- Appetite Good, Too,
Trenton, N J., May 22.--Albert Vanderbeck
of 457 Fair street is celebrating to-day his one-
hundredth birthday. "There is not amanin
Trenton to-day in better health than J," said Mr

Vanderbeck to areporter. “Lhaven'tapainor
anache, and I can eat just as heartily as I did
twenty yearsago, Of course,” he said, with a
smile, ‘I'tin not as spry as | used to be, but
when a man bas been on his feet for a hundred
years he is bound to begin to feel the effects of
wear.”

Mr. Vanderbeck was born in Thomas street,
New York city, on May 22, 1800. He was a rope-
maker, but gave it up about forty years ago to
open a fish stand in Fulton Market. He con-
dueted a stand in various markets until twenty
vears ago, When he came to Tsenton to pass
the remainder of his days with his daughter
Mrs. John Kelly

,

DIED OF A MAN'S BITE,

Blood Polsoning Follows the Wound Gray
Made in Geerearts’s Cheek.

Sararoaa, May 22..-Charles B. Geerearta,

aged 35, a Corinth blacksmith, died yesterday

| from the effects of a bite in the cheek inflicted

during a fight with George Gray, a hotel em-
plovee The Coroner made an tnvestieation in
the ease and will hold Gray responsible for
Geerearts’s death Geerearts died in great
agony, His face was distorted as a result of
blood polsoning Gray, who threatened to kill
himself when his vietim died, has disappeared

CIARK'S SENATE APPOINTMENT,

Senator Carter Presents It and the Senate
Lays It on the Table,
WasHinatox, May 22. -In the Senate to-day
Mr Carter (Rep., Mon) presented a certificate
from the Lieutenant and Aeting Governor of

Montana stating that, asa vacancy had origt-
nated in the representation of Montana in the
lnited Staves Senate, he had appointed William
\. Clark to All the vacancy he certifieate was
read in fulland was ladon the table

Had His Hair and Beard Cut and Died,

Reapine, Pa., May 22. -Cornelius Firing, an
aged b'ackamith, of Spring City, had such long
hair and beard, and was of such prodigious
strenth, that he was likened to Samson, ‘lo-
day he had’® barber cut off his hair and beard
and just as he returned home from the barber
shop he dropped dead

Haltimore and Ohio Ratiroad,

* Limited aad for Pittsburg now leaves Foot
Liberty St. 7 M., South Ferry 5 minutes earlier,
daily Dining car serves dinner and
Virst-clasa fare only nine dollars.~Ade,

4

breaklast.

After a |

 

 

 

Se

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ae aes
JUDGE SUMMONS MAYOR

TO ANSWER, WITH THE DOCK BOARD,
ABOUT THE ICE TRUST,

 

Five Councilmen Get the Order From Justiee
Gaynor -Abuse of Office in Granting Spe
clal Privileges Had to Be Alleged Council
Had Suppressed a Resolution of Inquiry,

N. liayes of Brooklyn went before
Justice Gaynor intha borough, late yesterday
afternoon, and on behalf of five members of the
MunicipalCouneil, four of whom are Coundile
men Leich, Pranciseo, Wentzand Wirth, applie@
for an order surmmoning Mayor Van Wyek ang
the inenibers of the Dock Board to appear bee
fore hin and expliin their connection with the
Amnerican lee Company, and to also explatg
a charge that they or any of them, have
granted to that company special privilegea,
Theapplieation was made under section 1586
of the Charter, which says:

“Any member of the Munileipal Assembly,

Lawyer

Commissioner, heid of department, chie€
of bureau, deputy thereof or clerig
therein, oor other offleer of the cofe
poration oor person, may, if a Justioe

shall so order, be summarily examined upog
an order to made oon application
based on an affidavit of the Mayor or of the
Comptroller or any five men bers of the Muniaie
pal Assembly orany Comroissioner of Aecounta,
or any tive citizens who are taxpayers requiring
such examination, and signed by any justice of
the Supreme Courtin the first orsecond Judicial
departments directing such examination to b@
publicly made atthe chambers of said court ia
either of said judicial departments or at the
office of said department on a day and hour
to be named, not less, however, than fortye
elaht hours after personal service of said order,

Such exanination shall be confined to an
{nquiry intoan alleged wroneful diversion oF
misapplication of auy moneys or funds, or any
violation of the provisions of law or any
want of mechanical qualifications of
any inspector of public work, or any
neglect of duty in actne as such inspector
or any delingueney charged in said affidavit
tovehing the office or the discharge or neglect

he

of duty, of whi tis allewed in the applicas
tion for said order that such member of the
Municipal Assembly, head of department or
other aforementioned officer or person hag

knowledge or information

“Such member of the Municipal Assembly,
Commissioner, head of department, clerk oP
other aforesaid officer or person shall answer

such pertinent questions relative thereto,
and produce such books and papers in
his custody or  wupder his — control
as the Justice shall direct, and the

examination may be continued trom time to
time as such Justice may order, but the answer
of the party charged shall not be used against
him in any eriuninal proceeding; provided, howe
ever, that for all false answers on material
points he shall be subject to the pains and
penalties of the crime of perjury, The pro
ceedings may be continued before any other
Justice in said Judicial department, and other
witnesses aa well as the parties making such
application may, in the discretion of the said
Justice, be compelled to attend and be exe
amined touching such dediquenetes,”’

A refusal to answer, it is provided, may be
punished as a contempt. The costs of the proe
ceeding, not exceeding $250, must be borne by
the applicants in case it appears that there wag
no probable cause for making the application,

Justice Gaynor granted the order, making {¢
returnable on Saturday. The order {s sald to
have been served on the Mayor and members of
the Dock Board last night.

At the meeting of the Council yesterday,
Councilman Francisco introduced a resoe
lution calling on the Doek Board to furnish the
Munieipal Assembly with a record of its leases
of piers tothe American Ice Company and, in
case of arefusal, to instruet the Corporation
Counsel to institute proceeding to procure the
records, The resolution stated that it had bee
currenuy reported that the Dock Board ha
violated the lawinits dealings with the Ice
Trust. Alderman Oakley, the Tammany leader,
moved tolay the resolutionon the table. Hig
motion was carried by a vote of 17 to6

The Board of Aldermen adjourned yesterday
because there were only seventeen members
present when the roll was called sharply om
time. The absentees were almost all Tamman
men, and the resolution calling for an investie
gationof thelce Trust, which was passed by
the Council last week, was due to go before the
board at yesterday's session. A few minutes
after the board adjourned there were any nume
ber of Alderisen inthe corridors of the Ci
Hall The Republican Aldermen said #0
pretty harsh things

Delancey Nicollof counsel for the Amertea
Ice Company said yesterday that the books o
the company would be produced to-day y
Jefferson Market court as Magistrate Zeller ha

ordered
ALBANY, May 22 — Briefs were filed to-day by
both sides on the eation made to the

appl

by William R. Hearst for
permission to begin an action to eancel the
certificate of authority to do business tn thie
stateof the American Ice Company, a New
Jersey corporation The Attorney-General
will shortly announce his decision and itis em»
pected he will allow the action to be begun,

ED

ADAMS CIGAR TRAIN TRIED,

Attorney-General

Satisfactory Showing on Trial Runs Betweem
Baltimore and Washington,

Rarimone, May 22..-The Adams cigar traim
had a trial run to-day from here to Washingtoa
apd returnon the Baltimore and Ohio Raile
road. The train consisted of a 67-ton
engine and six cars, the latter so enclosed ag
to permit no airentering either at the sides or
bottom. Thetripto Washington was madein
45 rpinutesand the return trip {n 40 minutes
andi5seconds The inventor says better dime

would have been made from here to the capt
had not the steam slumped from 160 poun
too

Coming back the eonditions were much
more satiafuetory, and while some timew
consumed in going out of Washington an
entering Baltimore, the speed at times w
record breaking The inventor says he coul
have made a better showing had he used @

   

 

100-ton tnstead of a 5i-ton engine. He says
he preferred to try the regulation train
There is now a fast train between here and

Washington, which makes the run regularly in

45 minutes, The record time {fs 80 minutes,
made when Vice-President Hobart was taken
to Washington The distance is forty miles,

Another trial will be made onnext Saturday be»
tween Jersey City and Washington

GUARDS DOURLED IN CANADA,

Precautions Taken to Prevent Koer Sympae
thizers Getting Into the Forts,

Hanirax, NOS, May 22. +The garrison wag
surprised to-day when orders were issued that
the guards be doubled on the six forts at the
mouth of the harbor Itis thought that the ate
tempt to destroy Welland Canal locks and the
stories of attempted outrage at the Esquimalt

   

  
 
 

  

staton have ecansed Gen Lord William Seye
mwour to take extra precautions

Vieronta, BOC) May 22. On aceount of Ine
formation received by the Commander-in-Chief
that Boer evinpathizers have left San Frane
eseo for this city special police have been
sworn in and double guards placed around the
torts and dock yarda

1 NTO, Ont., May 22. -Great interest is bee
ing taken allover Canada in the trial at Welland
of Nolin, Walsthand Dullman, allewed Fentans,
who are charwed with attempting to blow up
Welland Canal loeks The iry d@ ded ta
bring in a true b id the trial will go on toe
morrow

MAIL SORTER CRAZY AT HIS DESK,
Brother Attributes His Collapse to the Unsante
tary State of the Post Office.

Galiewher of 336 East Twenty-fifth
street, a sorter of newspaper mallat tha Gene
eral Post Office, became violently insane he his
desk last nuwht. He was removed to the Hude
son street sation and trom there to Bellevue,
Gallegher’s brother who visited the hospital
said he thought, doasph's condition was di
to the crowded a unsanitary condiues
the Post Oftica building. e

Joseph

———
‘

~