‘
his engagement met with opposition from his
family or from Miss Braines family js not
known, but of Jate ithas been rumored that the

 

EOF A MERCHANT.

SUICID

' ——— two were estranged ' ' sate
! a 8 HIMSELP | Mr Cornell's facher has made only one state
*} JAMES D. FAKIN ee pian nientslnce the matter came to light. In this
ie IN HIS LOCKED ™ he «aid that his son had been in a state of great
" HY a . Is Not, Hie j mental strain and thet while temporarily ins
i t Is Not, ane ‘liew te ed to take his
4 Supposed to Ke Wealthy, ba | sane, he believed, had attempted
i wa a fl iife The voung woman, he said, had been re-

er-in-Law Says Once Had Charge ©
tee ta ceived at the house and if there was any rnisun

" takin, His
vn 1. be _ seteeiieas | derstanding It was on the part of her family
! inele wr a ’ ’ k
James 1) EKakin, a merehant and one the MRS. ANNA GILMORE KILIS HERSELF.

original one hundred members of the Cotton :
Exchanee, killed himself yesterday afternoon |.Cate Her’Throat in the Presence of Her Has-
in his office, 45 Exchange place, by shooting band and Two Sons.

Aimself in the head. The pistol was ‘d . rhe Rip-ey Park, Pa, May 22. Mrs. Anna Gil-
i » . od. The E . oa
@nd all the chambers had been laadet e, wife J. C. Gilmore, Assistant
ima of three of the five uneaploded cartridges more, wift s of Major Sule igo
pe? . Adjutant-General of the Pennsylvania Sta
bore indentations of the hamme x awe the troops, committed suicide this morning at her
Fe ee ee ee, > r {ter home in the presence of her husband and two
street, waeeenes ane e os Ps ne fe = She used a razor, with which she nearly
nity clock struck 4 @ eler athe ) setts Guanes an Shdvine
the Brookwood estate, adjoining Mr. Fakin'# | anout « oreo un the bedrinn whew his wite
“pe 1e pistol t | entered and stood beside him, watehing him
Office, heard the report of the pistel, ran ou
| 4 q ‘are r . 5 1 fi erpazor onthe
{nto the hall and tried to get into Mr. Kakin’s | carefully. He finished and laid the razor on th

sons,
severed her head

  

cae EE REESE

{ bureau Instantly his wife grabbed it and ran
office. The door was locked and a shAdOW D to the bathroom, followed by Gilinore and their
ac ‘& a gs ane The | two sons. She arrived there first, and, stand-
§ was across the ground glass panel Th sti
; itor of the building gut. in by the window, | !ng with her head over the tub, ran the razor
; ii? ‘ kin’s t ( “had fallen from « ehair around her neck. She died before a physician
r. Bakin’s body h all eerste ses

 

He was in his shirts

ninst the door
in the building had left

Gil ‘ en i alongtime, and
i Nearly all the tenants Mrs. Gilrnore had been ill for along

her husband was making preparations to place

 

 

 

if ortheday. John Vo Irwin, a lawyer at 20% ee " !
i oadway, Who had an appointment with Mr | her in a sanitarium for treatment,
i Fakin at 4:90, came to keep it and found him .
ie dead, He suid he had sent a note to Bakin | POLICEMAN SHOOTS HIMSELF.
i which must have reached him @ ~ minutes eee ee
} . r the ap inent from 4 to
I BOO ne a eee sila note. were |(Seeond Member of Brooklyn Force to Com-
Ly | ound by Coroner Hart in the waste basket | mit Suicide Within Two Weeks.
| Put together, they read sn aha olbe | Policeman Albert D. Shultz of the Gates ave-
' ; ! ! 16 ° 7
fl glliirrant wy pty i ARG iN inte half past 1, | nuestationin Brooklyn committed suicide yea-
1 | I will be there at that ime with the account for you | terday afternoon by shooting himself twice fn
i@ } fosign, Yours very truiy, JOHN N ane ; the head at his home, 663 Greene avenue. He
i { The writer of this note is theson of WilllAM | og been four years on the force and hada
| ’ win, Mr. hakin’s attorney who is now in Bt.
Cet uis) The voung tan said that he was notat | good record About a year ago his brother,
ple» iberty to discusa the business to which the who was connected with a theatrical company
: note referred, but there was nothing which | as advance agent, shot himself in Pittsbure
" need have caused Mr. Eakin any worr He grieved so much over this event that his
Mr. EFakin's eldest) daugh nna Louise | health broke down and he was removed from
Eatin, cametothe office. She satd that busi- | regular patrol duty and assigned to the tele-
eas troubles was the cause of the suicide prone desk at the station§ He frequently told
\ he told the Coroner that lately her father is comrades at the station that he did not care
ij ad been in serious financial diffleulties tolive iis was the second police suicide i6

Brooklyn within two weeks

Maxine Elliott's Brother Kills Himself,
Thomas McDer-

Stuart, a brother-in-law of
the suicide, with an officer fn the same bulld-
{ng, said that Mr. Pakin had no serious flnan-

wédal-trouble,although he would probably jeavea
Very small estate, if any Areport that some

claim for money had been

Rater Robert W

  

ed

San Francisco, May

 

eee who : is a atte. Rakin at his offiee mott, brother of Maxine Eliiott, the actress and
frev eently was untrue Mr Stuart snd, so far | Wifeof Nat C Goodwin, committed suicide here
‘ae he knew, Mro twat said that Mr. Kakin to-day by taking poison. He was a saloon

keeper and quarrelled recently with his wife

FARMERS TO SELL MILK HERE,

bad recently suffered a third recurrence of an
sa@ttack of grip, and that it had lett his health
j shattered and hin despondent
| ; Mr. Eakin was born in Nashville, Tenn, sixty-

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

' ven years ago and came to New York more]. : ;
i than forty vears ago. He retired from active | Five States Assoctatton Proposes to Fight the
' ; bosiness vears age and it was the commom ime Trust in This City,
| ;
} ‘ ression in Wall Street that he was wealthy, He : . s
arried thedaughter of the late Joseph Stuart t BryoHamTon, May 22. -The members of
| the banking tirmn of J and J, Stuart of 45 Bx- ] the Five States) Association are preparing
a | qpange \ wl oO went out of busines’) to establish a milk exchange in New York
‘ Abou! six \ sao r bakin wasa hephewor] | .) Ie * 2 . ’ ¢
the late ‘Thomas Eakin, one of the Jargest | nd to sell milk at retail at a reduction of from
eotton brokers in New York, who died about | two to three cents a quart. They have come
' twenty-five years Ago . } to the conclusion that no satisfactory arrange-
i Of the estate of his unele Mr Fakin was made neces a at og tic rhey
, } the Joint exeentor with Mrs. Thomas Eakin, | Ment can be made with a syndicate ey
| i Six years ago the estate was transferred to the ire selling their milk for one and three-quarter
t charge of the New York Lite Insurance and | conta a quart and it ia sold at retail for 10 cents,
: Trust Company, and Mr Stuart said last night
' , that Mr ‘kin closed his accounts asexecuter | leaving to the middlemen an excessive margin
q when the Trust Company took charge of the \ committee has been appointed to look for
4 roe \ ’ , 7 1
4 estate. Of the family of TI as Fakin, only | suitable quartera in) New York and the farm-
, two daughter irvive and they live in France, |” a ak : . :
| None of the sons married. Mr. Eakin leaves a | em Say that this is the only practical way of
t widow, three uamarried daughters and two] smashing the Milk Trust that has vet been |
4 Bank one of whom is a clerk in the Chemical | presented, The sehema has the backing of |
if the Farmers’ Union, j

SUICIDE
MILK WAR ON THE WANE.

} TERRAPIN TOM A
Man Who Catered for the Nation's Lawmakers

Shoots Hineelf,

+ reese,

| Indications That Peace and a Return to the
Old Conditions Are at Hand,

The farmers making up the Five States’ Aaso-
sociation, which recently attempted to boost
the price of milk by holding back their product
and creating a shortage in this eity, and the
local dealers, who have fought them steadily,
fre gradually getting together, and aman in
the trade said yesterday that the war would
be over in a short timaé, with conditions the
sime as they were betore the trouble began
There Was a shortage in the milk supr yess
terday, but as usual it did not inconvenience
any one

James L. Bennett, counsel for the farmers’
organization, said vesterday that the aggra- |
valing thing about the situation was that the
local dealers bave been able to overcome the
farmers by paving the independent pri ducers
two cents a quart for their milk This is the
price that the farmers have been flzhting for
and Mr. Bennett that if the dealers are
|} prepared to bay independent operators that
! price he does not see why they are not willing
to pay it to the members of the Five States’ |
Association and thus end tne war A number |
of members of the association, he said, had had
offers of two cents a quart for the milk they
were holding back, and had written to their |
representatives inthis citv asking them what
they should do about the matter. They had all
been advised, s Mr Benneit, to seil at that

Thomas J known throughout the
1 United States as “Terrapin Tom, committed
| Buicide yesterday by shooting himself in’ his
{ boardinghouse at 217 West Twenty-third street
At one time he kept the House of Representa-
tives restaurant in Washington. Of |
his wife has been conducting
house in which he killed himself. Murrey was
86 years old and was born tn Worcester, Mass
He originally called himself Murray, but after
writing a he changed the
spelling of his nameto “Murrey His fr
and relatives say that he had heen acting
Queerty of late

Monday night Murrey retired to his room aa
usual Shortly terday
morning one of the boarders, Mrs. Lucey Turner,

heard the report of ayistoland going to Mur-
rey's room [ dhim stretehed out ona lour
partially dressed The blood was flowing |
@ wound behind the reht ear She
Mrs. Murrey, who hurried upstairs On the
floor near by was arevolverand on a table in
the centre of the room there was a note whien
read as follows

NOrTickE. My
1 have a rec

Murrey

te years

 

the |oarding

 

 

book on eookery

 

bef § o'clock ve

ire

SAS

  

we
rom
notified

  
 

 

a aa

to St Luke whore

‘orpse mist go
rdin the museum uni

the Press Cl

SS. stolen--on

 

in err RC ee
a =
OW aout

   

    

  
 
 

    

 

  

 

 

    
    

   

 

|
'
apeciaities 1 desire 4 b member cake |
" @ee that my wishes are carrird out * | price but not to take any less
; THoMAS J. MURREN The local dealers would not admit vesterday
\ ’Terrapin Tom | that they had puid two cents a quart for milk
A doctor who boarded tn the house pro- | @t any time since the tlaht began
pounced Murrey dead, and notitled the police
; Murrey came to New York when a young BAD NIGHT FOR THE JUDGES,
fi Hesecured asituation as assistant clerk a |
na hotelandiuradually drifted intotheeulinary . , - . |
j i \ ranch of the business. He then secured a Soctal Reformers Rall Against What They Call |
» » Place as steward of an uptown hotel, and from Government by Injunction. |

& | there went to the Astor House as steward " nse excite |
e | Finally he became newspaper reporter on a There was intense ex< ‘lement last night tn the |
'- 8 ei daily paper, retaining the plnee for five years, | Tooms of the Soctal Reform Club at 46 University |
5 } + In poet “y he wrote a book on the art of | pl , Where the undience, consisting of thirty- |
t & } cooking. ‘Then he was sppointed manager of a Sie d elghteen Women, uns -

: t re Hoes of Reptesantutives restaurant’ This five men and eigh een omen, unanimously and
ee ih was in isv?, He remained there until pov, | enthusiastically declared themselves opposed to
iets } oe aro “age f rought a new cate “government by injunction’ Several weeks

y oO the ouse 1 Bent & record of the ! aun en annimitios a7 ‘ie
} ¥ { kind of food which each Congressman or Sena. | 2408 olnmittee wa ippointed by the elub to

F + tor hada liking fi nd when he lett Wash- | investigate the evils of injunctions, and the

‘ } Bngfon he said toa end committee Was aso empowered to ascertain
voy He} am going to write a book showing the tea ’ ,

t ey effect of food on leistation lL have copious how far the United States courts had gone in
ioe i notes. Infact a library of diaries, showing | the matter and to report back to the club

; R ust what each Congressman ate on the day | measures that would improve the condition of

hathe did any remarkable thing in his place as | the Federal Judiciary
{ a Representative Fwill show what dish led to eer eae
\ a@magnificen!, fore: itburat, what the man Henry Brooks Leavitt, who was the chairman
ij ate who convils mw House with his humor | of the committee, read a report last night. It
| hi or dazzled it with his briliiant fencing in de- | recommended that no city, eounty stateor |
’ bate. Twill show what infernal com: ounds | Fe i dude should have the power to issue
| and combinations of dis! ip to dani injunctions in cases where there were laws ex |
a8 ] fool legisiation Whe ever dreams that a} isting that would give an aceused man the |

i little.thing Jike putting charlotte russe on top | right to nave his case decided by a jury It

t of apickled lamb's tongue could produce an | also declared that the appointment of Judges

; diotic finaneal meisure or that progres » | for life was a ross evil

y (slation which has immortalized its aut Ernest Ho Crosby, one of the committee,
fo lowed close upon ain artistic, mstheticluneh- | made an address in which he attacked Judges
eon? Yet these are things that my dinries | and the injunetion power "Who are these

rove conclusively and when my book is pub Judges?’ he asked. "They are only servants of

4} {shed after many vears mn ore of study of the | the people. The taet that they are Judges does
subject it will be a guide to intelligent legisla~ | not make them any better than ourselves. To

tion. You know thatl ascribe England's puis-

gance to the habit her lecislators have of never

polding asession of Parliament until after they
ave dined "

Coming back to New York Murrey secureda
place as salesinan fora frnvof dealers in wine
and whiskey. Hespent his evenings usually in
the corridors of the Hofman House or the Fifth | correction.

venue Hotel, surrounded by politicians whom “

had met in Washingt n and whom he had "RIN 1 zs .
Teed ith Vee Witty chores in teak there axe M'KINLEY'S POLICY INDORSED,

 

place in their hands the injunction powers is to
give them an absolute authority never contem-
plated by the Constitution, Thave noticed that
these injunctions are always on the side of cap-
ital and against labor.’

‘The conimittee was empowered to go ahead
and correct such things as they thought needed

 

 

 

 

 

BEL RS Se eS

 

 

   
   
      
 
    
    
 
   
 

 

 

 

 

   
   

 
  

     

 

 

   

manager of the flearst estate, ¢ The Gerome Company, dealers in
the body and notified Mra. Movie
@isco, Mr Moyle's sister f

Lughes of the Rogers Loeon

} ivenue and Twenty-eighth street,
'

made an assignment yesterday to Ira P. Beard

Seventh
3 the

f het the last book he wou'd write would have fo see
| i ra ’ .
4 2 title “Fifty Soups and How to Get Into Them.” The Manufacturers’ Claob of Philadelphia Calls
i Murrey leaves a wife and one son Attention to National Prosperity.
¥ : ae es PHILADELPHIA, May 22.--The Manufacturers’
: | F. W. MOYLE FOUND DROWVED. Club has adopted the following In reward to the
io } e es a See wolicy of the National Administrati
4, ' : Disappeared From Hoffman House on April 9 , si cet bet : sid
‘ | : ; ‘ The present National Administration has
i ; Formerly a Wealthy Miner,
| bod iw Ww 4 , heen pecuilarly identified with the economic |
: aa oe al of F ! ‘ane at one time & 1 policy which has so largely contributed to our }
, } pe wealthy California miner anc men ber of the } prosperous condition It is imbued with the |
, i { California Legisiature, was found floating inthe | best of Americanism and animated by a |
p | i North River, near the toot of Grand street, ofty spirit of patriotism and nationality |
iy Jersey City, vesterday morning Mr. Moyle | of uae am ne aavings OE |
bi disappeared from the Hoffman House on April | present incumbent The financial policy |
® Theind ons point to suleide of the nation has been settled upon a secure
basis and the menace: of a false financial system
i Mr. Mo Went to California S49, and for } has largely disappeared, But the advocates of |
i years Was very successful, but of late his affairs } that system, combining with the advocates of |
! Me ad not ben prospering, His far eons |) Populism and! socialism and all the other ele.
‘ tinued to Live in San Francisco, while Mr | menta ot discontent and disaster, are gathering |
Moyle spent : tohis tin here and in {| their forees for a further effort to establish |
pt London, in cont ny speculations themselves upon the ruin of our industrial |
| ¥ The contents of the mans pockets | civilization, so carefully and so painfully built
4 ta showed thit at thet ’ his disappears | up, andit concerns all citizens, and in particu-
+ a @nce he waa being sharply essed fora bill | lar the manufacturers and business me) of this
of $121, which he owed the Ho in House country, Whose interests are so largely it the |
: ? Mr. Movie bad plenty of weaithy frie; seale, to see to it that no indifference, no over- |
the ¢ity and 4 representative of a Wal confidence, shall give the e ies of order and
: rin, Who called at the Morgue ve prosperity the opportunity to destroy the
i | oon, said that he eould have tia | splendid edifice of national welfare which is the
he} f money, but was too high spirit ri admiration of the world to-day." |
he tand thus reveal to his irend .
hi Plight. In former davs Mr Moyle wa et Hasiness Troubles.
q of the late Senator Hearst and | e, |
|

millinery a
|

 

 

 

 

} as children and grandehiidren on the Pacith (ieorge Brown, builder of 33 Weat Ninoty- |
| coast, ninth street, has filed a petition in bankruptey
! - . with labilities S188 ene nO Assets he |
‘YOUNG CORNELL TRIED § », | debts are largely secured by mortgages
f UICIDE, Edward R. Dunham of Yonkers has filed a
tition in bankruptey here with liabilities |

I ae sa

 
    

Bhot Which Wounded Him Was Not Fired by $21,196 and nominal assets $26,000 |
Accident Love Affair in the Case, Judge Brown of the United States District |

 

\f ’ |

t sane 8. J. Mal #0.-Jehn Came Court has granted a discharge in bankruptcy |
{i PERTH oun ¥,N. J, May 22. John Cornell, to William P. Petty, formerly, one of. the pro-
} i the son of ROM Cornell, who shot himself on yrietors of the Metropolitan Hote!. Liabilities,
th Baturday night at his father's residence on the 4,680)
' 1 Woedbridge road, may recover. The bullet More Arbitrators for the Striking Cigarmakers

   
 

Passed through the lett lung near the heart and
has not been found Lt is admitted now that he
tried to commit suicide. Itis known that he
‘was in love with a Miss Braine of Newark, to
whom he was reported to be engaged. Whether |

A committee from the Social Reform Club
called yesterday at the headquarters of the

striking cigarmakers in Bohemian National
Hall and offered to arbitrate the strike, The
etrike committee accepted the offer.

'

ae

  
 

  

THE SUN, WED

Eo

SURRENDER OF FILIPINOS.

ee

TWO COMPANIES WITH 168 RIFLES
VIELD AT TARLAC,

First Voluntary Surrender of an Organ-
ised Rebel Force Seven Officers and 16%
Men tn the Party Twenty-four Insargents
Killed ina Fight North of Laoag, Luzon.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
MANILA, May 22. The Presidente of Tarlac
received a letter from an insurgent Major yes-
terday saving he wanted to surrender The

Presidente informed Col Liseum of the Ninth

Infantry, who sent a reply to the insurgent

officer telling hirn to come in immediately with

The insurgents reached Tarlac at 2

o'clock this morning. In the party were a

Major, two Captains, four Lieutenants and 163

men, with 16s rifles and a quantity of ammuni-

tion, The men who surrendered were from

Gen. Macabouros’s command, ‘This is the first

voluntary surrender of complete organiZavions

On the morning of May is Capt. Rucker of
the Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry struck
some insurgents above Laoag. He killed an
ofleer of the name of Tino, a nephew of the
insurgent General Tino, and twenty-three men,
and captured twenty-three rifles

Wasninoton, May 22.-Gen. MacArthur
eabled to the War Departinent this morning re-
vorting the absolute surrender of (wo complete

Piligsne organizations He says itis the first

Instance ot the surrender of aun insurgent ore

ganization intact, andhe rewards it as signifi-

his men

eant and inportant. the despatel was ine
mediately senttothe White House and read to
the President by Seeretary Root all recent

 
  

 

reports from the tslands lave shown a &
Improvernentin the situation. "Phe insurgents
appear to be demoralized, owing to the great
success of the American troops. The report of
yesterday that 500 Filipinos were routed by only
eighty Americans is much Commented upon by
army offleers

Itis admitted unofflcially that the improved
conditions are due entirely to the course
recently adopted of showing no quarter to the
Tilipinos, who are now treated as bandits and
murderers” Private advices received at the War
Departiinent show that there are frequent exe-
cutions of captured Filipino bandits. This is,
however, only atter trial by native courts anda
regular, jewal sentence of death, An instance of
this is reported from Laoag A vane ot ineut-
wents Killed nine native peice of the town of

 

 

Bangul, and also kolled the Presidente and
looted his house, A troop of the Third Cavalry
under Lieut, Thayer was sent to Bangui
it midnight and caught thirtv-seven of the
ladronesin the Vresidente’s house. The caval-
ryinen ted the insurgents with their larniats and

took them to Laoag. ‘The trial of the prisoners
by a native court with a native Judge was then

 

ordered by Col, House, Their fate, according
to the report irom Laoag, will depend upon the
action of the native court

lhe report from Gen. MacArthur this morne
{ne says

“Wheaton reports two’companies insurgents,

comprising the Commandante, Captain,
two First Lieutenants, tour Second Lientenants,
sf tnen with 168 gunsin good «condition, small

 

quantity ammunition, surrendered at Tarlac at
2 ALM., May 22. ‘Thisis tho first instance in the
islands of surrender of organizations come
piete and isregarded as signiticant and imne-
portant

PREVAILING RATE LAW AGAIN,

City Contractors Money Held Back— Constl-
tutionality of Law Attacked,

the Wads-

Justice

John © Rodgers, contractor on
i grading, moved before
irt vesterday for
damus to compel Comptro'ler Celer to
pay him $4,412.63 under the terms of the cone
tract. The money had earned but the
Comptroller had declined to pass the bill, Com-

the Kuights of Labor

worth aver
Leventritt of the Supreme c¢

 

a mar
been

plaint had been made by

  

  

 

 

  
 

NO NION MAN

   

Rioting Goes On in St. Loals- Strike Leaders
Drafting New Agreement,

Sr. Lovis, Mo, May 22. The Tranatt Com-

pany succeeded jn operating two new lines to-
day, The company hadsome cars running on
each of twenty-one divisions Six others are
still closed, As miles of wire have been carried
off, it will require considerable repair work be
fore these can be opened, No attempt has
been made to keep any of the lines open at

night

B G. Kilgore, a non-union man, Was shot in
the back by an unknown assailant about 720
o'clock this morning while on his way to the
sheds of the Transit Company. His wound is
serious, Policeman Winkle of the mounted
division was shotin the foot at the car sheds of
the Mound City division while endeavoring to
disperse a crowd which was preventing the tak-
ing out of cars, Several shots were fired oneach
side. It is believed that three or four per
sons Were wounded, bul, pursulng their custom.
ary tactics, the strikers hurried them away. A
number of arrests were made

At strike headquarters 4 telegram Was re-
ceived from former Gov. William J. Stone, ac-
cepting the strikers’ invitation to represent the
enjoined men in the injunction litigation in the
Federal Court next Friday. The application of
Marshal Bohle for permission to engage 100
additional deputies to carry out the mandate ot
the federal Court has been referred by Attor-
ney-General Griggs to Judge Adams and Dis-
trict Attorney Roseir .

The leaders of the strike were in conference
this afternoon with their attorney, and dratted
another agreement for submission to the Tran-
sit people, President Whitaker says that he
will not sign or accept any agreement other
than the one rejected by the men after the last
conterence.,

A crowd of strikers andsympathizers brutally
beat Motorman Clever and Conductor Graham
of car 1367 of the Easton Avenue line,

 

CROTON CONTRACTORS ALL RIGHT,

Cc. F. U. Fatls to Sabstantiate the Charges
Growing Out of the Recent Strike,

A committee of the Central Federated Labor
Union, which has preferred charges against the
contractors for the new Croton Dam, appeared
before the Aqueduct Commissioners yesterday
for the purpose of showing that the contractors
were responsible for the recent strike of Italians
that work The contractors, Coleman,
Breuchaud & Coleman !

on
were present, and the

members of the committee were William J
O'Brien. John S. Henry and Timothy Daly
J.P. Archibald was present, but hot as 4

member of the committee

Mr. O'Brien was the spokesman for the com-

 

 

 

   

mittee He said that the padroue syst waa
in vorneat Croton Dam; that the men were
obliged to buy their own tools and to patronize
the contractors’ stores for supplies, He fur.
thermore alleged that the firmes contract with
the citv expired in July of last year, and that
consequently the contractors were sulijeet to

uld no
than

labor legislation passed since then and
longer Cormpel their mien to Work tore
elaht hours a day :

The contractora replied that thelr contract

 

with the city had not expired, having been re-
newed in July, 1s90 TPhev denied that the pa-
drone system was in force on the work andsaid
thatnoman need patronize the contractors’
store unless he wanted to They denied all the

 

rom
OTignad or ract
feapoint

i} claimed exempt
since the

other allegation
all lator laws pas
was signed by them. The committee ma

 
     

ol the fact that the contractors were dodging
the Weekly Payment law | The contractors said
that they were not obliged to obey thatlaw. It

was agreed to leave this matter to the Corpora-
tion Counsel

The committee was unable to produce evi-
deneein support of their charges that tt ne
tractors were violating the labor ws and
dozen or more witnesses that the contractors
had on band were not called to refute any-
thing. The commission will report to the
Mayor that the labor men were unable to sup-

Po

 

the

 

| port their contentions at the hearing

that the contractor had not paid the prevailing
rate of wages to his drillers and enanteers, and |
that the contract had there become invali-
dated The Comptrotier mace an afiidavit, !
whieh Was submitted on the motion vesterday,
in which he says he investigated the charge |
against the contractor and teund the tact to be
that he had not paid the prevailing ra

LawyerL Laflinhelloge, nvehalfot Koders

        

said that he would admit in the ease forth

   

} unions

oses of his contentions that the previuhng rate
of wages had not beenpuid. Heeootended that
the Prevailing Kate of Wies law « as uneconsti-
tutional, as it destroyed the right of an indie,
vidual to make contracts for his wages. It

 
 

forced on him the prevailing rate regare sof
his abilitv and gave the unskilled workman the

 

|

same wave asthe skilled Even ifthe law were
constitutional, he said, the ety could not arbi- |
trarily say that a contract was avoided. The
law preseribed aimethod of punishing the eon-

    

 

 

tractor by complaint of the Factory Inspectors
to the Distriet Atrornes

Mr Kellowe said further that the law was
against publie policy, as it med to give labor
Unions achance to bleel rs and
the city t arbitrarily raising the prevailing
rate of wages

Corporation Counsel Whaien contended that
the act wis constitutional and that on-
tractor to the contract knowing What rates
hehadto pay. Even the law were uneonsti-
tutional, he urged, the contractor was bound to
pay the prevailing rates, because his written
contract contained that prov !

Justice Leventritt reserved decision

General Strike at a Boston Shoe Factory,

 

 

   

 

ROS Te May 22. A general strike was or-
dered this morning at the Winchester factory
of the United Shoe Machinery Company
employing about seven liuindred
The trouble the outeome of a wh
discharge al men a Week ago on
Saturday, o when seventy were let go
because of the sluckness of work at this
season of the year Phis version was doubted
by the men, who said they were “killed off"
because they were orginizing a union, and
more than two hundred hands struck to-day
through svmpath Pheirrobjeet now is to jin-

 

dice enough others to leave so that the plant
Will be tied up

Amalgamated Men Can't Agree on a Wage

Scale,
INDIANAPOLIS, May 22--The convention of
amalgamated iron, steel and tin workers has

   

 

not yet received reports from any of its eom-
mittees and the Scale Comrnuittee is said to be

a dead Ki The members are trying to
reach in agreement on the seqale as will
enabl }1o report to the convention as a
" but this now seems to be tpossible. The
tin plate workers have demanded ninety-four
change In fhe present seale of wages, five
changes are demanded in the sheet and tin bar
seale and the structural mill workers are the
only class that has not demanded changes

Plano Movers Threaten to Strike,

Five hundred piano movers aMifated with
the Knights of Labor demanded the abolition
yesterday of a rule made by the employers re-
quiring them to clean the harness on Sundays
of the horses that draw the moving vans. The
piano movers say they are satisfled with their
wages, Which are $15 a week, but that they will
strike if the Sunday work is not abolished

WEDDING
GLASSWARE

ATTRACTIVE

PRICES

“ , )
Dorflinger’s
915 Broadway, near aist Street
36 Murray Street, New York

PENCERIAN
TEEL PENS

Are the Best

They cost a trifle more than
the common makes, but they
last longer and write better,

Sainples for trial sent on ree pt of return postage

SPENCERIAN PEN CO.,
349 Broadway, New York City,

: ENGLISH
LUNCHEON AND TEA BASKETS

Fitted complete, for Picnics,
Travellers and Yachting.

LEWIS & CONGER,

130 AND 132 WEST 42DsT.

 

 

 

 

LOCKED-OUT HOD CARRIERS RIOT,

Kansas City Police Use Clabs and Then Fire
On the Disorderly Crowds,

Kansas City, Mo, May 22) The e
tween the building contractors and the labor
aMliated with the Building Trades
Couneil has become serious, ‘The po
called upon to-day to quell flehts betweenunion
and non-union workmen, Newero hod «
attacked the white men who had taken the:
places on the addition to St. Joseph's Lospiti

 

be-

ash

eo were

irriers

NESDAY, MAY 23, 1900.

and on a new building near Seventeenth and
Locust streets Several shots Were fired, two |
Negroes were wounded and others severely
beaten by the police Reserve poleoomen ive

been placed on duty at every new building

    

    
   

Thet at Seventeenth and Locust
Wasa vone— Five policemen undertook
arrest two oor three negroes Forty or f
sympathizers rushed to the resene. Th
men used their cluba and br "he i! ! :
The mol ere however, and 10} vit 1
clubs Phen the policerien oper tire with r
V two negroes wer unded the
r a

The master piumbers have joined with the
other building men in the fizghton the Building
Trades Council, and to-day forty plinibime |
firtos, menjbers of the Master P er -
ciation, lock out all the men who
leave the « The estimates of t

     

locked out

plumbers place the number of mer

at 200

ELECTRIC LIGHT MEN STRIKE,

Baltimore Employees Demand More Wages
Only One Company tn the Citys,
BALTIMORE, May 22
of the United Electric I

Iwo hundred emplovees

ight and Power Cor

 

  

  

 
     

 

 

  

 

  

pany went on a strike to-day for higher wages,
They inelude the | ‘Ae dynamo
tenders and dynamo helpers They ask an
advance of about 25 cents aday in wages
Flectrie company is the only one doing
noma ti Baltimore A number of large builk
ings have their own dynamos, but there is no
other place in Baltimore to obtain eleetrie light
or power except from the company involved
In the present strike

lo-enight nove of the lights is burning in the
stores The e€ trie company js under ce« t
to keep 1.400 ¢ bi s burning on the
tor the eit ot Baltimore Th ire ‘
lights, having two carbons Thev '

' about 2 « ek to-morrow morning

ut attention It rent With the digo ar
lughtS in business houses These biave or

> carbon and require daily attention. Thy
men who struck all hel to jor j n No, 27
of the National Brothe dof Lleetrical Work

 

 

ers There will proba be a conference to
morrow If no agreement is reached the cit
will have to depend on street lamps for light
to-morrow night

 

TRIED TO FORCE A STRIKE,

Delegates Who Wanted to Make Trouble for
Contented Shirt Ironers Arrested,

The employees in the laundry of Joseph
Grosaman at 96 Cannon street were waited
upon yesterday afternoon by half a dozen men
who said they were delegates of the Shirt [ronera’
Union. They asked Grossman's
to go on strike for higher wages, Grossman's
employees protested that they were perfectly
satistied with their situations The delegates

became more emphatic in their demands, and
they were ordered out of the laundry. They
refused to go, and the employees started to
eject them

\ free tight
were sent fron
stations to quell

emplovees

followed, and policemen who
the Ele »and Delancey streeta
' arr edeleven of the unio
men When the were arraigned later in the
Easex Market police court they were lectured
by Magistrate Crane

“The time is coming.” said the Magistrate,

   

“when men like you who seek to deprive other
men of the right to earn a living will be sent
to jail IT will diseharee you with a warning

this time, but if the offence is repeated | will
|

send youto jail

Strike in Paterson Averted by Arbitration,

The Joint Arbitration Committee appointed
by the Nationa! Foundrymen’s Association and
the Iron Moulders’ Union of North America to
settle a dispute between jron mouldersin Pater-
son, N.d., numbering about two hundred and
fifty, and their employers, met yesterday in the
Astor House and reached a settlement) Neither

 

side would tell the terms of settlement, but
both said that they were sativfactory and that
the committee had power to sign An agreement
which wonld be binding The Paterson tron

moulders demanded the some wages as those
now received by the jron moulders of Newark

Discharge of a Union Man Canses a Strike,

Jouiet, Tl, May The discharge of the
President of the Amalgamated Association of
lin Workers precipitated a strike to-day atthe
Great Western Tin Plate Works here, 150 men
walking outin three departments After a con-
ference the superintendent closed the entire
works, throwing out 200 men. The dispute does
hot Involve the wage question

on

Longshoremen Dictate New Terms,

The Longshoremen’s Union Protective Asso-
ciation has notitied owners of vessels and steve-
dores that after June 1 members of the union
Shall not be compelled to work with ships crews
driving winches, and that 60 cents an hour be
paid for work done on Sundays, holidays and
during meal hours

a

——————

TU BAR OUT OUR SAUSAGES.

BUT REICHSTAG VOTES TO ALLOW
IMPORTATION OF CURED MEATS.

Compromise on Meat Bill- Ambassador White
Talks to German-American Delegation of
the Friendly Relations Between — tho
Two Countries Never Better Than Now,

Speetal Cable Despatch to THRE SUN,

Brntun, May 22.— The Reichstag, by a vote of
9. to-day adopted a compromise pro-
hibiting the importation of conserves and
stusages, but continuing to allow the impor-
tation of cured meats, Prince Herbert Bis-
nmurck said it was incorrect to describe the
House’s action as directed against the United
States, as the Meat bill apples to all coun-
triesalike. The vote on the billasa whole will
be taken to-morrow,

Ihe deputation of the German-American
Kriegerbund, which arrived in Germany on
Saturday from New York, started to-night for
lresden, To-day the members of the deputa-
tion visited the American Embassy, where they
were introduced by Emil Klaessig to Ambas-
sador White, who addressed them

Inthe course of his remarks he referred to the
fact that the former unsatisfactory German
currency was one of the reasons why German-
Americans made astrong and steadfast stand
against a depreciated currency, They realized
d depreciated currency wasa
ntrivance for plundering the

1k to

 

  

that a debased ¢
perfect c

 

most
poor

He belleved that German prospertty helped
rather than hared the United States, It was
not true that Germans should think only of
their new and torget their old countrymen.
Men who were ungrateful sons were not as a
rule best husbands. Mr, White advised
German-Atnericans to educate their children in
the language of the country of their adoption
and also in German, This would be patriotic
as tending to a better acquaintance of the two
countries

Mr. White concluded by declaring that the
stories of American hatred of Germany and vice
versa were baseless, The relations between the
two were never better than now,
There was some clashing between private par-
ties and the agricultural, manufacturing and
but the great heart of
both nations desired peace and In this desire
the Governments participated Ameri-
cans seemed troubled by the fear that their
Ambassador had yielded too much to Germany
for the sake of peace, but he was consoled by
the fact that certain German papers made the
same charge against the German Minister of
Foreign Affi Che truth was that both of
them were acting in the best interests of both
countries

the

countries

commercial interests,

some

 

 

 

 

PARTY OF CUBAN PESSIMISTS,
Democratic Union Issaes a Manifesto on the
Black Present and Uncertain Future,

 

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
HAVANA, May 22.- The Democratic Union {s-
ifesto to-day in which Cubans and

Its tone is wholly

sued a niar
Americans alike are abused

pessimistic he present is black and the fu-
ture uncertain, The elections mean nothingand
itisimnpossible to draw any inference from
them. This is thoroughly understood by the
Americans, the paper savs, because they are

obeying outside considerations and are con-
nein their practice every principle of
good administration by sweeping aside the

present laws and fixing the short period of a

tradk

yearfor the renovation of the municipalities,
Complaint is made that the election law ts con-
trary to the spiritof the Cuban people and
contrary to their customs. Tt permits endless

buses, provides for

 

no representation of the

minority, and compels electors to appear per-

sonally to register. Somuch, the manifesto

says, for the insincerity of the Americans
Attention is then turned to the Cubans. It

says that ail over the island there are groups of
men whose idea of patriotism consista of the

proscription of their adversaries. Their idea

 

 

of a political contest means the hurling of
seandals and charges against their opponents
and committing all sorts of crimes against the
ballot

Ihe manifesto winds up with a howl against
everything It declares that the party will take
’ part the ect

G Wood) é rther good advice to
Civil Governor G “of Santa (lara, who was
} hy e tractable to-da He has heen in
for dA that ecc t must be practised and
that several miumiecipalittes that were formed
for polit pury Gen. Brooke's time
will be suppressed and amalgamated with the
{i=tr a to Ww the formerly belonged,
Gov. Gomez thought this an excallent scheme
If he wld kich the ices he will proba-
bly be perseded by Gr Carrilio, Who is ex-
tremely popular Soutuclara. He is coming
! Hiavang tosemorrow to eonter with Gen,
Wood regarding the state of affairs there

Ger, We ws had the bandits who were re-
eently captured in Santa Clara brought here to

induced them to take to the

try to learn who

woods They have thus tar refused to give any
information It fs pretty certain that the rural
guard pat dhbenvup to itin order to prevent a
reduction of ther force, as has already been
cabled to Tuk SUN

DREYFUS CASE REVIVED,
French Cabinet Sustained on Declaration That
His Pardon Was Just.

   

 

 

Special Cam. Despatch to Tit SUN

Panis, May 22. During a debate in the
Chamb f to-day, arising from an
nterpella juestiono: confidence

the ( P Minister Waideck-
Rousseau tiade a declar nh which produced a
strona res nH id that he was opposed
to rey » Prey Mar, and declared

uwowh Drevfus was pardoned the Govern.

ment performed an avetol humanity and an act

of justice
\ diy
ernment

mon the interpellat
binajority of

n gave the Gov-

 

ee ay "
a Aa eseeeee *% ae
a |
, J

Tale
DISCOVERY

“T have been thinking
ou for some time,’ writes Mrs. W. D.
enson, of Maxton, Robeson Co., N. a
‘‘to let you know what a wonderful thing

 

of writing to

Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
did for my little hoy. He was taken
with indigestion when he was a year
and a half old, and he was under the
doctor's treatment for five long years.
We spent all we made for doctor's bills,
and it did no good. He could not eat
anything only a little milk and cracker,
and sometimes even this would make
hiin sick, and he got very weak; could
not sit up all day, and I gave up all hope
of his ever getting any better, Looking
over one of your books I noticed Dr
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery rec-
ommended for indigestion, We bought
some and gave to our boy. Two bottles
of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoy-
ery cured him. He is well as can be
and can eat anything that he wants and
it does not hurt him, He has not been
sick a day since, and it has been three
years since he took your medicine. I

pray that God will always bless you and
your medicine,”

   

mats th te

mae aE

Cat
AND LUNGS.

 

7 "

OmO

  

AIA YIIS

  

DO YOU
REALIZE

  

of the day before?

in reading your morning
paper how much of the
news you have read in

your EVENING POST

   
 

 

     
     
  

      
 

y

OWE mE

  

 
     
   
    

that the EVENING

POST publishes more live
reliable news each day than
any other New York eve-

 

 

 

 

KILLED HIS SWEETHEART.
THEN DISCHARGED SOLDIER LINe

DEGREN KILLED HIMSELP.

 

Lydia Parson, a Pretty Swede, the Victim of
a Rejected Lover's Rage—She Was a Ser-
vant of Marcus Stein and Was Shot in the
Doorway of His Father-in-Law, Max Nathan,

YONKERS, N. Y., May 22.—A double crime was
committed early this evening at ‘'Fairlawn,”’
the country home of Max Nathan, President of
the Nathan Manufacturing Company, 92 Lib-
erty street, New York. Marcus Stein, a son-in-
law of Mr. Nathan, with his wife and family,
left their residence at 218 Madison avenue, New
York, this afternoon and came to Yonkera,
bringing with them their maid, a pretty Swede,
named Lydia Parson, aged 20. The Nathan and
Stein families were to have a family reunion
this evening.

At about 6 o'clock a young man called at the
house and asked to see Lydia. She wentto the
front door and the twohad a few words. Then
aservant of the Nathan household saw a flash
and heard the report of a pistol, followed bya
shriek from Miss Parson, who turned and ran
through the house and out of the rear door to
the lawn, where she fell.

In her flight she was closely followed by the
man, who, keeping arevolver constantly levelled
at her head, fired three more shots at the
fleeing figure, but, as it was afterward dis-

covered, only the first took effect. The girl fell
prone upon the lawn, where she lay dead The
man on reaching the spot where the girl lay
placed the revolver at his own temple and puta
ttt - his brain, falling dead at the side of
the wink,

The bodies were covered over withsheets, and
the police were notified) On investigation it
was discovered that the man was a soldier,
recently discharged from the British army.
Papers and letters were found in his pockets
all directed to Y. 8. Lindegren, both in London
aud New York. Among them was an honor-
able discharge of Y. 8. Lindegren from. the
Kafirian Rifles, in which he had served in
Bechuanaland in 3897. In addition a postal |
card bearing the address ‘‘Y. 8S. Lindegren, ;
care of Mrs. Marie Wells, 909 Sixth avenue, New
York’ was alsofound. It was written in Swed-
is and signed “Lydia.”’ [tis believed that the
motive for theerime was rejected love. From
the servants {t was learned that the girl had
known Lindegren for some time and that he
had been very attentive to her, but she refused
tomarry him. To-day he had been watching

 

her in New York and on seeing her
leave with the Steine family, he boarded
the same. train for Hastings which

is near the Nathan home. He engaged a cab
and was driven rapidly tothe house. Onthe
way he told the driver Morris Lester that his
sweetheart was atthe Nathan place and that

he had jilted him but he intended seeing her
before he went away for good

Lindegren arrived at Fairlawn a few minutes
before the girl reached there, and he waited
unvil he saw her enter the house. She had only
removed her coat and hat when he cume to the
door
Thegirl was a pretty blonde of medium height
of a paper disposition, and she was well
liked by the Steine family, by whom she had
been employed fora year. The bullet which
caused her death was tired at close range and
itentered her right temple

AUSTRALIAN BILL COMPROMISE.

The Agreement Reached Concerning
Right of Appeal to the Privy Coanclil,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, May 22.~The Commonwealth of
Australia bill, which passed its second reading
in the House of Commons yesterday, welds the
five Australian Colonies into a Commonwealth
which will control everything affecting the ex-
terior relations of the Colonies concerned, and
the bill now stands exactly as it was formulated
by the Colonies, except as regards the clause
dealing with the right of appeal to the Privy
Council by the Australian States. These rights
were impaired, and Mr. Chamberlain suggested
an amendment which did not satisfy all the
delegates

Then a compromise was effected by which all
questions as to the limits, interse, of the con-
stitutional powers of the Commonwealth and
of the States, or as tothe limits of such pow-
crs between the different States, were left to
theffinal decision of the High Court of the Com-
monwealth, Cases that appear in the forego-
ing classes will lie to the Privy Council only
by consent of the governments concerned
In all other cases theright of appeal remains
untmpatred. Poweris granted to the Common-
wealth’s Parliament to limit the right of appeal
in the future, but tt is expressly provided that
any exercise of this power must be reserved
for her Majesty's pleasure.

MORALITY BILT.

 

 

REVISED PUBLIC

 

Reichstag Passes a Measure Without the Anti-
Art and Literature Provisions,
Speciai Cable Despatch to Tue SuN

BERLIN, May 22.--In the Reichstag to-day the
table was covered with flowers, tt being the
200th sitting of that body,

The withdrawal of the lex Heinze or Public
Morality bill yesterday resulted to-day {n the
introduction and passage on three readings of |
a compromise measure which {s similar in {ta

provisions, but from which the anti-
Hterature clauses were omitted The mete,
mise js a victory for the minority, as the res
vised bill is comparatively unimportant,

 

Astor Gives $1,000 to Railway Relief Fand,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE Sun.
Lonpon, May 22 ~-William Waldorf Astor has
donated £200 to the Great Western Railway to
be placed in the collecting box of the dog

‘Tim."”. The money isto be placed {

tor the benefit of the widows and orphane nd
railway employees who have been killed in the
war

ee
New Honors for Lord Strathcona.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae SUN
Loxpox, May 22, Among the honors that
will be conferred on the occasion of the Queen's

birthday will bea new patent of n
Lord Strathconaand Mount Royal, ie caee
dian High Commissioner {n Lon

on,

Rooms Uptown for the Coarts. |
The Committee of Supreme Court Justices,
which has hadin charge the work of finding
suitable quarters for the Courts during the
time that the Court House is being repaired, is

said to be thinking of occupying ae
of the new fifteen-story building at aa Soore
pad corner of Fourth avenue and

the south-
Nineteenth

4

 
 
  

oe

Milhnery,
Wed. & Thurs.
May 23rd & 24th.

Ladies’ Trimmed
Sarlors, Leghorns,
Togues &7 Bonnets,

$10.00,

former prices $15 to $30,

Misses’ and
Children's [Tats,

5.00.
Lord Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

W.& J. Sloane

BIGELOW
BRUSSELS
CARPETS.
Cheery patterns for bedrooms.

A most satisfactory Carpet.

Broadway § 19th Street,

 

CARPET CLEANSING.

326 7th Av., Near 28th st.

Kath. 1868, Tel, 1182 88th St
Send for Circular,
T,

_T. M. STEWART.

HALLE NOT TO PLEAD YFT.

 
  

 

His Lawyer Says That the District Attorney
Is Showing Unseemly Haste.

Aaron Halle, who murdered Mary Brannigan
in the Third avenue department store where
she was employed, was arraigned before Judge
Cowing in the General Sessions yesterday to
plead to the indictment charging him with
murder in the first degree. He stood with his

eves on the floor, affecting no interest in the
proceedings. Abe Levy, his counsel, asked that
the pleading be adjourned until June &, assert-
ing that, owing to what he spoke of as the un-
seemly haste of the District Attorney's office, he
had been unable to give proper attention (0 (he
case. The pleading was put off for one wees

Latest Marine Intelligence,

Arrived: Ss. Winefeld
Greenock, May 7

new, 2.081 tons) Osborne,

 

A SCIENTIFIC BREAKFAST. |

Rightly selected food will cure more than half

the diseases. Try a scientific and healthy
breakfast:—Fruit of some kind, preferab'y
cooked, a dish of Grape-Nuts, with crea

two soft-boiled eggs. Put two eggs in a tin

 

pint cup of boiling water, cover and set «for
nine minutes. Whites will then be the cone
sistency of cream and most easily digested

One alice of bread with butter, cupof Postum
Ceren) Food Coffee

On that breakfast you can work |ikea horse
and be perfectly nourished until noon Your
nervous troubles, heart palpitation, stomach
and bowel troubles, kidney complaints and
various other disorders will gradually disappear
and firm, solid health will setin

Why? You have probabiy
poorly selected food, that ia food that does cot
contain the reqnired elements the body ©
That sort of food, and coffee, is the director ine

direct cause of more than halfthe ‘is "4
human body acquires

heen jiving on

Grape-Nuts is a perfectly cooked food i
both that and the Postum Food (Coffer
fine microscopic particles of phosphate ot
ash obtained in a natural way from the e548
of the fleld and by scientific food experts
porated into food and drink Thar ¢
Joins with the albumenin tood to make ery
matter, which is the filling of the bras 4
and the nerve centers all over the human
Anan or woman thus fed is seleniufi a 1
and rapidly grows in vigor andvitality, and be-
conducting success! he

comes careme of iil

affairs of life. Toproduce a perfect bod ind

@ money making brain, the body must hare the

right kind of food and the expert food special-

iat knows how to makeit. Thatis Grape-Nuts

and Fostyin Cerea] Food Coffee, produced at (he
ure f factories of the Postum Cereal LO.
td., at Battle Creek, Mich.—Adv.

 

=--452

~22eD

Sero—gPorros se