aT;

ET.

ttorney

noigan
where
e Judge

day to
m with
ith his
in the
hed that
assert-
the un-
Dffice, he
nto the
week,

 
  
      
     
 
    
     
   

Osborne,

T.

n half
healthy
eferably
cream;
na tin
t off for
he cone
Digested,
Postum

  

 
   
   

a horse
pn. Your
tomach
nts and
isappear

ving on
does not
ly needa,
t or ine
{lls the

d and
ontain
of pot-
P grains
incor-
lement
e gray
in cella
body,
lly fed
and be-
lly the
pdy and
ave the
pecial-

 

 

 

    

 

 
 

SETTER JOB FOR DR, BROWN

STREET I8 TELLING A

"p BERRY ’
WeLBENOUS TALE ABOUT IT.
jon of the Noetor’s Recently Gave
Decls Kane an Inspectorship, Left Capt.

mire in the Cold and Solved an Awk-

ward Problem for the Pollce Board,
ho fact that the Police Board has invited Dr
va TL Brown of the Civil Service Bureau

 

— yor upon the staff of police surgeons,
ao ih he has long been seriously at odds,
wn if oe the gossips going at a deal of talk in
af at yo street. Dr. Brown is the physician
a  peqauresandexamines applicants for pub-
nlovnent. Heisaman of decided opinions
we “1 they happened to differ from those
o° iy ‘ surgeons has not hesitated to #x-
¢ ee Twice atleast the eligible lists of
bes on havebeen held up because Dr. Brown
Caled that aman was fit who was marked un-
fit by the dep irtrment surgeons. Each time the
board surrendered because the doctor on his
kopie blo« ked the way entirely to any appoint-
ment of patroimen

only last Thursday William H. Tiernan waa
goappointed. ‘The department surgeon had
certified that he had organic heart disease and
was therefore unfit to be @ policeman, He
might drop dead any minute at his post, the

slice surgeons said, Dr, Brown said that was
not so, he might reasonably expect to live to be
ancidman. The board, with both opinions be-
f-oit, appointed Tiernan,

The next day it asked the Civil Service Board
iveup Brown to the Police Department The

service Board has not replied yet. A
year and a pension

tok
iy
olice surgeon gets $3,000 a
gpon retirement. The Civil Service Medical
Examiner gets $2,000 and no pension The
doctor might inaturally be expected to favor
the change In fact he tried once, when backed
by Jonn Milholland, and failed The fact that
Commissioner Sexton, the Tammany boss. in
the board, offered the resolution inyitin him
ip, gives ostensible ground fora story that is
told in Mulberry street

Iris to the effect that Dr. Brown is thus re-
warded for getting the board out of an awk-
ward diemma in the matter of the vacant in-
gpectorship. Mr. Croker had decreed that the
lace must go to Capt. Kane, and all others
were warned off. But four veterans braved
the wrath of Tammany and put Kane last on
Veterans have the preference under
fwoof them, Campbell and Kenny
The two others, Allaire anc

 

thelist
the law
a coaxed off,
Pruhan, stuek

In th semergeney, the Mulberry street gossip

 

goes, Dr. Brown rejected Allaire on physical
examination as lacking in activity and endur-
ance Only Druhan remained then, Old In-

spector Rhodes was wooed over from Brooklyn
where he had lived all his life, to Queens and
rattled around until he resigned in disgust.
Then Kane and Drnuhan were both made in-
spectora quickly and the thing Was over

Except asto Capt Allaire. He made trouble,
asserting that theexamination in this case was
infair, that other physicans, including Dr A A
Smith of Bellevueand physicians equally well
spown, didn't agree with Dr. Brown, and that
he was ft to bean inspector if he could do cap-

n's duty. He demanded a reéxamination,
board refused it, saying that its own sure
nhad not rejected him and that it had,
therefore, no jurisdiction. Allaire has now ate
ealedto the courts, Considering all which
fulherry street sees in Dr Brown's proposed
promotion as a Tammany protege, reward for
services done,
President York said yesterday that this was

The board simply thought Dr. Brown a

good man and would like his services. Dr.
Brow n, too, said the story was untrue. He had
spoken to Mr. Sexton about his appointment as
long aseight months ago. Mulberry street re-
ples to this that it is quite that long ago since
the Kane competition began, Dr. Brown says,
however, that he wanted to bea police surgeon
<> a8 to exploit the Bertillon system to the
uttermost. It has fallen into decay, he asserta,
and he wants it erected into a national system,
with New York aa headquarters. On the sub-
jectof Allaire, Dr. Brown said that his examina-
tion was fair, and that, anyhow, an inspector
had much harder work thanacaptain. Where-
at Mulberry street amiles. The tendency of in-
spectors is to corpulence.

 

 

 

 

not ao

WILLS OF TRE BROWN BROTHERS.

Disposition of the Estates of Harold and
John Nicholas Brown,

Newport, R. 1., May 22.--The wills of the late
Harold Brown and John Nicholas Brown, the
millionaire brothers, who died in New York re-
cently, were offered for probate this afternoon,
action on them to be taken on June 18. The
vilof John Nicholas Brown is dated Jan. 29,
\t, with a codicil on Nov. 24, 1899. It pro-
vides that $1,000,000 be held in trust by the

Rhod* Island Hospital Trust Company for his
widow, also $30,000 for the benefit of Ormond
Edwards Fitzgerald, and, failing issue, one-
haf to Harold Brown and one-half to his
sster, Mrs. W. Watts Sherman. The legacies
are Harold Brown, $200,000; Sophia A. Brown,
his sister $200,000; Sophia Augusta Brown, his
mother, $200,000; G. W. R, Matteson, $200,000;
Harriet L. Bucklin, $5,000. In addition to these
by codicil he gives $200,000 to his wife. The
following are the bequests: St. Johns Church,
Providence, $10,000; Redwood Library, Newport,
$3,000, $25,000, of which two-thirds is for the
benefit of domestic missions and one-third for
foreign missions: the Rhode Island Hospital,
$54,000, of which $4,000 is fora free bed. Butler
Hospital, $50,000, Brown University, $25,000, i
addition to his pladge of $25,000, Rhode Islan
Episcopal Convention, for the benefit of
Emanuel Church, Newport, $20,000; widows and
orphans of deceased Rhode Island Episcopal
clergymen, $50,000; ¥.M. C. A. of Providence,
$5,000 Newport Hospital, $8,000; $150,000 for the
purchase of land and the erection of a. building
forthe Providence Free Library and $500,000
for the endowment of the library,

The willof Harold Brown is dated Oct. 16,
180, id contains the following legacies: To
hiswidow, Georgiette Brown, $350,000 and box

the Metropolitan Opera House, New York;

Dastuond Fitzgerald, $25,000: in trust for 0. F:
Fitzgerald oO): DP. Updike, $25,000; G. W.
RK. Matteson, $5,000; Sybil kh, wife of J. Ellis
Hoffma the purchase of a personal orna-
ment 1,09. It contains the following be-
Guests: Rhode Island Hospital, $25,000; Newport
Hospital, $25,000; Brown University, $25,000;
pew and $1,800,
it be a free pew: Emanuel Church,
$25,000; St.Columba’a Church, Middle
1, $50,000; diocesan missions of Rhode
0.4"), domestic and foreign missions
United States of America, $100,000; in

'rust to his wifein her life his house and stable
in Newport

 

  

 

 

  
   
  

 

(race Church, Providence, his
provided

 

 

NICKEL GAME IN COURT.

This Particular Machine Cost Hirsch 8800
and His Bondsman 8800 More.

Slate Excise Commissioner Henry H. Lyman
hidan action on trial before Justice Truax of
the Supreme Court yesterday against Edward
Hirsch, proprietor of a saloon at 302 Grand
street, and tha American Surety Company to
recover $1,800, twice the fee for Hirsch's liquor
laxcertificate for 180, alleging that the bond
Was forfeited because Hirsch had permitted
gambling on the premises. The gambling was
fone by a nickel-in-the-slot machine

Special Agents of the Excise Department
Eran H. Lamphier and Edward McLear tes-
wea UMit on Oct 27 last they went into the

ind altogether put thirty-one nickels in
he last one drew a ten-cent prize
p ibe machine was produced in court by Royal
ih cott counsel Tor Cominissioner Lyman,
who exp ained something of its mysteries, The
Yudge and jury examined it with inter at
Hirsch's defence was that the machine was
ness on its own account, A man
‘d Swartz had called the day before the
edand had asked that the machine
1 the saloon until he called for it.
mitted Swartzto putit in a corner,
‘no turther heed, attending to his
1eaa
Bw arty iiled the day after the machine was
Pritisea ed to get it, sald the defendant
pre ee called asa witness The jury
“ 1a verdict fo t
toate Ueiecamror the full sum of $1,600

 

   

 

and gaye
Fegular buys

 

  

YALE JUNIOR SOCIETY ELECTIONS.

Men Taken Into Pai Upsilon, Alpha Deita Phi,
7eta Psi and Delta Kappa Upsilon.

New HAVEN, May 22

Night tt

the

It was junior society
: Yale campus to-night, members of
Present sophomore class being initiated for
ext year. Among the electors to
er Reginald (Vanderbilt and
Mason in Psi Upsilon; Simeon
idenin Alpha Delta Phi; Mason
Delta Kappa Epsilon

mem

   

Stolen 82,000 Spaniel Recovered.

Michae .

we : | MeDermitt, a cattleman, was held
ct an Jefferson Market court on the
thane Of stealing Daniel W, Evans's $2,000 fleld

  

the White Star steamship Georgic
‘y The dog had been found in the
‘! two other eattlemen. They are
‘nd the three will have a hearing

 

Cor
Doration Counsel McDermott Reappointed.

Maye ,
wa r Hoos of Jersey ( ity has reappointed
. : or Allan I, MeDermott Corporation
Attorna eed, John Wahl Queen Corporation
(he term is two years and the salary

WON)
Atos ivy” for the Counsel and $3,500 for the

 

|

 

M'KNIGHT'S

 

 

MRS. HORSEWHIP.

 

She Used It on Mr. Weitzenblam, Who, She
Had Been Told, Had Pulled Her Boy's Ears,
Mrs. Elizabeth McKnight, the wife of John

McKnight of Cherry lane, West New Brighton,

Staten Island, horsewhipped Sigmund Weitzen-

blum, a neighbor residing in Greenleaf avenue,

on Monday night, because of an alleged injua-
tice toherson, The rear yards of the two fam-
ilies}adjoin. Welitzenblum is a jeweller doing
business at 90 Nassau street, Manhattan, He
hasa wife and three children, and MeKnight

also has three children, Mrs, MeKnight refused
to say yesterday where or in what business her
busband was engaged. She said she went shop-
jing last Friday, andonher return was in-
Formed by ber cight-vear-old son James that

 

Weitzenblum had whipped him and pulled hi

ears, which she says were scratched and showec

finger marks. Afler that she tried to see Weit-
zenblum for an explanation, and determined
on Monday night that she would lie in wait for
him

She borrowed a horsewhip from a neighbor
and at 8 o'clock stationed herself near Weitzen-
blum's house. There she waited until midnight,
when he appeared) Then she asked him why
he had molested her son

“You can mind your own business,'’ Weitzen-
blumis alleged to have replied and with that
Mrs MeKnight pulled the nip from under her
coat and used it on him, The lash fell about his
head and fave

“Take that, take that,’ cried Mra. MeKnight,
as each blow fell. Weitzenblum at first resisted,
Mrs. McKnight says, but he soon beat a retreat
toward his gave with Mrs. McKnight after him,
dealing blows as she pursued According to
Mrs, McKnight Weitzenblum went into his
yardand from there dared the woman to enter
and continue the assault. Mra. McKnight says
that after threatening to have her arrested,
Weitzenblum went into his house.

Mrs. Weitzenblum was awaked by the commo-
tion and from the second-story window of her
house called ‘murder! help! police!” believing
that her husband was being waylaid by robbers.
Her shouts prought many of the neighbors to
the scene, Mrs. Weitzenblum said yesterday
that her husband might seek redress at law in
the matter. She said that they were Hebrews
and were constantly annoyed by the McKnight
boy, who she declared was the worst boy in the
neighborhood,

She denied that her husband had whipped the
McKnight boy, but had only warned him. She
declared that the assault upon her husband was
unwarranted
Mrs. McKnight said vesterday that her hus-
band wanted to help her with the job, but she
had refused his assistance.

 

COLONIZER MOON GOES TO SING SING,

The McGurk Bouncer Who Was Hired to Help
Beat Assemblyman Mazet.

Charles Moon, the bouncer at MeGurk's dive
whoundertook the colonization of the Nine-
teenth Assembly district inorder tohelp beat
Mazet and elect Perez M. Stewart, the Citizens’
Union-Tammany combination candidate for

Assemblyman, was brought before Judge Cow-
ing in General Sessions yesterday and upon |
pleading guilty to two indictments eharging
election frauds was sentenced to two years and
five months’ imprisonment, After election and

upon theconvening of a SpecialGrand Jury, |:

Moon was induced to make a confession
Information furnished by him served to con-
viet two men named Hart and (Sullivan, and
they are now serving terms of five and two and |
a half years respectively, Moon disappeared |
before the day set for his trial, He was cap- |
tured on Saturday in Downington, Pa. The
two indictments against him charged him with |
inducing Frank Hart and Harvey Gardner to
attempt to register falsely inthe second election |
district of the Nineteenth Assembly district
Deputy Attorney General Hedges told Judea
Cowing that Moon had given the State great
assistance in prosecuting election offenders and
peoommended that he be sentenced on one in-
dictment only. Sentence was accordingly sua-
pended on one indictment. Supt. MeCullagch
said that Moon was mentioned in his report to
the Governor as the man who was hired to colo-
nize the Assembly district to beat Mazet. Hae
was unable to say whether he had evidence
aufficient to convict any one for employing
Moon.

 

CHICAGO JEWS TO HELP BOFRS.

Wife of Dr. Isaac Friedman Asks the Police

to Help Keep Her Husband Home.

Carcaco, May 22--The wife of Dr. Isaao
Friedman of 3586 Rhodes avenue asked
advice at the Stanton avenue police station as
to what steps to take to prevent her
husband from joining an expedition fornied
by Chicago Jews to help the Boers in the field
Dr. Friedman ia well known among the
orthodox Jews of (Chicago, a member
of the advisory staff of the Cook county
hospital, and has taken for several years past
an active part in aiding the police to relieve
suffering among the poor Mrs Friedman
said the doctor secured a commission with a
provisional regiment during the Spanish-
American War and was disappointed because
it was not called out for service Since
the outbreak of the Boer struggle he has been
an ardent partisanof the Boers and now that
the situation is growing desperate for the!
efensive army, has announced his determina- |
tion. she said, to castin his fortunes with tha |
burghers. A meeting of those Jews intending
to join the proposed expedition was held on
Saturday. Mrs. Friedman said she believed
fifty men would leave Chicago {n the party
“Were the Boers wealthy and powerful,’ said
Dr. Friedman to-night, “we wouldn't think of
joining them, but they are weak and poorand
need help. The waris by no means at an end
yet.”

 

TWO LIVES FOR ONE, ‘

Foster Kills His Brother's Marderer and the
Marderer’s Brother Also,

Cotrmata, 8. C., May 22.-As the result of a
feud of several years Johnand Sam Cooper

were shot and killed lust night near Leesville by
Paul Foster. Some years ago a brother of Fos-
ter was killed by John Cooper and was never
punished, Paul swore that he would kill some
os pat family. Last night he succeeded and
fle

Clothing Stocks Burned Upin Broadway Fire,
The four-story building at 684 Broadway
caught fire last night at about 10 o'clock. The
flames spread rapidly and before the eneines
could reach the building about $25,000 damage
had been done to the clothing shops init and
the stocks of clothing they contained. The
crowd that gathered to look at the fire was
soaked to the skin several times by the bursting
of hose

 

CHAPPED OR CRACKED

SKIN SOAP

Made from the fresh green leaves
of the Tasmanian Blue Cum Tree.

It contains none of the drying and caustic
alkalies used in making other soaps.

A PERFECT SKIN PURIFIER.

Sold by all druggists or sent by mall. Price 26c,
. , THE k T. ROOTH Xo , Ithaca, N.Y.

  

 

Dr. Lyon's

Tooth Powder

Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.

SS

 

_RADANS

Wanted —a case of bad health that R-l-P A-N-S wit
not benefit, One gives relief, No matter what's the
matter one will do you good. A cure may result if
directions are followed. They banish palin, induce
sleep, penong, life, Sold at all drug stores, ten for
five cents. e¢ sure to get the genuine. Don't be
fooled by substitutes, ‘Ten samples anda thousand j
testimonials will be mailed to any address for Scents |
forwarded to the Ripans Chem. Co. 10 Spruce, N.Y |

CARPET CLEANSING

|
|

tin the World. Every detail. |
Maree THOS. J. STEWART CO. |

 

 

80 years’ experience

554 way, New York.
s ene Ltte and Sth Sta,, Jersey city.
BTORAGFE WAREHOUSE AND MOVING VAN8,

Telephone. send for iuteresting cicculas,

 

| Frank B

| Visitors looked at the
| gallery and saw someo

TAYLOR IN INDIANAPOLIS,

KENTUCKY'S FORMER GOVERNOR SAYs
HIS STAY WILL BE INDEFINITE,

Shadowed by Detectives Hired by Enemies
and by Friends-Both Sides Fear Kidnap-
ping—Mount’s Reason for Refusing to
Honor Requisitions Is to Avold Bloodshed,

INDIANAPOLIS, May 22, Former Gov. Taylor
of Kentucky reached here at midnight last
night and left the train south of the Union
station. He went to a hotel without being
observed and his presence was not known till
he had been inthe city for several hours,
He admitted to-day that be was very much
disappointed over the United States Supreme
Court decision regarding the Kentucky Goy-
ernorship and said that he would remain here
indefinitely He added that he did not know
whether he had been indicted in Kentucky. He
said that he had tried to ascertain the facts at
the Court House in Frankfort, but the officials
had refused to give any information. He said
that he expected to remain in this city or go to
some quiet re-ortin the State and stay there
till the National Republican Convention,
Meantime he is simply waiting for develop.
ments. When asked if he would be a candidate
for Governor of Kentucky again he said he
did not know, because that was too far in the
future to be discussed now.

As soon as the presence of Mr, Taylor was
known a detective was detailed to shadow him,
andhe and ex-Secretary of State Finley have

heen under theeyes of officers all day. They
met the detectives face to face to-day and atthe
requestof Mr. Finley the four took cigars to-
getier Gov. Taylor does not fear that he will
be arrested, but is somewhat apprehensive that
an attempt may be made to kionap him
and Finley and take them forcibly back
to Kentucky. There are Kentucky detectives
in the city, but they say they are
simply keeping an eye on the two men as they
believe thatGov Mount will eventually honor
requisitions for their return to Kentucky and
that kidnapping is not thought of They said
as much to Goy. Taylor and Mr. Finley to-day,
but the latter are on their guard and both make
no pretence of concealing the fact that they are
armed and prepared for such an emergency

The action of Gov. Mount in refusing to honor
the requisition of Finley's arrest has created a
good deal of comment here and there is abelief,
in consideration of the United States law on the
subject, that he made a mistake Refore leave
ing for Fort Wayne last niaht the Governor
authorized his private secretary to make the
statement to-day that his refusal to honor the
requisition Was based on the belief that, “owing
to the inflamed state of public opinion in Ken-
tucky, especially among professional politicians,
whoare vehemently threatening vengeance, a
travedy would have swiftly followed with Fine
ley as the vietim.”

The statement further says that everybody
realizes that thisunfortunate condition of affairs
now exists in Kentueky, and Gov Mount felt
that if he should consent to Finley's forced
return underthese circumstances it would be
atthe risk of at§ least life, and perhaps
any Therefore, after due consideration and
with the consmentious conviction thatit was a
bounden duty he owed to God and to mankind,
he denied the application for Finley's extradi-
tior

 

 

 

 

Tom Campbell! of Cincinnati, attorney
for the Goehels, arrived here to-day to see Gov,
Mount, butthe Governor was out of the city
and will notreturn till Friday. An effort will
be made at that time to induce him to honor
the Beckham requisition for Finley

IN CHARGE,

 

BECKHAM MEN

Repablicans Leaving Offices tn Kentacky
Colller May Ran for Governor,
Fraxkrort, Ky., May 22. — Gen. Collier
turned over to Gen. Castleman to-day the
military property of the State of Kentucky,
held by the Taylor administration Commis-
sioner of Agriculture Throckmorton to-day
turned over his oflece to Commissioner Nall.
The other Republican officers are preparing to
turnover their respective offices. Mrs. J.C.
W. Beckham, mother of the young Governor,
will occupy the Executive Mansion. Mra.
Taylor and six small daughters left this morne

ing for Louisville,

The Beekham soldiers have been ordered
home. Thearreatof John L. Powers in Knox
county and the motion for a writ of habeas
corpus nroceedings at Barbourville to-day were
followed by a request for troops to Gov. Beck-

him, as local authorities reported that there
were threats of releasing Powers

No further efforts wiil probably be made to
secure thearrest of Finley and Taylor. Move-
menta are on foot to secure the arrest of Berry
Howard, Green Golden and others indicted but
not yet arrested The military stores at Lon-
don, removed after the larz. force was sent
home and the “Peace Conterence” had ad-
journed, have been ordered removed here. The
State institutions were to-day turned over to
the Beekhain appointees, so far as the appoint-
ments have been made

Gen.) R Collier is being urged as the Ra-
publican candidate for Governor to oppose

A

Gov. Beckham who seems the unanimonschoice |

of the Democratic leaders. Collier is backed
by ex-Gov. Bradley and the party leaders. He
will probably have the support. of ex-Govy,

favlor who has given his friends here to un-
derstand that he only wants a formal resolution
of indorsement

LovisvitLe, Ky, May 22.-Cant. John IL.
Powers, whois charged with being one of the
accessories to the murder of Goebel, and whose
whereabouts have been unknown since a war-
rant for his arrest was issued, was captured
just before daylight near Bryant's stere, near
Barbourville. Powers had heard of the deci-
sion of the Federal Supreme Court, it is sup.
posed, and with his brother-in-law Haze Green,
was going to Woodbine, where he hoped he
could make his escape

Before the officers, with their prisoner, could
eateha train for Franktort they were served
with a writ of habeas corpus

John L. Powers was released late to-day on
awrit of habeas corpus at Barbourville. The
pardon granted him by Taylor was recognized
Gov. Beckham will take steps to capture him

  

SALE OF HAWAII'S SUGAR CROP,

Contract With the Trost Expires This Year
~Plantations Combine to Get Good Terms.

HONOLULU, May 15, via San Francisco, May
22 An effort is being made to secure a con-
tract for the sale of the !sland’s sugar crop for
the next three or five years. The contract of
the Hawaiian planters with the Sugar Trust ex-
pires on Sept. 30 next. That contract was
made when the trust was fighting for life. It
called for the entire crop of the islands delivered
at San Francisco or at Atlantic ports desig-
nated. ‘The price for Atlantic seaboard
shipments was the New York price of sugar on

the day the vessel arrived, less one-tenth per
hundred. The San Francisco pri was the
New York price less three-eighths of a cent per
pound. Payment in all cases was to be made
on the day after the arrivalof the cargo. This
clause was valuable to the planters, as it gave
them ready money to pay expenses,

Since that contract was made many new
plantations have been developed and the yield
of old plantations has been greatly increased,
The agents of all the plantations have agreed
to stend together and to secure the best terms
possilue. If the trust refuses to renew the con-
tract then the agents will deal with any other
corporation that offers good terms. In case no
contract can be secured, it is understood the
principal plantations propose to put up ma-
chinery for refining the corn sugar. A new

yrocess has been perfected by which sugar can
be refined on the plantation with only a small
outlay necessary for machinery

 

Julius Adams's Will Admitted for Probate,

Boston, May 22. In the Probate Court to-
day Judge Grant allowed for probate the will
of Julius Adams, the man who built the South
Joston street railway and who by his real ea-
tate transactions and operations as a con-
tractor amassed a fortune of $600,000. Mr.
Adams died in last December. He left $25,000
outright to the Carney Hospital and one-fourth
of the residue of the estate, under certain con-
tingencies, which are somewhat remote, the
hospital may receive the remaining three-
quarters of the residue Future generations
are better provided for under the provisions of
the will than relatives now living and this in-

| duead them to contest the probate of the in-

strument

City History Club Visits Mulberry Street.

About fifty members of the City History Club
visiled Police Headquarters last evening. The
club had been listening to a lecture by Dr.
Kelly of the New York Historical
Society on the Police and Charities depart-
taents of the City Government, and after the
lecture went down to Mulberry street. The
ictures in the rogues’
the Detective Bureau's
collection of weapons taken from criminals.

New York Arrivals in Newport.
Newport, R. 1, May 22. The following New
Yorkers arrived at Newport to-day: Mrs. Wil-
liam Post, Miss Daisy Post, William K. Vander-
bilt, Jr, Arthur Kemp, Mrs. Charles M. Oel-
richs, and Atherton Blight.
A Great Sale of Under Maslins at O'Neill's,

They are selling (housands of bright Clean Gar-
ments daily at prices that would astonish if you saw
them. There is still a choice selectiun 6th Ave.
20th to 2186 St~Ade,

 

—

 
   

yr Wee Rahs

 

 

 

Royal makes the lightest, sweetest, finest-
flavored, most delicious and wholesome food.

Many low-priced, imitation baking powders are upon the maf

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM 8T., NEW YORK,

 

TRIED TO POISON A BABY,

AMMONIA AND BENZINE ADDED TO
THE CHILDS MEDICINE.

 

 

Doctors Belleve That None bat a Degenerate
Could Attempt So Fiendish ai @rime
~Polson Added; to Separate Prescriptions.

Peata Ampoy, N. J., May 22.-The
to poison the vear-old baby of Mrs

Levine of this city, whieh, it is believed, was

made last Thursday, has furnished the poliee

authorities here with
of the doctors that the

ittempt

Bessie

and the health a mys-

tery It is the theory
guilty person will prove to be a degenerate
Two persons are now undersuspicion, on one
of whom, the doctors and the police believe,
the crime can be fastened. Mrs. Levine, the
mother of the child, lives in State street, She
{s a widow and has three other children
her hushand was drowned 4 year ago she has
kept a crockery store in State street, a block
from where she lives, Her baby is a year and
six werks old. It was on Thursday
morning that the haby, according
to Mrs. Levine's story, began to vomit. Dr,
Tyrrel, who was consulted, decided that nothing
serious was the matter with the child and gave
Mrs. Levine a prescription which called for
cerri oxilias and lime water. This was to be
given every hour. Several hours later Mrs,
Levine called on Dr. J. G. Wilson. To Dr. Wil-
son she told the same story of the baby’s illness
and said she was unable to stop the child's
vomiting. She did not mention her previous
visittoDr. Tyrrel’s or the prescriptionshe had
received, so Dr. Wilson decided that bismuth
and pepsin would probably relieve the child and
wrote out such a prescription, Mre, Levine
wentaway, but inan hour she was back ina state
of great agitation, The baby, she said, was
much worse, and was vomiting blood. Dr. Wil-
son went to the house and found that the baby's
mouth was swollen and bleeding andthat the
vomiting was getting worse, He called for the
medicine he had prescribed. It was handed to
him and he saw that a there was a quanuty of
benzine on top of the medicine in the bottle,
When he questioned the mother and her two
daughters he learned of Mrs. Levine's visit at
the other doctor's house and the medicine she
had got there. When he examined the little
which remained of the medicine he detected the
odor of ammonia. The mother said she had no
ammonia in the place and the girls said so, too
Dr. Wilson made a search of the place but could
not find any. He did, however, find a can of
benzine, after the girls had stoutly asserted that
there was none i” the house,

Dr. Wilson called in Dr. W. E. Ramsay, the
Health Inspector, who questioned Mrs. Levine
and learned that Mary, the younger daughter,
had gone for Dr. Tyrrel’s prescription which
had been put up at Seaman's drug store. Annie
the elder had got the other one, but both the
girls denied administering any medicine.
When Dr. Ramsay made a search of the house
he discovered in an alcove on the stairs lead-
Ing to the Levines’ apartments a bottle con-
taining a washing fluid made of liquid pot-
ash and ammonia The liquid felt soapy when
rubbed between the fingers and so did the
stuff which had been given the baby. ;

Dr. Ramsay, Dr. Wilson and Dr. Tyrrel think
that a deliberate attempt was made to kill
the baby and that the ammonia and benzine
had heen added after the prescriptions had
heen filled. Dr. Wilson, it is believed, arrived

Don’t be

Sineea

 

 

The cipher takes old-fashioned medicines,

because his great-grandmother did. He pre-
fers to pay $2.00 for a physician's preacrip-
tionrather than 25cents fora remedy of ad-
vanced acience that will cure him

MUNYON,

The world is filled with men who are
nothing but ciphers. They are nonentities;
they give nothing and nothing can be taken
from them. In themselves they are noth-
ing. The Cipher will suffer for years with
the pains of rheumatism, rather than in-
vest 25 cents in Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure, which relieves all rheumatic pains in
a few hours, and generally cures before one
vial has been u If the Cipher has kid-
ney trouble, he will spend hundreds of aol-
lars seeking the fabulous waters of some
distant country, pay high hotel bills, and
come back in a wooden box, rather than go
to the nearest drug store and secure a 25
cent bottle of Munyon’s Kidney Cure, which
will absolutely cure him. If the Cipher has
dyspepsia he will endure all its pangs,
rather than be convinced that Munyon’s
Dyspepsia Cure will cure him. If the Cipher
has a cold, even a slight one, he hurries to
the family Physician, pays two dollars for a
prescription, stays in the house for a week
and thinks he has had a narrow escape
from death. For a few pennies he could
secure Munyon’s Cold Cure which would
quickly cure his cold in a few hours, but
youcould not make him believe that-he
won't.

Fach of the Munyon's Remedies isa positive Cure
for one particular disease they are not “eure alls.”
Any drug store selis them; mostly at 25cenis. If

our case puzzies youand you feel that you would
Nice to have the advice of a skiliful physician, call
upon Munyon’'s Doctors, and have the benefit of their
wideexperience. WI) cost you nothing; no fee is
asked; none received

MUNYON’S DOCTORS ARE FREE,

907 BROADWAY (Cor, 20th St.)

 

|

|

|
|
|
|

just in time to frustrate the attempted mur-
der, as he was able to conteract the effect of
the two poisons. Until vesterday the baby
Was not expected to live. Now he is believed
fo be recovering.

As soon as the police were informed of the
case vesterday they placed the entire family
under surveillance Chief Burke thought
that within a few days an arrest might be made

which might clear up the ease, but he was
not very sure of it, His men, he said, had
hot even found a motive lhe haby was) not
| insured and seemed to be cherished by both

sisters,

Dr. Ramsay said: “Ll am thoroughly con-
vineed that there is a degenerate in the case,
for no one else could try to take a babw's life
in such a way We are positive the druggists
made no mistake. They are both chemists
of good standing and have always heen noted
for their carefulness The attempt to kill
the child, T believe, was made by a member
of the family. Which one as yet we are un-
prepared to say."

Mr. Levine denounces the doctors as being
in league with the druggists to clear them
of blame. The danghters, one of whom is
21 and the other 16, stoutly maintain they
handed the medicine to their mother as they
had got it at the drug store.

PLAG UPPERMOST FOR THESE BOYS

 

Seniors and Juniorsin a School Leave Rather
Than Submit to Peace Ideas.

PHILADELPHIA, May 22.--The trouble at the
Tsaiah V. Williamson Free Trade School at Media,

caused by the discharge of Lieut. Robert Craw-
ford, U. 8. N., by President Shrigley, because
he taught the boys to be patriotic and to love
the Stars and Stripes, culminated to-day in
the determination of seventy-six boys, come
oKing the entire senior and junior classes, to
have the school. They announced their_in-
tention to the President, He made no effort
to stop them and late {n the afternoon they left,

President Shrigley is a member of the Peace
Society and thinks that to have a flag tlying
in time of war is an indorsement of the war, that
to drill the boys and talk to them on military
matters and to allow them to have a band
inculeates a warlike spirit. Consequently he
made them haul down the flag, stopped the
drills and took the instruments away from
the members of the band The school was
established by the will of the late Isaiah V.Wil-

liamson, whose Intention was that poor boys |

should be instructed in useful trades and for
that purpose he left $1,500,000 to it.

 

OBITUARY.

The Rev. Dr. A. J. F. Behrends, pastor of
the Central Congregational Church in Brooklyn,
died vesterday at his home, 96 Brooklyn avenue
of Bright's disease. Dr. Behrends participated
in the recent Ecumenical Conference on Foreign
Missions and took a deep interest in the sessions

He made anotable address a few days before |

the close of the Conference, in which he ad-
vocated the placing of all creeds and theolog-
ieal millinery in a bonfire. He was in his
sixty-first year, having been born at Nymwegen,
Holland, on Dee. 18, 1889. He came to this
country. with his parents when two years old,
In 1862 he graduated from Denison University.
Ohio, and three years later from Rochester
Theological Seminary. Soon after his gradua-
tion from the senunary he was ordained pastor
of the Baptist Church at Yonkers, N. Y., where
he remained until 1875, when he accepted a call
to the First Baptist Churehin Cleveland, Ohio
In this year Rk Eon College conferred upon
him the degree of Doctor of — Divinity
and later a_ Similar degree owas con-
ferred by Yale University. {n 1876 Dr. Behrends
resigned from the Cleveland chureh and also re-
tired from the Baptist denomination. In 1877
he became pastor of the Union Congregational
Chureh in Providence, R. 1, and early in the
year 1883 he came to Brooklyn as pastor of the
Central Church, as the suecessor of the Rey. Dr
Henry M. Seudder. Dr. Behrends served for
several years as Chaplain of the Thirteenth
Regiment. During the big trolley strike. in
1895 he made a strong address from the pulpit
advocating stern military measures to suppress
violence. Hits widow, two daughters, two
sons and a stepson survive him

Former United States Senator Nathaniel P,
Hill died yesterday at his home in Denver, Col,
after a long illness, of cancer of the stomach.
He was born in Orange county, N.Y, in 1832,
and after a course in Brown University became
professor of chemistry there. He «gained a
wide reputation as a chemist, and in 186+ was
engaged by Boston capitalists to make an ax-
amination of the Gilpin land «rant in Colorado,
He became interested in the economical treat-
ment of Colorado ores, and after an inspeetion
of the smelters at Swansea, Wales, he organ-
izedthe Boston and Colorado Smelting Come
any. When he died he was the owner of the
3oston and Colorado, best known as the Argo
smelter, the chief owner of the oil tlelds at Flor-
ence,controlled by the United Oil Company ,and
the chief owner of the Denver Republican.
Resides these he had large interests in Montana
He amassed a large fortune. Mr. Hill's polit-
jeal career began in 1878, when he was browglit
out as a Republican candidate for United States
Senator. He was successful and served six
years. He was defeated for reelection. When
{n the Senate Mr. Hill was an earnest advocate of
the free coinage of silver and the firm advocate
of the postal telegraph. During the administra-
tion of President Harrison Senator Hill was
namedas one of the International Monetary
Commission. Senator Hill leaves a wife and
three children, Crawford Hill, Mrs. Charles B,
Berger and Miss Isabel Hill

Damon Y. Clark, one of the veteran stage
coach drivers of New Hampshire, died at his
home in Littleton, N. H.. on Monday, aged 73
years. He began his career of stage pilot
at the age of 17 years, when Littleton’s near-
est railroad neighbor was Lowell, Mass. He
drove this route for several years and then
piloted the stage on other lines leading — to
points in the interior of the State. For ten
years he took the six-horse coach between
Littleton and Plymouth, through Fraconia
Notch, a journey forty-two miles each way
with a change of horses at the Profile House
the old Flhime House, Thornton and Plymouth
The next seven years Mr. Clark was found on
the box of the coach that travelled from the
Crawford House to the old Glen House, Four
years were spent in driving from the Profile

{ouse to Bethlehem and from the Profile to the |

Crawfords. After this he drove for nine years
from Littleton to the Profile House, but the
advent of the railroad caused him to give up
his vocation, although he drove a tallyhe
for pleasure parties several years after

George Lockwood died of apoplexy on Sun-
day at his home, 328 West Fifty-seventh street
He was a veteran of the Civil War, a member
of the National Institute of Accountants and
Wax Secretary and Preasurer of the Conmmittee
M Fifty as the outcome of whose work the
Fairchild “anti-snap” convention was called
at Svracuse wife, who survives him,
was Miss Sarah RK, Alexander of Baltimore
One daughter, Mrs D. Bo R. Chapman, also
survives him. A daughter who is dead was
the wife of the Rev. Bb. BE. Aitkin

George H. Stout of Atlantic Highlands,
N. J.. died on Monday afternoon in the Long
Branch Memorial Hospital, aged 73. after a
week's iliness. of Bright's disease, The funeral
will be from the Central Baptist Church at) At-
lantic Highlands at) 10.50 I to-morrow
morning. For many years a reporter
for New York newspaper

William Platt Wight, a prominent member of
the Colorade Springs Mining Stock Exchange,
dedin Colorado Springs yesterday of tuber-
culosis of the lungs. He was 30 vears old. Mr,
Wight was born in New York and lived here
until 1893, when he went West for his health. He
leaves a widow and nine-yoar-old daughter. In-
terment will occur on May 29 at Woodjawn
Cemetery.

 

 

 

ket.

These are made with alum, and care should be taken to

avoid them, as alum is a poison, never to be taken in the food

TRAILED THIEVES IN DISGUISE,

Cops Borrowed a Buggy, a Bike and a Baker's
Outht and Landed Their Men.

Detective Regan was roving about the Row-
ery at 30'clock yesterday morning when he fell
in with a party of five men whom he considered
suspicious. He was trailing them to keep an
eye on their doings, when they caught sight of
himand separated just as Detective Cohen
joined him. Each followed hia bunch, Regan
north, Cohen south

The latter had not gone verv far before he
realized that his men were up to his tricks, A
livery stable was close by. The door was open
and inside a horse was hitched toa buggy. He
jumped in and whipped up the beast. From
then on Cohen did his shadowing riding, and
most uncomfortably, Heis nota driver Luck-
ily his awkwardness gavethe men he wasafter

the impression that they were followed by
a drunken manand they made themselves
easy

Detective Peters turned up Devery's de-
tectives come inthe story. always when they
are wanted) Itisthetruefunetion of a story
to uphold the ideal, When the two on their
diverging routes found themselves piped off in

turn, they dived, Regan down to a basement |

bakery, whence he came up like a dusty miller

and groaning under a heavy basket of fresh |

bread, Peters into the Eldridge street station,
issuing forth mounted on a bike. So trans-
formed, they trailed on after their quarry
At the Bowery and Delancey atreet bike,
buggy and baker converged upon the five, re-
united, and followed them to 60'4 Delancey
street, where is an old curiosity shop which the
five forthwith proceeded to break into. While
they were at it, the army of their pursuers
rlosed in upon them. They tried to escape
but Regan knocked one down with a loaf ot
bread. Each of the others seized his man. Two
escaped, firing a shot as thevran. Plenty of
olicemen came after that, but the “light-
ouse district’ had swallowed up the fugitives.
In the Eldridge street station the three pris-
oners gave their names as Max Weiss of 97
Mangin street, Julius Lengel of Second street
and Avenue B, and Morris Silverman of 137
Goerck street They had jimmies and skeleton
keve They were arraigned at Police Head-
quarters later in the day, but they were new
faces there. In the Essex Market police court
they were held for trial for burglary.

JOHN LL. NOT AS PAINTED,

So Pleads a Saloon Keeper for Whom a Por-
trait Was Done.

EF. C. Danton, an artist of 9 Prospect place,
sued Thomas Allen, proprietor of a Broadway
sa oon, in the Yorkville Municipal Court yester-
day to recover $125 due for an oil painting of
John L. Sullivan. Sullivan is the manager of
the café. Allen has declined to pay for the pic-
ture because he says itis not a good likenesy

Sullivan was a_ witness. Justice Martin, as is
customary, asked his name

“Who, me?” responded the pugilist, looking
up in astonishment

“What is your name,
Justice

“John. Sullivan 's my name, ''said the witness,
recovering somewhat. He said he called with
Alien on the painter on Faster morning to in-
spect the painting, “As we went in I saw the
painter running away asif the house was on fire,
When | got upstairs the kid there said that his
father was downstairs and would not meet me.
1} guess he was afraid I'd eat him. I
Jooked at the picture in the studio and it was
bum.”

“Look at the painting now and say if itisa
good likeness of you?" counsel for the de-
fendant asked

“Now, this witness has not qualified as an
expert on paintings ‘said the Justice

“That isa little bit outof his line,” admitted
the defendant's lawyer

Sullivan said he bad never sat for a painting,
though he had no objection to doingso. He
was then allowed to stepdown, The Justice re-
served decision.

sir?’ repeated the

 

CAVALRY TROOP IN MOUNT VERNON,

Dr. Brash Flected Captain-He Pays for
Equipments and Uniforms,

Mounr Vervon, N. Y., Muy 22.--A troop of
Westchester county cavalry ts being organized
in this city. Forty men have already enlisted,
Of this number at least thirty are veterans of
either the Civil or Spanish-American War. Dr.

Edward F. Brush, a former Mayor of Mount
Vernon, has been elected Captain.
night gave the members authority to purchase

allof their equipment and a fine outfit of upi- |

forms at his expense

This is the first attempt to organize a troop of }

eavalry in Westchester county since Gov. Cor-
nell in 1882 disbanded the old Eagle Troop,
witeh for many years had been one of the
erack organizations of the State

New Brooklyn School Commissioner,

May Van Wyck has appointed John W. Hutt
School Commissioner for th# borough of Brook-

lyn tosuceeed Herman A.D. Hollman, who re-
signed to become Auditor in the Finance De=
partment.

Detective Regan had found his men seatter- |
ing at Delancey street, butin the nick of time !

Dr. Brush to- |

  
 

SUIT. ,

 

Mrs. Roome Says the Code Exempts Ber Seg
and She Wants Damages.

Mrs, Madelaine 8. Roome, a real estate dealer
of 68 East Forty-ninth street, who has been im
Ludlow Street Jail since Friday as the result of
an order issued by County Judge Stephens of
Riehmond county in asuit brought by James
| W. Hughes of 47 Broadway to recover $1,003,
will appeal from the order of the County Judge,
| She bases her hope of getting out on a pros
| vision of section 553 of the Code of Civi! Pros
cedure by which women are exempted fro)
arrest in civil actions, except for contempt an
ina certain class of cases specifie
| Mrs. Roome made a specialty of dealing in
; suburban home lots, principally on. Staten
Island Asan agent for Hughes & Ross she
has sold $28,000 worth of land for Hughes at
Oakwood The complaint against her says that
she has withheld $1,003. She makes a ccunter
| claim that $3,000 is still due her as commission,
T. CT. Crain, counsel for Mrs. Roome, said

| yesterday

“The arrest is illegal and we will prove it
without the slightest diMculty at the next term
of the Appellate Division. It is illegal simply
because she is a woman, regardiess of the
meritsof th suit torecover money. Of course
we will fi@hi the suit also.”

It was also said at Mr. Crain's office that Mra,
Roome would sue for false imprisonment

When a reporter called at Ludlow Street Jail
yesterday to see Mrs, Roome she sent word 4
| the keeper thai she was “not only out, but b

not been there at all.”

-BEST&CO
yeas

Shirt Waists

with
Sailor Collars.

These little waists are made
with the correctness of cut and
perfection of finish, to which, as
specialists in the outfitting of
children, we give particular at-
tention. Dainty, cool and com-
fortable, many mothers prefer
them to the shirt waists with stiff
laundered collars and cuffs.

 

Made of pink and blue Chambray end
Ginghams, with white collars and cuffs. Also
of White Linen, trimmed with bands of red
or blue; and of Colored Linen with pique
collars and cuffs, trimmed with bands of
the same color as waist. Some tin Russian
Blouse effects. Sizes 6 to 10 years. Prices

$1.00, $1.45 and $1.75.
60-62 West 23d St.
‘It Is a Satisfaction

to Know
that pee are drinking
straight goods; you will
be benefited, no danger
of D. T., as might be

the case with mongrel
whiskies. Drink

OLD
CROW
RYE

and you will be safe.

H. 8. KIRK & CO., Sole Battlers WY.

 

  
  

LO

MEGS TERED

     

 

 

strictly
long as
rate as

of rich

 
 
   
   
 
  

 
   
 
  
 
   

S.

Mh W BAUMEWICK

     
 

$0 CENTS

  

these good livers, therefore, we can

 

Johnson's Digestive Tablets

FOR DYSPEPSIA AND INDIGESTION.

For Lodge Suppers
and High Livers.

suppers,

Johnson's Tablets appears especially power-
ful as a digestant of just such food. Cro-

& << quettes,
ee upon by

case with that intractable delicacy, lobster.
Lobster in any form is digested with remark-
ably rapidity.
have been taken together, and the result is
a hard compact mass of casein, these tablets
will disintegrate it in a very short time. To

food if they slipa few of these tablets into the vest pocket before setting
out for the ‘lodge,’ and swallow them as soon they finish eati

   

“There is another use
of Johnson's Tablets,
that, though not
physiological, will still be of value as
human nature continues as degene-
at present. Men will attend lodge
wine parties, etc., where all sorts
foods are taken, The Papoid in

 
       
       
       
     
   
    

salads, game, are powerfully acted
this agent. Especially is this the

 
  

Even when lobster and milk

 
    
 

allow an indulgence in their favorite

 
   
    

ng.”
~— Fatract from Medica! Journal.

 
 
 

¢ iyyee?