SR

7 ne) See Oe a are ES EE

vee
ee .

<> emia

Sear RT sn

SEER

 

,
¢

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

  

WIT,

 

suseseseee - oe ed
————--

WEDNESDAY, MAY 28, 1900
———————— cron raed

Bubecriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month 80 50
DAILY, per Year 600
GUNDAY, per Year Sense honreneneneen 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY. per Year #00
DAILY AND SUNDAY. per Month 70

Powtage to foreign countries added
THe SUN, New York City

PARtS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioeque No. 10, Boulevard des Capuctnes.

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

 

As to the Direct Election of Senators.

The Montana incident is no more a con-
elusive argument for the election of United
States Senators by the people than the |
counting-in of Hayes in 1876 was conclusive |
for the abandonment of the electoral sys-
tem provided by the Constitution,

It fs a somewhat singular coincidence
that one of the clearest and moet compre-
hensive statements of the objections to the
popular vote for Senators ever delivered in
Congress was contributed by the Hon.
Wiiuiam FE. CHANDLER, now chairman of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
which has pronounced the election of Mr.
CuABK by the Montana Legislature null and
vold because of bribery

Mr. CHANDLER'S exposition of the sub-
ject eight years ago was tinged with del-
feate sarcasm, jist enough to render it a)
characteristic product of his alert and dis-
cerning mind; but that circumstance de-
tracted not in the least from the cogency of
his reasoning or the gravity of his conclu-
sions, He was addressing Democrats who
were then clamoring for an amendment to
the Constitution requiring the election of |
Senators by a direct vote of the people He
asked those Democrats to contemplate the |
consequences of such an amendment |

In the first place, the extension of the |
system of popular elections to the choice of
Senators was sure to lead to the taking pos-
session of Pederal elections in the States by
Federal officials, appointed by the Federal |
Government; that is to say, to the central-
{zation at Washineton of the electoral ma-
chinery, 1 result dreaded and abhorred by
all true Democrata and resisted by therm
with uncommon vigor in of the
several so-called Force bills that have been
proposed

For Democrata to advocate to-day the
election of Senators by direct vote of the
people, and to-morrow, perhaps, the elec-
tion of Presidents and Vice-Presidants by
popular vote, is for them to invoke Congress
to enact a national election law, to apply to
all the States, and to take complete possession
of the electoral machinery therein. Tow does |
this proposition strike the imagination of |
the Jeffersonians, charged, as they helieve
themselves to be, with the special duty of
safeguarding State rights against Federal
encroachment?

Then Mr. CHANDLER proceeded to discuss
the alleged danger of the election of mil-

the cause

 

 

| France. Now, it is almost certain that,
unless England forbade it, France would
place her fleet at the Czar’s disposal. Eng-
Jand will issue no auch injunction, so long
as she is occupied in subduing the Boer re-
publics, and France would not obey it if
she did. When, however, the subjugation
of the Tranavaal is completed, England's
strength will be generally recognized as

greater than it haa been at any other time |

since the close of the Peninsula War. She
may then count upon securing deference to
her announcement that she could not
view with indifference the attempt of any
European Power to assist Russia against
Japan in any way

The moment the war in South Africa is
over ft will be for Japan's interest to enter
forthwith upon the contest with Russia
which, in no event, can be long postponed,
Just now, as we lately pointed out, Japan's
naval power in the Far East is somewhat
superior to Russia's, but the disproportion
will not long continue, for Russia's fleet is
growing faster than Japan's, and large reén-
forcements are being hurried to the Pacifte,
If Japan could fight this year, she would
have a great advantage in respect to
docking facilities and of coal, for the
new docks, now in course of construc-
tion at Port Arthur, can hardly be
finished for a twelvemonth, and for coal
Russia must depend exclusively on the
supplies forwarded to her naval stations
from Europe. Japan, on the other hand,
has half a dozen dock yards and coal mines
which yield a combustible, inferior in
quality, it {9 true, to the Welsh product,
but unlimited fn quantity. It 1s also to be
borne tn mind that the instant the war
breaks out, Russia will be unable to re-
enforce her squadrons tn the Pacifle, be-

 

| cause she will no longer be permitted to use

the British coaling stations on the routes
thither. Her battleships would have to
turn back, as didthose of Spain which were
on their way to the Philippines,

The Japanese undoubtedly believe that
they can beat the Russians, if they can fight
this summer, and ff, with England's help,
they can compel France to remain nentral
Should their expectation be fulfilled, Rus-
sia’s sonthward expansion would prob-
ably be deferred for many years, for the
Japanese would not be content with the
acquisition of Korea, but would reassert
their title to the Liao-Tung Peninsula, which
they won from China, but of which Russia
deprived them.

Marriage and Divorce.

A clergyman of the High Church or
“Catholic” party of the Episcopal Church
expresses the hope, in a letter printed in
another column of this paper, that
time is not fardistant '’ when people desir-
ing religious marriage “ will becompelled to
bring to the Christian priest a certificate of
marriage already legalized by a Justice of
the Peace.’ Vhis agrees with the opinion |
we have expressed on the subject, that fs,

should be legal

So far as religion is concerned, however,
our correspondent holds to the sacramental
view of marriage, though ft is expressly re-
jected by his Church, both in England and
this country. The XXVth of the Thirty-
nine Articles of the Church of England,

 

liqnaires to the Senate inherent in the pres-
ent method by choice by the Legislatures,
We quote part of his remarks as of partion-
lar interest now

“But, Mr. Presider that the people
of the United States have hitherto suffered because
rich men have found thelr way tito

t, 1 do not belleve

this body who
|

would not have come here if Senators had been elected
by the people, which is. of Tse, the issue now made
Have no miliionatres elected Governors of
States? Have there beer more rich Senators elected
to this body than have been elected Governors? |
The Governors are clive) by the people Ihey |
are chosen precise the three Senators |
(who had mad> speeches in favor of the amend. |
ment) say the l'nitel! States Senators should |
be chosen. and yet 1d) not think that complaint |
has been made that millionaires have tmproperly
taken possession of tt Governorships; and if
they have so taken possession of the Governor
ships, they are Just as Whely and Just as sure
to take possession of Senatorships under a sys
tem of popular elections as they are under a system

where the Legislatures choose the Senators.”

Having thus exposed with subtle frony
the humbug of the restless cranks who be-
Neve that for every real or imaginary prac- |
tical evil, a change in the United States
Constitution isthe sure cure, Mr CHANDLER
declared that the way to deal with corrup-
tion in Senatorial was to deal
with tt directly and adequately, and not
by any such cowardly and partial method

hight vears later, inthe honest and fear-
leas exercise of hia duty, Mr. CHaNDLER has
put these principles into practice and to
proof
Privileges and Elections and therefore the
chief keeper of the doorway to the Senate,
he has dealt a heavier blow at bribery in
Senatorial elections than any Constitutional
amendment could deliver: and the Senate
and the country, including all honest
candidates for the United States Senate,
owe him gratitude,

elections

As chairman of the Committee on

Japan and England,

It cannot have eseaped observation that |
during the warin South Africa the Japan-
ese, alone among great peoples, have ex-
pressed a wish for the speedy success of the
British arms. The Mikado waa, we believe,
the only Sovereign who telegraphed to
Queen Victoria congratulations upon the ;
relief of Ladysmith, the vietory of Paarde-
berg, and the occupation of Bloemfontein, |
It must also have been noticed that since
the beginning of April, when the early
triumph of the English began to seem aas-
sured, almost the whole of Japan's Navy
has been mobilized, together with a con-
siderable part of her Army As to the
doings of the Japanese fleet, great secreey
has been observed, except the
British Commander-in-Chief on the China
atation having been invited to be present
It is understood, however, that the purpose |
of the naval manures in the Straita of |
Korea waa the blockade and eapture of a
squadron, supposed to represent the Rus-
sian fleet

There is. in fact,
anese regard a war bet ween themselves and
the Russians as inevitable; that, tn their
opinion, they have much to lose by delay
and that they will enter upon atrial of their |
strength, as soon England's hands are
left free by the subjugation of the Trans-
vaal. Why must Japan wait for the close
of the contest in South Africa?
while she may not need England's coopera- |
tion in order to hold her own against Russia |
in the Far hast, it is indispensable that |
England should e neutrality. upon
France and Germany It because |
Russia was backed by beth
Germany that Japan felt constrained to
surrender the territory acquired on the
Chinese mainland by the Treaty of Shimo-
noseki, and she knows that it would be
impossible for her to face a_ renewal
of that combination, or even to cope

no one

no doubt that the Jap-

 

as

Because, |

niorcee
was
Franee and

ae

adopted in this country also, thus de-
clares

There are two sacraments ordained of CHRIST on
Lord tn the Gospel, that is to say, Baptism and the
Supper of the LORD
sacraments, that ts to say, Confirmation, Penances
Orders, Matrimony and Extreme I'netion are not to be
counted for sacrainents of the Gospel, being suchas
are grown partly of the corrupt following of the
Apostles, partly are states of life allowed in the

Seriptures: but yet have not like mature of sacra

the |

   

| were continually differed

|
|

the Senate Committee on

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23,

 

 

| debated, for it does not touch the matter | wives,

| of religious obligation as variously inter-
preted by the many different parties in |
| Christendom. Undoubtedly the civil law
| should not interfere with the religioua con-
acience, but neither can the Church be per-
mitted to interfere with the State in this
Republic where their separation is com-
| plete. The State having legalized the mar-
riage, the Church must be left free to give |
or withhold its sanction, according to its
faith

Movement.

has passed and
Interstate Com-
merce has reported without amendment
puta the mongoose into the same category |
of exclusion as the Chinaman, The im-
portation of the mongoose is prohibited. If
& mongoose arrives at any port of the
United States after the date of the approval |
of this act he will either " be destroyed or |
returned at the expense of the owner,”
We have no information as to the extent |
or character of the popular agitation which
has preceded this action by Congress, If
any anti-mongoose meeting has been held
anywhere, we have not seen a report of it.
This Draconic legislation will strike the |
mongoose like a thunderbolt from a clear |
sky. He will arrive hereafter at the ports
of the United States and find the doors
closed and the bars up. He will not know
where he is at. If RIKKI-TIKKI-TAVI him-
self should come, he would be destroyed
or returned at the expense of Mr, KipLina,
We observe a looseness in the language of
the proposed statute which may lead to
some interesting questions for judicial de-

The Anti-Mongoose
A bill which the House

 

termination, The mongoose, or more prop-
erly mungoos, is only one variety of that
smal! but lively ichneumon which seems to
Congress to be an undesirable denizen of
this republic. He 1s a native of India,
although he is world-famous for his fighting
qualities, combining ashe does the pluck of
the bantam with the tenacity of the bull
terrier. The
pestes griseus,
House Bill 6,634.
near relative the herpestes ichneumon, or
PHARAOH'S rat?

If one of PHaraon's rata should arrive
at aport of the United States from some
Egyptian or other north African port, could

Indian ichneumon, or her-
is clearly excluded by
But how is it about his

he isnot?
That {s a question for the Supreme Court
or the Smithsonian Institution.

Baseball,

The St. Louia Globe-Democrat of May 19
thus describes the game between the New
York nine and the St

* Umpire SWART WOOD offtciated, and Bis decisions
the Easterners

Louisites:

with by

| QLEASON, GRADY & Co, were after 'SWARTY ' from

if he means that the civil marriage only |

Those five commonly called |

ments with Baptism and the Lonn’s Supper, for that |

they have not any vistble sign or ceremony ordained
of GoD,

rhe religious authority of these Thirty-
nine Articles as an expression of the An-
giican faith has been disputed, it is true,
but their rejection of matrimony as an
indissoluble sacrament is confirmed in both
England and this country. Church and
State in England are one. There ts a
Church Convocation, but practically {t ts
without power, the Church being governed
‘tunder her Majesty,"’ that is practically by

' Parliament, and by law of Parliament mar-

nage is dissoluble for adultery in the wife

and for adultery aggravated by other
offences in the husband. Likewise the
eanon of the Fpiscopal Church in this

country makes it dissoluble for adultery,
though without such an immoral distinction
between the offence inthe wife and in the
husband, and it allows remarriage to the
innocent party to a divorcee

Accordingly, our correspondent's views
of the sacramental character of marriage
confliet with the law of his Church tn both
this country and England, Neither here
nor in England, however, ia an Episcopal

| the drop of the flag

| drawn, therefore,

 

clergyman compelled to marry again people |

| who have been thus divorced, though by the
| Fnglish law a minister refusing to perform
| such a ceremony is compelled to permit it to

be performed in hia church by any other
clergyman of the diocese, The sacerdotal

palianism has long and strenuously en-
deavored to make marriage an indissoluble
sacrament, but it is evident that in England
it can never sueceed in its purpose short of
the separation of Chureh
the disestablishment of the Church of Eng-
land; and inthis country it must be able to
command a majority of the General Con-
vention of the Episcopal Chureh to change
the canon

Our correspondent aaserta that now ‘there
isa pretty general conviction among right-
minded people that in America we are be-
coming somewhat polygamous in
and his assertion seems to

stincts,’ re-

and State, or |

! nicalities

| party in both English and American Episco- |

They registered thetr first klek

he be excluded legally as a mongoose, which
|
|

after KIP’ SELBACH been called out on
Strikes iu the first {inning The third strike
served up by JONES split the heart of the plate,
waist high, and SWARTWOOD very correctly called
the batter out. A how! went up from the Joints’
that would have done credit to the old Haltimore
gang. SWARTWOOD stcceeded tn quieting all the
players Dut SELUACH, the latter keeping up a con-
tinual war of words with him It

|

|

'

oficial ordering him from the game.”’

resulted in the

“For the rest of the game,”’ says our con-
temporary, ‘the Joints acted just as the
Tebeauites used to."’ In the eighth inning,
after the umpire declared a St. Louis man
not out of the plate, this happened

“It was a case of howlfrom every member of the

visiting team. They)charged on 'SWARTY' as |

|
though they were going to bury him under an |
avalanche of abuse. With the buneh around him

 

ghtitdownon
It was A incre Siap, done inthe
nk

HAWLEY raised his rigithandand bro
SWARTWOOD'S face
heat of passion, and
ship, a seat on the bench alongside «

of course, earned for his ' P
fSPELBACH

Now the captain of the New York nine is
geen Ewing, by nature neither a roffan
nora bruiser. What other inference can be
than that the continued
ruffianism of the New Yorkers, varying from
mere wrangling with the umpire to bodily
assauli such as is described above, enjoys
practically the approval of the New York
club's management and of the National
League ?

Pin Money in a Husband's Pockets,

An interesting question {n morals and
matrimonial economics is here asked; and |
it has been asked often |

“TO THEEDITOROP THE SUN -Sir> Kindly tn
form a wife if when she takes small change from her
husband's pocket while he sleeps he canin fustice
call tt stealing. 1 am above doing anything like
what you would eall stealing. Man and wife are one
lean't understand why one ean steal from the other
My conscience does nottell mel have done wrong
My husband claims |tis stealing, while I claim I
have done nothing wroug. [Tam very eonscientious
abouttt, My husband is a business man. He al
lows me $15 aweek forthe table, but my spend-
Ing money and partof my clothing come from ft,
Whatlwantto knowts Is't stealing or not? I shall |
watch for the answer anxiously

NEw York, May 20 A Wirr.”
It is better not to take refuge in tech-
This conscientious wite has too
clean a soul to need the shield of casuistry,.
She would not want her husband to carry
ofY her best silver spoons and pawn them,
What is mine is thine is an agreeable, but a
dangerous doctrine. The wife's case reste
on stronger grounds, There is stealing in
her house, but her husband is doing it. He |
is stealing her time, her unpaid labor, her |
devotion, all the strength and glory of her |
womanly and wifely qualities, A household
must be run on business principles. There

| should be an allowance made to the wife for

our in- |

ceive support from the declaration in the |

Episcopal Address to the last Methodist
General Conference that ‘the statistics of
divorcee legislation indicate that the glory of
the true and pure family is suffering pain-
ful eclipse’ Actually, however, there js
no justifieation forsuch a conviction. Polyg-
amous tendencies are no more observable
here than in countries where there is no di-
vorce legalized; and, indeed, the tone of our
American social morality is higher. Where
our divorce jaws have extended = the

| causes of divorce, asin most of our States

has been done, the additional causes have
heen recognized for the benefit of aban-

doned and ill-treated wives especially and |
with no view to interfering with thesanctity |

of marriage, but rather for its practical
protection, That our divorce laws
tribute to immorality has never
proved, and over against the assertion of
our correspondent that they promote
polygamy there is the assertion on the
other side that really it is the prohibition of
divoree which promotes practical polygamy
Our clerical friend wants a marriage and
divoree law of Congress, but it is not pos-
' sible, and if it was possible it would un-
questionably be a liberal law, for that is
the preponderant sentiment of the States,

cone
been

|
|
|
|

household expenses, She may save some-
thing outof it. She may have to squeeze
along on it At any rate, she is entitled to
a separate allowance for clothing and other
personal expenses, the household
allowance is large enough for both purposes,
It iswrong to make a woman a beggar in
her own house, yer many men, and even |
generous but thoughtless men, seem to have
no idea that married women need any |
money of their own,
We have heard a shrewd
that half the married womenin New York |
habitually do not have ear fare. Probably |
most married men are rather careless and
ignorant than selfish in the matter
how or other the man usually makes him- |
self a liberal allowance. We have heard it |
|
|
|
|
|
|

Unless

observer say |

Some-

said that many men habitually misrep-
resent their inc their
that they make $25 a week for example,
when they really making $20 or $35
Thus they are able to have a considerable
sum for their private delectation without
seeming ungenerous to their wives

These fellows are sneaks, but the so-called |
generous man is pretty sure to be generous
to himself. How generous are the linch-
eons and the dinners that men of very mod-
erate means, even clerks on rather small
salaries, are able to buy themselves

omes, telling WiVes

are

They |
cannot resign themselves to cheap cigars.
They have been Known to ride in |
while their wives are suspending themselves |
from horse-car straps,
good for a man. |
fine fellow, and prides himself on his liber

O, nothing is too

with the conjoined navies of Russia and | This question, however, need not be j ality. And plenty of men are liberal to their

 

| Will he sell ont to it, or will he slug it?

) Moar
| Heloves to hurt Trusts and help himself,

The dog thinks himself a | ¢°

anda percentage of married women
is extravagant, But take the matter 60 far
as ordinary observation can look at it,
and married men are much more likely to
be economical in their wives’ expenses than
in thelr own,

A great deal of wisdom has been dropped,
especially by visiting foreigners, about the
extravagance und uselessness of American

| women. Such there are, and they are often

conspicnous in the public view. The
rich woman cannot be classed as extrava-

! gant, nor is she often other than active in
| good works, private and public. But the |

great majority of American married women

| ure the wives of men of small means, The

great majority cannot afford to keep ser-
vants. But whether they superintend or do
the housework, they are laborers and wor-
thy of their hire, A man’s home and his
children are what he works for, but his
wife works for them as hard and better,
She keeps home sweet for him. Her
frugality, her cleverness, her knack of
doing things save him a great deal of
money. What money he spends upon him-
self will go mostly for luxuries, some of it
perhaps for vices. What he gives her will be
spent more usefully. Men are always gird-
ing idiotically at women's supposed extrav-
aganoe in clothes, but what myriads of
women can make their own clothes, and
where is the man outside the taflor's shop
who can do as much? We can recall only
the late Ronrnson Crvsor and the present
Hon. Cart Browne, a Populist philosopher
who likewise made hima coat of the akin
of a goat. Men make more money than
women, but they also waste more. They
don't waste it by a long shot when they
give it to their wives

“4 Wife’ should reason with her husband,

    

   

SOUTH AFRICA.

 

Cape Town despatches concerning what is
going on at the front have proved so generally
unreliable that the report coming from there
to the effect that the British have occupied Ve
reeniging on the north side of the Vaal and cap~
tured a large number of locomotives needs of-
fleinl confirmation before being accepted
If the Roers have decided to continue
the struggle, as it 18 understood = they
have, {t is most unlikely that they should
have neglected to protect the railway bridge
across the Vaal or to blow it upon theapproas h
of theenemy. So limportant an incident would
certainly have been telegraphed by Lord Rob-
erts hadit occurred, to say nothing of the im-
probability of there being any British force

| strong enough to cross the Vaal unsupported

show him that he doesn't give her money |

enough, ask him for more, If he fs a sen-
sible man, he will see that she is right. If
he lacks discourse of reason, why, we sup-
pose, that the removal of small change from
a man’s pocket by his wife is a mild justice,
which does good to a good man, fines a nig-
gard and directs certain small change from
beer and cigars into productive industry.
At any rate, the proceeds are genuine
pocket money,

The first session of the Indiana Union of Lit-
erary Clubs begins {in Lafayette to-day, The
literature, music and art of the Hoosiers will be
represented, There is a remarkable interest in
these in Indiana as tn many other Western
States, In clubs perhaps no State is richer fn
proportion to its population, They are some-
times laughedat. Their tendency to dawdling,
mutual admiration, mere talk and restless
eciolism is condemned by sages who don't be-
long to them and perhaps can't get into them.

| But when all that can be truly said against them

has been said, they area centre of intellectual
activity: and as a dissipation they are agree-
able and harmless,

Congress and the President permit the Amer-
ican Line tochange the nameof the most fa-
mous of {ts big four

As the Paris she sped and euffered,

As the Yaleshe helped to wallop Spain and set
the new America a-going.

As the Philadelphia may her fortunes be even,
her existence tranquil, and her revolutions not
too slow

 

It was a cheap argument for the Filipinos,
when Senator Hoar compared them to the
Boers, and likened our course {n Tuizon to that
of the British {n South Africa
are rebelling against aa lawfully established a
sovereignty as there {s on earth, while the
Boers are defending themselves against an
invader that means to take their Independence
from them

The American who, for purposes of antl-im-
perialiam anti-McKinleyism or simple
Brvyanism, uses Senator Hoan’s compartson has
the anti-American pre/ndice in the extreme

or

   

The town of Paterson will be pecullarly dis-
graced if RecorderSenior, a veritable pillar of
the law, isnot kept upon the bench

A man of the name of Brown finished
Monday night a prodigious feat in bieyeling
He rode 2,000 miles in a little less than nine days
anda half, or 200 miles, two “centuries,” aday,
No other candidate for honors of the sort has
approached it. It gives a new {dea of whata
manandabevele can do. It may even havea
special scientific interest, because BROWN three
years ago Was pronounced consumptive.

on

share of credit for the cure

For our part, we are very much obliged to
Brows for his demonstration of physica) en-
duranceonthebieyele, But when the next ses-
sion of the Legislature opens we must look for
some crank to introduce a bill forbidding any
man to ride two centuries a day. Man's solict-
tude for man makes countless nuisances

What {s the attitude of Col
of St. Lonts toward the new Tobacco Trust?
Tf the
new Trust has failed to negotiate with Col,
Wetmore there {s woe in store for It,

The Filipinos |

If ha.
! {a eo no longer, the wheel must have the lon's

 

Mose Wermone |

Many Kansas writers wish to establish a Kan- |

sas magazine, devoted exclusively to the con-
tributions of Kansas writers, The project is
interesting and should succeed, Probably tt

 

would find Jarge support in other States |
if it was not too exclusively literary
and smacked of the Sunflower soll. Kansas

has many authora of talent and {a singu-
larly rich In people and things of interest.
And there isabout them a rich romantic lux-
uriance, asof the Populistimagination. It has
been said that life there {s barren and monot-
onous, and that men and women take up
politics flercely for amusement and excitement.
But this was uninst, as a Kansas magazine
would soon show,

 

Men, women, and we dare say children,
too, bave crossed continenta and all aolid
parts of the world on bicycles, on horseback,
on feet. Most of the water has carried
eanoes Now a young fellow from Princeton
has started to cross this continent onan auto-
mobile He may not get tired at the edgeof

the Pacifie, but keep on his way around thg |

globe

tives

Soon there will be no surprising the na-
anywhere They will have seen every-
thing and called {ta vanity

re eee
An Oven and a Flag.

TO THE EDITOR OF Tne SUN--Sir: Who says
strawberry shortcake ‘lke mother used to make?" If
this Yankee knew of a corner In New York big
enough to hold an oven andan American flag she
would dare make the aforesaid article and satisfy the
most fastidious New England palate
MARY FLIRN.

Room Enoagh.

To THE Eptror oF THR SUN—Sir: Will the
admission of |. Ep take up toc much space? °
ALNANY, May 10 IBY.

Discussion About New Caledonia,

To THE UprroR OF THE SUN Sir: The state-
ment in to-day’s issue furnished by Georges Lascelles
Latroune, a liberée (ieket-of leave man) from New
Caledonia must be highly amusing to ang of your
readers who have lived there

| restded there for some years, travelling the length
and breadth of the island and am fn a@ position to
assert positively that cannibalism exists no longer in
New Caledonia \ white man can travel unarmed in
any portion of the country as far as the natives are
eonesmed True, they once had a feariul insurrec
Honpin,the interior, but tt was speedily stamped out,
and ts not likely to reeur, for the Prench Government
treats the Kanakas well

Chere may be a few isolated cases of ‘cannibalism,’
but they dare not practise tt openly, Entre nous,
the Khanaka |s not overfond of ‘white flesh,” for, as
an old ex cannibal said to me one day tn a burst of
confidence, “Kanaka no like to ki ki white man, he

oo much all same salt.’' However, I congratulate
Georges Lascelles Latroune upon the wealth of his

imagination. CARINA
MOUNT VERNON, May 21, vane

; are

| brings the aggregate losses of
| 27,198 officers and men

at such a distance, over elahty-five miles, from
the main body at Kroonstad. What British
forces are at present along the Vaal in front of
Lord Roberts would, {n the nature of things, be
strong mounted patrols and reconnoitring
parties

* The mishap that has befallen a squadron of
Gen. Buller’s {rregulars 1s one of those incidents
that may be looked for at any time, the nature
of the country lending ftself to surprises of
isolated bodies by men well acquainted with it
There seems still some uncertainty as to
whether the Boers are holding Laings Nek or
not, but should soon be known. The Paris
rumor that the British had met with a defeat
there is probably only another version of the
disaster to the squadron of Bethune’s Horse,
already mentioned.

Regarding the stories of the Boers suing for
peace, while there is nothing absolutely authen-
tic about them, there are some grounds for be-
lieving that after the occupation of Kroonstad
the executive chiefa of the two republics again
asked the British Government, aa after the oc-
cupation of Bloemfontein, on what terms it
would make peace. ‘The British reply fs said to
have been that only unconditional surrender
would be accepted, on which the Boers decided
to continue the war. The official notice
issued by the Transvaal Government to the
Consuls of neutral powers announcing the
intention to defend the Rand mining district
which includes Johannesburg, and disciaiming
responsibility for injury to the persons and
properties of their subjects which may occur
or be necessary in the course of the defences,
indicates that it has been resolved to carry on
the wartothe end, The disposal of the 4,000
British) prisoners held) by thea Boers at
Waterval, near Pretoria, is vow an Interesting
question, and depends on what decision the
British Government may come to in reply to
the Boer proposals regarding them

The British losses officially stated up to May 5,
officers killed and died of disease;
731 wounded and 170 missing. Rank and file
4,209 Killed and died of disease; 6,843 wounded
and 4,235 missing There have besides been
416 officers and 7,203 rank and file sent home
invalided, as distinet from wounded, which
ip to

280)

f the army

The numbers {n hos-
pitalat the same date are estimated at over
0,000) Including the non-combatants who have
been killed, wounded and died of disease, the
figures swellup tosome 14,000, making a total
of over 41,000 casualties already during the war

 

UNCLE SAM SELLS A JOB LOT,

Annnoal Auction of Unclaimed and Abandoned
Articles at the Public Stores,

The year’s collection o! ned and aban-
doned goods was disposed of at p auction
yesterday inthe seizure room of the United
States Public Stores building, 641 Washington
street. Four hundred and twenty-seven lots
were disposed of for $6,721 55, which
was about $2,000 shortoft the appraised value
of the articles of the
who attended the sale were evidently there tor
the fun they could get out of d the bids
were madein that spirit, for they were ridicu-
lously high in many instances

In the crowd was a woman who said she had

unhela

 

home 1) persons

f, ar

    
 

come to bidona certain pair of corseta in the
collection, She stayed afi day, but th tahe
was looking for had not been reached wl on the
anetion for the day, and she parted,
aaVING would be back to-day

articles sold was an
Ithroueht 210 4

 

 

phant’s tusk twe tlong

pair of ver « Valued at $4 were cold to
“Mr Dyer ot Ath (ia.,” tor $49 or sup
position that thes antique workma
lip. There was spirited bidding for throm bot-
thes of entomological specimens whiel the
uuetioneer referred to as bues. A Mr tiold
smith got them for $100 One hundred and
twelve volumes of “infidel iterature ere
knoeked down at $14

International Farmers’ Trust,

From the Washington Poat

Mr.) C Hanley of St. Paul, Minn
tive agent of the National Farmers

the execu
Federation

of the Mississippi Valley, the National Grain
Growers’ Association, the National Cotton
Growers’ Association and the Farmers’ Ajlianes

Industrial Union, eslled the President
vesterday

Toa Postreporter Mr. Hanlev stated that a
movement is on foot to bring the farmers and
grain growers of the world into an association,

the purpose of which will

upon

he to wet the eom-
bined farmers inall partsof the world to restrict

  
 

the acreagr vheat and other crops, so as to
raise the pr in the case of wheat, to $1
a bushel

In the opinion of those who are in-
terested {n the movement for a
world’s association it will be qnite

practicable to secure an agreement to reduce
the acreage and form a plan for giving univer-
sal information, and in this way double tha
price, In the same way {ft is hoped that the
eotton growers can be brought together and
the acreage reduced until the price rangea in
the neiahborhood of 10 cents @ pound Other
crops will, of course, be taken Into considera.
tion, but as wheat and cotton are the main
staples on which the farmer depends for a
money crop, the greatest endeavors will be
used in the direction of a reduction of an acre-
age of these

A world’s congress of farmers is to be held tn
Paris from the oth to the 16th of July, at which
the representatives of the various farmers’ or-
ganizations and individual farmers throughout
the agricultural sections of all countries will be
present

 

 

Summer Drinks.

TO THR FprTroR OF THR SUN-—Sir: T have read
with much Interest the letters of “Bartender” and
others on the subject of summer drinks now being dis-
cussed in your valuable journal. I quite agree with
“Bartender that ‘rickey’ drinking ts detrimental
and injurious when taken too frequently, but the
drinks put forth so far as substitutes cannot tn my
opinion be given serious consideration

Whatis wanted during hot weather {s notan ex-
pensive cocktail or fancy beverage, buta wholesome,
palatable drink that will refresh and cheer the Jaded
elty man and quench his thirst without giving that
languld, Inebdriated feeling too common with popular
drinks atthe present time. In this connection I beg
tosubmit. for the information of ‘Hartender” and
others Interested In this matter, the name ofa drink,
which became very popular last season, namely the
“Moonlight Saunter.

This drink has suMctent head to cheer without tne-
briating Inthe sligiitest way; !t{s composed of Ingre
dients that cannot be tampered with without detection
by even the uninitiated. It is an essentially ‘long
drink” and cannot be surpassed asa thirst quencher,

New YorK, May 21 AUTOLYENUS,

 

TO THE EpttorR oF THE SUN- Sir Milk asa
summer drink or any other season's drink Is the
quintessence of foolishness T. S. Allen sags it Is a
“summer drink to which allof us * * * once rendered
loyal treaty’ (whatever that may mean—I suppose
that our mothers had to stand the treat). Milk ts
notadrink atall, and because we swallow tt without
cutting It with a knife and fork it !sno morea drink
than soup

Sir Henry Thompson in common with a multitude
of other authorities bas explained that ther roportion
of curd and water ts so arranged In milk thatit has
only the amount of water required by the stomach to
digest the Intensely nutritious eurd
sweat three or four pounds of waterona

Let a man
hot day or

 

 

 

   
  

seven pounds ast offen have myself ona single
afternoon's pull’ onthe river and then drink miik
under the delusion that because he drinks it tt tsa
“drink What will happen? “Vester will a

mostinstantly absorbthe water n two or three
@iasses of milk, and there will be (within him to

plague and sorely vex him acork of the
curd to dislodge which the strongest mee Ss may
be necessary. Milk mixed witha quantity of water
‘all the water the system craves: Is another question

| worship sentimentin its proper place, but does tt
not smack of sentimentalism or misplaced sentiment
fora man to talk of milk as the “drink of our
“fathers before us—yea, and of our fathers’ fathers
e’ento the first syilable of unrecorded time and
then to propose a glass of cold milk. ** * | mean,
of course, afver it has been properly sterilizedt”’

May 21, JOHN SUCKLING.

 

Moothest

 

  

SSS SSS SSS SSS

pce SS

 

 

—

THE PRICE OF MILK.

A Card From No, 80 of the Five States Milk
Producers’ Association,

To THE Eprtor or Tie SUN Sire Notteing
in THE SUN the only report of the milk aasocia-
ton published in any New York paver which
treated the farmers’ side of the question with
any degree of fairness, the undersigned, aCom-
mittee on Correspondence appointed by Greene
Section, Noo s0,of the F SoM. PLA, would be
pleased to state through the courtesy of Tit
SUN the situation as it exists in this vicinity

On May 6 the price pald to milk producers
here was reduced to one and three-quarters of
acent a quart by the Mik Exchange which
price would not cover the cost of production,
which condition bas existed much of the time
for the past ten years, resulting in financial dis-
tress to producers, One of the resulte is a very
large depreciation in the value of farm lands

Daa etl ova, PRL Led

  
  

anda general depression among farmers who |

readevery day of the universal prosperity in
other lines of business

The price of nulk paid the farmer for many
years has averageda little under one and seven-
elghths cents a quart The price asked by
the F.8.M_ P. A. is two cents a quart for six
months beginning April | and three cents a
quart for six months beginning Oct. 1 This is
an average of less than two and one-half cents
for all milk produced, because inere milk is
sold at the lesser than at the greaterprice. The
above prices are slightly varied by the differ-
ence in freight rates. These prices are for the
long haul or 32 cents freight a can

The producers of milk believe that the con-
sumers already pay a liberal price, enough so,
that, after the freight and a fair proat are paid
to the middlemen, there should be left to the
farmers, who have many millions of capital in-
vested, a Httle more than one-third of the
amount paid by the consumer, *

There is no other article of universal neceasity
where the difference bet ween the price received
by the producer and the price paid by the con-
sumer Is as great as milk Milk is now being
shipped to all buyers who pay theF.S.M P A.

rice. Thereis no strike fn the milk business
‘he farmers ask a prioe for their property and
sell {t to any one who pays that price. We
know of no law that will compel us to sell our
repersy is the buyers’ price unless {t is satis-
actory,
GRORGE W. LENDERSON, \ Committee on
( WINSTON, Correapondence.
GREENE, Chenango county, May 21

Marriage, Civil and Religious.

To THE Epiron or Tur Scn—Sir: There ts
evidently so much {gnorance and misconcep-
tion regarding elvil and religious marriages,
that I shall esteem ita favor {f you will allow
one who lias given many years to study of the
question to place the matter carefully before
your readers

In the first place, marriage per seis simply a
Biblical scholars have called

civil contract
this statement {n question, because in the
Book of Common Prayer marriage {ts said |

“ty have been iustituted of God in the time
0 noecency,”’ but no one would assert
that the conditions of marriage which suited our
firs! parents and the Adamic race would be
quite in harmony with what Christians now call
‘Holy Vatrimony’?!

jhe affirmative law of marriage, which has
come down from creation, is simply that an un.
in may marry an unmarried
provided both parties are of
sound tiindand are both ready to enter into the
contract, and age capable of carrying out the
primary end for which marrtage is instituted
This primary end of marriage {4 clearly defined
{nthe exhortation of the office of the English
Pr r Bock: First, for the procreation of
children: secondly, as a remedy against sin, and,
thirdly, for mutualsociety. But, unfortunately,
the woman has been regarded as property, first
of her father and then of her husband, so that
in all countries the marriage law has been lim-
ited by avrowd of prohibitions and regulations
No true churehman can study the conditions of
mourriage {in various countries without being
convinced that ju the present day no legislative
ngsembly cduld enact a marriage law which
would satiefv the eonditiona of “Holy Matri-
mony" or Christian marriage
This was discovered as soon as the Roman
Empire embraced Christianity. The Romans,
like the Hindoos, and, in fact, like all Aryan
races, were monogamista. But the legalized
evstem of coneubinage practically established
polygamy. The Semitic races, such as the Jews
vod Arabians, have practised polygamy, while
snvace races have placed no restrictions on
marriage except so far as pertains to property
and family rights
Ii the present day there {s a pretty @eneral
conviction among right-minded people that in
Ameriea we are becoming somewhat polyga-
mous in our instineta, and {tis against this that
the Chureh Catholie raises its protest. The Fast-
ern churches have been somewhat Iberal in
thetr interpretations of the law of marriage and
divoree, The Roman Catholics have instituted
ystem of dispensations which makes divorce
a luxury, asin the ease of Napoleon, The Epis-
eopal Church now feels that in order to raise
the tone of socety the life-long contract of holy
joatrimony must be maintained The Puritans
have always taken a lower position regarding
the question, and this is expressed In the Pres-
hyterian "Directory for Worship,’’ chapter 11:
“Marriage is not a sacrament nor pecullar to
the Church of Christ. It is proper that every
commonwealth, for the good of society, shall
make laws to regulate marriage, which all cit!-

fmen'sit

ried adult m

iar

adult wou

 

 

zens ure obliged to obey
It is very evident, therefore, that what we want
in Ameriea is a civil law on marriage and di-
yoree which shall prove a safeguard to publio
morality and secure the sanctity of family life.
And it is not neeessary that this law should rise
to the highest conceptions of the Christian view
of marriage, but itis absolutely necessary that
thera should be one law on marriage and
divorce throughout the country. We have now
one Jaw passed by Congress which prohibits
polygamy, Why should we not have one law
which shall regulate marriage and divorcee?
Every studentof Church history knows that
the Chureh had to tolerate such laws, although
they were never indorsed bythe heat thought
of the Chureh. Under the Emperors Constan-
tine, Honorius and Theodosius Junior thera
were Jaws of marriage and divorce which
differed very little from those of Dakotaand
Oklahoma
But when we come to “Holy Matrimony” ft ts
that which, according to the Book of Common
Prayer, signifies “the mysticalunion which {a
between Christ and His Church;” and it {9
something altogether different tothe marriage
of a Jew, 9 Hindoo or a Parsee fire worshipper.
Tt is life-long in Itacontract. The contract made
before the altar of Christ Is “until death us do
part.” The question fs put to those about to
be married as to whether they will keep this
contract “so long as ye both shall live,” and
they answer “Twill It doesn't require much
logie to prove that when this contract is broken
fteannot be renewed at the altar. This {9
clearly defined by St aul, whosavsets Romans,
vii. 2, "For the woman which hath a husband
is bound by the law to her husband aa long as
he liveth The supposed sanction of Jesus
Christ fer divorce in Matthew, v., 92, throws
very little light upon thesubiect, forat the
mostit only sanctions the putting away ofa
wife, and not abusband, whilst according to
manvof the old Fathers the word “fornteation”
not refecto any sin committed after mar-
riage, but before

The Puritans were so anxious to show that
age Ww that alto-

rlooked the fact that holy matrimony

  
 

doe

s nota sacrament they

   

wascertall
tian marriage is by its very mnvetieal character
altogether Lftedout of the category of ordinary
marriage, Ro that divorced persons,
unbaptized, hay

oreven the
enotthe right to seek the bene-

 

   

 

diction of the Church Itis difleult to under-
stand why they do insist upon being married in
eithera fashionable church or by a fashionable
elergyimar It can only be desired because of
ts respectability And the sooner the Church
detines what she understands by respectability

 

 
     

ll

iy sacramental in its character, Chriae |

capitalists, who are prominent in cireies
dheided that they were engaged ir givin

) calling and should not be made the tarert of
Imprecations, as it Injured t social stare

in marriage the better for the purity of the
natienn fe and the good of the Chureh

Thome the tine isnot far distant when per-
eons will be pelled to bring to the Christian
prinst a cert tmmearniage alrendy legalized
Hy a lustios Pence. Then Christian peo-
pile ( e tothe church to have their nup-
t oleninized by Christian vows, and being |

 

thus tarred in the Lord.” they will stand as
representatives of the sacramental eontract of
marriage, which was intended to exemplify the
mnyatical union that exists between Christ and
His Church This is the only way in which the
controversy can be settled by the Chureh ina
country where we are ruled by the people and
for the people. b.b. D,
New York, May 21,

MEDI wren

oi
7

  

KILLING CHINESE CHRISTIANS,

The Murderous Ralds of the ''Roxers,” N E
The “Boxers” of China, who head the antl

foreign movement in the northeast prov jow pR.

have changed their seene of operation I HA

Germany threatened last month to toaie a ng,

 

val demonstration if China did not suppress yy seve’
soclely Germany's warning Was due to thy ad
fact that the Boxers had destroved a great doy fe’
of mission property, killed one white rmicsioy ii
and many native Christians within the Gorman CH
sphereof inthience, ind collected on the Sipe Moor
veved line of the rallroad, declaring that thay elecié
would forcibly prevent track laying Gernany'y on th
protest against these outrages is doubtiocs the renni
reason Why the Boxers have crossed the if ing Weat
Ho and moved into Pechili provines, whore publ
they have resumed the massacre of nariyy been
Christians and§
They have killed seventy-three persons, {n. cisive
cluding women and children, near the large and inten
{mportant city of Paoting-fu, the capital og makin
Pechili and the largest place tn {ft exeopttng majo’
Pekin and Tientsin. It isa very busy ety 4) andl
the midstof plains admirably cultivated fox. pr. J.
is only eighty-five miles to the northeast and sity,
Tientsin the same distance to the east pha ark,
fact that railroad trains run regular pr. J
Pekin and Paoting fal lends color the Hera
statement that the imperial toyor. cal Ini
ment is conniving with the Boyer. or Dr.
regard their lawlessness with indiferonoa elect,

Mare
Hisfa
feren
Colle
andf

It would certainly seem that
ernment !s either powerless against this our
lawry or encourages tt, for the Fiipress [yvy.
ager's proclamation against the Boxers {»
February had no good result and they are poy
repeating their outrages much nearer ty P
andalonga railroad that might carry troop,
from the capital to the revolters ina few bo rs

The American Board as well a8 mtssioy ary
societies of Europe have important interes: 4
Paoting-fu. Thus far the Boxers have dopa
about as they pleased. When they began ther
raids in October tast they declared it to be thio,
purpose to exterminate all foreigners and a\)
who are “worse than foreigners,” meaning sha
Christian converts. The situation ts beeon ing
intolerable for missionaries in nortiienst ' J
who have not known such serious persec sion
in many years,

FISHERMEN FOR NAVAL RESERVES,

the Gow

 

ente
poin
reac
Phio.
Uni
elect
Figh
wus

Admiral Sampson Would Get Such Recruits
From Our New England Ports.
Boston, May 22.—Admiral Sampsontn an n-
terview has declared fora maval reserve nade
up of fishermen
“Fora good many years," the Admiral sald,

“LT have been deeply in sympathy with Perr
proposition for the enrollment of our has Ohio
coast fishermen as a naval reserve. These my the }

Color
the A
he r
labo
nent
In 184
Wesle
cello
Chan
1884
than
as on
Chur
The
their
; dent
ee Audi
adimi
also
done
after
sider
etitud
on tl
mitte
was
542 to
incor
As
mitte
appra
chan
may
Conte
ional
ftion

know the sea better than naval militia
know it, They are toughened, rough-ayd tim
ble, capable, courageous fellows, who may
instructed readily in the requirements of the
places they would be called upon to fill in ease of
trouble, We are going to have war some!
or other and I think ij’s a first-rate
have physically capable and intel!
truined sailors ready always for emergenoy
duty

“f don't wish to say a word against tha
personnel of the naval militia, but rather to
indicate that the chief fault with it is that the
several organizations are not under imn .
Government control, A young, strong, rr
and ready fisherman of Gloucester or Salen
other port on our New England coast co
developed in winter toa very valuable reserve
man with three or four months’ work on bourd
ship in the Caribbean.”

 

 

 

  

 

WAR REVENUE TAXES.
Proposed Investigation of the Question of
Redacing Them.

WASHINGTON, May 22 —At the meeting of the
House Committee on Ways and Means
morrow Chairman Payne will present a resoli-
tion authorizing the committee to sit during the
recess to consider the matter of reducing the
war taxes. The purpose is to Investigate ti

uestion of reduction in an orderly and
thorough manner. The committee may :
meet until after the election,

The Administration will take no steps tows"!
arepeal of the War Revenue act. There hws
been some doubt on this subject up to tia
time, as the pressure has been great from dric-
wists and brewers especially to have the o'
repealed, but the Cabinet advise against suc) 4
repeal, and no attempt will be made to ee
Congress to act on the matter this session

 

APRIL PAY FOR TEACHERS.

 

 

81,300,000 Turned Over Yesterday to the
Board of Education,

Warrants for $1,300,000, representing on»
twelfth of the annual appropriation of the
Board of Education, were dejivered by Com

troller Coler to the City Chanberlain vesterdiy
and'subsequently turned over to the Treasurer
of the board. By to-morrow or Thursday,
was said yesterday, the 15,000 odd checks for
teachers’ April pay will have been signed and
the money will be ready for payment

Lord Carzon's Thanks Cabled From India

The Committee of One Hundred on India
Famine Rellef which cabled $30,000 to India on
Monday, received yesterday additional co

tributions of $1,806.70, and thefollowing catia
nessages

SIMLA, May 22, 1800

Mr. William E. Dodge, Chairman of Committee of
One Hundred, New York

Many thanks for your splendid contribution
CURZON, Vieeroy
AHMPDNAGAR, May 22
William EF Dodge, Chairman

Cholera bad tn some districts Mortality and 4 +
tress Increasing. Relilef most urgent tn native States,
Grain prices not rising ROBERT A. Hi

Mr. Hume is chairman of the Interdenonite
national Missionary Rellef Committee

   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
  

Panished for Calling Men ‘‘Scabs."

From the Memphia Commercial Appeal
Taitt_r Rock, Ark., May 18) “The use of the
term ‘scab,’ applying to an employee of a prop
erty under the protection of this court, t#itse f
very near contempt and must be stopped "
Such was one of the dicta of the United States
Court at noon to-day as Judge Williame as
sessed punishment against Guy Miller and Pir «
Wilson on the charge of contempt of court
After hearing the evidence and listening tothe
arguments of counsel the Courr assessed M
ler’s punishment at six months and Wilson's at
thirty days’ imprisonment in Pulaski county
Jail
Wednesday Guy Miller, his brother, Eugene
Miller, who is still at Jarge, and Pink Wilson,
boarded a street car. WC. Byrd, a conductor,
and W, EK. Morgan, a motorman, both non-
union ten, were on the ear, although not o
duty Just at that time. ‘The testimony showed
that the Millers called the men ‘scabs, and
demanded that they get off the car as they did
not want to ride withthem. A aiMieulty ensued,
bronght on by the Millers. and one of
kicked the conductor viciously
Judge Willlams held the fact that Morgen:
and Byrd were not on duty at the time had
nothing whatever to do with it, as they wera
employees of the Little Rock Tractionand Flee
trie Company and as such entitled at all times
to the protection of the Court

  

Soed for Praying fora Lightning Stroke,
Fromthe Philadelphia Times

STROUDSBURG, May 10.—-The Rev, E. 2, Dizon a
prominent Method!st cler@yman of this borongh, «
he called upon to defend in court an answer to 4
prayer offered calling for Divine vengeance on A
brewery Capitalists recently erected alarge brewery
tn the Ree Mr. Dixon's parish. It caused
mentand was made the subject of a veheme
from the minister ‘in which he called upon it
strike with L@htning the new brewery being erecte:
fn that place

Shortly after, during a violent storr
struck the brewery, partlally wrecking ‘t
ing from a ladder two sons of another

minister who were at work on the bulld
Noone was killed and the brewery wast

but the prayer created so much comment t

themselves and families. Lawyers who ba

upthe case say the men havea first class ‘
artion and ft is stated the eM f
a finish

The He Mr. Dixon elaims he ear +? {

sponsible for an actof Providence wr

subjectsinto unenviable notoriety, and t
promises to be one of the most novel ever t
Pennsylvania court,
Antl-Concassion Uniforms.
From the Palmer |Mass.) Register
ne gun dub has adopted Royal Pulpe sueere
ey are loud enough so that the report of a un Ls
Bot Dotceabie.