=

VOL. LXIX.—NO. 192.

 

DOZENSSCALDED IN CAR CRASH

FULL FORCE OF ENGINE BOILER
WAS TURNED ON THEM.
Stationary Engine on the Track In Mad-
ison Avenue at the Rush Hour—Car
it It, Breaking the Boller Plug
-- Windows Shattered, Passengers Help-
less — Only About 10 Ont of 80 Unhurt.

 

A Madison avenue trolley car bound
uptown with a rush hour crowd, which
was jammed in it beyond the rear door
ran afoul of a stationary hoisting engine
just north of Forty-fourt h street yesterday
evening.

In a second the windows on both sides
of the car were blown out by escaping
steam and passengers were knocked down,
cut and scalded. The scene of the accident
was enveloped for several minutes in a
cloud of steam which swung clear over
to Fifth avenue.

The roar of the escaping steam drowned
the cries of the injured, How many there
were the police didn't learn. More than a
score rushed away to physicians or totheir
homes in a squadron of cabs which closed
{n on the car from the Grand Central Sta-
tion. Others went to drug stores in the
neighborhood.

The police secured the names of only
four injured. They said that not ten of
the seventy or eighty passengers could
have escaped some sort of injury.

The car was No. 1927. It was in charge
of Motorman Daniel Griffin and Conductor
John O'Connor. It had just turned off
Vanderbilt avenue on the track recently
used to relieve the jam at Forty-second
street and Fifth avenue when an obstruc-
tion was sighted ahead. It was the, sta-
tionary engine.

The engine has been in me for some time
at that particular spot for hoisting stone
for the erection of an eight-story bachelor
apartment house which is being put up by
Charles A. Dards on the northeast corner
of Forty-fourth street and Madison avenue.
The engine was encased in a sheet iron
covering. Workmen were shifting it into
a better place for its work.

The car, filled with an impatient crowd
and directed by a motorman and a con-
ductor who wanted to get along, had to
wait in Forty-fourth street for a few min-
utes while the work of shifting the engine

went on. Finally the workmen thought
(eer nad Ie = of the ry, and James Ma-
oney, t e foreman of the gang, step
off the track. ~~ _—
Conductor O’Cognor jumped u
the street where he had been wait and
gave the bell strap two sharp jerks. Motor-
man Griffin turned on the power almost
full so as to get a good start to make up lost
time. Then the trouble happened.
Neither the motorman nor the conduc-
tor had noticed a little looking
proportion. protruding about six inches
rom the outside of the shanty. It was the
safety valve plug. As the car rolled on
the plug struc rod which ran from the
right side of the car platform to the roof of
the we, it eo tte rod ‘ase car
going an struc! e@ corner
afta hat nit
bro

from

That time it was the plug which

With a roar like a steamboat letting off
steam a volume of steam rushed out the
boiler neta the broken plug. The
windows on th sides of the oar were
shatterad. Passengers fell right and left
covered with a shower of glass which cut
their faces and hands.

The steam kept blowing out of the boiler
and the passengers began crawling out
of the car on their hands and knees, They
coukin't walk or run out, the seats of the
car bein; their only protection against
the force of the steam.

Policeman Godley ran over from Del-
monico'’s and Policeman Raffsky from the
Manhattan, They couldn't help . earin
the racket. Everybody in radius of ha
a mile heard it. People left the din-
as Nome in the hotels all around to see
what had happened.

When the policemen got there, men and
women were still crawling out of the
wrecked car. Some were jumping through
the glassiess window frames. Prerybo. y
wanted to get away from that steam and
several were seen running away for as far
ar (wo blocks.

The police got an ambulance from Flower
Hoerpital and Dr. Fobes, who came with

it, treated a number of victims. These
were the only names taken:
Miss Fannie Gilmore, stenographer, of

S28 West Nineteenth street: he
badly sealded: cheek cut GS avtee bd wand
James Parks of 101 East Eightieth street
chief inspector of the Metropolitan Street
Railway Company, cut from left ear to chin
William Cummings of 217 West Sixty-sixth
street and Thomas
Beach badiy scalded
Tre conductor and moto ROA
injury. ~—— on
Many of the jwseengers in their rush
from the steam left wraps, umbrellas =
packages in the car. Most of these were
claimed later. The car was pushed to the
foay-eate street barn. No arrest was
mada,

Scarbrook of Bergen

 

INDIAN RISING IN FAR NoRTNH.
Hudson's Bay Company Agent Forced to
Flee, Leaving His Store.

Vierorta, B. C., March 10.—Up at Fort
George, which lies about 100 miles north-
east of Quesnelle, at the confluence of the
Fraser and the Nechaco rivers, the Indians
have risen and E. L. Kepner, the Hudson's
Bay Company's storekeeper, whose life
was threatened by the belligerent Indians,
has been forced to flee. He has arrived
om. moving, he spore and its con-

n possession of the i i
ones, neve been daunes > the
down the a s Department to put

© cause of the risin

here. Kepner Feported a ee telat

uesnelle that the Indiana had come to
the fort and when he had forced the door
shut to keep them out, they broke in and
one swung an axe at him, while others
threaten to shoot him. He had only
0 Srunene cook in the store with him, so he

The Indians
os a tal eo Fort George are known

TAFT UNDER THE KNIFE TO-DAY.

Governor of the Philippines wi Undergo
a Second Surgical Operation.

CINCINNATI, March 10.—The Hon. William
H. Taft, Governor of the Philippine Islands,
is now at the Jewish Hospital, ready to
submit to an operation for an old trouble,
that led to fears for hia full recovery when
he was recently so il! at Manilayand for
which he has already undergone one un-
successful operation. Dr. Forchheimer will
perform the operation to-morrow.

The Governor is in fairly good health
otherwise and faces the ordeal with corm-
posure, Last night Lawrence Maxwe!l
fave a dinner for Gov. Taft at the Queen

ity Club, so that he might meet his former

 

tolahorere in the Cincinnati Law School
faculty. Ile was formerly dean of the
faculty, The Governor, however, was

compelled to leave the banquet room early
in order to prepare for his hospital ordeal

 

- Beane Trip Tickets te California
Sale at all ticket offices, offering diversity of
‘via ch “b North

Toutes going @ returning, v
Woates (fiom pectic am Southern the Hall

a
ways, Offices, 461, 287 and 34 Broadway.

 

 

WARSHIPSTO LEAVE VENEZUELA.

Germany Will Withdraw All Bat One
Crutser— Incident Closed.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Lonpon, March 11.—A despatch to the
Morning Post from Berlin gtates that the
German warships in Venezuelan waters
are about to disperse in varioug directions.
Only one cruiser will remain to meet what-
ever emergency may arise, although the
authorities are convinced that the Venezue-
lan incident may be regarded ag being
definitely closed.

 

Germany sent warships to Venezuelan
waters to enforce a demand for the ment
German loans which President Castro
showed an inclination to repudiate. It was
reported some weeks ago t an under-
standing had been reached.

NO BLAME FORWAFSLANDWRECK

 

Coroner's Jury Congratulates Captains
- Passenger's Death Due to His Excitement.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk SUN.

LiverPoo., March 10.—A Coroner's in-
quiry was held here to-day into the death
of Edward Dangerfield, a passenger on
the steamship Waesland, which was sunk
on March 6 by a collision with the steam-
ship Harmonides. Mr. Dangerfield was
killed by falling into one of the lifeboats
and striking his head against the fittings.
The Coroner said that Mr. Dangerfield's
life would not have been sacrificed had he
kept cool.

Capt. Apfeld of'the Waesland described
how the Harmonides crashed into hie
vessel He shouted to the vessel to re-
main in the hole of his ship's side, but she
backed out, and returned again into the
side of the Waesland.

Capt. Denton of the Harmonides said that
when the fog came on he slowed down
his speed to 4% knots an hour. On hear-
ing the Waesland's whistle he stopped the
engines of his ship, but the Waesland sud-
denly crossed the bows of the Harmonides
and was amidships when they struck.

The jury returned a verdict of aoci-
dental death and added a rider congratu-
lating the captains of both ships on their
endeavors to save life.

 

ENTHUSIASM OVER ROSEBERY.

 

He Gets a Great Reception at Glasgow
— Not to Leave Liberal Party.
Special Cadle Despatch to TuR Sun.

Lonpon, March 10.—Lord Rosebery vis-
ited Glasgow to-day and his presence ex~-
cited immense enthusiasm. Enough appli-
cations were made for seats to fill the hall
in which he spoke six times over.

His speech was virtually a reiteration of
his previous addresses. He declared that
he had no design on the leadership of the
Liberal party, and that he could not, even
if he wished, supplant Sir Henry Camp-
bell-Bannerman in the House of Commons,
He did not desire the leadership in the House
of Lords.

The ambition of the new Liberal League
was not to be excluded from the party.
They meant to live and work inside Sha
party, attempting to influence it in the only
direction they believed to be sound.

 

LONDON COUNTERFEITERS.

Five Men Remanded for Trial for Making
and Using Bank of England “Queer.”
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, March 10.—Five men, Levy,
Brown, Gibbons, Freeman and Devenport,
were arraigned in the Mansion House police
court this morning on charges of having
forged and uttered the counterfeit £5 notes
on the Rank of England.

Police Inspector Davideon stated that
he kept the men under observation for a
month. He traced them from hotel to
hotel and eventually had Devenport and
Brown arrested as they were stepping out
of a cab. Two bundles of the forged notes
were found in the cab. The men were
remanded.

ITALY

Cabinet Wins With a New Candidate for
President of the Chamber.
Special Cadle Despatch to TAR SUN.

Rome, March 10.—The Chamber of Depu-
ties met to-day and elected Signor Bian-
cheri President by a vote of 402 to 852. The
Minieterialista were also successful in the
subsequent ballots, electing their candi-
dates for Vice-Presidents and Secretaries.

 

 

AVOIDS A CRISIS,

 

On Feb. 21 last the Government sought
to have its candidate, Signor Villa, re@élected
to the Presidency of the Chamber. When
the vote was taken the opposition cast
blank ballota, whereupon the Ministry
resigned, but subsequently Prime Minis-
ter Zanardelli, who was summoned to form
a new Cabinet, organized a vernment
that consisted of the members of the
former Ministry.

 

THE COLONIES’ EXHIBIT.

 

Lord Strathcona Makes Loyal Address

at Its Opening In London.

Special Cable Despatch to Tak SUN
Lonvon, March 10.—The Lord Mayor
to-day opened the exhibition of colonial
products, &c., at the Royal Exchange. Lord
Strathcona and Mount Royal, the Canadian
High Commissioner, made an address in
which he expressed the hope that the ex-
hibition would not only arouse fresh inter-
est in the colonies, but would serve to bind
still closer the outlying portions of the

King's dominions

 

Huronian, from St. Jehn to Glasgow,
Ten Days Late and Not Reported.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,

Lonpon, Mareh 10.—The Allan Line
officers have received no news in regard to
their steamship Huronian, which left Glas-
gow on Feb. 11, for St. John, N. B. She is
about ten days overdue.

 

| Georgio Strikes a Barge tn the Mersey.

Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.
Loxpon, March 10—The White Star
steamship Georgic, which left New York on
Feb. 26 for Liverpool, collided with a barge
in the Mersey this morning. She sustained
no damage

Schooner Capsized; Crew Lost?
Special Cable Despatch to Tae SCN.
LONDON, March 10.-The schooner Vic-
torine has been found capsized in the Chan-
nel. lt is feared that her crew has been
lost.

 

Count von Bulow Has Infioenza.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
BERLIN, March 10.—Count von Balow,
the Imperial Chancellor, is suffering from
a slight attack of influenza.

EE
“Dewey's Wines Are Pare.”

“Buy. of the - .
H. 7. Dewey iy ae ee

oo)

 

prisvoa of $50 secured from the A

NEW YORK, TUESDAY

 

FIGHT FOR CUBA NEARLY WO

AN

 

AGREEMENT EXPECTED
WITHIN A FEW DAYS.

 

Republican Leaders Working Night and
Day to Bring Their Colleagues Into
Line With the Administration—The
Beet Sugar Men Nolsy and Confident.

Wasninaton, March 10.—-Slowly but
surely the parliamentary tangie over the
question of Cuban tariff legislation is being
unwound, and within a few days there is
almost certain to be an agreement between
the Republicans of the House of Representa-
tives to stand by the proposition of the
Ways and Means Committee for a reciprocal
reduction in the tariff rates between Cuba
and the United States. Republicans wil!
get together to-morrcw night in the fourth
attempt to harmonize the conflicting inter-
ests, and while it is not certain that the
controversy will be ended then, it (will
not be many days before harmonious action
will be reached. Speaker Henderson
and Representative Cannon are working
night and day to bring their colleagues
into line with the Administration, and the
President and members of the Cabinet
and one or two Senators noted especially
for their skill in steering legislation through
rooky and narrow channels are super-
vising the work.

The beet sugar men are more than ever
noisy to-day in claiming that they will
never yield and in declaring that if to-
morrow’s conference, or one to be called
subsequently, takes any action it will be to
indefinitely postpone the whole subject.
But even while making these announce-
mente many of the beet sugar men are
anxiously seeking a plan of compromise,
as they recognize the fact that some legisla-
tion must be enacted in line with the Presi-
dent's recommendations and that they
are not justified in standing out against
their party colleagues.

Every possible argument is being used
by the Administration and the leaders
in the Senate and House to demonstrate
the absolute necessity of united party
action in line with the policy of the Govern-
ment and in emphasizing the importance
of unanimity of action in any agreement
that is reached. Some of the more radical
Republicans still insist that the President
should send to Congress a speciai message
embodying his views, but in doing this
they lose sight of the situation as it exists
inthe House. There are now 200 Republican
Representatives and they constitute a
majority of 44 of the whole House. The

lan of the Ways and Means Committee
involves, of course, the adoption of a special
rule for the consideration of their pending
proposition, under which no amendments
can be offered to it and no debate will be
allowed. The Democrats, a large number
of whom are ready to vote for a tariff re-
duction, would never vote for such a rule
as that, but would offer amendments to
any plan that might be brought into the
House from the wage and Means Com-
mittee. Then, if Speaker Henderson
should decide that amendments providing
for a change in the general tariff laws were

, e to the subject, twenty-three
ugar members voting with the Demo-
crats would destroy the Republican ma-
jority of 44 in the house and upset the whole

plan.

In view, therefore, of the situation as
outlined above, the necessity of having a
unanimous agreement among the Republi-
cans before any programme is adopted is
plain. The list in possession of those in
charge of the canvass to-day shows that
there would be no trouble whatever in
getting a majority now for a proposition
of the Ways and Means Committee, but it is
not @ majority that is wanted, it is a unani-
mous agreement, and this is what the Re-
publican leaders confidently expect to
get within a day or two.

The latest proposition submitted by the
leaders of both houses a8 a compromise
agreement, should one become necessary,
provides for the gradual increase of the
amount of tariff reduction to Cuba each
year for three or four years until it should
cease altogether.

The conference to-night of the Republi-
can members of the House who are opposed
to tariff concessions to Cuba adopted,
after some three hours’ debate, resolu-
tions reciting the declaration of the Repub-
liean platform of 1900 with regard to the

rotective tariff and asserting that the

publican party in Congress means to
stand by that declaration.

The resolutions also declare that in line
with this policy all propositions looking
to any disarrangement of the existing
tariff through concessions to Cuba be in-
definitely postponed.

The Steering Committee appointed by
the conference made its report and an-
nounced that a majority of the Republican
members of the House were pledged against
the concessions proposed by the Ways and
Means Committee, and with this confi-
dence it was agreed that at to-morrow
night’s caucus a vote be had if possible on
that and all other propositions pending or
offered.

The Steering Committee was directed
to reach, if possible, an amicable arrange-
ment with the supporters of the Ways
and Means Committee for taking a vote
on the various propositions at 10 o'clock
to-morrow night.

The members of the conference expressed
absolute confidence this evening that they
would be able to defeat the proposed con-
cessions to Cuba at to-morrow night's
caucus and that the motion to indefinitely
postpone the matter would be carried.

VICTIMS OF A TIDAL WAVE.
Steamer Brings

Details of the Disaster
in Central America.

San Francisco, March 10.—The Pacific
Mail Company's steamer Newport, from
Central American and Mexican ports, to-
day brings tho firat detaile of the terrible
disaster between La Libertad and a point
thirty miles north of Acajutila. Farly on
the morning of March 4, without warning,
a tidal wave swept over all that length
of coast, and when the Newport sailed for
San Francisco, fifty-three bodies had
already been recovered and buried. No
estimate of the full loss of life could he
made. The wave went entirely over the
barriers built along the coast, and swept
the towns of La Libertad and Acajutla

“There seems to have been not the slight-
est warning of the disaster,” says an officer
of the Newport, “There had been some
heavy weather along the coast, but nothing
that would warrant such a terrific wave.
The only thing that will account for it is
some great volcanic eruption far out at sea.
The wave rolled in like a mountain and there
was no break to it until striking the beach
when it swept over the embankments cover-
ing them to a height of five feet, completely
inundating the whole coast and almost
wiping out all the smail_buildings in La
Libertad and Acajutia. Whon we left the
work of recovering the bodies had only just

 

 

begun, while nothing at all had been done |

in the way of repairing the Gamage, except
replacing the fresh water plant at Acajutia.”

 

Billy Rice Buried After Fleven Days,

Hor Sprinos, Ark., March 10.—After
lying for eleven days in an undertaking

shop here the body of “Billy” Rice, the |

minstrel, was buried to-day. A driz-
gling rain fell and not a mourner followed
the y. He was buried with an appro-

t clors’

tsetse
sai ee tae ainaeneaesieeeT ENE

M’CULLAGH DEPUTY SHOT DOWN.

Dying of a Divekeeper's Bullet Fired on
the Bowery.

Lester Bennett, one of Supt. McCullagh's
election deputies, was shot last night by
the manager of an East Side saloon and
in all probability will die of his wound.
The shooting was done by Abraham Kutner
of 8 Delancey street, manager of the saloon
at 11 Bleecker street, which is of unsavory
reputation even for a Powery resort.
Kutner is under arrest.

His saloon has been so often visited by
McCullagh’s men and by anti-vice officers
that Kutner apparently got it into his head
that he was being hounded. He applied
a vile epithet to Supt. MoCullagh last night
and Bennett resenting it was shot down.

Late yesterday afternoon Kutner quar-
relled with two men who were drinking
in the Bleecker street saloon, Kutner
prides himself on his ability as a “scrapper,”
and he promised the men that if they would
go out on the sidewalk he would “do” them
both. The men accepted the invitation,
but while Kutner was proceeding to
carry out his boast Policeman Hogan of
Headquarters came aloag and arrested
all three.

Kutner was bailed out about 7 o'clock.
Walking back along the Bowery to his
saloon he met Bennett. He was still greatly
excited over the events of the afternoon
and the sight of Bennett, who was active
at election time in getting evidence against
colonizing places on the lower East Side,
was too much for him.

Walking beside Bennett, Kutner began
to revile him. The deputy took no notice.
At Bleecker street Kutner, still dogging
Bennett, met Policeman Robert Binning
of the Mercer etreet precinct, who knew
both men. Halting in front of the police-
man, Kutner, pointing to the deputy, asked
excitedly:

“What do you think of these blankety
blank blanks? They try to. do me up right
along. Because of them I r a punch
in the jaw this afternoon. think that
man McCullagh is a ——.”

“I've a good mind to punch you for saying
that,” retorted Bennett.

Binnings says that on this Kutner menged
back and put his hand in his right hip
pocket, Neither gene «| nor nnett
thought that he was reaching for a pistol,
but quick as a flash he whipped out a re-
volver and proseng it against Bennett's
abdomen, pulled the trigger.

Bennett dropped instantly and Kutner
ran across the Bowery toward Second
street, throwing the revolver away. Bin-
nings pursued and caught him on the
Second street corner. Bennett as he lay
on the sidewalk identified him as the man
who had shot him.

Binning handed Kutner over toanother
policemes and called an ambulance from
St. Vincent's Hospital for Bennett.
Dr. Shaw who came with the ambulance
stopped the flow of blood from the woun
to some extent and took Bennett away.
At the hospital, it was said last night that
the deputy could hardly recover, Late
last night a Coroner was sent for to take
his ante-mortem statement, but Bennett
was too {Il to make one.

Kutner was locked up in the Mercer
street station. He refused to make any
statement to the police, Sergt. Walling
endeavored both by messen aor and b
telephone to get into communication wit
District Attorney Jerome, but was unable
to do so.

Soon after his arrival at the hospital
Bennett told one of the doctors that he had
been shot by a man who he had supposed
was a friend of his.

“We had been drinking together during
the day,” said Bennett, “and I think the
shooting waa @ put-up job to get me out
of the way to prevent me giving testimony
in a case that is coming up to-morrow.”

 

 

HOTEL WELLINGTON.
Only Did Damage in One Room— Guests
Badly Frightened.

Two boys who were passing the Hotel
Wellington at Fifty-fifth street and Seventh
avenue at 9:40 o'clock last night saw smoke
coming from the thirteenth, the top floor
of the hotel. They ran in and notified
the clerk, C. Hull Anderson, who sounded
the fire alarm in the hotel.

There was some excitement among the
guests, all of them leaving their rooms and
hurrying downstairs to the office. Sev-
eral of the guests refused to wait for the
elevators, which were kept running, and
went down by the stairs.

A hall boy called the engines from a
fire box on the corner, The firemen rode
in the elevators to the top floor. Then
they pulled up the hose by means of a rope
and turned on the water.

The fire was in a room which was boing
fitted up for servanis. It was confiner
to that room and did about $200 damage.

Plumbers had been working in the room
during the day. It is not known how the
fire started.

BLAZE IN

 

REVIVAL CLOSES A SCHOOL.

 

Pupils Began to Pray and Sing —- Worked
Stopped and Fifteen Converted,

SeLINA, Ind., March 10.--A revival has
been in progress at the Methodist Episco-
pal Church for some time and in the list
of new conversions there were several
of the High School pupils, While the
school was getting down to the opening
work to-day the newly converted students
began praying and singing. The teachers
endeavored to restore quiet but failed.

The pupils from the various rooms in
the building began congregating and books
and lessons were quickly put aside. Thena
mourners’ bench war constructed and a
student hastily despatched for a minister.
Three ministers responded, with several
church workers. A meeting was soon
in progress and before the school was
dismissed fifteen students had become con-
verted and were shouting like mad.

The church people consider it a t
triumph. The school will stay closed
until the pupils become calmer.

 

 

 

TORNADO AND WATERSPOUT,

 

Iowa Farms Damaged, but No Loss of Life
—Rock Island Tracks Washed Out,

BaRTLett, Ia., March 10.—Black clouds,
which had been circling around for some
hours, suddenly took on the funnel-shape
of the tornado at 8 o'clock this afternoon
and started toward the northeast, sweep-
ing past this town by only a few hundred
yards,

One mile from here the residence and all
outhouses of H. M. Halloway were com-
pletely destroyed. All stock in the barn
at the time were killed. The family, seeing
the tornado approaching, took refuge in
a storm cellar and were saved, Two other
farmhouses were destroyed but without
loss of life

Ten miles from here, at Oakland, the
tornado had changed into a waterspout
and the Rock Island tracks were washed
out for several miles. Traffic on that road
is seriously delayed.

 

Negro Lynched In Arkanens.
LittL® Rocx, Ark., March 10.—A tele-
gram from Foreman, little River county,
save that a negro giving the name of Horace
MeCoy was lynched there at 11 o*clock last
gighe for assaulting Mrs. John Lemons

 

 

 

 

; MARCH | 1 s 1902.—copvrions 1902, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

COL. GAYNOR IS IN QUEBEC.

GREENE WITH HIM—WON'T TALK
OF THEIR PLANS.

 

 

Openly Registered at the Chateau Fron-
tenac, and Gaynor Says Anybody Hav-
ing Business With Him Knows Where
to Find Him— Wife Joined Him Sunday.

QveEBeEc, March 10.—Col. John F. Gaynor
of New York, who is wanted by the Fed-
eral authorities on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government at Savannah
and whose bail there has been declared
forfeited, is here staying at the Chateau
Frontenac. He arrived two or three days
ago and was joined here yesterday by his
wife. Capt. B. D, Greene, his partner,
who is under the same charge, is also here.

This is by no means Gaynor’s frst visit
to Quebec. He is well known and has many
friends here in banking and other circles
and was here a month ago for the winter
carnival.

He received Tuk Sun correspondent cour-
teously to-day but declined to speak concern-
ing his future movements. To all inquiries
respecting his probable return to the United
States or a trip to Europe, he would only
reply that he was openly registered at the
hotel, so that anybody having business
with him knew where to find him. He
added: ‘‘My partner, Capt. Greene, is also
here with me.”

StramProrD, Conn., March 10.—Capt. B. D.
Greene, who, with Col. Gaynor of New York,
is being sought by Secret Service men,
was here last week. He came here a week
ago on Sunday and spent the day at Rock
Hill, his country place.

Capt. Greene was in consultation with
his former superintendent while here.
He imstructed him to sell Rock Hill if poesi-
ble, and at that time said that he did not

intend to stard for trial. Since than
nothing has been seen here of Capt.
Greene. Rock Hill is an extensive farm

of about 240 acres, on which have been
erected without regard to cost as fine a
dairy as there is in the State and a hand-
some residence. Capt. Greene was his own
architect and spa no expense in having
his ideas carried out, His cattle are the
best money could procure.

The property was purchased before the
O. M. Carter scandal was disclosed, Carter
and Col. Gaynor spent much of their time
on the farm and there were many merry
house jartics there. After the disclosure
Capt. Greene spent much of his time at
Rock Hill. He was seldom “at home,”
though, and had it given out that he was
in Europe, when y he was at the farm.
When the Carter case first came up he
secured a mortgage of $24,000 on his prop-
erty here from the Stamford Trust Com-
pony. He gave another mortgage for

600 on the same property in October,
1900, to Luther Laflin Kel os of New York,
a member of the firm of Kellogg & Rose,
who have been counsel for Capt, Greene
and Col. Gaynor.

Capt. Greene's wife and daughter are
living in London.

PLEADING IN GAYNOR CASES.

 

 

Defendants Now fn Savannah Must Show
Themselves Twice a Day.

SAvannag, Ga., March 10,—Judge Emery
Speer announced this morning in the United
States Court that hereafter William T.
and E. H. Gaynor would be required to re-
port to the United States Marshal twice a
day, and that if they should fail to do so they
should be taken into custody. The Judge
said further that should any one of the at-
torneys for B. D. Greene or John F, Gaynor
get into communication with his clien's he
would be much obliged if they would urge
upon them the propriety of a prompt ap-
pearance on March 17, when the conspiracy
case is to be tried on its merits.

The Court announced that should the de-
fendants appear on Monday next he would
treat their bond with a degree of liberality,
The argument on the demurrer to the second
indictment was continued this morning at
10 o'clock. Judge Speer overruled the
demurrer on all grounds, After the over-
ruling of the demurrer Attorney W. G.
Chariton presented a special plea in bar,
which he asked the Court to try before the
case on its merits was reached. The Court
reserved his decision on this question until
the day on which the case is set for trial,

Mr. Charlton then entered a plea of not

iilty for all of the defendants it being un-

lerstood that this was done without preju-
dice to the plea in bar

It is estimated that Greene and Gay.> |

have paid out in attorneys’ fees more nan
$100, since the Government gv. after
them, They have employed four urms of
attorneys at one time for severa’ months,
and there has not been a time within the past
two years when their lawyers’ fees were not
very large.

 

SAMMY WALKED SIDEWISE.
Joke for the Youngsters tn the Newsboys’
Home,bnt Not for Sammy.

Sixteen-year-old Sammy Broome, who
lives at the newsboys’ lodging house in
Fast Forty-fourth street, was taken to
Bellevue Hoepital last night suffering from
a stiffened knee, the result of inflamma-
tion of the glands between the joints, caused
by a fall. The boy's right leg was drawn
backward, so that he was compelled to
hobble along sidewise, like a crab. The
two newsboya who took him to the hos-
pital drag him into the office.

“Hello, Doc,” said one of them, “we
brought around Broome, de human crab.
He walked backward all de way to de hos-

ital. Hey, Broome, give de doctor a ex-
1ibition.”

*'Taint on no funny bone,” said Broome,
“it's on me kneecap, and dat’s no joke,
De bunch up in de newsboys’ says if I don't

git it hammered straight I could die in er |

night .
All right,” said the doctor, “we'll take
care of you.”

He had to chase the other bors away.
They wanted to «*e the “human crab” walk
again, they said.

SUSAN BR. ANTHONY

Plans in Rochester to Celebrate Her Etghty-
second Birthday Are Cancelled.

Rocuester, March 10.—It was decided
to-night, at a meeting of those most in-
terested held at the Anthony homestead
here, that owing to the illness of Miss Susan
B. Anthony, at the home of her niece in
Philadelphia, the banquet in honor of her
eighty-second birthday, preparations for
which have been elaborately planned, be
cancelled.

 

TLL.

Miss Anthony went to Philadelphia last |

week with her niece, Mrs. Louise Mosher
James, and Saturday went to bed threat-
ened with pneumonia, Telegrams = re-
ceived to-day by Miss Mary Anthony an-
nounce improvement, but say that the
phyricians in attendance say Mies Anthony
must not return to Rochester's changeable
climate before the let of May

Besides the poetponement of the birth-
day banquet, exercises scheduled for to-
morrow at Bryn Mawr are given up and
several affairs planned for later this month
in New York

Burnett's Cocoaine
the Hair, and renders

 

rometes the growth
dark and ag

 

 

}and Canais

 

TWO DEAD MEN ON A RAFT.

 

Dressed in Soldiers’ Clothes— Picked Up
Off Sands Point, tn the Sound,

Hugh Reynolds, a boatman of Port Wash-

ington, L. I., found a raft off Sands Point

yesterday bearing two dead men clad in
United States Artillery uniforms and army
coate from which the regimental numbers
had been torn. One man was lying in
the middle of the raft. The other's head
hung over in the water, his body being
held on the raft by a wire which he had
wound around his leg and attached to the
raft.

The man in the middle of the raft looked
as if he had been beaten with a club, The
waves, however, might have been the cause
of the bruises on his face and body.

Reynolds towed the raft ashore and the
bodies were taken to a morgue at Port
Washington. There they were searched,
and on the man who had been in the middle
of the raft was found a letter addressed
to “Corcoran” and signed by a Mrs. Hughes
of 2814 Firat avenue, Manhattan, who ap-
peared from the letter to be his sister.

It was thought at Port Washington that
the men were soldiers attached probably
to Fort Schuyler, from which it was sur-
mised they had escaped on the raft with
the intention of going to West Chester,
but had been carried across by the strong
wind.

WIRELESS TELEGRAPH IN TEXAS

 

E. H. BR. Green to Use the System at Once
on His Railroad There.

Dauias, Tex., March 10.—E. H. R. Green,
son of Mrs. Hetty Green and President of
the Texas Midland Railway, to-day received
a telegram from Washington announcing
the award to him of a patent on his system
of wireless telegraphy, which he will at
once put in operation on his railroad line.
Signal stations are to be erected at Ennis
Terrell and Greenville, and reports com-
municated also to Mr. Green at his special

Dallas headquarters.

Some important material is expected
to arrive from Sootland within the next
thirty days, and then Mr. Green will ex-
pand his operations, probebly conducting
them from Dallas. r. Green says the
Texas Midland will be the first rallroad
in the world to use the Marconi telegraph
system.

 

CROWDS STICK TO BRIDGE.

 

Plan to Turn Traffic Ferryward Didn't

Work Well First Day.

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company,
following its announcement last week,
ran no Fifth avenue trolley cars to the
Bridge yesterday. All cars were sent,
instead, to the Fulton, South and Hamilton
ferries. The change was made by way
of experiment, and if traffic warrants, other
lines will be run direct to the ferries and
traffic diverted from the Bridge.

Little difference was observed in the
crowds at the ferries. People who have
ridden on the surface cars used the ele-
vated or transferred for Bridge cars. Some
who did this grumbled. Little or no change
was perceptible at either South or Hamil-
ton ferries.

“SUICIDE HALL” CLOSED.

McGurk’'s Notorious Bowery Dive Shat for
Good This Time, It's Said.

McGurk's “Suicide Hall,” the notorious
dive at 205 Bowery closed its doors tight at
1 o'clock this morning. It was then an-
nounced that the place had closed forever.

It was said there that Acting Capt. Church-
ill of the Fifth street police station had
watched the place so carefully that it had
been impossible for the resort to make any
money recently.

McGurk had not been running the place
for some time, the alleged proprietor bein

one George Schneider. nis is the thir
of the old McGurk places to shut down
in a week because of police activity.

 

 

 

Farthquake Shock in Hagerstown, Md.

Hacerstown, Md., March 10. — Two
shocks, supposed to have been caused
by an earthquake, were felt in the east
end of this city to-day. The first shock
was noted about midnight and the second
at 6:30 o'clock this morning.

 

Gov. Odell in Washington.

Wasninaton, March 10.—Gov. Odell of
New York was a visitor at the House this
morning and renewed acquaintance with
his former associates on the floor. He
aleo visited the Senate and held an im-
promptu reception in the rear of the
chamber.

Gov. Odell of New York, was the guest
of President Roosevelt at dinner this even-
ing. Other guests at the table were: The
Secretary of War, the Attorney-General,
the Postmaster-General, Senator Hanna,
Senator Lodge, Representatives Wads-
worth and Sherman of New York and Mr.
Graeme Stewart.

Six Princeton Students Held for Trial.

Trenton, N. J., March 10—Twelve
Princeton students, arrested three weeks
ago for painting the Trenton Battle Monu-
ment and numerous dwellings about the
city, were arraigned in Mercer Court to-
day, having been indicted for malicious
mischief by the grand fury. Six pleaded
non vult and were held in $1,500 each on
fifteen are indictments. The remain-
ing six pleaded not guilty and the cases
against them were dismissed. The six
held were D. G@. Wylie, Charles Richards,
James Smith, Robert Pettit, Osborne Cur-
tis and J. D. Towne

 

Isle of Safety Where MMible House Stands.

The Greenwich Local Board of Improve-
mente has decided to recommend to the
Board of Estimate the adoption of the
Rapid Transit Commission's plan to build
a plaza on the east side of Fourth avenue,
between Eighth and Ninth streets, where
the Bible House now stands, with an “isle
of safety” in the centre of the plaza. The
cost of the property will be about $700,000
or $800,000

 

 

 

Bishop O'Gorman on Philippine Land Board.

Sioux Fauis, 8. D., March 10.—Offcial
notification of the appointment by
President of Bishop Thomas O'Gorman
of South Dakota as a member of the com
mittee to negotiate with the Pope the pur-
Chase of the friars’ lands in the Philippines
was received here to~lay. Gov. ete
heads the commission and Judge Smith
of the Supreme Court at Manila is the other
member.

Tunnel ill Reported Paverably.
TRENTON, N J., March 10.-
Tunnel! bill, introduced by Senator MoCar-
ter to enable the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company to construct the New Jersey

portion of its tunnel under the Hudson |

River, was reported favorably in the Senate
to-night by the Committee on
The bill will probably pass
the Senate this week.

 

latest Marine Intelligence.

Se. Aller, Gibraltar, March 2; Chatte-

Arrived
Savannabd, Marc bs

Boocbe«

 

the |

The East River |

Railroads |

Toespay, Mancn 11, 1902.
Partly cloudy to-day; probably rain

to-morrow,

 

—— =

PRICE TWO CENTS.

BOERS CAPTURE GEN, METHUEN

BRITAIN SMOCKED BY ANOTHER
SEVERE DEFEAT,

 

 

Two Officers and Thirty-eight Men Killed
and Many Prisoners Taken by Gen.
Delarey— Boers Dressed in British
Untforms— Methuen’s Thigh Shattered
—His Previous Disaster— British Hu-
millated, but Deterinined to Go On.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Lonvon, March 10.—A feeling akin to
that created during the memorable week
of disasters early in the South African
war has been aroused by the news of the cap-
ture of Gen, Lord Methuen and the rout
of his column. There can be traced in
many quarters the aame sense of indigna-
tion and humiliation that was so prominent
then, as well as a setting of teeth and an
increased determination not to be deterred
in the main aim,

Earl Roberts's appeal for a suspension
of judgment on Gen, Methuen is generally
accepted without hesitation; indeed, sym-
pathy for Gen, Methuen personally seems
to outweigh in some quarters considera-
tion of the military effects of his reverse
His popularity is unquestionable, and ex-
cuses are readily made in his case which
have not been extended to some others
who are, perhaps, more deserving. Gratifi-
cation is accordingly expressed that he
has fallen into the hands of Gen. Delarey,
who is regarded as being a humane man
and who, it is believed, is certain to treat
him well.

It is hardly to be expected that the
British at home will be at all impressed
with the idea that any military credit is
due to Gen. Delarey, and the success of his
tactics almost escapes notice in the chorus
of stern disgust over the disaster that has
befallen the British arms

KITCHENER'S MESSAGE OF REGRET.

The War Office received the first news of
Lord Methuen's defeat in the following
despatch from Lord Kitchener on Saturday:

“IT greatly regret to have to send you
bad news about Lord Methuen. He was
moving with 900 mounted troops under
Major Paris and 300 infantry and four guns
and one pompom from Wynburg to Licht-
enburg. He was to meet Col. Grenfell
with 1,900 mounted troops at Pooirantjes-
fontein on March 8.

“Yesterday morning early he was attacked
by Delarey's commando between Twee-
bosch and Palmietkuil. The Boers charged
from three sides.

“Five hundred and fifty British mounted
men have come into the line at Maribogo
and Kraaipan. They were pursued for four
miles from the scene of the action and re-
port that Methuen’s guns and baggage
were captured and that Methuen when last
seen was a prisoner.

“I have no details of the casualties, but
will keep you informed. I would suggest
your delaying publication till I can send
you definite news, I had already arranged
to send troops to this district and think
that this sudden revival of activity on the
part of Delarey is in order to draw off the
force pursuing DeWet.”

“BOER ATTACK AT DAYLIGRT.

A second despatch from Kitchener,
dated Sunday, says: “Major Paris, the
officer commanding Methuen's mounted
troops,- has come into Kraaipan with
the remainder of hismen. He reports
that the column was moving with a convoy
of ox wagons, which left Tweebosch at
8 o'clock in the morning, the mule wagons
starting an hour later. Just after dawn
the Boers attacked. Before reinforcements
could reach the British the rear guard broke

“Meantime a largenumber of Boers were
galloping up on both flanks, These were
at first checked by flank parties, but a
panio and stampede of the mules began.
All the mule wagons, mixed up with the
mounted men, rushed past the ox wagons.
The efforts to check them were unavailing.

“Major Paris collected some forty men
and occupied a position a mile in front of
the ox wagons, which were then halted.
After a gallant but useless defence the
enemy rushed the ox wagons.

“Methuen was wounded in the thigh.
Paria Waa surrounded and surrendered at
10 A. Sf. Methuen is still in the Boer camp."

Later despatches announced that the
four guns had been captured, that two
officers and thirty-eight men had been
killed and that eighteen officersanda large
number of men were missing. The officers
killed were Lieuts. G. R, Venning and
T. P. W. Nesham of the Royal Artillery,
who fell while servingthelr guns

As Kitchener announces that Major
Paris surrendered and then says he has
reached Kraaipan, it is probable that the
Boers released him and some of his men.

ROERS DRESSED IN BRITISH UNIFORMS,

In a despatch dated Pretoria to-day
Gen. Kitchener sends the following sum-
mary of the latest reports of the disaster:

“Gen. Methuen's ox convoy, escorted
by half his force, etarted an hour in ad-
vance of the mule convoy. The enemy
made a sudden flanking and enveloping
attack from the rear. The first disorder
was occasioned by the native boys with
the led horses galloping through the mule
convoy as the latter was endeavoring to
comply with Gen. Methuen's directions
to close on the ox convoy. This disorder
in the mule convoy communicated itself
to the mounted troops, and Boers dressed
in khaki riding along the wagons frustrated
all attempts of the officers to rally their
men.

“Great ‘confusion ensued among this
portion of the mounted troops, a d they
and the mule wagons, galloping three miles
beyond the ox wagons, were cut in sections.
The Fourth and Thirty-eighth batteries
fought with great gallantry. Three hun-
dred of the Northumberland Fusiliers and
Loyal! North Lancashire Regiment showed
conspicuous courage in protecting the
wagons, refusing to surrender until re-
sistance was useless

“Delarey's force were almost all dressed
{in our uniform, which made it imp ssible

| for the infantry to distinguish between our

men and the enemy when the mounted

| troops were driven in on them.

“The enemy numbered 1,500 men, with
a 15-pounder and a pompom. Delarey,
Celliers, Kemp Vermass, Tromp and other
Boer commanders were present

“Gen. Methuen was seen by an agent
of the Intelligence Department well cared
for in his own wagon. By a private tele-
gram I find that his thigh is fractured,
but he is reported to be doing well.

“A message has been received saying

Fvery mile between New York and B and
Niacera Falis is not only beaut! a ‘
Bistoric interest and on at Sed pa od

as you travel by the New Yor

 

ete aI

Ree ee

~~

a
SS

wt ten:

ae neon

a rs

anes’ ee em ose upset”

DED
Se eteh aetna

eS Sad

a

=