—_—————

VOL LXVIL—NO, 275

7

 

BOERS BACK OF ROBERTS?

 

gis COMMUNICATIONS CUT, LORENZO
MARQUES HEARS.

No Official News Recetved From Him in Leon-
don-Gen. Baller’s Commaantications With
Derban Also Said to Have Been Cut--Hard
Fighting at Lindley Needed to Bxtricate
the Yeomanry—Brabant Reported in Diim-
\eulties—Panic Among Burghers at Pretoria.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lorenzo Margves, June 1 Official Boor
cews has been received here to the effect that
the commun cations of the main British Army
have been cut near Vaal River Heavy fight-
tug is reported at Elandsfontein.

The Boers have reentered the northeastern
part of the Orange Free State and are engaged
pear Ventersburg and Harrismith,

Direct communieation with Durban has been
broken. Pres d nt Kriger’s son-in-law, Frie-
Bie Floff, and the President's physician, Dr
Hoevmann, have arrived at Lorenzo Marques,

Loxpox, June There is not a word of
news concerning South Africa from ofMoejat
sources, and there is practically nothing from
oiler sources except fit Sun's despatch ‘rom
Preoria, Which is the main feature in all the
London papers. Curiosity is expressed as to
the interpretation to be put upon the reference
in this despateh to the arrival at Pretoria of
prisouers from a fight near Lindley

tr js surmised trat it refers to an engage-
ment betweenGen, Rundle and a Boer force on
May 28, four miles northeast of Senekal, This
was followed on May 20 by an advance and an
attack oon the Boers’ right) flank, which
placed them between Gen. Rundle and Seneval
Tho Boers made a plucky stand, They had two
ginsandapom, om. The action assumed con-
eiderable proportions, the fighting continuing

9

 

giday. Further flehting on May 30 led to the
Bitish reocenpatio of Lindl y,

The Telege.pa's corres por dent at Senekal, in
@ espateh dated Wedne day, deseribes Gen,
Rundle’s fighting on Tuesday as being heavier
{hun was at rst supposed, He refers to it as
evecting the release of the Yeomanry ata

wd priew,” but how the Yeomanry were in
@ feulties is not expliined

‘loadds that all the wounded are now {) the
howital. Several men were severely burned in
veldt tires. ile gives iy Instances of h-ro-
i, the inen going back again through the
fiomes and hail of bullets to rescue the
wou ded

When the roll was called it was discovered
that some wounded were «till lying near the
borning grass. Twenty men threw down their
rilesand, ied by a Lieutenant, ran back into the
flumes and bronght out a number cf the
wounded men. They were under fire all the
thie

On Wednesday morning the Boers sent a re-
Guest under a white flag for a doctor to altend
Commandant De Villiers, who was badly
vounded Gen. Rundle sent a doctor and a
bottle of champarne. The messenger saw
that fifty Boers had been killed by shrapnel
aid many wounded. The Boers fought well,
Gisproving the report that they wanted no
more hostilities.

The corr spoudent adds that Gen, Rundle
must probably make another movement to
extricate Gen, brabant's foree, whieh at Ficks-
burg on Tuesday lost two officers and forty
men gaptured
_ An undated despatch to the Telegraph from
Mafeking. sent by way of Kimberley on Thurs
diy, says that; art of Col. Mahon's relief col-
unn is leaving to join Gen. liunter’s main
forceat Maribogo Junetion, where they were
expected to arrive Thursday. The combined
force will then probably advance to Lich-
tenbure,

sceording to a despatch from Vereeniging,
dted May 27, none of the Free State Boers
crossed the Vaal River, President Steyneanda
certain number of his followers are reported to
have fled to Vrede,

LORD ROSEBERY DISAPPOINTING,

He Fails to Meet Expectations by a Formal
Declaration of ts Views,
Srecia’ Cavie Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpos, dune 2-—-Creat expectations were
aroused in political cireles, especially In view of
the increasing belief that a general election Will
be held in October, by an announcement that
Tord Rosebery would muke a definite declora-
tion of his vi ws in to-day's Weatern Daily Mer-
evry. His letter, however, is disappointing.

Trlegins with congratulations to the paper
on its fortieth anniversary, andasayvs: “At this
renarkable moment it feds fretion annibilated
by the war {tn “hich creat mass ot the na-
tion desires to stand shoulder to shonlder, for
war, Withallits curses, may ultimately bring
bl ssing, may trace a nation, may mould ana-
ton, inay unite a nation, and must make a
Dilton take stock of itsel! and examine its de-
ficiencies,”

Lord Rosebery refers to the supreme value of
tie funetion of the press in suc) circumstances
Wien it most divest itself of mere ecatchwords
andimpu.ses of party andeducate the people
without fear or partiality, when it must be
Prepared to diseard obsolete  shibboleths,
tearch out abuse, disre@ rd persona, be instant
{y pres ing for refcrins, social, educational and
Administ: ative, and, if need be constitutional,
aud regard with some appreciation the dea-
Unies and responsibilities of empire He con-
tines:

“All stand atthe partingof the ways, Will
Great Britain flinch and flter in her worid-
Wide task? How is she best to pursue it?
What new forces and inspirations will she
heed? What changes are involved in these
Questions, which require clear foresight, cool
Courage and freedom from formula?”

Commenting on the Jetter, the Morning Poat
favs that though Lord Rosebery has much of
the character of mind of a leader he does not
lid. He asks questions, but does not give
repiles

be

UNWILLING BRITISH CITIZENS.

An Afrikander Protest Against the Annexa-
tlon of the Orange Free State,
“pecial Cable Despaiches to THE SUN
From TH SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town.

Care Tows, May 31. -The Ona Land, the
Afrikander onan, seve in regard to the anexa-
tion by Great Britain of the Orengé Free State
that it cannot econcratulate the Free Staters on
tir ir bew citizenship, They are now citizens
& ah empire whieh required 250,000 men to
Crush two small republics, The annexation
Droclamation issued by Gen, Roberts wins
Subjects but not hearts, It will be respected
Only while foree compels respect, Experience
has proved that Great Britain treats her Dutch
Ond her English subjects unequally. Notwith-
Standing the proclamation Afrikander national-
ity will continire to grow,

; The paper proceeds to attack Prime Minister
Schireiner's cooperation with Gov. Sir Alfred
mu er and quotes the saving of Cecil Rhodes
that the “Schreiner Ministry serves our purpose
better than @ progressive one.”

The circulation of One Land has bean forbidden
Mn the Britstown and Prieska districts, which
tre under martial law

C\PR Town, May 81. The People's Congross
opened at Graaf Reinet to-day with an atten-
dance of 800 deleg.tes. Mr. de Villier, a
brother of the Chief Justice, presided. Mrs,
Cronwright Schreiner, @ elster of the Prime
Ministor, and several members of the Cape
House were in attendance, A resolution was
‘dopted to the effect that the Congress repre-

fan majority of the residents of Cape

 

te

rir ren st ests senna

 

DEMORALIZATION OF THE BOERS.

Preparations te Abandon Pretoria en the
Appreach of the Hritish.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
From THE SUN's Correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretoria, May 2, evening, by messenger to
Lorenzo Marques, June 1, 12:30 A.M.—A panto
seems to have ssized a large number of the
burghers. The Generals are doing their utmost
to rally the men of the fighting commandos,
but the numbors of the British troops are too
overwhelming to be opposed.

1 do not believe that any defence of Pretoria
will be made, Under the present circumstances
it would involve a reckless waste ‘of life and
destruction of property.

President Kriger and State Secretary Reitz
will probably leave for Lydenburg to-morrow.
The last meeting of the Executive*Council was
held at the Presidency this afternoon. Matters
of vast Import were under discussion

James Smith, the Philudelphia District Tele
graph messenger, presented an address from
30,000 American school children to Mr. Kriiger
to-day. The Presidevt made an impressive
reply. He looked greatly worn. The boy was
introduced to him by Richard Harding Davis,
the newspaper corre-pondent.

Railway communication lias Leen out off with
Johannesburg since noon to-day, when the last
train got through,
miston.

I1 is reported that looting ona large scale is
proceeding on the Land to-day.

Transveal engineers to-day destroyed the
bridge at Elandsfontein Junction. Communi-
cation with Volksrust is reported to be dis-
turbed. The British are reported to be at Plat
Kop, close to Sanderton.

Forty additional prisoners arrived here at
noon to-day,

There is tremendous excitement here and a
vigilance committee is being formed to guard
the town. Cannonading in the vicinity of
Johannesburg, east of the Rand, was plainly
heard this afternoon, The burghers are
returning here by thousands.

LonpoN, June 1-A despatch to a news
agency from Lorenzo Marques, dated vesterday,
says that the uuthorities of the Netherlands
Railway Company have issued a« notice that
the line has been reopened and that goods will
be accepted for all stations on the Transvaal
system,

Newcastir, Natal, May 31.—There has been
a general dispersal of the Boers in this district.
Large numbers of the burghers surrender
daily, Trustworthy reports say that the Boers
are totally demoruliz*d

 

 

Ii was fred om near Uer-

 

TNE QUEEN TO MR. CHAMBERLAIN.

Congratulations Upon the Occupation of
Johannesburg British Casualties.
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN

Lonpos, June 1. The Queen has telegraphed
her congratulations to Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain on the “joyful news of the occu-

pation of Johannesburg.) a

The Central News says ‘that Mr. Joseph H.
Choate, the American Ambassedor, has re-
c ived two messages irom Mr. Adelbert 8. Hay,

 
 

 

HIS KLOOD FOR A PRICE,

a—_—_—_—_——

QUEER OFFER OF A MAN IN DEEP
DISTRESS FOR MONEY.

He and His Wife Are Starving, So He Writes
te Supt. O'Rourke of Bellevue Offering
His Blood to Any Anwmic Person Who Can
Pay for It-Not a Fakir, bat tn Dire Straits,

In the mail of Supt. O'Rourke of Bellevue,
yesterday, was a letter, and the Superin'eudeut
said it was the queervst of many queer con-
munications he had received {n his tine:

203 WEST 08TH STREET,
“New York (ry, May 31, 1900

“Dwar Sir: Tama young married man,25 vears
of age, and In excellent health. Unfortunately I
am badly in need of money with which to
provide some of the necessaries of life to my
wife and myself until lcan commence work at
@ position promised to me next week. 5

‘I write to vou (perhaps foolishly) to ascertain
whether you havein your paying wards some
anmmiated(?) aged or feeble person i! concitiot
that he or she would pay from $15 to $20
for a suitable amount of free’ blood by
which they could be invigorated.

“} am temperat’, vigorous, and [ain quite
sure that my blood is 1: good condition,
1 pawned my wi'e’s wedding ring yesterday,
80 1 trust you will perceive the urgency of my
need

“Sincerely hoping you will favor me with a
speedy repiy, Dam, sit, very respectfully vours,

“Joseew A, REYNOLDS.”

Supt. O'Rourke told the reporters about Key~
nolds's hard luck, ToaSvun reporter who saw
the man last night it didn't seem that he had
exaggerated his distressed financial condition.
Reynolds showed the reporter a bundle of
pawatickets for everything of value he and his
wife owned except a few pieces of furniture
bought on the installment plan and not yet fully
paid for and the clothing that each was
wearing. He explained that he had _ tried
to get money by all honorable means
and had failed He had thought

that some anemic rich man or woman might
be wiaing to pay for good blood, he said, and
had written the letter not expecting that it
would be made public

“Lve been over half the world,"”’ said Rey-
nolds, ‘and Lean work at anything. Twas born
in Boston 23 years ago. When | was fourteen
mv parents died and I was left to hustle for
myself IT went to Great Falls, Mon, and
worked for a few mouths on a ranch Then
I worked in a coal. mine, but
was not strong enongh that sort of

 

for

| work and T returned to Boston and shipped on

the American Consul at Pretoria, announcing |

the capture and subsequ nt release by the
Boers of Lord Cecil Manuers, and also stating
that the Earl of Rossivn, who was acting asa
nows;aper correspondent and had been can-
tured by the burghers, was released on May 30.

The War OMe prints the names of thirty-
three soldiers who died from disease between
May 27 and May 90. It also announces that
thirty-five oMicers have been .dischareed from
varions hospitals as cured, including two
Canadian Lieutenants, R. G Stewart and E. A.
Pelletier, The War Office also announces that
one man was killed, 'wo were wounded and
fifieen are missing from the Imperial Yeomanry
asa result of the fight at Winbure.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S TREASON.

 

Five Years in Prison for Torpey for Grinding
Mealles fer the Boers,
Spectal able Despaich to THR SUN

Newcast Le, Natal, May 31.—An Erelishman
named James Torpey has been sentenced by
the British authorities to serve five years in
prison and to paya fine of £100 for grinding
mealies for the Boers. The charge against him
was (reason.

BRITISH TROOPS

 

SURPRISED.

 

Col. Spence and Fifteen of His Men Killed in
Griqualand West by Rebels.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
CaPE Tows, May 81-—-A number of rebels
surprised a smali body of British troops at
Douglas, Griqualand West. Sixteen of the
British, including thelr commander, Col,
Spence, were killed.

COLORADO WANTS SOME BOERS,

Union Pacific Land Company Will Invite
Kruger to Settle There,

Denver, June 1. President Paul Kruger of
the South Africun Republic and a large colony
of the Boers are to be invited to geitle in
Colorado by the Union Pacific Land Company
which owns more than two million acres in this
State

C, EB, Wantland, agent for the railway com-
pany, left for Washington ast night and will
meet the Boer peace envoys there. The Union
Pavifle officials at Omaha will then be consulted
and a proposition fro thom will be submitted
direct to President Kriiger for his considera-
tion ‘

Prominent citizens of Denver and other parts
of the State have assured the railway company
of favorable action by the coming J exislature
on any measure which may be necessary to
make the colony scheme a success

BOERS ENVOYS OFF FOR BUFPALO.
’

They Make a Stop at Springfield, Mass., and
Declare That the War Will Go On,

SPRINGPIFLD, Mass., June 1.--The Boer peace
envoys arrived in this city from Boston this
afternoon and were cordinily received by a
committee of citizens. They were conducted
to the Massasoit House, where a reception com-
mittee was in waiting, headed by Mayors Hayes
of this city and Chapin of Holyoke, After
greetings luncheon was served, after which
the envoys gave a public reception. Theenvoys
were taken in carringes for a drive about the

city, visite being paid to the United States Arse-
nal, Smith & Wesson’sand the attractive part

of town.

The visitors left at 6 P. M. for Buffalo, Many
flags were displayed in honor of the visitors.
Mr. Wessels expressed gratitude at the recep-
tiona they had met with everywhere they had

been.

“Even if Pretoria falls,” he said, “there are
other places to continue the struggle and it
will be kept up to the last.”

TO SECURE MRS EMMONS BLAINE

 

A Deed of Property in Trast for #155,000
Owed Her by Price & McCormick,

Cuicaco, June 1.—Cyrus H, MeCormick has
recorded en afiidavit stating that the convey-
ance of the building and ground at Nos. 24 and
26 Market street to him, of which a deed was
recorded on the day after the failure of Price,
McCormick & Co. in New York, was not an ab-
solute conveyance, but was only atrust, The
affidavit explains that the trust is for the bene-
fit ot Mrs. Anita McCormick Blaine, bis sister,
widow of ,the late Emmons Blaine, in security
of money to the amount of $185,000 owing her
from Theodore Price and William G. McCor-
mick The deed to the Market street property
was made on Jan. 25, 1896, and was not re
corded until May 26, 1900. Cyrus McCormick
we made the grantee from Wiliam (. MeCor-
mick.

On Here; Of at St. Louis.
Lackawanna Wabash lus

leaves 1 bean aah

after June 2 at
St iouiy $00. neat

 

|

errr serene reeeerrer eersereesrsetreenee screens peeernes=etipseransisseto=ss sass S sess etsessernsisensespsesetonesteenesmeesnsosseeesttenes neopets esnrreenssennstsesonmeibaenth-enenrenisntannae-eissteaney

sailing vessel for England there I enlisted
the Fifth Ro al Lancers, was transferred to
was_in Prince

In the two

a
in
the Seots Guards and finally
Al ert’s Somersetshire Kanwers,
years lL wasin the army I was at Gibraltar,
Morocco and other places around the Medi-
terranean,

“Ty got tired of being a redcoat and the late
Congressmin Klisha Morse of Massachusetts
secured my honorable discharge. On my return
to this country | wrote astory about my ser-
vice in the arniy, calling my stuf “Adventures
of a Yankee Redeoat.”” and a newspaper syndi-
cate bongbtit This supported me fora while,
and when the bottom fell out of that,
wentonawhaler The ship was held in the ice
in Hudson Pay at d we lost the profits of the ex-
petition. Lwasin Da las, Texas, in 1804, and 1
enlisted in the Seventh United States Cavalry
Iwis injured in a long ride with despatches,
was discharged fromthe anny with a pension
of $6.1 month, a friend staked meto co to the
Klondike Lsecured a small elaim, sold it tor
$800 and on this T lived until the Spanish War

roke out. Then Lenlistedunderon assumed
name in the Third United States Cavalry. I
had to enlist underan cssumed name becanse
1 was a pensioner After I had been
with the regimenta month, wrote to the Sees
retary of War and he hod my ame taken off
the roll of pensioners and placed on the regi-
niental roll in place of ny assumed one. The
Third Cavalry went to Cubaand I became an
order'y on the staff of Gen. Shatter. At Sontl-
ago L was wounded inthe leg and was honor-
ably discharged

“Afrer thar T made mv living anyway I
honestly. It was then that { merned m?
who wasa Brooklyn girl, I went into partnar-
ship witha man. to print gvide Looks for
Vorld's Fair in Paris. | went to Paria and got
all theinfor;:ation needed, but when I returned,
afer spending ali mv money, my nartner
failed and all my work was wasted. i've
worked at odd jobs since. When the Tapid

Transit tunnel contracta were lot I went to
John Bo MeDonali, showed him my dis
charge papers from the army and told
him my record. He secured me the promise
of a fob from MeCabe Bros... sibeon-
tractors, and was to have gon’ to

Work two weeks ago, but there was a strike and
ther have been forced to put me off from cay
today Yesterday I received word that I would
oo, go to work a week from Tuesaday

ut now the landiord Is erying for his rent, the
instaliment people are after me and everything
we haveits pawned, I merely wented to wet
some money to tide us over till I vo to wort,
and that’s why I wrote that letter ”

Revnolds showed discharge paners for his
army career He explained to the reporter
that he told the history of his life for fear that
MeCabe ros, reading of his letter to Supt
O'Rourke, would disciarge him, thinking that
he was » crank and a fakir.

WHAT TO DO WITH STH AVE, NOTEL,
No Decision Yet as to Use of the Site—Plans
Drawn for an Office Building.

Regarding the future of the Fifth Avenue
Hotel property subsequent to the time of the ex-
piration of the hotel and theatre leases in 1903,
William P. Eno, the successful bidder for the
property, said last nlght that no definite con-
clusion had been reached, “The problem of the
future disposition of the site is simply to ascer-
tain and decide which uve will result in the
argest rental returns,” said Mr. Eno, “For
that reavon I have had architect Francia Kim-
ball draw preliminary plans and elevations for
a twenty-five story office building for the site.
The designs provide for stores on the around
floor with an arcade running to the three streets,
I myself believe that that neighborhood will be
a great centre for office buildings some day.
From personal inquiries for office room in an
office building near the Fifth Avenne flotel I
learned that high rentais were obtained and
that the offices were well taken. However. Mr.
Kimball's plans were drawn simply that an
estimate of the rental value of such a building
on that site might be figured, A definite de-
cision to build such a structure has not been
made,

“Tf the preeent landlords of the hotel want to
continue their hotel there they can do so, Ido
not donbt that a fine new hotel would be profit-
able there .

“Regarding the stories that a department
store f+ fo he constructed on the hotel site after
the expiration of the lea-ee T ean only sav that
no denartment store intere-t. have approached
me with reference to the matter, T read that
Mr. Wanamaker and Mr, 0° Neill were expected
to bid for the property. but if they did they bid
throvah dicereet brokers, [lowever as the
lease of the hotel does not expire mntil Aug. 1
and that of Hoyt’s Theatre not until October 1,
112. over three vears remain in whieh to form a
decision.”

The officers and Incorporators of the Fifth
Avenue Hotel Land Company, formed since
Mr. Eno purchased the property. are Willlam
P. Eno. President: Dr. Henry Eno, Vice-Pre<i-
dent and Treasurer’ H. 1. Eno, Secretary, and
P. G. Bartlett. of Reed, Simpson, Fletcher &
Barnum, H. L. Eno is a nephew of William P.
Eno. The latter and Dr. Eno are brothers,

HAZEL TO PULL THROUGH?

 

Senators Platt and Depew Supporting His
Nomination at Washington,
Gov. Roosevelt had a very pleasant talk

yesterday with (en. !rancis V. Greene,
who {is to be the new Prsident of the
Republican County Committee. — Prasident
Quigg of the committee has been in

Washington conferring with Senator Platt.
The Sevator will not be in New York until next

Wednesday, when Congress is to adjourn. He
did not come over this week beoause the Senate
Judiciary Committee ix to give a hearing this
fern a the o poainon to the confirma-
tion of the nomination of John R. Hazel
to be United States District deden for
the western part of New York State.
Senator Piattand Senator Depew are giving
this matter their personal attention, Both have
spoken strongly for the confirmation of Mr.
H{nzel, and the opinion was expressed last
night that while the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate will give the opposition the ueual re-
specttul hearing, there ix no doubt about the
confirmation of Mr. Hazel’s nomination.

Chairman Odell of the Ropublican State Com-
mittee !eturned from his long trip through the
Far West yesterday, and was at his home in
Newburgh. Helis expected to bein New York
to-day, and it is just possible that he will runon
to Washington to see Senator Platt.

———_ ae
A New Train to Chicage

via New York Central. Leaves Grong Contes Station
Ae

2:00 P. M., arri ;
See hab ons tase cae

  
 

 

ae ad Tn el

 

SHOT AT DRY POLLAR SULLIVAN,

 

He and George T. Considine Unwilling Par-
tleipants in a Southern Shooting Row.

Hor Sprinas, Ark., Juno 1. Hundreds of
men saw a duel in Happy Hollow this morning
between Edward Hardin, a Deputy United
States Marshal, and Ricker Johnson, a negro
waiter of the Arlington Hotel. Johnson
Quarreled with a waiter in the hotel dining
room anda shooting affray followed. Driven
out of the hotel, Johnson took refuge behinda
telegraph pole. Hardin commanded him to
éurrender, but the negro replied with a bullet.
Ten shois were exchanged and the duelists
were compelled to reload.

Johnson filtted from tree to tree, pursued by
Hardin, each shooting whenever he thought he
had a good chance to bring down his opponent
Thus fighting, Johnson climbed to the mountain
top, a dozen bullets from as many spectators’
pistols whistling after him, but he disappeared,

Senator “Dry Dollar’ Sullivan of New York
and George F. Considine got a bad scare
They were attracted to the street by the shoot-
ing, and Johnson, who was shooting at every-
body insight, turned hia gunon them, Considine
rushed to cover, but “Dry Dollar’ became con-
fused and rushed down the street followed by
bullets as fast as Johnson could pull the trigger
unlii bis revolver was empty a second time

Neither Considine nor Sullivan was armed
and could not reply; hut the negro’s attack on
them brought other spectators to their senses
and before Johnson got out of sight a dozen or
more Were peppering away at him with guns
“Dry Dollar” is complaining of a week heart
to-night.

 

CONFEDERATES ADJOURN.
Buffalo Loses Next Year's Meeting-—-Gen, Gor-
don Embraves Jeff Davis’s Daughter.

Lovisvintne, Ky., June 1. The busines: pro-
ceedings of the Confederate reunion came toa
close to-day. Enthusiasm was unbounded, and
asare ult the old sectional feeling er poed
out in two or three places, The most
noticeable of these was when a resolution was
introduced expressing g atitude and apprecia-
tion of the sentiments expressod by the Army
of the Potomac a’ Fredericksburg recently,
that all sectionalisn: is desiroved. Finally, the
convention
was adopted with only a few diss nung voices

The Sons of Veterans came near toa serious
epi t over a motion introduced last night to use
only the (Confederate tiags in the big parade in-
stend of using the U ited States flag also.
Heated arguinent resulted and a considerable
pert announced that they would refuse to
mareh ucder the United States flag An effort
to table the motion failed, but its opponents
sneceeded in forcing an adjournme t.. During
the night cooler counsel prevailed and to-day
the motion was smothered,

The ovation aceorded the daughter and
grenddaughter of Jefferson Davis was stirring.
After introducing Mrs. Haves as “the worthy
daughter of our beloved and immortal chief-
tian,’ old Gen. Gordon, with @ripning eyes
embraced and kissed her, ond Gen. Cabell and
Judge J. HW Reagan foliowed suit while the
audience yelled like mad The report of the
Board of Trustees of the Confederate Memorial
Association said that contributions fo° the
battle abbey to date aggre ranted $226,437. in-
eluding aeleck from Charles Broadway Rouss
of New York for $100,000) Biseoe Hindman of
Louisville was elvoted Commander-in-Chief of
the United Sons of Confederate Veterans

Interest was elietly centred in the contest
for_the meeting place Early in the day the
Baffalo sien reatized that they were almost out
of the race and that Memphis practically had
the nest reonionwon, When the vote was
taken Memrhis won easily, but after it was
et a resolutiin waa odopted thanking But-
‘alo for her ofer and pledging the 1902 reunion
to th» Northern city

SUSPENDED THE GIRLS,
Niwe students Disciplined for Secking Shelter
From a Ratnstorm.

New Lowpow, Conn, June |. After consid-
erable deliberation on the part of the trustees
of the Williuns Memorial Institute and Mr
Bull, the principal, it was decided at 6
o'clock this evening that the nine young
women who were suspendd for a week
should start in on their studies  ayain
next Monday morning This will have deprived
the girls of four days’ exclusion, instead of six
as Principal Bull intended. The change was
brought about by the influence brought to
bear upon the trustees of the school, One of
the rules of the institution prohibits
any student euvtering the rooms after
sehool hours and no one is allowed to use
the assembly room any time without perinis-
sion. On Saturday last, while nine of the
sincents were engaged in a mame of tennis
with ahelf dozen Bulkley boys, a sudden rain-
storm made the party seek shelter in the base-
ment of the institute. Some one found a
window open that led to the upper rooms, and
soon the whole number were congregated in
the assembly room, haying a glorious time with
plano accompaniin nt, when Principal Bull
suddenly appeared

The action of the voung women, who are
members of the leading families of New Lon-
don, vexed the principal to such an extent
thet he suspended the girls for one week from
their studies. Vour of the party are members
of the e'as: which will sraduate next mont),
and the action of Princinal Bull in interferi «
with their preparations for examination
caused considerable comment. It was currently
reported to-day that unless Pronvipal Bull re-
ceded from the stand he had taken that there
was a liability of the entire school being closed,
The Institute was founded and endowel by the
late Mrs, Harriet P. Wililams of Norwich as a
memorial to her son, Thomas W) Williams, a
whaling merchant, who died forty vears ago,
The cost of the building was about $100,000 and
nearly that amount is invested for maintaining
the school, nk D

TOOK POISON IN PARK ROW.
Soldier Gave the Man an Antidote Promptly,
bat That Didn't Save His Life.

A roughly dressed man attracted the atten-
tion of many persons in front of the Park Row
Building at about 8 o'clock last night by talk-
ing to himself in aloud tone, He spoke Seandi-
navian apparently. Nobody understood what
he said, But when he pulled a bottle from
his pocket and put it to his lips with a dramatic
gesture, everybody at once seemed to catch
the idea that he: was trying to kill himself,
One man fan up to him and knocked the bottle
from his hand, It was too jute, The man
recled over to the curb and fell in a heap in
the gutter,

There were a great many women in the crowd,
as is uetial at that time of night passing between
the Brooklyn Bridge and the Jersey ferries,
and they made a great disturbance, Through
the crowd ran a young fellow who had seen
service in the Spanish war and had spent much
of hia time about the pital tents He
lifted the man's head and detected the rank
odor of carbolic acid that hung over every-
thing; then he ran into the restaiirant in the
building and called for hot milk and soap,
He made soapsuds with the milk and poured
them into the unconscious man's mouth.

Meantime the crowd grew until the Third
avenue oars were blocked at their turning
place, Dennis MeMahon, the soldier who
was adpinistering the dose of antidotes kept
calling on those around him to get a police-
man exactly 33 minutes after
8 o'clock a policeman appeared, Jie saw what
the trouble was, started to st MeMabon
and then chanwed his mind and went into the
restaurant and telephoned to Hudson street
hosnita! for an bulance.

The man died at Wet hospital at half past
9 o'clock last night. There was nothing to
show who he was or where he lived,

CROKER TO BE HERE ON JUNE 21,

The Tammany Leader {as Taken Passage for
America on the St. Louls,

Richard Croker, it was announced last night,
will leave England on the American liner St.
Louis on June 14, and arrive here on June 20
or 21. Mr. Croker will remain in town for
several days, and then start with the Tammany
delegation for Kansas City to attend the
Democratic National Convention. In a letter
which a friend of Mr. Croker received yester-
day Mr. Croker said that his health wag firet-
rate. Of course he will not be here in time to
attend the Democratic State Convention which
is to assemble in the Academy of Music next

Syreday.

he determination of Mr. €roker and his fol-
lowers to have the delegation instructed for
Bryan has not changed, and the report which
was afloat last night to the effect that at the
last moment the fifty-seven delegates of Kings
county d promised Mr, Hill their aid in
opposing instructions would flop was not gon-
erally believed. It appears that ex-Supreme
Court Justice Augustus Van te can go as
Brooklyn's delegate-at- if be a.

 

calmed down and the resolution |

 

A CAR SHED BLOWN DUWN

WORK OF DYNAMITE IN THE ST.
LOUIS STRIKE CITIZENS ARMING.

—

 

 

Organization of the Shotgun Posse Going On
—The Seventh Victim ofthe Strikers Dead

| and Another Motorman Shot—Mavor Wants
Employees Disarmed—More Cars

St. Lovis, Mo,, June 2--A carshed of the
Transit Company on Easton and Prairie
avenues was blown up with dynimite
shortly before midnight The building
| was a large structure ef brick, but had
{pot been used since the strike, The
! Domb thrown into it blew down the brick walls
| and nade a complete wreck of the building. In
; an adjoining shed 150 non-union men were

sleeping at the time of the explosian, Panic
| stricken, they rushed out into the str et, but
' found that ths shed in which they were housed
| was intact, with the exeeption of broken win-

dows. None was injured so far as can be
'

learfed

Sr. Lovts, June 1. More cars were operated

to-day by the Transit company than at any
| other tine since the beginuing of the strike,
and the ears were runcn fairly good schedule
time The number of passengers carried
t showed alatue gain, No attempt waa made,
| however, to open the south and north lines, nor
will this be done until ‘he posse comitatus is
organized and prepared to extend full protec-
tion,

Policeman Crane, who was shot last night by
Arthur Koenig, died this morning, making the
seventh victiin of the strikers, Edward Ravy,a
motorman, was shot while running a Unton
line car on Kossuth avenue, near Grand, tis
morning, A bullet fired from a third story
window pierced his arm. The wound ia serious,
but not necessarily fatal

The work of arming the po-se comitatus with

 

.— COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

, Evelyn Caspen Woodford
' Woodford,

| shotguns proceeded this morning, some 500 ,

guns being dis'ributed. J. Howard Cavender,
| former Lieutenant-Colonel of the First Reg -

ment, has been selected by Sheriff Pohlman to |

command the posse and to organize the body
He has appointed the following Cap/iains to take
charge of th» various companies: Ex-Judge
1 William B. Fi-se: Edwin tatdorf, former Colonel
of the First Regimen’, National (iuards; EC
Kowse, arealestate man and financial agent
of the Connecticut Life Insurance Comreny;
Lester M Hall, an ettcorney-at-law, William
Freudenau, a member of i, ght Battery A;
Perry Bartholomew,
Consul at Chernnitz who has also served in the
militia: Williams Po Kennett, ex-President of the
Merchants’ Exchang*; andG n, B.G Farrar of
United States Sub-Trensury, who ts a veteran
of the Civil War Nearly 500 men have been
sworn in as members of the posse, They will
be quartered in barracks in diferent parts of
the city

Ex-Gov. Wiliinm J, Stone, attorney for the
striking street car men, ft) ed vis answer to-day
in the injunction proceedings in the United
States Cireult Court
charges made by the Governm nt that the
striking street car men have n any way inter-
fered vith tee oneration of the mail
cars on the tracks of the St. Louis
Transit Company by s lacing obstructions, cut-
ting trolley wires or otherwise, and ‘his beng
the case the petition asks that all the defend.
antsramed in the first bill of injunction and
the supplemental bill be discharged United
States District Attorney Rosier too« the answer
of Gov. Stone and will file his reply to it by
next Tuesday. The cave will be argued and
submitted one week from to-day

Mayor Ziecenheim and President Whitaker
of the l'ransit com any had an acrimonions
interview. over the shooting at the southern
electric powe” house, the Mayor insisting that
the Transit emplovees should disarmed,
while Whit per conlonerd shat they had a rent
terror at “rty of the company. aw
and order eucus has , 4 formed tn south St.
ants

A resolution introduced lato the the Citv
Council to-night ordering the Transit company
to discontinue the running of allcare other than
mailcers untfl a settlement of the strike dif-
ferences with employees had been affected was
defeated after alo debate

RAN AWAY FROM ST, LOUIS,

Sixty Merchants Flee to Cincinnati to Evade
He' ping the Sheriff in the Strike.
CINCINNATI, June 1.--A party of sixty St.
Louls merchants, headed by E. Lacey Craw-
ford, the millionaire stock broker, arrived in
Cineinnati to-day over the Baltimore and Ohio,
They hastily left St. Louis last night to escape

serving as deputies under the Sheriff of St
Louis county against the striking street car em-
joyvees. All of the travellers are well-known
st. Louis business men

a

St. Louis

in Cincinnati. Others will yo to New York, en

troubles are in better shape.

 

MAN HUNT FOR SAFE ROBBERS.

Citizens of Backficld, Me,, Think They Have
five Thieves Sarrounded in a Swamp.

BucKPrikLp, Me, June 1.~Th> citizens of this
town have been indulving in a man hunt
to-day, and at a late hour to-night the
five robbers who blew open the safe in
the Post Office here last tight are believed
to be surrounded in a swamp about four

rifles, shotguns and revolvers, and
desperadoes show r sistance when
closes in the citizens will
shoot to kill. The robbery of the Post

Office here is the latest of the series
of bold) operations which began with
the attempt to rob the South Berwick National
Bank last week and ineluded the successful
robbery of :he “ech nies’ Falis Post Office. The
work is believed to bethat of an experienced
gang of cracksmen

About midnight last night Albert Tilton, who
lives op yosite the Post Office, heard an explo-
tion which blew the door from the saf-, and
selzini his rifle he pumped nine bullets into the
‘etre. The robbers made their escape safely,
but were soon seon fleeing down the Port-
Jand and Rumford Fails Railroad. <A party of
citizens gave chase, and arunning ficht ensued.
The fusitives emptied their revolvers in reply

) with
{f the

the cordon

pursuer-, and final
was imp asible to ow them, At: aybreak a
shotgun patrol was arranged and the highways
have been closely watched all day.

W.K. VANDERBILT, JR“S NEW “AUTO.”

 

Appears In Newport With a French Affair
Which He Says Is Fast.

Newport, R 1, June 1.--Mr. William K.
Vanderbilt, Jr, is one of Newrort's yioneer
automobilists and he has had novel and excit-
ing experiences with various sorts of machines.
Last season he had three of different makes
and became adept in handling
This season he starts out with a
one. On his recent European

he saw. many makes and in Paris
purchased a French machine which he
{mrorted. He made bis first apnearance on the
street withit to-day and atiracted the atten-
tion of everybody. This ‘‘auto’’ is very different
from the carriages seen in Newport. It is a
large affair; and Mr. Vanderbilt states that it
makes fifty-five miles an hour wih ease, ond
can be pushed to sixty miles. It has three
sents, and can be arranged for two to six per-
sons. The body of the machine is painted
white with red gear, making a very showy
turn out ;

Mr. Koyal Phel:s Carrol! has also appeared
with a new style machine,

rew
trip

The Plagee Situation at Sydney.
San Franct1sco, June 1.~—The steamer Mari-

posa, which arrived to-day, brought reper sof

the plague situation in Sydney. From Jan. 24
to March 1 there were five cases and two
deaths. From March | to arf there were
192 cases and aizty one deaths. In

the Mariposa sail
plague

No Requisttion Yet For Gev. Taylor,

FRANKFORT, Ky , June 1 —No requisition has

‘et been issued on Gov.
kore of former Governor

 

 

ns

ylor.

 

oo

Vase only §1.—Ada,

the week |
there were ten deaths from

formerly United States ,

| bers of the Board of Trade,

‘The answer denies lithe |

| as the procession passed.

+ Btocum

 

ae

Showers to-day; clearing to-morrow,

¢

PRINCESS VON ANHALT HERE.

 

She Is a Granddaug'ter of Queen Victoria
—Is Traveiling Incognito.

A granddaughter of Queen Victoria is paying {
@ visit‘to the United States and is now in New
York, She is the Princess von Anhalt, a.
daughter of Princess Christian. She came over |
on the Barbarossa, She is travelling incognito
with a lady-in-waiting, and is registered at the
Waldorf-Astoria as the Countess von Minster-
berg. She is to be in this gouniry for about
two months.

The Princess's mother was the Princess
Helena of Great Britain, the third daughter of .
Queen Victoria, who in 1866 married Prince
Christian of Schleswig-Holstein-Souderburg-
Augustenburg. The caughter of Prince and
Princess Christian, now the Princess von
Anhalt, was known as the Princess Louisa of —
Schleswig-Holstein. She married, in 1801, at
Windsor, Aribert, the fourth son of the reign-
ing Duke of Anhalt. Her older brother is in |

 

the South African war. The Princess has no
children,

To-day the Princess will goto Washington to |
be the guest of Lord Pauncefote, the British |
Ambassador. Last evening she gave u dinner |
party at the Waldorf-Astoria, followed by a|
theatre party at the New York, among her
auests being W. H. Funk, the por.rait painter, |

Mrs. MeVoy and Mra Ogden Mills, who has

| entertained the Prinoeas since she arrived here.

He Endows Three Scholarships in the Berkeley
Institate in Brooklyn,

Gen. Stewart L. Woodford has cancelled an
indebtedness of over $8,000t> him by the Berke-
ley Institute of Brooklyn, on condition that the
amount be invested for the endowment of three
scholarships, named after his deceised wife,
Julia E. Woodford, and his two daughters,
und Mary Eames
The Board of Trustees is to have
th» dis; osal of the scholarships. The Berkeley
Institute isonthe Park Slope, of which dis- |

GEN, WOODFORD'S 88,000 GIFT.

trict Gen Woodford was long a resid>nt

BOMB DROPPED FROM A CARRIAGE.

New Westminster, B. C.

Vancouver, B, C., June 1.—Another Fenian
scare has occurred in British Columbia. Dur-
ing a public celebra' lon at New Westminster, a
city on the Fraser River, close to the frontier,
some one placed an alleged infernal machine in
the path of the carriages leading the parade and
containing the Mayor, Aldermen, and mem-

Fenian Scare After a Public Celebration :
'

There was no explosion and after the proces-
sion had passed the so-called bomb was discov -
ered and taken to the policestation. It con-
tained a brownish powder, and a capanda
partially burnt fuse was attached to it A
wavcon wheel had burst itopen. It is suspect d
thut a Fenian or a rro-Boer sympathizer was in
one of the carriages and slipped it into the road

MR. ISELIN'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL.

Scheme to Keep the Soldiers at Fort Slocum
From Drinking Ram.

New RocueyF, June 1.—A temperanoe hotel,
established by Adrian Iselin, was opened to-day
on Pelham Road, near the entrance to Fort
and (Gilen Island. The hotel and
grounds, which are handsomely appointed and
oontain accommodations for wheelmen and
outing parties. coat Mr. Iselin about $16,000, A
saloon formerly occupied the site, but Mr. ise-
lin boucht it and toreit down. It is sald-That
he did this for the good of the soldiers of Fort
$'ooum, many of whem used to spend their
money over the bar illiam B

 

rady, a brother
of the former proprietor, is in charge of the
place and is under an ironclad agreement to
sell no intoxicants.

 

KILLED BY STRAWBERRIES.

Doctors Couldn't Savo a Seamstress Who Ate
Six Quarts of the Fruit.

Agnes Miller, 18 years old, was taken to
Bellevue Hospital late on Thursday night, suf-
fering from gas'ritis caused by eating siz
quarts of strawberries, and died at the hos ital
yesterday morning An autopsy on her body
made by Coroner's Physician O'Hanlon showed

' that death was due to vomiting and weakness

They decided that it |
would be far more pleasant to tale a little va- |
cation than to carry a gun about the streets of |
Some of the merchants will remain |

7 d | was attracted

all will remain out of St. Louis until the swike |

' miles from this place. The citizens are armed |

to the bue«ahot and bullets fired at them by the °
ly spok to the woods, where it |
0}

them. |

caised by gastro-enteritis, due to overloading
the siomach

The dead girl wasa@ seamstress and lived at
473 Vast Seventy-second stre t. On her way
home from work on Wednesday evening she
bya fruit-vender’s display of
berries and thinking six quarts for 25
cents a pretty good bargain bought the berries
and teok them to her room. In less than an
hour the other occupants of the house heard
piercing screams from her room and found the
girl inintense pain She could only point to
the six empty strawberry boxes when asked
what was the matter, but this told the tale,

Dr. Jackson of the Presbyterian Hospital had
the girl removed there, but on Thursday night
she was transferred te Bellevue where it was
seen that her case wis hel; lesa.

GRUBER TO BE SHORTSTOP

And Edward Laaterbach Will Umpire This
Great Politico-Legal Ball Match,
Tickets bearing this inscription were circulated
downtown and in political circles yesterday:

 

 

 
 

ST. GRORGE CRICKET GROUNDS, HOBOKEN.
Noadley, Lauterbach and Johnson :
; vs ;
; Black, Oicott, Gruber and Bonynge.

Admit bearer and friends t» the trial of the
above-entitied action

Saturday, June 2, at 3 o'clock.

 

It was said by those who were privilezeddo
possess the tickets that Col. Abe Gruber was to
be the shortstop on the nine representing his
firm ond that Henry RK. Sherman, of Hoadley,
Lauterbach & Johnson, was to uphold the
honor of ri@ht fleidtor them Alfred Lauter-
bach, according to common report, is to the
second baseman for his firm, So great is the
confidence of the politicians and statesmen of
fermer Gov. Black's firm in the probity of the

Ne

Hon Fdward Lauterbach, that he has n
asked to act as umpire by general consent
WHERE'S LITTLE DAN SCHAEFER?

Left Home After a Whipping Vowitng He'd
Never Return—Folks Worried About Him.

The police sent out a general alarm last night
for the eight-year-old son of Louis Schaefer, a
contractor of 833 West Forty-fifth street.
Young Dan disappeared from home after being
spanked for playing truant, on Thursday after-
noon, vowing thathe would neverreturn Mra,
Schaefer and her husband spent the night and
all day yesterday visiting hospitals and police
stations, but found no trace of him, Last night
fifteen Coxe who knew Daniel hunted through
the West ide for him,

 

Drucken Switchman Rans an Engine Wild.

BuFrFaLo, June 1.—At2 o'clock this morning
William Squires, a drunken = switchman,
boarded a Lehigh Valley engine which stood
with steam up in the yarde at East Buffalo and
ran the locomotive out of the vards and up and

| down the main track for an hour, yelling like a

'
'

|

Hount for the return j fort away.
a . Hood

ight sal Sound, next Sunday, on | Clue to the man’
eurerer Richard Peek, 8:80AM ftom Par 28, ie Finches tal and

maniac. The crew of the stolen engine could
not get on board {t and sent for the police, who
finally managed to jump on the engine and
overpower Squires. In the police court to-day
sentence was suspended on the prisoner, as the
railroad officials did not wish to prosecute.

 

Mortally Injured by a Cable Car.

Anorthbound Amsterdam avenue car struck

a middle-aged nian at 101st street and Amster-

dam avenue last night, throwing him twenty

His skull was fractured and at the

Wright Hospital it was said be could

not recover. Nothing in his pocketa gives a

identity. He is about 5 feet

has gray side whiskers and a
ustache.

 

nara rte: |
TWO CENTS.

WARSHIPSGATHER ATTAKU

11,000 TROOPS SAID 10 BE ON THB
RUSSIAN SQUADRON,

Blucjackets of the United States and Othee
Nations Reach Pekin to Guard the Lega
tons-The Tsung-li-Yamen Admits Them
Reluctantly — lucendiarism at Tien Tela,

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Loxpon, June 2—A news agency despatch
froin Shanghai says that nine Ruesian, three
British, three German, two American, twe
Japanese, one Italian and three French ware
ships areat Taku. The Russian warships have
11,000 troops on board

A despatch to the Times from Pekin, dated
Friday, savs that the marine guards of the sig
Powers, consisting of 340 men, arrived at Pokin
on Thursday night on as eciul train from Ties
Tain, The gates of the city were kept open for
their entry an! every facility was given them
by the Chinsse Government

LONDON, June 1,--A despatch to Dalziol's
News Agency from Shanghai says that the
Tsung-ii-Yamen reluctantly provided transe
port for 300 American, British, Japanese and
Italia biuejackets, who arrived at Pekin last

PRICE

 

night.
TIEN TstIN, May 31 —It is rumored that the
foreign blueiacketa, includi.g Americana,

British, ltatans, Japanese, French und Rus
sians, who with five quick-firing guns are om
the.r way to Pekin, will be opposed at the
first gate of the capital outside the wall

Tien Tsix, June 1..-The Chartered Bank
Building, the offices of the Caldbeck-Mace
Gregor Company, wine merchants, and the
offices of the Equitable Assurance Society have
been set on fire, it is supposed by incendiaries,
The bank building was saved, but the other
buildings were gutted.

WASHINGTON, Junel. In a telegram to the
State Department Minister Conger at Pekin
reports Uiat the arrival of 350 guards for the
legations of Russia, France, Great Britain,
Italy, Jajan and the United States has had the
effect of improving the situation. Pekin is
much quieter. In the surrounding country,
however, the “Boxers are still active.”’

At the Eunitable Life Assurance Society’
New York offices at 120 Broadway it was sai
yest neey that the company owned no building
at Te ‘sin, but that the burned building
might have been occupied by an insurance
avent who handled other insurance along with
business of the Equitable.

THE UPRISING IN ALGERIA,

 

Several Thousand Armed Moors Marching toe
Attack the French
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Panis, June 1.—A despatch to the Petit Jour
nalfrom Oran of to-day’s date says that the
latest information from south Algeria fore
shadows grave events. Several thousand
armed Moors are marching to attack the three
chief French stations of occupation, inclucsing
Igli The French are reinforcing all three
points and strong outposts have been
established. bee

HELD UP BY BANK RORBDERS.
Citizens of Sheldah! Helpless While Their

Savings Were Being Stolen,

SHELDARL, Ta., June 1.—The savings bank of
this village was robbed by four men early this
morning. They secured $1,000 and escaped

after holding fifty or more citizens at bay with
| rifles

Bhortly after midnight an expiosion woke up
the town, and tho inhabitants turned out to
learn the cause. The savings bank was found
in ruins and burning. Fifty citivens started to
investigate and were met with rifles inthe hands
of two strangers, who ordered them to halt. As
the ruins burned brightiy two other strangers
were seen looting the wrecked safe

The citiz ns had brought no weapons and the
two robbers on guard threatened death to the
man who moved The citizens were therefore
compelled to witness the theft of their savings
withrutinterfering

When the two robbers who were jooting the
eafe had se ured all the money available they
Joined their confederates and linedup the citi-+
zens, Who stoodw. th hands held high, as ordered,
until the robbers had backed away into th
Sarspene and fled. The bank buildiug ts a to!
wreck,

STEEL MILLS SHUT DOWN,

Wire Trust Closes Three Plants im Cleveland
--No Warning to Employees.

CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 1.—Without warne
ing the American Steel and Wire Company
(the Wire Trust) closed down three of the big
Newburg mills to-dav. The order came like
a thunderclap from a clear sky. A thousand
men were thrown out of work and none une
derstands the reason. The three mills closed
are the Bessemer Steel Mill, one bloomer mill
and one brick rod mill. The other rod mill has
been closed for some time. Themen say that
work was plentiful upon to the {natant of the
shut down. Assistant District Manayver Earl
of the American Steel and Wire Company ade
mitted to-day that the mills were closea down

“Weare closing down and starting some ol
our mills all the time ‘said Mr Early. “The
Bessemer mill was e’used because we ha’ some
stock we wanted to work up Tl expect ali the
mills will start up inasbort time but] cannot
say just how soon, The shut down is brought
about by business conditions and is not a trust
shut downin any sense of the word, as thas
term is understood,”

 

TOWED 900 MILES THROUGH GALES,

The Turcoman to Get $200,000 Salvage for
Rescuing the Strathnevis.

Sr, Joun’s, N. F., June 3.—The steamer
Strathnevis, fourteen days out from Avyone
mouth for Montreal, arrived here this morning
in tow of the steamer Turcoman, She broke
her shaft and lost her propeller cight days ago
during a heavy gale and lay helpless for twe
day She suffered severely, the sea breaking

ver her,
°‘Then the Turooman appeared and started to
tow. During six days the vessels met
storms, the hawsers broke several times, an
the ships almost collided once. The distance
the Strathnevis was towed was 900 miles, mak-
ing a record rarely equalled. TheStra
was at times practically unmanageable,
without cargo.

It ia understood that the agreement between
the captains gives the Turcoman $200,000 sale
vage for towing the Strathnevis,

 

UNION CLUB BORROWS $700,000,

 

Money to Be Used tn Building a Clabhouse og
Its New Uptown Site.

In behalf of the Union Club John L, Cadwala=
der and others took title yesterday to the prop=
erty on the northeast corner of Fifth avenue
and Fifty-first street, which was sold by the
Barney-Sheldon syndicate to the club some
months ago. The consideration was $70,000,
Thev also took title from William M, Evarts
and others tothe property on which the pres-
ent club building stands, at Fifth avenue and
Twent) -first street, for a nominal considera-
ticn, and they mortgaged the Orphan Asvlum
yroperty plot for $700,000, at 4 percent, in-
erest. A number of the leading architects of
the city are at present in competition prerare
ing plans for a clubhouse on the Union Club’s
new site.

IN BOSTON.

IcE UP

Advance in Wholesale Rates—Families Pay 23
Cents a Hundred,

Beaton, June 1.—The wholesale price of foe
in this city was advanced to-day on account of
scarcity Four of the principal companies have
agreed that in Tireheese of over 100 pounds
the price shall 20 cents a hun for
amounts between 100 and 600 pounds; for
amounts between 500 pounds and a ton the
price shall be 17'2 cents a hundred; over a ton
the price will be a dollara ton higher than {¢
was before, The family trade price remains a
15 cents for $0 and 25 cents for 100 pounds,

 

 

Merchants
will find the largest iine of spectacies at Spencer’
15 Maiden Lane, of any house in the country. -

‘