hs

me

ee

rs

>

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  

EASY JOB FOR CENSUS MEN.

ONLY ONE REFUSAL TO ANSWER
. QUESTIONS YESTERDAY.

Chinaman Was Obstinate, but Gave In When
@ Policeman Wane Called—Supervisor wil-
bur Delighted With the Smoothness of the
Work—One Indian Registered in Brooklyn.

Uncle Sam threw out hie drag net of census
queries a!l over Greater New York yesterday,
and from the extreme end of the borough of
The Bronx to the extreme end of the borough of
Richmond the entire city was bristling with in-
terrogation marks. Nobody was big enough
or little enough to escape them, Those that
slipped through the meshes yesterday will be
entangled in them sooner or later before the
next two weeks are over, Never was the ma-
chinery of census taking on 80 comprehensive
ascale as the one now In operation; at least,
that is whatis now the belief of the supervisors,
and yesterday's operations seemed fully to
justify them in their faith.

Eleven hundred, or, to be quite accurate,
1,008 enumerators, began work in Manhattan
and The Bronx early yesterday moming
Eleven hundred were employed, but at the last
moment three of them resigned, The place of
one of the three was instantly filled, however,

 

and the two remaining vacancies will be filled |

by to-day. Andinall of yesterday's querying
and questioning among all the peoples of many
nationalities who make up the New York of to-

day there was not an incident that could be will

dignified by the name of trouble.

There was just one little ripple to disturb the
smooth surface of things. That was up in East
Bixty-fifth street. Charley Lee, a Chinaman,
who keepsa laundry inthat thoroughfare, be-
tween First and Second avenues, was for a time
fn rather an antagonistic frame of mind to-
ward the enumerator, Notwithstanding the
fact—as demonstrated by Ti Hung Chang on
the occasion of his recent visit here that it is
quite a delicate Chinese attention to ask
strangers you meet how old they are and how
much they are worth Charley Lee took @

different view of the matter, He swore
by the honor of his ancestors that
ft was none of Uncle Sam's — business

and that he wouldn't tell, So the enumerator
telephoned to Supervisor Wilbur, who sent a
Celestial interpreter ‘o the scene. But even
then Mr. Lee was not appeased
that throuch the haze that enveloped his intel-
lectuals he siw some vague connection between
the questions asked and the great Boxer party
at home, with a possible general extermination
of Chinamen in strange lands, When it was

explained to bim In detail that his identity was
not being determined usamere matterot con-
venience to Governmen( massacring pares,
and when this explanation was reinforceu by
the appearance of a big policeman, Mr Lee ad-
mitted that he was 42 )ears old and answered
all theother questions without lurther objec-
tion,

In view of just euch persons as Mr. Lee being
found, there was issued some weeks ago a4
“Chinese Consular Proclamation” duly dated
“Kwangsau, twenty-sixth year, third moon,”
which fully explained the object of the census
and advised jhe Celestials to be good Chinamen
and answer the questions. But, even with this
document betore them, many of the Mott

treet colony could not quite wet it out of their
heads that war or taxes or something else dis-
agreeable was not back of jtall Yet, with the |
exception of Charley Lee, all of them answered |
yesterday the questions reaglly enough. ;

Buteven that did not end the enumerator’s
troubles. When, through an interpreter he
had learned in the Chinese way on what day,
what month and what year the Chinaman was
born he had to go through a calculation, by
means of a table provided by the Census
Bureau, to get the same into English. This
table, which isa long and Intricate-looking
affair, is headed by an explanatory note,

“Time is counted in China,” the note reads,
“by cycles of sixty years each and, second, by
the reigns of the suecessive Emperors. The
Chinese month is the lunar month of twenty-
nine or thirty dave. Each month is known by
its nuwber. A year may have twelve months
and ¢onsist of 3540r 355 days: or it may have
thirteen months and consist of 883 or 384 days.
In order to pring the calendar year into accord
with the solar vear, an extra or intercalary
month is inserted every second or third year,
This exten month is known as the second third
month, the second sixth month, &c, as the case

 

 

may be

With this Aght and with the table before him
the enumerator is able to figure out that when |
Ah Wong We says he was born on the tenth |
day of the third month in the fifth year of Hien
‘ang, or in the fifty-second year of the cycle,

e means he was born April 25, 1855.

As early as noon yesterday there chme in
are@ult from the system of cards sent out
some days ago by which it is hoped that
the errors made in counting New York's
population. in the last census will be
voided. People intending to be out of

wn while the census is being taken were

to send these cards to the Supervisor
him an address where the census queries
would be answered. Between 30,000 and 40,000
of the ¢ards came in, Yesterday an enumera-
tor found a residence posed, i ne
name, ye owycr and telephone to Super-
wae wibue, The curds were overhauled with
the rédult that in his business office downtown
the d of the family was found and
all the required information. Inasmuc
only ‘from 30,000 to 40,000 of these absentee
cards have come in, Mr. Wilbur was inclined
to think the estimate that New York lost
000 names which should have been counted
n the Jast census was excessive, Of course, a
certain percentage of people, even with the
resent system, will not be counted, but Mr.

Vilbur thought this would be offset by the
cases of duplication which to @ certain extent
are unavoidable.

Al | and until 10 o'clock last night
Mr. Witibur sat in his office ready to untangle
pny enaris that bis enumerators might wet into,

ut he had practically nothing to do, Once in
a while there cauie a telephonic call to send an
interpreter somewhere, or send a certain
enumerator a deaf and dumb or some other

orm of blank. But otherwise all was serene,

t the easiest day's work the Supervisor

ad in a month

 

AT THEMcATHOLciUNiveRsiTY. |

The President Visits It and Is Greeted With
Applaase.

WasHiNnoTOoN, June 1.—The Catholic Univer-
sity of America was honored this afternoon by
a visit from the President, who, with Secre-
tary Long and Private Secretary Cortelyou,
called at the residence of the rector, Mon-
signor Conaty, and accompanied by him and
Doctor Garrigan, the Vice-Rector, met the pro-
fessors and students in the assembly room
McMahon Hall. The President and Secretary
Long occupied seats on the platform. After
the outburst of applause with which the Presi-
dent was greeted, the Rector made an addresa
of welcome,

President McKinley, in responding, said:

“| cannot refraiy from responding in
a few words for the most racious
welcome given me on behalf of the Unt-
versity by the honored rector of this institution,
Lam pleased to meet both the faculties and
pupils of this institution of learning. [ have
,een glad to note building after bu ding ris-
rounds in the last half dozen
years, and extend to you my cordial
congratulations. It is most agreeable to
me, with all the burdens of respons! ility which
reat upon me in the great office to which by the
suffrages of the people I have been chosen, it le
most agreeable to me to take myself from my
busy duties and receive the warm and hearty
welcome of the professors and students of
this university. This nation ig tn advance of
every other nation of the world inthe matter
of educational advantages and opportunities.
There is no exense for any young man not to
get an education. No matter what may he his |
condition, no matter how narrow fits sure |
roundings and limited his — resources,
he may receive an education which
fit him for the cares an
responsibilities of life. No pation in the
world is in greater need of educated young
men than the American nation. They are the
pillars of strength to this Republic, and we
need them, it secuis to me, Dever More than at
this hour, Gentlemen, I thank you.

The professors and students were then pre-
sented to the President and Secretary Long,
the first to be presented being | Mer.
McMahon, the respected founder of McMahon
After the presentation the President and
arty were escorted by Mer. Conaty and Doctor
jarrican through the different buildings and
were afterward entertained at the Pines, the
Rector's house. The President appeared
pleased with the visit.

QUAY PREDICTS A GREAT VICTORY,

Says the Republicans Will Win With » Big
Majority This Year.

PHILADELPHIA, June 1.--Former

ing on these

 

Senator

Tt developed | Quay was in the city to-day, but, while more

than usually communicative, he revealed
nothing of his intentions in the National Con-
vention, After saying that he thought the
genvepten hall admirable for the purpose
ie SAC

‘L expect to be in pretty steady attendance
at the convention while it is in session, but
that will not be jong,as all can be done in forty~-
eight hours. There has been a great deal of
talk about the Vice-Presideney, but I think
it will cause no delay, The candidate will
be selected) by President) MeKinley, — but
who he will be L cannot say,as I have not heard
of the President expressing any preference
ret.”
. Speaking of the Intention of the Democratic
party to adept a platform, that would appeal to
the whole country, he said

“I believe that’ no matter what their plat-
form, the Democrats will be detemted. Bryan-
ism is a dead issue, ane Beree. thigk. has no
standing before the people at large here is no
reason Shy the candidates selected by the
Republicans should not be elected by a lerge
majority The country is proaperes* and the
laws passed by the Republicans and adminis~
tered by them are responsible, I think the
Republican party will win the most pronounced
vietory In its history.”

 

GORMAN FOOLED THE BRYANITES.

Captared a County Convention—Kansas City
Delegates May be Uninstructed.

CUMBERLAND, Md., June 1.—The Democratic
County Convention held here ,to-day to elect
delegates tothe State Convention, which in

turn will elect delegates tothe National Con-
vention, was little short of ahowling mob,
the Neutenants of Gorman controlling the
convention, When the primaries were held it
was thought that the Bryanites had swept the
county, but Gorman's followers got in their
work before the convention met, and while the
Bryan delegates yeiled themselves hoarse for
recognition, they were voted down at every
point, At one time it looked as {if serious
trouble would ensue, but the chairman seeing
this ruled in favor of a Bryan delegate and thus
averied It,

The delegates elected to-day were unin- |
structed. The Gorman people say they are for
Bryan, but oppose a reaffirmation of the Chi-
cago ‘platform. The Bryanites, presented |
minority resolufions heartily indorsing the
Nebraska Colonel. The knowing ones here to- |
night say that now’ Gornian will be able to con-
trol the State Convention,and that the delegates
to the National Convention will go unin-
structed.

BROOKLYN MEN WONT FIGHT.

 

 

He learned the | ghe Democratic Managers Apparently Want

to Keep Peace With Tammany.
James Shevlin, Senator P. H. McCarren, ex-

ge Senator John McCarty and Police President

Bernard J. York were among the visitors yes-
terday to Hugh McLaughlin's headquarters in
the Willoughby street auction room in Brook-
lyn. There was a further confab, it is under-
stood, over the course which the Rings county
delegation should pursue at the Democratic
State Convention, and it is said that the pre-
ponderance of opirion was strongly against
precipitating a fight in the convention on the
question of instructing the delegation for

ryan The Kings county leaders are appar-
ently determined to take no action which would
place them in antagonism to Tammany out of
any sentimental regard of Mr. McLaughlin for
ex-Senator Hill

It has been arranged that the Kings county
delegation to Kansas City willstart on either
July 1 or 2, and quarters have been secured for
twenty-five, including the ten delegates, at the |

“Itis as dull and quiet as an election day | has been fixed at $100

morning,"’ he said, last evening, ‘and has been

 

ft! day, allofus here in the office are pleased Bourke Cockran to Speak to Maine Democrats,

ond our utmost expectations as to the way

things are going. Notonly are we not meeting |

with opposition, but everywhere people seem
to be cooperating heartily withus. The thorough
workof-tiie special agents In drilling the enu-
merators

enta were appointed to every district, and
‘or ten days past they have been constantly en-
gaged in answering every possible question the
enumerators could raise, When the enume-
erators did not come for instruction the agents
sought them out. There are twenty-four of
those agents altogether. ‘They were for months

 

here fice and understand the work |
sak Kg fy to-morrow we will have suftl-

clent returns into tell how each enumerator is
working. Ajter another day some of them will
have =s6) demonstrated their thoroughness
and .waergy that the ‘agents wil drop
supervision of then, except in a gen ral
way and concentrate their attention on the
more backward. [am forbidden by law to give
out any estimates of oe and | ain un-
ble to say whenthe figures for New York wail
made public, «Of course | will have the vari-
ous totals before me, but Lam not permitted to
add the) up. It was the {dea to cover the great
ntres of population first and | suppose ihe
ures for those places will be the first to be
blished

pu

“Wita phe exception of that one Chinaman
we have Rad no trouble whatever inthe great
centres of foreign population. We do not keep
our interpreters all the time. We know where
we can tay our Bands on them at any tiine,and
gone them wherever there is a cail for then
n the Chines «juarter, however, an interpreter
accompanied the enumerator, and ve have
others ready for every known Janguage, in-
cluding, of course, one forthe Syrian colony
downtown.”

Mr. Wilbur is supervisor for the first New
York State distric!, covering Manhattan and
The Bronx. The second distriet, comprising
Brookis n, Richmond and all of Long Island, is
under Walter ik. Atterbury. There were 600
enumerator: at work In rooklen yesterday,

 

'

nd th ngs went on smoothly there as in Man- |

atan and The Bronx There is one
£ ou about toe Long Island = see-
jon of the Greater New York an

that is that it contains an agricultural recion of
very respectable size for which regular agrievl-

tural blanks bad tobe provided The Brook- |
ynenmneraiors veserdiy unearthed on) ull-
lood d todian, Riis tunn by name, and he
goes into te <rorate s hedule the Guvern-

Ment has provided for sn iin

Tollice Db g Lost on the Varch,

The policemen of the Morroania station were
cursing the porade last nicht bor the last
two wears’ they have had for a mase
cot «a bull terrier hey eall Buttons, and
for the perids — the trons made
a neWern for hun bet ineloded leggins and
all the tikings. There were more thon sixty
Duitens « i When the meu reached tie
Btation bast ght tuttons was gone In his
pluce wus abig Ss) Bernardwhich bad toliowed
them, The  evconer had a colnr marked

temp ive

“oorh Preeinet

 

Haaged tlemweit ona Vian Cree,
RocnestEer Frank Horsch hanged

himeaelf to-day trom aylumtreein the rear of lis

hagne, 722 C1}

June t,

t navenue, north. Firmly grasped |

|
|
Midland Hotel. The entire expense for each |
|
|
|

Port AND, Me, June 1.—Bourke Cockran and
Congressman Fitzgerald have accepted invita-

tions to open the Democratic campaign in this

|
|
rouch todo withit Three special | State. They will address a mass meeting in |
|

Lewiston the night betore the State Convention
in Lewiston. Mr. Cockran will speak on “‘Im-
perialism’’ and Mr. Fitzgerald on "The Ship-
ping Subsidy Bill.”’ |

Second Ulster District Carried by Hill Men,

Kinaston, N. Y., June it.The Democrats of
the Second Ulster district eleeted John C
Hornbeck, George (. Dolson and Eugene
Patten as delegates to the State Convenvion, |
Thev will favor State Senator ice as delegate
to the Nationa! Convention, Whois classed 4s @
David B. Hili man,

WOULDN'T WORK WITH UNION MEN,
Non-Unton Carpenters on Long Island Strike
in Retaliation and Win,

Port WasHINaTon, L,I, June 1.—A gang of
nin-unfon carpenters, who went on strike yes-
terduy against the employment of union car-
penters on the new Starin wharf here, won
their fleht in short order, and are back at work,
When work was begun by Contractor Travis
on Starins grove several carpenters from sur-
rounding Villages were hired who were not
union men, Union men who had been brought
ov. .rom New York struck against the non-
union men, who were discharged. Shortly
afterwaid work was begun on the wharf and
the non-union village carpenters were engaged
Yesterday several union men irom New York
were sent out to the job. Immediately the
non-union men held a meeting and quit. They
deciured that it wasa poor rule that wouldn't
work both ways and protested that as union
men bad declined to work with them they would
not work with union men, Contractor Travis
wes compelled to send the union men back to
the city.

 

Lehigh Valley Striking Trackmen Give Up,

Winkrs-Barre, Pa, June 1.-The striking |
trackmen of the Wyoming division of the Le- |
hich Valley have practically given up the strike
which started on Monday, Convineed that the
company Will not grant their demands, and
seeing their places filled with new men, they
are returning to werk ji large numbers, Over
helf of them are now back, and by Monday itis
sxpected a full foree will be at work

|
|
'

This Unton Wants No Strikes, .
The Internat onal Seamen's Unton issued a }

circular yesterday to all the local unions
throuchoul the country stating that a general ,
de: and fora shorter workday resolved on by
the Vache Coast Seatuen’s nino. hid been
pos pour ‘The eason ivenfor the postp ne-
ment was Lait ot bees woud probaly bave to
In ordes d te entoree the demand and the
unw nh does bot Want to resort lo strikes j

(ican T ctor Pickets on Duty Again,
The strike oouunitti.e of the cigarmakere re-

«right hand wasanempty whiskey botue, , assigned che pickets of the strikers yesterday to
eoretiehteei's Senna hs our abet Si1CT7 A ie OU Ea tuts the pe
sale beonuse she did not ove him, [eeranel trragste of Justion ¥ maw A,

; THE SUN, SATURDAY, JUNE 2,

LINE-UP OF THE BLUECOATS

—-————--

CHIEF DEVERY LEADS HIS THIRD
PARADE UP BROADWAY.

Bad Time at the Stands for Invited Guests
Who Wanted to Review the Parade and
Weren't There Early— Medals Awarded and
Sixteen Brave Cops Made Roundsmen.

In all there were 6,536 policemen in line
in the annual parade of the police yesterday
They started froin the Battery and marched up
Broadway to Twenty-third street, across to
Madison avenue, to Filty-seventh street, to
Fifth avenue, down to the reviewing stand at
Madison Square, and there dismissed. So far
as the parading policemen are concerned the
parade was fairly successful, but trouble is
Hkely to result for the people who had in charge
the management of the stands. Fully twice
as many tickets had been sent out 4s
there were seats in the stands and the
result was that only those who lad
a private tip to “come early” found
any place ®o sit down, while scores of city
officiais wearily stood up throughout the
parade, or went away disgusted before the line
had passed their reviewing stand. The police-
men on duty at the stands said that they were
not responsible for this; that Chief Devery had
given the orders and that they weren't respon
sible for anything beyond carrying them out.
Capt. Copeland, who waa in charge, did the
best he could, but he couldn't provide room for
twice as many people as there were seats, and
many of the city officiala went away swearing
that they would find out who was responsible
for their having tostand up like the common
populace when they had beautifully engraved
invitations in their pockets, each invitation
reading, “Good for a seat in the reviewing
stand.”

According to programme the parade was to
reach the stands at 4 o'clock, but a tip had
gone out that those who wished to get seats
had better be there at 3, 80 a great crowd of
women and children were at hand at that hour,
Thereafter nobody but the pos-essor of a
mighty ‘pull’? could hope to get ito the
stands, and about fifty of the city officials, little
and big, didn’t get there until after 3:30. By
that time the head of the parade was in sight
and the police at the stands were industriously
hustling away from the front everybody who
was standing there in the hope that the promise
on his ticket of invitation would come true. At
firet the police undertook to hustle the city
officials and the officials began to make life
a burden toCapt. Copeland. There was nothing
that he could do and he explained this until
his collar wilted, but still the unwearied hordes
demanded seats that were already occupied.
Among others who were late were Vice-Presi-
dent Oakley of the Municipal Council and Cor-
poration Counsel Whalen. In some way Mr.
Oakley got past Capt. Copeland's man, but Mr.
Whalen found his way barred by a large and
compact arn.

“LT want to get in,” explained the Corporation
Counsel,

“Can't yesee thestand’s full?” retorted the
policeman

“Hey! put in ex-Inspector Aleck Williams
in a stage aside from near by that couid be
heardatnile. “Don't you know who that is?
That's the Corporation Counsel."

Apparently the policeman didn't know. or
didn't hear, for he cast ascornful look at Mr,
Whalen and haughtily waved him back

“Tye got a ticket to this st.nd,"’ explained
Mr. Wha.en

“Gabback!" returned the policeman.

'S-<-5-8t!"’ warned the ex-Inspector. ““That's
the Corporation Counsel, you convicted idiot.
Let him in.”

“Gabback there,” cried the policeman as Mr,
Whalen pressed forward,

There came to the relief of the somewhat
strained condition the Mayor's man Roundsman
Kennel), most diplomatio of policemen. He ad-
dreased the obstructive policeman pointedly
and room was made jor the applicant, who was
now somewhat angry.

“See here,’ he said to the policeman, “didn't
you understand the Inspector?”

“Nah,” said the policeman

“He told you four times whol was. Didn't
you hear him?”

“Are you deaf, Officer? If you are you have
no business on the torce.””

“Well, aid the badgered policeman, ‘the
orders wa: that weshoulon't let no more folks
into the stands.”

The orders were pretty well stuck to after
that. The city officials of the third and fourth
magnitude stood outside the stand and tried to
look pleasant but didn't sueceed very well
while Mayor Van Wyck, President York and
Commissioners Abell, Sexton and Hess of the
Police Board reviewed the parade.

At the head rove Chief Devery on his bay
horse Bullet. The men bebind him marched
with a precision worthy of the Regular army.
The order was as follows:

PIRST REGIMKNT
Deputy Chief Cortright,

Battalion. Inspector Cross,

atialion— Inspector Thompson.

SRCOND REGIMENT
Deputy Chief William W. MeLaug!lin

Third Battalion — Inspector Harley.

Fourth Battalion -Inspector Brooks
THIRD REGIMENT
Deputy Chief P. H. McLang lin of Brooklyn,
Fifth Battasion inspector Kane,
Sixth Battalion. inspector John H. Grant,
FOURTH KEGIMENT
Deputy Chief Mackeliar « f Queens,
Seventh Battalion Inspector Donald Grant,
Fighth Battalion—Ineapector Brennan.
FIFTH REGIMENT,
Deputy Chief Clayton of Brooklyn.
Ninth Battalion—Inspector porpey:
Tenth Battalion Inspector Druhan

After the main body of the parade came four-
teen platoons of mounted men in command of
Sergt. William C. Egan, followed by the bi-
eyole Corps in command of Sergt. Thomas
McCormac. At the end of the line
were the patrol wagons, each with a
driver, guard and doorman, and there was a
rear guard of three mounted men. With each
rogmnens marched two bands. Among the
police officials who received especial recogni-
the Deputy-Chief

Firs
Second

tion from crowds were

MeLaughiin, Inspector Kane and Capts.
Price, Vredenburgh, “heehan and Halpin.
Capt, Schmittberger, wiio huan’t been popu-

lar in the force since he testified before the
Lexow Committee, wasn't in the parade = His
men, under Sergt. Kemp, were at the tail end,
Another captain who was notin the line for the
same reason as Capt. Schmittberger was Capt.
Timothy Creedon of Newiown,

President York presented the medals to the
picked nen of the department, who were called
out of the line to receive them. Th Rhine-
lander medal went to Koundsman Louis (.
Wagner of the East Sixty-seventh street station

 

 

upon box of negligee shirts; all
colors of the rainbow; all kinds
to fit all shapes of men.

No negligee shirt worth hav:
ing can be bought for less than

our lowest price, $1.

No negligee shirt can be found
anywhere better than our best
at 3.

Of course that doesn’t mean
silk, Silk costs 85 and $8,

25 styles of straw hats to
choose from: $2 to 3.50.

Flannel stuts, serge suits, un-
lined suits to go with them.

Rogers, Peer ~ Company,

308 Broed . cor Warren

aa 7nd 9 Warren St
938 way, cor, Prine
260 Broadway. cor 32d

We Ail ordérs
and $4 Wen sa Se “ty matt

 

for rescuin
xty-sevent ft
. Hartigan o
yn, got the Isaac Bell medal or wallany
n@ life at the Windact Hotel fire, an Haupt-
. Meyer medal went to Solomon C. au)
man of the Delancey street station for
tinguished gallantry at the same fire
sixteen patrolmen who have been ee
mentioned for courageous conduct ne te
last parade were called out of the jine 0 "
made roundsmen; Patrolmen William F.
. uot, — Rf homes ti i:
exander Kerr, John Leon .
Rian James ag James 4. et ohn P.
ary, Charlies Heffernan, Danie: ~.
Michael W. Maguire, Lawrence E. atteraon,
froratio, x. Young, Charles E. Northrup an
artind, Regan
Before the parade an oftder was inoued that
no medals or badges other than those of ¢ ?
Police Department should be worn, Many 0
the policemen who are veterans wore their war
badges under their coata, but a few wore them
openly in violation of the order, ‘
Capt, Stephen Brown of the East Six ~
seventh street station geve a dinner last n@ht
to the men in his precinct at Wills Hotel, Sec-
ond avenue and Seventy-third perost Aarts
orchestra and lots of speeches furnish soci
entertainment.

GEN, MERCIER DEFENDS

Debate on the Dreyfus Amnesty Bill Beges
in the French Senate.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUM

Panis, June 1.—There was a creat crowd in
the Senate to-day {in anticipation of exciting
developments during the debate on the Govern-
ment’s Amnesty bill, to which several amend-
ments are to be offered. M. Falleries, Presi-
dent of the Senate, occupied the chair.

M. Clamageran declared that though he sup-
ported the Cahinet he disapproved of the project,
It is perbaps significant that M. Clamageran
was President of the Amnesty Commission and
in this capacity recelved Esterhazy's latest let-
ters. From this fact the deduction is drawn
that the letters contained information of the
most important character affecting certain in-
dividuals who would be likely to benefit by the
amnesty measure,

Senator Lecomte supported an amendment
making the amnesty measure of wider scope,
Senator Delpech followed in a savage attack on
Gen. Mercier.

Amid a storm of howls Gen. Mercier re; lied in
measured tones toSenator Delpech. Hesaidt! at
he had done his duty in the Dreyfus affair and
that his conscience justified him. Though con-
stantly interrupted, the ex-Minister of War
never lost his look of injured innocence. His
manner vividly recalled his attitude during the
court-martial at Rennes

Other Senators followed and the discussion
was ihen adjourned,

 

HIMSELF.

 

AGUINALDO'S REPORTED DEATH.

 

Filipinos in London Believe the Story and Say
Gen, Mascado May Succeed Him,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 1,—The Filipino representa-
tives here express no surprise at the report of
the death of Aguinaldo, Though they have re-
ceived no confirmation of the story, they think
that THE SUN's cabie despatch of yesterday is
probably true

They say they knew that for the last three
months Aguinaldo had been in the neigborhood
of San Mignel and San Mateo. They also say
that he has been in the city of Manila without
being recognized by the authorities,

The Filipinos declare that even if the report
is true it wili have no effect on the war, which
will be carried on with unabated vigor. They
say that Gen. Mascado will probably succeed
Aguinaldo. The only other likely candidate is
Gen, Pio del Pilar, a brother of Gen. Gregorio
del Pilar, who was killed in the fighting in North
Luzon some mo ths ago

The Filipinos admit that there isa possibility
of strife over the election >f a successor to
Aguinaldo, as the Tagals of education and those |
of Spanish leanings are divided. Each party

ne SSS SS Sst SS
———

wants to govern the country and this may lead
to dissenstions.

 

CAPT, ROBERTS'S CAPTURE,

Filipinos Promise to Treat Their Prisoners
Well Gen, Funston in Pursuit,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

MANILA, Junel.—Later reports show that
the rebels who captured Capt. Roberts and six |
men of the Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry lase
Tuesday, attacked them while they were lunch-
ing outside of San Miguel. The insurgents sent
one of the wounded Americans back on a sled
to an outpost where he was left. He had alet-
ter addressed to the Provost Marshal from the
rebel commander promising that the prisoners
would receive good treatment.

Last night a woman broughta letter written
at San Miguel by Capt. Roberts to his wife, In
the letter the American officer said that the
prisoners were being kindly treated and would
possibly be exchanged.

Gen. Funston is chasing the band that cap-
tured Capt. Roberts and has routed seventy of
them from the summits of rocky hills. He has |
failed to find any trace of Capt. Roberts, how-

ever

REVOLT OF THE ASHANTIS.

 

The Gold Coast Governor Said to Be Safo
~British Force Reaches Kamassi.
Spectal Cable Despateh to THE SUN,

Lonpox, June 1.--The Colonial Office has re-
ceived a despatch from Col. Willoocks dated
Cape Coast Castle, May 31, stating that the fol-
lowing message had been received from Col,
Carter, who is very near Prah:

“Capt. Hall is supposed to have entered
Kimassi May 26. The latest reports are that
the Governor of the Gold Coast Colony and a
party of sick and wounded and political refugees |
are expected to arrive at Fumau May 30, They |
are short of food."

Col, Willcocks adds that he hassent provisions |
to Fumsu. He has also despatched a number
of troops to overcome possible resistance from
the enemy.

If the report concerning Gov. Sir Frederic
Hodgson is correct it shows a great improve-
ment in the military situation arising fram the
revolt of Ashanti natives, he having been be-
sieged for rome time at Kumassi by the rebels.

 

COMMISSIONER PECK'S REPLY,

 

He Says Senator Jones's Charges are Simply
Flectioneering By-Play.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

Panis, June!.—Mr. Ferdinand W. Peck, the
American Commissionet-General to the Paris
Exposition, told a French interviewer to-
day that the charges made against him in the
United States Senate yesterday by Mr. Jones
of Arkansas, were simply put
electioneering by-play. He added

forth as
that he
would take no notice of Mr, Jonea’s charges of
extravagance, &c,
PRINCE ALBERT BETROTHED.
Beigiom's Heir Presumptive Engaged to

 

 

Princess Elizabeth of Bavaria.
Special Cable Despatch to TH¥ SUN.
BRUSSELS, June 2—The Moniweur this morn-
ing announces the betrotaal of Prince Albert,
heir presumptive to the throne of Belgium, to
Princess Flizabeth of Bavaria,

Prince Albert ix a pephew of King leopold.
He was born on Apri) 8, 1875

 

In Memory of the Prince Imperial's Death.
Spertal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Paris, June1.—A large Ronapartist gathering
attended services at St. Augustine's Church to-
day in memory of the Prince Imperial’s death
{n Zululand Jnne 1, 1870.

 

Following Up the Threats Made Against John
Wanamaker.

PHILADELPHIA, June 1.--William Waterall,
who was chairman of the indignation meeting
heldonl st Friday night at the Academy of
Musie to voice a protest against the retention
of Director of Public Safety English in office,
to-day appointed a committee to call upon the
Mayor and present Lim the resolutions calling
for an investigation of the charges of threate
ened blackmail made against . English by
John Wanainaker, They have also written a
letier to the Mayor, but they have refused to
make it public until be has had opportuni:
Make a repay.

Ta

4 i
hs 7 }
hen

nr

__ Whale Miata

, cA]
4

Think of the cool comfort,

f reault from ening

the convenience, the cleanli-
ness, the economy—that

the new

Wickless

Blue
Flame

Oil Stove

Burns ordinary kerosene; will do ALL your cook- :
ing without heating the house. Doesn’t srnoke or
get greasy. Can’t possibly explode. Easily moved.

New York.

 

DELLA FOX IN AN ASYLUM:

THE LITTLE ACTRESS SENT THERE A
COMPLETE PHYSICAL WRECK,

She Was Committed Yesterday at the Request
of Her Brother—Physicians Declare That
Her Mind Has Been Affected by the
Excessive Use of Drugs and Alcohol,

The short if merry life of Della Fox advanced
yesterday one step nearer the finish when

Justice McAdam in the Supreme Court signed

an order conimitting the actress to a private

sanitarium at River Crest, TL. I. Dr.

Austin Flint, Jr., and Dr. Edward D. Fisher

furnished the certificates on which the order

was granted. William For, the brother

of the actress, through his counsel, A.

H. Hummel, had taken the steps necessary to

have her confined in an asylum, “Laboring

under delusiqns due to theuse of stimulants’
was the diagnosis of the examining physicians,

Miss Fox's friends hope that her present men-

tal state is only temporary, to be ameliorated

by reat and treatment of the kind she is tore-
celve now

The physicians who examined her at the re-
quest of her brother believe that her madness
fs permanent. All interested realize that her
physical condition is such as to make it proba-
ble that she will not, under any circumstances,

Hve many months longer Her incredible

vitality brought her through an attack of peri-

tonitis last winter after the doctors had

given up all hope of saving her life. A

year before she had recovered from an

illInesa that seemed nearly as_ serious.

But she {s now a wreck, wasted

and enfeebled, living on stimulants and

 

 

' go affected by their abuse that nothing re

mained but an asyluin as a means of temporary
relief. On Saturday tight she was at dinner in
the Casino in Central Park. She was then
under the Influence of stimulants and re-
marked to an acquaintance who met her
there that she had not slept at all the
night, before, but spent all the time
drinking cocktails in ber apartments at the
Parker. Her conduct and appearance made
that easily believable. It was that course of
life which led her brother, who came on from
St. Louis to look after her as much as possible,
to decide that she was a subject only for an in-
sane asylum and the alienisis agreed with bim
after a brief examination

Miss Fox could be persuaded to listen to the
advice ot nobody. Nor did the entreaties of
her brother, sister or the maid, who has been
with her through most of her stage career,
avail to interfere with her own wishes. She
was the member of an obscure fainily, who had
been for a while brililantly successful in her
own field, So her will was law--even when that
will happened, as it bas in the rast few months,
to be directed chiefly toward the enjoyment of
morphine or whiskey, champagne or opium, or
whatever stimulant or drug was easiest to
obtain,

Miss Fox has lived with her maid for some
weeks past in the Parker, at Thirty-njath
street and Broadway. Her last public a; pear-
ances were made about a month ago in one of
the continuous vaudeville theatres. it was then
piain that she was no longerin a condition to
resume her professional duties. After her se-
vere {Ilness lst winter Chorles Frohman offered
her the soubrette role in “Hearts are
Trumps.’ Her singing volce was gone
and she accepted the opportunity to appear in
a dramatic production. It became evident,
however, as soon as the rehearsals began that
Miss k ox would not be able to Undertake regular
appearances of any kind and she dropped quietly
outofthe cast. She was not heard of again
until she aitempied to sing in a vaudeville
theatre some of the old songa of her repertoire
notably the couplets from "Wang" beginntin
“A shady nook, a bubbling brook,” whie
had so much to do with making ber first repu-
tation. Her efforts were pitiful and she soon
dropped out of sight) Her use of stimulants
became more uncontrollable None of her
friends could tofluence her. Their protests
aguinst ber way of living became in her eves

 

a

 

a s-S  SS lseSs sr SS SSSS = SSSSS SSS

versecution, he believed that she was |
hounded by enemies and not urged and
advised by her relatives and friends,

! She thought that plans had been made to rob

her of the little money she possessed. She
complained bitterly of her lot to all whom she
met casually. Her maid, who had at one time
been able to awaken her to a sonse of her con-
dition, was now powerlens,

Her brother finglly concluded that something
might be done to prolong her iife if she were
committed toan asylum, Her evident insanity
made that easy, and A. H, Hummel began the

roceedings which ended yesterday in her
nearceration. Few persons familiar with
her condition believe that she will ever
leave the asvlum, although she is to-day
in the early thirties. But her life since she
first came Into publie notice was of the kind
that could have known but one ending. Her
old associates have orton expressed astonish-
ment that she was abloto go the pace so long
as she did.

Delia Fox was the precocicus child of aft. |

Louls photographer named Charies Fox She

met theatrical people in his atélier. She was |

stilla child when she became a member of a
juvenile ‘Pinafore’ company, and only a little
older when she acted through the Missouri
trains with a semi-amateur Yompany orgun-
ized in St. Louis. She played “Fditha’s Bur-
glar’ and after that was mature enough to play
soubrette roles in a third-class comic opera
company that appeared in the smaller cities
She came Inconspicuously to New York twelve
years ago and sang with flerman & Conried's
company at Niblo’s Gardon in Suppe’s opera;
“The King’s Fool,’ in which Joseph Herbert
was the leading comedian. But New York
audiences learned to know her first when
DeWolf Hopper became ae astar and a -
lected her as his associate in “(Castles
inthe Air.” Her childishoess of manner com-

 

Platt's

(Horie

The household disinfectant.

An odoriess, colorless liquid; power-
ful, safe and cheap. Instantly destroys
foul odors and chemically neutralizes
disease-breeding matter.

ofthe careful housekeeper, for purifying the wast:
pire water closets, SO KS, Cesspools, ete; for aprink:
ine about the cellars. stables and all suspicious
places where disease germa lurk,
Sold in quart Deitle® only, by eyes

gtocers department stores alers in hy fur
hing goods Prepared only by Heary B Plath
t Sireet. New York.

'

eee ene AS

 

Wickless Blue Flame Oil Stoves are
made in various sizes, and are sold
whereves stoves are sold. If your
dealer does noi keep them, write to
GTANDARD OIL COMPANY,

 

bined with a certain sophistication and as-
sertiveness was at that time her greates
charm. Her figure was slight and shapely, an
her moveinents bad a spontaneous grace that
made her a favorite, although her popularity
waseven then rather diMlcult t» explain, She
shared Mr. Hopper’s triumph in “Wang"' an
was stl his companion {In ‘‘Panjandrum.”
She retired from his company at the end
of that extravaganza’s existence and kissed
Fdna W» lace Hopper who succeeded her, in the
resence of the last audience to show the kindly
eeling she entertained toward her successor.
She was to become a star on her own responsi-
bility and began at the Casino in “The Little
Corporal” seven years ago. Those were the
golden days of her career and its climax,

She owned a cottage at Long Branch and was
a daily attendant at the races. She made short
trips to Europe and lived in democratic magnifi-
cence, Shortly after her career as a star began
she lost a friend who was supposed to have
apent much of the wealth that came from A

amily of millionaires in Fulftling her plans and
theatricalambition. Her second season began
with “Fleur-de-Lis’ which was not successful.
Her health had already shown signs of break-
ing down under her way of life. She retired,
aniatter a period of rest, reappeared at the
Casino with Lillian Russell and Jefferson
q Angelis }\ then nen Day.” She was ill
then and frequeu failed to take her part

After that tim@she was seen at irregular in-
tervals, She acted two years ago at the Herald
Square Theatre in “The Little Host,"” but was
soon compelled to leave the stage on acoount
of bad health. From that time until she at-
tempted to sing in the vaudeville theatres, Miss
Fox was in bad health. Her mother died dur-
ing her severe iliness last winter

ToLepo, Ohio, June 1.—Coincident with the
news of Della Fox's commitment to an
exylum, a former cornet soloist with
the DeWolf Hopper-Della Fox | combina-
tion, John Savieni, was taken to the county
infirmary to-day He stayed here when
the combination disbanded five years ago and
for the past two vears has been engaged with
the orchestra of the Valentine Theatre, Rheu-
matic gout rendered medical assistance imper-
ative und he was obliged to seek county ald.
He has travelled with Sousa, Gilmore, Cappa
and other musical directors.

MR. MANSFIELD GOT HIS DRESS SUIT.

The Actor Telegraphed for a Messenger Boy
to Hurry With It to New Lendon,

New Lonpoyx, Co n., dune 1.--When the 6:11
o'clock express train from New York rolled into
the Un‘on Railway station this evening a Postal
Telegraph messenger boy alighted from the plat-
form, holding a dress sult case. The boy
in uniform was met at the train by a
smoothly shaven man, attired in a drab-colored

flannel guit and wearing a Mght fedora hat.
The lad was Frank 3, Cummings, of 104th
street and Columbus avenue, New
and the warm weather costuined man was the
well-knewn actor, Richard Mansfield

Mr. Mansfield arrived here on (hursday after- |

noon on bis new schooner yacht Wayfarer,
which is riding at anchor off the actor's sum-
mer residence in the Eastern. Point colony at
Groton. Itisreported that Mr Mansfield, shortly

after his arrival, acoepted an invita-
tion 10 attena a reception at a
neighboring cottage this evening, and

early discovered that his dress suit was left in
New York. Full instructions were sent by wire
to New York for ‘orwarding the suit to this
city, and word came bnok that a messenger boy
with the dress case wou.d leave New York at3
o'clock,

When Mr. Mansfield relieved the boy of his
charge a smile of satisfaction spread over his
countenance and diving deep in his trouser’s
pockets he fished up a roll of bills, counted sev-
eral of them off and went aboard the ferry for
Eastern Point. The costo! transporting the
dress suit in rapid transit style is said to have
been about $20,

RIGHT TO CRITICISE THEATRICALS,

 

Unfavorable Newspaper Comment Declared to
Be Not Libellous.

BostTox, June 1.—The legal battle between the
Lowell Opera House and the Daily Sun of this
city in a libel suit is ended, Chief Justice
Holmes of the Supreme bench has handed down
the decision of the court overruling the plain-
tiffs’ exceptions to the verdict for the defendant,
rendered in the second Jury trial of the case,
The suit was originally brought in 1807, dam-
ages being placed at $15,Q00. The plaintiffs
said it was declared in Sun that the Irish
people were discriminated against and further
that the policy of the opera house would do
credit to a Salem street pawn shop, that the
costumes worn in some of the performances
were Indecent

Judge Flolmes said in his opinion that the |

articles in the Sun were criticisms on @ matter
of public interest,

Theatrical Notes.

It was decided lite yesterday to open Koster
and Bial’s roof garden to-night,
same entertaining vaudeville show that has
been in the music hall all week. The roof has
been freshened up, anda krge fountain has
been putonit. It has always been noted as
one of the coolest in the oity, as the breezes from
the river havea clear sweep up Thirty-fourth
street.

James Delcher, the theatrical manager, will

sail for Eurore on the Lucania to-day to confer |

with Kyrle Bellew. He has been in communica-

' tion with the actor for some time trying to get |

him to appear asa joint star with Gertrude
Coghlan next season in a dramatization of
“Vanity Fair." by the Inte Charles Coghian
The part
rominent, as Mr. Coghlan in ended playing it
imseif, eo it is worthy of Mr_ Bellew Miss
Coghlan will of course be the Becky Sharp, a
ardéle that ls to be acted in London by Marie
Tempest
The Lucania will take away three other man-
agers thia morning. Mare Klaw, who will see
the London production of “hen Hur,’ Thomas
W. Ryley, who is looking for a play for Mat-
thews and Bolger, and John Fisher, who
wantaa rest after directing Helena Modjeska’s
tour for a season
Arrangements were completed vesterday for
a season of light opera at the Lenox Lyceum
this summer under themanagement of George
Blumenthal. The hall will be ceoled by

liquid sir and refreshments will be served dur-
ing the performances. It will open June 18

Milly Kersands, Willams and Walker, black
Patti, Ma'tie Wilas ond other prominent negro
verformers will appear atthe Star on June 13
naspecial performance for the benefit of the
widow of Gnasie L. Davis, the colored song
writer

Three dane-a devised by G. Von Palm were
shown for the firat time at a private exhibition
inthe Grand Opera House yesterday. hey
were not startiingly original, but were never-
theleas very pretty, Thestage was hung with
dark cloth, and the dancer, Petite Taglione,
was followed by varied colored electric lights.
Electricity was also used to brighten bushes of
artincial flowers in one dance, and in another
to aive the effect of red flame to Mile. Tagiione’s
waving draperies.

Helen Keating will start rehearsing tosday to
take Roselle Knott's place as Lygia in “Quo

Vadig," ina week ortwo. Autographed photo-
graphs of the leading members of (he company
' are to be given atthe Saturday matinées, cone

druggivs, high-ciass |

|

Espretally prrpared to meet the datiy santiary uses | mencing this afternoon with a picture of Arthur

Forrest
vadt was decided last night to end the run of
‘Won anand Wine” and to close the Academy
of Music on June 9.

innie Ashley has been engaged to succeed
Bie ai in Francis Wilson's company,

and
‘hriatie en who was ide
place, will with Bever F. alley. mn ew

York city, |

giving the |

of Rawdon Crawley is especially |

the dirt, the ashes,
the trouble this

 
      

eee eee

FITCH SUES NETHERSOLE,

THE ACTRESS AND PLAYWRIGHT AP
ODDS OVER “SAPHO."

 

Mies Nethersole Deducted a Share of His Roy
alties to Meet the Legal Expenses of Cone
tinuing the Play, and Mr. Fitch Prompty
Told His Lawyers to Bring Suit,

Clyde Fitch is not to escape so easily as he exe
pected from the scandal caused by the efforts
to suppress the play ‘‘Sapho’' of which he is
the author, Olga Nethersole has deducted
from the royalties tobe paid to him what she
considers the share in the legal expenses of dee
fending the right to continue the production
of the drama which should be borne by the
author. It will bé remembered that Mr. Fitch
sailed for Europe when it was decided that the
case would have to co before the Grand Jury,
and was out of the reach of all subpenas before
his friends knew that he had lett this country.
Miss Nethersole was left to flight the matter
without the aldand comfort of the dramatist
| dn had prepared this troublesome play for
her

Miss Nethersole had to hay all the expenses
of the struggle to establish her right to per-
form the play. She notified Mr. Fite! that she
hod deducted from his royalties after the play
was resured the percentage which she thought
represented the ratio of expense he should have
borne in the proceedings. On receipt of this
informa ion, Mr. Fitch promptly instructed his
lawyer to begin proceedings against the actress
to recover the full amount due him

Miss Nethersole will of course flaht this
suit,’ said A. ii, Hummell, her attorney, yes-
ercay, afternoon, ‘‘as itis perfectly just that
Mr. Fiteh should stand bis share of the losa
that came from the efforts to prevent the per-
formanceof '‘Sapho.’ Any man might be expected
to stay on the spot and help the fight in
behalf of his own creation. But Mr. Fitch went
quietly to Kurope, leaving Miss Nethersole with
all the expenses of her company and sick from
the trouble which the whole business causes
her. He had received $14,000 in royalties before
the trouble bevan and should take the d@sses as
wel) as the profits,

“Tt seems to me that a play delivered by @

 

ramatist should carry with i! the guarantee
that can acted Miss Nethersole
was put to great expense to establish

this in the case of ‘Sapho' and, however,
great her victory niay have been, it seems per-
ectly clear to me that. the author of the
play should be made toshare the expense of
sucha nrooeeding, So his share will be deduct-
ed from Mr, Fitch's royalties, and Miss Nether-
sole will"fight any effort to recover them, just as
sie did her right io ive the play.”

Marcus Mayer her former manager has begun
suit avainst Miss Nethersole for breach of cons
tract and so have Nixon & Zimmermann, the
Philadelphia managers, who wanted her to
bring ‘'Sapho” to Philadelphia at the time she
promised.

 

TILATRE IN NEWARK SOLD?

 

Rumor That B. F. Keith Is to Establish @
Contineous Performance There,

It is rumpred in Newark that B. F. Keith has
purchased the new Empire Theatre and adjoine
j ine property in that city and will run acone

tinuous performance show there. The price
| said to have been paid is $225,000 for the theatre

and a narrow building on Market street which
| will give him an entrance upon the ride and
| rear of the Washington street building It is
| gaid that the transfer of the property will be
| made to-day. The Empire Theatre was built
| three years ago by the Kalisch fainily for Fred
= wh» ran {t for a year Harry

 

Hyams succeeded to the management. It is
the;newset and largest theatre in Newark.

 

Kaltenborn Concerts Begin To-night.

The first of the Kaltenborn concerts will be
given to-night at the St. Nicholas Garden in
West Sixty-sixth street. The number of
musicians has been increased to fifty and the

programme will offer the customary variety of

classical and popular music performed undof

Franz Kaltenborn's direction.
|

WAYWARD GIRL DIES OF POISON,

 

Bessie Gerard, Not Quite Fourteen, Kills Here
self to Escape Arrest,

Patcnoovue, J, 1., June 1,—Bessie Gerard, 16
years old, poisoned herself last night. Hessio's

| mother died ten years ago and she and her
| twin sister were adopted by their aunt, Mra.
Martin L. Baker, Some time later the sister
died. Bessie was wayward and she had bees
warned repeatedly that if she U'd not do better

+ phe would be sent to thea House of Correction.
Last Sunday she threw herself out of a seconde
| story window to escape all-day confinement,
Yesterday afternoon when Mr. Baker returned
home his wife informed him. that Bessie had

stolen $2 and a silk care, and they decidedto
; sendher away. the girl was li-fering, ine
|
\
|

 

while her foster father went to getawarrant for

er arrest ahe left the house, She took « bune

le of her best clothes and siopped at a melee

| bor's to change herattire, She then bouwstan

| ounee of laudanum, an oines of earbolic acid
anda bottle of cologne at a drug store

About 10. o’olock last night Charies Homan

| and Marcellus Roo, who  wereon their way
home, heard a scream, foliowed by moans.

They found Bessielyinginan open lot ab

Jennings and Thorn avenues writhing in pai

| She told them what she had done and said
bhe wanted todie [loman and Roe walke
' her to Dr. Bennett's offles, where she diedin @

few minutes. Coroner Bennott held the inquest
this morning

The dead girl's father, Buel Gerard, liv
Centre Moriches. She would have been 4
old in July,

a at

yeare

B. Altman & €o, announce

that to-day and on subsequent
Saturdays during the months of
June, July, August and September
their store will be closed at 12

o’clock (noon).

SR PL PET SOE TT SD

SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES

Allen's Foot-Fuse, a powder. It cures pain

| ful, swollen, smarting, nervous fe t and ine
growing nails, and instantly takes the sting out
of corns and bunions. It’s the greatest comiort
discovery of the eze. Allen's Foot-Fase makes
tight or new shoes feel easy. It isa certain
cure for sweating, callous and hot, tired, ach-

ing feet. Try itto-day. Sold by ail Crngeitts
and shoe stores. By mail Lor 260. in 5lHiijys.
Trial package FREE. Addre-s, Allen3.
ated, Le Koy, N. ¥.— Ads.

}