TELLS ABOUT COST OF ICE.

BAINE My THE REFEREE.

ertcan Company's Stockholders
am © the Attorney-Gencral’s Rep-

- vers Say tt Wil Be
pasar eh ry Publication To-day --
emneeet Morse Excused Until baa ort

brought by the Attorney-General

ant the corfeate under which the Ameri-

Joe Company does business in this State
the first testimony was taken yesterday before
Referee Myer Nussbaum in room 907 of the

neurance Building. When the
ree ee the morning Delancey Nicoll,
boost ng as special counsel for the ice oom-
y, asked for a further adjournment of the
pearing on the ground that he needed time to
pare himself to appear for his clients. Mr.
Niooll said that he had just been called into the
case, and that he was not familiar with its de-
tails. Judge B. F. Coyne, Special Deputy At-
torney-General, and Mr. Einstein of Einstein
& Townsend opposed Mr. Nicoll’s request, say
ing that enough time had already been lost in
delays, all caused by the defendants, and that
{t was time to get down to business. Mr, Nues-
baum was inclined to take this view, too, and
be ordered the examination of witnesses to
d. “I presume the people have some
rights in this case,” said Mr. Nussbaum, “and I
gee no reason for delay.”

Mr. Nicoll stated that he not only appeared
for the ice company, but for Charles W. Morse,
President of the company, as well, Mr. Nicoll
asked that Mr. Morse’s appearance be noted

n the record, and also the fact that Mr.
Morse had with him such books and papers a3
be had been commanded to produce under
subp@na, except such papers a8 had
been demanded, but which do not exist
Mr. Morse sat at a table near Mr. Nicoll, with a
lot of books and papers near. Mr. Einstein
said that h was willing to postpone the examl-
pation of Mr. Morse until Wednesday, and 80
Mr. Morse was excused.

Arthur Terry, Secretary of the City Trust
Company, was then called as the first witness,
Before he was sworn Mr. Nicoll strongly ob-
jected on the ground that his testimony might
deny the defendants the right guaranteed
under the Constitution, that a citizen need not
testify against himself. Mr.Nicoll held that
gs the City Trust Company was the registrar
of the stock of the American Ice Company,
an officer of the Trust company called upon to
reveal the names of the stockholders of the de-
fendant company really stood in the place
of the defendant company and, therefore,
was called upon to give testimony against him-
self. The objection was overruled and the
witness was examined by Judge Coyne. The
witness said that he had the record of stock

transfers of the American Ice Company with
bim. When asked in whose name the first
stock on the book was held a long argument
ensued over the question asto whether the
names of the stockholders in the ice company
should then and there be made public. It was
finally agreed between counsel that the stock
record should be turned over to Judge Coyne
and Mr, Einstein for their personal examination,
but that it should not be made public. What
transpired to change the tenor of this agree-
ment is not known, but it was said at the office
of Kinstein & Townsend late yesterday after-
noon that the list would be given to the news-

pers for publication in to-morrow morning's

ues.
The only witness of the afternoon session was

t. Abram Rich of Farmingdale, Me. Capt,

ch said that he had served as an officer in the
nited States navy from October, 1863, to the
close of the war, had then returned to Maine
and ged in the shipping business. From
1870 ant ‘eb. 18, 1807, he was engaged in the
wholesale and retail ice business, his houses
ing logated on the banks of the Kennebec
ver, while his eeting held was Philadelphia

d Washington. On Feb. 18, 1897, he sold the
two foe houses he then owned to the Consoli-
Setod ice Company, of which Charles W, Morse
‘was President, and of which the witness be-
a superintendent after he sold out, In

coh, 1809, he said, the Consolidated com-
controlled 90 per cent. of the entire ice crop

né.

oe Mr. Shearn of Einstein & Townsend)
Can you tell us what the average cost per ton is
for harvesting ice in Maine under normal con-
ditions? Ah ranges from 12 cents to 20 cents
ton. I should say ice in the house costs the

rvester from 16 to 18 cents a ton,
Q. And what does it cost on board ship for
New York? A. From 80 centa to 85 cents per

ton.

Q. And what is the average cost of transporta-
tion from the ice houses on the Kennebec or
Penobscot to the pier in New York? A, About
4 cents a ton.

Q. And what does it cost to transfer the ice
from the vessel or barge to the scales? A.
About 15 centa ton.

Q. What is the percent. of waste from
the ice house to the scales? A. About 10 per
cent. on the invoice from Maine, if the ice is
brought down in barges. If it is brought
down in sailing vessels the waste is nearly
15 per cent. We usually ure, however,
that 1,000 tons of ica measured in Maine will
measure 900 tons in New York.

. Well, what do you figure that one ton
of hi delivered in New York from Maine
ve id cost the dealer? A. About $1.22% a

Nn.

Q. Ia there any profit in the 100-pounds busi-
ness when the ice is sold at 20 cents a hundred
and when ice at the bridge costes as high as

ven $1.50 per ton? A. So great a profit that
rou id like to have the monopoly in any city
this country.

Q. About what does it cost the dealer to de-
liver ice to his customers? A. A fair state-

ent of the cost of delivery in such cities as

ew York, Philadelphia or Washington, is
about 17centsa hundred, This would make the
foe sold in New York this year cost the Ameri-
a Company, all expenses included, about

Capt. Rich was then questioned by Mr.
hearn as to the amount of ice harvested in
aine last winter. The witness said that
there was 887,531 tons, which, together with
615,909 tons carried over from the year before
brought the available crop this year up to
1,402.51 tons, or considerably more than the
crop of 1898-0

Q Was there any scarcity in the ice crop
{n Maine this your? A. Oh, no, there was
Plenty of ice if anybody had wanted to put

up

Q. Were the houses of the American Ice
Company full when they stopped harvesting?
A. Oh. no. Their houses would have held
f.000 tons more had they seen fit to harvest

Q. What proportion of the ice harvested this
ar in Maine belongs to the American Ice
mpany? A, About 95 per cent,
The witness was taken in hand by William
. Rand, Jr,. one of the attorneys for the ice
Gmpany. He brought out the fact that it
Was first suggested to the witness that he should
Come to New York to testify for the State in
these proceedings by a man named Hopkins, a
dlerk in the office of Einstein & Townsend.
Capt. Rich also admitted that he didn’t pay his
are from Maine to New York. Mr. Rand also
ought out the fact that Capt. Rich has a
Grievance against President Morse of the Ameri-
can lce Company. The captain failed in 1886
and, to use hisown ox prenston, “T paid just one
nt on the dollar and my creditors were per-
ectly satisfied.” At the time of his failure and
or some time before, according to the captain's
testimony, Mr. Morse had been trying to get
Capt. Rich to sell his plant to the Consolidated
¢Company. The captain refused and when
@ failed he gave a quit-claim deed to Dingley
rothers, who held a mortgag® on his prop-
erty When he gave this deed the Dingle
Brothers signed an agreement, under which
ey were to turn over the captain's ice prop-
erties to him within @ certain specified pe-
God providing he paid the face of the mortgage
@ndtheinterest. Capt. Rich testified vesterday
at the Dingley Brothers, instead of keeping
caf rooment, sold his property to the Consoli-
~ Ice Company, and he has never been able
engage in the ice business since. At the
Conclusion of Capt. Rich’s testimony the takin
urther testimony was adjourned until
nday morning, 11 o'clock.
on was learned yesterday afternoon thatthe
y is the largest purchaser of ice from the
erican Ice Company, When this fact was
ought out, the point was made that, if the
4yor and other city officials own stock in
® American Ice Company. as is alleged. they
axe Deen guilty of a misdemeanor, Section
_ of the ( harter was quoted in support of
an olnt. This section provides that "No
: mber of the Municipal Assembly, head of
aa artment, chief of a bureau, deputy thereof,
u clerk therein, or other officer of the corpora-
on, shall be or become, directly or indirectly,
Sere in. or in the performance of, any
ores work or business, or the sale of any
whi 4 the expense, price or consideration of
ae \ ‘8 payable from the city treasury, or
of anesearment levied by an act or ordinance
the 2° Municipal Assembly,” According to
Is same ( harter section, any city official who
Pund guilty of violating this section shall

Bent bis office and be punished for misde-

 

Gen, Hawkins Has Pneamonta,

aw SLoerm, June 1.—Gen. Hamilton 8.
Awkins, whois suffering from an attack of
roemente, was reportedt)> be resting easier
fe-day 4t Fort Slocum, where he has been stay-
ri afte home of his daughter since he was
he At the close of the Santiago campaiga.
nee his condition, either for the better
i -isexpected in ‘about twelve hours.
rt awkins is being attended by Dr. Charles

ar
vent driest surgeon, attached to the

MAN BETRAYS TRADE SECRETS ;

  

MYERS OUT OF THE HOSPITAL.

Women and Man Who Thrashed Him Stilt) tn
Jall—-A Miss Lenn a Co- Respondent.

Augustus C. Myers, who was thrashed In
his bachelor apartments on Wednesday night
by Miss Edna Benn of 429 Fifth avenue and her
friends, Henry L. Brooks and his wife, Mrs.
Maud Brooks of 108 West Fifty-eighth street
for making’ alleged slanderous statements
about Miss Benn, did not appear in the Jefferson
Market police court yesterday morning when
the examination of Miss Bennand the Brookses
on the charge of felonious assault was called.
A letter sent*to Magistrate Flammer by Dr.
Turnure, House Surgeon of the New York
Hospital, announced that Myers was unable
to leave the hospital. He did leave the hospital,
however, at 11:30 o'clock and went to his apart-
ments which still bore traces of the scrimmage
of Wednesday night.

When Miss Benn and the Brookses appeared
in court after spending the night in jail, Lawyer
Lowenstein asked Magistrate Flammer to
reduce their bail, which had been raised on
Thursday from $500 to $1,000 each.

“These three persons are perfectly respect-
able,” said Mr. Lowenstein, “and as Mr. Myers’s
injuries are not serious I see no reason for this
excessive bail. They have already spent one
night in Jail.”

Detective Barry told the Magistrate that
Myers had merely a few cuts on his arm, which
he said were stab wounds, but which the doc-
tors said positively were caused by broken
glass. The Magistrate then consented to re-
duce the bail to $500 for each person and ad-
journed the examination till this morning.
Ashort time later Myers’s counsel, W. A. Mitchell
appeared in court and made a long argument

to have phe bail raiped f° $1,000 again.

“I've just seen Mr. Myers at the hospital,”
said the lawyer. “Two of his teeth are knocked
out, his Hp te badly cut and
I think the bail
In reply to a
Mr. Mitchell sai
Benn slight

 

his arm. wounded,
oat oa’ anette
on from. the 8
that Myers had known Miss
"Then he hrought

it on himself by his asso-
ciations, perhaps, .

\ d the Magteinete.

No one appeared to offer bail for the pris-
oners, even in the reduced amount, and when
the court closed their lawyer said that they
gould probably have to spend another night
in jail.

Miss Benn's thumb, which was bitten b
Myers in the fight, Dale her eo much Thure-
day night that an ambulance surgeon had
to be called to dress it. She was still suffer-
ing considerably from it yesterday and there
is some danger of blood poisoning setting in.
Myers's charges of extortion, the prisoners’
lawyer says, is ridi us. His clients knew
that Myers was not worth anything, he says,
and it would be silly for them to demand any-
thing like the enormous sums that have been
mentioned.

In the action of May E. Weil for ay abso-
Jute divorce from Broker Henry G. Weil in the
Supreme Court, which has come up on mo-
tions for alimony and counsel fees, but has not
yet been tried, a number of women are named
&3 co-respondents, and among the charges
is the following:

“Feb. 10, 24, 25, 1900, with a woman named
Miss Benn, whose first name is unknown t
the plaintiff, but who then and now resided
and resides on the top floor of 420 Fifth ave-
nue,the place of such apatery the apart-
ments of Mrs. Emilie Goebel at 110 Weet For-
tieth street.”

The further general charge fe made that
Weil committed adultery with divers persons
at 420 Fifth avenue, 110 West Fortieth street
end elsewhere. The spores house at 439

Fifth avenue, where Myers li is given in
the 1“) the divorce case as reeldence
of Weil aleo. Sixother 00 res} ents besides
Miss Benn are named in the sul

 

SCHUCHHARDT'S WILL BROKEN,

A Jury Decides That Be Was Improperly Ina-
fluenced by Mrs. Lynch.

A jury in the Circuit Court {n Jersey City
decided yesterday that the will of George Schuch-
hardt of 112 Cottage Street was invalid because
he had been improperly influenced by Mrs.
Margaret Lynch. The proceeding was some-
what unusual, it being only the second time in
Hudson county that a will has been referred
from the Orphans’ Court to the Circuit Court to
have its validity determined by a jury. When
the will was filed recently with Surrogate Lillis
for probate a caveat was filed by the testator's
widow, Kate Schuchhardt, his sons Charles and
William and his daughter Lillian. The widow
was not mentioned inthe will. The sum of $5
was left to Charles and $25 to William. The

remainder of the estate, which is estimated
to be worth 830,000, was divided in equal shares
between Lillian, her brotherGeorge and an
illegitimate daughter of the testator named
Georgiana, whose mother is Mrs. Lynch. The
bequest to Lillian was conditional on her not
marrying John Cutter. If she married Cutter
her share was to be divided equally between
George and Georgianna Lillian married Cut-
ter ereby forfeiting her inheritance if the
will had been allowed to stand.

Testimony was introduced showing that
Schuchhardt_ and Mrs. Lynch h Bred Se
at Mrs.

foe in a flat in Union street an
ynch knew the contenta of the will before
the testator’s death. It was shown that she
had told Mrs. Schuchhardt and the disinherited
sons that they would receive no part of the
estate and that Georgianna was to be an heiress.

The verdict leaves the estate just as if Schuch-
hardt had died intestate and the property will
be divided between the legitimate heirs. Geor-
gianna will not come in for any share of it
under the law, but it is underst that the heirs
who are very much attached to her will provide
forher. Anappeal from the verdict can be taken
to the Prerogative Court of which Chancellor
Magie is Proctor.

WOMAN WRITER'S DOWNFALL,

 

Lacy C. Lillie, Now in the House of the Good
Shepherd, Wrote Many Books for Girls.

The Lucy C. Lillie who was taken to the House
of the Good Shepherd from the Yorkville police
court on Thursday as a habitual drunkard,
under commitment for six months, was at one
time well known as a writer of books for girls.
For several months, it was said yesterday at
914 East Forty-first street, where she bas been
living, she has been drinking heavily, and as
she did no work she was far behind in her rent.
Nothing could be done to check her propensity
for intoxication, and others in the house de-

cided at last that the only thing to be done was
to have her committed to some institution,
Her health js badly broken down by her ex-

CeORSES.

Mrs. Lillie told her acquaintances in the
boarding house that she was a widow and that
her maiden name was White. All her near
relatives were dead, she said, and she had no
intimate friends upon whom she gould cali for
assistance. Many ot her books wére published
by Harper Bros. At.the Harper firin yes-
terday it was said that Mrs. Lillie had not been
there for three years and that the last time she
came she seemed much in need of money. So
far as was known she had done no literary work
for several years. She began her book writing
about 1885 and for the next five years wrote
industriously and with fair success, One of her
books, “Ruth Endicott’s Way, ' had a conasid-
erable sale. Other books by her are “The
Story of Music and Musicians,’ ‘‘Rolf House,”
“The Colonel's Money,” ‘do's Opnortunity,”
“The Household of Glen Holly,”’ “The Story of
English Literature,’’ '‘Prucence, a Novel of
Aesthetic London,” “Alison's Adventures,"
“My Mother's Enemy” and ‘Roslyn’s Trust.”

SUTTON ACQUITTED,

 

 

URS.

oemggincne
New Jersey Woman Accased of Potsoning Her
Husband Goes Free.

Morristown, N. 4.. June 1.—Mrs. Emma K,
Sutton, accused of poisoning her husband, was
acquitted this afternoon, When the verdict
was rendered there was loud clapping of hands
and cheering. Women in the gallery waved
handkerchiefs. Justice Fort rapped for order
and suppressed the demonstration. Counsel for
the defence shook hands with the jurors after
he had taken Mrs. Sutton’s hand, te did not
congratulate her, but just shook her hand
silently, Dr. dacquemin, enaees for the de-
fence, conaratulated her and so did muny of
the speciators

Mrs. Sutton went to her celj, packed up her
few belongings and lett for home on alae train,
In the cell she held an impromptu reception for
a crowd of men and women wio believed her
innocent and congratulated her. She accepted
it gratefully and eagerly.

LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL Lt
~

 

 

 

Rochester Bar Association Decides to Be Si-
lent on Hazel’s Nomination.

RoOcHESTER, June 1,—The adjourned meeting
of the Rochester Bar Association this after-
noon was productive of many flights of ora-
tory. There was a big delegation of Buffalo
lawyers. Speeches were made for and agninst
Hazel, and then Horace McGuire offered a reso-
lution deciaring that while the oopenee did
not come vp to what they had expected, Mr.
Hazel would probably in tine make a good
Judge and the association did not desire to
take aciion, Abraham Benedict wanted an
anenument to the effoct that the association
condemns the appointment. William N. Cogs-
well proposed a motion that was aitacst similar
to Mr. McGuire's, the tenor of which was that
the association sbould nut act one way or the
other. Mr. Cogswell’s motion was carried by a
vote ao’ tte m,

 

i
{
|
'

|

CUBANS AFTER THE FACTS,
TMEY WANT MORE INVESTIGATIONS
OF THE ISLAND'S ACCOUNTS,

Major Rathbone to Have an Opportunity to
Explain Soon— Demand That We Shall
Speak if He Has Anything to Expose—
Anger Over an Order Forbidding Smoking.

Special Cabdle Despatch to ‘THE SUN,
Havana, June 1. -By next week the accounts
of the Post Office will be in such shape that

| Director of Posts Bristow will be ready to con-

|
|

fer with Mr. Rathbone and to hear any expla-
nation that the former Director of Posts cares
to make, Mr. Bristow's recommendat:ons to
the Government as to the action to be taken
in Rathbone’s case will depend on what the
latter then says, When part of the investiga-
tion is closed all the rural offices will be ex-
amined to determine if their accounts tally
with what appear to be the accounts at head-
quarters. It is expected that there will b»
some reduction in the working forces of the
outside offices.

The longer the investigation continues the
more intorested the Cubans appear to become.
The Veterans’ Association is planning to peti-
tion Congress for an investigation of every de-
partment disbursing Cuban funds. It will ask
that @ Cuban be appointed a member of the
commission of investigation in order that the
people of the island may have confidence in
the reports, After this the association wants
to have Cubans put in charge of the Custom
House, the Post Office Department, the En-
gineers’ Department and all other depart-
mepta now controlled by Americans. In con-
n n With this subject the Discusion declares
that the island has been crowded with offictals
sent to teach the Cubans how to govern them-
selves There has been plenty of time to build
upa scheme of government, it adds, but this
has not been done because tho officials were
bad teachers.

The Lwucha's editorial, threatening an ez-
posure by Major Rathbone of the conduct of
higher officials if he is annoyed, finds a re-
joinder in to-day'’s Poet, which says that the
Government should not lose a minute in calling
hie bluff. The Lucha has been generally re-
garded as speaking directly in the interests of
the former Director of Posts. Its utterances
are looked upon as authoritative, It has as-

sumed to be the defender of Rathbone
{n season and out of season. There-
fore, when it voices sentiments like the

foregoing they cannot but be acoepted as com-
ing from an Inspired quarter. The editorial
referred to was a direct deflance of the
Administration here andin Washington and a
warning that Rathbone would turn on bis
accusers, The public is quite willing to believe
that Rathbone is guiltless of wrongdoing until
the contrary is proved, but the people are in no
temper for a game of bluff. If Rathbone knows
anything of a disoreditable nature, no matter
how high the official whom his knowledge
affects, it is clearly the public demand that he
inform the proper authorities,

Another instance of petty folly, insignificant
in itself, but extremely offensive to a people
like the Cubdnr, has turned up in the Auditor's
office, where Auditor Brooks has forbidden
smoking. Such an order was previously un-
heard of in Cuba, where all men and many
women smoke, even at funerals. Cubans see in
the order a curtailment of their personal liberty
by aliens, and {t adds to the dislike of Americans
without the slightest compensating gain. This
order is more damaging than acts of really
much greater importance, such as changes in
the fundamental rules of law or education.

 

WAS NEITHER DRUGGED NOR ROBBED.

 

Death of Thomas E. Earlick, the Vaudeville
Actor, Was Wholly Accidental.

Thomas EF. Earlick, the vaudeville actor, bet-
ter known to theatrical people as Thomas E.
Miaco, died in the New York Hospital late on
Thursday night of the injuries he received by
falling downstairs in the Morton House on
Tuesday. An autopsy on his body, made by
Coroner's Physician ©’Hanlon, effectually dis-
proved @ sensational yarn that Earlick was
drugged when he fell, and an investigation
made by the police made it clear that he bad
not been robbed just before death, as was also
charged. His jewelry, which is valued at about
$3,000, and $400 in Lills and checks were taken
charge of by the hotel people and will be turned
over to the heirs.

Mr. Earlick owned the Trocadero Vaudeville
House in Philadelphia, the Trocadero in Chi-
cago, the Dewey in Minneapolis, the Star in St
Paul and the Trocadero {n Omaha. He was
also the manager and proprietor of the Miaco
City Club, the Miaco Jolly Grass Widows
and several other road companies, He was a
thirty-third degree Mason, a member of the
Elks, Actors’ Fund, the Lambs ard other or-
ganizations, His funeral will be held at the
Masonic Temple to-day. The body will be re-
moved to Medina for burial.

BAD BILLS

 

AT NORTH BRACH,

Three Young Men Accused of Passing Coan-
terfeit Money.

Two counterfeit five-dollar bills were passed
on the proprietors of resorts at North Beach
on Memorial Day and the police were notified,
They kept theireyes open and late Thursday
night arrested three young men on charges of
disposing of three five-dollar counterfeits.
They would make a purchase, it is alleged,
tender a bill in payment and walk off with the
change. The prisoners described themselves
as John Duffy, 24 years old, of 693 First avenue;
Edward Kelly, 22 years old, of 215 East Sevent y-
fourth street, this city, and Charles Brown, 26
years old, of New Haven, Conn. They were
charged with passing counterfeit bills en
Charles A. Schultz, John Squires and Pasquale
Cianci. They were taken to Brooklyn to be
arraigned before a United States Commis-
sioner. Detectives at Police Headquarters
identified Brown as an ex-convict.

 

MR, HENRY'S JEWELS RELEASED,

 

He Brought Them Here as Gifts to the Bride
He Would Take Back to London,

The Secretary of the Treasury has ordered
Collector Bidwell to release a number of articles
of jewelry that were brought here about two
months ago by Philip 8S. Henry, a London
broker. When the a ticles were seized Mr.
Henry declared that they were intended as
presents to his bride-elect, Mias Florine Lewi-
sohn of New; ort, and as she was going to
make her home in London the jewelry could
scarcely be regarded as an importation.

The total forgign vaiue of the articles is
$7,537 and with Auties added their total value
would be $12,000, It has been admitted by Mr.
Henry that a diamond bracelet ind two dress-
{nz cases were intended as gifts by him to
members of his bride's family. These have
been confiscated and to recover them he will
have to pay their foreign value of $1,225, be-
sides duties amounting to $701.25,

J. L. JENSEN MARRIES MRS, STYLES.
Styles Died Last Wintor—Wedding
Hastened by Mr. Jensen's Miness,

HempsteaD, I. 1, June 1-—James I, Jensen,
formerly a Police Commissioner of Brooklyn,
was married on Wednesday to Mrs. Eliza A
Styles at the bride's handsome home, corner
of William street and Gerard place. Mrs.
Styles's first husband died last winter in
Middletown. Mr. Jensen had lived with the
Styleses for many years. He became ill with
pneumonia last week, and for this ren on the
marriage took piace sooner than had been
expect d. They sent for the Rev. Kugene
Zuiger, pastor ot the German Lutheran Church,
and he made them inan and wife. Mr. Jensen
is 62 years old and Mrs Jensen is 56. She has
two grown sons, who live with her. She hasa
home on Bedtord avenue, Brooklyn, where she
lives in the winter.

COURT HOUSE REPAIRS PUT OFF,

 

 

Work Not to Be Begun Until After the Next
Manicipal Elections,

The Committee of Supreme Court Justices, in
charge of the work of repairing the County
Court House, bas written to President Guggen-
heimer of the Council and to Comptroller Coler,
to say that the work of repairing has been put
off indefinitely. The courts were 10 have been
moved to a new building at Nineteenth street
and Fourth avenue wihue the repairs were goi
on anu it whs understood that a jease of aevera
floors in that building had been signed. This
plan has been given up and the courts will re-
main where they are for the present,

Jt was said on good authority yesterday that
the work on the court house will not be be-

nuntil after then xt municipal election. It

+ said that the Justices plan te spend a lot of
wovev,

 

i

BENHAM MURDER TRIAL,

The Defence Trying to Show That Mrs. Ben-
i ham's Death Was Caused by Morphive.
Rocnesten, June 1.—A. C. Wade of counsel

for W. C. Benham, accused of wife murder,

 

| asked at the opening of to-day’s session for
an order of Judge Houghton requiring the
prosecution to hand over the minutes of the
Grand Jury which indicted Benham. Dis-
trict Attorney Randall had refused to give
them to Mr. Wade. Kx-District Attor-
hey Leseur of Batavia was in the court
room with the minutes in his possession
and he refused to turn them over unless Mr.
Randall consented. Mr. Leseur was placed
on the stand, and at the close Judge Hough-
ton directed that a copy of the minutes be
given to the defence.
The examination of Dr. Morris Townsend
was resumed, The defence brought out that

morphine was used quite extensively in treat-
ne Mrs. Benham. Morphine and phenace-
tine were the remedies prescribed for her b
he witness. The physician reluctantly ad-
mitted that an excessive use of morphine
might cause a sudden fatal heart paralysis
on the abrupt withdrawal of the drug. There

are three stages of cure for the morphine
habit, the gradual reduction, rapid red
tion and abrupt withdrawal.
if it was not
morphine from a habitual

u0-
He was asked
langerous to abruptly withdraw
user of the drug.
Mr. Wade demonstrated from his examination
on this point that the defence is to make a
Strong point of the use of morphine by the
murdered woman as the probable cause o
er death.

The most im;
was given by
on the stand at a
was one of the physicians who

ham. Her eyes tu
her skin was flushed.

tant of the day’s testimony
r. Lemuel L. Tozier, who was
ournment. Dr. Tozier
ttended Mrs.
yellow
Sho was continually
trying to fleck something from her nose and
hands, sure signs of prussic acid ing,
Dr. Tozier said. Dr. Tozier’s testimony on
this point was weakened by his on
that most of the conditions observed might
have reanited from morphine, such as was

 

 

providing that after April 20, 1900, no pictures,
coupons, prizes or other inducements should be
Placed in packages of fine cut chewing tobacoo,
smoking tobacoo, cigarettes or little cigars
went into effect yesterday. The date for put-
ting the law in force was extended to June 1 80
that no hardship might be caused to any one,

and Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue Wen-
dell said yesterday concerning it:

‘This law was passed pri narily to get around
a difficulty the internal revenue collectors ex-
perienced in appraising cigarettes. Cigarettes
are taxable according to weight. The ordinary
tax on them is $1.50 a thousand.
weighing three pounds or over to the thousan
are placed under the cigar schedule and tared
at the rate of $360. Often the manufacturers
explain heavy weight packages by saving that
pictures or cards account for most of the ex-
cess weight. I do not consider the law a har
ship to manufacturers or retailera, and I think

Cigaret

it will help the internal revenue offivers.

FAKE NURSERY WOMAN GOES TO JAIL,

Sent to the Penitentiary for a Year for Swin-
dling Subscribers,

Mrs. Bridget T. Redmond of the Guardian
Angel Nursery at98 Varick street was oon-
victed in Special Sessions yesterday of swine
dling the persons from whom she collected sub-
scriptions for the nursery, in which she kept
one cnild, a friend's. It was said in court that
the woman's real name was Catherine Fay and

that she had been convicted of a sim'lar offence
in Philade!phia.

“We believe that you are abad and dangerous
woman,” said Just icé MoKean, in pronouncing
sentence. “Not only have you swindled many
honest persons, but your actions tend to cast a
doubt ove: the honesty of many persons mak-
ing asimilar appeal for support. We think
that a severe sentence in your case will act asa
warning. Youare therefore sentenced to one
year's imprisonment in the penitentiary.”’

 

—w——

HAWAII'S NEW GOVERNMENT.

The American Conselate to Be Abolished
After Sixty Years’ Existence.

HoNo.Lvtr, May 25, via San Francisco, June
1.--Preparations are being made for the in-
augration of Gov. Dole, Secretary of the Ter-
ritory Henry E. Cooper and the new Territorial
Government. OnJunels the American Con-
sulate will be abolished after sixty yeara of
existence, The records of the office, many of
which are of great historical value, willgotothe
State Deparinent at Washington. It is ex-
pected that Consul-General Haywood will get
one of the new United States offices in the
Territory, probably that of Collector of Cus
toms.

The Democrate have called a Territorial con-
vention for June 11 to elect a delegate to the
National Convention and to organize the party
in Hawaii.

MILLER'S PUNISHMENT.

 

The Franklin Syndicate Man May Enter Sing
Sing Prison To-day.

Willlam F. Miller of Franklin Syndicate fame
will probably begin to serve his sentence of ten
years’ imprisonment in Sing Sing to-day, as
Supreme Court Justice Gaynor in Brooklyn

yesterday afternoon denied the motion for a
certificate of reasonable doubt. Miller was
convicted of grand lareeny in the first degree
and he wassentenced by Judge Hurdin the
County Court.

 

Military Surgeons to Adjourn To-day.

Thesessions of the ninth annual meeting of the
Association of Military Surgeons of the United
States were continued yesterday at the Acad-
ery of Medicine. The meeting will be con-
cluded this morning. Yesterday afternoon
Lieut. R. EF. Bell of the Massachusetts V olunteer
Militia read a piper on “Some Observations
Made During My Service in the Spanish-Amert-
ean War;"' Allen A. Wesley, late Major and
Surgeon of Volunteers from Lilinois, told of the
war as seen by a military surgeon; Major R. J.
Fitz Gerald, late surgeon of the Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers, read a paper on “Some
Experiences of a Volunteer Surgeon in the
Philippines;"’ Major Louis L. Seaman, U.S. V.,
one on The Utilization of Native Troops in
Colonial Possessions,” and Surgeon. G. T.
Vaughan of the United States Marine Hospital
apaper on The Diagnosis and Treatment of
Gunshot Wounds of the Abdomen.” Brig.-Gen,
John V. Shoemaker, Surgeon-General of the
National Guard of Pennsylvania, gave some
experiences in the treatment of sick soldiers in
Philadelphia after the Spanish war,

Last evening the association dined at the
Murray Hill Hotel.

 

Brown University Sentor Honors,

Provipence, R.1., June 1. The Cammarion
Club, the senior honorary society at Brown
University, announced in charel this morning
the names of the juniors chosen to compose the
society next year, Thestudent body cheered
earch junior as he was escorted tothe front of
Sayles Hall. The juniors elected are E. 8.
Chase, H. N. Davis, E. T Grose, T, H. Guildand
R. W. Steere of Providence; W. L. Clarke,
N.Y.; HA. Coff'fa, Fast Fairfield, Me. ;
Greene, Newtor Center, Mass. ; W.R:
Harvey, Newport; ©.8, Hoyt, New York; M.
J. Linden, Chicago, H. H. Tucker, Lee, Mass.,
and Libe Washburne, the ‘Varsity pitcher, of
Lyme, N.

Robert Goe!ct Honored at Harvard,

CAMBRIDGE, Mass, June 1.--At the last meet-
ing of the Cercle Frangais of Harvard Rol ert
Goelet of New York, whois now slowly recov-
ering from a severe accident at the Country
Club, was elected President for the ensuing
year; A. §. Dixey, 02, New York, was elecied
Vioe-Pr sident; J. A. Dix, ‘02, New York, Sec-
retury; and H.C. Dickinson, '02, Treasur r. It
was decided to xive, as the annual theatrical
presentarion, “Crispin Médecin,’’ a short three-
act play similar io the works of Moliére, pre-

Rome,
uw. F

 

ceded by a modern one-act curtain raiser,

No
lecturer bas yet been selected

 

The Kearsarge at the Navy Yard,

The big battleship Kearsarge errived at the
navy yard yesterday morning anda salute of
thirteen guns was fired in honor of Rear Admiral
Philip. Seven guns responded from the Cob
Pock in honor of. her commander, Cant. Wil-
liam I. Folger. The Kearsarge will go into dry
dock this morning when her hull will be
scraped and painted, She will proceed to New-
port next week to take part in the regular
summer cruise of the North Atlantic Squadron

 

Examinations at West Point,

West Pornt, June 1.--To-day the West Point
Cadets entered upon the annual trying ordeal,
their mental examination by the Academy
Board, Allexcept four of the Board of Visi-
tors have arrived. An _ organization was
effected by the election of Gen. Manderson of
Nebraska, President, and Col. Church of New
York, Secretary. At 4 o'clock this afternoon
rand review and @ war salute

ard,

there was
theod for the

|
prescr:
NEW TOBACCO LAW IN EFFECT.
It Prohtbite the Enclosere of Pictures in Pack-
ages of Cigarettes and Fine Cat Tebacce.
The law enacted by Congress {n March, 1887,

ee Ss ss SS...

  
  
  

Absolutely Pure

   

When there are so many impure and unwhole-
some mixtures, called baking powders,in the market,
consumers will wisely adhere to the Royal, whose
good qualities they have proven, and whose superior
purity, strength and wholesomeness have been offic-
lally certified by the United States Government and
State Food authorities.

The foremost baking powder in all the world.

The governm
cheap imitation baking powders, made from

ent chemists found numerous

alum. Alum fs a poison, and the sale of alum
baking powder is prohibited in many states,

OVAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM 8T., NEW YORK.

 

SAYS HE WAS CRUEL TO HER

R. C. SIBLEY SUBS HER HUS-
BAND FOR SEPARATION.

Wouldn't Let Her Read Novels and Struck
Ber, She Alleges, When She Said a Mar-
ried Man Should Spend His Time at Home
—Dec'ares That He Was Vain of His Form.

CarlieWeil Sibley moved before Justice Leven-
tritt of the Supreme Court yesterday for $250
a week alimony and a counsel fee of $2,500 in
an action she has brought for a separation on
allegations of cruelty and abandonment against
Richard Clay Sibley. Mr. Sibley was formerly
active fn the affairs of the Bay State Distilling
Company and the Great White Spirits Distilling
Company, and his wife alleges he still has a
controlling interest in those companies. She
states he has other property, and while she does
not krow his income, it is much in excess of
$25,000 a rear.

The Sibleys were married tn 1986 and have
two children, Adele, 12, and Aline, 11 years
old. Her maiden name was Weil and her grand-
father,Henry Weil, who turned over large sums
of money to them, was very wealthy. She
states that her husband has Joined at different
times the wealthiest clubs of the city and has
always lived as befitted a man of large woalth.
She says she is informed that he made hundreds
of thousands of dollars out of the tvo companies
named. Besides he obtained, as she {s informed,
about $350,000 from her grandfather, Mr. Weil's
estate. Once, she says, Mr. Weil gave him
$100,000 {n a lump, and she understands she was
to get $60,000 of it, but that her husband kept it
all.

Soon after the marriage, she alleges, he spoke
of Joining a lot of clubs, and she remarked that
a married man should not join so many, but
should spend his time at home. She says he
strick her for this advice. She avers that
when he would catch her reading a novel he
would take it from her and tell her not to read
trashy literature. No one under his roof,
he said, should read a novel. He would advise
her, she avers, to read Gibbon’s “Decline and
Fall of the Roman Empire.”

About ten years ago while they were residing
at 251 West Seventy-fifth street, she states,
her husband used to appear at the rear win-
dows of their house in scant attire or no attire
at all, She declares that he was vain of his
form, When she upbraided him for this con-
duct she says he flew in a rage, acted like a
wild animal, and told her to mind her own
business, Subsequently he was arrested at
the instance of a tenant of a house in the rear,

He war discharged in a police court on show-
ing that he was taking exercise and did not
think any one could see him at this work, She

 

MRS.

 

never struck her and has permitted her to
dance. He states that he joined the clubs
to make uaintances to help entertain her.
@ never made the statement abou novels. He
id not advise her to Gibbon, It was
vecause while she is an accomplished woman
uages, music and art, she is “not deeply
educa! in other directions.” She left him
in the winter of 1808, he says, to go to Lake-
wood without his consent and this occasion
was the beginning of their estrangement.

They have been apart most of the time since,
but have met and corresponded, He _ pre-
eenta many lett which would fill, perhaps,

ten columns of this paper, to show that tha
erms

R. T. STEEL CONTRACT LET.

 

AMERICAN BRIDGE COMPANY GETS A
86,000,000 JOB.

Will Sapply All the Structural steel and Iron
for the Rapid Transit Ratlroad- Carnegie
Works to Furnish the Raw Material—The
Work on the Tunnel Will Be Pushed New,

John B. McDonald announced on April 16
that the contract for furnishing the struo-
tural steel andiron for the Rapid Transit sub-

ing bee charges. he sent to hun on March | Way had been awarded to the Carnegie Steel

continued on affectiona notwithstand-
letter w
22, 1806, while she was in Florida,
filed b; him, reads:
“Darling Heart: I also will make this letter

y last one to you as you tell me yours of to-
lay will be to me, In a few days now we will
not to have recourse to the pen to ex-
press our love, Next Sunday! What a world
of nappa is expressed in those words,
thought of yon lastnight at your dinner at the
Savoy and the play afterward. I am so glad
you are so nice to mamma.”

Here’s what he wrote to her on the anniver-
ony of their marriage in 1898;

“Bweet Heart: Dearer to me to-night even
than on that night twelve years o when

you made me the happiest man on earth. How
the time has drifted, leaped, galloped! What
a long time it seems to look backward. I find

it in my heart to say and my lips delight to
say it, I love you with ever-increasing love,
dear one. I love you because these years
have unfolded to me such a pure, sweet nature
and character unmixed with the baser material
one meets with on every hand.” The letter
concludes: “pleases and roses and peace and
happiness with all my love and devotion.”

Hie filed also a letter he wrote her on April 23,
1899, about six columns long, which is headed,
“My Appeal to My Queen.” It seeks a reconcil-
iation, tells of business reverses and hopes
her hand will not be turned against him. He
says his “life has been to make the sun shine
for you, though 1 should live forever in the
shadows of distress.” In much of it he morallzes,
and in part:

“Ah, my love! where there is a lack of success
the world looks on and sneers; every word is
discredited, every motive questioned; every
fact distorted.” 7

He presented the affidavita of a number of
their former employees who say they never
saw any cruelty on the part of Sibley. W.E. D.
Stokes and Clarence True, who at different
times owned or were in charge of the house {in
West Seventy-fifth street, aver that they do
not recall rolling out in the gutter with Mr.
Sibley.

Mrs. Sibley is 31 and her husband 56 years old.

Justice Leventritt reserved decision on the |

motion, In separation suits it has been the
custom of late to refuse alimony and to remit
the woman to the Magistrates’ courts to secure
support. There has not been any occasion
of late to make the ruling apply to persons of
wealth.

 

New Brooklyn Freight Station of the Penn-
sylvania Road,

The new freight station of the Pennsylvania
Railroad at the Wallabout Besin, Brooklyn was
opened yesterday. Theshed is of corrugated
iron, two stories high and on either side isaslip,

| "Lhe pier extends out to the basin for 650 feet

says he had a row with the landlord of the |
premiers. and that they clung to each other | accomodate four floats of twelve cars. The

n the heat of the argument and rolled off the
stoop into the gutter,

While they had a cottage at Garden City
in 1897. abe avers, a man friend of theirs called,
and Sibley became so jealous that he «quit
the place. There had been no arrangement
to entertain him and so she went over with

the friend to the Garden City. Hetel to dine, |
They found Sibley there, and. sie says, he |

began to smash the dishes,
and told every one else there to look at her,
Because some men were showing her the
naval attention in a box at a party at the Metro-
politan Opera House, where, she says, they
were invited by a family of prominengs, Sib-
ley again became jealous, and flew out of the Lox
leaving her to get home in mortifleation the
beat she could, He was again enraged, she
continues, when he saw a letter from a woman
friend of hers inviting her to lunch at Del-
monico’s, After denouncing her friend he
fortaie her to ao.

Mrs. Sibley states that she gave her husband
42.000 to furnish the Garden City house but
tiat he kept the money, sent on furniture
from this eity and had the bills presented to
her. When she refused to sian a stutement
that she would pay for the furniture, she avers,
he choked and shock ber, Other allegations

Sibley then arose |

'
\
4
|

 

andita width is 84 feet. The slips can each

new station replaces the smal! one the company
leased at the foot of North Fourth street, Wil-
Namsbure.

 

The Weather.

The weather was unsettled yesterday throughout
the country except In the Rocky Mountain States,
Showers and thunderstorms prevatied in the central
States from Louisiana and Texas north to Minneso-
ta and showersin the Tennessee and Ohlo valleys and
inthe Lake regions, while thre tenting weather and
light showers, with an excessively humid condition,
were felt in the middle Atlantic and New Engiand
States. At New Orleans, Vicksburg, Amorilla, De
trot and Bismarck the showers were heavy.

It was warmer over the greater part of the middle
Atlantic States and inthe central valleys of the Mis
sissippl, but decidedly cooler inthe Northwest At
Havre, Mon., it was only 4 degrees above freezing

| point in the morning

| sprinkle of rain

of swearing at her or striking her aregmade |

regarding times when they resided at the Hetel

Shea@wood, Waldorf, Savoy. New. Netherland, |
Cambridge and cther hetels, She says he
has a country residence at Tuxedo, which

he has been spenkina of rebuilding into a. mam-
moth eastle similar to one he saw on the Rhine,

Sibley, in his answering affidavits, denies
her charges one by one. He declares that he

 

     
 

whero there's always
plenty of

HIRES

Rootbeer

on hand, A temperance drink ¢
evorybody, Bear nea refreshiy :.
6 gallons for 25 conte
Wrice for list of premiums ofvred
free for labels.

CHARLES £. HIRES CO., MALVERN, PA,

     

 
  
 
       
     

   

| chusetts, showers today

In this city the day was cloudy, with an cecastonal
There wasa fallof 44 inehesin th
early morning. [twas very sultry, the average hu
midity being 75 pereent: wind gene ally light and
shifting from easterly to southerly, barometer cor
rected to read to sea level At S A.M, 31.02, 3 P.M,
29.06.

The temperature as recorded by the oMeial ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shows ta tae annexed table

eOMeial~ Sun's -—OMeial— Sun's
Tiou, 1B0, 1000, 1yu), 1890. 1900

9A, M74 ” 73°| 6P.M. 77° 83° 480°
12M 77° 78° 77°) oP. M 74 7° 7"
3PM 78’ 63’ 77°.12 Mid. 60° 76° «65?

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO
MORROW.

For Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont and Massa-

Sunday, showers and

, cooler: brisk south whids,

For Rhode Idand and Connectleut, showers today

| and Saturday night, clearing Suvday; brisk south

winde.

For eostern New York, showers today, with cooler
late in the afternoon or crening: Sunda,, f.ir and
cooler: brisk south, shifting to west winds.

For the Distrietof Columbia, eastern Pennsylyvanta,
New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Virgtota, loeal
showers to-day, with coolerin evening; Sunday, fair
and cooler; fresh south, shifting to west winds.

For western Pennsylvania, western New York and
Ohio, showers and co ,ler today; Sunday, fair; brisk
south. shift) g¢ to northwest wind

Company. He announced yesterday that the
contract for furnishing the steel and tron had
been finally executed with the American Bridge
Company. The American Bridge Company,
with $70,000,000 capital, was organized after
the contract was first awarded to the Carnegie
Company. The new company is the result of the
combination of twenty-five big bridge-building
concerns of whieh the Carnegie Company's
Keystone Bridge Works was one. Previous
to bidding for the contract to furnish the steel
for the subway the Carnegie Company made
arrangements for subletting 80 per cent. of
the work to the Pencoyd Iron Works of Phil-
adelphia, This company also went into the
$70,000,000 concernand its president, Percival
Roberts, became President of the American
Bridge Company. Contractor McDonald said

yesterday:

“The contract for furnishing the regies
iron and steel which will be used in the fi
Transit Railroad has been finally execu
with the American Bridge Company, of which
Percival Roberts of the Pencoyd Com
is president. This is the first contract o'
company, which has jugt been formed,
which is made up of all the leading bri
companies of the country, including the Ke
stone Bridge Company, formerly ow
the Carnegie Steel Com ony, The gen wor!
of constructing the Rapid Transit Faro
has depended upon the signing of this con-
tract, as no excavation of any im
could be made in the streets until the fabri-
cated steel was on hand to carry on the work.
While the execution of this contract has eome-
what delayed the actual work of building the
subway, we will more than meke up for th
time lost by securing our fabricated materi
directly from the various bridge companies
competing the American Bridge pemeasy
instead of being dependent upon the —-
of the Carnegie Company. The Carnegie
Company, however, will furnish the raw ma-
terial for this work to the American Bridge
Company.”

The contract calls for 21,729 tons of shoes
beam, 20,147 tons of riveted steel, 23,168 tone o!
steel viaduct, 245,514 feet of rails for tracks
in the subway and 50,466 feet of rails for s
on the viaducts. The contract price is, ap-
proximately, $6,000,000,

   

It Is Our Plain Duty
to advise you to buy

straight Hand-made,
Sour-mash Whiskey,

OLD
CROW
RYE,

because it’s not only re-
liable, but is the best
for you, as are all
straight articles of food
and drink,

H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Botilers, WY,

BATH zixTures
ROOM and AUXILIARIES

MEYER-SNIFFEN CO., Ltd, 5 East 19th St.

‘To avoid large water bills due to dribbling
fanceta and frequent billa for repetre ingiat on
having * EM*ESS Fuller” or * EM*ESS " Self-
Cloaing. Keptin repair 3 yeara without charge ia
New York and suburba

CARPET CLEANSING

Largest In the World. Every detail.
THE THOS, J. STEWART CU,
80 years’ experience,
1554 Broadwa wow | ee
rie an 1 * @ Cit
STORAGE WARFHOUOE AND MOVING Vain

  
    

 
      
       

On

AEGIS T CARLO

inciamee
Belen Avert duce mm
‘LD CRO

oS

 

Telephone. send for interesting

’

a Sg

r

bait