Se Pgs

eee See Ace ae eee
a> mesial oe

ote

Sa

=o.

a ER ee a

Sieieiteteetienes notte tee ee ce

ee IS 9

X
7

 

 
 

EEE =

THE SENATE STANDS FIRM.

BY A UNANIMOUS VOTE IT ADHERES
TO ITS ACTION ON ARMOR,

A Long Discassion tn Which Mr. Hanna De-
fended the Armor Plate Companies and
Got Into Colloquies With Mr. Tillman and
Mr, Teller Regarding Contributions to the
Campaign Funds of the Two Pa \.

WASHINGTON, June 1.—The Senate to-day
after along debate decided by @ vote of 63 to 0,
to adhare to its previous action on the subject
of armor plate.

Mr. Hale from the Conference Committee
on the Naval Appropriation bill, reported that
the conferees had been unable to agree, there
being asquare deadlock between the two Houses
on the question of armor plate and the estab-
Ushment of an armor plate factory by the Ciov-
ernment.

A long discussion ensued, in which extreme
hostility was expressed to yielding to the bigh
rates demanded by the armor plate companies,
Mr. Chandler(Rep., N. H.)remarking that rather
than do so he would favor reducing the num-
ber of warships authorized to be constructed,
and Mr. Tillman (Deém., 8. C.) accusing the
Houseof “bolstering up @ monopoly and per-
mitting it to place {te unholy hands in the
peopie’s pocket.”

Mr. Hanna (Rep., Ohto) replied energetically
to the charges against the armor plate com-
panies and asserted that $445 aton was @ rea
sonable price, yes, a low price, for armor plate
under present conditions, It was a price below
what any government was paying to-day.
As to a government armor plant, {It could not
bebuilt and completed in five years; and then
armor plate could not be made within 60 per
eent. of the cost to private companies. The
responsibility for the deadlock, he said, rested
65 tro Senators (meaning Senators Chandler
and Tillman), who had caused the price of armor
plate to be fixed at below what it could be man-
ufactured for.

Mr. Tillman broke in with aremark that Mr.
Hanna's statement was reckless.

“If ever I prove as reckless in my assertions,”
Mr. Hanna retorted, “as the Senator from South
Carolina, I shall feel very badly about it.”

Another interruption being made by Mr.
Tillman in his impetuous manner, Mr, Hanna
appealed to him in these words: “Give me half
a chance. I am a tyro in discussions in this
body.”

“I will not interrupt the Senator any more,”
Mr. Tillman promised

“Thank you,” said Mr. Hanna, and he went
on with his argument. He was s00n stopped,
however, with the question put to him by Mr.
Allen (Pop., Neb. )) “Has the Senator ever manu-
factured armor plate?”

“No, sir,” he replied

“I mean political armor plate,” said Mr. Allen,
facetiously.

“Oh, ves,” Mr. Hanna replied in the same
spirit, “and I found that tt was pretty invulner-
able.” (Laughter.

“I have no doubt {t was,” said Mr. Allen

“Thank you,” said Mr, Hanna, and he again
went on with his remarks. He characterized
the course of Senators Chandler and Tillman
asa personal matter, and intimated that they
would rather see the bill fail than that they
should fail, This, he said, should not be the
governing influence in the decision of such an
important question.

Mr. Elkins (Rep.,W. Va.) argued on the same
line as Mr. Hanna had and counseled that
the matter should be left to the Conference
Committee.

Mr. Allen commentedupon the last two
speeches and said the discussion had brought
out the fact that the friendsof the trusts were

nthesaddie. TheSenators from Ohio and
est Virginia (Hanna and Elkins) had not

 

 

spoken on any of the important subjects of
forel felations that had n before the Sen-
ate this session. But the moment the atternpt
‘was to Gostroy the influence of the great
armor plate trust, those Senators appeured on
floor aa the advocates of that great octopus.

er Senators

Titer seemed to think that no o
but themselves could know anything about

that icularly interesting subject. “Great,”
le exclaimed, “is knowledge; and great {4 the
m the monopoly of it.”

Mr (Rep., Col.) argued In favor of re-

fusing to a high price for armor plate,
d of establishing a Government plant, even
it took five years to prodice armor plate, He
would rather, he said, have the building of a
navy suspended for five years than have the
overnment “held up” by armor plate com-
nes. If ever there was a case where the
overnment was taken by the throat by a cor-
porate power it was the case of the armor plate
companies. They had taken the legislative de-
partment as well as the President by the throat,
and had made the legislative department think
at it would not be safe to interfere with them.
# did not care to discuss politics on a confer-
ence “but,” said he, “when the chief rep-
Tesentative of the Kepublican party rare <8
ithe

his fh o defend what his own
friends ae, to be robbery, I am Iustitied in
saying that the Republican party expects

to repeat in 1900 what it did in 1896, when it made
ment on every manufacturing concern
fai the United States to sustain its candidates,”
“Such an insinuation, or statement, is not
true,” Mr. Hanna broke in.

“I knew of course,” said Mr. Teller, “that
e tor would dispute that. Perhaps
ere was not, technically, an asment,

for there was no power in the Republican Na-
Committee to leyy assessments. But
was not a national bank in the United
Enero, , (ee even in my own Btate)

that not receive a demand for con-
tributions to the Republicancam paign fund.”
Mr. Hanna—The First National Bank of Den-
ver was the recipient of all the contributions
{er the Democratic campaign fund, and ite
esident was the poliettor-general for them.
eS, T understand at, but the amount
Inconsequential,
Mr. Hanna—Over $200,000
Mr. —No sir; not $200,000. I

per

3 ev t went through that
‘or the ooratio 1D »
Mr. do I.
Mr. Then the tor knows that

000 never went through that bank; nor
000 ae ‘ ot ssen.een
r. I know that it was over $100,000."
7, Bolero. sir, there was not. I know as
uch about it as the Senator can and a good
Real more, lrepeat again that bank after bank,
only in my State, but in Illinois and other
tes, has told me that assessments were made
them. There was no great concern in
“United States producing articles for aal
t was not called Upon by the Nation
publican Committee for contributions, and
committee generally got them, as it got
contributions from the banks. I suppose that
eit be done again. And that may accougt for
some of the interest in these people that are
making armor plate,
Mr. tigrew, (Pop., 8. D.) spoke against
he prey. plate companies, and said thatin
dential campaign of 1802 the Cramps
souiroute $400,000 to the Republican campaign
nd on the promise that they were to te re-
ped out of the ships whioh they were to build
the Government, The Senate conferees, he
> y should be instructed to agree to nothing,
to insist on the immediate construction

of & Government armor plant.

After fu r discuasion the Senate voted un-
ee catse'on ¢ no pare fo euskal its
evio: on onthe subject of armor pla
and A further conferenoe was ordered oa is

Naval Appropriation bill.

 

MILITARY ACADEMY BILL PASSED.

Genate Amendment Makes Miles a Licsten-
ant-General and Corbin a Major-General,
WASHINOTON, June 1.—The Military Academy

Appropriation bill was passed by the Senate to-

day. Itappropriates $653,614, and contains two

new sections raising the erade of the senior

Major-General commanding the army to that

of Lieutenant-Cieneral, and giving to the Adju-

tant-General the rank, pay and alluwances of a

seajos-Deneral. Both were agreed to without

 

oh.

The committee amendment providing that
the corps of cadets shall consistof one from
each Congress district, one from each Terri-
tory, one from the District of Columbia and
fifty from the United States atlarge, to be ap-

inted by the President, was discussed at
fauch lenge onthe point of whether it should

80 modified us to give some of the patronage
toSenators. Mr. Hale opposed such modifica-
tion and threatened to make a point of order on
the amendment if it were so modified,

Mr. Allen advocated it on the ground that
otherwise appointments would be given to
the sona of army officers, which would be, he
said, un-Republican and un-American,

The amendment was agreed to in the follow-
ing forin:

That the corps of cadets shall consist of one from
each Congressional district, one from each Territory,

¢ from the District of Columbia, and fifty from the

nited States at large. not more than twoof whom
shall be Appointed from the same State = They shall
‘De appoinied by the President and shail be actual resi-
Wents of the Congressional or Territoriai districts, or
sof the District of Columbia, or of the States, respec:
Uvely, from which they purport to be appointed

The bill was then passed and the General De-
ficiency bill, the last of the appropriation bills,

052,533.

vw up. Lt appropriates $4
The te read and the uncontested amend-
. ars. ere agreed \o, and thea the

}

  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
     
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
  

married man who elo
ie pos in Florida where he was stationed,
e

ernor’s Island for tem

oy as Sigua
to For'

 

       

PRAISE FOR GEN. OTIS.

Oficial Acknowledgment of His Meritorious
Services in the Philippines.
Wasninoron, June 1.—In anticipation of
the arrival {2 Washington of Major-Gen. Otis
the War Department made public to-day a
long statement of his military service from his
first entrance in the military service in 1862,
when he was commissioned Captain of the 140th
New York Infantry. It recounts his meritori-
ous services in the Civil War and his distin-
wuished services In the Philippines, where he
equipped and organized an army, defeated the
insurgenta and established civil government,
and concludes as follows:
“The finger of scandal has never pointed
at his administration of civil or military affairs
in the Philippines. With a fine sense of self-
reapect and manly reserve and with absolute
‘otion to his country, Gen. Otis weat goad
a forward. His enemies failed to _ di
rovoke a
ving

balance, nterress his untiring efforts or
reply. He returns a successful man,
discharged with excellent results du-

ties without precedent in the American. mill-

tary service, combining a great amount of civil
administration with t

 

actual conduct of a
dificult war and the solving of hard business
roblems of transportation and subsistence.
je has met test, as all now admit, with
success, and prominent and exceptional

servioes entitle him toaloyal welcome from his
countrymen.”

MAJOR KIRKMAN'’S SENTENCE.

A Joint Resolution Introduced in Congress to
Sct It Aside.

Wasutnoton, June 1.—A joint resolution to

set aside the verdict of the court-martial which

dismissed Major George W. Kirkman from the

army was favorably reported by the House
Committees on Military Affairs this morning.
Major Kirkman was a Captep inthe Twenty-
third Infantry and was ma

@ Major in the
volunteer service in the Forty-ninth iment.
Yh ilippines Major man

 

 

tle ae inthe ys

and several of his fellow officers were dism

by court-martial, . Otis holding that as com-
manding genera! in thme of war be had plenary
powers to carry sentences of court-martiai into
execution. The President did not approve of
the sentenos of the court-martial, but as it was
not one of death, had noright to setit aside.
He kept Capt. Kirkman’s place open for him
however, and if the resolution is passed he will
reinstate him in the regular service.

 

Cols, Hare and Smith to Be Brigadiers.

WasHiNoton, June 1.—The President to-day
sent to the Senate the names of Col. Hare and
Col. Smith, the latter of the Seventeenth In-
fantry, tobe made Brigadier Generals of Volun-
teers to fill the two remaining vacancies in that
rank. The selection of these officer’ was upon
the recommendation of Gan. MacArtbur.

Both officers are in the Regular army, the
former being a Captain in the Seventh Cavalry
and the latter a Colonel of the Seventeenth In-
fantry. The work of Col. Hare in conducting
the operations in the northern part of Lugon,
and partioularly in the pursuit of Aguinaido,
made him very conspicuous, and some time
ago he wasrecommended for promotion. The
recommendation in regard to Col, Smith was
first made last December ina letter from Gen.
MacArthur to Gen. Schwan, chief of Gen. Otla's
staff. In thisletter Gen. MacArthur sald that
Co}. Smith had rendered conspicuous and im-
portant services in Luzon

Twenty-five Democrats Bolt the Cauces,
WaASsHINoron, June 1,.--Between twenty-five

and thirty Democratic members of the House

met this morning in response to
Sulzer’s call for a conterence

was to meet atilo’clock the conference was
heldin the Democratic cloak room
brief discussion it was agreed that those prea-
ent should not consider themselves as bound by
the action of the Democratic caucus last

day night, but would vote as they saw fit
Sulzer said after the conference that about
twenty-five Demoorate would
the
ata

Representative
As the House

After a
Tues-
Mr

either vote for
prose anti-trust resolution or not vote

 

Receipts and Expenditures in Porto Rico.
WasHINoToy, June 1.--The Division of Cus-

toms and Insular Affairs of the War Depart-
ment made the statement to-day that the total
receipts of the Porto Rican treasurer for the
mont
ceipta were divide
ceipts, $70,280; postal receipts, $6,287; internal
revenue receipts, $27,580 and

miscel
ments for
a deficit for the month of $80,641.

of April, 1900, were $106,360.18. The re-
das follows; Customs re-

receipts from
neous sources, $!,710. The total pay-
the month were $186 511, which shows

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.
Wasninaton, June 1.—The surveying ship

Iroquois, engaged in determining a route for
the

Franvieoo with Mania, left Honolulu for
way [sland on
and the
Newport.
will take place in August.
will leave Newcastle. England, for Gibraltar on
June 6, coaling at Southampton.

Lieut, Hazzard Dropped From the Rells ef

roposed Pacific cable conneoting

Mid.
ay 19. The battleship Texas
eapatoh boat Dolphin }s e arrived at
he trial of the torpedo boat Craven

The cruiser Albany

 

the Army for Desertion.
WAsHINGTON, June 1,—First Lieut. Samuel

C. Hazzard, First Artillery, was dropped from

by direction of the
jeut, Hazzard ts a
@ woman fro

6 rolls of the

rmy to-day
resident for

esertion.
ped wit

as n absent since Feb. 20,

 

Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINOTON, June 1.—These army orders were

fasued to-day:

t.-Col. Wilson T. Harts, Thirty-eeeond In-
eee after over thirty

fantry, a his own application
Years’ wiviee has

been retired
Lieut.-Col. Webb C. Hayes, Thirty-Qrst Infantry, is

honorably discharged

Acting Assistant Surgeon J. W. Richards to Uov-
pores? duty, and thence to

Havana for duty on the oper Ingalls.
Major Frank Breen, Volunteer Signal from
Officer, Department of California,

4 St Michael, Alaska, as Signal OMcer of the
Department of Alaska.

First Lieut. Harry J. Hirsch, transferred from the
Eighteenth Infantry to the re Infante, and
First Lieut. Arthur L. Conger, Jr., from the Fourth
Infantry to the Eighipoasb Jnfanity, Company K.

Major Thomas ©. Goodman, additional paymaster,
from Chicago to San Francisco.

Major William ©, Grambrill, additional paymaster,
from the division of the Philippines to San Francisco,

Mater Hugh R. Belknap, additional paymaster,
from Washington to Chicago.

First Lieut Samuel CG Hagaard, First Artillery, has
been dropped from the rolls of the Army for desertion,

Acting Assistant Surgeon Francis J. Pursell, to

is C. Clark, Twenty-Afth Infantry,
Firat Lieut, G ry Pond Fourth Int try
ra ul, George L. Pond, Fou antry, trans
ferred to ib nfantry yompeny K.

Transfers tn the First Artillery: First Lieut John
T. Martin, from Battery H to Battery D; First Lieut.
James A. Shipton, from Battery D to Battery H.

These naval orders have been tssued:

Capt. S. C, Lemly. commissioned Judge Advocate
General, with rank of Captain, for term of four years

from June 4, 1900,
J. C. McDermott and P, Doherty, appointed
gunners.
Lieut. J. R. P. Pringle, detached from the val
Academy to the Texas, as relief of Lieut. H. P’
Lieut. F. J. Hacesles, jetached from the a7 ya!
Toe. to the Kearsarge, as relief of Lieut
arrison

Lieut. H. W. Harrison, detached from the Kearsarge
tothe navy yard, Washington, for examination pre-
liminary to promotion, and upon completion return
home and walt orders.

Lieut. H. Phelps, detached from the Texas to home
and walt orders.

Lieutenant-Commander R, H. Galt, detached from
the Monongahela, to home, continue on sick leave of
absence until June 22, 1900,

Lieut E. 5S, Kellogg, Department's order detaching
from je New York to the Essex for line duty
revoked.

Lieut. E. L. Beach, detached from the New York to
the Essex for line duty.

Lieut. W. C. P. Muir, Lieutenant-Commander C. W.
Bartlett, Lieut IL George, and Lieut W. HG. Bull-
ard detached from the Naval Academy, tothe tor-
pedo station, po epert. for course of instruction,

Lieut. J. V. ase, detached from the Alliance
when that vessel ts placed out of commission, to duty
on the Mayflower.

Lieut. HM. P. Huse, detached from the Naval
Academy, to the torpedo station, Newport, for course
of instruction,

Lieut. C. N. Atwater, detached from the Naval
Academy, to the Monongabrla as executive officer,

These changesamong officerson the Aslatic sta-
tion have been made by Rear Admiral Remey.

Assistant Surgeon J. 8S, Taylor, from the New Or-

leans to erulgce.
eaaree F. L. Sawyer, from the New Orleansto the
aAnay.

Lieutenant-Commander J. T. Smith, from the Pet-
rel to the New Orleans,

Lieutenr.nt-Commander C. S. Richman, from the
Benning ‘on to the retrel
peut T. S.@Rodgers, from the Bennington to the
Axte

Surgeon ©. D. Norton and Lieut. C. A. Carr, from
the Monadnock to the Kennington,

Taeut. ©. H. Hayes, from the Monadnock to the
Concord

Lieut, J. M. Luby, from the Panay to the Dizte

Lieut. C. Wells, from the Dixte to the New Urieans,

Lieut. J. L. Latimer, from the Dixte to the Brooklyn.

Chaplain W. H. I, Reaney, from the Diate to the
Cavite Hospital.

Lieut. J. F. MeGill, M. C., from the Dixie to Cavite
Station

Assistant Surgeon E. J. Grow, from the Dixie to the
Monadnock.

Ensign F. B. Ridgely, from the Diaie to the Nan-

shan.
Lieut. C. M. McCormick, from tue Brooklyn to the
Bennington,
Naval Cadet &. T. Constain, from the Brooklyn to
the Bennington.
Naval Cadet C. W. Cole, from the Brooklyn to the
Princeton
tar at Cadet FE. W. Melntyre, from the Brooklyn to
the Hiviena
Assistant Boatswain F. R. Hasard, from the Brook-
lyn to the General Alava.
Laewt, W. C. Herbert, from the Concord to Cavite
station.
ane HG. MacFarland, from the Diale to Cavite
Ation.
oie J. Lene. M. &. Pam Coote: eens te the
vale, to come home, viog 4 condemn a
Medical Board wo)

THE

HOUSE ANTI-TRUST VOTE.

PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL
AMENDMENT DEFEATED.

 

 

 

THE

It Failed to Receive the Required Two-thirds
Vote, the Vote Standing 154 Yeas to
133 Nays~Only Four Democrats Vote
for It and Two Republicans Against It

WASHINGTON, June 1—At 11 o'clock this
morning the House resumed debate of the
Anti-Trust joint resolution. The first speaker
was Mr. Boreing (Rep., Ky.) He said that the
Democratic party had always refused to enter
a contest upon any issue made with the Re-
publicans. In this instance, not being able to
oppose the proposition, the Democrats charged
the Republicans with being insincere in their
support of the pending measure. If they
wanted to test the matter he advised them to
vote with the Republicans and then have the
Legislatures of the Democratic States carry
out its provision, In his opinion that would be
an excellent opportunity for the Democratio
party to get out of the wilderness.

Mr. Fleming (Dem., Ga.) said it was evident
that it was not the intention to have the pend-
ing measures e into law at thie seasion of
Congreas. This was proved, he said, by the ac-
toa of the committee, which had waited until
the close of the seagion to bring them Into the
House. Republicans did not expect them to
pass, did not want them to pass, Another evi-
dence that it was not intended to pass @ joint
resolution was that no representatives of (he
trusts were here to protest it ite passage,

they would bein numbers were there any
anger bm the measure would be passed
Mr. Hamilton (Rep., Mich.) read a speech fn
favor of the pending legisiation and defending
the attitude of the Republican party toward it.
Mr. Hamilton expressed an unusual view re-
garding trusts, beginning with a series ©
proverbs of which these are samples:

Let us not be self-righteous because we are hard up.

There is really no piety in being poor.

Let us mot be seduced by demagocues into class
prejudices.

To pull down and destroy business enterprise gives
ho man a day's work except the agitator and the
demagogur,

Many people mistake envy for political economy.

It is very easy for the man of moderate income to
see that a millionaire ought to be disciplined.

But if, by a sudden turn of fortune’s wheel, the
strong and the rich should be cast down and the poor
and the lowly should be lifted up, does any one sup-
pose that the Insolence of the suddenly enriched would
be less irritating than the arrogance of established

position?

There will probably never comea time when the
moral regeneration of mankind can be accomplished
by legislation.

A Bible class and a committee of ways and means
have few points of resemblance,

arding trusts and demagogery, Mr
santos said: “The modern incorporated
trust is a development of commercial evolu-
tion. To say that trusts are due to party is
cheapest demagogism. However, there is sel-
dom an important phase of national existence
that is not taken advantage of by demagogues
8s & means Of getting themselves elected to
office. The taper belongs ec a group of modern
phenomena. It is one oft
results of a strong modern tendency to centra!-
feation,

Mr. Thayer (Dem, Mass.) denounced the
couduct of the Republican party toward the
trusts, saying it had always favored and pro-
tected them From the milk for babes to the
coffin and shroud, from the cradle to the grave,
everybody paid taxes on everything they pro-
duced to the gigantic trusts and monopolies.
The pending resolution, he said, amused the
Republicans and would not harm the people.
{Applause.)

Mr. De Armond (Dem., Mo.) closedthe debate
for the Democrats He was opposed, he said,
to the mockery of the attempt to pass the pro-

amendment. It would concentrate
everything at the national capital, sweeping
away every fundamental principle of State
rights. There was on its face evidence, con-
clusive and irrefutable, that there was no in-
tention that it should find lodgment in the Con-
stitution, but was intended for campaign pur-
poses [Applause.| It was purely and simply
a political device, one for which the Repubti-
cans knew a Jarge number of Democrats would
not vote. As far as he (De Armond) was con-
cerned, he did not propose toh wink him-
self or try to bunco himself into voting for the
amendment. e would vote against it gladly
and defend himself before his constituents.
tApplause on the Democratic side. }

r. McCall Rep... Mass) said he proposed to
vote for the bill, but against the amendment.
In his opinionit struck a formidable blow at
individual hberty. It would reach the smallest
combinations and pertnerenips and bring them
under the control of Congress. If all this powe
of controlling ninety billion dollars capita
were granted, Washington would become the
most corrupt pl onearth. There was pleuty
of law already, he thought, to provide for the
contro! of the trusts.

Mr. Cummings (Dem., N. Y.) said he was old
enough to tell a wolf in sheep's clothing, and
this was oneofthem He would as soon drink
a vocktail made of nitric acid and fancy ita
soda cocktail as vote for this amendment

Mr a A p., N.Y.) created some stir by
sending the deak an article which he had
read at the evening session last night and de-
Claring that it was not In the Record this
morning because it had been abstracted from
the official reporter by a representative of Tam-
many Hall, the article being an editorial against

e Ice Trust.

Mr. Richardson (Dem,, Tenn.) demanded the
peme 9 te accused member and Mr. Ray said

t was ulzer.

Mr. Sulzer, on a auestion of personal priv-
ilege, said the charge was a mean, contempt-
ble, Unfounded charge and would not be made
excep y anagentof the trust, the tool of a
machine.

Mr. Ray sald the reporters had spent hours
to-day ta attempting to secure the article and
had failed.

Mr. Sulzer made a vehement denial and was
abusing Mr. Ray when the Speaker called him
to order and finally shouted: ‘The Sergeant-
at-Arms will take charge of the gentleman from
New York if he speaks again.’ Mr. Sulzer sub-

ded.

Mr. Littlefield (Rep, Me), who closed for
the Republicans, denied that the tariff was the
mother of ail trusts, and sald that no man had
ever been able to prove this assertion, He
quoted Mr. Bryan to show that he did not be-
lieve that trusts could be destroyed by placing
trust-made materials on the free list. “We
cannot destroy monopoly,’ said Mr. Bryan
“until we lay the axe at the root of the tree an

ake monopoly impossit.le."’ Mr. Littlefield
thought the axe would be applied by the pas-
sage of e Anti-lrust amendment He
reviewed the course of the Democrats in
Congress for years to show that they were
always op to anti-trust legislation, He
closed with the prediction that the Republican
party would triumphant in the next cam-
paign. The Republicans cheered and cheered
as he concluded, the confusion. being such that
business could not proceed, Many of the Re-
publicans rose to their feet and waved their
arms while they cheered him to the echo. It
was the moet remarkable demonstration on the
floor of the House this session.

The vote waa then taken on the passage of the
resolution, and resulted: Yeas, 154; nays, 133--
not the requisite two-thirds voting in favor, so
the resolution failed

The vote in detail follows:

YEAS.

Republicans—Messrs. Adams, Aldrich, Alexander,
Allen (Me), Babcock, Bailey (Kan.), Baker, Bar.
ney, Bartholdt, Bingham, Bishon, Boering, Houtell
(UL), Bowersock, Brick, Brosius, Brown, Burke(S.D.),
Burkett, Burleigh, Burton, Butler, Calderhead,
Cannon, Clarke \N. H.), Cochrane (N. Y.), Con-
nell, Cooper (Wis), Corliss, Cousins, Cromer,
Crumpacker, Curtls, Cushman, Dahle, Daizell,
Davenport (Samuel), Davidson, Dick, Dolilver, Eddy,
Emerson, Esch, Farts, Fletcher, Foss, Fowler, Freer,
Gardner (Mich.), Gardner (N. J), Gibson, Gill, Gil
Jet (N. Y.), Gillett (Mase), Graff, Graham, Greene
(Mass.), Grosvenor, Grout, Hamilton, Haugen, Haw
ley, Heaiwole, Hedge, Hemenway, Henry (Conn),
Hepburn, Hill, Hits, Hoffecker, Howell, Hull, Jack,
Jones (Wash), Joy, Kahn, Ketcham, Knox,
Lacy, Lane, Lawrence, Littlefield, Long, Lort-
mer, Loudensiager, Lovering, Librand, Me.
Cleary. McPherson, Marsh, Mercer, Mesick,
Metcalf, Miller, Minor, Mondell. Moody (Mass),
Moody (Ore.), Mor@an, Mudd, Needham. O'Grady,
Olmsted, Otjen, Overstreet. Parker, Payne, Pearce
(Mo.). Pearre, PS Prince, Pugh, Ray. Reeder,

enh

Reeves, Hoberts Rodenberg, Russell, Shattuc, Shel
den, Sherman, Showater, Smith (Henry C.), Smith
(Samuel W.), Spalding, Sperry. Steele, Stevens,
Stewart (N. Y.), Stewart (Wis), Sulloway, Tawney,
Tayler ( Ohty), Thomas ‘la.), Thropp, Tongue, Van
Voorhis, Wachter, Wadsworth, Wanger, Waru.er,
Waters, Watson, Weeks, Wise, Wright, Young and
ee ue 6 “—

emocrats--Messrs. Campbell, Naphen, Scudder,
Sibley and Thayer 5.

Silverite.—-Mr. Newlands--t, Total, 154.
NAYS.

Democrats. — Messrs. Adamson, Allen (Ky.), Batley
(Tex.) Ball, Barber, Bartlett, Bellamy, Benton,
prey, Brantley, reazeale, Brenner, Brewer,
Brund{idge, Burleson, Burnett, Caldwell, Chanier,
Clark (Mo.), Clayton (Ala.), Clayton (N. Y.), Cochran

oO, Cooney, Cooper (Tes), Cowher,
Cox, Crowley, Cummings, Davenport (Stanley),
Davis, De Armond, Degraffenried, vries, Denny,
Dinsmore, Dougherty, Driggs, Elliott, Finley, Fitz

erald (Masa.), Fitzgerald (N. Y.), Fitapatrick, Plem
ng. Foster, Gaines Gaston, Gilbert, Glynn, Gordon,

Green (Pa.), Gritth, Griggs, Hall, Hay, Henry
(Miss.), Henry Tex |, Howard, Jett, Johnston, Jones
(Va), King, Kitchin, Kleberg, Kluttz, Lamb, Lan
ham, Lassiter, Latimer, Lents, Lester, Levy,
Lewis, Little, Livingston, Lert, McClellan,
McLain McRae, addox, ay, Meekison,
Meyer, Miers, Moon, Muller, Noonan, Utey,

Pleree (‘Tenn.), Polk, Quarles, Ransdell, Rhea iKy.),
Rhea | Va.), Richardson, Riordan, Risey, Robinsoa
(Ind. ), Robinson (Neo.), Rueker, Ryan (N.Y.), Shep
me Sims, Smith (Ky.), Snodgrass, Spight, Stal
ings, Stephens, Stokes, Sulzer, Swanson, Talbert,
Tate, Taylor (Ala.), Terry, Thomas (N. C.), Under
hill, Underwood, Wheeler, Williams (James R.), Wi)
Hams (W\tilam E.), Williams (Miss.), Wilson (N. Y.),

ang MeCall—2.
Messrs. Neville, Ridgely, Stark and
Sutheriand--4,

Silver Messra Bell. ShafrotB, Wilson of Idaho
-38. Tor 133.

4 The following pairs were announced, the first

SUN, SATURDAY,

emost conspicuous |

 

in favor of and the second in opposition to the
resolution:
casts land Burke (Tea):
Acheson Bad Allen (Miss); Jenkins and & a
* Texetins ‘ane Fox;
5 om :
Sh feman: Littauer and Ruppert: Lnney
and Robb; Pearson and Salmon; Spragur and hes
Hopkins and Cusack; Dovener and Catenl age: veg.
mouth and Broussard; Powers and fe 3
Brownlow and Carmack: Vreeland and Ro! ~—_
(La); Southard and Norton (Oblo); Stuart (Noh
and Bede: Morris and Met vuliges: Creag Never:
water; Barham an urner, Va , :
Daley and Shackleford; Mahon and Mann; Capron
and Slayden.

This was a strict party
Messrs, Campbell of Montana,
paseepuceie, Scudder of New

ennsyivania an ayer 0
Demanate, voted with the Republicans ks
affirmative, and Mesars. Loud of ¢ alifornia @ 4
McCall of Massachusetts, Republicans, vote
with the Democrats, Populists and Silverites in
the negative. y

The House took a recess until 8 o'clock, bt 4
a bill to ratify and confirm an agreement yt
the Cherokee tribe of Indians, and @ bill to
ratify an agreement with the Muscogee or
Creek Indians were passed.

Naphaen 0
York, Sibley of

 

 

 

OBITUARY.

Dr.E.0. Shakspeare of Philadelphia died sud-
denly yesterday in the Hotel Walton in that
in that city. Death was due to heart disease.
Ho waa born in Dover, Del., in 1846. There he
received a preliminary classical education and
later entered Dickinson College and was grad-
uated with the degree of A. B. in 1867, and
three years later received the degree of Master
of Arts. He then entered the University of
Pennsylvania Medical School, from which he
was graduated in 1869. He began practice in
his native town, He made a specialty of dis-
eases of the eye and also took an interest in’ poli-
ties, the last year he was in Dover being spcre-
tary of the Delaware Senate, He went to Phil-
adelphia and became lecwrer of operative
surgery and assistant at the Eye Clinic of the
University of Pennsylvania. He soon became
an authority on diseases of the eye and was
elected President of the Pathological Society of
Philadelphia and pathological and opthalmic
surgeon to the Philadelplua Hospital. He was
also President of the section of pathology of the
International Medical Congress held in 1885.
In that year he was commissioned by Presi-
dent Cleveland to investigate the causes and
conditions under which Asiatic cholera thrived
in Europe and India. He was the first investi-
gator of cholera ever sent to India by this coun-
try, and devoted a year to the work. His report
was exhaustive and was published in 1889. He
was the author of many papers on medical sub-
jects. During the war with 1 he was ap-
pointed brigade surgeon with rank of Major
of Volunteers, and at the time of his death was
engaged as a member of the commission at-
tached to the office of the Surgeon-General at
Washing ton to investigate the causes of typhoid
fever in the United States Army.

Former Police Justice William W. Corbett,
an old resident of Staten Island and prominent
for many years in Republican politics on the
island, died yesterday afternoon at the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Eugene Brenzinger,
67 Taylor street, West New Brighton. He was
7k vears of age. He came from England to this
country when a young man. He was elected a
Police Justice in the old village of New Brighton
in 1877 and served siateen years. He was as-
sociated in political work with the late George
William Curtis. He was an amateur actor and
he assured the leading réle in many comedies
and tragedies enacted at what was known at
the time at the New Brighton Lyceum. Mr
Corbett was a well-known character on Staten
Island and his oldest daughter Fliza, who died
about six years ago in New Brighton, exhibited
herself asa fat woman in Barnum's old museuin
on Broadway. It is said she was Barnum's
first fat woman and that she weighed over 350
jounds. Mr. Corbett is survived by 4 son,
William, and four daughters, Mrs. Brenzinger
Mrs. George Wood, Mrs. William Booth and
Mrs. Isaac Winters.

Charles Engel, one of the founders of the
Bergner & Engel Brewing Company and who
is said to have been the first brewer of German
beer in the United States, died of apoplexy at
his home in Kaisers-lautern, Rheinpfalz, Ger-
many, Thursday. Mr. Engel was born in Kais-
ers-lautern Feb. 11, 1816, and came to this coun-
try about sixty years ago, He established
himself first at Lewisburg, Pa,, in the brewing
business and later went to Friladelphia, where
on what becarne known as the Engel and Wolf
Farm, he and Charles Wolf began the brewing
of beer on an extensive seale. The lager beer
brewed was sold at first almost wholly in New
York, where it wus a great novelty and was
nuch enjoyed, This was about 1845. Tn 1870

e associated himself with Gustavus Bergner
and the firm was incorporated, being the
first incorporated brewery in Pennsylvania.
Mr. Engel was the father of Mrs. A. Graef and
Mrs. William Rasmus of New York. His body
will be taken to Philadelphia for interment,

S. H. H. Clarke, one time general manager of
the Missouri Pacific and later of the Union Pa-
cifle, which place he resigned owing to Ill
heaith, is dead at Asheville, 8. C. Mr. Clark's
connection with the Union Pacifle anc
Jay Gould made bim famous as a railroad

manager, When the Gould interest became
dominant in the Union Pacific. directory
Clark came to Omaha from the Jersey

Central, He had been picked out by Sidney
Dillon. That was in 1867 and, since that time,
with the exception of the two years the George
Francis Adatis interests controlled the Union
Pacific, he was with the company until the re-
organizationtwo years ago. During the past
few years Mr. Clark has been in very poor
health, the result of his close application to
business
The Rev. John C. Lowrie died at his home in
East Orange on Thursday night. He was 92
years of age, His first active work Was as a
sbyterian missionary to [India in 1833. He
served as Assistant Secretary and Secretary
on the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions
until 1891, when he ceased all active work and
became Secretary Emeritus of the board: he
was also Moderator of the Presbyterian General
Assembly held in Pittsburg in 186. Twodaugh-
ters, Miss Anna and Miss Amy C. Lowrie, sur-
vive him. He wrote several books and con-
tributed frequently to the Church and secular
presse, He ‘led the pulpit of the Forty-second
Street Presbyterian Church of New York from
1866 until 1s50
Elijah A. Curran, for more than fifty years a
resident of Williamsburg, died on Wednesday
of apoplexy in his seventy-fifth year at his
home, 130 Marcy avenue, He was 4 hatter and
contributed largely to the development of
Williamsburg.

  
 

BOY WHO WANTS TO STAY LOST,

 

Tells Lies to the Police Who Are Trytug to
Find Wis Home.

WILKES-Banre, Pa., June 1.—The police here

  
  

vote, except that |

M’ sachusetta, |

a

are having alot of trouble with a nine-year-old |

boy who persists in remaining lost.
picked up in the Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western Railroad yards on May 25, and said his
home was in Pear alley, Scranton, He was
sent there, and laughed heartily when the
police failed to find any one who knew him, He
managed to slip off the train while being sent
back here, and a day or two later was found by
the Scranton polce, He told them he lived at
Broderick’s Patch, near here, but when taken
there was unknown. Finally he told the police
he lived in an old boathouse along the river,
but no such place as he described could be
found. He is now in the custody of the United
Charities, and seems well contented with his
jot. He is a Lithuanian, ragged and sturdy,
and finds lots of amusement in bewildering the
police,

 

A Workman in a Sawmill Cut in Two at the
Waist and His Arm Cat Off.

BouivarR N, Y., June 1.—Phillip Evingham,
40 years of age, employed in the steam sawmill
of M. E. Horner, two miles south of Belmont,
this county, stubbed his toe at 5 o'clock last
night and fell across abuzz saw making 1,400
revolutions a minute. Ashe fell he threw up
his arm. The arm was cut off and the saw
passed through his body at the waist, a thin
strip of tissue holcing the dismembered parts
together, None of the mill hands saw the acci-
dent They were outside the mill when he fell
No outery was heard The body lay on the
running saw for five minutes and was hacked
horribly before the accident was discovered.

 

DIARRHCA.
One of New York's leading specialists said:
“Over 05% of the cases of diarrha@a and bowel
complaint, especially inthe hot weather, could
be averted if every oye would pour a small
quantity of DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
in each glass of water before drinking, as it
kills the germs.”
Mrs. Leonard B. Hill says that Mme. Patti
never drinks water without putting Whiskey in
it. Mme. Patti says Pure Whiskey not only

destroys the germ but prolongs life.

DUFFY'S Is the only absolutely PURE MALT
WHISKEY in the world. It contains not a drop of
fuseloll Itisa germ killer and the true elixir of life.

| Itis the only whiskey recognized by the United States

| 45 a medicine

Government for tts medici
nal qualities. It 1s stamped
All other so
called “medicinal Whis
kies” are only cheap imita
tions and are,tnjurious, as
they contain deleterious sub
stances Be sure you get tne
genuine, See that the seal
over the cork is unbroken.
If your druggist or grocer
does not sell me bottle will

be sent Apress pre-
paid, on Keelpt of 81-00"

DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. ¥.

 

He was |

|

\.

WHARTON BARKER ACCEPTS

 

LETTER 10 THE POPULISTS WHO
NAMED HIM FOR PRESIDENS.

 

Wants Direct Legislation and Discusses the
Subjects of Money and Transportation Es-
pecially—His Views of Traste-He is ts
Favors of Independence for the Filipinos.

PHILADELPHtA, June 1,—Wharton Barker, the
nominee of the recent Cincinnati convention of
the Middle-of-the-Road Populists for President
of the United States, has made public bis ac-
ceptance of the nomipation, The letter is ad-
dressed to "M. W. Howard, J. M, Mallett and W.
8. Morgan, members of the Committee of Noti-
fication.’ The letter is in response toa brief
one formally noti’ying Mr. Barker of the
nomination and expressing the hope ‘that you
Willaccept the trust imposed in you by the
representatives of the Populist masses of our
country as their leader in this great campaign
against the plutocracy for the restoration of
the lost rights of the people.”

Mr. Barker says at the outset that when the
views he holds are adopted generally “this will
be a better and happier land to live in.” He
then advocates direct legislation, the initiative
al referendum. Then he goes to the subject

of the concentration of wealth and says:

“We see arule of selfishness and greed sup-
planting a rule of love and brotherhood; we
see money exalted above man. We see a vast

roductionof wealth and afew who toil not, rave

despoil, gathering a greater and ter share
of that tvhich ts M yge Actually the toiler
may resp more than a score of years ago: rela-

tively to that which his labor produces he reaps
less-for the speculative cliques who wax fat
by living upon others are managing to reap a
larger share, And so we have an ever-wi ng
gulf separating the few from the many, have
an ever-widening separation of our people into
a House of Have and a House of Want’

On the topic of “Finance and Transportation”
Mr. Barker says:

“It is chiefly through the instrumentality
of our banks that give to the speculative cliques
a certain control over the ue of money and
enable them to command general fluctuation
of prices, and threneh the instrumentality of
our railroads by which they confer prosperity
and adversity when and where they see fit,
building up enterprises and destroying enter-
prises, causing one locality to flourish and
another to languish, one to be thrilled with ac-
tivity, one to fe chilled with stagnation, that
said cliques operate. If we would then take away
their power to despoil we must loosen their
grasp pon the instruments through which they
act, we must establish a monetary system anda
transportation system that they cannot mono-
polize, cannot grasp to the exclusion of all others:
systems that will serve not peculiarly the specu-
lative cliques, but equally all the people

“so do we proclaim that there are two great
domestic questions of infinite concern to the
material interests and moral welfare of our peo-
ple that press for solution, (1) the money ques-
tion, and (2) the railroad question, which in-
volves the trust question nd these questions
we would solve by the Issue of paper money by
the Government irredeemableincoinand by the
nationalization of the railroads. We know that
the Democratic and Republican parties do not
advocate these measures. We know that they
stand in the way of solving these questions
and we cannot prostitute our principles by sup-
yorting the candidates of either of such parties.
Vhile we belleve in the free coinage of silver
wong with gold as a temporary measure, hold-
ing that a dollar based on the two metals is
more likely to be stable than a dollar based on
one, it must be remembered that the Populist
does not want a gold dollar, nor a silver dollar,
but a paper dollar that will be an honest dollar,
something that gold and silver dollars, the
volume of which cannot be regulated at will by
the Government and in response to the demands
of trade, cannot be; and he does not want the rail-
roads to continue to be operated by corporations
as preferential carriers, but by the Government
as common carriers

“Lhe speculative cliques want a currency
that by expansion and contraction they can
make cheap and dear and prices high and
low by turns. The people want a currency
that will expand with their needs, which will
«row neither cheap nor dear but maintain
a stable value, thereby securing the eouities
of debtors and creditors and placing
business upon firm foundations, free trom
the ups and dawns in prices over which men
not in the cliques have no control and against
which no business foresight can guard, yet
which may strip them in almost the twinkling

of an eye of the profits of a year, of the savings |

of a _luetime, throw them from hope into des-
pondency, cut off the promise of success, open
the way to bankruptey.

“This currency that will maintain a stable
value it is the duty of the Government to give.
It is its duty to regulate the volume of money
in a Way to accomplish this. The amount of
money needed to accomplish this, the times
when the money must be issued to preserve
the stability, the times when smaller issues
are pequires can readily be ascertained. We

have the general level of prices our guide,
our currency barometer, The mereury in
that barometer, the general index number,
should always register the same. So lone

as it registers the same it means that prices
are stable, that the purchasing power of money
is unchanged, the equities between debtors
and creditors undisturbed. If it falls it means
the prices are lower, money dearer, the debtor

being despoiled for the creditor's benefit. It
means that justice requires the issue of more
money. If on the other hand the index num-
ber in this curreney barometer rises it means

that prices are rising, that money has departed |

from the level of honesty with the result of
benefiting the debtor at the creditor's expense
and that in the name of @onesty, in the in-
terest of industry and business, the issue of
mones be diminished.”

On the subjectot trusts Mr. Barker says:

“To talk of licensing trusts is to trifle with evil,
The trusts have come
industrial evolution, from the fact that great
combinations have made possible the introduc.
tion of economies in production; some as the

product of special lewistation, largely thegrant- |

 

ing of franchises exclusive by their nature;
some as the result of railroad discriminations
forbidden by the law, but which the law has
been powerless to prevent And so arising, the
trusts must be treated with some regard to the
manner inwhich they havearisen. Those that
have arisen in the third way, in railroad dis-
criminations, can be dealt with effectively,
properly, by the Government taking possession
of the railroads and putting an end to the evilof
freight discrimination so destructive of the
first right of the American people the right to
an equality of opportunity, Those that have
arisen in the second way can be successfully
treated only by the national, State and munici-
pal governments taking back the public
franchises they have given away and which
they havea common law right to do: those that
have arisen inthe first way and that abuse their
power, the power that comes with concentra-
tion, and that ought to benefit the general pub-
lic, must be taken by the people as they see the
necessity and that they may enjoy the bene-
nts of the industrial evolution going on around

vem

‘so do we declare that where trusts and mon-
opolies are not the artificial creation of trans-

portation and other discriminations, and that |

ean, therefore, be destroyed by the removal
of such discriminations, but are the growth of
nati.ral conditions. are and must continue to be
moncpolies because of the very nature of their
being, that the nation, the State, the munici-
pality must be the monopolist in order that the
people may be protected in their rights. Where
monopoly cannot be destroyed, or where,
being of natural growth, it is not to the interest
of the people to destroy it, the Government
must be the monopolist. Private monopoly
must be a bane, government monopolization
of natural monopolies must be a blessing.”
Mr. Barker says that when land is not used
and occupied ownership should revert to the

State. He also objects to the alien ownershi
of land. On the subject of taxation he says: ’

“We should tax the dollar, not the man. Jus-
tice demands this: we stand for {t.”

“Usurpation of the courts” occupies Mr,
Barker's attention to some extent, and on that
he Says:

“The function of the courts is to interpret
laws, not to make laws, yet we have seen them
enforcing self-made law, seen Judges sit as
prosecuting attorney, Judge and jury, all in
one. Their function is judicial, not executive
much less legislative. The lesson of their
usurpations, of their encroachments on the
rights of people, is that In order to conserve
our liberties we must discontinue the system
of life tenure of office, either elective or ap-
pointive in our judiciary, and make our Judges
elective and their tenure of office short, eo that
they may be held to accountability’ by the
peonie

Election. of Senators and President by
yote is advocated. Mr. Barker an he areas
for, compulsory arbitration in labor disputes
and sare: ‘

‘But we do not undertake the tas’ .
fending the boycott and the strike. ns pia
the boyeott, as we justify the strike, as a
times men justify resort to force as a defence
against oppression. But we do not justify
the strike as desirable, or the boycott as de-
sirable, any more than we would justify war
as desirable. Yet, as there aro times when
war is justifiable, so there are times when
the strike and boyeott are justifiable, ee
van only say that such times should not come:
in nations where ruled are rulers they should
not be permitted to come. The boycott, as
the strike, is an interference with trade, a
check to industry, to the accumulation’ of
wealth, to pro

Mr. Barker
pines: | that ou t h

“| feel that our course in the i
is dictated by motives of greed. I tel that
by our conrse there we are staining our flag
consecrated to the eause of liberty, not of op-
pression, the cause of self-government, not of
subjugation—emblem that we would have
stand for right, not might; love, not greed.
And I feel that justice p love and charit
for the failings of others demands of the ‘Amerie
ean ple that they encourage the Filipinos
in their aspirations and not put down u
such the crushi foot it, that

ve those le thelr
| up a republic,

to

Tas
a8 this to sayon the Philip-

help

some as the product of |

    

Frederick Courtland Pen-
field has written a very inte-
rest'ng article concerning the
future of Cuba for to-day’s
issue of The Evening Post.

Mr. Penfield’s experience as
U. S. Diplomatic Agent and
Consul-General to Egypt, and

’ his careful study of the condi-
tions in Cuba on the spot,
make him unusually well fit-
ted to discuss the question of
the island’s future. He draws
a very striking parallel be-
tween the British policy of

drift in Egypt with that of the United States in Cuba.

Him IN THE
THIRTEENTH ROUND.

KID WM’COY STOPS

 

Philadeiphian Dangerous With Right Hand
for Ten Rounds, but After That the Kid
Trims Him With Ease—Levy Beats Smith
in First Hout at Broadway Club.

Jack Bonner, the Philadelphia middleweight,
worried Kid McCoy for ten rounds at the

Broadway A.C. last night, but after that the

Kid took his measure and in the thir-

teenth round Bonner'’s seconds threw up |

the sponge. McCoy was particularly careful
in the early stages because of Bonner’s power-
ful right-hand swings, one of which split the

Kid's lefteve open. Butas Bonner tired him-

self with constant rushing, the latter had no

trouble in wifning when he cutloose, In the
preliminary of twelve rounds, at 110 pounds,

Al Levy of this city outpointed Sammy Smith

of Philadelphia, and got the decision from

Referee Charley White.

McCoy was a4 to 1 favorite over Bonner. The

Kid was handled by Homer Selby, Joe Falvey ,

Don't Wear Yourself Out Fighting Mosquitoes,
Use Liquid

SKEDADDLE CREAM BALM

and
| THEY WON T TOUCH YOU.

No disagreeable odor, free from daudor stain, in
visible when applied to the skin, and there is nothin
to wash off. One appjication ls effective for severa:
} hours Absolutely harmless, even {f taken internally.
Th isa peerless antiseptic and a delicate and valuable
tollet preparation. 2c. at druggists’ and sporting
goods dealers’, or by mall on receipt of price.

GAIL CHEMICAL COMPANY,
Box 93, Bound Brook, N. J.

 

ARPET CLEANSING.

826 7th Av., Near 28th St.

Estb. 1865, Tel, 1182 88th Bt
Send for Cireular.

{and Mike Sullivan. Bonner was looked |

| afier by Charley Johnson, Billy Needham | T. pA, STEWART.
and Jimmy De Forest. The COnCINONS | pene AS TT
were twenty-five rounds at 158 pounds, a :

McCoy opened the fight with a couple of quick

 

 

ANE ete

jefts in the face, Bonner clinching ond pound-
ing the kidneys with the right, MeCoy then

    
   
   
   

 

  

feinted his man until the crowd laughed, as Standard remedy for Gleet,

Bonner was all at sea. The latter finally rushed Gonorrhea Runnin:

into actinch and once again beat the kidneys 1N 48 HOURS. Cures
Bonner did the leading to

| with a free right
the gong, but inflicted no davrage.

Bonner set the pase in the second round.
McCoy fought at long range, and smiled at his
opponent's ineffectual efforts to reach him. But
Bonner kep! Coming all the time with such per-
sistency that MeCoy had'‘o stand off and hook
him in the face with fast hard lefts, Bone |
ner, however, kept the Kid busy with
a defence tothe beil They got ina mix-up as

Rey and Bladder Troubles.

   

 

TRIAL OF LIEUT.

MARTIN.

Two Checks Alleged to Be Withheld From the
Vouchers Given to the Court,

After an adjournment of two days the taking
of testimony in the court-martial trial of Lieut.
Edward H. Martin of the Fifth Artillery was
resumed at Fort Hamilton yesterday. Lieut,
Harrison Hall, who was the first witnesa for
the day called by the prosecution, said that
Lieut. Martin had succeeded him as treasurer
of the post exchange and canteen at Fort Hane
cock, On Sunday, he said, he had received
a telegram at Fort Hancock from Lieut. Mare
tin requesting the return of checks or vouchurs

him on the mouth witha left and also put his | which Martin had used while acting treasurer of
right to the body. Bonner was still forcing the | the canteen. The checks, Martin said, could be
fight, but McCoy was looking for an opening | found in a desk in the room which he had occue
to shoot in a hard punch that con) vied up to the time he was removed to Fort
end matters inasecond He landed a couple | Jamilton to be tried by court-martial, Lieut.

soon asthe third rourd began. Bonner con-
| tinued to do the leadjng, McCoy keeping away
with his feet and worrying his opponent witha
| clever defencs, They exchanged swings at
close range and Konner then rushed inces-
| santly to the gong.
Bonner began the fourth with a mix-up,
| McCoy clinching. Bonner rushed and MeCoy
gave an exhibition of clever ducking, The Kid
! met another rush withleft handers, but Bonner
was so vigorous that McCoy clinched, he
latter's left eye was cut ina rough mix-up and
Bonner kept on with hia leading to the gong
As McCoy came up for the fifth Bonner rapped

 

of swiftleft-handers onthe jaw, but at that ainle ’ res
Bonner stood in for another mix-up an Hill anid a had gens by mal come Wh voccaer.
walloped the Kid's left eye with swings untilit ) The witness said that on account of his knowl+
was swelling ra: idly. edge of the questions asked concerning soma
of them he took more than passing notice of
also received
|
|

McCoy was cautions as they began the sixth

‘They soon got into a fast mix-up, however, and | them. He had certain infor

both landed heavy «wings. MeCov then i

: ~ - , mation regarding the character of one of these

| peesn be Out Tepes - aa checks and for that reason had paid particue
‘ ‘ n "S$ | lar attention to it. He was then asked by

willing and sent in strong counters to the
face and body McCoy was faster every mo-
ment and when the round ended it seemed only
a question of time before he would end the
battle in a decisive manner. Booner began
the seventh with a rush, but soon Metoy
caught him on. the chin. with a. terrific
right that shook the Philadelphian to the heels,
McCoy immediately began his fast feints and
jabs, which completely puzzled Bonner and aiso
ad him retreating and staggering 1oward the
end. Bonner’s mouth was bleeding when he
took his corner

Bonner inet the Kid in the eighth witha
desperate swing on the neck. MeCov proceeded
to circle around him, throwing in the jaus, but
| Bonner kept after him with wild swings, one
| of which sent the Kid wall down, MeCoy was
up with a quick jump and they mixed
| it. Bonner’s strength enabled him to keep after
} his man and MeCov was clearly worried when
the round ended. MeCoy took a drink of
whiskey just before the ninth round began.
BonnerAvas the acereasor His right eve waa
blackened MeCoy met him with effective
hooks on the Jaw and swings in the face that
cut the right eye open — Bonner still came with
bul!dog pluck, but the Kid danced out of reach
andat the same time jabbed his man until
Bonner's face was covered with blood, The
latter finished strong, however

MeCoy stood still as the tenth began and met

Judge Advocate Payne to look over the checks

which Martin presented to the court and see

if he could identify that particular check.
| The witness examined the checks and said:
os All the checks that I sent to Martin are not
here, Two of them are miasing. The check
that I paid more particular attention to called
for $700 and the other check fr $300, They were
drawn to the order of Lieut. Martin and signed
by Martin as officer and treasurer of the cane
teen.”

The defence made no attempt yesterday to
show what had become of the two checks,
The next witness was [enry Sechnellbacher
cashier of the Krueger Brewing Company of
Newark. He testified how goods were sent to
the canteen at Fort Hancock and that pays
| ment for thern had always been made to him
| by check. He produced a statement showing
the amount of goods purchased for the canteen
for January, February and March. He said
that on Feb. 19 he sent.a bill for $450.

"That bill.” said the court, “is in question,
for the amount on it now calls for $550."

Counsel for the defence objected to Sehnelle
bacher trying to refresh his memory by inspect+
ina the accounts which he had in his hands

“I have to rely upon that,” said the witness,
“I have so much business to attend to it’s the
only way I can positively recall the accounts
of the canteen.”

 

 

 

Bonner’s rushes with heavy jolts on the jaw | The court sustained the objection. Counsel
and stomach. Bonner kept in with heavy | for Lieut. Martin on cross-examination brought
swings until McCoy was seemingly rattled | outthefactthat the statemént had nm made

out by one of the bookkeepers of the firm and that
he and Schnellbacher had compared it. Counsel
said that as Sehnellbacher had not made out
the statement his testimony should not have any
weight with the proseaition. Judge Advocate
Payne then asked for an adjournment until
Mondiy morning in order to have the boeklecy ef
of the comrany present to swear to the state=
ment. The request was granted,

’ Ronner mixed it with remarkable tenacity, and
| McCoy was at a standstill when the gong
sounced

Bonner was boring in with the same old yigor
in the eleventh. He missed the jaw wit. a
fearful right swing which would have put the
Kid out of business hadit landed. MeCoy took
the defensive, but his counters were effective
enough tomate Bonnerelinch, Bonner dropped
to the fleor out of a clineh and took a count of
| five seconds. Wheo he got up the crowd hooted
| Mevoy, The round ended tamely.

Me( oy started the twelfth with a fast. rally
He put in facers and body blows until Bonner
went to one knee. Opon arising Bonner rushed
but MeCoy split his left eve open witha heavy
upper cut eCoy then putin the punches so
fast that Bonner fell to his knees for
another count without the price of a blow.
In ths last minute McCoy put it all over his
man and the latter finished in distress. McCoy

ot home a series of wicked jabs in the thir-
eenth which soon covered Bonner's face with
blood. The latter finally dropped without re-
eely. nga punch, and while on the floor his sec-
onds threw up the sponge. The time of the
round was filty-one seconds.

 

 

Charter Reviser Studying Police Courts.

Frank J. Goodnow, professor of politica
philosophy at Columbia University and a mem-
ber of the Charter Revision Commission, sat
with Magistrate Flammer during the morning
seasion at the Jefferson Market police court
yesterday. Mr. Goodnow said he was there to
observe the workings of the police courts and
report to his fellow commissioners.

Audubon Society Mects To-day.

The annual meeting of the New York State
Audubon Society will be held in the leoture hall
of the American Museum of Natural History
this afternoon at 3 o'clock, Dr J. A. Allen will
yo a report of the work of the society, and

rank M. Chapman will make an illusirated
addrese on ‘The Birds The pubs
lic is invited to attend,

Lawyer Grossman to Marry.

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Berliner of 10 West 1318¢
street, announce the engagement of their
daughter, Lillian Viola, to Moses H. Grossman

of the law firm of House, Grossman and Vor-
haus. The wedding date has not been set, but
the ceremony will take piace late in Juge or
early in July.

Capital Stock Increased to $1,000,000.

AuBaNy, June 1.—A certificate of Incorpora-
tionof the capital stock of the Chesebrough
Building Company of New York city from
$406,000 to $1,000,009 was filed with tne Secretary
ol State to-day. Among the direotors of the
company are Robert A. Chesebrough, F. hp.
Coudeort, Jr, G. Howard Davison, Arthur J.
Hopper and William H. Chesebrough.

=

Hot Fights in Brookiyn.

Some very interesting bouts took place in
the ring of the National A.C. last night. Three
“goes of ten and one of fifteen rounds was the
ecard, Joe Ward was the referee, The show
opened with a ten-round encounter between
Jack Sheppard and Willie Burns at 108 pounds.
Sheppard won.

The second tilt in which Al Johnson, colored,
of Albany and Charles McNally, white, of Prov-
idenoe figured, was very exciting. The pair
were scheduled to meet for ten rounds at 125
pounds. McNally was knocked out

The third pair was Young Horney and Joe
Parker, The fight wasten rounds atiis pounds, |
Parker was several pounds overweight and had
{ the longer reach Horney had Parker bleeding
from the third round and easily got the de-
cision

The wind-up was between Kid Ackermann
and Jack McGovern, Ackermann waa sub-
stituted for Harry Petersen The limit was
fifteen rounds at 154 pounds. The battle was
awarded to McGovern

of Fashion.”

 

 

 

 

 

———

 

 

 

— ——

EVERY HOUSEHOLD ano TRAVELLING TRUNK cucnT TO cowTain A BOTTLE oF

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alcoholic Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousnes3, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn,
Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,
Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, & Fevers of all kinds.

THE EFFECT of ENO'S ' FRUIT SALT’ on a DISORDERED SLEEPLESS, and FEVERISH CONDITION Je
SIMPLY MARVELLOUS. it 18, in fact, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY, and an UNSURPASSED ON °

Prepared only by J. C. ENO, Led.,' FRUIT GALT’ WORKS. LONDON, ENG., by J.C. ENO'S Patent,
Wholesale of B. FOUGERA & CO, 4 2% & B®, North Wiliam Sirees, New York.