ag =

eee t natee ineteeeete inet ae

 

SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1000.

 

 

Subscriptions by Mati, Postpatd.
DAILY, per Montb seveeee, 60 BO

DAILY, per Yeor...... +s . °
° VOAr nc sc ceseeeeeceeee es
BUNDAY. per Yea so

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year.... .
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month....+++++++

Postage to foreign countries added.
Tur SUN, New York City.

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they

must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.
ES

 

 

 

 

 

The Artillery.

A glance at the rosters of the War De-
partment will show fort after fort ungar-
rleoned. Of those forts which are garri-
soned, most have merely the men necessary
to scrape and clean the material, with no
time to learn the more important and
essential duties, to drill, to fire and to hit.
The expensive ordnance at the coast forts
cannot but suffer when there are such in-
adequate means for keeping it in order.

The artillery needs a chief, the coast artil-
lery and the field artillery should be sepa-
rated and the whole should be acorps. This
{s {ta proper organization, and the Army Re-
organization bill, or a bill such as Senator
Haw.ey introduced on Monday, providing
for a proper number of men and officers
fit for artillery work, the increase being
gradual, is a national need of the first
importance.

This brings us to a certain despatch from
Washington, printed in yesterday's Sun.

For the German people we have the most
profound admiration. We follow with un-
qualified interest the declining prominence
in the general estimation of the Ger-
manio War Lort's youthful bombast com-
pared with the serious force and prac-
tical effectiveness of his later years. In
this sentiment we belleve we are joined
by the vast majority of Teutons who,
having renounced the allegiance to which
they were born, have acquired citizenship
in the United States. But we oppose the
argument which they have urged on
Speaker HENDERSON that an increase in the
artillery smacks too strongly of the “ mili-
tarism" for which largely they left Ger-
many, and that consequently our coasts
should be left defenceless, our forts un-
manned and unequipped.

We emphatically dissent also from the
Hon. Davip BeeMNER HENDERSON'S conclu-
gion that because of the protests received
from him from these sources, the change
and increase in the artillery so patently
desirable, should not be made. The require-
ments of the United States in this respect
tre too plain for debate.

The Future of the Boer Republics,

In the speech made by Lord SaLispury
at a meeting of the City of London Conser-
vative Association we have an authoritative
announcement of the treatment that may
be expected by the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State, The words of the Prime
Minister, however, should be examined
carefully, for much stress has been laid
vpon the declaration that ‘not a shred of
really independent government should be
left tothem.”” This sentence must be con-
strued in connection with the context and
fn view of the political state of things to
which the war has put an end.

We should bear in mind that, up to the
outbreak of the contest, the Orange Free
State was an absolutely independent com-
monwealth as regards not only its inter-
nal affairs, but also its foreign relations.
The sole restriction imposed by the Conven-
tion of 1884 on the independence of the
Transvaal, or South African Republic, was
the following: The Pretoria Government
was at liberty to negotiate and conclude
treaties with any foreign Power, but these
treaties would not be valid provided, within
six months after their conclusion, Great
Britain should exercise the option of pro-
testing against them. With this single
exception the Tranvaal had as much in-
dependence as the Orange Free State or the
United Kingdom itself, It is obvious that,
ff such independence should be suffered to
continue, the Boer republics might again
employ their revenues in the collection of
military stores and await a second oppor-
tunity of using them when England should
find herself involved in a struggle for her
existence. It is manifestly this contingency
which Lord Sauisrvry has in mind when he
says that precautions must be taken that
will render it impossible for war to break
out again in South Africa. Such indepen-
dence, therefore, as was formerly enjoyed
will be henceforth deemed inadmissible
from the British point of view.

But can the Boer republics, transformed
into British colonies, be forthwith permit-
ted even to exercise such almost unlimited
powers of local self-goverment as are
conceded to Canada and Australia? The
Canadian and Australlan commonwealths
have the right, it must be remembered, to
accumulate military stores and to organize
a militia on a large scale, It is evident
from Lord Satispury's speech that, for the
present, at all events, that right will be
withheld from the citizens of the annexed
republics. That is to say, the form of local
government, which will be at first devised
for them will resemble that applied in the
so-called Crown colonies, wherein only a
minimum of political privilege is dele-
gated to the voters, or else it will be a
type intermediate between that and the
almost complete autonomy enjoyed in the
self-governing dependencies, The precise
nature of the provisional institutions will
depend largely, no doubt, as Lord Satis-
BURY pointed out, on the conduct and
temper of the Boers. It is probable, also,
that the views of the large, if not prepon-
derant, Afrikander population in the Cape
Colony will have considerable weight. It
would not be expedient to convert into vio-
lent hatred of England the sympathy which
the Afrikanders have naturally felt for their
kinsmen of the Transvaal and the Orange
Free State. The Boer is already a hero.
It would be imprudent to make him a
martyr.

Lord Satissvry's speech itself conveys
an intimation that no such course will be
followed. He distinctly says that in deal-
ing with the annexed commonwealths Eng-
land will be animated by the same spirit
which she has exhibited toward her colonies
for many years. That is to say, she will

pursue in the Orange Free State and in the
Transvaal the same policy of appeasement
and conciliation which she has followed in
French Canada, The fruits of that policy
in the Province of Quebec have been loyalty
and affection, and, under similar conditions,

 

a like harvest may be ultimately garneregl | of fiction
in South Africa, Such, at all events, isthe | than among unliterary works.
; pr

;

 
  

necessaries
i

a

toward that goal. Our motives will be the
motives that have guided many generations
of English Governments in their treatment of

ing from the experience of the past
can there be any comparison of the value,
a hundred years henoe, for instance, be-
tween a London City Directory of this year
and a volume of Mr. ALFRED AUSTIN'S

    

 

the colonies, and, before many years, we | poems, or between a volume of patent re-
trust that the affection which will unite the , ports and a criticism by Mr. LE GALLIENNE?
colonies in South Africa to the Government | Whatever they mark for destruction, some

and the Queen will be as keen as the affec-
tion which unites Canada and the Australian
colonies to ourselves,”’ It is not by harsh-
ness and oppression that such affection is
evoked, A fair inference from the words
just quoted is that, at the earliest practica-
ble moment, the inhabitants of the terri-
tories which have been hitherto known as
the Orange Free State and the South Afri-
can Republic will obtain the largest meas-
ure of local autonomy which is compatible
with adequate precautions against an
insurrection,

 

The Great Bear and Bryan.

A few days ago an ingenious fellow citi-
gen, the Hon. ALFRED Henry Lewis, sent
to the St. Louia Republic and certain other
journals an interview with a still more dis-
tinguished New Yorker, Mr. James R.
Kreng, Before going abroad, Mr. KEENE
imparted his present political ideas to the
sympathetic ear of Mr. Lewis. ‘ Money is
in the saddle,” Mr. Lewis makes Mr. KEENE
say; “it is riding down the institutions of
this country with a confident insolence that
tells of its firm belief in its own invincibil-
ity. It is running the Government to-day
in every branch and arm.” If this sounds
more like the habitual preachments of Mr.
Lewis than the language of Mr. KEENE, we
must remember that the idea and not the
language is the important thing. Mr.
KEENE doesn't object to money on his
account, but like so many other Democrats
he shudders at plutocracy.

According to Mr, Lewis, Mr. KEENE
backed his aversion to plutocracy by bet-
ting $7,500 to $10,000 that Bryan will defeat
McKistev. From which it appears that
Mr. KEENR's expectation of unsaddiing
Money is not too confident,

Divers Democratic and Mugwump jour-
nals have reprinted with evident satisfac-
tion Mr, Lewis's account of Mr. KkENE’s
political opinions and bet. Prudent Demo-
cratic and Mugwump editors would scarcely
care to avail themselves of Mr. KEENE'S
Bryanite views. An old hand and a strong
in the stock market, Mr. KBENE's tempera-
ment and habit lead him to take a gloomy
view of all prosperities. He wishes and
believes that the price of stocks should go
down, It would be money in his pocket to
have Bryan elected, The resulting finan-
cial smash would be such as the wildest
ursine dreams could hardly equal. Un-
consciously Mr, KEENE's present political
opinions reflect his general financial view.
That the Bryanites should be happy because
the Great Bear favors their man shows how
little it takes to make them happy. And if
Mr. Keene said about money the things
which Mr, Lewis represents him as saying,
why, Mr. Keene is a deep and subtle humor-

ist whom the simple Bryanites have not
found out.

A British Museum Problem.

There are persons, and lovers of books at
that, whothink that Caliph Omar should be
canonized for ordering the destruction of
the great library at Alexandria rather than
be held up to the scorn of mankind. Price-
less treasures no doubt were lost, but what
a burden of rubbish was lifted from men's
minds, and found ause in heating the city
baths. Ona smaller scale the British House
of Lords wishes to imitate Caliph Omar. It
has passed to a second reading a bill
empowering the trustees of the British
Museum to disperse the newspapers in its
collections and to destroy such books and
pamphlets as they shall deem useless.

Needless to say, the proposal meets with
strong opposition from scientific men. Mr.
Sipney Leer, who, as editor of the great
“Dictionary of National Biography,” has
had ample experience of the unthought-of
dust heaps where facts must be sought for,
declares with perfect truth that “It is be-
yond the capacity of the human intellect to
discriminate between what is valuable and
what is valueless in the pursuit of historical
research.”’ A smashed washbowl or a cast-
away soup bone is of inestimable worth to
archeologists if it is only old enough, if
found in the lowest Ilion for instance, and
are they not digging up the dead for their
trinkets in Fgypt and studying the papyrus
wrappings of mummifled crocodiles? Even
an English provincial newspaper may have
a use for some one some time and should
therefore be preserved.

The trouble with the British Museum ts
lack of space. It contains what 1s probably
the largest collection of books in the world,
over 2,000,000 books and 55,000 volumes of
manuscripts, and it {s increasing at the
rate of 46,000 volumes a year. Its acces-
sions come not only by purchase but by the
operation of the Copyright law, under
which copies of all publications copyrighted
must be sent to the Museum, so that there
is some ground for the popular belief that
any book can be had when called for in
its reading room. This immense collection
under one roof has made the British Mu-
seum a centre of attraction for scholars
from all parts of the civilized world. The
authorities, what with the present buildings
and what with adjoining land that they can
use when needed, have a solid block, con-
taining thirteen acres, at their disposal.
Nevertheless they see the time ahead when
they cannot house their accumulations and
are preparing to throw overboard part of
them; they think first, naturally, of the libra-
rian's bugbear, bound newspapers,

These the British Museum does not pro-
pose to destroy but to disperse among
county and town libraries; a plan which {s
found objectionable on the ground that they
become thereby inaccessible. Itis suggested
that if room is needed it would be better to
remove the antiquities and curiosities now
in the Museum to some other building and
to use the space given up to them for books,
Should that prove insufficient it would be
wiser for the Government to keep on buying
land for additions, but to keep the whole of
the great library together. Tho strength of
a library lies in the confidence of the com-
munity that it can provide its readers
with any book they need on any subject.
That confidence is best justified at present
by the library of the British Museum and
by the National Library at Paris. One of
these days it will be by the New York City
Library.

The predicament of the Museum trustees
when they shall have to decide what printed
matter is useless and what is not is amus-
ing toimagine. They will not try to decide
for a thousand years from now, but they
may endeavor to think a century ahead.

When brought face to face with the ques-
tion, ““Which books will be least useful
in the year 2000?" we guess that their
victims willbe found rather in the domain
and poetry and theology
Judge

Neer ee en ee ee en eee eee rece eee creer ee eee eee a eee ee nasties nesses lien ironies eeenneteienincialinataniiandamiaoeamemnbsatinaidetnmaninnimeeemnmaiemmnidemniiones:

historian of the next century will be sure
to brand them as vandals.

Perhaps, if they are wise, they will leave
the whole matter to nature. Scientific men
tell us that the wood paper we use will
crumble away, obliterating the good and the
less good alike. It may be, too, that some
twentieth century Omar may arise to sweep
away the burden of the past and leave his
followers free to think only of the future.
The duty of the British Museum trustees,
however, seems plain, It is to keep on
gathering everything, good and bad, that
is printed, into their great library.

 

Vermont and Jonathan Ross.

The term for which the late Justin 8.
Morni11 was elected to the United States
Senate in 1896 will expire next March. The
Vermont Legislature meets in October, be-
fore the Presidential election. There are
already half a dozen prominent candidates
in the fleld, nearly half a dozen of them, as
we understand, hailing from St. Johnsbury
or its immediate neizhborhood.

The Caledonia county Republicans will
hold their convention at St. Johnsbury on
Saturday of this week; an event sure to
have an important influence upon the for-
tunes of the several candidates.

In the list are the names of some men of
national reputation, among them ex-Gov-
ernor DILLINGHAM and ex-Congressman
WILLIAM W. Grout,

But Vermont happens to have in the
United States Senate, alongside of the Hon.
RepFIELD Proctor at the present time,
a Senator who by reason of his level head,
profound acquirements and ripe and en-
gaging personal character, would be a
credit to the State continuing him in that
high office. He was appointed by the Gov-
ernor at the beginning of iast year to fill
the vacancy occasioned by Mr. Morri.'s
death. No new Senator ever earned more
promptly, or more easily, or more deserv-
edly, the respect of thet illustrious body.
He was an acquisition of the first class,

Why should Vermont go beyond Jona-
THAN Ross? The Senator is nota very young
man, but the Green Mountain stock is
enduring; and even at the end of another
term of six years Senator Ross would be
eight or nine years younger than Mr. Mor-
RILL was when he died in harness.

 

The Inextinguishable Horse.

The immense turnout of horses which
occurred upon the Speedway here a few
weeks ago has just been imitated in Provi-
dence under the auspices of the Providence
Driving Association. According to the
Providence Journal, there were over four
hundred and fifty horses in line, headed by
Bright Regent, of 2:06 calibre, driven by
Col. Gorr, the chairman of the Executive
Committee. The route of the procession
was five miles long and there was an “un-
broken line of spectators.” It is said by
those who witnessed the recent New York
parade that Providence showed a “larger
crowd than the metropolis.”’ In the evening
there was a banquet.

The purpose of the parade was, not to
celebrate a speedway completed, but to get
one. Surely the parade cleared Providense's
title to one beyond dispute.

Prophets of a horseless age have failed
to consider the element of sport. They
have imagined, because the trolley was
discovered for the street car, andthe auto-
mobiles move trucks and stages and have
replaced many a horse whose prime use
was merely ‘getting there’’ from place to
place, that the man behind the trotter
would go out also. He will never go out,
any more than the sailing yacht will be
Obliterated by the steamer.

There is too much fun in sail and trotter
to permit the boat and horse having these
names respectively to be crushed beneath
the iron heel of evolution and progress.
And if any one thinks otherwise, let him
consider the speed ways cropping up in every
well-ordered city of the Union,

 

At their reoent meeting the Indiana Demo~
cratic editors jumped into the Dead Sea of
history and came up sputtering with this reso-
lution:

‘We favor a tariff for revenue only, limited to
the needs of the Government, economically adminis-
tered."

Ancient and fishlike resolution! The Demo-
cratic party that bombed and stormed for a
tariff for revenue only, coddled protection
when {t came into power; and the present
Democratic party is flerce against all wealth
and not merely against Robber Barons. An
attempt to revive the tariff-for-revenue only
agitation now is about as timely and will cause
about as much enthusiasm as a proposal to
revive periwigs.

The antli-impertalista are a queer lot. Here
{s Secretary Ornpway of the Anti-Imperialist
League of thistown. Hear him talk:

‘The address of the President of the National As-
sociation of Democratic Clubs against imperialism
only shows how the people of this country are aroused
in favor of our principles.""

One man puts forth an address, and that
shows how the people are aroused, So if Mr.
ORDWAY or Mr. ERVING WINSLOW speaks or
writes against expansion, the peop!e must be
against expansion. Men have been sen: to
insane asylums for less acute delusions.

 

New Jersey has grown fat by dealing genily
with the Octopus and giving him all the com-
fortsof home. It is hard work for the New
Jersey Democrats to simulate a tremendous
rage against the monster. Even the Bryanite
vocabulary of Col. Zuuick failed to inflame the
delegates to the Jersey Democratic State Con-
vention. New Jersey has been doing too well
to be frightened by the bogies of Trusts and

“militarism.”
—_—_—_————————

Platonic Love-Study,

To THE Eprtor or THE SuN--Sir: What is
the general opinion regarding Platonic love
these days? Is it not that most people think
that i’ is impossible?

Viewed from a philosophie standpoint, should
married people object to the formation of these
Platonic friendships (that is, where it is abso-
huitely | ositive that they are Platonic)? For in-
stance, some very high-minded married men
like to converse with some single women who
are master minds or possess some qualities in
their individual selves that are to be much ad-
mired and from which helpon the road of life
can be obteined, Likewise both single and
married women have very strong admirati: ns
for both single and married men, and often-
times opportunities present themselves to form
a friendship of this sort, but the fear of the
o” inions of the others and the enld convention-
alities of present civilization make one fear,

The bachelor woman of to-dav suffers most
fromit. Must her aequaintances and friends
be only women? And yet highly educated and
truly cultured women feel that a broadening of
sympathies is needed In many people which
would help many lives, and bring about a freer
feeling between men ond women, thereby up
lifting the tone of society. Frances H.

 

lark.

To Tuk Epitrorn oF THe SUN—Sir: Is there
fom enough fer Dr. Lark Moon of Columbus, Ohio?
NEw YORX. May 28. E. P. Cc.

.

THE SUN, SATURDAY, JUNE 2,

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

—_——

It is evident that the accounts sent out from
Pretoria when the arrival of the British near
| Johannesburg was first known, were written
| under the influence of the prevailing excite-
; ment. It is now certain that up to Thursday
Lord Roberts had got no further than Johan-
nesburg, and it ia known that the cavalry and
mounted infantry horses have been so used
up by the severity of their work, that rapid
movement by Gen. French’s and Gen. Hamil-
ton’s divisions is for the moment out of the
question, The despatch from THE SUN core
respondent at Pretoria, dated Tuesday, deals
entirely with the local situation and makes
no reference to the Boer military movements
nor the probability of prolonged resistance,
but agrees with others that Pretoria itself will
not be defended, and that the Executive of the
Government would go to Lydenburg. Mean-
while it would appear that the burghers in the
Free State have not yet entirely abandoned
the fleld, as there are still enough of them under
arms to give Gen. Rundle considerable trouble
in the neighborhood of Senekal, between Win-
burg and Bethlehem. . The rebels in the country
to the west of Kimberley appear also to be still
active, as fighting is reported to have taken
place near Douglas in Griqualand West, in
which a British detachment suffered consider-
able loss. This, however, may be only the
echo of a report from that point of a couple of
weeks ago.

The Portuguese authorities at Lorenzo Marques
have, it is announced, taken off the embargo on
freight going into the Transvaal, and are per-
mitting goods to be sent forward to all stations
on the railway line to Pretoria, For the present,
therefore, there is no blockade of supplies from
that side.

From Natal there {s no military news of con-
sequence, but there are probably important
movements golng on as a result of the
changed situation at Pretoria. The report
that the British had appeared at Plat Kop,a
short distance west of Standerton on the railway
to Volksrust, points to a threatening move-
ment against the Boer rear. This will necessi-
tate the immediate retreat of the force in front
of Gen, Buller, if it has not already begun. As
to the conditions actually prevailing in the centre
of the fleld of action, nothing ts reported from
either side, and the rumors coming from the
British side have to be received with reserve.

 

CUBAN CITIZENS OF VOTING AGE,

Of the 417,003 Only 202,631 or Less Than
Half, Can Read and Write,

WASHINGTON, June 1.—Gen. J. P. Sanger,
Director of the Cuban census, has submitted
to the Secretary of War tables showing the
male population of Cuba 21 years of age and
over, classified according to race, nationality,
citizenship, literacy and superior education.
The immediate object of preparing this states
ment was to ascertain the effect of certain pro-
visions of the election laws, proposed and re-
cently promulgated by the Military Governor
of Cuba, on the male population of voting age.
These provisions limit the suffrage to such of
the citizens of Cuba as are able to read and write.

The statement shows that the total number
of male ctlizens of voting age in Cuba is 417,003,
of which 157,813 are whites born in Cuba, 06,088
whites born in Spain, 6,794 whites born in other
countries, and 127,208 colored, including blacks,
mixed and Chinese. Of the Cuban citizens,

numbering 290,005, there are 172,827 who can
neither read nor write, 4,182 who can read but
cannot write, 105,285 who can read and write,
and 8,861 with superior education. Of the 106,-
214 colored Cuban citizens 78,279 can neither
read nor write, while only 198 have superior
education. Of 90,600 Spanish citizens 70,020 can
read and write, but only 314 have superior edu-
cation. Of the residents of Cuba of voting age
who have not declared their citizenship, num-
bering 76,660, there are 56,704 who can read and
write ang 2,162 of superior education. Of
citizens classified as foreign and unknown,
numbering 40,019, there are 11,014 who can read
and write and 2,071 with superior education.

‘he males of voting age in Cuba constituted
76 per cent. of the total population, a little
ess than the peoportion in 189 inthe United
States, where it was 27 per cent. Of the 180,-
47) white Cuban citizens, natives of the island

61 per cent. were unable to read, he color
Cu citizens, numbering 106,214, contained
74 per cent. of illiterates,

Summing up the situation, Gen. Sanger
says that it appears that the total number of
males of voting age who could read was 202,-
631, a little less than half the number of males
of voting age. Of these, 22.629, were of Spanish
or other foreign citizenship or unknown citi-
zenship. The number whose citizenship was
in suspense was 59,724, and the number of Cu-
ban citizens able to read was 118,278, or 59 per
cent, of al) Cuban citizens of voting age.

$70,000 HIDDEN IN A MAGAZINE,
Where the Late Robert Bonner Placed Some
Bonds for Safe Keeping.

Owing to the absence of witnesses the ses-
sion of the Robert Bonner will contest before
Surrogate Fitzgerald was short yesterday.
Robert Edwin Bonner, son of the testator, was
examined in behalf of the two contesting chil-
dren of Mrs. Jeannette F. Bonner, daughter-
in-law of the testator, regarding the agree-
ment for the sale to the witness and his brother
Frederick of the interest of her deceased hus-

and, Andrew Allen Bonner, in the Ledyer
Monthly.

Mr. Bonner testified that his father told him
he had some Government bonds in a bookcase
in the library hidden between the leaves of a
magazine, and he gave the witness a key of the
bookcase. After the death of his father he
found seven Government bonds for $10,000
each between the leaves of the magazine. He
deposited them with other parts of the estate
in the Colonfal Trust Company.

The case went over to June 7.

Western Sale of Shorthorns,

From the Konsaa City Journal.

The sale of shorthorn cattle yesterday at the
Kansas City Stock Yards sale pavilion was
marked by smal! crowds and low prices, but {t
was asale which meant something for Kansas
Citv forall that. The offering was from the
herds of A. A. Wallace of Bunceton, Mo., and
George Wood of Winston, Mo. There were
twenty-seven cows and bulls sold for $3,515, an
average of $130.14. Nine bulls brought $920, an
average of $102 22, while eighteen cows sold for
$2,595, an average of $143.05,

Mr. Wood entered his cattle when they were
wholly unprepared for the auction ring, having
just come from the pasture and were in very

oor flesh, He consequently did not expect

o receive fancy prices for them, though their

breeding was far enouch in the purnle to de-
mandthem, But the polos at which he aold
them, taking into consideration their condition,
were n most agreeshle surprise to him His
avernge price is fully $89 above what he ex-
pected to receive, It to preanie that this sale
will have the effect of bringing many more
prominent breeders of pure-bred stock to this
market.

During the two days’ snle there were gold
eighty-six cows and bulls, which brought $19,-
46, an average of $226.78: seventy cows brought
$16,410, an average of $224 48; sixteen bulls sold
for $2,045, an average of $184 06.

 

Gufferers From the “Noise Crime” Asked to
Unite.

To THR Eprror oF THE SuN~Sir) 1 will
gladly subseribe toafund to secure the enforcement
of section 714 of the City Ordinances, forbidding the
discharge of explosives. Last night and this morn-
ing the explosion of torpedoes in the open street
inflected upon the writer.as well as on many of his
neighbors, suffering not the jess acute because it
was cauced by acts absolutely forbidden bv law.

But [ bell-ven generat annerl tothe officers of the
Sixty etehth street pollee stetion will be all that is
necessary, Twas assured this morning by the ser-

eantin chorze thatthe rut anes should b* stopned

fall Rood citizens will by letter or in person uph ld
the action of the noltce in this regard much good will he
achieved. But why ts itnecessory tor pelogize for ask-
ing the law's enforcement? Why do cli\zens who would
not perinit theirsonsto steal, permit them to murder
quiet and rest In fint defarce ef law and decency?
Dy what suthority do the eonfectionersand station: fs,
who retall cigarettes, ell also to minors the exnlo ives
complained of? I will be glad to coiperat> with other
residents of the vicinity of

Wes? END AV. AND SEVENTY-EIGHTH Sr.

 

 

Testing Rifles for Accuracy.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir, In the Sun-
day SUN of May 13 some correspondent makes a
Statement “that rifle barrels are ‘tested’ by screwing
th m tb a vice at the factory.” 1 quot: from Ste
Arm and Tool Company's Canty . =o

“Do not in art, case attempt to get accuracy by
screwing the rifle ina vice. Nor lable re-ulis can be
obtained in this way and even an accurate rifle will
shoot poorly "

All other ma'rers of rifles that I have: ver read «f
colne'de with this view: It serms a singular fact that
itis soand I am not abi io «tate the reason. Lest,
however, some one may be misled and ‘condemn” a
Good barre! unjustly by such a test, lam led to asi
that thts mav find place in your enlumns or be sent to
your ewrespondent, who, it seems t> me. (+ In error on

\ this potnt. ‘ RIFLE x‘
LOWRLL, Mass. May 23.

 

THE Frororp scMooL BILL.
_-

It Is Traced to Clerk Denniston, but He
Denies All Knowledge of It.

ALBANY, June 1.—The inquiry before County
Judge Clifford D. Gregory which was insti-
tuted by William J. Youngs, Gov. t's
secretary, with @ view of learning who was
Tesponsible for the Rochester forged school
bill, will be concluded to-morrow. The princl-
Pal witnesses already have been sworn, and
only Edward H. Ramsey, one of the Assembly
index clerks, remains to be called.

Yesterday Supt. Winchester of the State
printing establishment testified that Mr. Den-
niston told him that he had ordered 4 change
in the bill at the instanoe of omy oro
ang 0 . ng, one
St tas eeemeantes 78 carries copy 1) ee
printing office to the Capitol, tetited at
ae e Legislature ad “adjourned e was

oO

chamber ’ with, Eproot of pe termed bill to have
fon. He said het h inded the proof sheet to
Mr. Denniston, the index clerk, in the Assembly
lobby and that one of two strangers who were
with Mr, Denniston took the proof sheets,
Sh ae a here Me Denison

ave Lins ge eed sheets to take back to the
ng

ail of the witnesses had been examined

had
a Denniston testified that he and

Mr. Aldridge had never discussed the Rochester
school bit that be never told Mr. w ipenenee
he had had the bill changed at the Instance
of Mr. Aldridge, end { Messenger Paring
had not delivered forged Rochester bi

or any other bill to him since the Legislature
adjourned. In fact, Mr. Denniston testified
that knew nothing about the forged bill
until the newapapers had begun to discuas it.

Mr. N. H. Kelaey, the foreman of the com-
posing room in the State Printer’s establish-
ment, was the first witness cote As he
remembered it the forged bill was printed after
thel. islature adjourned The copy trom w, ich
the if was pre cannot found. “The

noorporated in the bill for re-
printing,” said Mr. Kelsey, did not make sense,
and I gent it back to Mr. Denniston for cor-
rection. Senate Printed Bill No. 1,274, with the
interpolated words, was the copy from which
the spurious bill was pringes his copy was
returned to the Assembly.

Harvey M. Earing. the messenger for the
State Printer, testifted that he delivered the
proof of the forged bill to Mr, Denniston in the
Assembly lobby after theLegislature adjourned,
“T gave Mr. Denniston the proof,” he said
“and told him it wasincorrect. ‘I'womenI did
not know were with Mr. Denniston, and when
T handed him the proof one of the two strangers
took the bill and wrote something in it to make
it read correctly. I did not notice that Mr,
Denniston wrote anything on the proof sheet.

Q. pouid you identify these two strangers?

‘ n't know,

Milton Noyes, the Rochester Superintendent
of Schools, was the next witness = Tt has been
contended that the effect. of the forged portion
of the bill would retain him in office, despite
the desire of the city Board of Education to
get rid of him. He testified that he first knew
of the provision in the bill which had no right
there about Mar 4 or 5. He did not know
until May 6 that [n response to a request from
the Board of Education the Rochester Corpor-
ation Counsel had written an opinion holding
that his terin of office would ex re next month,
Neither did he know before oy 5 that the
Board of Education was considering the ques-
tion of his tenure of office. He had @ copy
of the forged bill. He did not know why it
was that the only two copies of the bill which
could be found were the one in the Executive
Chamber and the one he had

The last witness of the day was Mr. Dennis-
ton. When he took the stand Judge Gregory
reminded him that he was not compelled to
anawer questions which might tend to incrim-
inate him, and that the charge to be made
agunst any one found to be connected wth
the forgery was a serious one. “I think it my
duty to so inform you,” said Judge Gregory,
“and I desire to state that you may be repre-
sented by counsel.”

Mr. George Harris, an attorney of Rochester,
said: “Mr. Denniston goes on the stand by ad-
vice of counsel. Iam acting in that capacity.
I see no reason why jour Honor should depart
from your custom at this inquiry and make the
statement you have to my client. He should
be treated the same as the other witnesses,
and not instructed as to his rights. Mr. Den-
niston claims no privileges and goes upon the
stand to answer every question to the best of
his knowledge.”

Judge Gregory said that he had no intention
of treating one witness different from another,
and that as Mr. Denniston was represented
bv counsel the object he sought was accom-
plished.

Deputy Attorney-General Mason conducted
Mr. PDenniston’s examination with the aid of
District Attorney Zeb A. Dyer.

“lL did not send tothe State Printer,” said
Mr. Denniston, “the bill known as the forged
Rochester School bill after the adjournment
of the Legislature. Two or three weeks after
the Legislature adjourned and after the papers
were talking about the bill, I hada conver-
sation in a Hudson avenue barber shop with Mr.
Winchester. I did not go there to see him
about the bill. In the course of our conversa-
tion Mr. Winchester said the papers were
talking about the bill and he wanted to know
if | knew anything about it. I said,“No, and
you don't want to either.” I did not send
to the State Printer any copy which called for
a change and reprinting of the bill after the sea-
sion adjourned. In fact, 1 have no recollec-
tion of having any connection with the bill
as regarded its printing at any time.”

Q. bo you remember Messenger Earing
giving you a proof of the forged bill in the
Assembly lobby, after the Legislature had
adjourned,'n the presence of two men? A. No,
sir; not after the Legislature adjourned.

Do you remenber such ap occurrence
before the Lewisiature adjourned? A. No,
sir; but I would not remember it, as my work
brings hundreds of billa to me in such oone
nection while the Legislature is in session,
which I, of course, dispose of in a routine mane

ner,

Q. Was it usual for you when a bill was sent
back to you from the printer for correction
to hand it to some one who might be with you
to ohange it? A. When a bill was sent back
from the printer for correction I gave it to
the member interested to fix up as it should be
and then sent it back for reprinting.

Q. Will you swear positively that Eari id
not hand you the proof copy of the forged bill
in the Assembly lobby? A. I will swear posi-
tively that he did not do so after the adjourn-
ment of the Legislature. He may have done
so during the session, but if he did it would be
nothing unusual. I know nothing about that
bill any more than any other.

Q. Did you tell Mr. Winchester that you
changed the bill for Mr. Aldridge and others?
A. I did not.

uestions by Mr. Harris brought out this
testimony from Mr. Denniston:

“Amended bills prepared by members were
80 poorly written that the printer would often
send them back to me so that they might be
made more legible. I would give the bill to
the member interested to {lx up and then send
it back to the printer. I knew of no fraud to
be attempted in connection with the Rochester
School bill and never changed any bill myself.
I never had any conversation with Mr. Aldridge
regarding the spurious bill and Mr. Aldridg
never asked me to change the bill, nor have?
ever told any one Mr. Aldridge had asked me to
change the bill.”

This concluded Mr. Denniston’s testimony and
a recess was taken until to-morrow.

SURPLUS OF TREASURY RECEIPTS,

 

For the Eleven Months Ended May 31 It
Amounted to $63,334,617.

WASHINGTON, June 1 —The receipts of the
Government for the month of May were $45,-
166 053, an increase of $380,040 over the same
month last year, customs showing a decrease
of $971,333 and internal revenue an increase of
$140,507, the rema nder of the s!igh* increase for
the month over last vear being made up in
miscellaneous receipts, which show an increase
of $1,210,776.

For the eleven mo ithe ending Muy 31.the re-
ceipts increased $48,463,286 over tho-e for the
game period of the previous fiscal year, cus-
toms furnishing $26,427,804 of the increase and
internal revenues $20,019,020,

The expenditures tor May aguregated $40,-
351,525, a decrease of $161,479 compared with
the same month last year. The surplus re-
ceipts over disbursements for the morth
amounted to $4,814,628 and for the eleven
months of the fiscal year to $63,334,617,

 

TO EXPLORE THE GRAND CANON,
A Sctentific Party to Hunt for Fossils Along
the Colorado,

Denver, June 1.—A_ sctentifie expedition
will start from Flagstaff, Ariz., to-morrow
to explore the Grand Cafion of the Colorado.
The party comprises Prof. W. M. Davis of
Haryard, Prof. R. E. Dodge of Columbi
H, ©. Gregory of Yale, and Dr, Anderson of
Cambridge University, England,

“There is no doubt,” said Dr. Gregory to-day
“that there are tremnondously interesting fos:
sils to be discovered, and that the explorations
that are now beginning, for this is the first
expedition of its kind that has studied the
difficulties of the treacherous cafion from a
common sense standpoint, will give many
pew pages to science and contemporary litera.
ure,

 

Married School Teachers to Survive ia Lyna,
From the Rochester Herald,

LYNN, Mass., Mav 28.—The initial effort to get
rid of ail the school teachers who havwe
husbands or families and those who e t
soon have then has fuiled, an. Lynn wih tn the
future, as sh: has In the past, hire teachers
mirried of unmarried, and no discrimination
will be made whatever when it is learned that

ng woman is aMfianced or intentions
ot soon taking a plunge into matrimony.

 
 

BAST

Tt Has Cost Nearly 62.
People at the Opentag.

The new Hamilton Fish Park, covering an
area of three and two-thirds acres and bounded
by East Houston, Pitt, Stanton and Sheriff
streets, was opened to the public last night
under the direction of Secretary Willis Holly
of the Park Board, acting in the absence of
President Clausen, who is ill and was ordered
by his physician to keep away from the cele-
bration. The new park is surrounded by an
eight-foot wooden fence, and there are two en-
trances oneleading from East Houston street
and the other from Stanton street.

The park gates were opened at 8 o'clock.
There was such a rush of men, women and
children to get inside that the policemen on
guard at the entrances were almost carried

gf their feet. In avery short time there were
ully 10,000 Rrople in the park. A temporary
platform had been erected on which there was
a band and a number of city officials, including
Sheriff Grell, Alderman Neufeldt, City Cham-
berlain Keenan, Congressman Thomas J. Brad-
ley, Senator Foley, Justice Giegerich of the
Supreme Court and Judge Newburger ©! me
eral Sessions and Assemblymen Samuel Prince.
Secretary Holly in a short speech declar @

  

Parkopen. Hesaidin part:
This park is yours to enjoy, froesure and
Fpject, ut you must protect and not abuse it.
ou’

oing into details let me simply say
that this f ob. e
name of Hamilton Fish is one that is gaynonym
f true Americanism and go tizenship
twasborneby one who wasinhis time foremost
in the counsels of the Empire State and who
also bore an important part ip the affairs of
the nation. It received an added glory in the
record of gallant heroiam of the young sergeant
who died the death of the soldier in Cuba.
Assomblyman Prince apse . The
feature of the park is a handsome stone gyms
asium, in which free bathe will be maintained
‘or men, women and cbildren.

ttle park cost almost $2,000,

 

 

WANTS SHARE OF DANFORTH'S FEES

Webster Says He Supplied Him With Tips as
to inheritance Tax Cases,

George N. Webster moved before Justice
McAdam in the Supreme Court yesterday to
place on the preferred calendar an action which
he has brought against Elliot Danforth to re-
cover $832, Webster sues under an alleged
agreement he made with Danforth im~ April,

 

1997. Danforth, he says, agreed to give him
one-third of the counsel fees he should receive
for asaisting in the collection of inheritance
taxes, Webster agreeing to furnish informa-
tion which would load to the appointment
of Danforth as special counsel for this work.
The State Comptroller has the appointment
of counsel to assist in collecting these taxes for
the State.

Webster avers that he informed Mr Danforth
that the estate of William H. King was subject
to the tax and that Danforth the was
appointed to collect the money for the State. It
is alleged that Mr. Dantortheteceived 037
for the work. Webster states t. Danforth
should have paid him $1,013 for the information,
but that he received only §180.

Mr. Danforth denies that he made the agree-
ment with Webster. He denies that he was

appointed as the result of any_ information
received from Webster or that Webster
anythi to do with his

appointment. ie
says he knows Webster and bad loaned him the
$190 in small amounts, and t the money was
Rot i He sets up a counterclaim for

e ;

After hearing counsel Justice McAdam said
he was convinced that the case could not be
tried in the two hours to causes on
preferred calendar, and he denied the mo-

ion.

Mr. Danforth was tormnorty Treasurer of this
State and {s chairman of the Executive Commit-
tee of the Democratic State Committee. Web-
ster is a lawyer, and has offices at 132 Nassau
street, this ality.

 

TUTUILA GLAD TO BE ANNEXED.

 

Samoan Chiefs Welcome Commander Tilley
and the Stars and Stripes.

Arta, Samoa, May 18, via San Francisco,
June 1.—-Everything has been very quiet since
the German flag was hoisted here, but the ex-
pected business boom and advent of capitalists
eager to develop lands have not taken place.

In Tutuila the American representative, Com-
mander Tilley of the United States steamship
Abarenda, has hid a more agreeable and pleas-
ant experience than Dr. Solf, the Governor of
German Samoa. The natives hailed with en-
thustasm the hoisting of the Stars and Stripes,
ana of their own volition presented to the Com-
mander a formal deed'of cession, at the same
time assuring him of their joy at coming under
the shadow of the Stars and Strines

At Manua and the islands lying east of Tu-
tuila the chiefs have requested Commander
Tilley to visit them in person and there hoist
the flag. This he consented todoand the dat»
fixed for the function was May 17

The customs regulations have been promul-

ated by the Commander. The only port of entry
fn Tutuila is Pago-pago. The duties are the same
as those formerly collected under the Berlin
treaty, with one exception, that the export
duty on copra has been abolished.

The Police on Parade,

Hall blue-ciad Guardian of the Peace,
Fit Ngure for Praxiteles,
Or any ancient sculpt-r who
Had nerve enough tackle you,
You're a bird,
A hot bird
With a cold night stick,
And vice and crime and everything
At your approach take sudden wing.
Ob Cop, if one of you Is great,
What are you tn the aggregate?
Five thousand strong,
A dazzling throng,
As you march along;
You're simply grand,
The very finest in this land,
Or any other,
B'gosh!
No knights of old
Or warrtors bold
Were half as warm
As you are in your uniform.
We pointat you with pride, we do,
From Ballywheck to Ballyhoo,
And as we gaze on you we know
We're safe from every kind of foe;
The man who sells us demon rum,
When Sunday with its rest has come,
Th* cuss who wins our confidence,
The lulling fiend who dopes our sense,
The burglar who breaks tn to steal,
The butch’ who sells us early veal,
The cow that gives down Croton mil",
The shark whose business (sto bilk,
The gentleman who runs a game,
The glad-hand chap who knows our name,
The modest cabman charging what
Is pretty sure to swipe the pot.
And forty dozen others who
Turn pale and tall at sight of you.
Oh Cop,
You've got the drop
On erime;
And vice will climb
A tree
Rather than go up against thee,
Behold, Oh G. O, P.
(Not the Republican ¢ 0. p.)
The thousands and 108 of 10005
Who come forth in gala attire
To feast their hungry eyes
Upon your manly beauty on exhibition:
List to the melodious measures of music
Tooting thelr martial strains
In your honor;
See the flags flying,
The pennants and the banners;
Hear the loud hosanners
Of congregated, cheering citizens,
And sweil up with pride,
But don't bust wide open
In your triumphant elation,
We evn stand the town being wide open,
And rather like it
But a wide open policeman
Is too different.
Throw out your chests,
Hold up your chins,
Pull down your vests,
Stick out your shins
In one two order; left, left, left:
What would we be werr we bereft
Of you, Ob sleepless watcher that
Most always knows where you are at,
And also knows
A lot of other things than those,
And never 8.98 4 word.
What a fearful and wonderful thing
A policeman is.
However, Cop,
We must stop.
But as for you:
Go ahn,
Go ahn, now;
See?

Wiittam J. LAMPTO™.

J Brad
Ge
ed
i T
od ct '
id whi
too
reafter
$3,
ts

NEW PARK OPENED. | AWERICAN EXHIBITORS COMPLAIN,
000,000—Ten Thousand | Compelied to Pay for Floer Space in the

 

 

 

United States Ballding in Paris.

WasHInoton, June 1.—Dennis T. Flynn,
delegate in Congreas from Oklahoma, filed |
with the State Department to-day a complaint
that officials of the United States Government
exhibit at the Paris Exposition compelled Amer-
ican exhibitors to pay from $160 upward for
the privilege of securing floor space in the Untted
States Building. Mr. Flynn's complaint wil)
be brought to the attention of Ferdinand w,
Peck, Commissioner General of the United
States Government at the Exposition, and It ts
probable that Mr. Flynn will be asked to make
a@ more explicit statement, with the names of
the officials who are alleged to have sold the
concessions.

Under the terms of the law providing for the
appointment of a Commissioner General, Mr.
Peck has absolute authority in regard to the
allotment of floor space and the granting of
concessions generally in the United States Gov-
ernment Building. This authority extends to
the disbursement of the appropriation of $1,500,-
000 for the pul es of the American Govern-
ment oxhible though he is guilged to submit
vouchers of expenditure to the State Depart-
ment. A statement from Mr. Peck, ¢ an
acoount of his disbursements up to Maroh 81
has been received by the Department and for-
warded to President McKinley. The vouchers
submitted account for an expenditure of $606,000
up to that tme, but it is shown also that the ao
tual expenditures were about $900,000, as there
is a balance of only about $700,000 ropacning
Mr. Peck’s credit. Vouchers for these =
tional expenditures are expected in due course.

With Mr. P in supremecontrol of the
ican exhibit and its administration, the Gov-
ernment has no authority to co him te
rem: any irregularities that pay ve OO

rred. oF course, if he should decline to rem-
edy pe dafocte ce enero es ble subordinates

e could remov .. Peok
; int a Commissioner General who would insti.
ute reforms.

JAPANESE CONTRACT LABORERS

Nine Handred Landed in Victerta, B. O., te
Avoid Possible Deportation.

WASHINGTON, June 1.—Supervising Special
Immigrant Inspector Robert Watchorn has
wired Commissioner-General Powderly of the
Immigration Bureau, from Tacoma, that “pro-
posed legislation establishing definite inspeo-
tion status is essential to a successful enfores-
ment of the immigration laws.’ Mr.Watohorn,
who as one of the most trusted and efficient
men in the immigrant service, was sent to the
Pacific Coast on May to makes spectal Investi-
gation of Japanese immigration, goes on to say
in his latest report by wire that two steamers
had landed within two days, putting ashore 000
Japanese laborers at Victoria to avoid posaible
deportations if they had bean landed on United
States territory.

Mr. Watchorn’s telegram confirms the rt
that fifty of the Japanese who came over on t
steamer Glenogle and landed jn Tacoma were
ordered deported, He say: t he will at the
earliest possible date have t cane of Bishop,
the contract Jabor Importer, whois In jail in
Tacoma, brought up In the United States Court
atBeattle. Bishop's confession, says, reveals
the eumjou preee | 7 oieen he ey anese

8 5
Fe aera eccnrossed Ghather Ie Will be Dosgiole
‘or the Government to locate the mee W om

ishop personally brought here un the dl-
rection of his employer,

Mr. Watchorn gives the numbers of Japanese
landed by the steamship Sikh from Kobe and
Fokoname, Sey 12, as 200, of which ten were
emales, The total amount of money in pos-
seasion of the immigrants was $8,400, an aver-
ane of 06) & piece, Of this number five were
omar. ‘Watchorn says that the United States
Attorney at Seattle will shortly take steps
toward putting a well-known importer of Jap-
anese iinmigrants on the defensive, and ip a
few weeks secure a conviction which will dea)
a severe blow to the system of importing
Japanese contract laborers.

 

 

DENIAL OF SUFFRAGE IN THE SOUTH.

An Inquiry Which May Affect the South's
Representation in Congress,

WASHINGTON, June 1.—The Senate Committee
on Privileges aud Elections to-day made a
favorable report (n a re-olution offered by Mr,
Hoar, as a substitute for that of Mr. Pritchard,
directing an inquiry into the restriction of suf-
frage in any of the States. It directs the oom-
mittee to inquire and report whether
a) e@ actinent by Constitution or other-
wise by any Siate which confers the
right to vote upon any of its citizens
because of their descent from certain persons
or Classes of persons, and excludes other citi-
zens because they are not descended from suo)
persons or classes of persons, the persons 80 ex-
cluded having all otuer qualifications prescribed
by law, is in violation of the Constitution of the
United States and of the fundamental principles
of our republican form of governi.ent; and also
whether citizens so excluded ca) lawfully be
reckoned in determining the number of Rep-
resentatives from. any State in the House of
Rerresentatives of the United States

The object ot the inquiry is to obtain informa-
tion for use in connection with the apportion-
ment to be made under the new census of Rep-
resentatives in Congress and in the electoral
college, The fourteenth articie of the Constitu-
tion provides that if os State denies or
abridges the rights of any of its cltizens to vote
its representation shall be correspondingly
reduced

BIDS

 

FOR 1,900

The Price V st'y Lower Than When the Mane-
facturcrs Acted In Collusion.

WASHINGTON, June 1.--Bids were opened at
the Naval Ordnance Bureau to-day for furnish-
ing six hundred 12-inch armor-piercing and six
hundred 12-inch common shells. Ther? was'a pre-
vious opening of bids for furnishing (hese shells,
and it was found thatall the bids submitted by
four projectile manufacturing concerns were
identical, being $310 each for the armor pierc-
ing and $195 each for the common. This tndi-
cated collusion, and the Navy Department re-
jected all the bids There was a diversity of

rice in the proposals submitted by the same

rms to-day. On the armor-piercing shell, the
Midvale Company bid $255 each, B. Atha &
Co, $15) each; the Carpenier Steel Company,
$144 75 each, and the Firth Sterling Company,
$164 each, On the common shells the bids
were: Midvale, $85 each; Athu & Co, $110
each; Carpenter, $132 each, and Firth Sterling,
$164 each.

SUELLS,

 

Little Foxes Rescued by Their Parents,
From the Cincinnati Enqutrer.

Some weeks ago aden of foxes was discovered
on the bank of the Miami River near Redbank,
by three boys, John Bain. Lewis Shumate and
aboy named Lioyd Young Loyd took two of
them to his father’s place, near Redbank. They
were fastened toa kennel with stout cords at-
tachetto collars. It is stated that persons ia
the vicinity frequently heard the old foxes bark

at night, and on Ratardey night last Farmer
Lloyd, hearing a commoilon in the barnyard,
went out and saw the narent foxes seurry
away. Hethen wentto the kennel and found
that the cords which had confined the young
inimais had been chewed in twain andthe
litt'e ones were missing. It is the supposition
thatthe parent animais released their young
and carried themoway in their mouths, as a cat
does her kittens,

 

Dr. Gerher's Qveer Will Invalid.

From the Philadel pata Press.

LANCASTER, May 3°.—Dr. Andrew Gerber, @
wealthy physictan of Mount Joy, made a pecultar
wi'l, In which hedevised to bis son, Christian, only
one-half the ine me during Ife of one of bis farms
Almost the entire residue of his estate, amounting to
about $209,000, was bequeathed to Bis great-grand-
children, of whom nene was in existence at th: time
ef the deeedent’s death. Dr, Gerber held strange re-
Iitious views and believed thatfnt the time his young-
estgreat grandchild would arrive at the age of 22
y’ars, he (the d* ceased) would return to earth, and he
desired bisestate kept Intact until that time. The
will was contested and the Supreme Court gave
Christian Gerber abso ute'y all that part of the estate
bequeathed to the future generation.

 

 

Chased Into a Well by a Snake.

From the Raltimore American.

BRIDGEVILLE, Del., May 30.—Mias Estella Blake
of near town while gathering flowers near a woods on
the farm of her uncle yesterday was pursued by @
hoop snake ond took refuge by Jumping into an old
well, She was compelled to stand waist deep in water
for two Lours before help erme.

Superior Information.
From Prookiyn Life.
The Small One—Even de rich folks can't have shad
fn winter
The Big One—Oh, yes they can, too—they caw aed
house shad!

Adcition to Kitchen Vocabulary.
From tie Jamieson (Mo0.) Journal
The wiid gooseberrics are pieatabia