riot Reviews of Important and Interesting

. New Publications,

he
on “of ooping food a long time in the mouth,

We do not know that we have ever before seen

a book on this subject. If we have we are

prett

The instinct of a hungry man is to hasten his

food in its course. Asort of enthusiastic phi-
lanthropy’ seizes upon him when it comes = to
qhat seems to bin to bethe exigency of being
buoery. His stomach, so far as he is accus-
tomed to see, is beggar in urgent need, and
be bestows alms upon it with the least possible
delay “Speed the benefit” is his benevolent
ee is the occasion of the little book of
which we speak. In “Glutton or Epicure”
(Herbert 8. Stone & Co), the author, Mr,
Horace Fletcher, points out the great evils of
this haste to serve this importunate stomach,
Taste, he says, is what makes eating delightful,
and at the same time it is the measure of the
eeds, Through ages of wrong hab-
{ts of eating the stomach has come to profess
needs which are not real It fancies that it
wants things which have not been held a suffl-
ciently loug time in the mouth, Fortunately,
according to Mr. Fletcher, this misapprehension
cay be corrected by anybody ina week. The
Jeneth of time proper to hold things in the
mouth before they are swallowed is measured
by the duration of the taste that is in them,
Moreover, with the cessation of taste all that {s
fit to swallow has been swallowed already, All
proper swallowing is involuntary, and if any-
thing remains in the mouth when taste ceases
{t is to be rejected, the ‘amie as cherry pits or
the bones that the sensitive surfaces of the
mont surprise in eating shad,

Careful experiments conducted with much
gratification by Mr, Fletcher have acquainted
bim with a number of valuable facts. He has
found that one-fifth of an ouno? of the middle
partofa young onion needs to be bitten 722
times before it will disappear down the throat
by involuntary swallowing. This may seem to
theeager and the precipitate to representa
good deal of time, but Mr. Fletcher says that
onions eaten in this way leave no odor on the
breath: also that thisis the only proper way to
gat onions

Still more curious and valuable, perhaps, is
the discovery that Mr. Fletcher has made in re-
gard to whiskey. Liquids as well as sotids come
under the rule that what Is intended for the
stomach must be held in the mouth and bitten
yotil it swallows itself, water being the only ex-
ception. Whiskey thus controlied and delayed,
Mr lete’ er declares, not only yields the final
possibilities of ite taste, but it can never intoxi-
Of course, this being the case, there aro

gtomach’s n

cate
those who will never consent to try the experi-
ment. Notforsuch, however, {s {it necessary

that philosophers should labor and discoveries
be made, Whether whiskey under Mr.
Fletcher's plan should be bitten as many times
as the middie of a young onion we do not know,

Mr Fletcher at the age of 49 was 5 feet 7
inches in height and weighed 217 pounds. It
oceurred to him that he would like to modify
his circumference, In the middie of June he
began to hold his food in his mouth until it got
swallowed involuntarily. On the 10th of the
following October he weighed 163 pounds, and
could put on his own shoes, By that time he
had discovered that the amount of food invited
by appetite and best serving the purposes of
nutrition was thirty mouthfuls a day.
Whether he weighed as little as Dr. Tanner did
after forty days of mouthfuls of cold water
merely, isa matter of slight consequence. The
case of Mr. George Francis Train, a most inter-

esting philosopher, who confined himself fora
time to one meal a day, and then discovered
that if he ate plenty of peanuts it was not
necessary to have any meal at all, is hardly
parallel. Mr. Train {s healthy, but that ts
probably because he Is tough, The question is
whether he {s getting all the enjoyment that is
possible from his food. Does he bite his pea-
nits 722 times, or whatever number of times ls
called for inthe case of peanuts? If he does
not, it appears to be the fact that he is wasting
his opportunities.

Mr. Fletcher takes notice of Gladstone's
alleged rule of biting athing thirty-two times
before swallowing it. It does not much impress
him; it is good as far as it goes, but obviously it
does not extend to the case of the middle ofa
young onion.

According to Mr. Fletcher, the time needed to
satisfy the natural appetite of a hearty and
active man is from thirty to forty-five minutes
aday, ‘This requires attention and {ndustrious
mastication,” Mr. Fletcher says. Once Mr.
Fletcher was travelling, and arrived at Mobile
with what hecalls a laboring man’s appetite.
There was twenty minutes for refreshment.
As he sought the lunch counter he recalled what
somebody had said regarding the difficulty
that he would find thrown in the way of
his epicurean habit of eating when it came
to travelling on the railroad. Thero Is
an excellent lunch counter at Mobile,
he save, and he faced a tempting array
of things to eat and drink. “Appetite,”
he records, “chosa at once a fat ham
sandwich, « glass of creamy milk and a sexag-
onal segment of a mince pie.” This was an
interesting segment of ple, calculated, we
should think, to fascinate any beholder. “The
twenty minutes was ample time for disposing
of the sandwich and the milk" Mr, Fletcher
goes on, “and meantimethe mince pie had been
Wrapped in silk paper and placed ina paper
bag to furnish Epieurean enjoyment for twenty
Miles on the road enhanced by the beauty of a
Panoramic landseape.” To fly through a pano-
Tamic andseape and partake of a “sextagonal”
piece of pie in the slow and sanatory manner

scribed by the essayist was certainly a com-

  

bination of rare delight. “If,” says Mr.
Fletcher, “I had crammed the ple and
the sandwich and the milk into my
Stomach in seven or eight minutes, which
by actual of servation, is the gluttonous rate of

despatching a station meal, I would have lost
tWo-thirds of nutriment, more than one-half of
faste, and taken on twenty-four hours of dis-
comfort, possibly inviting a cold, and would have
Created an ‘open door’ for any migrating mi-
Crobes that were floating about inmy atmos-
Dhere loo ting for strained tissue or fermenting
foodin which to build their disease nests." A
Picture of sane and deliberate pleasure witha

Grave warning in it. The mierobes accom-
panving Mr. Floteher and watching for an op-
Poriunity to mingle themselves perniciously
With his peeuliar piees of ple found it profitable
afteratine togo about other business. No
@airie disturbances modified the beauty of the
fying scene, and Mr. Fletcher did not catch
Cold fre his ple

“Try Nature's way for a week,” says Mr,
F nd you will never have a desire to
be, again One week of trial will fix
aba , ting jovoluntary swallowing as
an ihe guide inenting so that attention
Wil nor "sto be strained to heed it. One
Me k fant attention to obeying Nature's
Gen eating Wil so impress [ts usefulness
OTe student of Lpieureanism that an acel-
ap et of forced swallowing will be a shock

‘sen ibility, One week of obedienve to

‘ple requirenents will demonstrate

* IM poses no penalties for following her
ome '

  

 

 

  

's Dutonly for disobeying her pro-

Ys One week of study of Natuse's

ble otlite nutrition will convert a
VW Honto dn inteiligent Epicurean "
ily i ih odes thirty mouthfuls a day
i “ t fore the sun and works on
cele ny at contented stomach until
“when a : i the middle of the day,
P apts ie anin als rest and some of
Bttra ay ns end, he eate, Whatever first
lee. OR the Dil of fare be centres hie
be hes ; a I a bn isually meat or fish, and
Detter ana Touly a cup of coffee, bread and
th ang | ale Thirty mouthfuls of these
CORI ius ty 7 inner. "To disnoss of them ace
Eve min “ ‘Pleurean plan requires thirty.
Mout W : ns e and 2,500 movements of the
th wy) Tie meal is Mnished he never
he oH : = & aati until noon the next day.
Whe sligh tone on ee window withous
Blayed. ‘aes re for the wonders there dis-

: “ys in his mouth there abidesa
‘aste which he woulu refuse to supple

ra lies before us a litle book on the sub-

y sure that it was not @ book like this, |

' ment grossly if @ million confectioners were to
fall on their knees before him with full trays.

, Tables showing the similarity betwoen the

; human body and an electric engine are included

in the book. One sees at a giance froin these

human body food; that in one case there is
combustion in the furnace, in the other diges-
tion in the stomach; on one side steam, on the
other blood; engine, heart; electricity, mind;
sleam gauge, pulse- andso on, There are six

pages of the tables, and the analogy is remark- } boy was the late Snorro Thorfinnson, born

Mr. Fletcher intimates that there is no reason about ts, ia Viens, Dome Siemans may
'

able.

why one who holds his food a sufMficlently long
time in the mouth should not live to be 150 yeurs
old, Weseem to see a happy people striving
with full cheeks.and flat stomachs for an ex-
treme age. To behave ourselves as intelligently
as one of Mr, Edison's engines, and to live to be
150—mein Liebchen, was willat du noch mehr?

 

Alas, poorfShakespeare! Well might a later
poet, viewing the ever-increasing mound of
manuseript with which the bard of Avon's
grave is weighted down, make his shade ex-
claim in anguish that t'were
Better to bottom tarts and cheese-cakes nice
Than thus be patched and cobbled in one’s grave
And now here comes another gentleman to
takeahackathim, An irate gentlemen this,
too, who, setting forth upon his title page tho
} ancient saw, “Letevery tub stand upon its own
bottom,” proceeds with great vigor and almost
unnecessary heat to metaphorically knock the
shade of Shakespeare off its base always sup-
posing a shade tohaveabase, “Shakaper Not
Shakespeare” is the title of a volume published
by tae Robert Clarke Company of Cincinnati,
Ohio, and written by Mr. William H.
Sdwards, who is also the author of an
illuminative work upon the butterflies of
North Avertca, Mr. Edwards is angry with
Shakespeare. Really and truly angry—and he
has no patience with thoae persons who still be-
lieveinhim, Itisfulltime, he thinks, “that
reasonable men should reéxamine the evi-
dences on which they have believed that an il-
literate butcber, from an ignorant and bookless
{niand village, who flow to Loadon in disgrace
before the constable, and became a servitor,
and later a player at a public theatre, the then
most degraded place of amusement, and who
spent the greater part of every year in strolling
through England with his (roop of coinedians,
sat himself down, and without preparation or
knowledge dashed off Hamlet. and not only
Hamlet, but nearly two score of the world's
greatest plays,”’ The English-speaking world
hes been humbugged tn this matter
long enough, according to Mr. Edwards, and he
believes that the plays were really written bya
syndicate, Skakespeare to him is a mere
“money-grubber, beer-guzzler, variety-show
clown and manager, who spent twenty-five
years of his life in catering to the rabble of
London.” What matters itthat old Ben Jon-
son wrote of him, after death, thathe did iove
the man and did honor his memory, on this side
idolatry, as much as any? Or that in those
verges in the first folio “Tothe memory of my
beloved, Mr. William Shakespeare, and what he
has lef. us,’ he said
* * © Soul of the Age

The applause, delight and wonder of our stage:

My Shakeapeare rise. I will not lodge thee by

Chaucer or Spenser, or bid Beaumont lie

A little further to make thee a room.

Thou arta monument without a tomb

Thou art alive while stil) thy books do live

And we have wits to read and praise to give,

| Jonson~Rare Ben Jonson- wasa fraud, says
| Mr. Edwards. He “was always irmpecunious

and always ready to undertake any literary

job. The syndicate of printers who published
| the folio (with no authority from te represen-
| tativas of the late William Shaksper, ex-pro-
prietor of the Globe Theatre) wanted an eulo-
gistic prefatory address in verse, and got it.”
This seems to bea little rough on Jonson -who
has, so far, borne a reputation for, at least, in-
different honesty-—-but It may be that the world
has been all wrong and that Mr. Edwards
knows whereof he writes. Jonson seems to
have bolieved that the man he knew and asso-
ciated with was the author of the plays that

}

bore hi name--but Mra. Potts and Mr. Don-
nelly sad others are positive that this is notso
and between such opposing weights of

authority who shall hold the scale? Mr. Ed-
wards adds his weighty contribution of 500 pages
to the side of Mrs. Potts and Mr. Donnelly, and,
as we have hinted, he works himeelf into an
almost unnecessary state of heat. William
shaksper he sums up as “a drunkard, a
poacher, a liar, litigious, an oppressor of the
poor, an unfaithful husband, an adulterer, and
a negligent father."’ This seems fairly compre-
hensive, and Mr. Edwards may have evidence
in support of all he says, though he has not pro-
duced it. In any case life is short, and the tax
collector is always with us, and midsummer
and a 90 per cent. humidity are looming in the
near future, and perhaps, after all, we might as
well keep our tempers

An abhorrence of exact dates prevails among
the editors of the two American year books; it
may prevail with the editors of foreign year
books as well. The better of our two American
year books, the International (Dodd, Mead &
Co.), avoids dates just as carefully as its older
and poorer rival. ‘The following day,” “about
the same time,"’ ‘soon afterward,” are abso-
lutely valueless dates; yet they occur continu-
ally in the International Year Book in the run-
ning histories of events during the pas* year

Apart from its avolcance of dates, which is
not peculiar to it, the International Year Book
is valuable. Its articles are arranged in a
single alphabet with cross-references and no
index is supplied; many specialists contnpute,
and, on the whole, it may be considered reliable.
We note, however, a photograph of Gen.
Leonard Wood, described as recent, the title of
which gives to the subject the rank of
Brigadler-General, while the picture shows him
in the full uniform of a Major-General.

“A Handbook to Christian and Eeclesiastical
Rome,"’ by M. A. R. Tuker and Hope Malleson,
is published by the Macmiilan Company of this
city, The compilers are intimately acquainted
with the externala of Roman ecclesiasticiam,
and appear to possess the same knowledge of
things under the surface; the book is an excel-
lent guide to the clerical side of Rome in the
Eternal City, angl to a leas extent in other
places.

The book is the second volume ofa series, and
is, in two parte, numbered IL]. andIV. Part III.
deals with monasticism in Rome and part IV.
with ecclesiastical Rome. In the former isa
chapter on the origin of monasticism, and then
follow histories of the various orders ef monks
and friars. These contain much “not gener-
ally known.” The garb of each order
is described, ard many colored plates
show the various costumes, thus enabling a
person to distinguish the members of different
orders from one another. Thesymbols asgribed
toeach saint of these orders are also given
The second y;urt of the book deals with the
modern papal c-remonies and garbs. The
ceremonies ait ndant onthe Pope himself are
described, those which occur at hig election and
enthronization, at lis death and burtal. An
account of the papal palaces follows, aud then
d scriptionsof the | rocesses by whieh Cardinals
are created and of the other orders of the
hierarchy, together with details of the dross of
each. There is alist of the seminaries in Rome,
anda description of the costume worn by the
sem(narists; from this it appears that a student
the “American College” wears a double-
of black, with blue pip-
ings and buttons, and a crimson sash with
pendant strings. There are many interes'ing
details in the book, which in its line ought to be
exhaustive. For instanes, the Noble Guard
numbers about sixty-five men. The members
serve gratuitously; their commander is a
Lieutenant-Genera!. The guard has not worn
its fwidre s uniform sinee 1870, The Swiss
Guard was orgé:.ized in 1476, it numbers now
about one hundred and twenty men and tts
Captain ranks as a Colonel, Besides
bodies ther are the Palatine Guard, @ militia
regiment; the Papal Carabineers and the l’apal
Firemen; these latter wear black with orange
facings and brass helmets, These notes will
give an idea of the minute character of the in-
formation in this bvok, which can be coin-

at
breasted enssock

these

rr
SS SS SSSR

tables that the electrio engine needs fuel, the '

ET

SS —————eeEeEeEeE—E—EE

| mended to those interested in the subject of

which it treats.

We have received with much interest and
hope the first number of North American Notes
ond Queries, a monthly journal of intercom.
munieation, published by M. Raoul Renault in
Quebec, under the editortal care of Mr. E. T. D,
Chambers, ‘The first number promises well,
It contains an interesting article on the first
Canadian boy baby, by Mr. George Johnson,
chief statistician of the Dominion. The first

—_—_—

question his Canadian birth, inasmuch as
they believe that Vinland was in what
is now the United States Mr. Chambers
examines the right of the so-called Plains of
Abraham to their name, and decides that the
battle between Woife and Montcalm was much
nearer to the city of Quebec than is supposed,
There are articles by Thornas O'Hagan, on the
Acadians in Louisiana. and notes on subjects of
interest to both Canadians and Americans
Statesians, perhaps we should say. The first
number contains a portrait, a map, the fac-
aimile of a deed, and acut of the seal of the
Company of New Francs. It certainly starts
well, and we hope it may continue as it has
begun.

We have also received:

“A Triple Flirtation,”
(Abbey Press )

“That Kentucky Campaign, or the Law, the
Fallot and the People,” R. BE. Nughes. F. W,
Schafer and E. L. William. [lustrated. (Robert
Clarke Co,)

“ Room Forty-Five,”” W. D. Howells. (Hough-
ton, Mifflin & Co.)

“Rride Roses,” W. D. Howells. (Houghton,
Mifflin & Co.)

“Dwight L. Moody,”
(McClure, Phillips & Coo

“Makin’ Rhymes and Other Rhymes,”
Edwin P. Haworth, (Edwin P. Haworth.)

“The Optimist and Other Verses," Hilda
Johnson Wise. (No imprint.) .

“The Finch First Reader,” Adelaide V. Finch,
(Ginn & Co)

“The American Salad Book,”’ Maximillan De
Loup. (McClure, Phillips & Co.)

—

L. M. Elshemus,

Henry Drummond,

 

WOMAN DEAD IN HER ROOM.

 

Apoplery Killed Mre Wells, the Police Say
—Was an Agent for Out-of-Town Bayers.
Mrs. Emily Wells, 35 years old, wae found
dead in her rooms on the top floor of the apart-
ment house at 2314 Broadway last night. She
had lived in the house since last August and
was known as a purchasing agent for out-of-
(own customers of the large department stores,
Mrs. Wells had friends in the family of Dr.
Fritz E. C, Wahlquist of 212 West Fighty-fourth
street, and the discovery of her death was due
to them, They had net seen her lately,
and last night they told the janitor
that they teared for her safety. Hea
opened tue door with his pass key and
found herdeadonacouch Blood was clotted
about her nose, ears and mouth, but appar-
entiy her death was due to a natural cause, the
police thought anoplexy
After going through the woman's effects, the
folice saidthat her maiden name had been
ink and that she came from Parkersburg, W
Va. some of her letters, they said, showed
that she received an allowance of $150 a month
froma former husband. She wore a miniature
of a man who, the other tenants said, called to
see her oecasionally suspended from her neck,
and there wasalarge picture of him in the
room

ICE MEN IN PEORIA GAS?

 

Report That Morse, Carroll and Van Wyck
Have Secured Control of Several Plants.

Peonta, Ill, June 1.—The Peoria Gas Light
and Coke Company of this city has passed
into the contro! of a New York syndicate, of
which C. W, Morse, President of the American
Ice Company; John F. Carroll, represent-
ing Croker interests, and Mayor Van Wyck are
the principal stockholders, The syndicate has
also secured contro! of gas plants at Galesburg,
Champaign, Decatur,Quincy, La Salle, Peru and
Kewanee. As vet there has been no actual con-
solidation, but the same financial syndicate owns
all plants, and it is said on good authority that
they will be incorporated under one name
with a large capital stock.

Wilson, of Wilson & Stevens, bank-
ers, 41 Wai street, it is understood In Wall
Street, sold the Western gas securities to
the New York men. When seen yesterday
Mr. Wilson said that the transaction had
been much exiggerated, Hehad sold no stock,
but had sold some bonds to ljocal interests
He declined to say to whom the bonds had
been sold. The companies whose securities
had been sold, he said, were comparatively
small concerns

 

Henry

PROP. MITCHELL SUSTAINED,

 

 

His Reappointment to Boston University
Theological School Ratified,

Bostox, June 1.—-Prof. H. G. Mitchell of the
Boston University School of Theology, who
was recently accused of heresy, has won a
decided victory over his accusers in that hia
election to another term of five years as profes-
sor of Hebrew and Old Testament Exegesis by
the trustees of Boston University has been
ratified by the Board of Bishops of the Metho-
dist Episcopal Church. Some time ago, the stu-
dents in the school who were opposed to Prof.
Mitchell were compelled to withdraw, and then
backed up by their friends. they appealed to
the Board of Bishops, and sent copies of their
appeal all over the country to members of the

ethedistChureh, At the same time the faculty
put thelr side of the case before the Bishops,
with a defence by Prot. Mitchell himself

The Bishops then refused to take any action
on either of them, for they were not authorized
to do so by the General Conferenee. The ac-
cusers of Prof. Mitchell then tried by many
resolutions to get the question before the Gen-
eral Conference, but were unable to doso and
the Bishops were authorized to act,

W, WH. GIBSON'S WORKS EXHIBITED.
Paintings, Crayons and Water Colors of the
Dead Artist on View,

The National Arts Club, which has already
held nine exhibitions since the housewarming
at the end of last Jctober in the gallery of the
clubhouse in West Thirty-fourth street, opened
anothe: exhibition vesterday which will be con-
tinued until June 14 It is aloun and memorial
exhibition of the works of the late William
Hamilton Gibson, including paintings, crayons
and water colors. There {« also a bronze bas-
relief of Mr. Gibson, done by Hi. K. Bush-Rrown,
which is to be set in the boulder that is Gibson's
tombstone at Washington, Conn. Mr. Gibson's
published books also form a part of the exhibi-
tion

PRESIDENT MAY COME HERE.

 

He Expects to Be Able to Attend the Brook-
lyn Saengerfest on July 2.

The Washington correspondent of the Brook-
lyn Timea says that in response to an invita-
tion of a visiting committee of the United
Singers of Brooklyn Pres'dent McKinley prom-
ised vesterday to be present on one dav of the
coming ‘Saengerfest in Brookivn if he ean
possibly eriange his other engagements so as
torermihimtodoso. The despatch savs the
President expects now to come to New York on
Saturday. dune 30. Hewill remain in Manhat-
tan over Sunday and atvend the first concert on
Monday, July 2, proceed.ng thence to Canton.

HOURLY TRAINS TO BUFFALO,

 

New Schedale Made Necessary on the Central
by the Increase tn Local Tramfic,

President Callaway of the New York Central
solid yesterday that orrangementa had been
made toriun a train an hour between New York
and Buffalo during the day and evening. This
extraordinary schedule embraces the West
Shor’ tine, and it had become necessary, Mr
Callawa ¢, because of the great increase in

r A train has been put on which
willenahle residents of Utiea and Syracuse to
leave here ata P.M. daily and reach their homes
before midnigh

    

 

 

Growth of the India Famine Relict Fund.

The treasurer of the Committee of One
Hundred on India Famine Relief reported
receipts of $1,502 87 yesterday and total receipts
to date of $45,57861. The chairman reported
that the Denver and Kio Grande, the Northern
Pacific, and the Long Islond expresses bad
joined with the other companies to receive and
torward contributions free of charge.

 

New Phaeton for President McKinicy.
FE The Studebaker Bros.’ Manufacturing Com-
pany has bait for President McKinley for use at
his home in Canton, Ohio, thissunmmer a rubber-
tired, extension top park phaeton. The body of
the phaeton is of dark qrean, ateined with fine
earmine lines. It is upholstered with k green

eloth and the seuts
ons. aero spring ;

oks and

    

Gieeeeweneneeee a

SPORT WILL LIVB.

The Injured Elephant Has Turned Over and Is
Playful With His Trank.

Sport, tho injured elephant in the freight
car at Newark, showed such signs of improve-
ment yesterday that not only did his owner,
Frank Bostock, abandon the idea of killing the
big brute, but h® came to the conclusion to let
the animal accompany the show to Baltimore
to-morrow in hope that he would be so far
recovered by Monday or Tuesday as to be able
totake his place among the trained animals in
the street fair. Sport has recovered his pope.
tite and has turned over frequently, put has
not been allowed to get upon his feet, although
he tried several times yesterday. He was quite
sportive with his trunk and kept constantly
feeling for some chance of doing mischief
with it, put he was kindly in his disposition
toward the men who were watching him and
attending to his needs.

Two of the lion cuns born in Bostock's show
of Wednesday are dead, One was killed by
Queen, the mother, and the other accidentally
@ot under its father's feet and its life was in-
stantly crushed out,

Three starveling snakes died in the show on
Thursday and the owner of the side show had
them buried in the old burying erouad, where
the tent show has been olding forth
for a week, The snake undertaker made the
mistake of burying them almost under the
windows of the building occupied by the Health
Department and the act was observed by one
of the clerks in the offlee. Health Offloer Chan-
dier compelled the man to disinter the reptiles
and carry them away.

 

KANSAS CITY'S CO4L TRUST.

A Member Describes the Method of Avoiding
Violations of the Law.

Kansas City, Mo., June 1.—In the Federal
Court here many interesting facts are being
brought out as to the Kansas City Coal Dealers’
Club, an organization which Samuel Hartman
alleges is an illegal combination in the nature of
a@trust. Hartman once belonged to the club
and seeks $7,500 damages for discrimination
against him and asks also that the club be dis-
solved

VU, V. Weidener, as a witness for Hartman,
said he wasa member of the Board of Control
of the Coal Club and he described how the club
fixed Its prices. [is story was that near the
close of a meeting of the club two or three mem-
bers rise and propose A new set of prices. These
prices are discussed and votes are taken
Finally the prices are fixed. Then, as a for-
mality, a member gets up and moves that
as the action taken is contrary to
the law it should be stricken from the minutes
of thacinb The motion is carried. The record
is stricken off the books. Nevertheless, the
next day a circular is issued contain ng the
prices fixed by the club, and all musi abide by

em.

A Mr. Cohen, a coal dealer, testified that 90
per cent. of the coal dealers of the city are
members of the combination, and that they do
about 90 per cent. of the coal business in Kansas
City. The case is still on.

 

ATTACKS INHERITANCE TAX LAW.
The Comptroller Says Tax's Collection Is Now
Looked Upon as “ Political Graft.”

Comptroller Coler spoke his mind on the
Inheritance Tax law yesterday. The Comp-
troller bas shown by tables recently made up in
the Finance Department and printed in THE
Scn that agreat deal of money that ought to
go to the State has gone out in fees to lawyers
and appraisers who have received appoint-
ments as special counsel. The Comptroller

“The Inheritance Tax law can be made more
simple and should be. I will advocate the
taking away from this office of the fees which
now legally come in it and the substitution of
asimpler plan of collection, Weare credited
with getting all the fees, but this is not true,
The law has been made into a political graft
and we have shown where most of the fees go.
Legislation giving this offlce powerto assess
the tax and letting the managers of estates go
to the courts with any grievances that they may
have ought to be carried through at once. The
whol: present system is rotten. What we want
isasystem that will reduce the cost of colleo-
tion and add to the amount collected. The old
law was bud enough; the present law is abso-
lutely rotten."

Saloon Keepers File Petitions in Bankruptcy.

George Hillen, formerly proprietor of the
Spingler House at 35 East Fourteenth street,
has filed a petition in bankruptey, with liabili-
ties of $76,987 and assets of $4,451. Among the
largest creditors are the Fourteenth Street
Bank, $6.300, and the Bank of the Metropolis,
$6,600; promisory notes formeney joaned. Bern-
heimer & Schmid, $7,000; Budde & Westerman,
rent for store, $11,893; and Frank Raub, balance
due on money loaned, 820,067, Mr. Hillen had
been in the liquor business for nearly thirty
years and at one time was believed to be worth
$300,000,

Arthur Hill,saloon keeper, of 82Barclay street,
and formerly of 141 Fulton street, has fileda
petition in bankruptcy, with liabilities of $20,155
and assets of $16,255. Thelargest creditors are
the Eastern Brewing Company, $3,500, and the
Industria! Savings and Loan Company, $6,000,

 

Fiske— Rils,

Miss Clara C. E. Riis, a daughter of Mr. Jacob
Rils, and Dr, William Clarence Fiske were mar-
ried last night at the Protestant Episcopal
Church of the Resurrection, Richmend Hill, L
I. The bride wore a dress of pearl gray broad-
cloth. After the church ceremony there were a

reception and a wedding breakfast at tee home
of the bride’s parents on Hillside avenue, Rich-
mond Hill, Jacob Riis, the bride's father is the
author of “How the Other Half Lives."

Among the guests present were Gov. Roose-
velt, Archdeacon Henry B. Bryan of the Garden
City Cathedral, Commander Bradley Allen
Fiske, the Rev Joshua Kimber and the Rev
and Mrs. Robert Kimber, Miss Katie Riis, a sis-
ter of the bride, was one of the bridesmaids,

McLaaghlin—Bellont,

Miss George Havemeyer Belloni was married
yesterday to Dr. George E, McLaughlin of Jer-
sey City at the residence of the bride's mother,
Mrs. Louis J. Belloni. Miss Sadie Belloni, the
bride's sister, was maid of honor,and the brides-
maids were the Misses Elma Baker, Alida _Con-
over and Taunt ©’Shea of New York ond Edith
Gambrill of Baltimore and Florence Beach of
Denver, The best. man was Edward T
McLaueblin, brother of the bridegroom, and
the ushers were Shaler Carrington, Frederick
Gubelman, Leon W. Manton and Charles Det-
willer The bride is a niece of Henry 0. Have-
meyer
————

oiInDP.

BREWSTER.-- Suddenly, on Wednesday, May 30,
1900, William Cullen brewster.

Funeral services at his late residence, 24 Bast 64th
st., on Saturday, June 2, 1900, at 10 A. M.

JAMES.—On Thursday, May 31, 1900, Warren T.,
son of A. C. James and the late M S. James,
M. D., in the 44th year of his age.

Funeral services Saturday afternoon, June 2, 1000,
at 3:30, at bis late residence, 116 Liberty av., New
Rochelle.

LEWISOHN.—Suddenly, on Thursday, May 31,
1900, Rosalie, beloved wife of Leonard Lewisoln,
in the 52d year of her age.

Relatives and fricnds are invited to attend the
funeral services at her late residence, 14 Last
57th st., on Monday morning, June 4, at 0:15
o'clock, Kindly omit flowers.

NICHOLSON,-On Friday June 1, 1900, Mirlam
widow of John Nicholson, aged 61 years.
Services will be held at ber late residence, 45 West
75th st., on Sunday, June 3, 1900, at 3 o'clock.

PHILLIPS, -On June 1, 1990, at 486 Park ay.,
Samuel M., beloved son of Adeline and the late
Isaac Phillips, aged 29 years,

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services, at the residence of his mother, at
9:30 A. M.

SMITH.—On Thursday, May 31, 1900, at his rest
dence, 158 West 48th st, Elward Smith, in the
65th year of his age

Funesal services at his late residence on Sunday,
June 5, 1990, at 2:30 P.M. Interment at convent-
ence of family. Kirdly omit flowers.

 

 

[ur KENAICU CEMETERY. —Private station, Har-
lem Railroad; 43 minutes’ ride frou the Grand
Central Depot. Uffice, 16 Kast 42d at,

Special Rotices.
~ HEADACHES CURED TO STAY CURED.

Advice free; facts mailed. Dr. Wark, 60 W. luata st.
LLL;

Religious Notices,

BR" )OMINGDALE REFORMED CHURCH, Broad-
way and 641) st. Kev John Lewis Clark, 11 A,
M. ands P M. Sunday School Anniversary oA. M,
qencu OF THE MESSIAH, 4th st, cor, Park
, av.~Serviees at ll A.M. babu Protap Chunder
Mogoomdur of the Brahma Soma) India, will preach
Sunday sebool atl ) o'clock, _Al cordially invited,
XGLISE DU SAINT ESPRIT 45-47 27e rue eat
Services divins ledimasche @lvub Madu matin

 

  

Rev. A.V. Wittneyer, Kecteur,
yRac cvROA. broadway, corner 10th et.
SE TEESE conan
fay Soca ne Octo

 

 

NORTH AMERICAN
REVIEW

June, Now Ready.

The Issue in the Presidential Campaign . . . . W.J. BRYAN
Australian Federation and Its Basis . . . EDMUND BARTON
Will Education Solve the Race Problem? . Prof. J. R. STRATON

Tip Siating ot ths Ctyenples ! Baron PIERRE DE COUBERTIN
mes,

How England Should Treat } Sir SIDNEY SHIPPARD,K. C.M.G.,

the Vanquished Boers, Formerly Administrator of British Bechuanaiand.

Modern Persian Literature . . . . . . E. DENISON ROSS,

Professor of Persian in University College, London

What Has Become of Hell?. . . The Rev. G. W. SHINN, D. D.
Charter Needs of Great Cities . . . . . . BIRD S. COLER,

Comptroller of the City of New York,
Cecil Rhodes’s Future . . Princess CATHERINE RADZIWILL

THE RIVAL EMPIRES.
British and Russian Diplomacy . .. . . A DIPLOMAT
Antagonism of England and Russia, DEMETRIUS C. BOULGER
Great Britain in Asia, The Rt. Hon. Sir RICHARD TEMPLE, Bt.

For Sale Everywhere.

 

THE NOVEL OF PRESENT DAY POLITICAL LIFE

WHICH WiLL BE
THE HISTORICAL NOVEL OF THE FUTURE

Seventh Thousand in the Press

SENATOR NORTH

By Mrs. GERTRUDE ATHERTON,

Author of ‘Patience Sparhawk,”’ (now in Sixtecnth Thousand.)

   

 

*." “Mrs, Atherton’s latest novel is, probably, the highest flight
of its gifted author, and the book is remarkable in so many ways that
she will find the highest accomplishment demanded of her in future.
“In this novel Mrs. Atherton deals with Federal politics as seen
and studied at first hand. It is the first attempt which an American
author has made to write a national novel as distinct from the sec-
tional which, so far, has absorbed the best talent of the country.
“Be it noted that ‘Senator North’ may truly be called an his-
torical novel of the present day. It ts current history, but history,
however, written at first hand, after personal study and accurate
observation of the leading characters of political life of to-day,”

Crown 8vo. $1.50.
At all Booksellers, or postpaid on receipt of price.

   

 

JOHN LANE, 251 Fifth Ave., New York.

Conan Doyle’s Latest Stories.

The Green Flag

’

“There is not a dull page in the bolume.”

“REW novelists of our time could have told thestory (of ‘The Green Flag’) in such
stirring ‘ancuage, and the battle picture is perfect of ita kind. Equally good are the
three pirate stories of ‘Captain Sharkey.’ ‘The Croxiey Master’ is a stirring tale of
the prize ring; the ‘Lord of ChAteau Noir’ reads \ike a story of Maupassant, and the
‘Striped Chest’ is as blood-curdiing as the wildestof Poe's romances, Altogether the
volume is admirable" LONDON Dally TELEGRAPH

Though the book has been out only a week, it has already run into the

THIRD EDITION

WITH SPECIAL COVER DESION, 12M0, 5'4x7%, 81,80,

JUST PUBLISHED.
By HENRY

By BOOTH Mrod
Monsieur Beaucaire BY BOAT. | Dwight L. y -” DRUMMOND,
th an introduction by Dr. George Adam

Ruthoror' The Gentleman from Indiana.”

Illustrated in two colors by C.D Wiliams, | Smith, With anew portrait, 12mo, 5%x7%,
12mo, ornamented, 54)x7*s, 81.25. | @1.00.
The American Salad Book By MAXIMILJAN De LOUP. With nearly 300 recipes

for salads and their accompaniments. With decora-
e
McClure, Phillips & Company,

141-155 FAST 25TH STREET, NEW YORK

 
      
   
   
       
 
      
       
      
      
     
     

 
 

A Novel. By ISABEL SMITH. No, 286,
Appletons’ Town and Country Library.
Cloth, $1.00; paper, 50 cents.

This clearly drawn picture of life among the inde

ndents of the Englisa country town known as
Market Pateley shows a power of characterization
and a vivid realization of atmospher which invest
the author's work with especial distinetion. To
Ebenezer Villa, the home of the Indenendent mints.
ter, there comes fora time a daughter of another
world, and the sharp contrasts invited by her pres
ence are placed before us with a skill and quiet
sense of humor which command attention. Fach
figure ts 80 thoroug bly individualized that we seem
to share the actual life of the characters as the
story moves quietly on. Some readers may finda
flavor of Mrs. Gaskell tn this novel, but, without
insisting unon comparisons, It ts safe Ho oh Ns!
the thoroughness of the character drawing, the de
velopment of dramatic power In the love story, the
sustained interest, will be conceded to stamp the
author as A foree to be reckoned with In conten
porary Netion.

“A DEVOUT BLUEBEARD”

This ts a powerfol work by "Marie Gra-
ham" anda truthful satire on the snobbery
ofthe day. A fascinating sketch of the carly
history of Chieago, The chief character so
well portrayed that few will fall 19 recogotze
him, It abounds in natarainess and wittl-
clams. Price one dollar, May be ordered
throagh any bookseller, or from the pub-
lishers, the AGBEY PRESS, 114 Fifth Ave-
nue, New York,

er ane!
Doctors Gathering in Adiantic City,

ATLANTIC City, N. J., June 1.-Over a thou-

eand delegates to the convention of the Ameri-

can Medical Association arrived here to-day.
Llotel and other business men of this city have
subseribed $10,000 for the entertainment of the
doctors while here. be

padded,
soporific.

THE
BATH
COMEDY

a novel,

brilliant,

witty,

careless,

gay,

frivolous.

Cloth, $1.50.
Frederick A,
Stokes Company.

JUST PUBLISHED....

AN UNSOCIAL
SOCIALIST

BY G. BERNARD SHAW
Author of
*“*Cashel Byron's Profession’’

One of this pungent writer's most spirited
characteristic studies of English country life one
prevailing quality is the unexpected. ‘
12mo, Cloth

1.98

VOR SALE EVERYWHERE
BRENTANO’S

_ 31 UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK,

ogks— a1 out-of-print books supplied,
ter on What suojeect, Write me, stating books
wented., I can get you any book ever published,
When in Baglen oat bpd lnevast hiv stock of 50,-
vu0 rare books, BAKER'S GREAT BOOKS p
Birmingham, England. ~—

      
 

    
       
         
         

      
 

The convention wiil

called to order next Tuesday and it is asserted

that between ten thousand and fifteen thousand

members will attend in the course of the con-

vention ; a ees

Prof. Morley Appointed to the Chair of Math-
ematics at Johns Hopkins.

307 MORB, Md., dune 1.—Prof, Frank Mor-
ley of Haverford College has been appointed

fessor of mathematics at the Johns Hopkins
(aiverait y and will be the head of that depart.
ment in the university. The recent death of |
Dr. Craig, protessor of pure mat: ermatics, who
had been a prominent member of the university |
eraff from the foundation of the Johns Hopkins,
created the vacancy.

Child—LaFarge Wedding on June 14,
Newport, R. 1, June 1 The wedding of Miss
Francis Lakaree youngest daughter of Mr.

and Mrs, John LaFaree, to Mr. Edward Child
of Philadelphia wili take pace at the Newport
villa of the Lafarge’s on ‘Thursday, June it

 

British Admiral Invited to Bar Harbor,

Hauirax, June 1—While at Rermuda, Ade | ISTORY of th teeeidten: i hel i hone Eee
miral Bedford was invited to visit Bar Harbor “pose of Gambling. PRATI 1A an hee

 

er, and he will, it is understood, do so, | :
jn addition to the flagship Crescent he will | LUTTE WILLIE by Eugene Field;
take two other

   
    
  

   
      
     
   
         
     
   
 
    
 
     
   

 

  

penn

A Quartet of New Booka,

A Notable Biography, Some Fiction
and a Unique Nature Book,

_ Asa general rule in re-pub-
lishing a classic, the less editin
done, the better for the classic:
| unless material of real value
has been discovered which
throws new light on the subject.
This is decidedly the case
with Mrs. Gaskell’s

Life of Charlotte Bronte ~

with notes by Clement K
Shorter, the publication of
which, yesterday, has completed
the handsome Haworth edition
of the life and works of the
Bronte sisters. .

Mr. Shorter is the great aue.
i thority on the Brontes, and not
}only are his notes of explana=
| tory value, but he has gathered
: together a number of important
and hitherto unpublished letters
from Charlotte Bronte to her.
ifriends and publishers which
| vive the book new interest—
| and in its original form it is oné
of the most interesting literary
biographies ever written.

It is bound uniformly with
the other six volumes of the
| Haworth edition in green and
|gold and it contains a photo~
jxravere portrait of the author
and many illustrations.

* * * *

If you have some one tale in
| mind which you are in the habit
‘of referring to as “the funniest
story | ever read”’ take a word
of advice and read

The Passing of Thomas
and Other Stories

by Thomas A. Janvier, which
| was also published yesterday—
and you will change your opin-
ion. The title story deals with
the trials and tribulations of a
young married woman in ene
deavoring to find a decent rests
ing-place for a much beloved
cat which has passed to the final
home of all good felines.

The humor of the story is dis~
tinctly the humor of situation.

The other tales in the volume

are equally good.
* &

 

 

The only novel on yesterday’s

list is
The West End

by Percy White. It is an unde+
niably clever study of a certain
phase of London society of to-
day—of the rich manufacturer
with social ambitions who,
through discreet use of his
wealth, actually attains a strong

sition in society. The charms
ing love story that runs through
the latter half of the book ree
lieves the cynicism of the narrae
tor (a nephew of the millionaire),
and the whole is excellent read-

ing.

Ee

You will probably be going to
the country in a few weeks and
if you care anything for the
beauties of nature you should
take a copy of

Nature’s Calendar

* @¢

with you.
Ernest Ingersoll, whose articles
on birds and insects you may
have read. It is intended to be
the daily companion of those
who love an out-of-door life,
As the cut here shows, amemoe
randum blank is left for notes

on every page so that you can:

keep a record of your own dise
coveries beside the things which
the author tells you.

  

As a book for a gift it is out
of the ordinary and it lasts for a
whole year—a page for every

no mat d ay.

Life of Charlotte Bronte ‘The West End,
61.75.

#1 50.
The Passing of Thomas Nature’s Calendar,
61.25. ' 61.50.

 

TTL WiLL Bueno Fie: panes tore: | HARPER &BRO THERS, Yew Yor

It is written by