VOL LXXL—NO. 91,

 

TRACED BACK TO LITTAUER

THE STORY THAT ODELL WAS
RECOGNIZED STATE LEADER,

 

when Gov. Odell Backed It Up, Senator
Platt Thought It Was Time to Move

No Friends of His to Be Hurt--Prest-

dent Invites Linn Bruce to Washington,

Senator Platt chatted with his friends

at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yesterday after- |
noon and many questions were asked him !

concerning Republican party convention
dates and all that sort of thing. Senator
Platt made it clear that there was little or
nothing worth printing at the moment.

He said that he expected to see M. Linn |

Bruce, president of the New York Republi-
county committee, to-day and go over
It was very ap-

can
many things with him.

parent that Senator Platt means to sustain |

hic old time reputation, and that if any

Kenublican or Republicans attempt to
“smash” his friends there will be a fine old
time of it in fact, that Platt’s friends are

in not the slightest danger of harm.

The New York Zribune in a Washington |

despatch printed yesterday confirmed

Tne Stn's despatch of the day before in !
by no}

declaring that President Roosevelt
word or sign gave Gov. Odell the warrant
to return to New York and practically as-
sume the leadership of the Republican
party of the State. It can now be said
that the version of what passed when Presi-
dent Roosevelt, Senator Platt and Gov.

Odell met in the White House was handed .
Representative ,

out in Washington by
Lueius N. Littauer, a bitter enemy of Sen-

autor Platt, and a man greatly disappointed |

with the President because the President
would not take a wholly illegal step and
reopen the Littauer “Government gaunts”
The legal advisers of the Govern-
ment had declared that Uncle Sam could
not prosecute Littauer because of the
statute of limitations, and, of course, this
left Littauer in an unenviable

case.

decision
position
that Littauer is to the Governor what
Andrew J. Freedman was to Richard Croker
in New York city for several yeare, and
then it was added that .one hears little or
nothing of either Croker or
nowauays.

Gov. Odell, it appears, took no step to
undo the work of Water, but came on to
New York city from Washington and at
the Republican Club gave out an interview
which lett but one

that the President had recognized_ him

as the actual Republican leader of the State, ;

When Senator Plett read that interview,
it was said, he began to think that some-
thing was in the wind and that he owed
it to himself as well as to his friends to
keep a sharp lookout, and so he issued his
ftuternent declaring that he remained in

command of the Republican forces of the |

State.

Senator Platt, it is asserted on all sides
by his friends, has in every way attempted
to avoid an open clash with Gov. Odell, not
only for old affection’s sake, but for the
good of the party in a Presidential election
which may turn out to be something like
8 crisis in the national affairs of the party.
cenator Platt, outof that dreadtul & war

reed war, u, @ party
a an ‘initina gheea. chee Morton, .
Roosevelt and Odell had been elected Goy-
ernors, and the Republicans had been in
supreme control of the Legislature at Al-
bany for nearly a dozen years, This situ-
ation was brought about by days and
nights of anxious toll, and nator Platt
has refused to believe that Gov. Odell had
been plotting to supplant him as State

leader until, perhaps, the other day, when |

the erroneous version of the White House
conferetice was handed out by Mr. Littauer,
and not denied by Goy. Odell, but, in fact,
rather emphasized by the Governor.

Gov. Odell has told his friends that the
£101,000,000 canal loan voted for by the peo-
ple on Noy. 3 will give eno gh patron-
Age to establish his supremacy in the party
after he retires as Governor, and it is now
asserted by those familiar with the facts
that Mr, Odell, from the hour he was, by
direction of Mr, Platt, made chairman of the
executive committee, began to plot to suo-
ceed the late Charles W. Hackett, chair-
man of the committee, and was only pre-
vented by Platt and Platt’s friends. That
from the hour he was, by Mr. Platt’s direc-
tion, made State chairman and from the hour
he was elected Governor he has plotted to
dethrone his creator, friend and associate,
is asserted with similar emphasis, But the
philosophie utterances of Uncle William

arnes of Albany the other day were re-
called last night:

Leaders are not made by statutes. It
is the fellow who can deliver the goods,
Roosevelt has no mortguge on the Presi-
deney, nor Platt and Odell on the leadership
of the party in the State.

All Republicans who discussed Uncle
William's utterances at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel last night agreed with them, but
then came the unanimous verdict that there
were ways and ways of doing athing without
{ncurring the charge laid against Goy. Odell
that he has committed “the unpardonable
Fin of ingratitude to his creator and by his
course threatens at a time like this the
serenity, solidity and efficiency of the

‘publican party in the State, which had
become such a fighting force that the Demo-
crats of the State were utterly demoralized.”

A Republican who recently visited the
President said he desired in every way the
President's election in 1904.

“You criticise me quite severely at times,”
the President is reported to have said to
hie visitor.

: replied the President's friend. “
do, and why not? I reserve to myself the
right to differ with you on great questions
of party principle, just as you reserve to
yourself the right to differ with me. Neither
you nor J, Mr. President, with the utmost
respect let me say it, is infallible,”

Kepblicans declared last night that
Gov. Odell started out in January, 1901,
to declare himself to be infallible and has
persisted in a policy which could only

ave personal ends and political ambition
for its foundation stones.

“And what is the result?” inquired a
looker-on in little old New York. “The
party is in a devil of a mess,and if present
conditions continue to prevail it will be in
no shape to present a united front to the
enemy next vear.”

President Bruce of the New York county

_

, ”
eS,

committee has been invited to visit Presi- |

dent Koosevelt within a few days. Mr.
Bruce said last night that he had not asked
€ny of the district leaders to vote for him.
“At this time my mind is not fully made
Up a= to whether I wish to accept a reelec-
hon,” said Mr, Bruce, “I would not think
of accepting it unless certain that Presi-
dent Roosevelt, Senator Platt and Gov.
Ode!) desired me to head the ticket again.
The office means eight months of diligent

 

effort. Tt means neglect of my law practice,
Which Tam not sure that {1 want to neglect.”

 

MeGiveney’s Fatal Yawn.

GLENS Fas, N. Y., Noy. 29.—A peculiar
fatwity oceurred at Brandon,
County, Friday. Herbert McGiveney, aged
18, while rising from a lounge raised both
of his arms, wnien movement accompanied
@ yawn, and knocked down a loaded shot-

&un hanging on the wall above him. ‘The

mu) Was discharged by the fall, and the eon-
en's entered his neck, killing him instantly,
‘irs. RW. J. Collier in Hospital.

‘rs. Robert J. Collier, who was Miss
Ra; Van Alen, daughter of J. J. Van Alen
eo « granddaughter of Mrs, Astor, is in
VOCE 6

it Hospital almost recovered from

the effects of an oper
8 yperation med about
& month ago. I perfor d

  

—oeoeee a ———————e

 

Some Republicans said last nig '
1

Freedman |

eduction to be made— !

Franklin |

 

 
 

| #48 1,000 CASES OF TYPHOID.

 

‘Town of Butler, Pa., Urgently Appeals
to Philadelphia for Ald,
| PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 20.—With nearly
peneeants of its 12,000 inhabitants pros-
trated by typhoid fever,with need of pro-
{ visions and accommodation for its sick far
| exceeding its resources, and with its busi-
{ ness and industrial enterprises almost at
| a standstill, the town of Butler, Pa., has
) Rent an appeal to this city and to Harris-
burg for aid.

Two telegrams wero received at the City
Hall for Mayor Weaver early this morning
from members of the temporary relief
committee which the citizens have estab-
lished. One read:

| Butler is in the midst of typhoid fever,
; One thousand persons affected, Help us in
| some way, for God's sake.

| Rey. LL, A. CAnROLL, St. Paul's Church,
|

The second read:

Butler is in the midst of a great typhoid
fever epidemic. Needs help at once. If

the city can help us with money and nurses
| look to it. Conditions urgent. Do what
{ you can.

ROBENT B, Greer, M. D.

| Within little more than an hour after
their receipt arrangements were completed
to send Dr, Johnson, chief resident physi-
cian at the Philadelphia Hospital, to Butler
preparatory to rendering the stricken city
substantial aid of money and nurses,

The Chief of Police of Butler says that
from 1,200 to 1,800 persons are suffering
with the fever. The citizens have not the
means at hand of improvising temporary
hospitals and in many places four and
| five victims of the epidemic are crowded
together. ?

When Dr. Johnson makes his report
| Mayor Weaver will issue a call for volun-
i teer nurses. Dr. Benjamin Lee, secretary
| of the State Board of Health, said to-night
' that he had just returned from Butler and
had found the epidemic to be due to a break-

Che

  

 

 

{
{
'
!

ing down of the filter beds from which the |

town had been getting its water supply.
After this all the drinking water was

townsewage. The whole town was obliged
‘ touse this water while the beds were being
repaired. Fifteen deaths have resulted
so far, he said.

FUNERAL A YEAR AFTER DEATH.

 

Mrs. Stiebel’s Body Comes From Japan
in Boxes Weighing a Ton.

\

'

|

‘

t]

The funeral of Mrs. Jeanne Stiebel, wife
| of Benjamin M. Sticbel, a member of the
i Japanese Fan Company at 519 Broadway,
1} was held yesterday morning from an under-
| taker’s shop at Lenox avenue and 128d
, Street.

i Mrs. Stiebel died nearly a year and a half
{ ago in Kobe, Japan, while travelling with
) her husband, who is now in China in the
| interests of his firm. According to the
| health laws of Japan a body must be buried
; for one year before it can be shipped out of
i the country.

Ween sr Stiebe] died her husband had
her for over a year and then had
the body taken up and placed in six different

| boxes, one outeide of the other, according
to the Japanese custom, each box being
separated from the other by a layer of
sawdust, chareaal and cotton. The inner
| coffin is 2% inches thick, and the entire
| outfit weighed 2,200 pounds.

The body left Yokohama, Nev. 4, on the
steamer Hiojun and arrived at Seattle
Nov. 20. It was put aboard an express
train and arrived here Saturday morning.
1 It required eight men with a derrick to
| take the box from the car at the Mott Haven

depot of the New York Central Railroad.

The body was then taken charge of by

' William J. Wright of 293 Lenox avenue,
her brother-in-law. The funeral was held
yesterday and the burial took place at

Cypress Hills Cemetery.

WOMAN PROTECTS HER

| Shoots Into a Party of Four Men Trying to
i Break In—Kills One.

{ ALTOONA, Pa., Nov, 29.—Mrs. Jane Ginter,
| ot Blaine City, near here, was awakened
this morning about 2b o'clock by some men
|
|
|

 

HOME,

trying to force an entrance into her home.
She called through the window for the men
to leave, and saw in the dim light a party
of four. Instead of going away they re-
newed their efforts to get in, and the
woman, accompanied by Mrs. Kate Smith,
who was visiting her, went to the head of
the stairs, calling out that if the men did not
leave she would shoot through the door,
The warning had no effect, and the men
kept at work. She fired three shate, one of
them hitting Albert Burger in the head.
| The others fled. Mrs. Ginter then wakened
neighbors and Burger was found dying.
| He never regained consciousness and
| died at 7 o'clock this morning. Mrs. Ginter
and Mrs. Smith have been arrested.

 

 

‘MARRY ME OR WALK,” HE SAID,

Now She Wants to Know if Marriage Is

Binding, He Being Wed Under Stage Name.
; A prepossessing woman, about 30 years
| old, dressed in black, walked into the Ten-

derloin station yesterday afternoon and
, told Sergt. Boettler that she wanted to have
} a confidential chat with him. :

“I want your advice,” she said, “on a
very important matter. I am an actress,
but never mind what my name is. About
six months ago I was travelling with the
‘Reaping the Harvest’ company and we
were stranded in a town outside of Denver,

“The manager had all the money there
was and he made this proposition to me:
‘Kither you walk back to New York or you
inmarry me. Which is it?’

“As I didn’t have any money I said I'd
marry him and wé went to Denver and were
married. About three months after that
heleft me. Now what I want to know is
this: The name he went under on the
stage is not his right name and he married
ce Hager bos naine. Now, is this marniage
vinding’!

The Sargon nt said he thought she married
the man and not the name, but he wasn't
a lawyer. The woman said that she had
been married once before, but that she
had got a divorce from her husband be-
cause he was a drunkard. She said her
second husband's name was Reed. She
| said she was stopping with friends in this
city, but she wouldn't tell who they were
or anything about herself.

american Whaling Ships Seized?

Otrrawa, Ont., Nov, 20--A rumor ob-
tained currency here to-day that the Hud-
son Bay expedition recently sent out by
the Dominion Government has seized three
American whaling ships operating in the
Canadian inland sea, Inquiry in official
circles failed to secure confirmation of

the report.
— ee

Burnett's Extract of Vanilla
Is the best, pericctly pure, highly concentrated,

Ade.

|

1

|

i

   
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
   

|
|

 

|

' of 151 Eldridge street.

KILLED IN STREET AS BURGLAR

SISTER WOKE
IN THE HOUSE,

 

AN DRESEN—MAN
SHE SAID,

He Thought He Heard the Street Door
Shut, Went to the Fire Escape and Shot
Gropper, in the Street—Why Gropper
Was There Explained in Two Ways.

Moritz Gropper, a tailor, of 213 Forsyth
street was shot and killed in front of 199
Eldridge street at 2 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing by Harold Andresen, a law student,
who lives on the second floor of the flat
house at that number. According to one
story told to the police, Gropper was merely
passing by the house; according to another,
he had come home with a girl who lives
there,

Andresen had for five minutes before the
shooting been searching the hallway of
the flat for burglars, because his sister
Matilda had roused him with a report
that there were two strange men about.
Failing to find the men in the hall and im-
agining he heard the downstairs street
door close, he ran to the front fire escape,
pistol in hand, and, seeing a man below,
fired at him. ‘The man was Gropper.
The bullet entered his left temple. He
staggered away and fell dead.

Gropper was 42 years old and had a family
consisting of a wife and eight children,
ranging in age from 8 to 21 years. He did
contract work for clothiers in his Forsyth
street flat, his entire family being employed
in the business. Early Saturday night, ac-
cording to the story first told to the police, he
and his oldest son went to a Rivington street
saloon to take part in a raffle for a gold
watch. Shortly after 1 o'clock Gropper
told his eon that he was going home. The
boy said he would wait for a while, and
Gropper siurted off alone.

He walked across Rivington street to |

Eldridge and at the corner met John Schorr
Schorr asked him
What he was doing out so late and Gropper

replied that he had just won a watch at a ;

raffle. He showed Schorr his own watch,

retending that*it was one he had won,

| pumped from a creek which drained the | fi was about 1:30 o'clock when he left Schorr
street toward |

and started up Eldridge
Stanton, meaning to go through the latter
street to Forsyth street, and up to his house,
which is in the middle of the block.

Gropper was in front of 199 Eldridge
street when Philip Fauer of 124 East 116th
slreet paesed, gelng downtown ou the other
side of the street. Fauer told the pelice
yesterday that he glanced across the street,
and saw a man in his trousers and shirt
appear on the first floor fire escape. The
man had a pistol! in his hand and fired at
Gropper. Orop hee ate peered e bout rent
five feet, and then fell dead. The man
on the fire escape, says Fauer, quickly
withdrew, shutting the window after he
entered the house.

Fauer shouted for help and Policen en
Kniernan and Maddock of the Eldridge
street station responded. As soon as they
had summoned a doctor for Gropper, Mad-
dock went to the station house and told
Capt. Flood the story. Flood went around
to the Eldridge street house, got into the
Andresen flat and accused Andresen of

doing the shooting.
oF ain it,” sald” Andresen. “I thought

he was a *

was locked up. Gropper’s
clothes fhad been searched in the meantime,
and a bank book showing deposits ag-
eregating $500, fire and life insurance
pelictes for small sums, two watches, one
with his own and one with his son’s initials
on it, and some theatre tickets were found.
He had also been carrying a bottle of wine.
The body was sent to his home in a patrol
wagon, his family being roused from their
sleep to receive it.

Capt. Flood had Matilda Andresen and
her brother in his room at the station
house and got their story of the events
leading up to the shooting. The girl
said that she was aroused shortly before
door of the flat. She listened, she said, and
heard voices. She asked what was wanted
ancl one of the men seid:

“It's only a girl, don’t mind her.”

She then went and roused her brother,
told him there were burglars in the hall,
and acvised him to get his revolver. The
girl said that twice within a few months
the candy store under their apartment had
been entered by thieves and she thought
a third attempt was being made to rob the

use.
Young Andresen told the captain that he

slipped on his trousers, took his revolver |
and went to the kitchen door of the flat. |

The hall was very dark, but he thought
he heard footsteps on the stairs going to
the street door. He called “Who's there?”
but got no anewer. Then he heard the
street door close, he said, and made up his
mind that the burglars had gone out, 80
he ran to the front room, got out on the
fire escape and shot at a man who was
passing.

Andresen says that he is sure Gropper
came out of the hallway of the house, and
that before he fired he called three times to
Gropper to stop, but that Gropper paid no
attention,

The polloe Re another version last night
of the reason Gropper was in Eldridge st reet.
Tillie Mandelowitz, who lives on the fourth
floor at 199, told them that she went out to
Weissman's restaurant at 46 Rivington
street at midnight to get Weissman, her
uncle, to cash two checks for her. He
didn't have the mongy. Gropper and two
friends, named Fdelowitz and Lupowitz,
were in the restaurant, she said, and over-
heard the conversation.

Gropper, the girl says, offered to get the
checks cashed for her on Sunday if she
would meet him. Then the girl, Gropper,
Edelowitz and Lupowitz went around to
her home.

Edelowitz and Lupowitz say they left
Gropper and the girl at the door of
199 and went home. She says she left all
three at the same tfme and went upstairs,
All deny having heard a revolver shot.
But, according to this story, Gropper was
not merely passing by the houre.

Gropper's family employed Lawyer
Charles Weinblatt to press the case against
Andresen. Weinblatt said yesterday that
Andresen was a hysterical boy and that he
was 60 excited when he fired at Gropper
that he didn't know what he was doing.
The Coroner's notes say that Andresen is
28 years old. Assemblyman Issy Cohen
was employed by Andresen’s father, a
watchmaker, to defend him. When Andre-
sen was arraigned in the Essex Market
court Cohen tried to have him freed on the

round that he was simply defending his
Bore from burelars, but Andresen was

remanded to the Coroner's office and Coroner |

Scholer held him in $5,000 for examination.
John Hansen gave the bail. <

 

STREET.
Standing

THROAT CUT IN THE

Danian Massie Attacked While
on a Corner.

Danian Massie, 28 years o:d, of 3) Carroll
street, Brooklyn, while standing on the
corner of Hamilton avenue and Coles street
yesterday afternoon, was set upon by two
men, knocked down and after the fracas
was over was found to be unconscious and
bleeding from a gash across his throat that
reached from ear to ear. He was taken to
the Long Island College Hospital by Ambu-
lance Surgeon Rossiter, who gave it as his
opinion that the man had been slashed with
a razor

The police arrested two men on suspicion.
They are Joseph Petrie, 162 Luquer street,
and John Sorentini of @80 Hicks street.
When taken before the injured man in the
hospital he admitted that he knew them,
but would not say that they were the men
who had knocked him down

He will probably die.

 

 

BRING MONEY, SAYS DOW,E.

 

lon City’s Overseer Commands His Fol-

lowers to Help Him Financially.

WAUKEGAN, IIl., Nov. 20.—Dowieg entire
sermon at Zion City thisafternoon was de-
voted to discussing financial conditions
there. He said:

“We need a little more money, and I
want every person who has not deposited
in Zion Bank, to march up to me to-morrow
between the hours of 2 and 5:30 o'clock
I'll be in the office at the Administration
building. I have a Jist of all persons in
Zion who have made no deposits since I
sent out the command, and I tell you we
have no use for thém, If they don't show
down to-morrow they will be expelled
from Zion.”

With this admonition Dowie made the
most urgent appeal for funds ever heard
in Shiloh Tabernacle. He admitted that
the cause of his lack of ready money was
the ‘New York trip‘of the Restoration Host.
The cost of the crusade is placed at about
$280,000. Suits aggregating $67,945 are set
for tria] during the present week.

“I will pay interest on the amounts I
owe,” Dowie said, “but I will not borrow
money. I will not violate a scriptural in-
junction. I have Securities upon which
I could realize instantly did I so desire.”

 

GIRL GETS PRESIDENT’S GIFT,
Lactiile Hieck, Whose Letter Pleased

60. velt, KRecelyes a Rese.

To + Kan,, Nov, 29,--Lucille Pollock,
the fifteén-year-old daughter of the new
Federal Judge of the Kansas district, re-
ceived to-day th’ rose which was brought
by messenger from President Roosevelt.
Lucilie wrote her father a letter while
| charges against him were pending in Wash-
| ington, and when the letter was read to
the President he ordered the rose sent to
the ltt!s girl. Her letter advised her
| father to see the President and tell him
| the charges were not true.

“I am directed by President Roosevelt ,”
said Cyrus Leland, a local politician, who
was commissioned to bring the rose here,
“to presortt this rose to Miss Lucille Pollock
with the President's complinients.”

The girl is in bed with a bad cold
and has announced her intention of writing
to the President and thanking him for the
gift as soon as she is able.

 

SEPARATED.

Frank Haggerty and Katte Simonson Went
to Philadelphia and Got Arrested.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 20.—Frank Hag-
gerty, who is 17 yeara old and lives at 179
Ade!phi street, Brooklyn, ard Katie Simon-
son, who is 16 and lives at 167, the same
street, have found that the course of true
love does not runsmocth. Frank and Katie
eloped on Thursday night.
were going to a party, but didn't.

The girl paid hersister-in-law, in Camden,
an unexpected visit on Friday. The brother-
in-law became suspicious and followed her
on Seturday. She met Haggerty, and they
were on their way toa minister's when they
were arrested. Both faced the Magistrate
at. the Central Station this morning.

“We've always loved each other,” said
Haggerty.

“He's my beau,” chimed in Katie.

“My people say it’s all right,” said the
boy, and his mother and father, who were
there, corroborated his statement and
offered to help them out financially.

“But the girl's people don't,” said the
brother-in-law.

Katie, weeping, went to Camden. Hag-
gerty, with a parent on each side, took the
next train for New York.

j
|
YOUNG ELOPERS

 

SUSPECT CHICAGO BANDITS.

Cleveland Police Think They Were tn a
Dozen Hold-Ups in That City.
CLEVELAND, Nov, 29.—The Cleveland
police believe that the four Chicago bandits,
Van Dine, Niedemier, Roszki and Marx,
operated in this city on the nights of Oct.
20 and 21, on the west and south sides. Four

 

the Chicago bandits purchased automatic
revolvers in the Bingham Hardware Com-
pany’s store on the afternoon of Oct. 20,
| telling the clerk thet they were going ona
| hunting trip in the far Western part of the
i

United States.
It is thought that the bandits came direct
to this city after robbing the office of the
| Chicago car barns. If they were the men
| their acts in this city were unprecedented
{for boldness and disregard of capture.
| After two days’ operation here they fled,
evidently believing that the police were
on their trail.
During their short sojourn here, at least
a dozen hold-ups were reported to the
police each night, They began their work
early in the evening, as early as 7 o'clock,
and kept busy until late in the morning.
Two of them entered the home of Dr.

young men answering the description of |

 

 

|

 

They said they | in prayer.

 

‘

 

 

 

 

 

SAW WOMAN BURN T0 DEATH

BARRED WINDOWS PREVENTED
RESCUE BY CHURCH PEOPLE.

 

Service Going, n When They Heard Screams
and Ban to Windows—Women Wer
and Knelt in Prayer—One Weniin
Dropped From Upper Window, 18 Feet,

Augusta Siroux, a German servant girl
employed in the family of J. C. Shutte of
324 East Fifty-first street, was burned to
death within the sight and almost within
the reach ofa church congregation at-
tending yesterday's morning service.
Windows barred with wire netting pre-
vented rescue by any one of the worshippers,
who were thrown into a panic by the horri-
fying si~ht of the woman's agony and her
screams for help, which they were pre-
vented from giving.

The Beekman Hill Methodist Episcopal
Church, at $21 East Fiftieth street, is sharing
its building with a homeless German Luth-
eran Church, and worships Sunday morn-
ings in the basement lecture room in order
to let its tenants have the use of the church
proper.

Tho windows in the back of the lecture
room look out upon the yard of a three
story private house occupied by Mr.
Schutte, who is a retired merchant. To
prevent anybody from getting into the
church through those back windows, which
are only a foot or two above the ground,
they have been covered on the outside by
close and heavy wire netting.

The pastor of the church, the Rey. Ed-
win Whittier Caswell, had just begun to
read the Scripture lesson yesterday morn-
ing when a flash of flame was reflected
on the white stained window panes. Every-
body saw it. One man rose to his feet
and began saying:

“T think there must be fire——”

The rest of his words were drowned by
a shriek so shrill and so full of anguish
that the heart stood still for the moment
in the breast of every one present. Again
and again it rose.

Forgetful of place and occasion the whole
congregation, some fifty persons in all,
rose to their feet and rushed toward the
windows, some along the aisles and others
across the benches. Windows were thrown
up, and the yard outside lay in clear view
of all.

There, on the grass, a young girl was
rolling around in a vain effort to extinguish
flaines that wrapped her from head to
foot and that had already consumed the
greater part of her clothing. Her fingers
dug deep into the sod and every now and
then a soul piercing moan forced iteelf
frotn her throat.

The women in the congregation fel‘
back, weeping and crying. Some knelt
The men bent at the wire net-
ting that put the burning woman as far
out of their reach as if she had been niles
away, aithough she was separated from
them only by a few feet. A few more level-
headed ones ran quickly out of the church
and into adjoining ‘uildings, hoping in
that way to find an \‘tlet into the Schutte
yard, One man made his way to the East

ifty-first street station and notified the
police,

Ail this happened in less than a minute,
but it seemed to the people behind the wire
netting that the woman on the lawn out-
side had been burning and shrieking for
hours, When suddenly the body of another
Woman seemed to fall straight down from
the sky and land within a couple of feet
of the girl.

For a moment she lay stil, as if stunned,
then she rose to her feet. In one hand
she held a big, heavy shawl in which she
completely enveloped the girl, ries ning
it about Ner as tight as she could. len,
a second later, she unrolled the shawl,
the fire had been extinguished.

Augusta Siroux wae a sixteen year old
German rervant girl employed by the
Schuttes. She had been left alone in the
house when the entire family went to at-
tend church aud hed been told to make
ready to cook dinner as soon a6 they re-
turned. She had meade a fire in the kitchen
stove and was bending over it when a spark
set fire to her apron. This blazed up and
ignited the rest of her clothing.

he girl ran into the dining room and
rolled herself on the thick carpet in an
effort to smother the flames. But the only
result of it was that she set fire to the car-
net itself. Then ehe rushed through the
kitchen into the yard.

The woman who attempted to save her
was Mrs. Fanny Smith, a young widow,
who occupies the post of sexton in the
Beekman Hill Church and who lives in the
western end of the church building. She
was in ber rooms on the second floor when
the Siroux girl appeared in the yard and
startled the congreration with her screams.

Seeing that it would be impossible to
get into the yard from her own windows,

| Mrs. Smith grabbed up a shawl and ran as

G. P. Buffett, 314 Jefferson street, on Oct, |

came home late at night. A tussle ensued
and several shots were fired at the doctor,
one of which just grazed his head. The
men escaped before help arrived.

 

NO HURRY ABOUT S. P. TUNNEL,

It Is Not for the Immediate Future, Ace
cording to Bankers Here.
Mr. Jacob H. Schiff of Kuhn, Toeb & Co.,

'

|

|

{

21, and were surprised by the doctor, who
|

|

| when asked yesterday about the statement
1

quickly as she could into the Sunday school
room. which is at the other end of the
building and right above the lecture room,
Its windows were fully fifteen feet above
the ground. Some telephone wires run
from them across the yard outside. Mrs.
Smith grabbed hold of the wires and
jumped out of the window. After hang-
ing by her hands for a moment she let
herself drop straight down. In the fall
she sprained her right arm, but in spite of
this she managed to fulfil her task of suc-
coring the burning girl. Her hands were
burned, too, when she wrapped the shawl

| about the girl, but not seriously.

credited to President E. H. Harriman of the |

' Southern Pacific Railroad that a tunnel
| through the Sierra Nevada is the next big
i job ahead for the Southern Pacfic, said:
“The matter has not yet come before the
; directors of the company, and their de-
| cision will greatly depend upon Mr. Harri-
man's Ffecommendations, though it is
not likely that the construction of the
Sierra Nevada tunnel! will be begun in the
immediate future.”
Another financier interested in Southern
Pacific said that it was true there was talk
of improvements which would involve
| an outlay of a vast sum of money, but as
| yet, he said, nothing definite had been deter-
mined, and he doubted if anything definite
| would be done in the matter for sometime.
It was generally understood in Wall
Street that, with the completion of the
“cut-off” at Salt Lake, which cost many
millions, extensive. improvements on the
ea Pacific roadbed would be dis-
|
!

continued for a time.

The Yarmouths In Pittsburg.
PirtsnpurG, Nov. 29.—The Farl of Yar-
mouth and the Countess are guests at Lynd-
hurst, the Countess’s former home.

They |

will remain nere for a reception which is to |

be given to Josiah Copeley Thaw and bride.

 

high Valley R. R., excellent accommodations,

i Four Trains Daily to Buffalo.
lL
Dining cars @ la carte. 855-1231 Broadway.—Ade.

>the church window,

Roundsman Kane and several policemen

arrived in front of the Schutte house just
about the time Mrs, Smith dropped from
They found the front
door locked and had to break it open in
order to get in, The dining room was on
fire, so that one man was ordered back to
send in an alarm, The others proceeded
to the yard, All that was left for them to
do was to call an ambulance, The Siroux
girl was unconscious and dying.
* She was removed tothe Flower Hospital,
where she died about 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, The fire in the house was ex-
tinguished after having done less than $100
worth of damage.

It took the congregation fully fifteen
minutes to get back to anything like repose
and quiet. The first thing the pastor said
then was:

“Let us pray.”

Andthere was no regular sermon preached
afterward. The pastor found that he had
forgotten the one he had prepared.

 

ADIRONDACK COTTAGE FIRE.

Charics Aldrich of Boston and His Family,
Driven Out by the Smoke, Escape.

Saranac Lakr, N. Y., Nov. 29.—A fire
which caused; damage of $1,000 awakened
the family of Charles Aldrich of Boston,
Mass., shortly before 6 o'clock this morn-
ing. he fire, it is thought, started from
a defective electric light wire in the cellar.
Thick smoke soon awakened one of the
maids, who woke up Mr. Aldrich. The cot-

e from the centre of the village.

The volunteer fire department had great
trouble in reaching the cottage, owing to
the icy condition of the roads. Mr. Al-
drich's family was removed to the cottage
of his father, Thomas Bailey Aldrich, the
author. The thermometer was down to
zero this morning, and the little colony
of wealthy Boston and New York families
who have cottages in the park were thrown
into a temporary panic by the fire.

m

Lane is situated on Highland Park, about a |
1

   

if

a
i a ane en

| xi awk
oat via”
-

cle mnteoy
(

MonpDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1903.
Snow flurries to-day; fair to-morrow.

o

 

  

 

NEBRASKA AUDITOR ARBBITED:|

Charged With Doing Dlega!l Banking Busi- !
ness In Wyoming.

Casper, Wyo., Nov. 20.—Charles Weston,
Nebraska's State Auditor, and N. 8S. Bris-
til and W. A. Denecke, who operated a |
grocery store here under the name of N. 8.
Bristil & Co. and a bank under the name of
W. A. Denecke & Co., are all. under arrest,
charged with receiving money, knowing
they were insolvent.

Brist!! & Co. and Denecke & Co, have

suspended and their property is in the pos-
session of the Sheriff. The liabilities are
$75,000 and the assets small. The money,
it is stated, was all borrowed by the bank
owners.

Every fraternal order in town is affected,
the Masonic societies to the extent of $3,800.

 

 

 

THREE BROTHERS DROWNED.

 

Only Sons of a Widew Lose Their Lives
by Breaking Through Ice.
BLACKSTONE, Mass., Nov. 29.—John, Will-
jam and George Read, the only sons of
Mts. Nellie Read, a widow, broke through
the fce on the Blackstone River to-day
a..1 were drowned. The three boys, who
ranged from 8 to 17 in their ages, tried to
cross the river to get firewood, leaving the
house of their uncle, John Nickerson, where
they lived, about 2 o'clock this afternoon.
They took a’ hand sled with them and at
4 o'clock, when her boys had not reached
home, Mrs. Read asked Joseph Ginty, a

neighbor, to search for them.

Ginty followed the boys’ tracks to the
river and discovered the sled, a cap and
mitten beside a hole in the ice. The river
is 30 feet wide at the place, but very
deep and swift. A party of neighbors
hunted for the bodies, but without success.

 

VICE-PRESIDENT OF MEXICO.

 

Pending in the Congress of That
Country to Create a New Office.

AUBTIN, Tex., Nov. 29.--It is asserted
that a reading of the bill creating the office
of Vice-President of Mexico, which is now
pending in the Congresa of that country,
clearly shows that its purpose is to pave the
way of a present Cabinet Minister to suc-
ceed Diaz as President. The bill contains a
special provision which authorizes the
Vice-President to serve as President and
at the same time hold any other place by
Presidential appointment.

This provision is taken to mean that the
report that Secretary of Treasury José E.
Ives Limators is to be First Vice-President
is well founded. It ie said that President
Diaz will take his departure for Europe as
soon as the bill is passed by Congress and is
ratified by the Legislatures of two-thirds of
the States, which is necessary in order to
make it an amendment to the Constitution.

WHITECAPS’ TERRORISM.

 

Leviessness Starte Afresh in Lineolin
County, Miss.— Negroes Persecutid.

NeW OBLEANS, Nov. 49.-+Whitecapism
in Linocoin county, Miss., which has revived
during the last two weeks, has‘grown much
worse and has resulted in the killing of
Henry Lisle, a negro farmet of excellent
reputation. Several Whitecdps were. ar-
reeted last spring, and this and the energetic
efforts of Gov. Longino, it was thought,
had suppressed the evil, but it has started
up worse than ever.

Certain negroes were ordered to leave
the county, and failing to do 60 were visited
at night by a large body of armed White-
caps on horseback. The house of Eli Hilson
was riddled with bullets, but no one was
killed. That of Henry Lisle at Green Grove
was next visited and Lisle was killed. The
attack on Lisle’s house was the second
made by the Whitecappers, who visited it
two weeks ago, ordered Lisle to leave and
fired into the house. He refused to go,and
the second virit resulted in his death.

Public sentiznent in the county is strongly
againat the Whitecappers. Gov. Lopgino
has promised to take action in the matter.

CLENDENNEN SUSPECT

 

 

SEEN.
Man Wanted for the Telegraph Murder
Bald to Be in Rome, N. Y.

Rome, N. Y., Nov. 29.--Bermt Gardner,
towerman at Station 35 in Yast Rome, re-
ported to the police this evening that he
saw John Engles this afternoon walking
under the tower. Engles is wanted as a
suspect for the murder of Operator William
Clendennen at Brown's tower, near Wil-

liamsport, Pa.

Clendennen took Engles's place at the
station. Gardner was personally ac-
quainted with both. He says he can't be
mistaken. Gardner has notified Supt.
Harrington, who has notified the New
York Central detectives all along the line.

 

LOUBET WOULD HAVE COME.

 

French Senate Meeting Prevents Him
From Visiting New Orleans.

NEw ORLEANS, Nov. 29.—The association
for the celebration of the Louisiana Transfer
centennial, which is to take place at New
Orleans on Deo. 18-20, has received through
Secretary Hay rictice from M. Delcassé,
the French Secretary of State, that France
will send the man-of-war Julien de la
Graviére t» the celebration. M. Delcassé
said further that President Loubet would
have visited New Orleans for the ceremonies
but for the fact that the French Senate
would be in session at the time.

 

ROUGH RIDER ARRESTED.

 

E. W. Bucklin, Jr., Who Toured New York
State With Roosevelt, Held for Stealing.

Corry, Pa., Nov. 29.—E. W. Bucklin,
Jr., who was a member of Roosevelt's
Rough Riders and toured New York State
with the President in his memorable cam-
paign for Governor in 1898, making speeches,
was arrested in Frewsburg yesterday,
charged with larceny. Bucklin, who is a
member of the Chautauqua county bar,
is accused of taking lumber from a yard
in the village. He was held for the Grand
Jury, but was released on his own recog-
nigzance.

 

Killed His Daughter's Betrayer.

SEDALi4, Mo., Nov. 28.—Frank C. Dunton
shot and killed Emil Meyers at the home
@ Meyers’s mother this afternoon. Daisy
Dunton killed herself in August by taking
poison. She left a note in which sha as-
serted that Meyers had betrayed and de-
serted her. Her father had gone to the
Indian Territory and when he returned
last night heard of his daughter's death.)
Then he went to find Meyers.

i cere

 

Brotherhood Champagne —Good every where.— Ade.

erases eee

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

POSTAL CRIME BARED

the

 

Bristow’s Report and
President’s Comfizents.

GROSS CORRUPTION IN OFFICE.

 

Tyner, Machen and Beavers the
Chief Offenders.

 

The Report Shows That Tyner’s Misconduct
Had Gone On for a Number of Years and
That Machen’s and Beavers’s Began
Almost Immediately After They Were
Appointed to OMice—Criminal Waste of
Public Money by Beavers in Distribat-
fog Favors to Senaters and Ricinbers
of Congress—Machen’s Systematic
System of Graft—Heath’s Name Ap-
Pears in Several Scandalous Trans-
actions—Statute of limitations May
Save Him From Prosecution—Driggs’s
$12,000 Bribe—Green and the Time Re-
corder and Cancelling Machine Scandal.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 20. — Postmaster-
General Payne has made public @ 12,000
word abstract of the report’of Fourth
Assistant Postmaster-General Bristow on
the investigation of the Post Office Depart-
ment scandals, which he has been making
since last March. The report itself is
ten times as long, but the abstract pur-
ports to give in as few words as possible
the resulta of the work of the inspectors
and is accompanied by a “Memorandum”
written by President Roosevelt, in which he
comments upon the facts set forth tin the
report and delivers a denunciation of the
corruption that has been exposed by
the Republican administration, with his
personal characterization of evildoing on
the part of Governmert officials,

Perhaps the moat interesting part of the
President's memorandum is his indirect
reference to the indefinite charges made
against Perry S. Heath, the secretary of
the Republican national committee, who
was First Assistant Postmaster-General in
the McKinley administration, and who is
popularly regarded as quite as guilty or
more so than the officers who have been
indicted.

The President expresses no opinion
as to the guilt or innocence of Mr. Heath,
contenting himself with calling atten-
tion to the fact set forth in the Bristow

report that Beavers, the former chief-ef-—————"j

the salaries and allowance division of the
Fourth Assistant Postmaster-General’s
office, who is now under indictment, made
a direct charge that in at least one instance
he was compelled to share bribe money
with Heath, a statement that, it is admitted
in the report, Heath denies, and the evi-

dence in support of which was not regarded
by the District Attorney as sufficient to war- |
rant his indictment.

The President expresses regret that the
statute of limitations applies at the expira-
tion of three years from the time of the
wrongdoing of officials, and urges that the
time limit be extended to at least fiva
years, as recommended by the Attorney-
Genera}. This is generally taken to mean
that Heath would be prosecuted if the law
did not operate to prevent it.

One somewhat surprising feature of the
President's memorandum is his accusations
against Gen. Tyner, who was summarily
removed from the office of Attorney for the
Post Office Department and who the public
has heretofore believed was the victim of
dishonest and designing subordinates.
The President, however, says Tyner was
knowingly and wilfully corrupt. He prom-
ises to use every endeavor to convict the
indicted men, and in closing his memoran-
dum uses this phrase: “The toleration of
the wrong, net the exposure of the wrong,
is the real offence.”

The so called Tulloch charges, relating
chiefly to the lax methods employed in the
Department when Heath was First Assist-
ant Postmaster-General, are not referred to
in the report now made public. They in-
volve charges against the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury and Post Office depart-
ments, accused not of downfight corrup-
tion, but of “complacency” in the methods
of Heath and other officials, and they are
now being investigated by Charles J. Bona-
parte and Holmes Conrad, the special com-
mission appointed for that purpose by the
President. The report of this commisgoin
will be dealt with later.

THE PRESIDENT’S COMMENTS.

The President in his memorandum ac-
companying the Bristow report says:

The investigation made by Mr. Bristow
discloses a condition of gross corruption in
the office of the First Assistant Postmaster-
General and in that of the Assistant Attorner-

General for the Post Office Department
In the case of the superintendent of free

delivery, Machen, the evidence shows that
his misconduct began immediately after
his appointment in September, 1893 In

the case of the general superintendent of
salaries and allowances, Beuvers, it began
soon after he was appointed to that place
in 1897. In the case of Aspistant Attorney:
General Tyner it has gone on for a number
of years, but it is impossible to say exactly
when it began. A melancholy feature o!
the case is that with one exception all the
offenders have been for a nuniber of yeurs
in the Government service

LIST OF PERSONS INDICTED.

‘The President gives the following list of
post office employees who have been moet
seriously implicated:

James N. Tyner, Assistant Attorney ~ieneral
for Post Office Department; was removed
April 22, 1903; has since been indicted three
times.

A. W. Machen, general euperintendent
free delivery system; removed May 27, 1908
has since been indicted fourteen times

George W. Beavers, general superintendent
of salaries and allowances; resignation ac-
ceptad to take effect March 31, 1903; has since
been ‘indicted eight times. |

James T. Metcalf, Buperintendent moner
order systein: removed June 17, 1903; has been
indicted once. f

Daniel V. Miller, assistant attorney, Post
Office Department, removed Muy 25, 1903.
indicted once; after one mistrial was retried
and acquitted. :

Louis Kempner, superintendent registry
system: removed Oct. 21, 1903.

Charles Hedges, superintendent city free
delivery service; removed July 22, 1903,

James W. Erwin, assistant superintendent
free delivery service; removed Sept, 16, 1909
inclicted once.

W. Scott Towers, superintendent Statio:
C, Washington; removed Oct. 1, 1903; indicted
three times

Otto KF. Weis, assistant superintendent
registry division, New York Post O i re-
moved Oct. 21, 1903.

T. W. Mecregor, clerk, free delivery @@vision