{
|

a

 

eae Te ok ee oe

{n charge of supplies; removed June 5, 1903;
ndicted twice. :
C. FB. Upton, clerk, free delivery division;
removed June 5, 10%; indicted once,

M. W. Louis, superintendent supply divi-
gion: removed Oct, 21, 1905,

Charles B. Terry, clerk, supply division;
removed Oct. 21, 1003.0 |

As shown in Mr. Bristow’s report, the
President says, and as partially indicated
by the actions in the several cases, these
cases show widely varying degrees of cul-
pability, Among outsiders indictments
nave also been found against the follow-

ing persons:
H. 4. Barrett, formerly in the Post OfMlee
Department from May 11, 18s, to Sept. 20,
1803, and from June 1, 1897, to Dee. 81, 1900,
George BK. Green, Diller, Bo and Samuel \
Groff, William C. Long, formerly in the Post
Office  Departnent Isaue S.  MeGiehan,
George HH. Hantingto George Ty, Lorenz,
formerly postmaster at Polero, OBO, Mare
enz, John To Cupper, ( allenbeck,

By rare On a tgene Dy, Hchoble,, Wikiam

  

   
 

 

W. DD. Doremus, Bugene !
G. Crawford, Deputy Auditor Post Office
Departinent from June isga, to. Sept

15, 1897; Maurice Runkle, Nerman R Metcalf,
Teopoid Stern, Fadmund HW. Driggs, George
F. Miller and Joseph M. Johns

Several of the above, the President says,
have been indicted two, three or four times.
Hie continues:

tHE CHIEF OFFENDERS.

The three chief offenders in the Govern-
ment service were Tyner, Machen and Bea-
vers, ‘The friends of Tyner have advanced
the theory that in his ease the chief offender
was really his nephew by marriage, Barrett,
who was his ussistent in the offfee for a part
of the time, and that ‘Pyner's offences were due
to his failing bodily and mental powers
The facets set forth in Mr Bristow's report
do not tend to substantiate the validity of
these excuses for ‘Tyner, while they show
literally astounding misconduct in Barrett
For Maehen and Bevvers no excuse of uny
kind has been alleged In the case of Met-
ealf, the supert) talent of the money order
Bystem, the most vigorous protests were at
first made on his behall by a lurge nuniber
of reputable eitizeus, and alio by others who
were at the time deemed r itable, but who,
it has since been discovered, were profiting
by Metealf's misconduct One of thet has
been indicted in connection with him

 

   

 

When these investigations were begun,
some nine months ovo, touuy of the ehief
offenders, who have been indieted or dis-
missed, or both, as above enutnerated, Were
considered to have exeellent reputations

A number of the most respectable people in
the land offered voluntary testimony on be-
half of Mr Tyner So highly were Messrs
Beavers and Machen thought of by
who hid been brought into close connection
with them that the Congress aetiually, pro-
vided at its hist session for raising the salaries
of both, the salary in even ease being increased
$500, to take effeet at the
fiscal year on July t tose
3y that date they

 

and the Department of dustier was tiking
steps to have them indieted. During Maech-
en's term of serviee he was twice ib testi-

 

gated by the Congress, once by 4 cammittee
of the Senate and once by a committee of the

    
  

Hones, but clerred on each occasion. Yet
at that very period, as has been shown in
the present inve i he was enwaged

which he haa now

in the corrupt brsin
This is no

been removed and i 1
reflection upon the committees who eon-
ducted the investigation for so. shilfully
had Machen concealed wronmdoing that
it waa only revenled after months of laborious
and exhaustive wock by trained inspeetors,
The details of the corruption ure set dorth
in full in Mr. Bristow's report and need not
bea reeapitulated by me As rewards Messrs,
Reavers an Machen, the corruption took

 

his
is

 
 

the form of bribery and blackmail in connec. ¢
tion with the purchase of Government sup- |

plies. Inthe oflice of the Assistant Attorney-
General for the Post Offlee Denartment,
under Tyner and Rarrett, far crenter wrong
was inflicted upon phe public than could be
measure! by 4 pecuniary standard, for in
this offies the corruption of the Gavernment
officials took the form of Invoring get-rich-
quick concerns and similar swindling schanies:

fn other words, the criminals, whom it was ;

the sworn dity of these Government officials
to prosecute, paid them
fleece the public unmolested.

THE GUILTY MUST BE/ PUNISHED. ,
The President concludes:as follows:

The immedinte reformation of the service |

by the turning out of the offenders is not in
itself enough to meet the demands of justice
The case against both those within and those
without the Post Office Department
by their acts have
within the grasp of the law will be pushed
with the utmost vigor. Every effort must
be made to see that both the delinquent
official and the outsider who shares his guilt
are punished to the limit of the law. In

.—bPursuance of this policy the individuals above

enumerated have been indicted. In no
case has the indictinent been sought save
where the officials of the Government were
convinced of the man's guilt;-and in every

case the Government will exhaust every ex- |

ustice ia meted out to the offenders.
n the public service whose duty it is must
ever be vigilant in the detection of wrong-
doing, fearless in its exposure,
in its prosecution; but in the Inst resort,
when everything which the public official,

Fistloo in its power in the effort to see that

whether legisiutor, Judge, or executive officer, |

oan do has been done, it remains for the jury
drawn from the people, and representing the

he
pee inte refraining from punishment of the
guilty.

No crime ecails for sterner reprobation than
the crime of the corruptionist in public life,
and of the man who seeks to corrupt him.
The bribegiver and the bribetaker are equally

uilty. Both alike sin against the primary

aw of the State's safety. All questions
of. difference in party policy sink into insig-
nificance when the people of this eountry
are brought face to face with a question like
this, which lies at the root of honest and
decent goverument, On this question, and
on all others like it, we ean afford to have
no division umong good citizens.
resort good laws and cood»
alike must rest upon the broad basis of sound

 

publie opinion, A dull publie conscience,
an easygoing acauiescenes in corruption,
infallibly imeans debasement in. public life,

and such debasement in the end means the
ruin of free institutions.
becomes a farce if the representatives of the
people corrupt others or are themselves cor-
rupted. Freedom is not aiff) which will
tarry long in the hands of the dishonest
or of those s0 foolish or so incompetent as
to tolerate dishonesty in their public servants,
Under our system all power comes from the
people, and all punishment rests ultimately
with the people. The toleration of the wrong
not the exposure of the wrong, is the real
offence.

Mr. Bristow's Report.

The abstract of the Bristow report is
divided into sub-heads, dealing with the
investigation in the various branches of
the postal service embraced by the inquiry
the salary and allowance division, the
free delivery division, the Assistant At-
torney-General’s. office, the money order
system and the supply division. There
is also a separate paragraph declaring
that a thorough investigation failed to
Rustain charges against H. Rand, for-
mer confidential secretary to the Post-
master-Gienera!, who was accused of forein
worthless mining stock on employees o
the Department and with being interested
in the Parish ice claim lobby.

The greater part of the abstract is taken
up Ly the history of the scandals in the
salary and allowance division, the ad-
ministration of Supt. Beavers, aceording
to Mr. Bristow, having been “more de-
moralizing upon the integrity of the ser-
vice than that of 6upt. Machen of the free
delivery division.” It is in the report
on this division that the name of First As-
sistant Postmaster-General Perry S, Heath
frequently occurs. Throughout the scandat
inquiry there were rumors that Heath
was involved in the corrupt practices of
Beavers. Just before Beavers was forced
out of the postal service at the beginning
of the inquirw, he said to Firat Assistant
Postmaster-General Wynne;

“You'd better not investigate me
got Heath's order for everything I have
one, and if you get me you'll get him.”

Since that time it has been impossible
to learn anything with regard to Heath's
Blutus, ana in view of these circumstances

I've

and of the fact that Heath is still actin
as secretary of the Republican national
campaign committee, Mr, Bristow's  re-

por on the salary and allowance division
8 by far the most interesting portion of
the abstract made publie* to-day. The
Teport sums up Beavers's administration in
the following terma:

Beavers’. ivethods were reckles@ and with-
ous rule or regularity. Inereaseé of allow-
ance tor clerk ite in post.oficos were made
#8 Moutlers of favor regardless of the neces-
sittes of the service. Promotions were fre-
quently made without regard for the merita
of the clerk promoted. Long time leases for
post oOfflee premises were cancelled and the
Tent increased upon the recommendation
Siaprominent gPplicent leaders, sometimes

Vithout regard jor the
Seance. 1 rental value of the

THE PROMOTION BYNDICATE.

vith -regard to the notorious “
# romo-
tioh SOC IORAG * which operated "ahenk
Yin the New York Post Office, the re-
Bom cave ffice, the re

 

  

Otto PF. Weis, a clerk in the New York Post |

fice and an intimate fri

J BS. riend of Beavers

collected from $4,000 to $10,000 from Clerk

upon the pretenoe that it was to be used in

Securing favorable legislation. Many of the
vA ,

those |}

beginuing of the |

were both out of offles, |

tov permission to |

who |
brought themselves |

Those ;

relentless |

capi, to do even-handed justice, shielding |
nnocent, but declining to be misled by any |

In the last |
administration !

Self-rovernment |

‘

 

ATs

‘ on

THE SUN, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1903.

Advertising worthless, and on account of the great dis-
| Shports tat | ER A Ha i oh
ode. . 1, the Doremus com =

The ished a factory of {ta own in Washington and

VERY time the typo-
graphical style of an
advertisement is copied by
another firm thé original ad-
vertiser profits.

| WOODBURY Ltd.,
| 150 Fifth Avenue

Southwest Corner Twentieth Street.
OEE ESS

clerks in the New York and Jersey City post

offices stated under oath that they had con-

tributed to Weis’s “legislative fund” under
the promise of promotion, Frank C. Hay,
weleck in the Jersey City office, states that

Weis told him that the money would be paid

to Beavers after the expenses for collecting

had been deducted,
AUTOMATIC CASHIER SCANDAL.
In connection with the Brandt automatic
} cashier scandal, in which Beavers an
Heath figured prominently, Mr. Bristow
SAYR:
During the summer of 1808 a number of
the Brandt-Dent automatic cashiers were
placed in different post offices for the pur-
pose of testing its desirability as a change-

making device, At that time Winfleld 8

Strawn of Canton, Ohio, was the superin-
| tendent of avencies, and George F. Miller, also

of Canton, was the Washington agent. Judge
George EL Baldwin, father-in-law of Miller,
was fotive in bis efforts to secure the intro-
duction of the imachine by the Department
The methods emploved to accomplish this
end are clearly set forth by the correspondence
between Brandt, president of the company,
and Strawn and Miller, his agents. On Feb.
20, 1809, Miller wrote Brandt, stating:

I am satisiied that we have the assurance and
friendship of both parties—Gen. Heath and Mr.
Beavers—and all that Is necessary 1s to cultivate
that friendship, {f not by Kind words, then by dol-
| lars and cents, and L think the latter will be the,
' most positive. HoweWer, the lines we have ou,
! now will result In a change of programme, which
means our ulthmate success,

Six weeks later Strawn wrote Brandt from
New York that Miller had left that day for
Washington, having “succeeded in a plan
to effectively reach Mr. Beavers through @
; Brooklyn Congressman.” (Driggs of Brook-

lyn, now under indictment with Beavers for
| conspiracy to defrand the Government.)

On april 6. after a conference with Baldwin,
| Miller wrote Strawn, as follows:

' Mr. Baldwin * * * says to find out, if possible,
exactly what this man Beavers wants to insure our
| suceessfin that Department, in the way of dollars and
cents, but not to give tt to him unless forced to do
! so, and when we do, if at all, he desires to be present
in person and plan the agreement.
{ On May 1 Strawn wrote Baldwin, stating
| that Brandt would like him to come to Washing-
| ton tor consultation. In response to this
! invitation Baldwin é¢nme to Washington and
; held a conference with the parties interested,
+ and as 2 result, on May #, 1890, First Assistant
| Postmaster-General Heath signed an order
| for 250 machines, at $150 each. The machines
| were exactly the same as those that were sell-
+ ing in the open market for $125, with the ex-
! ception of a slight changein the base. After
the 250 machines had been disposed of, ad-
! ditional orders were given, until 527 machines
| had been purchased, 217 of which were shipped
' to postmasters without requisition
The postninster at Chicago, on May 31,
1890, stated that he could use only one ma-
chine in his office, yet two months later nine
! were sent to him and he was ordered to puy
{ $150 each for them. The postmaster at Keo-
j kuk, Ti, advised the Department that the
i machine was not practicable and of no value
iin his office. Beavers replied as follows:
{ Relative to the automatic cashler In your office,
+ you are directed to put the same into aotive use,
' As it ts the desire of the Department to have a unl-
{ form system in the matter of handling cash In the
larger post offices.
It is difficult to understand what interest
| the Department could have in a systematic
| inethod of making change in the various
| offices, Nine of these machines, however,
were sent to Baltinore, where four of them
ure in use; twenty to Boston, where two are
used, and twenty to New York, where only
one is In use

Mr. Bristow says that of the 527 machines
nurchased, 173 are idle, many of them
i having never been taken from the cases in
| which they were shipped. The aggregate
; amount of money to the Brandt-bent
} company for_these useless cashiers was
| $74,275. Mr. Bristow adds:

i DISTRICT ATTORNEY BALDWIN INVOLVED.
| Eliminating from consideration all indica-
tions of fraud and passing upon the case
wholly asa question of administrative judg-
ment, it appears tome that this transaction
| would have justified the summary removal
from office of First Assistant Postmaster-
| General Heath and George W. Beavers. But
i the element of fraud cannct be eliminated.
Men of ordinary intelligence rarely waste
} the public revenues in such a manner with-
out a personal motive. A bribe of $12,500
was paid to Congressman Edinund Driggs
‘ to secure the order for 250 machines. A part
of this money has been traced to the bank
account of Beavers.

During the inquiry into this case, Inspet-
{ors Little and Oldfield secured evidence
| indicating that Ernest KB. Baldwin, Assistant
| United States District Attorney for the South-
| ern District of New York, had knowledge of
! the transactions between this company and
{officers of the Department. He was the
attorney for the company in a suit then
pending in the Southern District of New York
{ and had in his possession the original $12,500
‘note. The inspectors were given a written
| order by the president and treasurer of the
! company, directing the firm of Boothby
! & Baldwin, of which Ernest BE. Baldwin is a
! member, to give them access to any Papers
in their possession bearing on the subject.
When the inspectors presented this order to
Baldwin he refused to recognize it, became
very angry, and with violent and profane
\ language ordered them froin his — ofitce.
| There is reason to believe that Judge George
| Ek. Baldwin knows as much about this fraud
asany other party, noteven exoepting Beavers
‘and Driges. He is at present Consul at
Nuremberg, Germany, and was not in this
country at any time while the investigation
was in progress. The inspectors, therefore,
| did not have an opportunity to interrogate
him.

THE CANCELLING MACHINE CONTRACTS.

Another scandal in the report of which
Heath figures prominently is that con-
nected with the Department contracts for
cancelling machines. Mr. Bristow saye:

| There are eight varieties of machines in
use in the postal service for cancelling stamps
and postmarking mail matter, six of these
| are leased and two are purchased outright.
The appropriation for the rent and purchase
of cancelling machines for the fiscal year
1896-97 was $60,000; for the present year it is
$250,000, showing an increase in the amount
of money expended for this purpose durin
the time of the. Beavers administration o
the salary and allowance division of $190,000,
or over 800 per cent. The Barry machine
was invented by William Barry of Oswego,
N. Y., in 1888. In 1895 100 of these machines
were rented at $150 per annum. The corre-
| spondence of Major Ralph Ballin, the Wash-
ington agent in 1897, shows that at the sug-
gestion of Perry 5S. Heath the company
emploved M. LD. Helm, at a salary of $1,200
a year, to use his influence in bebalf of the
Rarry machine, After Helm's employment
the contract was renewed and the price raised
from) $150 to $175, and again, in 1808, advanced
to 8200 perannum. In July, 1900, after Heath's
retirement from the Department, the rent
was. reduced to $150. The employment of
Helm was in the nature of a gratuity on the
part of the company, because of bis relations
with the First Assistant Postmaster-General.

The Hampden cancelling machine was in-
vented by W. R. Landfear in 1800. Land-
fear, in 1897, after Perry S. Heath became
First. Assistant Postmaster-General, offered
to sell 100 of these machines outright to the
| Department for 8209 each, but the offer was
declined. The company was reorganized iu
June, 1898, and George N. Tyner, 2 brother of
the Inte Assistant Attorney-General for tho
Post Office Department, secured a controlling
interest in it. Another effort was then made
to sell the machines to the Department, which
resulted in the purchase of 100 machines at
£290 each, the same machine, with a few
sli@ht changes, that had been offered at $200
eless than a year before and declined. The
machines proved worthless. Of the 100
machines purchased, there ‘are at present
only seventeen in use, and there is evidence
that their worthless character was well known
to both Heath and Beavers’ before they
were ordered.

THER DOREMUS MACHINE SCANDAL.

The most important contract for cancelling
machines was that for the Doremus. Its
original promoters were W. TD). Doremus,
the inventor: I,, T. Michener, member of the
law firm of Dudley & Michener of Washington,
and H, J. Truesdell of Binghamton, N. Y.
The company was organized Aug. 3, 1899,
and capitalized for £100,000, divided into 1,000
shares of $100 each. Of the 1,000 shares,
250 were reserved as treasury stock, the
remaining three-fourths Ries owned
equally by Doremus, Truesdell and the frm
of Dudley & Michener. The 250 shares of
treasury stock were transferred shortly
after the organization of. the company to
George E. Green of Binghamton, N. Y., in
consideration of his agreeing to guarantee
the expense of manufacturing the first 100 ma-
chines, and in December, 1899, he acquired
; the interest of Dudley & Michener.

Truesdell was on intimate terms with
Reavers, and in 1899 an order was given for
/ 100 machines at $150 each. Lone before all
| of The 100 machines had been delivered tho

Department received numerous complaints
i from

 

 

 

 

|
1
|

 

Postmasters stating that they were

er

|
\
|
|

sme aren one ee

created Model No. 2. Beavers, without test-
ing its efficiency, on June 30, 1900, contracted
for 100 of the new machines ut $225 each.
Model No, 2 also proved a failure, and Model
No. 8 was made, and Beavers promptly gave
an order for 100 machines of that model at
$225 each. Of the 200 machines purchased of
Models 1 and 2 only thirty-nine are now in
use, the remaining 161 being practically a net
loss. The Department altogether spent
$143,475 for these machines.
GRREN TRANSFERS STOCK TO HEATH,

In 1901 Truesdell and Green became
estranged and Truesdell sold his interest in
the Doremus cancelling machine. When
interviewed by the iuspectors Truesdell
stated thut before the second order, on June 30
1900, for 100 machines, was given, Green told
him he had transferred to Perry 8S. Heath,
First Assistant Postmaster-General, #20,000
worth of bis stock, in consideration of receiv-
ing un order for not leas than 200 machines
Truesdell states that he contributed $5,000
worth of stock to Green _as his share of the
amount given Heath, He also atated that
Doremus transferred $5,000 worth of his stock
n the sume manner. Doremus denies any
pponiodge of the stock having been given to
Heath, but states that he did contribute
fifty shares, pur value $5,000, to Green, to be
used for the best interests of the company:
Doremus admits that ‘Truesdell told him sub-
sequently that the stock was to be tranaferred
to Heath in consideration of receiving a large
order for machines. Heath refused to make
a written statement, but said verbally to In-
spector Simmons that he never received
any stock from the Doremus Cancelling Ma-
chine Company or any remuneration of any
kind, directly or indirectly,
Truesdell further states that on all ma-
chines sold to the Depurtinent after the order
for 100 of Model No. 1, the company was re-
quired to pay Beavers $25 on each machine,
which Beavers stated was to be divided with
Heath; that on the first 100 he did not receive
$100 each, but a Jump sum of money, as he re-
members, $500, which he personally paid
Beavers in New York Truesdell states that
he paid Beavers sums of $500 upon three other
oceasions: that he procured the money by
check on the Seventh National Bank of New
York, cashed at the Citizens’ National Bank
by Ida FE. Crowell, his pectecary, There were
beg Doremus cancelling machines installed
y the Department from Jan. 1, 1902, to June
1, 1902. he three checks referred to ag-
gregate $3,250, in amount exactly equivalent
to $25 each on 130 machines. The evidence
against Heath was submitted to the District
Attorney, who decided that it was not suffi-
cient to warrant his indictment

OTHER SCANDALS IN BEAVERS'S DIVISION.

Mr. Bristow goes at some length into
another scandal in Beavers’s division—
that in connection with the Elliot & Hatch
book typewriter. H. J. Gensler, one of
the pishogee piers of the United States
Senate, was the Washington agent for this
machine, and the investigation disclosed
that he had an agreement with Beavers
in regard to their introduction in the postal
service by which Beavers secured a rake-off
on each machine sold. Mr. Bristow says
that the machine was not a success, but that
when requests for typewriters of other
makes came in from postmasters Beavers
always furnished the Elliot-Hatch ma-
chine. This was done despite protests
by postinasters that the machine was no
good.

Mr. Bristow says that the same reckless
waste that characterized Beavers's ad-
ministration in other matters prevailed in
the supply to the postal service of Bundy
time recorders. This is another scandal
on which State Senator Green of New York
was indicted with Beavers for conspiracy
to defraud the Government. The price
of the clock when first adopted was $75,
which was later increased to $100, with 50
cents additional for each key supplied. The
investigation disclosed that Los Angeles,
Cal., with 93 carriers and 87 clerks, was
supplied with 13 clocks and 840 keys; Berke-
ley, Cal, with 11 carriers and 7 clerks, was
furnished with 8 clocks and 162 keys; St.
Louis received 89 clocks and thousands
of keys; Fort Collins, Col., with 3 carriers
and $ clerks, was furnished with t clock and
66 keys; Bristol, Conn., with 5 carriers and
4 clerks, was allowed 2 clocks and 100
keys, and Winsted, Conn., with 5 carriers
and 7 clerks, was allowed 3 clocks and 189
keys, The report says there are a hundred
or more instances of this reckless distribu-
tion of favors to the Bundy ‘Time Clock
Company at a great loss tothe Department.
The Bundy time clock was first introduced
into the service by Supt. Machen of the
free delivery division, who was paid $1,000
for his services, First Assistant Post-
master-General Heath later required post
office clerks to use them, and after that they
were purchased through the salary and
allowance division.

FAVORS DISTRIBUTED TO SENATORS AND
CONGRESSMEN.

The report says that the appropriation
for clerk hire in third and fourth class
offices, averaging over a million dollars a
year, was distributed by Beavers largely
»y personal favor. Mr. Bristow says:

If a Senator, member of Congress, or any

prominent peleclea whom Beavers) was
anxious to please, required an increase in the
clerk hire allowed a postmaster, Beavers

complied, regardless of the merits of the case,

Many instances are cited where merely
on the basis of personal favor Beavers
gave post offices from two to ten times
the proper allowance for clerk hire. Mr.
Bristow says, however, that it was “in offices
of the first and second class that Beavers
reached his climax of reckless and criminal
waste inthe matter of clerk hire. Clerks were
appointed to post offices where they were
not needed. Promotions were made with-
out consulting the postmasters. Clerks
were placed on the rolls of post offices and
paid when no service was rendered,
Changes were made in the titles of clerks
and employees in offices in order to increase
their salary, while the duties performed
would remain the same. In five first class
Offices assistant postmasters were desig-
nated as cashiers in order to give them
larger salaries than they were entitled to
under the law. Forty-eight clerks in first
class offices have been receiving from $100
to $400 per annum in excess of what they
were entitled to.” The report gives many
instances in explanation of the above
statements.

CRIMINAL WASTE OF PUBLIC MONEY.

The leasing of premises and the furnishing
of light, heat and fuel for first, second and
third class offices was under the jurisdic-
tion of the salary and allowance division,
and according to the report this furnished
Beavers with SP rOrUnIt ee for fraud and
criminal waste of the public revenues that he
was not slow to take advantageof. In this
porion of the report there is a reference to
Senator Dietrich of Nebraska, which is
particularly interesting in view of the
recent scandal ‘in that State due to the
alleged sale of post office patronage to the
highest bidder by that Senator. The report
says:

SENATOR DIETRICH’S NAMB DROUGHT IN.

At Hastings, Neb., on May 1, 1897, a lease
was made for post office premises for a period
of five years, incuding light, heat, vault
and equipment, at a rental of $700 per
annum, In March the lessor was notified
that the lease would be cancelled on June 30,
almost. a year before its expiration. Shortly
after this a proposal was accepted for another
building no more desirable at a rental of
$1,800 per annum. A most vigorous protest
was filed against this action of the Depart-
ment by those interested in the eancelled
lease, and the matter was referred to an in-
spector for investigation, who, on April 17,
1001, reported as follows;

“Viewed from the standpoint usually as-
sumed by the Post Office Department in the
treatment of lease cases, and eliminating all
questions of personal interest, ] am unable
to conceive what possible representations
could have been made to the Department
in this case to result in the entertainment and
acceptance of the proporition of Mr. Dietrich
at the price named ($1,800 per annum). The
proposition is exorbitant, and the location
one that if in competition with other propo-
sitions, offering central locations at two-thirds
the price asked, could not conscientiously
be considered.” ,

As a result of this report the price for the
new site was reduced to $1,300 per annum
with the proviso that the Department. should
pay for moving and installing the equipment,

his wae done at an expense of $746.

Another case particularly valuable as
showing Beavers'’s methods was that of
Dunkirk, N. Y. On March 1, 1898, a five-
year lease was executed for post office
premises at that place at an annual rental
of $450. On Oct. 15, 1901, this lease was
cancelled and another made for exactly
the same quarters, bit at $1,350 a year.
Three months later the lease was again
cancelled and the annual payment by the
Department increased to $1,500 a year.
Four months later the lease was again
cancelled and renewed for ten years and
the rental increased to $2,000 a year. Mr.
Bristow says that “no additional servico
was provided for in any of the subsequent

 

ne To Care a Cold tn Ono Day

‘ake xetive Bromo Quinine Tablets. -

gists refund the money If It falls to curs et:
rove's aignature is on each box. 26c,—Ado.

j
i

|
|
|

leases that was not included in the original

lease at $450,a year.”

The report also shows that Beavers

often increased the rental of post office
sites by from $100 to over the amount
of the formal proposal. The records indi-
cate that many of these arbitrary increases
of rent were made upon the recommenda-
tion of members of Congress. A list of
over forty cases is submit where increases
were made in this manner,

MACHEN’S GRAFT SYNDICATE,

The information contained in that portion
of the Bristow report dealing with
scandals in the free delivery service under
Supt. August W. Machen is more generally
known to the public than the facts above
set forth with regard to the operations
of the “graft syndicate” in the salary and
allowance division, but many of the de-
tails are new and interesting. Mr. Bristow
says that when Machen was appointed
superintendent of the free delivery service
“he was a bankrupt financially, with numer-
ous judgments recorded againsthim. When
he left Toledo he borrowed various sums
of money from friends, promising to pay
these loans out of the first salary he re-
ceived, which he failed to do. Various
fraudulent representations were made to
secure loans, and upon one occasion he
even resorted to forgery.”
It Bppeare from the re
organized his private and particular “graft
syndicate” four days after he was appointed
superintendent of free delivery. Machen's
first scheme was one to secure a “rake-off”
on the purchase of straps for carriers’
satchels. The straps were bought from
George D. Lamb of New Haven, Conn.,
who paid W.C. Long, a friend of Machen, 2%
cents on each strap furnished. Long col-
lected about $30,000, part of which was
traced to Machen. Up to the time ef
Machen's removal over 1,000,000 straps had
been Porchesed by the Department at a
cost of $37,217, or over $14,000 a year.

Mr. Bristow says that Machen's scheme
with regard to the purchase of carriers’
satchels was probably “the most skillful
and complex scheme invented by any of
the postal grafters.” It consisted of a dou-
ble conspiracy. First Supt. Machen and
George E. Lorenz, a friend, of Toledo, Ohio,
conspired with William G. Crawford, former
Deputy Auditor of the Post Office Depart-
ment and Washington agent of the Posta
Device and Lock Company of New_York,
to defraud the Government out of i price
of satchel straps. Then Crawf fog
spired with Machen and Loren2)3@ -
fraud his own company out of the profits
on the manufacture of the carriers’ satchels,
while on the side Machen received a graft
on the straps from George D, Lamb of New
Haven, ie strap contractor. All the
above mentioned persons, with the exception
of Lamb, have been indicted.

The report says that the Groff fastener,
a patented device for attaching street letter
boxes, was bought by Machen direct, no
contract ever having been executed. The
cost of manufacture was 25 cents each. The
Government paid $1.50. ‘Of the $128,651 paid
to the Groff brothers,who manufactured the
device, Machen and his friend Lorenz
received? $51,460.

GRAFT IN PAINTING LETTER BOXES.

The details of the scandals in gonnection
with the painting of street letter boxes are
interesting and became known for the first
time through the publication of the report.
In 1897, Machen made a verbal arrange-
ment with John T. Cupper of Lockhaven,
Pa., to paint all the letter boxes in the
United States, allowing him 25 cents on
the posts, 50 cents each for the letter boxes

and $1 each for the package boxes. In | charge of this matter of ours and !s conducting the

ostmaster at RRrn ees |

July, 1900, the
Mass., requested that a local painter al-
lowed to paint the letter boxes at a total cost
of $32.25. This request was refused, but
three days later Cupper painted the boxes
and received $100.50 in yment, or more
than three times as much as asked by the
local painter.

In May, 1902, the postmaster at San
Francisco asked that he be allowed to spend
$189 for material to paint letter boxes.
Cupper sent the amount of material re-
quired and charged $811.48. The manu-
facturers of letter boxes were by the terms
of the Department contracts required to
paint all letter boxes at the factory where
made, and at no expense to the vern~
ment. In July, 1900, Cupper was sent to
paint all the letter boxes at the factory and
was paid $16,227.50 for the work. Gupper
admits that he paid about $20,000 of his
profits to “Department grafters” during
the last five years.

GRAFT IN CARRIERS’ LEATHER CASES.

In regard to the contracts for carriers’
leather cases, Mr. Bristow says:

When the system of rural carrier registra-
tion was adopted Machen conceived the
idea that the carriers needed a sina}l case in
which to carry the registration book, and
bought many thousands from Maurice Runkle
of New York and Charles E, Smith of Balti-
more. On Oct. 30, 1902, 21,000 had been or-
dered, although at that time there were only
11,000 rural curriers in the service. Runkle
was not a leather manufacturer, but a dealer
in clothing. He was paid 90 cents a cause
and had them made at 4 cost of from 25 to
ex cents. ‘The 21,000 cuses cost) Runkle
$5,851.96, while the Government paid him
$15,906.30, making him a profit. of $13,074.54.
Runkle paid Machen $2,450 for worthless
mining stock and also gave McGregor, a
clerk in Machen's office, certain sums of
money. The books for the city delivery
were bought from Smith, who says that the
profits on all the cases he furnished were
$11,450, of which he retained $3,450 as his
share. The rest went to Machen
subordinates, Upton and McGregor.

GRAFT IN STRERT LETTER BOXES,

In regard to the important contract for
street letter boxes the report says:

In February, 18923, a four-year contract
for these boxes was awarded to Maybury
& Ellis of Detroit, Mich, Machen became
superintendent six months later. Maybury
states that soon after Machen’s appointment,
Eugene D. Scheble, a dentist of Toledo (Ma-

and his

the | but will make another effort to-day.

 

|
}

|

|
|

 

 

1

|

 

|

 

 

|

}
|
|

chen’s home), interested him in a patent for

anew letterbox. Scheble was given a 24 per
eent, interest in the Maybury & Fllis four-
year contract, Maybury stating that he did
this as there was merit in Scheble’s box and
that it might prove a troublesome competitor.
It is not reasonable to suppose that a man of
affairs like Maybury, who at that time hod
served two terms in Congress, and is at present
Mavor of the city of Detroit, should volun-
turily deliver to a stranger from Toledo, O.,
areerourth of the profits in a valuable inven-
tion because he feared that in two or three
years the man might become a competitor,
During the vear before Scheble became inter-
ested in the contract, 2,740 boxes were ordered
at a cost of $8,189.40 and a profit to the manu-
facturer of $3,425. After Scheble became inter-
ested, during the second year, 16,400 boxes
were ordered at a cost of $52,526.25, the profit
being $20,500, of whieh Maybury received
$15,875 and Scheble, $5,215. In 1807, when anew
contract was made,the Scheble box was select-
ed and Maybury & Ellis gave him a 50 per
cent, interest in. the new_ contract, ‘he
evidence shows that Scheble remitted one-
half of his profits in this contract to Machen.

MACHEN’S BOLD METHODS.

Mr. Bristow gives the following incident
as illustrative of the bold manner in which
Machen worked his graft:

One Solomon C. Wynn submitted a pro-
posal to furnish the various sized boxes at
$1.75, $2.25 and $2.75, against the Scheble box
at $2.60, $3.25 and $5.25 each. Wynn there-
fore. became a dangerous competitor. But
Machen was equal to the oceasion. He told
Postmaster-Vieneral Wiison that he had a
cousin, Arnold J. J. Machen of Toledo, Ohio,
who was interested with Wynn in this box,
and that he did not think it proper for the
contract to be awarded to a firm in which. a
relative of the siinerinbendent of free de-
livery was financially interested. The Post-
master-General evidently was impressed by
the unselfish devotion of Machen to the
public interests, for Wynn's bid was dis-
carded, though {n 80 doing the cost of letter
boxes during the contract period was in-
creased $51,553.80. The profits on this con-
tract of Mavbury & Ellis aggregated $53,009,
half of which was given to Scheble to b» di-
vided with Machen.

During the past four years 27,000 letter
boxes have been distributed on rural routes,
They were unnecessary, as every farmer's
letter box served the purpose of both a de-

osit und a collection box. Nevertheless,
Machen continued to have them erected,
and during the last four years over $70,090
has been paid out for letter boxes on rural
routes. Package boxes were bourht at
$10.80 each from Isaac MoGichan, although
the lowest bidder offered to supply them for
83.50 each. MoUiehan paid Machen a royalty
of 50 cents a box.

HEATI'S NAME IN THIS SCANDAL.

The name of Perry 8, Heath is promi-
nently mentioned in connettion with one
scandal which grew up under Machen.
This relates to the Montague Indicator, a
device attached to street letter boxes to
show the hours of collection. On this
subject Mr. Bristow says:

A company wis organized in 1800, with a
eapital stock of $100,000, Consisting of 20,000
shares, par value $5, Immediately alter
the organtsation, D. 8. Richardson, a cashier
in the San Franciseo post office, and James
W. Erwin, at that time a post office inspector,
visited Washington and gave Muchen 1,000
shares of stock made out in the name of H. G.
Seger, and Beavers 2,000 shares, which were

| tailed to the Department. as acting

|

| refused, f
| give Lonis a special examination,

| temporary

|
|

!

| at prices higher t

 

|

 

|
|
|

|

| new letting.

{eased in the name of Richardson. A_ short
time after this gratuitous distribution of
stock an ordér was given for 7,000 indicators
at $4.26 exch. There is a mystery about the
true ownership of the stock paid to Beavers.
It was ued, aa stated, in the name of D. 8.
Richardson, and at Beavers’s  siggestion
assigned to John R. McDonough. . The first
dividend, consisting of $120, was forwarded
to Beavers on Feb. 6, 1901, and acknowledged
in the following letter:

MY Drak MR. RICHARDSON—Yours of Feb. 6,
with enclosure, received. I will hold the papers
in your name for the present until something de-
cisive is known. 1 aim glad to know that the mat-
ter promises so well. f have not seen Mr. Heath,

hie ls mighty
hard to locate Just now, being busy on national
committee matters. Give my regards to all In-
quiring friends, ‘

This was in February, 1901, and the stock
was still in Richardson's name and apparently

{n Beavers’s possession. In August, 1902,
Beavers again wrote:
Duar Kicuakvson—Our friend In Salt Lake

drawn In the name of
Issue new certificates
Forward same to me

Wants the enclosed stock

Edwin R. Bacon. Kindly
and have these destroyed.
by registered mall.

These letters were secured from Richard-
son by the inspectors. On the face of the
Jast letter is indorsed in pencilin the bandwrit-
ing of R. Hi. BE. Espey, secretury of the com-

pany, “editor Salt take Tribune,” and on
ho back, “133.8, Weat Temple” and “th F.
and Brigham,” the first being Perry 8,

Heath's office address and the second his
home at that time, The “enclosed stocks”

rt that Machen ; referred to in the jast letter consisted of

1,000 of the shares given to Beavers on Dee,
27, 1889, Edwin R. Bacon, to whom the’
stock was made out, is Heath's uncle by mur-
riage and one of his most intimate friends,
‘The 1,000 shares issued to Bacon were returned
to the company anonymously in a. blank
envelope after this investigation begin,
Heath refused to make a written stutement,
but said orally to Inspector Simmons that |
he had never heard of the stock and had no
interest in the eompany directly or indirectly. |
RAKE-OFF IN CARRIBRS’ BADGES.

After describing how Machen demanded
a “rake-off” on letter carriers’ badges, Mr.
Bristow says!

Machen docs not seem to have considered
a day of reckoning as possible, and over nine
years of continuec DORDEXILY had given him
confidence. He had passed safely through
two Congress investigations, one in 1896 and
one in 1897. He had deceived his aU Reet
officers through the administration. of four
different Postmusters-General and a like num-
ber of First Assistants, but his schemes |
flnally grew to be so elaborate and their
ramifications so extensive that the atmos-
phere became charged with suspicion, dam-
Aging stories affecting his integrity reached
the ears of his superiors and this investi-
gution was ordered.

TYNER'S CORRUPT PRACTICES.

The report shows that the corrupt prac-
tices in the Assistant Attorney-General’s
office under James N. Tyner and Harrison
J. Barrett, both of whom are under indict-
ment, were carried on extensively and
almost openly. Mr. Bristow says:

When the Iuisiana Lottery Company
was broken up a number of bond investment
concerns snreng. up all over the country
embracing lottery features in their methods
of business. ehery after Tyner and Bare
rett were instilled in office eight of, these
bond investment companies, against which
orders had been issued denying them the use
of the mails, formed an organization and
sent G. A. Villere of New Orleans to Wash-
ington to represent them. On June 24 Vil-
lere wrote the secretary of his company as
follows; —

I have got the strongest
Government is our friend. 8 y sure of this I
want to return home, but Butterworth, Dudley and
Tyner tell me I must stay here and that I will be
needed,

On June 28, four days later, he again
vrote:

Had a long Interview with the law clerk [very
satisfactory}. He {s a nice fellow and a relative
of Tyner's wife. His name ts Barrett, and he has

assurance that the

 

 

Investigation. I Suspension order by

Thursday.

The suspension order was issued Wodnes-
day, a day earlier than Villere expected.
After this revocatiou, bond invest ment schemes
multiplied until there were several hundred
in the United States. Karly in the year 1900
Barrett and J. Henning Helms, an agent for
a bond investment company, entered into a
verbal ugreement to form a partnership
January 1, 1901. Just before he left the De-
purtment Barrett issued an opinion holding
that all bond investment schemes were fraudu-
lent. Barrett suggested, however, that they
be given an opportunity “to make such
changes as will eliminate all objectionable
features before further action is taken by
this Department in the direction of depriving
them of the use of the mails.” The same
hail carried the announcement that Barrett
had resigned ani! formed a law partnership
with Helms, The result was that. many
of the concerns immediately sought his ser-
vices, In a letter to one of them Barrett
said:

I belleve we can eliminate all
features In the contracts and put them tn such form
that they will mect with the approval of the Depart
ment. Our fee would be $1,000 retainer and $100
@ month for twelve months.

A number of bond investment company
representatives were in Washington during
holiday week in 1900, but could get no satis-
faction out of Tyner. On Dec. 31 they met
Barrett by appointtnent and employed him
as their uttorney, Thenext day he presented
the matter to Tyner and had their certifi-
cates approved.

JONN GO. CARLISLR’S ADVICR.

The American Investment Company had
employed ex-Secretary of the Treasury John
G. Carlisle as uttorney to prevent the issu-
ance of « fraud order. Mr. Carlisle after
investigating the matter advised the com-
Pany as follows:

There are only two ways of accomplishing thts:
First, to take the matter into the Federal courts
at a probable expense of $25,000; second, to employ
Messrs. Barrett and Helms, 4 newly organized law
firm, who stand close to the Tyner crowd. If it
is done this way, however, I will have nothing to
do with It.

The report cites many other instances to
show that fraudulent concerns of all kinds-—
turf investment, medicinal, gift, advertis-
ing—in fact, all varieties of illegal mail
order companigs, were allowed the use of
the rails on payment of a bribe.

FRAUD IN SUPPLY DIVISION.

In his report on_the investigation of the
supply division Mr. Bristow tells how
Michael W. Louis, who was dismissed from
his position as superintendent some time
ago, was railroaded into the Department
service. He says:

Louls was appointed a cashier in the St.
Louis Post Office on April 17, 1807, and de-
superin-
tendent of the supply division. The Civil
Service Commission was asked to exeept
the position from the classified service, but
Tn July following, it did, however,
allo wing
him a rating of 60 percent. for the experien ce
acquired in the three months he had been in
charge of the division. As a
result of this rating Louis passed a s uccess-
ful examination and was appointed.

The report goes into details as to how

Louls bought EBs in the open market
an those which prevailed,

expect a

objectionable

and adds:

For the fiscal year 1898, upon false state-
ments of Louls, the contract for inking pads
was4iwarded to W. C. Long at 15 cents each
in preference to fourteen-cent pads offered
by a competitor, Long was not a manu-
facturer and bought inferior pads at 1244
cents each, which he supplied to the Depart-
ment, making @ net profit on the contract of
$1,625.

In regard to the General Manifold Com-
pauy of Franklin, Pa., of which Representa-
tive Sibley of that State is a large stock-
holder, the report says in part:

On June 4, 1902, Lonis Kempner became
Superintendent of the rogistry system, and
under his administration books made by the
General Manifold Company have been used tn
a tavish manner. The original proposition
was to furnish books contvining 500 receipts
for 22°45 cents. This book, however, was
never used, but in its stead 4 book containiag
1,900 receipts which cost $1.10. Prior to Kamp-

her's appointmnent manifold books were jot
furnished to offices where less than 2,000
were registered per annum

pieces of mail
Kempner disregarded this rule, however, and
sent these expensiye manifold books to third
and fourth class offloes. At some of those
offices rot more than twenty-five pleces of
mail ore registered in a year. The result has
been thit the costof manifoid supplies for the
tlecal yoar 1902-05 was $84,768.45, as against
$41,409.24 for the Mscal year 1901, when sup-

fed by the Pullic Printer, an Jnerease of
48,260.61. Kempner was removed from office
Oct. 21,21908

THE MONEY ORDER SYSTEM

Tho ropert on the money order systom
contains nothing that is not known already
to the general public, save the fact that |
former Superintendent Motcalf, who is |
now under indictment for conspiracy to |
defraud, “wasa party to a combination of
the four Ppasinal bidders for the purpose of
raising the price of money order supplies
at the last letting.” Whenthe bids were
opened it: was discovered that the prices
of printing had apparently advanced about
80 per cent. When knowledge of this was |
brought to the Postmaster-General he re- |
fused to approve the awards and ordered a |
f The result was that the com- |
bination went to pieces and the Department
saved $51,124.16 on the contract, ‘This is
the ease in which H, C, Hallenbeck of the
Wynkoop-Hallenbeck-Crawford Company

hte craw

A. FRANKFIELD & CO.

Jewelers and Importers,

Suggest as a most appropriate Christmas Gift a
choice of their latest productions in

SOLID 14-Kt. GOLD JEWELRY

Good Taste, Exclusive Designs, Superior Work-

manship and Moderate Prices are the inducements

offered to the purchasers of these inexpensive holiday
presents,

Send for our illustrated catalogue of Gold Jewelry.

52 West 14th Street.
(Near Sixth Ave.)

fraud.

THE LOSS TO THE GOVERNMENT.

In concluding his report Mr. Bristow
says:
The system of organized corruption that
has been disclosed beganin 1893 and continu
until stopped by this investigation. The
amount of money secured by the corrupt
officials and their confederates is small com-
pared with the total loss to the (tovernment,
To illustrate; There is no evidence that
Louls received any compensation from Ault
& Wiborg, yet during the first. year of his
administration the expenditures for cancelling
ink increased over ¢10,000. It does not appear
thut Kempner received. money from the
Manifold company, yet the cost of manifold
supplies increased more than $40,000 a year,
Barrett received only #6,000 from Arnold,
yet that company defrauded the people out
of over $3,000,000. Machen probably. did not
receive more than $26,000 from the Groff
fastener: vet the Government paid approxi-
mately $130,000 for that device, which repre-
genta a net loss, aince the Department con-
tinued, by the terms of the contract for letter
boxes, to pay for the original fasteners.
Beavers and his associates received less than
$20,000 from the automatic cashier, yet the
Department expended $74,275 for this wholly
unnecessary machine.
The total amount that the perpetrators of
these frauds received cannot he definitely
learned, but it will aggregate between $300,000
and #400,000, while tne loss to the Govern-
ment, considering the unnecessary supplies
that have been purchased and the inferior
quality of those furnished by fraudulent con-
tractors, cannot be estimated with any degree
of accuracy.
As the gross abuses have been brought to
light they have been promptly corrected by
the proper Departmental officers. Contracts
in which fraud has been discovered have
been annulled, ie
As aresult of this investigation four officers
and employees of the Department have re-
elgned and thirteen have been removed.
Forty-four indictments have been. found,
involving thirty-one persons, ten of whom
have been connected with the postal service.
1 cannot speak in too high praise of the
industry and intelligence of the inspectors
and their loyalty to the interests of the ser-
vice. The success of the investigation is
largely due to them. They have sought the
truth with eagerness and ‘akfll. No acconnts
have beon too intricate for them to unravel,
no labor too burdensome for them to under-
take. Under the immediate charge of Chief
Inspector William E. Cochran they have
worked in perfect. accord.
A number of changes should be made in
the organization of the Department, in order
to provide a more perfect check on the onera-
tion of various divisions, and some restrictive
legislation affecting the divisionof salary and
allowance, of rural free delivery, and
possibly others, may be necessary. What
the rervice most necds, however, is honest,
intellicent and vigorous administration. The
corruption disch is not due to lax laws,
but to the dishonesty of those charged with
the responsibility of administering them.

 

PERRY 8S. HEATH DENIES IT.

 

Says Rristow Has Been Pursutng Him Frem
the Time He Entered the Department.
Saur Lakg, Nov. 29.—When former First

Assistant Postmaster-General Perry §8.

Heath had read the report of Mr. Bristow

and the memorandum of the President

to-night, he said:

“I shall not hesitate to publish in the Salt
Take Tribune to-morrow morning every
word of this report, and also every word of
this memorandum of the President,although
there is not a syllable in them, except official
comment, so far as pertains to myself, that
is news, or new to the public. I hope my
enemies, as well as my friends, will do me
the justice to read it ail carefully. The
newspapers have been kept informed and
have been publishing it all during the past
year, ‘hat which has hitherto been gen-
erally regarded as newspaper criticism, it
is now revealed, was official criticism in
disguise.

“It is no surprise to me to see the denunci-
ation of meinthis report. Theauthor of it,
from the time he entered the Post Office
Department up to the present moment,
has, in his official capacity, pursued me per-
sonally, in season and out, as every one who
has been in public life in Washington dur-
ing the past six yearsknows. Innuendois
artfully contrived and malice ill concealed
throughout the entire document, as every-
body familiar with the facts may see. Its
opening pages attack my friend} Mr. M.
W. Louis, an honest gentleman, as the

report itself is compelled to admit him to be,
and it closes with impertinent and intrusive
animadversions upon my administration.
*The autber seems to have atudious'y
avoided mentioning the important fact
that many, if not a 'arge majority, of those
offences, occurred after [had ‘eft the service.
Nor is the e'ightest reference made to

 

'

|

another important fact, that I had heaped |

upon me (en times as much administrative
and executive work, by reason of the
Spanish-American War, as I shou'd have
undertaken; or the fact that during the
time most of the onus of performing the
mi'itary posta! duties fe!l upon me, together
with the distribution of much of the patron-
age of the service in the way of appoint-
ments, and that we had to establish pre-
cedents, as we had no military postal laws;
and, lastly, the fact that if any one conjured
with my name for corrupt purposes I could
not know it except somebody told me,
No intimation of the kind ever reached me
until lately, through the prese.

“Men like Louis, whose supplies were
purchased through a committee of throe
appointed by the Postmaster-Gercral, he
being merely the distribution clerk, are
censured and made to suffer for responsi-
bilides they never had. When uis
entered the service he found his division
in a domoralized condition, A committee
condemned the ink used and recommended
the ink purchased, Vhe tremendous in-
crease in the regular postal services required
the filing of thousands of new orders in
new offices as well as old ones, and the
military postal service necessitated the
supplying of thousands of offices in newly
gequired territory. :

“Pectuso I cannot be truthfully accused
of ever having received any reward in cash,
bonds, stocks, presents or other form,
while T was in the Department or after I
left it, for acta while in the Government
employ, appears to be especially disappoint -
ing to the nuthor of this report, But since
much of the report is occupied with the
cases of men who have been tried’ and ac-
quitied, Lam willing io trust the publie
iis own conclusions. J welcome
(he cpportunity to publish it in its entirety

} in the columns of the Tribune.

 

Drowned tn Ramapo Rtver,

Texepo PaRK, N, Y., Nov. 20.—Patrick
Daly, Jr., the seven year old son of Patrick
Daly, a coachman, employed by the Tuxedo
Park Association, was drowned In the
Ramapo River at Tuxedo village this after-
noon. ‘The boy, with several other boys,
was going skating, and Daly Was sent on
the ice by the larger boys to ascertain if
it was safe, He ventured out a litte too
far and went through the ioe, His body
waa recovered soon afterward, ‘

. an her and also kicked and punch

 
   
 
  

"Mahogrny of the Masters.”

Our Gentleman's English Clothes
Press in the style of the Georgian
Period, with clothes-closet and
separate compartments for all the
articles of dress, isa Holiday Gift
at once artistic and useful,

Pricea range from $50 to $150.
Show-Rooms, 40 East 23d Struct.

 
       
       
   
   
 

HANDBOOK MEN TO RESUME?

Leoks Like More Work in Brooktyn for the
Rev. Cortland Myers.

There promises to be more work af the
kind he did several months ago for the Rav.
Cortland Myers of Brooklyn during the
next few weeks. Mr. Myers, single handed,
succeeded in effectually wiping out the
handbook business in Brooklyn. When he
started the crusade against this form
of gambling the handbook men, who had
long enjoyed immunity, largely becanse
it was very difficult to get sound legal evi-
dence against them, laughed, and the com-
munity looked on with amusement. But
Mr. Myers got his evidence, convicted
several of the leading handbook men, had
others indicted and then put the screws
on so hard that the rest didn't dare to de-
fend themmelvea, but pleaded guilty to
the indictments and took their medicine
in the shape of fines, an arrangement which
Mr. Myers agreed to stand for if the men
would pledge themselves never to do busi-
ness in Brooklyn again.

Since Mr. Myers’s crusade ft has been
hard work to get beta down on the races
in Brooklyn. The handbook men have had
a wholesome fear of the law since Mr.
Myers showed how easy it wasto get evi-
dence against them that would convict.
Then again Mr. Myers made several police
captains so uncomfortable that they have
been afraid to tolerate the slightest viola-
tion of the law in their precincta. All of

which has kept the handbook man down and
BORE Ge ee

or the ten a? 4m
handbook foe teat rn ess
on ths quiet with mem they know, and a
rumor was current in Brooklyn en Satur-
day night that some time this week or next
the handbook business would be generally
resumed. Two famous hangouts for hand-
book bettors in Brooklyn have been a cigar
store on lower Fulton street and a saloon
on De Kalb avenue. The sports around
these places on Saturday night all said that
bets would be taken freely before long.

As long as there was racing in the East
the demard for handbook betting was at
a minimum, but now that the scene of these
contests has shifted to Washington and
New Orleans, where the small bettors can-
not go, the handbeoks are the only resource
of the mdividual who must bet on the races
in order to be happy.

It is a curious thing that when the racing
is in New Orleans, during the winter, the
betting is livelier here among small specu-
lators than when the local tracks are doing
business. There isn’t a race in New Orleans
in which at least two or three horses are
not tipped daily as sure things. ‘There is
a rush of emall fry bettors to get aboard of
these aed things every day, and the hand-
books have always been in clover during
the cold weather.

The handbook men, like all gamblers,

ard Tammany as their friend, and either
with reason or without reason they think
they will be allowed to do business without
interference after Jan. 1. It remains to
be seen whether they are right or wrong,
but during the coming month there will be
a large field for the energies of Mr. Myers.

BLAMES HUSBAND FOR HUEBETS.

Mre. Powers Was Found in Hallway With
Her Hip Dislocated.

Mrs. Lizzie Powers, 36 years old, the

wife of a machinist of 75 Engert avenus,

Williamsburg, was found by neighbors

 

 

| early yesterday morning insensible in he:

home. Her left hip was dislocated and she
was suffering from internal injuries.

An ambulance from St. Catharine's Hos-
pal was summoned. Dr. Callahan re-
stored Mrs. Powers to consciousness, and she
then said that her husband, after attacking
her while she was asleep and choking her,
dragged her from ber bed and then ine ed

er,

Powers could not be found. Mrs. Powers
was taken to the hospital, where her con-
dition later was pronounced serious.

 

M.Knoedler& Co.

invite attention to their
carefully selected collection of

PAINTINGS

and Water Colors of various echanla
Old English Mezzotints
wi Colored Sporting Prints.
355 FIFTH AVE.,
(Cor. 34th St), NY.

Lomton, 15 Old Bont St.
Perig, 23 Plase Vendome

 

 

Bee en en ce eee

Tho widest range of choice and
price of any shop tn the world.

HOLIDAY =}
STERLING SILVER

PCSILVER PLATE!
RIDEN CO

a

* International Silver Co. Successor yee
218 Futh Avenue, Madtson Square. |

 

 

 

De

  
 
    
    
    
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
    
    
 
   
    
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
   
    
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
 
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
    
   
   
  

X-SCIE

A PALA
WITH

congress
to Te
Anon
sends

The ne!
First Chu
sixth stre
seribed in
yesterday
the founde
fifteen ye
There we
the day
dedicator

The ma
for Christ:
vice, ad
for the m
have not
ing servic

The meg
has been
Stetson of
sede Moth
service.
nor try to
casion. H
he darkly
nual mee
He also 6
move M
Christian
move to
any follo
evidence

The all ¢
cation of
the Chure!
Although
Mrs. Stet
the servic
in her pri
damask
went to hé
and oye ‘
the utter
to be spo

If the ag
instructed
which sha
ality they
more in a
than the
Central
striking
say that
friends m
as “the
Christian
tacular eff
tion would

Mrs. 8S
white silk
color an
white glo
ried her
leather.
Etruscan
the white
Her only
diamond
reading la
far enoug
gems and
at the won

The cht
vices. In
in spite of
tion of its
Bneezes W
was readi
text bool
hot real
Rneezes, O
followed b
which beg
outa grea
co &

None O
other fo
the city
services 4
fact was
as anothe
in the Fi
following.
platform
reader of
C, Rowbd
Hatfield,

The se.
on the $
anthem “*
Song,” a
8,000 pers
the hym
by Moth

A solo,
was sun
of the
due the
the churc
astic pre
Architect
of this ©
tions fror
lations a
Eddy's in

Mrs. St
Mother i
First Che

«rity

Benoveg
athing tir

Here | 4
labor
the last
cated to
have «
Within its

eneratl
yroad
that fel
songs of }
work div
Spirit ¢

Remen
the idea
with har
a silent,
ness nq
reicher
fain gre

‘
f

 

Btands fa
melted i
it stands
as attest
nation, a
of your G

PLEAS!

In he
no sign qd
the mot
printed
distribut
ring to }
tal H, a
most re
alluding

Mrs. $
of Israe
Christia
through
the belie
phenom
row and
faith ar
the pro
Jesus, th

Of th
this city
Wear
tion, 4
taught
in the i
been lex
truth ar
to awak
active q
and all
to redeq
Minion

understé
Ife. tr
God,

This
those w
of disea
the teac
fs tier
the Rey
and fou
of its t
key to
thie des

“Divine
Will ine
toils, d
ef this
den)

Lhe be
Withste

Ap
ud