|

 

Be

Tm

 
 
 

SCIENCE'S NEW TEMPLE OPEN ' feszen

 

{ PALACE IN WHITE AND GOLD,
with A PRIESTESS IN WHITE,

 

ongregation Flocks Around Mrs. Stetson
to Tell Her of Its Sympathy Under
Anonymous Attacks—Mother Eady
sends & Message to Her Flock.

‘The new million dollar temple of the
First Chureh of Christ Scientist at Ninety-
th street and Central Park West, de-
«pibed in yesterday's SuN, was dedicated
yesterday by Mrs, Augusta E, Stetson,
the founder of the cult in this city and for
fifteen years the first reader of the church.
Jhere were three services in the course of
the duy and Mre, Stetaon read her long
dedicatory address at each.

[he morning service was exc lusively
for Christian Scientists, the afternoon eer-
vice, admission to which was by ticket, was
for the members’ families and friends who
have not yet entered the fold, and the even-
ing service was for the public,

he member who for the last three days
has been anonymously accusing Mrs.
stetson of being a despot planning to super
sede Mother Eddy, attended the morning
service, He did not reveal his identity
nor try to disturb the harmony of the oo-
casion. But in the evening at his office
he darkly talked of doing things at the an-
nual meeting of the church in January.
He also said that Mother Eddy might “re-
move Mrs. Stetson to some other field of
Christian Science activity aa a disciplinary
move to curb mad ambition. If he has
any following in the church it was not in
evidence yesterday.

The all day service was as much a vindil-
cation of the remarkable woman leader of
the Church as a dedication of the building.
Although she {s no longer the “first reader,”
Mrs. Stetson took the leading part at all
the services, and between meetings she sat
in her private room of yellow satin and red
damask and hundreds of men and women
went to her to assure her of their sympathy
and loyalty. She told them all not to mind
the utterances of a man who did not dare
to be sponsor for his accusations,

If the architects of the building had been
instructed to erect a temple to Mrs, Stetson
which should be a setting for her person-
ality they couldn't haye produced anything
more in accordance with such specifications
than the new million dollar structure in
Central Park West. Mrs. Stetson is a
striking woman physically. Her enemies
kay that she has hypnotic power. Her
friends might have described her yesterday
ax “the great white robed priestess of
Christian Science,” and so far as the apec-
facular effect was concerned the descrip-
tion would have been apt.

   

 

Mrs. Stetson appeared yesterday in a
white silk gown without a suggestion of

color anywhere, with flowing sleeves and
white gloves. The book in which she car,
ried her manuseript was bound in white
leather, For a background she had the
Etruscan gold of the great organ pipes and
he white and gold altar arch for a frame.
for only ornament was a crown-shaped
diamond brooch. The hood of the shaded
reading lamp happened to be raised just
far enough to let the rays rest upon the
ems and reveal them in gleaming radiance
at the woman's throat.

The church was filled at each of the ser-
vices. In the afternoon Error crept in
in spite of the ushers. The first manifesta-
tion of its presence was in the shape of two
kneezes while the first reader, Mrs. Lyman,
was reading selections from Mother Eddy’s
text book to jthe effect that illness is
hot real and therefore not eternal. The
kneezes, or what seemed to be sneezes, were
followed by one of those waves of coughing
which begin in a corner and spread through-
out a great gathering. There seemed to be
conghing for the rest of the afternoon.

None of the readers or Officers of the

other four Christian Science churches in
‘he city was invited to take part in the
services or to sit upon the platform, This
fact was noted by Mrs, Steteon’s enemies
as another proof that she wishes to set up
in the First Church “an exclusive personal
following.” Mrs. Stetaon did share the
platform with Mrs. Laura C, Lyman, the first
reader of the First Church, with Stewart
(. Rowbotham, second reader, and E. F.
Hattield, the former second reader.

The services began with a voluntary
on the $225,000 organ and the dedicatory
anthem “The Lord is My Strength and My
Song,” after which the congregation of
8,000 persons, led BY a choir of 100, san,
the hymn, “Shepherd Show Me How to Go,
Ly Mother Eddy.

A solo, “I Will Sing of Thy Great Mercy,”
was sung by Mrs. Charles H. Cottrell, wife
of the decorator to whom is principally
due the credit for the beautiful interior of
the church, which has received the enthusi-
astic praise of the American Institute of
Architects and the Architectural League
of this city. Mr. Rowbotham read selec-
tions from Deuteronomy, Exodus and Reve-
lations and then Mrs. Lyman read Mother
Eddy's interpretation of those passages,

Mrs. Stetson next read this message from
Mother Eddy:

First Church of Christ, Scientist, New York
City.

BELON ep BRETHREN; Carlyle writes, “Give
a thing time: if it succeeds, it ia a right thing.”

Here J aver that you have grasped time and
labor-—taking the firat by the forelock, and
the last by love. In this lofty temple, dedi-
cated to God and Mumm snlty, Way the proph-
ecy of Isaiah be fulfilled; “Fear not for I
halve called thee by thy name; thou art mine.”
Within its sacred walls may song and sermon
generate only such as Christianity writes in
broad facts over great continenta—sermons
hat fell forests and remove mountains—
ongs of joy and gladneas. The letter of your
ork dies, as do all things matertal, but the
irit thereof is immortal,

Remember that a temple but foreshadows
he idea of God, “The house not made
hands eternal in the heavens,” while
ent, grand man or woman healing sick-
ness and destroying sin builds a_ heaven
reccher. Only that group of men and women
fe greatness who gain themselves, in a
complete subordination of self. The tender
morial engraven on your grand edifice

  

 

Pas?

wilt

 

 

(
n
sivuds for human self lost in divine light—
meited into the radiance of His likeness;
it stands for meekness and might, for truth
As attested by the founder of your denomi-
nation, and emblazoned on the fair escutcheon
Lovingly yours in Christ,
Mary BAKER G. Eppy,
Prcasant View, Concord, N. H., Nov, 28.
In her own address Mrs. Stetson gave
no sign of lack of loyalty to the founder of
the mother church in Boston. In the
printeu copies of the address, which were
distrifmted, the personal pronoun her, refer-
ring to Mrs Eddy, was spelled with a capi-
ta! H, and in her reading Mrs. Stetson was
most reverent in voice and manner when

of your Church,

alluding to Mother Eddy.

Mrs. Stetson said that the faithful children
ef israel of the twentieth century were the
Christian Seientista “who have been led
through the wilderness of human illusions,

ef of life in matter, with its material

the be
‘nomena of sin, suffering, disease, sor-

? and death, to behold with the eye of

faith and understanding the fulfilment of

the promises made by the prophets and

Jestis, the Christ.

OF the establishment of the church in

y she said:

   

‘sare a peculiar people, a_chosen genera-
nt t royal priesthood, who have been

taveht in Christian Science to discern man

image and likeness of God. We have
been led to plant in this eity the seeds of
truth and love in the hearts of the people;

to awaken a sluinbering faith in God, to an
Chive fernonstration of tis everpresence
to quicken them with a desire
vom (heir God-given birthright; do-
over all things, through spiritual
landing which is the reflection of
ruth und love-our Father-Mother

power

 

trod
Chis has been built entirely by
hos ve been healed of all manner
yoth physical and moral, through
ove iucand practice of Christian Science,
stoueht by our beloved leader and teacher,
he Rey Maury Baker G. Eddy, the discoverer
i founder Of Christian Science, and author
est-book, “Scienee and Health, With
hey to the Seriptures.” God has been. to

edifice
wl hie

     

' a rtiock a pillar of cloud by day and of
y nigh

«> inee and Health* also assures ua that

‘vine Love always has met, and always

i every human need." In proof of

  

: the four years since the laying
rherstone on Noy. 27, 1809, every
for money, skilled workmen and
nmuiterials has been readily met, not-
a2 the fact that work on all public
rivate buildings under process of erec-
during the pust six me@uths has been

 
 
     

PY TRE A re ets Re ee BR Oa

)

vA
#
x

THE SUN. MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1903.

 

, owing to the disturbances
and labor.

At no time has work been suspended on
this building, in spite of the financial string-
ency, and great depression in business.
The moneys contributed for the erection of
this edifice have been voluntary and cheer-
ful donations, amounting to $1,000,000, all
from members of this church and students
of the New York City Christian Science In-
stitute. We have no outside contributors,

Mrs. Stetson told the story of the growth
of the Church in New York as it was told
in yesterday's SuN. She closed her address
with a tribute to Mother Eddy in which she
said:

We, children of a larger growth, unite with
the little ones in chanting anthems of pralse
to God for Her, who has taught us how to love}
how to find our relation to Him, whose omnip-
otence we may reflect, until the potency of
Love casts out all fear, dissolves the adamant
of self, destroys all sin and sickness, and re-
veals nan ast he perfect idea of a perfect God,

H. H. Rogers and Theodore Sutro were
among the non-members who attended the
dedicatory services, The member who is
afraid to make his name public in his attacks
on Mrs. Stetson said last night that a
strong opposition was forming and that its
aang would be “Truth without person-
ality.

He hopes that there will be a chance to
nominate an independent candidate for
First Reader at the annual meeting in
January who will not be under Mrs. Brot:
son's influence, and he wantsa secret ballot
at that meeting. .

“If this attack,” said Mrs. Stetson last
night, “had been made fifteen years ago,
when I was beginning my work here, it
would have broken my heart. But now
I have nothing to fear. I am_ intrenched
in the hearts of my people. Doesn't this
Nata which we dedicate to-day show

Lat?

“If we knew the name of this member
who has made this attack he would be ex-
pelled from the church forthwith, unless
we found that he was insane. Then he
would be a subject for healing.”

OLD GREER AGAIN,

Police Take Him Away From the New
Christian Science Church.

Henry D. Greer, the eminent fakir,
couldn't let the dedication of the First
Church of Christ Scientist pass yesterday
without lending his bewhiskered presence.
He got into the reception room, where
people were supposed to go only after being
invited, and bothered a woman for paper
and pen. He said he wanted to do some
writing.

“Are you a reporter?” asked Head Usher
Thomas, who was summoned.

“No, my dear sir,” said Greer, with
haughty dignity. “Something more tnan
that—a writer.”

The usher got Detectives MoManus and
McLaughlin. Greer told them that he
had a right to be there, and would remain

as long as he wanted to, but hedidn’'t. He
was detained at the West Sixty-eighth
street police station on suspicion. He gave
his name there as Frank Henry.

Greer had a pass made out to “Henry
Greer, wiseman”, for the Interbo roug
Railway and letters which appeared to
show that he had _ been SENIOR to steam-
ship lines about the arrival of boats, ap-
parently to be able to get on the piers

 

 

DR. SENN POISONED.

Surgeon's Right Hand Affected as Result
of Operation He Performed.

Kansas Crry, Mo., Nov. 29.—Dr. Nicholas
Senn, one of the most noted surgeons of
the United States, and chief surgeon at the
Russ Medical College, is ill at the Coats
House in this city. He is suffering from
an infection of the right hand, whioh re-
sulted from performing an operation.

A week ago Wednesday Dr. Senn per-
formed seven difficult operations in Chicago.
One of the operations was a pus case, and
{t is supposed the infection came from this.
Soon afterward Dr. Senn went to Valley
Falls, Kan., to visit his sister and while he
was there the infection developed. He
hastened to return to Chicago, but as his
hand beoame much worse he stopped off
in this olty for treatment.

ISAAC MITNITSKY 109 YEARS OLD.

Records in Moscow Said to Prove This
—Died on Saturday.

Through a death certificate filed yester-
day in the Health Department of Brooklyn,
it became known that Isaac Mitnitsky, a
Russian, had died on Saturday at his home,
77 Seige! etreet, at the age, according to the
record, of 109 years. It is said that records
in Moscow, Russia, Mitnitaky’s native place,
show that he was born in 1794. He re-
mained in Russia untilseventeen years ago,
when he came to America. His wife, to
whom he had been married sixty-five years,
and some of his children had preceded him.
He lived in Williamsburg with his son.

Two years after his arrival, when he be-
came ill and thought he was going to die,
he went back to Russia. His desire was to
die and be buried in his native land. He
recovered his health and came back to
America. Four times after that, when he
became ill, he made trips to Russia, believ-
ing that he would die there. | His last jour-
ney was eight years ago and, after a sta
of six er oneli he was in such good heal
at the age of 101 years that he came back

to America.

He collapsed from general debility in the
latter part of last September and a fearthat
he might die aboard ship and be buried at
sea caused him, much against his wish, to
decide to die in Williamsburg. When he
breathed his last on Saturday there were
present at his bedside seven of his nine
children, the oldest of whom is 70 years,
and there were also on hand a number of
his seventy-three grandchildren, nine great-
grandchildren and two great-great-grand-
children. :

He was known among his neighbors as
the “Old Patriarch,” on account of his ven-
erable appearance, A PARR oF mourners
accompanied the body to Washington Ceme-
tery yesterday afternoon, where the inter-
ment took place. Mitnitsky’s first wife died
seventy-five years ago, and his second wife,
who survives him, is in her eighty-fourth
year.

F. CULLMAN DROPS

Retired Tobacco Merchant Stricken While
Out for a Walk.

Ferdinand Cullman, a retired tobacco
merchant, who lived with his daughter,
Mrs. R. L. Stix, in the Saxony apartments,
at 250 West Eighty-second street, was
stricken with a fatal attack of heart dis-
ease yesterday afternoon, Mr, Cullman,
who was in his eighty-second year, has
been an invalid for some time and has
lately been accompanied by an attendant.

Yesterday afternoon he went to walk
in West End avenue. In front of William
A. Crombie'’s house, at 555, he became very
helped him into Mr.

 

DEAD.

ill. The attendant }
Crombie’s house, but Mr. Cullman died
there almost immediately. His body was

removed to the home of his son, Joseph
Cullman, at 39 West Seventy-first street.

Mr. Cullman was born in Germany and
came here in 1848. He leaves three chil-
dren, his son Joseph, Mra. Stix and Mrs.
H. Herzog of St. Louis.

 

INSANE FROM HOMESICKNESS.

Swedish Girl, Who Has Been in This Country
a Year, Has Acute Melancholla.

William W. Hall, a contractor and builder
of 15 East Seventy-fifth street, took to
Bellevue Hospital last evening in a carriage
Anna Johnson, a Swedish servant who
bas been in this country for only a year.

“She was employed as a undress,”
Mr. Hall told the doctors, “and my wife
came very much attached to her, A month
or more ago the girl became very home-
sick, Her homesickness became melan-
cholia. I called in a physician rather than
send the girl to a hospital, but her melan-
cholia became insanity.” :

The girl was put in the psychopathic
ward,

 

WHEN widows, un-
married women,
and others not accus-
tomed to business
place thelr affairs in
the hands of a trust
company, they receive
an assured income
without the risk and
anxiety that would
come with an arcmin
to look after them in
person.
THE EQUITABLE TRUST CO.
OF NEW YORK.
Twenty-five Nassau Street.

Capttal $3,000,000.00
Surplus 8,300,000.00

 

NOT TO OFFER A FREE CANAL.

 

Conferences Between the Colombian Com-
mission and Dr. Herran—The Purpose
of the Comnission Not Yet Disclosed
—Gen, Reyes Calls on Chilean Secretary

WASHINGTON, Nov. 29,—Gen. Reyes and
his fellow commissioners from Colombia
had a conference to-day with Dr, Herran,
the Colombian Chargé d’Affaires, There
will be another conference to-morrow and
on other days this week before the com-
missioners take any definite action toward
carrying out their mission to Washington.

The purpose of the commission has not
been disclosed; in fact it is doubtful if its
members have determined what course
they will pursue to assist their unhappy
country, Their conferences with Dr. Her-
ran have been devoted mainly to listening
to his explanation of the attitude of the
United States with respect to the Isthmian
separation and the negotiation of a canal
treaty between the United States and the
Panama Republic.

When Gen, Reyes and his colleagues
arrived here they had a very confused
idea of the Panama situation, viewed from
the standpoint of the American Govern-
ment's policy, and they are beginning to
understand the seriousness of the work
which confronts them. Dr. Herran said
to-night:

“The report that Gen. Reyes would issue
a statement to-day is not true. There will
be no statement to-day, nor to-morrow,
nor the next day. The commission has
nothing to say at this tme.”

Dr. Herran's attention was called to the
statement attributed to Gen. Reyes that the
eneraies of himself and his followers would
be devoted to the Bony of the canal
concession to the United States without
the payment of a cent.

“That is not right,” said Dr. Herran.
“I was surprised when I saw it, for Gen.
reyes had said nothing of the sort to me,
and I asked him about it. He replied that
he had merely said that the ratification of
the Canal treaty had not been a matter of
money, but one of overcoming a provision
of the Colombian Constitution.”

Gen. Reyes and his fellow commissioners
called to-day at the residence of Sefor
Domingo Gana, first secretary of the Chilean
Legation. This visit, taken in connection
with the fact that the Chilean Minister,
Dr. Walker-Martinez, was the first person

to greet Gen. Reyes on his arri here
yesterday, is intereeting, in view of the
statements which have come to the State
Department and the Minister of the Panama
Republio that Gen. Reyes's mission is to
secure the cooperation of Latin-American
Governments, through their diplomatic
representatives here, in opposing the
attitude of the United States toward the
Isthmus.

Secretary Hay returned to Washington
from New York this evening. Assistant
Becretary Loomis, who acting
Secretary of State in Mr, Hay'’s absence,
left Washington to-night for Ohio.

 

COLOMBIANS STILL TALK WAR.
”

 

Planning Invasion of Panama if Gen.
Reyes’s Mission to Washington Falls.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Covon, Noy. 28.—The French steamer
Canada arrived here to-day from Carta-
gena. She reports that there is a rather
turbulent feeling in that city, where every-
body is anxiously awaiting the outcome
of the mission of Gen. Rafael Reyes to
Washington. The Colombians are still
showing a determination to inaugurate a
war against Panama in the event of the
matter not being settled diplomatically.
Many reports are current in Cartagena that
troops ir the interjor are making prepara-
tions to proceed to the coast. It is proba-
ble that much of the feeling against Panama
is due not so much to patriotic sentiment
as to jealousy because of the success of
the secession movement.

The Canada brings news that the re-
ported action of the Colombian authorities
against the American Consul at Cartagena
in refusing to allow him to board the British
steamer Trent was somewhat exaggerated
The Consul was not allowed to go on board
the steamer, but this was because nobody
is permitted to board vessels at that port
which are bound for Colon, and not because
the Consul is an American. The incident
has no political significance.

The festivities of the month of Novem-
ber in connection with independence at
Cartagena were kept up against the wishes
of the better classes, although Gen. In-
signares, the Governor of Bolivar, of which
State Cartagena is the capital, approved of
the celebration. At a ball given at the
club a woman appeared in fancy costume,
her dress bearing the escutcheons of the
various States. The escutcheon of Panama
was draped in crépe, denoting that she was
a lost sister.

Business at Cartagena is at a standstill.
Exchange is quoted at 15,000 premium
in paper currency. Drafts are scarce.
A large number of business orders are being
cancelled.

Col. Torres, who commanded the Co-
lombian troops deported from Colon after
the success of the revolution was assured, {
is being tried by court-martial, and it is |
probable that he will be sentenced to death.

 

ILLNESS CAUSED

 

SUICIDE.

Identity Established of a Boston Young
Woman Whe Drowned Herself.

Boston, Nov. 20.—The identity of the
woman who is supposed to have com-
mitted suicide by jumping in the Charles
River at the end of Berkeley street on Fri-
day, was established to~day. Miss Nellie
Wilkins, a young woman living at 50 Mont-
gomery street, called at the police station
this afternoon and said the furs and other
wearing apparel found on the sea wall
early yesterday morning, belonged to her
sister Annie, who had been missing since
Fridav.

Annie was single and 20 years old. She
Hved with Nellie, who is employed as a
stenographer in a downtown office. Annie
had long been in ill health and was unable
to earn her own living. She was afflicted
with consumption and her sister says she
had been in a depressed state of mind for
aan time. The Dody has not been reoov-
er

| flurries of snow fell in southern New York and

 

GOT THIEF AND JEWELS, T00,

WM. WELCH HARRISON'S MISSING
HANDY MAN CAUGHT HERE,

 

 

Three Days After He Stole Mrs. Harrison's
$165,000 String of Pearls in a Phila-
deiphia Suburb—Two Men, Who He
Says Got Him the Job, Arrested Also.

The thief who on last Thursday broke into
a room at the house of William Welch
Harrison, a sugar refiner, at Glenside, a
suburb of Philadelphia, and took $20,000
worth of jewelry belonging to Mrs. Har-
rison was caught in this city yesterday
morning by Pinkerton detectives, assisted
by Detective Sergeant Fogarty. He is
Adolph Waltz, who had been employed by
Mr. Harrison and who had disappeared
when the robbery was discovered. When
arrested in a room on the top floor of a
tenement at 1871 First avenue, to which he
had been tracked, Waltz confessed the crime
and pulled from his pocket practically all of
the missing jewelry, including a string of
fifty-seven pearls valued at $15,000.

Besides the necklace there were a diamond
sunburst valued at $300, four pearl pins and
one diamond pin, a watch, a gold whistle
and twelve small loose diamonds. The
latter Waltz had removed from two gold
chains which he said he had disposed of
and which were the only articles not
recovered,

Detectives Fogarty and Mundy of the
Central Office arrested two men last night
on suspicion of being connected with Waltz
in the robbery. The prisoners were
Charles Borman, a German, whosaid he
was a watchmaker, and Paul Hoffman,
a machinist, of 93 Firat avenue. Borman,
the police say, was arrested in January
last for a burglary. According to the
police, Waltz, after his arrest, said that
these two men got hima job at Mr. Harri-
son's place. The police would not say
last night whether or not Waltz had im-
plicated them further than this.

Waltz, who was born in Dresden and has
been in this country about five years, got
a place as a handy man on Mr. Harrison's
fine estate at Glenside about two months
ago. According tothe Pinkertons, he got the
place by means of false recommendations,
Waltz, it appears, had the run of the house,
his duty being to attend to odd jobs. in
this way it is supposed he discovered where
Mrs. Harrison kept her jewelry. This
was in a cabinet in a drawer of her bureau,

The Harrisons had a house party over
Thanksgiving Day and while they were
at dinner at 2 o'clock Waltz, as he ad-
mitted yesterday, broke into Mrs. Harri-
son's room, the door of which was locked, |
and took the jewelry from the cabinet.
Then he went into Mr. Harrison's room
and got a watch and chain, The Harrisons
discovered the theft soon after dinner
and found that Waltz had gone.

The Philadelphia force of the Finker-
tons traced Waltz that night to a New
York train and the search was then taken
up in this city. That Waltz was caught
yesterday, Daley three days after the rob-
bery, was due areely to the good police
memory of Chief Hayes of the Hoboken
police.

Hayes got one of the circulars sent out
on Friday morning by the Pinkerton
agency givin the name of the supposed
thief and a description of him furnished
by Mrs. Harrison. In this his height was
given as 5 feet. Hayes saw the name
and description and remembered that a
little fellow of 5 feet 2 inches had been ar-
rested last April for robbery in Hoboken
and had given the name of Alfred Wetz.
Hayes sent a detective over with a picture
of this thief and this picture was sent to
Philadelphia, where Mrs. Harrison at once
identified Wetz as the “handy man.” The
Pinkeyton people picked up the scent in
Hoboken and learned enough there to
watch a lot of places in this city where
Waltz might go.

Late on Saturday night a Pinkerton man
saw a man that looked like Waltz come
out of a place on Fifth street near the
Bowery and tracked him up to the place
on First avenue. The place was watched
all night, and yereruay forenoon Assistant
Superintendent Murphy, with Detective
Fogarty, went there and found Waltz.

altz told the police he was 27 years
old, but he looks hardly over 21. <Ac-
cording to the Hoboken police he didn't
have to go through Elis Island to get here,
because he shipped as cook on a German
liner, a way of entrance that has been
adopted frequently by undesirable persons.
He was arrested once for petty larceny in
Hoboken. The charge against him last
April was the stealing of some silks. Ac-
cording to the Hoboken police and Pinker-
tons he is a professional “fit thrower.”
When arraigned last April he “threw”
several fits in the court room andthe Judge
suspended sentence.

 

HORSEWHIPPED THE TEACHER.

Indignant Parent Assaults Prof. Weaver
for Suspending His Boy.

Utica, Nov, 29.—Prof, Robert L. Weaver,
principal of the high school at Saquoit,
has brought an action in the Oneida County
Court against Henry Minter, also of Sa-
quoit, for $300 for alleged assault. It is
alleged in the complaint that William
Minter, a son of the defendant in the action
and a pup at the Saquoit school, broke
the rules of the institution and was sus-
pended by Prof, Weaver, The father be-
came indignant at this action and ten days
ago met the professor on one of the village
streets and, it is alleged, horsewhipped
him for suspending the boy. The father
pleads justification and that Prof, Weaver
acted mpi etully toward the boy and per-
secuted him,

PETERSALIVE, BUT UNCONSCIOUS,

Before Shooting Himself He Tried to Kill
Himself With Crude Gil.

John M. Peters, who was found Saturday
morning with two bullet wounds in his
forehead in the yard of his grandfather's
tin plate and sheet iron shop at North
Fourteenth street and Driggs avenue,
Williamsburg, and who told the police that
he had been attacked by burglars, but after-
ward confessed that he had shot himself be-
cause he was an epileptic, was still alive
last night in the Eastern District Hospital,
but was very low.

With the exception of a lucid moment
during the day he was unconscious all the
time. Before Peters became insensible yes-
terday, he said that before shooting himself
he had tried to end his life with crude oil.

The Weather.

The storm which was tn the central Mississippi
valley on Saturday, crossed over the Great Lakes
and was moving out the St. Lawrence valley yes-
terday. It was attended by snow in all the dils-
tricts surrounding the Lakes, the Ohlo valley,
northern New York and New Jersey, and a few

northern New Jersey. Elsewhere over the country
the weather was generally falr. The pressure
was high westof the Mississipp! River, where tt was
growing colder,

It was warmer generally In the Atlantic States,
although it was below freezing In the morning.

In this city the day was falr, save for an occa-
sional spitting of snow; wind shifted from north-
east to northwest; average humidity, 78 per cent.;
barometer, corrected to read to sca level, at 8 A. M.
20.74; 3 P. M., 20.62.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the

oficial thermometer, is shown in the anuexed
table.

1903. 1903. 1902.
OA. M........20° 82°] OP. N.......- 20° 47°
DIN Gores ese cane 438° 9PM 26° ane
$P.M........28° 48°) 12 Mid.......-- 25° 46°

WASHINGTON FORECAA@T FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
For eastern New York, eastern Pennsyleanta and

New Jersey, partly cloudy, wtih iight snow flurries

to-day; fair to-morrow; fresh northwest winds,

For the DistrictofColumbia, Delaware, Maryland,
and Virginia, fair to-day; probably preceded by
light snow flurries; partly cloudy to-morrow; fresh
north winds.

For western Pennsylvania and western New York, |
snow flurries to-day; fair to-morrow; brisk north- |
west winds.

For New England, partly cloudy, with snow
flurries to-day; brisk north winds; fairer and colder
to-morrow.

es ee eee SE eee ee
eS

 

 

For valuable papers, jewelry, etc. is
offered in the vaults of the

MADISON SAFE DEPOSIT C0.,

208 Sth Ave., 1128 Broadway,

(Lincoln Trust Co. Building)

MADISON SQUARE.

Boxes to rent from $5 per annum up. Also
storage for trunks, pictures, etc,

EP _

AMBASSADOR ATGRANT’S TOMB

SIR MORTIMER DURAND MOVED
TO MORE PRAISE OF NEW YORK.

Its River and Breadth and View—Tomb
Just What a Soldier Should Have
—Skyserapers Not Wanting in Beauty
—He Goes on to Washington To-day.

Sir Henry Mortimer Durand, the new
British Ambassador, put in his first full
day in America yesterday in adding to the
favorable impressions of New York which
he gathered on his arrival on Saturday.
After two excursions through the upper
part of Manhattan, one on foot and the
other by carriage, the Ambassador was
even moro enthusiastic yesterday.

The Ambassador and Clarence Bowen,
brother of Herbert Bowen, United States
Minister to Venezuela, attended the Man-
hattan Congregational Church, at Broad-
way and Seventy-sixth street, in the morn-
ing. Sir Mortimer and Mr. Bowen, at
whose home, § East Sixty-third street, the
Ambassador is staying, walked to the
church through Central Park. The Am-
bassador seemed to enjoy the brisk walk
through the Park. Later in the day Sir
Mortimer and Mrs. Bowen drove to Grant's
Tomb and the Ambassador spent a quarter
of an hour in viewing the tomb and admiring
the view of the Hudson and the Jersey
shore from there.

Sir Percy Sanderson, the British Consul-
General, Percy Wyndham, third secre-
tary of the British Legation, and United
States District Judge Holt paid their re-
spects in the course of the day. Late in
the afternoon Sir Mortimer called on Lady
Herbert, whose late husband Sir Mortimer
succeeds at Washington.

“What has most impressed me about New
York,” said the Ambassador last evening,
“is the great breadth and openness of the
city. Then the great high buildings are
most surprising, particularly as they com-
bine such vast height, many of them, with
real architectural beauty. Your river and
your harbor are also most beautiful. The
views both up and down the Hudson from
the high ground on which Grant's Tomb
stands are truly magnificent, even now,
when allthe foliage is gone.

“It would be hard to imagine a finer site
for atomb than that where Gen. Grant lies,
The tomb itself ia very simple and impres-
sive—just what a soldier should have.”

Speaking of British foreign affairs, Sir
Mortimer said that the British expedition
into Tibet under Col. Younghusband, ac-
cording to his understanding, had been
undertaken in order to force the Tibetan
commissioners to mee: Col. Younghusband
to talk over frontier depredations by the
Tibetans. The commissioners had agreed
to meet the English officer, but had failed
to keep their promise, and the advance was
for the Burpoes of bringing them to time.

“T had a similar experience with the Vice-
roy of Lhassa myself in 1888,” said the Am-
bassador. “After the last Tibetan war I
was sent to treat with the Viceroy about
pears terms. He failed to appear, and I

ad a great deal of trouble to get him toa
conference.”

The Ambaseador will start for Washing-
ton at 11 o'clock this morning, accompanied
by Secretary Wyndham. He will present a
copy of his credentials to Secretary Hay
to-morrow and will ask for a formal audience
with the President.

HUGHES DIVORCE CASE SETTLED.

The Parties Are to Live Apart, the Wife
to Receive a Substantial Alimony.

Syracuse, Nov. 29.—Attorney Lyman A.
Spaulding of New York, who is the guest
of Walter Snowdon Smith of this city,
announced to-day that the divorce case
of Rupert Hughes, author and sculptor,
against his wife, Agnes Wheeler Hedges,
had been settled out of court satisfactorily
to both parties. Mr. Spaulding was the
attorney for Mrs. Hughes.

He said that as a result of the agreement
made, Mrs. Hughes was to live apart from
her husband and to receive a substantial
alimony, although he was not at liberty to
say how much. They are to have the joint
custody of their six-year-old child, that is,
each {8 to have her half the time. Mrs.
Hughes will have the custody of the child
aa Both will continue to live in New

ork.

Mr. Hughes brought action for absolute
divorce against his wife, who was formerly
a Syracuse girl, after she had sued him
for separation on the grounds of cruelty
and desertion. The couple were married

 

 

Dec. 25, 1895, in St. corns & Episcopal
Church, New York. Mr, Hughes was a

writer and sculptor. The marriage was
not happy, and Mrs. Hughes brought suit
for separation, which was followed by his
suit for divorce. The case was tried before
Justice Clarke in New York last month and
the jury disagreed.

The troubles of the Hugheses were aired
in court here in October at the trial of
Hughes's suit against his wife for absolute
divorcee, a counter suit to his wife's suit for
separation. Hughes, who is a sculptor-

laywright, named eight corespondents.
His principal witness was a French maid,
who testified to visits made by some of the
corespondents to the house and swore that
Mrs. Fughea had received them in a low-
necked tea gown. Mrs. Hughes testified
that the tea gown had a high neck and
denied that she had acted at all improperly.
She also swore that she had not written
a rathertorrid love letter to one of the
corespondents, although Handwriting Ex-

rt Kinsley swore that it was her writing.
Several of the corespondents, one of whom
was an army officer, defended her on the
stand, The jury was unable to agree.

HIS DAUGHTERS.

 

FOR BEATING

 

Father Wanted Their Earnings, They Say
—He Is Sent to Workhouse.

Bernard Lobia, a tailor, of 8 Elizabeth
street, was sent to the workhouse for six
months, yesterday, in the Tombs police
court, for beating his daughters, Maria,
17 years old, and Gussie, 16 years old.

The girls told Magistrate Flammer that
they were left motherless several years
ago,andthat their father has since tried to
live on their earnings. They earn $3.75
na week each in a candy factory and support
a younger sister, Rosa.

hey said that when they got home with
their week's pay on Saturday night, their
father demanded the money, and, on their
refusal to give it to him, he began to beat
them, They sent little Rosa for a police-
man, and Ibia was arrested.

 

TWO DEAD OF GAS IN ROOM.

Georrce Delaight and a Woman Asphyxiated
in St. Blaise Hotel.

George Delaight, a Canadian, who had
been employed as an expert stone block
layer here for several years, and a woman
who was known as his wife were found
dead in bed in Delaight's room in the Bt.
Blaise Hotel, at 158 East Twenty-third street
last evening. The ambulance surgeon said
that they had been dead for several hours.

Gas was escaping from one jet inthe room,
but was burning at three others. The
woman, according to the hotel people, was
intoxicated when she went totherocm. .

ABSOLUTE SECURITY

sss. SS... sss SS SSS SSS SSS aaa
eee SS

eee

 

B.Altmant do.

Leather Novelties, Silverware, Efe.

Leather Goods.
with complete fittings.

Cases,

Hand Bazs of Colored Morocco,

with or without toilet articles.

Automobile and Luncheon Cases

Travelling Bags and Suit
Hat Boxes;
studded with steel

and pearlz; Shopping Bags mounted with sterling silver.
Writing a.id Dressing Cases, etc.

Silverware.

Centre Pieces, Vases, Loving Cups, etc,

of Cut or Engraved Glass, with sterling silver Martele

mountings.
Cases, Bon-Bon Boxes;

Sets, etc., of Sterling Silver.

Boudoir Mirrors,

Photo Frames, Jewel
Manicure, Toilet and Desk
Candlesticks, Photo Frames,

Vases and Desk Sets of Golden Copper, sterling silver
mounted, in exclusive designs.

OPERA BAGS AND GLASSES, JEWELED BUCKLES,
WRIST BAGS, MOUNTED BELTS, LA VALLIERES,

JET NECKLACES,

CHAINS AND CARD

CASES, LORGNETTES, HAT PINS, ETC,

Eighteenth Street, Nineteenth Street and Sixth Avenue, fh. Y.

   

 

Fire in E. P. Stotesbury’s Residence Causes
Great Commotion in the House.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 29.—IM. T. Stotes-
bury, president of the Union gue, mem-
ber of Drexel & Co., and representative of
J. P. Morgan, with his prospective son-
in-law, 8. E. Hutchinson, a club 1d society
man, tried to battle energetically with
fire which was discovered to-night in Mr.
Stotesbury's mansion at Twentieth and
Walnut streets.

Mr. Hutchinson’s zeal was probably
increased by the fact that the mansion it-
self will be one of her father’s presents to
the bride-to-be, and that $30,000 of wedding
gifts were stored in a room above the
flames.

When the fire was first discovered Mr.
Stotesbury and his two daughters, Miss
Edith and Miss Fannie, together with Mr.
Hutchinson, were at dinner in the room
directly over the basement where the fire
was spreading. Mr. Hutchinson discov-
ered it and cent in an alarm by telephone.

C. A, Kernan, a crack sprinter of George-
town University, who was passing, saw the
fire at the same time and, although tem-
porarily crippled, dropped his cane and
made a new record to a fire alarm box,
Meantime, Mr, Stotesbury and Mr, Hutchin-
son seized buckets and rushed into the
basement.

Mr. Hutchinson's pail contained garbage
and after the filmes were extinguished by
the firemen it was discovered that Mr.
Stotesbury’s pail had contained nothing at
all. The presenta were not injured.

HELPING IRELAND TO BE STRONG.

Father Finley Tells the Catholic Club How
It Is Being Done.

At a public meeting of the Irish Indus-
trial Commission held in the Catholic Club
last night, the Rev. Father T. A. Finley,
8. J., president of the Irish Industrial Or-
ganization, was the chief speaker. Father
Finley gives England a little dig once in a
while, but discourages incendiary remarks
about the wrongs of Ireland. He presented
last night practical reports of the plan and
scope of the work his organization has done

for Ireland.

“It is time for us to cease spending Irish
energy, Irish strength and Irish patriotism
in bursta of indignation against nd,
he said. He disapproves of the patriotic
societies Src taliea to influence Irishmen
to return to their native country and re-
main there “for love of Ireland.”

“Make it possible for them to stay there
and they will do 60,” said Father Finley.
“Give them something to stay at home for
and they will not leave.”

On the platform were the officers of the
Irish Industrial League of America, Supreme
Court Justice Morgan J. O'Brien, James
Byrne, Hugh J. Grant, John D. Crimmins,
Eugene A. Philbin, John W. Goff, Eugene
J. Kelly, George Gillespie and Josep T,
Ryan. : 4
Father Finley said that if Ireland has a
distinctive national life and if it must be
maintained and developed it must be by
her own exertions, in developing her in-
dustries. “This done,” he said, “and all
the problems of Ireland will settle them-
selves.” a p

Cooperation is the solution Father Fin-
ley believes he has found for the problems
of Irish industries. He and Horace Plunkett
with other members of their organization
have established cooperative banks, and
banking systeme, farming, dairy and lace
industries, and they assert that in the
sections where these federations have been
formed, immigration has ceased. .

Father Finley and thé members of his
commission do not believe that the pros-
perity of agriculture alone will serve to
nettle Ireland's difficulties and place her
on a firm financial basis. They plan to
establish at an early date factories for the
production of linen and wools and later
to take up other industries.

Father Finley was followed by Major
John Byrne, director of the Irish Industrial
League of America, who said it was the
duty of Irish-Americans to aid in establish-
ing on a firm basis the industrial future of

Ireland.

DEAD CHILD HAD 70 BRUISES,

 

 

Story That Mr. and Mrs. Ray Fonght and
Fell on It Is Disereaited.

Mrs. Catharine Ray, who is in jail in New-
ark charged with beating her foster child,
four-year-old Mary Conning, to death on
Friday night, was examined at the prison
yesterday by Dr. Sutphen, because it was
suggested tha® Ray and his wife had a fight
and fell upon the child, causing its death.

The doctor found that the woman had a

emall scratch on her face and two sii ht
bruises, one on her shoulder and the other

on her hip. ,
The chiid had seventy bruises and a fract-

ured skull, The contusions appear to have
been caused by aclub or a part of a broken

hair. eee
5 Tho child was buried yesterday in Fair-

mount Cemetery.

$10 FOR INSULTING WOMEN.

 

Hoffman Fined for His Actions in Crowd
at Bridge Entrance.

Albert Hoffman, a waiter, of 386 First
avenue, was fined $10 for insulting women
at the Brooklyn Bridge by Magistrate
Flammer in the Tombs police court yester-
day.

Policemen Meehan and Lauterbaum of
the Bridge squad watched Hoffman for
several hours Saturday afternoon and saw
him stop several women. An old man who
saw Hoffman's actions tried to ure his
stick on him, but was restrained by the
policemen, who told him that they were
watching the offender.

None of the women whom Hoffman ap-
proached appeared in court

{

 

gland,” |

TREASURER WATT IS MISSING

PELHAM OPERATING
PORTS 1T 10 THE

 

At the Request of His Brother tn Chatta-
nooga—Watt Has Been a Cowpuncher
and an @range Grower--Seen at His
Office on Nov. 16—Had Heart Disease.

Alphonso E. Pelham, president of the
Pelham Operating Company, makers of
machinery, at 416 West Twenty-sixth street,
reported to the police yesterday that Joseph
P.G. Watt, who for eight years has been
connected with the company and who is
now ite treasurer, has been missing since
Nov. 16. Watt's friends say that they
no not know whether to believe that he is
dead or has merely wandered off, as he
has done on several occasions, only to
turn up again at his desk when he gets
ready. Watt has had a room at 139 Lexing-
ton avenue and has been somewhat intimate
with Dr. Thomas A. King, who lives there,

“Watt is a peculiar man,” said Dr. King,
last evening. “I mean that he was rather
reticent about himself. He has been a
cowpuncher in the West, has run an orange
grove in Florida and has gone out with
a Government surveying party. Three
or four years ago somebody left him $3,000
or $4,000. Watt threw up his job, went down
to Petersburg, Fla., and spent all the money.
When the money was gone he returned and
went to work again. His company must
have thought a good deal of him or that
couldn't have happened. He was prac-
ROnly. menegey of the concern,

“While he was working Mr. Watt was
very regular. He got up early every morn-
ing, went to work, ate his dinner when
he was through work, played billiards
for an hour or two and then went to bed.
On Novy. 16 he left the office at noon and
deposited some checks at the bank. He
went back to the office and, after a minute
or two, went out again. He hasn’t been
seen since.

“When he failed to come home I called
up Mr. Pelham and we went to several
hospitals and the Morgue, but found no
trace of him. He couldn't have been short
in his accounts. He was a sufferer from
heart disease {n its worst form, but I hardly
know what to think of his absence.”

Watt's fatheris a minister in Scotland,
He has several brothers, one_of whom,
John Watt, is at Chattanooga, Tenn. When
John heard that Joseph was missing he re-
quested Mr. Pelham to notify the police.
Mr. Pelham said last night that there had
been no meeting of the company yet to
consider Watt's disappearance.

SAYS THREE MEN SHOT AT HIM.

Stella Got a Bullet In the Shoulder in a
West Broadway Fight.

Robert Stella, 29 years old, of 147 West
Houston street was shot in the right shoulder
on Saturday night in a brawl in the saloon
at 533 West Broadway. He _ identified
Giuseppe Viochioce of 18 Stanton street
the proprietor of the saloon, Redmond
Bora, 28 years old, of 147 West Houston
street, and Joseph Gunorilla, 29 years old,
of 18 Stanton street, as three of a crowd
of men who had fired at him, and they were
held without bail in the Jefferson Market

court yesterday, pending the result of
Stella's injuries,
Five other men arrested by Detectives

Farley and Farrell of the Mercer street
station were discharged.

Stella is in St. Vincent s Hospital and the
bullet has been taken out of his shoulder.

SUNDAY AT THE PORTRAIT SHOW.
Largest Attendance for Any Afternoon
Yet—Some Who Were There.

It was a big day at the Portrait Show
yesterday, The attendance in the after-
noon was the largest of any afternoon since
the exhibition in the American Art Galleries
opened. A number of artists took ad-
vantage of the day to pay another visit
to the exhibition, which many of them
visit repeatedly.

Among the well known men and women
yresent were Edmund Clarence Stedman,
Mrs. George Bliss and Miss Bliss, ex-Judge
William M. K. Oleott, Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Frederie Ker-
nochan, Mr. and Mrs. Irving RK. Wiles,
Charles C. Curran, Rhoda Holmes Nichola,
George A. Hearn, Mr. and Mrs. Erskine
Hewitt, Joseph J. Little, John P. Gardiner
and Miss Gardiner, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Howe and W. Stanton Howard

Leg Broken In a Football Game,

SARATOGA, Nov. 2%.--Thomas Maher, @
Montreal college student, had his lew broken
in a football match here this morning.

ES ES ST NR REA SARS SE
—

** Let the GOLD DUST TWINS do your work"?

 

1 you would ‘‘get through’! your work anick-
ly, satisfactorily and economically, summon

GOLD BUST

to your aid,

GENERAL. USES FOR GOLD DUST!
Beranbing floors, pen le clothes and dishes,
cleaning woodwork. ojlcloth, silverware and
tinware, poliahing brasework, cleansing bath
room, pipes, ete.,and moking the fincst solt soap.

GOLD DUST MAKES RARD WATER SOFT