the
ined
the

prch

Ce,
the

and

Nev

the

the

 

   

 

 

 

COSTLY WALKING DELEGATE,

THE UNIONS STILL KEEP HIM,
BUT HIS POWERISON THE WANE,

 

In the Organizations Which Have Signed
the Employers’ Arbitration Agree-
ment, He Can't Order Strikes nor Do
Much Harm—But His Pay Still Goes On,

since the arbitration agreement of the
Building Trades Employers’ Association
was framed the expenses of walking dele-
gates have been prominently brought be-
f.je the unions, Some of the rank and file
of the unions had not realized how much
of their money it had taken to keep up
hinery of a union in the building

  
 

  

 

the ri
trades
ij. Jlousesmiths and Bridgemen’s Union
i four walking delegates when the labor
ins began, Sam Parks was the head
at a salary of $48 a week and un-
There were three other
laried delegates with large additional
psiepses. One drain on the union was
nding of Parks to Hot Springs for his

elegate

}
tu!
a
hruited expenses,

}

f}ese and other expenses have depleted
the treasury of the union and the men who
are now on strike feel very bitterly about
tl» way the money has been wasted. One
of them said yesterday:

“\While for years we have been paying
into the treasury and our walking dele-
ges have been living in fine style, now
when We are out of work there is no money
for us. L believe that the end of high
salaried walking delegates has come.”

\\ hile the rank and file in some of the
unions in the building trades are grum-
ling at the constant payment by the day
of committeemen and walking delegates,
the officers of the unions will not admit
that there is any movement toward econ-
ors \ new walking delegate of the
Iyotherhood of Painters has just been
appointed, at a salary of $35 a week.
is does not look as if there was any
economy going on in the management
of the unions.

ij. SUN told on Sunday how the rank
and file of some of the unions in the Brother-
hood of Carpenters are protesting against
| sing the number of walking dele-
fal rhis is the most expensively run
ratonal union in the United States, and
di

      

1.@ of the plain members of the union
nt see why it should be.
(bout forty unions in the building trades
have signed the arbitration agreement of
} lovers’ association,

Under this agreement there is less for

the walking delegates to do than under
the old system, when a walking delegate
Could go out of a morning and order a dozen
strikes, but the walking delegate system
is still kept up. A member of one of the

tinions said yesterday’

“There was @ movement as soon as the
unions began to sign the arbitration agree-
ment to eliminate the walking delegates
aid have shop stewards instead, but it died
out

The delegates of about twelve of the
unions which have signed the arbitration
fgreement are organited as the Board of
Lepresentatives of the Building Trades of
New York and Vicinity, and are supposed
to meet twice a week, but they have little
or fount to do, as they cannot order any
strikes. They are recognized in a perfunc-
tory way by the sled Association,
but they have practically no mandatory
powers

 

COLORADO MINERS ACCEPT.

Will Return to Work This Morning Under
a New Schedule.

DENVER, Col., Nov. 20.—By an over-
whelming majority the local unions in the
northern coal fields have decided to accept
the proposition of the operators andthe
strikers will return to work to-morrow on
the new schedule with an eight-hour day.
The meeting of the unfons was well attended.
The vote was the direct result of a tele-
gram from atrike headquarters in District

 

i>, signed by President Howells. This
is supposed to have resulted from peremp-
tory telegraphic instructions from John
Mitchel!. The district produces 6,000 tons
of coal a day, The price of coal will be
raised $1 a ton in Denver, which takes 79
per cent. of the output.

Trrnipap, Col. Nov. 20.—County Judge
Lindsey has denied the application of the
strike agitators for an injunction to restrain
the Vietor Fuel Company from preventing

them going through its property to the

towns of Hastings and Delagua. The Court
held that the agitators’ business in the
eomps was professed to be a charity in
establishing a relief tent for strikers, and

this could be accomplished by going over a
jongerand rougher road. Any damage that
might be done by the company 8 refusal to
permit them to use the direct approach to
the camps would not be irreparable and
redress would not be difficult to obtain.

Pvuento, Col., Nov. 20.—With the closin
down of the wire mill at the Colorado Fue
and Iron plant, the last of the producin
departments of the steel plant has cease:
operations. Not another pound of steel
or other product will be made at present.
it is understood that the company will take
advantage of conditions incident to the
strike to repair the entire plant. Only a
few hundred men will be employed where
a short time ago €,000 men drew wages.

LABOR FEDERATION CRITICISED.

 

Steam Fitters and Cloth Spongers Think
It Did Them InJustice.

Some dissatisfaction was expressed at
yesterday’s meeting of the Central Fed-
erated Union over the result of the con-
vention of the American Federation, just
ended. Delegate Enkresser of the Enter-
prise Association of Steam Fitters spoke
with great bitterness of the refusal of the
convention to grant the steamfitters a
national charter.

“We have 3,000 members in our organi-
vation,” he said, “and we get the highest
wages, $4.50 a day for journeymen and $2.65
for helpers. If the federation does not
see fit to give us a national charter we
rnay join another national body.”

He said afterward that the other national

body he referred to was the National Build- | .,qeavored to purchase one of the most

ing Trades Council.

Recording Secretary James Archibald,

pi a

Se

representing the Brotherhood of Painters, |

said that his organization could not be ex-
pected to have much sympathy with. the
Steam Fitters because they were the princi-
1a! opponents of the Brotherhood when the
latter was engaged in a fight with the “rot-
‘en and corrupt board of walking delegates
of this city.” ¥

Enkresser did not get the C. F. U. to take
anv action, Delegate Breier of the Cloth
Spongers’ Union, said that he had also a
crow to pick with the A. F. of L. because
it had refused his union a charter.

 

SCRANTON LABOR PROTESTS.

 

Central Union Says the Lockout of Hed
Carriers Means War on All Unten Men.
SCRANTON, Pa., Nov. 20,—The Central

Labor Union of this city this. afternoon

issurd a statemerit to the effect that the
Builders’ Exchange has entered upon a
systematic effort to uproot all unionism

in the building trade in Scranton and neigh-
borhood.

The cause of this statement is the lockout
of all the hod carriers in the city by the
Master masons. The Central Labor Union
Sivys that the Builders’ Exchange has
started with the weakest union in the city,
% us to be sure of victory. This once out
of the way, the other unions will be attacked
1) turn.

lhe master masons say that they locked

' the hod carriers because the latter

vol to putting on airs” and when asked

it a piece of iron or to move a plank
ised to) do so, sayin “that was

t their trade.” They decided to get

of men who will not obey the smallest

‘ier. The lockout is the result of a move-

it started here months ago to check
© fever of unionism that has been raging
~cranton for years.

 

LABOR WON'T GO INTO POLITICS.

Socialism’s Good Enough, Say Most Meme
bers of the C. F. U.

The political aspirations of the Central
Federated Union aroused by the last Sun-
day’s speeches of the fraternal delegates
from the British trades union congress
were killed at yesterday's meeting of the
C. F, U. The chairman, who had been
instructed to appoint a committee of So-
cialists, Democrats and Republicans to
find out how to go into politics, announced
that he had the names ready. The Social-
ists, however, had decided that socialism
was the only thing for the labor unions,
hence there was no need for any labor
party.

The chairman started by naming the
Socialist members of the committee. They
were Delegates Oberwager, Kaufman,
Richards, Detlif and Kilgus.

“Socialism is good enough for me,”
said Kilgus. “I can't serve on the com-
mittee.” [Applause from the Socialists.)

Detlif also declined. Kaufman said he
had voted the Socialist ticket, but was not
affiliated with any party, and was willing
to serve. The remaining members also
declined to serve and the appointment was
offered to one or two other Socialists, with
the same result.

James Hand of the Carriage and Wagon
Drivers’ Union, who moved for the ap-
pointment of the committee last week,
was the first man to represent the Demo-
crats. He said he was willing, but added:

I expected we could hardly pull this
thing through.”

James Holland was willing, but Robert
M. reap bed of Typographical Union No. 6,
declined.

_ “There are 700,000 voters in the Greater
New York,” he said, “and it is questionable
if 100,000 of these represent organized labor.
If you go to the polls witha handful of men
you'll be laughed at.”

Other delegates to whom the job was
offered declined it, and {t was finally decided
to reconsider the motion of last week.
Then the whole matter was tabled.

—

SAYS IT IS RETRIBUTION.

 

 

Marine Machinists’ Delegate on the Closing
of the Townsend-Downey Yards.

Jamas Wilson, delegate of the Inter-
national Association of Machinists, whose
long strike was largely responsible for the
shut down in the Townsend-Downey ship-
building yards, talked about this at the
Central Federated Union’s meeting yester-
day.

Wilson said he did not want to gloat over
the state of affairs in the Townsend-Downey
yards, but it looked to him like retribution.
Wallace Downey of the company was the
chief opponent of the demand of the ma-

chinists for a minimum wage scale of $3
a day in the Sey erae

When the machinists’ strike was ordered,
the C. F. U. appointed a committee to ar-
range about calling a sympathetic strike
of the other trades. The other trades re-
fused to quit in such a cause. But Wilson
did not mention that yesterday. No com-
ment was made on his report.

 

WILL FIGHT MINERS’ UNION.

 

Utah Operators Prepare for Long Struggle
—Miners May Be Evicted.

SaLt Lake, Utah, Nov, 29.—All negotia-
tions toward ending the coal miners’ strike
have been declared off. The operators,
through President Kramer, declined to
treat with the miners’ union, and have
laid their plans for an all winter fight.

Clashes between miners and the troops
are expected to-morrow when an attempt
is made to evict the miners from their
homes. Feeling is bitter over this proposi-
tion, The miners say that they own the
houses which stand on i prearns owned by
the coal companies, ules were taken
out of several of the big mines to-day,
and salaried employees were dlechar ged.
Big reductions were made in the working
forces of the railroads and every prepara-
tion made for a long siege.

Telegrams have been sent to John Mitchell
by both strikers and State officials urging
him to start for Utah at once and use his
good offices in arranging a settlement.

 

A LAKE FOR PRINCETON
To Be Constructed Soon and Probably
With Mr. Carnegie’s Money.

PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 20.—A report
has reached Princeton that bids have been
placed in Philadelphia by agents of Andrew
Carnegie for constructing an artificial
lake on the marsh lands south of the campus.
President Wilson when questioned about
the matter did not deny that the lake
would be built in the near future, but said
that if the lake should be constructed it
would not be constructed with the uni-
versity’s money, but by private capital.

Mr. Carnegie's agent was in town last
week, presumably to take up options se-
cured fast spring. The lake can easily be
built by erecting a dam at the foot of the
marsh lands near Kingston and by flooding
the lowland with water from the Delaware
and Raritan Canal. A body of water four
miles in length and about a mile wide would
thus be formed, which would make an ideal
place for the Tigers to develop crews similar
to those of Yale and Harvard.

It is rumored that Mr. Carnegie is willin
to spend at least $285,000 on the lake and it
is thought that it would not cost much
more to build it, for the land which it would
cover is practically worthless. The faculty
feel that the money could be expended to
better advantage in building up depart-
ments of study in the university, but there
is no doubt that the lake would help the
college in many respects.

 

CANFIELD WANTED TO BUY IT,

 

He Made an Offer for the I. Gifford Ladd
Place in Providence.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Nov. 20.—It has been
learned that Richard A. Canfield, well
known where games of chance are played,

famous show places in the fashionable
part of this city. This is the I, Gifford Ladd
estate on Young Orchard avenue, Be-
fore Mr. Ladd secured the property Can-
field made an offer for the place, but it was
refused, although it is said the sum he was
willing to pay was well worth looking at
more than once,

After Mr. Ladd got the property Canfield
tried to induce him to dispose of the estate
to him, but without success. Canfield,
when seen to-day, admitted that he had
endeavored to buy the place, but said that
this was hefore it had been remodelled
and that he would not now purchase it,
or accept it in any circumstances, as the
ie tiodch magnificent, was not suited
to his purpose.

 

 

 

CROW DOG ROBS POST OFFICE.
He Isa Son of Gid Crow Dog, Who Killed

Spotted Tall.

GrrEenwoop, 8S. D., Nov. 29.—Charles
Crow Dog, a full blooded Sioux Indian
and son of Old Crow Dog, the famous war
chieftain, who killed Spotted Tail, was
arrested here yesterday, charged with
robbing the post office at this place.

He is said to have got $6 and a lot of
stamps. He also carried off a large amount
of merchandise from the store in which
the post office is. The Sioux Indian police

captured him. |

 

Harvester Works Men Lalfd ¢:..

CHICAGO, Nov. 29.—Because of a shortage |
of orders 1,500 laboring men were laid off
yesterday afternoon at the South-Deering
plant of the International Harvester Com-
pany. A surplus of manufactured stock, |
coupled with small demand, is the only
reason given out by the officials of the
company.

   
   

= Pep

we
C.F. MORPHY COMES BACK MUM

MAY TELL M'CARREN TO-DAY
WHO'LL BE POLIOE HEAD.

 
 

 

 

Doesn’t Know That Col. McClellan Has
Decided Yet on Any Appointments
—MoClellan to Speak at McCarren
Dinner—New Senlor Inspector of Police

Charles F. Murphy got back to New York
at 90'clock last night. Mayor-elect McClel-
lan will come over from Washington this
morning and will make a speech at the din-
ner to Senator Patrick H. MoCarren at the
Brooklyn Academy of Musio to-night. The
McCarren dinner is the cause of Mr. Mur-
phy’s return at this time, as well as of Mr.
McClellan's trip, Both want to do honor to
the Brooklyn leader who took up the cam-
paign for McClellan when the McLaughlin
organization took to the path of the bolter.

When Mr. Murphy got to Washington
yesterday he went direct to the Shoreham,
where he spent two hours with Col.
McClellan,
Murphy's party, including Mrs. Murphy
and her daughter, Miss Graham, did not
stop off at Washington, but came on to
New York, arriving some hours ahead of
Mr. Murphy. Barring some reporters Mr.
Murphy had no company on the Congres-
sional Limited, which landed him in town
on schedule time. No one met him at the
railway station. He drove alone to his
house in East Seventeenth street and at
10:20 o’clock was abed.

Mr. Murphy always wears a healthy
look. Two weeks at the springs had bur-
nished that appearance and he was in ex-
cellent spirits when he got back on Man-
hattan Island again.

“Col. McClellan is giving a good deal of
his time to a consideration of appoint-
ments,” said Mr. Murphy. “I don’t know
that he has decided on any and I think
it will be some days before he makes any
‘announcements. He'll be over to-morrow
for the McCarren dinner. Golf is one of
the best games——”

“What have you to say about the stories
that New York is to be a wide open town?”
asked a reporter.

“If you'll read the Tammany platform
you'll discover just what an administration
a Democratic Mayor is going to give New
York.” said Mr. Murphy. “The heavy
fall of snow spoiled golf at Hot Springs,
but I see there’s none here and——”

“What do you think¥of Mr. Cleveland's
letter?”

“I don't care to say anything about it at
present.”

Of his plans for the week Mr. Murphy
said: “I'll be at Tammany Hall to-morrow
morning and will be at my desk there every
ay this week.”

ll the followers will be at the Wigwam
to-day to learn if Mr. Murphy is going to
give any answers to their questions about

laces. Sometime before evening Mr.
urphy expects to see Senator McCarren
It was understood when Murphy and Mc-
Clellan left New York that the Police Com-

missioner, if agreed on, would not be an-
nounced until Senator McCarren had been

told first. Up to last night Senator Mc-
Carren didn’t know, but he may find out
to-day.

The senior police inspector who will dis-

place Moses Cortright under the new ad-
ministration will be a close friend of Senator
McCarren, according to good report, Much
of the detail now handled by Commissioner
Greene will be put on the inspector.

While Mr. Murphy has decided to spend
this week in New York, it is understood
that he will go to Atlantio City later, and
Col, McClellan will join him there for a few

ays.

M’CARREN’S MAILED FIST.

 

 

Movement to Retire McLaughlin Men
From 23st District Leadership.

Magistrate Henry J. Furlong has begun
a movement to retire Election Commis-
sioner John McGuire and James P. Sinnott
from the leadership of the Twenty-first
Assembly district in Kings county. At the
meeting of the Kings County Democratic
general committee, when the question of
the indorsement of Messrs. Grout and
Fornes was considered and the vote of every
man was watched with interest and when
the main issue was as to whether Hugh
McLaughlin or Senator P. H. McCarren
would win out, James P. Sinnott and his
fellow delegates from the Twenty-first
Assembly district, with the exception of
Magistrate Furlong, voted for McLaughlin,
and it was these votes that gave McLaughlin
a majority of sevenover McCarren. Sinnott
and his friends cast fourteen votes for
McLaughlin.

Subsequently Senator McCarren secured
control of the organization and his followers
have not forgotten the way Sinnott
acted on the night of the General Committee
meeting, especially as the night before
Sinnott, it is said, had promised to be with
Senator McCarren. Magistrate Furlong,
the only delegate from the Twenty-first
Assembly district to vote for McCarren
on that occasion, has ever since been layin,

lans to retire both Sinnott and the re.
feader of the district, Election Commis-
sioner John McGuire. He desired to show
his strength before the McCarren dinner
at the Academy of Music to-night and also
before the reorganization of the Demo-
cratic General Committee, which will take
place to-morrow night. On Saturday he
sent out invitations to his friends to meet
him yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of organizing a regular Democratic or-
ganization.

The meeting was held at Fulton and
Hendrix streets, East New York, yesterday
afternoon. pagie a Furlong was de-
lighted to see the large number of Demo-
crats who had responded -éo his call. He
told them it was time for Democrats to
get together in the interest of the organiza-
tion. e recited the facts as given above
and then those present enrolled in the
new organization, which is to be known
as the Twenty-first Assembly District
Regular Democratic Organization. Magis-
trate Furlong said that about 600 enrolled
yesterday and that this means there will

© a big change in the management of
Democratic affaira in the East New York
district. These officers were then elected:
Cornelius Ahern, a railroad man, president;
Henry French and August Ehlers, v
presidents; Jacob J. Gotthelf, recording
secretary and Joseph Falk, treasurer. |

Magi-trate Furlong and many of the
prominent Democrats of that district
will have seats at the dinner given to Sena-
tor McCarren to-night. It was said Jast
night that the new organization has the
backing of Senator McCarren and that
every Democrat that wants to be regular
must join the new organization. It was
also said that at the next primary a big
fight would be made to elect Magistrate
Furlong as the Democratio leader of the
Twenty-first district. te lit

 

TO TAKE REDUCED WAGES,

 

Many Mills in the Monongahela Valicy
Ordered to Start Up.

McKEESPoORT, Pa., Nov. 20.—Many mills
that have been idle in the Monongahela
Valley have been ordered to resume. The
plate workers of the W. Dewees Woods
will start this week with a 30 per cent. re-
duction and amaller reductions have been
ordered in their other departments.

The Demmier tin plate pliant of the Ameri-
can Tin Plate Company has been idle two
weeks because the men refused to accept
a 20 per cent. reduction. They will go to
work now.

Nearly every independent coke concern
in Fayette county_has reduced wages.
Last Christmas the H. C. Frick Coke Com-
pany advanced wages which affected every
coke worker in the Connellsville region.
It is now known that the Frick company
will reduce wages at the Ist of the year.
A cut of 10 per cent. is anticipated.

Lor "

 
 

 

The other members of Mr. |

ee

« M

POLITICAL NOTES.

Grover Cleveland is a Jerseyman by birth.
Jerseymen have never had a President of
the United States. Cleveland's friends say
that no Federal administrations since the Civil
War were freer from political scandals than
yore the two when he held the post of Presi-

ent.

The Presidents of the United States have
come from Virginia, Massachusetts, Ten-
nessee, New York, Ohio, Louisiana, New
feces Pennsylvania, Illinois and In-

ana.

The Democrats in the recent guberna-
torial campaign in Maryland had the fol-
lowing for a political ditty:

Nigger in the woodpile,
Nigger in tho stable;
Nigger at the White House,
Nigger at the table.

 

The negro Republicans of Rochester, N. Y.
have organized the Douglass League, taking
the name of the famous orator Frederick
Douglass with these words of his for their
motto: “The Republican party, the ship; all
else, the sea.”

The Republican national committee is
to assemble at the Arlington Hotel, Wash-
ington, Dec, 11, to select a time and place for
the next Republican national convention.
These cities, it is said, are to ask for the con-
vention: Chicago, New York, Pittsburg, St.
Louis, Milwaukee, Detroit and San Fran-
cisco.

The New York Republican county com-
mittee had enough left in the treasury after
the recent municipal campaign to buy twenty-
four camp stools.

 

Representative John Wesley Gaines, Demo-
crat, Sixth district, Tennessee, has introduced
again that ancient resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States to the effect that the President shall
hold his office during one term of six years
and not be subject to reelection or to any
subsequent election. This was a provision
in the Constitution of the Confederate States.

 

Smith M. Weed of Clinton county, N. Y.,
Democrat, associate of Samuel J. Tilden,
Daniel Manning, William C. Whitney, Abram
8. Hewitt, Edward Cooper and other old time
Democrats, said at the Waldorf-Astoria the
other night:

“Cleveland could beat Roosevelt easily.
But can he get the nomination? It would be
easier for Cleveland to be elected than it
would be for him to get the nomination. Mr.
Whitney ought to come to the front again
as he did in 18092. If he undertook to nomi-
nate Cleveland it would come pretty near
being done. The trouble is, the Cleveland
boom is without a great organizer like Whit-
ney.”

 

Tue Svn has printed the recent sayings of
ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black of New York on non-
partisanship at the Marquette Club’s banquet
in Chicago. Here are his utterances on parti-
sanship on that occasion:

“Every great chapter in the world’s history
has been written by a partisan.

“Every great deed which courage and
devotion could perform, the partisan has
done.

“Every crisis that has raised a front 6o ter-

rible and threatening that only the best and
bravest could hope to win, the partisan has
met. ‘
“Every great cause which called for hope-
less years of suffering and demanded men
whose struggles ended only with the grave
has enlisted only partisans.

“Out across the vast and never-ending
plain of human sacrifice the marks that will
be visible as long as mew shall come this way
are the footprints of the partisan; and the {m-
imperishable monuments to liberty and truth
are built upon his bones.”

 

An irreverent Republican in Washington
at the Arlington Hotel the other night, who
said he wasnot unfriendly to President Roose-
velt, chanted:

“Has the President any more at home
like these—Leonard Wood and Lucius JAt-
tauer?”

 

New York city has had ten of the thirty-
seven Governors of New York State.

 

“The Tin Goose,” an irreverent name for
the mace of the House of Representatives,
consists of a bundle of thirteen ebony rods
entwined and bound together with thirteen
silver bands. The thirteen ebony sticks rep-
resent the thirteen original States of the
Union—Georgia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New
York, Delaware, New Jersey, New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and
Connecticut. The thirteen ebony sticks are
surmounted by a globe of silver, upon which
the hemispheres are traced, while a silver
eagle, with outstretched wings, is perched
upon the summit of the globe. It was made
in 1884 and weighs twenty pounds.

The following United States Senators are
foreign born: Thomas Macdonald Patterson,
Democrat, Colorado, County Carlow, Ire-
land; Knute Nelson, Republican, Minnesota,
Norway; Jacob H. Gallinger, Republican,
New Hampshire, CornWall, Ontario; Joseph
Hopkins Millard, Republican, Nebraska, Ham-
ilton, Canada; George Peabody Wetmore,
Republican, Rhode Island, London, England,
and Thomas Kearns, Republican, Utah,
Woodstock, Ontario. Senator Wetmore, like
Representative George B. McClellan, was
born abroad while his parents were on &
pleasure trip.

The two Republican United States Sena-
tors for West Virginia, Stephen Benton Elkins
and Nathan Bay Scott, were born in Ohio.

The following members of the House of
Representatives are foreign born: California,
Seventh district, James McLachlin, Repub-
lican, Argyllshire, Scotland: Illinois, Sixth
district, William Lorimer, Republican, Man-
chester, England; Kansas, Third district,
P. P. Campbell, Republican, Nova Scotia;
Michigan, Alfred Lucking, Democrat, First
district, Ingersoll, Ontario; Minnesota, James
Thompson McCleary, Republican, Second
district, Ingersoll, Ontario, and John Lind,
Democrat, Fifth district, Bweden; Missouri,
Richard Bartholdt, Republican, Tenth dis-
trict, Germany; New York, Robert Baker,
Democrat, Sixth district, England, and George
Brinton McClellan, Democrat, Twelfth dis-
trict, Dresden, Saxony, and Pennsylvania,
Henry Burk, Republican, Third district,
Wurtemberg, Germany.

Bernard Shandon Rodey, Republican, Con-
gress Delegate for the Territory of New
Mexico, was born in County Mayo, Ireland.
Jonah Kuhio Kalauiauaole, Republican, Con-
gress Delegate for the Territory of Hawaii,
was born at Koloa, Island of Kauai, Hawaii;
and Federico Degetau, Porto Rican Repub-
lican, Resident Commissioner from Porto
Rico to the Fifty-eighth Congress, was born
in Ponee, P. R.

Gov. Bachelder of New Hampshire, in his
Thanksgiving proclamation, gave expression
to homely, old-fashioned New England senti-
ments when he said: “let the divine insti-
tution of family prayer be prominent in the
observance of this festival of the home,
whose essence is the closer knitting of the
ties that bind; the higher, purer relationship
of the human unit to the social mass. May
the day be one of pleasant retrospect to the
aged; a helpful, hopeful symbol to the young;
and may it keep alive the fires of old time
hospitality upon our hearthstones,”

Many New York men and women, born in
New. England, had pleasant thoughts of
early days when they read Gov. Bachelder's
words.

 

Moulders’ Union Men Indicted for Assault.

NORWALK, Ohio, Nov. 25.—D. Callaghan,
Charles Fry, Ralph Fry, Reuben Wright,
Charles Greenslade, A. Schwenn and Ed-
ward Brandt, employees of the Ohio Culti-
vator Works, Bellevue, have been indicted
by a special Grand Jury for oe and
assault on non-union employees. All are
members of the moulders’ union. They
were arrested yesterday and brought to
Norwalk, where they gave bonds for ap-
pearance at court.

DAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1903.

1 does the work of 2. §f

a

 

You can do the work of two people when you use Miller’s Soap made lwith Naptha.
Rub it on the clothes (as directed on the wrapper), roll up and leave in soak half an hour,
and this soap so loosens and separates the dirt that a little rubbing, and the usual rinsing,

makes the cloth snowy white.

atrong—even stronger than before washing.

ILLER'S SOAP |

 

but sold at the usual price.
grocers,

The pure and siveet oils in Miller's Soap leaves the fabric

Made with Naptha

Goes further, because it is only necessary to rub it on
once; it is most economical, because the clothes last longer
—no chemicals in Miller’s Soap.

A very large cake—

Get Miller’s Soap at any

For everything but clothes, use Afller’s
Powerine with Ammonia, the quick cleanser.

 

LIVE WASHINGTON TOPICS.

SENATOR DOLLIVER’S WAY OF
CONFOUNDING A POPULIST.

 

 

Speaker Cannon Copies the Senate—A
Much Prized Tariff Speech—The Cry
for Football Tickets—The Thirty:
third Degree Mason and the Umbrellas.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.—They were talk-
ing in the cloak room on: the Republican
side of the House the other day about the
disappearance of the Populists and Sil-
verites from public life.

“It was hot work Gut in Iowa,” sald Judge
Walker I. Smith of Council Bluffs, “when
the Populists and Silverites first came
into being, and many were the strenuous
experiences our speakers had in the early

ys.

“Dolliver, who is now in the Senate, went
once to speak in a neighborhood where
he had lived in earlier days. The young
fellows, most of whom h fone off after
strange gods, politically, determined to
give him the time of his life, if a series of

uestions, properly administered, could

o it. Dolliver was informed of the scheme
to undo him, and he began his speech with
an uneasy sensation. Only a few minutes
had elapsed when one of the auditors fired
off the first question:

“‘Who made gold?’

“Dolliver, you know, is what his colleague
Senator Proctor of Vermont describes
himself as being, a strong Methodist, and
this interruption offered him a chance.
With great solemnity of voice and manner,
he replied:

“The Lord God Almighty,’ and then,
quick as a flash and with a pleading tone,
he continued: ‘Why, Sam, you didn't lose
your reHmien, did you, when you changed
your politics?’

“The remainder of the meeting was as
quiet and well behaved as the most nervous
speaker could have wished.”

Notwithstanding Speaker Cannon’s loudly
proclaimed distaste of the Senate’s meth-
ods of doing business, it is noticed that
he is the firat Speaker of the House
of Representatives to adopt the Senate's
plan of appointing committees. There is
a slight difference in the operation of the
plan at the two ends of the Capitol, owing
to He different rules obtaining in the two

es,

In the Senate the committees are made
up by committees representing each side
of the House. Speaker Cannon selects the
Republican members of the House com-
mittees and has turned over to Mr. Wil-
liams, the minority leader, the duty of
selecting the Democratic representation.

It is a good plan and saves the new
Speaker much trouble and worry; but it
is the Senate plan.

Mr. Curtis of Kansas, a new member of
the Committee on Ways and Means, did not
make a speech on the Cuban Reciprocity
bill, although he has a tariff speech ready
for use.

“I want to save it,” he said, “for a general
tariff debate, should one occur, I think a
good deal of that speech, for it was inci-
dentally the means of saving the one book
of my library that escaped from the ravages
of the ficod that swept over Topeka last
summer.

“I was reading on the subject, and had
the second volume of Colton's ‘Life of Clay”
in hand. I laid it upon a tin box, resting
on the top of the bookcases, and when the
waters flooded the house everything but
that went.

“How it escaped, I don't know. It is the
sole relic of a library that I had been gather-
ing ware 1879, when I b egan the study of
the law.”

Representative Richardson, the former
leader of the minority in the Houre of Repre-
sentatives, found himself recently a victim
of the construction put by Department
officials on a section of the Sundry Civil
Appropriation bill of the last Congress.
This section forbids the printing of cuts,
illustrations or photographs in any report
or document ordered printed by Congress
or made by any executive Department,
unless in the order to print it shall be certi-
fied that the cut, illustration or photograph
“is necessary and related to the discharge
of public business.”

He introduced a bill directing the estab-
lishment of a national military park on the
siteof the battle of Stone River,a map of
the country accompanying the text. The
Public Printer refused to print the map
without a special order from the House,
and that Mr. Richardson had to secure by
unanimous coneent.

He pointed out that the Broppeltion was
not intended to relate to bills and reports of
Congress, but to seporye made by execyive
officers. He probably had in mind the re-
port of a Mexican boundary commission
which included several hundred photo-
graphs of milestones set by that body, pre-
senting not 80 much variety asthe pictures
of a lot of wooden toothpicks, Another re-
port that aroused Congressional ire con-
tained photographs of lamp posts erected
in front of certain buildings.

The Army and Navy football games are
not in favor with that large contingent of
Congressmen who are unable to respond

a
ee SD

to the demand made upon them for tickets,

When the annual announcement {s pub-
lished that the game will be played and
that there will be 80 many thousand tickets
for the West Point Cadets and so many
thousand tickets for those at Annapolis,
every constituent who wants to see the
perme writes to his Congressman demand-
ng enough of those thousands of tickets
to satisfy himself and his friends. And
the fact that Congressmen, in the main,
do not have and cannot secure tickets even
for themselves makes no impression on the
average citizen.

“I wish they would either stop playing
the games or else give Congressmen all the
tickets,” was the woful ejaculation of one
much pestered Representative.

L. C, Whitney, secretary of the Milwaukee
Board of Trade, a thirty-third degree Mason
and a man of considerable importance in
his own State, came to Washington recently
to visit his son, Francis H. Whitney, Post-
master-General Payne's private secretary.
When he left for the West again he remarked
that Washington was a beautiful city, but
he didn't like the people. They were too
evil minded and suspicious. Mr. Whitney's
criticisms were based on a painful exper-
ience.

One rainy day he started out on a sight-
seeing tour. He remembered just before
leaving the house that his wife, who had
preceded him downtown to do some shop-
ping, had forgotten her umbrella. So he

ook her umbrella along.

In the course of the day the weather
cleared, and Mr. Whitney, who had missed
his wife at about six shopping centres, left
the two umbrellas in his son's office. Then
he went to luncheon and when he got up to
pay his check, absentmindedly reached for
the two umbrellas he had carted around all
morning. He found a couple ready to his
hand and was walking serenely out when
a stout woman rushed up to him and
snatched the umbPellas away.

“I'll have you understand,” she said,
“that these belong to myself and my
sister. Do you generally carry two? Oh,
of course, you were absent minded! That
is always the way.”

Mr. Whitney apologized profusely, but
the stout woman turned her back on him,
muttering angrily: “Two of them at once!
the bold ying.

Later in the day, when Mr. Whitney
stopped at the Post Office to get his two
umbrellas, he found the following note from
his son:

DrEar Dap: Was called out on_ business.
Please take home the three umbrellas in the
stand near my desk One of them is mine
and the others belong to Mrs. Whitney. I
always forget to take them home.

When Mr. Whitney got on a homeward
bound car with his load of five umbrellas
he attracted considerable attention and
began to feel foolish. He grew increasing]
uncomfortable as he walked the _lengt
of the car and nearly fainted when he
dropped into a seat directly opposite the
stout woman whose umbrellas he had taken
in the morning.

The stout woman glared at Mr. Whitney,
who tried to look unconscious and at ease.
Finally, after contemplating the armful
of umbrellas in a silence that could be
felt, she controlled herself by an evident
effort and, leaning across the aisle, remarked
in a perfectly audible tone:

“Good evening, sir. I observe that you
have had a very profitable day.”

When Mr. Whitney got home he relieved
his feelings on the front steps, concludin
with the remark that he was good and
hanged if he didn't take chances on getting
wet the next time.

GOT THREE BEARS AT ONCE,

A Slick Chase That Uncle Joe Ferguson
Made Before Breakfast.

Uncle Joe Ferguson of Sterling, Wayne
county, Pa., did a bit of hunting about a
month ago that he wasn't ashamed to tell the
Wayne County Herald about.

“On the evening of Oct. 31," said he, “my
brother James came running up to my place
and shouted; ‘There are four bears down

 

 

in W. M. Stevens's orchard.’ Well, I have
no rifle, but I went down with him and took
a look at the bears. The sight of those black
fellows aroused my hunter's ingtinet, so

Iran to Rob Hafler’s to get his rifle, but when
I reached his home I found that Rob was away
in the wilds of Pike county and that he had
taken his rifle for company.

“1, however, borrowed his shotgun and
returned to the orchard, When we went
in on one side of the orchard the bears wisely
and hurriedly scampered out on the other
side. I said gocd-night, « shotgun is no
use, anyway, and went over to Gus Sinith’'s
and borrowed his 45-60 Winchester rilie.

“Next morning I fed my horses, drove
up my cows, when, looking over on the side
of Gorrise’s mountain I saw the four black
bears. I ran in the house, grabbed the rifle
and away I went. My blood was up now
and all the saints in Sterling could not have
ponped me then, |] took my station between
the bears and the orchard for which they
were making

“When within thirty-five paces of me I
let fly with one of the 45's and over went the
old bear, tumbling and kicking among. the
leaves. Next I shot one of the cubs and by
that time had to give the old bear some more
attention. A shot at the butt of the ear
finished her. The first shot fired went clear
through her body. I next went down a
little way in the woods and shot about seventy
paces, killing the third bear. The fourth
one ran up the hill and disappeared,

“I sent the three I kill down to New
York and received a check of $50 in return.
More than one hundred people came to see
the bears before they were shipped,

“When I went to Moscow with the bears
I had Dock Kerling examine my. body to see
if my gall was bursted, but Dock said I was
all right for another hunt."

DADY AND FULLER AT ODDS.

WARM TIME EXPECTED IN EX
ECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETING.

 

 

Commissioner Calls Colonel Pretty Small
Fry—tTrouble Precipitated by Alleged
Effort to Oust Cohen, ‘‘the Sphinx,’
From the 81,000 Secretaryship.

Col. Michael J. Dady by all indications
intends to make the next meeting of «the
Kings county Republican executive oom-
mittee one of thé liveliest sessions that or-
ganization has ever had. The fight will
be over a one-thousand-dollar clerkship
to the committee whith has been held for
some years by John Cohen, who has earned
the sobriquet of the “Sphinx” for the reason
that he never divulges any of the secrets
of the committee. (

Cohen lives in the Tenth Assembly dis-
trict and up to last September was a fol-
lower of ex-Police Commissioner William
E., Phillips, who was one of Dady's: chief
lieutenants. Col. Dady and Election Com-
missioner Rudolph C. Fuller, also of the
Tenth Assembly district, were warm
friends until Mayor Low declined to reap-
point Col. Dady as an Election Commis
sioner and named Fuller. Just before the
primaries Cohen deserted Phillips and joined
forces with Fuller, and Col. Dady. then
threatened to get square with both Cohen
and Fuller. Abed

The next Republican county committee,
which organizes to-morrow night, will have
about forty fewer members than the pres-
ent committee. This means a f off
in the receipts of about $1,000. Conse-
quently it has been determined to retrench
in the expenses of both the county and
the executive committees. This is just
the amount of Cohen’s salary and it was
deemed wise to let Cohen go and thus save
the money. When Election Commissioner
Fuller heard that the executive committee
intended to deprive Cohen of his job, he
waxed furious and attended the m g
of the executive committee on Saturday
afternoon, determined that if he could
prevent it Cohen would not be dis-
missed. After the committee had trans-
acted the business it had been called to-
gether for, Election Commissioner Fuller
obtained the floor and fired the firat gun
of the coming fight.

“I understand,” he said, “that on the
round of economy you intend to dismiss
Sonn Cohen as clerk to the committee.
Cohen has faithfully performed his duties
for ten years and is entitled to remain
where he is. This attempt to get rid of
Cohen is simply peanut politics.

Then, pointing his finger at Col. Dady,
Fuller said:

“You hate Cohen because he is a friend
of mine, and because I beat your friend
Phillips in the Primary and just because
of a little political difference you want to

ut Cohen out. You intend by depriving
1im of his place and salary to injure me.
I’m no trimmer, as some people are. It's
a pretty piece of business for a has-been to
try to injure this man in the hope of tn-
juring me.”

Ex-Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff, who was pre-
siding, said that the change was to be made
simply to cut expenses and that he would
see that Cohen was taken care of in some
other way.

As Col. Dady was not present either as
an executive member or representing any
one by proxy, he said that he would answer
Commissioner Fuller fully at the next
meeting of the committee, when he would
be there by a proxy.

“You are pretty amall fry,” said Commis-
sioner Fuller in conclusion.

A motion was made and carried that the
matter be laid upon the table until the next
meeting.

 

Beautifying Fourth Avenue Completed.

The work of repaving and beautifying
Fourth avenue, South Brooklyn, from
Flatbush avenue to Bay Ridge, a distance of
about four miles, was completed on Sat-
urday and the avenue will be thrown open
for traffic to-day. In the middle of each
block is a small park twenty feet wide,
on each side of which is a driveway. The
work cost the city about $300,000 and took
about three years. It is now one of the
finest driveways in Brooklyn,

Invitations

are sent and received

by Telephone.

As well close your door
against the postman as
to be without Telephone
service at your residence,
ASK FOR RATES.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY,

16 Oey Street.

 

Ne A ad ee Mp cera iin