RTE:

ny me

 

sahestinen iieetmenniemeeten ennai ieee

--

The Sass Sun,

WILLIAM M. LAFFAN,

 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER

 

 

30, 1903.

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

 

DAILY, Pef Month... .ccce cree ee eeeeee $0 50
DAILY, Per Year... ccc cere ee ee ee eens 6 00
BUNDAY, Per Yeariooccccccecseeeteeeeeees 2 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year....ssss+: 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.....++++ q0

Postage to foreign countries added.
THe Sun, New York Clty.

Panis—Kilosque No. “12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Cap ucines.

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in al cases send stamps for that purpose

 

 

 

 

 

The Ten Millions.

Why pay Panama $10,000,000 bonus for
territorial rights and privileges which we
could force the little republic to grant
for nothing?

Becayse we have already made, in a
treaty duly ratified on our part, the offer
of $10,000,000 bonus to Colombia for
rights and privileges very much less
desirable than those which we are to se-
oure from Panama by the Hay-Bunau-
Varilla agreement.

But why persist in this act of justice
to Panama, now that Gen, RAFAEL REYES
comes to us professing that the Bogota
Government, in view of events beyond
its control, is willing to concede gratis
the territorial rights for which it so re-
cently refused $10,000,000 and attempted
to extort $25,000,000?

Because, even if this concession by
Colombia were assured, and even if the
territorial rights thus to be obtained
were equivalent to those which Panama
grants, the overthrow of the young re-
public by the same hand that welcomed
it to existence, for a bribe of ten mill-
lions, or any number of millions, would
be a national infamy of a magnitude
incalculable.

That is the whole of the $10,000,000
question.

 

‘A Reasonable Suggestion.

The friends of Gen. LEONARD Woop
urge his promotion to be Major-General
partly upon the ground of merit proved
by his administration of Cuban affairs.
In view of this fact, and of the further
fact that doubt has been cast upon his,
record as Military Governor of Cuba,
a correspondent suggests the reason-
ableness and the desirability of sum-
moning as witnesses in the investigation
some of the department heads who served
in Cuba during the Wood régime and
know the truth about his merits.

Among the ofticers who might be in-
cluded in such a summons the following
names are suggested:

Gen. JAMES H. WILSON, who commanded the
Department of Matanzas and Santa Clara.

Gen. FItzHUGH LEK, who commanded the De-
partment of Havana and Pinar del Rio.

Gen. S. M. WHITSIDB, who commanded the De-
partment of Santiago and Puerto Principe.

Gen. ADNA R. CHAFFEE, who was Chief of Staff.

Gen. CHARLES F. HUMPHREY, who was Chief

Quartermaster.
Lieutenant-Commander Lucign YOUNG, who was
Captain of Port at Havana. ‘

Gen. BRooKE has already been sum-
moned to appéar, and one or two other
officers who were in charge of depart-
ments in the island have been called upon
for their evidence upon special points.
The interests of justice for all concerned
might well be served by making a call
upon some of the military experts who
were “higher up.”

Being called, they should, of course,
be permitted and even required to speak
with éntire freedom and frankness, un-
hampered by that law of silence which is
generally imposed upon officers of the
army and navy regarding the conduct
of other officers, whether subordinate
or superior.

In a matter of such importance as this
the facts, and al) the facts, are wanted.

 

The Deposed Chairman.

There are circumstances about the
refusal of the Senate to reappoint Mr.
MorGAN as chairman of the Committee on
Interoceanic Canals which bring to
memory the refusal years ago to make
Mr. SUMNEB the head of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.

The analogy is not perfect; few ana-
logies are. SUMNER was a Republican,
displaced by a Republican Senate be-
cause unsound in his opinions regarding
the Grant Administration's project of
an Alabama treaty, while MorGAn is a
Democrat, whom a Republican Senate
rejects on account of his prejudices
against the Hay-Varilla treaty.

Senator Moraan is in the eightieth
year of his age, and has sat in the Senate
twenty-six consecutive years. He has
been classified as a Democrat, but his
early devotion to an Isthmian canal as
the main object of his endeavors, and
to a canal through Nicaragua as the only
one to be dug, has made him a good deal
of a non-partisan in affairs which he
deemed of world-wide interest.

In his recent two days’ speech in the
Senate, in opposition to what the Presi-
dent has done in Colombia and is doing
in Panama, Mr. MORGAN alluded to the
no-party attitude he has taken regarding
a canal at Nicaragua and of his coopera-
tion with Republican Presidents. Dur-
ing his service in the Senate there has
been only one Democratic President.
He refers to his alienation from Mr.
CLEVELAND because he withdrew from
the Senate on March 5, 1885, the Freling-
huysen-Zelaya treaty, which selected
Nicaragua as the crossing for the canal.
Largely to that withdrawal is to be at-
tributed Mr. Moraan’s hostility to Mr,
CLEVELAND,

In a great many things Senator Mor-
@an’s relation to his party in Alabama
and to the national Democracy has been
not unlike Senator Hoar’s relation to his
party in Massachusetts and to the Ad-
ministrations of MCKINLEY and Roosr-
VELT. As hostility to “imperialism” was
for a time Mr. Hoar’s specialty, so hos-
tility to a canal at Panama and devotion
to one in Nicaragua have been the fixed
ideas of Mr. MorGaNn during many years.
He fancies that President MCKINLEY,
up to the day of his death, agreed with
him; a belief which Mr, HANNA charac-
terizes as a delusion,

Mr. MoRGAN denounces ROOSEVELT as

repudiating, for reasons of selfish am-

- PP Bere ame ee . - . we
bition, Nicaragua and McKINuxy alike,
and so furnishes ample reason for the se-
lection of Mr, HANNA as chairman instead
of himself. It could not be expected
that Senate Republicans would vote for
MonrGAN if he really believed that Mr.
RoosEVELT had acted in Panama solely
with a view to make the reorganized
French Panama Canal Company the
ruling power on the Isthmus, and that
the “recognition” of the Panama Re-
public was only a recognition of the New
Panama Canal Company.

Much is to be attributed to the out-
witting of MorGaN and the friends of
Nicaragua, when, early in January of 1902,
the French company reduced its price
and offered to sell out to the United
States for $40,000,000. Then Nicaragua
seems to have been dropped by every
one besides MorGAN, who held on to it as
BRYAN did to free silver. The treatment
of the Hepburn bill, of the Spooner
amendment, and of what he describes
as the “protocols” with Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, is very provoking to the
venerable Senator, and naturally.

It is difficult to gather from what he
said in his recent speeches whether or
not Mr. MorGan thinks the United States
bound by the treaty of 1846 with New
Granada to guarantee Colombia against
sedition, civil commotion, insurrection
in a province of Colombia, and secession
by Panama. That is now a rather im-
portant question.

Mr. Bryan's Triumph.

The Hon. WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN
is now enlarging his experience and col-
lecting material for his future work as
a journalist, publicist, orator and poli-
tician, a work which he has vowed to
stick to for the rest of his life. The Hon.
JosEPH HopGeEs CHOATE has entertained
him graciously, chaffed him only mildly
and given him exceptional opportuni-
ties of meeting the nobility and gentry.
He has been received with an unusual
warmth of welcome and seems to have
won what it is only superficially impolite
to him to call golden opinions. He has
unction, everlasting readiness, a good
temper, seldom ruffled save by the thought
of GROVER CLEVELAND and the Curse of
Gold. His exuberance, fluency and in-
nocent delight in himself sting pleas-
antly the English reserve. There is
something in him of the undeveloped
GARRICK, of WHITEFIELD turned poli-
tician. Finally, there attaches to him
the interest it is impossible not to feel
in a man who twice hypnotized and
eloped with a great political party.

Some hasty and inaccurate observers
attribute part of his present social suc
cess in a city notorious for putting the
dollar above the man to the sympathy
naturally felt for a twice defeated can-
didate for President. The theory is
absurd. To defeat Mr. BRYAN owes all
his success. From an obscure news-
paper hack and undistinguished mem-
ber of the great mob of “ex-Congress-
men,” he has become famous, well to do,
the proprietor of a prosperous weekly

| paper, a lecturer, a highly paid con-

tributor, a national and international
figure. He is “Lucky Luck.” Like the
walnut tree, the more he is beaten the
better he'll be. No man is in less need
of sympathy. The sympathy should be
shown to his repentant enthusiast and
victim, the Democratic party.

The cold and narrow views of courts
may make ineffectual the noble ardor
with which he provided a channel for
the extra-testamentary intentions of one
admirer, but if he has not caught a
legacy he has left one.

Here is where our English friends may
need illumination. They should see in
Mr. BRYAN “the most remarkable man our
country has ever produced.” For Mr.
BRYAN was victorious when he was de-
feated. His inheritance did another
take. Barring his opinions in regard to
imperialism and silver, his stock of
theories has been taken up by another,
and taken up not merely with the harm-
less volubility of the rhetorician and the
doctrinaire, but with the authority of
the Executive.

This is the greatest prosperity of the
prosperous Mr. BRYAN. Our English
friends will remember the epigram about
PEEL: “He found the Whigs in bathing
and stole their clothes.”

 

The Labor Party in England.

The sentiment of the labor unions of
England, as expressed in an article on
“The Reign of Labor” inthe October num-
ber of the National Review by Mr. Ricu-
ARD BELL, is very moderate, on the whole.
Mr. BELL is the general secretary of the
Amalgamated Society of Railway Ser-
vants. He is a Member of Parliament
who was elected for Derby in 1900. The
year before, a constitution for a Labor
party had been agreed on as the result
of a conference on the subject called by
the Trade Union Congress.

This political movement, Mr. BELL
says, is not a mere passing excitement,
but “has come to stay.” Following the
example of the Irish party in Parlia-
ment, which, “by their independent and
united action, have been able to gain
advantages from even the most hostile
of Governments,” the labor people have
at last determined to form a party of the
labor members in the House of Com-
mons “on more independent lines than
hitherto,” and “ready to cooperate with
any section who are willing to work with
them in the direction of obtaining any
reforms.” This party is not organized
to “smash” the Liberal party, but to
“force its pace.” It has no particular
programme, but makes “everything
which is good for the nation” the end
of its pursuit. The protection of labor
unions, however, is its «° tral purpose
and really the reason fo. .ts being, and
its hope is that its representation in the
next Parliament will be much greater
than it is in the present.

Here are some of the specific purposes
of the Labor party. Of course, it will go
in for an eight hour day, for which the
mining section particularly has been
working so long and so unsuccessfully.
The miners are now determined to vote
for no one who will not pledge himself to
vote for their bill. Mr. BELL is confident
that they will return “a number of their
own representatives” at the next election.
The Labor party will also make “a more
serious effort to destroy the slums and
create better dwellings,” on the theory

a i a hel ee

\

~

that the decline in the British physique
discovered by a recent Royal Commis-
sion is “due to slum-ism.” Mr. CHAM-
BERLAIN'S long promised old age pen-
sions will be another of its objectives.
The Labor party will contend that if
£250,000,000 could be raised for a war of
doubtful benefit to anybody “ sufficient
money to provide pensions for our
worn out industrial warriors” could be
raised easily and far more creditably.
Better provisions for public education
are also demanded, on the ground that
the recent Education act has only tended
to produce irritation and dissatisfaction.
Still another and very significant ob-
jective of the Labor party is temperance
reform. It seems that of the thirteen
Labor representatives in the present
Parliament the majority are teetotallers,
every one of the new members returned
in 1900 and since having been of that ab-
stinent practice,

Finally, the Labor party in Parlia-
ment, Mr. BELL tells us, are united in
opposing the fiscal policy of Mr. CHAM-
BERLAIN, and at the Trade Union Con-
gress at Leicester in September 460
men, representing a million and a half
organized workers, declared themselves
unanimously and strongly against his
protection policy. This attitude alone
Mr. BELL regards as furnishing sufficient
reason for the existence of a Labor party,
for he looks forward to a readjustment of
the old party lines, so that instead of
Conservatives and Liberals there will be
Protectionists and Free Traders. That
new political division will strengthen the
Labor party, in Mr. BELL's belief, by
making it a necessary ally in the war-
fare against Chamberlainism.

The tone of Mr. BEuu’s article is gen-
erally temperate and it affords a striking
illustration of the moral and intellectual
superiority of the Labor leaders of Eng-
land as compared with the walking dele-
gate variety with which this country is
cursed. The “reforms” he advocates
may be largely chimerical, and some of
them are of a distinctly socialistic
character, but they are not urged with
® manifest motive simply of making
mischief. It may be questioned if Mr.
BELL'S estimate of the political wisdom
of English labor unionism is not exag-
gerated, for he finds in it a “vast reserve
of statesmanship” which only needs to be
called out in order to raise greatly the
level of English statesmanship gener-
ally; but he is entitled to his opinion,
more especially as he does not give it
offensively or threateningly. His tone
is rather modest, for the most part.

 

Either Runcie or Wood Must Be Dis-
missed From the Army—Which ?

The sworn testimony of Major JAMES
FE. RuNCIE was thus reported in the
Washington news a neighbor the
Tribune on Saturday®

“Major Runcre explained that he had acted
as the confidential adviser of Gen. Woop for nearly
two years, and that they Lived together at Santiago.
It was while they were living In the same house that
Mr. BAKER went to Santiago In search of material
for a magazine article. A mecting was arranged
between the three men and ao dinner followed,
Major RUNCIg testified, at which the plan to have
published an article which would exploit the success
of Gen. Woop In dealing witb affairs at Santiago
and draw a comparison with the situation unfavor-
able to the administration of Gen. BROOKE was
formed. Major RuNcIB declared that Gen. Woop
asked him to write the article and that he did so.
The article was given to BAKER and published in
February, 1900, over the name of Major RUNcIE.
He asserted that Gen. Woop knew what the article
contained and that they had correspondence about
{it as the result of the sensation caused by Its pub-
lication.”

The evidence of Gen. Woon's subse-
quent denial of the complicity in the
attack on Gen. BROOKE, his military
superior, here attributed to him by
his former friend and confidential ad-
viser, a gentleman and officer of un-
blemished reputation, is afforded in the
documents made public last week, ap-
parently in Gen. Woop's interests, by
the War Department. Gen. Woop at
firat wrote to Mr. Root, after the unex-
pected publication of the name of the
author of the article, that while Run-
CIE'S act was of course indiscreet and
censurable, he, Woon, would be “willing
to guarantee everything I have upon his
statement that he wrote to BAKER in
confidence and not for publication.”
After the production of Major Runctr's
letter to Mr. BAKER giving the latter
discretion to attach the name to the ar-
ticle, Gen. Woop threw up his hands in
astonishment, recalled all he had said
about his confidence in RUNCIE’S truth-
fulness and wrote to the Secretary:

“These later developments have been one of
the most unpleasant surprises I have ever gone
through.”

Here we have precisely the state of
facts upon which the T'ribune remarked
as long ago as last May:

“If this charge Is true, Gen. Woon ought to be
court-martialied. If he made a public attack upon
Gen. Brooke, his superior officer, through the
agency of a subordinate, he committed a serious
military offence. If he concealed his part in such
a transaction and punished his partner In it, he was
gullty of an act of base cowardice and falsehood.

“That a Brigadier-General In the Regular army
and a strict disciplinarian, such as Gen. Woop ts
known to be, would stoop to such things overtaxes
credulity, In the last few weeks, owing to the
exposure of BELLAIRS, the newspaper correspond-
ent who had written so enthusiastically about Gen.
Woop, there has been seen in some quarters a
critical disposition toward Gen. Woop himself, but
this Is the first flatfooted accusation of a definite
and serious offence that anybody has had the te
merity to make.

“Tf it is true, it calls for action by the War De
partment to vindicate not only the discipline, but
the honor of the army. If false, the Inventor of It
should be hunted down and severely punished.”

A few weeks later when the Tribune
was holding THE SuN to responsibility
not for the main charge against Gen.
Woop but for the statement that Major
RunciE had made this charge, our neigh-
bor again put the alternative very clearly
and fairly. It said:

“This is & most serious charge. It Is unques-
tlonably true that if Gen. Woop participated in the
Runcle attack and then denied his share tn it, he
shagld be court-martlalied. If Major Runorg has
been bearing false witness against Gen. Woop, he
should be punished. If any third party has been
circulating injurious libels about elther, he should
be exposed. The truth about this affair should be
made known."

What does our neighbor think now,
when the responsibility for the grave
charge against Gen. Woop's honor has
been lifted from the shoulders of any

“THE SU). MUNAL, wy

|
|
|
|

 

sy

  
 

iy
y by Mr.

 
  

third party and assumed direct!
RuNCcIE himself, under oath?

We are glad to find that it thinks now
just as it thought then. The Tribune
remarked yesterday, with undiminished
candor and clarity of statement:

“If what Major RONCIE Is reported to have said
is true, Gen, Woon is unfit to wear shoulder straps.
If it is false, Major RUNCI# ought to be court-
martialled. There is no middle ground, There
fs no escape by pleading that the Brooke attack
was 4 small affair and {s outlawed. Truth (s nota
small affair. Military honor ts not outlawed.
Gen. Woop and his friends cannot afford to treat
@ sworn attack upon his veracity as ‘froth.’ ”

What different opinion can be held by
any other honorable American journal,
anxious like the T'ribune for the good
name of the service, and placing honor
and truth far above the personal fortunes
of any aspirant for military promotion
and far above the personal feelings of
any friend and protector of any aspirant
for military promotion?

 

The Color Line in New England.

Since the fall term of the public schools
opened in the town of Sheffield, Berk-
shire county, Mass., there has been much
friction between the negroes and the
whites in the Ashley Falls district. The
whites object to sending their children
to the same school at which negro chil-
dren are taught. The school for the
Ashley Falls district enrolled about
forty pupils, of whom a third were ne-
groes. It is declared that some of the
negro pupils were backward in their
studies, and that on their account the
whole school has been delayed in its
progress.

The dissatisfaction of the white pupils
and their parents rendered necessary
some action by the town school com-
mittee. The committee decided that the
best thing to do was to establish a sep-
arate school for the negro children. This
was done, and a young negro woman,
educated in the schools of the town and
a graduate of its high school, was en-
gaged to teach the children of her own
color. This arrangement seems to have
satisfied whites and blacks alike, although
it involves the entire separation of white
and colored pupils, at least until the
high school is reached. :

Sheffield is as good an example of a
prosperous New England village as can
be found. The town is an old one and
bore an honorable part in the Revolu-
tion and also in the civil war. :

The number of persons in Berkshire
county of negro parentage in 1900 was
1,295, out of a total population of 95,667.
The negro population of Sheffield itself
is relatively small. The authorities who
have decided that the best interests of
the two races require separate schools
are not of the kind easily moved by
merely sentimental reasons. They had
to consider the expense incurred in
opening another school, and the whole
subject must have received their closest
attention.

The incident is interesting as showing
that the desire to separate the negroes
from the whites as far as may be possible
is not confined to any particular section
of the United States and does not neces-
sarily arise from inherited prejudices.

 

The Supreme Court of Missouri has been
stern to editors that have dared to criticise
it; but there is at least one tender and poet-
ical soul on it. A St, Louis man was fined in
a police court for permitting weeds to grow
on a lot owned by him. He appealed to the
State Supreme Court to test the validity of
the city ordinance under which he had been
fined, He also set up the defence that one-
third of the so-called weeds were sunflow-
ers, aD ornament to the city. The Court
upheld the ordinance. Judge W. C. MaR-
BHALL, who wrote the opinion, wove into
it these flowers of fancy:

“With truly rural instincts and with a commend
able and lively recollection of his boyhood days and
tastes, the defendant eloquently objects to the suf-
ficiency of the evidence to convict him of wrong-
doing, because, he says, the evidence shows that
one-third of the weeds were sunflowers, the em-
blermatic flower of our sister State, Kansas, the
queen of our mother's garden, the flower that has
been immortalized by Moore !n the following lines:
“+The heart that truly loves never forgets,

But as truly loves on to the close,
As the sunflower turns to her god when he sets
The same look that She turned when he rose.'”

Apparently the defendant would have
been protected by tfie court if he had cov-
ered the whole lot with sunflowers. Judge
MARSHALL held that if “the city has offended
against the poetic, the asthetic or the rustic
tastes of the defendant, or has blurred in
even the slightest degree the memory of
his happy boyhood days, then the Court
should closely scrutinize the act of the city
and protect the rights of the defendant,”
Evidently the defendant should have shown
that a field two-thirds weeds and one-third
sunflowers was essential to the propor en-
joyment of his poetic, @sthetiq and rustic
tastes and to keep unblurred the memory
of his happy boyhood.

 

 

Among His Books.

To THE EpItor or THE SuN—Sir: 1 have read
Tue SUN with Increasing profit and Joy for ten
years, and now scck {ts advice for the first time.
Literature has always been a hobby with me. My
reading, however, has been of a rather desultory
nature, and | ind myself unable to sustain, with the
intelligence | desire, a conversation with people
Cultivated in this field. The pure enjoyment of
reading such authors as Shakespeare, Jonson,
Burke, Macaulay, Carlyle, Thackeray, Stevenson,
Hawthorne, Irving, Byron and Poe, without very
sécrious consideration of thelr comparative merits
and dejiclencies, ias been highly satisfying , but has
not, in my case at least, been productive of the
best results. You will perhaps say that a man who
can read these authors without receiving more than
Superiicial Impressions of thelr works, both as to
manner and matter, bas no powers of observation
and would better not waste furthertime. However,
1 am persistently ambitious to become a dilettante
of the best things In Engiish literature, and stand
ready to begin all over if Tug Sun will but direct
my steps. TRENREG.

NEW YORK, Nov. 29.

Well, Dr, Johnson's reading was desultory.
Indeed, is there any other luxurious or satis-
factory way of reading? You got “pure en-
jJoyment"” out of your books. What more
do you want? Jf your impressions are “su-
perficial,” strengthen them, if you choose,
by another dose of the same authors. Evi-
dently you are industrious, for you have
read Carlyle. Why do you want to “sustain
conversation” on literature? Conversation
that has to be “sustained” isn't worth sus-
taining. ‘Talk about books is wearisome
stuff, any way. Read for enjoyment. Talk
and listen, if you can, for enjoyment; but
when you have woinen and men to talk to,
what's the use of lugging in books? As for
“the best things,” s0ak thoroughly in Shake-
speare and the Bible; and the other things
shall be added unto you, if you have time.
Please don't become a “dilettante.” He is
a nuisance. Read what you enjoy and let
the dilettantes go hang.

 

Chalk as an Ald to Cleanliness.

To a8 EpIToR oF Tag SuN—Sir: My
laundryman goes over my linen now with
white chalk, thus trying to conceal the staing
his manglers have failed to remove,

NEw YORK, Nov. 28. HS.

    

   

THE CUBAN ACCOUNTS.

 

WasHinaton, Nov. 26.—During the
month of May of this year THr Sun pre-
sented a comparison of figures taken from
official reports of the Government of In-
tervention in Cuba and called attention to
some most remarkable differences and dis-
crepancies in the accounts. Neither charge
nor insinuation of dishonesty or peculation
was made. Nothing was alleged but a
“most unbusinesslike system of accounting
under which defalcations might easily
occur and detection prove most difficult.”
Attention was called to the fact that al-
though a year had passed since the Ameri-
can withdrawal no full statement of these
accounts had been made public,

Later, in September, there was submitted
a review of the history of these unpub-
lished accounts. This relieved the War
Department of all responsibility for the
delay and placed it where it properly be-
longs—-with the House of Representatives.
The War Department asserts that the in-
dicated discrepancies in the figures are not
actual differences in the various official
accounts, but are due to unreported bal-
ances in allotments which were subse-
quently accounted for. Be that as it may,
it is due to Cuba and to this country that a
full, clear and intelligible statement of
our use of Cuba’s money be given to the
public. Eighteen months have passed,
and it is high time that the House should
take action upon the publication of these
accounts.

There is an incident to which public at-
tention has never been called until it ap-
peared a few days ago among the charges
preferred by Major Rathbone. This re-
lates to the expenditures in the Province
of Santiago in the autumn of 1898, during
the time of Gen, Wood's control of that
province. That was five years ago, and no
public statement has been made of the
amount received and the use to which it
was put. For two or three years quiet
rumors have been in circulation in Cuba
and assertions have been made that it was
impossible to make any statement of the
Santiago accounts without showing a vast
discrepancy, except by means of forced
balances.

An outline history of the matter presents
the following features: While Major E. F.
Ladd, U. 8. A., was Auditor of the island,
an employee named Seymour, said to be
an expert in Government accounting, re-
viewed the accounts and was unable to
arrive at any conclusion except that of a
very large deficit. A commercial expert
named Johnson then employed. He
arrived at no more satisfactory result and
is said to have expressed his conviction of the
hopelessness of undertaking to straighten
the accounts, Vouchers and returns for
large amounts were missing, and the dis-
crepancy in the accounts is said to appear
as approximating $500,000.

Another expert, Barre by name, was as-
signed to the task. By assuming the regu-
larity of certain accounts he brought the
figures to a smaller balance than that shown
by his predecessors. Upon the submission
of Mr. Barre's figures to the chief book-
keeper that official flatly refused to enter
them in his books unless they were certified
by the Auditor of the island, at that time
Lieut. BE. C. Brooka, U.S. A. Lieut. Brooks
declined to assume any such responsi-
bility.

The accounts were then sent to Wash-
ington, seemingly without entry in the
books of Cuba, and have since remained
in the archives of the War Department.
Although five years have passed no public
statement has been made of our use of
Cuban funds in the Province of Santiago
in the autumn of 1898,

This is the basis of the Rathbone charges
of irregularity in the accounts of that
period. It is time that all of the Cuban
figures were publisifed.

Pubito Sentiment About Dr. Wood.

To tHE Ep:ton oF THE SuN—Sir; I onoe
asked Gen. Joe Johnston what he thought
of Jefferson Davis's declaration that Albert
Sydney Johneton was an abler military leader
than R. E. Lee. “Possibly he was,” was the
reply, “but he never did anything to prove it,
and his chance is gone. We shall have to
judge the two officers, therefore, by what
they accomplished.” The fact that a doctor
drops his pill box and takes a Lieutenant’s
place in ascrap with a small party of Apache
raiders, or that his Rough Riders would have
been annihilated but for the colored regi-
ments, or that he slaughtered several hun-
dred Moros, does not prove his Napoleonio
genius.

Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Thomas, Meade,
Schofield, Howard, Hooker, Burnside—all
of them and more were educated officers
who had spent four years at West Point in
studying the science of war. Each won his
promotion by demonstrated merit. True,
there were others, both North and South,
lacking such technical training, who became
prominent, but not until they had proved
their ability. Such a man was Gen. Miles,
who, when the West was confronted with the
most formidable Indian uprising in its his-
tory, handled the situation with such ad-
mirable delicacy, judgment and tact that the
peril vanished like a mist of the morning.
What would Leonard Wood have done in such
a difficult situation, judging by his late per-
formance with the Moros?

The most powerful argument yet advanced
against this threatened infamy is that of
Tue Sun when it pointed out what might
happen in the event of a great war, in which
vast campaigns would have to be planned
and carried out, and in which a tactical blun-
der would result in the loss of thousands of
lives and probably irretrievable disaster,
It makes one shudder to think, not of sucha
possibility, but of its probability, if not cer-
tainty. What‘feply would be made to the
wails from the myriads of thresholds from
which the shadow would never be lifted?

“An amiable President promoted an Iin-
competent; his successor, aided by the Senate,
placed him at the head of our magnificent
army, and you mustn't mourn because the
country has lost more than you.”

It is time that thoughtful persons asked
themselves how much patriotism there is in
a President who cares more for heaping
honors upon a boon companion than he does
for the welfare of the nation itself. Tam not
& military man, but I'll be hanged if I won't
wote for any candidate rather than for him
who is the sponsor of the greatest threatened
otitrage of the present time. E.

MONTCLAIR, N. J., Nov. 28.

 

No Sympathy,
What did I care for the cabmen's strike?
What did I care whether Pete and Mike
Get, or don't get, the hours they like?
I walk.

What did I care for the cabman there,

Hustling by day and by night for his fare,

And squeezing the Iimit from bis passengaire?
1 walk,

What did I care for the bloated bloods
In their silken gowns and their other glad duds,
Who can't hire a cab with all of their spuds?

I walk.

What did I care for the cabs that wait
The call of the wealthy and tho great,
Who don't giveadam if it's early or late?

1 walk.

Wha t did I care whether all the cabs

Tn this big town that are hotel grabs,

Get what they want, or it goes to tho'scabs?
1 walk.

What did I care for the many who swear—

The persons who pay, or who get, the fare?

They're all one to me and why should I care?
I walk.

What did I care for the oab people's woe!
Or whether they do, or don't, have a show?
Whonever, or wherever, I want to go

I

Wed. Be

BRITISH RULE IN INDIA.
See
Pronounced Unjust and Oppressive by &
Representative Native.

To tHE Eprror or THR SuN—Sir; “An
Aryan Hindoo from Bengal,” writing in THE
Sun last Sunday, speaks of my friend, Mr.
Mohammad Barakatullah, as a Turk or a
Persian. He is nothing of the kind, but a
real live Indian Mohammedan of great in-
telligence, education and culture. Mouloie
(Professor) Mohammad Barakatullah was
born in Bhopal, in Central India, of an ancient
and distinguished Mohammedan family of
upper India. He is so full of true Hindoo
amiability and an all embracing patriotism that
one forgets at most times to remember that
he {s a Hindoo.

Your correspondent of Sunday challenges
the correctness of Mr. Barakatullah's remarks

on British rule in India, though it is sustained
by the latest utterances of some of the most
noted English, Anglo-Indian and native

indian authorities.
‘or example, let me refer to sentiments
expressed at a well atten Indian confer-

ence, called by the London Positivist Society,
and held in London on the ist of this month,
to consider ‘‘the Htloal and economic situa-
tion of India and the duty of England.

“We are committing on India the greatest
crime that has ever disgraced humanity,
wrote Mr.H.M. Hyndman, “Yet the people of
England are quite indifferent to the atrocities
which are carried on in their name—the de-
liberate manufacture of famine for more than
two hundred millions of human beings—the
depriving these poor souls of any effective
share in the control of their country and the
stea tp destruction of a great and ancient civ-
ilization in all its departments.” “The break-
oF cannot be now far off,” was the opinion
of Mr. Hyndman.

“The loss of the old indigenous industries, ”
eaid Mr. 8. H. Swinny, the chairman, “may
perhaps have been inevitable, but it was

astened by the heavy taxation due to the ex-
pensive system of Government and the high
and increasing military charges, as well as the
great drain to Europe in the form of tribute.”

Sir Henry Cotton, the retired Chief Com-
missioner of Assam, called attention to the
great excitement and ill feeling between the
races which inhabit India caused by the
manner of the administration of justice as
between Englishmen and natives. “Occa-
sionally inoffensive natives were shot at with
gun or pistol, and he had known a harmless
servant, while sitting at his master's door
watching his interests, to be stabbed to death.
In the majority of cases when Englishmen
were put upon the trial for these crimes, it
could only described as a judicial scandal.
During the last Atty years only two English-
men had expiated the crime of murder on the
scaffold in India, and in each case the welkin
was made to ring with appeals for mercy for
the condemned, subscriptions poured in, me-
morials were addre to the Viceroy and
Calcutta society was simply con vulsed.

Mr. 8. 8S. Thorburn referred to the destruc-
tion of the Indi gen ona industries of India by
the closing of analioh ports to the products
of the looms of India in pre-Mutiny days, and
added; “When steam mills were introduc:
into Lancashire the cotton products of those
mills were dumped down upon India. After
a time India, possessing as she did unlimited
raw material and labor—both very cheap—
started mills of herown. Lancashire promptly
did her very best to prevent those infant in-
dustries from gucceeding, and he well re-
membered one little device that was tried by
the Tancashire cotton spinners. Taee ~
duced a weak Cabinet to write out to India
to sliggest that as Sunday was an enforced
holiday at home it should also be observed in
India and the factories compulsorily closed.”

Mr. W. C. Bonneyee, a Brahman barrister-
at-law, one of the foremost patriots of India,
and perhaps the best educated Hindoo known
widely {n India and England, called for the
appointment of a commission for the purpose
of inquiring into the administration of India.
Since 1858 there has been no such inquiry and
in its absence things have gone from bad to
worse. “They were badly off in India in the
time of the East India Company, but he vent-
ured to assert that they were far worse off
now.”

Mrs. Bradlaugh Bonner (daughter of the
great Bradlaugh) said: “The Governments of
Canada and Australia were carried on in the
light of day, but that of India was conducted
in a dark closet from which the most strenuous
efforts were made to exclude the wholesome
sunlight of public opinion.”

*In the Indian Empire,” said Dr. Bridges,
“there is a small foreign bureaucracy, toa
great extent an unsympathetic and severely
despotic authority over three hundred mill-
ions of people.”

Mr. F. H. Skime, retired Commissioner of
Chittagong, a large division of Pengal, spoke
of many Europeans in India who there find
vhemeel ves in a more exalted position than

e
little

had held at home, and who, dressed in a
brief authority, “suffer from what is
termed ‘swelled head.’ ”

Mr. G. H. Sharma, referring to the blame
British statesmen had put on the caste system
in India as a great hindrance to the progress
of the country, said that they themselves in-
troduced a much worse caste

 

system—the |

Anglo-Indian caste, under which the natives i

were treated as slaves.

Is not this evidence enough to justify the
views expressed by Mr. Mohammad Baraka-
tullah, views shared by all intelligent and
educated Indians and all right minded Eng-
lishmen informed as to the facts?

BABA PREMANAND BHARATI.

NEw York, Nov. 24.

Go to the Ant.

To THE EDITOR OF THE StN—Sir; The most
optimistic person, If catechised, will confess that
the present day affairs of humanity, social, politi-
cal and economical, are in acondition of disturb-
ance. Frequently in homes where conjugal hap-

|

piness Is present there lurks an adder tn the grass, |

in the shape of cook or housemald.
home and without the home we find an atmosphere
of bootless striving, of antagonisms, even deadly
hatreds, of plots and counterplots, followed in-
evitably by nervous prostrations aud premature
endings of sad souls. Yet we may hopefully turn
once again to beneficent Nature for light on the
Path.

When men desired the secret of a mechanical
Structure capable of standing the greatest strain
with the most economy of space, they found it In
the honeycomb of the bees. Similarly we go now
to the ant for help In our need of readjustment of
human conditions.

The male and female ants are by Inclination and
heredity sumptuously Idle. They are of the blood:
and of the blood no service is asked save that of
aimply being. To live, to feed, to enjoy, to be
waited upon, such is the agreeable lot In life of the
male ant; such also the ivt of the female. Surely,
a@ reasonable and correct method of life for the
Pérpctuators of the race. But this life of leisurely
refinement and enjoyment was not In early times
the portion of the male and female ant. By no
means. In the carly days there was much of labor,
and it devolved upon the male to defend the
female and to forage for the daily bread. Re-
volting from this menial employment, the males
struck work and compelled the females to minister
to thelr wants. The females, in turn, evolving
from a mental condition of unwilling compliance
toward a passive hostility, gradually, in the lapse
of ages, came (to understand that the remedy for
this painful state of things lay with themscives.
The result was the creation of a third sex among
the ants—the birth of the neuters.
fact of common knowledge that all the work of
the ant colony, Including the milking of the aphides
or ant cows, the housing and feeding of the young,
the organization of armies and the bullding of
clttes, the foraging for food, and the laying up of
winter supplies, is cntirely carried on by the third
sex. And how cheerfully are these services ren-
dered! With what willing feet do these nimble
creatures perform their duties!

No frowns here, no sulks, no strikes. Their
recompense the sense of duty done, and the joy of
basking in the approving smUes of the aristocrats
of the race—the royal males and femalcs!

Here, then, ls true harmony, tlic very e@stheticlsm
of existence. Have we the right, then, In view of
the lesson here thrust upon our attention, to dis-
regard (ts obvious application to human affairs?

NEw YORE, Nov, 27, SYDNEY FLOWER.

 

In an Asylum for Trying to Get Mr. Roosevelt
on the Tolephonr.
From the Kansas City Journal.

The authorities of Chautauqua county have
consigned to one of the Kansas tnsane asylums
another of those lunatics whose hallucinations oper
ate In the direction of Presideat Roosevelt. The
man Is the Rev, Robert Miller, a Methodist preacher.
For weeks he has been trying to get telephone
connection with the President in the White House.
He has addressed innumerable letters to the Pres! -
dent requesting a conference, Just what he wants
has not been revealed, but it ts belleved he would
havo started for Washington {f he had not been
confined.

_—_—_—
No Boom for Both Wood and Rancle.
From the Phiiadeipnia Press.

Whatever the final result may be, whether Major
Runcte’s statements are disproved or substantiated,
after the testimony given by him about Gen. Wood
it must be clear to covery one, and most of all to
those concerned with the disolpline of our military
establishment, that no anny can hold both Gen.
Wood and MajorRuncle, One or the other must go.

 

Unrest,

© restless heart, why dost thou palpitate so?

Is It with hope or fear, with Joy or pain?
Is it bocause the dreary chill of winter

Doth make thee fear spring will not come again?
Is it the hope that the mysterous future

Bolds such swect joys the past ne'er gave thee

such?

Or Ie lt just Deoause | have beon smeking

Too mucht

Now, It ls a |

Within the |

 

h
fo:

FOR A CANAL ACROSS INDIANA,
eee
Congress Aspirant Wants to Connect Lake
Michigan and the Ohio River.
Laporte, Ind., Nov, 29.—P. H. McCor-
mick of Columbus, Ind., who is a candidat.
for the Congress nomination against M:
Griffith of the Wourth Indiana district, has
taken up the plan for a huge waterway
stretching across Indiana from Michigan
City to the Ohio River, a distance of neu! |y
three hundred miles. The canal is projecto{
to be capacious enough for large Lake
steamers and its route is to pass throug),
Indianapolis, Logansport, Columbus aii
mour, terminating at New Albany
below the falls of the Ohio, ;
_The scheme is to employ the State con-
victs in the construction work and for the
State to own the improvement and pay thie
costs, Mr, McCormick, who is one of the
best known contractors in Indiana, has
inspected the proposed route and is con-
fident that his plan is feasible.

 

A Mohammedan's Defence of Isiam.

To THE EpIToR OF THE SuN—Sir; Thoso
who attack Islam are merely biting at granite,
Notwithstanding apparent political stagn.-
tion, Islam as a religious force is exhibitiny
@ marvellous vitality in many parts of tho
globe. The rate of conversions to Islam i,
the province of Bengal during the last twenty
years, despite the lack of proper missionary
organization, has been phenomenal, A glatieos
over the returns of censuses of the = Just
two decades will reveal a remarkable «c-
tivity of Islamic propaganda throughout the
Indian peninsula,

Your correspondent “An Aryan Hindi"
accuses Islam of possessing “a bloody do -
trine.” This matter has been not only imi--
understood, but also deliberately misre)-
resented in Western countries for centuries.
Every Moslem is enjoined to mention the
unity of the Deity—on which salvation de-

ends—to every one that he may come across.

108@ Who accept it are counted among
“Verily the faithful are all brethren”, (Koran,
chapter xlix,, 10).

With reference to those who do not become
Moslemsand also do not persecute them, the
command is: “Say, O ye infidelst 1 do not
worship what ye worship, and ye do not wor-
ship what I worship: neither shall I worship
what ye worship, nor will ye worship what |
worship; to you your religion and to me 1
religion.” (Koran, chapter cix,). Coneernins
those who only persecute the Moslems the
advice is: “Good and evil are not alike: re-
turn (evil) with what Is best (good), and in
that case, he between whom and thee is ani-
mosity will become as if he were thy wari
friend,” (Koran, chapter xli., 84), But when
enemies are determined to destroy the |s-
lamic commonwealth, “permission (for figi'-
ing) is given to those (Moslems )against whom
war is waged, because they are oppressed,
and verily God has Powe to help them: to
those who are turned out from their homes
for no valid reason excepting the fact that
they say our Lord is Allah; and if God were
not to repel some people through = others,
surely, in that case, the convents, the churches,
the synagogues and the mosques in which
the name of God is often mentioned would
have been destroyed.” (Koran, chapter xxii,
40-41).

This is the whole foundation of jchad (holy
war), and other war verses of the Koran are
connected with war when it is declared
Women, children, the aged and non-coni-
batants are not molested.

Islam, with growing intelligence and |) -
creasing knowledge, is destined to play an
important part in the future history of the
Enst in particular, and in the history of
mankind in general, in spite of the desir
of its enemies to the contrary. “They in-
tend to blow out the light. of God with their

mouths: and God refuses but to complete
His light, though it may displense the in-
fidels.” MOHAMMAD BARAKATULLAH

NEw York, Novy. 27.

Boy Beggars in Fantasticals.

To THK EDITOR or THE Srnx--—Si We
don’t hear so much as we formerly did of the
“Original Hound Guards” and all the other
companies of guards und rangers that, clid
in strange fantasticals, used to parade the
streets of the city on Thanksgiving Day; but
we have on that day now more boys going
about the streets in fantastiowls than ever
And the boys who in such attire might make
straight fun for themselves and others, now
more than ever detract from the fun of the
thing by turning themselves into beggars
They ask for pennies from the passerby.

I don’t know where or when this particular

rm of begging originated--I used to think
it was something imported. My first ex-

perience of boy beggars in fantasticals wus a
dozen or fifteen years ago, in downtown Broad-
way, above Chambers street, where, while
walking home on Thanksgiving Day, I wis
met by small boys who had come up out of
the foreign quarter adjacent to the great
thoroughfare, and who held out their caps
for pennies, I thought that this was aA
transplanted custom from downtrodden for-
eign countries, where the poor were very poor
and thought it no shame to ask for alms, and
I hoped the ‘custom wouldn’t spread. But
whether the custom was imported or whether
it is really indigenous, and the foreign bors
actually got it from ours, it is a custom that
was this year more prevalent here than ever

In havpy Harlem T was held up this year
half a dozen times on Thanksgiving Day on
the way from my home to the cars, one boy
holding out to me his mask for a peciving
dish—a pretty neat thing, that—and
came pretty near giving something to that
boy. On my. way home at night two boys
in fantasticals walked alone, one on either
side of me, for a distance of fifty feet urging
me to give them something.

IT don't think I'm a churlish chap, but !
don't like to see the boys bee, even when
they are in fantasticals on Thanksgiving Day.
The fantasticals are all right, and the fun:
but the begging part seems, even in small
boys with the privileres of the day, rather
unmanly and unindependent, un-American,
and sole} don't like to see them do it.

New YORK, Novy. 27. APACHE.

 

Puzzled by the Epistolary Stylo of the Superior
Sex.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—Sirt: Having had
considerable experience In reading letters written
by women, It has recently seemed to me that a woman
forgets the main portion of her letter or at least
puts it in such an Irrelevant manner that It fs eub-
merged !n thoughts not In the Icast pertinent to
the main question.

I attribute this to the newspaper agitation and
comic weekly joking of the ancient and honorahie
“p. Ss." Formerly, by reading this, the main idea
could be grasped and then the letter read Inte!
gently, but now It takes a corporation lawyer >
find the Idea that It Is Intended to convey

 

Won't THE Sun please help a mere man ‘y
giving the tip to the women? L. D.G
New Yorg, Nov. 29.
Oh, No!
To THE EpIToR Or THE StN—S!r: I would like

to ask a question. Does a college education lessen
one's respect for God? One would think that bigacr
education would Incline @ person to have mor
respect for the Creator. What brings the questio
to my mind ts that from observation I have co:
cluded that our boys on returning from culicgs
use the name of God In valn more freely than
before attending. If higher education (save 1.¢

 

| mark!) should develop one’s tendencies to athetsm.

then why swear or use the name they have no
belief in?

Why this disrespect for the name of God?
NEWARK, N. J., Nov. 28. NoN-COLLEGIAN
An Incidental Gain From Our Building the
Panama Canal,

From the Medical Record.

American sanitarians have already demonstrat!
their abflity In Cuba and in the Phillppine Islancs,
and there ls no doubt that if energetic measures be
taken that the country through which the greet
Panama cana! will run can be as effectively cleancd
as these Islands. It is definitely known how yellow
fever is spread, consequently its extinction ts ren-
dered much less dificult, and the sanitary regenera
tion of Panama should now bein sight.

Niches in the Temple of Fame.

King John had just signed the Magna Charta.

“[ didn't know what | was dolug,” he humbly ex-
plained to hisinfuriated relatives; “TI thought |
was ap application for a gas meter.”

Subsequent developments proved that the in's-
take was alupost.@s costly as bls original intention.

Peter the Hermit was living in a cave.

“I did It to escape the janitor,” he whispered.

Fearing his quarters would become overcrowded
if the public learned his reayon, he begged that hi bw
kept secret.

Savanarola was exhorting the Florentines to cast
their jewels into the Ore,

“But,” asked his friends, “what led you to sta"
this campaign?”

“lL had a jewel of a cook,” replied the great man,
grimy.

With @ joyous whoop, the public clamored tv
follow his example,

John Brown had Just captured Harper’s Ferry
“I've made a fearful mistake,” he admitted,
should have taken the Staten isiaod ferry aud by

coiue & popular hero.”
Realizing, however, that {( was too late forache,
he did bis best toward filing a niche in Distery

 

Lofty Rectitude,
Mrs. Glvem--Aren't you ashamed to beg?
Weary Willy—No, lady; {t's the best wey I Bnow
@f to keep cout of debt.