nistrator;
est ment.

TRUST COMPANING,

Ne nnn

jose
Morton Trust

TRUST COMPANIES,

Company

38 NASSAU STRERT.

Capital - - -

Surplus and Undivided Profits -

“3 Acts as Trustee, Guardian, Executor, Administrator, Assignee, Receiver, Registrar and

Transfer Agent, Takes charge of Real and

bz $2,000,000
- $6,000,000

Personal Property,

Deposits received subject to cheque, or on certificate, Interest allowed on daily balances,

Travellers’ Letters of Credit issued. Foreign Exchange

OFFICERS.
Levi P. Morton, President; Thomas PF. Ryan, Vice-President:
James K. Corbiére, 2d Vice-Pres,; H.M.Francis, Secretary; Charles A. Conant, Treasurer;
H. B. Berry, Trust Officer; G. L, Wilmerding, Asst. Secret’y.

DIREC
.. John Jacob Astor,
3° George F. Baker,

i Edward J. Berwind,
Frederic Cromwell,
James B. Duke,
Henry M. Flagler,

G. G. Haven,
Joseph C. Hendrix,
James N. Jarvie,
Walter S. Johnaton,
A.D. Juilliard,
Joseph Larocque,

BXECUTIVE
G. G. WAY
JOSEPH
JAME

LEVI P. MORTON,
THOMAS F, RYAN,
EDWARD J, BERWIND,

FINANCIAL,

ON men ew

TORS:

D. O. Mills,

Levi P. Morton,
Richard A. McCurdy,
W. G. Oakman,

George Foster Peabody,
Samuel Rea,

COMMITTEE;

EN
C, HENDRIX,
SN, JARVIE,

Elihu Root,

‘Thomas F. Ryan,
Jacob H. Schiff,
John Sloane,
Willlam C, Whitney.

GEORGE FOSTER PEABODY,
JACOB H. SCHIFF,
WILLIAM C. WHITNEY,

ee

FINAN

| Orn rn “
(PPL PPI eww

AMALGAMATED

es
a .
a
oo

Is it Standard Oil

Against Morgan?

Is it Secrecy Against Publicity?

INVESTORS will get the facts only
when they readthe Boston News Bureau,
which is the one paper inthe United States
that from the beginning has told the truth
about Amalgamated Copper, and told it

in advance of all oth

er publications.

The Boston News Bureau proposes in
the future, as in the past, to fearlessly

tell the truth to t

he financial and in-

vesting community concerning: securities
publicly listed and in which public con-

fidence is invited.

it is published solely in the interest

of the truth useful

to investors and

daily for $12.00 per annum.

lf you are a st

udent of finance, of

industrial growth and investment devel-
opment in this country; if you want the
facts, the statistics and the truth told
without fear or favor, you cannot afford
to be other than a subscriber to the
Boston News Bureau.

Cc. W. BARRON,

Exchange Place, Boston.

ATLANTIC COAST Rar RAILROAD COM.

Yo the owners or holders of the Savannah. Viorida
and Western Railway Company's Four Per Cent
First Mortgage St. Joins River Division Gold
Bonds, which are secured by a mortgage made
by the sald Savannah, Florida and Western
Rallway Company to the Clty ‘Trust Company
of New York, Trustee, dated June 16th, 1890;
Notice is hereby given that the Atlantle Coast

Tine Railroad Company, as successor and asslen

of the Savannan, Florida and Western Raliway

Campeuy, will, i aecordance with the terins, con-

ditfons aud provistons of the mortgage made by

the sald Savannat, Florida and Western Rallway

Company to the City ‘Trust Compan of New York,

‘trustee, dated June ath, 1809, and of the Bonds

secured thereby, avall Uself of and will exercise

the option given by the sald mortgage, and will,
on the first day of January, in the year 1904, retire
nud redeem all the bouds Issued as aforesald and
secured by the sald morigage, amounting as to the
mincipal thereof to the aggregate suin of one mf!-

Hon five hundred thousand dollars, and that the

principal of the sald bonds, with such Interest as

may be due thereon up to that time, will be pala
on January Ustad, at the office of the City Trust

Company of New York, ‘Prustee, and that the sum

necessary lo pay te sald principal and all accrued

fnterest on the sald bonds will be deposited by the
sald Avantic Coast Line Ratlroad Compans with
the sald Trustee on or before January frst, L00t,
aud that all tuterest on tie same will stop from
ane anor pans date, corittene

By order of Uic Hoard of Directors, 75
ATLANTII COAST LINE RATLROAD COMPANY,

Ky H. L. BORDEN, Seeretary.
Dated June 27th, 1003,

INVESTORS READ —
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

DOW, JONES & CO,, Publisuers.
The Oldest News Agency In Wali Street,

“THE BEAR MARKET”

4 sew booklet of vital facts for every trader
aatiavestor. Call or write TO-DAY fer acopy

Mallett @ Wyckoff

(Ghe Stock Brokers)
oe TEN WALL STREET

HOLDERS OF INCOME BONDS OF

THE

Mexican Central Railway:

The undersigned, as a duly authorized pro-
tectlve committee of the bondholders, call upon
all Income Bondholders dissatisied with the
Offer of Ladenburg, Thalmanu & Co., and with
the failure to recetve Interest on their bonds for
many years, end who are deslrous of joining other

TO THE

of thelr holdings, to deposit thelr bonds
with the depositeric, uominated by tilts com-
mittee A plan will be furnished upon applica
tlon to any member of the committee, Its counsel,
the CONTINENTAL TRUST COMPANY of the
City of New York, No. 26 Broad street, New York
City, or the AMERICAN LOAN & TRUST COM-
PANY, No. 5% State Street, Hoston, Mass.

issued to those de-

value

Newotiable bouds will be
positing bonds
BENJAMIN F. TRACY,
| Cualrinay;
SIDNEY J. SMITH
| ' OTTO'T. BANNARD,
} A.W, HENNING,
| Dp. S. RAMSAY,
\, N, W. JORDAN,
JAMES HAROLD WARNER, Counsel
ae 49 Wall Street, New York Clty,

} Committee,

FOR SALE.

$100,000 Kinston N. C., 444° Water and
Sewerage bands, running 30 vears, on a
434"% basis.

$50,000 High Point, N. (., 5°5 Street tm-
prove len 30 year gold bonds, on a 434°
SIS.

$115,000 Kansas City, Kans., 414°, refund-
ing bonds; $50,000 due 1918, and $65,000 due
1919, on a 44%) basis,

$25,000 Custer County, S. D., 4°% funding
10-20 year bonds, on a 4%°%% basis.

$50,000 Columbus, Miss., 4°¢ Improvement

bonds, on a 424% basis. MB ,
Special price given on application, either
by wire or letter,

’ Address

LEROY DAVIDSON, Charlotte, N. C.
MONTHS FREE.

Up-to-date Mining paper (fully
f{lustrated), containing all the
jatest news from famous gold
camps, Jncluding BIG CREEK &

Thunder Mountain

U.S. MINING JOURNAL,
150 Nassau St,, N. ¥.

HASKINS & SELLS,
| Certified Public Accountants

NO. 30 BROAD STREET, NEW YORK.
30 Coleman 8t., London, bE. C.
CABLE ADDRESS “HASKSELLS.”
Yhivago. Dt. Louis Cleveland Pittsburg.

bondholders tn investigating the real status and |

THE SUN, MUNDAY, >}

CHURCHGOING NEAR THE PARK |*47* Dom

Converts Tell How Jerry MoAgiey’s Mis
sion Made Them New Mea.

At a meeting presided over by R. Fulton
Cutting upward of 200 friends and converts
celebrated yesterday afternoon the thirty-
Three and a Half Times as Many Protest- first anniversary of the Old Jerry McAuley

ant Stay-at-Homes as Catholic, Ace | Water Street Mission, at 916 Water etreet,
cording to Estimates Made a Week | After the opening remarks by Supt. Hadley
AGO of One Day's Ratio of Attendance. one a lively hymn accompanied on the
banjo and other truments, Mr. Cuttin,
i A census of church attendance made by eae HARE SURO BM, HE .
he Church News Association in a second The tendency of the present times is away
au of five divisions of Manhattan Island, soi Sgnveraion. In the McAuley Wacer
show a att } Mission, however, men sinning, drink-
Pr nee according to the association, that | ing’ doing violence to thempel ves, are suddenly
otestant churches made apoorer showing | transformed into reasonable human beings
than Roman Catholic churches. The dis-

again, That is the miracle of conversion.
trict covered waa the section on both sides | ,, Statistics given by Mr. Hadley showed
of the Park below East Ninety-sixth street,

Phas oat people ae to ee Been eee
= . " in the t year and 40,560 nights ngs
and W est Eighty-sixth, street and above | and 52,000 meals were given. . Oe
Fifty-third street with small extensions A large number of converts gave testi-
to Fifty-second and Fiftieth streets. a to Weir CeAVe reine Vt Reuben

The populati aysat ; ; voinson, aged 63, (old how, thirteen years
ana | n pulation of the district is 384,328, | ago he was known as “Drunken Rube”
ind in the ninety-one places of worship on | Johnson, until he went to the Water Street
Sunday week there were 95,939 persons at | Mission. A tall, powerful man of seventy
all services, The membership of the | Said his peopleshipped him away from Ire-
seventy-six Protestant churches is 41,125 tana to f stir to be rid a net apt are?
and the attendance was 32,021, Member- lame . a Uae Booty. : Mi aes Ev a
Him othe ats : ‘ a convert and Mr, James C. Evans,
ship é fifteen Roman Catholic churches | An old Englishman, who said he had taken
is put at 94,160; and the attendance was | part in the Crimean War and in the Indian
03,018. If the ratio of membership to | mutiny, related how Jerry McAuley took
population waa the same that would be, | im away from a bench in City Hall Park
the ey fi 71 Pp upon which he had slept and which was

association figures, 11,071 Protestant | }nown in consequence among the bums of
Stay-at-homes against 31,142 Catholic ab- | that time as “Old Harry's bedroom,” and
sentees, or three anda half times as many. made him a man, .

In the nine Methodist churches in the “Don't go to Water street was the cry of
district, with a communicant list of 3,595, | the bums of those days,” he said, “or Old
there were 4,255 persons in attendance all | Jerry will catch you and eave you.”
day, 1,570 men, 2,349 women and the rest Another man related how, influenced
children. ‘ by Supt. Hadley’s book, “Down in Water

In the thirteen Protestant Episcopal | Street,” he came all the way from a New
churches in the district, with a member- | Mexico penitentiary, where he had been
ship of 10,734, there were 7,596 persons at | serving a forty year sentence for murder,
servioe, 2,208 men and 4,823 women. to work in the McAuley Mission.

In the ten Presbyterian churches, with At the close of the meeting the Rey. Dr.
a membership of 5,145, there was an attend- | J i
ance of 4,034, including 1,002 men and
2,858 wornen, Inthe Fifth Avenue Church,

. Wesley Johnsen raised a collection in

Sister Saulsby fashion, Said he: Did

i
seating 1,500, in the morning were 942 per-
sons and in the afternoon, 653. The fine

“The Lord loveth a hilarious giver.
you say you want $12,000, Brother Hadley?
Madison Avenue Church had 609 all day,
456 in the morning.

Perhaps Brother Cutting will give $11,905.
There are three Christian Science churches

This mission must go on. [I would much
rather see half a dozen churches with their
in the district laying claim to 604 members,
and together they had 816 persons at ser-

icy atmosphere wiped out thanthis mission.”
\ , y f NEW FRANCIS'S DEDICATED.
vice, almost all of therm in the morning.

There were 310 men and 440 women.

in é Costiiest Roman Catholic Church fn th
The one Congregational Church has 205 Le © Chere e

members and got 286 persons to its two sere Ouy Bishop Colton There.

vices. Of these 108 were men and 166 women, Archbishop Farley dedicated yesterday
theremainder being children. At the Uni- / morning the new Church of St. Francis de
yereguey churches, with oe member- | Sales, in East Ninety-sixth street, the cost-
ship, 5 persons attended, about twice . 1, ; ; 7 7

as many in the morning as in the evening. liest Roman Catholic church in New York
There were 375 men and 565 women. The | the Cathedral excepted. The church will
nine Lutheran churches, haying a mem- | hold 4,000, and it was filled to its utmost
bership of 5,815, got only 2,585 into their | capacity. Following the dedication
Bishop Colton of Buffalo celebrated the

She The eight Reformed churches
claim 3,747 members 1 got 2,424 to wor- ‘ ;

; ' rembers and got 2,424 to Wor | Fret solemn pontifical high mass in the
edifice.

ship,
Membership of the _ miscellaneous
churches, including the First Reformed The ceremony was the most elaborate
witnessed in New York since the bestowal
of the pallium upon Archbishop Farley.

Episcopal, the First Catholic Apostolic,
the Society for Ethical Culture and the

Besides the Archbishop and Bishops on
their thrones there were about thirty

Church of the Strangers {s 2,926, and 2,746
prominent priests in the sanctuary,

persons, 706 men and 1,466 women, at-
renee all of their services, \ '
Of the 32,921 persons attending the sey- * icara-(

enty-six Protestant churches all day, 17,- Macnee where, pier eee rete Her

956 were there in the morning, and 14,065 | the Cathedral; the Rev. John Wynne, S. J.

in the evening. There were 10,968 men | the Rev. Dr. McCready of Holy Cross

and 19,173 women, The total morning | Church, the Rey. Dr. D. J. McMahon, Father

attendance, Roman Catholics included, | Lewis and Father Hayes.

and Dad ane Bxenip es 20,057; men, 27,981, The new church is built of white marble

and women, 55,548. and is so conatructed that an unobstructed

F fr a os ty : view of the altar can be had from any part

PARKHURST PRAISES OLD WAYS | of it. Both the exterior and interior show
mixed designs of architeature, the Roman

And Tells His Congregation It's Hard te | predominating. The building cost more
Improve on Them. than $300,000. d
The Rev, Dt. Charles H. Park? 1 The parish was founded in 1894 by the
19 Rey, Dr. Charles B. Parkhurst de- present pastor, the Rey. Joseph L. Hoey.
voted his sermon in the Madison Square | Thomas Crimmins gave the first donation
Presbyterian Church yesterday morning toward Onganialog tt and & hall on Ninety-
largely to a criticism of present day break. | Sixth atreet near Second avenue was #6-
ing ‘phy from traditions and actions cured for services. In March, 1895, Father
¢ area Hoey arranged for the purchase of the pres-
of the past. He said in part: ent site at a cost of $44,000, and on Dec. 8
To begin by kicking at the traditional | Archbishop Farley laid the cornerstone.
‘is to throw down the very ladder by which At the close of the services yesterday
alone we have any chance of climbing to | and just before giving | hia benediction
something truer than the traditional. The Archbishop Farley spoke to the congrega-
young man or woman who adheres to old | tion in praise of their work and that of their
convictions, even though these have in them pastor. He expressed the hope that he
ingredients of untruth, is nearer to the wt would live to see a parochial school attached
: ie 1ole | to the church, which, he said, would not be
Rie Te Caen ay GU en ore Se | HUE aLtnG| PoP Laman aE
j sine “pe : es > {in the parish. er the services Arch-
sause they spect © le and b Yr . >
oar ay By euspSot 0 Gh Ad by 82 soing bishop Farley went to Irvington-on-the-
fa nothing but “leak.” Of all false philowo- | Hudson to perform e confirmation in the
phies the falsest ig to be without any philogo- | Church of the Immaculate Conception.
phy, aud, diffleut as it may be to attain the od
one perfect religion, no religion is so far

from the periect religign as that destitute TO PENNSYLVANIANS HERE

f all religior :
- People W iy re pructising any such system | Archdeacon Nelson Speaks of the Duttes

of intelligent free thinking need to be re- of Cithzens to This Great City.
The Ven. Archdeacon George F. Nelson,

CENSUS SHOWS OATHOLICS TO BE
MOST REGULAR IN THE PEW,

ST.

minded that to the human mind there be-
longs ng proper freedom except hie freedom
to seek, and, so fur as is possible, to find i rly S ° a
what is eternaly true, and when found to chaplain of the Pennsylvania Society, de
let the truth thus discovered impose its | ivered the annual sermon to that organ-
authoritative find inexorable yoke ¥ Either ization in St. Thomas's Church yesterday
not to care What is true, or lo think about
things just as we luppen to feel ilke think- afternoon, and spoke of the duties and ob-
ing about them is not intellectual freedom | ligationS of the present generation. Said
&
DUE intel etual pcan niQuen da, kis! he:

This species of unchecked freakishness is ' ‘ ‘ity
{t would seem, coming rather More than We are citizens of a city that has a greater
nauelly inte evidence in our own times. We population than the whole nation had at its
huye now a new philosophy, new thought birth. But like all great Clee the chief
new ‘theology, new religion, and IT read a | Clty of our nation presents vivid contrasts.
short time ago of a “new inorality.” As re- | J¢ 18 the great nerve centre of civilization.
gurds the new morility, one is impelled to a ateo. : erent ner cone. Bar fens
isk, Who has invented a morality better than ie y Hangs call os piatnly as
the one we have been so long using? What banners from outer walls, and fortunes rise
is the matter with the Ten Commandants? er enraged ape ee AAA i at
they were the basis of Mosaic legislation, world—and too much of It. ;

But behind this shining foreground is a
background of ignorance and lawlessness
and wretchedness. A procession of 100,000
prisoners files in and out of our Manhattan
prisons ina year. Almost within the shadow

of the churches half the population professes
noreligion at all, Close to our schools multi-

were retained as the foundation of Christ's,
and were laid down by suey Alfred as the
groundwork of English aw. That our
civilization is not perfect is not because the
old morality of Moses and Christ was not
perfect, but because people have not lived
up to the old morality. The truth ia it is

easter and more congenial to invent new ways , ; 1
of doing right*than to practise the old ways tudes of men and women of foreign birth

As we baw u couple of weeks ugo, anybody, neither speak our language nor write thelr
without taking much pains, can Walk erie Paes man grasps the meaning of manhood
comes when he undertakes to walk in a way | Who.can live jn such @ country as this and
to describe the section of a straight line, grind at hie oul, wreterer se 1G anny eRe
"i "AND INTEREST, | Cit f1ViDg ay eecrcising or neglecting to ex.
“THE DELAWARE & HUDSON COMPANY, re SOS eee et every honest

New York, Nov, 25, 1004. , (

\ quarterly dividend of ONE AND THREE- | man should be a pself-a pointed guardian

QUARTERS VER CENT. (tev) on the captial | of the State as well as the church of God.
stock o § t 1 be o , ‘1 is

tr the Compan , H Cortiandt Street, in this city, There were about two hundred members

of the Pennsylvania Society present. The

society's revolutionary and national flags

ou and after Tuesday, December 15, 1908. The
transfer books will be closed from the close of
were draped in the sanctuary.

Dustness to-day unt! the morning of Wednesday,
December 16, 1003
Hy order of the Board of Managers
CHARLES A. WALKER ‘Treasurer.
MISSOLRL -XAS RY. CO,
40 Wall Street, New York
Coupons due December 1, 1908, Of the First Mort.
gage Londs of the following named Companies
will be pald upon presentation at this oMce on and
after that date raya
MISSOUR! KANSAS & TEXAS RY, CO.
SHERWAN, SHREVEPOKT & SOUTHERN

RY. CO,
C, G, HEDGE, Vice-Pres, & Treas,

ST. CHRY SOSTOM'S ANNIVERSARY,

Souls Better Than Fine Fittings, Hts Vicar
Tells His People.

The Chapel of St. Chrysostom (Trinity

Parish), at’ Seventh avenue and Twenty-

ninth street, celebrated its twenty-eighth
anniversary yesterday. The Rey. Dr. 4 ty,
H. Sill, the vicar, in addressing his con-
gregation said:

God in His providence has blessed you
and me with a longer relationship as pastor
and people than that ef any other congrega-
tion of our chureh in this city, Pxoept that ot
Trinity Church and our beloved and honored
rector, the Rey, Dr. Morgun Dix. This Jong
relutionship tells not only upon the present
membership of our chapel, but it has its
influence far beyond our immediate limits.

AILWAY COMPANY. et us seek 10 bring more souls into our

Coupons of the Rochester & Pittsburg Railroad | chapel, Better to adorn it with souls than
Company's Consolidated *First Mortgage bonds, | to muke it ever so becutiful with stained
maturing December 1, 1903, will be paid on or after | ylass windows, rich altur hangings «nd elab-
Wine date at tee Oe of A. Iselin & Co., 36 Wall | orate yestinents Our field in u wide one, our
Strect, New York city. f mart of the elty one that inyites enterprise,

J. H, NOGART, Assistant Treasurer, Mteor ‘und eurnestness to Cheir ulmost degree.
fare: —= | May God give us grace at this Advent tide,
Minneapolis & St. Louts KR. KB, Go, to come up to some meusure of Our accounta-

Coupons maturing December 1, 1003, from bonds bility, our responsibility and our consequent
of the Minneapolis & St. Louls Raltread Company renerosity
will be paid on and after that date upon presenta & Ae ey ak
tlon at the office of the Central Trust Company, 54 Dr. Sill read. statistics covering the
Wall Street, New York. — a veriod of the chapel's existence, show-

FP, HM, DAVIS, Treasurer ing that 5,685 baptisms, 5,200 marriages,
4,544 burials and 2,041 confirmations had
been performed in the chapel, and $183,-
009.20 had been contributed to it.
CHURCH BELL BLESSED.

NEW

Replaces a Broken Q@ne in the Church of

the Most Holy Redeemer.

The new bell for the Redemptorist
Fathers’ Church of the Most Holy Redeemer
in East Third street was blessed and placed
S eae in the spire yesterday morning. The
TWENTY-EIGHTH AND TWENTY-NINTH | service began at 7 o'clock and lasted two

STREETS CROSSTOWN RAILROAD CO. | hours. The bell was blessed’ by Vicar-

The annual meeting of une atobR nal ages SHARED j General Edwards. qt was placed outside

le election 44

bove- named Company, for A e Hi) , . ;
fon and tuspectors of Election and such other | the communion rail, and twelve sponsors,

business as may be brought before
1 will be held at the oeffice of the Company
Kroaaway, New York Cliy, on MONDAY,

ber 7th, 1908, at 12 o'clock noov
C. E. WARKEN, Secretary.

HAVANA TORACCO COMPANY

Five Per Cent, Twenty Year Bonds,

New York City, November 28, 1903,
Notice is hereby given that the next maturing
Interest coupons, due December ist, 1903, on the
above mentioned bonds, will on that date be paid
pon presentation of coupons by holders to Morton
Ty Company, No, 388 Nassau Stroet, New York

H. , KINGSBURY, Treasurer.

BUFFALO, ROCHESTER & PITTSBURGH

————
SPRINGFIELD RAILWAY & LIGHT CO,
Coupons duc December J, 1903, from the 6% Col-

lateral Trust Gold Bonds of the Springneld Rallway

& Light Co., will be paid on and after December 1,

at the office of King, Hodenpyl & Co., 7 Wall Street,

New York,

G. lL. ESTABROOK, Treasurer,

rer cert

KEWAUNEE, GREEN BAY & WESTERN R.R,

Coupons due December 1, 1903, will be pald at the

ofice of the Company, 40 Wall St., New York city,
MARK 'T, COX, Treasurer

ELECTIONS AND MEETI

pa Bel jas did twenty-five littl boys and girls.
eee | The betl replaces one which was broken,
} It is one of wu set of seven

the meeting, | SIX men and six women, stood around it, |

RISHOP COURTNEY COMING HERE.

Will Leave Diocese of Nova Scotia to Be-
oeme Pastor of St. James’s Chureh.

Hauivax, N. 8., Nov. 29.—Bishop Fred-
erick Courtney, D. D., announces his resig-
nation of the Anglican Diocese of Nova
Scotia, to take the rectorship of St. James's
Church of New York city. One reason he
gives for accepting the call is that his wife
has been compelled by ill health to live
away from Halifax for more than seven
years, but is used to the climate of New

ork. His letter concludes:
ore Qurpose spending a month or 80 in
New York, Fong there after the advent
ordination, then returning here for a simi-
lar period and finally severing my connec-
tion with the diocese on the anniversary
of my consecration, the 25th of April, St.
Mark's day, when I shall have completed
sixteen years service as your Bishop.”

Mr, Stephen Baker of 689 Madison avenue,
one of the wardens of St. James's, said
last night that a call was sent to Bishop
Courtney about two weeks ago, His ac-
ceptance has not been received by the
vestry yet. :

Bishop Courtney was assiatant rector
of St, Thomas's Church from 1876 to 1880
and has breached in this sity many times
since, He hag been Colonial Bishop of
Nova Scotia since 1888, He was born at
Plymouth, England, in 1837 and went to
the Bluecoat School and King’a College
in London, He became a deacon in 1864
and a priest a year later.

After holding several pastorates in Eng-
land and Scotland he came to this country
to be assistant at St. Thomas’s, He went
from St. Thomas's in 1880 to Chicago, where
for two years he wasrector of St, James's.
From 1882 to 1888 he was in charge of St.
Paul's in Boston. In 1865 he married Miss
Caroline Louise Nairn.

_ St. James's has been without a rector
since the death of the Rev. Dr. Edward
Walpole Warren last August. Bishop
Cousytney, members of St, James's con-
gregation said last night, is an eloquent
preacher. Hespeaks without manuecript.

BEAUTIFUL CHURCH WINDOW

Unveiled in Ascension Churech--The Gift
of Mrs. James Reynolds.

The costly memorial window given by
Mrs. James Reynolds and her daughter
to the Church of the Ascension at Fifth
avenue and Tenth street was unveiled
yesterday morning. The Rev. Percy S.
Grant, the pastor, thanked Mrs. Reynolds
and her daughter for it on behalf of the
congregation and lovers of ecclesiastical
art. The window was wreathed with
American beauty roses and lilies which held
the cre plogs.

The windows of the church are in Gothic
style. That in which the memorial was

laced hag the usual three openings, two
ong, narrow ones and a small one ‘above.
The subject is “Christ’s Admonition to
Thomas,” taken from John xx., 20: “Thomas,
because thou hast seen me, thou hast be-
lieved: blessed are they that have not seen,
and yet have believed.”

The memorial was designed and ereouted
by Joseph Lauber. There were two prob-
lems that Mr. Lauber had to solve in de-
signing the glass. ‘The window opens on a.
courtyard that ig flanked by a brick wall
and only receives a subdued or secondary
light. So the artist had to work out a color
echeme in the glass that would not make
the window appear too dark and opaque
nor yet too light and thin,

‘The other problem was that in the Biblical
scene the twelve apostles were present.
To introduce thirteen figures in the two
narrow Window openings would have over-
crowded the space and ruined the artiatio
merits of the memorial. Mr, Lauber solved
this problem by introducing the main
figures, Christ and Thomas, in life size in
the foreground, and then placing six of the
apostles about them in such a manner
that the impression is given that the others
are also present. 1@ subdued back-
ground of Roman arohitecture lends itself
to this effect.

The top of the window is a design in rich
Gothic tracery.

SULPHUR MINE IN NEVADA.

The Ghost of a Murdered Miner Prevented

Ita Operation Until 1900.

WasHINGTON, Noy. 20.—Dr. George I
Adams of the United States Geological
Survey has recently had a glimpse of the
infernal regions. He was sent to inspect
a sulphur mine in Nevada, and he brought
back to Washington an interesting ool-
lection of specimens, which show that a
good grade of sulphur is produced in this
country, and that we are not dependent on
importations from Sicily to supply the
demand,

The mine visited by Dr. Adams is situated
in the Rabbit Hole ning district, just
northwest of Rabbit Hole Springs, about
thirty-five miles from ifumboldt House
Station on the Southern Pacific Railway.
This is on the edge of the Black Rock Desert,
a desolate volcanic region.

This deposit was discovered about thirty-
five years ago by an Indian, who sold it
for a horse and saddle that he never re-
ceived. In 1874 the mine was worked
by two partners, white men, who quarrelled
over their profits until one of them killed
the other, cut him up, put him in a sack and
buried him thereabouts.

For a long time the ghost of the murdered
miner had things all his own yey, The ap-
pearance of the Nevada Sulphur Mine
Company in the field in 1900 put an end to
his monopoly, The new company entered
at once on the active production of sulphur
and brimstone. ‘They started with only
one retort, but have since added another.

Where the sulphur has taken crystalline
form it looks bright and sparkling, its
yellow crystals often beautifully tinted
with rosy cinnabar. The richer deposits
are the dark, massive ones, which look
like solid walls of brimstone.

KILLED BY A TROLLEY

Young Woman Loses Her Life While Trying
to Find Her Husband.

COOPERSTOWN, N. Y., Nov. 29.--Devo-
tion to a reckless husband cost Mrs. Lewis
Naylor, a young woman of South Hart-
wick, her life yerterday morning. Mr.
Naylor, who is a farmer living at South
Hartwick. left on Friday morning for a
trip to Oneonta, about fifteen miles from
his home. He did not return last night
and his anxious wife procured a neighbor
to attend to the chores on the large farm,
The night passed and the husband had not
yet returned, . :

At daylight this morning Mrs. Naylor
started toward the electric railway tracks
with the avowed intention of taking the
6 o'clock car for Oneonta to bring back
her husband, whom she believed to be on a
spree. Half an hour later an early passer-

'
by found the woman ying by the track.
|
'
|

CAR,

In an attempt to board a car moving at
twenty miles an hour she had been thrown
beneath the wheels. She was carried to her
home, where she soon died. Her hushand
was found at Oneonta an hour later,

Thought Natural History Museum Afire.

For the last two or three dayathe Museum
of Natural History, at Seventy-seventh
street and Columbus avenue, has been re-
ceiving new exhibits, and the crates and
boxes were stacked up in the park behind
the museum until they made a great pile.
About 12:300'clock yesterday morning the
pile caught fire and made a big blaze. Many
thought the museum itself was ablaze.

Some one in the crowd that collected
turned in an alarm. The fire was put out
a minute after a stream of
turned on,

water, was

Raided a “Barmald"” Saloon.

The Hoboken police raided a “barmaid”
saloon and restaurant at 110 Hudson street
late Saturday night
Muller, the proprietor, Carl Richter, the |
hbarkeeper, August Reyler, the cook and |
two barmiaida. Three girls who were |
known to be employed at the place were
found at their homes and locked up as dis- |
orderly persons. Muller was accused of
violating a city ordinance which prohibits
saloonkeepers from hiring women to serve
i drinks.

and arrested Carl

|
|
|
|
|
|

WORK IN THE MINING CAMPS,

GOOD REPORTS FROM ALASKAN
COPPER FIELDS,

Eastern Capitalists to Bulld the Copper
River and Yukon Rallroad—Develop-
ment in Arizona Copper Properties
~-Water for California Placers.

SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 23. ~The mining ex-
perts ard railway engineers sent out by the
Copper River and Yukon Railway Company
have returned to Valdes from the interior,

where they have been examining the lurge ,

copper deposits and the route already sur-
veyed for a ruitroad from Valdes to the
Yukon. Several of the New York and Penn-
sylvania representatives of tho company
ure in Valdes, and they say the reporis are so
satisfactory, both as to the value of copper
deposits and as to the possibility of construc.
tion and promise of traffic, that they will im-
mediately begin construction with a view of
building at least 150 miles of road during
the coming summer. It is the intention to
continue the road to the Yukon at Eagle and
Daweon.

The Ellamar mine (formerly known as the
Gladhow) on Prince William Sound, thirry
miles from Valdes, is now shipping about
600 tons of high grade copper ore a month
to the Tacoma smelter. This is one of the
most interesting enterprises In the Territory.
The hoisting works at the head of the shal,
are only 300 feet from deep water, and the
cost, after mining, is only $2.75 a ton for
hoisting, loading and shipping. To thi« is
added $3 a ton for smelter treatment. This
is a private enterprise, there being only two
shareholders, one an old “sour-dough” from
the Yukon,the other a Philadelphia capitalist.
It is equipped with a hoist capable of handling
the ore to a depth of 600 feet, but at present
is used only to a depth of 300 feet. ‘This is
substantially covered and chutes are con-
structed to a wharf where veasels receive their
ore cargoes for the Puget Sound sinelters.
The present output ig about 600 tons a month,
which can readily be increased to 1,000 tons,
The development and improvements have
cost about $300,000, paid out of the profits of
50,000 tona of ore taken from the mine. The
ore body is 80 feet in width, from which the
higher grade (thirty feet wide) is being
shipped. The yield averages 13 per cent,
copper and froin $2 to $3 a ton gold.

While the yleld of the Tanana mines has
not been as great as the first reports prom-
ised, it has been satisfactory, and there is
a feeling of confidence in all the camps. The
recorder's books show that 8,000 claims have
been taken up and recorded within the past
season, and these claims are principally on
Chattanooga and its nine tributaries—the
Cleary, Pilot, Kokomo, Dome, Captain, Treas-
ure Vault, Little and Big Eldorado, and Cali-
fornia Gulch, Recently reports have been
circulated of a provision shortage, but these
have been denied by the owners of stores
and the transportation companies. It was
intended to prosecute development work
actively this winter and the mines nearly
all gave promise of a very large yleld. ‘The
miners say there will be hundreds of dumps
to clean up in the spring, and the output
will surprise the friends of the Tanana.

Ten men and one woman prospector from
the headwaters of Stewart River arrived at
Dawson last week, after a long and dangerous
trip. They constructed a raft, on which
they placed their provisions, and started on
the journey down stream in the midet of
floating ice. The raft was wrecked, th
provisions lost, and the miners barely escape
with their lives, The distance to the nearest
station was 100 miles, and the woman walked
through the snow the entire distance, keeping
up with the men. They report arich country,
where all took up claims to which they will
return in the spring. ‘hey provuounced Clear
Creek the most promising, the gold being
coarse and \orth 619 an otince.

Atlin district reports a prosperous season,
the big hydraulic claims on Pine, Willow
gad eilces ake turning out we The

ine Cree ‘ou pany 8 expended over
$250,000 in Gevale ment, ihe French Mining
Company on Boulder ia taking out §1 to ahs
cubic yard, and the ground will hold out for
many seasons, English capital is credi
with the largest developmente in Atlin, and
as the resulta have proved satisfactory
more oapital is seeking investment.

Acco 4s to Dawson erperres the output of
gold dust from the Klodike and tributaries
during the present yeur was $10,157,000.
Last year's record was $11,845,000.

CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, Nov. 23.—Heavy rains
lat week pleased the California miners, for
they wer rape a good season with plenty of
water any of the mines in the mountains
and the foothills of ane Sierra Nevada have
been shut dowa since June because of lack
of water, :

A large interest in the Queen Esther mine
on the Mojave desert has been purchased
by 8. W, dual 1, the mining expert of Denver,
who wili push development work. The ore
body is from 10 to 16 feet wide and the ore
averages $88 aton. It carries two-thirds gold
and one-third silver and can be worked for
$2.60 a ton,

The Greenhorn vein of the Centra) Con-
solidated mine on Greenhorn Oreek in Nevada
county has been crosa cut arg several
months of very difficult work. The general,
direction of the yein was kuown, but it re-
quired skilful engineering tohit it. The vein
averages over two feet in width and shows
well in free gold, sulphurets, black jack and

elena.
MD the Bully Hull mine near De la Mar, Shasta

ounty, rich ore has been struck on the 672-

oot level. Native copper and silver can be
seen in sheets and stringers.
NHVADA.

RENO, Nov. 23.—Goldtields, is the name of
a new minig town in Esmeralda county,
which now boasts of 150 inhabitants, In the
Schumann mine a vein ten feet wide and
assaying high values has been struck. ‘This
mine has been bonded by Tonopah capitalists
for $20,000. Assays in other mines run from
$5 to $1,000 @ ton.

The next work of importance on the Com-
stock lode will be in the Savage mine, where
good ore is known to exist belween the 1,400
and 2,900 foot levels. This ore runs from $12 to
$20. There are now seven producing miues on
the Comstock—the Consolidated Virginia and
California,Caledonia, Andes, NewYork Consoli-
dated Silver Hill, Yellow Jacket and Justice.
The Ophir, Utah, Savage and Best and Belcher
will soon be added. The present production
in the Comstock lode is $1,000 a day and the
output promises soon to be four times that
umount,

There is great discontent among the minor-
ity stockholders in the big Tonopah Mining
Company over the failure to pay dividends
The conpany is controlled by Jolin Brock,
who has not succeeded in paying any divi-
dends, although the ore taken out is rich
It is asserted that most of the proceeds ure
spent on bigh salaried officials anid on useless
expenses, and the minority stockholders will
appeal to the courts for redress,

ARIZONA,

WouuGutTox, Mich., Nov. 25.- The news
from Arizona is interesting bectuse of the
wnany millions invested by Lake Superior
people in the copper flelds of the far south-
west. The two-dollar dividend of the Calu-
met and Arizona haus not been declared,
but is promised a week before Christnus.
This will disburse $400,000 profits to owners of
a mine that begin production only fifty-three
weeks ayo. It is understood that this is to be
mude a quarterly dividend, putting the Calu-
met aud Arizona on 4 dividend basis of $1,600,-
vo0 annually. As matters are now going the
Inine is earning at a little better than this rate
The profits are coming from the ore produc-
tion of a single shaft on the Jrish Mag claim
of twenty acres. A second shaft, on the
Senator claim, is now golng down, und is
expected to open good ore bodies at depth

The Calumet and Pittsburg Development
Company is to be reorganized as the Caln-
met and Pittsburg Mining Company. Capl-
tul stock will be increased from 40,000 shares
To 250,000 shares, Of which 100,000 shares will
go to present holders in exchunge for develop-
ent stock, 100,000 shares will be offered tor
pro ratu subseription among shareholders at
pur, $10, and 40,000 shares will remain in the
treasury

The Lake Superior und Pitisburg js opeuing
some Jarge ore bodies, and it is the opinion
of many shrewd Judges that this will eventu-
allv make u bigger property than the Calumet
and Arizona. ‘The boud, on which $1,050,000
ix still due, has considerable time to run ‘he
shareholders of the old South Bisbee Town-
kite and Improvement Company, in which
corporation tithe to the property rests, ure
still engaged in litigation over the division
of the cash already paid, and the million yet
to be paid for the lands

The Wolverine and Arizona is the litest
Michigan-Arizona copper development com.
pany to strike ore. The discovery was iiude
ut the beginning of the week, and while the
ore body ix a mere stringer, and not of eape-

MINING.

eee eee

‘MINING PUMPS.

PHE CAMERON, in use the world over, and con.
ceded to be the most serviceable, durable and effect
ive Station and Sinking Pumps on the market
to day. Often imitated, ueverequalied. Write for
catalogue and prices to the

A. S. CAMERON STEAM PUMP WORKS,
Foot East 284 5t., New York city, U. S.A.

+ ate

,

—_——— er

cially high grade, it is taken as the p
of the main ore bodies, for the
similar discoveries, apparently of small tm-
portance, have been the forerunners to My
ore deposits in the case of every successfu
property in the Warren camp,

PHoENtx, Ariz., Nov, 20.-dudge Sloan at
Prescott bag issued a permanent injunction
against the labor unions of Yavaps unty,
restraining them from interfering with the
operations of the mines of that county. | The
injunction is issued at the instance of the
Mine Operators’ Association of _Yavapul
county, and the decision marks the end of along
drawn out legal battle in which J. F. Wilson
Congress Delegate from Arizona, @ peared
for the Jabor unions ‘The scule of wages
offered by the operators and the scale de-
nianded by the unions do not differ widely,
and it is expected that there will be an early
adjustinent by arbitration,

A branch fine of the Santa Fé, running
from « point near Prescott to the Crown
King imine in the Bradshaw Mountains, a
distance of 100 wiles, has been built to Saddle
Mountain, and is within five miles of com-
pletion. This road wiil open very rich gold
fields in the Bradshuws. The Crown King
mine, fumous a few veurs ago for the rich-
ness of its gold ores, is heing reopened,

t is reported that the properties of the
Black Warrior Mining Company near Globe
have gone into the hands of the Amalgamated
Copper Compuny. ‘The report lacks con-
firination, but comes from a source thought
to be reliable, The purchase price, stat ed
is $2,500,000, and it is said that James W, Fleimn-
ing, president of the Black Warrior Mining
Company, received $1,000,000 for his share.
tis associates are Philadelphia and Boston
capitalists,

A thirty-hour trial run of a five-stamp
mill has been made ut the Oro Grande Bune
and soon a week's mill run will be made,
The ilrst run gave returns of about $20 to
the ton in gold. George B. Upton, the -
ager, suys that if the thorough mill run shows
returns of $5 to the ton « 100-ton plant will
be installed. He is contident that the re-
turns will be larger. The Oro Grande, is
recognized as a large low grade proposition
and experts think the ores susceptible of
cheap treatment, Eastern} stockholders are
coming soon to visit the property.

LAKE SUPERLOR COPPER.

Hovauton, Mich., Nov. 25.~-The mil) re-
turns of the Phanix for hist week averaged
thirty-seven pounds of mineral a ton, nis
is next to the Calumet and Hecla in the Lake
district, and bears out the theory that the
Pheonix fissure veins will make up for their
sinull size by their superior richness in copper.

The Michigan, which begun production
this inonth with 4 single stainp on balf time
at the mass mill, is getting a nice run of
masses, One was raised this week weighing
11,000 pounds, As it is necessary to stamp
about 700 tons of Atlantic rock or about
800 tons of Isle Royale rock to secure an
enuireleat amount of copper, 1% cat be seen
What an advantage is given the Michigan
by its ability to dig out such chunks of pure
netal from time to time. The bulk of the
lichigen’s production must be secured from
the Calico amygdaloid if the nine becomes
# really large producer, but the existence
of exceptionally rich stamp rock and mass
copper in the old Minnesota contact vein and
in the “branch vein” will always be an im-
portant factor in the mine's production.
Che National mine, adjoining the Michigan,
and idle for the past ten years, had wihwt
Was known as 4 middle vein, and possibly
this is the sume as the branch vein of the
Michigan.

Osceola is now making copper at the rate
of 20,000,000 pounds yearly. or perhaps #4
little better. The output for the year will
be about hulf way between this figure and the
production of last year.

MONTAXA.

HELENA, Noy. 24.—A rich strike has been
made in the Schott claim on Nigger Hill, about
ten miles from Elliston. The vein is three
feet wide and values average as high as $10)
a ton in silver and lead, :

A good sized vein of hich grade silver ore,
which also carries gold and copper, has been
made in a crosscut in_the lower level of the
clairn of the Brooklyn Bridge Company, which
is operating five miles south of Helena.

The Cokedale coal mines, owned and oper-
ated by the Helena and Livingston Company,
have been unwatered and drifting is under
way. The mines and 100 coke ovens will be
running within two weeks, The Corn Ran y
in addition to supplying a Jarge quantity to
the Amalgainated company, has contracts
for co liveries im Utah.

Coal has been discovered on the east fork
of the Little Blackfoot, fifteen miles from
Basin. Extensive locations have made.

W. Brown of Jefferson county has made
an Unusual strike. While crawling through
the workings of an abandoned claim on Gold
Flint Mountain he discovered a ten-inch streak
of ore, which had been exposed ty @ cave-in.
Samples were taken and show $80 in gold and
$32 in silver a ton.

A four-foot vein of high grade copper ore
has beeu found in the Buckeye mine, near
Basin. The strike was made in the drift on
the 150-foot level.

WABHINGTON.

SEATTLE, Nov. 23.—The Tacoma amelter
is pow receiving an average of 4,000 tons of
concentrates from the Treadwell mine every
month, and is also drawing heavily from
L. 8. J. Hunt’s mine in Corea, every Oriental!
steamer arriving bringing large conslenmen ts.

he Corean ores sre principally high grade
and very desirable, This smelter was re-
cently enlarged and tmproved, but it is still
unable to keep up to the increasing demands
on its facilities.

The mines of Republic district age in-
creasing their output, the amount shipped to
the smelters during the past two weeks ex-
ceeding 1,100 tone. This came from six of
the leading properties of the district.

BRITISH COLUMBIA.

EATTLE, Wash., Nov. 28.—The mines on
Gribble Island, owned and operated by meri
can and Canadian capital, have reac a
stage of development where shipments can
be made regulariy, and @ contract has been
made by the owners to ship the output to
the Tyee smelter, on Vancouver Island,

The outlying mines in Rossland district
are availing themselves of the snow to sled
their ores to the railroad and smelters, In
other districts in the Kootenai country the
miners are generally following the example of
the more pretentious camps, and the ore
shipments, 48 a result, are larger than usual
at this season.

IDAHO.

Boisk, Nov. 24.—Communication between
southern Idaho and Thunder Mountain is
closed for the winter. The snowfall has been
heavy all along the route, and the ground at
Chileoot Puss was covered to the depth of
three feet more than a week ago,

The tunnel to cut the E1 Paso ming at Pearl
is now in 680 feet and will pave to be driven
us far again to cut the vein.

Late news from Buffalo Hump is that the
niners huve entered a very important ore
Body in the Crackerjack gold. quartz mine.
Tt has been penetrated a distance of ten
feet und the rock is rich.

UTAH.

Sav LAkv, Nov. 2%.--The lessees for the
Bullion-Beck, who were driven \
mines by the recent fire, are all back in their
stopes again, und the extraction of ore will
begin soon.

The laying of rails between the Ban Pedro
Railway Company's Stockton branch and the
Honerine Company's mill and power plant
in Tooele begun to-duy.

‘ COLORADO,

COLORADO Senincs, Novy. 25.—The water
flow from che Cripple Creek Urainage tunnel
hax been doubled within the last few days,
und is running from the portal in a volume
of 1,200 wallous a minule greater than at any
lime in its history

An ore body four teet in width is furnish-
ing material for shipments from the Bittin
Bull claim of the Keystone conipany, locatec
on the east side of Bull Hill. Twenty tons
will be marketed this week, which, assays
indicate, wil! return $10 in gold a ton,

As a result of the summer's prospecting,
considerable development work isnow. being
done in the. vicinity of Gillett, on Copper,
Vhyolite and Cow mountains on the north,
aud on Grouse wad Straub mountains to the
south 4 number of paying propertier will
undoubtedly be opened up. The outlying:
parts of the camp ure bow receiving more
uttention than ever before in the history of
the district

NEW

Extensive Depostts in Southwestern Wis-
eonsin—-17 Mills to Operation.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.- That southwest -
ern Wisconsin is likely tohave cousiderable
economic importance as a centre of the
vine industry is a fact which is not gener-
ally realized, It will certainly be news
to many to learn that twenty-one concen-
trating mills hiave been erected in that
district in the last two vears and that seven-
teen of them were in active operation dur-
ing the last summmer. Deposits of lead
lave long been noted in southwestern
Wisconsin, uorthern Illinois and north-
eastern lowa, and some work has been
done toward their development, but owing
to the discovery of extensive zine beds
below the lead formations the district
has recently becomes aoubly interesting
The ore ix not so clean as that found at
Joplin, Mo., as it carries a considera-
ble quantity of iron, and for this reason it
received at first. no particular attention.
Improved metallurgical processes have,
however, shown that this district contains
one of the most considerable reserve gup-
plies of zine in the country.

In addition to the zine blende, an fron
sulphide, is also obtained, which is sold
to the manufacturers of sulphurio acid,
so that the process thus affords a valuable
Bese ;

The mineralized area extends into north-
ern JilinoisandTow.. tr illinois four or five
mines are being developed and a little ore
has been sold. In Jowa all the zine proper-

ZINC VIELD.

| ties are still in the development eluge.

from the .

BOTTI.

See

we

aS

ee