Pe rracecre epee

10

A BRAHMIN'S PLEA FOR TIBET.

THE WORLDS SPIRITUAL CENTRE
AT LHASA, HE SAYS.

There Would Be Serious ‘Consequences, the
Baba Premanand Bharati Thinks,
Should English Invade Grand Lama's
Domain-—-Only Closed Shrine Left,

“Why disturb this only hermit kingdom
now upon the face of the earth? It has
nothing that either England or Russia can
make use of. But if let alone it will con-
tinue to do the world good.”

The man who thus spoke had just read
the news that Col. Younghusband was pre-
paring an expedition at Darjeeling, India,
to invade Tibet soon, He is a high caste
Brahmin, the BabasPremana nd Bharati, and
he has been-for some months in New York

teaching.

While he has never been in the hermit
kingdom, north of the Himalayas, he is
well acquainted with numbers of Sonnya-
gins or Hindoo ascetics, who frequent Tibet
Ya spite of the prohibitive laws against
stringers. Until a few years ago these
ascetics were welcomed at the mysterious
city of Lhasa, because the Grand Lama
learnel much from them, said the Baba.

“The Hindoos are well acquainted with
what is Zoing on in Tibet and its mysteries
are no secrets to them,” he went on, “All
Hindoos naturally feel very kindly toward
the Vibetan larnas and are not a little dis-
turbed at the prospecteof the expedition of

Col. Younghusband.

“In the laat oentwry a strain of Brah-
minism carried there by the Hindoo ascetics
yermeated Tibetan Buddhism, and we
Tool upon these yellow men as our nearest
brothers without India, They are near to
our unmortal mountains and shrines and
Tibet is the one remaining country in the
world closed, on account, of religion, to the
curious, the actventurer and the exploiter,
Except in a few caves in the Himalayas
there is not a shrine or other holy place in
all India that the cmrious globe-trotters
cannot intrude upon, caricature and pro-
fane in books, a

“The East laoks upon Tibet as a spiritual
engine room-for the whale world. You
know how fata is the touch of an ignorant,
unsympathetic hand upon material ma-
chinery, but vastly more fatal is the pres-
ence of a prying curiosity or greed upon the
spirit and atmosphere of a holy place.

“Send a foreign army to Lhasa and the
Grand Lama and his anchorites will either
flee to the caves or degenerate into the
kind of beings 80 many other priests are.
We Hindoos hold that spiritual men are
most potent for the good of the world
when they keep themselves most aloof
from the Worldi But, of course, Tibet
will soon be invaded. ;

“But for the decline of China, the presence

of Russia in Manchuria and the intrigues
af the latter Power through an alleged
% issian Buddhist, M. Zybikoff, at Lhasa
wh'hin the last two veara, the English prob-
ab}, ’ would not be in such a hurry to enter
the ‘ountry. If Japan were not in such an
awkw ard position, facing Russia and rely-
ing won England for moral, if not for
materi’! support, we might expect the
Buddhia‘s of that country to-enter a protest
against (bis move.

“But the whole East, the birthplace of
all the won'd'3 religions, is inrpotent to raise
a hand for t.:e protection of its last remain-
ing religious whrine. The West will, of
course, speak of the Gers ng of Tibet as an
act of civilization, while all Oriental peoples
can regard it in io other light than that of
spiritual vanduli-n. ,

“The Grand Lane, or Dalai Lama, the
Pope of Buddhism, 4snow a.man of about 28,
and is what Hindoas call a Ja tis mar yogi,
that is, a yogi who nemembers his previous
lives. He has reigned at Lhasa for lor
ages, having died anc reincarnated himsel
many times, and hie life is one of the most
conclusive proofs or record of reincarna-
tion.

“Indeed, at every rehirth he must prove
to his followers upon evidence that would
be accepted in a Western law court that
he was their old Lama. When the Lama
dies he tells Isis disciples when and where
he will reappear—-that is, that he will be
reborn in such a family at such time.

“A sharp watch is set for his reappearance,
and when he is old enough to speak and
identify certain objects of furniture and
other things that were in his personal pos-
session he is called upon to do so. The
slightest failure on the past of the child in
this test would be taken as absolute evidence
that it could not be the former Grand Lama
for all Orientals know that once a yori
reaches that plane where he:awakes to the
memory of a previous life all of his past
lives are opened to him and he never again
forgets.

“Tl am very sure that the Grand Lama in
his present life has never been seen by any

rsons but known devotees and disciples.
Faded, it is doubtfubif he was ever seen by
any of those who have given elaborate
descriptions of him, An English army may

ouaLiy find him, unless he flees to a cave
afore it arrives at Lhasa.

“But an authentic description of the
Tibetan Buddha is not of so much interest
and import to Christendom as certain
manuscripts that are known to be in the
library at Lhasa. Among them is one,
a life of Christ, entitled ‘The Life of Saint
Issa, the Best Among the Sons of Men.’

“This manuscript is in the Pali language,
and is deposited in the archives of the
Jamasery of Mount Marbour, the residence
of the Grand Lama, overlooking the city.
Translations which have been made from this
manuscript into the Tibetan language
are to be found in some of the principal
lamaseries in southern Tibet.

“In 1887 Nicolas Notovitch, a Russian
traveller, learning that there was such a
history, succeeded in reaching the monas-
tery of Himis in Lodek, southern Tibet,
were he found it and made translations
from it. He published the results of his
investigations in Europe and the sensation
it produced caused Max Muller and others
to aasail him bitterly.

“This life of Saint Issa begins with his
miraculous birth and ends with his cruci-
fixion, burial and ascension. In many
respects it agrees with the Evangelists’
narrative in the New Testament. ut its
chief difference and significance are that
it fully accounts for the whereabouts of the
founder of Christianity from his fourteenth
to his twenty-sixth year,

“In his thirteenth year he went with a
caravan of Hindoo merchants to India and
for six years he studied Brahminism,
Jainism and Buddhism, frequenting the
holy cities of Juggernaut and_ Benares.
The follow ng years he preached in India
and Persia and returned to Palestine at
about the end of his twenty-sixth year.

“The Pali manuscript at Lhasa was written
soon after the news of the death of Christ
reached India, the facts of his career in his
native land having been given to the author
by merchants from the West. When Buddh-
ism began to disintegrate in India some
three hundred years after, the manuscript,
with some twenty thousand others, was sent
to Lhasa.

“Hindoos have not the slightest doubt of
the authenticity and correctness of this
manuscript. The reasons for its existence
may account for some of the marked simi-
jertee between Christianity and Buddh-

am.

Jumped, Ablaze, From Burning House.

Paterson, N. J., Noy. 29.--Thomas
O'Hara, 43 years old, with his clothing a
solid sheet of flame, jumped from a third
story window of the house at 30 Van Houten
street at 2:30 yesterday morning. The
house was on fire. He was picked up a
charred mass bY the firemen and removed
to the General Hospital, where he died an
hour later. The other occupants of the
house escap: The damage to the building

was slight.

Said Boarding Mistress Used an Axe on Him.

Paterson, N. J., Nov. 20.—Giuseppe
Mitori, an Italian, was brought to St.
Joseph's Hospital here from Boonton on
Friday last, suffering from a fractured
sxuil. In a conscious moment yesterday
Matori said that his boarding mistrees
had hit him with an axe. The name of the
woman was not learned. Matori died this
m - The authorities have notified
Morgis county officials of Matori's death.

tm te

afertrlem

OLD NEW YORK BOOK SHOPS.

Reminiscences Suggested by the Catalogue
of a Dealer Who Died Lately.
“Returning to New York recently,” said
an old book lover who has resided abroad
for twenty years, “I was shocked to learn
of the death of an old bookselling friend
of mine, and to find, indeed, that he had
been dead for the greater part of a year.
“One of his catalogues, which now lies
before me, provides an interesting sou-
venir of his long career in the book selling
world of New York city. The front cover
reproduces in miniature the covers of
many of its predecessors, extending back
over thirty years, to the panic year of 1857,
when, an ex-errand boy of D. Appleton
& Co., he opened his first book shop at 87

Walker street.

“Vast and varied changes have occurred
in the personalities of the hook trade and
of its patrons in the time covered by these
catalogues. When I first knew my friend
he had just displayed his first stook of books
in a fine old dwelling house in Walker

street.

“The old booksellers of New York could
then be counted on one’s fingers. William
Gowans, sage and eccentric; Joseph Sabin
the patient and indefatigable delver and
grubber for grain amid the chaff, the finder
of the rarest of the costly volumes fondly
treasured by collectorsof Americana; John
Doyle, the half mad original who named
his establishment ‘The Moral Centre of the
Intellectual World’; Calvin Blanchard,
dimly remembered as one of the one
nal Free Lovers and Positiviste,and as t
publisher of the oy, complete translations
of Rousseau’s ‘Confessions’ and Voltaire's
‘Candide’; Bartlett & Welford, from whom
sprang the houses of Scribner «& Welford
and Charles Scribner's Sons; T. H. Morrell,
extra illustrator and gatherer of rare books
and prints; D.G. Francis, Timothy Reeves,
and John Bradburn. these were the leaders
in the trade of that day. :

“Now they are only names, as dim and
vague to the modern mind as those of their
great clients—S. L. M. Barlow, lawyer and
collector of the rarest of the B. A. V. books
whose titles were recorded by Harrisse;
William Menzies, the Scotch bibliophile,
the dispersion of whose library was the
bibliographical sensation of 1876; John A.
Rice, the Chicago hotel keeper, who formed
the first important book collection made
in the Middle West—saved from the famous
fire by a public sale in this city in 1870;
James Lenox, collector, philanthropist,
and founder of the most valuable ppnile
library in the New World; George Brinley
of Hartford, whose unrivalled collection
of American books was dispersed in five
great sales, 1879-93; Almon W. Griswold
owner of one of the most magnificent of
libraries, the extent and value of which
have never been properly appreciated;
Charles H. Kalbfleisch, whose wonderf:
collection, sold for the most part at private
sale, has likewise been underestimated;
Henry C. Murphy who had a famous sale
in 1884; George T. Strong, Irving Brown,
Thomas W. Field and many more,

“] have fortunately preserved an almost
complete set of my old friend’s catalogues.
Glancing over them one may take an inter-
esting walk uptown, in that New York
which grows 80 marvellously.

“In No. 12 of these catalogues you will
step from Walker street to 481 Broadway,
next door to Brougham’s Theatre,
later became famous under the name of
Wallack’s. Jovial John Brougham spent
many an idle hour in my friend's shop,
and through this association the latter
began a personal acquaintanceship with
theatrical celebrities which long continued.

Catalogue No. 20 shows the shop to be
at 416 Broome street, where Tom Hamblin
and Mrs. Shaw had lived in the days when
ei were giving the old Bowery Theatre
a place of honor in the history of the tragio
stage. In No. 29 is commemorated the
removal to 706 Broadway, where the shop
Ong remained.

“No. 85 was issued from his last store,
in Twenty-eighth street, midway between
Fifth avenue and Broadway. © series
of catalogues, interesting for many reasons,
give one a bibliographical survey of ever-
changing Manhattan, whose book shops
are frequently among the most attractive
of its old landmarks.

A NEWCOMER IN BROOKLYN.

‘He Learns the One Thing He Lacked to

Make Him Feel Truly at Home.

“You know, I'd always thought I'd like
to live in Brooklyn,” said Mr Harlemton,
“and I thought I'd fit in there and be one
of them, a regular Brooklynite, in just no
time at all, and finally we did move over.

“And we did like it very much, just as
we had expected we should, and it seemed
like home to us, almost from the yv
start. I got into that crush at the Bridge
every night going home from Manhattan
just as if I yeen doing it for years,
and I felt the peaceful home atmosphere
of the city of homes stealing in over me
aivaye before I'd got half way across the

ver.

“And our home was a home indeed, and
we went to church and began to get ac-
quainted with folks, to know somebody,
and to feel a pride in our street and neigh:
borhood and to be imbued with the Brook-
lyn spirit, and generally to feel that we
were really and truly Brooklynites.

“But after all there was ecmething, an
indefinable something, we couldn’t tell just
what, and we could scarcely realize it,
anyway, that still set us apart. We liv
there and belonged there, and we met the
people we knew there on genuinely friendly
terms, and yet we did feel that there was
something, some slight indefinable some-
thing, that kept us in some way from being
actually and wholly and freely taken into
complete, full membership, and finally we
discovered what was the matter.

“We had some callers one night, a gen-
tleman and his wife living in the neighbor-
hood, the people, in fact, that we were
best acquainted with, that we seemed to
be nearer to than anybody else, and that
seemed to be nearer to us, and we had a
very pleasant call; but somehow there
was that same little drawback, even to it,
of our feeling that after all we were not
really, 80 to speak,one of them, and pretty
soon the gentleman of this couple that
was calling on us said to me:

“ ‘Er-er-er——. Where's your rubber
plant?’

“ ‘I gee!’ I says to myself, ‘that’s what's
the matter! e hain’t got no rubber
plant!’ But I hain’t lived in New York all
my life for nothing, and I says to him:

“‘Er-r ’m, we're just having the leaves
varnished and getting it repotted, and
we expect it back from the florist’s to-
morrow.’

“And the next day, you can bet your
life, I just skipperooned round to the
nearest floral establishment and bought
a large and healthy rubber plant with
beautiful shiny leaves, which we soon had
installed in our parlor. And now we do
feel at home in Brooklyn.”

The List of Referees.

The following ts 4 list of referees appolated ip
cascs in the Supreme Court last week:
; By Justice Scott.

Cases. Referees,
Lawyers’ Mort. Ins. Co. vs.
O'Neill . Randolph Hurry.
.Eugene H, Pomeroy.

Plelow vs. Piclo
.Paul L. Kiernan.

Barry vs. Seal........+s-eees
Germania Life Ins, Co. v

Costello Thomas P. Wickes.
N. Y. Sav. Bank vs. Connors

IN CASCS)..........00e+..,.. Randolph Hurry,
La Monte vs. Wynkoop-Hal-

lenbeck Crawford Co.,...Jsaac Fromme.
NeDAerEve! vs. Wimple Daniel Nason.
North River Sav. nk v6.

Karst (2 oases) Paul L. Kiernan.
Teachers’ Coop. B, L. Ass'n

vs. Houlahan Charles D. Ingersoll.
Goodwin vs. Harris, ......... Isaac L. Miller.
Matter of Walbridge & Co...Edward L, Parris.

By Justice Fitzgerald.

Douns vs. Morton B, Smith

Co ...Hamilton Odell.
..-Richard H. Clarke.

.Robert E. McDonald.
. George E. Kent,

Dudensing vs. Smith..
Saunders vs. Saunders .
Brann vs. Sufferan, ........
Epstein vs. Shanley David R. Daly.
Delery vs. Delery Edward G. Whittaker.
City of N.Y. vs. 09 Park av .Charies W, mway.
Same vs. 71 Park av. Charles W, Ridgway.
Collins vs. Collins... - Daniel O'Connell.
Greene vs, Duncan..........- Y
Bodenheimer vs. Gough.
Dickerson vs. Maud..........3
Leech vs. White.....
Fox vs. Peacock...
Hoppe vs. Hoppe James B. Butler.
Fromme vs. Light. Joseph P. McDonough.
Rovt Rabe Hy Justice Gaines w.D
obb vs. Robb..............,. Charles W. Dayton, Jr.
Fisher vs. Fisher....,.......Maurice Simmons. e,

By Justice Amend.
Goebel vs. Lamb..,.........G. A. Litthauer,

By Justice Clarke.

Matter of Bryan. ....... Hirehneld.

V sieatnn geen nibiptewbe seus eesisin ="

sees

DR le Ra RGN 0M canteen tS

THE SUN, MONDAY,*NOVEMBER 30, 1903.

GONE IS THE THOMPSON AROH,

A Notable Italian Colony on the West Side
Wiped Out at Last.

Gone is the Thompson street arch. Ite
squalid tenements are razed to the ground
and its sunless courts and alleys, foul with
Legis and dampness, are bared to sky
and wind.

You may look now for the time being
from Thompson street across Sullivan
and into the respectable mouth of old
Watt street The hundreds of Italians
who recently huddJed in the purlieus of
the arch are scattered among neighboring
tenements, the worst of which is clean,
sweet and comfortable compared with
those that have just been pulled down.

When the Italians who have seized what
was the old French quarter first swarmed
into Thompson street there were still many
colored residents in that thoroughfare
and the arch was a densely populated
colored settlement. It had been such for
more than thirty years, and here during
the draft riots of 1863 were enacted scenes
of violence and bloodshed.

The arch at once appealed to the Italians
because of its resemblance to the dwelling
places they had known in their native cities,
and the newcomers soon expelled all the
coloted people and took care that no more
were admit . When the arch had been
made solely Italian there was nothing
in town filthier, more foreign or more
picturesque.

It was like a city within the city, for its
alleys and courts were seldom visited by the
municipal authorities and were the despair
of the Street Cloaning Department. Every
morning found the entrance to the place
unspeakably filthy and every night found
the tenements crowded to  6uffocation
with men, women and children.

The stranger who ventured in by day
gazed up at windows draped with strings
of peppers and garlic, fire escapes crowded
with food and children, and a tangle of
clotheslines gay with many colored rags.
The dark and foul winding stairways,
always with their doors standing wide open,
GOR reny ended in mere malodorous
gloom somewhere above the second floor
and latterly eyeless sashes proclaimed
here and there an empty tenement.

A few months before the work of actual
destruction began the arch, for the first
time probably in half a century, had a com-

ratively small  geiteen The increas-
ng prosperity of the colony had be
to make it difficult to keep the wretched
place filled at profitable rents, and the
demand for business space and for better
tenements made it necessary to clear the

ground.
HANDBALL.

‘Final fn the Casey Tournament—Play at
Other Courts.

The main attraction at Casey’s court yester-
day was the final rubber in the junior cham-
plonship tournament. The opposing sides
were Shelley and Ladley vs. Slater and Mur-
phy. From the moment they tossed the
firet ace, the latter pair never left the issue
in doubt and finally won by a clean score,
In the last game Murphy and Slater showed
marked superiority over their opponents:

L. A. Proudfoot.........++ eeceere ooreeree

M. McAvoy ++ 1B

J. Dunne, Jr

Dr. Gillen.........ee eee 6

T. Dunne and J. Murphy.

Dr. Gillen and C. Raleig:

C. Raleigh.........

. Dunne

Shortell and J. Dooley.

McAvoy and L. A. Proudfoot.

. Shelley and R. Ladley

'. Slater and James Murphy

. Dunne and P. Corby.....

ames Dunne, Jr., and Dr. Gil

: Dillon and H. Regan. .

3, McCabe and C. O'Con

. Dooley and J. Hinchy..

. Bolles and J. Devlin... c..sceecerereres 21

There were several hard contests at Egan's
court in Jersey City, but the most exciting
wee that in which Mike Egan tackled the
Flaherty brothers. It was a lively match
all through, but Mike finally won by two
games to one.

James Flaherty and Fd Ficke

P, Flaherty and T. McCabe..

P. Flaherty and J. Flaherty...

cesantod

20

Joe McCourt and T. Moran.
Pete Eckoft and C. Cannon..
C. Golden and T. Hogan....
a Delaney and P. Hanley
T. Hogan
John Egan and J 1 18 2
P. Byrnes and P. Egan....... 18 21

The crowd at Caulfield’s Brooklyn
had several smart exchanges. Swenson and
Durkin played a single handed match in
order to settle old scores, and Durkin came
out of the tussle with flying colors, the score
being two to one in his favor.

. Durkin.......
T. Hennessy and 1
H. Burke and W. Shenly....
J. McMahon and T. Bankhen.
W. Higley and T. Harrington
At Tarrant’a court in Jersey City there
were two fiveegame rubbers which proved
very exciting. the first Dunne and Lyman
defeated Foley and O'Keefe by a score o
8 to 2, and Tarrant and Halten beat O pears
and Fitzgerald, the score being exactly the
same.
M. O'Keete and T. D. Foley 18
Tom Lyman and J. Dunne tf \ a
1
2 17
oee2l
+18
18
eeedl
+ 2l

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC-—THIB DAY.
Bun rises... ...7;08|Sun sets. ....4:34/ Moon sets. ...
HIGH WATER--THIB DAY.
Sandy Hook, 8:17 Gov. I'd... ...3:40| Hell Gate.,...5:42

ARRIVED—Sunpbay, Nov. 2.
Ss Mesaba, London, Nov. 19.
Ss Nithsdale, Algters, Nov. 6.
Ss Murtstan, Algiers, Nov. 0.
Ss Oswestry, Grange, vane Town, Nov. 8.
Ss Wartburg, Calcutta, Oct. 6,
Ss Vigilancia, Vera Cruz, Noy, 20,
Ss Pretoria, Bermuda, Nov. 26.
Ss Korona, St. Kitts, Nov. 22.
Ss Pisa, Norfolk, Nov. 28,
Ss Katanga, Baltimore, Nov. 27.
$s Col. E. L. Drake, Port Arthur, Tex., Nov, 17.
Ss Iroquols, Jacksonville, Nov. 36,
Ss El Cid, Galveston, Nov. 24.
Ss Chattahoochee, Savannah, Nov. 26.
Ss Princess Anne, Norfolk, Nov, 28.
Ss Onelda, Philadelphia, Nov. 28.
Ss H. F. Dimock, Boston, Nov. 28.
Ss North Star, Portland, Nov. 28,
ARRIVED OUT,
Ss Cymric, from New York at Liverpool.
Ss Armenian, from New York at Liverpool.

SAILED FROM FPOREIGN PORTS.

Ss Campania, from Liverpool for New York.
Columbia, from Moville for New York.

OUTGOING STEAMBHIPS.
Satl To-day.

Malis
Close.
Camoens, Argentina.... M

Zz
a
a

KR EEE EEZ=EER EEX

38338 3223833 333,

830A
Hubert, North Brazil,.... 1200 M
Jefferson, Norfolk......6.  cecceeeee
Sat] To-morrow,

Kronpring Wm., Bremen

Princess Irene, Naples....
Lombardia, Naples. ;
Seguranca, Colon...

——

Sie eee

Iroquois, Charleston :
El Sud, Galveston........
Princess Anne, Norfolk...
Sail Wednesday, Dec, 2.
Cedric, Liverpool.........

Pretoria, Bermuda
New York, San Domingo. 12

wedeo

Comus, New Orleans......
Hamilton, Norfolk........

SKT> 9D VoUU>> yD TUF

INCOMING 8TERYMBHIPS
Due To-day.

Aurania Gibraltar,,
Ponce. ... .» San Juan,
Finland... ‘
Noordam.
Astorla.,
United States.
Comus.......+
Mexico .........
Oranje-Nassau. .
Maracaibo......

a ‘OW...
-Christiansand 2
.. New Orleans,,....N
vee Havana,...... e000!
coe HUBYR. cccrcccecece
ceeeeese es PONOE.. ceeeeseeees
Due To-morrow
«eee LAverpool,,.....+s
.-. Sunderland
Barbados. ...
Nueces ..... Galveston: ..
El Dorado .. .. Galveston... N
Seminole ........00005 Jacksonville, ....N
Due Wednesday, Dec. 2
eoeecees Bromen.. .....+-5+N

Victorian... ..
Kelvin Bank. .
Bellenden.

Rhein..
Dunkirk
Para....

++. Jacksonville, ..

Due Thursday, Dec. 8.
Liverpool.
Hamburg.

. Barbado ‘

- Naples...... sees

Jacksonville, .....>
Due Friday, Dec. 4.

seen

N se teeee .
Naples: ..cssscccNovs 18

i. soa CMIOR acs Pe eiRN
Reiasy ..... St. Thomas... ..
see's ‘ Galveston, ....

euantiare rw ee eee ap One args pel

+

PAST MOVING ON SPEEDWAY.

IDA
SAMPLE OF HER

HIGHWOOD FURNISHES
SPEED.

The Mare Has Four Brushes With Swift
and Wins Two—Fred W. Beaten Only
Once, and The King Is Keyed Up to
Form—Other Contests on the Drive.

It takes more than keen winter air to keep
harness horse enthusiasts away from the
Speedway Park when the sun shines bright
and there is a prospect of high-class sport.
Theeae were the conditions that governed
yesterday when 5,000 spectators journeyed
to the beautiful courss to aee the stars of the
road compete over a track as smooth and
nearly as hard as a stretch of asphalt.

It was just the footing to suit some of the
erratic performers, and kK. E. Smathers’s
Ida Highwood, 2:00%, gave the crowd a fair
sample of her wonderful flight of speed that
both owner and trainer find it so hard to con-
trol when the little mare gets in an erratic
mood. When the daughter of Highwood
defeated Swift, 2:07, in the fastest contested
heat of the matinée service at the Empire
track many declared it a chance performance.
Yesterday the little mare put an end to this
conjecture by defeating the matinée cham-
pion in three heats decisively and showing
that in point of actual speed she was superior
to her stable mate Queen Wilkes, who so long
held the championship of the road brigade.

Mr. Smathers sat behind Queen Wilkes
2:10%, when he reached the Drive, and his
trainer, George Spear, drove Ida Highwood.
In the morning work the two mares stepped
down together, and, under restraint, the
daughter of Highwood finished with her head
in front. John F. Cockerill sent Swift to
make the next brush three cornered, and thia
time the restraint of the trainer over Ida
Highwood was sufficient to let Queen Wilkes
fren in front. Swift was beaten an open
ength.

Then Queen Wilkes was sent to the stable
and Mr. Smathers took the reins behind Ida
Highwood and drove Up. to renew the battle
with Swift. Unfortunately the mare had lost
@ toe weight and the other had to be re-
moved, so that she was out of balance for the
rest of the morning. In the four brushes be-
tween the two trotters, each won two, but
each one Ida Highwood lost was because of her
losing her balance when the battle waxed
warm, The little weights she had worn
served to help her extend her atride and keep
in balance. After losing two brushes in this
manner, Mr. Smathers decided that the only
way in which he could win was to keep the
mare moving within herself and trust that
that rate of 8 would be sufficient to win.
The plan wor well and without a mistake.
The mare beat Swift twice, each time by a
comfortable margin,

Samuel Bloch, behind the gray pacer
Bicycle Girl, 2:203¢, was among the most promi-
nent winners of the morning. In her first
atart the Girl met the veteran pacer Schuyler
Colfax, 2:16%, and she beat him easily. Then
the gray mare beat the trim little pacer
Wanda, 2:12%, three times, and did it in com-
manding style. Even t e pacing crack, Tom
Keene, 2:04%, which C. W. Marks has pur-
chased from E. E. Smathers, succeeded in
petticg only an even break with the mare.

e beat her decisively in the first brush
but in the second he made one of his Detroit
breaks, when he was the choice for the Cham-
ber of Commerce Stakes, apd the gray
mare beat him.

The crowd raw a keen contest when Chris-
topher Hackett's busy little pacer Helen H.,
with Joseph Hackett up, and Tom Keene
came together. Tom Keene won, but the
little mare hung to him persistently and she
was beaten only by three parts of a length,
The onlookers were not disappointed in the
usual set-to between King Tom, 2:19, with
the elder Hackett up, and Helen H., driven

y the son. King Tom won the first brush
and then the Mambrino King pacer finished
in front of the black pacer Ogden Smith,
driven by John W. Smith. Then King Tom
beat Wanda. When the second brush with
Helen H. took place Alexander Frankenstein
sent his chestnut pacer Fred. W. ,?:08', to
make it three cornered. It iproved a pretty
contest, with Helen H. in the lead when the
finishing post was reached.

This was the only brush in which Fred W,
was ten. He beat the fast mare Gretchen,
driven by Geor Hollerith, and then_fin-
{shed in front of the pacer Chestnut Burr,
2:22%, driven by Thomas Lynch, Jr, The best
brusi ; won was when he finished
in front of King Tom by the length of his
neck with both horses under a stiff drive.

Thomas Leahey’s black trotter Princess
Pique, 2:28%, and David Goodman's bay
gelding Freeland, 217K. had a warm set-to,
with the former the winner. Then the Prin-
cess beat M. Brulkheimer’s good trotter
Bow Rene, 2:19%, when the latter jumped
from his stride near the finish. Bow Rene
had a ding-dong finieh with the pacer Wood's

‘ Be ariven by Max Simon, and won.
Then Bow Rene defeated the brown trotter
Indian Jim, 2:19, with George A.
at the reins.

Melville C, Boynton's trotter Woodford C.,
2:12%, was a prominent winner. The Indiana
trotter finished in front of Dr. Tuggle’s brown
mare, lla, and then he beat his persistent
rivaf, Beltry Chimes, driven by Andrew
Crawford, Water Belfry Chimes beat the ba
trotter Mignon, driven by Moody Sonn, ani
Harry Davis, 2:23, with J. J. Timmons up.

M. L. Simon had the King, 210% , keyed
up to winning form, and the crowd ho to
see him tackle his old opponent Swift. The
King beat Belfry Chimes and then twice
beat the faat young trotter Possibility, 2:16,
driven by Thomas F. Russell. As a close to
his Dod morning’s work The King. beat
Charles Weiland’s chestnut trotter Lorna
MoGregor. Later Lorna McGregor won from
J. L. Dodge’s brown mare Lillfan Stranger.

E. J, LaPlace and his double gaited Index,
2:21, were prominent in the sport yesterday.
Index elected to pace, and he made a4 clean
score at that etyle of going. en Lichten-
berg with the handsome pacer Billy Palmer,
2:25, was the most persistent competitor
Index had, and the double gaited fellow beat
Billy in three streighy heats. Mignonand
yrood's Bor were added starters in the first
heat an retchen in the second, but all fin-
ished behind the principals in the brush.

Edgar Bronk, behind the chestnut trot ter
Precision, made only one start at 8 » and
that was a winning one. His competitor
was the bay trotter James Shevlin, 2:18%,
driven by Henry Phillips, and the daughter
of Allerton, 2:00%, was an easy winner.
The chestnut pacer Isaao Davenport, driven
by Elmer Stevens, and Ammond, with Thomas
Ureenbaum at the reins, had'a lively tilt,
and the former won. Then Thomas fynoh
sent Chestnut Burr to make the next brush
three cornered and he finished in front.

The black trotter Byron Wilkes, 2:1644, a
newcomer to the Speedway brigade with
Joe Burke up, and the black pacer Ogden
Smith, ably handled by John W. Smith, had
a hustling finish, the trotter barely getting
the decision. Brayton Ives drove his new
trotter Monte Carlo, 2:01, purchased last
Saturday from James Butler. The California
crack was not asked to step fast, and he wil
not be until he becomes thoroughly famillar
with the new surroundings.

Coleman

San Francisco Sports Want Time to Forget
Fitz-Gardner Fight.

SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Nov. 20.—The John-
son-Ferguson match at Colina has been
postponed until Dec, 11, the reason given
being that repairs must be made to Mechanics
Pavilion, but the real reason is said to be
that so much Cissus was expressed over
the Fitz-Gardner qht that it was thought
best to give the public a_little time to forget
that encounter. Sandy Ferguson was intro-
duced last Wednesday, but he did not make a

cod impression in his street clothes. He
fins pleased those who have seen him x,
nas he ie not only very strong but is light on
his feet and a clever boxer.

Bennings Entries for To-day..

First Race—Selling hurdle; for three-year-olds
and upward; one mile and three quarters;
Goldsby -..162)Gould sree 158
Draughtsman. .161/Caxton . ....4ee teeeees.
Crowley -. 158)

Second Race—For maiden two-year-olds; six

oe te eae
-112|Caqu a
. id fg] VIDERRGE Cs ee ieereensss
eee 112

Third Raco—For maiden two-year-olds;
Belleciaire. ....,..

“100 Lady Lavish: ...
xr three-year-olds and upward:

. a Nuts Spot .....
Monograph, 2|Oclawaha. .
Dark Planet
Trepan
The Guardsman

Fifth Race—Selling; seven furlongs:
King Pepper..........120/ Valley Forge.
Demurrer... .116| Rightful.

da eta

0)

Sixth Race—Handicap; for all ages; one mile anda
sixteenth
River Pirate
Duke of Kendal.
Stolen Moments
Buttons. ......
Colonsay
Alforten
Them

126|Champlain. .

125) Trepan ..........-.

an | Mabel Richardson
BOP cissays

eeeeeere

a ee -

FOREIGN SPORTING NEWS.

Wonderful Record at Road Walking From
London to Brighton—Gossip.

Road walking still continues to hold
popular attention in and around London,
and the interest has been intensified tenfold
since the advent of the autumn weather.
Events given by the Surrey Walking Club
are always productive of something rare,
but the one recently “from London to
Brighton and back” revealed the most
astourding bit of road tramping ever seen
in England, and incidentally lowered the
record by a big margin.

A little more than a year ago this same
club had a walk over the same ground, and
J. Butler, the present English walking
champion, covered the 104 miles of highway
in 21 hours, 36 minutes, 27 seconds, making
a new record. He was not among the
starters in this last race, but the most not-
able competitors were H. W. Horton,
F. J. Wakefield, H. E. Lang, E. C. Wray,
E. H, Neville and E. Ian Pool, all well known
enthusiasts of the sport. The start oc-
curred at the Swan and Sugar loaf, South
Croydon, at 9:220’clock ona Friday evening,
and Wakefield cut out the pace at moderate
speed and reeled off the first 20% miles in
3 hours, 52 minutes, and the same time was
returned for Wray. Morton’s time was
3 hours, 57 minutes, and the others were not
far behind. At the Southam Bottom wey
ran into a fog, but at the Temperance Hotel,
Coulsden, Wakefield and Horton had some
tea and forged ahead for the climb across
Merstham Hill. When they reached Mut-
ton's Hotel, Wakefield, who felt a bit fagged,
decided to have some soup, and Horton
pressed forward in the lead. ;

All through the night the pair peg ed
away over the lonely roads,and at Crawley
in the morning Horton had a four minute
lead on Wakefield, who was moving well.
At the Brighton Aquarium, which was
designated as the turning point, the usual
crowd had collected, and Horten struck it
at 9:30 o'clock, just fifteen secor ds ahead of
Wakefield. The leader's time for the 62%
miles was 12 hours 8 minutes. Feeling
confident that he could overhaul Horton
at any time, Wakefield had a Nene break-
fast, while Horton kept going. Pool, Wray
and Neville were twenty-five minutes behind
the leaders at Brighton. At this point
Horton put on full steam and reached the
Queens Head at Bolney, 7644 miles, in 14
hours 50 minutes, and through
Redhill, 94 miles, in 18 hours 23 minutes,
well ahead of Butler’s record at this point,
and had a lead of two and a half miles on
Wakefield. Nearing Windsor Castle and
just a mile from home, Horton showed
signs of weakness, but a glass of cham-

ne revived him, and he stepped by the
Pnish post in 20 hours 81 minutes 53 seconds,
beating all previous records. The previous
beat was 21 hours 86 minutes 27 seconds.
Wakefield came strong at the end, his time
being 20 hours 65 minutes, and Neville, 21
hours 13 minutes 50 seconds, these two
being inside the record figures as well.
Five of the starters got the gold medal for
doing the journey inside of 24 hours. _ Hor-
ton and Wakefield belong to the Herne
Hill Harriers.

Steeplechasing is now in full swing, the
official flat racing season having gone out
of existence last Saturday, and the sporte-
men who enjoy an afternoon with the
“leppers” will be in their glory. While this
transmission is taking place the breeders
are ind g in a keen discussion of the
stallion advertisements of 1004. Among the
sharps there is an agitation going on for the
reduction of fees and in some quarters t he
{dea is bearing good fruit. But there is
room for a vast improvement all around,
‘and owners of many thoroughbreds are
said not to err in not opening their mouths
too wide. Very few people, for instance
care to pay 100 guineas for the service 0
Bill of Portland, who was absolutely a failure
on the turf,and his fee seems the more ex-
travagant when compared with the nine
ears fee of Sir Geoffrey, winner of the

colnshire Handicap. The same reasonable
figure is charged for Bread Knife, who,
though in the sere and yellow leaf class, is
still siring winners. But the sire of the
future is undoubtedly St. Frusquin. Unlike
his mighty rival, Persimmon, who has
simply to stand or fall by Sceptic, Leopold
de Rothschild’s horse owes his ition in
the list of winning sires to a multiplicity of
performers, and 60 many of his winners
are in the two-year-old class that he is
likely to hold even a higher place next

ear. With such as St. Amant, Fianoée and
etty Polly to represent him the son of
St. Simon and Isabel may look forward to
some classic winners. One great point in
favor of St. Frusquin stock is that they in-
variably train on, while almost without
exception they are gifted with stamina.

The Melbourne Cup, one of the foremost
classic racing even of Australia, took
place on Nov. 3 and was won by a colt
named Lord Cardigan. The victory is a
strong proof of the affinity between Galopin,
St. Simon and Musket; for Lord Cardigan
is by Positano, a son of St. Simon out of
Lady Trenton by Trenton out of Musket.
Positano was selected by Sir Daniel Cooper
for exportation to Australia, and when he
arrived there was put in training and in 1807
won the Recs takes of the Australian
Jockey Club, the amount being 445 sov-
ereigns. Lord Cardigan is his most promi-
nent get so far.

The football season, both Rugby and
association, is now in full swing in England.
The Rugby county championship especially
promises to be a more open and interesting
affair than it has been in years. The Dur-
hams, who have been champions three
out of the last four seasons, have already
met with defeat. Coincidently, the Red
Rose scored a rather unexpected victory
over Cheshire and on these results it is not
unlikely that the competition in the north-
ern section will merge into a war of Roses
as in years gone by. It is a little previous
yet to leave Durham out of the race, In
the southern division Devon has beaten
Gloucestershire, while Kent defeated Mid-

lands.

The Ski Club of Great Britain, the first
of its kind in the British Isles, has been
organized and the first general meeting
was held on Nov. 4, and was followed bya
dinner at the Café Royal. Secretary Lyers
read an interesting letter froma Scotch-
man in the district of Lough Ness. He
stated that ski-ing can be enjoyed there
from January to April. During this inter-
val the thermometer is nearly always at
zero at an altitude of 2,000 feet. The place
makes a capital ski-ing spot, for the slopes
are entirely free from heather. Many
fixtures will likely be arranged there for
this winter.

The most noteworthy cross country
fixtures tay were the matches between
Oxford and Brighton and County Harriers,
and Cambridge and United Hospitals,
Oxford has moved to the Old White House
at Abingdon road, and it was the first visit
of the Brightons. The course was about
seven miles over a stiff country, and
Cox of Brighton was the first man home,
his time being 43 minutes 4 seconds. For
team honors Brighton had six of the first
ten men home, and won by 22 points to 33
for the ‘varsity men. The Cambridge-
Hospitals match was run at Gog-Magog
Hills in foggy weather and the ‘varsity
won by the lowest possible score, 10
points. United Hospitals scored 26 points.

The auxiliary steam yacht Aloha has
arrived at Falmouth and has been laid up
there for repairs. She was dama ina
collision with the steamer Zoroaster, and
had her bowsprit, jibboom and figurehead
carried away. The scroll work also was
damaged and the teak rail and bow chock
broken.

Lee Knowles, M. P., who came_ here
with the Oxford-Cambridge team of ath-
letes in 1901, has been knighted.

Court Calendars This Day.

Appellate Division--Supreme Court—Recess.

Supreme Court--Special Term—Part I,—Motion
calendar called at 10:30 A. M. Part IIl.—Ex parte
matters. Parts Ill., 1V., V. and V1I.—Adjourned
for the term. Trial Term—Parts Il., 11]. is iG
VI.. VUL., VIU., IX., X., XI, XI. and XT. Ad*
journed for the term,

Surrogate's Court—Chambers—For  probate—
Wills of Willlam J, Davenport, Antony Belsert,
Michael F. Tobin, Chrisuana Kimmerle, Anna

| Kammann, Michael L, Hiller, Nicholas J. Fleigert,
D. Morgan Hildreth, Isaac A. Lawrence, at 10:30
A. M. Elizabeth A, Heal, Matthies rimmer,
Bertha Bines, at 2 P, M. Trial Term-—No day
calendar,

City Court—Specital Term—Court opens at 10
i¢ .~Motions, Trial Term--Parts I, and _IIl.
| Adjourned for the term. Part il.--Clear. Nos.
; 1848, 1676, 1306, 1542, 1754, 1755, 451, 1487, 1878, 1608,
| 1225, 1674, 1682, 1803, 1803, 1181. Part IV.—Clear.
| Short causes, Nos. 3063, 5020, 5052, S585, 5008,

i . S7B1, 5570, 6K40, 8056, SAH4, 5006, 6067,
Part Y.—Clear, Nos. 1663, 1608, 1584,

MRS. LANGTRY BUYS TROTTERS.

canmenencients ;
George Ketcham Will Take Twe High
Priced Mares to Her Farm in England.

ToLEpo, Nov. 20.—H. 8, Alward, acting for
Mrs. Langtry, to-day bought of George H.
Ketcham, owner of Cresceus, two standard
bred trotting mares, which will be taken to
England by Mr. Ketcham, 'who is to eail from
New York on Dec. 12, Ketcham also takes
a number of fast road horses for Louis and
Walter Winans of Brighton, England.

The mares selected by Mr. Alward are
bred in the purple, and Mrs, Langtry, who
is an ardent lover of running horses and has
recently developed a liking for the trotter,
purposes driving them herself when she re-
turns home, They are a chestnut and a
black, 7 and 5 years old, having trials reapec-
tively of 2:16 and 2:18%, and Ketcham be-
lieves they can step together in 2:20. The
chestnut mare is by Robert McGregor, sire of
Cresceus, out of Eden Belle,dam of Clara D.,
2:14%, by Cuyler, Her mate is by Guy Wilkes,
one of George Wilkes's @reatest sons.

Ketcham will deliver the mares to Mrs.
Langtry's horse farm at ‘Exeling. He de-
clined to state the price paid, but said it was

robably the highest ever paid for a trotting
eam for export.

THE FUTURITY FOR 1906,

Coney Island Jockey Club Announces Con-
ditions and Date of Closing.

The Coney Island Jockey Club announces
the closing on Jan. 4 next of the Futurity
for the fall meeting of 1906. The stake will
be $10,000 added with an estimated value of
$75,000, of which $3,750 will go to the breeders,
The conditions of the race are as follows:

By subscription of $20 each, or only $10 !f the
money be sent with entry, for mares covered in
1903, and a further subscription of $50 each for the
produce of such mares unless struck out by Nov. 1,
1905; or $100 unless struck out by July 15, 1006. Each
starter to pay $250 additional, all of which shall go
to the second and third horses as further provided.

The Coney Island Jockey Club to add $10,600;
the second to recelve $1,250 of the added money
and two-thirds of the starting fees; the third $750
a the added money and one-third of the starting

ees.

The nominators of the winner, of the second
horse and of the third horse, namely, the nominator
of the mare, to recelve $2,000, $1,250, and of the
added money respectively, whether they are the
owners of the horse when the race takes place or

OL.

Colts 122 pounds, fillies and geldings 119 pounds.
Winners of two races of $4,000 or one of $7,000, 4
pounds extra; of three of $4,000, two of $7,000, or
one of $16,000, 8 pounds extra.

If mare or stallion has not produced a winner
prior to Jan. 1, 1904, the produce will be allowed 3
pounds for either or 6 pounds for both, sald allow-
ance to be claimed at time of entry. Maidens al-
icwed S pounds, which allowance shall not be cumu-

If a mare nominated for this event dro
before the first of January, 1904, or if she has a dead
or more than one foal or {s barren, the entry of such
mare Is void, and the subscription, if paid, will be
reiy filag. prt wi

y ng prior to Nov. 1, 1006, ith the Coney
Island Jockey Club an ted transfer of the
produce with Its engagement In this event, accom-
panied with all forfelts to date, the original sub-
scriber will be released from any liability as to the
engagement of the produce.

Six furlongs.

her foal

Thoroughbreds to Be Sold at Lexington.

LExinaTon, Ky., Nov. 20,—Nearly four
hundred head of thoroughbreds are to be
sold at auction this week, beginning Tuesday.
Among the consignors to the sale are u num-
ber of New York breeders, including W. C.
Whitney, James R. Keene, August Belmont,
J. B. Haggin, F. R. Hitchoock, William Lake-
land, H. K. Knapp, E. D. Morgan and W. J.
Arkell. John FE. Madden will sell forty brood-
mares, his stallion Galore and also his interest
with W. C. Whitney tn imp, Sandringham.
Mr. Whitney will dispose of a large number
of broodmares and several stallions, while
Mr, Haggin will offer thirty-three yearlings
and Mr. Keene eleven brood mares.

CROSS-COUNTRY

Regular Weekly Spins of the
A. C, and Star A. C.

Nothing daunted by the biting cold of yes-
terday, the cross-country runners performed
their usual weekly runs. The headquarters
where they meet were well patronized, par-
ticularly that of the Mohawk A. C. at Walton
avenue and 158th street. Besides the Mo-
hawks themselves there were several visitors
from other clubs, and they all mustered
into one pack. A circuit of about five miles
was covered and it included Cedar and Fleet-
wood parks. All the way the pack was well
bunched, but MacKechnie managed to gain
a few yards at the finish and crossed the line
a winner, Following are the times of the
most prominent runners:

RUNNING.
Mohawk

Min. Sec,
A. MacKechnie, Mohawk A. C. 28) O1
J. Sullivan, St. Bartholomew A 238
S. Kirk, Mohawk A. C......-

238
28
2
M.S ' i coves 2
H. Meyer, Mohawk A.C... oB
L. Marks, Pastime A.C..... 20
FE. Lorg, Mohawk A. C 2
J. Chapman, Mohawk A. 2
S. Scethaler, Mohawk A. 20
4. Cohen Pastime A.C

Joseph Lynch and T. Brennan, both mem-
bera of the Paatime A. C., started from the
Mohawk A. C. clubhouse and struck out over
a course of their own, four and a h miles
long. The pair made a dead heat of the fin-
ish and the time was 26 minutes 13 seconds,

The Star A. C. runners met in Long Island
City and had a Fathag canter of a course
four and a half miles long. John Foy, the
{untok cross-country champion, led the pack
rom start to finish, his time be(ng 26 minutes
40 seconds. J. Donohue and James Farrell
were close up, in second and third places
reapectively. Others who finished well an
who crossed the line in_ the order named
were: R. W. Kennedy, J. Moriarty, F. X,
Hussey and M. Kraeger.

NAVY FOOTBALL TEAM AT HOME,

Middies Make Much of Captain and Man
Who Kicked a Goal.

ANNAPOLIA, Md., Nov. 20.—The Naval Acad-
emy football players, accompanied by Supt.
Brownson, Commander Halsey and Surgeon
Bogert, U. 8. N., arrived here at 6 o'clock
this evening from Philadelphia. The team
was met at the railroad station by a large
aquad of midshipmen and a few Annapolis
friends, As the players alighted from the
car the midshipmen cheered them. Aside
from a few bruises and some stiffness after
their hard struggle with the Army team
on Saturday, the Navy players received no
injuries. team was driven from the sta-
tion to the academy grounds in carriages.

Chambers, the big left guard, who kicked
the goal from placement and thereby made
the only score for the Navy, was seized by a
squad of delighted midshipmen as soon as he
stopped from the car and carried bodily to th
carriage. Another group of middies di
likewise with Capt. Soule. Every one here
seems gratified at the Navy even scoring
against the Army, though there were a few
who held out a hope that. Annapolis would
win. It was not figured, however, that the
Arn y would vin by such a large score.

Football Games at West New York Field
Club.

A real smashing match of Gaelic football
took place yesterday at the West New York
Field Club between the Galway men and
Cork men. The final score was 8 pointa to 0
in favor of the Galway men, but the Cork-
onians protested the feree's decision
declaring that they arco: a goal.

On the same field there was a Rugby football
game between the Olympics of ERion Hill,

. J., and the Park A. C, of Newark, which
reeulved Ve favor of the Olympics by a score
oO o 0. ‘i

Football Note,

The Mohawk A. C. and the Olympic F. C. team
met on the Harlem Oval at 136th Peet and Madi.
son avenue, yesterday, and a good alized crowd
of spectators watched the game. After an hour's

lay the game resulted in a draw, neither side

aving scored.

Basketball.

SouTH ORANGE, N. J., Nov. 20,—Seton Hall
college has placed a strong basketball team
in the fleld this season, and a junior five will
also be organized soon. Joseph F. Hanley is
the manager of the senior team and those play-
ing on itare Harry Andrew, Edward McDon-
ough, Martin Reynolds, John Holton, Charles
O'Neill, John Stafford, Bernard Stafford,
William Baird, Charles Ticheler and Frank
Reilly. The games so far scheduled are:

At Seton Hali—Dec. 8, Mohaw! . B.
Newark; Dec. 16, Entre Nous Hy isto dane
28, Lyceum A. C. of Long Branch; 80, Active Five
of Paterson; Feb. 6, Newton High School of Elm-
hurst; 10, Anchor Five of Paterson; 18, Jersey
City High’ School; 24, Actives of Newark; 27, Ho-
boken High School. March 12, HeMey School of
Brooklyn; 19, Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.

On outside courts--Dec. 28, Prospect A. ©., at
South Orange; %, High School at Flushing; 81,
Entre Nous at Harrison.

The Sigma Tau, one of the oldest Gree
jetser traternitien of geet College, Wit
urn out a etba am this n.
Mam Dean Pulvermacher will

ene ner Rpt + pan epee en anenme eet

Four fast trains daily leave Chicago
at 9:00 a.m., 6:30 p.m., 10:00p.m.
and 3:00 a. m. for St. Paul, Minn-
eapolis, Duluth, Superior and the
Northwest via the Chicago and North-
western Railway. These fast trains
are equipped with all the conveniences
of modern railway travel.

One of them is the electric Ighted

North = Western
Limited
leaving at 6:30 p. m. has Pullman
drawing-room and compartment sleep-
ing cars, buffet smoking cars, Book-
lovers Library, dining car, free chair
cars and day coaches. Other trains
are equipped with Pullman drawing
room sleeping cars, cafe and parlor
cars and free chair cars.
, Sleeping car reservations and full
particulars on application.

D W. ALDRIDGE, Gen’! Eastern Agent,
C. &N. W.Ry., 461 Broadway. New York

NW106
———— Eee

Indoor Games of the Seventh Regiment,

The indoor games of the Seventh Regiment,
which are to be held next Saturday evening,
will bring together some of the most prom-
inent intercollegiate and club champions,
§. 8. Jones will have a try at his record in the
high jump, and Dick Sheldon expects to
make new figures in the shot-put. The wall
scaling teams have been hard at work with
a view to lowering the record established
at the Twenty-second Regiment games.
A broad jump has been added to the
programme, and a cup will be given to the
company whose representatives score the
most points in the military events, which
comprise a mile run and a bicycle race in
heavy marching order.

Baltusrol Golf Club Prospering.

Sport His, N. J., Nov. 20.—The annual
business meeting of the Baltusrol Golf Club
was held yesterday afternoon and the annual
financial statement showed a _ prosperous
condition of affairs. This board of governors
was elected; L. P. Bayard, Charles B. Beck-
with, William Bloodgood, J. Edgar Bull,
A. de Bary, John du Fais, John Farr, Benja-
min Hardwick, Richard Hopkins, Louis
Keller ice Marae cys Notman, parker

. Page or }. Palmer, Beverly Robin-
son, WP. Smith Newton Stout and E. G.
Thompson. The boa will organize later
and select officers to serve for the ensuing
year.

HORSES AND CARRIAGES,

R. H. MACY & ©O,
Broadway, S4th to 35th Sta.

TEF LARGEST HARNESS STORE WHERE
RELIABLE QUALITIES ARE. SOLD AT
LOWEST PRICES. 6th floor,

Furs of Every Description.
Ching Gost Skin Robes, $5.49, toes, $10.90, 612.81
an
Sibean Dog Skin Robes, $18.90, $21.01, 623.48,

$27.49 to $46.24
00, $46.24, $72.49 and $280.78

Fur Gloves, $3.91, $6.49, $7.81, $15.63
Foot Mufis, $2.96

peveany SKIN DRIVING COATS, $40.96 AND

(Established oa
VAN TASSELL & K NEY'S
Auction Sales
OF HORSES AND CARRUGES
ARE HELD REGULARLY EVERY
) TUESDAY AND FRIDAY
(Commencing at 10 o'clock),
AT THEIR HORSE AUCTION
130 and 132 East 13th st,
Between Third and Fourth Aves.,New ¥
Catalogues ready mornin) f each sale. 4
ebasers will always find s farce and interesting
Ust to select from.
These desiring te sell can make entries at
any time up to & P. M. the day before the sale,

THREE DAYS MORE

OLD GLORY

J\HORSE

AUCTION
Madison Sq. Gardea.

Mornings at 10.30 a, m,
Kvenings at 7.30 p. m.

BARGAINS IN HORSE BLANKETS & ROBES,
Lined stable blankets, $1.00; Square street blankets,
$1.25; extra heavy truck blankets, $2, $2.25, $2.50, $3.
Fawn truck blankets, $3. Plain or fancy plush
robes, $2.50. Imitation buffalo robes, $8.
PETERS HARNESS & SADDLERY CO.
88 West B'way, near Chambers St. (Upstalrs.)

A GRAND showy COMBINATION saddle and
driving Cob for $150; fearless under all clroum-
atances;invaluable for family use; also Coupe Rock-
away, Opera Bus, Trap, Family Surrey (seats four),
Miniature Victoria, Brougham, Kunabout (all rub-
ber tired); elegant sets Harness, Kiding Saddles,
Blankets, Robes, &c.; TO BE SACRIFICED, as
family is closing out and must realize immediately,
Private stable, 65 Madison ave., near 27th st,

Carriages,

Station Wagons in Great Varicty,
Opera Bas, Victorias, Wagonettes, Surreys,
Traps, Runabouts,

Indacements to Present Buyers,
Wagons and Harness,

BISHOP, 36 Warren St.

BUSINESS WAGONS, $2.50 WEEKLY PAY-
MENTS: ALSO FURNITURE VANS AT BED-
ORD WAGON WORKS, 754-760 BEDFORD
oul BROOKLYN. TEL. 1311 WILLIAMS-

HANDSOME TEAM of bay cobs, 15.3 high; kind
and sound; good drivers; will scli single or double;
also double set of brass mounted hamess and
Tubber depot Wer DE: G. A. MARTIN, 8 Glenwood
av., Orange, N. J.

HORSF FOR SALE: owner going away; splen-
did for coupe or carriage; drives single or double;
five years’ old, sixteen hands; warranted sound,
kind. Inquire of PATRICK, Coachman, stablo
112 West 52d st.

FRANKLIN DEMONSTRATOR, tn first class
condition, for sale at 4 bargain. AMERICAN
AUTO STORAGE CO., 40 West 60th st.

Lene ee eee ee a eee
Second hand Brewster Extension Brougham,
Edward Callanan’s Sons, 164 West 46th St.

AUTOMOBILES,

ARR RR nen
SLIGHTLY USED Electric and Gasolene Automo-

dDiles. Prices low. ANSONIA MOTOR CAR OO.,,

1964 Broadway.

BUSINESS CHANCES,

ann LIL OILS LIPID IPDS

P AT E N TS TRADE MARKS,

DESIGNS AND
ADVICE FREE. SEND FOR NEW BOOK.

EDGAR TATE & CO.

SOLICITORS OF
UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN PATENTS.
245 BROADWAY, NEW YORK

AUCTION SALES.

ARAR BARA ORD PPADAPLD ADD PPDPDPDPDD PPD PDPDPDDD AAPA
By virtue of an execution, | sell, to-day, at0A. M.
at 210 East Broadway, cutting tables aud a lot of
cut up stock for cloaks. my
LOUIS J. PRANK, Marshal.

LOANS ON SALARIES. LOW RATES
Room fae 11s Heondwaye eA eee Me

——~-, —a

deci
Exami
Rea
Loans
Furnis
Receiv
allo
Does

Fohn Jacot
Edward Ty
Charles 8.
Julien T.
William J.
Charles Rh,
Beujamin

Jobn D, H
William 5

Augustus U
Martin Joo
John 8. Ke
Woodbury

CLARENCI

CHARLES

EDWARD

FRANE L.

Surve
Eng
fu
a
mé
eq
APIT.
SU

The
Ins

37 L
38

William M.Q

Wm. ¢
i
Mor

J. P.

609 Fifth

Co LORE)
Phillp A. Pa

BOROUGIE

FOR SALE
* FOREST, T
ST.

—BOROUGIY

GEM

‘k
t
Py Two story

oln road,
e oroughly 6
y) perfec (
party. Ff

and cellar bra
between bea

china closet, 0
hand work; a
$7,000, ABR

Se

wo three-st
food locatiog
924 a yea

. Pg

AY
Two of mn
d Second &@

PLOT 100
and & |
«

BARGAIN

Wellings. lo
uU want or
, S521 HK

BARGAIN
Brick dweiln
Auquire at 1s

BH. $11,000 tor
wimg in lirod
enth osy.,

SB ROOK I.
ISTIN &

BROOKLY
ults = W.

F YOU W
h st. and J