‘attacked the streét:cars; of which they

 

VOL. LXXIIL—NO. 9,

TOKIO 1S SUBDUED,

city Filled With Troops and
| Rlots Checketl

 

KOBEAHAS AN OUTBREAK.

 

Mob There Drags Statue of Mar-
quis Ito Through the Streets.

 

Officiais Express Deep Regret at the At-
tacks on Christian Charches—Declare
They Werm Due te Lecal Conditions,
Not Feelieg Over the Peace Terms
—Government Gives Ne Sign of Calling
a Special Session te Deal With the
Outbreak—Believe Treuble Is Over.

Special CadleaDespatches to THE SUN.

Tokio, Sept. 8.—As a result of the proo-
lamation of martial law the city is filled
with troops. The bridges are guarded,
and the cordons: round certain residences
have been increased. The soldiers on duty
carry their bayomets fixed. This is the
first time that mastial law has been pro-
claimed in the capital.

When the military took charge com-
plete order was restored. Good feeling
was shown ‘betweenythe people and the
eoldiers.

At noon to-clay theicity was quiet. Re-
porta from all the metropolitan and out-
lying districte indicate that there will be
no disorder to-might. Early this morning
it was predicted that there would be a
recurrence of the trouble if the. weather
were favorable. 'Manytbelieve that serious
trouble is over.

The Government has,given no sign that
it intends to call a speciaBsession of the Diet,
but it is believed that a summons for that
purpose will be issued soon.

The officials and the better class of Japa-
nese express keen regrets for the attacks
on Christian churches. ‘They explain that
they were the result of local conditions
and do not indicate serious anti-Christian
feeling. They say that there has been

local feeling over the refusal of native

Christians to contribute to the temple
subscriptions, and also over the efforts of
the Christians to secure the closing of
shops, &c., om Sunday.
night, arising from the dies
the terms of the peace treaty. A'statue
of Marquis Ito was pulled from its pedestal
bya moband dragged through the steets.

When the disturbances were resumed
on Wednesday evening the mob again
attempted to eet\ fire to the residence of
the Minister of the Interior. They also

  
 

burned ten.

Owing to the concentration of the police
at what were considered the principal
danger points, the mob had a free hand in
the unprotected{districts. There have been
800 arrests. Eight¢persons have been
killed.

Tox10,Sept. 7(Delayed).— A mass meeting
of gilds at noon was broken up by the police.
There were a few scrimmages in the evening;
but the city is quieter. The withdrawal
of the police from the streets and the sub-
stitution of soldiers have pacified the
populace. i

The agitation, hitherto, has been directed
almost wholly against the police, which,
under the direction of the Minister of the
Interior, dispersed Tuesday's meeting.
Much property was destroyed. It belonged
chiefly to the police and the street car com-
panies, which incurred the enmity. of the
mob by assisting the police.

Four or five Christian chapels were dame
aged, but the mobs, singularly, avoided
damaging the property of foreigners:
Practically the only police boxes standing
are those in the foreign concession.

The American and British legations are
being guarded by troops. The other lega-
tions declined the offer of a guard,

Gen, Sakuma, commander of the Tokio
Garrison, issued a proclamation warning
the populace to abstain from. rioting.

Rioting is reported at Chiba, where the
prefectural offices and the court house
Were burned,

The newspaper Niroku has been sus-
pended.

LonDon, Sept. 9.—A despatch to the
Standard from Shanghai says that, accord-
ing to reports brought by a German mail
boat, an attack was made by the Japanese
malcontents on the British Legation at
Tokio. It is said there 1s a widespread
belief in Japan that the Mikado’s acceptance
of the peace terms was largely due to the
Pressure of England.

Belatel Tokio telegrams give further
details of the destruction of Church prop-
erty Wednesday night and early Thurs-
day morning. The Catholic church, school,
the priests’ residence and four small houses
Were burned at Honjo. The Protestant
church and the pastor's residence at the
Same place were also burned.

Three mission churches in the Osakusa
district were partly or completely wrecked.
At Hyogo it was expegted that the church
would be attacked. The fences around the
building were;-therefore; removed and a
White flag hoisted. The mob destroyed
only a few chairs and tableg. - ;

The Methodist~ Chi in Okahimachi
street was attacked and the walls and fences

OVER SUNDAY AT ATLANTIO CITY

Spectal tl be
tod very Saturday i Bop ant ir tne "Pe .
Fates of 810 an wo fenete .
from New York, cee Ony or Sat

Shh see

 

' he entered the O’Beirne
ibe. et on the ground floor ghrough

“*#NEW

were wrecked. Part of the furniture was
carried into the street and burned. The
Yonokura and Hamacho churches in Ni-
honbashi were burned.

, On Wednesday after a quiet day the,
streets began to fill at dark. The first
disturbance occurred at the residence of
the Minister of the Interior, Tho mob
attempted to set fire to the place and a
rough hand-to-hand encounter with the
guards ensued with the menacing crowds.
Police headquarters was not attacked on
account of the strength of the police. The
Passage of the street cars angered the
mob, who destroyed ten of them with fire.

The Barristers’ Association has decided
to defend gratis all the persons arrested
for rioting.

The Toki o correspondent of the Times
cays that martial law was proclaimed be-
cause the conduct of the police’so enraged
the citizens as to cause fears of fresh out-
rages. It is generally believed had the
police refrained fromiinterference on Tucs-
day that no disturbance whatever would
have occurred. During the commotion the
coolie class destroyed thirty electric cars.

CZAR AT PEACE SERVICE.

With Members of Royal Family He Hears
Te Deum Sung.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Sr. Prererssura, Sept. 8.—The Czar,
Czarina, the Dowager Czarina, the Queen
of Greece, the Grand Dukes and Grand
Duchesses and the court dignitaries were
presént in the chapel at Peterhof to-day
at a Te Deum sung in celebration of the
conclusion of peace.

 

GORKY ‘A CANDIDATE.

Russian Novelist Wants to Enter the Na-
tional Assembly.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.
Lonpon, Sept. 8.—A despatch to a news
agency from St. Petersburg says that it is
announced that Maxim Gorky, the novelist
and Liberal leader, will be a candidate for
the National Assembly from Nijni Nov-
gorod,
CZAR WELL GUARDED.

Winter Quarters Provided for Cordon of
Cossacks Around the Palace.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Str. PETERSBURG, Sept. 8.— Arrangements
are being made in all the villages and
hamlets around Tsarskoe-Selo for pro-
viding winter quarters for a large number
of Cossacks, whose cantonments will form
a close cordon around the palace.

 

Relicf for Russian Famine Sufferers.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Sr. Pererssurac, Sept. 8.—The first
sitting of the Ministerial committee to deal
with the famine stricken provinces was
held yesterday. It was estimated that
approximately 1,201,000 tons of cereals
for food arid seed were wanted. If was
that the treasury expend

nearty $20,000,000 for the purchase of cereals.

Murepatita te Retfen: ©

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.
Sr. Parsnspunc, Sept. 8.—The news-
papers state that the forces in Manchuria
will not be-~disbanded until the end of the

year. Gen. Kurvopatkin will, however,
relinquish the command of the First Anny
and return to St. Petersburg soon.

Distribating the Naval Mutineers.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Oprssa, Sept. 8.—Seven ships of the Black

-| Sea fleet have arrived here with over 2,000

naval mutineers on board, The mutineers

will be distributed in small groups among
the troops in the Odessa district and will be
despatc! to Siberia in six months.

FRENCH TOAST TO ROOSEVELT.

Given at Dinner to American Officers at
French Army Maneuvers.
Spectal Cable Despatch tosTHE Sun.
Bar-Sun-AvBE, France, Sept. §.—At the
dinner given last night by Gen. Brugére,
director of the French army maneuvers, in
honor of the foreign officers in attendance,
places of honor at the table were reserved

 

| for Brig.-Gen. William Bell, Assist ant Chief

of Staff, U.S. A.; Brig.-Gen. James F. Cro-
aier, Chief of Ordnance, and Lieut.-Gen.
Adna R. Chaffce.

Gen. Brugére welcomed the American
officers cordially. He recalled the year
1902, when he represented France at the
Rochambeau centenary celebrations in
America; on which occasion he had re-

\oeived many evidences of cordial’ sympathy

from the President and people of the United
States, of which he had preserved an un-
failing recollection. He added:

-“I have the good fortune to have near
me the members of an American military
mission; a mission important not only
from the number of officers composing it,
but above all from the power of selection
that has been shown in their appointment.
In these circumstances I ask leaveto follow
an unusual course for such an octasion as
this and express the assurance of my grate-
ful respect for President Roosevelt, who
{es himself one of us. The President is a
soldier, a real soldier, who has wen his
spurs. He has just rendered, by his in-
telligence and firmness, his high integrity
and his profound knowledge, a service to
humanity which can never be forgotten.
Gentlemen, the health of President Roose-
velt and the greatness of the United States.”

The toast was honored with enthusiasm,
the company standing up and clinking

Gen. Chaffee, in replying, said that, in
spite of peace congresses, he did n6ét be-
lieve that military officers would be obliged
to seek another career, although he ad-
mitted that the younger among them might
feél some slight anxiety on this score. (en.
Chaffes, in conclusion,
achievements of Lafayette and Rocham-
beau and proposed a toast to the French
army. ,

MAY RECOVER O'BEIRNE LOOT.
Police Say Negro Hailboy Under Arrest
Has Told Where He Pawned It.

Fred Roberts of 144 West 100th street,
a negro hallboy, was arrested last night

‘land taken to the West 125th street station

house. The police said he cpio’ bet
: broken into the apartment of Gen.

eee R. O' Beirne formerly Commissioner

of Charities, at 352 West 117th street.
Roberts was employed in the house, and

window about ten days ago. dia-
aad _ worth $125, belonging to Miss
Gertrude O'Beirne, a gold shield presented

to the Commissioner while hag in office,
eome were stolen.
Wiese and ee of the

Weat 125th street stat interviewed
Roberta, and sey aay he told them where
he pawned the . ’

referred to the |

 

YORK, SATURDAY,
'BANISHMENT FOR MRS. YOUNG.

| MAGISTRATE STEINERT FREES
MRS. MORGAN'S ASSAILANT.

Prosecution for All but Fatal Shooting
Dropped Because the Parties Agreed
—Accused Objects a Little, but Will
Go to Minnesota— Victim Nearly Faints.

Mrs. Beatrice Young, whoon Aug. 10 shot
Mrs. Kathleen Morgan in the Hotel Imperial,
was arraigned in the Yorkville police court
yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Morgan was
there, hardly recovered from her wound,
and so was Young, who has the stenographio
privilege at the Imperial and other hotels
and for whom Mrs. Morgan was working
when Mrs. Young shot her, presumably
because of jealousy. —

Mrs. Young came into court in the cus-
tody .of Detective Sergeant Capper. She
looked composed and cheerful as she went
on the bridge to answer to the charge of
assault in the first degree read by Magis-
trate Steinert. She was represented by
Attorneys McCarthy and Bradbury, while
Mr. Kernochan appeared for the District
Attorney's office. °

Mrs. Morgan came into court; assisted
by a nurse and a policeman, and accom-
panied by her lawyer, A. D. Kneeland. Mr.
Young slid into a back seat and kept out
of notice. %

Attorney Kneeland announced that his
client did not wish to make any complaint.
Mrs. Young, who stood near Mrs. Morgan,
was smiling. Mrs. Morgan became so faint
that she was assisted into the Magistrate's
private room.

“Inasmuch as the plaintiff withdraws
the complaint,” said Magistrate Steinert,
“if the defendant will agree to leave the
State immediately she will be paroled in
the custody of her counsel until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.”

“I don’t know why I should leave the
State,” said Mra. Young. “I am perfectly
innocent. My child is here fi" my friends
are here. Why should I go?”

There was a hurried confab after that
between Mrs. Young and her lawyers.
They told her that the compromise sug-
gested would be the best thing. She finally
agreed and the case was again brought
before the Magistrate.

“Have you reached a decision?” asked
Magistrate Steinert.

“Yes,” said Mr. Bradbury, “Mrs. Young
has decided that she will leave the State and
go to Minnesota if she is released.”

Just then Assistant District Attorney
Kernochan took a hand.

“If this woman is insane, as has been
alleged,” he said, “we do not care to have
her at large. It should be proved whether
she is sane or not.”

Mrs. Young's lawyers hastened to assure
the Magistrate that she would start for
Minnesota this morning and that in the
meantime they would be her responsible
custodians. This seemed to satisfy Magis-
trate Steinert, and he directed the woman's
release on those conditions. She went
away smiling. Mre. Morgan, pale and
trembling, departed hy another door.

Lawyers and others who listened to
proceedings were astonished. They had
heard of vagranta being shooed out of
town by police and of crooks
being kept north of Fulton street, but they
never before had seen a woman accused
of attempted murder banished from the
State as a substitute for legal prosecution.

Magistrate Steinert was, asked afterward
for light on the subject.

“It was a mutual agreement between the
parties,” he said. “The complainant's coun-
sel agreed that there would be no complaint
made if the prisoner left the State. Mrs.
Young made something that looked like
an objection to this, but later she con-
sented.”

“Is there a precedent for this sort of
agreement?”

“No; the parties simply agreed. The
plaintiff did not appear against the de-
fendant and the defendant was willing to
get out. I was informed that her attorney
would see that she left the State in lieu of
Mrs. Morgan making any complaint. Mr.
Kernochan at firat objected, but finally
agreed to it.”

“We could not get Mrs. Morgan to make
a complaint,” said Mr. Kernochan last
night. “I did not think it was a case where
our office should insist on forcing the com-
plaint.”

“Suppose Mra. Young does not remain
outside the State,” was suggested.

“Nothing can be done to her,” said the
Assistant District Attorney, “unless some
one wants to get her indictéd. There is no
law that can keep her out of the State. I
do not know that the District Attorney's
office will do anything more about the
matter.” *

‘Mrs. Young's mother lives in Minnesota
and her lawyers said yesterday that she
would live with her.

 

 

 

GAVE THEIR LIVES FORTHE CREW.

Ofticers of Sinking Steamer Remain While
the Crew Take to the Boats,

WATERTOWN, N. Y., Sept. 8.—With a wife
and little baby at home, for whom he hore
the greatest love, Second Mate George
Hamilton, Jr., of Sacketts Harbor believed
it was his duty«ta permit the crew of his
steamer, the Savonna, which was wrecked
in Lake Superior this week, to leave in the
lifeboats, which would not accommodate
all, while: he, Capt. McDonald of North
East, Pa., the first mate and the wheelamen
stayed on board to meet death,

This information has just been received
by the widow from the chief engineer,
who was one of those ordered into the

ROBBED PAWNSHOP OF hiaanel

Sorubwoman Confesses to the Pelice and

Implicates Her Nephew.
. Michael J. Ryan, 20 years old, who lives
at 81 Congress street, Brooklyn, was locked
up in the Butler street police station last
night on evidence connecting him ‘with
thefts from A, J. Heaney &°Co., pawn-
brokers of 214 Atlantic avenue. The sum
involved is about $15,000,

Recently a man went into the Heaney place
to redeem a ring worth $350. When it was
not found after some search, an investiga-
tion was started, and the Heaney péople
learned that goods valued at $15,000 were
missing.

Acting Captain Zimmerman of the Butler
street station started to work on the case
and found Mary Drennan, a acrubwoman,
who lived at 81 Congress etreet, who worked
in the store every morning. She told the
captain that her nephew, Ryan, had told
her to take, advantage of being near the
open safe each morning and steal one or
more of the little packets that were within
sight. She did this, she says, turning over
her booty each night to her nephew. She |
says she got only about $25 from Ryan for
what she did.

Ryan was traced from her home to @
place house in Williamsburg, where he was
living with a young woman. He and the |
young woman left some time ago for Loch |
Sheldrake, a summer resort in Sullivan
county, and it wasthere that Acting Captain
Zimmerman arrested him. ‘The young
woman was left up in the country.,

Ryan told the police that he had disposed
of some of the stuff that his aunt had taken
for him to Morris Lippman, a pawnbroker, |
and the latter was also arrested. <A $1,500 |
brooch had been sold for $300 and the $350 |
ring went for $80. The police hope to re- |
cover most of the stolen jewelry.

BURGLARS VISIT JAMES A,.BLATR.

 

| Enter His Summer Home at Oyster Bay,

but Are Scared Off—Get Little.

Oyster Bay, L..1., Sept. 8.—Two burglars
entered the home of James A. Blair, a New |
York banker, early this morning, but se- {
cured very little plunder, as members of the |
family frightened the robbers away.

Mr. Blair has occupied as asummer home
for several years the residence of Frank
Underhill, on the Cove road between this
village and Sagamore Hill. The family
has been in the habit of placing the silver-
ware, jewelry and other valuables in a big
safe in the dining room at night, and if
the burglars had confined their attention |
to the safe they might have had more re- i
ward for their trouble, but they did not
know about it or despaired of being able to
open it, as they went to the upper floors
in search of booty.

Mr. Blair was awakened about 4 o'clock
by the flashing of alight inhisface. Sitting
up in bed he saw a man behind the light
aud asked: “Wha; do you want here?”
The burglar made no reply and fled from
the room. As he did so another man came
sliding down the banister of the stairway
leading to the top floor and the robbers
eacaped from the house together. :

They had ransacked three unoccupied
rooms and had collected a number of small
articles, but secured nothing of much value.
A close watch has been kept for the robbers,
but so far the attempts to catch them have
been without avail.

BUNCO MEN GOT HIS $3,000.

An O14 Game Worked Successfully on Eden
Laign at Ocean Grove.

AsspurnyY Park, N. J., Sept. 8.—Eden
Laign, a Rahway man, was buncoed out
of $3,000 in Ocean Grove yesterday. A man
who said he was a brother of Senator John
Kean of Elizabeth enticed him to 77 Mount
Carmel way. There he was Introduced to
“Mr. Weden,” a book agent, who showed |
Laign a table covered with black cloth on
which there were cards.

Weden said he had originated a new
game and invited his visitors to try it.
“Kean” drew a card and won $17, which
the book agent gave him. Finally, he
insisted that Laign invest $1, and the okd |
fman consented.

“Goodness!” exclaimed Weden, “there is
a star on the bottom of that card and you
win $2,000.”

Weden, however, refused to pay the prize
until Laign showed an equal amount, so
that he would have a fair chance to get
back his money. Laign drew $3,000 from
the bank, and Weden apparently put the
money in a box and gaveit to Laign. When
the box was opened later it was found that
it was filled with old paper and junk. City

but the gold brick men had several hours
start and there is no clue to their where-
abouts.

CORPORAL TANNER HEADS G. A. R.

One“ Delegate Shakes Another During
Hot Controversy in the W. R. C,

DENVER, Sept. 8.—Corporal James Tan-
ner of New York was elected Commander-
in-Chief of the Grand Army on the first
ballot this morning.

Other officers elected are: Senior Vice-
Commander, Gen, George W. Cook of Den-
ver; Junior Vice-Commander, Silas H.
Fowler of Minneapolis; Surgeon-General,
Hugo Philler of Wisconsin; Chaplain-in-
Chief, the Rev. J, M. Leary of Kansas City.

Minneapolis was selected as the next
place of meeting.

When it was seen that Corporal Tanner
would be elected, Gen. Brown moved that
the election of the corporal be made unani-
mous. Gen. Burton, the other competitor,
quickly seconded the motion, and it was
carried amid cheers. Generals Brown and
Burton hurried tg Tanner, placed him on
their shoulders and carried him to the plat-

 

| lifeboats gnd rowed five miles in the raging | form, There he received an ovation.

sea to the nearest land, When this order
was given Capt. McDonald and his men
| knew well that within a few minutes the
sieuiner must go down. Capt. McDonald's
body and that of one of the wheelsmen
have been found, but Hamilton's is still
missing.

The Savonna was built about twelve

In the Woman's Relief Corps the con-
teat over the presidency became so strenu-
ous that one delegate dragged another into
@ corner and shook her vigorously, while
the hall was in an uproar and the chair was
unable to preserve order. After several
ballots Mrs. Abby Adams of Vermont was

|
Detective Walsh was detailed on the case,
elected president. |

The corps is still in

years, and belonged to the steel trust. | Joasion, balloting on other officers,

She plied between Buffalo and Duluth.
The chief She poet writes that the wreck
was due to the failure of Capt. McDonald
to keep his steamer head on to the sea.

 

SEVEN MORE CHOLERA DEATHS.

Total Number ef Cases in Prussia Now
® Reaches 133.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

BERLIN, Sept. 8.—It is officially announced
that nineteen fresh cases of cholera
and seven deaths have occurred in Prussia
during the past twenty-four hours. Up to
noon theré had been a total of 123 cases
and thirty-nine deaths,
The West Shore Railroad is the 88.001tne to Buffalo
pe iS ll ala

 

 

ARMED CRANK AFTER WEAVER.
Philadd phia’s Mayor Menaced by Crazy
Man With a Revoiver.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 8.—Declaring him-
self to be “Pittsburg Phil, the great de-
tective,” an insane man, armed with a
pistol, who later told the police he was

hilip La Fevre, 43 years old, of 3854 Olive
atreet, tried’ to force his way into Mayor
Weaver's office in the City Hall this after-
noon; and when employees of the office
and several policemen went to remove him
they had a hard fight.

@ man: Was finally carried bodily to
the Conte! Reation, sad afer an examina-
yby po! rgeon he was sent to
the ineane ward_of the Philadelphia Hos-

Jin) he en rere mn P

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1908. BA te
Fair to-day and to-morrow; light varieble:
winds becoming northeast. en

Suman tantoaeapeaeaaaemameneeronneaseemenanrmeaengaeaareneeee pane

 

ROBBED MAIDEN LANE WINDOW

BOLD THEFT IN MUCH GUARDED
JEWELERS' BLOCK. ‘

 

Thieves Cut a Square Foot or So of Shiebier
& Co.’s Window and Fished Out Thir-
teen Pieces of Silver Valued at $450
—There Were Five Watchmen Near By.

A window of George.W. Shiebler & Co.'s
silverware store at 65 and 7 Maiden lane
was broken about midnight on Thursday
and silver valued at $450 was stolen,

‘In this store, as in many others in the

block, it is the custom to leave bulky arti-.

cles, such as larger pieces of silverware,
in the show windows overnight. In fact,
few of the jewelers would have hesitated
much to leave jewels exposed to view, for
there are five night watchmen employed
especially to guard property on the block
between Broadway and Nassau street,
and they have’ the help of a policeman
whose beat is from Broadway to Pearl
street. The block is only about 350 feet
long.

The Shiebler store adjoins that of W. R.
Phelps & Co., dealers in diamonds and
watches at 3 Maiden Jane. There are two
large pillars in.the front of the Phelps
shop and the entrance is back from the
street. A window ten inches wide in
the Shiebler store fronta upon the alcove.
It is partly shielded from view by one of
the pillars. :

At the bottom of this window a strip of
glass eight inches wide and a foot long
had been cut, evidently with a diamond.
It had then been driven in, the noise being
deadened by that made by workmen doing
street repairing in Broadway. Using prob-
ably a hook attached to a stick, the burglar
had then fished in the window and abstracted
without trouble the pieces it contained.

According to Capt. Farrell ef the Old
Slip station, there were exactly thirteen
pieces taken. They consisted, he says,
of cups and saucers, tea pots and slop bowls.
The latter articles, George W. Shiebler
says, were finger bowls belonging’ to a tea
set in octagonal shapes and beaded edges.
Besides this; there were three pieces of a
Colonial service, five bread trays and sev-
eral cake baskets, all valued at about $450.
The silverware was displayed on silk and
plush mounts, which the thieves pulled
toward the window.

Policeman Degenhardt went on the beat
at midnight. He thinks that the robbery
was committed between that time and 12:15,
while he was toward the Pearl street end
of his beat. The watchmen are inclined to
accept this time as correct. For some
reason not at all clear to their employers,
not one of them was near the Broadway
end of the street at the time.

There is absolutely no clue to the bur-
glars. The only hope of discovering them
is that they may attempt to dispose of the
booty without melting it. Every one of
the pieces is finely engraved and can be
identified easily, The principal value of the
silverware consists in ite workmanship.

Mr. Shiebler and other Maiden lane
jewelers consider the butglary one of the
most daring possible. It is years since one
has been perpetrated on the street. The
proprietors had come to be of the opinion
that the safeguards against robbery were
so nearly perfect that professional crimi-
nals would not take the chance of working
there.

SOLD U. 8S. EMBALMED SAUSAGE.

Packers’ Agent Held On Charges Made
by Navy Yard Commandant.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 8.—At the instance
of the League Fsland Navy Yard authorities
a case of alleged food adulteration was
heard before Magistrate Beaton to-day,
which is expected to assume national pro-
portions and which will be laid before
President Roosevelt by Pure Food Com-
missioner Warren and Senator Charles
L. Brown early next week.

The defendants are Swift & Co., whose
local agent was arrested, and G. W. Carson
of the Red Star Market Company of this
city, the contractor who furnished meata
to the receiving ship Lancaster at the
navy yard. '

On Aug. 15 Quartermaster Merritt,
acting under the instructions of Comman-
dant Craig of the navy yard, handed to
an agent of Commissioner Warren a sealed
package containing samples of cheese
and sausage furnished to the yard by Carson
with the request that they be analyzed.

This wasdone by the chief chemist,
Prof. C. B. Cochrane of the Pure Food
Commission. The cheese was found to
be pure, but the sausage had been treated
with boric acid and adulterated with starch.
Frederick Hall, who represents Swift
& Co. in this city, was arrested and held
in $1,000 bail.

RUSSIANS GEN. GRANT'S GUESTS,

Peace Envoys and Suite Entertained at
Governors Island.

The Russian peace envoys and their
suite were entertained yesterday at Gov-
ernors Island by Gen. Fred Grant, on be-
half of the Department of the East. The
party made the start at 1 o'clock, had
luncheon with the officers on the island,
and were shown over the fortifications and
the barracks. The garrison was paraded
in their honor, They returned in time to
dine, dress and get to the performance
of “The Catch of the Season” at Daly's.
Baron Rosen, M, Pokotiloff, Gen. Simoloff
and M. Willenkin had a box. Gen. Yer-
maloff, with the rest of the party, sat in
the orchestra. Mr. Witte, who is still short
on sleep, stayed at home and turned in early.

The Japanese envoys had a quiet day,
In the morning Secretary of State Root
called on Baron Komura, for what pur-
pose the Japanese would not state except
to say that the matter was Wnimportant,

In the afternoon the envoys took a drive,
In the evening Sato, Ochiai and one or two
of the under secretaries were entertained at
Sherry's by Dr. Takamine, Consul Uchida
and ‘several Japanese merchants and
bankers. :

The dinner was a private affair and the
Nippon Club as a body had nothing to do
with it. The envoys were not present.
It is said that the Nippon Club is still in
two minds about entertaining the men
who made the peace of Portsmouth. They
may, however, give a dinner to the envoys
Monday or Tuesday.

 

 

Hariem Ambulance Surgeon Dismissed.

Dr. Hugh Parmenter, an ambulance
surgeon of Harlem Hospiial, has been dis-
missed from the hospital on account of
charges preferred against him. The de-
tails of these charges are refused both by
the Harlem Hospital authorities and by
Dr. Armstrong, superintendent of Bellevue.
Dr. Armstrong hrard the charges and sus-

nded Parmenter for one week pending

vestigation. On Wednesday Parmenter
was dismissed. ra

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.
A 4 Hudson, Havre, Aug. 26; sa
Vv on brea, RF b Aug Orizaba,

|

EARTHQUAKE KILLS HUNDREDS.

Whole Villages tm Southern Italy Are
Wiped Out,
Spectat Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

MONTELEONE, Calabria; Sept. 8.—A vio-
lent earthquake ocourred in this province
of southern Italy at 2:55 o'clock this morn-
ing, bringing death and destruction to
scores of villages. Here the shocks lasted
about eighteen seconds, but in that time
seven persons were killed and twenty-
seven injured, including some in the prison.

The latest details of the catastrophe
show that the number killed thus far known
is 347, A large number were injured.
Entire villages were destroyed.

At Stefanaconi many houses were de-
stroyed and about a hundred persons
were killed. At Piscopio every house is
in ruins. The dead there number fifty.

The village of Triparni was totally de-
stroyed and sixty persons were killed. At
San Gregoria there were sixty-five deaths.
The village of Zammaro was razed to the
ground,

At Mileto eleven persons were killed and
200 seriously injured. Nearly every house
in Zungeri was wrecked and many of the in-
habitants were killed. At Pizzo four were
killed and many injured. Practically all
tho houses at Cessaniti collapsed. The
casualties there have not been ascertained.
The villages of Bratico, San Leo, St. Con-
stantinoand Conidini were totally destroyed.
At Spilinca one person was killed. Many
persons were injured at Sant Oniofrio.

Nearly all the houses in these villages
which did not collapse threaten to do so.

-Romk, Sept. 8.—Severe shocks are re-
ported from Castellamare, Naples and
Florence. The Minister of Public Works
has gone to Calabria to make an inspection.
The Minister of the Interior has sent 20,000
dire to the sufferers.

 

FAIRBANKS AT OYSTER BAY.

Vice-President Has Luncheon With Mr.
Roosevelt—Bunau-Varilla a Dinner Guest.

Oyster Bay, Sept. 8.—Vice-President
Fairbanks had luncheon with President
Roosevelt at Sagamore Hill to-day. His
visit, he said, was purely social. He left
here at 4:30 o'clock bound for West Chester,
Pa., where he will deliver an address to-
morrow at the semi-centennial of the Re-
publican party. From there Mr. Fair-
banks will return to Indianapolis. He is
not going to Washington until November.

Sir Charles Ewen Smith, who was one of
the English delegates to the Railway Con-
gress held in this country last May, was
also a caller at Sagamore Hill. The nature
of his errand was not announced. M.
and Mme. Bunau-Varilla, formerly Minister
from Panama, arrived here this evening
to dine with the President and Mrs,Roose-
velt, The visit was said to be of a social
nature. |

NEW YORK COPS IN DEMAND.

@ne May Go to Drill Panama’s Force
—Newport Invites Athletes.
Commissioner McAdoo yesterday received
a letter from the United States Consul-
General at Panama asking him to grant
a leave of obsence to Policeman George
W. Jiminez of the Seventh precinct. The
authorities at Panama desire Jiminez, who
is a yellow fever immune, to teach the
Panama cops how to drill. The Commis-
sioner will probably grant the leave of
absence.

He also received a letter from the Citi-
zens' Business Association of Newport,
R. I, asking that the best athletes of the
Police Department be allowed to give an
exhibition there on Perry day, Sept. 11.

TRYING TO CAPTURE RAISULI,

Moorish Bandit Leader Attacked by Rival
Tribe—His Mother a Prisoner.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
TanatER, Sept, 8.—A conflict is raging
between Raisuli’s people and the Angheras
tribe, which raided inreé of Raisuli’s vil-
lages ‘five days ago and oarried off cattle
and sheep. Raisuli went in pursuit and there
were several skirmishes.

Last Wednesday the Angheras surprised
a wedding party at Benimsusr and carried
off Raisuli’s mother. Now they have at-
tacked Raisuli’s residence, in an attempt
to capture him, ®

JEROME UP AND ABOUT. ,

Gaee to Lakeville and Doesn't Seem to
Be Seriously Il.

District Attorney Jerome startled every
one but himself by appearing at the Dis-
trict Attorney’s office yesterday. For a
man who had been pronounced ill by his
physiolans on the day before he seemed
remarkably well. .
“I expect to ‘be removed’ to Lakeville
this afternoon,” said Mr. Jerome, “unless
my temperature gets too high.”
“Would you accept a nomination for
District Attorney.on the Tammany ticket?”
he was asked.
“I'll croas that bridge when I come to it,”
said the District Attorney.. He departed
for Lakeville at 3:35 P. M., accompanied by
his secretary, Alfred Hodder?

“I'll be back when my serious illness is
over,” said Mr. Jerome, amiling. “1! ex-,

to be back by Sept. 18." That is the

date scheduled for the trial of Abe Hum-
mel, who has applied for a change of venue.

 

 

 

 

 

 

INCENDIARIES FIRE CHURCH.

Three Priests Barely Escape With Their
Lives—Floors Sprinkled With Oil.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 8—An incendiary
fire partly destroyed the Church of Our
Lady of Mount Carmel in Camden, N. J.,
this morning and neariy cost the lives of
Fathers Giovanni and Antonio di lolsi
and Don Nichola Nota.

Coal oil was found sprinkled over the
floor and on walls.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 8,—The Church
of Holy Name at Swoyereville, near here,
was robbed and afterward burned this
morning. The burglars eacaped with a
number of valuable altar pieces. People
living near by who were at the fire early
discovered that the interior of the churc
had been looted and the vestments and
altar clothes thrown on the floor,

 

By Marcon! Wireless.

The American liner St. Louis, from South-
ampton and Cherbourg, was reported at
6:90 o'clock last night fifty miles east of
Nantucket lightehip. She probably will be
up to her pier at the foot of Fulton street,
orth River, about 9 o'clock this morning.

~—PENN6YLVANIA

miles
with-

18 HOURS TO by a
New York daily at 8:36 P. M.
ond Gi OQUalL WAGE

ee

PRICE TWO CENTS.
THE N.Y. LIRE AND PRUSSIA,

SOLD ALL ITS STOCKS WITH A
STRING ATTACHED.

 

Inquisitor Hughes Brings Out That Sales
to Subsidiary Trust Compantes Weren't
Bona Fide—Clerks Signed Notes for
Big Loans—Syndicates Here, , Toe.

The third meeting of the Armstrong
insurance committee brought to light the
fact that the New York Life Insurance
Company has at various times transferred
blocks of securities, aggregating several
millions of dollars, to the New York Se-
curity and Trust Company, now known
as the New York Trust Company, to en-
able it to conceal the ownership of these
stocks in its annual schedule of assets.

The transaction took the form on the
trust company's books of a loan to the
New York Life Insurance Company, the
loan being secured by notes drawn by om-
ployees in the New York Life with the stock
as collateral security. One of the em-
ployees, who drew a note running to the
trust company, was a messenger who re-
ceived a salary of $600 a year. His note
was for $1,500,000 and was accepted by
the trust company.

One of the other employees who gave his
note was a clerk in the securities depart-
ment. Credit was given by the trust cont-
pany for these notes in a special, account
which the New York Life maintained i
the company, amounting sometimes to
as much as $10,000,000.

The immediate cause of these trans-
actions was an agreement made with the
Prussian Government. that no stocks should
appear in the New York Life's schedule of
securities. Only on the condition that the
New York Life would comply with this
would the Prussian Government allow the
company to continue doing business in
that country. The Prussian Government's
stand was widely known, and according
to the testimony yesterday, the company
would have had to sell the securities at a
great loss if they had thrown them on the
market in such large blocks, for investors
were aware of the fact that it was com-
pulsory on the company to get rid of them.
As it is, most of the securities, it was said,
were sold at good figures.

CONTROLS THE NEW YORK TRUST COMPANY.
While it has been represented that the New
York Life does not own any trust company
stock, it was shown yesterday that officers
of the company, serving in an individual
capacity as trustees of nearly all of the
New York Trust Company stock, actually
control that institution. It was shown
further that the New York Life has an
agreement with the syndicate owning the
truat company stock by which it has the
option of buying back the stock after a
certain term of years.

The trustees of the trust company's
stock who control its voting power are
President John A. McCall, president of tho
New York Life; George W. Perkins, first
vice-president, and C. 8, Fairchild. A
majority of the trustees constitutes a
quorum. Some of the New York Life trustees
are also owners of stock in the trust com-
pany.

Besides the $10,000,000 acoount which the
New York Life carried in the old New York
Security and Trust Company it has carried
regularly in the institution three other
accounts, one of which has exceeded $1,000,-
000 most of the time. The complete details
of the development of the trust company
were brought out at yesterday's hearing. |
It was Edmund D. Randolph, treasurer

of the New York Life, who told the coms —

mittee of the company’s relations with the
trust company, including the Joan trans-
actions. .
Charles E. Hughes; counsel for the ine
vestigating committee, questioned Mr.
Randolph about all of the New York Life's
important accounts with the trust com-
pany from 19000n. In 1900 it was shown
the insurance company bid three accounts
with the trust company. They were desig-
nated by numbers 1, 2, 8. The first acoount
ranged in 1900 from $1,000,000 to $8,000,000. .
The other two were small, relatively. ;
Account No. 1 waa the New York Life's
general banking account, through which
it collected its money and paid for its |
investments, The two other accounts were
used for the payment of insurance claims,
each, it was asserted, being employed for
a different class of payments,

“ACCOUNT NO. 4.”

In 1901the regular business account ranged
from $2,212,000 to $3,700,000, and was sub-
ject to large fluctuations. In that year a
new account, designated Account No. 4 —
was opened by the New York Life. For |
the firat three months of the year it shows a
standing deposit of $3,000,000, The new
account, Mr. Randolph testified, wasopened ,
as the result of a special agreement between
the trust company and the New York
Life.

This agreement was that the life insur-
ance company was to get a rate of interest ,
on the deposit only 44 per cent. lower than
the rate which the trust company suc-
ceeded in getting for ita loans. The returns
from the account, it was said by the witness,
were never less than 2 per cent. and they
have been as high as 5’, per cent. After
the first three months in 1901 the account
an to grow. It rose to $6,264,000 in '
April; from that to $8,764,917 in May and then
to $10,816,000 in July. It dropped to $3,602,-
000 in August and at the close of the year
it staod at $6,905,000. For the firet three °
months of 1902 the deposit was $19,000,000.

It was in reply to questions concerning -
the evenness of the cash balances in these
months that Mr. Randolph disclosed the
transactions which has enabled the New
York Life to wipe its stock holdings off its
books. Among the stocks which the com-
pany was desirous to dispose of were,
Mr. Randolph said, about 5,000 shares of
Chicago and Northwestern preferred and
5,300 shares of St. Paul preferred. The
company wanted to realize $250 a share for
the Northwestern and:$100 for the St. Paul,
but ‘found that they could not touch these
figures with the information abroad that
they were practically in a position where
they had to let them go.

Randolph admitted in the beginning that
the company had made what he called a
pro forma sale of the securities for the
purpose in order to close them out of the
life insurance company's accounts and to
enable the company ultimately to reap a
profit on them. The profit which the com-
pany finally made on the securities, tha
treasurer said, was about $155,000 in advance
of the figures at which they were taken
into account at the close of the previous
year.

Q. You say there was a pro forma sale to
the New York Security and Trust Company?

—_—— $$
insist apem having Burnett's ae ‘

'

|

ES ar sense

Ss rine nas. apc teeny toy EH

aS

em

he AWETY
ihe ie:

+) erreur

—— aan

ot inmatcs RR Sep iach Lomi ficsne

en te en te i nant Dit Seca sat i et neat