Wey

Mowte?, Mat 7, 190%,

TAI. ade

SRR SERELT Smee aoe,

PRICK T¥O CENTS.
pearen cHinneD wien snwow. | THE RHODE ISLAND AFLOAT
ee ene ’

Che

¢ «

 

- «

or +t : =F tS ie A MICOS TR TL Pe
SOG - 6 wwrivet, (Ot, ty Phe due Peenting and Pwhtteting Aseeciatine

WAS, J. R. WATERS A SUICIDE

(ROCHE RES CW, MORSE

‘

eee EW YORK, MONDAY, WAY. 4
‘FRENCH ELECTION DAY QUIBT, | ™”™"™" A114" Form 1% wowow |

Ther: CHOnTER OeretRRREE serrTeTty Maenrty

ane | FRE pepred prey re. epeed ffi P Panel fe enn peta
WW 1 Wir Ty Fife crrewterryy Fetene

i
i
;
i
3

faw'? fh enerent We Wie" et cae
t @ oe wre’, fae | ce ' tal 7 oe ebm vt beret fee Pere me EM HOMO etree OF |
SE WE WEEE. 208 TF Letter cephet ie aioe | ROREE WRT RNS SHOW HleraRT nea oinén TRH RIDDING HER one nam qainnen w Y. May @ Charen awh SAPPRRMMIP FOILED OFF THF
cat ee COAT, COE ORR pace ae HW ervey” eee conr Mleetier FOR PAPOP UT € OREVET, ay Perens, May @ Witte View | O10 BAVOHTRR HATHA, ava for teeing aot fire ter hie on aan ny Pern Fr ne
"ey tn " ’ .
eee a te Bop re Cee | ee va Powe oY yo
frome tomwener Alte (ihe Cree Conmnniiipe Wow, | hmen twor « ameet friend to tive Mew | Commer? SrreneY Appr Tee (he GORMFAHION ws roruening Chie afiorncnm fo Min rout | Pie anemtin Pam Blane mn ihe Waters | oo V4 hg — a eS ane fw ete ow
vn eonmatoet Oe PTFE Cretan at MPar | Armutmreien Mane 6 aut fir (6 mere cine | et Charet amt atate Mentettete Mee | iow (rome ober amreten fy coment: | fim ae 060 Weet Geventpaatert aire Fedak ii iene ; Verh Hever ant Gane te Hamman Reade
+a Herter tte Pines fe Pheeaten ars than any other man on Avnateny | fratn Pram Votlng fe Preteet AaNtHE | in uf Che Cuurine’e nemeday & foUne re, Waters Wee Fempurarty Greene | linmedinteiy after fhe fire euepicion | Ween Heraiip- Tae Guten of fey fp
nquerate Cate Pitnhe Wor, Loree arer Mevewver the etter viany apt he (he Cevernment’s Ge Mey Patter | emer Cfreer we ferent: we iter Pike cenimatier f then feemened Wer temend, | #7 directed againet the paator teenie fry 0 Gey, Wee Get Memwn face Gait
we Her lewmeny’t nel a tevety. | fe Conte Hegpaten i Fite eee Pe ptorterd anet tle off cme of the Cervnrten’ « fhe feed terry ener meine the ovary atrerrtly | eye '
viene Pacecete Of Avett wae re fe aein@ fo melee Hew An ~ pie ene off the 1" w Aeventyabeth | before (he fire What led fo the teenti % wt, Va, May @ The Tinitet Mtatee
ane mumning ot PD OPENS went me meres.” Pane, Way ¢ Pranee ofooe her lew: | few One mary erent wervv enced Iter Ff Ofer hewtet Mewart of 1 Went : Gation @hich reeuited in hie arent eure taertheahipy Aitrete felanel wae affoat ean
oe a: creo ont he commphatent ‘Suge * Weel in (he eompininane, (7 | Malena foodie fer (fie renee fone genre, | Tt tn fompnel ehme Chee indir eeniend Wil prrerre | Mtrnet fevtifiend the Cenenmnw’ Cen (tite eevernl anonymous letters whieh hn re toont@ht after having heen aground at fie
7 ive former preadant of or" Want tes tamed Here mined Hate fe ail | utetiy, aoberty venel witht a atngie cite | fecal Phe meen whe (heew fhe ferit: ewe | mening (hee Mee Mary Cirtewold Waters | tiie to member of fie feck ‘The | mouth of the York Miver ainew aariy pon
few Company ‘The cents " , ‘ | (ommed incitent § The weather coneditiene | jitters had shot Nerenlf and her eononed daaghter, | writera anid thet they knew whe termed | tering morning. It wan die to the efforee
f 2 satan be he eveean @ finan air’ ee got to lieten fe it," rejetnedt the | were perfeet, and a heavy vote wae polled, The Governor's adjutant, Col Rokonet- Agathe, in (hate home at 166 Went Seventy. the etvareh and the wae adiviend (0 | of four powerful nawal tugs, the CU nnne ,
f hie conwered a three te ee Heat let ive read thie lotion whieh ia aad | Riven to-night, when ihe streste of conte! | sof, @ pufeumen, Whe Gus deading ot: alath atrowt Games hy meaner the comgre. ¥ : oy Eanees, Gee Se :

hig warahip eae drwen from (he eovither
| The United Mates cruiser Minneapotia
| ateroet toy ancl ame fie Pilvente falar priilert

siete the ohuroh. and a hoy were billed
‘The aaeemin @ae dreeant in (he aniforn
of a naval offleer

to he threatening,” Magietrate Walsh re
filet ae her picked ap the copy of Up tetinn (he returns, (here wae a complete ahwenee
witeh Hoehe had headed to him ff wae

ft @ne aaid that heth were dead,

in Charles Daggett of the Manet Mra Waters wae the wife of John ft

of all excitement the resulta heing ace

treet atation @a@ off peat on
ww «when Me More's butler came
Ur Mora a howe at 7 and hailed

itman with the big ray mue-
ia standing over on the corner,”
iid te the oop
acked the policeman,
a» threatened fo do up Mr. Morae,*
the « nt avid
fuggett wouldn't take the butler's word
for it. He asked to see the complainant,
He or shown) to the house and saw Mr
Moree, who asked him to arrest Roche on a

cha f making threata, and who said he

eoula go to court and make @ complaint.
[he policeman went over to the corner

and arrested the former Assemblyman.
Reche protested and declared that he had

committed no act in violation of law. He

and the policeman walked to the station

and then to Yorkville court.

: toche lives at 87 Market atreet. He was

the Assemblyman from the Seventh district
for several terms, He explained his pres-
ence in Fifth avenue Sunday morning by
saying that he had gone to early service at
st. Patrick's Cathedral, and after the service
had strolled up the avenue to enjoy the
morning air. When he arrived opposite
Mr. Morse's residence he stopped for a few
moments in the hope that Mr. Morse might
come out, as he was anxious to havean inter-
view with him,

When he reached court there was a long
line of prisoners to be disposed of and he
had to wait. While waiting Roche said that
he had had trouble over the lease of the old
Rossmore Hotel, at Rroadway and Forty-
second street, of which he was thgspropri-

’ etor for four years.

“It was John F. Carroll that induced me
to take the Rossmore,” Mr. Roche said.
“He advised me to go and ase Mr. Morse,
the owner, and I did so. I got a four years
lease from January 1, 1901. The rental
was to be $37,500 a year. The lease provided
that I was to pay the taxes, Acoording to

typewritten and cowered three pagee ft |
wae dated May |, 008

It atated in detail Me Roohe's unederat ancd-
ing of the terme of the iwase and said that he |
had been unjustly obliged to pay out $6,700
of his money, and he wanted it back, A
part of the letter ran as follows: |

“ft wae to pay only $9,000 in taxes, and if |
that old pirate put anything ewy in the lease |
you muat not stand for it, If you was ceal- |
ing with a crook he would have paid the
$37,500 rental and let the tazes goto hell. I |
always protested about the taxes, but it was
of no use. Jone James in hia best days |
could not stick a man any better than I was |
atuck, It was a sandbagging game. |
must have my money, and will leave it to |
any honest man that the money belongs |
to me.” |

The Magistrate smiled aa he read the |
letter and when he had finished Mr. Morse |
said: |

“Tthink thie poor fellow is crazy. I don't
want to cliacusa this any longer.’

“You acted like a crasy man the other’
day when I wanted to talk to you,” re-
joined the defendant. “I claim that I
overpaid $6,700."

“You should see the bank people about
it. I have nothing further to do with it,”
eaid the complainant.

“I don’t see any evidences of insanity in

| the letter or in Mr. Roche's talk,” the Court

remarked.

“This man certainly is not right in his
mind,” came back Mr., Morse.

“I have every confidence in your judg-
ment, Mr. Moree, but I can see no evidence
of insanity.”

“Mr. Morse certainly lost his head the
other day,” the defendant remarked.

“Ho's crazy, all right,” came back the
complainant.

“But Roche thinks you're crazy, Mr.
Morse,” put in his Honor. ; ;

“No sane man would write auch a letter,””
said Mr. Moree. :

“Such treatment as I have had would
make any man crazy—almost,” said the ex-
Aaemblyman. 7

The Magistrate said he supposed that
what Mr.Morse wanted was assurance that

my understanding of the lease, I was'to | Roche would not molest him. The com-

pay the taxes up to $8,000 a year. Should
the taxes come to less than that I was. to

desired
get aYebate. If the taxes were more than: Roche

plainant replied that euch was whgt he

said he did not propose to molest

Moola any eneyear } sea gel tate naer | the complainant, He did not ihtend to
8

to pay the excess. was the cause of

the whole trouble. Two years after I had
taken the management of the hotel the
property was sold to the New Amsterdam
Rank. I thought everything would be al!
right, as Johnny. Carroll, @x-Mayor Van
Wyck and the others who control the bank
are friends of mine. At least, I thought
they were friends of mine.

“I was therefore very much surprised
when the taxes came to more than $10,000
and I was required to pay the whole amount.
This waa contrary to my understanding of
the lease. I protested against being obliged
to pay this exceas, but I was informed by
Mr. Miller, counsel for the bank, that I
would have to pay or be dispossessed.

“Well, this was hard on me, for juet be-
fore this I had purchased the furniture
and other things in the hotel and had re-
furnished the place at considerable cost.
They probably thought I was in a position
where I could not withdraw and so would

|
|

|

|
}

have to pay. That waa right; I did pay; |

but under protest. The next year there
was an excess of several thousand dollars
4 over the $8,000 tax agreement. What

could I do but grin and pay when I was °

4 threatened with ejeotment after investing
® much money in the hotel?

: “Since I got out of the Rossmore I have
d _ been trying to recover from Mr. Morse
: the excess of taxes that I paid. The sum
is $6,700. My efforts to have an amicable
trrangement haven't met with much suo-
cess so far I called on Mr. Morse and
hada talk with him, but got no satisfaction.
Then I found that he was trying to avoid
talking to me, I found him with a body-
guard, but he doesn't need a guard go fdr
as I am concerned.

“He charges me with threatening him,
Well, I had to write to him to lay my case
before him, as he refused to see me. There
is nothing in that letter that can be oon-
° tidered as a threat, T have a copy of it
here.”

Mr. Morse had a talk with Magistrate
Walsh and after a time the Magistrate
ordered the case to ke brought up. No
affidavit was made by the policéman who
made the arrest or by the complainant,
but the stenographer took down the ex-
amination. Policeman Daggett said he
&rrested the ex-Assemblyman on the com-
plaint of Mr. Morse, who said he feared
Personal harm from the defendant.

“This man is crazy. I want him exam-
ined," said Mr. Morse to the Magistrate.
“He threatened to do me harm. He has
molested me on the streets and threatened
to do so in the bank. He paraded up and
down in front of my home this morning.”

“Your Honor," interrupted Roche, “1
leased the Rossmore Hotel from Mr. Morse
for $87,500 rental and $8,000 taxes. After
‘he property was sold to the New Amster-
dam Bank they forced me to pay between
$2,000 and $3,000 a year extra. I didn’t
expect such treatment from Van Wyck,
Carroll and the others, who I thought
F were my friends and who now own the

hotel property. I took the case before a
certain Judge and he told me I was right.
"his was after I had bought the furniture,
and I didn't think they would do me in this
way, I was told if I didn't pay I would be
ejected. When I went to the New Amater-
dam Bank to see Mr. Moree he said: ‘Roche,
I'll do all I can to help you out.’ He ad-
‘ised me to sign thé lease. When this
‘rouble came up L went to them and told
them that the hotel was an old ono and
that the old beds were infested with tenants

 

 

After all, Usher's the Scoto:
Wat made the bienball famous. — doe

Two telephone 5
* ystems in New York would
furan for business men two books te, consult, wo

'8 to auswer, two bills to pay.—A,

‘

 

——— ee

‘ with the info

take the case into court. He wanted his
money if he could get %. If he could not
he would do without it.

The Magistrate then dismiased the case.

 

HOTEL

Leoked Across Street and Saw Burglare
Ciimbjng lite Broker’s House.

A guest of the Hotel Marie Antoinette
who chanced to look across the street early
yesterday morning saw four men on the
stoop of the house occupied Endicott
G. Putnam, a broker, at 134 West Sixty-
sixth street. He watched long enough
to see three of them climb into the house
through a window and then notified the
hotel clerk. The clerk telephoned Police
Headquarters aid the West Sixty-eighth
street stalion was told to send some one
down on the run,

When Houndsathan Ticho and Detective
Fritchman reached the house a man on the
stoop took to hig heels. Fritchman went
into the house, While Ticho followed the
The latter wae captured two

 

fleeing man,
blooks away.
Fritchman awoke Mr. Putnam by stum-
bling over a and after surprising him |
tion that he was enter-
detective asked him " !
They found the scuttle |

{
|
|
i
|
GUEST GIVES ALARM.

tainin burglars
help find them.
on the roof open, ‘but no burglars.

ed Lye the he a A hie cole

rsonal property ou w ;
aemaining ae, which was in his coat on @
hall tree, was gone.

The prisoner said he was Edward J. Hall,
1 years old, of 961 Weet Fifty-third street. |
When he was seafehed a pair of kid gloves ,
were found which Mr. Putnam later iden- |
tl as his. When arraigned in the West
Side court Hall said that he wi the
advice
said t

of counsel before he . He

he had a we as,
junior law olerk in the office arker, |
Hatch & Sheehan. He was held in $1,000

bail for examination. — ‘
|
}

 

MAN’S NAME NOT HIS SIGNATURE,

Winner of 1,000 Bet Not Able to Cash
Check Loser Signed in His Presence.
PrrrssuRnG, May 6.—Whether or not a

man oan forge his own name is a qu@stion

which the local courts may have to decide.

All clubdom in Pittsburg is talking of the

case which gréw out of a pool game played

at the Duquesne Club between Byron

Robertson, a wealthy iron broker, and

Kennedy Ewing, equally well known and

wealthy. The game had been going for

some time and was getting slow when one
player suggested that they play fifty points

for $1,000. ,

_ Ewirg lost the game and promptly drew

his check for $1,000 on the Second National

Rank.
Rebertson deposited the check but was

called to the | ank later and informed that

the signature was rot that of Ewing.
Robertson protested, declaring that he
had seen Ewing sign it, bnt the cashier |
was obdurate and showed him Ewing's |
legal signature, which was wholly different |
from the one attached to ihe check. \

 

Robertson went to Ewing for an ex-
planation, but it is alle, that Ewin,
treated the whole matter as a joke an
merely laughed Robertson out of it. But
Robertson was angry and placed the matter
in the hands of John M ve, one of the
best known attorneys at the ease bar.
There it now rests. Robertson and Ewing
ind peo refuse to discuss the matter
at all.

Attorney MoCleave admitted that the
case was in his hands, but declared that an
attempt is being made to settle it outside
the courts. . |

Poland Sprihg Hlonse Opens May
Hir Ricker & Sons announce that thelr

to
specie rep niative wi Be ot the Resort Bureau,’
r, Ny t. Cor, Bway and 26th St. (

tO 25th) *.0 arrange for boskinre ne answer al }
: ring. Age |

80th.

 

raing he
on House et Poland 8p Me

:
‘

| eontraat with any American

| probabl

copted with a calm whieh wre in eherp
city on the

Porte were theonged @ith crowds rending
|
|
|
|
|

niaht of a national election

French election returne are always quick,
and the result in Paria wae known soon
after 10 o'clock, It appeared that there
had been no choice that ie, no candidate
had received a majority in thirteen out of
forty ciatricta

lt would be easy in any other country

| where party lines are distinetly drawn to

draw clear oonehisions by comparing to-
day's vote with that of 1902. Here this is

impossible. The gains and losses of the
Government candidates in Paria when
summed up show on the whole a «slight

gain in the net total in favor of the bloc.
At 1 o'clook returns had been received
from rather more than one-quarter of France,

| and the best estimates of the political com-

plexion of the successful candidates show
a net gain of seven seats for the present
régime. '

Thore was no choice in one-third of the
districts thus far reported. It seema aafe
to assume at this hour that the Govern-
ment will retain control of the Chamber of
Deputies. Detaile and figures from the
various districts show thatthis result was
produced by @ curious wonflict of cross
currents.

First, it is clear that the country strongly
approved the reparation of Church and
State, and second, the great increase in the
Socialist vote which was generally expected
and which assuredly would have been
polled if the election had taken place ten
days ago has not been shown.

This is because of the great resentment
among M. Clemenceau's Socialist friends
on account of his change of policy between
the Pas de Calais outbreak and May 1.
The Joss in this direction was more than
counterbalanced by gains among the
general conservative elements of the popu.
lation. The French people as a whole
want peace, domestio and foreign. They
beeame convinced during the past few
days that the present régime is the best
available means to this end. Hence they
rallied to its support, It i# too early to
speak with entire confidence, but present
information points strongly to this con-
clusion.

The returns after midnight came slower
tnan in former elections, but at 1:30 o'clock
they were of the same genera! tenor as
those of the early evening.

While the strike here is increasing it is
weakening in the provinces. The strikers
at Dunkirk, by an overwhelming vote,
have agreed to resume work on the old
terms. At Brest the movement has col-
lapsed. In Lens the mef are resuming.
The strikers at St. Etienne will resume work
on Tuesday. At Toulon the strike maine
tains its ground.

The following notice has been posted
at the Tabor Exchange: “The general
strike of the builders is an actual fact. All
strikers in the building trades reserve the
right to coerce renegades, no matter to
what union they belong and by every
method.” The notice ends; “Up then,
comrades, and strike. Be brief.”

The Panhard automobile works are
closed. Fifteen hundred out of 3,000 cop-
per workers have struck. ’

Paris, May 7.—The indications are that
no important person will be absent from
the new Chamber except ex-Minister Jaures,
the Socialistic leader, whose election is
doubtful. His district is always, close,
There is every reason to believe that the
hope of the militarists to form a party

| of discontented ex-officers has failed.

Gen. Zurlinden has been beaten at Belfort.
Col, Marchand, although he is at the head
of the poll in his district, will probably be
beaten on the second ballot by a combina-
tion of his opponents. Driand isin a similar
position. Dérouléde's lieutenant, Habert,
is defeated. The former bloc Ministers
Berteaux, Brisson and Pelletan all have
been reelected.

The Nationalists have distincitly lost
ground in Paris. Grosjean has beuten
Flourens. Guyot de Villeneuve, Auffray
and Congy will stand a poor chance on
the second ballot. The whole military
movement, in fact, found little support at
the polls.

At 2 o'clook the results in 200 districts
out of 687 show: No choioe, 72. The bloc
gains 18 and loses 2, making its net gain 16.

At 8 o'clock the returns from more than
half the country indicate that a govern-
ment majority is assured. Same of the
Jatest. returns are surprising, even Brittany,
which is a stronghold of the Church, elect-
ing Socialists over Clericals. Viscount
Rosooat, whose family has been repre-
sented in Parliament from time imme-
morial, has been defeated by a Radical
Socialist. Paul Dérouldde failed to obtain
a maiority, and will go to a second ballot.

The latest figures from the provinces
show large gains in the Socialist vote, al-

though not sufficient to change their repre-
sentation except in two or three districts.
At 40’clock the returns from 33) districts

 

|

 

 

The news of the attempted aanaaaination
ie keenly diseumed by the members of the
Hume, who are now gathering in the capital,
Itiathe impression among several of them
that the terroriat party, whieh wae ab-
normally quiet throughout the elections,
ia determined to do ite utmost to prevent
the pacific transition which the diamical
of Count Witte and Minister of the Interior
Durnovo foreshadows as a possibility of

| the (var annowneing liberal concowlons to

the exiating Duma, It is knoWna, more-
over, that several members of the secret
police who are Nihiliate, are members of the
terroriet wing of the revolutionary party
They had an opportunity for facilitating
to-day's attempt.

Lonpon, May 7.—Correspondenta at St. |
Petersburg and Moscow telegraph a rumor
that Goy. Doubasaoff ia either dying or
dead, Nothing official can be obtained. It |
is said that the bomb was hidden in a bunch
of violets that was thrown into the Gov-
ernor’s carriage not far from the scene of
the assassination of Grand Duke Sergius.

The coachman was killed and the horse
bolted, dragging the detached forepart
of the carriage. It is recalted that Gov.
Doubassoff directed the repressive meas-
ures in the Moscow outbreaksin the autumn,
since when the revolitioniste have hated
him.

The correspondent of the Telegraph says
he visited Count Witte in St. Petereburg
last week, when he said he did not advise
the rescinding of the restrictive laws, which
have been continued since the outbreak.

{

TO PROSECUTE GORKY. |
Russia Will Charge Him With Inciting

Revolutionary Movement Abroad.

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun, |

St. PETBRSBURG, May 6.—It is stated that |

Maxim Gorky will be prosecuted again for

inciting a revolutionary anti-Russian move-

ment abroad, ‘ ~

{

|

 

 

BAN ON TRAILING SKIRTS.

Nordhausen Women Sdbject to Fine fer
Wearing Them.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rerun, May 6.—The order of the au-
thorities at Nordhausen forbidding women
to Wear trailing skirts within the boundaries
of the town on the ground that they scatter
germs and are a4 public nuisance haa re-
sulted in an angry controversy. The
police have been ordered to arrest all of-
fenders, who will be liable to a fine of $8
for the first offence. Obdurate repeaters
will be liable to imprisonment,

The women claim the right to wear their
gowns as they please, and the legality of
the prohibition will be tested in court.

 

 

AUTO RACE OVER MOUNTAINS.

Florte Trophy Won by an Italian Over a
DiMicult Course. *
Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THE SUN. |

PALERMO, Mafy 6.—What was probably
the most dangerous automobile race ever.
run took place to-day for the Florio trophy.
The course, which was 9! miles long, ran
through a country that was as picturesque
as it was difficult. It followed extremely
rough mountain roads, where the gradients
were sometimes one in thirteen, passing
over mountains more than 3,000 feet in
height.

The competitors were
four Frenchmen and a Bolgian. An Italian
of the name of Cagno won. Two cars
were overturned on steep gradienta and
their drivers were hurt. A French woman
drove her husband's car faultlessly.

 

three Italians,

 

FIVE MORE ARRESTS IN PASSAIC,

Firemen Sworn In as Deputies and Armed
With Repeating Riftes.

Passarc, N. J., May 6.—A more than of-
dinary Sunday calm to-day followed yes-
terday's labor riot in Passaic, There was
no disturbance of any kind among the
Italians, There were plenty of rumors as |
to what is likely to happen to-morrow |
morning when the concrete men attompt |
to resume work on the Herald building, the |
scene of yesterday's trouble, Chief of
Police Hendry has been workjng all day
with Mayor Greenlie and Under Sheriff
Joseph Bergen, getting ready to protect
the workmen and prevent any further
trouble to-morrow.

A large number of firemen and others
have been sworn in as deputies to aid the
police, and arrangements have been made
to arm al] with repeating rifles. Chief
Hendry believes, however, that the strikera
are thoroughly frightened as a result of
yesterday's happenings and will make
no further show of violence. The Italians
seem to be without leaders. Charles Rossi,
the walking delegaté who wie arrested
and discharged on Friday, has not beea

|
|

show there was no choice in 91. One hundred | geon in Paasaio since. There are rumora

and forty-nine Ministerialists have been
elected and 91 members of the opposition.
The net Government gain is 14.

Some cisturbances are.reported at Car- |

maux, M. Jaures's district, which caused
an interruption in the polling. éaures is
defeated,

Renault Morliére, leader of the Progres-

| sists, haa been defeated by a Clerical.

Panis, May 7, 5 A. M.—The results are
now known in 508 districts. They are as
follows. Mini-terialists elected, 285; oppo-
sition, 141; no results, 127. The Ministerial
gains are 82; losses, 9; net gains, 23.

Count Boni de Castellane has been elected.
Count Stanislius de Castellane was de-
feated: :

The Radical Socialist press raises its
voice in a nof victory. It claims that
France's definite voice has pi med
that the country ia done with Catholicism

P aris, May 7, 5:50 A. M.—It is now stated

{ that ex-Minister Jaures has heen elécted.

Two telephone systems in York would
eae for business men two books to cumsult, two
to answer, two bills to pay.—Ad@.

 

| every day, affords the quickost tine from ver

of reenforcements from out of town toaid |
the strikers, but the polios give them little |
credence.

Five more Italians were arreate yes-
terday afternoon, making thirty-seven in
all, charged with participating in yester-
day's riot. The police say they have a
clear case against nearly all of thé prisoners.

Latest Marine intettigence.
Arrived: Ss Masstita, Gibraltar.

To those wha may be obliged to go to San
Francisco the famous “Lake Shore Limited,” leav -
ing New York by the New York Central ay 5:80 P.M, |

 

 

York: 9 hours and 15 minutes, or four days
hours and clghteca minutes.--Ade.

Poland Spring, Summer Season.

The Poland Spring House opens May 30th, 1006,
The Mansion House opey throughout the year, A
a representative | remain at the Resort

ree ger N. cE. Cee Eek aed oe St. |
( e engagements answer

quires. tel 4148 Madnage

Waters, who ia in the insurance huainens
at @ Cedar atreet

Mra. Watere wae about 0 geare off, and
her daughter Agatha 22 years old, The
Waters home ia a large brownstone front
howe.

There are two other daughters in the
family, Mies Ruth, who is the eldest, and
Grace.

It wae said at the house that Mre. Waters
had killed herself and daughter while she
was in a fit of temporary insanity.

According to a etatement made by Mr.
Waters, he was aroused by a pistol shot
and found that his wife was absent from
Rushing out into the hallway
he saw his wife emerge from the room oc-
cupied by Mies Agatha, and before Waters
could reach the side of his wife she placed
the revolver muzzle to her right temple and
fired.

The others in the house were aroused by
this time and one of the servants rushed
acrogs the street to the home of Dr. Ralph
A. Stewart, at 143 West Seventy-sixth
street.

He hurried to the house and expressed
the opinion that both women had died in-
stantly. From the position in which the
body of the daughter was found, the doctor
and others who saw the body think that
she was sleeping soundly and never knew
what had happened. =

The police of the West Sixty-eighth
street station reported to Police Head-
quarters early this morning that Mrs.
Waters had shot and killed her daughter
while the latter was asleep in her room on
the third floor of the house and then, pro-
ceeding to the hallway of the second floor,
ehot and killed herself.

John R. Waters is a member of the
Lawyers and Manhattan clubs, the Muni-
cipal Art Sooiety, the Metropolitan Museuin
of Art and the Aldine Association.

 

SLOT MACHINES DUMPED IN,

Although Forbidden, in Brooklyn Exten-
sion of the Subway.

The fight to instal] slot. machines in that
section of the subway below the Brooklyn
Bridge, which is part of the Brooklyn ex-
tension, has been started all over again by
some one, acting apparently with the per-
mission of the Belmont company. At 7
o'clock yesterday morning a gang of men
began unloading slot machines at all of
the@ stations below the Bridge station.
There was no interference with them on
the part of the subway employees,

Nine machines were placed at the Fulton
street station, eight at Wall street, five at
Bowling Green and four at South Ferry,
twenty-six in all, They did a brisk busi-
ness yesterday. What kind of business
they will do to-day may depend upon the
Rapid Transit Commission.

The second, or Brooklyn extension, sub-
wey contract contains an express provie
sion against advertising <dlevioes or any

use of the subway for commercial purposes |

unless the writte consent of the commis-
sion shall first have been obtained.
is why no gilt fromed advertising signs
have ever appexred in those stations, and
members of the Rapid Trangit Commission
held that this provision also barred out
slot machines. In this they were backed
up by their counsel. ‘

Soon after the section was opened, how-

ever, the slot machine man appeared and |

began to install his machines at the Fulton
street station. It was evidently done to

see what would happen,forthe Rapid Transit |

Commission had men there to tear the ma-
chines out as soon as they were putin. That
was months ago, and there had been no at-
tempt to insta'l any more since until yes-
terday.

Secretary Burrows of the commission
said last night that the installation of the
slot machines yesterday had been done
without any written permission of the
board and that the commission undoubtedly
would act in the matter. ;

There is at present a test suit pending in
the court concerning the right of the Bel-
mont company to allow any advertising in
any part of the subway. Thig includes
slot machines as well as signs. The Bel-
mont company let out the privilege for the
signs and slot machines to the W, &
Gow company. At the time that the Tight

was made to oust the ads from the subway |

it waa pointéd out by the commission that
the second contract had been drawn with
a view of keeping out all such things from
the Brooklyn extension.

 

Warrants for Prince and Princess.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tae Sux,

Berirn, May 6.-- Warrants have been
issued for the arrest of Prince von Wrede
and hfs wife, both of whom are stil. in Spain
and in whore Casiio Baseduw, Meckienburg,
a large quantity of stolen silver was recently
found. A warrant has also been issued for
the housekeeper of the castle, who is ac-
cused of perjury while under examination
regarding the silver, The warrants againat
the Prince and Princess do not state tha
charge.

_

 

Poland Sprivga Wonuw. Special representative
wil) be at the Resort Puresu, a Moor. N iB, Cor.
Bi way and | Ath St. (May 10th te 25th) to meke en

meqetacsite Ona satisfy ull inquiries concerning the |
fi Lac |

reatly enlarged.
Say —Ady

eee oranon a 1 ct Poland Spring.
Ouse (always open)
oe Poland voring House o.

‘

‘

This |

t

A comparion of the writing in (these
letters ahowed that they had been written
by the same person, and the handwriting
identified by aome as being Paator
Rain's. Dietriet Attorney Podine began

an investigation and found that the paper |

| on whieh the letters had heen written waa
similar to paper found inthe pastor's study.
| it je aaid while Pastor Bain did not con-

| fome that he @et fire to the church he did

|
}

admit that much of the evidence in pow. |

aeasion of the District Attorney waa cor-
} rect and made a strong case against him.
| No motive ia known for the burning of the
| church except that Pastor Bain may have
| hoped to profit by the collection of the
funda which it ia known he had golicited
and received for the rebuilding of the
church. The general belief is that the
pestor's mind is affected. He is 5 yeara
old.

CREW OF LOST WAKRSHIP FOUND,

 

 

Stranded on an African Istend, Portuguese
Survivers All Well.
Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.

Lisson, May 6.—The Portuguese warship
Baptista Andrado, which was carrying a
new Governor to Mozambique, disappeared
some months ago. It has now been found
that she was driven ashore by a cyclone on
an uninhabited African island. When
found all hands were living Crusoe-like.
All were well.

ZULUS BEATEN IN BATTLE,

British Repulse an Attack Near the Grave
of Cetewayo.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Dunpan, Natal, May 6.—A force of Zulus
attacked Col. Mansel'’s column near the
grave of Cetewayo (famous Zulu chief) to-
day, but they were repulsed with a loss of
about sixty killed and wounded.

The blacks are estimated to have num-
bered nearly 1,500.

They were apparently

 

advancing in their traditional cresosnt |

formation, intending to envelop Col. Man-
sel. About 200 of them attacked prema-
turely, charging Col.. Mansel’s advance
guard almost to their rifle muzzles. The
charge completely failed, despite the fact
that it was made with characteristic Zulu
bravery. The colonial force had three men
wounded.

Col. Mansel in his report says that the
steadinaas of the Durban Light Infantry at
a critical stage of the attack prevented
the whites from sustaining very serious
casualtios. The.native police attached to
the-mounted rifles behaved courageously,
Col. Manse! captured a quantity of cattle
and burned severa! kraals.

 

ROSEWATER FOR THE SENATE,

Nebraska Editor Announces His Candidacy
Against Millard, |

OmaHA, Neb., May 6.—Edward Rose-
water, veteran editor of the Omaha Bee
and the best known Republican politician
in the West, will on Monday morning in
his own newspaper announos his candi-
dacy for the United States Senate, to suc-
ceed Senator Millard.

In his announcement Mr. Rosewater calls
attention to the fact that he has advocated
for many years the principles now held b
President Faoserelt. . :

Mr. Rosewater is now in Rome as the
representative of the United States at
the International Postal Congress. He
has long been an dntagonist of the rail-
road in politics and is a national figure.
During the war he was a telegraph operator
in the White House and worked as Presi-
| dent Lincoln's private operator.

 

| MARBLEHEAD ON HURRY CRUISE,

|

 

Ordered to Prepare Quickly for a Trip to
Honolulu,

OAKLAND, Cal., May 6.—The cruiser Mar-
blehead is being hurriedlv prepared for a
mysterious mission to Honolulu. She will
gail probably Wednesday night. Orders
| for her departure were received by Ad-
| miral Goodrich on Saturday in a cipher
message from Washington and carly this
morning the Marblehead left for Mare
Island, where she is to go into dry dock
and also to take on a full supply of coal .

Admiral Goodrich said he had no knowl-
edge of the Marblehead's mission beyond
the fact she was bound for Honolulu. So
far as known there is no disturbance or
expected trouble there.

 

EDWIN W. CLARK A SUICIDE.

 

Retired Cotton Broker Shoots Himself
--Had Been Ill of Bright’s Diseaac.
Edwin William Clark, a retired cotton
broker and a former member of the New
| York Cotton Exchange, committed suicide
yesterday morning in his apartments at
the Hotel Marseille, Broadway and 108d
street, by shooting himself in the head
;.with @ revolver. He died before his wife
| could reach him.
| Mr. Clark was 64 years old and waa a
native of this city. He retired from busi-

Seen pipeeeeenanesesateeaeepaetioneete raeeremeeee

ness some years ago. Since early in No-
vember he and hie wife had been living at
the Marseille. They had a suite on the
eighth floor consisting of six rooms anda
| bath. Fora long time Mr. Clark had been
@ sufferer from Grigit's disease. Accord-
ing to tuo statement whioh Mrs. Clark
made to Coroner Harburger, his trouble
became worse recently and in the last few
| days he had complained of being in great

| pain.
| Aocording to Mrs. Clark she and Mr.
Clark had been married ten years. She

| said that she came from Shelburne, Maas.
She seemed to be a woman under 80. Mrs.
Clark told the Coroner that there was
nothing except the pain her husband had
been suffering from that could have led
| him to kill himgelf, as thsy had plenty of
| money. and had been very happy.

The West Shore Ratlread is the $8.90 Itne to

 

r

*

through tbe ohne Valley Pen Hudson and.

SS

from ahoal water at 690 o'clock, and would
have taken a hand in the proomeding but
for the inability fo get a hawaer aboard
the battleship.

When the naval tugs reached the stranded
warchip after a thirty mile run from the
Norfolk Nvy Yard they found the Rhode
faland’s now poked high on the bar at the
enatern entrance to the York River. Rarig
thin morning the cruiser Minneapolia en
deavored to get a line aboard the Rhode
Teland's stern with the assiatanoe of the
naval tug Uneas. In manauvring the
Uneas waa in collivion with the Rhode Idland
and carried away part of her rail, Later
the Mohawk went aground alongside the
Rhode feland while passing ahawser aboard
that vessel, but eventually got afloat.

Efforte to float the Rhode Island at high
tide this morning were futile. At low
tide to-day the fact was disclosed that the
battleship was drawing twenty-four feet
of water aft and eighteen feet forward.
Water wae pimped from the forward tanks
aft and every piece of portable material
waa shifted from the forward part of the
ship with a view of lightening thatjquarter.
This afternoon the naval eee
up for a strainat the battleship at hig
tide.

Their efforts were successful. The Rhode
Island then dropped anchor in the mouth
of York River and will come to Hampton
Roads to-morrow morning.

It is believe:| that the course cf the war-
ship was laid tuo far to the eastward in
entering York River.

The Wahnete, Mohawk and Hercules
returned to the navy yard to-night, leav-
ing the Uncas standing by the Rhode Island.
It is not known to-night the extent of the
injury to the ship.

It develops that no native pilot was taken
aboard the battleship when she entered
the capes. The Virginia pilots say that
one was offered, but refused. No other
pilot would have undertaken to take the
ship to York Bay.

The battleship is supposed to have passed
in the Virginia capes at 4:40 o'clock yés-
terday morning. It took her probably
three hours to get from the capes to the
point at which she ran aground, and if
that be true she went ashore at high water.

There was fair weather at York Spit
yesterday morning and no sea was run-
ning. The wind at Cape Henry at 8 o'clock
yesterday morning was blowing from the
southwest four miles an hour.

The Rhode Island is commanded by Capt.
Perry Garst. It is his first battleship
command. Capt. Garst has had nearly
forty-three years service in the navy. Of
this period he served twenty years on sea
duty. He served one year and five months
under his commission as commander.
Prior to taking command of the Rhode
Island, when she was commissioned re-
cently, he had been an shore duty since
Febrnary, 1902. He became a captain in
June, 1901, and the Rhode Island was his
first command under that commission,

CAN'T CARRY FAKE REVOLVERS,

It's a Crime Under the Law Whether the Gun
WIN Shoot or Not,

Abram Elterman, 17 years old, of 244
Clinton street, was arraigned in Essex Mar-
ket police court yesterday morning charged
with carrying concealed weapons. What
was more, h® was held for trial despite the
fact that the revolver was unloaded and
was not in a condition to be used even if
there had heen cartridges in it.

The trouble began with a fire next door
to the house where Elterman lives. He
waa inside the lines and Patrolman Thomas
Manning of the Madison street station re-
quested him to get out. Elterman refused
on the ground that he was in front of his
own house, The policeman arrested him
and then discovered that he had a
revolver in his pocket. The officer ad-
mitted that it was a “phony” gun, but it
was a gun just the same and the carrying of
one without a permit is now acrime. Elter-
man explained that he was employed in
a brokerage house, and that he carried the
useless revolver to frighten any one who
might happen to attack him when he was
in charge of money. Magistrate Steinert
read the provision of the new law over
again and saw no discrim)nation made
between real and fake revolvers, so said
he would have to hold Elterman.

 

f ODELEL “DARE” REPEATED,
No Agreement Yet Upon a New Man for

State Chairman.

Senator Louis F. Goodsell of Oran ge,
looked upon by Republicans as Odell's
Senator for the past half dozen years, was
asked yesterday if he is to be renominated
this fall.

“Oh, yes,” he replied, “if Odell remains
at the head of the State committoe.”

“If not?”

“Then I do not care to go back to ths
Senate,” said Senator Goodsell.

Tae Sun's announcement of April 20
that Odell's friends in the Republican State
committee had dared his opponents to un-
seat him as chairman before the State
convention in September was revived yes-
terday. The “dare” was reiterated with
vigor by Odellites.

It turned out that ex-Gov. Frank 8,
Black and cthers are opposed to Timothy
L. Woodruff for chairman of the committe»
and that, while there are etill over twenty
c¢cmmitteemen who want Odell retired at
once, there is no unanimity as to his euc-
cessor, and also no enoouragement from
Gov. Higgins or the Governor's friends at
Albany to get together in an effort to unite
on @ successor.

“If Mr. Woodruff is to be the man,” said
a Republican Congressman, “Blaok and
State committeemen in New York city will
have to change their present views.”
—_—<—,-

Two telephone systems in New York™would
pas oer business men two bookg jo Cqpeulte 590

0_quayrer,,tmo bills 19, py

 

 

ae

i