\

VOL, LXXIL—NO, 341,
SARATOGA GAMBLING FIGHT ON

ULLMAN OPENS ANDIS PROMPTLY
RAIDED. °

   
    

  

 

Whe Three Proprietors and All the Em-
ployees Arrested—The Principals Held

. in #500 Ball for Examination—Uliman
Not to Make Complaint Against Canneld.

SARATOGA, Aug. 6.—The fun has begun,
The Bridge Whist Club, in Phila street,
half a blook east of Broadway, operated by
Joe Ullman, Max Blumenthal and William
Mackin, was raided by: the police shortly
after 11 o'clock to-night, when all the
wheels were going round and the cards
were slipping smco hly from the deal box.

Ullman, Mackin, Blumenthal, all the
croupiers at the one double and two single
roulette wheels, and the dealer and lookout
at the one faro bank table were arrested
and taken to police headquarters. None
of the patrons whose play had been inter-
rupted was interfered with. They were
grateful for such consideration on the part
0’ the police and accepted No, 23 in settle-
ment of all beta. !

Ullman, his partners and crew were
arraigned at police headquarters thirty
minutes after the raid before Police Magis-
trate Delaney and all of the crew discharged.
_ The three principals were held in $500 bail

each for examination on Thursday morning

at 9 o'clook.

The raid was not unexpected after Tun
Sun got here this morning with the an-
nouncement of the intention of thé Sara-
toga authorities to control gambling by
confining the business to three clubs—
Canfield’s, the Manhattan and the United
States. Incidentally it may be recorded
that not a copy of THE Sow could be bought
in this village after 10 o’clook this morning.

As soon as Ullman, who has a legion of
friends among the sporting men of the
country, had read THE SuN he unlimbered
and got ready for action. He first of all re-
tained Mr, Hirsohfiald of the New York law
firm of Hoge & Hirschfield. Then at about
1 o'clock he declared himself in the lobby
af Congress Hall as follows:

“If it is true, as announced, that the
Saratoga authorities intend to create a
gambling monopoly I am going to fight.
I shall open my place as usual to-night,
and the police may raid it if they like. If
they do [I shall instruct my attorneys to
lay the whole situation before the Governor
of the State, and we'll see whether there
will be a gambling monopoly er not.”

Meantime, perhaps unhbeknown to UII-
man, Mr. Hirsehfleld had a talk with certain
of the State powers, in the course of which
he said in substance what Uliman had said
in the lobby of the hotel where he is stopping.
To Mr, Hirschfield the following statement
was made:

“You may say to Ullman that no law-
breaker can defy the constituted authori-
ties of the village. If he opens his place
to-night he will be raided as surely as he
opens. Neither he nor any other law-
breaker will be permitted to dictate for a
second what he will or will notdo, As for
referring Saratoga matters to the Governor,
that will be quite unnecessary. If he will
go to much less trouble and simply make
a complaint against any other alleged
gambling house it will be promptly raided
and closed. The principals will be ar-
rested and dealt with according to law.”

“Do you mean," inquired Mr. Hirschfield
in apparent amazement, “that should
Ullman lodge acomplaint against Canfield’s,
for instance, Canfield would be arrested and
his place closed?”

“We mean egactly that,” was the answer.
“Canfield stands within no Richelieu circle
in this town, and if he is violating the law
he will be dealt with like any other lawe
breaker.”

The New York lawyer left the conference
somewhat dazed but satisfied. The pxg-
gramme,, therefore, as it is understood
to-night, is that Ullman will make ‘a com-
plaint against Canfiel@ or one of the other
“three of a kind,” and the raided will get
the same dose as Ullman. Thus the old,
old story, the story of Long Branch, of
Palm Beach, of every other resort . where
the green cloth has been spread—the

_ gamblers themselves killed the goose that
laid the golden egg.

Here is Ullman’s statement, made to
THE SUN correspondent shortly after he

was arrested:

“We were raided because we interfered
with somebody. Mr. Canfield is a ‘rich
man; but I have never heard that wealth
makes an illegitimate business, immune.
We were invited to come here [which state
ment is disputed by the ‘authoritative
natives], and we opened our place last
year, We did a good business and had a
fine class of customers. We did so well
that we bought a piece of property in Spring
street, cleared it of a lot of tumbledown
buildings which had been an eyesore to
the locality and increased the value of
surrounding real! estate 100 per cent.

“Before the season of 1905 closed we
heard that we were in somebody's way.
Had we runa 10 cent joint nobody, I imagine
would have found any fault, and we would
not have been found in the way of any-
body's progress to greater weglth. We
had been open partly not more than twenty-
four hours thig. season before we were made
to feel that we were even more of a stum-
bling block than we were last year. Theend
has crowned the work,

“The end, did I say? Well, we haven't
quite seen the end of this yet. As soon as
our bonds have been arranged for I ‘shall
go right back, and if the “tools” have not
been confiscated I shall open the house
@gain and continue to rum, in spite of a
raid every ten seconds, just @s long as any
one else does. When they have been put
out of business, I'll quit.”

“Are you going to lodge a complaint
@gainst Canfield?” Ullman was asked.

“I have no such intention,” was the
reply. “I'm against a monopoly of any-
thing, and I'm going to fight this one by
continuing my efforts to break into it.”

“Are you going to lay the matter before the
Governor?”

“The Governor, I imagine, has enough
trouble of hisown, I know I have.”

While Uliman’s warmest friends agree
With him in his desire for a ‘square deal,
every one of them deploret she course he
took in defying the law and the men here
Who execute it. One of the best known
gamblers and racetrack followers in this
country, who has been a lifelong friend of
Ullman, made the following gtatement
shortly after the raid was made: $
_ “Ullman is in bad. A gambler, at best,
is only a ble nuisance, He has

community. The gam-
reo oul. ot Lane:

   

 
 
   
    
  

and no one knows |t better than Joe Ullman
and Dave Johnson. If Uliman found
he couldn't run here, he ought to have done
What Big Jim Kennedy did when he got the
news, shut up his house and his mouth.
He couldn't do either, however, and the re-
sult is that he has pat himself and everybody
else out of business,

Ullmay had something to say about the
meek and lowly way in which “large James”
Noy rd Notice.

© order to Kennedy was sim a
stall,” said Uliman. “Canfield re ue
Place, and it is quite natural, therefore,
that he should take his medicine and say
nothing. Why wouldn't he?”

No raid had been made at Canfield’s at
12:30 this morning. The game was running
there, but strictly under the rules prescribed
by the edict of August 5, The doors between
the gambling room and the restaurant
were closed, but quality was at the tables
and the play was what the proprietor might
call encouraging. Two of the best known
bookies in New York were flirting with for-
tune, and fortune was smiling. The spirit
of joy pervaded the players,. The restaurant
was crowded with diners, Every goose ape
peared to be a swan and every lass a queen.

ON

HIGGINS TAKES A HAND.

Threatens to Remove the Sheriff of Saratoga
County,

ALBANY, Aug. 6—Gov. ' Higgins to- t
sent a telegram to the auert of truees
county threatening to remove him from
office if he permitted gambling tn Canfield’s
clubhouse. This is the telegram the Gov-
ernor sent to the Sheriff:

“It having come to my notice that the
statutes prohibiting the keeping of gam-
bling establishments and gambling appe-
ratus and otherwise prohibiting gambling
are or are likely to be systematically vio-
lated in the county of Saratoga, I hereby
specially call your attention to the same
matter, and warn you that you will be held
strictly accountable for the due execution
of the law in this regard in your county.”

 

CUSTOMS HAD AN EAR ABOARD.

It Heard That Herr Vogel Was Bringing
Diamonds In.

While the steamship Bluecher was out
on the ocean, many miles from New York,
several passengers in the smoking room
had an argument as to just how hard a
customs officer would look for dutiable
goods.

One said that the customs officers really
did not go vary deep into a trunk, and that
it wasn't the hardest thing in the world to
beat the Government. Even an amateur
could get by with the goods.

Herr 8, Vogel listened to the conversa-
tion, and, it is reported, joined in with the
remark:

“I believe that it is easy, and I will bet
you that I get three diamond rings into
the country without the least bit of trouble.”

“If you do you area bird,
body.

“Just you watoh,” said Mr. Vogel, though
he didn’t bet.

Mrs. Vogel came down from Hartford

to meet bet husband ‘and. wagon the pier
when the ship was warped into her berth.

Mr. Vogel ran down the gangplank to
greet her, and soon they were chatting
while they waited for Mr. Vogel’s baggage
to be passed.

Inspector Reiczkiewicz approached.

Said he to Mr. Vogel, “Let me ape your
handbag.”

Mr. Vogel handed it over and a faint smile
came over his face. There was nothing tn
it but a toothbrush and several other
artjcles of personal comfort.

“How about the three diamond rings?"
asked the customs man. Mr. Vogel was
so busy talking to Mra. Vogel that he did
not seem to hear. But the customs man
insisted. He said that he had heard about
the three diamond rings. Mr. Vogel
stripped a big solitaire from his starboard
hagd. Then he found another on his port
third finger. A third solitaire was located
in his pocketbook and in another book
was found a fourth solitaire and a ring with
two pigeon blood rubies and a diamond.
The whole outfit was valued at about a
thousand dollars.

GETS REPRIEVE FOR HIS SON

Hurries With News to a Fricnd, Faints, Falls
Down Stoop and Is Killed.

Hartman Wenzel, 65 years old, overcome
by heat and excitement, fell fainting from
a stoop last evening and was killed. Won-
zel, a retired cabinetmaker, who lived with
his wife at 163 Qentral avenue, Williams-
burg, had one gon, a convicted murderer,
condemned to be executed. The father
had been striving to get the death sentence
commuted. After great efforts he suc-
ceeded so far as to obtain a stay of execu-
tion. With this news he hurried to the
house of his pastor, the Rev. Herman A,
Schnatz at 975 Bushwick avenue.

The old man in his excitement hurried
along for over a mile regardless of the heat.
The pastor had helped him to get the reprieve
and he was anxious to bear him the news.
As he stood at the olergyman’s door, waiting
to be admitted, he fainted and felLbackward
down the steps. An ambulance came from
Bushwick hospital, but Surgeon Thompson
said that the man had been instantly kilied
by fracture of the skull.

The son whom he had been trying to save
is John Wenzel, 25 years old, an only eon.
After serving a sentence in the Kings county
penitentiary for burglary he killed George
Spatz, a hotel keeper of 475 Maroy avenue,
in revenge for getting him arreated. The
murder was done on May 6,and but for his
father's efforts Wenzel would have been
executed during the present week.

—_— -

DEAF MUTE WOMAN ROBBED.

Feund in a Dazed Condition in The Bronx
Par Frem Home.

A crowd about a woman who seemed to

have been roughly handled brought Mounted

Policeman Fox to 177th street and Third

" replied some-

7

 

 

   
   
   
 

  
 

  
   
 
  
   

BANK CLOSED; $700,000 GONE,

PRESIDENT AND CASHIER BOTH
ARE OUT OF REACH.

 

 

Warrant Issued fer the Latter Charging
Embezzlement —Racetrack Gambling
Alleged -Depesiters Mob Doors—One
Drope Deadi—Begus Notes Feund.

Cu1cado; Aug. 6.--The Milwaukee Avenue
State Bank, 400 Milwaukee avenue, was
closed to-day by the State Bank Examiner.

The cause of the closing waé gross mal-
feasance on the part of two leading officers;

‘ President Paul O. Stensland and Cashier H.

W. Hering. It develops that the bank was
looted to the extent of about $700,000. Thts
amount in fictitious notes was found.

| It wae stated to-day by a member of the
Clearing House committee that the trouble
wae firat revealed by the president of the
bank himself, He is said to have communi-
cated with his son, Theodore, from St.
Paul; saying that the bank, which had
deposita of $4,000,000, largely eavings, was
insolvent, and telling why it was insolvent.

Acting upon this cue, the son is saifto have
notified the State Auditor, who sent Bank
Examiner Jones to make an examination.

It is not yet known what was done with
the money lost; whether the amount was
put in wildcat real estate speculation or in
the security market; but members of the
Clearing House committee were told that
fully $700,000 was wholly unprotected—
was represented entirely by bogus notes,

The Clearing House committee has no
authority in the premises. The Milwaukee
Avenue State Bank wage not a member of
the Clearing House and therefore was not
subject to the discipline of that institution.
It cleared through the American Trust
and Savings Bank, where, however, the State
Bank hed a smal! balance, so that the Ameri-
oan was not in a position to be aware of
what had taken place in the’ Milwaukee
avenue establishment.

It was said late this afternoon that Cashier
Hering's accounts are short $180,000. Her-
ing is declared to have got $1,000 on Satur-
day.

A warrant making the nominal charge
of embezzlement of $500 has been sworn
out and Hering is being sought by the police.

Examiner Jones was called on Saturday
to investigate the bank. By some he is
said to have been notified by the Clearing’
House committee. By others it is declared
that Theodore Stensland himself instigated
the inquiry. At all events Mr. Jones went
to work Saturday. He found things se-
riously wrong in the institution and con-
cluded it should be closed this morning.

When the time came Paul 0. Stensland,
the president, was found to be in St. Paul,
Minn., Cashier Hering had disappeared
and Ulich Daniela, aseiatant cashier, was
found to have been in Europefor two months

The bank was then closed and mobs of
depositors forming a motley orowi char-
acteristic of the region of whieh tne:
had been a feature for years besieged the
institution. ‘

Word was received from President Stens-
land this afternoon that he was about to
start for home, Meantime many detec
tives were searching for Hering, who was
declared by his daughter to have tele-
graphed that he was on the way .to the
bank. Hesing is reputed in Salle street
and also in the neighborh of his home
to be fond of gambling.

J. G. Visser dropped dead when told the
bank had failed. Visser was collector for
Avondale Council, Royal League, and had
on deposit in the bank all the council's
funds. He heard a rumor of the failur® and
went into a drug store at Armitage and
Milwaukee avenues, called up the bank and
when officially informed of the crash fell
dead.

Vice-President Stensland made the fol-
lowing statement this afternoon after a con-
ference with E. A. Potter, president of the
American Trust and Savings Bank, and
James B. Forgan, president of the First
National Bank:

“The cash on hand is $1,051,000, deposits
$4,200,000, and number of depositots 22,000.

“By the end of the week I expect to have
the bank open again and in good running
order, When Bank Examiner Jones came
here this morning he advised having a
warrant sworn out for the arrest of Cashier
Hering, charging him with the em le-
ment of $500. I went to Justice Caverly
and swore out the complaint.

“But I don't suspect Hering of having
misappropriated funds. His absence does
not cause suspicion. He has gone away
before, leaving the bank for a day or twé,
without notification or any word as to his
whereabouts. His accounts have always
been all right.”

Developments late this afternoon indl-
cate wholesale defalcations, forgeries and
crooked banking methods.

One of the stockholders, a leading interest
da.the financial world, said that the follow-
ing is an example of the way the looting
of the bank was covered: He, the stock-
holder, had borrowed $15,000 on his persona)
note from the Stensland bank. To-day it
was found there were two notes for $15,000
each among the alleged assets of the bank,
the last note being palpably a forgery
and the $15,000 being appropriated by the
forger.

Among other things it was discovered
that Cashier Hering had been a devotee
of the racetracks for some time. It was
not unusual for bookmakers to cal) him
up on the telephone and tell him what
would be done by such and such a horse
that day or the next. Hering would place
wagers as high as $2,000 on a single race,

The inference is general that Paul 0.
Stensiand and Hering worked in conjuno-
tion in their underhand deals.

The last report of this bank was made
on June 19, and is as follows:

     
    
 

avenue last evening. He found the woman RESOURCES,
dazed and trying to make herself under- Teens d discounts,........+ ee tass tes $9,209.172.12
stood by the deaf and dumb alphabet. Stocks and bonds........ is ;
At the station house she made a written | Real estate an ss 7heee <a
statement. She had been beaten and Exchanges for Clearing House,. 202.
robbed, she said, at the corner of Thirty- | Gnerks end ather cash seme + (Atib
Ke i
betes and Heath owmue be gare | ESlcitae at
Thirty-first street. She was too dazed to Total.. .cseeees Ooererecvercerevecvebess $4,097,474.80
explain how she got up from Thirty-firet LIEABILITIRG,
street to The Bronx.
After being attended to at the Fordham
Hospital, the woman was taken to the St,
Joseph Asylum for deaf mutes. / 94
st. Loulp Medal for French President. te
8 Cable Despatch to Ta Sun.
bude hee 6.— ntidge Jones has TOL cr rceee secre sere hee eeteeeeters $4, 007,474.80
bere expo | ‘The New York dent of the
ae

 

  

CLUNG TO CORSAIN'S RUDDER.

Exhausted Swimmer Baved by a Timely
Cateh as the Yacht Slowed Up.

The rudder of J. P. Morgan's yacht
Corsair afforded a perch for John Haesen-
rider, an exhausted ewimmer, in the East
River yesterday afternoon, As the vesee!

steaming down through Hell ‘Gate a
look git in the bow spied a man's head and
shoulders directly in the path of the cut-
water. A quick turn of the wheel eaved
the swimmer from being run down. The
hull glided past him as the vessel came
slowly to a stop. Then the crew looked
astern for the man, but he was not to be
seen,

A faint call from below caused them to
look over the stern. The swimmer had
grasped at the midder as it passed him.
He was too much exhausted to help himself
much. He was asked if he wanted to be
taken aboard and he said that he would
try to catch a line when. he had regained
his strength, Meantime the Corsair drifted
with the tide, and preparations were made
to lower a boat and pick him up,

One of the swimmer’s friends, William
G. Landorfer, who was on shore and saw
that Haesenrider was being borne out by
thé current, ran to the foot of Eighty-ninth
street and put out ina rowboat. The boat
quickly reached the Coreair and Haseen~
rider was hauled aboard and _ brought
ashore. He said he lived at 200 East 118th
street. With a companion he started from
the basin at Eighty-ninth street to swim to
the middle of the river.

They found the current stronger than
they had expected. They couldn't get baclt
and became separated. Hassenrider wae
almost exhausted when the yacht came
along. His companion, more fortunate,
was picked up by a tugboat.

SCARED ’'EM IN THE POST OFFIOR.

An Innocent Package Well Soaked With
Surprising Results.

Edward M. Morgan, assistant post-
master of New York, and Thomas F, Mur-
phy, secretary to Postmaster Willcox, are
both big men and hardy, but neither had
the nerve to open a package which came
through the mails yesterday.

It was a small affair and was addressed
to Mr. Murphy. It was so innocent in ap-
pearance that it made him suspicious. He
retired to the room adjoining the outer
sanctum of Mr. Willcox and took counsel
with Mr, Morgan,

“Give it water at once,” suggested the
assistant postmaster. x

“Good idea,” said the secretary. “Come
on.”

“Not me,” said Mr. Morgan. ‘It’s not
my funeral and isn’t going to be.”

“All right then, we'll send for Kelly.”

Mr. Kelly, who is the assistant oustodian
of the Post Office Building, agreed with
Messrs. Morgan and Murphy that a bath
might render the package even more inno-
cent than it looked. With great caution
it was taken down to the mezzanine floor
and dropped gently into a basin full of
water and the faucet above turned on.
When the wrapper soaked off and dis-

rappeated to be the head ofa
box of matches peeking out of a roll of
corrugated paper, the three onlookers
retreated several paces to await devel op-
ments. They came soon when the sup -
posed head of the match box peeled off
and a long narrow black cylinder shot
out into the basin.

“Let us away,” said Murphy, making
for the door, followed by Morgan and Kelly.
When they got there, all being quiet about
the basin, all turned round for a look.

Secrétary Murphy hasn't decided yet
whether or not to be thankful to the friends
who gent him the fountain pen.

A DOCTOR AT 8300 A DAY.

Dr. Banes Says W. T. Rainey Retained
Hin —Sues Estate for 683,070.

Dr. Samuel Thompson Banes, a surgeon
and physician in Philadelphia, has begun
a suit in the Supreme Court here against
the estate of William T. Rainey to recover
$83,070 for medical attendance and inci-
dental expenses during the six years pre-
ceding Rainey's death, Rainey, who died
in August, 1004, was a wealthy resident of
Philadelphia but had moved to New York
shortly before his death. His executor,
Roy A. Rainey, is the defendant in the
present suit.

Dr. Banes says in his complaint that in
1898, when Rainey first became an invalid,
an arrangement was made by which Rainey
agreed to pay Dr. Rangs $300 a day for
every day of actual attendance, and in
addition the physician was to be reim-
bursed for all travelling and other expenses
he mightincur. In return Dr. Banes agreed
to give Rainey his exclusive and entire
time, to be ready at the sick man’s beck
and call, to go anywhere and do anything
in the nature of treatment.

The doctor says that he performed all
the requirements of the agreement, but
that Rainey failed to pay him or remember
him in his will.

GREAT BOSTON JAIL DELIVERY.

District Attorney Moran Lets 72 Prisoners
Out to Make Room) for Others.

Boston, Aug. 6.—One of the most unusual
court proceedings ever witnessed in Suf-
folk oounty, involving the biggest “jail
delivery” in years, was engineered to-day by
Dietrict-Attorney Moran in the Superior
Court, when seventy-two prisoners, five
of them women, were placed on probation
in order to relieve the congestion at the
Charlies street jail, which has not been so
crowded since the civil war.

All of the sixty-seven men placed on
probation were oharged with drunkenness,
as were three of the women, the othertwo

 

 

 

 

 

bei alleged night walkers. T' re
resented the conieielanns of Ot panto
by defendanta sentenced in the municipal

and various district courts since July 1.
Last week Sheriff Seavey reported: to
the County Prosecutor that there were
nearly 400 in the jail and that
overtaxed. Some-

were ;

Tine pen to. We acae o Sene cape ee

additional squad of prisoners which would

arrive this month,

RE Aaa one Stir
vey's

"big family.’ ”

CABINET HELP IN OHIO FIGHT.

Senater Dick Says President Has Promised
Big Guns for the Campaign.
Axron, Ohio, Aug. 6.— dent Roose-
velt, according to Senator Dick, has ‘prom-
ised Cabinet help in the fall campaign in
Ohio. The promise was given to Semator

Dick when he yisited at Oyster Bay last
week. The Senator said it hes not been
settled who the Cabinet orators, will be.

 

 

 

      

*+NEW YORK, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1906 .—copyriom, 1909, bv The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

SUICIDE STRANDS FERRYBOAT

SHE DRIFTS ON THE ROCKS WHILE
CREW ATTEMPT RESCUE.

 

 

Then There Is & Panic and @ Rush for Life
Preservers—Tug and Tide Finally Get
Her Free—The Suicide Described as 8

3 Tall, Miltary Leeking Man in Blue.

The passengers on the ferryboat Hacken-
sack, which left College Point at 7 o’clook
last night bound for her slip at the foot
of East Ninety-ninth street, had an ex~-
perience out of the usual when the boat
ran out of Bowery Bay and was rounding
Berrian’s Island,

A tall man, dressed in a blue suit and

wearing a broad brimmed straw hat vaulted
the rail on the port side of the upper deck,
walked some feet over the roofing in front
of the paddlebox and sprang overboard.
There were at least fifty persons, moetly
women and children, on this side of the
boat who saw him dive into the water.
James Barry of this city saw him walk
out to the edge of the boat and was making
for him when he jumped.

Screams of women who had witnessed
the suicide arose all over the boat. Barry
and other passengers ran down to the lower
deok and told several of the crew what had
happened. By this time a report that the
boat was sinking spread to the cabins. It
was with no little diffoulty that the men
aboard succeeded in calming the passengers
and making known just what had happened.

It took some time to lower a boat an
three of the deckhands put off in this
search for the suicide. The ferryboat had
run some distance under her own headway
and they had to row back. They found) no
trace of the man.

While they were out the boat ran on the
bottom and heeled over to starboard. Sev-
eral wagons in the centre runway slid, and
all were jammed together against. the star-
board side. The horses were frightened
and kicked in great shape. The boat had
drifted on a ledge of rock. The captain blew
the distress signal and the crew that had
gone out to search for some trace of the
suicide hurried back.

They found the boat in a panic. Many
of the passengers had put on life preservers.
Three Italian musicians went on as if
they were mad and ran around with as
many life preservers apiece as they could
get on. There were all told about 200
passengers on the boat. Most of these
were women, but there were enough cool
headed men on board to quell the panic
after a while. Several women fainted and
it was hard work bringing them to, as
there was no fresh water to be had, Dr.
John F. Nelson of the Flushing Hospital
was on the boat with a surgical patient
whom’ he was transferring in an ambu-
lance to the General Memorial Hospital.
He looked after the women who swooned.

The captain; John J. Hagen, kept tooting
his distress whistle, but other boats didn't
appear.to be in a hurry to give assistance,
The ferryboat Port Morris of the same
line was unable to drag the Hackensack
off, On board of this boat were Louis
Haffen, President of The Bronx, and C. H.
Batcher, an official of the ferry company.
At the suggestion of these two the captain
of the Port Morris sent his craft on to the
1a4th street dock and there the tugboat
Wade of the Health Department was ordered
to the assistance of the Hackensack. The
Wade isa big strong tug, and after half an
hour she managed with the help of the
flood tide to drag the ferryboat out into
deep water. ,

It was 10 o'clock when the Hackensack
finally reached her slip at Ninety-ninth
street. She was practically undamaged.
There was a wild rush by the passengers
for sodawater fountains and other thirst
quenching establishments.

Nobody on the boat could give a very
good description of the man that Jumped
overboard, other than to say that he wore a
blue suit, straw hat, was tall and of military
build and appeared to be a foreigner.
Capt. Hagen was inclined to believe that
no one had jumped overboard. Hie ex-
planation for go thinking was that
none of the crew of the boat saw the man go
over. There were plenty of passengers,
however, who saw it. Miss Casey and
Miss Ryan, who live at 42 Riverdale avenue,
Yonkers, say that the man climbed over the
railing directly in front of them, The
young women watched the man as he
walked out toward the edge of the boat and
never thought for a moment that he was
going to jump overboard until he did it.

 

KING LIKES NEW TORPEDO BOAT.

Sees Trial of Type Which.Can Be Sent
Overland.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TaB SUN,

Lonpon, Aug. 6.—A new type of torpedo
boat, built at Yarrow for the Admiralty,
had its speed trial to-day off Cowes before
King Edward, who inspected the boat with
Rear Admiral Fisher and expressed his
satiefaction. She represents a new de-
parture in defence vessels.

Bhe is of shallow draught, and is pro-
pelled by @ petrol motor. She is capable of
travelling 600 miles without recharging
her tanks. Her weight is only eight tons,
and she oan be easily conveyed by railroad.
One idea of the design reems to be to supply
a torpedo boat which in oase of need can
be sent overland to any port.

UNWRITTEN LAW DOESN'T GO.

Coroner Sets Aside a Verdict of Justidabie
Homicide in Stabbing Case.

A jury empanelled by Coroner Acri-
telli brought ina verdict of justifiable homi-
cide yesterday afternoon in the case of
Frank Farone, who stabbed Biaggio Cam-
bello with an ice pick on July 24, Farone
owns a little grocery store at 485 Fast
Fifteenth street.

The testimony thowed that Cambello
had been thrusting his attentions upon
Mrs. Farone, causing her husband to move
his family here from Schenectady, Finally
Cambello came here and when Farone
found him one day in his living rooms with
his wife be stabbed him with the first
article he could lay his hands on,

The Coroner set aside the verdict on the
ground that it wae the provinoes of a higher
court to decide upon the justification of
such an act. He held Farone without bail
for the Grand Jury.

 

 

\ 18 notns TO CHICAGO
\ PENNS naar’. SPECIAL

via’ Pennsylvania } Fock ast, dustless

Bickeo “g:66 A. M “Sener fant trains vo" Chicago

and St. Louts.-Ade.

 

DEWEYT'S CLARET OR SAUTEBBNE PUNCH

[2206S TE Bo oe Rea

EN

Tumspar, Avavsr 7, 1908. ie
Local rains and thunderstorms to-day aad
to-morrow; fresh west winds,»

J ky
Pkt

MOB LYNOHES QIX NEGROES.

Sheriff and Guards Overpowered and Militia
Driven Away, 3

Sauispury, N. C., Aug. 6.—At 11 o'clock
to-night a mob of several hundred from
Salisbury and surrounding country over-
powered Sheriff D. R. Julianp Jailer J. H.
Krider and fifty guards and took from the
jail the six negroes charged with the mur-
der of the Lyerly family, near this city,
three weeks ago.

The negroes were catried to tht outakirts
of the city, where they were lynched,

The military company was callad out, but
was powerless in the face of the mob. At
the first attack several shots were fired in
the jail door, and J. C. Molendon of Spencer,
Sella and Mauney were dangerously shot.

Private Maxwell of the Rowan Rifles
was also shot in the foot.

The firing of pistols became promicuous
and the militia, not having authority from
the Governor to shoot, left the scene.

ROOSEVELT BOY PLAYS SAILOR.

Archie Helps Capt. Slocum Sall the Spray
From Oyster Bay to Newport.

Newport, Aug. 6.--Archie Roosevelt,
son of the President, arrived at New-
port this morning to view the sight of
Carnival Week, making the trip from
Oyster Bay in the sloop Spray, which is in
charge of Capt. Joshua Slocum, the man
who has made a trip around the world in his
little vessel.

Capt. Slocum stopped at Oyster Bay to
pay his respeots to the President and Archie
expressed a wish to come to Newport with
him and the President aoquiesed. While
‘here the boy will be the guest of Commander
Cleaves, in ébarge of the torpedo station.

The Spray has been five days making
the trip from Oyster Bay, encountering all
kinds of weather. The boy has assisted
Capt. Slocum in the management of his
boat and in cooking the meals. Master
Archie is accompanied by Seaman Obey of
the President's yacht Syiph.

Capt. Slocum is on his way to Martha's
Vineyard, but will make a short stay at
Newport.

STORM HIT PAWNEE BILL; 2 DEAD.

Lightning Kills Performer and Spectator
—Elephants Take to River.

Harrispura, Pa., Aug. 6.—A terrific
electrical storm struck Pawnee Bill's Wild
West how this afternoon just as the
performance was starting.

The lightning killed B. Frandi,a Japanese
trooper, who was standing against a tent
pole, also Charles Richwine, a Pennsylvania
Railroad fireman, who w&s under a trev.

The storm stampeded the audience,
started the performers in a wild chase for
safety and put the horses in terror.

A herd of elephants broke away from
the keepers and rushed into the river.
It took an hour's coaxing to get “them
back to the show ‘grounds.

Miss May Lillie, a sister of Pawnee Bill,
was looking after her horse when a flash
severely shocked her. :

It was late this evening before the rough
ridera and attachés were able to get the
stools together. Y

The damage was so great that it was
impoesible to give a performance this
evening, as much of the wardrobe was either
lost or destroyed.

ASTORS WHO WON'T WORK.
Karl Friedrich and His Son, William Wal-
dorf, in the Police Court.

Karl Friedrich Astor, who says he is a
fourth cousin of John Jacob Astor, was a
prisoner in the West Side police court yes-
terday afternoon charged with / assault.
Arraigned with him was his crippled son,
William Waldorf Astor. The complainant
was Max Oppenheim, who is in charge of
the house at 15 West Ninety-eighth street,
where the Astors have been living.

Oppenheim aaid that the elder Astor
struck him with his fist and that the younger
one hit him with his crutch. William Wal-
dorf has lost his left leg.

The trouble grew out of an attempt to
dispossess the Astor family. They have
appealed to the wealthy Astors many times
and. t6 the Charity Organization Society
for help. Employment has been secured
for them, but they have refused to work.

Oppenheim showed a laocdration on the
palm of his hand, but Magistrate Mayo
discharged the prisoners on their promise
to move. Back in 1898 Louis Astor, father
of Kari Friedrich, began his importunities
for help to John Jacob Astor. The refusal
of the members of his family to work killed
whatever sympathy had been felt for them.

T. E. STILLMAN SINKING.

Remains Unconscious amd Dectors Fear
He Cannot Recover.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun,

Paris, Aug. 6—Dr. Ouvry of Lisieux,
telegraphed to THE SvuN correspondent
that T. E. Stillman suffered less last night,
but that his condition remains disquieting
owing to defective action of the kidneya,
There is no\fever and the wounds have
compktely healed.

Miss Stillman telegraphs that there is
ppparently no chance of her father’s re-
covery. He remains unoonscious and,
while he is no worse than he was yesterday,
the doctors fear he must soon wear himeelf
out. His Weart and kidneys are affected
and hie general condition is exceedingly
grave.

 

 

 

 

 

~

 

SUN DRIVES CURB MARKET IN.
Fills the and Windy Places With

Lisp of and Patter of Grain.

About 11:30 A. M. yesterday the sun
managed to get above the roof of the Broad-
Exchange Building. When it did the
thermometer in the street took a sudden
jump from 90 to 106. The curb brokers
didn’t seem to mind 90 degrees, but when
some one struok his head out of a window
and yelled: “Temperature at 106 bid,
108 expected,” the curb broke,

For the first time since the ropes were
established by the Police Commissioner
they bit the dust, Stand posts, cops an
ropes were brushed to one side and from
11:30 o’clock to the day's close the curb
market worked in fragments in shady
places.

HOPE TO WED IN JAIL

Eloping Couple Decide on That Plan to
Escape & Larceny Charge.

Mary McCormick, a telephone girl, who
ran away from her home in Milton, Mass.,
with George Forsythe, bellboy in a Boston
notel, last week and took $42 of her brother's
money along with her was arraigned wiih
Forsythe in the Tombs pulice court yester-
day and both were held until this after-
noon, While they were on their way back
to the Tombs the couple cwecided to get
married in prison to-day if they oan before
the case comes up, with the hope that the

 

obarge them .be with-.

sient. tile,

Bee ke 2 a it Maree ee

eee SSS SSS “||

  
 

 

 
   
 

 

   
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
 
    
  
  
    
 
   
  
   
    
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
      
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   

 

WEATHER MEN MAKE NO COM-
FORTABLE PREDICTIONS.

All This Part of the Country Covered by & =
High Pressure—Hope of a Little Re aq
Mef From Showers—People Sleep in a]
Parks and of Recreation Piers,

A little bite of coffness in the breeze last
night after a warm breeze had blownall day
tempted the sanguine to hope that the f
prophets may have been mistakes in thelr }
foreboding that we are in for a stretch of
such weather as yesterday's, The prophets
could not offer much hope.

A deep layer of air, tremulous with heat
—a tenuous meteorological counterpane—
covers the eastern at the continent.
It was about as hot right Mére in the nelgh-
borhood of New York yesterday as it
was anywhere in the yast superheated
territory. There was little or no comfort
at the seaside, as the breeze, which was
quite respectable, was from the west.
Nevertheless, tens of thousands flocked
dow to Coney Island, the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit running for the first time thie year
in the middle of the day four-car trains
on the Bath Beach route to th®@ ocean. The »
old fashioned closed cars were used as
extras, and many of, the windows could
not be kept up beoause the catches were
broken. This circumstance added to the
discomfort of travellers,

By the thermometer aloft the temper-
ature at its worst was 98. It reached that
point at 3:50 o'clock, and stuck in that
neighborhood several houra and was above ,
80 at midnight. The humidity at 3 P.M. wae
away below normal, dropping to 49 per
cent. It never was higher “than ‘8
and was 89 at 6 o'clock in the morning,
when most folks were not at work... On
the sidewalks it was several de hotter '
than up on the tower. The accumulated
heat of ¢he fervent day before anda night
without a breeze worth the name made the
day one of the flercest in the tropic calendar.

As in other hot periods, thousands slept
‘on the roofs and fire escapes of the tene-
mént districta. Hundreds sought the parks;
and as the régulation against going on the
grass was liberally construed by the police
there’ were many open air munjcipal dormi-
tories that cost the lodgers nothing or
the observation of the decencies.
the daytime there was a big assemblage
at Battery Park, over which from the bay
a fairly cool breeze blew. Park Keeper
Orchard telephoned to Park Commissioner
Herrman in the morning asking him if the
reguiation against trespassing on the grass
should be enforoed, and the Commissioner
said: “Let them all in.” Theré was not
enough shade to go around for the multi-
tude that lay on the park grass, and every
bench, in sun or shade, wgs filled. The.
swimming baths had long lines of waiting ,
folke, and bathers were forced to get out
after a few plunges to make way for the
sweltering.

Dock Commissioner J. A. Bengel
yesterday that the recreation piers
kept open all night, so that persons could
use them as sleeping places while the
weather remained so very warm. At the
same time he notified the Police Depart-,
ment of the order and asked Deputy ‘
missioner Waldo to have extra men sent ~
on duty to the piers. + ,

Forecaster Emery looked gloomily over
his map yesterday and said that he could
not see anything in the, nature of a low
pressure that had vigor enough to change .
the general condition. The high pressure
is too strong to be affected by a paltry low.
There myst be something with giant energy
to cause a change. Everywhere north,
south, west and oceanward the barometer
was away up. There may be a few showers
to-day, but they will not dissipate the heat,
although they may give temporary relief.

We have not had a West Indian cyclone
this summer, and one is about duejnow.
There is a dim possfbility that a twister
may be generated down near the Belt of
Calms and may come whirling up this way.
That is merely the shadow of a hape,
Otherwise, it may be several days before
the temperature goes down. _

Six deaths were reported by the police
yesterday as having occurred in this county
and in Kings which were directly attribue
table to the heat. There were more, than
sixty heat prostrations.

REDHOT DAY IN: PENNSYLVANIA.

——————

Kling Temperature in Philadelphia and?
Pittsburg.

Puit.aDELPHIA, Aug. 6.—Ninety-eight de-
grees on the street to-day caused the death
of wx persons, the suicide of another
and more than fifty prostrations. :

Frederick Haenni, a landscape gardéner ;
of Rydal, was the suicide. He hecame
crazed with the heat shortly after noon, °
seated himself in a chair beside his bed;
placed his goe on the trigger of a rifle and
put a bulle€ through his heart.

There was much humidity and great suffer-
ing in the tenement districts, Night
brought no relief.

PitrsrurG, Aug. 6.—Pittsburg to-day
suffered from the worst heat wave of the

ad

 

 

summer, Early this morning the tem-
perature began to soar and by noon had
reached 86, which was the high mark for

the year. By 4 o'clock the meroury had
ascended to 89, the high point for the day,
By 5 o'clock the first breeze was noticeable
and half an hour later there was a stight
shower. In the milla great suffering was
experienced by the workmen, Many of
them were overcome and four men, all
foreigners, died from the heat.

Temperature 114 in Washington.

WagsHinaton, Aug. 6—This Was the
hottest day Washington hae thus far ex-
perienced this season. Officially the maxi-
mum temperature was 04 degrees, which
point the mercury at the Weather Bureau
reached at 2 o’clock this afternoon. Downe
town thermometers, however, recorded
a much higher temperature. At a drug
store on Pennsylvania sverue, cppaits
the Treasury, the mercury clim to 108
degrees in the shade at 2:30 in the afternoon,
Tn the street in front of the Treasury, where
he thermometer was affected by the reflex
eat of the asphalt pavement at %he same
hour, the mercury pouieeres 114 degrese,
an unofficial record for Washington. re
yorn aevere prostrations from heat, but ao
deaths.

   
  

 

    
 
    
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
 
 
  
 
   

  

           
     
      
   
   

  
     

 

 

 

Requested te Deo It Now. ‘

Acting Mayor MoGowan has called |
special meeting of the Aldermen to be j
on Friday next to confirm the tax |

Ei at their last regular
Loreotto.do,do,this.
i