ce se

‘The eidltthie Sun

 

 

 

 

lis a stimulant to action and a dis-

| couragement to hesitancy. boat, armed to attack the submarine, |

 

| pdund by the querulous desk men:
i whose first thought is not how to

. | Hfe—shoes as well as bread, coal, | |
‘clothing and foodstuffs.. If the Presi- ;
{dent detects speculation in any arti- | accomplish an object, but what diffi-

23 cle of necessity he can sweep away | culties may be conjured up to prevent
the artificial barriers which keep the | its accomplishment.

=

pg salgpepened by Mail,

Postpaid.

r Mont

  

 

 

 
   
 

   
    

 
 

sharks of wur is the 3.009 ton cargo | ' ment could do in its. transactions

Ly. ANb fe ehee ce Year. 8 3a | supplies from the people. If he dis-;| We have the wood, the metals, the

Bis ey Woene ra | * | covers that the railroads are lax in) workmen, the naval architects and
‘ ILY, Por Monta... coceeseceee Dow) their duty he may compel them to; sailors to build and launch and navi-
Cy: ee Bees 3 change their methods or rua them|gate the armed mérehantmen to
; EVENING SUN, Por Mont | ‘under Government operation. If a | crush the U-boats. We lack only the
ae gE EVENING SUN, Per aan. 6 « i \fuctory or mine is not producing iis | | word to bring them together. Once
i EVENING SUNi Foreign). Der Mo. 4 |iuota it may be commandeered for jthey are made effective by the de
BAM checks, money orders, &e, to be | publie use, And if prices are extor-|}mand of a nation whose safety is |
nee Boao ei eee _ jthonate on the one hand, or so low | endangered only by the stubborn re- |
coeneh Oey ea ee Nise Ys" as fo discourage production on the | sistance of servants without vision, |

a treet, nh " ce ee vugh of Man- 7U . . a — he ships rill rays |

Bs. Sipeeny s Se ie eee” Mrenkk other, they may be fixed for the good | the hips w come from the ways |
Nees, 150 Nasenu street; Vice-loes. le of all by the central authority of the | ‘in unnumbered squadrons, to bear

   

ett .

fm Wardinan, 150 Nassau st:

45 ) Rh. U. Titherington, 100 agent i ; nation.
: EERE treaties Wine T, Dewars, WO N8s- | A dictatorship?

i The

‘food to our allies, defeat to our ene- |
;mies and honorable peace worthily
}

, Won to ourselves,

In a measure.
President's supreme nuthority

  
 
 

 

  

mer . ”
Te ene PP

et ay

_ THE SUN,

 

‘with the Allies and in prosecuting

A AND NEW YORK Pur Though emanating from the Agri- | standardized in construction, turned [the war would be satisfactory to
=: qa | cultural Committee this bill covers a lout at the speed the ingenuity, the | the peasants and their comrades
ei ert RAY, MAY 6. UT, ' vast field. It enables the Govern-| technical skill, the industry and the | in the army if they listened to the

_——— : - ;ment to regulate the production and | executive capacity of America can | Sociatistic agitators, some of whom
. Baterca tie v6 Post Oce a ee York a fix the prices of all necessaries of | achieve if they are not hampered and! ore in the pay of the Germans. It

may be said that the army in Petro-
grad has almost ceased to extst asa
police force. The German secret ser-
vice agents could ask for no better
soll to work in than that prepared
by the rule of the Czar. Recently the
Council of Labor Deputies issued a
manifesto declaring that the officers
of the army must be chosen by the
soldiers. Speaking at a banquet
given to visiting members .of the
Duma General Bavsirorr made this
comment :

“Such a thing has never heen seen.

| There is no such army in the whole
world. If there were it would not be
;an army, but @ mob. This was more

,diers in the trenches.

!

zt miton Mice 40048 Weel Mihuuters, on &8 Commander in Chief of the army If Germany has 1,200 submarines,

ee Gu Quatre Septembre aarti ‘and navy of the United States is to| we can match against them thou-
Se eee een, eagie Build | be extended by the most logical of ;sands of gunboat cargo ships, Bur
fe r, 803 Washingtog st processes to supreme commang of the ; Wwe must start now; if we wait for
our frienda who faver ue voit) mane. | industrial forces of the nation. Warsj|the customary sloth of official pro-:

fare no longer fought wholly with

guns. The plough and hoe on the

soil, the pickaxe and drill in its

, depths, the loom,’ the forge, the sew-

A Sneer. Ving machine, all have their vital part |

The Evening Post, incapable of do- |in the economy of modern war. The |

sanything itself, without the wish iP resident's authority over Bethlehem |

do anything itself, without the should be as complete as it is over

Yision or initiative to do anything; he batteries tt builds, He should

'  fiteelf, and true to its pacitist-German j be as able to order a coal company

: , sheers at THE Sun's «article of | to dig coal as he fs to order a brigade ‘

E iEaaecrtey morning on the supmarine jto dig trenches. New York in the hands of a board of

| peril—eneers at it on the ground that] Vet, the President be given the au-| only seven members. This smaller

it: fs the cry of footless «larm— thority contemplated by this Lever | commission would be appointed by

gmeers as it is wont to sneer, not {Sill and by such other legislation of | the Mayor, as was the old board, so

having the sou! to do anything else. the same sort as may be needed.{!n this respect there would be no
_* A sneering newspaper, a pacifist

‘Bewspaper, an always holier than
e newspaper, is of mighty little
to the country at any time, and

ceedings to arm us with this essen-
tial weapon, the mortal blow will
| have been struck to our cause, and
| we shall be the victims of a relent-
less foe who acts while we debate.

weed and (lluatrationa for publication wish
on: rejected articles returned they muat
cases send stamp Ter thal purpoee.

   

  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   

TELEP HON

43

The ‘Small School Board.

| The Lockwood bill, already passed
iby the State Senate, would abolish
the present Board of Education and
jput the conduct of the schools of

The President will not himself exer- | acter an ability of the members of
eise these functions. Neither will he} the board.
delegate them to professional office! Assuming that the chief executive
G@apecially in these critical war times | holders, commissions or men who will | would choose the right men. there is
 @-mighty little value to itself even or jneed training for the work. He will !every reason to suppose that a smaller |
“ feits tiny coterie of readers, Heep agi os oe oa baie are rt peso ac would lis advantageous.
Me oing e work to do it tter and! Forty-six men and women cannot
to do it for the public good before i think as an group. Seven can. The
seeking private profit. The men at |succe8sful corporations have found
i Quick Action. the head of the nation’s big enter-|that the interests of their stockhold-
One thing and one alone is de-| prises are big men. They manage{ers are best served when action fs
| Manded of this Administration at this | their affairs in a big way, out hith-| vested in small boards of directors
~ Moment—action, and again action, jerto, very properly, with an eye pri- jor executive committees, The great
@nd still action. marily to their stockholders’ interest. | American railreads are run by boards
} Everything is debated. Nothing is| With the deciaration of war the na-
@one. We have committees and com- | tion's interest becomes paramount to
Missions uncounted. But we canjatl others, It will be the part of the |
point to the keels of no new ships| President to impress this fact upon |
Maid down, no assured increase in the | the captains of tndustry, and if any | York that its Board of Education
 @creage of foodstuffs, no considerable ! faiis to recognize the changed condi- | has lacked, not intelligence or hon-
_ body of new troops under arms. ; tions call him to Washington and jesty, but unity of purpose and force.
By direct intercourse with the en-| show him where he gets off. His |A board of seven should have no con-
Moys of our allies, free from the in-| authority under this law will be com- | fusion of thought.
Perposition of any censorship or the| plete, but we believe that in any! 4 +
 @elass of correspondence, we learn|event the men now at the head of ; The Dishonest Censorship Scheme
that they need acutely food, ships.|the nation’s greatest enterprises will | Is Dead.
Men and ald against submarines. be ready and proud to serve the na-; The House of Representatives has
All these things we must give them | tion in their present posts with the |defeated the unconstitutional section
@nd at once. Every knot of red tape leame energy and zeal with which they lof the espionage bill designed to shield
“that impedes the efficiency of the au- jhave served their stockholders. inefficiency and incapacity in public
Be taorities at Washington to whom the Once vested with these powers the | office. Tur Sun has held from the
work shall be committed must be cut.! Administration must give us action | first that Congress would enact no
Every official whose narrow vision. | and show accomplished work. The ]luw pretending to shield dishonest, in-
whose bureaucratic lethargy or w hose | submarine menace must be met and /efficient and overblown officials from
fnborn incompetence unfits him tol beaten. It is folly to delay in the feriticism and exposure, Were such a
push this work to the point of imme- | face of ft. The production of our: bill passed by Senate and House and
diate success must be put out—even ! farms must be enormously increased, | approved by the President the courts
though he sit in the President's Cabl- | Every expert knows it ean be done. | Would make short work of [t; but
pet. It is no time for narrow men, | Our industry must be organized so | Congress epuld: not pass a measure
for incompetent men, for men who! ; AS to produce at the highest possible | of this kind unless its control had
@re afraid to assume individual re- | rate, Our people must not be starved | fallen completely into the hands of
sponsibility in the face of a lowering | by scarcity of products, nor beggared lmen who feared just and reasonable
Mational tempest. by high prices due to monopoly and | discussion of their acts.
We are facing a powerful enemy. | extortion. The damnation of the proposed cen-
Bvery interest, force and thought of It can all be done, and in the name}: sership, as The Suw~w has maintained
the German nation is enlisted in the | of all that is patriotic, Do it now! {Tight along, was contained in the mo-

war. When a thing needs doing it, | tives that Inspired it. Its authors had
Revising Secretary Lane’s Estimate in mind no mere guardianship of mili-

fs done—not referred to a committee.
What is needed is commindeered—| Of Shipping Loss Does Not Change [tary secrets. They knew the press
the money for payment is found the U-Boat Menace. could be trusted to suppress news or
later. Action first is the invariable} Secretary Lane's estimate that Ger-|eriticicsm that might be of value to a
rule. Within a month of the German | Many is sinking merchant ships at |publiec enemy, They were fully in-
 @eclaration of war her armies were | the rate of 400,000 tons a week has | formed as to the power inherent in
fm the suburbs of Paris. 4 month | been revised by the Shipping Board. | the Government to prevent the pub-
- efter our declaration of war we have | This body says the loss is not more | lication of military secrets, even
fo armies, either military or indus- | than 300,000 tons n week, | shouid there be found a newspaper
trial, and no policy for their use if | Whether Mr, Lane is right or the !so unpatriotic and base os to betray
they were mobilized. {Shipping Board ts right is a matter | the country. But they looked behind
© Mr. Leven of South Carolina, chair- | of inconsequential detai!, the public welfare and saw their own
te man of the House Committee on Ag-| The Secretary and the board are} incompetence lafd open to exposure,
ture, has introduced a bill that ; agreed that the U-boats are now de | sae their own imperilied, It
ap well serve as ai standurd for | Stroy ing shipping ata rate that spells | w a plan of personal protection
ation in other than the phrely | disaster unless we do our part. ‘they had in their minds when they
agricultural field. It gives to the | The German undersea campaign ts | tried to draw from a national emer-
President under the war cliuse cen The U-boats are working |geney a cloak of protection for them-

 

 

“Give Us Action, Efficient Action and

 

to twenty men, with the
about fifteen.

Tt has been the experience of New

average

 

  

 

 

 

 

jobs

e Constitution these extraordinary | havec as they were never expected | selves. Nobody has been deceived by
wers, which he may employ when-| to. They are more than making good | them, uniess it was themselves,

‘@ver in his judgment the the German threat that they could Not this effort tg draw a curtain
@mergency shall so demand: ; and would destroy shipping at the pf seerecy around lazy, unintelligent
“To fix maximum and minimum prices | Fate of 1,000,000 nae h month, jor pecnlative Government officials, nor
for food, clothing, fuel and other But the United ae can Prevens jany other, will succeed as long as Con-
Gities and the articlee this catastrophe. The Untred States | gress remains preponderantly honest.
production. ean smash the U-boat in the North | And should a condition ever arise in
“To prescribe regulations to govern Atlantic and win the war f right j whiah cowardice and incapacity ruled
the production of these commodities, ana | "04 Justice. lhe United States can! the national legislature the nation.
$f necersary, to requisition the prone. | this if from this day on we de-| would have sunk so low that neither
ing factories, nines or other establish- TO4. Sk0re “DUNES of our energy, | freedom of speech nor freedom of: the

DL ieants, jewery atom of our skill, every meus- | press could sustain the republic.
i “To compel holders of recess jure of our unlimited resources to the |
folease them in amounts insuring equ!- task that lies upon us.
The United States cannot do this |

able distribution. '
: “To regulate exchanges in such ; duty !f we hesitate, if we temporize,
a oan eae we postpone nection, The oppor-

a Way i
@s to eliminate marke: v
tunity to beat Prussian anteeraer

national

 

|
neces: |
required for Z|

ities to Petrograd a Storm Centre.

With a virtual truce at the front
whieh has heen contrived by Berlin
for politieal reasons, the Russian Pro-
vistonal Sree is laboring In a

Sealer a jit
manipulation
is}

 

 

!
“To compel railroads to give prefer. i
= ; yen here to-day; ond ir is passing. That! storm that threatens to strain {ts
@nce to the movement of nevess + | ] at! storm in atens to rain
4 : ae levy such f{mportat an ‘ ‘ opport unity will not last until bu-) moorings. “ Hapils the demonstra-
i Z y Ss iu Y ion s | : : ‘
: THe ' qreumlocutic ’ Jotrogre the ter
tbe finds necessary reauerncy ond elreumlocution have tien at Petrograd of the fraternizing

to prevent
‘dumping’ of foreign products.

excessive

‘exhausted their well nigh influite ea- | soldiers and werkmen to drive Mityv-
'

 

bY TE {inpose Himiiations ¢ 'pueity lo procrastinate and to retard. | Korr, the Minister of Poreign Affairs
a $ Hm Ons oY prohibitions = 4
; upon the use of grain in the : ‘7 Ii must he seized before the cisrap- ! from offices, failed when they eame
use : rain in i NAnWlave ; { . '
ice of liquor.” tion of our allfes has heen wroucut ;ugder the spell of his eloquence, Tr |

through the weapon that we
bl the nations can meet
‘There tue iilsion

rlone of |
and foil,

was this accomplished man who kept

Vested with the authoriiy co: ferred othe first Puma in @essien for so long

by this bill the President muy do by |

 

must le dhout ia thme by his tact and courage, If
- executive order what ft woud oraike the progress Germany is making. If he should full the Provistonal Coy.
Meeks perhaps te persuade Cougress secretary Lane's estimate is correct, | ernment Would lose a pillar of great
F ‘do do, As the authority is completo, Germany's cniupalgn will effeet its) strength, Minyeworr has always
Sp too the President's responsibility ; purpose ‘sooner than it) will if the | fought the reactionaries with intel!i-
wil be personal und complete. The Shipping Bourd’s figures are aeen- | gence and honesty, but he is not a
Ration cannot get switt decivive aes! pate, Bur if the Shipping Board {s | demagogue.
: tion without trusting seme one te hright, that eampaign will be success- The first Duma was wrecked by the
C “fake it. ‘ful just the same, the date of ac-| demand of the peasants and workmen
©) Whe principle of Mr. Levin's bil | knowledgment of its triumph merely | that their social theories should be

x

4s correct. Ti is the principle
“should apply generally

Wiieh
t | .
tite) few

helng se few weeks or

Hietitlps,

buck by oa ny renlized without regard to the settle-

‘ment of polities] questions that

tos ab-

‘

; Maintain

Thén let the country demand action. | shifting of responsibility for the char- |

| dangerous because of its possible results
behind the front. Here there is complete
j Solidarity between the officers and so!-
This order is not
pernicious at the front, where it;
failed to destroy diseipline and comrade-
ship, as it did in the rear. There the
effect was really destructive In many
places—not in our army, de it said to
its honor, but in the remote rear of
Russia.”

sO

The storm centre of the “remote

| rear of Russia” is now at Petrograd.

At the front the affection of the men |
for their officers makes it possible to
discipline, Moreover, the
demagogue is excluded. General
Brusrorr said another thing that
must be repeated again and again by
members of the Provisional Govern-
ment with convincing earnestness if
Russia is to remain in the war and
fight loyally by the side of her allies:
“Until we defeat the enemy und de-

\stroy German imperialism and mili-

 

 

'

|

|

|
'
'

Tegislation namely, the conferring of | The whole burden of smashing the structed oyeform. The Provisional

Abroad plenary powers upon cae ex j U-begt rests on the United Stites, Government is assailed hy the same;

ecutive. leuving Lim to exercise Those) and weoeanm bewr it df we sitnighten ageneies, Mirnyi korr will net surren- |
Ay powers iecording to his judguient and jour baeks now, The suffleient ordi der with them,

Po Gwithin the preseribed Vimitations, Ti fiance of en offence against ihe jo Certainty woming thar the Govern.

ai ' 4
Te.
4 a

1

'

tarism, there can be no glorions or
powerful Russia.”

The difficult task of the democratic
Government {s to edueate and re-
strain the Russian people while car- |
rying on the war for their political
independence. Therefore the sooner
the American Commission arrives in
Petrograd the brighter will be the
prospect of confounding German in-
trigue and coordinating the energies

and resources of Russia for a great
offensive against Germany and her

of directors ranging in size from ten, #lJes on the eastern front.

Wearing Khakt.

The United States Government has
arranged to take over from the manu-
facturers so much khaki cloth thar
retail dealers are not, in many
stances, hol@ing out any assurance of
being able to supply the material for
an indefinite time to come. Those re-
tailers who have khaki uniforms on
hand will sell them to all comers while
their supply lasts. It is now impos-
sible to buy khaki uniforms at many

shops and the number of places where |

he

they may precured will grow :
steadily smaller.
This {is certain to cause much

grumbling among those who have oe-
casion to require khaki for aniforms
or costumes of any sort. But the
necessities of our soldiers are para-
mount. Those of us who cannot buy
uniforms will have to do without, and
we might as well do without cheer-
fully. Some of us are already wonted
to drilling with wooden rifles. It is
as practicable to drill in old clothes,
Appearance needn't count.

If a man wants khaki for outdoor |

wear and cannot get i let him con-
tent himself with an old suit. If men
have to practise the extended order |
in military drill, deploying as skir-
mishers and the advance hy rushes,
they can have the tailor affix buttons
to their pockets or sew on buttoning
flaps.
of the pockets when, running at top
speed, they drop dat on the new fir-
ing line and open fire without loss
of valuable time,

The restricted supply of khak! will
perhaps be a good thing tn repressing
that natural human weakness known
us vanity. Most men are rather too
proud of what they have on and
rather too unconcerned about what
they have in them.

 

What's this MeGown's Tavern in
Central Park to be turn down? Right
enough. It hes long len an eyesore,
and a bit of a scandal ns well. But
“a concrete roller rink may be in-
stalled on the westerly side, built with
a view to turning {t Into an jee rink
{in winter.” Never! Isn't it possible
for people to learn that the mission
of Central Park is not to serve as an
imitation Coney Island?

The Government's efforts to save
tin by urging manufacturers of soap,
drugs and verious other articles to
use mere paper containers for thei:
products can well he pushed further
There are several! prepared food prod-
ucts the manufacturers of which
frankivy admit the cartons, hoxes of
containers cost more
they hold. This is plainly
feal and can he corrected
suggestion, Food is }
out having to pay double its price for

gaudy box.

uneconom-
at official

England has
$190,000 O00;
in Hne on the

her $200,000,000,
ng nations

Italy
form

TOM

right!

The hand that swings the cradle is
the hand that rules the world.

Those who aantins the red knots on
the French sailors’ caps should just
wait until, the war permitting, t?
get a glimpse of the Italian bersa-
glieri, whose hats are adorned with
cocks’ feathers,

Is it too early to begin recruiting
men to man the ships we must build
and send abroad? What a chance
they will offer for youthful Richard !
Henry Danas!

Do your war Lond shopping early,
SSE ST NL SETS

A North Georgia Call.

Prom ihe Rome TritvveMerald
Come into the garden, Maud, for I'm
hoo! ng al) atone; Come tnto the garden,
er toe darky Toni:

ed nae flown!

\

“SATURDAY,

in- |

This will secure the contents |

than the food |

igh enough with- |

rey |

Sat 5, to1t,

 

 

 

 

 

 

'THE FOREIGN “LANGUAGE | HOTEL's MEATLESS FRIDAY. | WHY NOT DRAW ARMY OFFICERS
FROM THE NATIONAL GUARD?

PRESS.

A Conspicuous Example of Americans! meat on Fridays.

ism Badly Strained.

To THe Kprior or Tur Sun—Sir: Like
Mr. Gerard I have acquired the habit
since the war began of reading the
German American press. ft ia a thou-
sand pities that, at a time like this,
when we need all the enthusiasm that
can possibly be aroused, these German
papers should be allowed to create or
perpetuate among their readers an!
atmosphere which is positively hostile |

to the objects of the war, defined £0 'sriaw;

nobly by President Wilson.

'

 

Mr. Ridder, one of the proprietors of the |‘ *

A Chicago serves no more

Last week when

hotel

Friday came

Saw on the menu.

flags, this cali:
“Let us each do our

under an arch of

bit

country by making Friday a meatless
day each week.”

The lunchers did not go hungry. for
the carte du jour included, in the space
usually given to meats, the following:

Fried shad roe, capers, Bordelaise; boiled
jred: snapper, shrimp sauce; haked lake
trout, raisin sauce; stuffed crabs, Mexican
codfish cakes, tomato sauc planked
whitefish en bordure; fried scallops, tar-
sauce; fried smeits, remoulude; Kip-
pered herring and eg@e; lobster patties tn

    

Staats-Zeitung, is professediy a patriot. | ream; spring vegetable dinner; crat Nukes

| Yet he permits his newspaper

night |

after night to “afford ald and comfort” |

| to the enemy,

headlines which reflect undisguisedly a

_ feeling of delight at the piratical deeds.

of the submarines—deeds which were
lee immediate cause of our entrance
{nto the war. Here are a few, a very
| few, of the exultant headlines set out

' occasionally over the entire front page.
, with which the Sfaats-Zeitung, pro-
* ronsedly an American newspaper, has
‘regaled its readers recently:

“UsBoats Lords of the Seas.” “British
| Fleet Impotent.” “British Bewail Their
Losses in Ships.” “Damage Infilcted on
British Shipping Enormous.”
Arras a German Victory.”
Again Defeated.”
Salonika.”

Neutrality.”

“British

“Argentina Protects Her
\merican Milftary Com-
mission Diseolved.” ‘England's Exist-
ence Imperilled.” “Withdrawal of!
Troops to Build Ships Advocated.’ And
so forth and s0 on.
In

Se

who are at present the guests of the

“whining’ for American assistance:

) Vinaigrette;

| | in all the glory of large type and spread | 2 iio

, 000 portions of meat for the

@ la king; omelette Melba; lobster cutlets,
cream sauce, new peas; fried oysters and

' scallops, celery sauce; Brevoort special fish
through the medium of,

dinner; fried
fieh cheels,
ster, cold slaw;
sauce; Finan
bled eggs,
vengale:
Newburg;
with

baby codfish, meuniére; cod-
chive butter; brotied baby liob-
fried frog legs, tartar
haddie, Delmonico, seram-
Brevoort; fresh shrimps, P

soft shell crabs; lobster & Ia
seafood, Brevoort; peaches
strawberry sauce;
ecls ravigotte;

 

rice,

The manager of the hotel estimated
that in one day the scheme had saved !
* national

‘supply.

“Something Rotten at!

fannual production

! large
its leading articles the Staafs- |
Zeitung aneers daily at the members of | Meal.
the British and French commissions | Ste@#™m buckets, chattering like

THEIR NOONDAY 1 BEER.

oBattic of | Stop It, and Will You Not Have to

Feed These Men tirajn’

To THE Eptror or Tit SuN—Sir
answer of the brewing industry.
uses not 2), per cent
of grain but scarcely
11 per cent... Appeurs to be supported by
competent authority

From my window each
numbers of toilers,
subway construction,
Up they

The

day [ see
engorged in
take their noonday
come, by ladders and
ugpies,
; thankful
| labor,

for # brief respite
with those fleetest of foot «

   

 

aS | ing in this direction amd that for a
Tts | kettle of beer.

Presently

(ts restaurant patrons |

all are seated, |

'

in helping '
; to conserve the meat supply of our

 

Many Trained and Experienced

Military Weaders Might Be

Gat

’ From Its Ranks.

 

Permit me to call attention to a seri-
ous situation which has developed in
connection with the efforts now being
made to obtain eligible men for the
officers’ training camps.

The so-called Plattsburg camps of
the last two years have done inval-,
unable service in creating a _ public
sentiment in favor of universal train-
ing and in dispelling the idea that a.
soldier may be made overnight. Of,
the men who attended the camps,
however, many, fitted by education,

experience and maturity to becomé
officers, are past the age limit, are
married or lave other responsibili-
ues which make them unavailabie. |

| Apart from the oid Plattsburg men, it

‘in charge must therefore now recog-

appears that the bulk of those who!

whitetan | have applied for the officers’ training

sulmon mayon- ,

camps are not qualified by ea
or maturity to become officers. Those

nize that a large majority of the 25,000
officers required by the War Depart-
ment for the new army must be!

 

‘sought elsewhere. |

A fleld up to now hardly touched,
which those who are familiar with the

i situation believe will furnish at least

{tional Guard.
that it}
of the ‘total |

' Twelfth

favorite epithet for the men whom this/ with dinner kettle and Leer kettle joined |
country {s proud to honor appears to ve!

“spongera.” It alludes to the “sponging”
Aliles of the Fmtente. Recently THs
| Sun and other New York newspapers
! gave great prominence to a notable ar-
| ticle by Maximilian Harden, the German

Loi nation. It describes them
}

, Journalist, praising the idealism of the)

| American nation and denouncing the
| policy of the German Government. One
; Would have supposed that Mr. Ridder
' would have been giad of the opportunity
,to acquaint his readers with
| significant sign of dawning light from
| the heart of Germany.

| was to publish inconspicuously the least

{
{
j

!

‘

this very ,

What he ata) ‘h*
at he , | noonday repast

, interesting half of Harden's article and)

| to accompany this with an e4dftorial de-

: of the Allies.

Harden's tribute to the idealism of
| America the Staats-Zeitung evidently did
not think fit to print It simply sup-
| Dressed it. As reported in THe Stn
Harden said: “The United States could

have continued to amass unmeasured ! quantity

from munition contracts,
from which
income was derived,
source of supply. Instead

States chose for an ideal

|
| Miche. not
!

the United

only a minute part of its}
but as a world’s!

| Dited?
}nouncing Harden for playing the game)

to a common purpose

Personal investigation tas shown the

| contents of the average ditiner kettle to

be one or two thin slices of meat and
@n onion, a low grade apple or banana,
and two or three sitces of bread Not
much, it will be said. But when to this
slim fare is added a pint or so of beer,

it seems sufficient to enable the men
to continue toil such as only men of
unusual stamina and physical streneth
may undertake,

The foaming, cool lager has made
more palatable, more digestible—-ind to

degrees more nourishing—their

Deprive them of their
sumptuary otherwise
sh&ll the deficiency
Assume, if you will, that it
be supplied in terms of bread ani

heer by
and tox

laws or
be sup-

ould

meat,

would this not coset more tn terme of
‘ grain?
Assuredly the greater qucntit of
j bread and meat thus made necessary
i would by so much make preater de-
{mands upon the crain supply or ite
{ Sources. And might not this additiona!
of grain greatly exceed the
te or more per cent. now used the
brewing of heer? E. A. Morrrrt

to reject a

‘continuation of its profitable neutrality |

| to load {taeelf arith a burden of expendi-
| tures which no other nation could aafely
| bear. " This passage the Staats-Zeitung |
| Bowdl erized to read as follows: “In-
stead the United States had loaded itealt |
| with a burden of expenditures which no}
other nation could bear.” The following
essential passages the Staats-Zeitung
suppressed entirely from tts report:
Those who would proft, Harden te

 

ders, can be sought nearer home, 3
ranks of those waiting to retain Belgium
the Briey tron @ietrict, Courlant and
Livonia.

Herr Harden condemns the
‘of the peace offer of the Central Powers
| Whew purpose was, he says, to pave the

itway for a declaration of eubmarine war
jand the rejection of President Wilson'e
offer of mediation, and the German oMfotal
efforts to deceive and misiead the Presi-
|} dent regarding the coming submarine cam-
| paign.
i A rupture
; from President

of relations was inevitable
Wilson's notes the moment
this wae proclaimed, but Herr Marden be-
Hleves that it might have been Iimited to
this and ermed neutrality {f it had not
j been for the overtures looking to an al!i-
ance with Mexico and Japan, upon which
whe lavishes all the language of ridicule
‘and contemp? He laments that this did
| not lead to the fail of the Impertal Chan-
'cellor, Dr. von Bethmann-Hoilweg, ani
the Foreign Secretary, Dr. Zimmermann

; which President Wilson may perhaps have,

| expect ed.

| Coming to the leesons for the Germans
Herr Harden declares that the impotence
of

the KRetchetag is not due to the weak-
ness of the German

hise. but to the deliberate choice of mem

bers who refuse to use thetr control cred-
ita foree accountability and who are
therefore corceponsible for any gulit in
| the origin of the war and any misfortunes
in {te endings
| “What is now needed.”
'
| “ia not longing whimpers for peare, not
| the crazy peace missions Srheide-
!mann, Freberger and amateur
' diplomats, but a bold attempt to recog-
/ nize again the plain
tion and restore worthy freedom or erit-
iclsm and deciston.”

Thus the ceadere of the Staate-7Zritung |
were deprived of the meat of the Harden

to

of

other

|

imitations |

Brookirx, May 4,

PROTECT DOG AND CAT.

| The Bills at Albany Do Not Even Re-
spect Property Rights,
To THe Epiron or Tir Sun-—S4r

 

   

 

The
Vicious and unfair Wicks dog b'll is
| slated to pass the Assembly The bill
i{s absolutely unfair to the dog and to
the dog's owner. It provides that any
Person may kill any dog, whether it {a
| licensed or not. 1 approve of the inten-
| tion of the dill, which {s to protect sheer;
But {t does not provide that only wort!
less, sheep killing dogs may he slaug
tered; it permits the killing of an. z
‘that ts pursuing any animal. Thiseaneans
but one thing, that any one who dislikes
dogs may kill every one he sees 1}
ground thar ‘t worried some i
Furthermore, the owner of the dog must

constitution or fran- |

he continues:

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

   

 

|

lof

pay a tax to keep it. but he zets no pro-,
tection whatever. Such a bill {s abso-/
} unfair, and it is a wonder that,
ntelligent men in the Senate voted for
{te passage
he so-called cat bil A £900 com-

panion to the Wicks proposal Inder
this law, which is likewise siated for
passage, all cats are taned, and
anybody shoot cats. Now it is next,
to Inrpos to keep a collae about the,
cat’s neck it is so tight as to
choke the Tt ts also the fact
that a collar menaces the cat's life, as
‘the collar may get caught and hang the
; animal A cat of mine was hanged
i this maniuer, and my surviving at is
; constantly getting his front feet is

in the colla

Both the dog ond 3

condem lh lovers af a 4 is
being 1 Vicious and ridiculous, No
ona a ts paying w tax’ te keep ye
but the enactment aws which are
aimed to permit the wholesale slau ar
of these antmals by those who d

them {« obfectionable Make the b

fit for the + » book, fair to atl, and |
then pass them G. PL Gonrpoy,

ALBANY, May 4

truths of the sttua-'

COTTON SHOULD HELP.

Mo. Reason Whr the Growers Shonld

article, and this {s typical of many other:

cases
Nrw Yorr, May 4

LayaL,

MEATLESS DAYS.

| Two a Week Saggested, With a Limit
on Hotel Menas.

To THe Ep: Tor or Tre Soxn-—Str. Fron
‘our harvest this year we will have to
feel ourselves, France, Fngland and
perhaps Ita))

The an.ount of the harvest {is un-

own, depenoing in large measure on

» weather,

 

As we are in the war let us play the
game and begin
j;and not walt ur
lack of it
all hotels
tvo

a week and
Jimited to
ltwo entrees
| Po tt now ard don't

New Foax, May 4

and restau
two

soups,

walt, Il

 

Not Share the Tax Burden,

   

   

 

To THE Borror or THE StN—Sir: This
war is presumably a war of all the
United States ogatnst our enenies
Therefore all the country should hear
the burdens of the war as much as
, passibie.

Cotton ts an ingredient of exp'asives
a Taw hiater of munitions quite as
much as copper, steel or any
chemical So far there has heen y
fort to buy oatton below the
no attempt to place upon cotton
burden, although every one we'l
that the present very hish price of

(eotton is due solely

 

to the war demand,

'and that this same price {ts taken from

the
'

fo save our food now | own Goveriument
tl we are forced to by | profita to the

1 should like to see two meatless days!
rants |
roasts and | reaped golden harvests from

|

pockets of our

in

allies and of our
the form of excess
cotton growers.

Cotton growers shonid
substantial part of the

alongaide the

hear a vers

 

war

other industries

that have

War prices
A CONNECTICUT FARMER

JREENWICH, Conn., May 4

The Lender.

“Ae Bang by Some of ovr Mest Die. | To THR Enitor or THe § s

nh Epitor or Scun-—-Sa An
| tinguished Statesm tintelligent survey of this country’s at-
| ‘To Tie Epiron of TMp Sva-—Sire 1 titude, including the leaders of thought
| respect those who sing “Our Country, and opinion in 1914, when the war was
j'tis of thee’ | can excuse the personal. precipitated, compar d with that of
element in ‘My country, ‘tis of thee,” Colonel Roosevelt, poles hi head and
but who can excuse those who start off | shouldera above us a! Ni] were sin-
“America” wit ‘My country, tis for | eere, but he was ahead se vest af us
me™" QaQMk have just caughs up ela a 8k

Newark, May 4.

New Yoru, May 4,

 

|

{the

knead,

Durden |

|
|

|

15,000 of the new officers demanded,
is the enlisted personnel of the Na- |
The regiments of this
and other States contain large num-
vers of enlisted men who are college
earaduates or havean equivalent educa-
tion and whose civil experience and ma-
turity make them ideal officer material.
In addition the guardsmen have hud
the benefit during the last year of
several months of fleld service on the!
Mexican border, a service which by!
reargon of the primitive conditions with
which they had to contend—I was!
there myself as an officer of the|
New York Infantry —has!
given them an-exceptionally valuable
experience. Mauy of these men, in-
deed, are already quite competent,
without much !f any further training,
to take charge of the drilling of re--
ernits for the new army.
Unfortunately the announced plans
the War Department do _ not
begin to utilize to its full extent the
National Guard as a source for offi-!
eers, On Wednesday the Department
announced that twenty-five enlisted
men of each National Guard regiment
would be permitted to enter the train-

ng camps. While this {s a step in
advance it fails to recognize that in
some of the National Guard organiza- |

tions, such as Squadron A, the First
Cavalry and the Seventh, among
others in this State, there are many
times that number of men fitted by
education and training to become offi-
cers,

Enlisted men !{n the guard of this

WHOLE WHEA Tr “BREAD.

Specially Made or Adapted to Ordi-
nary Bread Recipes.

To THE Epitor or THR SvNx—Sir: The
following recipe for whole wheat bread
does not take milk or molasses:

For two large loaves allow two quarts

f entire wheat one ard a half
rints of warm water,
 gugar, one tablespoonful of¢ butter, a
half table 1 of salt, half cake
of compressed yeast.

Another recipe One cake yeast,

four,

one

spoonfu a

 

one
cup lukewarm water, one cup lukewamn
milk, three } ts entire wheat flour, two
teaspoonfuls sugar, one teaspoonful
In place of the cup of lukewarm mi

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

have substituted a cup of liquor strai
from cooked spachetti, which is creamy
ar lable {in starch food Ie have
‘iso used n white bread sponge wit!
success

Entire t bread may also be made
a | good recipe and sub-
stit whole wheat flour for the ordi-
nary wheat flour, and a cup and a half

“e

be added in the nis

 

of corn meal tray

of an equal amount of the whole wheat
flour; first let it stand to scald a feet
minutes (

Here are the directions for the first
recipe:

Measure the flour before sifting, then
sift into a bowl, setting aside one cup
to be used in Kneading the bread later

ym. Add the sugar and salt to the flour,
lissolve the yeast in a little of the
and pour it and the rest of the
‘nto the lastly add the
melted the dough vigor-
with a and when it is
sprinkle ¢} board
with sor flour reserved, turn out
the dough upon it and knead it for
twants

water,
bow!
Beat

spoon,

water
butter,
ously
ight

smooth 18

 

f the

minu
igh to the bow]
overnight. This w!ll
the bread
When the dot
the

and set
take six
ted in
light
divide it

smooth

ours if is ety

     
 

igh

oOBt wuper board,

loaves ruld them
ised pans and set in a
When the

ell pre
warm place
ioubled
Proce
with any
NYACK

loaves have
size bake for one hour

d with the second recipe as
white bread sponge
» May 4,

  

¥ Ww

Flour, Water, Yeast, Salt.

To THE Epitor or Tue Sun-—
vbout three cups of whole wheat
one and a quarter «
i half cake
ialf teaspoonful of salt

Mix the yeast
cup of

the salt

+ Wi.l

Sir: Tahe
flour
ups lukewarn

compressed ye

water
ist and a
smoothly with
lukewarm water

in the rest of the
stir the

1aP-
dissolve

aq
tan
water, in a
yeast in and enough
to make a dry batter Beat until
batter is full of and let
rise, preferabiv overneht, 1 1
bulk. Add enough
form into loaves, put pans,
et rise until double {mn bulk ard bake
Whole wheat doug made stiff
enough for thorouzh kneading, ts hard
and close when ikerd Beat it well
knead slightly and mould while
what sticky HELEN C

RROOKLYN, May 4

ow)
flour
bubbles
this

louble

 

if
if

 

 

  

some-

ADAMS

 

To Free Germany From the Yoke.

 

To tre Epitor or Tur Sun—Sir RO
idea of our position, that of the Wn!
States In the war, Was expresse] | a
sermon tn Holy Trinity Cathedra Ha
vana on April 29 when the preacher
pointed out that our entrance into the
worldwide confilet was from en aa
high as those of IRMS, that {fs to ea
‘Siemannia iibra,”’ to free Germany fr
the yoke! JK, Has

HAVANA, Cuba, Apri! 20
The Chautauquan Wave on the Pacifle

Coast.
Prom the Redding Se , he

Subseriber’ wa i) how Re
ding has chang. having had Cheu
auqgua We disiwe to particularize, bu
{t ‘s a fact that a ney ‘ he
to Wearing wrist Watches and en iing
Broaning

|

‘or furloughs from the National Gi

| history go into the s

tablespoonful j ste

State who want to try for commission,
tell me that at the present time th:
are faced hy what is practically
vicious circle, the regular officers
charge of the officers’ training cam,
will not let them in without discharge

 

‘and these are almost impossible
obtain,
There exists, moreover, upon 1)

part of some National Guard office
an attitude toward the seeking of con
missions by their men which, howey«
honest it may be, is to my mind ut
terly mistaken. These officers tm
of course have keen regrets when 'l+
see organizations which thes a
labored for so many years to bring t
their present high standard deplet
and disintegrated, Nevertheless ¢
higher good of the country as a who
demands that every enlisted man i
the National Guard who is qualifis
to become an officer should try for
commission, and it is the imperativ
duty of every officer of the Nationa
Guard to urge such men so to do,

The War Department would do w
to direct that a census be taken
once of the enlisted men in the N
tional Guard who by education, «
training and maturity are fitted t) °
| for commissions, Officers of the
lar army could readily
Were for any reason

elimina

as disqun

land the remainder could be given t

opportunity of immediately enter:
the officers’ training camps As
temporary measure the Natior

Guard authorities of this State sho
issue an order that every enlisted n
who !s accepted by the training ca
authorities shall at once receive
necessary furlough.

It is only by combing the en
personnel of the National Guar
commissioned and non-commitssi:
officer material that the guard en:

 

utilized to the fullest extent i:
present emergency. This mays
that many of the organizations wi
greatly reduced !n numbers. and
of them will practically go out o
istence

If such he the case work ¢an
found elsewhere for their present :
cers. It is a time when the offi
of the National Guard must subho
nate their own interests to thos
the country and follow the exar
of Colonel Fisk «f the Seventh R:
“ment, who in urging versal tr
ing under exclusiv Vederal con‘
declared that if in order to furt
the military interests of the coun’
it should prove necessary, he for
was willing to see own regim:
with its hundred of honor:

 

sap heap.

WiiriaMm M. CHapsotnn:

 

RETURNING TO THE LAN!

Random Thoughts of a NoneFarm:
Who Knows Farming.
To THE Eprror or Tur Sun—Sfr: ¢
who has knowledge of farmn
and farm condittors must be fin a wh

some

  

 

of amusement these days at the flo
of eminating from amateu
statesme ref rs, upliffers et

     

genus discussions of tt
handling of Among the mo-
prominent of these vociferants I fall
perceive the name of one who has t!
dimmest knowlasige of the subject.

er

 

the soll

 

 

 

One of their disciples I sen now as
look out of my window, a fair yom
person digzing with a shovel, not
spade or fo n her back yard to
shouts of her r women and an oc

 

é6ional man;

 

act that she is @i@c!

 

 

In a place where the sun never shir
neither disturbs her serenity nor
for remark or sugecstion from the «

~OKeErS

That farming is a business, that !¢
to be learned and that even long o.
| rience does not always bring results 4
not seem fo occur to the ne
ritics. That a farmer can no more
inexperienced and amateur labor
cept at certain crises, than a machi:
or physician appears to be forgotter
the @asy ha.r philanthroptst in
out of Washington l the State e¢
tal And as for th od of elt
ready and anxious to help
of millions, T can oniy asi
ror of the farmer if the invasi sh
really set

It {s not for an tnstare ¢ sa ee
that the rural wiseacres a Iwas
to the mark either T hav ern t)
pass a field where one of 1 ae
gressive fellows) was
tool, a disk harrow. ¢

the machine do
thoroughly, and turr 14 ‘
a gesture which

speech:
ain't no si

who saw the gira

Another

nz its wor f e

“re n't fs ~

Which did he

one
and kent the tates ‘ x renmier 4
other farmer sked to a ou
one f the 4 . are rte
world has « ante A
Viren tice he Thea At
eported to ha ed the niant
ighed i VO3
wouldn't have a thing that ¢

 

 

Vassed Over by the Little God
From t New) ¢ Nowe
Not a eing 4
the wn 1
yas
er e

 

4
4
<
+a
q

i
3