HOOVER CONFERS |
WITH ROOD CHIEFS

Piscusses Supply Situation
With Houston, Lane and |}
Baker,

 

APPEAL MADE TO WOMEN

 

Requested to Watch House- |
holds and Stop All Pos-

sible Waste

 

!

WhsetliINGTON, May 4.--Ulerbert CC,
Hoover, chairman of the food commit-
tee of the Couneil of National Defence,
arrived here to-day bringing with him |
information of conditions of the warring |
countries which will determine in large |
measure the rigor with which the food
regulations of the United States will be
framed and imposed at the outset of the
war with Germany. |
Mr. Hoover saw Secretaries Houston, |

Lane and Baker and will make nis |
formal report to President Wilson within |
a few days. (Ile retains his official con-
nection with the Belgian Relief Com-
mission, but for the present he will give
the benefit of his experience and his
knowledge of the European food situa-
tion to the Government. 4

He described food conditions in Bel-
gium as terrible. He would not go into
detail regarding privations caused by
the food shortage in England, but said
that country would need all the food-
stuffs that America could supply. He
urged increased production and the
elimination of all waste and emphasized
the point that the scarcity of food fast
was becoming a problem of universal
aspect.

Mr. Hoover had luncheon with Sec-
retary Houston and described to him the
measures that France and England were
taking to meet the food problem. He
discussed the effect of the curtailment
of the use of grains in the manufac-
ture of liquors, of restrictions on con-
synption and of means used to stimu-
late production. He went over with
Secretary Houston the provisions of the
food bill which was introduced in the
House yesterday, studying closely the
drastic regulationary powers that are
given the President and the Department
of Agriculture and comparing them with
the measures which have been taken
abroad to meet the situation.

Houston Sees Balfour.

Tt was emphasized by Mr. Hoover
that he was not in any sense a food
dictator. He was here solely in an ad-
visory capacity, he said, Secretary Hous-
ton being the ‘‘food boss." He said he
had a mass of detailed information to
submit to the President in respect to
every one of the warring countries. His
faformation includes the minutia of
production statistics as well as those
of distribution.

Secretary Houston conferred to-day
with Foreign Secretary Balfour, Alan
Anderson, who has the purchase of all
grains for the Allies; Sir George Foster
and other British and Canadian repre-
sentatives concerning the needs of the
Allies and the impositioN by Canada of
fegulations similar to those under con-
sideration by the United States, since
Canada is so close to this country that
ft would work to the detriment of Amerl-
can private interests if restrictions were
Placed here and not in Canada.

On the passage of the first of the food
bills {n Congress the Department of
Agriculture will effect an enlargement
of its staff to handle the increased bur-
dens and will do what remains to be
done in the encouragement of farmers
to plant larger crops. It is feared that
the sweeping nature of the regulatory
provisions in the second bill may cause
such a fight that its passage may he de-
layed to a date when the price fixing fea-
ture no longer will be effective as a stimu-
lation to this year’s production. If, how-
ever, there remains any planting to be
done after the bill is passed it is under-
stood the provision granting power to fix
minimum prices will be one of the first
invoked, Another will be that permitting
the Government to Ucense all agencies
having anything to do with the handling
of foodstuffs.

Secretary Houston issued a statement
to-day calling on the women to help in
the campaign of production and con-

 

 

» tends also to waste the labor of
an army of busy citizens.

“Whenever a useful garment is need-
lessly discarded material needed to
keen some one warm or dry may be con-
sumed merely to gratify a passing
fancy. Women would do well to look
Upon clothing at this time more par-
ticularly from the utilitarian point of
View

“Leather, too, is scarce, and the proper
shoeing of armies calls fot great sup-
Plies of this matertal. Anything that
an be done to encourage adults or
thildren tu take care of their shoes and
Make them last longer means that so
Much more leather 1s made available
for other purposes.”

Wheat Crop Prospects,

Recent estimates place the visible
®Upply of wheat in North America at
aoproximately 110,000,000 bushels; 75,-
010.900 bushels In Canada, and 35,000,-
009 bushels in the United States.

It also is estimated that there will be
450,500,000 bushels of winter wheat in
te United States upon 40,000,000 acres
Planted, Metimates of spring wheat now
being planted will be made on June 1.
All figures, {nm the light of averages
for past years, indicate Canada and the
‘hited States should be able to pro-
1 omething more than 900,000,000
s of spring and winter wheat this

  

 

   

‘ear, upon a combined area of about
$0,000,000 acres,

“pling wheat averages for the last
PW vears make about 250,000,000 bush-

Bervation,

“While all honor is due to the women
for those wounded in battle, no woman
should feel that because she does not
from patriotic service,” he sald. “The
home women of the country, if they wil!
ject of food conservation an@ train them-
sei\ves in household thrift, can make of
the housewife’s apron a uniform of na-
tonal significance.

May seem to be insignificant, but if only
# single ounce of edible food on the
away in each of our 20,000,000 homes
over 1,300,000 pounds of material would
of many acres and the work of many
people to raise, prepare and distribute
hivery ounce of food thrown away, there-
wshels for Canada the normal pro- |
Normally «about 16,000,000 ;
ea In the United States 19,-
icres of spring planted wheat, |
bout normal, while the total
. ‘se nermally for both spring and

who leave their homes to nurse and care
Wear a nurse's uniform she !s absolved
fe their minds fully to this vital sub-
‘Waste in any individual household
«erage ts allowed to spoil or be thrown
be wasted each day. It takes the fruit
454,004000 pounds of food a _ year.
> the United States aud 220,000- |
!

f wheat are planted in Canada
'

“= to averages for recent years,

cr wheat is about 52,000,000 acres.

British Boy Boston Fish,

'
' May 4.-—The sale of 14 000,- |
Is of fie to the British Crovern-
t local fishing company Was an-
today The consignment will
haddock and flounders, The
ipply has been curtailed by the
| use of trawling vessels for war

 

PRESIDENT OF HAYTI
AKES WAR DEMAND

Message to Congress Calls for
Decree Against Germany.

 

 

Port. au Prince, Hayt!,May 4,—Pres-
ident Artiguenare has sent a message to
the Senate and Chamber of Deputies Con-
gress demanding a declaration of war
against Germany. <A commission has

| been appointed to consider the question. |

of the fact that there were among the
Victims of the torpedoed French steamer
Montreal five Haytian members of the
crew and three Haytian passengers, The
Montreal was plying between Bordeaux
and Haytl.

 

The French steamer Montreal was of
3,342 tons gross and 345 feet long. No
previous report of her destruction hud

This action was taken in =
been received.

 

FOOD EXTORTIONERS
IN RUSH FOR PROFIT

 

 

| Meat Packers and Wholesalers

Raise Prices on Eve of
U.S. Regulation.

 

On the eve of Governmental regula-
tion of food prices charges were made
by retail merchants yesterday that meat
packers and wholesalers of foodstuffs in

New York are boosting prices to pro-
hibitive extremes, feverishly striving to

exact the last possible cent of extra
Profit before their extortionate prac-
tices are forbidden.

Practically all small retail grocery and
provision stores reported that prices
have jumped as much as 10 per cent.
since Thursday morning. Their propri-
etors declared that unless action is taken
immediately to restrict the greed of the
supply dealers they will.be forced out
of business.

Investigation yesterday revealed the
fact that avholesale prices for fresh and
preserved meats have gone up from 30
to 50 cents a hundred pounds in the
past week. Monday and Thursday are
the days when most retailers go to the
packers for supplies of city dressed beef
and other meats. Thursday morning
those who came to buy were told by the
slaughter house men that the price of
lamb had gone up 3 cents a pound
wholesale, Other meats had risen in
value too. No reason was given.

Washington Market Prices.

A list of some prices which have ad-
vanced in the past two days is shown
from the following quotations obtained
at Washington Market:

Sirloin steak jumped from 28 to 30
cents; the lowest price for legs of lamb
was 30 cents, as against 28 previously
quoted; hindquarters of lamb, quoted
early in the week at 28 cents, had
jumped 2 cents, and so had forequarters.
These prices do not include the whole-
sale jump of 3 cents a pound, which
must be accounted for later. Pork chops,
high at 18 cents in 1910, sold at 33
cents yesterday for middle cuts, while
whole loins went for 28 cents. Shoulders
of veal, quoted at 18 and 20 cents on
Monday, were 22 and 25 cents yesterday,
and leg of veal had jumped from 22 to
25 cents. Jersey roast pork was going
at 28 cents, with the Western variety
2 cents cheaper. Bacon cost 35 cents a
pound by the strip and 37 sliced. Fowls
Fold for 30 and 82 cents a pound, with
capons at 40 cents; roasting chickens
and broilers at 35 and Long Island
spring ducks at 30 cents, \

Inspectors for the Bureau of Weights |
and Measures reported yesterday that |
wholesalers admitted to them that there||
is now enough food, except a few!
varieties of canned vegetables, to sup-|
ply all demands. These very whole-
salers a few weeks ago declared there |
was not enotgh food available to last)
the city until the present date. At that]
time they raised prices on account of the |
alleged shortage. Yet yesterday, al-!
though they admitted a supply at ieast |
adequate for all demands, prices had not |
dropped.

Dairy Prodacts Still High.

Butter remained at 48 cents a pound |
retail, and the Washington Market mer-
chants declared this was so because
the wholesale price remained station.
ary. Eggs were still quoted at 40 and
45 cents for new laid. American cheese |
rested at the 32 cents a pound mark, !
with Roquefort at 64 and 65 cents. |

Southern vegetables were plentiful, |
but the price for asparagus was still 30 |
cents a bunch, lettuce 10 cents a head
and strawberries 20 cents a quart.

One very important foodstuff—the
potato—had dropped appreciably in cost. |
The price was $8.75 a barrel of 165
pounds, a decline of fully $1 from that
asked a few weeks ago. Merchants ex-
plained that this decrease !s due now,
to the supply of new Southern potatoes |
on the market. j

Commissioner Hartigan reported yes- |
terday that there {s a constant supply |
of fresh vegetables available, and the
public will gain by buying these and}
discarding the canned goods for a time. |
Butter, eggs and cheese should drop,
slightly for a few days at least.

ARGENTINA RELENTS.

Accepts Germany’s Amend in Monte
Protegide Case.

Buenos Arres, May 4.—The Council
of Ministers has examined into the reply
of Germany concerning the sinking by a
submarine of the Argentine steamer |
Monte Protagido and has reached a de- |
cision that the controversy has been set-
tled.

The German Government will be in-
formed officially of this decision.

CHILE STAYS NEUTRAL. |

Report of Break With Berlin Riat-|
culed by Officials.

Santr1aco, Chile, May 4.—The report
that the Chilean Minister at Berlin had
demanded his passports excited only ridi-
cule in official and Parliamentary circles
here. The same effect was prodiced by
another report that a secret compat
between Germany and Chile was being
considered.

It was stated that anonymous persons
were exploiting the credulity of the re-:
public with absurd news,

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pablishers Cleared of Charges,

On motion of Deputy Assistant District:
Attorney Unger the charge of publishing
objectionable literature, brought by Johns,
Sumner of the Society for the Suppression
of Vice against D, Appleton & Co. was,
dismissed yesterday by Justice Kerno- |
chan in the Court of Special Sessions, |

Peruvian Indians on Warpath.

Juma, Peru. May 4.—An Indian
rising is in progress in the Sandia region,
the gold mining district in southwestern
Peru, near the Bolivian border, Many |
ownera of estates and their employees ;
have been killed. |

 

 

 

BELL-ANS
Absolutely Removes

Indigestion. One package
provesit, 25cat all druggists.

up- |

BRAZIL CONGRESS — |

| GBTS WAR MESSAGE

 

President Sure Legislators
Will Meet German Situa- |
tion With Patriotism.

|

 

HE LAUDS ALLIES’ FAITH

 

Munitions Funds Asked, While |
Conscription Reveals Many |
Teuton Residents. |

 

Rio JANeIno, May 4.—Confidence that
the Brazillan Congress will deal patrioti-|
eally with the international situation re-|
garding this country and Germany !s
expressed by President Braz in his mes-
sage to the Congress, which will take the
situation in hand. The message justifies
the course of the Government in its deal-|
ing with the various foreign Powers, |
notably those with Germany leading up
to the rupture of diplomatic relations.
Brazil, says President Braz, in spite]
of her deep sympathy for the reestab-
lishment of peace, refrained from sup-

 

 

view, She was obliged to take up with
Germany the cases of the steamers Rio
Branco and the Parana, this leading to
the rupture of relations and the taking
over the German ships in Brazillian ports. :
Although in the case of the Parana
Foreign Secretary Zimmermann had ex-
pressed regret for the torpedoing of the)
steamship, Brazil did not desire to leave
the door open for further negotiations |
with Germany, and she was informed)
that Brazil considered the reply unsatis- |
factory. |

“It is my conscientious belief that in|
this delicate case the Government per-

formed ite duty loyally and with dignity,
without excess and without undue haste,”
Says the message. ‘‘The Executive acted
within the limits of his constitutional}
powers, and, as you were about to meet,
I decided to convey to you knowledge of |
the grave international situation in}
which Brazil finds herself, confident that)
under the ample powers granted you by
the constitution your patriotism will find
a way of manifesting itself in accordance |
with the gravity of the circumstances.”

 

Allied Governments Prained.

On other phases of the international |
situation President Braz praises the good |
faith of the French and British Govern-
ments in various circuinstances,

 

As to internal affairs the message
affirms the carefulness with which the|
Executive has administered the law,

and guarded against any administrative)

irregularities and emphasizes the!
economies that have been effected. |
The last application of progressive,

conscription revealed ignorance of the |
Portuguese language among a large |
number of German Brazilians, says the}
President, who considers this a most
grave circumstances demanding effica-
cious measures, i

Concerning the high cost of living the,
President recommends control of the ex-|
portation of food products as u matter
of the first necessity,

The annual report of the Minister of |
War recommends the appropriation of |
funds for the development of establish- |
ments for the manufacture of munitions, |
The Minister of Marine iif his repert |
ealls attention to the necessity for the!

construction of submarines and air-
planes.
Ex-President u Minister.
Nilo Peeanha, former President of|

Brazil, has been appointed Foreign Min-|
ister in sucéession to Dr,

Lauro Muller, |
resigned. He has accepted the port-|
foto. Dr. L. Martins de Sousa Dantas,
Under Secretary of State, who was ap-

 

pointed temporarily to head the Foreign
Office, relinquished this post on the ap-
pointment of Senhor Pecanha |

The newspapers suy that the Presi-
dent offered Dr, Muller another port-|
folio or an Ambassadorship, but that the
offer was refused.

In his letter of resignation Dr. Muller |
said that he retained office up to the
present only because he did not wish to|
abandon the President while Congress
Was not in session and when all respon- |

| sibility for action rested on the Execu-

tive. The Jornal do Commercio eulo-
gizes Dr. Muller for his work in drawing |
closer together the South American ré-
publics and says that even in the most}
delicate circumstances he gave proof of
deyotion and patriotism. The paper
says that Dr. Muller resigned so as to
avoid at the present hour any friction tn,
the political life of the nation. i

O. Paiz addresses an appeal to Con-
gress exhorting {it to harmonize Brazillan
policy with that of President Wilson and |
to give Brazil the place which belongs |
lo it in the struggle for humanity. |

VENEZUELA AGGRIEVED.

 

 

 

Maintains Neutrality, but Blames

|
|
Germany for Maritime Policy, |
'
|
|
|

Caracas, Venezuela, May 4.—In his
annual message to Coggress President
Gomez says that Venezuela is still ob-
serving the strictest neutrality, but that}
Germany has departed from the accepted |
practice {n maritime warfare, Thus far
no incident has occurred {in the course
of Germany's submarine operations to
cause injury to Venezuela, and conse-
quently this nation has not found itself
involved in complications such as
brought the United States into the war.

The President sajg Venezuela would |
conform its procedure to the principles |
of international law regarding the rights |
and duties of neutrals, and was follow-
ing the course of affairs with interest on
account of the principle in defence of
which the United States had taken up
arms, as Well as on account of the tra-
ditional friendship between Venezuela
and the United States,

 

Military and Naval :
Text Books

| Officers’ Reserve Corps—Army
| and Navy. Infantry, Cavalry

     
         
   
    
   
   
        
 

andArtillery Drill Regulations.
Tactics. Strategy. Topography.

  

Aeronautics. Submarines. Mo- |
tor Boats. Preparedness, Mili- |
tary Hygiene. Books for the |
Citizen Army in general. Flags. |
Maps. Serial and Illustrated

Publications on European War. |

 

 

| the

) the

THE SUN, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1917.

e+

 

GERMANY ADMITS
WAR WITH AMERICA

 

port Daily to Police.

COPENHAGEN, via London, May 4.—,

Word has been received here from
Americans in Berlin that the German
military authorities have issued orders
that Americans are now to be regarded
as hostile foreigners and are required
to report daily to the police stations.
They may not leave their homes between
10 o'clock in the evening and 6 o'clock
in the morning, nor, in case they are

residents of Berlin, go outside the police |

limits,

This action by the German Govern-
ment is regarded here as virtually the
first recognition by the Government of

the existence of a state of war with the
United States,

SPY BILL, MODIFIED,
PASSED IN HOUSE

Continued from First Page.

 

 

 

 

amendment. There was little debate on
the bill proper. Chairman Webb made
the closing speech for the Administra-
tion forces, appealing to the (House to
accede to the demands of the President.
After the House had refused to do this

by striking out the obnoxious section, |
Porting proposals made with that !déa in/the Administration forces went to work |

to bring wavering members into line
and taking advantage of the lull suc-
ceeded in mustering a majority for the
modified provision,

Representatives Clark, Mann, Kahn
and others arrayed themselves against
censorship provision to the end.
Compromise amendments to modify it

tions falled,
umendment

these was
Representative

Among
offered by

McCormick, Ilinois, specifying the kind |

of information that might not be pub-
lished, which was defeated without a
mil call. The Kahn amendment

‘ land!"

‘
| Stars

| ana make less harsh its drastic restric- |
the:

 

IRISH START RIOT

uires U. S. Citizens to Re- DURING WAR RALLY

 

Continued from Firat Page.

 

| them. They were dominating the meet-
jing by sheer strength of lung.
| woman, scarcely five feet tall, was com-

| manded to shut her mouth. She screamed | shouted:
Two policemen |

ran for her, springing over chairs in the!
way and none too particular about whom | temper.
As they neared her | ©@™me in,

all the more wildly.

they stepped upon.
she defied them with clawed fingers.
They tackled her together, one seizing

her by the shoulders, another by the feet, |

and in half a minute she was being car-
ried to the door, while other women
|acreamed “Shame!” and “Oh, you
brutes!"

And all this tima Chairman McAdoo,
shamed and indignant, as he said, pound-
ed and pounded for order, splintering

 

feet of Columbia the sword of the!

chivalry of Ireland. We want to do

| Something more than our duty tn this

 

| McAdoo's speech. “Never !" she screamed,

| factured the disorder subsequently.

One

his walking stick and wearing hic voice |

to rags. Five girls ina group dared the
police to touch them, shrieking:

“We are Irish colleens! Down with
England! We are not slaves to Eng-

A squad of police surrounded these,

pushed them out of the hall, avoiding
| finger nails with considerable skill <A
dozen fights were in progress as Irish-
men who believed that
and Stripes should come before
anything else and that it was pretty low
business to make,a scene while Irishmen
; who loved their country were testifying
\ to that love and loyalty beat the faces
of Irishmen who preferred to hiss Eng-
land rather than cheer for the flag.

It was a miserable and depressing
\scene. Of the 1,500 or 1,600 persons in
| Cooper Union last night at least one-
| third took part in a demonstration which
Judge McAdoo and Mr. Colby regarded
as nothing less than an insult to the
flag. Not until the last speech was made

| evicting trouble makers and cuffing loud

au-|

mouthed invaders
reluctant silence.

into temporary and

thorizing the President to name a cen-/

sorship board also was rejected.
amendments met the same fate.
only fight was over the censorship and
in this the Administration by adroit
parliamentary tactics won at least a
partial victory.

The struggle will now be transferred
to the Senate, which has been wrestling
with its own bill. The embargo section
was approved to-day in committee of the
whole after futile efforts were made to
amend it. The section giving the Post-
master-General authority to exclude
treasonable or seditious matter from the
mails and the section atnplifying the
right of administrative officers to mate
investigations under search Whirrants
are yet to be approved.

Other

Embargo Claase Adopted.

When the bill reaches the Senate, the
whole fight over the censorship section
will be reopened, and there is a possi-
bility that it will be eliminated. There
is at least a

By a vote
subetituted

of 49 to 30 the Senate
for the export embargo

, ica

 

) Was

strenuous parliamentary |
} contest in prospect. {

Trouble Warn Anticipated.

The

Trouble had been anticipated from the
start. There had been hints that one or
two Irish organizations that have beer
more conspicuous for their friendliness
to Germany and hate for England than
for their loyalty the United States
would try to break up the meeting. un-
less the home rule question was brought
up in resolutions and unless England
Was virtually insulted by an American
meeting. In fact the invitations sent
out by Judge McAdoo, John J. O'Con-
nell, former Senator O'Gorman, Justice
John Ford, James A. Foley, John R
Walsh, Joseph FP. Brennan, Joseph T
Ryan and others who wanted earnestly
to pledge the faith of the Iri in Amer-
to service with the army and the
avy under an approved universal ser-
vice law ‘were followed by a fake notice
that the British Minister for Foreign
Affairs, the Right Hon. Arthur Balfour,
to address the mass meeting, @
notice calculated shrewdly to arouse the
ire of certain types of Irishmen in New

of

to

 

 

| York.
That Mr. Balfour was to appear was, |

clause of the espionage bill suggested by -

President Wiison one restricting the
President's authority embargo ex-
ports only when American products are
reaching the enemy. The substitute
embargo clause, agreed to by a vote in
which partisan lines were eliminated,
reads:

“When during the pending war the
President shall find that exports to a
particular country are being used. di-
rectly or indirectly to supply an enemy
country, and shall make proclamation
thereof, it shall be unlawful to export
any article or articles from the United
States to Much country except and under

to

-such regulations and orders and subject

to such limitations and exceptions as
the President shall prescribe until other-
wise ordered by the President or by
Congress.”

The committee draft of the embargo
section, which had been submitted hy
the President, proposed that whenever
United States is at war and the
should find the public safety
required exports might be

President
or welfare
embargoed.

 

    
   
   
  
     
  

 

 

 

of course, denied;
net catch up with the lie and the false
notice undoubtedly caused a good deal of
turbulence Which resulted.
tuses unpeared to be the resentment of

he

 

yro-German Irishmen to the conserip-
tion law, to their anger that American
troops are to be sent to Europe, and

to their wubsolute rage that the United
States is appearing in the war as an
ally of England

Coroner ‘Tim Healy,
dignant, by the way, at the outcome of
the meeting as was Judge McAdoo,
opened the ceremonies with a few werds
of. introduction for New York's Chiet
Magistrate of police courts. Judga Me-
Adoo said at the outset;

“We

luted

who was ag in-

here as citizens of un-

to pledge all that
have to the honor, safety and triumph of
the republic. We are not here to dis-
the of War the in
country We are
lead of our great
the free peoples
here to la

meet

lovaltys we

cuss euuses the or
ternal affairs of any

here to. fe the
Tresident,

the world,

llow
leader of

We are the

at

~

 

(Saturday)

in order that the

of the

 

loyalty to the) of the United States, no matter of what

edged them off their chairs and literally:

war. We are here to urge our young
Irishmen to go into the army and the
navy.”

A woman's voice broke through Judge

“Never!” and there was agpatter of ap-
Diause from the sections which manu-

Interraptions Begin.

“God knows how long the war will
last,” continued Judge McAdoo, A man

“Till it conquers England!”

The chairman flushed, but kept his
At that moment the Mayor
There was a fine round of ap-
plause, but through the applause came
vibillant hisses, and they were numerous
and widely scattered. Mr. Mitchel’a lip
curled jn contempt and he threw a cold
glance to the parts of the hall from
which the hisses sprang.

Ile was Interrupted the {nstant he be-
fan to speak—tmore hisses, Then came
a chorus of expostulations, protests tyaty
rang familiarly in the next hour or fo:

“Put him out! Put out the dirty dog!"
And then angry voices in challenge:

“Put who out? Who's a dirty dog?”
“Come and say it to me faca!"

“It is a satisfaction and pleasure for
me to join with you in this testimonial
to America of her loyal citizens,” the
Mayor began, and a woman laughed un-
pleasantly. “This is no light contest in
which we have entered. God knows that

,our patience and forbearance were ¢x-

| pose of

were the police through with the job of ,

but the truth could,

of |

 

 

6G. Altman & Cn.

~~

announce that

the Store will be closed to-day

PROMPTLY AT NOON

 

B. Altman & Co. Regiment

Home Defense League

may participate in the parade

SO OL PRL At APPL AAR AEN AEA PLEO Pen me

Fifth Avenue - Madison Avene, New York |

 

hausted. But now it is for the citizens
stock, to stand by the flag of their coun-
try and in support of their Government.
In every crisis there is a group whose
standards do not measure up to the pur-!
the many.” Here the Mayor:
paused, turned a glance at the trouble
producing sections of the hall, and then
resumed: ‘“‘We have a few such among
us. It is for us to repudiate those men,
those who put any loyalty above that
which we owe to our country.

Good, hammering cheers followed this
denunciation, but again hisses were
heard. |

“Those men who, now that the nation |
is at war, are not willing to support the
army and navy of the United States
are not Irishmen of the type that you
and I recognize as loyal,’ the Mayor
went on. ‘The Government is preparing
for the part that America must play.
We are about to have enacted, thank |
God, a compulsory service law. [More |
hisses,] ‘That bill will give us a great |
army and will iner@ase our navy. Tt
means that the United States intends,
ts she ought, to send troops to France
to take their places shoukier to shower
with the men of France. Some of you '
will go with that army.” {

An elderly Irishman, well forward in ;
the hall, half arose, saying with a sort |
of sneer: '

“LT will ff you will. Come along wit’!
me,”’

“There is no privilege T would esteem
more highly than the privilege of doing
just that, responded the Mayor in-
stantly, and the cheers overwhelmed the

'
hisses, But a woman's voice sounded ,
again, shrilly, Insistent!y: |
“Never! Our men shall never fight}

‘

for England!”

Mayor faunds Irish Bravery.

“The record they will make there,” |
the Mayor resumed calmly, ‘will equal |
the record that Irishmen have made since
time began whenever it was their duty!
to serve a noble cause upon the fieid!
of battle.”

The Mayor bowed and left the hall to
Keep another engagement, Former Sena-
tor O'Gorman stepped forward and 7;
ceived the friendliest greeting any |
speaker got at the meeting At that
minute Capt, O'Toole’ threw out the first
bunch of disturbers and the party was on,

“As in other crises,” said Mr. O'Gor- ;
man, “there was a difference of opinion
mong well meaning tnen, a difference

of opinion due to the feeling of some

  
 

1¢-

   

 
  

 

that war might not bo a at
this tine. But that is behind 1 The
Am ‘an nation as one man is prepared |

   

to endure any sacrifice to defe the |
Stars and Stripes. We are Sighting for

a noble cause.”

a big part of the audience had hoped for
and during the next fifteen minutas !{t
was Knock down and drag out. Capt
O'Toole’s men spread through the room
and were joined by the reser When

  

 

A ene

Thirty-fifth Streee

A

  
 
   

j
|
The Judge wasn't taking the line fhat | ‘

 

 

da
Ba aS
A Ta)

i

Additional protection
against substitutes— “The
Bayer Cross” on every
package and every tablet
of genuine Aspirin.

Your
Gaarantee

The trade-mark “Aspirin’((Reg. U.S. Pat. Off.)
fs a guarantee that the monoaceticacidester of
Balicylicacid in these tablets and capsules is of
the reliable Bayer manufacture,

Tablets: Pocket Boxes of 12
Bottles of 24 and 100

Bayer-Capsules of Aspirin sold
in sealed packages of 12 and 24

AMERICAN OFFICIAL
IN HOLLAND ACCUSED

   

it was quieted and Judge McAdoo had
spoken his mind, Bainbridge Colby took
theeplatform to give them a little more
of the same.

“T seriously trust.” sald Mr. Colby,
“that no person who took part in the
demonstration of a few minutes ago in-

 

tended it as a demonstration against dae
that flag.”
lew Uebete w bent, | Charged With Pro-German

He turned with some dramatic effect |
and pointed squaraly to the big American |
flag draped upon the wall at the back|
of the platform. There were loud shouts
of "No!" Mr. Colby resumed:

“There can be no division of allegiance ; An American official in Holfand, whose
when America enters a war for liberty. identity the Government is hiding, is
1 denounce the man who will fly the flag | facing probable recall to this country
of the Irish republic or any other re- | and prosecution for pro-German activt-
public in the face of the Stars and/| ties as a result of disclosures made by
Stripes.” Charles FB. Hustings, the correspondent,

Amid loud cheers Capt. O'Toole's gal- | WO pleaded guilty yesterday to neu-
lant evicters chuckea out a few more! thlity violations.
human calliopes and presently the meet-

Acts by Hastings, Convicted
Correspondent.

 

When Judge Martin T. Manton of the

 
  

  

 

; | Federal District Court imposed upon
ing ended with ehouts, hoots, isses - : ‘
vardenie and fist fi te poe AUER EE Hastings, at the request of Prosecutor
eo ; : Jolin «, Knox, the moderate sentence of
ere one year and one day in Atlanta Fed-
NEW GREEK CABINET FORMED. ; erat penitentiary, with a recommenda-
on jtion for his parole at the end of four
Premier Alexander Zaimis Acts as) Months. the other ease hecaine hnown,

Mr. Knox himself told the
the pri

court that
Foreign Minister. information

soner had turnished

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

  

 

  

   
    
 
   
 

 

   

 

  

 

 
     

  

    

 

 

 

ATHENS, via London, May 4.—Alex-! Of much value to the overnment, which
ander Zaimis, the new Premier, hag) i ordinary times would entitle him to
formed the following Cabinet: a suspended sentence He pene ‘ bests

Fremier and Forelgn Minister—Alox- fury ard had ‘Told ai that fe. ieee
ander Zaimis. ibout the work of Albert O. Sander and

Minister of Intertor -Phoclan Negria.} Karl No Wunnenberg, the two conferse:

Minister of War—Col. Haralamb's, | German sples who scnt him abroad as

Minister of Navy-—Capt. Perycles i their agent, d that he had alsa 1

Minister of Shipping—M. Deterdjis. vealed the in acies of their scheme

Minister of Finance—ID, G. Rhallis. Mr. Kno liracterized Hastings as

| Minister of Justice—Constantine ol of the mans and said that de
i bourikis. perate financial straits and a misunder

Minister of Commuhications—M, Argi-] standing of the real dark purposes be-
ropoulis, hind their operations had been responsi-

Minister of National Economy—M.|ble for his trouble. He added that the
Callyghas. | correspondent had always possessed

Minister of Food—M. Drospoulos. good reputation and had tlis reason

Minister of Education--M. Ferenitis been picked ¢ 1e Teuton plotters

epee eee Sas who made his ¢ tance when he wa
femploved : 6 press agents f
COMMISSION COMING. ithe big Ge ival at Sheepshead
. | Bay las
Will Confer at Washington on | Hastings of Canadian extractio
He is middte aged and has a wife anil
Needs of Russia, | two small ehildre:

VeTnosrap, via Tondon, May 4—-A] z
commission representing the Russian Woman Killed by Plunge,
provisional Government will leave in the In the absence c 7 stes and

inear future for America to confer with ENT Minnie clieenstein efther
American Governinent officials concern- | fal, or tires elt from the Window
ting the industrial, economic and financtal f 1 t apartme st
relations of the two cour hows q \We streer, The

The personnel of the has! jaronx. vest yt She dic
already been decided, but oft a few minute {te z picked ww

slopers are rot vee i hia om the pavemer ( yout Mr
jon They will be vested (sreey no who wa S ye old, had

st powers, similar to those Ae dean)< lepr 1 e deat
h and British comn YY

 

 

  
  
     
   
   
       
       
     
           
   
     
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
      
 

Saks {Company

Broadway at 34th Street

  

Announce an Important Special

Sale of 500 Military Service
Watches at $5.50

Just the watch for a
man in uniform-——
Army, Navy or Police.
Made with a special
“Radium” dial, whieh
can be plainly seen in the dark. Tho wrist
straps are wide and particularly mannish, and
are obtainable in Brown, Black, Grey or Tan.

At $8.50—We shall offer a 7-jewel

lever movement wrist watch, in
octagon or oval model. J/lustrated.

At $10.50—We shall present a 7-jewel move-
ment sterling silver wrist watch, in square model
with superior quality leather strap.

 

- Home Defense Uniforms
at $6.50
Coat and breeches, made in regulation mili-
tary model of Olive Drab Twill Khaki.

3,600 Pairs Men’s Silk
Hose, Special at 55¢
Six pairs for $3.25—Full fashioned half-hose with
high-spliced double sole, heel and toe, in Black, White,
Russet, Champagne, Grey, Smoke. Under present
market conditions this most remarkable value.
Sizes Oto to 11'y.

is a

Men’s Athletic Union Suits
Special at 69c
In three distinct stvles, made of fine Pin Check Madras,
Cross Bar Madras, and Self-sstriped Cotton. + full
and roomy, in the much-favoved trouser seat im del,
Remarkable value.

 

 

 

ALD a TS

se men eres

err