SUNDAY PREACHES
T0 6,000 STUDENTS

Gives Advice on Love, Clothes,
First Drinks, Books and
Penny Ante.

 

 

1,084 HIT SAWDUST TRAIL
Blow Dealt at Kaiser as Evan-
gelist Pays Tribute to
Youth of Land. -

 

Rilly Sunday preached about Sam-

students last night. There was less the-
ology and more advice packed in his
nour's discourse than in any of his
forty-seven or -cight sermons to date,
and the 10,000 grownups who splashed
through the rain to the big meeting
house seemed to enjoy the homely do's
and don'ts for adolesggnts as much as
the youngsters.

As near as the eye could determine
Billy didn’t pass up anybody when he
was sending around his advice. He had
something to say on love, clothes, first
drinks, Dooks, penny ante, eating and
poarding houses... In fact, he laid out
quite a programme for the boarding
house youth.

“Your hall bedroom isn't much of a

palace, Dut it's a heap sight better than
the gilded saloon or the billiard hall,
whose back doors lead to hell,” Billy
proclaimed to the 5,000. “And so are
your clothes with patches better than
fancy togs that aren't paid for. Patches
are more honorable than pawn tickets
any old day—and to be a regular fellow
you don’t have to wear a suit that looks
as if it were cut on a crosscut saw by
a crosseyed tailor and then shot on you
out of a howitzer. And a bow! of bean
soup and a sinker is more satisfactory
than a big Diowout at the St. Regis or
the Vanderbilt if you haven't got the
@eugh to meet the check.”

Tells Story of Samson,

Billy had a lot to say about Samson,
teo, One would suppose the strong man
of the Old Testiment ranks right along-
side of the Colonel. Billy almost wept
real tears when he told in what he con-
tended was New York slang—but really
was lowa vernacular—the story of how
Samson got his hair cut by the Philis-
tine barber until “he didn’t have any
more strength than any of you bald
heads right down there have.” And
then a little later, when he “put on”
the temple scene when the blind and
ruined husk of a man, electrified through
the power of Christ, pulled down the
pillars and slew his enemies. and tor-
mentors. Billy was as happy as any
schoolboy who cheered with him.

Although Billy contends that his one
Jed is working for Christ he never
misses an opportunity to put in a ood
word for Uncle Sam. And last night he
ewung with his right hand at the doubt-
ers who see no good in our youth, and
with his left he let drive a stinger for
William of Prussia,

“Thank God I'm not one of those who
continually harp that our young man-
hood is lost! he shouted. “We've got
millions who may be poor of purse but
pure of heart, and they're the salt of
the earth. When country calls they
shut their books and rush to the colors
and bare their breasts to the firing line.
Say, we've got 15,000,000 fine young
men in America. And I'm not one who
Delieves Germany is going to make old
Prexy Wilson eat granite-—there'll be
100,000,000 to stand by him and help
him eat it. Get that, William!”

Trail Hit by 1,084.

Several hundred of the boys and girls
came forward, “down the trail that leads
to Christ.” when the invitation was
given at the close of the sermon. Three
sailors headed the long line, but right
behind them crowded a half score of
girls from the Horace Mann High School.
Three or four Japanese students were
prominent as well among the converts.
Allogether 867 answered the call last
night. In the afternoon 217 went for-
ward, forty of these being elderly
women who came from the Stanton
street Helping Hand Bible class. Two
youngsters about 10 years old, who bore
all the facial proofs of having wandered
far from the family synagogue, proudly
marched toward the head of the proces-
Bion,

The collections continue to show signs
of falling off. Thursday's donations
toward the expenses of the campatgn
&niounted to $1,091.67, as
$1.445.98 for the preceding Thursday.

The official title of last night's ser-

|
|

when he went awhy every decent per-
fon in the city was sorry to\see him go.
New York should be mighty thankful

son and expurgated ethics for juveniles
1o some 6,000 high school and college ¢

against 1

tion was “Samson and Delilah,” and Mr. {

Sunday took as his text Judges, xvi., 19
“she made him sleep upon her knees.”

Samson, Billy said, was a victim of the
overindulgence and weakness of his par-
ents. “Samson got a wrong start. He
got everything he wante@ when he
Should have got a half inch white oak
shingle. He made a wrong stast in
his love affairs, and h

in getting on the rightrack.”

never succeeded ;

‘
Drink Denounced Again.
‘
{

Billy's recital of the tale of Samson
Was very dramatic. Leaving Samson
at g in the ruins of the temp@ along-
@ide
to modern youths and the temptations
that heset them,
the first to receive the original Sunday
treatment,

“Drink's the greatest
World to-day,” he cried.

curse
“And

Ww

it isn’t}

the filthy little stale beer joint up MMi who arrived yesterday from a British

Qiley that’s doing the most harm, but,
the gilded barroom with the fine mahog-
any and the almost priceless pictures on
the walls, They don't allow any buins

his enemies, the evangelist swung |

Drink, of course, was !

‘
{
|
\

the,

 

Mr, Sunday's coming,” he sald, “but!

for the aplendid work he is doing.”

The life of the believer {ts full of glory |
and peace, Billy said. “Just take God
into your partnership; let Christ be the
head of your house. Don't be a hobo
panhandling at God’s back door. You
can be just as good as you want to be
and go just as far with God's faith as
you want to go.”

Modern literature, and especially
novels, came in for a flailing by Billy.
“We pught to go through our homes and
have a revival of literature,” he shouted.
“If some of you would burn all the foul
books in your libraries you wouldn't
have enough paper left to bang your
hair or wad a shotgun.”

There are two pillars that support the
Lord, “Thou shalt”
not,” Billy contended,

and “Thou shalt

“God will damn
you for what you don't do just as quick
as he will for what you do, It isn’t just
enough to come to this Tabernacle, drop
a nickel in the tin plate and sing ‘Jesus
paid it all.’

“God is pouring down a blessing here

hat fairly staggers me. He is giving
ou the privilege of witnessing a re-
ligious revival that has never been
equalled since the Stars and Stripes first
waved over our country.”
This afternoon a special programme
has been arranged for the boys and girls
meeting at 2 o'clock. A patriotic touch |
will be given by 56,000 small American
flags presented to the children by Lewis
L. Clark, chairman of the finance com-
mittee of the Mayor's Defence Com-
mittee. .

 

TRUTON ATTACKS
RENEWED IN EAST

Germany and Austria Shell
Russian Trenches and Ex-
plode Mines.

 

LONvON, May 4.--A Russian regiment
attacked last night the Teuton positions
in the Buchitza Valley on the Rumanian
front and were repulsed Berlin and
Vienna announce to-day. The Russians
were cut up by the Teuton artillery: fire
and the attack broke down before their
positions, according to these statements.
Petrograd says nothing of the attack.

The whole Russian front has been
more active than on almost any day
since the revolution. Many mines have
been exploded, especially by the Ger-
mans, The Germans also have bom-
barded the Russian trenches heavily, ovi-
dently having concluded to give up their
efforts to get the Russian troeps out of

the trenches by peace overtures. The
official statements follow ;

German—iIn the Carpathians three
Russian battalions attacked our posi-
tions north of the Suchitza Valley,
but without any success.

Austrian—Yesterday evening at-
tacks by a Russian regiment broke
down before our positions north of the
Suchitza Valley.

Russian—In the direction of Kovel,
in the region of Wuhari, the enemy

 

LEVY ON BIRDSEYE
TO GET $1,970,000;

Attachment Issued as Result |
of His Getting Control of
Pittsburgh Life. |

 

 

INJUNCTION ISSUED ©

George F. Montgomery Tells
of Deals—Three Indict-
ments Sought.

T00!

 

Startling additional revelations of the
methods of high finance attributed to
Clarence F. Birdseye and his small
group of associates in getting control
of the $24,000,000 in assets of the Pitts-
burgh Life and Trust Company were |
made to District Attorney Swann and |
Insurance Superintendent Phillips yes- |
terday by George F. Montgomery, who

appeared in the transactions as the pur- W hitman’s Pet Measure So

chaser of two lumber companies, Bonds |
of these enterprises were used to replace |
the securities in the vaults of the Pitts- |
burgh Life.

Montgomery is understood to have
made a full statement of his part.
Though he helped swing deals involving
at least $1,000,000 he is said to nave |
admitted that far from being a man of |
financial standing he*had been made a |
judgment debtor both in this city and in
Jacksonville, Fla.

The District Attorney's office hopes
for the indictment of at least three men, '
probably on a charge of grand larceny’
in the first degree. Evidence will be
placed before the Grand Jury late next

CITY TINDAV PRRACHRG  ['z,turars meer == TOU AN RIRNCRVR CITY PENSIONER AS ASKS

 

* TO HAVE IT CUT OFF

 

Widow No Longer Needs Aid,

She Writes Adamson.

omeeflscremnne
For the first time in the history of the

city, so far as officials know, a pensioner

has asked that the pension be discontin-
| wed because it is no longer needed.

| Cauley,

The pensioner is Mra. Elizabeth Mc-
2971 Decatur avenue, The

| Bronx, and she has been drawing a pen-

sion for the last ten years.
widowe
vey,
No. 14.

She is the
mother of the late John Fia-
reman from Hook and Ladder
As the dependent parent of a

deceased pensioner she has been recelv- ;

ing $300 a year.

In her letter to Fire Commissioner |

Adamson she said she was now so situ-
ated financially that she no longer re-
quired the city’s ald.

‘This woman is honest and a patriot,” '

remarked the Commissioner as he signed |
the order discontinuing her pension. {

LOCAL OPTION BILL

signal defeat in the State Senate to-day
when the “city local option” bill he ad-
vocated
surely fail in the Assembly.
stands now,

 

 

PRACTICALLY DEAD

 

 

 

Amended in Senate It.
Cannot Be Passed.

ALBANY, May 4,—-Gov. Whitman met

was so amended that it will
As the bill
it provides that cities shall

 

ee eae, Waal SUN, ’ SATURDAY, MAY 5, "1917.

JOFFRE IN HIS FIRST (CASUALTY COMPANY

Marshal of France Waves Tri-| State to ‘Liquidate Concern

PRAISES

War Commission Greeted by} Several Millions Involved, but

Cesnire Joffre, Marshal of France, urged

few words in Congress, and ‘brought the |
cheering throngs to their feet amid wav-
ing of flags by asserting that the French |
and the American flags, which he en-
twined as he spoke, would never sepa-

-

4+ 5

SERMON TOPICS IN.
NEWYORK CHURCHES

eee ee

Dr.John Kelman of Edinburgh

   

 

 
     
     
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

request was granted there ‘seemed’ to
be grave danger that accumulations of
| Judgments and levy of execution thereon
{would dissipate the assets of the cor-
poration in the satisfaction ‘of matured
claims, to the great loss and damage of
,other claimants.

“Upon receipt of the company’s re-
quest application was immediately made
to the court for an order to show cause.
, This order was returnable May 4, and

  

SPEECH IN AMERICA’ OF AMERICA SHUT’

 

 

Color and Stars and Stripes Crippled by $200,000 Coal 4 ae PI Will Preach at Fourth
in Chicago. Bonding Deal. saeerane A ea iceny tt tan Cate Prisbyterian,

ulty Company of America for the pur-
pose of liquidating its business and wind-
ing up its affairs.

‘“yhe Superintendent has appointed
M. J. Wright as his special deputy in
active charge of the liquidation pro-
_ ceedings. Mr. Wright hae been asso-
‘olated with the liquidation bureau of
this department for a number of years
and his ability and experience well
qualify him for this important work.

‘The Casualty Company of America
was incorporated September 23, 1903,
and has been engaged in writing gen-
leral casualty and surety lines, Its vol-
lume of business has been large, its

 

 

 

a

SOCIETY FOR ETHICAL Coe .
Central Park West at Sixty-fou roa
At 11 A. M, to-morrow Dr. Henry Neumé@nn
wilt speak on the subject “Can Human
Nature Be Changed?" At the same time
Dr. Felix Adior will address the Brooke
@ociety at the Academy of eis fF
lyn, taking as his subject “My Rel gion.”
FREE SYNAGOGUE, Carnegie Hatl--
At 10:45 A. M. to-morrow Dr. Wise wii!
preach on the subject of “Can We Win
the War Without Losing America?”’
FOURTH PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
West End avenue at ener yS -first street--
War sermon, “Life and Death Ifn_ the
Trenches,” by Dr, John Kelman of Edin-
burgh, Scotland.

 

“STANCH ALLY"|E. L. HEARN GETS BLAME

 

 

Policy Holders May Be
Paid in Full.

Enthusiastic Crowds in
the Middle West.

May

x

 

 

 

Jacques | As a result of a series of heavy losses |
| sustained while the company was under

CHICAGO, 4, — Joseph

| by the repeated and vociferous demands ian riper of Edward L. Hearn, a | preeaias inoome alnce 1912 having ss rirey, THOUGHT CHUR i. a Siiterton

of an meeti to-night made his ormer president, Jesse S, Phillips, State |eraged over $3,000,000 per year. ts eatre— e Subconscious Mind" w' ie
| nass meeting ri Superintendent of Ingurance, was or-|Dusinens fer the first nine ‘months of | the subject of Dr. F. W. Sears's lecture at
| first speech in America, aside from a 11:15 a. m. to-morrow.

{1916 amounted to approximately $3,-

dered yesterday by the courts to take | 499 999 in premiums written.
i possession of the Casualty Company of |
America in order to conserve Its assets. |
| The Superintendent made application for |
the order on behalf of the board of di-

CATHEDRAL OF ST. JOHN THE DI-
VINE—At both the 11 A. M. and the 4
P. M. services the preacher will be the
Rev. Henry O. Nash, who has been of-
ficiating during the winter at Emmanvel
Church, Southern Pines, N. C.

HARLEM-NEW YORK PRESBYTERIAN
CHURCH, Mount Morris Park @t 1224

Reasons for Trouble.

“The difficulties in which this’ com-
pany finds itself may be ‘largely at-
| tributable to poor selection of business

rectors. The company is one of the | -— . le Eye.” .
rate while the struggle for liberty con- | jargest bonding concerns in the country. eae ee ten pong tg A eth as ined te Too Snort ana the
tinued, It has a capital of $750,000, but this sum | underwriting, and an examination by Covers Too Narrow.”

Auditorium to

  
  
  

COLLEGIATE CHURCH, West End ave-
nue at Seventy-seventh street--Minister,
the Rev. Henry Evertson Cobb, i; Bes
11 A. M., the Rev. W. H.

does not represent adequately the wide l thts department, showtn

The large crowd that gathered in the
scope of its Dusiness.

greet the French com-

g its condition
as of September 30, 1916, disclosed a

The company was formed in 1903 by rio rt, file Jo- | Morning service,
mission at the end of its first day's tour|the late Andrew Freedman, Tammany | vember ee dudes ka tmmpairment §. Demarest, D. D. LL. D., presigent of
. ’ a
of the middle West insisted on hearing Rutgers College, will preach. ernoo

Joffre.
audience that the Marshal was a soldier
and not an orator,

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 

chief, with a view of obtaining the | of g¢54,112.43 in the company’s capital
principal part of the bonding business of | of ty 000. : - Z

the city employees when the Tammany
rule of New York city was supreme. In
1909, when Tammany. began to lose its
grip on the city, Freedinan sold control

service, 4:30 P, M., Dr. Cobb will preach.

CHURCH OF THE MESSIAH, Park ave-
nue at Thirtv-fourth street--The Ter
John Haynes Holmes, minister, will preach
on the subject “Who's Who in Billy Sun
day's ‘Hell’ at 11 A. M.

the A requisition was im-
mediately served upon the company to
| aT good this impairment by December

. 1916, The impairment wae not at that

It had been explained to

but the flag waving

| vote “yes” or “no” on the question “Shall| auditors, having seen the veteran's ‘ete made good, but arrangements to ei .
|quor be sold?” instead of voting on| cheeks wet with tears during an tnspir~ | To, syndicate headed by Fdwin W. De that end were progressing and no ac- eta eerie neat orne Wee. Chester
| four questions of druggists’ license, sa-! ; ; see | Leon, Edward 1, Hearn, Lyman A.’ tion was then taken by this depart-|C, Marshall pastor. There Cait Bo MERAY
/Joon license, bottle Iecense and hotel} '"s speech by former Premier Viviani, | Spalding and Jolin I. Connelly. ment. On December 22, 1916, the com-|nion service tn the morning Tn the eve
license, ag the towns throughout the! whom the Marshal embraced at the cli- The principal losses, which Yed to the pany perfected a readjustment to such nine Mpa) eae ke Sanit: sermon will be
, State now vote and as the original bill) max of the Minister's oration, yelled action by the Superintendent of In-ian extent that the impairment was er, MICNOLAS AVBNUE PRESBY-
Oe | for J Lhe finally yielded, surance were sustained on bonds agere=' deemed to have been made good. In| pERTAN CHURCH, corner 14st street--

The Governor was highly incensed | fF Joffre until he nally 3 gatingabout $200,000 made to the Susque- ‘tie meanwhile, that is between Novem-(The Rev. Wiliott W. Brown, D, Dy, pastor
when he learned, the defeat of his pet The Freneh war chief, irf full uniform, | hanna Coa} Company to secure payment | her 13 and December 15, 1916, al! of its will preach at both a eae ia cL
measure was uccomplished through the | stepped to the front of the rostrum hold. | for coal delivered by that company to the) unexpired business, except its fidelity His morning topic, HGR pints Meivine

week, This office was hopeful last night,
that the Pennsylvania authorities would
be content to rely upon the New York
officials and permit the prosecution ‘of
the cases here.

Action in Pennsslvanino,

A despatch to Tue Sun from Putla-
delphia. however, said that Attorney-
General Francis Shunk Brown of Penn-
sylvania had announced his intention of |
going to Pittsburg at once and begin
criminal proceedings against every per-
son believed to have had a part in the
Seven warrants already had

operations,

been issued in Pittsburg, and J. D
O'Neil, the Pennsylvania Insurance
Commissioner, said that al! the men

suspected of participation were under,
surveillance either in that city or New |
York.

The Attorney-General’s announcement
was made at the close of a conference
with insurance authorities at which a
number of life companies were repre-
sented. Plans for the protection of policy-
holders of the Pittsburg Life either by
the rehabilitation of the company or}
reinsurance in other associations were |
discussed, but a final decision was not,

maintaimed: ay in belise artillery fire, | reached. Another meeting is to be held}

exploded mines and threw bombs | jin Pittsburg Monday.

against our trenches. Supreme Court Justice Brianger |
In the region of Kaparovze the |granted yesterday an attachment

énemy exploded a mine between his
and our wire entanglements. our
trenches were undamaged.

Northeast of Slaventin the enemy's

mine saps were destroyed by the ex- |The attachment was granted on the}

plosion of one of our mines. ground that Birdseye is a non-
Rumanian Front—In the region of | fr was alleged that the capital stock

Violoshkani, twenty miles northwest jof the company had been impaired

of Focsani, our guerillas, supported | rendered insolvent by reason of Birds-

by infantry scouts, cut through the Jeye's “having fraudulently and unlaw- |

netework of wire entanglements and | fully abstracted that amount from the | ©

pursued the Germans as far as Wali-

man. Approaching German reserves | converted it to his own use and that of r

tried to surround our guerillas, but | other persons.” The attachment was | Old Guard organization tried to beat

the latter, forcing their way at the levied against funds on deposit with | Frederick C. Tanner, Gov. Whitman's

point of the bayonet, returned to their }a local trust company. Sullivan & | choice for reelection.

trenches. Cromwell, 49 Wall street, are attor- | Forty-eight of the 60 Senators were in! *
neys for the company. the chamber when the amendment was,

 

ITALIANS SHELLING ENEMY.

Rome Reports Austrians Are Using
Gan Bombs,
May 4.—The Italian

 

LONDON,

In the Trentino the artillery was
particularly active on Monte Pasubio
and in the Astico and Travignolo val-
leys. At some places the enemy used
gas shells. \

On the Julian front there was the
usual activity by artillery, patrols and
aircraft. Last night a squadron of
our machines bombed a railway centre
near Sesana. Hostile aircraft dropped
bombs on Fogliana and San Grado,
causing damage,

The Austrian offictal etness dealing
with the Italian front says:

There have been the ‘wala artillery
and mine throwing engagements over
the whole front. An enemy gas attack
near Gorizia failed.

Our airmen yesterday shot down
three enemy airplanes over the Carso
highlands and another near the Plezzo
basin. Our naval airplanes Wednes-
day bombed @ pumping station near
Goritz and renewed their attacks on
military establishments at Villa Vi-
centia and Aviona with visible suc-
cess. A great fire, accompanied by
explosions, broke out at Aviona.

MORE WAR R EXPERTS ARRIVE.

 

War
Conypany New ;
Office issued to-day the following report:|-ritie and Trust Company,

against property in this State of Clar-

ence F. Birdseye in favor of the Pitts-
burg Life and Trust Company, in pro-
ceedings brought to recover $1,9

assets and funds of the company and |

 

Injunctions Alwo Granted,

 

Justice Erlanger also granted injunc-
tions restricting Clarence F, ereaer es
Kellogz Birdseye, his son; George 4

° \
Commercial

York

Montgomery, the
of New the Lawyers
Martin W.
Littleton, John Crawford and the Dare
Lumber Company from disposing of any
assets or claims now or formerly due the
Pittsburg Life and Trust Company, The
application was made in behalf of Attor-
ney-General Brown of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Littleton is counsel for Birdseye.
Montgomery's statement to the Dis-
trict Attorney and the Insurance Super-
intendent was made also in the presence
of his own lawyer, Herbert’ Noble, As-
sistant District Attorney Alfred J. Tal-
ley and Leroy A. Line oln, counsel to the
State Insurance Departinent.
at length the

Mont gomery reviewed

negotiations attending his purchase of ¥

the Dare Lumber Company and the Kast | provi
Lake. Lumber Company for $1,000 000,

7

Clarence F
is understood to have said,

. Birdseye was a witness, he
to his ob-!

and told him he would negottate the |
transaction through a life insurance com-
pany.
ability to complete the deal w
particular concern.

The purchase of an office building was
then suggested, according to Mont-
gomery’s recital, the building to be used
buying bonds of the lumber com-
On March 26, Montgomery said,

ith that

in
panies.

thirteen shares of stock in the Dare

ences, company were transferred to him that

French Aviators and English Labor jhe might qualify as & director, On the
a following day the dummy directors 0

Leaders Reach This Port. the bee company, at a meating in the
Major Tulsatle and Lieuf, de bine of thie Biraaerees, authorised the

* transfer of 000, o ret mortgage

Grange, dviators of the French army honda of the company Montgomery
| was elected president of the concern,

|nort to join the French War Commis-} The bonds were placed in escrow at
sion here, will confer with American {the Commercial Trust Company's Offices
aviation rata on air fighting and March 28, and three days later in these

thera because the tuxedo class might see} give the Americans the benefit oftheir

the tinished product.

me tell some of you preachers and
ehurel deacons that if there wasn’t more |
handshaking and back slapping in a

faloon than in your churches the saioon
Wouldn't have any more boys than some |
©f sour churches have.”

And right now let} experience at the front.

Charles W. Bowerman and J. UU.

Thomas,
British Parliament, and H,. W.
| representing the Labor party in the
Bureau of Munitions, also arrived to
| confer with officials of the American

Garrod,

lay up something for the rainy day, 4 Federation of Labor and to tell Ameri-
Billy advised, cocking his ear in playful {ean workingmen how the workingmen
fashion and listening to the patter of|of England have helped to keep the
the rain on the great star roof of the| armies on the various fronts supplied
tabernacle, “L belteve the devil will] with shells, ‘The party will go to Wash-

Work harder to get a young man in debt

than he will to get an old sinner to}
blow a sufe,
“And lay up something in Christianity, |

too, That's the inost iinportant of
Chere never was @ time when you'll need |
oe strengthening help of Christ as you

Nl these stirring days when you may

ington and tell the Federal officials all
they know about speeding up Munition
{ supplies.

Mrs. who has been

Hilda Wynne,

ail, | working more than a year in Russian

| hospitals, said that the world need not
| tour about Russia making a separate
| peace with Germany. Russia would be

fi 4 yourself called to the training camps | stanch and true to democratic ideals,

And woon to the firing line,

You that
Wonderful

is the
can

Christ's message
lesson that life

most
teach

The Afternoon Service.

n the afternoon Billy talked to 4,000
on “Sin, the Secret of Failure,”
faking his text from Jeremith v., 3B:
1 our iniquities have turned away those
'Nings and your sins have withholden
00d things from you.”
_ At the beginning of the service Col,
Kenton of Boston, head of the Ancient
'd Honorable Artillery company and
former candidate for Governor, spoke
riefly of the lasting work that the evan-
selist had done for Boston, “Two-thirds
of the people of Boston and more than
half the church folk were opposed to

 

 

 

I want to! Mrs. Wynne said.
helo vou boys and girls, and let me tell |

| srx STATES LEAD NEW YORK.
| Regular army Recraits Total

48,326 Since April 1.
WASHINGTON, May 4.—Six States were
uhead of New York yesterday in ro-

cruiting for the regular army, according
to the figures given out at tho War De-!
partment to-day. They were Illinois, |
440; Pennsylvania, 298; Indiana, 239;
Missouri, 184; Texas, 167, and Micht-
gan, 156. New York, accepted 154 re-
cruits,

Total acceptances for the day were
2,786, which is above the average that
has prevailed for several weeks. The
acceptances since April 1 are 48,326,

Laborites and members of the |

 

j offices: $1,100,000 was paid to Montgoin-
ery,

the Mast Lake Company and $33
the Dare Company.

3,000 to

twhie
said to have spent $10,000 and deposited
the remaining $91,000 in his wife’a name.
Payment on this has been stopped.

Justice Mrlanger recalled yesterday
the court proceedings which followed the
merger of the Pittsburg Life and Trust
and the Washington Life Insurance
Company on December 50, 1908, KK any
in 1909 William Hepburn Russell,
policy holder of the Washington
made application before Justice Fr-
langer for the appointment of a re-
ceiver for the Pittsburg Life and an in-}
junction restraining t
removing the assets of the Washington |
Life from this State,

The Washington Life was eald to be
| doing a business of $60,000,000 a year,
‘while the Pittsburg concern had a bus!-
ness of $27,000,000. The Pittsburg com-
| pany gained possession of nll but forty-
! seven of the Washington Life's shares of |
i stock, however, and took possession of
tal! the assets, even to the office furni-
ture.

Russe}! based his application on the
| ground that this transfer was unfair to
the Washington's policy holders be-
eause the insurance laws of. Pennsy!-
vania were less liberal than those of
|New York, Justice Erlanger granted the
petition, but in a supplemental opinion
rendered a brief time after said a re-
ceivership would be unnecessary because
as a result of the injunction all the
assets had been brought back to New
York. The then Superintendent of In-
surance, Hotchkiss, had advised him that
theee were in his possession,

 

 

 

 

 

 

Later Birdseye reported his in-|

defection of the very
ty

men he had de-

vended most upon for support. The de-

ciding vote was cast by Senator George

F.
chanipion of the Governor's cause

cause of his close alliance with George
WwW.

€

‘the Republican party in the Senate.
chooses to be the leader of the Democrats

publicans who are opposed to the Goy-
ernor.

feat of local option.

Republicans, aided by the refusal of Sen-
jators Argetsinger,
Wicks to support the Governor, is re-
sponsible for the result.
perfectly well the bill cannot pass the
Assembly with these amendments in it.

option
traffic.

Argetsinger of Monroe, supposed

be- }

Aldridge, Monroe's leader and one
¢ the Governor's closest advisers. Upon
carning of the defeat of the bill the
dovernor sald:

“This vote: demonstrates conclusively
‘hat Elon R. Brown {s not the leader of
He

|

, alliance with a little group of Re-

Attempt to Kill Local Option.

“It simply means the temporary de-
Mr. Brown, at the
head of fourteen Democrats and eleven

Slater, Walters and

They know

It is a deliberate attempt to kill local
in the interests of the liquor
The fight has just begun.”

The Governor's fast sentence is inter-
preted to mean that unless the Senate
changes front in its attitude toward

local option for cities, there will be a|

special session Of the Legislature to.

consider the question.

70,000. | Cabinet
resident, | chester, where William L.. Ward is boss ;
| Senator J. Henry Walters of Onondaga,
and | Where Francis Hendricks is boss, and
from the Governor's ranks was Senator

Barnes candidate

adopted by a vote of
members present but not voting. Those

Cromwell,

Senate representatives of every one |

tof the three members of the Governor's |

failed to support him.
‘vere Senator George F.

They
Slater of West-

Senator Argetsinger. Another defection

harles W, Wicks of Oneida, once the
for chairman of the}
committee when the |

Republican State

25

25 to 21, with two}
who supported the amendment were: |
Senators Argetsinger, E. R. Brown, |

Emerson, Lawson, Lockwood, |

Mills, Newton, Ottinger, pase and Wicks, |

Trust Republicarte; Boylan,

Carroll, Cotillo, |
Cullen, Daly, Dowling, Downing, Dun-!
nigan, Foley, Hefferan, Koenig, Rams-

who in turn transferred $666,900 to;

perger, Wagner and Walker, Democrats

Those opposed were:

A. FP. Brown, Burlingame,
Gibbs, Gilchrist, Graves,
Hewitt, Hill, Knight, Mullan,
Robinson, Stivers, G. F. Thompson, 6.
L. Thompson, Towner, Walton, Well-|
ington, Whitney and Yelverton, Repubii-
cans.

Senators Marshall, Republican, and
Sheridan, Democrat, were absent, and
two Republicans, Slater and Walters, |
were present but did not vote.

As reported from the committee of the
hole the bill

Carson,
Halliday,
Murphy,

York city,
city would come under the provisions of |

the law and the second, a year later, to laawerts which cheered Marshal Joffre

taining of the options for the purchase } decide on the question of licensing the | and M. Vivianl throughout the day, and |
Senator Hill said |

this amendment had been accepted by } Marne with a shrill “V
the friends of the Dill and for that rea- | hero of the arn M

traffic in intoxicants,

son he assisted in defeating a proposed
amendment by Senator Argetsinger to
place New York in the same category
with other cities.
The Argetsinger
beaten, 34 to 14.

amendment

Fears Raines Law Hotels,

In advocating adoption of the “bone
dry’ amendment Majority Leader Brown
maintained that under the law every
city was entitled to one liquor license
to every 500 inhabitants, and that if the
saloon proposition should be defeated
and the voters ehould favor hote!
licenses a hotel would spring up for
every cancelled saloon license.

“It would mean a revival of Raines
law hotels beyond {magination,” he said.

Senators Ogden L,

‘and Henry M. Sage of Albany also spoke

h remained to him as his own he is}

|

| home counties had its final effect.

T, tte, } wood, went

\

hat company from | | his t

|

Of the $101,000 sa the bill.

he battle over local option waged al!
aig rh

Mills of New York |

ing a French flag in one hand and an
American flag in the other.
French, waving first one flag and then
the other, finally entwining the two ban-
ners. His words were few, and the audi-
tors, few of whom understood French,
cheered
stenographers could not record all he
said, brief as it was.

I am proud to have in my
American flag, which is to the American
people what the French flag is to {he
people of France,

and Cure,”
God."

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CHURCHES -
The eubject of the lesson-sermon in. the
Christian Science churches will be “Fiver
lasting tal that hg and jhe golden tes
(Proverbs, 11:21), “Though hand jotn ‘n
hand the wicked shal! not ba unpunished,
but the seed of the righteous shall be de-
livered.”

UNIVERSALIST CHURCH, Cedar Rap-
fda, Towa-—The Rev. Joseph Fort Newton.
minister of the Universalist Church at
Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has been elected par-
tor of the City Temple, London, England,
a@ great church made famous by the pas
pereees of Joseph Parker and R. J. Camp-

é))

FIRST CHURCH OF DIVINE SCIENCE
—Under the auspices of the First Chureh

Interstate Coal Company, which was In the evening,

placed into fhe hands of a receiver shortly |
after the bonds were executed. These
bonds were underwritten in the summer
of 1915, one of which was signed by Ed-

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

and sutety lines, was reinsured {n sol-
vent and responsible corporations.

“On December 6, 1916, the compafy
ceased writing all lines of business, in-
cluding fidelity and surety, and since
ward 1. Hearn, then vice-president of! that time its ectivities have been con-
the company. ‘fined to the Hquidation of its business

How the bonds were executed and the under the direct charge of its own of-
detalls regarding them are still a MYS5-) ficers,
tery to the majority of the directors,| “Tt'nder the circumstances which have
according to Lyman A. Spalding, chair-| arisen we believe that In taking over
man of the board. Under ordinary clr-| this company we have acted in the best
cumstances a risk of this kind would not! jnterests of its policyholders, its cred-
be undertaken by an experienced in | and the public.

He spoke in

so vociferously that even the

Proud to Hold American Flag.

“My friends,
hand the

Gen, Joffre said in part:

surance mean, according to Spalding. In “A statement will be prepared as soon

addition to these the company has also ; as possible showing the financial condi-

a symbol of liberty. 1! cufrered numerous small losses. |

{ uy
hold in’ my other hand the flag of ion at the time this department was} of pivine Sclence, New York city, a course
Francs, whe has given of her best, fer put in possession of the affairs of this | of jentures, Will be given by the Rev. W.
stanchest and her bravest, and which company. The present indications are| John Murray at his residence, 113 West

also stands for liberty.
to carry the French flag on the field of
battle, and I am glad to join the flag of
many battles with the flag that has never
known defeat.

 
  
 
    
   
  

Eighty-seventh street, on the healing as-
pects of divine science, These lectures are
given on Monday, Wednesday and Friday
beginning Monday, May The course
consists of twelve lectures,

ALL SOULS CHURCH—The Rev.
fam Laurence Sullivan will preach.

that the policyholders will be paid in
full, a great real depending upon the
careful working out of the non-liquid
assets in such a way that full values
can be realized thereon.

It is said yesterday by officers of the

I had the honor; he underwriting of the bonds of the

Susquehanna Coal Company Was done !
while Edwin W. De Leon was president
His resignation, how-

and

of the company. Will-

Hearn Took De Leon's Place. |
{
|
i Sulh-

With this flag I bring to] over, followed shortly after this,

  

you the salute of the French army to t, “The Spiritual Principle of a Libera

the American people, our stanch ally in cach ee eine pie os ier | Seeman that !f time was given to Iiqui- oN ant ne Spiritual Prine ple

the common cause. yer of eleven months, resigning IAst | creditors could be assets probably all] wre pND PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
"As he joined the two flags of red,| Rene DELO OY. ' x Sisdaee* could be paid off and stock-| amsterdam avenuo at 105th street

white and blue with the closing words November, Since that rE ed B. holders would eceive par on their] ‘Mothers’ Day’ wil be observed to-mor

the whole assembly mounted the seats pany has had no president r |shares. The company has a large|row. Dr. Keigwin, the pastor, will preach

and cheered.

which preceded the mass meeting M.
Vv iviani said:
brothers ;
| side

{ with

under
fight for the democracy
and show our men that when the rights
of a single nation are violated the rights |
jot all nations are

caught the popular fancy during the trip
| about the city.
feverywhere.

    
  
  
   
 
 
   
  

at both services. Special exercises in the
evening. Subject, “My Mother's Bible.”

ST. ANDREW'S METHODIST CHURCH
West Seventy-sixth street and Columbus
av—Dr, Allan MacRossie will preach a
11 and 8.

ST. PAUL'S METHODIET CHURCH
West End avenue at Eighty-sixth street
At the morning service the recep. fon of
new members. Holy communion and a
sermon by Dr. Goodeli, Evening topic, Ie
There a Hell?”

MADISON AVENUE
Sixtieth street—The Rev.
will have as his theme on Sunday morning
“War and Immortality.” At the evening
service the Rey. Frank T. Cartwright of
Milwaukee will preach on “The Skyward
Look.”

CHURCH OF ZION AND ST. TIMOTHY

Lioyd, vice-president, acting as its head. | amount of assets that cannot be liqui-
The company ceased writing all lines |

| dated to the advantage of creditors and
of insurance last December, when it WaS} stockholders immediately. It has an
found that slow liquidation was the only | equity of about $400,000 in its build-
way to conserve its assets. Its career, | ing at 68 William street, and under a
however, has been more or less check- | forced sale under present conditions it
ered since 1908, when the company, UNn-) was sald that practically nothing could
der fire of public opinion, was examined) be realized from that for the com-
by the Insurance Department, but was | pany.
found to be solvent. In December, 1916, According to the last stockholders’
owing to losses, the company called on/| lst {ssued by the company, the largest
' stockholders for a payment of $186,000; / block of stock is still in the hands of
in January, 1916, for $450,000, and in} former President Hearn. Richard
December of the same year for $375,000. | Croker, Jr., son of the former Tam-
In explanation of the action taken | many chief, is also listed as a large
yesterday the State Tnsurance Superin- stockholder,
tendent issued the following statement:

briefly

 

In speaking at a banquet
American
side by

brothers,

“Come to us,
come and fight
your French
allied brothers. Come

glorious banner to
of the world,

1
with
your
your
CHURCH. corner

R. W. Sockma
trampled under foot. \

“Wonderful!” It was Joffre who
He was cheered wildly
He was dressed in his sef-

 

  
 

 

   

 

 

ivice uniform and rode through miles of “A i ey a West Fifty-seventh stree:—The Rev, Henr
| “On May 53, 1917, the board of di- . '
| ad streets with hand almost con- C Ra : Imbeck, D. C. L. Holy communion, %
een’ waleen at salute in return for rectors of the Casualty Company of GILLENDER WILL IS UPHELD. ‘A. M. Morning prayer, 10:20 A. M. Hol
rues Tr leepost | America unanimously passed a resolu-! communion (rector), 11 A. M. Organ ani
Saree wi . is cous itr sai me tion requesting the Superintendent of | Sr oe harp recital, 7:20 ?, M, Evensong (Mr
ritnessed cam: . ' i . ah
Haas te ae ye onter Aaeriae » | Insurance to make application to the) Missionary Society Gets Bulk of | Burgess). 8 P- M.
| ree f ee rts for orders necessary to place him | . ’ spi eee
or the children never see to rec og- ad seas Ee itis RAGALD AE AAA aaanst Woman's $1,000,000 Estate. RELIGIOUS ADV ERTISEMENTS.
ize “Papa” . sight, nor he t ' (PPAR DPD a Aneapint d
eaieh th er gr Aiiegi ore ‘| erty of the company. The principal rea- The bulk of the $1,000,000 estate left by BAPTIST.
TR Pen ree a onc terete eet irels kc eps atir Arab yt Ponte eda tro will go to the Mis-| “FIFTH AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH,
Viviani Vice-Admira] Cocheprat and! © ompany may be briefly stated as fol-! sionary Society of St. Paul the Apostle, eos 1 pO Le ne so ah ’
* at . } ev. re u Kin a
Lieut, Fabry, rhe latter known as the}! ACh April 26, 1917, the Susquehanna |“ she desired fn her will. Surrogate Co-| Rev. EB. Herbert Dutton, jatiniat
"Blue Devil of France,” shared gener- Seat ee . | } 7 ee Mr, Dutton will preach at 1! and at
ousiy in the crowds’ applause. Accom- Coal Company recovered a judgment | halan upheld the instrument yesterday At Young People’s mesting no evens
panying them as the Government's rep-| against the Casualty Company of | when he decided not to let the jury pass| service. Sunday School, 9:50, Bible Classes,
resentative was Breckenridge Long, the ‘America in the sum of $198,277.07 and, upon the contest, which was brought by ey Be “1 of 500” at Young Men's Clise,
Third Assistant Secretary of State, and sterest at the rate of $31.13 a day| relatives led by George Hyatt Robinson, i an
Lieut.-Col. Spencer Cosby, former Ate ee. Lape February 20, 1916. This action] who received bequests aggregating only __ CHRISTIAN SCIE
‘jean attache at the Paris Embassy, who | Was brought “ recover the sum of 8186,- | Be + aaanand ; : Bervices are held in the following
attended Marsha] Joffre and Vice- aA g22.49 with interest’ upon two bonds) semacies oO : 00, each to Johns Ch
miral Cocheprat, and Tieutenant-Com- | dated respectively April 14, 1915, and| Hopkins University and the Charity Or- ristian cience urc es
5 fait q S > a ia
mander Allen Buchanan of the navy. June 14, 1915, given to secure the pay-/ ganization Society, as well as a bequest} gundaysi1 A.M @&P.M. WednesdayasP M.

of $50,000 to the Metropolitan Museum
of Art, will also hold good under this
decision. Her relatives endeavored to

ment for coal delivered by the Susque- |
hanna Coal Company to the Interstate!
Coal Company. The judgment was en-

Biret Church, Central Park Weet & 96th St.
Becond Church, Central Park W. & 68th St.
Third Church, 136th St. & Madison Ave.
Fourth Church, Ft Washington Av.& 178 St.

Trip Will Cever 3,200 Miley.
The party comprised thirteen members,

; p 27, 1917, and stay of execu-| Show that Miss Gillender, who was ori- y

1 all tion on a trip which | tered April 27, 1917, ant ved: wi Bitth Church, Aeolian Concert Hail, $4 SV. 43.

| Sil nave oF ne pen. 3,200 mi ies by tion expires May 7, 1917 | ginally Eptscopalian, was incompetent, | @isth Church. 1931 Washington Av.. Bronr,
hy but the executors called a number of; pro: eae eae

de a double referendum for New |
overhung with the tricolor of France,
one to determine whether the | the Stars and Stripes and British flags.

 

ss | BALFOUR TELLS OF TRISH AID. |

'

Pressure was brought to bear on |

Senators Walters, Wicks and Slater to)
\inake them see the thing as the Goy-

their

F.
J. HW. Kracke, the Kings county leader
and close friend of Gov. Whitman, was
in Albany, but tha votes of the two Sena-
tors credited to him, Lawson and Taock-
to Senator Brown for the
amendment, Samuel Koenig, the New
York county leader, was filtting about

ernor wished. Influence from

| the Senate lobby too and the votes of |

wo Senators, Ogden 1. Mills &’nd
Albert Ottinger, went to Brown.

Excitement was created when Senator
Ross Y. Graves (Republican) of Erie,
who had
shifted to the negative, making it one
short of adoption. He explained that
ihe had voted in error,

Argetsinger, who had been counted a
sure vote for the Governor’a side and
was suposed to be leading the Govern-
or’s forces, then bolted. There was a)

great buzzing of excitement and mF

Lieut.-Gov. Schoeneck declared
amendment adopted,

 

 

St. Andrew's 75 Yeare Old.

The diamond jubilee of old St.
drew's Church, City Hall place
Duane street, and known far and wide

An-

the time they return
‘They arrived at noon on the Government
special train.

to Washington PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL.

Church. of Zion & St. Timothy

witnesses who testified that she had

Money Is Tied Up.
7 aUp seemed normal for three years up to the

The half day that fol-|

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 

(Rector):

15038 Mel livaine
VRESBYTERIAN,

FIFTH AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH

 

led t} atriotic out- “The assets of the Casualty Company | me of her death S54 West Sith Street.
lowed was crowded with D « fave largely non-liquid and could not On motion of Edward J. MeGutre, at- Rector—Rev. on NRY LUBECh, D. ¢. I
bursts, beginning with a ride from the; — inenasietae cis io Holy Communion....... ROO AM
was amended so as to! h hd anyoned city streets readiiv be turned into money for the) 'ornes or t proponents, Surrogate! yorning Prayer.... Ve tessiltieks
j train through deep can ety purpose of procuring an undertaking to Cohalan decided that the preponder-| Hoy Communion (Rector). ..... 11 an a M
stay execution upon appeal and to pay a of evidence showed the testatrix OrKan and iar Fi y 30 r ¥
her claims which are now or which ‘Was of sound mind and dismissed the vensong tall Bi. s
‘ the | :
Women, equally with men, formed the] Jo. anout to become payable. Unless the ¢as¢ | St. Chomas’ $ Church
- WTI AVE. AND 53D 5T
Nev t isl) M. STIRES
children not infrequently saluted the | [n A x io oe SRMnRien Do
ive | rT 111, Morning Service and Sermon (Reeto
whieh brought always 4 | ! 4. Evensong and Address (Rector)
smile anda salute from the great, GRACE CHURCH, Broadway and 10th st,
French soldier, Rev. Charles Lewia Slattery, D. D., Beers
| R: 1? & (Rev. Dr

Special---Today

 

 

t Fifth Ave. and Fiftys-fifth St.
| Saye England “WAIL Agree to sais | REV. J. H. JOWETT, D.D., Pastor
tion Ireland Selects. 9 pany JAMLS PALMER, Th, D, Associate
WasHINGToN, May 4.-—Mr. Balfour en S ] (OW and ptenviges at 11 A af. and 6:30 P.M.
received to-day a deputation of Trish | servico and in the afternoon the Sacrament
Americans, who laid their views before lof the Lord's Supper will be observed
him and called attention to the favor- e | Pg ee apie Claas at 10 A.M ere
able impression that a solution of the l oes Wednesday at 8:15 I, M, will be conducte
Irish stiuation would have In this bye Dr. Palmer
coyntry. ae raat a PoeM the Re br
* 9 elman , tdinburgh will address 4
Mr. Balfour said that while he had Formerly $8.00 and $10.00 sing in the Church: Subsect:--"dife
no power to speak for the Government 5 and Death tn the Trenches in France.’ Dr.
he could say that everything possible | Tawett will preside

 

THE BRICK CHURCH

Tifth Avenue | and Thirts-seveuth Street.
atinister Villiam Pierson Merrill.
Mintsters: {Frank Latimer Janeway

|
|
was being done to Dring the Ulster, Red- '
mond and Sein Fein elements together, 8
s

and that the British Parliament stood
ready to agree to any solution that the

 

——$—— 4a

Irish themaelves found acceptable, He On MERRION ee ee Es
promised to report the meeting fully to | Included are many bench made Oxfords and Sacrament of the Lord's Supper wil be od-
his Government, : : aetvaa.

—— Boots. Various leathers. Sizes incomplete. | ec ory KELMAN of #dinburgn

 

$< ———~ t
| SOON DAY Y SERVICE dall? at 13:80

PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,

CENTRAL "3inait Aves und sith st.

Rev. Wilton Merle-Smith, D. D., Pastor.
Rev. HUGH BLACK preaches 11 ang 4.39,
'\tusie 11 A.M., Duet from Verdi's" mm

~ CORNELL UNIVERSITY |
STATE SCHOLARSHIPS

Men’s Oxfords

Education
1910

Notices pursuant to the
1909, ch, 21 as amended I,

Law |

il. oh |

 

   

140), section 1087, ‘ y
A competitive examination of candidates | Madain Sterling, 1 SOREDNO) Madar "
for the State echolarshipe tn Cornell U : : aritone :

versity, falling to the county of New Ve ° Le sinh yy Andres Sar LH Raritone
(will be held at the Do Witt Clinton HI Bee . Sune or ins 8 Organized Bible

voted for the amendment, |
‘age an

  

Sehool, 10th Avenue and 58th Street,

|

4

h|

ough of Munhattan, The City of New * york, | PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Broadway at 73d St

eae
| RUTGERS Rev.DANIEL RU SsELLD.D.
|

Saturdey, June 2, 1917, commencing at 9
a.

Smart Spring Styles, English last.
In Black or Cherry Tan Cordovan.

Candidates must be at least 16 years of,
of six months’ standing in the}
commort schools or academies of the State
during the year immediately preceding this
esamination, and legal residents of this!
State. ‘

No person should enter the examination |

11A.M.—‘3JESUS: PACIFIST?”
_ APM —Special Musdcal Se Service, —

SPIRITUALISM.

a wsye HOLOGICAL RESE ARCH soc.)
Meetuigs Sur Mon,, Thurs

 

 

Sith Bt

Boys’ Boots and Oxfords

 

| unlens PFOPAVEG 30 BO0eRs a scholarship, | 1, Wed, reoM Heraward Carring
1 d on dec ton, sum, 8 yPoM. Our en. } al
; ne examination ait be Upan FE:nglish, \ Reduced from $3.50 and $4.00. Broken i Psy aiat each meeting Sper  Faanema aie
history (ancien neglis merican), plane | '§ . and pat, RP. kh t
| geometry, algebra and any two (at ihe op- sizes, in a variety of leathers...... $2.45 apace PUP, O88 Baty By eae

the | tion of the candidate)

of the following:

  

| OTHER SERVICES.

   

 

Greek, Testing axes h, German, savanend |

mathematics As an alternate for ad-

i vanced mathematics, physics or chemistry 2 ; = 44th St. @
;may be offered. The paper on American Direct Entrance Ground Floor 38th Street GOSPEL TABERNACLE CHURCH Av. »
ihistory will include civil government tev, AW PSon, Pastor: iid A.M,
| Papers in the aix required subjects must bo preaching by the Pastor, § 1. af, preach

and | gubmitted.

   

   

ing by Rev. FE. BR. Fiteh

TTS

    
      
   
       

There will be as many candidates ap-

Lord & Taylor

as the ‘printers’ and  nightworkers’: pointed yf a ae there are PATENTS,
” a | assem nis county an Pe Pall PP AOL IOP PALA
church,” will be celebrated to-morrow, | S5a0mbly Gintime ‘entitled to the acholar. | i RATPNTS, Trade marks, Copyrights; protect
was ed seventy-five ships in the order of their merit PIFTH AVENUE | your ideas, four valuable books with list inven:
years ago, when the site waa purchased ated at The City of ves York, this tions wanted eent free. Phone—Barclay 73%
from the Universaliste, who bullt tho| third day of May, i017.) WM. H. MAX- RICHARD B. OWEN, Patent Tawyer, smd
pgriniendent of Schools,

structure in 1817,

WRIA. City
The City of New I

floor, or 169 Owen Bldg,

    

Woolworth Bidg,
waste Bis