VOL. LXXII.—NO, 177.

 

cSPECT MURDER AND ARSON

FOoMAN DEAD IN BURNED HOUSE; |

COACH MAN MISSING,

 

Folded Portiere Found Covering the Vie-
tin's Head—Rings and Jewelry She
Usually Wore Are Gone— Man Suspected
Was Hired Lately—-Name Is Unknown,

The finding of the charred body of Mrs.

Fennah B. Ross, a well to do widow, 64 |

years old, in the ruins of her home, which
was destroyed by fire along with three
other houses in High street, Montclair,
carly yesterday morning, has led the
police of that place to send out an alarm
for the arrest of a man who was emplored
by the widow as coachman and who has
not been seen since the fire.

The man was engaged by Mra. Ross on
Gaturday Inst and not even his name is
known. He was seen to enter the house
at t c'clock on Wednesday evening. The
fre was discovered at about 3:30 the next
morning. When no trace could be found
of either the woman or the coachman it
was supposed that both had perished in
the fames. The closest search of the ruins,
however. failed to disclose any trace of
the man's body.

The boty of the woman was found yes-
terday noon in a corner of the basement,
resting on a set of bed springs, on which
the mattress had been almost completely
destroyed. The woman was lying on her
side, with ber right hand under her head.
Over her head—and this is one of the cir-
cimstances that has aroused the sus-
picions of the police, and set them looking
for the strange ooachman—was a_ thick
portiére, folded neatly four times.

The edges of the portiére appeared to
have been tucked in around the head and
pressed down. In fact, so tightly was the
cloth pressed against the woman's face
that it contained a well formed impres-
sion of her face. It had been made
soft and shapeless by the fire, but was
burned only around the edges on the under
side of the body. Some of the brass rings
by which the curtain was hung were still
in it. Near the head also was a piece of lace
ourtain,and this looked as though it hadn't
come beside the body through chanoe.

Enough clothing remained on the body
to show conclusively that the woman had

not retired Yor the night. Both legs were |

burned off at the knees and the left arm
was also gone.

Mrs. Rosas is known to have had a good
many jewels, most of which were old-fash-
ioned and quite valuable. She wore sey-

eral diamond rings, it is said, on her left |

hand. The closest search was made by the
police in the ruins, but no trace of them
could be found, although they did find the
remains of the hand. There were two
mngs on the right band, but it was con-

cealed under the head. No trace could be |
| blue from his wrist to his elbow and he com-

found elther of the old fashioned, heavy
earrings which the woman was known to

have worn, or of a large gold watch which |
| the building by the policeman

she carried ;
The coachman who {a missing was en-

giged by Mrs. Ross Saturday jast. She |

jad the reputation in Montolair of being
eccentric and irascible and was always
having trouble with her servants. She
used to tell her neighbors about these quar-
rela and how bard it was for her to keep
servants. Richard Christian and his wife,
colored, of 113 Mechanio street, Newark,
worked for her longer than anybody else
in the memory of Montclair folks, and it
was Christian's decision to leave which led
tle old woman to advertise for a coachman
in a Newark paper.

On Saturday afternoon a Newark lawyer, |

Edward S. Black, was with Mrs. Ross at
her home consulting with her regarding

the drawing of her will when three men, |
each less than 80 years old, approached |

the house together. They had come, they
( . answer to theadvertisement. Mrs.
Ross was about to sign the will when they
arrived and invited one of them in to
art asa witness. ! She got the wife of a
relghbor to be another witness. Lawyer
Black leit as soon as the document was
tigned and does not know whether the
man who signed it was the one that was
hired ornot. At any rate, one of the three
ten got the job

Thé Montclair police refused last night
to make public the name of the man whose
fignature was on the document, but they
say that he gave a Newark address and
that investigation has shown that no man
of that name ever lived there.

Mrs. Ross’s new coachman was short and
Stocky, with pronounced Irish features,

brown hair and dark blue eyes. He had, |

it is said, the look of a pugilist. He began
work at the Ross house on Saturday night.
The negro and his wife who had been
employed by the widow were not to leave
until Monday, and the stranger, who told
his predecessor that he was known as
Bob, was lodged temporarily in the widow's
“bird room" on the second floor.

This bird room, which adjoined the
‘widow's bedroom, was a rather notable
feature of a somewhat peculiar house. In
it Mrs. Ross kept several parrots and a
‘args number of canaries, squirrels and
Other pets In it also was an oil stove,
but this, it is said, was lighted only on the
Coldest nights, and the temperature on
Wednesday night was fairly moderate.
Those who arrived on the scene first say
that the fire could not have started from it.

The new coachman, it is said, continued
to occupy the “aviary” as a sleeping apart-
ment after the old coachman and his wife
left. He did not associate with any of the
other workingmen and was seldom seen
downtown except as he was sent on errands
by the old woman. About noon on
Wednesday, according to the story which
one of the Montclair postmen tell the police,
the coachman was quarrelling with Mrs.
Ross in the house.

The postman said that he heard their
voices when he approached the door, but
be did not think anything of that, because
be knew that Mrs. Ross often had words
with her servants. A few minutes later
be saw the coachman leaving the house.
The next seen of him by neighbors, and 60
far as is known the lust, was when he re-
turned about 6 o'clock in the evening.
Mrs. Ross was seen by a neighbor about
¥ o'v ock Wednesday evening, but not to
talk to

fo Mrs. James I. Peck, the wornan who
eae das a witness for the will, Mrs. Ross
‘ad said only a day or two ago that she was
Roing to discharge the new man, as she
tho he had a bad face and was in-
» be afraid of him.

Tue firs was discovered by Mra. Walter
Edwards, who lives almost directly across

road from the Ross house. She no-
erences i *
eC BABIES ON FIRE .
ne ae burning, scaly humors speedily cured
i. ura Soap, assisted by Culicura Olniment.

A

ight
Clinad ¢

 

 

SSNS

 

an ambulance,
| itarrived.

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tloed the reflection of the light from tbe
windows on the second floor of the widow's
house. At that time the fire was burning
in Mrs. Roas’s bedroom, and it is the opinion
| of those who arrived on the ecene first
i that it started there.
| Netghbors broke in the doora and made
an effort to reach the second floor, but |
the flames blocked them. It was known
that Mrs. Ross was alone in the house with
the coachman, but no effort was made to
find him in the burning building, When
the firemen arrived they found a broken
| main had deprived them of water, and all
they could do was to stand around with
thoir hands in their pockets and watch the
Ross house and the three others go up in

amoke and flame.

Mra. Ross was the widow of Theodore

C. Roas, who was once secretary of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows.
He was asphyxiated in his home in East

Orange two years ago by accident. Mrs.

Ross was known generally in Montclair

as a woman of comfortable means. She
owned the house in which she lived, and it
is said to have been furnished with many

valuable antiques
Mrs. Ross was in ill health and almoat

acripple from an injured hip. Her brother,
M. B. Wallace, is a well known resident of

Fast Orange, living at 53Grovestreet. He |
| appealed to a Central Office man Ne
i

said yesterday that his sister had as much
as $200 or $300 in the house often. She sold

property in Baltimore recently, it was |
said, for about $2,000, but her brother says

hethinks she deposited this money ina trust
company. Mrs. Rossis known to have drawn
$50 from a bank Saturday last. Lawyer
Black refused to discloses the contents of
the will except to Chief of Police Gallagher
of Montclair and County Prosecutor Young
of Newark.

Chief Gallagher said last night that he

believed he had a clue which would lead
to the arrest of the coachman to-day, but
he refused to express any definite opinion
regarding the case. An autopsy will be
performed on the body to-day, andalthough
it is in a badly charred condition the police
hope that it will disclose whether or not
the woman met with violenoa.

THOUGHTFUL MAN CLUBRED.,

Was Trying to Draw Fires to Avoid an
Explosion When Cop Assaulted Him.
Fire destroyed the starch factory belong-

ing to Arthur S. Hoyt at 28-27 Ninth street,

 

Brooklyn, last night, causing damage

estimated at $50.000, The blaze was discoy-
ered by the engineer, Henry Gutteridge.

He said later that when he saw the fire

in the packing room he ran to the street

} and turned in an alarm and then hurried |
back to let off the steam from his boiler

and draw the fires to avoid an explosion

A policeman, he said, followed him and
ordered him to get out of the building
Gutteridge refused to leave and insisted

on drawing the fires. Then, he said, the |
| policeman lost his head and began to club

him. Gutteridge'’s arm was black and

plained of having been beaten about the
body. He says he was finally put out of

Six men from Engine 138 while on a
ladder holding a stream into tha second
story window lost control of the nozzle
and were knocked to the ground, where
the squirming hose beat them. Fireman
Shannon was the only one severely in-

jured, receiving a bad cut over the left |

eye from a blow of the nozzle.

 

RAILROAD HAS LAWYER JAILED,

Dobbins Is Charged With Embezzlement tn
Connection With Real Estate Deals.
EvizapetTH, N. J., Feb. 23.—Walter Dob-

bins, who has been a representative of the

Pennsylvania Railrogd on the New York

division, was lodged‘in the county jail here |

to-night on a charge of embezzlement
He was urrested at Burlington. He is a
lawyer

Pennsylvania Railroad had been buying
property along its line in this part of New
Jersey. Dobbins secured a_ release for
property from Mrs, Williams of Rahway,

and represented to her that the papers |
| would have to signed by an officer of the
company before a check would be for- |

warded to her. It is said that she never
received the check. He was arrested
by detectives hired by the railroad. Dobbins

| is held in default of $5,000 bail. His place

of residence is not known here.

MAN TIED UP.

 

He Says Three Villains Did It and Chucked
Him Over Park Wall,

As Policeman Stone of the Arsenal police |
station was patrolling Fifth avenue near
104th street at 9:30 o’clock last night, hear-
ing groans and shouts for help coming
from inside the Central Park eastern wall

at 104th street '.c leaped over the wall and

found a young men lying in a heap of snuw

tied up with a clothes line.
The policeman cut the rope and asked
the young man whohe was, eo, The young

fellow said that he was William Tierney, a

plumber’s helper, living at 240 East 102d
street.

“I was walking up Fifth avenue early |

this evening,” said Tierney. “Near 104th

| street three men jostled against me. 1

tried to get out of their way, but one of
them caught me and said: ‘let's try it
on him.’ The other two closed in and,
pushing me against the wall, tied me hand

and foot. Then one of them said, ‘He looks |

pretty well, let's dump him,’ and they threw
me over the wall.” *

The police suspect Tierney tied himself |
the name of Toby Claude, who has resided
| at 142 West Forty-ninth street and 40 West
Forty-fifth street within the past six |
} months, has filed a petition in bankruptoy

while in a dream. He went home,

 

KILLED BY AUTO HE DROVE.

Rear Wheel Passed Over Nelson’s Head
—Stalled With the Power On.
Lewis Nelson of 255 Bank street, Newark,
N. J., an automobile driver employed by
the New York Transportation Company,

 

was run over and instantly killed by the |

electric hansom which he drovp early last
night. He had taken two fares to the

Yosemite apartments at 550 Park avenue, |

and was starting back to the stables when

the hansom became stalled by a mound |
oficeand snow. He got off the seat, leaving |

the power on, and attempted to push the
machine over the obstacle.

Arnold Hoffman, a bellboy employed
at the Yosemite, went to his assistance,
and together they managed to start the
hansom. As the machine started Nelson
attempted to regain his seat, but slipped
and feti forward. -Tire rear wheel passed
over his head, killing him instantly.

Hoffman stopped the hansom and called

Bat Nelson was dead when

 

 

THE SEABOARD FLORIDA LIMITED
maintains quickest schedule in both directions
between New York and St. Augustine. A superb
train leaving New York every day at 12:25 noon
Office 1183 Broadway Ade

 

Quickest Line to Cicveland.

Leave New York 6:32 P. M., arrive Cleveland
745 next morning, Cincianatl 1.500 P. M Indian
apolis 800 P. M.. St. Loule 6:45 P. M., by New York
Central, Fine Service. No excess tare.—Adp.

 

se AS aR ae memev ma foc anata sa eh

+NEW YORK,

enforce the law under Strong and

until Jaly 14th Rate from New York
ing round trip transportation and Pullman ac
commmodations and all meals in dining car on going
ip. Proportionate rates from oMer points
Details of C. Studda, Fasterm Paseenger Agent,
No. 263 Fifth Avenue, New York Cit) 4 .

_

FRE IP sptenne 7 VE MACOS nines

 

MEN, JEROME SAYS.

Halves Is the Role, but if the Thief Gets
a Fine Diamond the Officer Takes

It—Haines Law a Blackmail Pump |

—Price Went Up onthe Roosevelt Risk.

"There {s not a place In the city of New
York where street cars run that the pick-
pockets are not working under distinct
contract with Central Office men,” said
District Attorney Jerome,in his address
lust night before Club A of the People's
Institute.

He was talking about the enormity of
the blackmail system, “There is a crook

in the Tombs now,” he continued, “whom |
I asked about the division of the spoils, |

and I want to say right here that 1 believe
what he told me. He said that the whack-
up was made ona basis of 50 per cent.

for each alde,excepg in some cases where |
| the pickpocket geta an unusually fine
| stone,and then the officer takes it all. A
| politician was recently robbed of his dia-

mond stickpin on a surface car, and he

him recover it. The detective asked him
in which section of the town he had lost
the stone, That was all he wanted to know.
In a few days the politician got back his
pin,

“If the people of this town oniv knew the
true hideous inwardness of the blackmail

system, they would rise up in their might
and annihilate it. If they knew the true

character of the higher officials of the police
force, it would be another case of Montana
and California with their vigilantes.”

Mr. Jerome's speech was a plea in favor
of the passage of his amendment to tho

excise law permitting saloons to sell liquor |

after church hours on Sunday, but the
discussion took a much wider range. In

answer to questions he said that the greatest |

evil in the country was that the judiciary
as a rule was elected instead of being ap-
pointed.

“And let me add,” he continued, “that
the greatest peril to the labor movement

| in this country is the misunderstanding
now so prevalent on the question of injunc- |

tions; for the thing that is going to stand
between the labor organizations and their
oppressors in the future is the injunotion
of the Federal courts, in spite of the idea
that is held of it to-day by members of
trade unions.”

Mr. Jerome also took a shy at Charles
Sprague Smith, director of the People's
Institute, who was not present. He said
that Mr. Smith was like a great many other

| worthy citizens who did not want the excise

law amended and at the samo time would

| do nothing toward its enforcement. He

had asked Mr. Smith toaid him in getting the

| amendment passed, but Mr. Smith refused
/ on the ground that he did not believe in it

“Well, will you help me to get the law as it

stands enforoed?” Mr. Jerome asked Mr.
Smith; but he wouldn't.

In answer to a question drawn out by |
this statement the District Attorney said
he was radically opposed to “all this foolish
ness about the referendum.” It looked

| fair on the outside, but was the most un-
democratic thing in the world, and the talk
about it in this country was an acadetnio
dream.

The Raines law could not be enforoed

under present conditions in this city, he
said; but any one with an ounce of ibteilli-
gence could devise a means of enforcing
it “But the Legislature is not legislating
in the best interests of the people. [A voice:
“You are right."] And one party is just as
bad as the other. Neither side wants a
change in the Raines law, because it is
80 well adapted to squeezing money out
| of saloon keepers all over the State.”

By the arrest it became known that the |

its to
Low

had made it impossible to elect their suc-

The speaker eaid that the attom

oessors on the reform ticket.

“And what was the result?" he asked.

“What in God's name did we get as a recom-
pense for it?) We got less than one-fiftieth
of one per cent. of the offenders in court

Even Theodore Roosevelt, with the whole

| police force at his back, could not bring the
offenders to justice, The only result of his
strenuous efforta to enforce the excise law
| was to put up the price of blackmail from
$5 a month to $15 and $20 on the ground that

under a reform administration the risk
of giving pretection to lawbreakers was
80 much greater

“In reality there should be two kinds
of statute books. One should be the mora!
yearning statute book in which could be
recorded the great but non-enforceable
ideals and the other a book: in which the

| statutes that can be enforced should be

written.” °

In one of the statements Mr. Jerome
made about the iniquities of the blackmail
system he told the audience hoe would treat
them if it was not so. Joa Johnson, the

manager of the Subway Tavern, who fol- |

lowed the District Attorney, said he was
in a position to make good Mr, Jerome's
promise and invited allhandstotheheavenly
bar—not the bar of heaven.

 

 

TOBY CLAUDE BANKRUPT,

Poor Thing Can't Pay 81,859 for Qothes
She Has Bought.

Harriotte M. Standing, an actress, under

with liahilitios $3,042 and no asseta. Tho
debta were contracted in 1003 and 104,

for wearing apparel, photographs, shoes,
| medica] services, &c. Among the creditors |
| are Julia W. C. Carroll, $1,037; Mrs. Josefa
Osborn, 861 Fifth avenue, $500; Mrs. Kirk-
land, $170, and Arnold, Constable & Co.,
| $150, all for wearing apparel; Burr MolIn-
tosh, $45, and Mr. Garo of Boston, 280, both
for photographs, and the Boston Musio
Hali Amusement Company, $800 damages
for breach of contract.

 

Schwab to Build Fifty Homes for Workmen.

ALTOONA,Pa., Feb. 23.—Charles M. Bchwab,

former head of the United States Steel |
Corporation, has let the contract for fifty
houses, to be used by his workmen in the
milis at Williamsburg, a town near here.
The contract amounts to about $100,000.

TOUR TO DENVER VI*.. PENNSYLVANIA

RAILROAD, ACCOUNT OF EPWORTH

LEAGUE INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION.

On account of the Epworth League Interna

thlonal Convention at Denver, Colorado. July 6th
to #h, the Pennsylvania Raliroad Company wil!

run & perwnally conducted tour to Denver ieaving
New York by special Pullman train July &rd
Tickets will be good returoing by regular trains

  

{)), cover

POLICE AND PICKPOCKET DIVVY

| CONTRACT WITH CENTRAL OFFICE

 

  
 

BRYAN ADVICE TO ROOSEVELT.

Sog@esta That the President Refuse Favors
From Rallroads,

| Lanooun, Neb., Feb. 23.—Mr. Bryan
| thinks a test of the President's sincerity
in his anti-railroad campaign would be a |
| refusal to accept favors from them, He |
| Bays:

“Thoughtful people credit the President |
j with being sincere in his position on the |
| railway rate matter, but would he not be |
|
|

in a better position to push his fight if he
| were not under obligations to the railroads
for favors received? The claim that rail-
| roads like to carry the President's specials
| because of the advertising it brings is silly
in the extreme. They carry the President |
for the same reason that they carry Con- |
gressmen, Senators, members of State |
| Legislatures, Federal and District Judges, |
county attorneys and influential politi-
cians. |
“President Roosevelt can strengthen his |

road favors in future."

| position by refraining from accepting rail- |
}

FIFTY PERSONS LOST,

| Schoonera Wilbur and Quinnebang Were

Probably in Coillsion—-Wreckage Found.

Boston, Feb, 23.—Tho firat Inkling of
the fate of the four masted schooner Charles
bh. Wilbur was contained in a cable message
received this morning from Bermuda.
About eighty feet of the stern part of the
vessel drifted ashore on Northwest Reefs,
end a board 12 feet long was picked up
| with the name Charles FE. Wilbur out in |
the wood and gilded.

The appearanoe of the wreckage Indi-

cated that the forward part of the vessel
| had been cut off by collision with somé@ other
| craft. The Wilbur, a new vessel on her
maidon trip with cargo, sailed from Darien,
Ga., on Novy, 8, for New York, witha cargo
of piling and was never heard from.
It had been supposed that the schooner
| foundered in one of the gales which swept
the Atlantic shortly after she sailed.
The Wilbur was what fs known as a
| “bald headed” schooner, that is, she carried
no topmasts. The only other veasel of this
| particular type was the schooner Quinne-
baug, owned by the same men as the Wil-
bur. The Quinnebaug also disappeared |
and her fate has remained a mystery. She |
sailed from Savannah on Nov. 6, for New
York, also laden with piling

Shipping experts believe, from the re-
| ports received from Bermuda, that the
Quinnebaug and the Wilbur were in col-
| lision and that both vessela foundered |
Capt. Cook was in command of the Wilbur
and Capt. Vetterling of the Quinnebaug
The crew of each vessel numbered twenty- |
four men. On board the Quinnebaug, be-
sides the regular crew, were the captain's
| wife and brother-in-law.

|
Pe me
|

 

 

 

SIMPLON TUNNEL THROUGH.
Eight Year Work of Boring the Alps
Thought to Have Been Ended,
Special Cable Despatch to Tne Scw
BERNE, Feb, 23.—Probably the piercing
of the Simplon tunnel is now completed.
The last news was that oniy a few feet
separated the Swiss and Itallan workmén
jat the point the engineers had in their
plans arranged as the place of meeting
Snowstormns have since stopped the tele- |

graphs, but it is likely that the workmen |
from the Italian and Swiss sides of the
great tunnel shook hands with each other

this afternoon. The work of constructing
the tunnel began in 1898. It is 12‘, miles
long.

EX-SENATOR ROSS DEAD.

Injuries Recetyed When His Wife Was Killed
Prove Fatal,

Sr. Jonnsspory, Vt., Feb. 23.—Tho Hon
Jonathan Ross, ex-Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of Vermont, and ex-United
States Senator, died at Brightlook Hospital
to-day as the result of injuries received |
on Tuesday afternoon, when his sleigh
vas struck by a train and Mra. Ross was
killed, Judge Ross had been unoonsclous
most of the time since the accident.

Mr. Ross was born in 1826, at Waterford,
Vt. He entered Dartmouth College in 1847
and was graduated in 1851. While gaining
his early education be worked on his father’s
farm in the summer and in the winter taught
achool in Vermont, New Hampshire and
Massachusetts. After graduating at Dart-
mouth he taught in Craftabury and was
principal of the academy at Chelsea, Vt.
While living in the latter town he atudied
law and was admitted to the Orange county |
bar in 1856

Judge Rosa formed a law partnership with
A. J. Willard of St. Johnsbury, which con-
tinued for about two years. He then prac-
tised by himself until 1865, when he went
in busineaa with G. A. Burbank. Alter a
| year’s association with Mr. Burbank he
formed in 1860 a partnership with W. P,
Smith, which continued until he was elected
in 1870 an Assistant Judge of the Supreme
Court. He was elected Chief Judge in 1890.

Judge Ross was State Attorney for Cale-
donia oounty in 1862-03. He represented
St. Johnsbury in the Legislature in 1865,
1866 and 1867, and for several years was a
member of the State Board of Education.

In 1860 he was a member of the last council
for censors held in the State. He represented
Caledonia county in the State Senate in
1870, the year he was elected to the Supreme
benoh

Early in 1899 he was appointed by Gov.
Smith to succeed Justin 8. Morrill in the
United States Senate. Ho was twioe
married.

 

 

 

Fire Great Headway.

street waa destroyed by fire last night and

were partly burned. If it hadn't been for
the fireboats New Yorker and MoClellan,
the damage, which Chief Croker estimated |
at $15,000, would have been much greater.

The fire was discovered in the building | Antt-Pool Selling Measure Disappears From
the Office of a Clerk in Missourt.

JarFERSON CITY,
cars were at a standstill and the man tn original draft

by a watchman employed near by. The

first fire engine was biocked by a long train
of freight cars on Eleventh avenue. The

charge of the dummy engine didn’t budge. |

move on, and when it wasn't moved-men

were sent hurrying south on the avenue | of the obief olerk.

to tell the engineer to get busy. The train | based on the original bill, in the nature of
frat they had to run several | an arnendment, the action of the House in

rohibite all bettin

was 60 long

blocks to catoh up with the engine. Even | passing the bill, which
then it took ten minutes before the firemen | on horse races in the State, beoomes n

 

could cross Eleventh avenue.

This gave the fire great headway. In
addition many of the fire hydrants near
the burning building were frozen

 

 

 

MARDI GRAS.

pecia!l tour via Pennsylvania Rallrozd

8
3 to % Inclusive, Hate, $75, covers all pecessary
t
P
“

  

 

apenace including grand stand seats Speci

viman train. Inquire of ticket egente or C. |

  
 

suf

 

FEBRUARY 2 ’ 1905.—Copwriont, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publiahing Associaton,

   

 

ce TO | BAG ONE MORE SICK ENGINBER

 

{ND HIS PAL,WHO SHOWED WALL
STREET T0 A DETECTIVE.

All the Carb, It Appears, Was Yelling for
Eagle Gold and Copper at #3.75 and
Couldn’t Get it Because Tt Was Soarce
~Sick Engineer Offered 2,600 at 62.

The “atck engineer” sawindle, which landed
Larry Summerfield in Sing Sing, is still
working, and two of the con men who work
it were landed yesterday by Central Office
Detective McKenna, whe could make more
money on the stage than he does on the
thought that this
advertisement, which he found in a morning
paper on Feb. 12, had a fishy look: |

Any one with $5,000 cash can make 60 per cent.
on same in short time; legitimate business deal; |
| handle own moncy; appoint Interview,

O'Brien told McKenna to look into Itt
and assigned Detectives Deevy and Cassassa
as Richard Morris,
got into ooim-

Capt. O'Brien

wrote a note to A. A. and
munication with “H. B. Clayton” at the Met-
| ropolitan Hotel, Broadway and Twenty-
Clayton knew a sick engi-
neer who wanted to sell his Eagle Gold and
Copper Mining stock at 82, although
was worth $. McKenna, who posed as a
retired bookseller from Boston, said he'd
take $5,000 worth at least and give Clayton
half he made on the deal.

As McKenarja had never been in New
York before, Clayton showed him Wali
He pointed out Trinity
Church, and declared that his great-great-
grandfather had been baptized there,
Down where the Broad street curb brokers
play Clayton dived into
when he came back he sald.

“Thoy’re all yelling for Eagle Gold and
Copper at $3.75."
took McKenna into Jules 8.
Bache’s office at 30 New street and asked
for the quotations on Eagle Gold and Cop-
He was told in the office that
no record of the stock could be found
and that it certainly wasn't an active one.

“There,” said Clayton to McKenna, “you
see, they can't get any to deal in.
scarce stock, I tell you.”

From Wall street the pair went to the
Washington Hotel, in Jersey City. In Room
102 they found the sick engineer.
introduced as Mr. Montez.
to be crippled by rheumatiam, and be cer-
was good at

no heart for business, but he wanted ready
| cash, even at a great sacrifioe. After oon-
siderable talk he produced a greaay look-

soventh street.

Street yesterday.

the crowd and

He appeared |

agreed to buy
but said he would have to come back to
this city for the money.

Clayton and he came back here and, once
on this side of the river, McKenna arrested

quarters Clayton guve his name as Frank
Montez, and in Jersey City. when Chief
of Police Murphy bagged the other swindler,
that invalid gavo bis neme os Horatio B.
immediately recovered his
It is doubtful if O’Brien can hold
his prisoner, but Chief Murphy thinks he
ean send his man to jail for nttempted |
| awindling. This one had an opium layout,
which was seized.

BRATION,

Clayton

Pennsylvania Academy Celebrates Its 100th
Birthday Anniversary,

PHILADELPHIA, Feb, 28.—The Pennsyl-
vania Academy of the Fine Arta celebrated
the 100th anniversary of ita founding to-
night with a banquet served for 260 artista
laymen in the main gallery of the |
There were twenty-four women |

and
academy.
present

A feature of theevening vas the award of |
| the $300 second Lippincott prize to Alexander

Stirling

medals of honor to

and Violet Oakley. These announcements,
particularly the latter, were met with great
enthusiasm.

A special train brought a large contingent
from Now York to the banquet.
included Sir Casper
newly elected director of the Metropolitan
Museum of Art; Herbert Adams, John W.
Alexander, Howard Russel! Butler, Charles
H. Chapin, William
Charles Chaunoey, Thomas 8. Clarke, Wil- |
Coffin, Mr. and Mrs. C.
and Kenyon and Mrs. Cox.

Purdon Clarko, the |

liam A.

 

She's All Right, but Coons Letter Lands
Him in a Tenderloin Cell.

Charles Augustus Wilson of
Twenty-ninth street, a tall, lanky negro
1b, wandered into a phofo-
graph parlor at 400 Sixth avenue last night
and asked the proprietor, George Beigel,
to wntea letter for him, as he was unlearned
Wilson dictated as follows:
Ain't no use o’ me

| waiter out of a j

Ma DRAR LADY
hangin’ ‘round. 1 ain't got no Job any more;

nor no money, an’ you've done throwed
that’s what I is, an’ nobody cares fo’ me any

I'm goin’ to take a walk, that’s what I’

I'in goin' down to Twenty-thir
“to get on one of them boats
an’ after that boat's out in the river I'm goin
to make a hole in that river.
goin’ to Ree Ine No more.

street, an’ I's golr

You ain't never

which you haus done thrown down
CHARLES AUGUSTUS WILSON.
After Seige] had written the letter and
watched Wilson depart, he got to thinkin
etter was not a bluff.
Policeman MoAnerney.
was caught after a short chase
Eleventh Avenue Hold-up Gives Lamber down the street, and landed in the Tender-
loin station as a suspicious person.
0 Serres f o ide
A four story building at 649 West Fiftieth or ilisg ines ae Shey: be DAG 0 ee
“I may be a fool nigger,” he said, “but
| Sochwartzwalder's lumber yards adjoining | I's not so foolish as that. I was just a teasin’
and oodgin’ that gal.”
He was locked up.

that perhaps the
TRAIN BLOCKED FIRE ENGINE, | ae consulted with
Vison

 

LEGISLATIVE

Godfrey anti-pool
selling bill, the substitute for which was
The fire engine whistled for the train.to | adopted on Tuesday by the House of Repre-
sentatives, has disappeared from the office
As the substitute is

and leaves the Breeders law just as it stands.

Anson for City Clerk of Chicago.

Cri1caco, Feb. 23.—In Democratic circles

THE GULP COAST-NEW ORLEANS. | to-day it was agreed that Capt. Adrian C. |
Anson would be the nominee for City Clerk

| at Saturday's convention
| and Harrison elements of the party predicted
tain would receive the caucus

to-morrow night without op-

Both the Dunne

that the ca
udds, E. P. A. No. 963 Fifth Ave., New York. | indoreemen
\ | position.

   

   
     
  

AS NEAL Tp BY hee 4 ie

RE Sree ee

7 f

  

Frmpar, FEBRUARY 24, 1993.

Fair to-day; increasing cloudiness to-morrowy

 
 

BOMB FOR SENATOR P ENROSE?

  

—_ —

PRICE TWO CENTS. 4

   
 

‘MANY KILLED IN BAKU RIOTS,

Addressed to Him and Left tn the Private |

Letter Box of an Arilst,
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 23.—An_ infernal
machine, addressed to United States Sena-

 

instrument was left in the box temporarily

later for it. The fact that there were no
stamps on it confirms this theory.

Half an hour before the discovery of the
machine Mr. Williams had emptied the
mail box of ita contents. He says there

a ee aaa ge ee eee eran

The fact that on the day previous a messen-

dreased to Senator Penrose to the Hotel

the belief of the police that there was a

police are now searching for the messenger.

DYKE KEPT ON SHORT COMMONS.

 

 

 

American Wife Doesn't Let Manchester
Throw Away Money.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sen.
Dusirin, Feb. 23..~-In the course of the
hearing of suit brought by a land agent
named O'Carrollto recover £750 commission
for procuring a loan of £10,000 for the Duke
of Manchester, counsel stated that the

Duchess, who was formerly Helena Zim- |

| merman of Cincinnati, kept control of her

| Zoreune, She did not throw her money
away and she did not give it to the Duke

to throw away.

|

Consequently ho was unable to pay debts |

his extravagance had inourred. The hear-
ing was adjourned. It is understood that
the Duke is in the United States.

WOULDN'T BELIEVE AJEW'SOATH

Juror in General Sessions Sent Away as
Ineligible.

“I cannot serve,” said Abraham Abrams,
foreman of the jury that was about to take
up yesterday the case of two boys churged
with burglary before Judge McMahon in
| General Sessions. “There is @ member of
| this jury who has said that he would not
believea Jew underoati. Heis Juror 9.”

 

 

“That's right,” said five ouier jurors,
who stood up. *We heard him assert in the
jury room that he would not believe a Jew
under oath.”

William N. Denman, an agent, of 140

Nassau street was the juror. He madeno |

denial.

“That being the case,” said Judge Mo-
Mahon, “you are not eligible as a Juror and
you are excused.”

The two burglars were then oon vioted.

When Judge MoMahon was oxamining
talesmen for the February panel one of the
taleamen said he wouldn't believe a police-
man underoath. It turned out that he had
| been convicted of running a disorderly

kouse,

| THINKS FLYNN GIRL IS DEAD.

| wether of Missing Stenographer Cannot
(therwise Explain Her Disappearance.
The search for missing Mamio Flynn,

the young Brooklyn stenographer who

| diaappeared on Friday last, is still going

 

 

 

| on and the police of all the large cities have |

been asked to look for her. The parents
of the girl are sure that she is not staying
away from home willingly.

Misa Flynn is 26 years old. She was
stenographer and confidential clerk ‘or
E. O. Jacobsen & Co. of 2 Stone street,
Manhattan, and had their power of attorney,
by which her name to a check for $50,000
would be honored at their bank. Mr
Jacobsen has assured the police that the
miesing girl's accounts are correct to a
cent.

“Nothing but death could keep that girl
from coming home,” declared her father,
John Flynn, last night. “She was a home
loving girl and | am sure she must be dead."

J. F. SCHENCK'S WILL MISSING.

 

Search of His Private Papers in Lenox
Fails to Reveal ft,

PIT?TsFIELD, Mass,, Feb. 23.—The will of

| the late J. Frederick Sohenck of New York

| is missing, and a search of all his private

} papers in Lenox and New York has failed
to reveal it. Mr. Schenck is known to have
made his will several years ago and it was

in his Lenox residence, Valley Head,
where a search for the will was made fol-
lowing his death three weeks ago.

Some investigation has been made in
New York for the papers, and the vaults
of the New Yark Trust Company are to

time Mrs. Sohenck has been appointed

bonds and other propertios which needed
immediate attention. He was rated as a
millionaire,

REVENGE ON A LEGISLATOR,

Girl Whom He Didn't Marry Defeats One
of His Bilis, He Says.

Lrxco.n, Neb., Feb. 23.—A bill to require
the keeping of gasolene in red painted
cans, in order to distinguish its contents
from kerosene, failed of passage in the
Senate to-day, after having received sanc-
tion in the House. Its author, Representa-
tive Foster of Douglas county, declares

 

| that its defeat was secured by Miss Olive |

Utt, private secretary to her uncle, Lieut.-

Gov. McGilton, who used her influence

and acquaintance with Senators to smother
| the measure.

Foster is a young dentist of Omaha,
| where Miss Utt resides. Several years ago
they were engaged to be married, according
| to the Representative, but the engagement
} was broken and afterward he married

| another. The defeated measure was Fos- |

ter’s pet bill, and he declares it was to pique
him that the young woman acted.

Miss Utt ia the daughter of John E. Utt,
an assistant traffic manager on the Rock

Island. She declares that the story origi- |

nated in a joking remark by one who knew
of her former friendship with Foster, but
the latter sticks to his story.

|
TO RETURN RATTLE FLAGS.

 

Congress Passes Bill Authorizing the Gov-
ernment to Send Rack Captured Trophies.

Wasuimoarton, Feb. 23.—The Senate to-day
passed the House bill authorizing the return
to the respective States of the captured

| battle flags, both Confederate and Union,
now in possession of the Government.

The action of the Senate, like that of the
House. was unanimous. The bill now needs
but the President's signature to become
e law.

cniegeyns ements
Muir's Scotch Ale, Choice of Connoisseurs.

The delight of all who love good ale. A sparkling |

bariey nualt brew—-bottled In stoneware.—Ads,

;

tor Penrose, was found this morning by
Archibald J. Williams, an artist, in his pri-
vate mail box at 1210 Market street, where
he has hia studio. It is believed that the

by its maker, who had intended to return |

waa nothing of the kind in it at the time. |
ger boy took a mysterious package ad- |

| Walton, and upon finding the Senator was |
not there refused to leave it, strengthens

plot against Senator Penrose’s life. The

supposed that the papers were in his desk |

be searched to-morrow for the will. Mean- |

special administratrix of the property of
her late husband. He held valuable stooks, |

 

| FOUR DAYS OF MOD FIGHTING

| IN SOUTHERN RUSSIA,

Families Dragged From Homes and Mur.
dered-—-Mussulmans Rise in Tiilis —-Sol-
ders Guard Uanks—Black Soa Fleet
Involved — Warsaw Strikes Spread,

 

Spectal Cadle Despaiches to Tan Sun.

Bakv, Feb. °23.—The rioting and mas-
| sacring which broke out here last Sunday
; continued for four daya. The casualties
are unknown, but it is generally thought

| they were not below a thousand

Whole families were dragged from their
houses and murdered in the streetea. Thea
| excitement continues, but outwardly mat-
} ters are quiet. The banks are carrying
on business as usual, but they are pro-
tected by soldiers. Most of the shops owned
by Armenians are closed.

The strikers attacked the men working
in two factories at Romany. Thirty per-
60nS were killed or wounded.

CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 23.—It is reported
here that Batoum and Pot!

, in Transecaue
casia, are under mob rule. The officials
ars helpless. Murders and arson are fre-
quent. It is rurnored that warships belong-
ing to the Russian Black Sea fleet have
bombarded Poti, which is heid by strikera

ST. Pererssuno, Feb. 23.—It is reported
that Tiflis, capital of Russian Transcaucasia,
| is a centre of riot, and that fighting ie in-
cessant. Hundreds have been killed or

wounded. Many armed Mussulmans came

by train from the country and joined their
coreligionists againat the Christians. Busi-
ness is at a standstill

Many of the residents have barricaded
themselves in their houses. Robbery and

violence are supreme.

Warsaw, Feb. 23.-Not only have the
strikers tied up the railway trains, but
they have wrecked the switchboards and
other mechanisms so as to render impos-
sible the operation of the lines by military
engineers

Consequently a large part of Poland
is cut off fromm the world. No mails are
received or despatched, and no outaida
newspapers are received. The employees
of the big factories at Lorz have struck
again. The strikes are spreading in other
places,

Strikers this morning smashed the win-
dows of five factories on Czerniakowska
street and forced the workmen to leavo
‘the buildings, A company of infantry
was sent to the spot, and it is reported that
they fired upon the strikers, with what
result is not known.

LAUDS SERGIUS AS A MARTYR,

Praise for the Murdered Grand Duke- One
Pathetic Incident, ‘
Speetal Calle Lessaiclics te TA & N

Moscow, Feb. 23.—Tho ceremony attend-
ant upon the funera! of Grand Duke Sergius
was completed *o-day according to the ritual
of the Orthodox Greek Church, and the body
now lies in the Chapel of St. Andrew, whither
it was removed at the conclusion of the
service to await eventual burial in St. Peters-
burg.

The service in the Chudoff monastery
| was solemn and magnificent, but was very
| irksome to those who attended, owing to
the intense heat. The tiny chapel was over®
.cowded with people. The blazing tapers
added to the heat, and the air was rendered
oppressive by the fumes from the censers.
It was necessary frequently to carry glasses
of water to revive the overtaxed women.

Some were obliged to leave in the course of
the service. ‘The Metropolitan of Moscow
preached the funeral sermon. He said in
the course of his remarks

“The re<ponsib lity for the death
of the Grand falls on the

whole socie f without dis-

iety of
tinction. The memory of Sergius, that
great martyr, and the services he rendered
the State will live for all time among the
Russian people. The Lord will accord ever-
lasting rest to the spirit of this martyr.
His soul will live as lives the blood of the
ancient martyrs, as a memorial to the truth
and the true faith. We may be sure that
the blood of the Grand Duke will sow germs
of repentance over all classes of society.”
The most touching feature of the service
was the Grand Duchess Elizabeth's fare-
well to the ehattered body of her husband
Led by Grand Duke Constantine and
Grand Duke Paul, she went to the side of
the coffin and bent over the face of the
dead, which was hidden by a lace veil,
} and silently sobbed,
| Apart from this incident there was little
in the gorgeous ceremonial that appealed
}
|
i

 

  

   

to the heart

Sr. Perersnaure, Feb, 23.--The Czar
and the other members of the imperial
family attended a requiem service to-day
in the chapel of the palace at Tsarskoe-
| Selo. The foreign Ambassadors, the Min-
isters and a great number of Court and
State dignitaries were present.
| The Czar and Czarina and the other
members of the imperial family after-
ward, in accordance with custom, attended
a State luncheon, at which the Ambassadors
aod others attending the requiem were

i guests.
Lonvon, Feb. 23.—A requiem maae for
the repose of the soul of the late Grand

Duke Sergius was sung in the Russian
chapel in Welbeck street at noon to-day.
King Edward sent a representative, and
Mr. Choate and other Ambassadors were
present

 

MORE JAP TORPEDO ROATS,

 

Dozen of Them Now Ready to Join Meets
| Coal Ships tn Panger.

Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun
Lonponr, Feb. 24.—The Tokio correspon-
dent of the Telegraph says that a dozen
| torpedo boats that were recently finished
have joined the seagoing fleets. He adds
| that ten steamers laden with coal and pro-
| visions are icebound outside of Viadivostok,
| and that when the ice moves out the Japa-

| nese will undoubtedly capture them.

NORTH SEA REPORTS RUMORS,

No Offictal News Yet—Sald to Be Pavorable
to Russia.
Spectai Cable Detpaiches to THR SuN
Lonpon, Feb. 23.—In the House of Com-

mons to-day Earl Percy, Under Secretary of
State for Foreign Afiais aid, in reply toa
question, that the Government had not

 

SOUTHERN'S PALM LIWITED
Lv. New “ork dally, cicept Sur
P. R. R. and So, Ry Superb se
fast trains dally. N.Y. Omices 77
i Ads.

   

Two other
1183 Bway,

{