CON ee «
° Ls
’ ‘a

 

LETS HIM TELL WHAT HE SAYS
H& KNEW ABOUT WHITE,

     
  
    
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
    
    
   
  
  
     
                  
     
 

 

fome Letters and an AmMidavit and Thaw’s
Comments on Them ~The Relator
Goes On Unchecked and Justice
j;. Mills Declines to Interrapt Him,

Waite Prains, Aug. 5.—For the first
time since his arrest after the murder of
Stanford White Harry K. Thaw told on a
witness stand this afternoon a great part
of what he said he believed to be true
about the relations between the man he
slew and young girls. It was a long
etory that Thaw told in his effort to prove
that what the alienistes for the State have
denominated maniacal delusions of his
were not delusions but facts upon which
he built his chauvinistic propaganda
in defence of American womanhood.

For many long hours during the course
of the present hearing District Attorney
Jerome has probed and prodded into the
mental equipment of the Matteawan
prisoner, with the sole result that he was
met sally for sally by the witness. To-day
for the first time since the beginning of
the hearings in Thaw’s effort for freedom
from the asylum the relator gave himself
up to voluminous explanations and
volunteer statements, They were all
along the line of what he holds to be the
abnormal conduct of the man he shot to
@ath on the Madison Square roof.

Psychiatrists for the State have testi-

1 fied that a paranoiac suffers from a sys-

tematized set of delusions; that he is often

able to conceal these delusions for months,

, even for years) To-day when ina ran-

, dom moment Jerome put Thaw on the
stand to identify certain exhibits that had
been entered by his attorney he touched
by 4 question some spring of ready in-
terest in the witness and for half an hour
and more Thaw unveiled most of the
evidence he had held in his own belief
against White. Jerome sat on the edge
of his desk and allowed the witness to go
on without interruption.

What Thaw had to say touched upon the
statements in an affidavit that had been
made by Ada G. Dickhart of Milwaukee,
Wis., as to an experience she alleged that

* she had suffered with White in rooms he
occupied in Fifty-fifth street, between
Sixth and Seventh avenues in this city.
Thaw's story coneerned also what he
professed to believe to be the truth about
two more young women who had enjoyed
White's friendship at about the time that
Thaw first met Evelyn Nesbit. Sixty-
eight letters which it was asserted had
been written by Stanford White to one of

: these girls and which had been sold by

i hér to one of Thaw's attorneys prior to the

firet trial for murder also figured.
This morning Thaw's lawyer, Mr.

Morschauser, opened by calling to the

 

in chirography.

~BROME GBTS THAW GOING!

a)

:

A

|

stand David N. Carvalho, the expert for so thinking.
After a few matter! had not paid particular attention to this

*
:

a

Pde was’ ind

rmined to seek him at his
office. She went one night at 8 o'clook
to a place which she leved to be in
Fifty-fifth street between. Sixth and
Seventh avenues; on the floor above
the street it was. As soon as she entered
the place White pressed a glass of cham-
page upon her with such an insinuating
manher that she determined that safety
lay in flight. Flight she tried, but ony
to discover that the street door by whic
she had entered was locked. Whi
followed her down the stairs and told hér
that if she felt like going away she had
better return for her hat.

The Milwaukee deponent did return
for her hat, and when she was in the room
in she found the door of that room
locked behind her. Then, the de tion
says, White assured her that she was
over a barn, that her cries could not be
heard and that she might as well accept
the inevitable. But she did scream, and
she fought with White until her waist
was torn from her back and her hair
was dishevelled. After those si of
resistance White let her go, but she was
so tattered and torn that she could not
go meme in a street car; she had to hire
a cab.

® you believe this affidavit to be
true?” was the first question that Jerome
fired at Thaw.

“I certainly do,” Thaw replied.

“And you believe that this girl would
go back up those stairs to get her hat
after what she seus ”

Thaw said that he did. He seemed
ready to tell a great deal more and Jerome
led him on by asking him if he had ever
heard of any place White maintained over
abarn. Thaw said that he had heard that
White had once rented a place over a car
barn, but that he thought it was in Fifty-
second street instead of Fifty-fifth The
District Attorney wanted to know if the
witness knew of any other apartments
of such a nature that White had main-
tained.

“Oh, yes,” Thaw replied “he had a place
called the ‘Blind’ down in Maryland,
where he took respectable girle from
Baltimore, and also some New York girls
went down there too.”

Jerome wanted to know if all those girls
could have been respectable and Thaw
said that the majority of them were at
least, for he had reason to believe that
White did not care to have any acquaint-
ance with girls who were not innocent.

“Then ite had a place on nrenr.
eighth street and a place on Thirtieth
street and a yacht atSouthampton,” Thaw
voluntered.

Jerome wanted to know how it was
that the witness had learned of all these
different resorts that White was sup
to have maintained. Thaw replied that
some men whom he had known and who
had at one time or another asso-
ciates of White had told him much about
them and of the goings on in those pri-

vate gathering places.
“Ww : there was one man I met,” and
here Thaw leaned over the rail and ke

in a confidential tone, “and this fellow
told me that he used to run with Stan-
ford White and that though he was no
lady he could not stand for some of the
things that went on in White's dens.”
Jerome then asked Thaw to tell him
something more about May Mackenzie
Did Thaw think that the letter entered
in evidence as having been written to her
by White indicated anything of a wron
intent? Thaw instantly ied that
did and that he could explain his reason
He believed that White

§ of course questions Carvalho was asked | girl until he beiieved that she was inno-

i to identify sixty-eight letters to
Sue Parker which bore
ture of Stanford White. Carvalho iden-
tified them and then, at the instance of
Thaw's counsel, he told how he had ob-
tained them.

that had taken him to the office of Charles
Russell, and there he met Sue Parker,
who had with her these numerous letters
signed by Stanford White. The woman
wanted $5,000 for the lot.

Carvalho testified that he saw the
possible value of the letters in the defence
of Thaw. and dickered with her ti
she reduced her price to $500, whh the
stipulation that should they be used in
aM the trial she would receive an additional
$5,000. Carvalho saw the late Russell
Peabody, who was then one of Thaw's
counsel, pay the first stipulated $500 for
the delivery of the letters. Then the
witness stated that he saw Sue Parker
sign an affidavit setting forth some of
the experiences she had undergone at
White's hands. The gist of her state-
ment was that White had prevailed over
her when she was only 17 years old in
his “Eagle’s Nest” in the tower of Madi-
one Squafe carden o

cross-examination Carvalho testi-
fied that Delmas had offered these very
letters of Sue Parker in evidence in the
first Thaw trial for murder, but upon the
objection of Jerome and under the rul-
ing of Justice FitzGerald they had been
withdrawn and their contents had not

 

been made public. Jerome seemed to
believe that the packet had been tam
with, since there were not sixty-eight let-
ters, but only sixty. This point the wit-
ness explained by saying that there were
sixty-eight pieces of writing; whether
each piece was to be considered a letter
or not he could not say.

The handwriting expert was asked by
Thaw’'s attorney to identify another let-
ter, this one purporting to from White
tw May Mackenzie. e letter began
May, Dear,” and read in part as follows:

 

Tam the most awfulest of frauds when i

good time. A dose of home after all is the
very best medici:
Whatever you «:

back prettier or »

e any of us can take.
however, do not come
ore alluring than you

were. For under those circumetances I
could not be held responsible for my actions
and there would !e real trouble and no

mistake, And then By the way
when is that fall boa! coing to sail? The
"Social Whirl” has opened and is whirling

along. It ia quite good. Seriousiy,
May, when are you coming back?

This letter was signed with the initials

Miss

    
    
 

’ were dining at “Martina’s” (?).

White

Ronit s a fatherly gentleman, so

t. ny read, and feomee to
pre advancement for the deponent
meen his influence with the thestrioal
ould. He asked the girl if she
id visit him at his officesome evening

r

Mer dinne
the statement continued, she

At Fira:
Mis loth to do this, but when she became

   

EZ

 
 

!

Miss | °*2

He said that before the |
first Thaw trial he had learned something |

stand.

t.
Thaw finished his recital with an air

the signa-| of finality, but Jerome was back at him

in a minute.

“So you think that Miss Mackenzie's
relations with White never reached a
point such as other girls experienced?”

“Oh, I am very sure they did not. I
know that White did not ruin her as he
did other girls.”

Jerome a letter up to Thaw and
asked him if he could identify it as in
the hand of Miss Mackenzie. haw
looked the letter over with a show of eur-

rise and said that it was manifestly a
wer from May Mackenzie to Stanford

ite.

“Now,” said Jerome, “I want to read
you this letter and ask you if you think
it is consistent with your story of a young
girl who had a wrong offered her.” He
feed the letter, which was addressed “Dear

tan.”

Jerome paused at one point in the let-
ter an then with emphasis he read these
words:

If you were only here to enjoy the fun.
1 know where there is to be a sassy little
ball where young fema'es wil! ft abou t

in gauzy veils and nothing else.
“How much credit can you put in the
story of a girl who woul ite such a

letter to a man?” Jerome asked.
Thaw thought he could explain that
seeming Gisorepaney the character of
May Mackenzie. t led him to another
story, and he slipped into the narration
easily and wit) the relish of a raconteur.
“I know that Miss Mackenzie was
afraid to scorn White after he had made
his advances toward her. She was afraid
to because she knew that a short time

before White had blackmailed a girl | Ma.

:

out of town who had done that very
thing— who had scorned him. She wished
to keep up the appearance of friendship
an: “a
rome interrupted Thaw to get him
to identify a letter which showed that
May Mackenzie received money
from White after the time Thaw had
get as the period in which White had
reued her.

. if he was giving

a to letter writing. It is no use. She bet, fT
ave what Peter Dooley calls ‘Writer. | SUPpose she th t might as we
Phobia’ ond a had case at that. - t = she ao, oe interjected, an

fam «lad that vou havi then he continu 8 .
u are having such a| "22 Yow months before White met Mise

Nesbit—and that was before I met her—
another girl came to town with her mother.
She was a little older than weve one
sixteen and a half years. Both she and
her mother were simple people and when
they met White they were willing to
trust him. Again he assumed the air
of fatherly interest toward this girl
as he hi toward the other
attempted to ruin, and she really liked

him.

“In the autumn of 100!-—-and that was
dtter White had begun payin attention
to Miss Nesbit—this gir sick

y

or auch

the spews eorney She went over m

of the of Thaw’'s early life that

had testified to in the seoond trial
or murder, and she gcited the list: of
what = termed Se ayp.¥, 4, .
been imposed upon noe his in
Matteawam Mrs. Thaw broke down ana

   
 
 
   
  
    
   
 
 
       
  
  

ris he | mari

ee ree Tl

SAYS.SUTTON WAS A

LIEUT. UTLEY CORROBO RATES
OTHER WITNESSES.

 

 

Denies Private Kennedy's Story Abeut
Seorecy—Tells of Sutton’s Fights and
Admits That He Disliked Him From
His School Days at Naval Academy.

ANNAPOLIS, Aug. 5.--Lieut. Howard H.

| Utley of the Marine Corps, the man on

account of whose absence the proceedings
of the second inquiry into the death of
Lieut. James N. Sutton, Jr., were brought
to. an abrupt close last week, took the
stand when the court reopened to-day
and by his testimony materially strength-
ened the case of himself and his brother
officers, who are now defendants. Had
he so chosen Utley need not have taken
the stand. He could have availed him-
self of a defendant's privilege as laid
down in the navy regulations and declined
to testify. Instead he took the witness
chair and talked freely.

As soon as the record of the last day's
proceedings had been gone over {Major
Henry Leonard, the Judge Advocate,
brought matters to a head by asking
Commander Hood, the presiding officer,
to request Henry E. Davis, chief counsel
for Mrs. Sutton, to declare his relation
to the proceedings.

On the day the recess was taken Mr | Utley said he followed Sutton to camp.
Davis said that the ruling of the court | He went to the various officers’ tents

that made a complainant of his client
left him in doubt as to whether he could
in justice to himself; continue a party
to the inquiry. He had never, he said,

intended assuming the duties of a prose- | Su
8

cuting attorney.
When called upon by Commander Ho
to-day to define his position Mr. Davis

said he had talked over the matter with | pointing two revolvers at Dehart.

high officials of the Navy Department
and had been assured that the realign-
ment of the interested parties was purely

technical and that in representing Mrs, | Roelker, who a red a minute lat
Sutton his position would be that of an | While they were tall : :

attorney merely assisting in the inquiry,
@ position identical with that Mr. Davis

had declared to be his at the beginning. | made no impression on U

In view of this information Mr. Davis

told the court he would continue to | saw Roelker throw

bear his former relation to the inquiry.
The announcement by the court that

Lieut. Utley need not testify if he did not | olinched with Sutton and th
wish to was the only occurrence to indi-}downward. When Utle row bie Seco

cate that his relation to the case was

other than that of one who would not be | Sutton’s

affected by the results of the inquiry:

While he was on the stand Lieut. Utley | for

did not decline to answer any questions.

He said that he did not remember certain | the
things, but for the most part and on nearly Ut

all the essential points his memory was
clear and his testimony direct.

During his examination he was plainly
nervous. Several tiznes he appeared
irritated. This was particularly notice-
able when Mr. Davis compared his tes- | him :
timony on direct examination to-day with | did not like Sutton’s mamner.
his testimony at the inquest held the day | ov
Utley is a slow U
thinker and often pondered over ques-
tions. He and Major Leonard had a ; *
jittle tilt when he was describing incidents Se ere

after the shooting.

immediately following the death of Sut-
ton.

“After Sutton died I went to Col. Doy-
en's house and awakened him. I told him
that Sutton had shot Roelker and then
committed suicide,” said Utley

“You say suicide,” said the judge ad-
vocate, “are you sure that he committed
suicide?”

“Don't you know that I am certain of
the definition of suicide,” replied Utley.

“Would you say that a man who shot
at another and hit himself and was killed
committed suicide?” asked Major Leonard.

“I would,” Utley. Major
Leonard halted there, without asking
Utley if it were his opinion that Sutton
intended to shoot himself.

After Utley had told hie story in direct
examination he was confronted by Private
Kennedy, the who testified last
week that he Sutton and Adams
fighting and that Utley had told him the
day after Sutton was killed to “keep his
mouth shut” about what he had seen.

“Do you know that man?” _— the
Ju Advocate, nti to Kennedy,
eae across Ee tants from Utley.”

The young Lieutenant took a long,
slow look at Kennedy. “He is Priva

Kennedy,” said Utley.
“Do you remember qocing him on the
night that Lieut. Sutton ?” asked

Leonard.

did not see him that night,” was
Utley’s reply. K y was then ex-
cused and made a hasty and grateful
exit from the court room. When Mr.
Davie asked Utley on cross-examination
about his telli Kennedy to sosg ee
mouth shut, Ut said he might have
told the sentry who passed when Adams
ere about to fight not 82

when he and Adams were preparing to
fight, but Utley remembered no such
occurrence.

On the stand Ut made a fairl
witneas. although Me “I don't vous a

sae Fea Tae We aly

tions from hg AY

the events
terman, Sutton and Adams, who occu-
> reached

le,
pied the same automobile.

 
  

E

ne
pare Hall was

i

&

¢
sf
:

4
5
3

He eupposed that Sutton either dropped
one 0 h wn
or that some one took it away from him.
Afterward he testified to-day that Dehart
came to him and told him he knew where
one of Sutton’s revolvers was. Utley
told him to report matter to the officer
of the day, Lieut. Willing.

Two pointe were cleared up by Utley.

—e Hoa

TTT iescsceceleetaientie oo etc”

   
   

|

with Osterman. Utley and Roelk -
od - y er fol

  
    

  

|

   

       
  
   

& W. anda wliar sign manual which
‘ went to a hospital. While she was there | testified shot fired.
sorriE S ee oe Quills. White sent her a diamond ring with a xoept that
these 3eo eecker letters ae ission over | letter saying, “This is our en t ng alone
between aan * going on |ring.’ This was the first time that he had le Bevan
Horne ted ta eee Thaw’s | ever assumed this attitude with any girl. down.
torney -mupmnitied Jin evidence the | He pretended to be enamored of this girl.
Been ora that the Pari tn had, while in Evelyn's case it was just cava ier
rs ~ a roe Bactingss by both water ‘the girl had recovered White
tigorously mgainet sutions, fought | decoyed her one night to one of his dens.
thes nati He ‘dont Seeeeeion of | He did not use knockout drops. She was )
were allow ared that if it|conscious ell the time. Neither the girl | way, Utley declared, Button never ha
ie Would to be entered in evidence | nor her mother brought action against |a noe. rman kn Sut-
fe would cross-Oxnasine w upon its| White immediately for some reason or | ton down, said Utley, Sutton lay on the
oe: a manner in wi ch i had! uther, and through some strange freak | ground. ref to get up and fight or
ea ie ae ; which I have never been able to under- | to oor teat he had enough he
dah laters cross-examina-|stand they did not take action until} said he had enough of fist , but
opp tunity tne SF lt be wished st a | Christmas came. Then because White won get a gun and kill them all before
F aainae out | did not send them any Christmas presents | morning.
ce eoinae f Stanford White as he had they . a suit. ‘en it was Bat ‘Abe One tt that everybody interested in
Wien aaa | , |Husamel intervened, For $5,000 he re-|the'trial had hoped would be cleared up
looke. n Thaw took the witness chair he | covered the diamond ring and the letters. | by Utley was how De Hart came to get
a at the affidavit and declared that | after that White went to every theatrical on of the revolver that is said
Se he eon made owes July, 1908, and that | manager in town and blacklisted this|to have been in Sutton’s possession that
* had received it a few weeks later. I'/ girl and her mother. They almost | night and which was afterward found on
a come to him, he said, as the result starved; neither of them could get a the rade ground. De rt said that
ermation Be Xs aoe @ | position, - an gave it to him at the scene of
yer in a Western  city— ukee | "Two years later, after I had heard all| Sutton’s death. Osterman, Bevan, ms
Bae the place he alluded to-and upon | about this, | had Roger O'Mara, then | and Willing had all been questioned and
of suggestion this lawyer and the chief | chief of police of Pittsburg, come on to | none knew epything about it.
woe ce of that city had in the|New York and both the girl and the! To-day Utley said that when Adams
anit who later became the ent | mother told their stories to him. He | threw Sutton face downward on the
and had secured from her the sworn | made then promise that if they ever heard | ground he (Utley) and some one else he
the d ent. He had not pare @ cent to | from White again they would notify him, | cannot identify caught hold of Sutton.
ja ieponent for her services, Thaw told | The girl was never again bother She | One arm-was lutton and the other
vet Ch croes-examination later. continued to stay in New York and to-/arm was free. The free hand held no
i oe ee read the affidavit. day she holds one of the highest positions | revolver. hand lay under Sutton's
con tthe tale of a woman who had | on the American stage.” body Utley cannot remember, but he said
a 12 New York at the age of 16 toearn| Here Thaw was allowed to leave the|he reached under his body to the |
thar = #5 @ chorus girl. She declared |stand. It appeared that he would wil-| revolver Sutton held and was attempt-
. zh she had a very hard time] lingly have stayed'there another hour, jing to possession of it when Sutton
Ay, bet along and was an honest worker wiving more of she record, as he saw it.|drew his arm out and fired. He said he
* Ot net TY stall wage she and two other |of the man he murdered. had not seen a second revolver during
While. friends were introduced to White| Mrs. Mary copes Thaw was one of the| the final struggle. He had seen Sutton
_t witnesses called in rebuttal to with two revolvers a short while before.

Q

veh

| him.”

fe
a]

on

Ss x b UGUS

)
:

“Lest at to
Ella Wheeler Wilcox--but if
your teeth have been neglected

and you are not a user of

wh a

Tooth Powder

The world will not laugh
with you, but af you. Clean,
white, beautiful teeth and a
pure, fragrant breath are

rewards of its daily use.
SRF AEN AEE ORE

One was that Dehart was drunk
“—. The other was how Sutton got to
where he was when Adams met him just
before the shoot began. After Sutton
had fought with Osterman and had an-
nounced his intention to kill the officers

 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
  
  
     
       
   
   
 
 
    
        
      

 

 

see who was absent. In front of Sutton's
ing just inside

er ley’ ordered Oe dor arres
up. ey oO tton under t.
tton refused to obey the order and
tarted toward the scene of his fight

When Utley came upon Sutton he wee
sergeant was talking to him and trying
to get him toturn over the revolvers to
him (Debart). When Sutton saw Utley
he covered him too, and also held up

Adams appeared,
coming toward them. tton broke away
and started toward Adams. Words
between them, but what they said

tley.
n shooting. Utle
is hands up and fall.
Roelker said no word as he fell. Adams
was rushing Sutton and yelled as he
did so that he had heen hit. Adams

   
 
      
     

Then Sutton

  

    
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
      
   
  
 
  
 

  

found some

a alied. Hi killed Roelker! d
. “He's oP
shot was fired eo

ioned as to Sutton’s personality,
said he did not like him. Hie
@ began at the Naval Academy,
where he and Sutton were classmates.
It had been reported a member of
class, Utley said, t Sutton had
@rawn a knife on one of his classmates
and threatened to stab him. This made
Utley added that he
He was

   

  
  
  
 
   
   
 
    
 
      
      
     
     
     
  

   

  

to an unnecessary degree,
ley. hoaths to the servants at the mess.
“His line of conduct did not coincide
with mine,” was Utley’s final remark on
nothing to do with

 
  

Utley will be followed by Sur, Cook
and then Mrs. Sutton and Mrs. rker will
give their testimony.

MASS OF INDIAN PEOPLE LOYAL.

Statement in Parliament on Budget for
Hindostan—Kitchener Praised.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Loxpow, Aug. 5.—In introducing the
Indian budget in the House of Commons
to-day the Right Hon. Alexander Murray,

 

Master of Elibank, Parliamentary Under
Secretary to the India Office, stated that
India’s present condition was,very hope-
ful, though owing to past on
there was a deficit of $16,150,000. He
zed Lord Kitchener's work as com-
mander of the forces in India.

Referring to the murder of Sir William
Curzon Wyllie, he said that amid all the
froth and foam of a few seditionists the
mass of the peoples in India remained
unmoved. He announced that there
would be no hesitation in dealing with
seditious persons.

THE CZAR FOR PEACE.

Reply te City of Londen Address—OfN to
Meet the German Kaiser.
Special Cable Despatch to TSR Sux.
Cowes, Aug. 5.—The Czar's visit came
to a close to-day and in the afternoon he
left on board his yacht, the Standart, for
Cronstadt, where he will meet the Kaiser.
In replying just before his departure
to an address presented to him by the
Lord Mayor and Corporation of London
the Czar expressed an earnest desire
that the relations of Great Britain and
Russia should continue jh a friendly
spirit for the great cause of peace and
civilization.

——_——
47 SAILORS LOST.

The Maori Goes Down Near Cape Town
—Bound Frem New Zealand te London.
Speciat Cable Despatch to THR Sux.

Capze Lown, Aug. 6.—The Britian liner
Maori, a vessel of 4,185 tons, on its way
from New to London, foundered
off the African yesterday evening

Jt was at first feared that a large num
of persons had perished, but advices from
the Ship's owners in London state that
there were no passengers aboard.

The vessel went down in four minutes.
Three boats were launched with a total!
of fifty-five men.

Eight have reached the shore. Hope
for the forty-seven others has been aban-
doned. i

 

 

The Weather.

A small depression central off the coast of
Long Island was causing continued rain in New
England yesterday.

In New York and at « few points southward
there was light rain in the morning, but to the
south the weather for the most part was fair.

Thuadersterms occurred in the middie and
lower lake regions and at one or two points
fo the Missour! and upper Mississipp! Valieys.
It was generally fair throughout the West,
although the pressure was low in the Rocky
Mountain districts.

Lower temperatures covered New England
and eastern New York, Washington, Oregon
and northern California. In the south Atlantic
States, the upper lake regions, Missourt Valley
and Rocky Mountains it was warmer.

In this city there was light rain in the morning,
clearing during the day; cooler ta the morning,
warmer in the afternoon; wind, fresh to brisk
northwest; average humidity, 76 per cent.; bar-
ometer, corrected to read to sea level, at 6 A. M.,
20.06; 3 P. M., 20.96.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by
the official thermometer, is shown im the annexed

table:

1909. 10906 1909 1906.
GA. a3 80°) OP. M..,...7 ae
12 Xt veosed oo" ae HS e.: a 70°
3P.M....... 70° pe |12 Mid....... cc

Highest temperature, 76°, at 4:50 P. M.

WASRINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAT AND TO-
MORROW.

For eastern New York, eastern Pennsylvania
and New Jersey. generally fair to-day and to-mor-
row; tight vartable winds.

For New England, showers and somewhat
warmer to-day; fair to-morrow; light variable
winds

For the District of Columbia, Delaware, Mary-
land and Virginia, partly cloudy and probably
showers (6-day: fair to-morrow; light variable
winds.

For western New York and western Pennsy!-
vania, partly cloudy to-day and @-merrow; ight
to moderate variable winds.

automdbile accident, and that he is the

     
      
    
 
    
   
        
   
 
   
  
    
    

A New Side
to Our
$14.50 Sale.

Our new uptown

store is on
5th Ave. above 27th St.

New York

LAUTERBACHS UNCONYINCED

YOUNG WOMAN CLAIMANT
HIRES THREE LAWYERS.

 

 

 

 

ings by Cunninghams to Establish |
a Marriage With Alfred Lauterbach
—Rabbi and License Undiscovered.

Members of the family of Edward
Lauterbach decided yesterday that no

adequate proof has been provided of

the allegations of Sophia Houston Cun-

Fifth Ave. above 27th St.
Broadway et Warren St.

HUDSON-FULTON CELEBRATION COMMISSION
No. 154 Nassau Street, New York.
reby notified that the solici

Family Will Await Start of Proceed- |

ningham that she was married to the |

late Alfred Lauterbach on July 21, 1908,
eight days before he was killed in an

father of her son born May 5 last in the
Long Island College Hospital, Brooklyn.
Mr. Lauterbach and others who joined
the family council at his office yesterday
afternoon reached this conclusion when
they heard the report of Henry Groh
Hershfield, Mr. Lauterbach’s son-in-law.
who returned early yesterday afternoon
from Philadelphia, after spending three
days looking into what the young woman
ted as evidence of her marriage.

Mr. Hershfield had gone first to the
home of the young woman's father, the
Rev. 8. R. Cunningham, at Oakland, N. J.

They showed him the baby, which Mr.
Hershfield said was a healthy, attractive

child, with blue eyes and black hair. death

They told him that Sophia's marriage

certificate could be seen, and that they

regarded it as the strongest evidence

had to support the advertisements

published last Monday. They told

him that Eugene Raymond, a Philadelphia
te

ceremony was performed. She told him
that she couldn’t remember in which
direction the carriage went or how long it
took She couldn’t describe the rabbi
who she said performed the ceremony,
or any of the witnesses. She said she
came back to New York with Mr. Lauter-
bach immediately after the y.

With this information Mr. Hershfield
went to Philadelphia on Wednesday and
ee Ba yg the young —
had at the Bellevue-Strat:
alone on July 26. Then Mr. Hershfield saw
Lawyer Raymond and found out at once
that a statement that the young woman
had put her case in the hands of Mr. Ray-
mond because she was walking about the
city and saw his sign was not true. Then
Mr. Hershfield saw the alleged marriage
certificate. It bore the name of the Rev.
Rudolph Lindauer as officiating clergy-
man and the surnames of the three wit-
nesses, Conn, Marks and Jacobs. One
of the witnesses, declared to have been
the rabbi’s housekeeper, dould not write,
anda mark appeared opposite her name.
Mr. Hershfield then set out to see if a
marriage license had been obtained and
found that none had been issued in Phila-
delphia. Then he consulted the city
directory to get trace of the clergyman
and the witnesses. He could find none of
them, and inquiry in Jewish circles in
Philadelphia and Camden brought the
repiv that no such rabbi was known
there.

information. he had
ia Mr. Hershfield
. Lauterbach
21, and this was the

belief of others at family conference.
They had consulted the records of the
office and found that he attended a direc-
tors’ meeting that

“I prefer not to ma comment on
what we have learned Mr. Lauter-
bach when the conference ended. “The
facte as Mr. Hershfield has told them are
enough without any from
me. can say that they made a
great mistake publishing those ad-
vertisements.”

Mr. Lauterbach said that there was no

@ an
” said

,

now await the next move
Mrs. Lauterbach. He is
y

by the al

oreres eT heares she makes.
eared pad jearned that his son knew
the young woman.

ius sees young cos
to > he came in

 

Brennan
at Good Ground
who sent the young

Dr. Ceci] MacCoy,
woman to the Long Island College Hosg-
t 5 o'clock

pital, was also present.
oman went direct to
Oakland "Dr. SaaoCoy referred inquirers

 
     

The conference ended abou

last n ht to Dr. Brennan, who wae at the
Brook Club. Dr. Brennan said that
it had m decided to say nothing until

after a conference y, at which the
oung woman is expected to be present.

ke said he thought the young womans

claims would be settled out of court, and

declared that if she proved the m

she would bring an action against the

use the tem-
city for heavy —T.. oh

bridge on
killed in his automobile tigi days
afar the marriage was not ted.
that the 7us
had - that because

 
 
  

| Beran IB, )

hat he cared to look up and |

likely | celebrating

ers | Prince Nicholas: of Montenegrg*
Ruther- | his accession :

 

You can’t get all sides of a story at one telling.
Here’s a new side to our $14.50 sale of $22, $25

and $28 suits.
The lighter weight f

serges, are getting low. ‘
gains, but they are too few to give usa wind-up

with action.

‘ancy mixtures, cheviots and
What there are, are bar-

During the sale a good many men have been in
looking for a dark, medium weight suit to wear
this Fall. This has given us an idea.

At the end of spring we carried over about 500
black and blue, medium weight cheviot suits,
intending to hold them for a flurry in September.

We have advanced

added these suits, which are $22, $25 or $28 grades,

to the $14.50 sale.

To-day and to-morrow at our four store».
Saturday we close at noon.

Brooklyn

  
  
  

The public is he a
title of the “Hudson-Fulton Celebrati
Broadwa
unauthorized by the Hudson-Fulton
proved by it.

This Commission recommen
countenancing enter
this Commission; an
communicate with the office of this Co
standing.

  
  

  

Via NEW

Hard Coal—

Tic CITY—
wruagrigg

 
  

  

   

to say.”
HIDING IN PRESIDENT'S HOME.

Queer Refuge for Cuban Whe Shot Editor
for Gcandalous Cartoon
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Son.

Havana, Aug. 5.—Director of Posts
Nodarse, who on the night of July 31
shot and wounded Editor Torriente of
the Politica Comica becatse of a carica-
ture that appeared in that paper implying
that President Gomes was intimate with
Nodarse's wife, returned to Havana to-day
and gave himeelf up w a criminal judge.

He admitted that the shooting was
due to the cartoon. He was released on
bail pending his indictment. Since the
shooting Nodarse has been hiding in the
Presidential summer residence at Cayo
Cristo, whither he fled on the Presidential
yacht Hatuey the night following the
shooting.

 

 

ACAPULCO IMPLORES HELP.

quasncesijamans
People Unsheltered and Region Blighted
—Treasure Scattered.

Mexico Crrv, Aug. 5.—The people of the
stricken city of Acapulco have appealed
to the Government to send supplies for
their relief on war vessels, and this has
been ordered done. There is not a roof
in the town to shelter them and they arein
a terrible plight, with the vegetation
blighted and dying and their homes de-

stroyed.

The post office is doing business .in
the street. The Custom House is not
operating and no vessels have arrived.
The earthquake broke open the vaults
of the Custom House and scattered the
coin in the ruins. The State Treasury
was also broken open at Chilpancingo
and the money scattered.

KING OF MONTENEGRO.
prince Nicholas Said to Purpose Cif

 

  
   
   
  
    

 

Spectat 1
Vienna, Adg. 5.—It) is

While the big price-cut

Suits that were up
Suits that were up
Suits that were up

       
    
     
    
       

265 Broadway, near Chambers

 

the City of New York,” by Alfred Fatman,
and who announces himself as

HERMAN RIDDER, Acting President.

elightful EXCU

‘This great seashore resort, with its Pi
oy rfoveln and amusements aires Oy Liberty St z
BA. M. YM wad arp, ai Jo onildren, 1.25.
; LAKE MOPATCONG—EVERY SUNDAY, $1.00
This ing mountain lake. 1,000 fees ebexe one. paves, heres ; ness
boating, bathing. SADIE. SIT iperty St. 9-00. A. Tt

ROUND TRIP, 61.00; CHILDREN, 50 Cents.

Your Suit Size Still Here

Men's Summer Suits resulted in much activity, the demand
has been so uniform that all sizes are still represented.

 

$3 and $4 Straw Hats, $1.10.
$1.50 and $2 Shirts, 9Se.

Hackett: Carhaitt §@

our plan a month and have

Fulton St. at Flatbush Ave.
Broadway at Bedford Ave.

tation of funds under: ther»
for the Orphan Children’ of »
he address of No. 150
rer,

on Benefit
who gives t
both Manager and Treasu

Celebration’ Commission and

&s that the public exercise great caution ine}
rises whose announcements suggest a connection with ©
that those who are solicited to subscribe to such funds"

mmission if it is desired to learn their”

TST Ts
JERSEY CENTRAL

N

famous boardwalk, bath-

 

Thinks Taft Is Sending Him to China to —

Get the Golden Fieete.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun,

Sr. PeTerssura, Aug. 5.—Commenting ©

on the appointment of Charles R. Crane
as American Minister to China the Novoe

sae fas %
(RY | tute of diplomatic training should awe

been selected for the post. Answering tts
own question itsays: 4 Was
“Mr. Crane is a sharp (business man,’
just such a one as President Taft requires
to further his plansin Asia. A pilgrimage
for the Chinese golden fleece is being pre-
pared with American gold. We hope Mr.
Crane will not turn his business methods
against Russia as his predecessor did.”

JAPAN PRESSING CHINA, —

 

Threats of Armed Collision on the Lins

of Antung-Mukden Rallway. |
Spectal Cable Despatches to Tas Sow.
Tox1o, Aug. 5.—In consideration of

ject Japan is pressing China for a final
reply on the matter of the reconstruction
of the Antung-Mukden Railroad, which
Japan is prepared to begin at once.

‘Should China continue to refuse %

gendarmes and policemen on tho line of
the railroad may prove to be unavoida-

China to reconsider her position.
300,000 STRIKERS IN SWEDEN.

 

ing in Décorous Manner.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun. :

SrocuKom, Aug. 5.—It is stated that
the strikers throughout Sweden now num-
ber 300,000.

The strike order was nowhere broken.
Everywhere the strikers are acting in a
decorous mariner.

 

MENELIK DYING ‘AGAIN. @ ~

 

Periodic Rumor as to Abyssinian Ruler
Revived in Paris. —
Special Cable Despetch to Tae Sum...
Panis, Aug. 5.—A despatch from Addis
Abeba, Abyssinia, states that it is again
reported that the Emperor Menelik is in
a dying condition. i

New York Veterinarian a Chevalier...
Special Cable Despatch to Tae SUM. om
Pants, Aug. 5.—A. Liautard, director
of the American Veterinary
New York, has been appointed a
of the Legion of Honor.

 

Child Falls Six Stories; Not a Bone Breken =

Mrs. Mary Woodman of 203 East ay
| street Went to the roof of her home A
day

pa Np,

er,” ‘

we've made to clear up our

to $18, now $12.60.
to $22, now $15.00.
to $28, now $

St. 841 Broadway, at [3th St.

disap-"

WEXT SUNDAY, $2.60)
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST {(TH |

the definite treaty provisions on the eub-

consent collisions between the Chinese —

ble. Japan is still endeavoring to induce —

Strike Order Nowhere Broken—Men Act _

Pa.
zy

<- eurgeons at the p a
tal said last night that he would ©

 
   
 
   
      
   
             
                 
           
 
 
  
       

th

f
%
i
4
*
4
a
ay

"a

ag
i.

¥

 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
    
    
   
   
   
   
    
      
  

oy