perature of between 35 and 40 degrees,
“the best weather conditions.” Mill-
ions perished in the snow. The grand
secret once more! .

Nothing can daunt MrcawsBer. He
“counts the hits and not the misses,”
and in 365 trials of the dice he must
throw aces occasionally. He still nurses
the unconquerable hope. He is ever
young and fait. Whereas his “fair”
usually means rain or snow.

‘The eas Sun.

FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1909.

 

 

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
z Clase Mall Matter.

 

Subscriptions by Mail. Postpaid.

DAILY, Por Month... .....5..:serceeseoss 0 BO
ec ecoscevccvoesesoves oe)

 

  

 

Joy Riders, All of Them.

Our esteemed contemporary THE
7°) EVENING SUN published an article last
evening concerning the use of one of the
city's automobiles by a city official who

ai ee 2 fentaninn is on vacation. It appears that the gen-
Publish oe “4 By tleman in question has gone off sojourn-
a Gon ‘Kew —— as ie dae ing in the country and has taken with
) glation, Willlem M. — = Nassan street: | him an automobile which is the property
Tre ot secretary of the Association. D. w. {of the municipality. THE EVENING Sen

170 Nassau street. ‘ lappears to disapprove of this proceed-
Be site DOndnnentinsn § Areneanewen ing, seems to detect in it somewhat of

ae _ The dails.4a Sunday Sum are on sale in| immorality and of loose regard for the
at the Mtherican and Colonial Exchange. | property of others; and, while it does
re snag eng phecay det ype not openly’ say so, would fain include it

dg oan nae ee in the category of “joy riding.”

\‘Joy riding” is commonly accepted
as a sort of felony and means are being
earnestly sought to visit it with the se-
verest punishment. All the same, can-
dor requires the admission that there
is a great deal to be said in mitigation
of our contemporary’s severity. Prece-
; dent, especially in public life, is taken
Risalt nts te wnat Came Out of the 2 ae gp yo Bygy sry ae
Mountata. approve. Precedent and example, per-
fi. A ‘downward revision” which in| paps, are responsible for a large part
jee particulars gets nearer to the/| of all the moral laxity which the world

ith; ‘relief’ for the consumer which —- eee :
in some culars gives another turn| How shall we hold to strict account any
"i ‘the _ aed to that missr- of our servants who appropriates our
et , property to his temporary use and bene-
® thumbs; in general, a reediting |g when we allow the highest of them
anc rearrangement of the sacred work | qi] to do the same thing without remon-
Netaon Dixoie&y; without much| strance or rebuke? Before we condemn
except that it has been|the “joy rider” in domestic life or in
d for all that it is worth to certain dee eige Mage een tat oe
is dishonesty se y
Sactarere and leaves the lasue of deserves, had we not better inquire if
we are not ourselves remiss in that we
ourselves are dishonest, and grossly

| DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year.
_ DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month
| Postage to foreign countries added.
| All checks, moncy orders, &c., to be made pay-
> able to Tax Sun.

eheeaeee

 

 

  

 

Paris , 82 Rue Louis le Grand. The datly and
“4 tions are on sale at Klosque 12, near the
if Grand | lotel; Kiosque 77, Boulevard des Capucines,
. pe de l’Opéra, and Klosque 19, Boulevard
ae corner Rue Louis le Grand,
friends who favor us with manuacripts for
with to have rejected articles returned
tm all cases send stamps for that purpose.

BS

‘w

Mincanc

>

ter to distribute direct taxes in- ee a anes
bh} ‘@ confess that accounts pu
a ce ae fi a nt from time to time of the vulgar delin-
7 : quencies of the garage and of the more
pat State government itself. serious laches of public servants with
- 3. A new socialistic tax of doubtful | the people's automobiles ought to be
@ onstitutionality on the incomes of cor-|indifferent reading beneath the gay
‘porations; socialistic because it is mani-| awnings of the Sylph.

; imposed not for revenue but as wette'et & be we
j The Writs o abeas Corpus in
oe entering wedge for further proc- Shaw Gate.

« of Federal control and Federal We are sorry to see that the recent
| inquisition; a revolutionary measure | proceedings in the case of Harry K.
)demanded by no platform (except | THaw are being made the text of journal-
_ Brran’s), never adequately considered | istic preachments demanding an altera-
© Or discussed, and enacted against the| tion in the law of habeas corpus. Be-

almost unanimously adverse opinion |°2U% THaw has sued out four succes-
bef the country, apparently with the|"%° Write and because the hearings

s have seemed to some criti¢s to be unduly
| Main purpose of enabling Mr. TAFT to} protracted the Legislature is urged to
prove, with Mr. Furav Root's aasist-

strike a blow at one of the greatest safe-
ance, that although THEODORE Roose- | guards of personal liberty in America.
| SEL is gone he is not forgotten. It is a pretty poor reason to give for
© 4 The authorization of successive |Ch@nging an established rule of legal
bond issues at the Executive's discretion procedure that it is sometimes end under

very exceptional circumstances capable
“up to the full cost of the Panama Canal | o¢ aoe

a8 now estimated; the practical and as; We called attention a few days ago to
E imperfectly appreciated effect of | the report of a special committee of the
' this nieasure being to enhance vastly | New York City Bar Association in refer-
| the Executive's power over canal poli- |¢2°® to proposed amendments to the

: Code of Civil Procedure. Hidden in
pote and to make Congress more and /| 11. middie of thie report, like Jowam in

“More a mere bystander and onlooker. | ine whale's belly, were two amendments
) This occurs, it may be noted, at a time | to the law of habeas corpus. One pro-
» when sentiment in Congress, among the | poses to abolish the rule which subjects
_ engineering profession and in the coun- | @ Judge to a fine of $1,000 for refusal to
) try at large is undergoing a rapid and | issue the writ when the papers presented
t padical change as to the merits of the lock | '™ support of the application make out a

; ‘ prima facie case for its issuance; the
ee a Administra-| Sther, to abolish the privilege which is
been comm: >

now possessed by every applicant who
seeks release from imprisonment by
__ Thus, although the outcome may be} virtue of the writ of habeas corpus to
infinitesimal regarding the tariff re- apply a second time and to another
duction for which the special session} court or Judge, if his application under
was called by President Tarr four | the first writ is unsuccessful.
| months ago, the secondary resulta are| We pointed out that these features of
of a magnitude which it is no exag- the law are derived from England, and
F geration to call portentous. that, both rules have ordinarily worked

cE - well in practice. The statutory fine is
Y Well, let us make the best of it all and | never operative in a case where the peti-
be glad it is over.

Let us make ready | tion is insufficient in law; that is to say,
for the national prosperity that seems | the Judge or court is under no duty to
) to be determined to rush down upon us| rant the writ unless the facts stated
and.overwhelm us, not because of this ~ Ce se Conte and supported
F i i y oath 0} applicant or some
. ices of on, oe eso one acting in his behalf show that the

Y dred and nine, but in spite of it.

4

 

 
   
 
    
 
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  

 

liberty. This provision for a penalty
simply insures careful attention to all
Micawber Moore. petitions for the writ of habeas corpus; it
\ The Hon. Wiis LuTHEeR Moore, | Prevents them from being passed up on
| Chidf of the Weather Bureau, wants |'0 & perfunctory way, which otherwise
young men as forecasters. The vener-
» able vaticinator about to be transferred
» from this town to Providence totters country
A vo > A apn hove the bepeha. The right to apply for a second writ
and vicious pride of youth. The is even more important. It finds sup-

older, except the elastic Micawser | Prt in the approval of some of the
\ Moore, have been saddened by repeated greatest Judges who have ever sat on
) disappointment. That a man more than the bench in England and America—

25 can go on predicting the weather |*™02& Whom we may mention Lord
shows, as Dr. JOHNSON said of second} 2™70™ and, the late SaMUKL NELSON,

marriages, the tri h of h who represented this State on the bench
Sieerience. — oo of ¢he Supreme Court at Washington
When the Hon. Wii118 LutHer Moore pn mer y pools & a i
E was first appointed Chief the Hon,|0 the subject by an able tribu-
_ JULIUS STERLING MoRToN, Secretary | 34) the Supreme Court of Minnesota, in
P of Agriculture in Mr. CLEVELAND’s | 883: the gr to — on =
second Cabinet, a keen dendrophilist | ® 7 oe a — er
and one of the most accomplished gen- |°9°Y for the court to rmine is de-

 

A}

tlemen, uncompromising free traders nounced as & dangerous notion. We
and appreciative humorists that ever | Mle from the opinion:
adurneii Washington, said, with an evi- | “ The’ writ of liberty ‘isa writof right. When

) dent ironic catch in his voice: yp nem = See cavtalen onde so ae
é = e transcend uance, de-
He (Moons) has 4 system of his own, which | pendent upon the right of the petitioner and not
B80 expinined to me privately. It Is Ilttle short] upon the discretion of anybody, Is incontestable,
y Of wonderful. and It has been his secret for years.” | 11 may be urged that to allow the issue of succes.
» Little short of wonderful? Why, it is | sive writs will be intolerable and oppressive to the
pretermarvellous. March 3, 1901, Mr-| courts and td the public law oMcers. To this
; CAWBER Moore asserted in print that | ere are several answers: First—Buniness of this
i the weather on March 4, McKixiry’s! Kind ch age ree Seamenien . =
a, : “ onorable profession. § —Ex| ence is to
‘second es ae eee the contrary. We may rest with comfortable
' ever experien in the inau tration Of | assurance upom the fact thet after many years
» @ President. The sky surely will be! triai in this country and centurtes of trial in Eng
clear and the temperature warm and} iand the rignt to successixe writs has not been
) balmy.” Inevitably all the windows and} found to work any serious practical inconven-
doors of heaven were opened on that tence.”
dismal Monday. It rained cats, dogs| In the Thaw case, whatever we may
©" aad river horses. The grand secret!) think as to the propriety of the verdict
Por Mr. Tart’s inauguration MIcAWBER | of acquittal on the ground of insanity,
promised “a clear day, with plenty of | it would be particularly unjust if a de-
eunshine and invigorating air,” a tem- jpision last year that the prisoner was not

Ts

 

 

 
  

  

 

 

 

  

  

  

  

entitled to be released on habeas corpus
were held to be conclusive upon the
question of his sanity now. In that
event it is difficult to see how he could
ever get out, even though he should
have become absolutely sane. !n the
eye of the law the verdict of the jury
has established the fact that he is guilt-
less of crime; and if the verdict was cor-
rect there is no justification whatever for
his detention in custody unless he still
remains of unsound mind. The right to
test the question of hia sanity from time
to time should belong to him just as it
belongs to all persons who are restrained
as patientsin lunatic asylums.

The proceedings before Justice
MILLS at White Plains are also con-
demned as unduly dilatory, and it is ar-
gued that the law of habeas corpus
ought to be changed on this account.
It should be remembered, however, that
a judicial inquiry cannot always be
conducted with the celerity of opera-
tions in business, nor is it desirable that
it should proceed too hastily. This is
the time of year when most Judges are
enjoying their vacation, and certainly
Justice MILLS ought not to be criti-
cised because he is willing to devote so
much time and attention in midsummer
to the Thaw case. The State does not
have to pay him a single additional dollar
by way of salary; nor is Mr. JEROME'S
compensation increased at the expense
of the public because he is zealous
enough as District Attorney to leave his
summer home at Lakeville and spend
arduous days in the confinement of the
court room at White Plains. Nobody
would think of indulging in any fault
finding in the matter unless the case
happened to be one in which, owing to
the peculiar features of the Stanford
White homicide, the public and the
newspapers have become greatly in-
terested. It is a grave mistake, in our
judgment, to regard any occurrence in
the Thaw case as a legitimate argument
in favor of changing the law of habeas
corpus. It would be just as sensible to
propose to change the law in regard to
the compensation of attorneys because
one of the gentlemen who has acted as
counsel for THAW has sued him for
$100,000.

 

A Bitter Hour.

In the toad spotted records of rebel-
lion is there a page more loathsome
than that which tolls of the excision
from the urgent deficiency appropria-
tion bill of the appropriation for the
salaries of the officers of the United
States Court of Customs Appeals?

“Nothing,” says a Washington des-
patch to THE Sun, “that has happened
in the recent volcanic eruptions of the
tariff situation has created such excite-
ment around the halls of Congress es
did the information to-day that the
movement for the Customs Court had
resulted in a fluke.”

The withers of patriotism are wrung
most damnably. Wails arise from the
five thousand candidates for thé five
judgeships, from the five hundred thou-
sand candidates for those fat attorney-
ships and clerkships and assistant clerk-
ships and gtenographic clerkships and
marchalships and so on. Woe, woe to
the insurgent spoilers who have robbed
the faithful of the manna! The Judges
were all picked out. Divers discharged
statesmen were about to get a longer
and a “softer” job. Grapes of Tanta-
Los! But let us not dwell on the an-
guish of these brethren so cruelly and
treacherously deceived.

Yet to one martyr of insurgency our
heart must go out with a tenderness
uncontrollable. The Hon. WILLIAM
Peregs Hersurn, the pride of Clarinda
and the terror of the railroads; the pure,
the stern, the noble, the unfortunate
Hersven. His Congress district kicked
him out. The insurgents will not let
him in. Who is there to care for Hrp-
BURN now? Out of what hand save the
Government's can the good old man be
taught to feed?

 

Deceptive Beacons.

The marriage of Mme. Noapica in
London recently will no doubt bring
later its usual crop of miaguided young
women (with voices) knocking at the
offices of operatic managers. The stage
as a medium of matrimony is an ancient
institution, but all who use it for that
purpose do not succeed. Many are
called to the career, few are chosen.

petitioner is illegally restrained of his | ¥alvolio's speech never holds good in

the case of the opera singer; we refer
to the particular passage: “Some have
greatness thrust upon them.” Singers
to be great must always achieve great-
ness. To be sure, if they are born with

might welt happen in the mass of judi-|% #7e@t voice their trials are smoothed
cial business which many Judges)are | ®¥4Y; great voices, however, are as rare
now called upon to transact in this|%* reat brains. Norpica, for instance,

started out with an excellent voice, a
strong physique and indomitable am-
bitions. Almost in middle life, she
turned her back on Italian opera; then
came her brilliant successes as Zlea and
Brunhilde and Isolde. She alone could
tell what the effort cost her. Her Yan-
kee grit backed by intelligence sent her
to the top of the ladder.

Yet, the girl who goes to Paris or
Berlin or Milan only sees the Norpica
of the tiara, the press notices, and
the fashionable London wedding. She
might remember the little girl who, not
possessing money cnough to sit in the
orchestra, climbed to the gallery after
waiting for hours to hear Patti in
Vienna. Well could MarceLua Szm-
BRICH @#xclaim: “I, too, am a singer”;
but she was modest and held her tongue
and worked like a galley slave.

The best of musical beacons, whether
they be SEMBRICH or Norpica, Len-
MANN or TERNINA, may prove deceptive.
Absorbed in their art, they were whole
souled in yielding to its magic. The
young woman singer of the present day
is more practical. She wants quick
resulta, and big pay. She no longer
believes in the garret of Bohemia; she
goes into society, is petted for her small
gifts, and expects to achieve a position
in a few years. American girls, espe-
cially, brought up in comfortable cir-
cumstances, rush abroad, engage some
fashionable singing master, study super-
ficially a few réles, pay heavily for a
début at some third rate Italian, French
or German opera house, secure a lot of

o—.

ey Pe ee

THE SUN FR

  

Me

iY,

high sounding
for their native ;

The usual concert in the native town
takes place. More praise, flowers and
family enthusiasm. A vhange of name
is made, usually to one ending with a soft
vowel sound, HOBOKENIANA, or some
such Italian sunset effect. Then come
the managers and the tug of war. Thou-
sands of dollars have been spent on
the young woman’s musical education.
She can sing in three languages with an
equally bad accent; she has been in Paris
or Berlin or Milan; but she can’t act,
she can’t sing, and thinks she knows
it all. Ambitious? Yes, but not in the
right way. The a*s longa is not to her
way of thinking. She fails, of course,
and presently comic opera claims her
asitsown. She says aloud, “SEMBRICH,
Norpica, LEHMANN, TeRN1NA,” but she
is not willing to endure their long and
painful apprenticeship to art. She is
lured by the deceptive beacon of their
success, not by their devotion to music.
That she falls into the pitfalls prepared
by unscrupulous journals and managers
that flatter her and pilfer her friends’
purses is a matter of course.

  
      

AUGUST: 6,

‘@
A

 

Peaceful pedestrians on Forty-second
street west of Broadw must fancy
themselves in the Bow or in Baxter
street these cool A afternoons, be-
cause of the insistent a@saults upon their
attention made by the lusty and zealous
young men who seem to act as“ pullers in”
for various theatrical entertainments in
that vicinity. Flourishing bundles of
greenbacks they force the claims of their
respective “shows” upon you until) you
are out of hearing. They are not em-
ployed by theatrical managers, as they
are only sincere ticket speculators bent
on eelling their merchandise. Neverthe-
leas, their methods are extremely offen-
sive, and the police might easily subdue
some of their pernicious enthusiasm.

Dr. Bong of the Berlin Museums has
succumbed to the fever of the Yankee

peril and sees yellow when the name si

an A n picture collector is men-
tioned. t America is only following the
example of the French and German nations,
with this exception: our rich men with a

taste for art pay for their pictures and |

marbles. The pictures and marbles in the

Louvre of the Italian and Spanish schoo! |

were not always paid for. NaPpo.LEeon
grabbed them, and there were others.

 

President Zeuara, having reduced his
Cabinet to a single member, probably

to run the Government on the
plan of the Mikado in the Gilbertian
opera. He himeelf, if tales be true, is

qualified for the functions of |

iticiams, and set sail

 

the Gaul on the Torpiveur.
From Le Matin of July #.
Oh, that crossing! 1 can say without ex-
aggeration that I have lived an hour never

THE SKIPPING OF THE CHANNBL | captain of the
How Wileriot’s Historic Flight Impressed *

 
 
  

wondetrul t.
dublin poh nod tos a

at the close.

Good sport, perhaps, but when he took
his place on the bri it eeemed to me that
the captain studied

The at-| WR,
word.
sport!” he ended by ng t© me

   

N. LONGWORTH oN fitw
CORPORATION TAX.

 

To Tue Eprror or Tae Sun—Sir:
parentage, date of birth and the

?

sky sadiy. He must | motives of the progenitors of the legigla-

to be forgotten. Over and over again the | have thought, this old sailor, that the ocean | tion to regulate the affairs of State ovr.

beauty of it, the anguish, the enthusiasm, | ¥@® invulnerable no longer, and that the | porations and tax their

the triumph are reflected in the mind and in
the heart of onewho has had the rare good
fortune to have seen, to have a ded,
to have shouted in triumph and to have
wept with joy.

1 lived these momepte on the torpedo boat
L'Escopette, which was ordered to convoy
Biériot on his aerial voyage. Prompt,
resolute as ever, Biériot had decided at 3
o'clock in the morning to make the trip if
his preliminary test went well. Alfred Le
Blanc carried him off quickly to Les Ba-
raques in an sutomobile, while we hurried
on board the boat, where we found, with
Mme, Blériot, André Fournier, Gigot and
three comrades, including Frantz Reichel
of the Figaro and G. de Lafreté of the Echo
de Paria.

Without being in any way remarkable
the weather was nevertheless favorable.
The sea was glightly agitated by a land
breeze. In the east the red coloring an-
nounced the coming of sunrise. We cruised
in sight of Les Baraques near the sema-
phore that was to give the signal we had
agreed upon if Biériot was ready to etart.
From 4 o'clock to 4:25 we circled about.
Suddenly the vague outline of a bird showed
in the direction of Les Baraqnes. Biériot
was having his dress rehearsal. Then a
minute later the sailor on the mast made
out the signal.

Bliériot was ready: he was going to start. | tion of the amount. However this may be, | ‘h¢€ incomes of corporations, deapite
We atfll cruised, for Captain Piogter thought | there is no possible doubt as to the fact of | Supreme Court decisions of 1996,

that it was not yet time to put to sea.

Meanwhile the brilliant disk of the sun was
above the horizon. It threw a curious light
npon the scene. It was even ahead of the
scheduled time. It had been announced
for 4:35 o'clock, and here it was ten minutes
earlier. Nothing could be more accommo-
dating.

All of a sudden, at a moment when no one
was yet expecting it, I discovered the mono-
plane above the dunes.

man.
Every one rushed to the starboard rail and
turned their glasses in thie direction. Only

Mme. Biériot, standing in @ corner, did not | Deubtiess Mr. Sherman Has Been Mie-| 80, the country has made a

desire toseefor herself. Thisplucky woman,
who all through the morning showed mem-
orable courage in spite of our anxieties,
who couldsmile, even laugh, when she really
\ wanted to ery, broke down a little.
moment, she looked, watched, admired like
the rest of us.
It was truly splendid, and enthusiasm kept
s silent. The bird flew straight toward
e sea, it skimmed the cliffs of Sangatte.
It flew with speed that was disconcerting,
with a wonderful steadiness which gave an
impression of complete security.
We were making nineteen knots.
“Twenty-one knots!” shouted the captain.
e Eacopette bounded over the waves.
We were now on a line parallel to Biériot’s
course. But we did not seem to be gaining.
“Twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-five
knots!” thundered the captain successively.
The boat responded beautifully. It raced

sport of the air markéd the beginning of a

new period, of a grand epic, in which the

place of honor had been claimed by France.
inenntetenentisectnaentimncstomatets

The Index te Prosperity.
To tne Eorron of Tae Bux—Sir: A fair
index to prosperity is the increase of de-
posits in our savings institutions. On No-

vember 27 last the savings deposits in the

2,0f1 national banks of the United States

having savings departments amounted to
$321,562,080; these banks were ted on
June 78 last to hold $%90,406,608 of such de-

posite, thus showing ap increase in the seven
months of $48,031,918, or 14 per cent.

I believe that it is @ fair assumption that a
proportionate inorease of savings deposits
took place in the other 16,000 State institu.
tions throughout the United States receiving
such deposita. Admitting this to be true (and
T s¢@ no reason to doubt it) the remit would
be as follows: ~
Tota! savings deposits in al) banks in

the United States as per last year's

Increase, 14% per cent.........6...... 880,228,480
Present savings .............., + e+, 06,381 080,475

Is ft possible that in seven months we
have increased our savings more than $820,-
000,000? It seems incredible, yet the figures
are based on facts as regards @ goodly por-

our being the greatest savers on earth, and
that this quality of saving has been a po-
tent factor in making us the greatest nation
in the world—France, with her oft vaunted
gift of thrifty saving, must retire to a second
place.

“Tis true that we are often too free with
money and extravagant in spending it, yet
I can only repeat what I have previously
told your readers, ti we live better and
with more comfort and at the same time

@ world—bar none.
New Yore, August 5.

Wn. HannART.

 

quoted.

To THe Eprror or Tur Sun—Sir: In a

incomes will not
be a mystery if Mr. Longworth of Ohio

of last
knowledge that the regulation and
tax were in the mind of President Taf,
“before his inauguration,” and
mediately thereafter he “required
Attorney-General to draft a corporation
income tax device. Mr. James asked
why the corporation tax was not recom.
mended in the inaugural address instead
of a death tax to provide for
expenditures at Washington. was
no response! Mr. Longworth did, how.
ever, tell the House that he conveyed
corporation tax measure from the White
House to the Ways and Means
which rejectéd it, although the House
has since adopted it without adequate
debate,

The Spreckels case was decided iu iss,
and probably Mr. Taft had that decision
in mind when, in 1008, he launched at

o
=

|

Bath, Me., his Presidential candidacy and |

the opening of the tariff question asa part
one.

owever that may be, and whenever
the birth in Mr. Taft's mind of a tax on

Mu?

Longworth informed the House:

In evolving and advocating the passage of
law the President of the United States
deemed in the fullest measure his pledge
would during his administration proved
the paths blocked out by his predecessor;
he would use every effort to bring to his
their fullest fruition.

The tax is earmarked by Mr. Roosevelt's
son-in-law as the redemption of a pledge

_“'There it is, there itis!” I yelled likea mad ere more money, than any other nation in|t© continue that interference with the

industries of the country and the reserved
rights of the States which culminated in
the disastrous panic of 1907. If that be

" out of
the frying pan into the fire.” mp
Mr. Longworth correctly described the

recently published interview with Vice-| tax as on “the net income of all cor-

ont Sherman he |e quoted as saying | porations”
inatantly checking thia emotion of the firet that if there should be a tie in the Senate | Taft as a

he would vote for the adoption of the con-
ference report, and in the event of such a
contingency arising it would be the first
time in “forty years” that the Vice-Presi-

dent had been called upon to cast a deciding | !
vote. Vice-President Wheeler was the last |”

to do that, “back in the '60a,”
ien't Mr. Shefman a littie
dates? William A. Wheeler was Vice-
ident 1877-1881, and he lived not many
‘a home town. Evidently the
present incumbent of the Vice-President’s
easy chair is not very well posted on Amer-
ican history. M. K. Lewn,
Rocmegsten, Auguet 6.

Lord High Executioner, while his unani- | through the foaming waves. Ours was «|The Director-General of the Universe
mous Cabinet will act efficiently as Lord | keen race, but our handicap was too heavy.

High Everything Else.

“ There i¢ no rate in this bill too high for me.” --
Senator H&TBURN of Idaho.

Mr. Heveurx wae born that way-—in
Pennsylvania.

.

 

Mr. Ervest Flagg on Snow Removal.

To tm Evrror of Tae Scx—Sir: It may ap
pear a little unseasonable to speak of snow re
moval in August, but “in time of peace prepare
for war.”

Some years ago in Broad street | saw snow being
shovelied through the manholes into the sewer. In
looking down I could see quite a stream of water
flowing beneath, which carrfea tt off as fast as
thrown in.

This method was so effective, economical and
prompt that I have often wondered no one has sug-
gested its use. It seems to me that when the snow
is to be rémoved it would be an easy matier to
pump sufficient salt water through the sewers of |
the streets to becieaned and let it carry the snow |

to the rivers. |
'

The principal cost of snow removal is in the
carting; it,has to be hauled laboriousiy through
the uncleaned streets, generally for long distances,
to the dumps on the waterfront. The economy
of using the method | suggest would be great, as

most of the carting would be dispensed with, but | harbor

speed, case and promptness of removal woulg be
a sufficient recommendation for It.

We already have a high pressure salt water ser
vice in the downtown district which might readily
be connected to the sewers, and as this service ts |
extended through the eclty it could be made to
serve the double purpose of snow removal and fire
protection, to say nothing of sewer cleansing.

Almost every block hes one or more manholes
to the sewer In the centre of the street through
whieh the snow could be shove let, but even if it
was not thought practicable to flush ail the sewers,
an immense saving could be efected tf only the
princfpa! ones were used. I believe that the snow
could be removed In this way ip a quarter of the

time which it now takes and at @ quarter of the | & moment of agony never to be forgotten. | raui, put through fa
Otherwise there! of the carth. With perfection of measurement

preetnt cost. but the saving to the city treasury

would be but @ bagatelle compared to the gain to| would have been some one to expect us, to! came perfect accordance. The same road has| range in & report made to
reassure the wife who, although a little! been travetied in numberiess cases. We do

the community which would result from the al-

a cr

(we sought on ¢

lone had seen him!

Gracefully, obediently, responding in-
stantly to the will of ite pilot, Blériot's aero-
plane flew ahead without giving ite con-
voyers the slightest occasion for appre-
hension. We hoped that it might make
zigzage to keep its elevation. But Biériot
was already faraway. After halfan hour ost
sea he wae nothing but a black point on the
horizon; then he disappeared in the mist.

Five o’clock had come and we were atill
only half way across the strait. The min-
utes seemed like hours. We searched the
horizon in the hope of discovering some-

ing. Yes, there was something moving
west to east, something which looked
marveltously like the monoplane. Our
hearts stood still with fear. Leugh if you
will; that something, that line which moved
war a flight of ducks. The anguish had
been intense.

put us on the .rack.

sign.
ue.

ithe sea, had been seized by a current and no
What @ catastrophe, the

Althotgh our hearts contd by no possibility mies while going in

what a tragedy!
misgave us we put a good face on it.
drew near. Here

Dover

ia Africa.

To THE Epitor or Tuk SuN—Sir: Won't

you let me emit a whole whoop of joy? The | thelr business reatly ist

cause is thet Colonel Theodore Roosevelt

and intended by President
measure for “proouring a fea-
sonable supervision by the Government
of the corporations of this country." It
was not devised for revenue, but for po-

bit rusty as to| important questions that are before the

reasonable regulation of corporations.”
Then he put these interrogatories:

How can we legislate intelligently upoe this
subject’? How can we determine what
tions are managing their affairs
with due regard for the interests of the
How can we determine what
managing their affairs disbonestly and -
temptuous disregard for the public welfare
unless we have some means of ascertaining

the sheep from the goats unless we have some

has already started in to run Africa. See | MO8ns Outside of mere rumor, of judging which

daily reports from the bush.
I had bet half a doliar with a friend that

before Roosevelt was a month ih the Dark | Mr.

are the sheep and which are the goate?

“We"! “We"! Whoare we? Primarily
Longworth is one of twénty-one

Continent he would be advising the hippo-| from Ohio who have no more lawful

potami how toraise their young. He has gone
eo much further that my friend bas willin
paid the bet. You can safely bet on mega-
lomaniac developing meddle-and-muddlitis
at every opportunity.

Whoop la!
prophet.

New Yorg, Auguat 4.

RALeR TRELFORD.

 

Oditter Dicta.
To Tae Fotror ov Tas Sun Sir:

There was tle English coast at last, and | does not lie in Newton's law of gravitation: itlies| their property.
I sides some sign that might |!" Newton. We have the same trouble with the 4
But there was no such | Music of Wagner, the evolution of Darwin, the
Anxiety and anguish again ponsessed | Physiology of Osler, and te inventions of Erics-

If this man had suddenty fallen into |*"

If these men had kept their minds at peace with
the este btished order and walked uprightly before
Lord until they cameé to 4 lake which
that
direction, we should be organizing monster

would be a crowd upon the quays to signal | should not be forgotion that Newton was the
to us that the great deed had been done. | authar of alittie work entitied “Historical Account
Some little white clouds showed themselves | of Two Notable Corruptions of the Scriptures,”

against the opaque background.

“Some bombs have been fired!”
shouted.

We believed nothing: We knew nothing,
we waited in a state so nervous that nothing
—not even the thought that isi¢riot had suc-
ceeded could reassure us.

At last we were inside Dover harbor.

came toward us.

single cry of rejoicing came to us. It was

Biériot had not arrived!

mort !mmediate clearing of the streets after a snow- |} pale, still bore up bravely.

storn:. ERneeT Fiaca.

New Youre, August 4.

 

Thermal’s Delightfal Sammer.
To Tue Enron oF THe SuN—9r-:
Coachella Valley Submarine, which atyles itecif

The captain ordered his sailors to go and | for Eros, we do

get the news. They hastened away toward
the Admiralty buildings, then after a minute
one of them waved his handkerchief as a

From the | sign of success.

The triumph was certain. No one could

the “most low down newspaper on earth, pub-jigonger doubt it. Then with the same

shed 122 feet below sea jevel,” at Thermal, Cal.,

in the Imperial Valley regions of Hades, I excerpt} snouts of joy, in hurrahs that reached the | ceria! ia Tas Sun of August 1 on “The Thirteen | through the coyotes heading

the following: “Average maximum tempera-
ture for the week ending July 17, 108.8 degrees:
average humidity fer same period and date,
0.16; oMelal United States report.” Editorially
the Submarine complacentiy remarks: “The
month of June and thus far in July (24th) goes on
record as the most delightful summer wegther
enjoyed in this valley for several years past.”
This record of heat out there makes me rise to
inquire what raiment Mr. Ernest Flagg woulda
recommend in the premises. ANKIOvs.
New Yors, August 3.

 

Good News.

Oh, the lovely bits of news

In the WAfralds and Gazoos

That we cagerly peruse

Lest some item we shall loset
Peter Boggs arrives at Dover,
Stopping at the Hotel Clover;
Mrs, Slamm and family
Are at Stubbhurst by the Sea;
Hiram Wiggies of Champlain
Has arrived at Hokus, Maine;
Susan Brown of Dexter, Mass.,
‘Takes 4 prize for apple sase:
At the Oakhurst In the Pines
May be seen the Misses Shines,
Colonel Bunkum of Quebec,
And the Shelbies of Coheck;
Thomas Binks, and brother Bill,
Spent last night at Waterville;
Stopping at the Alcazar
Mra. Spuitds and motor car:
Mabel Winks and Sallie Hicks
Sundayed with the Siatherwicks;
Reverend Hike of Michigan
Has arrived at Skowegan;
Major Squill of Togus, Conn.,
Won the Mugg¢ins marathon
At the Tip Top Mountain House,
Where he’s stopping with bis spouse:
Louts West, HM. Peter Jones,
Mamie Philibert, Horace Bones,
Joseph Dubbins, Henry Gobba,
Doctor Smythe, James William Bobbs,
Churehil! Spriggins, Nelson Green,
Angie Angel, Linda Lean
Aad B. Watkins Vanderbrown
Registered at Provincetown;
High school nine at Scituate
Beat the bellboys ten to eight —

So it goes all through the land;

From the mountains and the strand

Comes the news all glorious

Of the world’s illustrious.

What 4 boon to us who toll

‘Mid the city’s mur and moll

‘Thus to read the information

So important to the nation!

What relief for us to hear

Major Biubb is at Revere,

And to know that Bilthers Punk

Has arrived at Keanebunkt

Hosace Dovp Gasrrr.
ar

4

rapture we and the sailors broke out in

old wall of Dover Castle.

The success was complete.
riot!" “Hurrah for Biériot!”
tain's cabin we reassembled again,
like children and laughing to excuse our-
selves for that moment of weakness which
brought us back to earth.

But on the quay by the ratiroad station
there ia some one moving. some one mak-
ing signs. It js Blériot, who comes to find

“Vive Bl4-
In the cap-

It
Mercury has so far proved tro
seemed like a city of the dead. Not @ boat} 1... on Newton's first calculation of the moon's | mountain Hons have fallen before

From the quays not & | rai coward the earth fatied completely to con-

which affected very seriously the foundation of

we | the Trinity. Daudet has given us a very lively

account of a mule owned by «a distinguished
ecclesiastic which waited many years for an op-
portunity but got a kick at his tormentor at last.

see Tr
it true that the motion

form to bis theory, not

knew accurately the mass of Mercury, and

planet or a palr of egg shaped twins;
qreat fact remains that the universe is

Wasaiwoton, August 3.

 

An Unpaid Geverament Painter.

Marine Masterpieces” offered to the Govern-
ment for, as you say, “the bagatelle of $250,000,"

i could hu@ myself as a| Russian Duma.

authority to control thé property or the

8!Y | affairs of New York corporations than

have the New York Representatives to
manage Ohio corporations, or has the
“We” may includé, eéo-
ondarily, all members of the House, but

stand, the Taft corporation tax echeme as,
Mr. Longworth has described it cannot
stand.

There was no need of injecting the cor-
poration tax into the Senate ia order to

they | kill the Bailey-Cummins income tax. The

President could have given that ite coup

perhaps We | celebrations in their honor instead of attempting | de grace by threat of a veto, as he man-
even if ft cost much more than at present, the |should learn something. Perhaps there | to pelittie, muddle or destroy thelr work. It | jpulated the tariff echedules.

° A Weary Jurisconsuta,
New York, August 5.

 

Wild Beast om Oregon Ranges.
From the Oregon Journal.

Reports just oor ore ene
tale is very enlightening to these who can | the forest service te special
= ' . penne ane out oo —— SS spe ing
f the apsides of | by the ce were ¢ immense
STusome: it is also | Sheep and cattle ranges. Bears, coyotes end
their guns and
poison traps with great certainty, and for the
ause the theory wan at first time In many years the ranges look to be at
knowledge of the size | east partially cleared of wild beasts.
One hunter employed on the Fremont national
the forest service
not | tells that in the period between Marcts 15 and
as | June 30 he killed 6 oF Sn
w wl Another hunter on lowa forest
yet Sole ben oe reserve during the month of May killed six large
bears, while still a on the same forest meade
away with twenty-six coyotes.

by law, which is very amazing to the littie folk. aguees ons ~_
of animals destroyed, for many of them die in
thelr holes and in heavy undergrowth near the
rivers. A poisoned animal immediately tries
To Tus Borron or Tas Sun—%ir: The edi- | to get to water, and meny of the scalps are lost
for the rivers and

dying in the beavy underbrush near by.
It is estimated that a coyote at large in 4 sheep
makes me ask if it would be possibie to enlist | raising country is responsible for a loss of from
b9 but GD of thom are Billed ts Ore”

the sympathies of the Hon. Chauncey Mitchell | $100 to $150.
wernsng Depew and the Hon. Jacob Van Vechten Olcott | gon this year, and It seams probable tha

#0 far as to induce them before pushing their | of them will be, {t means « saving of nearty $06,-
bills for the purchase of “this ominous number | 000 to the sheep and cattic raiter.

of pigmental imaginings” to introduce bilis in
their respective chambers to the end that Mr.
Albert Operti might be pafd for his historical

“The Rescue of ine Jeannetic” and

out—every one in his tarn—where hie wife eae. Kane sbandoning the brig Aa-

cay be. vance.

Ts the help of two fishing boats we go| ‘These pictures were painted about twenty-
alongside the quay and greet him. Then | qnree years ago on order of the then Sec!
we all have the pleasure of embracing this | retary of the Navy, have ever since beon in pos-
remarkable man and of giving him the kiss | session of the Government, and although unpaid
of friendship, which men exchange only | for have been proudly shown as part of the navy
because it is genuine, real, sincere, Then | exhibit at all great expositions since heid.

we weep again like great big children. The
Englieh who assist at this little family scene
stand in silent amazement.

This time there is no doubt about the
triumph, We all go to the Warden Hotel,
and there Biériot is assailed by a crowd of
people who want to see him, to get hia sig-
nature as a souvenir, who
know his impressions.

Ah, even I was great in my turn. Know-
ing a little English 1 became the interpreter,

and happy, as 4 Frenchman, to glorify | ountvate the lands

manifested in
are anxious to a? )

Low A. Da Comma,
New Yors, August 4.

 

Vankes Machines for Mesopotamia.
From Daily Consular and Trade Reports.
Consul-General G. B. Ravadal of Betrut finds
that interest in agricultural machinery ts being
the regions of HMautan (south
. Bekeae (Cocle-Syria), and the

ee ee

Simpil fed Spelling—Conge or Kengo ?
From the Comgreestenal Reeord.
APPAIRG IN THE KOWGO.

<

following from the President of the
United States (S. Doo. No. 147), which was read
and, with the accompanying to

to be printed: aiih
“To the Senate and House of Represent: a:

“1 tranamit for the information of the Congress
areport by the Secretary of State, with accompany-
ing correspondence, touching the condition of
affairs in the Kongo. Ww. M, Tarr.

“Tae Warre Hovss, July 20, 1908.

ne

Nicknames of London Cabmen.
From the London Chronicte.

Orontes Valley. Emigration to America and| One wonders if the spruce taxieab drivers will
other foreign countries has caused a rise of wages | ever riot in such a wealth of nicknames as tie old
for farm labor which renders it impracticable to? ime horsed cabmen. Before us lies the list of the

on former lines. A

Biériot,.1 did not hesitate to tell of hie life, | anded proprietor near Homs, im the Orontes
hia atudies at L' Ecole Centrale, his acetylene | vatiey, having learned of the success of farming which is under the kindly patronage of the King.

lights, his beginning in aviation, bis trials, | operations in the Cilician plains in the Adana And the picturesque nickname crops up.

ted annultants of the Cabdrivers
Sencretans Acsoctetion, an admirable {netitution

“Trust

hie disappointments and his triumph. | region in consequence of the intreduction of | in Providence.” one notes, hae secured the highest
While we were thus holding a little seasion } British steam ploughs, states that he is prepared his real name is Muston. “ Mickey ” (how

thete was a call on the telephone from
Calais

to set aside 1,000 acres or more and give two-thirds
of the crop for the first year to an American con.

. » been decorated! You have been | cern which will work {t along modern lines, and
You have been bee that he will buy the machinery used at the ond of | mostly of an obvious origin. But one is curious
the season, provided it operates satisfactorily, A | io know how Thomas Reeves earned his distine |
demand for machinery having once been created tive titte of “Tommy the Pigeon Flyer.”

decorated!” some one called to Biériot.
The new Chevalier was extremely happy.
The Minister had had a brilliant idea.
Madame Biériot, always forehanded, drew
out of her little bag « scarlet riband which

In the Orontes Valley !t would spread into Mesopo-
tamie. Agricultural machinery could casity pe
traneperted from the Aleppo Railroad to the

she affectionately fixed in her husband's | ». onrates River and floated on rafts to Faloudja,

buttonhole.
tion followed. That of Latham was firat.

“Cordial congratulations. Hope to fol-

| low you soon,” said he. '

The flight of Biériot had entirely upset
the English at Dover. The custom house
official rushed to the spot wheré the bird
was resting.

“Fortunately,” said he, “machines like
this do not pass every day. What should I
do then? What should I become?”

On the rudder of the aeroplane some one
wrote, “Bleriot est un brave homme,”
probably meaning to say that the aviator
was “un homme brave.”

On board the boat which was taking as
back toward the French coast I told the

The messages of congratula- | o: eight hours from Ragdad.

 

The Maiden's Seashore Praver.
“What are you thinking of?” aalg be,
“Why do you deeply sigh?

do you coin it out of Albert Alezander*); tl
Pry ot Chalk Farm”; “ Teddy Dempster, Lang-
ham Renk” “ Old Charile "—suek Hke names are

 

Discrimtmating Boston.
From the Boston Herald.

Boston's careful discrimination in literary mat
tere is revealed by « sign displayed not mote @s8
half o mile from the Pubiloc Library: * Books and
novels sotd here.”

 

A Poestttve Fact From Pte Afiey.
To Tas Eorton or Tan Son—Sir: ‘The jov of
Mayor of Boston te harder that that of Preaidest
BosTom, August PIs ASAaT,
LTD
Literary Origins.
Geldamith had just written the “Deserted

"Got the ides trom with Congress
adjourned,” he
Mareupon all

vi

thought it mildly drewe, smut f

-

   
    
  
  
      
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
      
  
  
  
 
   
     
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
   
    
    
      
    
    
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
    
    
 
  
    
 
  
   
 
  
 
    
   
     

SSS oo Ss ££ ae ewe ws ee oS

=

Oedaowe

BSQcrFas SSSSTSsSB SPS FAZEF_ BF F2SSe AypvesSzs> 4429 we

ae

*

=F
=

      
 

Fs,

      
 

55

    
         
   
       
       
     
     
        

     
    

5 bee. € £#STeF7_F

          
   
         
       
    
   

    

   

=
z.

   

3

    

   

EE

        
 
 

=