ihe

 

 

strong position. With an arbitration of all
differences pending, the firm and |t# men are
proceeding harmoniously about their business
If Mr. Mitehell were to be so badly advised as
to atternpt interference with this
ment it inevitably would put him and the cause
he represents in a disadvantageous position
Mr. Mitchell did not Issue his promised state-
ment on the Markle situation to-day, but the
strikers generally take the position that the

number of mer

taken is without elanificance

After calling upon the Governor and Gen
Gobin last night for military assistance in Lu-
verne county Sherif! Harvey reconsidered
his action to theextent of asking that the sending
of troops be temporarily suspended. In con-
saquence of this the Twelfth Regiment, which
was under marching orders, was held at Shen-
andoah. The Sheriff has been assured that at
the firat outbreak of violence ina form beyond
his control troops will be instantly set in motion
Arrangements for traina have been
made and a force can be cancentrated at any
place with very little delay

So far as outward appearances go there is
little externa! indication that a strike is in
progress. At Jeddo itis, and has been from the
first, as quiet as a country village should be
Here in Hazleton there are idle men lounging
in the streets in considerable numbers, and there
are many of the slouchy blue uniforms of the
coal and iron police to be seen, but a stranger to
the situation and to the town would hardly guess
that anything out of the ordinary was going on.
Bhenandoah, owing to the presence of the mill-
tary, bas a sort of gala, country-town-on-fair-
day appearance. The striking Lithuanians are
scattered about everywhere in sullen groups,
but there is not a better behaved town tn all
America than is now that toughest of tough
places, Shenandoah.

The Lattimer mines are etill running on and
here in Hazleton, right under the nose of the
strike headquarters, the Hazle mine continues
to work and continues to be a thorn in the
labor agitators’ side There was @ rumor
that the Hazle men were to have a meeting to-
day, similar to that held on last Wednesday
at Jeddo, which Mr, Mitchell tried and failed
to stampede. When this rumor reached strike
headquarters Benjamin James, the Lehigh
colossus, and Dilcher, the well-nourished
and oheerful agitator from Nelsonville,
Ohio, started out to capture it It was
an up hil and a hot walk in the
broiling sun to the schoolhouse where it was
reported the meeting was to be held. When
James and Dilcher got there they found twenty-
seven reporters and five or six batteries of
cameras massed on the scene of action, but no
Hazle miners. They were all down in the
mine digging out coal, the Hazle miners If
they had an underground meeting they had tt
all to themselves and
oratory. Pilcher addressed the reporters and
camera men briefly on their wrongs, and then
everybody had his picture taken and the meet-
ng adjourned,

special

arrange- |

who took part in the Jeddo |
roeeting to-day was so small that any action |

Sn sess esoesssiesesieeceesnennnsenetemisiisiasinesnisesiies

beyond the reach of |

Mr. Dilcher in a speech he made yesterday |

pinned the miners’ colors to the mast

‘What the miner wants out of the twenty-four |

hours,” said he, “is six hours’ work, three hours
at meals, three hours In his garden, three hours
in his library and the nine bours sleepy which
the Lord tntended he should have.” That ia
the platform on which Mr. Dilcher stands and
he gets something like $25 a week from the
atrike organization for doing it

As a matter of course a situation Iike this
in the anthracite region has drawn hither all
the buzzards of anarchy than can get transpor-
tation and they have been swarming here for
a week just as they began swarming
{nto Croton until Roe made the
phere of the place unpleasant for them A
strange figure that has been flitting here and
there all through the regions when there seemed
a chance for a riot, is Mother Jones, of Chicago
Agitation of the rampant kind {s her specialty

past

wen Atmos-

and this she combines judic.ously with the
aale of certain works of Chicago origin which
are in line withthe propaganda that led to

the Hayinarket tragedy. She does not) count
very heavily with the striking miners, howe
ever, but that in no manner checks her in-
duatry

In general terms !t may be said that the
whole strike situation lines up with but a trifling
gain for the strikers over their position a week
ago, and the indications rather trend toward
the probability of a more of lesa protracted
siege under statu quo conditions

DOWN READING'S

 

CLOSING WINES.

Less Than One-Half of the Outpat of the
Company Heing Sent to Tidewater.

ReapinG, Pa, Sept 26—The work of spread-
ing the coal strike to-day in the anthracite
regions was confined largely to the Reading
company's territory south and west of Shenan-
doah and Mahanoy City This territory ex-
tends east and west forty miles, the extreme
western point being Westbrookside and Tower
City, where there are three collieries and from
which about 800 cars of coal come dally At
Ashland, Girardville, Minersville and other
places this side of Broad Mountain the Reading
company's ten amaller collieries are at work

1 Srs has it on indub

‘
Ce eee

   

doubtedly an attempt had been made to de-
stroy the bretter which is one of the largest in
the valley. He had found a large amount of
waste, used for wiping machinery, thoroughly
saturated with oll The waste was stowed
away under the stairs leading up into the
breaker and was placed in such a manner that
fire once started would gain headway rapidly.
At the foot of the stairs he found several half-
burned matches. These were evidently the
ones the roaen had used in trying to find their
way and by the light of which the watchman
discovered ther

The Avoudale breaker of the Delaware and
Hudson Coal Company
last night. Two frame houses neatly caught
fire, and bad it not been for the Plymouth Hose
Company's volunteering their aid the breaker
would have been burned also

The exodus of men from here to the soft
coal region ts still troubling the unions, and
ill-feeling has occurred, particularly over the
action of President Mitchell in giving the soft
coal agents permission to visit the unions and
talk to the men. President Mitchell to-day
repliea to the letter from the General Council
in this city and says that the agents represent
union mines where they pay union wages and
where there ts no strike, and there is no reason
why they should not try to obtain workmen

A special meeting of the council was held to-
day to discuias the question, and it waa reported
that the soft coal companies, represented by
the two men over whom the dispute arose, do
not pay regularly and that their men are some
weeks behind in receiving wages. The council
decided to warn the miners here against acoept-
ing the offers of work and to do all it could to
discourage the general desire of the men to
leave this region

The men employed at the Reynolds &
Moyers washery at Plymouth Joined the strikers
to-day and said they desired to become members
ofthe union. The other washeries at Newtown
worked with half a foros and at Lucerne with
a full force. At Pittston the washeries were
idle owing to a break in the machinery.

Lehigh region coal t# still coming here but
the railroad men are expected to take some
action on the matter before long. The strikers
are using what influence ther can with them.

The officers of the Ninth Regiment, although
notified to he ready to respond should it come,
do not expect an order to take the fleld. They
say the foree at Shenandoah can be so divided
as to cover the entire disaffected region effec-
and that there seems to be no danger

generai outbreak,

OPERATORS MUST FAT HUMBLE PIE.

tively
of any

Labor Leaders Say Concessions Must Come
Before and Not After the Miners Go Back,
ScRANTON, Pa, Sept 26 —The report that

the intend to offer

the men go back to work, but will not recognize
seems to have been misunderstood
geneca'ly There is no intention onthe part
of the operators to put forth this proposition
as an inducement for the men to go to work

Thev would regard such an action as @ con-

eras} uw might befmisunderstood as a sign

But the correspondent of THE

table authority that the

operators have decided to make concessions
when the men will have gone to work of their
own aceord Thece concessions, as was stated
yesterday, include a reduction in the price of
powder which the operators reward as neugs-
aary to modity nubli epinior

This question was asked Secretary Denipsey,
who isin charee of the Wyoming district head-
quarters of the United Mine Workers

If any one or more operators should agree
fo make concessions to their men would the
men be allowed to @o back to work?”

President Mitehell las expressed the po-
sition on that subieet,” returne | Mr Dempaey

Mr Mitchell has agreed to stand aside and let

the operators treat with their men regardicas

of the United Miners organization, but he askea

operators conces ions if

the mon

 

of weakness

that the operators make their agreement be-
fore the men go back

Mr Dempsey repeated that the operatora
must make concessions first, and these con-

 

 

ceasions must cover all grievances

HAZLETON REGION QUIFT.

No Dimination tn the Namber of Colltertes at
Which the Miners Are Working.
Hazueton, Pa., Sept. 28—All the colliertes
which worked veasterday worked to-day with
the exception of G. B. Markica & Co., which
closed down at the request of their employees,
that they and deliberate on the

might meet

} reply of the firm to their grievances, submitted

vesterday. As related elsewhere the men
met to-day, accepted the arbitration propoal-
tion of the firm and will return to work to-
morrow. On the south side another colliery
was obliged to down. This was the
amall Morgan colliery, where Organizer James
succeeded in getting the men to quit. The
colliery is one of the smallest in the region,
supplying only local trado

On the north elde the strike situation re-
mains the sae The break In the machinery
of the Sandy Run breaker has not been re-
paired and the colliery thecefore was idle
Upper Lebigh has made no attempt to resume
operations and will probably be shut down for
The Cross Creek Coal Company's

close

some time

|; Oollleries kupt af work, with a slight increase

|

short handed About 400 cars were mined
to-day, or 700 in all, equal to about 18,000 tona |
of coal At Tower City fifty young men signed

papers to join the Miners’ Union. They will
have 100 young men by to-morrow who will
strike for sympathy. There ts no strike there

yet. The older miners will not strike, but the |
younger element wil) likely go out. They
are the breaker boys When they go out the

work of the atrike will then have heen begun
in the West End, where 2.500 men and boys are
at work The town officials have stopped
publie and political meetings at sore remote
places

In the eastern district of the Reading ter-
ritory there was a meeting to-night at Minera-

 

ville Mother Jones and Organizer Hoerris
spoke. About 3,500 people are emploved in
the mines in that region. The collieries are
Lyttle, Oakhill, Glendower, Glen Carbon, Tay-
lor, Phenix Park No. 8, Branchdale, Pine Dale,
Pine Hill, Silverton and East Ridge. They

will likely follow the West Fnd in any break
The Bast colliery miners, in the Ashland district,
voted to strike, but worked to-day Potts
coliiery and Locust Gap were also at work,
but the labor leaders say the men are ready
to quit just as soon as Minersville goes out
It appears to be understood that the Reading
district south and west of Broad Mountain
will keep on working short-handed until the
labor organization is thorough, and then the
men will quit in a body
Where the Reading company mined 44,200
tons of coal y just before the strike, they
are now mir but 18,000 tons. Shipments
of all anthraci tidewater from all points
, Pennsyl-
car Lehtgh
850 cars, Read-
1, 1,850 cars, or 48,100 tons
t, all told
mead at

laces

   

 
  
 

 

 

as follows

is estimated
vania
Valley

 

Rallroad

230 cars; Jers

upany, S00
ey Central

 
  
 

Mahanoy City,
Some additional

 

  

coal Washerie t losed The military had
little to do but to march on the dusty reads
Efforts to magr miners’ assaults int@ riots
failed Conserva » observers predict that
not eight colleri f the Reading will be in
operation by the close of the week, and they

 

 

up A telegram sent out from
effect that the Readng
had reinstated the bro

b discharge I

may be all tive
Shamokin was to the
Railroad Company

hood men who had
company would re * the uni
Superintendent Be of the Reading company
said that he knew nothing about such an order

      

   

 

 

TRIED TO BURN A COAL BREAKER.

 

Incendiary Attempt at the Laflin Coal Com-
pany's Plant—The Miners’ Exodas.
WILKES-BAkKE, Pa, Sept 26.--An attempt
was made yesterday tnorning to burn the big
coal breaker of the Laflin Coal Company at
Lafiin, eight miles from here, but the watch-

man detected it, and after an exchange of
shots, frightened away the incendiarle The
watchman, Henry Jones, while making the
rounds with his lantern about

morning, discovered two men 1
the underpinning of +

 

 

Hghting matches and hy ‘ kering fla

in the darkness He ae ay towaid
the place w t

forty feet an the en disc ered hii and
began to rur ting aes the el

One of the bullets crashed t
whieh he carried on his arm

When morning came Jones reported the oc
currence. Reese G. Brooks, president of the

company, vigited the breaker and made a per-
eonal tneee@e at: Mr. ir

rough a lantern

ks said that

; Hartline

in its foree

Cranberry ilery of A. Pardee & Co. and
Lattimer, operated by C. Pardee & Co
The raid which it had been feared would |

|
|

had a narrow escape |

—————$— ——_$___.
SE

| coal

that no injustice was dove to them by the |
\ he said, |
shall be shipped from our sec- |

; Oarloads of soft ooal i

 
   
    

     

was not fic He was oustained by
Ju Woodw and n were discharge

ng afgu ment attorneys for the
8 repared proper warrants, and when

the strikers left the Court House Gallagher
we ain arrested and a hearing arranged for
this afternoon. _When the time came, however,
Attorney H. A. Fuller, acting for Sheriff Hardy,

qpaounnee that the prosecution would be
ropped, providing the men went home and
behaved maelves. This they agreed to do

The unton, however, t# chagrined at not getting
a decision regarding the rights of the men to
march he same stand, doubtless, will be
taken as before, that the men have the right to
march, and the marohes will be continued

ALL THE CHURCH IN THE STRIKE.

Membrrs of the Greek Congregation Will Sell
Ther Charoh Rather Than Give In,

SHAMOKIN, F Sept. 26.—The most im-
portant strike development in this section is
the action of the 1,000 members of the Greek
Church here and of their pastor, the Rev. John
C. Konstanklevicg. The pastor gave {It out
this afternoon that the members of his con-
gregation, which owns church property amount-
ing to $25,000, were on #rike and would remain
out until a peaceable settlement is reached
In case the strike is prolonged for many mont
and the miners begin to suffer from bungef,
he said his people would mortgage the church

roperty to the last cent and divide it among

Pre sufferers, If the strike continues when
this money has been exhausted and the op-
erators carry out their threata to flood the
mines, his people will depart from this town,
leaving church, mines and everything. It is
rumored that the Hungarians, Slavonians and
Poles are contemplating adopting similar
means to meet the trouble,

 

 

BANDS TO DROWN AGITATORS' VOICES.

Miners Who Didn't Want to Strike Prevent
Labor Leaders From Speaking.

SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 26--An attempt was
made to hold @ mass meeting at Trevorton
last night under the auspices of the United
Mine Workers of America. Four leaders from
here addressed the men urging them to strike
When the miners who did not want to strike.
heard of this they hired two bands These

raded up and down the streete and gave a
Free concert to annoy the speakers and also

attract the people from the mass meeting
The North ‘rankiin codiiery is situ-
ated there. When the colliery started up

this morning all of the men and boys, num-
bering 500, reported for duty. This mine, be-
long! to the Philadelphia and Reading Ratl-
road Company, is the only one in the Ninth
district working withallthemenonduty Th->

strikers from here and other parts of the dis- |

trict recognize that they have @ hard fight on

hind to induce the Trevorton men to join the |

army of idle miners The [Locust Spring col-
llery, operated by the Reading company, near
Locust Gap, worked with about 600 men and
boys to-day out of a total of 1,400

COAL STORED IN MIDDLESEX.

New Jersey Has Nearly Half the Reserve An-
_ thractte im the East.

New Bavneawicn, N. J., Sept. 26.--Stored tn
Middiesex county, within twelve miles of this
city, is nearly one-half of the supply of the re-
rerve anthracite o al in the Last. It te dix
tributed as follows South Plainfleld, 810,000
tons; Bo: h Amboy, 840.000 tona, and Perth
Amboy, 300,00) tons Much of this is inim-
mense piles at South Plainfleld and South Am-
boy T’ @ best eg@ and nut coal may be bought
bere at #425 aton It is $i to$2 4 (on dearer in
other Jersey oities, A local coal war, inangura-
ted by the Mies Ross Company, influences
these iow prices,

 

SOFT COAL MBN MAY STRIKE.

Announcement That They Will Not Allow
Bitaminous Product to Be Shipped Here.
PHILADELPAIA, Sept. 26.-John H. Atkin-

aon, who ia well known !n the Monongahela

region of this State, was here this
and said he was on his way to Hazleton where,
as @ represeitative of the soft coal miners

of the southwest counties, he would confer |

with President Mitchell of the United Mine

Workers. He said that hard coal miners had
the eympathy of the miners of bituminous
and that he had been appointed to see
Western men, “We have decided,”
‘that no co
tion until thid affair is setued
“Will the soft coal miners unite with the
hard coaj miners?”

“That is the intention if they ship soft coal
into the cities to take the place of hard coal and
defeat the object of the strike,” he replied, “It
will not be allowed and we have decided on that,
It ts very plain also that we mean business and
that our ay;mpathy {4 practical, They sent xix
Scranton on Monday
to be used by industrie# there that have been

| burning hard coal, and Idon't think it will get

The same was the oase with the |

be made on this latter coliiery at an early hour |

this morning, and becauseof which poasibilit the
Sheriff had telegraphed to the Governor and to
Gen Gobin for troops, did not take place The

news had got about last night that militia would
get here in the course of the night, and that,
no doubt, had a great deal to do with tne fact
that Lattimer was rot disturbed, In reference

to this matter of getting troops here in case
of necessity Shert Harvey said this morn-
ing

It is a fact that I called upon the Governor
for help T have since been in communicatior
with him and also with Gien Gobin, who aa-
sures me ti.at on the slightest overt act or the
unlawful assemblage of men he will have
troops here in an hourortwo He also assures
me that they will remain here until! all trouble
is over There were no riotous demonatrations

    
  

 

of any kind hereaLouts AY exce}t that
some men tried to stop others frorn going to
work at one of the Le} Valley breakers
They were arrested by ers Treseott and

McCall and arraigned before Alderman I.au-
bach where they gave their names as Joseph
Gettinger, John Lincoln and C. O'Donnell
They were charged with unlawful assemblin,
on Lehigh Valley coal company property anc
with intimidating workmen Aas there was not
sufficient evidence to hold them, the Magis-
trate dischar@eit them Supt Kudlich of the
Prifton collierles, who { been charged by
one Peter Gallacher with having used abusive

 

 
   

language to hir s fine’ @5 for the alleced
offence by Alderinan Fallon to-day. The
fine was paid and that ended the matter

UNANIMOUS AGAINST A STRIKE,

Men of Lykens Valley Meet and Refuse to
Fleed the Appeal! of Acitators,

   

Harnnisnina, I Sept 28 Desperate ef-
forts are being made to indnee the 1.200 miners |
at Willi wn to in the strikers in the
Lykens To-night another big meet-

ing was held in the town
harangued the
his

An agitator named

large crowd for

hour But audience was clearly agair

' him and manifested thetr opposition repeatedly

lon the public Nighwa)s wa

| Brook, had

When Hartline left the stand Father Ioague
made an address, counselling the men not to
strike and denouncing the interference of out-
siders. He was cheered heartily, and the
men, when the question was put, voted to a
man against 1 strike

THE RIGHT OF MINERS TO MARCH.

Ab Expected Raling From the Beach That
Was Not Given,

WITRFS-Barre, ia
t

Sept. 26.--The question
of the striking miners to march
not settled by the
to-day It expertad that Judge
Woodward, before whom Gallagher,
and Cull, the strikers who were arrested yes-
fa, were taken would give an opinion on
Inot hay heoppertunit
charced * to an ir ft'-

The onion had arranged

of the mz

eourt

wax

the matter but hed

45 the men’s locals at Silver
engaged attorneys. These man-
et the men out of Jail last night and
with them before th» SX
The commitment merely charged
ni §ttorney shea for the men
not eno and that the

uni Dnere. @ vel

aged to
& Per
mornne

sys igh

Brennan |

d the General Council of the |

an |

 

| which

upments thie way of soft coal
have been normal. Our miners organization
has nothing to say to that, but if anything
extraordinary is done they will stop {t by going
out. The country ts much concerned in this
strike and organized labor wants to see the
miners win, as it is @ great battle”

ALTOONA, Pa., Sept. 26.—The officials of the
United Mine Workers of District No, 2 say
they have evidencethatthe bituminous coal
reaching Flazelten and Scraiton is being loaded
in this fleld in deflance of the miners’ bovcott,
Although the big corporations in this region
strenuously dany that they are supplying
the anthracite markets, the conviction remains
in the miners’ minds t) .t there is trickery
somewhere, The men poi. ( out that they are ina
degree helplew to prevent such shipments
At prevent, since they cannot follow each car,
Mine sh'pmenta mav be manifested to Altoona,
Harrisbiire or Philadeiphia and through pointa
and reshipped to any foreigo purchaser who haa
the cash in hand. The men helieve that some
thing like this is being done to-day An ngree-
ment has heen reached between l’resident Wil-
son of this distriet and President Mitchel] of the
anthradte fleld by which bituminous shinments
be traced to collieries from
they started. The detective work will
be done in the anthracite field and retribution
in this region will be awift and effective, for
President Wilson hae $0,000 men back of him
who ara ar to tle up any colliery detected
in supplving the anthracite markets In a day

The Altoona operators, feartul of labor com-
plications, have thus far resolitely refused
to fill anthracite ficld orders They eay if
any shipments have been sent Faat from this
field they came from non-union corpera-
tions or amall operators who have nothing
to lose from labor troubles

AUTOMOBILES FOR STRIKERS.

off the cars

   
 

 

ire to

Tabor Leader Mahon, Who Failed to Make
Trouble Here, Has a Scheme With Wheels.

W. D. Mahon, President of the Amalgamated
Agsociation of Street Railway Employees, who

came on here from St. Loula several years ago |

and made an unsuccessful attempt to start a
branch of his organization in New York, has
issued a circular to all the street railroad unions,
advising them to make arrangements for buying
automobiles for use during strikes. His plan is

for the unfons to run the automobiles in com- |

petition with the street railroads during strikes
The Executive Board of his organization has
taken action on the automobile question

‘We are now,” he gays, "getting figures from
various automobile companies, and as soon
ae waster Acker assurances cat: be given that
the automobile can carry @ reasonable num-
ber of nassengers, tlans covering the entire
proposition will be submitted to the local untona
for a vote of all our members

As far as can be learned Mabon has not suc-
ceeded in getting any of the street railroad
menin New York or Brooklyn to Join his union
The men here reward him asa very light weight
The laat heard of him in this city was several
monthe ago When he was reported to have
come to see the late Master Workman Pines
of District Assembly 75, K. of I., relative to
alleged troubles between the Brooklyn trolley
men and the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com-
pany Pines did not see him and a few days
afterward he turned upin St Lonia

JAPANESE TEA CROP SHORT

San Francisco Experts Estimate a Falling Off
of 4,400,000 Pounds—Prices Advance,
San Francisco, Sept 26--The shortage in
the Japanese tea crop this season is estimated
by experts here at 4,400,000 pounds, and prices
have already advanced from 10 to 25 per cent
Charles B Platt, a large importer, said to-day

The first crop of Japan tea showed a short. |

to drought of 30.009 piculs, and a

1-2 pounds The second and third
leo et off by lack of rain, and there

age owing

Pleul is
cTops wer

 

 

 

is now an @etiinated total shortage in the supnly
of Japan tea r im of not less than 2%.0¢0
pieuls. The prices for Japan teas have ad-
vanced largely, running from three centa to
five cents per pound, or from 10 per cent to 25
per cent

Tmporters also expect large orders from
Russia, which has been cut off from Chinese
ten caravans by the war

Stops the Couch and
Works Off the Cold.

Laxsative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure « cold in@ne
Gay. NoOure, No Pay. Price 26 cents.-Ads

De Yeu Want te Hire
a Fiat, Apartment or Dwelling? Consult Tre Sty'a

Real beiste coltumps The most desivable offerings
areto bef liherein. -Ade.

morning |

  
   
  

| COAL MEN AT J. P. MORGAN'S.

NO SETTLEMENT OF THE STRIKE AS
WALL STREET HAD IT.

It Settied, but Noth-
Srchbishop Ryan
Olyphant and

Arbitration,

large Interests Want
ing Yet Accomplished
Did Not See Presidents
Traesdale or Sugeest
An informal conference to consider the coal
strike and the feasibility of settling it was held
yesterday at the office of J, P. Morgan & Co.,
and was attended by a number of the anthra-
Morgan him-

|
|

cite railroad presidents. Mr

self ia heavily interested in several of the lead-

ing anthracite coal roads Among those |
who are known to have talked with |
him regardng the situaton are Pres dont

fruesdale of the Delaware, Lacka
Presi-

William H
wanna and Western Railroad Company
dent FE. B. Thomas of the Erie Railroad Corn-
pany. and President George F. Baker of the

Central Railroad of New Jerrey and the D. I.

& W. Other men interested in anthracite rail-

roads saw Mr. Morgan, but who they were was |

anthracite

not learned. Two of the roads,
nemely

however, were not represented the
Delaware and Hudson,of which Robert M. Oly-
phant is President, and the New York, On-
tario and Western.of which Thomas P. Fowler is

President
Those who saw Mr. Morgan were cisin« lined
One of the presidents

afterward to say much
Another

said that nothing had
man familiar with the situation said that while
the strike had not been settled it ought to be
settled, andthat Mr. Morgan and his associates
were anrious to settle it and were going to settle
it if it could possibly be done. James Stillman,
President of the National City Bank, which is
looked upon as a Rockefeller institution, Is
known to have conferred with Mr. Morgan,
and the Rockefellers, who have large interests
in the anthracite coal roads, also believe that
the strike ought to be ended. :

Wall Street heard shortly before 3 o'clock,
when business ceases on the New York Stock
Exchange, that the strike had actually been
settle! as a result of a meeting at the offloe of
J.P. Morgan & Co When this report * i re-
pe ted to Mr. Morean he replic d

Chat ia not true The &trike has not been
settled at any meeting in my office.”

It was learned that the visit of Senator Mark
Hanna, chairman of the Republican National
Committee, to Mr. Morgan's offee on Tuesday
had nothing to do with the coal strike, and that,
contrary to Wall Street reports, yesterday's
| conference of anthracite coal presidents with
Mr. Morgan had not been a result of his call

President Truesdale of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western said late in the afternoon
that the strike had not been settled) He flatly
denied a report that the operators would be
prepared to-day to grant concessions to the
miners, and said that the situation was un-

been done.

|
First National Bank. who is a director in the
}

changed ;
“as to arbitration,” sald Mr Truesdale, “T
don't aee how it would help matters. The

miners had plenty of time to talk to us of their
fevances, if they have any. before the labor

leaders came and got them to strike We

| cannot recognize the United Mine Workers or

| allow it to manage the business That is out
of the question. Whether the strike will be a
long one or a short one I could not undertake
to may.”

Mr. Truesdale had not seen Archbisop Ryan
of Philadelphia, who came to this city on Tues-
| day to confer with President Olyphant of the

Delaware and Hudson and with Mr. Truewale,
| Mr. Truesdale learned yesterday morning that
the Archbishop had called at his office, corner of
William street and Exchange plice too late on
Tueaday afternoon to see him. He found the
Archbishop's card on his desk yesterday The
Archbishop did not succeed either in meeting
Mr. Olyphant. He called at Mr, Olyphant’s
home, 160 Madison avenue, but Mr. Olyphant

was laid up suffering from an accident, and the
Archbishop saw David Wilcox, attorney for

the Delaware and Hudson,

Archbishop Ryan did not apr roach the
eubject of arbitration,” said Mr Wilcox yester-
ondition of the people

da‘ “He talked of the «
| and apoke vers feelings about them, He
told me that he took all the greater interest

in them from the fact that most of them were
Roman Catholics. Neither of us mentioned
the subject of arbitration.”

Asked if in case arbitration had heen pro-

| nosed the company would have considered
Lit, Mr. Wileox said: “No, I think not. The
matter ix too large for arbitration. In fact,
I don’t see how a man unfamiline with the

| arbttrating the matter to my mind, is out o
the question. It would make a difference of
| $5 400,900 a: ear”

It was reported on excellent authority that
Archbishop Ryan had nevertheless seen rep-
resentatives of the anthracite coal railroads
and has heard the other side of the story as pre-
sented br them to him

' Mr. Morgan could not be learned I
at Mr. Morgan's office at yesterday's
ence
roada not represented at the conference, said
regarding the situation

“I know of no conference Iv
and so far as I know there is no «

situation.”
On the news of the conference, accompanied

He was not

confer-

 

 

§ not invited,
hange in the

The President of one of the anthracite |

by incorrect reports that the strike had heen ,

strength in

settled, there was a sharp burst o!
quarter

the anthracite coal stocks in the final

 

ofan hour of trading on the Stock Fxechange
Reading first preferred, which had sold early in
the day es low as 5i';, ran up to 54* losing
at 54% Jersey Central jumped to 131, a net

  

gain of 2% points Dt. & W. ran up to 175
closing at 174, a net advance of 2% rt e jw
in the coalers incited a general rally {n the stock

market

 

G. A. R. BUTTON ON THE WRONG MAN.

He Thoaght It Had Something to Do With the
Election—Magistrate Pool Scares Him.
Max Berger, 19 years old, of 155 Madison
street, was called as a witness in an assault case
heard in the Essex Market police court yester-

day. While he was testifving, Magistrate
Pool suddenly jumped to his feet
“Where did you get that hutton?” he de

the lapel of Berger's coat
“I foundt id,” said Berger
“Don't you know, sir, that that button is an
insignia of valiaut service tn defence of the in-
tagrity of the Kepublic, and as such can only
| lagully be worn by those entitled to wear it?”
questioned the Magistrate
|

|
|
manded, pointing at a Grand Army button in
|
|

“Vat?” answered Berger, his knees beginning
to shake

“What right, sir, have you got to wear that
button?” continued the Magistrate

mens vear dem buddons,” answered Berger

That
the button of the Grand Army,”
trate in his sternest tones

is not a political emblem, sir. It is

‘Vot ticked is he running on?” asked the
bewildered witness
| Draw up 4 complaint of violating the Penal

| Cod» in wearing this button,
| the Magistrate, and Berger was placed under
arrest Before the complaint was drawn up
some one told him that Magistrate Pool was
a Republican When the gian was brought
before the Magistrate again be said
“Chudee, I foundt dot buddon by der streed

] asked a man undt he toldt me dot it vasa

Mckinley tuddon I am a Kekiniey mans
{ undt dot is vhy I vear der buddon

Thot doesn't make any difference,” said
the M tirate “The man who owns that
button Toned it in defence of his country

Jtows me no alternative but to com-

The la®
» Jail in default of $200 bail to stand

| mit you

    
 

trial.”
| Berger was then locked up, and before the
|} court adjourned Assemblyman Isidor Cohn,
the Taminany Assembly of “de Ate,” rushed

| into the court room with a bondsman and suce
| ceeded in bailing Berger ont

‘Tlia is purely missionary work,” sald the
Assemblyman as he escorted Berger away
|
!

CALL¢ THE REV. JAMES H. HOADLEY.

Thirteenth Street Presbyterian Church to Take
the Faith Church's Pastor.

The congregation of the Thirteanth Street

Presbyterian Church voted unanimously last
night to extend 1 ca!!l to the Hey. James H
| Roadley of the Faith Presbyterian Church

in Weat Fortv-eighth street

The Rev. Mr Hoadley was graduated from
the Union Theological Seminary twenty-eight
years ago and his first work wis to establish
a mission The mission soon afterward be-
eame the Faith Church, of which the founder
has been the paste r ever since

The Thirteenth Street Church has been with-
out a pastor since the Rev Waiter D> Buchanan
left it fourtecn months ago, taking a part of
the congregation with him, to become pastor
of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Church
At that time an effort was made to conaolidate

the rourti Avenue and Thirteenth Street
churches and to dispose of the property of one
} of them the failure of that plan caused @ «plit

} in the Thirteenth Street Church congregation.
The new pastor is to receive $3,000 a year,

Russtan Cratser Variag’s Second Trial Trip.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.— The Russian cruiser

said the Magis. |

commanded |

businesa could fairly arbitrate this «trike. The |
advance demanded im wages ia so large that |

Whether he had seen |

| 1810 and lived there and in

 

| private financial, matters

“Vell, all der Bryan mens undt der McKinley | {ther *

Jim HOWARD CONVICTED.

 

 

 

Found Gatliy of the Murder of Goebel and
Death Fixed as the Punishment.
FRankrort, Ky, Sept 26—Jim Howard,
who was convicted of the murder of William
Goebel and his punishment fixed at death, re-
ceived the sentence with the same boldness that
has characterized him throughout the trial
When the sentence was read in court at 9:45 this
morning Howard's face turned pale, but later
he recovered himself, and when being placed |
in the steel cell, where he will be ¢ontined until
the final judgment ls entered, said They have '
convicted an innocent man Immediately fol- |
lowing the announcement of the verdict to-day
Attorney Owens moved for a new trial for the
prisoner. The case will be appeated to the
Court of Appeals when the motions are finally
passed on by this court |
It was proved in the trial that Howard arrived
here on Jan. 30, fifty-eight minutes before |
Goebel was shot, that he was in the Executive
Building at the time of the shooting, and that
staternents that he had killed |
Goebel to W. H. Cullon, Jim Stubblefield and
Representative Mahafly of Cla) The strong- |
est evidence against him was given by James
|

he had made

Stubblefleld, former deputy sheriff! of Clay
count’, Who testified that Howard had made a
confession to him that he “had killed Goebel
Later Stubblefleld went to him and asked him if
he meant by what he had said to him that
he (Howard) had done the shooting Howard |
said) “When I leok down the sights of my gun
1 get meat or money, aod in this instance 1
got both,” Stubb efleld said to him: “Do you
mean that you killed Goepel?” Howard re-
plied: “By God, 1 mean what I say! Bow-
man Gaines testified that he had seea howard
run from the kxecutive Building back of the
State House and down Clinton street shortly
after the shooting. It was proved by a number
of witnesses that Howard was in the Executive |
Building at the west door with a gun a@ few
minutes after the shooting

Howard attempted to prove an alibi, but
the commonwealth introduced impeachment
testimony. Howard testified that he was at
the Roard of Trade Hotel when the shot was
fired and men carrying Goebel's body passed
there. He was substantiated in this by Wit-
nesses Poore and Robinton, who were ime
wached by Proprietor Pence and Clark Trip-
iret of the hotel and witnesses who testified
thatKhobinson had told them he saw Goebel
fall This Robinson admitted. having told.
but said he was only joking. It was proved
that Howard had a mustache at the time of the
shooting. but latershad shaved it off

Howard was on trial for the murder of George
Raker, for which murder he was seeking a
pardon from Gov. Taylor when the Goebel
murder was committed. He is thought to
have killed three or four men in the Howard-
Baker fend

Attorney T.C, Campbell of the prosecution
fn the case of Jim Howard, said: “We believe
justices has been meted out and the man behind
the gun who fired the shot which killed William
Goebel has been convicted. Much asthe nmun-
ishment of the assassin is desired, we would be
willing to see this man go free if we were able, |
br so doing, to obtain al) the facts of the con-
eniracy and all his accomplices Who are respon-
sible for the murder.”

TO REPEAL THE GOEBEL LAW.

The Democrats tn the Kentucky Legislature
Finally Agree Upon a Bill.

Sept. 26.—The Democratic

 

Fraskront, Ky.,

factions of the Legislature have reached an
agreement on an election law, concessions
having been made by the censervative and

radical members. The principal concession
made was that of giving boards judictal powers
The bill agreed upon ts in effect to grant party
representation on the boards equally, with
only ministerial powers, the Attorney-General
to act as Umpire on the State | oards and the
Sheriff on County Boards. The election oflcers
are to be equally divided the
vartias and apponted from lists submitted
fe the party authorities. The bill will prob-
ably not receive the vote of the Republican |
members, who insist on a return to the old law
but they will throw no obstructions in the way
to its passage The law will be passed
within a few days, or a9 800n aa it can be reached
for a vote in the two houses

The State Board of Election Commissioners
acting under the Goebel law, to-day appointed
the County Commissioners for the ensuin
November election, Thia work will be vitlatec
by the repeal of the Goebel law. The House |
to-day passed an amendment extending the
hours for conducting the election and the Senate
passed the bill providing for holding primary
elections to nominate county and State officers
on petition of 20 per cent. of the voters

between

SHE ENTERTAINED HOBOES,

Also, She Wore Black for Anarchists, and

Her Hasband Wants a Divorce.

Vice-Chancelior Stevens sitting in theChancery
Courtat Newark, N. J., listened to testimony
{un an extraordinary sult for divorce brought by
Emory J. Whitehead of Westfield, N.J., against
his wife Celiaof Denver, Co], The plaintiff is
63 vears old and his wife is three years older.
She ia living in Denver #ith her son, Willlam
Carlton Whitehead, alawyer. Anotherson, Dr |
Rufus B. Whitehead, lives in El zabeth. The
Whiteheads were married at ( helsea, Maas,, in
Meriden, Conn., be-
moving to Bloornfleld, N... They owned
an orange grove in Florida and spent many
winters there. In October, 1807, they separated
by mutual consent. Mrs. Whitehead went to
live with her son Willlam, who was studying law
in this city. Her hushand allowed her $28 a
week for the support of herself and their son

The plaintiff declared that he and his wife fell
out first over her kindness to tramps. He saya
shejwas kinder tothem than she was to him.
She filled the home with hoboes who came to
the back door of their residence {n Westfield
giving all of them ten centa spiece. He said |
that he had never had any serious quarrels with |
his wife, but thatthey differed tnaterially upon
questions of finances and social and political
economy. She wasimbued with socialistic ideas,
he said, and when the Chicago Anarchists were
hanged she wore black forthem. She declared
often that she would Jeave him a+ goon as her
sons were grown and established In business

fore

 

 

 

 

  

’ '

Dr. Rufus Whitehead was another witness |
and said that long before the separation his |
mother tol het.she desired to leave his |

 
   

d ffered over social questions,
he said, ‘‘and also over
In answer to a |
question about his father's general attitude
toward hie mother the doctor siid thet the
sgenerally harsh, though extremely
kindly at times

Mra. Mary E. Hart of New Haven, a sister
of Mrs. Whitehead, testified that hereister was
aatrong-minded woman and a prolific writer
on dreas reform Mrs. Whitelead was at the
hearing and wae represented by Lawyers Mary
Phijbrook and Frederick Burnbam. She came
on from Denver with her son

President Olyphant’s Accident,

President Robert M. Olyphant of the Delae
wareand Hudson Company ts confined to his |

father. ‘T ai
public and private,

| hon 1 Madison avenue asthe result of an
a j ich occurred several days aco. Mr
Olypbant’s son said last nightthat the acoident |

was a trivial one
-—_- ~

SHOES

It is still the quality, style and

 

| fit of our shoes which satisfy our

\

Variag wi'l start for her second trial trip on Frie |

Gav evenivg. (On hem first trip the vessel bles
ollt a oy linder head while going at the rate of
over twenty-four knois on @ twelve-hours e 1
trial, and the Russian Governmen: has insisted
that before being accepted the cruiser mu tor
twelve hours make the contract speed of twenty-
three knots an hour

patrons,

There is nothing in a fancy or
catchy name. It neither improves
poor shoes, nor does it detract
from the merit of good ones; yet |
really good shoes require no such
fantastic commendation,

We continue to sell shoes for
Men, Women, and Children as)
shoes, ‘our shoes,”’ |

ALEXANDER,

SIXTH AVE. & NINETEENTH ST.
Branch Store, 132 and 134 Fulton St.

|

Our Catalogue on application,

 

} hours

| cremation for

| Mr

} Stansbury

————

RICE CHECKS AND TRUST.

TALK OF A COOPER INSTITUTE FOR
HOUSTON, TEX.

 

 

Executors, Who Know Aboaut the Trast, to Get
Here To-doy—The Body to Be Cremated at
Noon—Why It Was Embalmed Although the
Aged Millionaire Had Forbidden That.

Nothing more tending to interest the police
developed yesterday in the case of the death
of William Marsh Rice, the aged millionaire,
whose body was removed on Tuesday from his
home at 500 Madison avenue to the Morgue
for a post-mortem examination, because heavy
checks dated the day before his death liad been
presented to banks the day after his death
for certification and without notice of his death

While the police did not entirely drop the matter

they have very littl doubt that Mr. Rice's
death was perfectly natural Coroner Hart
will do nothing further unless Chemist Wit-

thaus’s examination makes it necessary. The
body was embalmed and arsenic is a com-
ponent of the embalmer's fluid. The embalm-
ing of the body excited considerable interest,
because in a letter written by Mr. Rice on Aug
3 last and addressed to Mr. Albert T. Patrick,
his New York lawyer, who had the checks cer-
tifled after his death, Mr. Rice gave expressed
directions that hia body should not be em-
balmed = This letter is as follows

“Albert T Patrick, Faq, 277 Broadwoy

‘Dean Str: Concerning the matter of crema-
tion, ] sent down to the United States Crematory
for information and got two circulars w hich
are very interesting 1 will show them to you
when you come up. Ever since Col Robert
Ingersoll and Col Waring were cremated | have
thought that I should like to be cremated also

“Col. Ingerso|l was a very smart man and a
man of good judgement about all things which
it is possible for a man to know, but about re-
ligion @ man cannot know. Ingersoll may be
rightor he ma be wrong; that Is all gyuese-

work. iol. Waring was a great sanitary
man and it seems to me that the law
should not allow bodies to be buried
all over the of all kind

country after dytn
of diseases, [ would much rather have ms
body burned than eaten by worms or stolen by
some medical student and carved to pieces

“If ] should die I want 5 ou tosee that Lam not
embalmed, as ther fill ue with chemicals when

they embalm you: but I want you to have my
body cremated at once and my one yutin an
urn and interred with my late wife, Elizabeth

B. Rice

“As to funerals, I do not think my relatives
would care to come to me, and I see no use in
nay Ing one until my ashes are interred with my
wife

1 write these things because I happen to think
of thei, although you told me to give you
written directions some time ago. But I expect
to live twenty-three years, as I come of a long-
lived family and am in pretty good health for a
manofmy nage. Yourstruly, W.M.Ricr.”

It was Coroner's Phystelan Donlin’s opinion
that embalming w «dom resorted to when
a body was to be cremated, and in view of Mr.
Rice's letter it was thought rather strange
that his instructions had been disregarded. Mr
Patrick repeated yesterday that it was at the
suggestion of the undertaker that the embalm-
{ng was done He sald:

I did not tell the undertaker to embalm
the body until he himself had informed me

' that if it was to be kept any time at all it would

For several reasons

have to be embalmed
One of these was that

the body had to be kept
the crematory company had to have at least
twenty-four hours’ notice. The most im-
portant reason which moved me to take this
step was ny desire to hold the body until Mr
Rice's relatives, who were in Texas, could see
it It would have looked strange {f this had
not been done.”

Charles Plowright, the
firmed Mr. Patrick's statement. Mr. Patrick
had shown him Mr. Rice's letter. He had told
Mr Patrick that the body would have to be
embalmed if it was to be kept twenty-four
As there was to be a funeral this was
necessary and so it was done in a perfectly
regular way, no unusual amount of fluid being
used Orders had been given to the cremation
eompany on Monday morning to_arrange the

Tuesday. but Mr Patrick says
he countermanded those orders on Monday
evening when Mr. Jones, Mr. Rice’s secretary,
received a telegram from Houston, Tex,
requesting that no disposition be made of the
remains until the arrival of Mr. Rice's brother,

undertaker, con-

Frederick A. Rice, and his Texas lawyer, James |

A. Baker, who will get here to-day

S M swenson & Sons, the bankers, whose
resentation to them of Mr_ Rice's check for
$35,000 when Mr Rice was dead had nothing
to add yesterday to the statement already
pub ished of their reasons for so proceeding.
Accord to Mr. Patrick, Mr. Rice for some
time had been on unpleasant terms with Swen-
son & Sons and had desired that a good dea)
of the money he had with them should be with-
drawn. Mr Rice, soMr. Patrick said, recog-
nized the need of keeping seme money with
the firm, becs ise three of ita employees were
important Witnesses in a aaqenos in which
Mr. Rice Was concerned, and he Wanted to be
abletoget hold of them readily, whi h he feared
he could not do unless he kept up his relations
With the firm Mr. Patrick gave as his reason
for oot telling the firm of Mr. Rice's death,
when he presented the $25,000 check, that it
would save trouble

1 knew,” said Mr, Patrick, “that I had a
lewal right to the money by the terms of the
assignment made to me by Mr. Rice of all his
moneys on depostt and all his securities in
bank vaults, and as it was all right for me to
have this money I decided it would save trouble

in getting the money ont not to notify them
of Mr Rice's death When they valed up
Mr. Rice's house on the telephone and Jones

asked tne over the telephone what he should
say to them, I told hin to tell them at once
that Mr. Rice was dead. The cheoks for $140,-
oo, which were certified by the Fifth Avenue
Trust Company the same day, are for a trust
fund What this fs for I do not care to
say until 1 lay the entire matter before the
executors named in the will, who will be here
to-morrow. They are Frederick A. Rice and

baker. When they arrive, I am sure they
will makea very satisfactory statement feearde

; ine the fund and the regularity of the trans-

actions

The cremation of Mr. Rice’s body will take
Place to-day at noon at Fresh Pond, ff the ar-
rangements made are carried out. In addition
to Frederick A. Rice and James A. Baker, who

will arrive this morning, there will also be
present William Rice, Jr, a nephew, who is
coming from Houston, Tex. and J. I linn of

Springfeld, Mass., who {s also a relat ve, and
who Is here

MILWAUKER, Sept 26.—William M. Rice, the
New York mill.onaire, whose death is interest
ing New York, was well known in this
elty The Rices first came to Wisconsin
in June, 18906. Mrs. Rice, then 74 years
of age, had suffered a stroke of ‘apo-
plexy in Houston, and had been brought to
Vaukesha to escape the heat. Later her hus-
band was called to New York, and Mra. Rice
was left here in charge of her private secretary
Noone but the doctor aod nurse
was allowed to see her, and after her death the
secretary took charge of the funeral arrange-
ments and brought the body to Milwaukee,
where it was placed ina vault at Forest Home
Cemetery. Itremained there until the follow-
ng February, when it was buried in a private

t

Mrs, Jeanne Pierpont La Duke of this city, a
friend of the family, saw Mr. Rice last June. He
tei\d her he was worth about $10,000,000, and
that when he died he intended to erect at
flouston a Rice Memoria! Inatitute along the
lines of the Cooper Inetitute in New York
Neeently he ordered her to erect a tombstone
over hia wife's grave in this city. The
contest over Mra. Rice's will was be
cause she had bequeathed $1,500,000 of
derived property to her relatives. Under e
Texas laws the wife haa contro! over hall her
husband's property, but Rice claimed New
York as his home.

IDENTIFICATION OF CRIMINALS,

State Central Bureasa at Albany for All States
Using the Eertilion System.

 

ow

ALBANY, Sept. 26—Through an arrange
ment made at Cleveland, Ohto, this week, he
tween Superintendent of Prisons Collins and
the representatives of nearly all the penal in-
stitutions in the United States that use the
Bertillon system of Identification, the State
central bureau of identification at the
in Albany will be used as the central fa
for all these institutions. The full benefits of
the Bertillon system have never beey realized,
as each State has worked by Iteelf and there
has been no unity of operation. By this ar-
rangement duplicates of all descriptive cards
prepared in the institutions of the several States
will be filed at the State bureauat Albany, thus
affording a system of ortminal supervision,
national in ita scope, and which, {t is believed,
will render as important service in the United
States as the great bureau at Paris has in France

 

Abraham Steers Lamber Company Fatis.

The Abraham Steers Lumber Company of 412
and 414 Fast 125th street made an assignment
yesterday to John Bottomley, the deed being
signed by Abraham Steers as President. The
company was incorporated on Aug 12, 1804,
with a capital stock of $5,000, but has never had
any rating at Bradstreet's, Mr. Steers, who had
been in the lumber business for many years; made
an assignment in December. 1893, with liabili-
ties oes 7 and actual assets $61,000 Then he
formed the present company. Liabilities
said to be $8,000 to $10,000 es are

Board as at Home

is diMoult to findina largecity. Such places
though, are to be found advertised in ‘
under “Select Board.” —Ad. = tas ie

 

|
|
|
|
|

 

  
   
 

 
          

     

 

Whatever the temperature
outside our stores, it’s Fall inside
and Fall by the calendar—7 a, m.
Sept. 23.

Ilere’s the new yoke back Fall
overcoat, the Raglan, the pad-
dock, the short and the long;
$15 to R380.

Here are the newly imported
browns made into sack suits;
grays and greens, and combina.
tions of the two; 815 to 832.

Here's everything man or boy
wears.

Roerrs, Peer & Oompany,

258 Rroadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 9 Warren St.

640 Kroadway, cor. Prince

1260 Broadway, cor. 324
and 54 West 33d St

We Gil orders
by mall.

 

    
  
  
     
   

  

Be Cood to
Your Stomach,

TAKE

VICHY
CELESTINS

with your meals,

It aids digestion,
and its medicinal qualities
keeps your stomach in good order,

Vichy is Imported only in bottles

NOTE: So-Called Vichy in
Syphons Is Not Vichy,

At First Class Druggists, Grocers,
Hotels and Cafes,

General Agency, 220 Broadway, N. Y¥,

  

 

WESTERN
Champagne

received the

Only

Gold Medal

awarded to any Amertcan
Champagne at the Parts
Exposition of 1900,

PLEASANT VALLEY WINE CO.,

Sole Makers, Rheims, N. ¥.
Sold by all Respectable Wine Dealers.

 

CARPET CLEANSING, |

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
826 7th Av., Near 28th St.

Rott, bad! BETS etic,

T. M.STEWAR

REUNITED BY A FATHER'S DEATH.

 

 

A Newspaper Article Rrings a Long-Separated
Brother and Sister Together.

The killing of Peter Vogel in his home at 148
Newell street, Greenpoint, by Harry Calback,
his son-in-law, who struck Vogel in the face
with his fist, has reunited Vogel's son and
daughter, who for more than eighteen years
had believed each other to be dead. Calback's
wife is the daughter and Peter Vogel, a farmer
of Hicksville, L. 1, the son. Twenty years ago
the elder Vogel and his wife quarrelied and
separated, Vogel kept the two ohildren, who
were then 4 and 6 years old respectively, He
afterward placed the boy in the Eastern District
Industrial Home, and he indentured to a Long
Island farmer. yithout the knowledge of the
home authorities the farmer transferred the
boy to another farmer and then sold his farm
and went away

Che officials of the industrial home were
unable to trace the boy, who was adopted by
the family of Henry Chapman, a farmer of
Hicksville Vogel occasionally tried to find
out something about his parents. He was up-
successful and came to regard them and his
sister as dead A week ago while a farm hand
was in the Wallabout Market disposing of a
load of produce he picked up a newspaper and
tossed it into the wagon. In the newspaper
was an account of the death of Vogel Phe
young man read the article that Tight He
communicated with the Brooklyn police and
was advised to go to Greenpoint He did so
and found that the dead man was his father
and Mrs. Calback his sister

SAYS HIS FATHER LED HIM ASTRAY.

Boy in Jail for Highway Robbery and Father
Sent to Sing Sing for Burglary.

James Smith, an ex-convict, was arraigned
yesterday for sentence in the County Court
{n Brooklyn on @ charge of burglary, to which
he had _ pleaded guilty. His fourteen-year-old
eon William was arrested a week ago for holding
up and robbing another boy He met his
father in the jail and accused him of bein,
responsible for his predicament. Judge ‘Aspinall
in sentencing the father said

“It is an awful thing when father and son
meet in jail, each agoused of crime, and the son
pointing to the father and sayin, ‘You led
me into crime’ Smith, you will go to State
prison at Sing Sing for a term of four years.”

Ocean Steamship Launched at Cramps’.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.—The Venturte,
which was built at the Cramps’ shipyard for the
Ooranic Stearnship Company, was launched this
afternoon, She will ply between San Franciseo
and Australian ports. The ywossei is 400 feet
long, 50 feet wide and 23 feet deep. She is 6,0”
tons @foss register, twin screw and 7,500 horse
power, She was christened by Miss Elsie

ronemiller, @ niece of John D. Spreckels,
President of the Oceanic Company.

 

New Communities

Prediction of Dr, Ogborne.

“There ts no question inmy mind but that
whole communities, who now suffer from the
bad effects of coffee, would be revolutionised
if they knew of the actual facte regarding the
use of coffee and the help that could be ob
tained from the use of Postum Cereal Food
Coffee. In my own case, coffee produced dimi-
ness, heart palpitation, and sallowness of oom-

lexlon. When I abandoned the ordinary oof-
ee and took up Postum, the diflouludes were
fomoved, Rev. W. N. Ogborne, Hanimonton,

Some people, when trying to break off the
coffee habit, feel the lack of the stimulant ao
much that they mix half coffee and half Postum,
then eradually reduce the amount of coffee an-
til they drink Postum alone

Most people can break off from coffee at once
if they can have the Postum Food Coffee, for
the taste of the two is so much ailke, that man’
times the change is not poticed The user ip-
variably improves in health, and tne ‘s
tmpe shows a marked change forthe "a

.

  

   
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
 
    
 
   
    
   
  
    
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
      
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

ere 2srsess

osz