—————

EMPEROR ACCUSES TUAN:

polNTS HIM OUT AS THE ONE RESPON-
§1BLE FOR CHINA'S TROUBLES,

 

scone at a Meeting of the Privy Counetl—Fm-

press Dowager Calls on Gen, Weng Wen

sbao, a Pro Foreigner, to Suggest a Pian
of Action—Priace Taan’s Promotion Made

Hefore the Reoeipt of 14's Denunctation,

Speciad Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
From a Staff Correspondent

Sy anormal, Sept. 26, 11:10 P. M.—-The memo-
rigi sent to the Throne by LA Hung Chang and
the Vioeroys of the southern and central prov-
asking for the denunciation of Prinoe
fuan, Prince Chwang and the leaders of the
Borer movement was delayed in transminsion
and was not received by Emperor Kwang-su
and the Empreas Dowager, who were at Tal-
eyen-fu, until Sept. 18. The promotions of
Prince Tuan to be President of the Grand Coun-
cil and of Prince Chwang, who was the deputy
Cormmander-tn-Chief of the Boxera, to be a
Grand Councillor, had already been announced,

Advices from trustworthy Chinese sources,
which ware recelved to-day, state that the
memorial waa sent direct to the Emperor and
Friopres Dowager, but was not opened until
the mee'ing of the Privy Counofl on the morning
of Rept 20, as all such documents are supposed
to reach the Throne through that body

This meeting was attended by the Emperor
and Empresas Dowager and by Prince Tuan,
prince Chwang, Kang Yi, the President of the
Minlatry of War, who favored the rebels; Gen.
Wang Wan Shao and Chao Shu Chio, who ts
accused of making a report to the Empress
Dowager in favor of the Boxers

The Emperor handed the memorial to the
Connctl, and after It had been read he began
a bitter tirade against Tuan and Chwang. He
told them they were responsible for all the
trouble They had, he said, only the ability
to start trouble, and did not oare for the con-
sequences

Prince Tuan and Prince Chwang sat together
The Emperor pointed his finger at them and

{oone

sald

‘Yon have caused all the inconvenienoe and
disgrace of the Court and King being compelled
to leave Pekin Now, can't you make a sug-
gestion of some way to @et out of the trouble?”

The Empresas Dowager, who sat beside the
Emperor, leaned forward in her seat and point-
ing her finger directly at Gen. Weng Wen Shao,
who was reported at one time to have been
killed while assisting foreigners and afterward
was sald to have had a fight with Prince Tuan's
forces, said

You are the only tntelligent man in the Coun-
efl, and we must depend upon you wholly to
mugeest plans. You are commandrd to answer
present memorial to show us a way out

to the

the difficulties.”

Prince Tuan and Prince Chwang listened
angnly to the words of the Emperor and

Fropreas Dowager, but made no reply, and the
audience ended

Wane Wen Shao has the record of betng
Minister who did not lose his head
during the trouble. Ale ts friendly to the Chi-
nese Peace Commission and will not obey the
Empress Dowager until he has consulted with
it

The promotion

tha onle

of Princes Tuan and

Chwane has ita disadvantages for them.
Ae members of the royal family they
could have private audiences with the
Empresa Dowager without restriction. The

Couneil, of which they are now members, is
consulted on all questions of State, but one of
the oldest traditions of the Oourt forbids any
members to approach the throne unless
aecompanied by others, or unless they have
been sent on @ private mission. Then they
ruat apply for a special audience through the
Counetl, and as this body is very jealous of its
prerogatives, the request is usually not granted.
For this reason Tuan’s strength and influence
i'n private audiences with the Empress will now
be of no account,

Field Marshal Count von Waldersee arrived
at Taku to-day. LA Hung Chang ls at Tientsin.
Che German Mintater has arrived at Taku.

 

 

ENGLAND'S RESPONSE TO GERMANY.

It Is Believed in Washtngten That It Will
Cotnctde Wi tb This Government's Policy.
WasninoTon, Sept. 26—The Government's

hest information tn regard to Great Britain's

ititude on the German punitive proposal

» that Lord Salisbury has not completed his

response to the Berlin Foreign Office, but will

, 80 very soon Officials here expresa the

ion, presumably on advices received,

that Great Britain will oolncide with the policy
of the United States in refusing to demand
the punishment of the anti-forelgn leaders
as a condition precedent to peace negotia-

[he comments of the German offictal press
on the refusal of the United States to accept

Germany's proposition has created a bad im-

pression in official circles here, and it is not

going too far to say that the apparent attempt
to throw discredit on the action of the United

  

States will not tend to improve the relations |

between the Powers.

From a conversation had to-day with a prom-
{nent oficial who understands the views of this
Government in regard to every aspect of the
Chinese situation, THE Stn reporter was led
to believe that the Administration suspects
that Germany !s endeavoring to complicate
and delay the diplomatic negotiations for a
setlement of the troubles in order to secure
ab opportunity for ongasing in fur-
ther military operations. He declined t»
express his own views, but admitted that an
unprejudicad observer of Germany's attitude
gould hardly reach any other conclusion than
that mentioned n response to a question
As to Germany's suspected purpose in hamper-

. varesa of the diplomatic arrangements,
sted that the unprejudiced observer

  

m ed to the opinion that the Hinterland
f Riao-Chow Peninsula in Shantung
Provinee might be desired by ‘rermany, which
could not secure it by maintaining harmonious
relations with the Powers in the settlement
f China's future He pointed out that Ger-
nany position somewhat different

was in a
f that of the other nations,
in that she would be obliged to demand and
secure some auhstantial reparation for the mur-
derof her Minister at Pekin. She wouid hardly
be satisfied with pecuniary indemnity, he said,
because that savored too much of blood money,
horities had probably found

and the Berlin an

itembarrassing to determine just what course
sho id be pursuedto secure adequate reparation,
Int urse of the conversation it developed
that Germany had never given assurances to

 

uny other Government that she did not
iny territorial iidemnity.

\o credence {s placed in the reports that Rus
. a- annexed Manchuria, Such @ course,
exoluined, would be a violation of the as-
xiven by Russia to the Powers ir
the preservation of the integrity o

‘ exe territory.

   

OUR PEACE COMMISSIONERS.

(eon, James HB. Wilson Will Doubtless Be
Selected as One of Them.

Wasminoron, Sept. 26.—In addition to the
t of seth Low, the Preaident has under
consideration the name of Gen. James H Wilson
t n China, for one of the plenipotentiaries
iosiat Minister Oonger in the conduct of peace
a ations Tt ts altogether Iikely that Gen

ll be appointed The order tele.
k to Geo Chafee yesterday contalned
t that Gen Wilson remaln in Pekin

~“~

t sent him This was

treaty
President MeKinley in view of his
itier f Gen Wilson's aelection as a
nisstoner Gen Wilson's know-
(hina and the Chinese, and his ability
er, a diplomatist and a military man,
led by officials here as giving him
ualifications to perform the duties
rii-ted to a member of the American

WEST RIVER PIRATES ACTIVE.

The Burning of Misstons Continaes in Kwang-
tung Province.

cial Cade Despatches to THE SUN
‘a, Sept “a Advices from the
Nest Kiver state that the indications of piracy
ar caudage are inereasing. It is probable
will lapse into its old state of in
me ne the winter unless active meas-

‘ ake

t. 2 4 despatch from Canton
‘ nw and burning of missions in
Kwangtune Province continue. The mission-
ane) have escaped, but 3,000 native Christians

are without shelter.

sent, and the statement that “special |

Oe

THE RUMORED GERMAN ULTIMATUM.
One Statement That It wee Presented on
Secret Orders From the Kaiser.

Special Cable Despatches to THA SUN.

Panis, Sept. 96.—A despatch from Berlin
quotes a Government officer as saying that the
German note tn regard to China hae been mis-
understood in two parts. The first part, about
the delivery and punishment offthe guilty, affects
only Germany. The second part, which in-
vited the Ministers to designate the guilty parties
in the interests of all and which has been ac
cepted b) all the Governments except the United
States, did not «peak of their extradition

A Berlin despatch says it is learned from
several good sources that if the story from
Shanghai—that Field Marshal Count von Wal-
deraee will present an ultimatum to China on
his arrival at Pekin demanding the surrender
of five leaders of the anti-foreign rising is
authentic, the German commander will be
simply obeying secret orders from Emperor
William. The German Forelan Office knows
nothing about the matter

LonDon, Sept 26 —The Press Association says
{t is authorized to state that the story that @
German ultimatum to China will be presented
by Count von Waldersee on hia arrtval in Pekin
is not justified by the facia It ia fully believed
in high quarters that the news waa transmitted
and published in good faith, but that the story
was concocted in Shanghai with the deliberate
and mischievous intention of causing friction
between Germany and England and in that way
staving off and preventing united action by the
Powers

LONDON, Sept. 27 The Shanghai story pub-
lished yesterday by the Morning Post concerning
Germany's intention to present an ultimatum to
China and her plan to seize Chinese territory
meets with only emphatic denials here and in
Berlin

In the latter city the story ta declared to be
unfounded and a hidicrous aspersion on Ger-
many's policy Nevertheless, other corres-
pondents in Shanghai refer to the rumor as
arousing apprehension there among officials,
who, it is declared, are anxiously inquiring aa
to ite truth

According to the latest atatementa from Ber- |

lin there are now 15,250 (ierma: troops on
Chinese soil, andby the end of October thea
will be 22.90 Referring to this the Berlin

correspondent of the Times asserts that
there is a disposition in many quuirters
to belleve that the force will

be brought home without hoving seen active
servic The Gerinan Government, the cor-
respondent adds, Coes not appear to be as eager
as some of its allies to avoid further warfare

The English oorrespondents in Berlin
apeak of the continued soreness in
German official quorters over the atti-
tuce of the United States The irrita-
tion {8 apparentiv increased by a report
that Minister Conger has been instructed
to mediate with the Powersin Chins. Nothing
is known in Berlin of any mandate being given
to the United States for such negotiations, anya
the Cologne Gagetie in an apparently inspired
article.

The Berlin correspondent of the Morning Post
declares that the Gernian Government helieves
thatin face of the most recent developments
in the Chinese puzzle the United States will
modify their attitude and remain !n the con-
cert

There is sufficient ground for deolaring that
Great Britain's answer to the German proposal
has not yet been delivered. The Post's Barlin
correspondent affirms that Germany does not
anticipate when it arrives that it will be a
refusal

PRINCE TUAN'S PROMOTION.

Germans Say It Is the First Result of the
Lentent American Polloy.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Covoonr, Sept. 26.—The Koelnirche Zeitung
publishes an inspired statement from Berlin
which declares that the appointment of Prince
Tuan as a member of the Privy Council must
be regarded as the first result of the American
policy. This policy has obviously so increased
the courage of the Chinese that they have com-
mittedanaction which ls a blow in the face of the
world. If, however, they are «speculating
npon disunion of the Powers they may be mis
ealoulating, for even assuming active opera-
tions in China are pursued by only a certain
number of Powers, the number will be strong
enough to tmpose their will on China. Al
though one Power stands aside it will not op
pose the work of justice the others will prose-
cute.

Tt cannot be denied that Prince Tuan’s appoint
ment has charuced the aspect of affairs.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 24--The Government
has trustworthy information which prac
tically convinces it that Prince Tuan,

the Boxer leader, has been appointed a member
of the Privy Counctl of (hina. This is a direct
defiance to the Powers,

The Privy Council ta the most powerful
official body in China. It sita in Judgement
upon and to a certain extent controls the actions
of the Emperor. In the conduct of peace
negotiations the Privy Council would formulate
the inatructions to and direct the procedure
of the Chinese plenipotentiaries. This Govern-
ment has declared that it will not deal with any
person concerned in the outrages against
Christians. and Tuan's appointment would be
resented by the United States and all the other
Powers, To permit the Chinese plenipotentianes
to be under the authority of the arch-conspirator
against the lives of foreign Ministers and all

| foreigners would not for a moment he coun-

tenanced by any of the nations interested, par-
ticularly as the punishment of Tuan is regarded
an a certain outcome of the negotiations if
harmony ia maintained among the Powers,

 

ADMIRAL WALKER AT CANTON.

Call on the President, Presamably to Talk on
the Interoceantc Canal Project.

CANTON, Ohio, Sept 26.--Rear- Admiral
Walker, retired, of the United States Navy,
President of the Nicaraguan Canal Commis-
sion, was with the President several houre
to-day on officia] business, the nature of which
was Dot disclosed. He was met at the station
by Secretary Cortelyou with the President's
carriage and taken direct to the McKinley

| home, where for more than an hour he waa

in conference with the President Afterward
he said he came to Canton to be talked to and
pot to talk. He would not say anything as
to the nature of the matters discussed

The same train brought two other McKinley

callers, Theodore 8S. Search of Philadelphia,
President of the American Manufacturers’ \a-
tional Association, anda Mr, Beck, who manages
the warehouse of the association al Shanghai,
China. While it is
related to commercial interests in China, neither
would say anything as to the nature of their
conference with the Presjdent. Mr, Search
said it did not concern and would not interest
the publie,
The association of which he ts President re-
gards the Chinese trade as highly important
‘It had reached an enormous volume,”
Mr Search, “before the present troubles broke
out, and will be much larger & soon as these
troubles are over, which
lorg. If we can only get an early and reason-
able settlement out of the ¢ hinese the American
trade in the Orlent will be better than ever "
“It's no use to talk about Pennsylvania,”
said Mr, Search, when asked of the political
situation Our State will go stronger than
ever for the Republican ticket this year be-
calise there are more | eople there than in 1806
President and Mrs, McKinley this evening
attended the marriage ceremouy of A. B, Clark
and Miss Faith Foa@le and the reception at
the home of the briie’s parenta. Mr. Clark
is a son of W. W. Clark of the Diebold Safe

 

and Lock Company and Miss Fogle is th:
daughter of Henry ©, Fogle, general manager
of the Canton Street Railway Company, Both

fainilies are old neighbors and friends of the
McKinleys.

Acting Assistant Surgeon Lazear Dies of
Yellow Fever.

WasHINnaTon, Sept 246. Col. Baldwin, com-

manding the Tenth Cavalry at Columbia bar-
racks, Cuba, telegraphed the War Department
to-dav that acting As«istant Surgeon deffe W.

Lazear died of yellow fever on Sept. 25

Lofts,

whether you seek them or
hove them to diepose of, make use of ITtk
Sun's advertising columns. A Sun reader will
always be found a desirable tenant or cus
toma. Adv

 

—_——

or Property

Stores, Offices,

of all descriptions,

 

prenuamed that their visit |

sald |

we hope will be before |

 
  

cS

.

THE SUN,

THURSDAY, SEPT

STONE AND CROKER MISLED |

UNLESS THIS 18 ALL BLUFF ABOUT
CARAYING NEW YORK.

Democrats Propose to Wind Up Bryan This
Year, as Well as Stanchfield,
organize in Nation and State-An Antt-
Tammany Party Coming—Jenes to Paclfy
Hoge Cockran’s Two-Cook, Two-Car Tour.

The Hon. William J. Btione, ex-Go ernor of

Missourl, Chit Mogul of the Bryanite Natlonal

Headquarters at the Hoffman louse, and virt-

ously known as ‘Gum Shoe Bil‘ and “‘Shirt-tall

Bil,"’ returned yesterday morning from his

hurried trip to Chleago, where he met Mr.

Bryan, Arkan-as Jones, (Chairman of the D-mo-

oratic National Committee, and a number of

other Bryan campaig. ers. Mr. Stone had a de

and Re-'

ightful Ute breakfast at the Hoffman House. |

He |. dan ther bottle of that famous Chateau
Yquem and a few tidbits, including
Bismarck Herring.
Bisque of Lobster.
Eggs Russe
Brochette of Sweetbread, Bearnaisa
Chicken Livers, en cassobette, Italienne

Then there was a sip of anisette, a delicious
mouthful of coffee and a final sip of Crémede
Roses. After that the Hon. Mr. Stone was ready
to get to work He toddled upstairs into room
300 of the Hoffman House, and to one of the
pleasantest-faced and gentlest typewriters
he dictated the following statement

“Il was called tw Chicago to talk over the
general situation with Mr Bryan, Senator
Jones and others before Mr. Bryan began hia
long tour, upon which he starts to-day. Of
course I cannot go into the details of the con-
ference, Mr Bryan's itinerary was talked
over. His dates will be given out from Chicago
No change was made in the programme for
his lourin the Eastern States as published The
reports I got as to the situation in the West and
Middle States were most encouraging. If the
Republicans carry either Illinois, Indiana or

Ohio they must fight as if fighting for life, |

which, verily, they are doing
indicates a tremendous trend of sentiment in all
those States toward Bryan. These States can-

| not be carried against him except by the use of

improper méana, and we must wy to guard
against that,

Che reports that have gone west from New
York and other Eastern States have filled
the Western Democrata with enthusiasm.
When they find that Mr Croker and Senator
Murphy on the one hand, and Senator Hill and
Mr. Coleron the other hand, with Tammany and
the State organization all working in harmony,
they feel like it presages victory in the East
When they see the old warhorses like Senator
Gorman of Maryland, Senators Murphy and
Hill and Mr. Croker and Mr. Cockran of New
York, Mr. Olney and Gen, Collins of Massa-
chusetts and others like them in the forefront
of the fight, they feel that victory i. certain

The Hon. Mr, Stone was nevertheless some-
what troubled. Exiov, Hogg of Texas has
demanded the retirement of the Hon, James
K. Jones, chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, because of Senator Jones's conneo-
tion with the Cotton Bale Trust. Mr. Stone
told his friends that this quarrel between Mr.
Hoes of Texas and Mr, Jones of Arkansas
could be very easily settled if Senator Jones
and John E, Searles, Jr., formerly of the Ameri-
can Sugar Trust and partner with Mr. Jones
in the Cotton Bale Trust, would make @x-Goy.
Hogg of Texas attorney for the Cotton Hale
Trust in the State of Texas. It is well known
that the Democratic Legislature of the Lone
Star State has denounced this Cotton Hale
Trust, bul ex4rov, Stone told his friends that
“everything in politios is a oompromise,” and
ao it was said that Senator Jones is not to
deprived of his place as chairman of the Demo-
cratic National Committee for the reason that

e is to induce ex4iov, Hogg of Texas to become
the attorney for the Cotton Trust tn the
Lone Star te.

The Hon. Mr. Stone had another trouble

on hla banda, but he believed that this matter
could also be settled satisfactoril Ever
since the Kanaas City Convention he has begs
in New York city on a proselytizing tour. He
has hunted the plutocrete, nes only at the Hoff-
man Hause, but at the Waldorf-Astoria, at
Delmonico’s and at Sherry's, and it isknown
that he has had personal and Interesting com
versations with Ha Payne Whitney, son
of the Hon. William Collins Whitney,and young
Brice and juvenile Democrats of that character.
Mr. Whitney, Sr., was the great man who tn
1884 and 1892 carried Grover Cleveland to vio~
tory, and young Brice ts the son of the late
Calvin Stewart Brice, who great his money
and lost his reputation as a po ical campaigner
in his efforts to reelect Mr. Cleveland {n 188.
It is not disputed that the Hon “Gum Shoe
Bill,” has collected funds, whether they came
rom young Whitney or young Brice or not
t is Known that Mr. Stone at the demand of
William Bourke Cockran, has provided Mr.
Cockran with a special train of two cars, two
chefs, and all of the fine pointments of a
trip to Illinois, Ohio and Kentuc for Mr.
Cockran. Mr. Cockran called on Mr. Stone
nd said, in substance, “I will make this trip
or you, but I must have two oars and I must
nave two chefs will not live at hotels,” and
n fact Mr. Cockran in all of his demands was

the finest Imperialist that you ever met. So
Mr. Cockran Is to go out in swell fashion and
to do all sorte of stunts for Bryan,

whom he opent repudiated four years ago.

The Hon William Hoge. who ts running the
Democratic Commercial Travellers’ League and
Anti-Impertalistie headquarters had a lor
talk with Mr. Stone yesterday and demurre
to this Cockran business. Mr. Hoge complained
that he could not get campaign speakers for
his bureau in New York city’ that all the talent
was sent away like Cockran Mr. Stone would
give Mr. Hoge no satisfaction

The Hon Mr. MeGuire, Mayor of Syracuse,
and chairman of the Faecutive Committee
of the Democratic State Committee, had
long talk yesterday with Mr. Croker, Nationa
Committeeman Norman E. Mack, Prank Camp-
bell, chairman of the Democratic State Com-
mittee Elliot Danforth and ex-Senator Fd-
ward Murphy, Jr. The whole talk was as to
Mr. Bryan's trip through New York State,
which fa to begin on Oct. 16 and which ts to
last nearly ten dayea. Mr. Croker_has deter-
mined to make this tour of Mr. Bryan. the
reatest event in the political history of the
State. Mr. Croker believes that Mr. Bryan
isto win.) Mr Stone is juoted above

Elther Mr Stoneand Mr Croker are the moat
acientific bluffers on top of earth, or they
are misled. Democrats in the Democratio
Club, Democrats in the Manhattan Club, Dem-
ocrats in the Hoffman House, Democrats who
associate every day with Mr Croker and Mr
Murphy and Mr. Stone propose to wind up the
Hon William J Bryan and the Hon. John B.
Stanchtield on election day once and forever,
and after that the Democratle party of the
nation and New York State is to be reorganized.

tHe SUN this morning ventures Us predic-
tion that before election day come around
an anti-Tammany organization will be started
right here in the city of New York, and that it
will have for ita purpose the nomination of
Bird S. Coler for Mayor of Greater New York
next vear

LITTLE HOPE FOR THE EMPEROR.

Dr. Martin Does Not Think That He Can Be
Reinstated,
Special Cable Despateh to THR SUN

LONDON, Sept. 27.--A despatch to the Daily
Newa from Shanghai says that Dr. Martin,
President of the Imperial University at Pekin,
has arrived there. He says there is little hore
for the restoration of the Emperor, the re-
actionary party being too strong. He doea
not expect that the chaos now prevailing will
be ended for some time

Imperia! edicts were issued on Sept. 21, con-
ferring posthumous honors on Chun Yi, the
Empress Dowager's brother, who committed
suicide at Pao-ting-fu, and Gen, LA Ping Heng,
who was killed in action with the allied forces,

ROBERTS NOT TO RETURN AT ONCE,

Says He Fears Ele Cannot Reach London With
the Volunteers by Nov, &

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept, 26 The Lord Mayor
ceived the following message from Gen. lord
Roberts:
“The City of Lo don Imperial Volunteers will
reach London before Nov. 6. I fear I cannot
return so soon.’

has re-

Rabbing Bryan Into Theatregoers.

Tammany Hall has bought a page in the pro-
gramme of every theatre in the city, on which
it prints as an advertisement advice to the
playgoera to vote for the Democratic national
and State tickets. The advertising matter will

appear in every programme trom now until
el. ction day The space is taken up with euch
matter as this: “Sustain the Declaration of In-
dependence! Trusts stifle competition!
“Our unholy war against the Filipinos cost the
country $20 ,000.600 and 5,060 yo ng American
lives! “We want no colontes under the Amert-
can flag!"’

For Mayor of Amsterdam,

26. -The Demoorats
bominated Michael

AMSTERDAM, N.Y, Sept

of Amsterdam to-nignot
Colewan jor Mayor

Everything |

 

FOR ASSEMBLY, REPUBLICAN

Nominations in This County To-night—Some
of the Candidates.

The Republican Assembly District conven-
tions for the nomination of candidates for the
Assembly will be held in New York county
this evening. The Kepublicans expect to
capture several districts now represented by
Democrats, besides the Twenty-ninth, in which
they regard victory as assured

Itis expected that M. J. Herney will be
nominated in the Third, and he
has assured the Republican managers

that he can put up @ campaign that will reduce
the Democratic majority there materially
All the district leaders are seeking candidates

who willstrengthen the genera! ticket In the
Fifth Dr Nelson H Henry the present Asseme
bl, man, will be renominated) Dr Henry had

a hard struggle for election last year, and the

Tammany organization fought him right
through the Board of Canvassers He won
by a few votes His reelection is considered

asure thing. An effort is being made to have
ex-Assemblyman Charles S. Adler take the
nomination in the Elahth, which be bas formed

a habit of carrying In the Nineteenth Julius
H Seymour is talked of Last year the Re
yublicans lost the Nineteenth througha Citizens’
Tnion-Tammany deal against Mazet They
say there is no doubt about the r rewaining it

The followers of Capt. F. Norton Goddard
in the Twentieth are going to nominate John
G. Shea. He was the candidate last year and
made a strong run. In the Twenty-first the
convention will nominate William 8, Bennet.
‘The Austin delegates may vote against Ben
net

In the Twenty-fifth Assemblyman John A,
Weekes will be renominated In the Twenty.
sixth Frank A. Sovak, who in 1896 came within
twenty-six votes of being elected, will run
again Asaeniblyvinan Davis will be renomi-
nated in the Twenty-seventh In the twenty-

ninth there is a contest between
ex-Assemblyian Frank Bulkley, who was
turned down in 18%, and A L. M. Bullewa,

each of whom declares that he has a majority
of the delegates The Republleans lost this
district in 1800, when ex-Alderman Homer
Folks, a Citizens’ Union man, was their can-
didate. In the Thirty-first, where Assembly-
man 8. 8. Slater has been nominated, there is
a friendly contest between Arthur L. Sherer
and George Henry Payne In the Thirty-
fourth Sigmund Fuest is put down for the nom-
ination

All of the district leaders have told President
Greene of the County Committee that there la
harmony {n their territory, and that where
there are contests they are fiiendly and will
leave no hard feelings

BRYAN COLLEGE MEN.

A Hundred of Them Organize Under Tam-
many's Sheltering Wing.

A hundred ex-students of various institu.
tions of learning gathered at the Savoy last
evening to form the [Democratic College Men's
Club of New York Councilman Stewart M
Brice, who spent sume time at Harvard, called
the meeting to order and George Gordon Battle,
University of Virginia, was elected temporary
ohairman

Then John Alden, a Rutgers man, moved that
all who enrolled as members should give the
name of their college and the year of their class

This motion was understood by several of
the gentlemen present to mean that no man
could enroll unless he had a degree, and about
twenty objected vigorously

Mr. Battie axplained that the club would not
inquire how long a tnan had been tn college

here were expressions of relief A com-
mittee appointed to nominate officers reported
as follows; For President, H. De Forest baldwin,
Yale, '85; Vice-Presidenta, John De Witt Warner,
Cornell,'72
"01; Secretaries, AB Kerr, Yale, ‘97; L. J Tomp-
kins, New York University, 00; Treasurer, Lewts
Nixon, United States Naval Academy, and an
Executive Commit toe

Mr. Baldwit) declined the premceney say ing
he was too busy. Mr. Battle was substitute
for him

John W. O’Brien offered a resolution indorsing
Bryan and Stanchfield This was referred to
the Executive Committea. “Of course we are
for our candidates,” said Mr. Brice. They
adjourned

 

OFFERS TO STUMP FOR HM'KINLEY.

Prominent Michigan Demecrat
Deserts the Bryanized Party.

Derroit, Mich., Sept. 26-—-The Democrats
of Calhoun county were thrown into a spasm
to-day when they learned that ex-Mayor Ed-
ward R. Loud of Albion, a lifelong Democrat,
who was siated for the nomination as County
Treasurer on the Democratic ticket, had pub-
Hely announced that he could not stand Bryan
He even went so far as to enroll himself in the
McKinley and Roosevelt marching club list,
and to-day offered his services as a stump
speaker to the Republican State Central Com-
mittee. The changes of the past two weeks
have utterly demoralized the Democratio forces
{n the State, and outside of Mayor Maybury’s
personal canvass for Governor no speakers
have been arranged for.

HAVE CROKER'S EAR.

Another

 

ABSALOMS

 

Thousands" of Young Orators Write to Him
~Growl of the Aged.

At the Democratic Club last evening the Hon.
Richard Croker gave a practical exhibition of
the deep interest he takes in the young men by
spending all his time in conversation with them,
neglecting the old-timers who were hanging
around to get a word with him. The old-timers
called = the young men “cubs” and
other names even leas pretty, and
that Mr. Croker had no right to neglect
the men who carried their districts
sake of a lot of youngsters
with the young men about the horrible future
Republican success held in store for them Ha
said that
apeeches had resulted in ra ny of them writing
to him for advice as to the proper way to begin,
“How many have written to you, Mr. Croker?*
asked a voung man
“A great many,” said Mr. Croker
“A hundred?’

“Oh, yes: hundreds, thousands,” safd Mr
Croker,” “but I'm not going to tall how many

 

EXPEDITION FROM CAMP M'KINLEY.

Paraders Help Netghbors Raise Banners and
Come Back for a Rally in the Tent.
The McKinley Guards, 300 «trong, headed by
a band, left Camp McKin ey, at 126th -treet and
Seventh aventie, last night and marched to
124th street and Elghth avenue, where they
helped in a banner rai-ing by the Colored Re-
publican Club, Then they went to 115th street
and Madison avenue, where they helped the
Mount Morris Republican Club raise another

banner. After that they paraded back to their
headquarters, where they joned ina rousing
rally that was in progress. ‘ihe principal speak-
er there was J. J. Russell a lawyer iiving in the
district, who was a delegate to the Kansas City
Convention, but has since come out for McKin-
ley

 

Passolo Repablicans Still in Deadlock,

PaTERion, N. Jd, Sept. 26-—The third session
of the Passaic County Republican Convention
is being held to-night at Turn Hall ‘The dead-
lock of the Shrievalty nomination {se unbroken,
John Wright retains 68 votes, John W. Sturr, 48
votesand John J. Slater 25 votes. Forty bal-

lots were taken this evening up tolli5 whena
reo ss was ordered this makes 441 ballota
votedinall. There isno j;rospect of a brevk
Delegate Foxhall of Passaic mov dto adjourn,
giving the chairman powe'to appolnta com-
mittee to fill vacancies, but this proposed solu-
tion of the difficulty was not entertained

 

Sick-a-bed does nothing;
Half-sick does only a little;
Ayer’s Pills can do everythin
for both sick-a-bed and half-
sick folks.

All druggists, °5 centa a box.

J. C. Aver Company,
Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass

Ayer's Sarsaparilla Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Pills Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Ague Cure Ayer's Comatone

and George T. Goldthwaite, Harvard, |

said |

ST a a NR TL ke) ok A a a al

EMBER 27, 1900.

| preciated,

 

for the}
Mr. Croker talked |

 
 
 

ETI TT

 

Pe

 

The distance traveled by a

biscuit or wafer

seal Patent Package"

in the “In-er-
does

not affect tts good quality.

No moisture, dust, odor, or germ can penetrate to
the delicate, crisp baking enclosed in the “In-er-seal
Patent Package.” Whether it’s opened at home,
on an outing, or in far-away lands, the baking is

fresh as if just from the oven.

The best products

of the world’s best bakers are now sold in the
“In-er-seal Patent Package”—

Soda Biscuit
Milk Biscuit
Butter Crackers
Saltines
Banquet Wafers
Sultana Fruit
Graham Biscuit
Sea Foam
Gotmeal, Bisout
Ginger Sna
Handmade Pretzeleties
Vanilla Wafers

Look for thia seal on both

ends of the packuge are

National Biscuit Company.

 

 

 

 

ROBERTS PRAISES CANADIA!

Inspects the Regiment Before It Leaves Pre-
toria for Home,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

Preronia, Sept. 25. en. Lord Roberts to-day
inspected six companies of the Canadian regi-
ment, who were about to take a train for Cape
Town on their way home after a year's service
in South Africa. Crowds were present, and
the seene was a brilliant one,

After the march past Gen, Roberts addreasea
the troope. He thanked them for
cellent work, which, he said, he #reatly ap-
partioularly at Paardeberg. He
was sure the people of Canada had learned
with pride how gallantly and splendidly

had behaved. He deplored the fact that
the Canadians had suffered pretty
heavily. The regiment had had 160 killed or

wounded, but there could be no war without
losses. He regreted the neo ssity for some of
the troops returning home before the others,
but he recognized that private affaires required
their presence in Canada. He was confident
that their excellent service would never be for-
gotten by the Queen and the British people
Lord Roberts concluded by saying that {if he
ever visited Canada he hoped he would meet
the regiment. His speech was greeted with
cheers.

 

GUNS THROWN INTO THE RIVER.

Gen. Hamilton Finds Two of English Make
Left by the Boers Near Hectorspratt.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonpon, Sent. #, lord Roberta reports As
follows from Pretoria under yesterday's date:

 

“Ian Hamilton found in the Crocodile
River, near Hectorspruit two English
twelve-pounders, two 75-millimetre (reu-
gota, two 88-inch Krupps, one 75-millf-
metre Vickera-Maxim, two pompoms, one
English mountain gun and three muzzle

loaders, most of which had been destroyed,
There was ulso considerable débris of gun car-
riages and there are probably more guns in the
river

“Pole-Carew reports that there f an enor

mous amount of rolling stock on the mata
and Selath Unes in good order. The
vehicles extend for efght miles on the
Belati line alone Komatipoort, Pole-Carew
says, ia indeseribably fithy le has tele-
graphic communication = with Lorenzo Mar-
ques"

 

RUSH OF TRANSVAAL REFUGEES.

 

Portaguese Authorities at Their Wits’ End to
Care for Them.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN.

LONDON, Sept. 26.—A despatch from [Lorenzo
Marques says:
sailed for Furope to-day. Her passengers
were chiefly Hollanders, Germans and Boers,
She carried a large quantity of bar gold. Prest-
dent Kroger remains at the Government
House.

“Two hundred more Boers arrived here to-day.
They state that all the guns which they left at
Komatipoort were irreparably damaged or
buried

end of the year, and they are determined to

resiat till it gives out.

| Machado of Portuguese East Africa ts at his

his advice to young men to make !

ee .

wita’ end as to how to provide for the penniless
and starving refugees from the Transvaal.”

Mrs. Kroger Is Feeble.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
LONDON, Sept. 26.—A despatch from Pre-
toria says that in the opinion of her physician
Mrs. Kroger is too feeble to travel to Lorenzo
Marques to join her husband She will be
obliged to remain in Pretoria.

In Pursalt of DeWet.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Pretoria, Sept. 24—A strong mounted
force under Col. Delisle left to-day in pursnit of
Gen. De Wet. Each man has two horses and
the gun teams are doubled) The transport is
carried in Cape carts

Silver Republican Nomination to Bryan,

CHIcaco, Sept. 26.—Mr. Hopkins, chairman of
the Silver Republi: an committee to notify Mr.
Bryan of bis nomination by that party, sub-
mitted his letter of notifoation to Chairman
Jones at Democratic headquarters to-day, and
it wa. forwarded to Mr. Bryan It will not be
made public until Mr. Bryan gives his reply.

The Weather.

The high pressure area continued over the Atlantic
States yesterday. The centre was over the south
Atlantic States causing southerly winds along the
coast, with warmer weather, A second area of high
pressure was moving down over Montana attended
by a cold wave, The temperature In Montana, the
Dakotas and Wyoming dropped 10 to 22 degrees and
was from 4 to 14 degrees below freezing point There
was killing frost in Montana, Washington and the
Dakotas. The cold was working southeastward
into the central States. Fair weather was quite gen-
eral, save for scattered showers In Kansas, Missouri,
Nebraska, [owa, northern Ulinois, Wisconsin and
Michigan.

In this city the day was fair and slightly warmer;
wind light to fresh southerly; average humidity 67
per cent; barometer corrected to read to sea level at
BA. M, 80,22; 3 P. M., 80.1]

‘The temperature as recorded by the oficial ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMeial— Sun's —OMelal—~ Sun's.

1900. "1888. leon 1H00, 1890. 1LeOe
OA. M.47 6° ane) 4P. M..75° 6a? 73°
12M 746 70 72° @P. M..460° Se° Ay"
3 P. M..81 72 76° 12 Mid.. 68° 55° 6a*
WASHINGTON PORFCAST FOR TODAY AND

ro MORROW

For New England, fair today and tomorrow;

colder to morrow; fresb south to west winds

For eastern New York, ecstern Pennsyleanta, New
Jersey, (he District of ( columbia, Delaware, Maryland
and Vireinia, fatr to-day and tomorrow; colder to-
night and fo morrow; fresh south to west winds.

For western Pennsylvania, fair and colder today
and to-morrow; fresh northwest winds,

For western New York, falr and colder today and
to-morrow; fresh west winds.
A MATTER OF INTEREST TO REAL
ESTATE DEALERS,

All necesvary Real Eatate News is printed in
complete detatl each day in THRE SUN. You need
this in your business. No other paper gives
euch attention to this detall.—Adv,

 

 

“The German steamship Herzog |

The burghers who are still in the |
| fleld have enough ammunition to last to the

Governor General |

| ret

their ex- |

aul |

 

REVEALED HIS tDENTITY.

 

Witkes-Barre's Mysterious Prisoner Gives His |

Real Name,
WILKES-BARRE, Pa, Sept. 26—dames A
Snyder, alias Walsh and Adams, the mysterious
prisoner at the county Jail who says he
has inside information regarding the will of
the late Dr W. A Hoag of New York city,
which he offered to give the widow if she in
irn would settle a charge of horse-etealing
preferred against him, was placed on trial to-day
for He a distinguished-
looking mar 49 and has aroused great
interest armong professional men with whom he
has been o rresponding sings his incarceration
To-day for the first time he revealed his identity
He claims Newburg, Mo., aa his home, and at
tributes his actions, which led to his arrast, to a
Louls while he was on his
The

ere,

horse-stea!l ng is

spree started in St
Way to Massachusetts to visit relatives
prosecution in the case is a livery man, from
who Snyder, who to-day gave his real name
as Jo h A. Sawyer, hired a horse and rig and
was captured in Wyoming county, where he
had sold it some days later

Saws a bridwe builder and a
superintendent for the st. Louis and San Fran-
clsoo Railroad Company and hasa wifeand three

says he is

children, Since his arrest he has devoted |
his time to letter writing and has interested
many wealthy residents here and elsewhere

in his case under pretenoe that he came of an
old New England family, was a graduate of one
of the prominent colleges of the country, a
Mason, 4c. In his letter to the widow of Dr
Hoag. who left a mysterious will, he volunteered
to give the secret of {ts making provided she
would bailhim ont and forward his transpor-
tation. The jury in the oase retired at noon
to-day, but had not reached a verdict when
court adjourned.

 

SPANISH WAR VETERANS.
Gen. Miles ‘Elected Commander-in-Chief and
Col, Tillman Sentor Vice-Commander,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Lieut.-Gen. Nelson
Miles waa to-day elected Commander-in
Chief of the Spanish War Veterans at the an-
nual encampment. Col. James H. Tillman of
South Carolina was elected Senior Vice-Com-
mander. The official uniform adopted con-
siata of blue coat and gray trousers and hat
with 8S. W. V. in gold letters. J. G. MoMurray
of New York, ©. W. Parker of the District of
Columbin, Major Harold C. Megrew of Indiana,
Col. J. H. Tillman of South Carolina and Capt
G. 8. Andrews of New York city were appointed
a committee to confer with other Spanish war
organlz looking towasd amalgamation

The other officers elected were: Col. W. EL.
Hubbard of New York, Junior Vice-Commander-
in-Chief. Inspeetor-General, Col Frank H
Werrington United States Marine Corps; Judge
Advocate General, Major Charles 8. Miller
of Ohio; Surgeon General, Dr. 8. Clifford Cox
U. 8.N. Sponsor, Miss Clara Barton; Council
of Administration, Col. M. Emmet Urell of
the District of Columbia, Capt. Henry D. Green
of Pennsylvania, Capt. Bernard F. Reenold
of New York, John I Hopper of New Jersey,
Max Fleischman of Ohio, Otto L. Bues of South
Dakota and Harold C. Megrew of Indiana.

tions

SAYS HE WAS A FOOL TO MARKY,
Gay G. Dickinson Repents His Hasty Marriage
to Miss Baker.

Guy G. Dickinaon, the son of the late John
Dickinson of Ninety-second street and the
Bhore road, Fort Hamilton, whose secret mar-
riage to Mise Barbara Baker of 178 Thirty-first
street, Brooklyn, became known last week, will
now, itis anid, be pressed to support his wile
bince the nigh! of the marriage, on Aug. 4, she
tays she bas not seen him or heard from him,
and that he has not contributed anythin
toward her support. She has consulted counse
about the case. The marriage certificate, which
had been in the hands of the policeof Fort
Hamilton unull Monday, has disappeared and
all {nform ition regarding {t has been refused
Mrs. Baker, the mother of Mrs. Dickinson, bas
a@ ked for it, but bas not received it,

Guy Dickinson sad last night that he would
neverlive with his wife. He declared that he
was not fn his right senses when be married
her, and that !t would be impossible for him to
think of bringing her into his family. If he had
not acted the part of a fool, be said, the mar-
riage would never have taken place.

OUR DEMAND ON MOKOCCO4
A Warship May Have to Be Sent to Collect
the 86,000 Indemnity.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.—The demand made
by the United States upon the Government of
Morocco for the payment of an indemnity of
$5,000 on account of the death of Marcus Azza-

ul, a naturalized American citizen, who was
Curned to death by a mob at Fez, will be re-
newed when instructions to that effect,
just sent out by the State Departinent, have
reached Consul-General Gurnmere at Tangter,
Heretofore the United States Government
has had no diffeulty in collecting indemnity
from the Sultan of Moroeco, the arrival of an
American man-of-war at Tangier coincident
with a demand for payment always proving
effective. If the Sultan should ignore the
cond demand that course will probably be

ollowed

| METHODIST COLLEGE IN ROME.

Women's Misston of the Methodist Charohk o@
New York Gets Permission to Establish One,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Rom®, Sept 26.—The Government has author~
| ized the Women's Miasion connected with the
| Methodist Church of New York to acquires
I palace and establish a college here.

The Rev Dr Willard F Ottarson, pastor of

 

the West Fifty-sixth street Methodist EK
| copal Church, when seen at his home, 25 West
Sixty-fifth street last night said: “That is
} good news if true and I believe it is The
; Inission was founded by American women a
| number of years ago, and the Methodist Bishops
who live there are men of considerable dipe
lomatic ability The new King o° Italy has
already granted to them a number of valuable

| privileges

THE WERRA HAS A ROUGH TRIP,

Encounters a Severe Storm Three Days Ow@
From New York Now at Gibraltar,

Special Cable Despatchto TAR SUN,

GIBRALTAR, Sept 26-The North Germas
Lloyd steamer Werra, from New York, whioh
was two days overdue at this port, has arrived,
She reports having encountered a fearful gale
when three days out from New York, The
storm lasted fifty hours

A number of seas boarded the veasel end
the water getting to the flreroom quenohed
the fires, leaving the vessel without steam, For
some time her position was critical.

IRVING TO AID GALVESTON FUND,

Will Conduct a Special Performance at the
Drary lane Theatre on Oot, 16.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Sir Henry Irving, at the
n‘ressman Thomas Ochil-
tree of Texas and other Americans, has arranged
& special performance at the Drury Lane Thea-
tre on Oct. 8 in behalf of the sufferers by the
at Galveston Messrs) Wyndham and
Tree and other persons prominent in the theate
rical world will codperate with Sir Henry,

Lonpon, Sept
suggestion of ex-(«

oA

storm

Dady Lowers Prices in His Havana Contract.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

HAVANA, Sept. 26.- Gen. Wood and Mr,

Michael Dady had a conferenoe to-day regard-

ing the latter's contract for city improvements,

The matter of prices was discussed. These will
be much more moderate than they were
originally Under the new arrangements
protably 40 per cent. more work will be done

for two-thirda the original estimate.

|

Earl Howe Dead. (a4

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN, wr
LONDON, Sept. 26.—Earl Howe is dead, ’

Richard William Penn Curzon Howe was
born in 1832 and entered the army in 1888, He
became a Generalin 1880 and retired in 1881,
He served in the Kaffir war in 1852, was military
secretary to the Commander-in-Chief in India
in 1864, and was an aide to Sir George Cathcart
at the siege of Delhi. His heir is Viscount
Curzon, member of Parliament for the Wycombe
division of Buckinghamshire.

Reorganization of the Soctalists,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Paris, Sept. 26—The Soctalist Congress
yesterday decided to reorganize the former
international association, with headquarters
at Brussels. The Figaro sharply criticises the
various governments for being more conserva-
tive than ever in their treatment of the Soclal-
ists.

 

30,000 Pilgrims Blessed by the Pope.
Special Cadle Despatehto THs SUN,
Romm, Sept. 26-—-The Pope, who appeared
to be in excellent health, pronounced a benee
diction on 30,000 pilgrims in St. Peter's to-day,
There were 80,000 persons present.

|
Sixteen Killed in French Railway Wreck.
Special Cadie Despatch to THR SUN,
Pants, Sept. 26 — Sixteen persons were killed
in a railway collision at Bealers, Department ef
Herault, to-day.

Austrailan Gold Coming Here.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
Sypney, N. 8. W., Sept. 26 —The steamer Alad
meda, which salled henoe to-day for San Frane
cisco, has on board 800 000 sovereigns.

 

Movements of Naval Vessels,

WASHINOTON, Sept. 26.—The collier Alexandep
has sailed from Port Said for Singapore on her

way to Taku, the gunboat Vicksburg from New
port for Roston to prepare for service in Asiatia

' th

for Newport.
The former Spanish gunboats Alvarado and
Sandoval, captured at Guantanamo, Cuba,have
been ordered from Portsmouth, N. H.,, to An-

waters, and the torpedo boat Craven from

| napolls to be used as practice veasels f
| cadets of the Naval Academy. ot

 

° has a satisfi

The man who smokes

Old Virginia Cheroots8

‘*glad I have got it”

@ expression on his face from the time @

® he li

pits one.
not be

He knows he will .
disappointed.

No matter mm

@ where he buys one—Maine or Texas,

° Florida or

lifornia—he knows they
will be just the same as those he gets
g at home—clean—well made—burn
even—taste good—satisfying |

Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroots smoked this
year. Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for § cents,

Suen

“