)-EYED DEMOCRACY.

COCKRAN,

It Reems the “Old Democrats’ Conferred and

Tried te Find an Epidemic Issae, bur G
Up—Only Sporadic
Americans Seek a Wise Lea
to, Face Our Inevitable Mighty Future.

To mune Epitor ov Tuk Sun
happily, only a few-—of the prominent Dermo-
crate who supported Mr
election are now hurrying over to the Bryan-
fzed Democracy,
to the unprejudiced outsider, except that they
may have @ hand in the reorganization of the
party after it
defeat ani after the leaders who are respon-
gible fur that defeat shall have reaped the
humiliation

Now -Wise
7 With Whom

 

—

confidence,

the seeds for tho past four years
efficient reason for the position of these Demo-
if they were
Justified in supporting the Republican candi-
dates and the Republican policy in 1894, It would
eeem to all reasonable men tnat thero is in-
finitely more justification for their doing so now

EXCELLENTLY PEW.

flappily for the country, the chief excellence
‘of this class at this particular juncture lies in
{ta numerical insignificance,
they are endowed, in a peculiar measure, with
the spirit of prophecy, and they are willing that
take any riak, provided

unapparent

They all feel that

the country should
only it aecept them as its prophets
those of \1s, however, who are not willing to bet
the ecountry~—and it is a rather
Cockran are

tho prosperity 0
right and the rest of the world quite wrong
And, besides, some of us rather suspect, from
the disingenuous way in which these ge. Uemen
their school

that we can dletect a rather strong odor of false
we can ali

 

pt
children to nivn, but in a case «
should have liked a taste of
Ppolloy of the «
We should have some means for passing upon
the value of thelr
to whom they

he constructive

appeal would be supplied with

can best judge as to whether a party should be |
fotrusted with
it wonld have

OLD DEMUOCKATS SOUGHI

Ve KNOW ON
one had It had the power
ISSUK AND FOUND

The strangest feature of the present situation
ig that practically no two of Mr
orters are in agreement as to what constitute
he issues of the canmaign
Old Democrats find nothing in which they ean
take issue with the Republican party, whire the
Bry anized Demacracy
srecisely at every
he support of the Old Democrats
It is known ww
Mr Bryan's nomin
orats in the East ev
themselves a sort
the object being to
be made by tl
which. would reall
the voting community I
tion they abandoned their sé
t they could not

Bryan's sup

taken issue with

of us that not lon
tiona number of: Old Den
together and constituted
committee tn seare! f
issue which

 

 

much consideras
They decided
take issue with the Repub-
auestion of
if them were in favor af the
th In, or respect

 

 

cause the mas

id standard and had uo |

 

 

 

6 national growth

Willing to declare

] aggreates of
to he respon

existence, because (he

binations of ©)
of eoonomilc

the tnevitable ras

 

 

unity, and thar
gen tripossihie for
impossible for
world’s markets

hold, our prima

its task, and

we there seems to have risen a

 

pow in ita ys

Massachtiaefts

Comm tunity
imrerialien

s that the issue is

  

are not t be biamed becatise of the! {
existenve of triste, and deserve the
of the community
with regard t

Gommities on

In New York the

ment stores In the South
committees says ri

“etpansion” is the issie
ur_ history,

Ro, in the first time
ly have a party hone-
y divided a4 to what constitutes the issue
arty wholly without an issue, other than
ssue of outside va. inside

ATRANOR TRACHINGS OF STRAY PROPHETS
are given for support-
ine Mr Bryan are various and strange
this, that the Republican party hes really carried
out the pledges of ite platform of 1816,and can |
be trusted to go even further and pas addi-
the next seasion of

tlonal good legislation at

Republicans
mischievousness

pthis suggest

rare moral obliq:
n Mie event «
the Republic
the popular wil!
Administration
nullifying the will «

   

 

the interim .
in, pass laws

   

   

to he the teaching of
but of political righteousness
oltdoing party

what most of us believe
political decency

 

that for him
unoblectionable, from
Lineoln to Mr MeKinley

inge enouwsrh teaching, but Mr

neradicable fault

This ia a str

yoseihility of a rewolution in the currency
4 willing to pay i panic in order
he election of the man whom he dis
likes and misgruete
aboo which he has «
OM HIS HIGH ESTATE

Olney has but little, tt

, more respect

 

 

hie chief causes of complaint ts

dent listens altogether tor 1 to the popi
His letter is scarcely more than a vitu
He declares that

tenets of Bryar

Into office because
“syndicated Government”
consequences

more than he feara

ylete inexperience in and lack
or executive offic

eovernment
possible for him, so far as the present Ad-
ministration
finger on a single acto
of the President, on a single act

of the Cabinet or o to officer, which

Can he find one «ingle n the histors
nt Administration whi
J@ charge, aa did the finane

munist ration

 

vas himsel?

when practically the entire

Democratic and Republicar
rese in complaining

nancial syn .
fle knows that
ernment then

OVErH Ment 10%

On the quest
in almost hx

    

 

» svudicated

he leaves usa
bl as to What he really
@ M5 heympathy with the
war with Spain mplain of the
acquisition of the Philippines, and it is not long
ago that he wrote one og the moet |ugd articias
our time on thes
necessity for our taking our |
But now he
policy in China {s
about to join |

8; but sureiy h
Tt would be interesting for Mr
what Mr. McKinley

MeKinley's
That we are

   

know better than

 

has done w

the sam osition

Our Minister was attacked, ins solution at ace \
recedent of civ

ternational hb

ave abandon

only @ half-hearted sul

 

 

for his protection?
Olney's history

ive done other than Mr Hav has done: or
e would have done differantiy, then we « n
believe that Mr
the gentiema:
fonroe Doetrine te ins

fus who know Mr
believe that

 

extreme limite

 

eminence av

 

guite willing

    

 

1 Advanced before

tie
® whioh he
several paragraphs

—E eee

   

    

ments cannot be answered because they have
no relation to fact. They are like the sen-
tences and decrees of the Indian patriarchs,
concelved spontaneously, without reference
to experience. The feeling which lis letter
produces is one of sadness, for the man from
whom the greatest things were expected has
become thoroughly commonplace, and treats
the Administration in the manner of an irre-
sponsible and unreasoning werd orator, until
we stop to ask if it can be true that so great
4 talent has fallen into decay

COCKRAN'S FINE OLD CLASSIC FRARS
Mr. Cockran'g fear-and a. fine classio or
acatemic fe is -ia of standing armies; fear

ot a broker, treasury, because of the demands
of the soldier: fear Of a lost liberty, because of
the man on horseback, tear of economic
aster, because our fields will be depleted of

labor in the maintenance of an impertalistio |

Admin

   

army And all thie simply because the
istration i« performing its duty of reducing the
Philippines to an orderly society, because it

 

has joined the rest of Christendom in an armed
protest against barbarism,and becatiae it insists
hat the Cnited States shall not be excluded by
a conspiracy of European States from ite rights
in the world’s markets

 

 

Mr. Cockreo, like the reat, purposes te vote
for Mr Bryan chiefly because he has no fal
that Mr Bryan will carry out his sledges: with

regard t the currency. This ta not flattering
to the candidate, who is now trying to make it
clear that Mr Olney and Mr. Schurz and Mr
Cockran are wrong, for in nis letter of accept-
ance Mr Bryan reaaserta his determination to
do everrthing tn his power to carry out the
programme of 16to1, and gives plainest evidence
of the fact that he ts still the man who made the
Pittaburg speech of 1806, when he stated that
“The free and unlimited coinage of silver means
this: that {f youowea debt, you can go out Into
the market and buy silver and have ft coined

 

   

 

and use that silver to pay your debt, a you
ean now do with gold

It Mr. Bryan's party had left out the flnan-
cial part their platform, we might then
admit that the question of curre was pot
an issue, They have done ncothing of the
kind, They reassert their determination to
carry out the poliey of 16 to 1, ind notwith
standing the threat of financial revolutior
the gentlemen to whom [ have referred blame
us for fearing them and their American

is safe and aane

financial system,” which is
American

a suggestion as would be that of an

siuereal system" or an American tomate
theory,” or @ “system of American physiol-
ogy.”

WHORVFR 18 NOTIN FARNPST, HRY‘N 18

    

The danger lies in the fact that Mr. Bro ar
in deud earnest, and the 1 ple are intinitel
more afraid of Bry anism to-morrow !
are afraid of iuperialis: ty afier to

 

 

They are not willing to take it for era
Mr. Bryan will proceed at once to «
series of undefined, vague and nega ve poli

 

 

  
    

Vom

and tako no ineasices whateve ‘ out
the only policy upon which he has declared
himeelf affirmatively, openly, precise and
fanatical

It is not a theory that Mr. Rryan would — ‘
lutionize our system of currency if he conld
It ic a certainty, and all of the consequences
that is, disaster and ruin—are known
the consequences of what these gentle:
see fit to call imperialism, they are theort
pure and simple. It will take the bre ad out
of no one’s mouth, the shirt © " e's b wk

etior r

Bryan he elected
has to walt

} But if Mr

even though he A Congress to

 

carry out his will—will have all the direful con-
sequences of pant If there be those who
do not believe this, they have only to turn bac!
to the surmmer of 146 to see what may resuit
from a atmple fear that our standard
of value is to be disturbed These anti-
imperialist gentlemen are le WwW g
to pay the price of a panic for thelr theory. |
Some of us, however, are like Bismarck, tnd are

willing “to sefM our theories extraordinariy
cheap Above all, we are not willing Volun-
tarily to run the risk of drowning tn order to
escape the consequences of a predicted shower

It will be time enough to ches rmiperialiam

       

 

  

when it makes « »sign of real vitality Menan-
while it is not necessary to comuit tinancial
suicide through fear of it. T fact is that
this issue of waperialiem is the happy hunt
ing ground of the politically lonesome, who
shudder at the igability of their pre-
dicarment { almost any ground for

    

 

 

 

   

    

| revising ipostasy of four years ag
Iv S AMBRICANISM,; NOT IMPERIALISM
They certainly know that the present situa-
tion was not the President's seeking, Spain |
had ceased to be a world power, We were to!
| bec mie. The result is part of an inevitable
evol which has been going on eince the
seeds of ereatness Were first planted in America
and the seeds of decay in Spain, li th OI
teenth century, The Spanish war Was inevita-
ble, and most of its resulta beyond the contra!
of any administration, Mr, McKinley has
FouKht no responsibilities whatover He has
weighed each s and taken only those whieh
Inost of ts be » apy other adm Uustraiion
would Lave felt itself compelled to take, Still
he has feared no respons ty that success
has forced upon his administration The only
responsibility he has shrunk from, and from
whieh he now shrinks, is the handing over of
the State to his successor, in a position of less

dignity, of leas influence in the

  
 

 
  
 

wit! weakened claim to the respect and to |
mankind. What i nplained
lisin is only the and

     

atur

 

essary consequence of our t that place
in the world which economic progress and the
evohition of {nteruational relations have f
upon us. It is only a phase of the struggle for
eristence among the races: only a phase of
the survival of the fittest, which is but another
name for the victory of the best
SELF-GOVERNMENT FOR SAVAGES

Never before to-day has any one seriously
advanced the right of the savage
of territory legitimately conquered in a i
| mate war, and legitimately acquired by treaty
at the close of that war, to govern himsel’ in-
dependent of any right on the part of th ac

   

  

 

 

 

 
 
  

   
   

quiring State, independent of the police con-
‘trol of the new sovereignty Such teaching

earried to its logical coneluston would mear

the reversal of the whole tural order It

would mean the end of progresa Had suen

a rine prevailed in the past, civilization would

have been an impossibility We are all sorry

that the Magoyan fellow we no clothes

and cannot read or write, ¢

above ten, and that he

Mow ail in Kipling's story,

terms of Intimacy with the  beasta

fleld Ane st Americana think,

that we can de beet fe him and

America {f, tustead leaving hin

himself in the name of liberty under a systein

which would perpetuate hi savagery, re

throw our arms about hirn and compel him

to keep the peace, and teach him how to y

    

    

freedum as a protecting civilivaticz r
the few Tagalogs led by Aguinaldo, whose
divine right to govern ts eonceded by nobody
but M: Atk n and the ‘
half-cascves Whose money

has been spending, any SW ‘
ernment as they would have set up would

have been infinitely more tn violation of the
right of the majority to govern itself than any-
thing that our Go ‘ernment has Cone or ean di

for ramember that not only is our Government
strong and can carry out its decrees,
order, supply a system of edueati« .
transportation,courteof Justice and an intelligent
and progressive system of law—n oh
would have been poasible forAguins

 

 

Y s 0

   

Government but that while aguinaldo hasno title |

| we have the best of titles, viz. tithe by conquest
and by treaty, which, all bumbugging aside, is
the best title from the beginning of the world
Nevertheless, the anti-imperialists ask the
| United States Government to retire from th
{siands, utterly disregarding, among other
things, the actual fact that Aguinaido, instead
of being the reyniariy chosen leader of the
mixed peoplea of the Philippines, is simply a disa-
contented, ambitious, revolutionary, self-chosen
leader of # part of one race, who has asserted
his right to govern the lslands without any war-
rant whatever from the other peoples, and who
has througchout been sustained by the money of
a group of Chinese half-castes, who have grown
rich in exploiting the labor of the islands, and
who instigated and supported the Aguinrldo
rebellion against the American programme be
cause they fear American success would result
in such a rise in wages and auch an improve-
ment in the standard of living as to make the
economic servituds in which they hereto.
fore held the laboring classes of the islands Im-
possible forever hereafter

  

 

have

    

 

 

 

BUYAN'® PARTY OP CONTRACTION
It is no more in the nature of things, it is
no more “in the course of human events,” that
Mr. Brvan should he elected upon the’ issue
of the sneeees of expansion in 1000 than that
the ‘Torles should have hee uecessful upon
the issue of independence, w 1 was the a
seqlience the expansion that preceded the
Revolution: or that Mr. Cass should ‘
cured from the American people the eondern-
nation of the principle of expansion after the
Mezican War: or that Mr. McClellan should

heen successful

\ sue of the
isruption of the Un

is that the

upon the is
on The fact

 

Democratie part which during the first half
of the closing century was the party of expar
sion and prowres*

   
  
 
 

uid, therefore, the successfu

 

   

nart amie the ur ‘ on, nd
has been since almost continuously exeluds
from power by the people Mr Cleveland and
friends would have made the rorat ic
party a progressive one, would have held to
ita older teachings; but Bryanism has taken the

we of Democra wid Mr Bryan has made
it a party of contraction, Opposed to territor

expansion, opposed to the expansion of our b af
ness, opposed to the expansion of our credit,
opposed to expansion of gold cur-
rency, opposed to the expansion of our pros-
perity; oppesed to all expansion save only the

 

the

 

 

     

 

expansion of our claim to national dishonor,
of our title Ww national shame
FCONOMIC RBUPREMACY t IHF WORLD OUR
DESTINY

Mr. Bryan and his friends seem to be in «n-
premest ignorance the fact that, if we have
net already won, w rtainiv are rapidly win-
ning the economic supremacy of t\ !
To-day Europe mes to us for es ne
England, Russian, Germany and Sweden have
cometo ustor loans for their national treasnries
They all come to us for steel and tron: some «of
them are beginning to come to us for coal us

Staten Istand May Be More Conventent
asa dwelling spot. Its advantages and desirability
will be set forth in Sunday's SUN, Sept & Real
Estate Brokers and. those contemplating bullding

their own bomes will dp well w read Ik —Ade.

dise |

| grow)

| modern international la

 

 

world, and |

| pared with

irced |

if

 

eye

THE SUN, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.

 

 

well
per, our cotton, our oll, our wheat and our
whole line of food products, Hussla asks us
to build her men-of-war and to supply her with
coal in Asia, South Africa, South America
and Australia consume our manufactured
goods in preference to all others where we
are able to meet competitive prices, We
are not only the greatest producers of raw
material but the greatest manufacturers
of machinery that the world has ever known.
We are the only country with a production
in almost every department a«ay beyond
our own wants, and with @ population large
enough to manufacture the surplus product

| of our fields and of our mines for the wants

of the entire world, Down to to-day England

has been the great exporting nation, Her
greatness Was based upoo the fact
that she had a large surplus poptl-
lation which could) manufacture Ameri-
ean cotton, Australian wool and her own
fron, utilizing her own fuel for power, under

conditions which enabled her to undereell all of
her neighbors. Her position would have been
impregnable if besides the great Instruments
of manufacture coal and tron, and a large
worl population—she had also been able to
own raw material in excess of her own
want Now, we have all of her advantages,
and none of her disadvantages, and her com-
mercial greatness ts destined to succumb to
ours She will continue to bea power, and prob-
ably to be tho finnnelal leader of the world for a
while yet, but ultimately the power is to pass
to us
AND WE WILL MAKE JHE BOUNDS OF CHRISTEN=
DOM WIDER YET

Given the natural benefits which we enjoy,
our ultimate development depends spon our
financial and jitleal position in the com-
munity of nations. The same tendencies that
have inede us the greatest, hs richest, the most
progressive of modern States
the highest average

 

  

 

 

enlightenmert

 
   

our pe
and the greatest general well-being; which |
have supplied us with all the means and ine
atrumentalit of commerce and ranulacture

ind of facilities for the highest intellectual
life, now oblige na to take part in the great

movement of Christendom, which has been
goinw on for centuries for the eivilization of

for extending
iristendom untilthe modern

and the international eom-
Stutes, mo t principles of
shall be coterminous

that isto «

 

the whole world
the boundariesof ¢

omiad State

   

tnunity of

 

 

 

    

    

 

 

  

  

 

 

with the world,

-uppose we ultimat get nothing out. of
either the Philippines China, still, the Ad- |
Ininistration at Id have done just as it has
der The narrow, retail, commercial view-

t, that which is not in sytnpathy with the
arger humanity and the larger liberty, is pre-
Oise the view of Mr. Atki ” It is the nar-

y teaching of stingy ealculation Mr. At
} n would have us take no part in the con-
cert of tha nations because we have p retract
right to do as we please And he thinks that
thie particular eourse would peculiarly entitle
us tu the respect of the bations A man may
f bathe in Vindication of his liberty, but
thy | f the spirit of freedom in so gro-
tesqne a manner does not usually entitle hit
to the reapeet of somety
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC OUR MEDITERRANEANS

If we are to have any place in the settler
ot great ons whieh must immen
affect our ultimate prosperity as a manuolac-
t if and exporting DALion, Wwe Must accept
the responsibilities of our geographi al and
ecomomie phae in the world There is no
lonwer any “Central Sea of Civilization,” as the

literranean was from the days of Homer
to the days of Dante There are two great

jek vin seas, and the United States, and the
1 nit { Stat ; a! nea, ~wHoOY the she rea of
eaeh, in the most favored one. The Atlanti
and Paeitie ive precetormined for us our
place in the Id. Down to to-day our progress
! fa ned by the Atlantic. It has
een the “civilizing sea is the Mediterranean
‘ belore it Now the Pacitie beeor the
tive agent f « tion also ‘ it
first one ‘oat The Far Kast
began to feel » when Japan opened
her floors rid China _can-
‘ up it All of the West-
‘ will we ontributors to
civilizatior f the Fast, There will he
t sane rt of action and reaction Letweeu
i Ur i stat and Asia in the future aa |
t been between the United States and
] ithe past, The taking of the Philip-
5 ie assuming of our preper position
alonwside the other nations in the Chinese
ditieult aro only symptoms of a tendency

 

      
 

     

   

 

 

 

   
 

whic no more control than we can
the m f the tides. The seas are our
highways occuples a position
vith ¢ ir 1 as ho oth nation
has ever ¢ h the Aftla and
Pacific are great Mediterraneans, and we he
‘ the res t each We possess all the
ivantages of a ~at utinental vosition
d all the advantages of a great ar one
We are already t greatest continental power -
and we possess every facility f or becoming the
w“reatest sea power, The only European State |
ch is at all comparable with us fs Pussia,
and the Kussian people are stil hvit 1 the
last century, and the country, moreover, is
| frozen in,

Were [ to be asked what bs the most import-
ant fact fo our national history since our birth
nation, I ould say the fact of growth,
enalled to-day, exparmion. As com-
ali other tacts are secondary
omy The same conditions
tipental expansion tow that
a limit, but a pathway)

 

as @ nati
» as It 1s

this.

’

   
 

Lhica tit
oO

longer

ind ay)
whi h led
he sea is ne

lead to expansion beyond the continent, Just
as the case Alaska they led to expansion
beyond immediate contiguity. If we are to
hold cur own In the we hd « market, to guar-

antea to ourselves that outlet for our manu-

 
    

 

factured goods, without which we can never
| roallve the opr ttles we possess In our
wheat and « f s, in our coal and jron
tines, in our emendous tracts of grazing
land, in our capacity not only to produce the

but to manufacture
welcome and

world

 

al for
yorid as

 

raw inate
‘

 

 

 
       

 

t for the ell—we must
I repel expansion If the takinw of this
position be imper'alism, watch ts the strange
name that haa been | onit by the men
who are afraid of be ealled jingoes,
I lieve that, instead of driving votes away
t wil ive the effect of inevitably at-

toward the Kepublicen party
viam itis as of in per alisim
in people are not afraid,
| devnonst rate that the
ins ace imperialists of

.
tracting vot
If this be inn
o hich the
ind the next ele
t wity of Ameri

   

   
  
 

 

‘

 

EXPANSION, AS OF YORE, BIT VASTER

   
 

      

 

If the territory which has been acquired had
been contiguous, as were Loulsiana and Florida,
Texas and New Mexico, would the self-styled
anti-imperialists condemn the taking? It ie not |
nearly so remote as Californin was when we
acqgtiired that State Do they think that
acquisition was wrong? It is not economi- |
eal in more distant from the United
States than was Alaska Do they con- |
demn the aecuisition of Alaska, notwith-
standing the tremendous wealth it is now

and did they ever assert the right

bringing us
to self-govermnent as they

of the Alaskans

 

 

are now asserting it for the Filipinos? “A new
power has been given to polit'cal organization, |
which is steam: and a bew pervous aystem,
which ts electricity.” And so the sea, instead

of being a barrier, is a pathway, and the best
of pathways

Porto Rieo is not as far from us as Boston
was from New York seventy years ago: nor
are the Philippines as di t for_all purposes
of government and coramerce as New Orleans
was when Jefferson acquired Louisiana. ‘The

  

 
 
 

 

 

government of outlying territory, separated
from us by either land or water promnie no
problem whatever at Uils time which In any
respect diterentia it from the government

    
 

ignous territory

at the array of figures given by Mr
McKinley in bis very remarkable letter of accept.
nee As against the unanimity with which
they point to our prosperity and to our great-
ness, we have nothing but the unanimous
andacity with which they are decried by the
coiners of the word “imperialism,” a word
which corresponds to no fact whatever, for the
thinw with which our adversaries charge ua ts

    

not imperialism, but the natural and necessary
} consequences of our taking that place in the
world which economic progress and the evolu-

tion of international relations have forced upon
us

RPYAN UNLEARNED, UNTRALNED, UNWISE

For the last four years we have been cone
fronted by some of the greatest problems that
can_everbe presented to a people, and Mr
M° Kinley bas done nothing whatevor that hes
notclearty been first demanded by the people Mr
McKinley is precisely the last nan in the world
who has the imperial quality. Mr. Bryan is
far and oway more the sort of stuff out of which
dictators aremade Mr McKinley isa ile ener:
Mr Bryan ts a talker) Mr. McKinley is intere
ested in the opinions of others: Mr. Bryan in
his own alone” For Mr. Bryan the dictates of
history and the decrees of sclence are as nothing
compared with pis own Judgment and the die
tutes of his own will) He has all the qualities
of self-reilant fanaticism, and he Is absolutely
with ,perlence in the treatment of interna.
tonal affairs

t

 

   

  

 
 

In ithkeiy that the American people will
be now so unwise, while many of our great prob-
till in the course of solution as to

   
  
 

 

 

   

 

  

ire

ee the Administration; now while we are

occupied t reing our rights, and doing
our duty by the suppression of the revolutionary
and turbulent elements in the Philippines; in
politically organizing Cuba and Vorto Rica;
In maéauitaining our national dignity in China;
in protecting life of our national represent.
ative there and the lives of our women and
children; in entering upon diploanatica! discus-
sions of the greatest delicacy audof the utmost
hicety? Isit at all likely, I ask, that the
American people will dispense with the
trained services of Mr. MeKinley, of Mr
Hi f Mr. Root, of Mr. Hitelhecock, of Mr
Long, in exe for a Cahine' of Incompe-
tents such as 1only be found 4 he cirele of

Mr Bryan's political and persamad advisers—
fanatics, men willing to throw our
Court into the arena of politics, Con-
ractionists, Populist and Anarchists? Are
to elect to the Presidency of
he ly 1 man who favors the silver
tindard because it permits the repudiation of
who contends that the finances
he count ire in danger because in addi
avingg 3 to lend at low rates at
home, we have surplus money to lend in the
world's markets?

When a man asks for place, particularty

ted State

 

 

England needs our railroad tron, our cop- | for great p

| treatment of international questions,

which have «liven } in the application of the prine iples of liberty

| candidates for

} Thaatiy

, we justified in asking for
ris creden Mr, Bryan had none when
he first ran for the Presidency, and he has
even fewer now. They are the credentia
of the agitator, of the man without practic
experience, either business or in goyern-
ment: the eredentials of fanaticism, of diare-
gard of all of our great national traditions,
and of the great determining factors of our
national history of exceptional unfarmillarity
with the real conditions of international trade,
of the real conditions of national prosperity;
the credentials supplied by a frantic and fa-
natical dasira to secure possession of office,
in order that he may carry into practice ideas,
one-half reactionary, and the other half revo
Jutionary, and all dangerous in the last degree.
BHKYANISM STANDS POR DISHONESTY
His letter of foceptance is not the letter of
the statesman, but the letter of the agitator
In every line It is apparent that the man ia
misled by Lack of experience, of training, of
accurate information, of well-founded con-
vietions: but eager and willing to play on any
string which shall inflame the minds of hia fol-
lowers, and excite the envy, hatred and malice
of the discontented. His follow ers sav beisa
man of character, His letter does not betray
it. Thathe fe, above all things, honest. Again,
his letter does not betray it. The man who
wrote that letter is politically insincere, and
intellectually dishonest, although his life may
be clean and all his bills be paid
And this strikes the keynote of the whole
campaign. It is not expansion, for the ex-
panding has been done. It is honesty, Hon-
eaty in treating the question of the currency
honesty in the treatment of agaregates 0
capital as instruments of our economical prog-
reas; honesty ! carrying out national policies
which are imposed upon us by the necessary

laws of economio evolution: honesty in the
honesty

Pvervwhere, universally, Bryanisin stands
fw dishonesty-—and this it is that confirms
uae in the cheerful confidence of the inevitability
of Mr. Bryan's defeat, W1iLLtaAM MILLS Ivins.

REAL BRYANITES DISGUSTED

At the Manner in Which Brooklyn Leaders
Dodge the Silver Issue,
The action of the Democratic managers in
Brooklyn in eliminating the silver issue from
the handbook distribated among the campaign
epe.kers, on the ground that the organization
is for the gold standard, has caused much in-
dignation among the real Bryan men tn that
borough,and many of themare declaring that
they will not be bound by the instructions of
the managers. Robert Stewart, the lawyer,
ewho was chairman of the United Democracy
inty and prominent in the State
lancie of Chicago Platform Democrats, thus
volved the sentiments of the latter yesterday
“This campaign text book is of Kings county
alone ean understand omission of
reference to the financial issue on the part of

of Kings Cc

 

One the

 

  

the local organization when it waa lukewarm
to say the least, or most, in 1906, insupporting
Mr Bryan, espectaily as the Congressmen
from this county were foreed by the leaders

to vote for the Republican Currency bill in
opposition to the principles and platform of
the party and upon which they were elected
If they inte ded tw renomimate men who be
traved the party in Congress they would hardiv
be foolish enough to have the speakers refer
to the financial issue

   

i do not regard the text book as binding
pon ae ikers. Personally, if I should address
an audience in which any man should throw
up to me questions concerning this issue in
this county J] should not hesitate to invite
him or any advocate of the gold standard to
debate the question then agid there But J be-

lieve it is unnecessary to discuss the financial
questian There are greater que
the people in irpertalisnr and trusis
election of Mr. Bryan this year could not bring
up the financial question for at least two years,
or until after there has heea a change in the
House and Senate, Should Mr. Eryan be elected
i believe that the sentimeut of the people,
especially the Democratic voters, will make,
itealf felt in the next Congressional campaign
and the financial question will be brought
up and discussed then. I am just as firm a
beHever In the free coinage of silver as ever.
Little harm canbe done in onnitding the discus-
sion now, for we shallelect Brvan for four vears

“I think, however, that the amission in this
campaign text was from a far different

   

 

 

 

book

 

  
 

motive. Just as T believe that there ir a design
on the pear many Democrata who opposed
Mr Bryan in 180 to shout for l@m now, so as

to appear regriar, there is a secret purpose of
knifing him, xo as to bring about bis defeat
that they can go back to the principles which
prevailed prior to 1806.”

The Chicago. Platform Democrats are con-
sidering the advisability of nominating «iiver
Congress ailnst the so-called
goid nominees of the Willoughby Street ma-
chine

  
 

 
 

 

COLORED CITIZENS SAY A WORD,

A Public Meeting to Consider Goverament
Without Consent of the Governed,

Th Colored Citizens’ league of New York
after a prolonged maeting at the home of the
Rev. P. Butler Thornpkins, 436 West Thirty-
third «treet, on Tuesday issued a statement
and call for a meeting in which they say:

“An alarming state of affairs exists in the

South. In North and South Carolina, Missis-
sippl and Loulsiana, over 8,000,000 colored
citivena have been disfrancbised directly,

and t all the other Southern Sta tes over 5,0v0,-
000 have been disfranchised by fraud and in-
timidation. This is the work of the Dem-
ocratic party, whose ‘paramonnt issue’ is
{imperialism. Is not this imperialism in

Its
worse form? Haas not the Democratic party
robbed 8,000,000 <Afro-Amoricans of their
citizenship? Is not the Democratic party of
the South and therefore of America governing
8,000,000 of ¥.000,000 colored citizens without
their consent?

“The popular vote of Missiasippl in 1896 was
only 70,545: and that of South Carolina
less than 60,000; by thease two States have as
votes in the Electoral College as Cali-
forina and Minnesota, with a popular vote of
632,319, Mississippi, South Carolina, Georgia
and | oulsiana cast only 403,042 votes, yet these
four States had three more votes in the Electoral
Coleme than New York, which had a popular
vote of 1,423,000,
“[t is for these reasons that the Colored
f New York bas called.a

  

Al

  
 

  

 

( wens’ League «
great meeting at Coc per Union fog Oct, 3. The
Rev. P. Butler Thompkins, pastor @ St James's

Presbyterian Church, will be the temporary
chairman and the Rev, Ernest Lyon, D. D.,,
will be permanent chairman, We appeal to
all citi regardless of race, color or creed,
to come to this meeting to protest astainst this
wholesal disfranchisement of our colored
citizens by the Democratic party and to warn
the nation of the uapending peril,”

CROKER TO THE YOUNG,

   

 

He Apprehends That Trust Government Will
Mean the Foss of Our Liberties.

The Hon. Richard Croker, in following up
his great campaign in behalf of the young men,
whose future he says is threatened, has written
a letter to one of the numerous annexes which
he ia running as adjuncts to his State Com-
mittee in this campaign. This particular an-
nex is the Young Men's League, Mr. Croker
eays:

“One of the most encouraging signs of this
great political fight is the inteiligent activity
of the young men, They realize toat a cou-
tinuance of the Republican policy means that
their future employment will depend on the
will of the trusts. They must choose ag their

master either Mark ftianna or the men he dom-
inates on the one hand, or a government elected
aud controlled by themselves on the other,
‘Trust government means non-employment,
distress, beggary and despair, and will inevit-
ably result in the loss of our liberties I advise
all young men, irrespective of party affiliations,
to read, think, taik and act, Lt is they and they
alone who are to decide whether they will live
under a trust controlied empire, or a republic
founded on the consent of a free people.

‘In other words, the vital issue of this cam-
pelan as far asthe young men are concerned
s whether they will crush the trusta, or whether
they will permit the trusts to crush them. I
will be glad to cooperate in every possible
way to make effective the work of education in
which you are now engaged, The weapon of
the people against trusts, imperialism and
militarism {5s the ballot, and predict that
organizations of your kind will rally an army of
patriotic young Americans that will render
oyal service to thwart those who seek to make
us a nation of trust dependents, subservient
to the wealth of a military p'utocracy. Very
truly yours, HichHs Rp CROKER.”

 

Poll of Votes in a Skyscraper Overwhelmingly
for McKinley.

CHICAGO, Sept. 24.—A poll of the Monadnock
Block, taken yesterday by the Tribune, shows
that the occupants of the aky-scraper are over-
whelmingly in favor of the reelection of Presi-
dent McKinley. Out of a total of 1,180 voters
who were asked to designate their choice for
President, #21, or 78 per cent. signified an in-
tention of votine for the Republican candidate.
Taking the actual number of votes cast for the
two candidates, McKinley bas a majority over
Bryan of 777, Thetollowing are the figures
For McKinley, 921; for Kryan, 144: scattering
6; undecided, 47, non-comnittal, 63; total, 1,180!

It Will Be Well at Least

to udy Staten Island and its advantages, as com-
pared with other desirable homesite districts, &
unday's SUN, Sept. 30.—Adn, “ve

'

coal
he a esi Deters

was |

SILVER MEN FOR CONGRESS

OR ELSE CHICAGO PLATFORM DEMO-
CRATS WILL FIGHT CROKER.

 

 

This Is Awkward, Because the Tammany Slate
Turns Down Three Stiver Congressmen and
Retains One Gold Man~-Chaaler, Riordan,
Rradicy and Levy Are to Be Retired.

The Chicago Platform Democracy of this
State, who were very much disappointed by
the nomination of Stanchfleld for Governor,
have a State organization based on local ot-
ganizations in every Senate district. Since
the nomination they have had several oon-
ferences to decide whether {t would be worth
their while to bolt and nominate an entre
State ticket. It determined finally that as
Stanchfleld has no chance of winning, their
course should be to devote their entire atten-
tion to defeating all the Democratic eandi-
dates for Congress who would not make 4
specific declaration in favor of free silver at

the ratio of 16 to 1.

The Chicago Platform folks belteve that free
silver at 16 to 1 is the heart and soul of the
Democracy of to-day, and their leaders de-
olare emphatically that they would rather see
a Republican representing a Congress district
than a man who calls himself a Democrat but
does not indorse free silver. They take the
same view of the situation that is held by the
Hon George Fred Williams of Dedham, Mass,
Democratic bors of New England, who is seeking
to bring about the defeat for renomination of
Congressman Thayer of Worcester because
he voted for the gold bill

The Chicago Platform Democrate have
served notice on Mr. Croker that they will defeat
every Democratic candidate for Congress who
will not make a specitic pledge of his devotion
to free silver. By doing so they have put Mr
Croker in difficulties. lhe Tammany Congress
slate as it stands to-day provides for the re-
nomination of Congressman Muller in the
Beventh, the substitution of the Assistant
Corporatian Counsel Thomas J. Craemer [or
Congressman Daniel J. Riordan tn the Eighth;
the turning down of Thornmas J. Bradley in the
Ninth, and the nomination in his place of Henry
M. Goldfogle: the renomination of Cununings,
Sulzer, MeClellan and Ruppert in the Tenth,
Fleventh, Twelfth and Fifteenth respectively,
and the substitution of Oliver H. P. Belmont
for Jefferson M. Levy In the Thirteenth. Mr
Croker announced yesterday hat Wiltlam
Astor Chanler was to be turned down in the
Fourteenth Mr. Chanier did not behaye hun-
self as wratefully aiver election day in 1808
as Mr. Croker thought he ought to. Mr, Croker
said vesterday that Mr. Chanler wouldn't run
on account of business engagerpents. His
successor had not been select but it was
said last evening that ex-State Senator Charles
L.. Gu would be the man. Mr. Guy has been
talked of as 4 possible candidate for the Seuate
in the Nineteenth district,

What roils the Chicago platform Democrats
fa the fact that Riordan, Bradley and Chan-
ler all voted against the Republican currency
measure when it was up for consideration ip
the House, while Ruppert did not. The leaders
of the Chieago rlatiorm Democracy do not
hesitate to say that Mr Croker, if he cares
anything about the currency question, is at
heart a gold man, and they point to the turn-
ing down of these silver representatives as
evideuce ‘They believe that Riordan, Brad-
ley and Chanler are being punished for being
free silver men The Chicago platform De-
mocracy will put candidates in the field against
all Democrats who do not subscribe heartily
to the Kansas City platform, if it appears
that this is the most effectual way
of bringing about their defeat In
case there is a more feesibie plan for knockir
out Mr. Croker’s candidates tor the House o
Representatives, it will be adopted. The
Chicago platform people have not been able
to tind out what views Mr. Cra‘ mer, Judge
Goldfowie or Mr. Belmont holds on the financial
question All of them will be investigated,
for the free silver people in New York State
don't Intend to let Mr Croker fool them. They
have even carried their flabt further than this,
and already Bartley J. Wright has been nom-
inated for the Senate in the Fifth district
ugainst P. Henry McCarren, the present Sena-
tor, who is one of Mr. Oroker's most loyal fol-
lowers in the Brooklyn organization, and wno

19 Tammany chieftain’e

was regarded as t
| right hand in the negotlations between him
and the Hon, Hugh Meclaughiin, the Dem-

 

ocratic boas of Kings county,

[he Chicago platform people are said to have
a pot of rnoney and a large part of their mem-
bership is made up of enthusiasts who are
willing to devote a great deal of their time
to politieal work without receiving any re-
ward for it. Mr. Creker and his associates
in Tammany Hall regard the situation as a
very serious one. They have little hope of
earrying the Fourteenth, they expect that
Parsons will be elected in the Twelfth, and
the candidacy of Richard Van Cott in the
Ninth is giving therm 4 great deal of uneasiness

Added to the complication in the local sit-
uation is the trouble Chicago platform —Demo-
creats intend to make in Albany and Buffalo,
where they are opposed to the nomination
of any man whose record on the silver ques-
tion le bot clear

 

WILLIAM T. BAKER FOR M'RKINLEY.

 

Democracy Led by Pablic Enemies—Bryan
Greatest Impertalist Since Napoleon.

Wiliam T. Baker, a leading Democrat of
Chicago, who was President of the World's
Fair, has been President of the Chicago Board
of Trade, and has been known as an aggressive
free trader, will vote for McKinley. He has
written this letter to Chairman Hanna of the
Republican National Committee:

My Dear Sir: The Democratic organiza-
tion has passed under the control of publio
enemies, and no man who holds to the tradi-

tional doctrines of the party is under the slight-
est obligation to follow the present leaders,
The policies that guided the party from Jef-
ferson to Cleveland have been sidetracked
for the isms of Populista and Anarchists. Even
free trade has given way to Bryan's promise
that he will “recommend such additional leg-
islation as may be necessary to dissotve every

| private monopoly which does business outside

of the State of its origin.”

This would mean under Populist interpreta-
tion and contro! the limitation of all successful
enterprise within State lines; not a captivating
programme to suggest at the moment when
American commerce is being pushed beyond
the seas

The Democratic crusade against expansion,
termed “imperialism,” {8 an absolute sham
a silly and hypocritical invention to divert
attention from their revolutionary purposes.
Expansion has been the policy and practice
of the American people since the Pilgrims
landed on Plymouth Rock, and no man who
understands the real spirit of our institutions
can be frightened a the phantom of imperial-
ism which Bryan has conjured up for this
campaign only

Since Napoleon Bonaparte there has been
no freater impertalist than Bryan himself. His
will ia the law of the party that supports him,
and, {f elected, he would endeavor to rule the
entire nation with the same iron hand. Napoleon
deluged Europe in blood to reach a throne, and
Bryan would not hesitate to wreck every in-
dustry in the land to attain the Presidency.

This talk of iinperialism fa like a rattle of the
snake that hurte nobody. It is the head of the
reptile that Is dangerous, and there you vvill find
the free silver bite

The paramount tsue Is exactly the same now
that it was in 1896. It is 16 to 1 and lawlessness
as personified in Bryan, versus the gold standard
and the security it brings shall vote for
McKinley as representing the latter

CHICAGO, Sept. 19 Vinuam T, Baxer.

MILLINERY MEN'S MEETING.

A Democrat Whose Sound Principles Bring
Him to McKinley tn the Chair.

At the noonday meeting of millinery mer-

chants and salesmen at the headquarters of

 

the Commercial Travellers’ McKinley and
Roosevelt Club, 737 Broadway, yesterday
Charlies W. Farmer introduced as chairman

Granville F. Dailey, an old-time Democrat.
Mr. Dailev, Mr. Farmer said, believed in the
principles of sound Democracy as well as soun
money, and it was for that reason that he ing
cast in his lot with McKinley and Roosevelt
and prosperity.

Judge W. 8. Kenworthy of Jowa, J. Gogel
Alden of Maseachusetts, aleo a Democrat, who
was appointed to office by Gov. Russell of that
Staw. M. Lynan Bruce and former Assembly -
man A. F. Ware of this elty, were the other
spemxers. Tt was announced that the millinery
pes would raise a McKinley and Roosevelt
vannwer oO. Rroadway on the block between
Bleecirer and Houston streets at noon on Tues-
dav, Oct. 2. The announcement wae received
with rousing cheers

 

Big Brooklyn Rally To-Night.

The firet big Republican rally of the campaign
in Brooklyn will be held to-night at the Acad-
emy of Music. James McKean, President of the

Hamilton Club and one of {ts charter revision
commissioners, will be chairman, and the
speakers will be Congressman John Dalgell of
Pennsylvania and Senator Chauncey M. Depew.

Camberiand County, N. J., Nominations.

BRIDGETON, N. J, Sept. 26.—The Cumberland
County Democratic Convention met here this
afternoon and nominated F. Coates Swing of
Fairton and Henry J. Hudson of Vineland for

Assembly. Claude B, Smith
named for Coroner. of Millville was

 

ee”

TRADE MARK
Small Stee! Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

  
  

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

The disappointment of a ‘‘flat bottle” will never be yours if
you keep a supply of SPARKLETS in the house. They are small,

light, cheap, and easy to use. The
bottles are decorative, yet suffi-
ciently strong for general home
Every cool
liquid from water to wine will
gain new charm from the enliven-

and travelling use.

ing gas.

i Pint bottles, $1.50 up.
Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

 

All Dealers. Write for Booklet.

   
 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

 

If There

should by any chance be a little

COOK’S FLAKED RICE —

 

All Grocers.

left over after Breakfast it can be made
into the most delicious griddle cakés or
pop-overs.
delicate that the crisp, brown things
fairly melt in the mouth.

The rice is so light and

Full directions and book of tested receipts

in every package,

Large package, 15 Cts,

vw w& NOWAIST & #

can heep tts fit and shape ff tt ts daily stretched an inch or so

in fastening and anfastening.

With the

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

there ts no stretching. JB ts the shortest hook made and the most open
eve, yet ut ts the firmest.

ad

“THE SNAP DOES IT.”*

a

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts.
for a sample card. Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broadway, N. Y. City.

 

 

 

WORSE RUIN NOW THAN

Threatened by Bryanism, Says the Henest
Money League.

The Democratic Honest Money League of
America, of which John Byrne is the President,
issued an address yesterday to the Gold Demo-
crats of America, urging them to support McKin-
ley and Roosevelt as they supported McKinley
and Hobart, and to administer a final defeat
to the Bryanite Populists and Anarchista who
are in control of the Demooratio party now.

“They have again made the free and un-
limited coinage of silver at 16 to 1 the para-
mount issue,” says the address, “and the high
priest of debased money. The incarnation
of the silver heresy and other dangerous popu-
listio principles—the Populist Bryan—is again
the standard bearer.”

“If in 1896 the sacrifice we made was justi-
fied it certainly is doubly so now. A thousand
times better would it have been to let free
eilver win in 1896, when depression and ruin
ruled, than let it win now, when prosperity
rules. The revolution in values that would
ensue upon the election of Bryan would pull
down our financial and commercial structure,
involving complete industrial disaster. The
fall would be so great that the wreck would be
beyond repair for this business generation,
and these conditions would not wait for Mr.
Bryan's inauguration; his election would pre-
cipitate them before sunset of the following
day.

“The gold standard isin danger. Free silver

is the real issue again before the country, our
duty calls us to the same action we took {n
18096, and no true friend of honest money, na-
tional honor, safety and prosperity can desert
our colors and «o over to the enemy That
some of our friends have been lured into the
enemy's camp, deserting the cause they so
warmly espoused four years ago, but increases
the responsibility of the loyal and true, to whom
" honor and safety of the country is always

ear

The league also recognizes that the Repub-
lican party has fulfilled its pledges, ee:
the nation’s credit and maintained the coun-
try’s honor .

IN [96

 

NEVER BEFORE IN THE HISTORY OF N.Y.

An Cppertanity Laid Before Those Who
eck Apartments or Houses.

There never was a time in the history of New
when there was such a large and abundant tenet at
housing to let in proportion to the demand as this
year. he result is that hundreds of owners are
offering reduced rents, while others, though bominally
maintaining the old renta, make conoesaions in the
way of free occupancy. No tenant can be sure that
he is obtaining the terms be is entitied to according
to the actual condition of the market without ar es-
tended tour of investig:.tion and of diplomatic nego-
Uations with agents. Save yourself the necessity of
& personal search and of upelean debates by inserting
an adv. in THE SUN stating the kind of aceommo-
dation you want and the epproximate location. This
aor you the best terma/the market has to

bam,

MR. AILL'S FIGURES INACCURATE.

His Statement of the Expenses of the State
Departments Shown to Be Untrastworthy.
ALBANY, Sept 26.—State Comptroller Theo-

dore P, Gilman ts wondering where David b

Hill secured his information regarding the ex

penses of State departments last year. Mr

Hill treated this subject in detail in bis Elmira

speech last night, but his figures are grossly

 

inaccurate and untrustworthy. Take fo:
instance Mr. Hill's remarks about the
State Comptroller's office. He said t!

expenses of that department last year amounte:!
to $257,613.06, whereas the actual expense
were only $152,040.67, a difference against Mr
Hill's figures of $106,563.89. Again, Mr. Ii!
said that the expenses of the Attorney-General
departinent amounted to $978,169.69, whi
they were only $03,554.97, a dif rence of $254

784.72, In other words, Mr. Hill made t!
bold statement that the expenses of the A’
torney-General's department last year wer

four times as large as they really were

The figures given by Mr. Hill for the Comy
troller’s office are practically the total of 1!
expenses last year of the Secretary of Sta‘:
office and Comptroller's office, and the fig:
grep for the Attorney-' nerel's office are '

tal expenditures of the executive depar
ments, Secretary of State's office, Comptroller
office, Treasurer's office and Attorney-Ge
eral's office all combined.

“The statement of Mr Aill regarding tlie
expenses of my department last year,” sai
Attorney-General Davis to-night, “is gross!
inaccurate. The Comptroller's report shows
that my office expenses last year were $08.-
384.97 alltold. There should be deducted from
the $93,884.97 the following items: Judgments
for costs, $5,249.70 (which never came to the
Attorney-General's hands); special appropria-
tion made by the Legislature for a matter over
ten vears old and about which the Attorney
General was not even consulted, $3,047 80 for
counsel designated by a former Governor, $1,000,
which makes the sum of $0,207.5u, which sh
be deducted from $03,384.97, leaving $54,087,
I have too much respect for Gov. flil!l to think
for a moment that he would {ntentionally make
such a misstatement and J assume that he will
at the frst opportunity correct it.”

 

 

 

 

 

%

 

 

  

M'KINLEY BANNER CUT DOWN

 

So That a Passing Cable Car Rained It—Wil!!
Be Replaced and arded.

The Thirty-fourth Assembly District Repu!
Hoan Club raised an expensive new campalx
banner yesterday morning in front of 108 Ea:'
12$th street. In the afternoon somebody o
the guy ropes of the banner just {n time to |rt
it sag and become entangled with a Third ave
nue cable car. The banner was hopelessly tct
and wrecked, The club will replace the bat
ner and set @ guard over it

 

 

 

If You Are Pressed for Time
Want" advertisements for Tue SUN may bo
left at any American District or Postal Tele

@raph Messenger office. C
St ts BUN, oe nae harges (be egae os