Cee keel

rY

o——

GRATITUDE OF GALVESTON,

Gov. SAYERS SPEAKS FOR THE CITY
AND SENDS A MESSAGE TO US,

 

 

Never Wil We Forget,"’ He Says, and He
pledges Future Generations to Remember
—Mayor Jones Issuce an Appeal for Money
to Help Citizens Rebuild Their Homes,

GatvEsTon, Tex. Sept, 26,-—-The first electrio
car in Galveston since the great storm made
Its appearance to-day on the Market street
line, It did not run at the usual rapid pace
because of insufficient motive power, but it
was a decided linprovemont over the ensy-
going mule ooaoh and was patronized liberally,
To-morrow three more electric cars will be put
in commission and this will be all the company
can operate for some time to come, Two
thousand men are Dow employed in removing
wreckage where the streets run and the force
is increasing daily by new arrivals from the
intertor of the State, With a force of 8,000 it
js estimated that it will require thirty days to

joar tho streets,

4 report reached here to-day that the casket
containing the remains of Charles Coghlan,
the actor who died in this city last winter, was
found at a point about sixteen miles north of
Galveston, near the town of La Marque, The
casket was washed from the receiving vault
at Lakeview Cemetery, which was totally de-
stroyed by the storm, If the casket found con-
tains Coghlan’s remains the undertaker who
placed it in the vault can identify it, and it was
for this purpose that he went to La Marque
this evening

rhe business men of Galveston met at the
temporary headquarters of the Cotton Ex-
change to meet Gov. Sayers and Mr. W. F. Cor-
wine of the Citizens’ Relief Association of New
York. Jultus Runge, President of the Exchange,
ntroduced Mr. Corwine, who said that Galves-
ton being the natural outlet of Texas and the
Southwest, it Was necessary to put the city on
ita feet. If the Legislature would give author-
ityto Galveston for the creation of a floating

debt to cover the needs of the municipality
well and good.) As the legislature does not
meet until January, he thought the Governor
might call @ epecial session. He spoke at
length on rebuilding the city on modern mu
niapal lines Viewing the question from 4
purely commercial basis, he sought it might
hea woll to consider the facing of the city in the
hands of a receiver. Le closed by predicting
that Galveston would accomplish great
tings in the near future and pledged the
support of New York to bring the city back
to the position it held previously to the storm
Gov. Sayers, in reply, said that no people
under similar olrounstances could have done
better than the people of Galveston, “Never,”

waid Gov, Sayers, “as long as Calveston stands
wul the people of Texa; forget the prompt-
nes and kindness with which the New Yorkers,

without appeal from the Governor, came for;
ward to belp the stricken people of Galveston,”
furnug to Mr, Corwine, the Governor said

“[ want you to take this message from me,
as Governor: ‘As k ng aa we live, as long as

ir cluldren live, and as long as our children's
children live, never will we forget your kind-
ness and the confidence you repose ii the people
of Galveston,’

After expressing his determination to stand
by the stri kan city, he advised the people to
bury all dissensions. fle spoke of Galveston
aa the natural port of the Southwest, and pre-
dicted that in siaty days the storm would be
looked upon by the people of Galveston omy
as an historical fact, :

w Jonas in behalf of the Relief Committee

May
has iasued an appeal to the American people
,.kinw help to restore the houses of the people,
[he appeal afver declaring that 6,000 persons

were drowned, one sixth of the population,
and that the property loss will be $30,000,009,
“ars

“Along the beach front upward of 2,600 houses
by actual map count were totally destroyed
Of these not @ timber remains upon the original
site and the Wreckage coustitutes the embank-
ment of debris eatending along the entire
beach from three of four blocks inward for
about three miles, the removal of which will
cost. from $700,000 to $1,000,000, From = this
dabris there are stl daily uncovered by the
workmen now systematically employed from

bodies which are burned or

thirty to fifty

buried on the spot. Moreover, we ésti-
mate that 97%; per cent. of the remain-
ing houses throughout the city were damaged

in greater or .uts degree, On the removal of
tis devris, in the clearing of the sucets, to
Waking temporary repair to houses, in dis.
tributing supplies and in the general work of
restoradon, our entire citizenship are engaged
Men whose services could be secured at tus
wily are miving their ime without
conipensat or Fin whose = affairs
narily require the attention of three partners
retain one for the transacUon of their business
and lend the other two to the public services.
stevedores, cotton Jammers and other bodies
of organized skilled workmen who command

season Ofal

handsome Waces at this Urne of year have
been wiving their time free of cost, and one
association hus besides contributed from the

charity funds $!1,u00 in Cash to the general
reief, while all other organizations are caring
for tloir own to the utmost of their resources.
fis devotion to the general welfare at the
exoense of private interests is shown by all
la-ses. Visiting newspaper men now here will
ve witness to this universal condition of self-
rifice.”

The report then expresses thanks to Gov,
Savers and to the people for their “munificent

tributions.” The appeal sare

\Were our task but to afford temporary re
fef and to care for the wounded and the or-
‘ans, an appeal to Texas alone would be suf-
tent The wounded and orphans are com-
wratively few, since only the sturdiest were
ty combat the maddened elements. But
' eater and a graver work con'ronts us
Soue Kinds of homes, be they ever so hum-
ist be provided for the ten thousand
people now huddled in ruined houses, public
places and improvised camps, to the end that
) » not become paupers, but may speedily
cet up their households wherein repose all that
{fs beat and noblest in American life. We be-
lleve that the well-to-do and the charitable
people of this nation will not be contented
merely to appease hunger and bind up bruises,
but will in larger measure and with more far-
reaching effect contribute to the restoration
of this people to a plane of self-support and
elf-reapect. It is for this purpose that we
rake this further appeal

For such temporary measures as are ex-
p! ‘ined in the foregoing we have at present suf-
Nolent supplies. But they are only a tithe of
the larger needs herein set forth, and generous
people of the nation will best serve the situation
and their own aims by making their contribu-
tions in money.”

Mise Clara Barton indorses the appeal, saying:

“Could the people of our generous country
see as I have seen iy its dreadful reality the
desolation and the struction of homes by
thousands, the overwhelming bereavement in
the loas of near and dear ones and the utter
helpleasness that confronts those remaining,
the appeal of Mayor Jones for continued help
would meet with such @ response as no other
calamity has ever known,”

Cc, B. Lee, President of the Lee Iron Works
and the Neptune Ice Company, died this morn-
ing at his residence, He had been ill for more
than a week in consequence of having been
overheated in the severe labors following the
storm, He was one of the most solid citizens
of the town.

   

 

 

 

they n

 

Fands for the Galveston People,

Subseriptions to the Galveston Rellef Fund
received by the Citizens’ Relief Committee of
the Merchants’ Association yesterday amounted
to $488.57, which with the sum previously ac-
kn Wiedeod makes a grand total to date of
$101,840 63 received by that committee.
_Purther subseriptions to the Chamber of

ramerce Galveston Relief Fund, amounting to
$022.04, were received yesterday, making the
total of the fund $72,865.51

J.P Morgan & Co. received $62, making the
total of their fund $22,517.64.

Davis—Hording.

Woops Moun, Mass., Sept. 26.-- Miss Ruth
Harding, da zhter of Mr. and Mra. Edgar
Harding of Boston, was married to Samuel
Boyce Davis of Philade!phia in the stone church
here at noon to-day by the Rev. George Fisher,
The bride was given away by her father, and
attended by her yourg sister, Misa Priscilla
Harding, as maid of honor. Mr. Davis was at-
tended by Robert Hare Davis, his brother, as

*t man, ond his ushers were J. Robinson
Harding, a brother of the bride; Lewia A. Par-
fons, Roland Morris, Charles W. Churchman of
Philadelphia and John ©. Kerr and RobertJ.
LUtde of New York The young peorle de-
parted on their wedding tripon Mr. Aarding's
steam yacht Montclair

Mites ~ Parker.

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., Sept. 26.—Miss May Lena
Parker, «ivter of the Hon, Alton E. Parker,
Chief Jneties of the Court of Appeals, and
Jatnes Miles of Derby, Conn., were married at
Cortiand to-day The ceremony, was performed
by the Key. W. HL. Harrington of Waterloo, and
Ainong the guests were Justioe Parker and
‘amily, 4A sumptuous wedding banquet fol-
lowed the ceremony.

    

 

 

Saw a Fire for Dinner Hour Diverston,
\ fire last nightin the store of the

lhere was

iam Campbell Wall Paper Com; any at 124
Vifth owenue, Itwas just about dinner time,
ard when the firgmen got there a crowd of

diners ran out of the Léon Flouret next door
aod watched them «mash a hole through the
glass in the sidewalk and run_a line of bose
down, The damage was $150. It was the third
fire in the building within e year

   

ord!- |

— eee

   

 

WORCESTER'S MUSIC FRSTIVAL.

Symphony Work im the Afternoon and Even-
Concerts—The Soloists of the Day.

WORCESTER, Mass., Sept. 26.—With a sym-
phony concert in the afternoon, a symphony
and the German requiem this evening, the
Music Festival has taken on serious interest.
Beethoven's “Leonora Overture No.2” began
the day and the other instrumental numbers
of the afternoon were MacDowell's tone poem
“Lancelot and Elaine” and Glazounoff’s sixth
symphony. One does not look for perfec-
tion in symphonic reading at a festival,
It ia enough if the works are presented in-
telligently. which was the case to-day. Popular
as well as critical interest oentred upon the
appearance of Miss Sara Anderson, who sang

an air from “Tannhaeuser.” She had her first
important engagement here two years ago
and immediately took high rank among native
solo singers. It proves to-day that her voice

has grown ip the interval and without the least
" riflee of youthful freshness,

 

 

It would be
iMcult to overstate the artistio value of her

work,
ln the evening the programme began with
Schubert's unfinished symphony. According
to the original plan Glueeppe Campanari was
to sing, but he was too {)l to appear and Evan
Williams appeared in his stead, singi the
rize song from Meistersinger. Then hu-

mann-Heink made her first appearance here
and of course carried everything by storm.
Her regular number was an air from Mozart's
“Tito,” which calls for substantially all the
notes of which the human voice is capable.
New Yorkers will not be surprised to Jearn
that she followed it with the Donnizetti “Brin-
disi.” This threw the requiem into the darkest
sort of relief. Campanari was to sing in this
also, and his part was taken at very short no-
tice by Gwilyn Miles who did quite as well
as if he had prepared it. Sara Anderson was
the soprano.

Taken as a whole the performance lacked
nicety, The orchestra was frequently per-
mitted to play too loudly, the crescendos of
the chorus were not well managed, and, merely
as a significant detail, the harp part was often
{naudible because only one instrument was
employed, though Brahms marked the score
for “at least two.” But the notes were most
correct and discriminating listeners. could
imagine what might have been the effects !f
deep sentiment had stimulated the chorus from
the conductor's desk.

 

BEGINS AT HOME.

CHARITY

Bishop Walker Opposes Sending Missionary
Moncey Away That Is Needed at Home.
Rocuegster, N.Y., Sept. 26.—William D Walker
of the Protestant Episcopal diocese of western
New York spoke at a meeting of the Woman's
Auxillary at St. Paul's Church to-night, and
in his remarks he criticised the action of the
General Board of Missions of the Church in
taking away missionary money from the home
dioceses and giving it to the missionary peris-

dictions, in other words attending to the mis-
sionary wants of the foreigners while the people
at home are in need of the money,

“lL recently arrived from abroad,” said the
Bishop, “and I am sorry to hear of the action
of the Missionary Board. The weak dioceses
need the money more than the missionary
perisdictions, Althoueh I have done milse
aionary work in the West, I consider that the
missions at home need help. I cannot make
mv disapproval of the board’s action too strong
and [ have taken this, the first opportunit
presented to me, to make public ms ideas re-
garding the matter. I hope they will speedily
ehanwe their dacision.”

Bishop Walker is known aa “missionary
Bishop,” he having had tn his charge the mis-
sionary car which did so much work for the
Chureh in the West. In expressing his disa)-
proval of the action of the board, he realized,
so he said, that he was advocating the taking
of money from the mission fund in the West,
but the Bishop has become thoroughly alive
to the need of money for missions in the weak
home dioceses. Hence his utterances to-night.
Another epeaker of the evening was John W.
Wood of New York city, who advocated more
work for foreign missions. He made no refer-
ence to the Bishop's remarks.

FOR SCHOOLS, $19,258,378.

Brooklyn Loses, All Other Boroughs Gain, by
Operation of the Davis Law.

The Board of Education at ita meeting last
night decided to ask the Board of Estimate and
Apportionment for the sum of $19,258,378.80 for

the year 1901.

The sum is an Increase over the amount al-
lowed for the schools in 1900 of $4,664,267.71.
The amounts asked for by each borough for
salaries are as follows: Manhattan, $8,081,210 85;
Brooklyn, $5,045,675.05; Queens, $558,890.15; Rich-
mond, $301,327 85; total, $14,287,119.40. The
Davis law, however, provides that the general
find shall be not leas than four mills on the
dollar of assessed valuations. Under this pros
vision the general fund must be $14,616,485 77,
or $329,874.09; more than the total asked for by the
boroughs. Each of the boroughs gains Li 4 the
operation of the Davis law, save Brooklyn,
which loses $30,088.41

ihe board also adopted a by-law which is
to settle the question of the payinent of the
Davis increases in Brooklyn. There were a
few mild discussions concerning the salaries
of individual teachers, which were amicably
settled before the budget was adopted.

Previous to the meeting of the board, the
trustees of the Normal College met and ap-
pointed Henry Thomas Fleck professor of
music.

LOST, GOING TO THE CORNER GROCERY

 

Newly Arrived English Girl Walked About for
Hours and Coaoldn’'t Find Her Home,

Martin Moran, a stone mason, his wife and
his foug daughters, arrived yesterday from
England on the Oceanic. At 10 o'clock last
night Policeman McCullom found Clara Moran,
13 yeare old, one of the daughters, at Sixty-
fourth street and Madison avenue. The girl
bad a lot of bundles in her arms and was thor-
oughly exhausted. She told McCullom that her
fathere brother had met them at the pler and
had taken them to a liome he bad prepared for
thei.

“It was in Eighty-some street,” shesaid. “I
don’t know just Where, Mamma sent me to
the corner shop for some groceries and I
couldn't find my way back. It was 6 o'clock
when I started for the groceries and I've been
walking ever since, I'm awfully tired. What
time is{t now?”

It was 10:30 o'clock. The girl was taken to
the East Sixty-seventh street police station and
later to Police Headquarters,

HER SKULL BROKEN PALL.
Woman Tambles Down Cellar Stairs in a

Saloon—Compantons Desert Her.

A young woman who was with two men fell
down the cellar stairs of Fuchs & Knepf’s saloon
at 884 Knickerbocker avenue, Williamsburg, on
Tuesday night. When the men learned what had
happened to her they left the place and did not
return, Fuchs and Knepf thought the woman
was simply drunk, and after putting rags under
her head tora pillow, left her lying where she fell,
She wersalne’ {t sensible, and about midnight
the two men brought her up to the saloon.
Policeman Mohrman passed the place and
seeing the woman on the floor, entered anc
sent for an ambulance, in which she was taken
to St. Catherine’s Hospital. Dr. Allen dis-
covered that the wornans skull was frac ured,

Fuchs and Knepf were arrested on the charge
of acsault in the first degree. When they were
arraigned in the Ewen street nolice court. yes-
terday Mvgistrate Teale held them in $5,000
bail each pending an examination,

CAR STRUCK THEIR CARRIAGE.
Retired Brewer and His Wife Hurt in a Col-
Histon In Sixth Avense.

Hugh O'Reilly, a retired brewer of 45 West
Sixteenth street, and his wife were driving
across Sixth avenue atSeventeenth street last
night. A north! ound trolley car struck their
carriage and jammed {i against an elevated
toad pil! r. The carriage was badly damaged.
Mrs. Rally received a scaly wound, but was
able to ge. ont without asaistance. Her hus-
band, who is 85 years old, was badly bruised,
and had to be helped out. Mr. and Mrs
O'Reilly. were attended by an ambulance
frorn the New York Hospita!.

surgeon
The motorman of the car that cau the
trouble was ested, but was aliowed to go

because Mr. O'Reillv would not maké a com-

plaint.

POISONED BY WOMAN'S BITE,

 

 

Mrs. Howard in Bellevue—Neighbor She
Accuses Hasn't Front Teeth.

Mary Howard of 319 East Thirty-ninth street,
who was injured in a tenement house row
last Sunday night and acoused her neighbor,
Josephine Smalz, of biting her on the arm,

to Bellevue Hospital last night suffering
ea blood poisoning, the result of the bite

The Smalz woman, when in court, led
attention to the fact that she had no upper
front teeth, so couldn't bite arma, but she was
held on the supposition that she might have
false teoth at home

 

As to Lots, Plots or Farms,

Read of Tus Sun always know whey @
good thing is presented, Let them know what
you have to offer by using the advertising

columns. Ade.

TRADERS’ INS, CO; AFFAIRS.

A “WORLD” REPORTER INDUCED
LEADING MEN TO SUBSCRIBE TO STOCK.

The Condact of the Business Was Given Over
to a Brokerage Firm and the Execative
Committee Had Little Trouble—An Investi-
gation by Col, Gardiner Is Under Way.

At the request of the State Superintendent
of Insurance, District Attorney Gardiner be-
gan an investigation yesterday to determine
whether William A. Halsey, President of the
defunct Traderw’ Fire Insurance Company,
and Theodore Sutro, ite Secretary, wilfully
falsified the last annual statement of the com-
pany, which was issued on Dec, 81, 1890, and to
determine, also, whether the impairment of
the company’s $200,000 capital to the extent
of over $198,000 was due wholly or
in part to embezzlement, and if so
who stole the money. All the papers in the
State Insurance Department that could be of
any use to the District Attorney's Offlve were
delivered to Col, Gardiner about noon aud
he turned them over to Assistant District Attor-
ney Unger, chief of the indictment bureau, After
making a cursory examination of the papers,
Mr, Unger stated that it would take him sev-
eral days to examine them carefully and that
he must make such examination before he
would be ready to examine anybody connected
in any way with the company.

Col. Gardiner supplemented what his asais-
tant had said with the following statement,
“I am determined to probe this matter to the
bottom, no matter on whom the axe may fall,
1 will subpena every available witness, If
anybody has violated the Jaw, financial or
social standing will not save him from prose-
eution. If Mr. Unger finds evidence sufficient
to warrant action being taken by this office,
the matter will be presented to the October
Grand Jury."

Just how much knowledge of the company's
financial condition Mr. Halsey and Mr, Sutro
had when they subseribed to the statement
in question could not be learned here yester-
day since neither man was intown. Mr, Sutro

is in Beanford, Mass., and is not expected home
for several davs. Mr. Haisey lives and doe. bus-
ineas in Newark, but it was sald at his factory

that he had gone to Greenwood Lake. Aside
from these” two offleers, it appeared
to be pretty well established, from yes-
terday's developments, that few, if any,

of the prominent men in the company's direc-
torate fnew much of anything about the con-
dition of the company or the business it did
It was not a large concern and the men Whose
hames gave it standing were interested in it
to the extent of only a few thousand dollars
each. These men had larger and inore im-
portant matters to oecupy their attention,
and they left the management of the company
to men paid for doing that work. When they
became convinced that the concern had been
badly managed, they disposed of their hold-

ings.

so far as could be learned vesterdas, Senator
Depew, Levi P. Moros, Gen, BR. F. Tracy, the
Goulds, Warner Miller, Col, John dace

Asior
inenee were all Be ed

to take stock in the company through the im-
portunittes of Charles W. MeMurran, who
is the correspondent of the New York World at
llightatown, N.J. MeMurran induced these men
to become stock holders in an insurance con pany
known as Traders’ Fire Lloyds, which he or-

and o her men of pro:

   

ganized in 184 When that company was
loreed out of business, owing to a decision
of the courts declaring its charter illegal, Moe
Murran turned the company inte a joint
stock company, ¢ uled it the ‘Traders’ Fire
Insurance Company, and got the same men
to become stockholders of the new company
MeMurrin informed Tae Sun last night that
thire were twenty-five stockholders in the
Traders’ Fire Lloyds, each stockholder sub-

eribing for $1,000 of the stock. He also said
that during the existence of the company each
one of the stockholders drew out $1,000 In div-

idends. When the Traders’ Vire Insurance
Company. was formed MeMur:an said that
the stockholders in the old company

agreed to take the balance standing to their
credit on the old company's books, amount-
ing to $4,000 each, In stock in the new come
pany Jeatces this, according to MeMurran,
each stockholder paid $6,000 into thetreasur
of the new company and received eighty shares
of the new stock, the stock being taken at $125
a@ share

The number of stockholders in the new com-
pany. he said, was fixed at thirty, and each
stockholder. was made a ditector. The capital
stock of the new company was $20,000, divided

into 2,000 shares, and a surplus of $50,-
») was created When the new company
iad arranged its finances anc elected its

officera, it made a deal with a firm of Insurance
brokers, Adams, Lockwood & Forman, to bhe-
come the general managers of the Traders’
Fire Insurance Company, to attend to all its
business. ‘There was an Fxecutive Committee
of the Board of Directors, the chairman of
which was William A. Halsey, the President
of the company, and of which Gen. Tracy
and J Seaver age of the F.
W. Devoe Company were members,
Adains, Lockwood & Forman organized the
company's outside and office ataY and ran
the business. They made out reports and
statements’ and submittedthem to the Ex
ecutive Committee, which accepted them as
correct and let it go at that Ihe firm had
done the same work for the Traders’ Fire lloyds
and got a certain percentage of the premiums
for attending to the business
In taking over the business of the old com-
ny, all the unexpired business of the Traders,
Nre [doy ds was assumed in one item. On
the face of thinas the taking over of this busi-
ness caused all the trouble in the new ex
pany. Heavy losses in Baltimore, so it is bs
wiped out the $50,000 surt lus six months after
the new company hewan doing business, last
spring William Adams,; the member of
the firm of general managers, withdrew
MeMurran said last night that, at the regular
meeting of the directors last Apri) it becime
known that the company’s eonital was impaired
to the extent of about $78900. MeMurran said
that two days after the meeting of the board,
on April:0, L. D. Garrett of [.. D. Garrett
& Co., 20 Liberty street, made an offer to buy
€5 per cent. of the company's stock, at #25 a
share. The proposition was accepted, all but
two of the stockho!' @°* ceording to MeMurran,

  

said

  

anior

selling their stock All who sold resigned as
directors E
Mr. Garrett said vesterday that he only

took the stock to carry through the company’s
liquidation and that persons whose stock he
acquired had made false statements as to the
company’s condition, He brought suit against
one of the stockholders and is gotng to sue
the rest.

It was learned yesterday that Mr. Morton,
Rloward Gould, Theodore K, Pembrook, Wil-
Nam T. Baker and Edwin Gould resigned from
the directorate last January, and that Gen
Tracy, Warner. Miller, Senator Depew and
the rest resigned in June.

YOUNG LAWYER ARMESTED,
A Woman Accased Him of Petty Larceny ta
Swindling Her Ont of $25.

Rocnester, Sept. 26.—C. Wilbur Monroe, a
young lawyer who is a graduate of the Cornell
Law School, was placed under arrest this after-
noon on a charge of petit larceny, the com-
plainant being Mrs Minnie Consdale, who
charged him with stealing $25. In her com-
plaint Mrs. Consdale said that when James A.
Covill of 284 Genesee street met his death by
being thrown from his buggy at the Lincoln
Park sand pit on the night of Sept. 11 she was
summoned before the Coroner, It being sus-
pected that she was with Covill and knew how
he met his death. There was a woman's hand-
kerchief and some bits of ribbon found in the
sand pit with Covill’s dead body, and the offl-
cera concluded that there was a woman with
him when he was thrown from his buggy, Mrs
Consdale denied to the Coroner that she had
ever been with Covill and her statement proved
to be true, as the woman who was with him
was found a few days after.

Mre. Consdale told the®police that Monroe
called on her and told her that sho was liable
to be afrested, that Innocent persons were
often arrested and thrown into jail, that she

ight be taken before the Grand Jury despite

er protests of innocence. He told her, she
said, that he could keep her out of trouble
and save her from being arrested and dis-
graced if she would pay him 835. She eave
pin the money and Inter found that she. had

n swindled. Monroe was released this

afternoon in #900 bail.

A CLASS FPLAG,

 

FIGHT FOR

 

Two Students of the Western University tn
Pittsbarg Seriously Injured.

Pirrapcro, Pa, Sept. 26—Two students of
the Western University were seriously injared
in @ class fight to-day. The freshman olass had
flung the 1904 flog tothe breeze from the flag-
staff on the university building. The sopho-
mores saw the flag and got it down Just awthe

freshmen came from clase. The two classes of
fifty each came together {n a struggle for the flag,
They fought all down the campus, which slopes
from the buildings oe vores down toan eight-
foot retaining wall, and twenty-five ef them fell
over the wallinto the street on topof Guy
Jackson, the president of the fresbmanc asa, and
James McClelland, a sophomore. Jackson is
in bed to-night with concussion of the brain
and McCleliand {s dangerously bruised. The
flag was torn to tatters.

 

Evans* Ale and Stout.—Adea

GILLMARTIN'S IRISH CASTLE.

 

Is’t @ Banshee That ts Abroad o’ Nights ta
the Wooded Grounds Thereof?

J. Homerston Gillmartin, the artist who
secured a verdict of $1,000 against John Mo-
Inerney for the alienation of Mrs, Gilimartin’s
affections, is building a queer sort of house
at Fort Hamilton avenue and Fighty-first
street, Fort Hamilton, The structure, although
unfinished, is occupied by Gillmartin and Mrs
Gillmartin, from whom the artist declares he
procured a divorce. She is now living with
him, Gillmartin says, a+ his ward.' The home
is on the plan of an Irish castle and is built of
old and well-worn brownstone. It Is isolated
ina clump of trees. The windows are screened
with white shades which are seldom raised
On the Elehty-second street side of the house
is the word “Home” in large gilt letters. The
uncanny uspect of the place bas given rise to
rumors of Na being haunted Many stories
are told about it,

Ou Monday night a horse attached to a light
wagon and driven by Mrs. Elizabeth Cooper of
East Fourth street, Parkville, took fright on

asaing the strange house. Jn the wagon with
Mrs. Cooper was Miss Edna McKay of Sheeps-
head Bay. The horse on reaching Fort Ham-
ilton avenue and Ninety-second street dashed
into a tree, wrecking the carriage and throwing
out the occupants, who were badly bruised.
On the following night Miss Georgiana Dathe,
19 years old, and Miss Lillian Stewart, 18 years
old, of Sixty-fifth street and Thirteenth avenue,
Bay Ridge, were frightened on seeing a white-
clad figure walking among the trees. They
ran to Kighty-sixth street and Fort Hamilton
avenue. where they. became hysterical and
fainted. They eaid last night that they had
heard that there was a ghost near Gillmartin’s
place and had gone to eee il.

Gillmartin said yesterday that he had not
heard of any ghostly figure being about his
place He admitted, however, t vat he did
not know what his former wife, or ward, did
during the night and whether or not she went
about the grounds robed in white

On Monday afternoon, when a reporter
called at Gilimartin’s house, a woman appeared
at one of the windows in answer to repeated
knockings. Her face at first was concealed
by a heavy lace veil. She removed it and
showed a light complexion and auburn hair
She said that Gillmartin was away from home
and that she was Mrs (illmartin She deniec
having assumed the part of the ghost Gill.
Inartin said that people in the neighborhood
had looked on him as aman of myster) Sev-
eral neighbors of Gillmartin said last night that
they believed the woman who appears about
the grounds is Gillmartin’s wile,

 

 

BRIDE'S PARENTS

 

VICTORIOUS.

 

Insisted on Catholic Wedding and Bridegroom
Finally Vielded,

New Brunswick, N. J, Sept, 26.—Horace
Cheeseman and Miss Louise Bates, well known
young people of this city, had planned to be
married o' Monday evening last by a Protestant
clergyman, The parents of the girl, Mr. and Mrs,
Thomas Bates of 182 Albany street, objected toa
Protestant ceremony, as they are Roman Catho-
lica, The girl was willing to be married as
Cheeseman wished her to, but her; arents kept
her in on Monday and her father saw that she
did not leave the house

arly yesterday alternoon Miss Bates lipped
out of the house and was on her way down
to her lover's boarding house at. 133 Chureh
street when her father noticed her absence
fie started in pursuit In Albany street near
the railroad track Mr. Bates nearly caught
his daughter, but tripped and fell on bis face
Miss Bates took refuge at Cheesem in's board-
{ng house, Soon alter h mother arrived and
persuaded her to go | Friends induced
the father to give up the chase and he went
home also
All this was followed by a conference of the
interested persons night and ¢ e result
wns that at 8 ; the wedding took place
at the St. Peter's i man Catholic rectory
The Rev. J, A. O'Graay pertormed tho oere-
mony

 
 

   
  
 

me

 

liust

 

 

   

 

 

REAL ESTATE OWNERS’ VIEWS

 

On City Matters They Would Like Dealt With
in Charter Revis'on,

A meeting of the United Real Estate Ow ners’
Associations was held at its headquarters at
Terrace Garden in East Fifty-eighth street last
night to consider matters concerning charter
revision. The organization embraces fourteen
associations, which claim a met bership of 4,760,
Twenty-five delegates were present last night
and a committee was appointed to frame resolu-
tions eenbodying the association s views
will be referred to the district organizat
action

President Markus said
favored the Hmitation of the Mayor's term of
office to two years, and the granting to him of
the power of removal but not of appointment,
The repeal of the Davis Sche y law was a.so
advocated and the delegates favored the mu-
nicipal ownership of the water supply and the
consolidation of such departments as Water,
Highways, Street Cleaning, Sewers, Publle
Buildings, Lights, Supplies and Bridges in a
Board of Public Works. .

The consolidation of the Health and Building
departments and of the Charities an 1 Correction
departments was favored, President Markus
said, as was the abolition of the City Council
and the borough governments,

ions for

that the delegates

TYPHOID IN MUSSELS.

Four of a Bark's Crew Stricken While ata
Wharf in Portland, Me.

PonTLAND, Me., 26.—When the Italian

bark Uniones arrived here last week with a

cargo of salt the local health oMecersa of the

prt made the customary inspection and re-

ported her off and crew in good health,
In the six days s 1as been in port four mem-

Sept

   

bers of her crew have beenstri ken with ty phoid
fever and are now in the United States
Marine Hospital An investigation was made
to-day by the local health officers to

ascertain the cause of the epidemic on board
the bark, and they learned that the members
of her crew have been eating muss Is which they
gathered from the slimy piles beneath the
wharf near her berth. A sewer empties into
the dock near that wharf, and the mussels
have never before ten pes sailors whose sense
of smell was acute t is feared that others
of the bark’s crew will be stricken with the
fever.

A DESERTED BRIDE DIES,

She Had Taken P: lson—Alleged Record of the
Man Who Took Her Money and Left Her,
Sarah Cronholtz, who took paris green last

week because she was deserted by her hus-

band, Max Miller, the day after their wedding,
died yosterday in St. Mury's Hospital, Hobo-

ken Miller got $10 from the girl When
he left her he promised = to return
shortly The girl has no relatives

Chief of Police Krieger of Union Hill, N.J.,
where Miss Cronholtz and Miller lived, re-
caived alettear yesterday signed “Gussie Braver-
man, 73 Jones street, Newark, N. J." The
writer inclosed a circular with Miller's alleged
record. The information. was furnished by
Fred-rick G, Southmayd of the State Board of
Charities of Massachusetts Tt said that Miller
had married a Syrian woman in Springfield,
Mass. and had disappeared alter obtaining
#400 and some jewelry. It is ret orted that he
married another woman in Connecticut and
then went to Newark, N, J. His next move
was to Union Hill,

Self Slaton Near Gront'’s Tomb,

A man about 40 years old committed suicide
in Riverside Park yesterday near Grant's Tomb
by shooting himself through the heart, Pollce-
man Murray of the West 125th street station
heard the report of the pistol. He wore a chea
striped sult, white Fedora hat and striped soft
shirt. In his pocket was $20.43 but nothing to
identify him,

Farmer Hapgs Himself tn His Barn,
Newsenah, Sept. 26.—John Cosman, 49 years
of age, a farmer, committed suicide to-day by
hanging himself inthe barn on his place at Mid-

die Hore. Cosman had br er, auff ring for some
time past from insomnia and had threatened to
end his suffering lis wife found his ifeless
body hanging from a beara when she went in
the barn to feed the horses. He leaves adaugh-
tor as well as a widow.

 

 

 

 

Greeks to Go to Meet the Greek Cruiser,

The excursion boat Favorite, with 500 Greeks
and a band aboar|, willleave the Battery at 8

o'clock this morning and go down the bay to
Tompkinsville to meet the Greek cruiser Mavar-
chos Miaoulis, which left Philadetphia for this
port yesterday.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Robert Shephard, a shipping elerk tn a Sixth ave
nne dry goods store, kille himeelf yesterday in the
Mills Hote: in Bleecker street by swallowing carbolic
acid. He had 7 cents tn his pocket,

The police sent out a general alarm yesterday for
Robert Ellis, 10 years old, of 344 East Seventy-fourth
street. ¢ was playing tn frontof his home on Sun-
day afternoon when last seen .

William D. Guthrie of 26 Park avenue, lawyer,
had Arthur Wilcox of 202 Weat Twenty-fourth street
who was formerly his butler, held yesterday tn the
Jefferson Market police court on a charce of stealing
articles to the value of $55 from his house

Hugh O'Reilly, 80 years old, and Ellen O'Reilly,
40 years old, of 45 West Sixteenth street were kno« ked
down by a trolley car while crossing Sixth avenue
at Seventeenth street yesterday afternoon. ‘Though
they were both bruised and shaken up considerably
they refused to walt for an ambulance and went bome.

 

These !

THE SUN, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.

FIREMEN VISITED | PARIS;

 

CHIEF HALE AND HIS MEN ARE BACK |

WITH THEIR PRIZES AND HAPPY,

Eight Thousand Firemen Were at the Ex-
position, bat the Kansas City Men Are
Satisicd That None From Anywhere Can
Come Up With American Fire Fighters.

Fire Chief George C. Hale and his company
of erack Kansas City firemen “ot here from
Glasgow on the Furnessia of the Anchor Line
yesterday, The fire fighters carried every-
thing before them at the Exposition tourna-
ment in Parle, according to thelr story, and
entertained iondon with a week's exhibition
at the Crystal Palace. The moving picture
people got after them there
london theatrea the audiences are nightly
applauding representations of the quick
hitehup, the apparatus on the way to a fire,
the horsemen at work and the sealing ladder
and life-line work. These pictures are as
popular in the British metropolis as war plo-
tures, the firemen sald yesterday.

Hale's detachment sailed from this port on
July 28. It consisted of a uniformed force
of fourteen men, aided and abetted by enough
wives and family inembers to bring the aggre-
gate number up to twenty-nine. A fine new
fire engine was taken along, with three trained
horses and the necessary scaling ladder and
life-line apparatus, Coming this way the
party found the Furnessia so crowded as to
necessitate shipping the horses and apparatus
and four men on the steamship Ethiopia, which
is due here next week. The men who arrived
yesterday will stay at the Hotel Marlborough

while in town, leaving to-morrow night for
Chicago and arriving in hansas City probably
on Monday evening, The women in the party
include Mrs. tale, Mra, Egner, wife of Aasist-
ant Chiet J.C, Egner and i and Miss Himes.
Thomas Connors, foreman: L. PF. Hale, mas-
ter mechanic of the Kansas City department,

and Ko. Berger, assistant chief of " Pitta-
burg, Kan. Fire Departinent. are with the
detachment. Chief Hale is burdened with

ansious apprehension to learn just what Kan-
was  ( ity will do with the party op Monday
night

The firemen bring home a ailver prize oup
about fiiteen inches high and an award of 800
frances, About 8,000 firemen from all over the
world attended the tournament and lined up
to be inspected by President Loubet and the
Minister of War,

“There was a lot of curious apparatus there
as well us a lot of curious firemen,” Chief Hale
said yesterday, “The Turks from Conatantino-
ple carried thelr enmine on their shoulders
going toafire, The engine was alittle hind affair
and could supply a sprinkling hose nicely,
There were lots of bucket brigades. The
officers of the French, Heleium, Hungarian,
Portuguese and one or two other detachmenta
carried swords and wore plumed chapeaux,
We showed them an American made engine
that threw a 1',-inch stream 310 feet horizons
tally and 180 feet vertically, Our engine could
throw two 1I-inch streams 208 feet horizontally
farther than any engine there could throw one
such stream

“No firemen or apparatus at the tournament
could compare in efficiency with an average
American company, Over there they build
against flras more thoroughly than is done here
and fires are not dreaded there aa here. Glas-
gow haa the best drilled and equipped depart-
ment ontside of America.”

At the inspection by President Loubet the
American firemen noticed a woman member
of a French company
attention with her company ne wore a uni-
form similar to that worn by. French firemen,
with the addition of a short skirt reaching not
quite to ber knees,

CHANGES AT YALE.

 

Justice Brewer to Deliver the Dodge Lectares
on the Responsibility of Citizenship.

NEW HAVEN, Sept, 26,—The Hon, David J,
Brewer, Associate Justice of the United States
Supreme Court, has accepted the piace of
lecturer on “The Responsibilities of Ciuzenship,”
on the Dodge loundation, These lectures
will be dellwered at Yaie next February, They
were provided for by William E, Dodge, Esq.
of New York city, who gave last spring to the

Yale corporation a fund of 690,000, the inccme
from which should be devoted to the establish-
ment of such a lectureship at Yale. The in-

eurmbent is to be appointed annually by the |

Yale

 

rporation,

mance lancuages in Adelbert College of West-
ern Keserve ( niversity, Cleveland, Ohio, has

been appointed Street professor of modern
languages to ‘ll the vacancy made by the
death of Prof Jules Luquiens Because of

revions engagements he will not enter upon
is duties until September, 1001
The itt of an additional $5,000 by John W

   

 

Hendrie, Yale, ‘61, to promote the ipterests
of debating at Yale, is announced. This
makes a total of $10,000 given by Mr

Hendrie for this purpose Instead of being
used for prizes, as originally expected, the
income from the fund will be used for the
more t{mnoortant purpose of giving instruction
in debating

SAYS THE FISH KNEW HIM.
Colorado Man's Story of 10,000 Young Trout
Who Escaped, but Came Back to Be Fed,

Denver, Col, Sept. 26.—Albert Jeffries of
Ouray, @ recent visitor at the office of the State
Game and Fish Warden, tells a new fish story.
He has recently started a hatchery on Beaver
Creek, five miles above Gunnison, and has a
number of pools constructed to hold his fish.
lo keep the fry in the pools he put sereens at
the lower ends Bits of liver, which he uses
as food for the fish, caught In the meshes of
the screens a few days ago, causing an overflow
and permitting the escape of about 10,000 tront

Planning to recapture the whole lot the fol-
lowing day, he went to look for a place where
he could build a dam farther down the stream,
He was much surprised, he says, to find that
the whole school of little fish were followin,
him as he walked along the bank, He turoed
back, and the fish turned and «till followed him.
He kept on until he reached the pool from whic
they escaped, and an assistant let down the
screen, making the whole school once more
prisoners, Mr, Jeffries’s explanation ts that
the fish were hungry from twenty-four hours’
fasting and instinctively followed the man who
had previously fed them.

CHILD BORN TO REGICIDE BRESCI.

Wife of the Murderer of Italy's King Gives
Birth to a Daughter.

A daughter has been born to Mrs. Gaetano
Bresci, wife of the assassin of King Humbert,
The infant is apparently healthy and its mother
ia doing well. The child was born last Satur-
day night in the Bresci home on the third floor
of the tenement at 343 Clinton avenue, West
Hoboken, For everal hours last evening a
young man wear ne a brown felt hat stood in
the lower hall and refused to permit any one
to enter. A woman who said she was attend-
ing Mrs. Breaci came to the door of the family
flat later, She said that Mrs. Breset had sent
no news of the birth of her child to her husband
who is imprisoned in Italy, because she was
doubtful whether a message would reach him.

 

FORESWORN DEMOCRACY,

Prof, McGhee of Missourt Espouses the Cause
of McKinley and Prosperity.

Cape Giranperav, Mo., Sept. 26.—Prof. J. &.

MeGhee, a life-long Democrat, member of the

faculty of the Southeast Normal for twenty

veara and President of the faculty for two
years, has foresworn Democracy and openly
esponeed the cause of MeKinlev, Er
and Mosley, Last night he delivered an address
to the McKinley Club here in which he said he
had changed because he is astrong expansionist
and desires a continuance of the prosent proe-
verity, which can be had by making no change
n nancial laws.

The Best
Water Heater

for a

Gas Range.

Capacity for heating
40 gallons.

Easily attached to an

boiler or to water bac

of coal range. Will, if
so desired, heat only
small amount of water,
using small amount of
gas. Aluminam finish,
will not discolor. Sold
very low by

Consolidated Gas

HAS

 

 

 

and at different |

standing in line and at |

Frederick Morris Warren, professor of Ro-

  

the Banks we

partitions.

    
    
 
     
      

HALE COo.,

Desks at Export Prices,
15 Stone St.,
Next Produce Exchange.

YALE'S ANNUAL RUSH,
The Sophomores Vanquish the Freshmen After
@ Straggle of Ualf am Hour,

New Haven, Conn., Sept. 26—The Yale
freshman-sophomore rush, which took place
here to-night, was participated In by about
600 students and ended in a victory for the
sophomores, It was only accomplished at the
cost of a number of sore heads and bruised
bodies, The rush began at 7 P, M, when the
four academic classes, headed by a brass band,
joined in a torchiight parade At the end of the
parade the students all congregated In the Hop-
kins lot, and three wrestiing matches were
pulled off between representatives of the fresh- |
nan and sophomore classes

After the wrestiug matches the freshmen |
and sophomores lined up for the mush. ihe
sophomores broke ranks and caught the fresh-
men in the middle of the field. After a struggle
lasting hall an hour the freshmen were van-
quished and a number of their men captured,
Several of both sides were knocked out, but
none, it is thought, isinjured seriously Unul
midnight the Yat upper classmen tmade the
town ring with their shouts over the discomfort |
of the freshmen, » were subjected to all |
manner of good-natured hazing. ‘lle college
will open its doora to-morrow for the fall terin.

 

 

FLOAT RUNS DOWN A STEAM YACHT.

The Surf's Port Hail ond Part of Her Cablo |
Carried Away at the N. ¥. ¥. ©, Anchorage.

It was reported last night at Bellevue Hos- | }

pital that the schooner-rigged, ocean-coing
steam yacht Surf had been badly damaged
on Tuesday night while lying at anchor |
at the New York Yacht Club) anchor |
age in the Fast River off Twenty-sixth
etreet by being run down by a New York, New |
Haven and Hartford Railroad float. The |

yacht is owned in England, but was chartered |
recently by Cornelius K. G. Billings of Chicago, |
who joined the New York Yacht Club in March,
1800,

The Surf was lying at anchor with her nore
pointed down streain, She had dropped her

starboard anchor, but her port anchor was
hanwing over the le Two railroad floata
carrying loaded freight cars, with a tug between

them, came down the river One of the tloate
struck. the port anchor and swept it along the
side of the Surf, carrying away ler entire port

rail and part of the cabin. Tt will cost more
than $1,000 to repair the damage

Only the crew were aboard the boat and
none of them was hurt. The Surf went to a

Brooklyn shipyard yesterday for repairs

POUND D'AD IN LED.

Decomposed Noddy of a Woman Found tn Her
Wathington House—‘iurder or Suicide?

WasHINGTON, Sept. 26.—The body of Siullie
Clayvilie, a white woman who came here from
Philadelphia some weeks ago ond was supnosed
o be welleto-do, was found in her house
on L atreet toeday and an autopsy
will be necessary to determine whether death
was due to violence or sule'de. From the con-
dition of the body it is thought sbe had been
dead seven or vigiit days. ‘Lie house bi id been
closed for that thme and the woman was sup-
posed by her neighbors to be outof ‘own,

A letter carrier who tried to cel ver im il to-
day notieed an unmistabable odor snd noti-

fled the police. Upon breaking open the |
coors the decomposed body wa found
in bed A bottle conta ning some fluid

was boneath the pillow, while the furniture in
the room was badly smashed. The (oroner’s
jurv were unabie to determi ne woiether it was
«case of suicide or murder, and aun autopsy
will be held to-morrow

CONGER TOLD TO MEDIATE?

Regret Expressed at Alleged Instructions to
Our Minister,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonnon, Sept The Times it re-
grets to receive apparent confirmation of the
rumor that Minister Conger has been instructed |
to mediate with the Powers in China This,
the paper says, is not calculated to smooth |
the path of those desiring a real, lasting peace,

If the Americans leave their legation with
a guard they will actually be leaving it under
the protection of the Powers with whom they
decline to coéperate. They must know that
no legation with only a guard will be safe for
long under a Government which proposes
to rehabilitate Prince Tuan and the other Boxer

leaders. - }
DEATH OF EX-GOV. DREW.

27

«/ ways

 

 

It Occurs Just an liour After That of His ,
Wife,

JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 26.—-Ex-Governor
George F. Drew, Florida's first Reconstruction
Governor, died suddenly this afternoon just an
hour after his wife had breathed her last, |

Struck by paralysis on Sanday morning, |
she died this afternoon at 4:30 o'clock re |

shock was too much for her husband, and he ;
expired one hour iater while sitting on the
poreli.

He was 78 years old. He w is bornin New
Ham: shire and moved to Alvbama in the early
60s He went (to Florida and put up ble lumber |
mills at Ellaville. He was elected Governor in
1876. Although the Presidentia vote was viven
to Haves, the Judges of the Supreme Court
gave jim his seat, ile was universally es
teemed, He leaves two married dauglters aud

two sons.

 

 

Trolley Car Kills Little Boy.

While Dent Leonowitz, 4 years old, of 1884
Fulton street, Brooklyn, wa crossing that thor-
oughfare in front of his home yesterday he was
knocked down by a trolley car. He became
wedged under the motor box, and Dc orman
Selof of the Eastern Parkway poll&® siation
had ‘he car jacked up and lifted him out, The |
boy was taken to St, Mary's Lospit uo and died
ina few minutes, The motormaa disappeared

doring the excitement.
RD
85,000 Even Offered on 50,000 McKinley
Plurality in New York,
The New York Stock Exchange firm of Payne
& Van Antwerp offered yesterday to bet $5,000
that the Republican plurality in New York
State at the coming election will be 50,000.

 

Army and Navy Orders,
WASHINGTON, Sept 26, These army orders were

fasued to-day: . a ‘ o
ajor Hamitton S Wallace, Paymaster, from this
an hen Francisco for transportation to Manila,
Theos officers to Atlanta to act as Judges of the
compeutive drills to ocowr during the Southern ln
terstate Fair, Oct 11 and 12: Capt Henry L. Harris,
First Artillery, Capt John 1. Chamberlain, First
Artillery, and Pirst Lieut Tiemann N. Horn, First
Artillery. 2
Piret LAeut Henry Page, Assistant Surgeon, from
San Francisco to Plattsbure Barracks
Iam HL. Spiller, from
mt Hancock,

Acting Assistant Surgeon Ww
the transport Grant to the trans
First Lieut Samuel D. Rocken ach, Tenth Cavalry
is detatled as Engineer Officer of the Department o
Eastern Cuba at Santiago
Major James Ii, Hysell, Surgeon, from Santiago
to this city

 

These naval orders were issued:

Commander A. P. Nazto, © duty As Inspector in
charge Second Lighthouse district, Boston, relieving
Capt. W. Maynard, ordered home to wait orders,

Pinutenan-Commander G. M, Stoney,

Naval Academy to the Solace as executive,

Lieutenant-Commander A, ©. Dillingham, fram
the Indiana to the Memphis 4s Inspector In charge
Sixteenth Lighthouse district.

Lieut S. S. Wood, to Tompkineville as Assistant
Inspector Third Lighthouse 4 strict.

Theut T. J. Senn, from Lighthouse duty Porto
Rico on reporting of relief, © home and watt orders

Assistant Surgeon H. A. Dunn, to duty on boro
thea instead of home

Paymaster L. Hunt, order detaching from Sytph
revoked

Passed Assistant Paymaster li
the New York vard to the Adlanta,

Assistant Paymaster W. 1B. Rogers, from the At
lante the Vicksburg,

Assistant Paymaster FP, Chunn, order to the Syiph
revoked, to the Dorothea.

from the

lL. Robins, from

 

Transit Factitties and Other Advantages

ten Island as a spot for a home will be treated

on
« y*s SUM, Sept 30.—Ade.

Would you like to see some of

Leather goods, chairs, tables, desks,

Exclusive designs.

| Many

| station have been trying to catch a gang

ti

fitted

have up?

 

118)

A LITTLE RACE WAR IN FLORIDA,

Trouble Between Negroes and Whites at Work
on Plagler's Ratlroad Terminal,

JACKSONVILLE, Fla, Sept. 26—Mayport, at
the mouth of the St. John’s River, twenty-
five miles from here, the scene of Flagler's
great railroad terminal and wharf projects,
had a little race war of its own all day Sunday
and Monday. There are hundreds of men
employed on the work, both white and colored.’

On Sunday « negro named Tillman had a fight
with one of the white laborers. The negroes
8) mpatuized with Tillman and made many
threats toward the whites. On Monday morn-
ing the whites went to Tillman's house and bom-
barded it with shotguns, rocks, &c., Uil Tillman
was forced lo flee to save his life, He \ as cap
tured and taken by the whites into the wor ds

Btripped and severely whipped, He was le
in the woods more dead than allve. The negroes
threatened to kill the whites and all quit work

were armed on both sides and it needed
but a spark to make serious trouble

Sheriff Broward and deputies went down
last nicht, and after a lard day's work managed
to effect: peace The presence of the officers
cowed the negroes and they returned to work.

DODGE, AND COPS CAN'T Get THEM.

Mt. Morris Park Rowdies Hold a Strategic

Pos'tion on a Hil With Trecs on Et,
20th street
of

Mortis
‘ut people who
wt, There

For a week the police of the East

young rowdies who hang about Mount
ark at night and insult the
go thereor who walk past on 120th stre
is a tree-covered hill in the park overlooking
the street and the rowdies have taken ponse.-
sion of it because they dud that the pollcemen
can't dodge around treea and run up the hill
fast euough to catch then,

 

 

OBITUARY,

 

Miss Elizabeth L. Van Lew, one of the South-
ern women who worked for the Union cause
in the Civil War and who was rewarded by Gen,
Grant, died in Kiclunond, Va., on Tuesday at
the age of 83, She was the daughter of John
Van Lew, a native of New York who wentto
Richmond when a young man and made a for-
tune in the hardware business. Before the
Civil War Miss Van Lew was prominent in

Richmond society, Afterward she was ostra-
cized, even the doors of the churches being
closed agansther, But she continued to live
in Richinond and the ast thirty years of her
life were spent without companions, She paid
her taxes every year, but sent to the collector
each tine a written protest to the effect that
she should not be taxed at all because she could

 

   

bol vote, All her life Miss Van Lew was a
friend of the negro and was an aivocate of
abolition before the war, During the war she
tiade use of her intiuacy with the family of
Jeilerson Davis to secure much vaiuable in-
fortnation re'ative to the Contederat Army
Whieu she sent through the jines to the Federal
oft She also e tered Northern soldiers

who had escaped from Libby Prison and heiped
thern to get home. Col. Dahigren, a son of
Adiniral Daligren, was killed in one of the at-
tempta by the, Union army to capture Rien-
mond Viiss Van Lew knew where lis body
wns concealed and after the war she had it
kent Futeen days after he became
Presa fent Gen, Graut appointed Miss Van Lew
Postintstress of Richmond and reappointed her
in i878, She held the office until May 19, 1°77,
Jaines C.Smith, for many years one of the
Justices of the Supreme Court of this State
died yesterday at hits home in Canandaigua, in
theviet ecth year of his age. dusticesmith
Was better known to the older generation of
AW) Ors than to the present. He was born in
Phelps, Ontario county, in 1817. He entered
Hobart College, but completed his course at
Union. Both colleges conferred upon hun
the degree of doctor of ‘aws. He began the

hone

| Practice of law sooo after his graduation from

Urnion and attained an eminence in his
ion. He was one of the tamous

(ommission which met in Washington a short
ime before hostilities broke out between the
North and South. In se? he was appoluted
to the Supreme bench te “ll a vacancy left by
the death of the Hon. Aduison Knox, Heserved
until Iss7, when, by the age limit act, his terin
was cut short. Justice Smith married the
daughter of Jdohn Adams of Lyons in 1847, She
was the alsterot le tding Justice Wililam H.
Adanw of the Appellate division She died in
July, 806. The children who surviveare the Hon
Edinund H Smith, State renorter of the Court

pros

   

of Appeals, Albany; Arthur C. smith, 1 State
street, Kochesteg; James Co Smith of Detroit,
Miss Alice Smith of Canandaigua, and Mrs.

 

George Haven Putnam of New York city, fore
meriy dean of Barnard College

Capt George Waiden, retired, of the United
States Revenue Cutter Service, died on Tues.
day night at his home in Ashmont, In point
of service he was the second oldest oMcer in
that department He was bern at Cape Elizae
beth, ats m duly 25, 1825, and was the son of
Capt. Green Walden of the Revenue cutter
Service When about 18 years of age he ene

tered the service under bis father on the eutte
Morris In June, 1844, the vessal was ean
to Key West to cooperate with the navy in the
Mextean War and the voung man was engaged
in several battles, On Oct 11, 1896, the Morris
was destroyed in a cyclone off Key West when
the entire crew barely escaped death Durin
the early part of the (ivi) War he was ¢t Honan
on the Morris in Portland harbor. In 18963
the boat was captured by the Confederates
while he was on shore leave, and he playe
an important part in the recanture of her
In 1868 he was stationed on the Nangatuck,
and during an engagement he sustained wounds
from which he never recovered. He was
also stationed at Haltimore and Prtindelphia
during the war. The last boat which he come
manded was the cutter Manhattan, stationed
at New York, from which place he was ree
tired in 1895, after forty-three years’ service
Daniel D. Mangall, senior member o
firm of D. D. Manwall & Son, grain mere ne
at 25 Produce Exchange, died yesterday at his
home in Spe Sing. Mr. Mangall had been
prominentiy connected with the public affairs
of sit@ Sing for thirty years, He wasa Village
Trustee for several terms, and Trensurer, d
chief engineer of the fire depormment, a
was long connected with the Itrat National
Bank ae a director, and wae one of the trustees
of the Sing Sing Savings Bank His ancestor
Daniel Mangall, who came to this country from
Reotland, war a soldier in the War of the Revo.
Jution and present at the battle of White Plains,
Daniel D. Mangal] wae born in Sing Sing, May 1
1828. Tle hadan interest inthe mills of Willfam
TD. Maneall, son of his. Un le Stephen, who was
the founder of one of the oldest produce and
arain commission houses now aes business
in Sing Sing. W i{iiam D. Mangal died in 1896
and Mr. Manwall sueceeded to the entire busi-
neas which he carried on at the old stand
till the time of his death. He was the lesace
of one-half of Pier 6, North River, andof two
floating elevators, Mr. Mangall married
Deborah, daughter of Thomas Horton of Mount
Pleneant.
—

Your grandmother used lard
because she knew of nothing
better.

Your
COTT
healthful.

His wife uses it because it
gives satisfaction.

Lard shortens your life.

COTTOLENE shortens your
food.

Ask your physician.

Ask your cook.

Pay your grocer instead of
your phys

Buy COTTOLENE and good
health.

 

 

 

hysician recommends
LENE because it is

  

The N.K.Falrback Company,
Chicago—Sole Manufacturer.
FREES fiiny gooke

matied free to enw ad ren. Ver

one dc flap we #)!) eoad free oa®

Uta i ee