}
’

( ey

——

 

IURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid,

 

DAILY, per Month #0 50
DAILY, ver Year recom vececers 400
SUNDAY, per Year.. oreveeses 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Yea “7
o>

PAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to forelga countries added
THe SUN, Rew \ork City

Panis—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No 10, Boulevard des Capucines

If our friends who facor wawith manuscripts for
publication wish fo have rejected urticles returned, (hey
must in all cases send mampe for thai purpose

 

The Crooked and the Straight.

This admonition is found in @ pamphlet
compiled for the Instruction of Demo-
cratic stump apeakers {tn Brooklyn:

“On all tbe @reat public questions of the day ine
Kings county organisation ts in accord with the ma
jority sentiment of the people of this State It stands
for liberty, commercial competition, & just tari@ and
the gold standard. Thanks to the efforts of tts Repie-
sentatives (n Congress and inthe Kanaas City Con-
the money question, which four years ago
Democrata, 1s not con-

vention
alienated w many
sidered an issue in this campaign.

The speakers to whom this ts addreased
are pledged by their party platform to
the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1. It
emanates from an organization which
accepted Bryan and his plank without a
murmur, There is consequently but one
eomment to make upon it,

Politicians who, under

eXoelient

these circurn

would say anything. They would also do
would betray their party

stances, say they are for the gold siandard,
|
|

anything. They

or the public with equal readiness lhey
are unworthy of truet, and so they are
contemptible and deserve to be beaten

fa any election in which they have the
@ssuirance to ask for votes

In comparison with this shameless trick
on the part of New York Democrats we
call attention to a letter from the Hon.
ApraM 8S. Hewirtand an editorial from the
Memphis Commercial-Appeal, printed beside
each other on this page. They agree
that the crowning issue of the campaign
fa free silver, Mr. Hewrrr opposing it,
as an honest Democrat, and the Commervial- |
Appeal defending it, as an honest partisan
of the Bryanite Democracy

The
Platform.

If any Democrat belfeves that * Impertal- |
fam” is really the paramount issue, we
refer him tothe K s City platform. * We |
regard it (imperialis: as the paramount

Testimony of the Demoeestte |

 

fasue of the campaten.” What better
proof could there be that In the opinion
of the Democratic party imperlaliam was
not the paran nt istic

Parties are nec med to lay their prin
ciples before t pub the order that
seems most appr i dignified; t
designating one [ tienlarly as “ para
mount” is tinheard of, and the action at

Kansas City proves the Democratic belief
that the issue wanted for the front of the
party canvass wouldn't get itin the natural
conrse of events. The extraordinary boost
the Democrats gave to imperialism showed
how in their hearts they knew that tn fact
the paramount issue was something else,

The reason for this noticeable Innova-
tion has been correctly defined by Senator |
Hoar. Imperialism was called “para- |
mount” to mask the actually paramount
fsaue of Bryanism with its repulsive threat
to law and the nationa! credit

What Is Germany’s Atm? |

There is no offictal confirmation of |
the report oabled from Shanghai to the |
London Morning Post that Germany |s |
about to present to China an ultimatum
demanding the surrender of five leaders
of the anti-foreign rising, and that, in the |
event of non-compliance with the de-
mand, {t will seize the forts commanding
the Yangtsaekiang, and occupy all of the
Province of Klangsu, which lies between |
that river and the southern border of Shan- |
tung. It seems incredible that the Emperor
WILLIAM thus directly menace the
region which England claims as her sphere
of influence, and in which the United States
While we

to

would

are commerctlally interested
nay well hesitate
much a purnose to the Berlin Government,
Wwe nist {ta course cannot
be easily reconciled with a desire to arrive

quickly at a peaceful solution of the Chinese

however, ininute

recognize that

problem,

That the policy «
be viewed with some suspicion will be plain
enough, !f we contraat tt
has been ‘adopted by | nited
and Russia. Nothing he
ambiguous and reasonable than the poat-

f Germanys

States

the

could

tion taken by our State Departinent. We
hold that the primary oblect of the military
expedition, in which we took part, was }

shed when the inmates of the for-

accompli
eia@n legations at Pekin were reaeued, and
that, China having appointed plenipoten-

ite concerning the nature

f reparation due and to settle
?

tlaries to nex
and amount

 

all other questi in dispute, {tf is our
duty to meet her half way, and not to as
aume ina ' hat she has no intention
of giv s sitisfaetion. In pursuance
of that e w we have or tered
the wit i of the marines and soldiers
now n the P nee of Chih
with ¢ of some fifteen hundred
men wi t ¢ ‘ Pekin as a guard
ef our legation, and who tn that capacity
will be ex: t f Marshal
Von Wa If on stmilar grounds
the Russian troops a Withdrawn from
Pekin i: ad fro aetis erations In the
Provinee of Chihli, aby a that over
them a'so Mar Von Warpreser, w
Was sent ont fr " ny t 1 Co
mander-fn-Chit f the almed fore
in northern China, will cease to exerctae
any irfad y Whether inder . h
ecireumstancs t} rene? ity and
Japanese Governine . wi riuit to
discharge the ay rentis fl rat
t) wot Ceenern Te aft least { Ye

lo this atate t things . « thea
Unextpecte ‘ ‘ ' rere
Pekin. t l ror Wy Tam f 1s it hard
to adjust his original plan. a wdlng to
Which he wast rive through his puts
fia the supren: reetor of Lhe a ; move
ment t last Manifest! if
@ll miilitar erations are to terminate
Q@nd neget is TOD Neaoe are tinmediately
to be f Creer “UDO iaaumed
by M WaLperset 5 4
Mer { ® twenty
thon leapaitehed tea
the s Vill arrive
the ‘ t fair [tis not surprising
that himpe: WiiitaM does not relish

hel to

the idea of being the nations

deserves to |
with that which |

more un- |

, | considered passage in which Mr

as a laughing stock, and he perceives that
such would be the outcome of the situation,
should the programme which has been
accepted by the United States and Russia,
and which contemplates a prompt and
| pacific settlement of all matters in con-
troversy, be carried out. If, thus dis-
| concerted by the swift movement of events,
| the Berlin Government were determined,
at any oost, to avoid ridicule, it would take
some distinct line of its own which would
| permit it to play the réle of leader instead
of follower

That ts just what Germany has done. |
In the first place, ahe has not only declined |

to withdraw any of her soldiers from Pekin
but has sent large reénforcementa thither,
which would be utterly useleas if she had
any Intention of acquiescing in the execu-
tion of the Russo-American programme.
In the second place, she has thus far refused
to recognize any of the plenipotentiaries
designated by the Chinese Government
‘and has made to the other foreign Powers
the {nadtnissible proposal that, as a con-
dition precedent to any negotiations, China
shall be called upon to surrender the alleged
instigators of the murder of Baron von
KSTTELFR and of the attack on the lega-
'

tions, aald instigators to be fixed upon |

arbitrarily by the parties making the de-
mand, It is obvious that neither Germany
nor any other self-respecting Power would,
upon an ex perte charge, deliver up its
subjects or citizens to be tried by a foreign
| tribunal, and {ts equally clear that !t is

our duty to treat China aa a self-reapecting

 

Power, if we honesily desire to uphold her |
administrative |

| territorial integrity and
entity and to strengthen her for the pur-
pose of maintaining internal order and
fulfilling treaty obligations.

When, therefore, we find Emperor Wir
LIAM endeavoring to treat the Chinese
| Government in a way certain to degrade
| {t irretrievably in the eyes of its own sub-
Jecta, we cannot but infer that his alms |
differ materially from those of the United |
Statea and Ruesia, and, we may add, of
Great Britain. Apparently,
want peace in China unless it can be dio-
tated by himself, The course upon which
he has entered takes no account of the
earnest protest mnade by the great Yang-
tse Viceroys, who hitherto have succeeded

, in matintairing order in the vast region

under their control. It ts a course certain
to provoke hostilities all over China and
to postpone Indefinitely the negotiations
for a settlement which, but for Germany,
would be already on foot.

We Let Mr. Hill Answer Mr. Hill.

The unfortunate Davin Bennerr HrIw.
has written his own commentaries on the
leading points of his speech at Elmira on
Tuesday. He haa written them so plainly
and forcibly that we do not know how THE

Sun can improve upon his work. Let HILu

therefore answer HILI.

The ex-Senator said at Elmira:

“Our opponents obtained power fonr years ago by
nfalr appeals to the patriotism and fears of the
American people.”

But just after the election of four yeara
ago, when the cireumstances of Dryan’s

}
defeat were fresh in Mr, H1L.'s mind, ad

 

wrote in the Forum of February, 1897

There ought to have been no difficulty in making
the platform, aside from the silver plank, entirely
acceptable to every Democrat and to ali conserva-
live ciilaens; Dut instead thereof passion, prejudice, |
selfishness, sectionalism and emotionaliam seemed wo |

 

rule the hour, wolle so many undemocratic, crude |

and unsafe provisions were recklessly Incorporated |
therein that the people became frightened and bun- |
dreds of thousands of electora who otherwise would |
have Supported the platform were neediessiy
allenated.”

Mr. Hitu said at Elmira:

“They carried the election of 1696 on the issue of
sound money, so cadled, which they #0 oStentatousiy
chanipioned

Mr, Hiv said after the election of four
years ago, in the Forum:

“A radical change in the nation’s monetary stand- |
ard, such as Was proposed, was !taelf sufficient to |
alarm the country, without adding any other offen
sive provisions, or provistons of doubiful expediency.
eapeciaily those of arevoludoMary and \inprecedenied |
character.”

Mr. Hitz said at Elmira:

*'Thetr specious appeals were not without effect ”

; . |
Mr. Hua said, after the election of four |
veare ago, in the Forum: |

 

"Whichever political party disgusts, offends or
frightens class of voters who think for themselves
and act for themselves greatly tmperils Ite chances
of si ccess s the @eneral conviction that the
course p by the Chleago Convention not only
offended thousands of veteran Democrats who bad
Krown gray in the service of the party, but was espe
cially obnoxious bo this class of thoug utful and {otelll
gent citisena

Mr. Hii, said at Flmira

| “Taking advantage of the (N-considered utterances

of a very (ew indisereet champions of the Democratic
; cause they (the Republicans) falsely charged the
whole party with being tn league atth Anarchists
and repudtators.”’

Mr. Hiiu said of the Chicago Convention
and platform, just after the election of four
years ago:

“While Democraic usages were ignored at the
outlet, there soon followed the repudiation ef old and
well estatlished Democratic principles. and the sub
| stitution of newand dan@erous Populistic doctrines
| in thelr stead) = Tere natur ly could be bu one rerult

, ‘
sued

 

fo such @ emicidal course, which every man of intelli.
cence coud eaatly foresee.’

Mr. Hivu at Kimira said of ‘‘ government
| by injunotion:"

| *The position of the Democratie party upon this
subject isright A Demoeratioc national victory will
| mean the enactment of the measure mentioned, and
| ‘government dy Injunction ' as here explained, will
i no longer exist."

Mr. Hrut. in the Forum of February, 1997,
; enid on the same subject

No political party can afford to be placed tn a
false position upenibe questions of the enforcement
of law and order, the suppression of violence, and tne
due maintenance of the proper authority of the Gen
eral vernment against domestic resistance. No
pretext excuse should have been afforded the
Kepublicans for making against the Democracy the

 

 

|
} terday, aud will be stronger tomorrow than to-day.

hie ts th friend of the people, the friend of honest
government, the friend of evers good cause. He will
be elected t e Presidency of the t'nited States"

} And shall we set under this the carefully
Aria, in
February of 1897, declared that victory for
the party would be impossible
in 190) unless the principles of the Chicago
platform were abandoned, and the party
wrenehed free fro grip of Popu-

Democratic

 

m the

lism

Ithas been fairly demonstrated (by Mr. HILL In bia |

preetding remarks) that. even aside trom the silver

 

tsauc, vielory was well nigh impossible on the lines
marked out oy the Chicago platform. The evidences
are humerous that hundreds of thousands of Demo
n that 5 im Was distestefulg never

eless supported ihe theket upon grounds of regu

| larity, expediency or other tenable gr ds sattefa
tory lo themselves and their consciences They
were willlii® to pardon or excuse the errors of thetr
} par t e npaign hey well not folerate them

   

|
he does not |

cruel charge of counteuanctog anarchism and law
leastiass *

Is this enough? Or shall we xo on to}
q e from Mr. Hints Elmira speech his
prediction as to the result of the present

|
canvass

“WILLIAM J. ARYAN Is stronger with the masses
than four years ago, hels strouger todoy than yes

ne

THE SUN

 

inanother. The mistakes of the recent contest must
not be repeated. * * * Unholy alliances with Popu-
lists must be avoided; and, above all, there must be
areturn to the fundamental principles of the party
from which temporarily it has so materially departed;
these age the casential requirements by which suceess
becomes posal bie in the future."

We believe we have nothing to add to the
Hon. Davip Bsennert HILL's own com-
ments upon his Elmira speech of Tuesday
night, unless it be the expression of our sin-
cere and profound contempt.

 

Hanna.

The Hon. Marccs ALONZO HANNA 18
typical of very much that is Interesting
and worth while In this campaign, Upon
his rise into great prominence in national
politics in 1896 HANNA In some way became
the butt of anti-Republicanism, particularly
the wild end of {t that shrieks at wealth
and strikes at every head that wears a
prosperity hat. Hanna was reviled as the
incarnation of money, as its arch producer

      

THURSDAY, SE

  

  

PTEM

to the north is found in the pack ice the
purpose is to anchor the ship on the north
coast of Spitzbergen, if possible near the
Seven Islands, and then to push north over
the ice with sledges, one of which will carry
a boat. The party will stick to the vessel
if they can force her some distance toward
the Pole, but they will abandon her to her
fate as soon as she is imprisoned in the
fee, Capt. BAVENDAHL announced that
after his work was completed he would
return to! elvilization either by way of

 

 

| Greenland or Franz Josef Land according

fn business and its boss manipulator in |

polities. Money got him his high political
place. Money won election for him, and
as the representative of financial enter-
prise and success, he deserved politi-
| oal damnation. He was the model for
, caricature throughout Bryantam’s lowest
| levels. There he appeared dreased in a
sult of dollar marks, always with an air
intended for offensiveness of some sort,
and presented as the Interior oracle of
| Republicanism which the party dared not
acknowledge, and which the public was
prepared to execrate on sight.

It is therefore evidence of the frank-
ness of the Republican party as well as of
the sanity of the public that one of the
foremost Republican spellbinders of this

Presidential campaign is this same
Marcus AIfnz0 HANNA In this su-
| preme political crisis Hanna steps mod-
| estly and serenely upon the highest

and most thickly surrounded stump and

speaks for what he is the avowed champion |

‘ing veasel will be

of—honest money and the welfare in
the nation. He stands for the Republi-
can conglomeration of the gold standard,
expansion, industrial progress, law and
order, and he defends them like a man

Ho ils a speaker of the first class. Fx-
perienced, strong-headed, plain and direct
with his tongue because clear and trained
in his mind, earnest, sincere, without per-
haps the idealism that carries rhetoric to
its highegt flights of inspiration and effect-
iveness, but master of his faculties, and sus-
tained and invigorated by the inestimable
impulses of humor, Hanna vies with
TAEODORE ROOSEVELT as an enlightening
and enlivening influence in the Republican
canvass. His hearers like to hear him
When they have heard, the unprejudiced
will conclude that what Hanna has in
politics to-day ts hia by right of original
force. No one wonders that the practical
raense and understanding of material con-
ditions to which sense is applicable in this
country have brought to this man Hanna
the conspicuous rewards of his business
abjlity

There is but one Marcus Hanna in name
Under the conditions of American tndustry
which he, tn cormmnon with the Republican
party, now seeks to preserve and con
tine, there {is room for a million Hannas

| Manibrino strain will say that the feat should

in fact; and every clear-headed ableborlied |

American ts a candidate

Baseball.

After the row on the Brooklyn ball fleld
of Tuesday the President of the Brooklyn
club made this statement:

“T bave fully made up my mind to act indepen
dently of the umptre, and hereafter at the first sign of
trouble I ehall personally fo upen the field aceom
panied by 4 policeman and have the gullty player or
players removed from the grounds at once, no matier
whether he ts member of the visiting club or one of
the Brooklyn players While this action may seem
to be a little out of order, I think that in view of
the fact that the umplre seems to be unable to sup
press rowdyiam that the course I have devided to f>!
low is the only correctone under the circumstances
That the umpire is powericss w desl with offending

) Sound.
‘ gank in the northern part of Melville Bay
| for no trace has ever been found of them
except the body of one of their comrades

| just What these various

players {n a case like that of to-day was clearly \

shown, and I'm going to try my scheme and If that
fails I'll try something else. It !s atop the scrapping
or close the gates, and I have decided to do th
former and give the patrons cf the game basebal
and not battle royals as side shows.”

All of which, as we sald a day or two ago
of another avowed intention to suppress
rowdyism, is bosh. The rules of baseball
forbid the Brooklyn President or any other
President to come upon the fleld, and con
sequently his appearance there would be
disorder in itself, a deflance of the rules
Moreover, this sudden display of anxiety
about rowdyism can mean nothing. Rowdy-
{am could have been stopped at any moment

| by the club managers telling their men
| to stop, under wnatever penalty was neces-
sary. Against the fact that they have
not done this the belated announcement
of the Brooklyn President that he will try
an illegal scheme for stopping it can have
| Httle weight. The umpires haven't
deluded aa to the true attitude of the mag-
nates in the past and the public isn’t likely
to be deluded now.

been

|
!
|
|
Foolhardy Explorers.

The latest vessels arriving from Spitz-
bergen have brought no news of the seven
foolhardy men who salled from Hamburg
on Aug. 16, in the hope, somehow or other,

of getting to the North Pole. A more
rash scheme of exploration waa never con-

to which route was most favorable by reason
of the prevailing ice drift and other con-
ditions.

This preposterous project gives no heed
whatever to the essential methods and
possibilities of Arctic travel as they have
been determined by the experience of
many explorers. The scheme can be com-
pared only with that of KaLLsTenrvs and
BJORLING, the young Swedish enthusiasts
who, in 1892, purchased at St, John's a
leaky boat for $500 and set out for Smith
It is supposed that their vessel

which was left on an island. It is unfortu-
nate that the crack-brained person who con-
ceived this later enterprise should have been
permitted to involve a number of ignorant
sailors in the fate he seemed to court for |

himself. They started, however, very late

sia |
in the season and, as their little sailing |
vessel would make only slow progress,

there is therefore some hope that their |
journey ended at Spitzbergen and that |
they may now be on their way home on |
one of the latest vessels leaving those
waters

The Hon. WiiuiaM E. CHANDLER, who started
the United States armored pavy, eays in the
Coamopolitan Magazine that the twentieth cen-
tury will see disappearance of armored
ships. Fifty years hence ‘the armor-clad fight
as completely out of date as
the armored fighting man to-day.’ Small guns
and great swiftness will be the coming features
of naval craft. The present torpedo boat is so
vulnerable that its successor mu-t be big
enough to carry guns wherewith to do damage
while waiting for a chauce to discharge a tor-
pedo. Anti-fouling pa. ntand a submarine boat
will come also. Meantime Senator CHANDLER
believes in the navy as it {4

the

The German bistorian Nresvur, from his
‘Teutonic tower of world-seeing, was anAmerican
anftt-imperialist {n 1804. The St. Loule @lobe-
Democrat has discovered this opinion of bis
expressed in that year:

* Alas, how freedom {s expiring on every side I
have received American papers, from which {t ta
undeniably evident whither JEFFERSON'S party are
travelling. The regulations making in Louisiana are
stich that the President there will be a complete
monarch."

The German philosopher mistrusted Jgrrer-
BON. Bo CARL Scnerz and Herr O@8WALD OTTEN-
DORFER mistrust MCKINLEY. Alas.

The Abbot has it; he has lowered tha
trotting track record to 2:08%. In the order of
trotting evolution there it will stay for eight or
ton years y, unless The Abbot lowers
ithimself. The old worshipper of Hambletonian
will hail the new champion as a great-grandson
of the Orange county horse Partisans of the

done

probab

 

he credited to The Abbot's Mamnbrino Chief dam.
Perhaps in the equine paradise the dispute is
carried on also by the ancient atars of these rival
ines, the Hambletonian Dexter and the Mam
brino Lady Thorn. It shows, however, how
orthodox The Abbot's breeding 1s, and that
along those lines there is progress steady, if
slow, to the two-minute goal.
ee

The Mississippi River Commission,

To tae Enrrorn or THE Sun—Sir:; In are
cent {asne of the Atlanta Journal there appeared
along list of what that paper called ‘"McKin- |
ley's Expensive Junketing Commissions.”” The
editoro! that paper then proceeded to state
commisstons had cost
the Government and charged that they were
funketing expeditions for pets of the McKinley
stration. In the list of these alleged
fjunketing comrilssfons, that paper included |
the “Misstsainpi River Commiasion,’’ and added |
the enormous expense of that commission to !
the lis The statements of the Journal have
been widely copied in Democratic papers, and
in no one of them have l «een either intelligence |
or fairness enough to leave out the Mississippi }
iiver Commission

And yet, as a matter of fact, the Misaissipp! |

 

River Commission was created by an act of
Congress, approved June 28, 1876, which will be |
foun! in the 2ist Stat. L., page s7. The act {s |
entitied “An act to

provide for the appoint- |
ment of a Misaissipp! River Commission for the
improvement of sald river from the head of the
Passes, near its mouth, to its head waters."’ |
ection 2 of the act provides that “The Preaf- |
dent of the United States shall, by and with |
the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint |
seven Commissioners, three of whom shall be
selected from the Engineer Corps of the army
one from the Coast and Geodetic Survey, and
three from civil life, two of whom shall be ciywil |
engineers.” |
The Greenville, 8 C., Daily News copies the
Atlar iole ard in editorially com-
“The MeKinley
but we must have it!
‘up their minds to elect |
|

ta Journal a art
ing upon the sar
teon ea high

men ® Saye

Governme
unless the people max
Bryan.’

of the of this country, except

Few votera

| those d rectly Interestedin the Missisalppt River

| ceived and ft ts acarcely posatble that the |

mariners can escape destruction unless
they are atranded on the coast of west
Spitzbergen and are brought away by

some veasel leaving for Hurope.

|
| Capt

been
North
for several
incredible that he

has
the

forty-four tons, which
| ployed in fishing in
| and along the Norway

It is almont

em-

coast

Reasons.

fortunes such an undertaking, but in
i spite of the ridicule with which hia project
Germany, BAUENDAHT
| erems to have had no dificulty in man

ning his vessel and he left Hamburg with

on

was received in

a helmsman and five sailors and a very
slim equipment in the way of clothing and
provisions
| BavENDAML's avowed pu pose is to
| reach the North Pole if possibie and at any
rate to discover and survey any islands

that may lie in the unknown polar area
He expects to depend largely for food and
clothing upon the polar bear, walrus and
other Arctic game. It was his intention
to reach the southero limit of the pack
foe somewhere to the west of Spitzbergen

and to follow its edge to the east looking

for a channel through which
take his vaase! further north
But the ship is to play oniy a small part
in his undertaking unless he is able to reach
a@ high northing by sailing of whieh there
is about one chance in a million In fact,
a prominent feature of the scheme ts the
abandonment of at an early
j etove of the enterprise. If no anen way

he might

the vessel

The half-oooked project originated with |
D. BAUENDAHL, who secured for his |

purpose the little sailing vessel Matador, | adrersity which aMicted this land before Mr. McKin-

Sea |

should find any men willing to share his |

| body

vation, existence or work of that commisaton,
How manifestiv unfair, unmantiy and indecent
therefore, to take advantage of this
general and wholly excusable lack of informs-
1
5

t is

nand charge the enormous expense of the
Viissicaiopl Rover Commission to the MeKinley
Adm nistration under the demagogic and mia-
leading headlines: McKinley's Junketing Com-
missions

When such methods are exposed, they tn-
variably react upon those who inaugurate
Tt should be so, and it will be so in this
instance Joun G. CAPERS

WasHINaton, D.C., Sept. 22

miss on, know anything about the organi- |
}

them

Bryan Discredtted.
THE Forron OF THE SuUN— Sir: T eannot
believe that the reflection of President MeKinley is
uncertain. It seems to me that the good sense of the
people of this country will prevent a return to the

To

ley'selection. Mr Bryan is the Democratic candi-
Gate again and his views have been so thoroughly
discredited by expression of the last four years that
it would seem to be impossible fur bim to receive as
many votesashe didin 1896. All he predicted has
turned out to be wrong, and his theories have been
ved by events known to every
Ver GrizLRrR,

dispr that are

178 HENRY STREET

Perversity and Patrietism,

To THR Forror oF THE SUN—Sir: A friend of

| mine, who bas always voted the Republican ticket

| formed

(and who ts the head of a department ina large mer

eantile house tn this city and old enough to be my
fnther), tells me he will tote for Bryan and Stevenson
wis fall

and Sewall and my brother tn-

law voted for Palmer and Buckner in 1496. Thia

year we will cote the straight Kepullican ticket, be
alse we believe in expansio A DEMOCRAT
New Y th, Sept ed

I eoted for Bryan

Had Place for an Honest Man Any Way.

To THR Forror or THe Sux—Sir: I noticeta
s morning edition of the * yellow” Journal @
so-called “Call to A. ms” of the graduates of colleges
to form a Democratic club of college graduates.

T notice that the first name on the listis Stewart M
briee, Harvard. The notice states that only men who
ae graduates of colleges are eligible I beg to atate
‘hat Mr S.ewart M Urice lis not a graduate of Har
Vaida (hough he cid attend that institution but did
not Graduate with tts class, For proof of this the
records of Harvard University may be consulted
UCuder the circumstances [donot see how Mr. Stew
a't M. Brive can become a member of the club to he
,, He is what may be termed a “'some-time
member” of his class, yours truly,

JAMES DALTON,

to day

 

 

 

New YORK Crry, Sept 24.

BER 27, 1900.

 

 

| mean, and wants toreform me

THE I88sUk.

Abram 8. Hewitt Urges His Fellow Partisans
to Bury the Fraad and the Viciousness of
Bryanism—Views of a Southera Bryanite.

From the New York Ocesterreichisch-Ungarische

Zeitung.
New York, July 12
Dean Mu.Scunirzmn: Iam very glad (o be re-

 

minded by your letter of the 7th inst. of the |

fact tbat you were good enough to ask my ad- ,

vice in the political exigency which then existed.

The political situation at this time is of a very
different character from that which presented
itself four years ago. At that time it
seemed possibleto maintain a distinct Demo-
cratic organization, based upon the funda-
mental princi: les enunciated by Jefferson, and
which had continued to govern the party
In all previous Presidential elections. The

nomination of Palmer and Buckner was not
made with any idea that they could be
elected, but in order to preserve an

organization about which sound Democrats
could rally, in case the hereales of the Chicago
matform should berepudiated by a subsequent
convention professing to be Democratic. The
recent convention held at Kansaa City has, how-
ever, rendered all such expectation hopeless
The party which calle {tself Democratic ia in
reality Populistic and hased upon doctrines
which, {f carried into effect, would produce
political anarchy. No doubt youare familiar with
Taine's “History of the French Revolution.”
In the second volume, entitled Democracy,”
you will find all the heresies of the Coicago
platform practically announced and the dread-
ful consequences of striving to put these false
doctrines into operation are recorded in

| language whioh should become the text for all

Politleal education

We are compolled by every consideration of
honor, of duty and of interest to repudiat»
Bryanism and all that it represents. The coin-
age ofsilver at the Pratioof 16to1 isthe least of
the false doctrines in this platform, but it
necessarily oecuples the firat place, You ask
whether I believe in the coinage of silver in the
ratio of 16 to 1, You might as well ask me
whether I believed that an ounce should be
made to pass for a pound !n the ordinary (rana-
actions of commerce, The ratio {sa false ratio
The value of silver measured by gold Is, as
every one knows, notié to 1, but 82to1. The
proposition, therefore, of the platform |s to de-
clare that 50 cents shall by law be made equal
toonedollar. This absurd proposition is based
upon the professed bellef that in 1878 when all-
ver was demonetized a crime was committed,
by which creditors benefited at the expense of
debtors. The factisthat allver waa then overval-
ned, and hence {ts demonetimation was a relief
te debtors and of no benefit to creditors. The
extraordinary thing is that the Kansas City
Platform proposes to commit the very crime
Which it falsely denounces as having bean per-
petrated in i878 It proposes to substitute a
fifty-cent dollar {n payment of debts which
ought to be discharged with 100 cents to the
dollar. This is robbery and therefore a
erime, In which no honest man can have any
part. The pretence that the bullion value
of allver could be raised to ita coinage
value by the flat of the Government § ts
ridfoulous. In fact we have tried the ex
periment by chasing more than «ix hundred
millions of dollars’ worth of silver in order
to preserve the parity between silver and gold
attheratio of 18 tol, Waehave seen the price
of silver steadily fallin the face of these large
purchases. The Toited States strained Its abi!
‘tv to the last thread of ten-fon in this effort
Universal distress existed and we were only re
HNeved from genera! lbankruptey by the repeal
of the Sherman act. To repeat this experiment
{na time when business {* good {js anactof folly
so giaring that itia dificult for arane man to
underatand the proposition could have recelvad
a single vote in the convention.

You ask me whether the praesent Administra-

tion fs likely to establish an impertaliatic form |
| admitted that he is not a friend of President

of government over this country or In its new
possessions

Tanswer that the Conatitutton of the Un'ted
States is too atron@ly intrenched in the affec-
tions of the people to permit its possible riola-
tion by the Administration, and that {f auch an
attempt were made, the Supreme Court of the
United States will surely interpret the Constl-
tution In the spirit of ite founders and for the
preservation of the Constitutional government

| towhich we owe our aetability and our pros-
that |

perity. Personally. 1 regret very muct
we have acquired the Philippine Islands, and
so far as I might bave any influence I would

 

SILVER THE ISSUE.

 

Imperialism Al! Paint and Feathers.

From the Memphis Commercial Appeal,

It is incomprehensible that many of t ose who
were most loud and voracious in their demand
for the free and unlimited oolnage «f sliver
four years ago should make wry faces and gag
over it when it is offered to them now. They
seem to forget that disloyalty to silver 1s dis-
loyalty to Bryan, who is the Incarnation of free
silver. They seem to forget that to degrade
allver would be a breach of faith with our allies,
the Free Sliver Republicans and the Populites
upon whom we must depend to carry the
Western States These people know nothing
about ¢xpansion, foreign Commerce cr our in-
terest over seas. Many of them have never
seen water, except in a surface puddle or when
taken froma bored well, They know nothing
about ships or shipping, of foreign markew or
commercial highways. They know Bryan and
free ailver, and for these they are willing to
abandon their own nominees and support the
Democratic ticket because the Democratic
ticket representa paramountly free silver, which
is their chief demand

These Westerners are sincere and earnest, and
it will not do to play fast and loose with them.
They will not stand any bunco game. The
platform of 1896 made free ai ver the chief issue,
and the Kansas City platform indorsed the
Chicago platform in ita entirety, making free
silver again the ehlef issue. For fear that tt
would not be so considered, the demand for
the free and unlimited coinage of sliver at 16 to
1 was incorporated specifically In the Kansas
City platform by Mr. Bryan's explicit direotions
and against the impotent wishes of many lead-
ing Democr its

Che imperialism plank in the platform, like
the feathers and paint on the Indian brave, are
good enough for show and to arouse enthu-
siasm, but of very litile use for effective fight-
ing. The first demand is for the establishment
of astable form of government in the Phillp-
pines,a demand made to conciliate Eastern gold-
bugs who hate silver and which means that we
must gointo the achoolteaching business for sev-
eral generations and complete the work begun
by the S:aniards 300 years ago. Stable gov-
ernments are never rudimentary. They are
complete and potential! developments based on
political civilization and ethnologic adaptive-
neas. Bible governments are not built up on
a basis of banditt! or Moro head-hunters who
live in trees, and where each man’s spear or
bolo fs alaw unto Itself

It is possible to agitate financial reform, keep

| {t to the front and bring it about within a few

 

| yesterday from climbing Alps

exert it for the purpose of divesting ourselves |

of the ownership of these islands

Lastly, youask whether a Democrat by vot- |

ing for McKinley and Roosevelt could be con-
sidered false to the interests of Derocracy I
answer that T do not seehow a Democrat who
fa true to the interests of Demooracy can in t)e
present ex'gency take any other course than to
vote for the Republican ticket. I propose my-

; eel’ so to vote and I do this because IT am a

that Brraniam and al!
that {t stands for is diametrically opposed
to the principles of the Democratio party,
os they were enunciated by Jefferson, and
oa they have been construed by all
the great men who have led the Demo-
ocratic party up tothe time of the holding of

Democrat who feels

| the unhappy convention of 1806, when the old

organization was broken up. I have but little
sympathy with the Republican party and as a
rule have found its leaders to be opportunists
and not statesmen. Nevertheless, in the pres
ent crisis the Philadelphia platform {« much
more acceptable than the platform of the
Kansas City Convention. It may be a ohoice
of evile, but it {a certainly a lesser evil to con-
tinue the Gevernment inthe hands of the Re-
publican party for the next four years than to
encounter the pertis which would confront usin
ease Bryan and hie fellowers should have the
opportunity of putting in practice the insane
pollvy to which they are committed. Very
truly yours, ApnaM 8. Hewitt

Reform.

As the policeman sauntered slowly along a
quiet residence street about 20’ clock {n the morn-
ing, thinking how muoh nicer (t was to be acap-
{talist instead of a cop, he observed a man sit-
ting, apparently asleep, on the doorsteps of a
house over the way. Crossing the street he
nocosted the sitter.

“Hello here,’ he sald, putting his hand on the
man's shoulder.

“I'm no telephone,”
rousing

“Chestnut,"” sald the policeman, ‘What are
you doing here?”

“You called the turn that time, copple, old
boy,” said the man thickly. “1 ama chestnut
and I've been im this fix many a time before ”

“T never saw you on these steps before’

“There are others,’ laughed the man

“What are you doing here?"

“This {s my home, sir," said the man, stify.

‘Oh, is it,"" smiled the policeman, ‘Why
don't you goin?”

“My wife has got the door locked and refuses
admittance to her iord.'

"Why?"

“Because she says he is drunk, and she is
solug © reform bim."’

“Well,” said the officer
' teu need rerer ted

etna: slowly pulled himself to his fee
laid his hand on the bosom of the bluecoat —

Now look here, Mr. Copernicus, ' he said per-
suasively, “what makes you take her side?
Can't you see it ain't me that needs reform, but
her? It's her, I tell y u. If she was the right
kind of a woman she wouldunl ck that door
and lether Kege lord come in. And you know
itaswelleeldo. Nowif she was reformed and
looked at things as she ought to, she would
oe me Gomes re asm!
and akissfor her lord nd jet him in, d
be only too gee to have him home once thore,
Instead of that, by Jove, sir, ashe is suiky and

responded the man,

 

 

 

ina tone of reproof,

Is that rigt

Mr. Offer, I ask you as man to manifote

ot new yes go up tpere fe the door and

x her into seeing t

ware ani veut € the error of her
ew minutes later the policeman came down

the steps and helped the reformer

door and slipped nim Inaide SOS te he

 

More of Them.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: | calied to
see the other evening a gentleman from Virginia who
was a Major in the Confederate Army. I found him
and his son, aged 25, strongly for MeKinley. I have
never found more bitter opponents of Bryan than the
Virginia Major and his eon. A MARYLANDER

NEw YORK, Sepe 26.

on her dear face |

| Story about ‘rats’; A Preneh

| known «

| ormanize a revolution

years, Itis possible, alao, to establish a stable
government in the Philippine archipelago, but
when this task is acevplished the centuries
will be much more nu:nerous than they are at
present Any attempt to make a national
platform all things to all men, for free silver in
the West and against free silver in the East, is
contemptible and merits defeat.

ANDRADE HERE, INCOG.

 

 

Ex-President of Venegaela and Gen, Rolando
in New York Otty.

Gen Tenacio Andrade, who was deposed
from the Presidency of Venezuela a little more
than a year ago by the revolution of Gen. Cip-
riano Castro, arrived here last Wednesday
incognito on a tramp vessel from San Juan,
Portu Rico. He was seen in Central Park on

Sunday. His presence here and that of Gen,
Nicolas Rolando, one of his trusted supporters,

 

have given rise to the report that there is a cons
spiracy on feot to start a revolution against
President Castro

When Castro overthrew Andrade after an

exciting revolution the latter left Caracas for
San Juan, threatening to regain the Presidency
fle ts reputed to be worth $2,000,000, and could
stand the cost of a revolution, Gen, Rolando
came here three weeks ago_ from Trinidad,
well known as a hotbed of Venezuelan revo-

lution. Gen. Rolando served under Andrade as
Governor of the State of Guayana. He re-
signed when Gen Castro came_into_ power

At the Hotel America yesterday Gen. Rolando
He denied, however, that he is here to
Gen, Rolando alao eaid
that he was not aware of the presence here of
Gen. Andrade

“lehall stay here thrae months,” said Gen
Rolando, “and then go to Italy I am making
arrangements to «&o into business in Venezuela.
Forthe present lam outof polltics '

Castro

DR. PARKHURST ORACULAR.

Will Vote for: the Bible Candidate for Prest-
dent and for No Boss's Candidate.

The Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst got home

ananmangement to go up the Dent Blanche with
Guide Furrer, but the guide, two of his com-
panions and an Frglish tourist were killed in

ascen the mountain fust before Dr. Park-
hurst arrived ir Switzerland
Dr Park said he eh to vote for
¢

a

   
 

the Presidential candidate who represented
the principles eet forth in the Decalogue, the
Gospei and the Amerloan Constitution” He
didn't mention any names

Then he asked a reporter {f it was “true that

Mr Croker had bet 5 to 1 on the election of
Bryan The reporter said that. the odds
Mr. Croker demanded were $2 50 of McKinley
money Against $! of Bryan money and that
Mr. Croker would be able to win either way
if the odda went down Dr Parkhurst aaid
he supposed the betting was made for effect

He declared that he “would not vote for

any candidate selected by any boss.”
He will preach on Sunday

GOLD SENT OUT OF DAWSON,

 

Consul McCook Says It Will Amount to More
Than 812,500,000 for the Season.
WASHINGTON, Kept. 26—Consul MoCook, at
Daweon City, writes the State Department
that the past summer has been unusually rainy
there. He says
“More claims have been worked this summer

than in any previous season. On account
of the extra rainfall there waa sifficient water
for slulecing The emount of gold sent out

to date Wiis season, as per consular invoices,
{8 $12,500,0%) it is possible that about $250,000
has fone o it without any record,

"The Tanana nining district. still oceupies

 

the attention of prospectors. There is a large
area with more streams than in any other
mining district so far discovered in Alaska
All bear gold, which will give work later on to

 

an army of miners.”

Coals to Newcastle,

From the Vienna Neue Freie Presse.

In 8t. Wolfgang, a charining litte place tn the
Austrian Alps, a charity lottery was held re
cently, where the great prize was a season ticket
for thatunique little ratiroad which climbe up

to the aummit of t highest mountain in the
vieinity, the Schafberg. twice a day. You geta
fine view trom there, overlook ng a cluster of

lakes and miniature glaciers that nea! ein the
Austrian Aips. Woe do you think won that
great pire? Who should but the only con-
ductor of toatl ttle railroad

 

Origioal Shirt-Watst Man.

To THE EpITOR OF THE SUN—St#r: In the
National Laundry Journal, Sept. 15, 1900, isan artl-
ele copied from THE SUN suggesting the shirt waist
oteur boyhood This would be all right with short
breeches. But my experience fifteen years afro
was that with long trousers, the strain pulled out the
foods and would not wear well. As an experiment I
had mace fifteen

some years ago with very
short skirt to the shirt watst, buttops on band
&c. Hut did not have a secon lot made’
T think that IT ean claim to be the frst person

 

 

that wore the shirt st after reaohing manhood
My purpose was to get rid of the skirt, which ts a

Dulsanoe uC
RALTIMORB, Sept 24 RROMER.

Nose and Tall,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; The
following extract {s from a letter written me on
the 24th Inst by ex Survevor of the Port H. S.
Beattie, one of those Democrats who, in 1896, de-
clared that he would rather be right than regular:

“As © polities, while sentimental considerations
com pel silence, no objection can be taken to this little
avuare in Africa, “
was wont to amuse bimerlf Dy auimal erefting wane,
ferred @ bit of a rat's tail to its nose, the junetfon suo-
ceding perfectly. A learned savant, identified with
the Museum of Paris, paid a big price for the first rat
whioh was sent him asa specimen of a new spectes.

Others were sent him. for whicb he 1
but when he attempted to Inareees’ the Breed tes

found thelr progeny were only rodents of the well-

les

“Mr. Bryan will soon have to find some

armusement than that of attaching a bit of the tail ts
IRV.

the nose of Demoeracy.’

 

 

Democrats Should Mind Their Ps,
TO THE EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir: There isa
Bryan banner across Broadway one or two hundred

feet south of Wall street on which the word peeneee
ks “opppressea,"’ one too man =
NEW YORK, Sept. 25. ™ :

 

|

|

He had made |

   

REV. G. CAMPBELL MORGAN CALLED,

  

   
 

Will Be Asked This Time to Sacceed the Late
Rev. Dr. Behrends of Brooklyn,

The Rev Dr.G. Campbell Morgan of London
has practically been decided upon as the suc
cessor of the late Rev, Dr A. J. F. Behrends,
pastor of the Central Congregational Church,
Hanoook street, Brooklyn, The Committee on
Church Supply will meet to-night to prepare
ita report, which is to be submitted to the Jolut
meeting of the church and society to-morrow
night. During the summer vacation the mem-
bers of the committee heard a number of olergy-
mén whose names had been considered tn
connection with the pastorate, but Dr, Morgan,
it is said, is looked upon as being the one per-
son whom the committee are agreed upon.
Dr Morgan received a call to succeed the late
Rev Dr Jobn Hall of the Fifth Avenue Pres-
byterian Church, and he was urged to accept,
but declined on the ground that he could not
make the change of faith which bis acceptance
would entail,

Dr, Morgan participated with Dwight L
Moody in the big revival meetings in Brook-
lyn during last winter and preached several
forceful sermons in the Central Congregational
Church as well as in the Central Presbytertan
Church, and became a great favorite. Dr,
Morgan was born in Tetbury, county of Gloy-
cestershire, England, on Deo. 9, 1863 We
was educated at Cheltenham and at the age
of 20 became a master in the Jewish Collegiate
School at Birmingham. Three years later
he abandoned the teaching profession for
evangelistic work and continued to do mig-
slonary work in various parts of England.
In 1889 he accepted a call as pastor of the Con-
fregational Church at Stone, from which place
1@ was called as pastor of the Rugeley Con-
@regational Church, In 1808 he was in charge
of the Westminster Road Congregational Churoh
at Birchfleld near Birmingham, In 1896 he
visited this country and became acquainted
with the late Dwight I., Moody at Northfleld.
In 1897 he became pastor of the New Court
Congregational Church, Tollington Park, in
the no th of London

The Rev. Mr. Morgan {s to be_required to
do no pastoral work whatever, He ts free to
come and Ko as he pleases, and a guarantee is
given him that no fault will be found If he leaves
at any time to conduct evangellatic meetings
in various cities of the country, The com-
mittee aims to bring back to Brooklyn any prea-
tige which some may think {t to have lost, and
they belleve they have done so, in case they are

le fe Induce the London divine to accept,

he: ve seen him personally at Northfield, and
while they have not, of course, been able to
obtain a promise In ‘advance, they have been
able to seoure from him a promise to give the
call careful consideration.

 

PARTHENOGENERATED MAN.

Chicago University Professor Thinks He & a
Possibility ia a Fature Generation.
Cmicaco, Sept. 26.—Artificial reproduction
of human beings is possible, acoording to ect-
entista who have followed the work of Dr.

 

Jacques Loeb, of the University of Chicago.

They are of the opinion that, theoretically,
artificial parthenogenesis of human beings
is as possible as the artificial reproduction
of starfish and worms accomplished at Wood's
Aol!, Mass, by Dr. Loeb, last summer. But
they say the difficulties of the method are so
reat that the acoomplishment may have to
left to scientists of future generations
This opinion was brought to the university
resterday by Dr. Frank R. Lillie, who arrived
rom Wood's Hol! to take up the work of
hew position as associate professor of zodlogy.
Dr. Lillie has intunate knowledge of Dr. .
Werk. | 0 said: Wood's Holl |

‘This suiamer at Wood's Holl labor
Dr. Loeb extended his vera to new neue
of life. The work is artificial partheno-
genesis, that is, reproduction without fertilise.
tion. Before this he had confi his work to
sea urchins; this year it was extended to starfish
and alto to worms, an entirely different group,
He developed starfish and worms from un-
fertilized eggs. There is no reason to doubt
thatthe same principles apply to all of the other
animels, including man. ut we have t
any inkling of the method of acco: planing
artificial parthenogenesis of vertebra he
discovery of such practical method may be
reser ved for investigators of other generations.

 

INTEGRITY IN COLLEGE AND eOUT.

 

Dr. MacOracken Draws the Attention of Stu
dents to Demands of Character.

Chancellor Henry M. MacCracken In ad
dressing students at New York Untverstty
yesterday morning talked particularly of In-
tegrity. “Integrity is what the United States
are asking for in regard to the new depend-

encles,” he said, “Men who there must
meet all thefr duties. I shall only be too ready
to ask a student to leave college for a lack in
this matter of varity. not Hnanetal alone,
but for oonduct in other things. Students
who frequent any place where intoxicating
liquors are sold ara lIikely to be called to ac-
count. I don't consider that a student fs ful-
filling his obligations to his parents or to his
college unless he livas up to this rule. I give
pou {es to be the watchword of the new year:
tesolved that you will do all in your power
t) bring up_your associates to a high mark
of integrity.”

 

Caravans for Siberia Onoe More,

From the London Standard.

Arrangements are being made to go back to
the system of ten years agoto get good: com
veyed to Siberia. The ratiway is useless, being
completely blocked by military trains. The
rivers afe in the same condition, the steamers
he ving no space to «pare for ordinary merohan-

ise. At the some time, the great searoity of
many of the first necessaries of life over a
great part of Bberia this year, heightened as it
is by the influx of large numbers of troops who
depend on the country for their supplies, makes
it a matter of extreme consequence to the
trader to get his stocks up to so good a market
Neither rail nor river steam service being avsil-
able, Moscow merchants are preparing to de
spatch caravans of goods in the good old way
by horses.

 

Lynching Denounced tn New Oricans,

From the New Orleans Times-Demoerat.

On last Wednesday night the house of Mr. and Mra.
Hatfelder, now of Ponchatoula but recentiy of New
Orleans, Was entered by a number of colored burglars
and robbed of $259, and a large posse of whites
turned out to buntthe criminals On Thursday the

| posse returned with several suspects, all colored, and
| after an examination before the Mayor four of them

were placed inthe Ponchatoula Jail, That night at
9 o'clock a large mob gathered at the prison and de
manded the prisoners of the Sheriff. On his refusal to
surrender them the mob attacked the prison, the
piace was broken open and the four prisoners were
drag@ed@ out, and after short shrift were strung ep to
& twee in the vicinity of the jail.

There was no concealment practised by the lyneh-
ers nor any attempt made to hide the fdentity of those
who took the lives of the four men; and, therefore, as
the Coroner's jury which sat on the oases the nextday
rendered a verdict thatthe four thurdered negroes had
come by thelr death at the hands of persons un
known ft fs evident thatthere was no {nutention on
the partof the authorities of detecting the lynchers
and bringing them to Justice. This tsa deplorable
condition of affairs There canbe no healthy pubd
lie opinion in a community where Judge Lynch thas
holds court with impunity: and a community which
is devoid of a healthy public opinion to suppom lew
and erder is in a deaidedly bad way.

Politics and Strikes,

From the Galteeston Daily News.

Admitting that the miners have grievaness which
should be corrected, admitting, for that matter, that
all their assertions are true, still, considering the
record, the present state of the political campaign
and other conditions and evidences, one gathers that
the movement to bring about a sirike at ibis time ls
largely a movement of politicians who seek bene@ts
for \hemaelves at whatever @ost to others, and who
arereguiariy engaged in this method of creating
wwoubie for campaign purposes. There certainly
seems to be no room to doubt that recent labor
troubles in both St Louts and Chicago have been om
couraged by certain of these desperate self-seekers in
efforts to seenre political advantages

Under all the circumstances {t {sat least tn order
to warn members of trades unions against dema
goguts who stand eager to misuse them and then
leave them adrift and grievously discredited before

| the world. Itis quite as much tn order to warn perte

 

leaders that they risk the condemnation and defrat of
their ticket every time they resort to this low method
of promoting discord, distress and ineurreetion
among workingmen or other cittzens It iea low and
base business which every respectable voter should
stand ready w condemn at the polls.

 

Carrier Bees.

From the Westminster Gasette,

A west country farmer ts training bees as letter car-
riers. A bee istaken away from homeand a letter
printed in mictophotography is gumined to bis |! tt.
back, and he is thrown into the alr. Home he gors
ike @ carrier pigeon, and the e@rantage Be woul
have over bis big broeh or im time of war ts obvious.

hi

ee