EET

Per Nemes.

ee,

es

+

 

| TURNED OUT OF THE TRANSVAAL,

 

THE DIOCESAN CONVENTION

THE BIBLE NEVER 50 INTERESTING
AS NOW, BISHOP POTTER SAYS.

Two Naturalized Americans Arrive Pemnallese
With Lales of British Li-Usage.

Two penniless naturalized American citi
| zens, Wiliam Phelps, born in England, and Joha
What to Say to Learned Authorities Whe Say | Anderson, u Swode by nalivity, Were steerage

It Is Not Infallible-Kptscopal Conventiom | passengers aboard the Holland- American steam-
Receives in Silence a Proposition to Divide ship Spaarndam, which arrived yesterday frome
the Diocese — Contributions Considered. Rotterdam and Boulogne. ‘They landed at the

The Rev. Dr. Thomas Richey, professor i | Barge Oflce and wandered into Battery Park, |
the General Theological Seminary, offered 14) whore the ultra-marine reporters interviewed |

 

 

 

the Protestant Episcopal Diceesan Convention them, They said they had been sent out of
in the Church of the Incarnation yesterday @ | the Transvaal by th Briush without justifi- |
cation,

resolution to the effect that "the manifold active According to their story Phelps went to the

ties of the modern olty Ufe, and the need of Transvaal from America in 1801 liis wife,
additional episcopal supervision in the country who was then in Liverpool, | ned him in is “4.

¥ pc. ivision of the Just before (he Jameson raid helps seu rm.
districts, call for Ue unmediate di On ¢ 1 Pheipe to ingiand. fie was working for @ |

Absolute ailenee fol-

diocese of New York.” mining eormpauy at Fordsburg, near Johannes

 

lowed the reading of the resolution, there burg en the British captured J« hanngs
. 1 wuveution passed to burg Phelps was rrestad as A suspect ie
we. oo see aS G08 Ge SeeveaEe eays he took the oat! of neutrality and that he
other mattors never had borue Ains for or against — the
Bishop Potter's annual address was exnuitied | Boers ie wae taken to @ fortabdohat ue burg |

“The 40 om of the Church.” The | 4ad put in & cell six feat suare with ie t other
 Teaeees og 7 ob : to teach b men, including Anderson fle says that tho
Bishop said that the Chur was y officer ti command of the ldiers who ar-
means of a Book, a rite anda Life. He cou | peated him would not let him return to his
home to get hia money. Anderson declares

 

tinued

“Lf the Reformation had accomplished noth-
ing else, she would have done her greatest
work in giving back to men the Bible. Men
have taken away from us the old Bible, and
we are not greatly curious, a good many of
us, or greatly reverent of what they offer ua
in ite stead. It is all very well for religious
teachers to tell us to prize and revere the Bible;
but what are we to say to those learned au-
thorities who tell us that the Bible is not an
infallible book. nor every tone and word of
it of equal and infallible aut {

“Take those books of the Bible which recent
criticlam and inquiry have been supposed most
seriously to dispurage, and whioh that view of -
thein which accepts abd treate them aslitera- | LIBRARY CONSOLIDATION,
ture has been considered to have superseded and | oc
outlawed Superseded and outlawed! There »
never Was & Momant alice hese books were writ | A Preposal to Join Fourteen Circulating
ten when the witness which they themselves | Libraries to the Public Library,
bear to those august truths which they record | When the Board of Estimate and Apportion-

rpenter'’s tools
although he

at him re-
his property

that be left $1,000 anc all his ca
in his house in Fordsburg, and
offered $25 to an Enelish officer to
turn under ascort to his hometo get
he wae not parmitted to do so
Phalps and And n that no charges

Were niade against ther They were sent by
rail, without explenatic n&from Johannesbure
to East London, a distan gy of #15 miles, and par
aboard the tra sort Manhattan. Finally they
were landed at Flushing, Holland. They say |
they appealed to the American Consul there,

| and that he said he couldn't do anything for
them. The British Consul clothed and fed them
and eent then tw Rotterdam, whence they se-

| curgd passage Lo this port.

 
  

 

 

 

and reveal was so impressive and so irresistible
as it in at this hour, ind this beacause the ever- | Ment mests on next Monday & make up the
widening knowledge of inan las never until budget for the ensuing year, it is more than |

now put him into possession of evidenos so
varios and so overwhelming of their truth as
{t exists this day

*Go w India, © Burman, to China, to Greece,
or to Egypt or Rome, and see lf anywhere among
them all vou will find a religion with any other
idea of man than that he is the mere creauuire

probable (hat steps will be taken to consolidate
tie fourteen fre pubile clroulaiing Ubraries la
ugh and The Bronx w th the New York |
such a consolidation has been
on forsome time, and at the

this bo
Pubile Library
under considerath

 

     

 

 

 

 

  

of his governor, his pharaoh, hie suita hia | request of (omptroller ( oler the feasibility of
rajah, fis pro-consul, or by whatever name, ties heise has buen investigated by the truse-
you choose to call him It was not until the! eee of the New York Publie Library, |
Peligion of Moses came that man became # Thereport of Dr John 38. Billiags, direotor of |
man, and reverence for the righita of the low the Puc lic Library, shows that the fourjeen cire
Host being was owned to be as sacred a dity as) culating libraries have received aid from the
homage w the most Aigiust sovereign. | city ainou ting to $151,860.30 for the yea: 1%”, |
“But the earlier aui elder Leatament is, and that these corpuration® cial tain twenly-
after all, the least precious part of the Bible, | seven main district uting centres, Over 3,000,000
What is it that Christ brouglit to men? x | volunes will be ereulated by these libraries
the firet time the world saw a Being wiiort i, during the year, at 1 average ost to the city
all forces, commanded all conditions, swept | of about five cents per ‘olume |
aside all obstacles, healed al) Ciseasea, con Taking the free circulation libraries as @
strained the winds and the sea to obey Him, | whole, Mr. I lings says their great defect is |
and who went about the world as a Galilean the absences! any systen f accountability for
peasant with @ handful of fishermen for Hils) te nds gienied b, the city The report
retinue and the wellside and the hillside for | made by the committee of the New York Pubito
« thronat Library to Coroptrolier \ olert reoo:nmends that
“Never tm all ite various history was the he municipal authorities ;-ake appropriation |
Rible, with all the vast acemilations of side for free mubli ibraries | the city for tue year
lights upon its pauses, so literesting, so vitu, wol, under conditions which will .nsure tho |
90 Vitalizing a volume as itis to-day, We have crganizat ‘ definite: entral system of work
heen teaching it too long by rete. Our meth- 1) sativefactory supervision and aceounts |
ods and our text books are too ofte itworn bility, that oneof the ex eting library corpora-
and suberunuiated by the marvellous inarch ys be requested to uncerlake ‘he organiza-
of modern scholurphip; our Sunday school | Von of such a system, the deiais being subject
teachers and, alas! I fear, too often, our pul- | to the approval of the Comptroller; and that

n selected als: act as the cenural
authority for the approval of the objeots of ax-
large sense of the term is most meagre and | pe diture for e@ac f the several libraries
inadequate. entiied to grants of funds under the State
“Vhe lustorian is yet to arise who will draw | Library law, akiog aful report to the authori-
that parallel which must more than once |! e | ticg of What has been done during (le year.

suggested itself to thought il aeholars between -

pita are but most imperfectly informed, and | Uie corporat

our Whole method of teaehing in auy real

 

the two periods Ln the tO, Oreding with | HAMILTON DRAINED THE BOTTLE.
I e d the breaking, centuries a alee ie
me ond aw ei in tha ane Sane, aa Drank Bromide aod Chieral Prepared for

 

tn the other, the ceremonial side of religion had | Another Mano aad Died Withia an Hour.

deen ex erated until it bad become an intol- ‘ > - ‘i
erable burden. But it has not taken (hri-ten- | Newsvnom, N. ¥., Sept, 26—R J, Hamilton, |
dom a great while to recognize That the fact of | about 3 years of age, committed suicide uf |
the incarnation la the law of the life of the | Matiowan's Hotel, Marlborough, this aftare

' ) | r
Church noon, Harnilten case to the town about lve

 

No teaching by a book or by a rite can for
one moment ¢latin precedence of the eternally | years agu and represented himeelf to be a
amount importanes of teaching by life. newspaper man, who had been employed

  

he world is waitiig, believe me, ip all its misery

and hopelessiess, for the lives, lives lived by | York, but owing to bis health had come

jin N

  

er: and laity, men, women and children | UP in the coyntry to gain strength He was
alike, that shall provoke them more and more, | # Mhau of abuity and wus generally aces of
Not laws, not amotional revivals, not the mul- | late he has filled « clerioal pee at Milton
tiplication of orders, societies, guilds, fraterni- bul was at leisure W-day. At noob & stranger
tlea, of whatever name or sort, can do for Christ | Called at the hote: lor lincheon Lie was suf.
ia File world what you and I can do for flim | lermhy rom @ severe nervous attack occasioned
rdrink. He appied to Dr Moshier for

 

if we are willing to live [lis life, and bear His , by o%
cross and do His will. « remedy and received a prescription containing
“Just now the pes#imistic note ts loudest bromide and chioral fhe medicine was come
within our own municipal borders, and the | Pounded by @ local druggist, and the proper
phets of disaster are many and confident, , dire tions placed of the lubei. A teaspoon-
en and brethren, & we go tw perdition was a dose |
whether as a community or asa nation, it will | The man took the medicine as dir

dul

cted, and

 

he because vou and I, and others like us, ara | Flamilten, picking lp Clie bottle, remarked to
too fine or too lazy of too Self-seeking to care | folie Inen near by that he wou d try the eMc
to make the protest and do the work and be the | lenev of the mediaipe to stop the pain about
men and women that will prevont it! I am | lis heart. He swallowed the entire contenta

of the bottle and then coolly took out his pocket
knife and scraped off the label. Within an hour
he wasdead No oatwe can be asoribed for the aot, |

not eo despairing of my kind as to belleve
that the few hundreds of thousands or millions
of peonle who make the voters of this me-

 

 

tropolis or this Republic, the majority, ure | 1m his efiecta at the hove! were found @ nun |
not in favor not only of good laws but of a | ber of cards and other articles, showing him |
righteous, clean, and honest administration to have been a rusident at some time of Roxbury,

of them. Buttf, of those maiorities, the greater | Mass

pumber are too engrossed with private inter- oa . F

ests, too impatient of distastefnl tasks. too | wiRPE ACCUSED OF SMOKING HABIT.

sensitive of obloquy or personal antagoniama,
too money-loving or self-indulgent to eon-
cern themselves with guarding what our fa-
thers won for them—we shall lose it—and
shall deserve to!”

The Bishop paid a fervent tribute of enlogy

Husband Wants a Divorce for This and Be-
cause She Ivy ao Famatio on Spirttaalism.

RALTITMORE Sept. 26.—Because his wife had

 

 

      

 

 

and admiration to the late Dorman B. Eaton | been addicted to the smoking habit and “hits
for his civie courage and his unselfish life of | the pipe,” William J. Lambert has asked the
WOT tee chasers Cause neon Phelne Stakan | COUrt here to grant bim a limited divorce. He |
reported that widows and orphans of deceased | #lso alleges that she is @ “fanatic on spiritual- |
clorey are now receiving but three-fourths | ism,” to which most of her Ume and attention |
Rhett former allowances, becaise of the small | have been given, “resulting in her children be-
Bishop Potter declared It to be a disgrace that | 1 neglocted and her husband being deprived
such a condition should obtain in such a diocese | of her soct Such nduct on his wife's |
and in guoh a church A suggestion was made part, Mr Lambert declares, has been intoler-
concerning rich parishioners who epent part! able. Mr. Lambert alleges that his condnet |

ountrr parish | has been that

of the year in a city and part ina: f an alfactionate husband and

    

 

 
    

to the effect thut the two rectors concerned in | above reproach
euch cases get together and prevent the rich fhe divorce sult was instituted in the Ctreuit
man’s or rich wor an’s escane Court here. Ir ts ted in application |
More money was contributed for fresh air | that the couple were married Feb 11, 1890, |
work this year than fn any previous seas aud lived together until about a year ago, when
The Mission to Searnen ts affected by the eoun- | Mrs J bert abandoned her husband. They
try’s growing commerce and more work is re- 1} ive t hil n, aged respectively 9 7 and
quired to be done at this port for an inereased | 2 vears Lambert asks the custedy of the
mumber of sailor two older iren, Dut is willing that his wife
Lastevening there was a public meeting in! shall the custody of the youngest, be-

of bis tender age
‘aatos -- -

in Washing- | cays WIS DOG'S AS GOOD AS A COP

the Church o! the Ascension, and Bishop Potter
mave areception to the Clery and jay del
to the convention at his residence
ton Square.

BLIND MAN'S DOG SEIZED,

August Kloepping's Keaton for Refuslag to
Pay @2 Tax for Ke-plog the Animal,

Spaniel Was Ficywood's Ouly Guide-To Be | Sixteen cilzeus were summoned before acte

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

Shot tf License Fee Iga't Paid, order James Laverty in the Hoboken

A water spaniel that was running a’ large n | j court yesterday se they had not
Reeley street, near Kast Fifth atree!, Windsor | paid the - artax for keeping dogs. Al-
j
Terrace, Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon was (hough Wiev were convinced of the legality of |
captured by an agent of Bergh's society and | the tax not one of them believed that itwasa
takenfto the society's shelter. The dog was not | justone, All raid, or promiced pay, exoept

licensed. it belongs to George Heywood, a! August Ki gof } raid street
poor blind reside: t of Seeley street, who is un- "Mv dog is us serviceable as @ policeman,”
able to get about without s guide The dow had | raid Kicepping ‘IT don't see why I should be
been taugbt to lead his master sround ¢ city. | compelled to pay a license tor him when he
Jt was said Jast night that the spaniel would pe | dose the same work, Liiveltna seetion of the
putto death thie afternoon, Mr. Le od is | cit which policemen rarely visit. My dog
not able to pay for a lice: se | watehe my proper\y. Imusthave some pro-
csiieaitihndeniabaeemians te@iion .

> » . . Health Inspector Anthony Granell who
BLUE FLAME IN A TROLLEY CAR, | served the suumonses, suggested that Kioep-
a J img should get a police « teid for the dog

Passengers Paoic-Stricken, Fire Alarm Sent | instead ofa ing The Recorder told Kicepping
In, but It Was Only the Muse Barning. j that if he beheved lis og wae doing pilicy

} duty it weu'd be well tor him to settle that

The fuse on a Second avenue car bi {out | question with tee pollceman on the beat.
at Thirty-fourth street last night, Conductor | hiveppig was alowed a dayto make up his
John Powers went inside the car and pulled = ive a te tax. If he Goss not the dog

ot.

 

up the trap door in the middle of the aisle to see .

what the trouble was. A streak of biue fame c ED EVICTION Y
shot up through the open trap and a santo of Beat . = * BSAte.

 

 

           

 

      
  

 

  

ymaassenger® rushed both ways to o th
Sore, Somebouvy sent it x : get vs oo Mrs. McConnell Jumped Out of the Window
fore the firemen got there th tor and on Her Lost ay at Home
tor a ern ere t r «ith my ’ ‘ all
moterangn hed on ther ou re wit They didn't dispossess Mrs. Nellie MoCon
| nell from the tenement atsvs host Porty-seventh |
THE FLOODS IN TEXAS | Street yewtertay, because before the tine for |
. | the eviction arrived shu jumped out of the
Communication With Menardville Scill Cot | third-story window and died in the yard
Off No Flood at Austin. McConnell was a junkman. He and his
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 24,—The Colorado River wife rented thotr flat for 26-59 month and |
; Be } 24, the rent was two tmonths behin 6 lancd-
at this point has not reached high water mark, lady seoured a ditpossess werrant, but Mrs
and it t& thought that the food whidh caused 2! Comme!ll went to court and, teiling of her |
much destruction to property woug its upper ha truggie to keep & hone together, ob- |
OOURSe hag spent most ot nd that t Tr days’ race The tine expire
{inundation beiow here wil , . ce e On Tuesday night Mrs. MeCon-
niture. The town of Mona © te ctill anne Tell tried to jurap out of the window, but t
off from communication with the outside wor held her bh
and it ie not set Known what extent o s Whee wus Bt to rk terday
damage was at that aCe aed } , Care mor kin idly to a friend
flow of the Sausaba River : a pW PesseRsions Must bh
sold for } f od wen t and, aa
: * n of t air Ira. MeCon-
York, Pa., Chain Works to Resume Oct, s. 1 body fell upon the pavement
Youu, Pa. Sept 26 fh: Ne
are to eens | pirat rh ‘ “= ; ~ W ent j Soldiers’ Monument Dedicated
< erations ne 5 ly will : !
mean work for about one hundred persons | Port CuxstEr, N. Y., Sept. 26.—i/ort Chester |
The shop is equipped with over one hundred had a parade to-day in which 2,000 veterans of |
fires. All of the former emt ae «take the Crvii aad the Spanish wars, dremen, police |
back if th wish t , hac a and eivte svci*ties purtic:pated. The oocasion |
BAS over tha } a r wis t n of bandsome granite
1 : ! } ‘ se ta 4
oe . ‘
» ta en bs i j ee W. |
than seventy-five ce sade . a ® t ’ e 7 . : ;
Piece workers were ihen making ts i he village s ke a I
@weoek. There wore about one a a se i “7. York ot rather |
‘Went on strike at | ttn 4 wh | n of the de ties,
ike at that Tie «strikers have | dohn P
lost on evere mint of d. ference - a | ya 7 rer artment
i au. 1

  

   

| Sargent

HARVARD ‘VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM
MAKES POOR SHOWING.

Only One Touohdown Made in Thirteen
Minutes Against third Eleveo~Beck In-
Jered tn Yale Scrimmage at New Havea

Practice at Princeton and Columbia,

CAMBRIDOR, Sept. 26.—The Harvard ‘Varalty
eleven, in i's first practice game of the season
on Soldiers Field this afternoon, waa able to

 

soore but one touchdown against the third
eleven in thirteen minutes of play. Had it been
the second eleven it would not have been so

bad, buta made up most-
ly of veterans and substitutes on last year's
eleven, and the third eleven is composed
largely of green men, it is clear why a spirit

the ‘Varsity eleven!

THE SUN, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER

CRIMSON PLAYERS LINE UP. |

|

first half, and while no long runs were made,
et men did well on offensive work, #soor-
Ing once and the call of time found them again
on Colgate'’s five-yard line, In the secon
half au entire new team was put ip and the
acrubs, too, did well, making two touchdowns
in eight minutes of play. Coffin and Burns,
who played half backs in the second half, were
very speedy and played hard. Both give
promise of having ‘Varsity material in them.

ALTOONA, Sept. 26.—-John F. Geiger, the noted
centre who was turned down by Coach Wood-
ruff of the Quaker team because he played with

the Latrobe team in 1898, has reported for prac-
, tiee with the Latrobe eleven Geiger rowed
at 6 in the Vesper crew, which recently won
the eight-oared international race at Paris,

of gioom has suddenly fallen over the college. |

The one touchdown made by Gierasch means
practically nothing, as he made it on one long
end run. The only other cons derable gain made
by the Varsity was on anend run by E. Kenaali,
When tho ‘Varsity tried to force the oentre of
the third eleven it was held firmly, No gains
could be relied uponin that part of the cppos-
Ma e.evel,

that he himself went into play on the ‘Varsity
at quarter back, the firet time this year he has
devoted liimself to the player’s lo, bit even he

Capt. Daly was so much worried |

could net getadnap and dash into the team, and |

tthe whole a

the worst part
the rudimen-

backs were sadly deficient in
tary parte of the game here was fumbling of
punta, and fumbling of ball« om the pass, @ fail-

pre to tackle in the opep field and behind te
line. The kicking was aleo weak. In short, the
opening practice gainerhowed that Harvard's
even iain poor shape al presen!

In its game Wits the fourth eleven the second

   

eleven n ade A toucha wo on end
runs. Clarke, who sored it, waa the
frat na of the season to get knocked
out, but he recovered very quickly.
In this games Rober the freshman 274
pounder, blecked a kick, and generally dis-

tinguished himself for activity unexrpeoted in
& man of he weight. Brayton, full back on
jast year's acrul) eleven, was out for bis first
practice, playing fora short time on the fourth
aleven The make-up of the first and second
elevens was as on Monday and Tuesday
Rvery one is ‘ooking anaiously forward tc +4e
what the ‘Varsity will do te-morrow afternoon
when it feces the second eleven Training
table began at lunch to-day with (hese players:
Daly, Campbell, Hallowell J. Lawrenee Sawin, ¢
RBarnerd, Ler, Bowditch, Grayden, Knowb

ton, Sugden, Derby, Gierasch, Wo Kendall, B. Keo

| dall, Blagdeo, Hawkins, Stillman and Kerman

At the close of practioe the following were
dropped from the squad, seventy-five remaine
ing

Riakely, Pter, ©. Locke, Page, Ogliby, A, Pons,
! ke |, Tenney, Abdo, G Shue, Clapp, [horr
Gade, Hutehinson, Witney, Percival, Packer, 1’ «1,
Delong, Jones and Meier

Nww HAVEN, Sept 26--M. L. MoBrid rr)
head coach of ie Yale eleve 1, War assisieu is

in the coaoh.ne by the Kev. Georee

afternoor
nied hia time to the new

 

 

  

ffir was that the |

Cutte Cutten de

ateria! for the centre, and especia to Holt, |
who is belog trled on the ‘Varsity. Mo
Bride kept ciose beside Cook, the baseball
player, who is being tried at lal! back
as the result of McBride's coachin
Cook aid very good work around the end,
Another acedent happened this afternoon
which bas given the coac.es @ good deal of
co; efu, Pred Beck, who began to play yestere
day alter a abee f three years from ‘he

   

 

vaiio was badly as<@n Up iD 4 scrimmage.
Beck was kicked in tue side and hed to retire
from the gaine. Lie narrowly escaped a broken
ribo It will be some time before he will be
abletopay again Fincke was back in us old
place at quarter back this afternoon Lloomer,
freshman from Andover, wae played at
tackle again the seooud eeven. He did
some very good work and there ia nu doubt
that he will be heard from during the season
‘The practice was limited to five minutes but in
this time the Varsity managed te run Sharpe
down toe fleldfor a touchdown, Bloomer was
consolenous in the suruggle abd several dmee
he tackled both Sluarpe and Cook sucosssfuily,

 

the

PHILADEI PATA, Sept. 26.-—The appearance
of Dr. J. William White upon the eridiron this

 

 

  
    

fternoon at Franklin Field was the signal
for a argat pping of hands by the students
and the football plavers. He had just returned
from Europe. After seeing Pennsylvania's
fifty-two eandidates go through two hard
rract games sen minutes each Dr,
White became ent! and ventured to
give expresso! is impressions, He raid

 

“We have a Likely looking lot of materia]
this year, All the men svueme very fast and
they go at their work in @ most encouragimg
war Lara delighted.”

While the work of the men was briak and
inspirtng there was bad news whispered about
the fleid. It was that Wallace and Teas would
not be able to play football this year. Of
course; this news is not positive, but there is
some doupt about the men being able to pasa
their necessary e\aminations, of the
two Wallaceis the most uncertain, These
men are two of the few left-overe
from last year eud trey are w_ be
counted among the strongest players. Teas
had been picked fora guard and Wallace looked
to be sure of a ltne position. Jast year
McCracken played full back and this year
with Hare and Taas at guard i seemed likely
that “Mac” would again play back of the lino,
if Teas cannot plav there should be no fear
felt for the tear, Signal and formation prac
tloo was indulged tn for a hour or more, then
two elevens wero ploked and for fifteen min-
utes a fast game was played. Then two other
tearns were lined up and they struggled with

 

 

 

 

| from 135

each other for the same tima, What might
be termed the ‘Varsity team sncereeded in
scoring a touchdown, It was the first one
of the year vas nade by Capt. Hare

PRIN« ‘, Sept. 26.—The continued hot
weathe ed the coaches here to cut the
‘Tigers’ practice down to the lowest Limit this |

afternoon, and the hour was spent in tackling
the canvass man and running througb forma-
tions, After each player had exhuusted his

| three trials at the tackling dummy, the can-
'

{dates were called to the centre of the field,
where the squad was again divided lato two

aclions the sam@ aA yesterday Arthur
Pp k charge of thescrubs, while his brother
Nat and Balifett and Edwards superintended
the work of the first team At first the 'Var-

 

 

 

sity players were sent through the forma-
tlons on a walk unell each man knew
just where he ought to be at every
stage of the play, ‘Then the pace waa grad-

ually quiokened, until the formationa were
moving off as fast as they would have been in
a reguiar contest. Melers, shortatoy on last
vears
the first to-day. The

time undergraduates

baseball team, appeared on the fleld for |

have been hearing stories recently concerning |

the remarkable sucoess of Underhill, the East
Orange High School bey, in drop kicking on
his preparatory 100] team last year. It waa
not until this afternoon, though, that they
had positive proof that he can do the trick in
fine style, With Ballictt passing the ball Le
kieked five goals without a miss from the thirty
five-yard line, He ts quick in getting the pig-
n away from him and his kicks are plenty
ptrong anc h. He will probably get a clance
totr ~ daline of struggitng players
to-morr

  

 

  

  
 
 

   
 

 

Sept. 26 —The athletio
oounell of Willian wa} isdecided that Wes
ton Fieldis not available tothe tootballite this
autumnp and the undergraduates are wonder-
ing where the home games will take place.
Weston Field was laid out this summer wita aa
elaborate system of drainage and a perfectly

WILLIAMSTOWN, Mas

  

 

 

 

      

    

 

level surface at an exypuuse of $12,060 On
account of its newness the council has felt that
the fleld would not be safe to play upon, as the
newly laid turf caves in frequently. The
Willams plavers are perfectly willing to run
the risk « } injuries, but the council felt that It
would not be right to subject visiting players |
to that danger also o choice of a sulsti-
tute grikliron hag been made. Several ficids
are being considered, but objections attach
to all of them ‘he eleven is practising on
the old fleld, but the proposal that home games

he played e is pot to be considered. A
rieeting wil ne held within a week to decide
upon a field.

PITTsri ein, Sept. 26.—Capt. Brown ofthe Yale

    

 

 

 

foo team, har been keeping We wires hot
tii importuning exe Burr Chain-
be Dalton to # pw Haven ond
iiss in getting the "Varsity squad into shaje
Chamberlin to-<lay decided to refi Feveral
te ung offers f other colleges to coach
and to go to New Ha {in reeponse
to Capt. Brown's recueat and will leave to-
juorrow for Yale. It is understoed that Cham-
berlin wil give two weeks to coaching the
linemen

New Brunswick, Sent Rutgers de-

   

   

  

|} Swartwout and T. ©.

foated the Coll the City New York
b a soore of St n son Field to-day.
wo fifteen minute vas were plave Rut-
é ‘s first amd only score was made tn the
é part o. the frst half, the touchdown
being nade by Capt. Man: The New York
team was much stronger than that which faced |
Rutger’ last
RINC ET Sey 26 Ridgeway Hart, the
f { H nh, WAS reported
t oni that he was in
IP 2 entrance ex-
amino ) i} inst 1 the untverstty
said to-night that Hart had tried the entrance
es ation here and that the credentials

whieh he held from Yale and the papers which

he presented at the examination were not sul-

 

 

ficlent admit him to Princeton. His ex-
ateination papers, it is sald, are now on file at
| the « ege of
in ‘ lo-d é ‘ ‘

     

  
 

Last Monday Ceiger failed to get a place on the
Lafayette College eleven on account of ineligl-
bility

Yesterday afternoon the first regular practice
of the New York University full feetball squad
was heldat Berkeley Oval ‘The tackling dummy
i expected to arrive this week and on Monday
next hard work will begin. 1..G. Blunt, captato

of just year's team, did not reportfor practice !

but is expected to do 80 s00 \mong the men
who were addea to the squad were Stookell,
Hyatt, De La Mater, Turdy, Lyon: and from the
freshman class Johnson and Tuttle. Hh. Bera-
man, @x-'90, returned to colleae yesterday after-
noon as a senior and will probably play tackle
as he didin 't. The camplete schedule as given
out by Manager Gould is as | ollows

Oct. 6, Alumnt: Oct 9, Stevens Institute; Oct. 27,
St Stephen's College; Oct 31, Weat P tnt; Nov, 4,
Rensselaer Institute; Nov, 10, ‘Trinkty College; Nov.

17, Rutgers College; Nov, 21, Hamiiton Colicge
Fully three hundred students and a seore or
two of women were on South Field yesterday to
welcome the Columbia football candidates back
to home practice, Over twenty new candidates
appeared After an hour's practice with the
new men two teams were formed and worked

for some time putting the ball into play. Then
thefirst line-up of the year was attempted. The
"Varaity was unable to make more than @
single touchdown against the 6 rub eleven
This was due to the star playing of
Holman, the new ‘Varsity half back from
Salt Lake City, who broke through
the line for a run of thirty-five vards

A number of the new candidates showed up
in excellent form Hillhouse from the Sonkers
High School, Holman and Letfel did especially
well at half back, while Ache and Rogers tipheid
their guards tn good atvlie. Ten more can-
didatea will be on hand to-morrow, Including
Morley, Smythe and Brvceof last vear's team
There is still hope that Slosevitch can be in-
duced to play, but Capt Simons and Knapp
are both out of the game for good. | Manager
Shoemaker expecta to see Smith, the former
Union captain, on the flald {in a few diys, as
well as several new candidates from the pre-
paratery schools. The following played oa
the ‘Varsity team in yesterday's game

M lom, left end; Austin, left tackle; Ache and
Bure eft guard; Murphy, centre; Tyson, right
guard fn, right tackle: Goodman, right end,
Van Hoevenberg, quarter back; Holman, left half
back; Weekes, right half back, Ashley, full back.

The first ractice game of the season
of the Manhatta College football team
took place ye:terday Tho work 0 several
players was good, particularly Slevin, Cotter
and Kilroy. The-ohe tule bas juet been com-
pleted ad several good games will he played
Capt Kilroy hopes to inake an excellent show-
ing against Columbia.

 

 
 

Football Games Yesterday.

At Chicago—University of Chicago, 26; Monmouth

Colles. 9
At Carlisio—Indians, 21; Dickinsoa 0.

Football Notes,

The Tenafly Football Club would like to hear from
teams of players averaging about 115 pounds Ad
dress CG A. Demarest, maneger, Tenafly, N. J,

The Corona A. ©. of Washington Heights would
Mke to arrange games with any 90 or 95 pound team
Address William Schinitt, 156th street and Broad
way

The Rivington A. G
started practice yesterday.
Address Manager Waring,
Hoboken, N. J.

The Knickerbocker F. CG. bas Nov. 24 open for a
firat-class out-of-town team whose players average
to 140 pounds, Addresa A. C. Pordon, 61
West Ninet y-slata street.

football team of Hoboken
A few dates are open.
909 Bloomfheld street,

 

ENGLISH CHALLENGE ACCEPTED,

 

Lorne Campbell Currte Will Try for Seawan-
haka-Corinthian Cap.

MONTRRAL, Sept. 26--At the meeting of the
Roval St. Lawrence Yacht Clob held last even-
ing it was unanimously devided to accept the
challenge of Lorne Campbell Currte of Havra
France, backed by the Island Sailing Club
of Cowes. ‘The Royal St. Lawrence Yacht
Club, in accepting this challenge of an Mnglish-
man, did so with the coneurrence of the White
Hear Sailing Club St. Paul and the Biack
Rock Harbor (lub of Bridgeport, Conn., from
which obubs challenges had also been reoetved,
ft. Lawronce \achisines are delighted ar the
pr ot of a revival of the interest in vaohting
which will follow from the participation of a
European crew in the gontest for the Beawan-
haka-Corinthian cap. Some of the yachtsmer
are paroularly pleased, aa they believe tle
adnission of a Furopean yacht will nettle the
Seawanbaka-Corinthiana of New Yor The
races will take place on Lake St. Louis next
July.

 

 

 

Early Dawn Defeats Little Peter in First of a
Series of Match Races.

Boson, Sept. 26.--The first of the series of
rmoatch races betwee. Early Dawn and Lit
tle Petar, two of the crack 25-footers in Maasa-
chusetts Bay, resyited in an easy victory to-day
forthe former. Many thousands of dollars had
been Wagered on the match, which ts the best
two in three races over the old Mass#ichusetts
Yacht Club 10-inile trlangular oourse off Nahant

for $200 a side. The Little Peter, owned by J,
J. Moebs. was the favorita, aitho igh she is three

 

years vider than the Early Dawn, wiich was
faynched this spring. Both boats were
seied by professional ekiprera and were
well handled The start was made at 1

o'c ock in a lively east by south breeze, There
was quite a jump to the sea, which worked
havoo with the Little Peter on account of her
long flat overhavg forward. ‘The Early Dawn
walked away steadily from her rival and at the
first turn was several minutes to the good The
Little Peter parted her port masthead shroud
on the beat out, but was jot handicapped long
by the aceident. The second leg was a spinniu-
kerrun, which netted a considerable gain for
the Early Dawn. The Little Peter gainod on
the beam reach home The Eariv Dawn's
elapsed time was 2:00:30 and that of the Little
Peter 2:05:55.

 

Jobn Graham Will Take Charge of Harvard
Athletes on Oct, i,

John Graham, who succeeded Marry Corntah

aa athletic director of the Boston A, A., Las

been appointed trainer of the Harvard ati-

   

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

letio teams, He will succeed James G, Lath-
rop, who has been in charge of the wearers
of the Crimson for more than ten years, Gra-
ham has had previous experience at Harvard,
having worked as assistant to Pr Sargent
in the fier AY gymnasium, during which
time he obtained a dijueoma f proficiency in
ge mnastics, Graham was also of the
Nlarvard trainers in the ‘83, but 't to take
charge of the Charlesbank rvimnasium.
He was the athletic director of the & st ;
ju 1806, and accompanied the team sent by that
e ub to the international games at. Athens,
Graham will assume his duties Monday, Oct,
i, when flarvard’s track tea candidates are
ca led to appear on Soldiers’ bie idto begin tal
training. Trainer Lathr Pp has not decides
» where he will go. He has several tempting
ctfers

Oarsman Daly Will Not Fnter Yale This Fall, |

New HAVEN, Sept. 24.-—It ts settled that Cor-

nelius Daly, who waa after a place on the
Yale ‘Varsity crew, will not enter Yale
this fall examinations

Fie has failed in poverss
and has decided tostay out until next vear at
least. Davy lea member of the Wachysetts Boat
Ciub of Woroamer and rowed in (he four-eared
crew with E. H. Ten Byek as atroke.

Lawn Tennis.

The West Side Tennis Club's annual champlonship
tournament was continued yesterday afternoon atthe
bd grounds, Eighty ninth street and Central Park
‘ ihe soores
mpionsuip Singlies—Preliminary round—Hugh
Tallamt beat A. S. Oragin by default

Firs) Round—Cajhoun Cregin beat C. M

 

  

Relyea,

 

6-3, 6—3; A. B ewen beat O. M. Bostwick, 6—1,
6—4; Hugh Tallant beat G E Fdwards, 6—4, 0—7;
A.B. Hunt beat VW, Wing, 7--5, 5-7, 6-3

Semi-Qnal Heound—A. 5. Bowen beat Calhoun Cra-
gin, 6-2, 7—5

Chammenship Doubles — Pretim'!nary
Trask beat ¢

Lb. ifunt, 6-1, 6-0

round—R

 

Handicap Sing) -Preliwtaary round—C. E Ed
wards (15) beat OC. M. Relyca chalf 18), 6—2, 6-2; G
C, Kelly (seratch) beat O. M. Bostwick owe 3 by
default.

First Round—A. B. Hunt chalf 15) beat A. S
Cragin (serateh), $~7, 8-6, 6-2: T. ©. Trask
(serate beat C. C Kelig (scratch), 6—38, 6—8: C

hour Cragin (owe half39) beat Wo Wing (half 14)
7-5, 2-6, 6—2

PRINCETON, Sept. 26. The annual fall tennis
tournament at Princeton University todetermine tye
university's representatives ip the luitercollegiate
contest fs being held on the frokaw courts here
Forty-stx men have entered, which number isetghteen
more than eveg compet dia any previous Ftar, The

 

  

gomesint rst round resulted as f ws Alex

ander beat Vail, 6 3, 4 @: ily beat Ad 6 4
‘ oont beat Strer aQ ¢ ' :

‘ Ww. M 1, ¢ Al fefauit

t ‘fe afr beat ¢ i Rh ‘

he
Hytees and Marshall resumed play ip the seeond

| @ame of the series at the Manhattan Chess Club last

i tue st place, the halves we

minutes in length and the weather was so hot

and oppressive that many times the play was

SLopped so that the men could have a breathing

fre nell put in the ‘Varsity team for the '

 

night The former won after ferty-aiz meves

 

M. Relyea and |

27, 1900.

 

   
   

  

LENT COIN TO A BUNCO MAN,

MR. LARSON FROM THE WEST WASN'T
GOING T0 SEEM MEAN. ‘

leges and Schools.
For Boys a Young Men—Oity & Oountry,

NEW YORK
PREPARATORY
SCHOOL.

Oldest New York Sehool specializing Regents’ work,

Largest schoo! preparing for professional colleges,

Best equipped for law, me dical, dental certificates

Both New York and Brooklyn Divisions hold sepa.
rate “absolute or permanent” limited charters granted
by the Regents.

Aiumol number uearly 5,000 men and women

No “eheap tutors,” bula staf? of profeasional and
experienced graduates of Yale, Coluinbla, Cornell and
other colleges

Lowest fees consistent with retention on faculty of
men of ablilly and successful experience

DAY OR EVENING SESSIONS.

| New Term Begins Oct. Ist.

In epite, Catalogues and ‘Success in Regents’ Examtna-

} tons’ sent, Address

| 15 WEST 43D 8T., NEW YORK CITY,
200 JORALEMON S8ST., BROOKLYN

 

 

 

Hls Friend Stroebel Not So Kasy—Was Giving
615, but Grabbed It Back—Hires a Guide
to the Deutschiand Afterward, That Was
Guaranteed Not to Borrow His Watch.

The Stevens House in lower Broadway bas
just had more trouble with its old enemies
the bunco men, who hang around that part
of the hotel's accessi-
piers it has

of town. On account
bility to the steamship offlees and
always been patronized by outgoing and {n-

coming travellers, Many of these
are unversed in the ways of the affable gen- |
tlemen who make it thelr business to acquaint |
strangers with the wiles of New York at the

Manager Strauss and his

 

European

strangers’ expense
clerks have grown red in the face trying to
impress upon guests the fact that very few
bricks that glitter are really gold.
of their efforta the confidence then have had
no trouble in borrowing money from traveb
lers, “to be paid on the steamer,” and in carry-
ing out other variauons of the bunco game,
until last June. Then several of the operators
were arrested, and the crooks Were frightened
off. The hotel management had hopes that
their retirement permanent, but it has
been disappointed.

George Larson, @ prosperous business man
of West Superior, Wis, and Joseph Stroebel
of Council Bluffs, Ia, came Bast with the
intention of sailing on the Hamburg-American

Senftner School,

13 ASTOR PLACE, NEAR BROADWAY.

Academic Department,

Prepares for all leading universiies, new system
of instruction. Two years’ course.
For academic catalogue address
ll, F. Senftner, A. B., M. D., Prin,

Regents,
29th Session Begins October t, 1900,

 

wus

   

  

liner Deutschland, iat Tuesday. When they | ,O1 DEST LARGESE, NEST ROUIFPED aid
discovered that they were to be fellow pase | This school has successfully prepared thousands
sengers they became friendly, and on Tuesday | a ee ated ‘Dhe Seen SS are
morning started up Broadway sightse@ing, | LE For catalurue contatr ing IMPORTANT
While looking in & winduw 4 amooth-looking | N‘ PLAIN FACTS GENUINE SUCCESSIN

person jotned them,
“[ beg your pardon, gentlemen, but havent G,
seen you at the Stevens/” spoke the new-
just

comer, “I'm astranger in town, and > e
looking round to pen the time, I sail to-day
ol the Deutachiand,”
Larson and Stroebel were glad to meet him ;

and when a moiaent later t# mK Deutach-

W. Senftner, A. B., LL. L., Secretary,

 

land-fellow-touring- Steverns- House ave ta” | 45 West Gist St,, Mashattan Square, North,
ea ) all were over! ay the cole aco
‘ de ton, * he f ret mal eugeented that ty al SCHOOL FOR BOYS,

} 8
mK

yopany him to the Bre lyn

the time they acc
eight that needed

RE-OPENS SEPT. 27TH.

Bridge, where he had somo |
looking after. This they did At the Bridge For information or catalogue address
pier, however, the man who waa in charge

of the freight said that if the charges on it
were not paid within ten minutes it would
have to wait until tho next stewner, The
@tranger @x plained that he wouldn't have time
to go to hia hotel and back in tea minutes, but
the freight mai was obdurate

“Why, this is an outrage,” said another of the
“fellow tourists” “Two hundred and forty
dojlara? I only have $100 with me, but if that

“N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jt, M. A. Principal
THE LOYOLA SCHOOL.

|

| N. W. Corner of 44d Street and Park Avenue.

| Under the Direction of Fathers of the Soctety of

| Jesus Opens Monday October ist

' College Preparation throug! Grammar and Aca
demic Departments, Day puplis only; number lim
ited: classes of ten. Buildh « new and Sreprooiy

 

will help you out why take fy.’ | gymnasium; equipmenis T

Mr Lareon waa not so be utd ne and prompt. | Fer annum Par pros) eeus and particwiare asin +4
ly supplied the other $140. Then @ll walked | Vice Pringlpal, Rev. WM. J. ENNIS, S. J., 060 Park
back to the hotel and Larson and Stroebel | Avenue
waited outside ence or ided to go In, | N. N. MoKINNON, 8. J., Priactpal.
Stroebel, never dreaming that anything was/| 5 spa aaa ——
wrong, decided to stroll about a bit longer.| Pladison School, M@N™, VALe
He had not gone far when whom should he | oN JONYRR anak ee grin atte ous.
5 lor tb } ¢ a > Nv. , . 4 g le
chance meet but three more “Deutsehland | Winter session opens October 18th, Number of

fellow-tourlst-StevensHoure- guests." They
proved us good fellows as the others, and before
they had gone far one of them, who had ub |
fortunately left his pocketbook in his “other
clothes,” persuaded Stroebel to lend him $15 to
purchase a tew iiitle things he needed on the
yoyage Stroebel tad just handed the money
over whan i #suddanly struck him that he'd
never seen so many forgetful people tn all hia
life as those who were going lo travel on the
Deutsohland.

“Vait yet,” he said grabbing his friend by
the lapel of the coat. “I haf no knowledge
mit you. Gif me dot fifteen spot. vick!"

Iwo of the strangers took t& their heels at |

boarders limited totwenty. Ae, from 12 years
Work, privete tutoring with the advantages of
schoo) assoctations Carriculam, reper elaty w
Columbia applied sclences Physdcal Culture,
joenem anally every pupil nis horse) Fencing and
' field work acilities, Laboratories, Workshops and
ample grounds beautifully situatec New buliding.
G. ven TAUBE, Principal.

 

| RUGBY MILITARY ACADEMY

West End Av. and 84th St,, Manhattan.
Preparation for all Colleges. Primary Department
Military optionalto seniora Day, Special and hoe
re

 

 

 

once. The third turned over the Money 48 dent Students. Twe year begins Oct It
quickly as poasible and then followed suit. | / liminary instruction Sept 17th, Telephone 1260
crowd had hewut to gather and Mr. Stroebel | Riverside for iNustrated catalogue

ptarted away ie found thet he had lost nie _

earings inally he picked out a boy who

looked to hirn to be as nearly honest as any one BERKELEY SCHOOL, 435 Madison Ave.

Twenty-first year begins Oct Spectal attention

in New York, and offered him 75 centa to con- |
to preparation for Harvard, Yale, Columbia and

duct him to the Stevens House. Once there |
he went up to the desk and ithe clerk that | Princeton, with opportunity for rapid advancement
he would want a guarartead glide to conduct | New fireproof buildings—Armory, Gymnasium,

m to ! > oO “_ | Swimming-Pool, Laboratories.
him to his steamship The hotel guides were Tight boarders received Into teachers’ families

 

  

all eng “0 and we clerk suggested the boy | TOUN 8S. WHITE, LL. D.. Head- Master
who he yrought him in ( ‘nate beh fe i

“Himmel, no'” Mr. Strosbel exclaimed, “He daily ee eee eee ne
seems honest, but how do I know? Vat if ha | ——-—— - - -_-——
should be a Deutachland tourer? Vat if he DWICHT SCHOOL

should vant my vatch for to sea vat time der 15 West 43d Street, New York Clty

boat woes? I vill be villing to pay a dollar ® » s q

und a half, but de man must be cuaranteed,” Figh want eee eno he net tan 7 20
A suitable guide was at last procured and Mr. | years of age. Individual attention given boys whose

Tarson and Mr. Stroebel reached their ship | education has been irregular. Large faculty. Labor

atories Gyronasium Athletics.
Annual catalogue will be sent en ap viication to
ARTHUR WiLLIAMS. B. A., Prinotpal
on —- ~

RVING SCHOOL (BOYS), L. D. RAY,

without further ineident. When Mr, Stroebel
learned how his friend lad fared he guyed him
for being 80 easy a nark

“I.” he eaid proudly, “am fifteen tollar ahead,
becausel haf nod ost it alreatty.”

 

The news of M Larson's loss must have ' . st ; '
reached the ears of the other bunco men, for NEW BUILDING, 85 WEST 84TH STREET,
early vesterday inorning the Stevens House was Open Sept 27th, Mr. Ray now at school

 

Primary, lutermedtate and Cellegiate gradea Indi-
viduai work under professional teachers
| Classes average eight
| Seventy graduates fitted successfully for college
@inoe iyo Year Book on request

THE SCHOOL OF

}
COMMERCE, ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE
OF NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
OPENS OOTOBER 1, 1900.
Por ANNOUNCEMENT, containing all tnforma-

 

il of them. Detectives Mooney and Silk of |
the Chureh street station were on hand and ar
rested two men, Frederick Miner, a piano maker,
who refused his address, and James Wilson, a
salesman, of 74 Fleet street, Brooklyn, on sus-
\ cion, but in the Centre street court Magistrate

fort demded there was no evidence on which to
luoid them,

 

   

 

 

 

     

TELLIGENCE.

MARINE

N TRE AL NAO i
alae nS * MAR AO—THIG DAY fon, send postal w “Registrar of University, Wash-
Sun rises......5 51 } Sun sets..5 51 | Moon seta... 7:33 | Ington Square, New York City.”
HIGH WATER-THIS DAY onal sented aan _ cas vannt RAEN

Bandy Hook.10 13} Gov. I'd 10.45} Hell Gate..12:38 Collegiate School,

241 WEST SEVENTY-SEVENTSH ST.,
REOPENS MONDAY, OCTOBER 1

Arrived—WEDNESDAY, Sept 26
Ss Oceantc. Cameron, Liverpool, Sept 19.

      

Sa Friedrich der Grosse he . Bremen, Sept 18, Mr. Mygate will be at the schoolhouse daily, 9 to 12
Furnessia Ing, Glasgow, Sept. 1S ind 4 w 6 o'clock
Ss Sardinian, Johnstone, Gla.gow, Sept 13, —$  —$ SD
Ss EC! Sud, Higgins rons, S 21
eek | SYMS SCHOOL.
Ja ksonv lie, Sept. 24
om. th Robert H. Syms. William ©, Simmons.

4, Curry. Baltimore. Sept. 24. APPLY FOR CIRCULAR.

 

 

Ss A orn f Raltimore, Sept 24 >

Ra Kansas City. Fisher, Savannah, Sept 24 22 West 45th Street,
Ss Goldsbero. Swain, Pailadalphia, Sept 26, es See
Ss Guyandotte, Hil Norfolk, Sept, 25,

 

vg. Portland, Sept. 25.
Rosario, July 18

Ss Horatio Hall Br
Hiark Hlliside, Morrill j
117 and 110 West 125th Street,
Kindergarten Rouen High School Preparatory.
ISTH YEAR BEGAN SEPT, 20TH.

ARRIVED OT.
Ss Amsterdam, from New York, at Roulogna

Ss Kaiserin Maria Theresia, from New York, at | WM. 1.. HAZEN, B. A., LL. B., Mead Master,
Rrer . : THEO. EF. LYON, B.S., Assoctate Head Master,
Ss< Patricia, from New York, at Plymouth ¢ “4

Ss Nomadic, from New York, at Liverpool,
Ss Anchoria, from New York, at Glasgow,

PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY COLLEGE

Chester, Pa. Suth yeartegins Sept, LOth.
Degrees in Civil Engineering, Chemistry, Arta Also
Thorough Preparatory Courses Infantry, Artillery
and Cavalry Drillx, “A miliary school of ihe highest
erder."’-—U, 8S. WAR DEPT.

Catalog ues of Col. & E. HYATT, President

SACRED HEART ACADEMY.

SAILED FROM PORFIGN PORTA
Ss Teutonte, from LAverpool for New York.

OUTGOING STI AMSHIPS
Sali To-day,

Malls Clos, Vessets Sail

    

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

Reaiger Priedr ee abate ; an ‘ ¥ 13 e348 Mw | Select Catholife Boarding School; thorough
Kiet Bitmch atts S8ORM «| (POOR M | MameauG, Saf geanGlonl set meeting ge aa g.eee
q oe +00 ‘ ~ s a rpasse ry «ar poderate
} etoris erm VA. see vere A a a a eS 4 a Brother AUGUST, West Cheater N Y siead
Nine ror PM 300 PM) EXPERT EDUCATION, Backward youths and

sma ‘ ue 2 PM oOPM unsuccessful for eoilege entrance received by expert
Fi Ma . i oe S00PM tutor (married) of long eaperlence, tn bis pleasant
home. at Morristown, N. J. Suceess guaranteed. Num-
a yer limited. JTilghest recommendation. F ire
One a CR erases 4 a 8 bt g My and terms apply to H. PEN Tiana A
Hermingus, koa 1 11t 300 PM S00 PM | TUR BBCTORY SCHOOL, New Milford, Liteh-
~ a rande ick... : | e o., Conn, dreas ad-master, Harve
Hi a Bruns nee Pbiihe $00 P M | FE. Taylor, formerly of Pomfret Coun, or Mz Charice
ai) Saturday, Sep. 20. S._ Everest. M. A.
mbria, Liverpool . SSOAM 900AM | _Releremce by permission: Mrs Wm D. Black
Spaarndam., Rotterdam.... SOOAM 1000 A M | Patroneas of Ingleside
] zase lrene, Bremen.... WOO AM > - Snap egNapaeenat
1land, Denmar ‘ POOAM 1100 A M | Yor Girls & Young Women-City & Country,
Furnessia oeary wsoee LUOOAM 1200M }
ee eymndon..«. © eee HOOAM | e
Hamburg gooau |) The Veltin School for Girls.
phian, I.tverpool.. College Preparation. Number of pupils limited to
Hat 1100AM 100P M twelve in cach class
taP ASOAM 1100 AM Pire-proof building. Elevator
hany 1000 AM 1200M 160-162 WEST 74TH STREET.
Maraceibo, Curacao 1000 AM 1200M - —_—--_—
Ponce, Porto. Rico 1900 AM 1200 M For teang Mea & Women—City & Country.
Rlavensdgie, Yucatan...... LL OOAM 100P M
Comus Nae IOANS. «004, s00P Mw 5
Comal, aiveston 3s00P
1 Paso, New Orleans a so00Pp ¥
INCOMING STRAMSRIPS | Examinations, Central Propacatey School,
Keontvck gneve seseesceQIMMIMNNB ene AOE | . a East 42d st. W. W. SMITH
r east
Narenro. Sevgasesce Sept 12 | By Avy Principal (founder and late principal
Eonsnsic Mull stolid.) Sepe 18 | Of NeW York Preparatory School),

Due To-morrow
2 ae Graduate; suo
on-resident preparation for
Address R 5.¢ PS East 624

j PRIVATE TUTORING by
ssful teacher;
| college a specialty.

ons I ccsaee
serves. Hamburg
cer eee SWannen

ColumDBIA,. 6. eee eee ee
Penney! vanta.

. Sept 20
seven Bept. 1A
Sept 16
23
25

 

 

 

    

a

Tirlstol City .
Fl Dor ad. .ccccessccveres New Orleans.......Sept. 2: ToL bi 7 — " —
Troounts Jacksonville Sept
Ithaka ' HAPAnA......0.0..Sept, 28 runes Getepes.
Due Saturday. Sem 29
Bs Lanta syuinnampton.... gent 22 | NEW YORK BUSINESS INSTITUTE,
nit Ta ° avr ‘ .
Ca Liverpool D Th leading School of Business in Greater New York.
( eee : Galveston Sept. 23 Prepares thoroughly for practical’ work and obtains
ub Budde, Node Sh situations for ali graduates of Complete Commerctal |
; v ‘ | Course. Day and evenin Oall for Catalogue or
Victorla........ GID AIL... eee Seph 14 | Write toClement ( Gaines, Ait, Morris Bank Buuding
Due Menday, Ort, 1 | 225th St. New York, N.Y. ;

 

Annual Free Night Class,

| — Personal Registration required bet Oc
j Exciusively for those employed daily. me os
; Lecocaouien awe Tene dally, A. M,to4P. M
| Si graphy and Typewrit

United Charities Bidg., 105 he — aie

Long Isiand Business College

Court Calendara This Day.

   

 
   

 

  

pmiiate Division Supreme Court — Recess, 145 to 149 Seuth Sth St., Brookiya
Suj Court Sr 1 Term Part L Motion | The business traini . > for
cal Ie tie; . M Past 1G. Px Saree | men and young women nS ew we peels
DAY AND EN ENING SESSIONS
r For probate __ HENRY ©. WRIGHT, Principal
cliult trian ¢ t I ver Ht. Phillipa, j j ’ j 1 ; :
Sta a Note geh ite ans | Kissick’s Business Institute,
ge et so aeag am, Isab N, Pricht, Rosa Levinger $e 1° Ashlond Pl, Brooklyn A therough, pee
CHy Court General Term Adjourned sine a oa in A te a ‘
Special Term --Court opens at 10 A. M.—Motiona seotins. Hostway ¥ = oeerige . $16 fo see

 

 

 

Colleges aud Schools,

Business Colleges.

WALWO RTH INSTITUTE,
108-110 EAST 125TH ST,
20-33 WEST 42D ST.
Short, practical courses, day and evening, in Book+
keeping, Stenography, Ty pewriting, &a dies’ Dus
partment, Prospectus free,

 

 

 

 

THE MILLER SCHOOL

St, James Me cwat 1433 Broadway.
SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING,
DAY OR EVENING, CIRCULARS NO VACATIONS
“'No Better School at Any Price."’

aU ee
THE PAINE UPTOWN
er BUSINESS SCHOOL,
TEL 107 WEST 84TH ST.
BOOK KELP. Cor. Bro dway.
English, Correspondence, &c. Day and Bvening

Par lr INSTITUTE, BROOKLYN, N. ¥.
Fall term begins Sept 24. z

 

 

 

EGRAPHLY

7

 

Schools of Languages.
STERN’S
Schoo! of Languages of New York City.

The Special Classes for Busy People
will reopen Saturday, October 6, 6 P, M.
German and French
“The best teaching we know how to give”
Full course, two months, $4; balf course, ong

month, $3 :
27 East 44th Street, New York.

 

    

“oy, tPaniee Cage EST 1890 gem fruit
sages « UW a? emis ea 4
2 j a A at

“VELASCO SCHOOL-= E
£265 SCHEKMERNORN BT. BAL.
ROEDER conmensininegupasninanenail
Law Schools.
NEW YORK Day School, 55 Nassau St,
Evening School, 0 Weat 14th 3
LAW SCHOOL “Dwight Method"’ of Instrao
thon, LL}. in two years; LLM. In three years,

Scud for catalogue GEORGE CHASE Leama
- ——
Schools of Physical Culture,

OR. SAVAGE GYMNASIUM
o70, Sock’ se, Normal School of Eanes

308 W. 50th St. Edacation,
Eleventh Season now open Clrculara

Post
Pp T OFFICE NOTICKR.

(Should be read DALLY by all interested, as changes
may occiir at any time)

Foreign mails for the week ending Sept 29, 1900,
will close (PROMPTLY tn all cases) at the General
Post Office as follows: PARCELS POST MAILS
close one hour earlier than closing time shown below,
Parcels Post Malis for Germany close at 5 P. M. Mon-
day and Wednesday

TRANSATLANTIO MAILS.

THURSDAY. At 6:30 A. M. for EUROPE, -per
steamship Aller, via Southampton and Bremen
(mall must be directed “per steamship Aller”):
at 6.30 A. M. for ECROPE, per steamship Kalser
Friedrich, via Plymouth and Hamburg (mall
for France, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, Portugal,
‘Turkey, Egypt, British India and Lorenzo Mar-
ques, Via Cherbourg, must be directed “per steam-

Office Aotice.

———oeer

 

~

 

ship Kaiser Friedrich”); at 630 A. M. for
FRANCE, SWITZERLAND, ITALY, SPAIN
PORTUGAL, TURKEY, EBOYPT, BRITISH

   

INDIA and LORENZO MARQL . per steam-
ship La Gaseogne, via Havre (mall for other
parts of Europe must be directed “per steam-
ship La Gaascogne”).

SATURDAY. At 5:30 A. M. for EUROPE Rr
steamship Umbria, via Queenstown: at & A
for NU THERLANDS, per steamship Spaarndam,
via Rotterdam (mail must be directed “per steame
ship Spaarndam”), at 9 A. M. for DENMARK,
per steamship Island (mat) must be directed “per
steamship Island”): at 10 A. M. for SCOTLAND
direct, per steamship Furnessia (mail must be
directed “per steamship Furnessia”).

“PRINTED MATTER, ETC. This steamer takes
Printed Matter, Commercial Papers, and Sam-
les for Germany only. The same class of

mail matter for other parte of Europe will not
be sent by this ship unless specially directed
by her

Atter the closing of the Supplementary Transadantia
Mails named above, additional supplementary
mails are opaned on the piers of the Ameri
English, Freneh and German steamers,
remain open until within Ten Minutes of the
of selling of steamer,

 

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA)
WEST INDIBS, ETC

THURSDAY. At & A. M for BERMUDA A
steamship Pretoria, at 1 P. M, for Yocar
CAMPECHHE, TABASCO and CHIAPAS, pe
steamship Yucatan, via Havana and Progreso
(mail for other parts of Mexico and for Cuba must
be directed “per steamship Yucatan”): at 1 P. M,
supplementary 1.30 P, M.) for NASSAU, QUAN-
"TANAMO and SANTIAGO, Rey steamship Ni-
agars at? P. M for MARTINIQUE, GUADE-
ThUPE, BARBADOS and DEMERARA, bet
6teauiship Talisman, at 9 P. M. for JAMAICA,

wer Steamship Admiral Sampson, from Bosto:

AY. Atl P. M. for JAMAICA, per maanaip
Origen (mail must be directed “per steamship
Origen”), at 1 P. M. for YUCATAN, steam-
ship Dagery, at 8 P. M. for LA PLATA OOUN-
TRIES, per steamship Herminius,

SAT rates Y. -At&30 A.M. for LA PLATA OOUN-
TRIS direct, per steamship Parana; at 10 A. M.
(supplementary 10:30 A. M.) for FORTUNB
ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVANILLA, CAR-
THAGENA and GREYTOWN, per steamahl
Alleghany (mall for Costa Rica must be dire
“per steamship Alleghany } atioa, M. Soupple-
mentary 10:30 A. M.) for CURACAO and VEN-
EZUFLA, per steamship Maracalbo (mail for
Savanilla and Carthagena, via Curacao, must be
directed “per steamship Maracaibo"); at 10 A. M.
for PORTO RICO, per steamship Ponce; at 11
A. M. for CUBA, per steamship Havana; at 11
A.M. for YUCATAN, per steamship Ravens-
dale.

Malls for Newfoundland, by rafl to North Sydney,
and thence by steamer, close at this office datly
at 4.30 P. M (connecting close here every Mon-
day, W ednesday and Saturday). Mails for Mique-
lon, by railto Boston, and thence by steamer,
close @t this office daily at 6:30 P, M. Matis for
Cuba, by rall to Port Tampa, Fla., and thence
by steamer, clase at this office dafly at ¥ A. M.

Vednes-

 

FRI

 

 

  

(the connecting closes are on Sunday,
day and Friday). Malis for Mexico City oves-
land, unless specially addressed for despatch

by steamer, close at this office dally at 2:30 A. M.
and 2:30 P. M. Malls for Costa Rica, by rail
to Mobile, and for Belize, Puerto Portes and Gua-
ternala, by rail to New Orleans, and thence oy
sleamer, close at this office dally at §3:00 P. M.
(connecting close here Tuesdays for Costa Rica
and Mondays for Belize, Puerto Cortes and Gua-
temala). Registered mail closesat 6:00 P. M.
pres lous day

TRANSPACIFIO MAILS.

Malls for Hawati, China, Japanand Philippine Islands
via San Francisco, close here dally at 6:30 P. ML

up to Sept. §27, tuclusive, for despateh per steam-
siip Rio de Janeiro. Matis for Australla (ex-
cept West Australia), New Zealand, Hawai,
Fiji and Samoan Islands, via San Francisco,
close here daily at 6:30 Pp. M. after Sept. $16
and up to Sept. §20, inclusive, or on day of arrival
of steamship Campania, due at New York Sept

429, for despatch per steamship Moana. Malls
for China and Japan, via Vancouver, close bere
dally at 6:30 P, M. up to Oct. §2, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Empress of India (regis-
tered mail must be directed “via Vancouver’)
Mails for Hawall, Japan, China and Philippine
lslands, via Sau Franciseo, close here daliy at
6.30 P M. up to Oct. §15, inclusive, for despatch

per steamship Coptic. Malls for Hawall, via
San Francisco, close here datly at 650 P. M. up
to Oct. $12. inclusive, for despatch per steam

nip Australia. Mails for
Vest Austrailia. which go via Furepe, and
New Zealand, which go via San Franclgco),
and Fiji Islands, via Vancouver, close here daily
at 650 P.M. upto Oct. $13, inclusive, for deapatc
per steamship Miowera (supplementary mals,
Via Seattle. close at 6:30 P. M. Oct. $14).
‘Transpacific mails are forwarded to port of safing
dally and the schedule of closing ts arranced on the
resumption of their uninterrupted overland Wwansit.
gistered mall cleses at 6 P.M previous day.

Australla (eacept

_CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmastes.
Post Office, New York N.Y Sept. 21, 1900

 

TH
K
: SPE
CIALIST LN DISEASES OF MEN. OLD DR. GRIN-
DLE has been longer established and has had mors

Att NTION—OLD DR GRINDLE, GRADU.
UNIVERSITY OF THE CITY Or NEW YO
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, 35 YEARS A

experience than any other advertising physician
city papers prove this) Under his scienttiic system o!
treatment blood and skin disenecs, pain im bones, red
Spots sere Wiroat and th, yloers. ~— 8 °
ings. kidmey and bladder complafnta g in-
peeecee rave, Undeveloped organs, weak ork.
ost v y. are spee permanen ea
about to marry should F to DR. GaN Dies old
established office. over 15 years at 171, Weas 12th at,
between 6th aod 7th ave Impediments removed
Sufferers, do not waste time consulting less skilful
physicians Remember OLD DR GRINDLE hasta
recurd for marvelious cures. Advice free Medidine
$1. Hours 9 to 0; Sundays, 9 to 3

OLD DR. GREY, 45 years a spectaiist ta
diseases of men only. Quickest permanent cure
ruaranterd in all the diseases pecuttar to men, blood
polson, skin diseases, vidney and biadder trouble,
weakness, nervous debility, errors of youth, bad
dreams, undeveloped organs, impedimemts © mar-
rings. &e Consult old Dr. Grey first, he 18 the old-
est established end the longest in practice 0 gas

 

specialist in the city; offlee over 35 years at 120

17th st, near Union Square. Hours, 98; Su
days. 0 to 3. Solenufic treatment; advice frea Med!-
cine only $0 cenis. No charge unless cured

A. ~A.—-DR CONRAD'S SANITARIUM (Estab
4he —1550)—Diseases of women, newly and eom-
pletely equipped. 127 W. 47th st Aate 117), Con-
setatas fee Hours 0-0 Send for buokick Tel

A ~QUICKEST PERMANENT CURE tn diseases
* of men; dangerous cases solicited, relief at ono-;
those desir galy first-class seleniific treatment
should call. eleading apeciallet, DR. BONSCHUR
141 West 2tstst 9to3 6to% Sunday, 10 1.

D® AND MAS. AMES—Oldesi and mpst success:

 

success

specialists in female lrrowut 68; estab
lished 30 years; Improved scient'fe ieatment: tmme-
diate relief vely Guaranteed im most obstinate
cases; private sanitarium: regular graduated phy
sician: consultation free; contidential. j44 West 23d.
Opposite Proctor Theatre

Dp REINHARD, regular ph sietan, pos!
cures female irregularities; single, married; cou
Odentia! sure. 112 West 63d st

 

     
 

sale,

| J R. AND MRS, SCHROEDER, female specialists

careful, sktiful
private.

228

confidential trea
240 Bast 86th ot. ee Gey

WEST 40TH ST. —Dr. Crome eyrooturanatart °
Ues at ones without pale on medieing PY

 

 

*