VOL, LEXIL_NO. 31,

SEA REBELS FIGHT

Black Sea Fleet Reported in
Action With the Potemkin,

eT

MUTINEERS SEIZE COAL,

———— ees

Hold Up a Sritlsh Ship Outside
Pert of Theodosia.

 

1 Not Bomtard That City Inhabitants

Dit

of Mack Sea Coast Towns Warned to |
heep Of ihe Streets 1f the Mutinous |

Warship Appears in Port— Drunkenness

and quarrels
Be

Plot to Dethrone the Czar.

Prouples Now to Increased

by Faintine

( » Despatches to THE SUN.

Toxposy, July &--The Odessa
rndent f the Standard

Admiral Kruger's squadron
Kniaz Potemkin, and that
mutinous crew were killed
The vessel escaped, The

 

that

ort

ary
engased the
many of the
and wounded
report is not confirmed,

Opessa, July 7.—Admiral Chuknin, com-
manding the Black Sea fleet, has telegraphed

the Governor that a squadron has left

Sebastopol with orders to capture or de-
stroy the Kniaz Potemkin, the location of |

which vessel is not known since she left
Theodosia yesterday,

The report that the Potemkin bom-
barded the town before departing is denied.
Bhe did no damage. .

Treoposta, Crimea, July 7.—The Russian
torpedo boat destroyer Smyetelni, which
waa manned with a volunteer crew and sent
in pursuit of the rebel battleship Kniaz

Potemkin Tavritchesky, arrived here to- |

day to find the Potemkin gone. She coaled
and put to sea, presumably to continue the
chase of the mutineer, Fi

Novorossisk, July 7.—-A squadron con-
isting of four battleships, including the
Georgei Pobiedonosets, a cruiser, a torpedo
cruiser and four torpedo boata, arrived
here this evening going south. An official
notice has been posted warning the people
if the Kniaz Potemkin arrives here not to
go in the streets.

SEBASTOPOL, Julv 7.--As a result of the
investigation into the mutiny on the trana-
port Prout 150 sailors have been imprisoned
in the fortress here. The others are still
on hoard the vessel.

Lonpon, July 7.—The Kniaz Potemkin,
according to a despatch from Thecdosia,
allowed a British collier to leave port and
then followed her out to sea and took a
quantity of coal from her.

St. PerersbuRG, July 7.—Rumors of
trouble on board the Knaz Potemkin are
Numerous. It is stated that one of the crew,
who deserted at Theodosia, says that life
on the ship is unbearable. Quarrels occur
daily. Most of the crew are continually
drunk. Typhoid fever has broken out
among them. Fully 400 are anxious to
surrender, but are overawed by the minority
who control thearms,

Another story is to the effect that a ma-
jority of the crew landed a number of the
fainthearted at Kertch.

July 7.—The Odessa
épondent of the Standard says:

“In consequence of the military censor-
thip it is extremely difficult to obtain trust-
worthy news from the southern Crimea,
but since the plot for a general naval revolt
failed I find there is a considerable change
in the point of view from which the people
regard the doings of the Kniaz Potemkin.

At first the battleship appeared in the
light of a great aggressive force arrayed
on the side of the popular struggle for
freedom and a constitutional government.
By the collapse of the naval plot, the pur-
poseless movements and threatening atti-
tude of the Kniaz Potemkin and not least
by her blackmailing exploits, the people
bave become wearied and exasperated
and consider her a roving pirate.

Lon Don corre-

“This, perhaps, is scarcely just to the
Mutineers, as it is certain they were led to
believe that they would be joined by a great
military revolt here, and this, indeed, might
have happened had not 30,000 new troops
opportunely arrived from the interior.
Moreover, in maintaining their attitude of
defenas the crew of the battleship were
then hampered by their need of provisions
and coal, The tragic end of the situation
cannot now be far away.”

 

PLAN TO DETHRONE THE CZAR.

Reactionaries Said to Be Aroused by His
Proposed Reforms.

Special Cable Despaten to Tat SUN.
_Loxnon, July &.—The Vienna correspon-
dent of the Chronicle says he has excellent
authority for saying that a conspiracy
ts afoot among the Russian reactionaries
'o dethrone the Czar. They reproach the
Kmperor for his excessive weakness and
Meompetence, as shown by his projected
refa; which are calculated to under-
mine the power of the bureaucracy. They
demand a stronger ruler, who will be able

hold the reformers in check. A revolu-
Non in the palace is likely to precede a
Tevolution by the people.

The reactionaries desire as Nicholae's
fuecessor Grand Duke Alexander Michaclo-

Vitch or Grand Duke Michael Alexandro-
Vitch,

ms,

to

_|he correspondent adds that it is rumored

vy, 28:00 TO BUFFALO AND RETURN —
& Lackawanna Qallroad. Tiekets sold July

810. Fy
Way.— Ade. ther information at 429 aud 1183 Broad

ee ead anepeensaeshaarangeceaassesenDeaee

Reported— Russia's |

corres |
telegraphe |

NEW YORK,

    

take up their residence at Ilyinskoe, the
beautiful estate near Moscow of the late
Grand Duke Sergius, where the palace is
| being prepared for the reception of the
| imperial family.

ARMY'S MUTINOUS SPIRIT.

Poles and Jews of Linleviteh’s Force Sur-
render When Opportunity Occurs,
Spectat Cable Despatch to THR Sun,
Lonpon, July 8.—The Tokio correspond-
ent of the 7'elegraph quotes an officer who
has returned from Manchuria as saying
| that Gen. Linievitch's troosp were greatly
depressed by the news of the disaster to
Admiral Rojestvensky's fleet and the in-
formation concerning the peace negotia-

tions,

| that the Czar and his family are about to

 

 

The officers have become indifferent and
the men do not conceal their distaste for
their duties. All the Poles and Jews in the
army are practically mutinous. When
scouting they prefer foafing in the villages
to advancing toward the enemy's ines.
Whenever they find an opportunity they
throw up their hands and surrender, Such
| surrenders aro occurring daily.

 

FORTIFYING THE BOSPORUS.

 

Sultan Taking Advantage of Rusata’s Post-
Uon to Replace Big Guns.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sun,

Lonpon, July 8&—The Constantinople
correspondent of the Daily Mail says that
the revolt.of the crew of the Kniaz Potem-
kin has afforded the Porte an opportunity
for renewing the artillery at the entrance
to the Bosporus, to which Russia hitherto
has been strongly opposed. Big guns are
being hastily sent there.

The Sultan's deference toward Russia
has greatly diminished during the last
few days.

NEW

 

 

RUSSIAN TRIAL,

Famine Now Threatened Because of Fall-
ure of the Crops.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Stn,

Sr. PETERSBURG, July 7.—Famine is
threatened in many of the northern, central
and southern provinces, the crops having
failed owing to a drought.

ANOTHER MUTINY REPORTED.

Crew of the Catherine If. Said to Have
Joined the Revolt.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
St. PETERSBURG, July 7,.—1t is reported
| that the crew ofthe battleship Catherine 11,
of the Black Sea fleet has joined the mu-
tineers,

The crew of the battleship Catherine 11.
numbers 430 men. The ship is an old one,
as she was laid down in 1883, and is of little
fighting value. She has a tonnage of over
10,000, a speed of sixteen knots and a coal
capacity of 870 tons. She carries six 12-inch
guns and a number of quickfirers, and has
seven torpedo tubes.

 

THE CALL TO MUTINY.

Revolutionists’ Manifesto to the Crews
of the Black Sea Fleet.

Through the secret Russian Democratic
press the New York section of the Social
Democratic party received yesterday
copies of a manifesto issued to sailors of
the Black Sea fleet. The manifesto is in
reply to a speech by Captain Baronovsky
of the drill steamer Peavt, warning his crew
against listening to revolutionists, The
manifesto was circulated in the form of
leaflets among the sailors in Odessa, Sebas-
topol and other Russian seaports, and says
among other things:

“You say that you have been attending
secret meetings in the suburbs of Sebas-
topol, You are quite right. It is right
and necessary that in these gatherings
we should for a little while at least escape

 

 

 

the Czar and you, his lackeys and lick-
spittles, inflict upon us, We have no need
of you. We hate you.

“But beware! The hour {s near, when our
hands will not quiver in tightening the
noose around your necks—you, Baronoy-
sky, Choucterm, Aphonasief and others
like you. Remember that the hour of
reckoning is at hand. And it will be a
terrible hour for you.

“Comrades, do not listen to
manders. Attend the meetings,
fearlessly. Down with masters!
the republic!” +

RUSSIAN PLOT

the com-
openly,
Hail to

 

AT MANILA,

 

Men on Interned Ships Planned to Kill
Their Officers.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to TRE Sun.

Mania, duly 7.—A_ half-formed plot by
Russian sailors to kill the officera of the
cruiser Aurora, one of the Russian ships
interned here, has been discovered. Rear
Admiral Reiter has ordered the monitor
Monadnock to anchor close to the Aurora
and will remove the merchant shipping
from the neighborhood of the Russian
ships

The Ruasian officers believe they know
who the ringleaders are, but are awaiting
developments before imprisoning them.
The threatened mutiny undoubtedly would
have been fruitless, because the breech-
blocks of the guns had been removed.

However, some ammunition remains on
| board under lock and seal.

Admiral Reiter may place American
guards on board the \Russian ships, but
this is unlikely unless the disaffection
should spread.

 

Mutinous Spirit Reaches the Bosporus.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 7.>-The crew of
the Russian stationary guardship Saporo-

is reported to be mutinously inclined. °*

 

Martial Law Ends In Formosa.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

 

 

 

i

from the oppressions and outrages that |

in yesterday died eariy this morning.

Tox1o, July 7.—Martial law, which was |

proclaimed in the island of Formosa and |

in the Pescadores and Making Islands Jast
May, after the entry of Rojestvensky's
fleet into the China Sea, has been abolished

there.

 

Don't Want Witte on Peace Commission, |

Spectol Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

St.
officially stated that the Government has
declined to nominate M. Witte as a peace

|

|

shetz, lying at Boyukdere, on the Bosporus,
| plenipotentiary

DCURMINGHAM, ALA., THROUGH PULLMAN
Service: Via P. at. Ro and Seaboard Alr Line Ry.
leaves New York 12:25 poon, arrives Birmingham
j meat day 9.2 2% M, Olice 1183 Broadway.—.Ade,

| this morning. |
Pererspura, July 7.—It is semi- | cery and provision stores were destroyed.

a Reed
‘
id

SATURDAY

 
 

   

COTTON SCANDAL REPORT IN,

IT SUSTAINS CHARGES MADE BY
MR. CHEATHAM.

 

 

E. 8, Holmes, Assistant Statistician, Grows
Wealthy by Glying Out Advance Infor-
mation to New York Broker—His
Removal Will Be Announced To-day.

WASHINGTON, July 7.—The report of the
Secret Service agents on the cotton scandal
in the Department of Agriculture will be
a sensation, It will be made public to-
morrow. There is the best of authority
for the statement that the report will show

that the charges of Richard Cheat-
ham of = Atlanta secretary of the
Southern Cotton Growers’ Associa-
tion, that figures relative to cotton |

crops were not only manipulated for the
purpose of effecting the market at different
times, but that they were given out in ad-
vance by Edwin S, Holmes, associate
Statistician, who was suspended some days
ago, for use in a speculative way to the
profitof a broker in New York, and Holmes
and, probably other ersons, Holmes's
removal will be announced by Secretary
Wilson to-morrow,

The Secret Service agents followed the
operations of Holmes into devious path-
ways. They found that he had grown
immensely wealthy in a few years while
receiving a small Government salary; that
he made $72,000 on one deal; that he is build-
ing a $200,000 apartment house in Washing-
ton; that he conducts a millinery store in
New York in partnership with one Moses
Haff; that he owns real estate in cities out-
side of Washingtoa and a large farm in a
Western State.

To what extent the broker profited
by Holmes's leaks it is impossible to learn
at this time. That Holmes did a land
office business in cotton will be brought
out in strong language.

The integrity of John Hyde, statistician
of the department, was not involved inthe
charges of Mr. Cheatham, and Mr. Hyde
did not become involved as a result of the
investigation. It is understood that he
will be censured, at least by inference,
for not having detected the “leaks” or the
“juggling,” which is snid to have gone on
under his very nose for the last two years.

There is a prospect that tho division of

statistics will be reorganized as a_ result
of the disclosures. Whether this will
result in Mr. Hyde's ultimate retirement

from the department or his tranafer to
some other office has not, it s understood,
been determined. These are details, it is
said, that will come up for the consideration
of Secretary Wilson ater.

It was earned to-day that in his
early interviews with Secretary Wilson
Mr. Cheatham acquainted him with

the manner in which the cotton figures
had been juggled and that in the docu-
ments submitted to the Secretary the finger
of suspicion pointed to Holmas. Just
what the scheme was and how it was
operated have not been disclosed, but it
will be outlined in the published report.

It is impossible to learn whether others
besides Holmes will have to walk the plank,
but. itis understood he is the only official
besmirched. The authorities haye handled
the inquiry with such secrecy that the
impression got abroad recently that a
“whitewash” would be the inevitabie out-
come.

It was explained that in order to prose-
cute the inquiry successfully the utmost
secrecy had to be observed as to the manner
in which it was being conducted and as to
who wus under surveillance.

MAYOR SUSPENDED,

TIAVANA'S

 

Charged With Negligence in Administrate
Ing the City's Affairs,
Special Cuble Despatch to THR SUN,
Havana, July 7.—Gov. Nunez has sus-

pended the Mayor of Havana, on the ground |

that he has been guilty of grave negligence.
The suspension is nominally the result of
an examination {nto municipal affairs, but
his friends say the real reason is political,
Gov. Nunez having broken with the fusion-
ist party, to which the Mayor belongs. It
is generally admitted, however, that the
city’s affairs are badly managed.

Senor Bonachea has been appointed to
fill the vacancy. He is a partizan of the
Nunez branch of the Liberal party.

SHE SCREAWVED.
Wife Disregards Husband's Threats
Denth in Victoria Annex.

TOLD TO PRAY,

of

The screams of a woman coming from the |

Victoria Annex at 1144 Broadway, adjoining
the Victoria Hotel, made pedestrians stop
and wonder what was doing last night.

Policeman Bernard found Mra. Sarah
Barrett, who runs the annex, was doing
the screaming, and that the person who
eaused her to scream was her husband,
William. Barrett is a printer and, his wife
says, dislikes work.

They have not been living together, and,
according to Mrs. Barrett, when her hus-
band appeared last night he told her to get
down on her knees and pray, for he was
going to kill her. Instead of praying Mrs.
Barrett began to scream. She made a
complaint against him and he was locked
up in the Tenderloin station.

 

SMASHED RIG TO SAVE CHILD.

Young Woman Huns Into Coal Wagon to
Avold a FivesYear- Out.

While Mrs. Margaret Kirk, the
of a Union Hill contractor, was riding along
Morgan atreet in that town with her friend
Miss Margaret Harris on Thursday after-
noon a coal wagon stopped in front of the
runabont and Mrs. Kirk started to guide
ber horse to the right. Then she noticed
a five-year-old child playing in the street
directly in her course. | ;

She pulled on the left rein and deliberately
drove her horse against the coal wagon.

The wheels of the runabout were wrenched |

off and the shafts were broken. Both
women were thrown out. They were not
seriously hurt. Mrs. Kirk said she pre
ferred a collision to running over the child.

 

We Get the Turtle, but He's Dead.

New Lonpon, Conn. July 7.—The 878 pound
turtle which the schooner Libbie M. brought
Vhus

the New York Aquarium will lose a prize, |

but the body has heen sent to the Museum
of Natural History in New York.

Business Pertion of Panama, N. Y., Dee
stroyed by Fire,
JAMESTOWN, N. Y., July 7.—The busines
portion of the village of Panama was burned
Loss, $40,000. All the gro-

The village is eight miles from the nearest

settlement and there is much inconvenience |

from lack of provisions.

Insist upon having Burnett's Vanilla.—Adr.

 

 

ONLY 18 HOURS GVER ROCK BALLAST,
“The Pennsylvania Special" between New York
and Chicago, via Penosylvania Rallroad.—Adv

| stone tS
) i er

JULY &,

bride.}

a

myo

 

BARON ROSEN IN WASHINGTON,

The New Russian Ambassador Entertained
at Luncheon by Count Cassini,
WasHinaton, July 7.—Baron ' Roman
Romanovitch Rosen, the new Russian
Ambassador, arrived in Washington from
Boston thia morning by the Federal Ex-
press and went at once, unattended, to the
New Willard Hotel, where he registered:
“Baron Rosen, Magnolia, Mass,” He di-
rected that no cards be sent up to his room.
Some comment was made over the fact
that no member of the Russian Embassy
was with him. But later in the day he was
entertained at luncheon at the embassy by
Count Cassini, the retiring Ambassador,
| wie afterward accompanied Baron Rosen
in his drive back to the hotel. Baron Rosen
| will be entrusted with the duty of submitting
|to the President the letters of recall of
Count Cassini at the same time that he pre-
sents his own credentials as the new Am-
bassador.

Baron Rosen called at the State Depart-
ment this afternoon to ask Acting Secretary
Peirce to arrange a convenient date when the
new Ambassador may make his formal call
on President Roosevelt. This will probably
be arranged for some day next week at
Oyster Bay, Count Cassini leaves here Sun-
day for New York and will sail Tueaday for
Europe, All the State Department offioers
who met the new Ambassador to-day were
charmed by his engaging personality.

|
|

 

JOKE ON THE GOVERNOR.

 

Stokes of New Jersey, Without Ready
Money, Has a Tilt With a Cashier.
TRENTON, N. J., July 7.—Gov. Stokes
was temporarily embarrassed last night,
when, after inviting his physician, Dr.

Horace (. Norton, to dine with him at a

local restaurant, he discovered, on presenta-
| tion of his bill that he was out of cash.
| Dr. Norton hastened to relieve the situa-
tion, but after fumbling in his pockets
for a few moments discovered that he, too,
had no ready money. In dressing hastily
for dinner both. men forgot to make the
financial changes necessary for those who
dine in public places. Toadd tothe dilemma
there was a new man at the desk, who re-
fused to charge the account.

“Iam the Governor of New Jersey and
will settle this little matter when 1 come
in again.”

“I’m President Roosevelt, and you'll
settle now.” replied the new clerk, Jicily.

At this juncture a waiter in the estab-
lishment stepped up and identified the
Governor, adding the assurance upon his
own responsibility that he might have
anything in tha place, Apologies by the
new clerk followed, and the Governor left
laughing at what he admits to be a joke
on him.

GREEN GOODS C.

 

Oo. D.

Grove Collins Arrested for Working the

‘ Gane by Express.

trove Collins, who is said to have done

time repeatedly for fraudulent use of the
mails, was held for eXamination in $500
bail by Commissioner Ridgeway yester-
day charged with operating an up-to-date
variety of the green. goods gaine.

His meth xd, according to Chief Inspector
Maver, was to send on a real one dollar
bitl as a sample counterfeit, promising to

remit 900 just as good for $50, for which
|
|
|
|
|
|

 

he would trust the purchaser until he had
inspected the green goods, which would
be vent C. O. !).

The vittim would not be eager to open
the package in the presence of the express
agent and would put up his fifty. Collins
is said to have operated this game with
reat success.

He was caught through the postmaster

) of Sayre, Okla, who is also the express
j agent. He received a package of the
goods to hold for de‘ivery to a man in the

his postal capacity had the sender of the

company

SOMNAMBULIST IN BEAR TRAP.

 

Hastings Set ft for Deer and Caught His
Mother-ln-Law.

WATERBURY,
Hastings of Southbury last night found
her mother, Mrs. Dorothy ‘Taylor, in a
bear trap that had been set for deer which
were despoiling truck gardens. Mr. Hast-
ings set the trap Sunday. Mrs. Taylor
j is a sleep walker and wandered out
i for the first time in a year, putting her
right foot in the trap, The house dogs
set up a cry that awoke the family, and
Mr. Hastings got her out with a seriously
wounded leg,

 

DYNAMITE SCARE AT THE BRIDGE

 

Passengers Give Cop a Car to Himself
| When Word Is Mentioned,

Julius Hochfelder of 90 East Fourth
street and William Templer of 14 East
Forty-fifth street, both lawyers, noticed
the ends of three stickg of what looked like
dynamite protruding from a paper in the
Manhattan terminal of the Brooklyn Bridge
yesterday morning.

Mr. Hochfelder notified Roundsman Far-
rell, and he called several cops to the scene.

dinner pail was filled with water and the
suspicious cylinders were put in soak,
Smith then started on a Fulton street car
with his pail forthe station house in Wash-
ington street,

‘he roundsman mentioned the word
dynamite as Smith boarded the car and the
conductor wanted to put him off. This
started an argument and in two minutes,
though the car had been crowded, Smith
had it to himself,

The Bureau of Combustibles in Brooklyn
refused to say whether it was dynamite
until a more thorough examination could
be made, ‘ ‘

On the paper about the cylinders was
the name Mt. Mondinger of 67 Lynch street,
Williamaburg, but the police failed to find
any one of that name at the address.

 

 

—

Thelr Boat Sank In the Chippewa River,
Wisconsin.

CHIPPEWA FALus, Wis., July 7.—Seventy
men were sent by the Chippewa Lumber
log jam
jat the Little Falls dam on the Chippewa
| River.* Fifteen of them put out in a boat
| this mornin
| neared the lower end of the jam. Three
| men jumped and reached the logs, but the
| twelve others were thrown into the rapids.
| Whey could swim, but the current was
too etrong for them and all but one were
drowned,

One of the victims, Louis Gokey, was
| the fifth of his family to be drowned, The
| others drowned were Saul Brechett, Max
| Billard, Ole Lorn, Joe Peloguin, Andrew
| Cegnon, Oscar Boquest, Bert Larry, Byron
Fergeson, Adolph ‘Towiant and Joe Olsen.

| ELEVEN LOGGERS DROWNED,
|

‘and Boom Company to break a

 

39.00 TO BUFFALO AND RETURN,
gu Valley R. i. July 8, 0, 10. Information
M2g4 Broadway. - side,

ont

|
11
| 455,

 

next township, and having been warned in |

money apprehended through the express |

Conn., July 7.—Mrs. Sela |

After some discussion, Patrolman Smith's |

and it began to sink as they | hi

1905 .—Copuright, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publiahing Asaoctation.

 

 

RESCUERS GET AIR TO CREW OF
SUNKEN SUBMARINE.

The Farfadet, Partly Raised, Sinks Again
—Thirteen Men Abeard Alive When
Stern of Boat Showed Above Water
—At Work Now to Hring Her Up.

 

Special Cuble Despatch to THE SuN.

Paris, July 7.—The naval commandant
at Bizerta telegraphs to the Ministry of
Marine that the Farfadet, which foun-
dered yesterday at the entrance to the port
of Sidi Abdallah, Tunis, was raised at
noon, the after part appearing above the
water. The occupants were alive. Fresh
air was pumned into the boat.

A start was made to remove the vessel
slowly into shallow water, when at 12:15
o'clock the derrick on the salvage pontoon
Kebir gave way and the Farfadet sank
again, remaining, however, completely
suspended by the Kebir's ladder.

Oporations to raise the boat again are
going‘on, The steamer Audax is helping.

The full crew of the Farfadet consisted of
fourteen men and Ensign Robin, under the
command of Lieut. Rotier. Rotier and two
of the sailors managed to get off of the
submarine and reach the surface as she
sank in the water. The three men were on
deck at the time and thue were able to
save themselves, although their danger
was great owing to the suction caused by
the rapidly sinking vessel.

As he saw his vessel beginning to plunge
to the bottom, Lieut. Rotier made an at-
tempt to close the manhole and thus save
the crew from drowning. He did not suc-
ceed, however, and water rushed into the
forward compartment with tiemendous
force.

The thirteen men in the interior of the
boat were fortunately in the Stern of the
submarine and were able, it is thought,
to shut the door separating their section
from the forward compartment.

The submarine is of the very latest type
of her claes. She is propelled by electricity,
has four torpedo tubes and is 124 feet long,
with a displacement of 202 tons.

——__——_—_——— re
a

$6,000 A YEAR TO FORMER WIFE.

Howard Gibb's Large Bequest to Mme.
Mary Loutse Vernet.

The will of Howard Gibb, who died in
Paris recently, was filed for probate here
yesterday. It was executed in April, 1904,
and divides his estate among the members of
his family. His former wife he remembers
as follows:

“T give and bequeath to Mme. Mary
Louise Vernet, formerly my wife, for and
during her life, an annuity of $6,000 out of
the income of my estate. J charge this an-
nuity upon my estate, real and personal,
and it is to be paid out of the income only,
but in preference to any and all other annu-
ities an| legacies directed to be paid in this
will. It is to be in full satisfaction nnd dis-
charge of any and all claims and demands
of said Mme. Vernet againat me or my ex-
ecutors or my real or personal property,
for dower.”

To his daughter by his first wife, Mme,
Minnie Burr de Moy, Mr, Gibb left an an-
nuity of $11,800 for life. On herdeath it is
to be divided among her children.

Elizabeth Rossiter Gibb, the widow, gets
an annuity of $24,000 for life or widowhood,
together with a life interest in all the testa-
tor's personal effects, carriages, horses,
pictures, &c. Her daughters, Irene Bessie
and Edith Rossiter, are to receive annuities
of $1,500 each on their mother's death.
the event of the mother's remarriage the
personal effects revert to the testator's son,
| Howard Gibb. ‘

The residuary estate, which is said to be
large, is to be held in trust for the son,
Howard Gibb, and when he is 21 years old
he is to receive any accumulations of income
that may have accrued. Thereafter he is
to receive all the residuary income, and
should it be less than $15,000 a year the
amount necessary to make up this amount
is to be taken from the widow's annuity.
The principal of the estate will revert to the
son's children.

The executors are Kdward V. W. Rossiter
and William N. Dykman. In them is vested
| discretionary power either to leave or

withdraw the capita) invested by Mr. Gibb
in the firm of Frederick Loeser & Co.
HOWARD GIBB'S BODY HERE ON LA SAVOILR,

The steamship La Savoie, which arrived
last evening, has on board the body of
Howard Gibb of Brooklyn, who died in
Paris three weeks ago. The funeral will
be held in the Chureh of the Ascension,
Fifth avenue and Tenth street, on Tuesday
next. The store of Frederick Loeser &
Co., of which Mr. Gibb was the head, will
be closed on Monday and Tuesday.

 

U. S. EXPRESS SKYSCRAPER.
Plans Filed for 28 Story Building at Rector
Street and Trinity Place.

Plans have been filed with Building
Superintendent Hopper for the new twenty-
three story fireproof office
to be erected for the United States Express
Realty Company, of which Frank H. Platt
ia president, at the northwest corner of
Rector street and Trinity place, near the
| twenty-one story Trinity Building.

The new structure will have a frontage
of 118.7 feet on Rector street, with two wings
facing 133.9 feet on Greenwich street and
142 feet on Trinity place respectively.
It is to have a fa;ade of granite for the
first five stories and brick trimmed with
terra cotta above that. It will be equipped
with ten passenger elevators.

The cost is to be $1,600,000, according to
the estimate of the architects, Clinton &
Ruasell. The plans as filed comprise a
set of forty-two large drawings.

MAY ARRESTED.

 

CHARDES C,

Wall Street Broker Indicted tn the State
of Washingtou.

Boston, Mass., July 7.--Charles C. May,
president of the Big Bend National Bank
of Davenport, Wash., and treasurer of
ithe Palmer Mountain Gold Mining and
Tunnelling Company, was arrested here
to-day by United States Marshal Darling.
He was in New York yesterday and on
reaching Boston thé warrant was served on

 

 

m.
President May has been indicted in the
State of Waslingion on a charge of mis-
appropriating $25,000 of the funds of the
bank by loaning it to the mining company
without adequate security. he ban
went into a receiver's hands in November,
1904. May says the loans were amply
secured. Marshal Darling says May has
a broker's office at 56 Wall street New
York,

EMBEZZLERS & DISHONEST EMPLOYEES
can be Insured against by the fidelity bonds of
THE ABTNA INDEMNITY COMPANY guarante>
employers against loss, Particulars at @i
nm ot. N. ¥, Clty. Tel, 070—John.—Ades,

 

ng

we

in |

skyscraper | ,
y rer be shown, to which, he asserts, the steamer

STILL IN UNDER-SEA PRISON, | “*%4274%

 

 

|

| They were all dated June, 1002.

} a convenienee when travelling or at the desk.

SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1005. '

Partly cloudy to-day; showers to-morrow;

  

CREW REVOLTS.

 

Men ona Dominion Cruiser Decline to Sail
Under Capt. Knowlten.

Haurrax, N. 8., July 7.—The crew of the
Canadian Government cruiser Canada, now
here, say they will not go to sea with the
present commander, Capt. Knowlton, al-
leging bad treatment.

The Canada is under orders to go to the
Gulf of St. Lawrence to take off the Cana-
dian mails from the turbine steamer Vir-
ginia and land them for a test run to Mon-
treal by rail.

TO TAKE OATH IN TWO WEEKS.

-President Announces Boot's Acceptance
of Secretaryship.

OysteR Bay, N. ¥., July 7.—President
Roosevelt's announcement of Elihu Root's
acceptance of the portfolio of the Depart-
ment of State is very brief as it appears
in the following typewritten statement
issued to-day by Secretary Loeb:

“Elibu Root has accepted the tender by
the President of the Secretaryship of State.
He will take the oath of office in a couple
of weeks, but it will necessarily be some
little time before he closes up his business
affairs, He will mot go to Washington
permanently until some time in ,Septem-
ber.”

WASHINGTON, July 7.—The commission
of Elihu Root as Seoretary of State was
made out at the State Department this
morning and forwarded to Oyster Bay for
the President's signature.

SHOWS NEW

Dr. Artz Displays Zorene to English Scien-
tists and Contractors.
Special Cable Despatch to TH#® SUN.

 

 

 

LIQUIDS POWERS.

 

|
|

light southeast winds.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

4 FATALLY BURNED

—_—-——

Back Draft Catches Firemen
a, ‘In High Bollding.

———____—

(9 OTHERS ARE INJURED.

 

Whole Structure a Roaring Fur-
nace in a Few Minutes.

 

Men Penned Between Walls of Fire and
Walls of Brick -Fiames Inhaled Dore
ing Desperate Effert to Escapa-Foar

Alarms in Quick Succession Bring
Twenty Companies to Greenwich, Houde
son and Thirteenth

‘Turned

Streets Triangle

— Restaurant Into Hospital.

Four firemen were fatally burned and nine-
teen hurt and overcome by stnoke fighting
a flerce blaze Jast night at a seven story
building in the triangle formed by Creen-
wich, Hudson and Thirteenth streets.

The four that may die were trapped with
their mates of Truck 5 on the fifth floor

| by aback draft that drove a wall of flame

|

|

Lonpon, July 7.-Dr. Arte, inventor of |

zorene, a fluid which is said to preserve
metals from the effect of oxygen, to double

|
|

the density of nearly every kind of stone, ,
and to be a germicide of enormous power, |

demonstrated the fluid's powers before a
gathering of scientists and
yesterday.

Zorene is an attractive looking liquid,
of a rich raisin red, like sirup.
strongly of sulfur and india rubber. It
i harmless. The composition of it is a
secret.

It is stated that Dr. Artz stumbled upon
the solution while searching in the Acropolis
at Athens.

BRAZIL TO INCREASE ITS NAVY.

Cramp & Sous Invited to Bid for the Con-
struction of Three Battleships.

 

 

PHILADELPHIA, July 7.-The Brazilian
Government has planned to increase
ite present navy. Three first class bat-

tleships, three armored cruisers, torpedo
boats and torpedo boat destroyers,
aa well as three Holland submarine boats
are to be built, the construction running
over three terms of three years each, the
program calling for the last ship to be
finished in 1913.

The William Cramp, & Sons Ship and
Engine Building Company, it is understood,
has been invited by the Brazilian Minister
of Marine to furnish bide for the construc-
tion of the three battleships. Estimates will
be made upon the s: ecifications and sub-
mitted without delay, as the contracts will
be awarded the latter part of this month.

 

RECOVERED AFTERTHREE VEARS
Buoys From Baldwin-Zlegier Polar Ex-
pedition Blown Ashore at Iceland.

WASHINGTON, July 7. United States Min-
ister Thomas J, O'Brien at Denmark sent
to the State Department to-day three
notes recovered from buoys blown ashore
at leeland in Mareh and April, thie year,
which had been eet afloat by Mr. Baldwin
of the Baldwin-Ziegler polar expedition.

one ix as follows:

ZiEGLER, FRANZ JOSEF ISEAND,
June @, thor,
To the Nearest American Consulate
, Cargo coal required quickly, Yacht Armer-
loa east end Algeria Island, north of McClin-
tock Island. First year's work
Enormous depot established on
land by sledge, April and May.
June &, ice breaking,
ponies). Dried fish (for 150 dogs) and sledges,
Must return baffled, not beaten, early August,
All well, Fourth balloon, Buoy 47.
BALDWIy.

SHIPS COLLIDE IN THE FOG,

Camp

Rudoif ts-
Yacht afloat

 

 

Hrigantine Says the Steamer
Wouldn't Help Her.

Boston, July 7,
of the Plant Line arrived here this forenoon,
fifteen hours overdue, with a part of her
upper works stove in through collision with
the brigantine New Dominion, off the
Nova Scotia coast. The accident occurred
yesterday morning about fifty-six miles
off Sambro, in a dense fog.

A despatch from Liverpool, N. S., says
the New Dominion was towed into that
port to-day in a crippled condition.

Crippled

away and her stern badly damaged. Her
captain says he caused signals of distress to

paid no attention, but continued on her
course.

 

Boy Says He's the Train Wrecker.

CLEVELAND, July 7.—Robert Cahill, 17
years old, declared to the police to-day
that the “Lake Shore gang.” of which he
says he is a member, wrecked the Twentieth
Century Limited train at Mentor recently.
Their purpose, he declares, was to rob the
passengers. The fire was so hot, he said,

and people came #o quickly to the scene Laken

that they failed in the robbery. The po-
lice doubt the truth of Cahill's story.

 

Broke Down Fence to See a Hanging.
Sauiapury, Md., July 7.—Henry J. Handy,

| a negro, was hanged here to-day for the

murder of his wife. It waa the first execu-
tion in the county, and the people insisted
upon witnessing it. To prevent a rush
the man was hanged at 5:30 A. M. Two
hundred people who had gathered around
tore down the fence about the jail and re-
mained to the finish. They were not inter-
ered with.

.

 

 

Burst Water Main Floods Drive.

Riverside .Drive, at 137th street, was
flooded by a burst of an eighteen inch water
main last night. The torrent washed away
much of the Netge and undermined a re-
taining wall, but did no damage to privace
property. Policeman Geor, Stuhl fell
Into a hole washed out by the water and
was nearly drowned.

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss City of Columbi's,
daly 6

 

Waterman's Ideal Fonntain Pen,
The Educator's Pen, because the most reliable
writiig lustrument made, A suitable souvenir and

LE. We Vaid? 8 7F bern dway, New York.—

The first | he yelled.

siicoessful. |

Desire hay (for five |

contractors |

It smells |

| a stairway that led to Hudson street,

between them and the only available éxit,
The
others were burned or overcome a few at 4
time while handling hose inside the build-
ing or on ladders.

Flames leaped from the
roof at

750 o'clock,

corner of tha
Hudson and Thirteenth streets at
shcoting suddenly high in

tho air. An automatic alarm went in in-
stantly to kire Headquarters, Three
policemen of the Charles street station

were in Hudson street near by and saw

| tbe first flames.

 

The steamer Olivette |

|

McCreve and Roland turned in a second
alarm at once, and by the time they got
back to the building the whole top floor
was roaring. Two minutes after a tongue
of flame shot from the roof the upper part
of the big brick building was blazing high.

Deputy Chief Duane got there with
Fngine Company 18 and Truck 5. He didn't
waste ten seconds in turning in a third
and fourth alarms. That brought twenty
engine companies, two water towers and
five trucks.

Inspector Hogan hustled up in an auto-
mobile and summoned the reserves from
seven polica stations, Charles street, Mercer,
West Twentieth, Leonard, West Seventeenth,"
Macdougal and the Tenderloin. By the
time the firemen were at work in full forcs
Hogan had 100 cops busy keeping back
the crowd, guarding the street car lines
and giving aid to the firemen:

Under orders from Duane seven men
of Truck 5 ran into the Hudgon street en-
trance of thé building “with hose lines,
They got to the fifth floor, burst in a ware-
room door and were making for the sixth
when two sheets of flame shot across the
room, driven by a strong beck draft. The
intense heat had broken the windows on
the Greenwich street side, and the air car-
ried the fire straight through the building.
The men couldn't go forward,and the flames
shut them off from the stairway. They
couldn't stay, and there was nothing to
do but meke a dash through the wall of fire
at their back, '

Lieut. Ernest Kooth of the company
yelled encouragement to them, The smoke
was so thick he couldn't see a man of hia
truck. “We've got to go through it, boys,”
“Tt's do or die.”

Knoth and his men ducked their heads
and plunged through the flames. Three,
Finley, Jonson and Lenihan, fell and
were dragged out by Lieut, Knoth and
Robert Joinson, When they got to che

street their faces were black, and not a

; man of the company had more thana fw

patches of clothing left

They were carried to the Hudson Rese
taurant, across the street, at 22 Hudson
street, and ambulances and doctors from
St. Vincent's Hospital were sent for, They
found that John Finley, Robert Johnson
and Frank Lenihan were the worst injured,
They had inhaled flames and their faces and
the upper part of their bodies were
scorched, Their clothes were burned fro
their backs. They were sent to the hos-

ital and the doctors think they will die,

She |
| had her bowsprit and head gear carried

Lieut. Knoth was badly burned, but he
went pluckily back to work. The other
member of the company who was seriously

burned was Lawrence Easley. He was
sent to St. Vincent's Hospital with the
others,

A few minutes afterward the restayrant
floor was covered with injured men and
half a dozen doctors were working over
them, Neil Donahue of Engine 18, fighting

' from the top of a ladder at the sixth floor,

inhaled fames. <A tongue of fire licked out
of a window and scorched his face. He
was caught by a comrade or he would have
fallen sixty feet to the street. Donahue is
the fourth who may die, He was taken to
the New York Hospital.

Within the next hour and a half seven-
teen men were burned or overcome by
smoke. They are: John B. McManus of
Engine 18, John Mealey of Engine 1, George

| Gunther of Insurance Patrol 3, John Moore
' of Engine 8, Ralph Fanniug of Engine 3,

John Connolly of Engine 3, William Mc-
of Engine 3, Thomas Gillen of
Engine 3, Edward Maskell of Engine 28,

Maurice Spillane of Engine 26, Jame;
Adrian of Engine 26, William Irving of
Engine 19, James Burns of Engine 13,

Frank Kramer of Engine 26, Herbert Whir-
comb of Engine 26, John Hogan of Engine
@ and Fred Werner of Truck 5. None of
these is seriously hurt.

On the first floor of the building is Branch
C of the Post Office. Clerks were sorting
mail when the fire broke out. Wih the
assistance of the policemen they hustled
out the registered packages first and then

i had time to get out the rest of the mail

' and the books.

| by the Frier &«

Savannah, | ——

|

, #80 next maming.
Adr. | Mons reservations should be made carly.—Ads,

No mail matter was lost./

What caused the fire is not known, but
it is supposed to have started from an ex
plosion of chemicals in rooms occupied
Rergfleld Photo Com-
pany on the sixth floor. The two floors
below are occupied by the Dale com-
pany, electrical fixtures. The Wing Piano
Company's salrooms oceupy the fourth,

“goth Centary -i8 Hours —Chicago.
The 20th Century Limited of the New York Cen-

| tra) Lines leaves New York dally at 3:30 P. M., dug

Chicago *30 next morning. Returning, leave
Chicago via Lake Shore 2.30 2. M., due New Yors
fo secure best accommoda-.

,

SSL oe

   

ms

a

   

Ar a

eT eee

‘i
i

 

 

e
i
b
|
t4
{ 4