y

 

A

 

“VOL, LEXVI—NO. 192,

 

 

 

+NEW YORK, THURSDAY. MARCH 11.

en ee naan nO

ee

 

 

  
  
  

©

 

1909.—Copyright, 1900, dy the Sun Printing and Publishing Asaogiation,

Taoarnay, Mance 11, 1900.
Fair and colder to-day; fair to-morrow;
diminishing northwesterly winds.

’

‘

PRICE TWO GENTS.

 

 

 

 

BIG STEAMERS CRASH IN F0G

pIMOCK CUTS HORATIO HALL
HALF IN TWO,

 

Captain Keeps Her Nose in Breach and
vushes Smashed Ship Agreand—
Dimock Beached to Keep Her Up
—Passengers Step From Ship te Ship.

Boston, March 10,—While ploughing
their way through Pollock Rip slue, off
the heel of Cape Cod, about 8 o'clock .this
morning the steamer Horatio Half, bound
from Portland for New York, and the
steamer H. F. Dimock, from New York
for Boston, collided.

The Dimock cut her way into the port
side of the Hall almost to the mainmast,
about twenty feet. Her captain, John A.
Thompson, ordering full speed ahead,
kept her nose in the gap-and shoved the
wounded vessel across the slue to the
western side, where she grounded on a
aand bank and filled with water,

While the Dimock’s nose .was acting as

the wireless on the Hall was put out of
commission by the rising water in her
hold, and therefore there was no way
for the Gresham to ascertain just where
the steamer had sunk. On shore the
various wireless qtations tried to get
the same information, but amateur oper-
ators from New London began filling the
atmosphere with electric waves and there
wae such a confusion of dots and dashes
aloft that no one was able to get any news
as to the whereabouts of the Hall, so
that it was not until the Dimock landed
some people on the Orleans beach that
this beoa known. Later the Gresham
got a message from a land station and
proceeded to Pollock Rip.

The steamship Horatio Hall was built
for the Maine Steamship Company and
was launched from Roach's shipyard
at Chester, Pa., on March 23, 1898. She
‘was christened by the daughter of Capt.
Hall, Mrs. Jeannette Hall Clark of Brook -
lyn. §

The veasel is 319 feet in length, 48 feet
beam and has a depth of 19 feet 10 inches.
Her tonnage is 3,800 and she has a freight
capacity of 2,000 tons. She has triple
expansion engines, carrying 180 pounds
of steam and six boilers. Her horse-
| Power is 4,500 and her guaranteed apeed

| SHONTS'S PLAN FOR SUBWAYS |

ee.

a collision mattress the five passengers |17 knots. She reduced the time between

en board the Hall, including two women,
Miss Ruth Emstrom and Miss Gurli Em-
strom, were swung across to the deck of
the tormer, and some of the crew fol-
lowed them

After the Hall had settled to the bottom
aid her decks were about awash the re-
mainder of the people on board her,

New York and Portland to 18 hours in

good weather

There are two upper decks of state-
rooms, containing 135 in all She cost
$400,000.

* Ina thick fog on July 12, 1899, the Hora-
tio Hall, bound from New York to Port-
land, ran aground on Middle Ground
Shoal in Vineyard Sound and remained

; fast for several hours until a tug went

except Cant. H. F Jewell, First Officer to her assistance. She was uninjured
James Parker of New York, the pilot and | by that experience.

tw) seamen, lowered a lifeboat and
rowed to the Dimock,. where they were
taken aboard Capt Jewell refused to}
leave his vessei and the others decidei
to etay with him They are in no |
great canver as they have lifeboats
in plenty. The revenue cutter Gresham
is in the neigh! orhood, and only at high |
water will they be obliged to rake to the |

rigging i
The settling of the Hall upon the sand |
rank did not completé the story, for the |

Dimock in driving a wedgelike hole into
the side of the other craft had a gash
eight feet wide torn in heratarboard bow,
through which the water began to come
almost immediately. At first the pumps
handled’ the inflow withou: difficulty,
but when the Dimock tried to steam up |
along the Cape Cod beach on her way to/|
Boston a rising sea began to send a dan-
gerous volume of water into the opening.

This was about noontime and soon the
weight of the water in the compartment
began to put the craft down by the bows |
as well as to give hera list to port. There!
was danger of the steamer sinking and!
Capt. Thompson had a lifeboat swung out
on the davits, and into this he placed the
two women taken from the Hall with Mrs.

i

 

 

 

 

The Dimock was built by William Cramp
& Sons at Philadelphia in 1884 for the
Metropolitan Line. Some years ago she
ran into and sunk William K. Vander-
bilt’s steam yacht Alva during thick
weather. The yacht was anchored di-
rectly in the fairway in Pollock Rip slue
and the Dimock crashed into her and
sent her to the bottom. The Dimock
has figured in several other accidents.
She is an iron vessel, 276.9 feet long, 41.6
feet beam and 29.9 feet depth of hold.
Her net tonnage is 1,736 and gross ton-
nage 2,626.

Capt.
has been the third captain, alternating
with Capta. Grove and Crowell in com-
manding the turbine steamers Yale and
Harvard on the outside line between this
port and New York, anti while he had
charge of these vessels he never had an

accident. Curiously enough Capt. Thomp- | the

aon was for several years first pilot on the
Hall; and for a time was in command of
that vessel.

LADYSMITH FAST ON ROCKS.

Reported te Be Pounding Badly on
Fisher Island Shore.

Ngew Lonpon, March 10.—Late this

 

 

and Miss Casey of Melrose Hillside, Mass., | afternoon the Scott. Wrecking Company
passengers on the Dimock. They were | as notified by Capt. Mahony of the
wrapped in blankets and told to remain in| British bark Ladyemith that his vessel
the boat, so that if the vessel went down | had run aground in a dense fog on Middle
they" would-be saved. Orders were atso| Farms, Fishers Island, abot?”

 

TWO TRACK EXTENSIONS ONLY
ON WEST AND EAST SIDES.

This Wouldn't Add to the Local Service
and the P. 8S. Board Isn't Inclined to
Favor it—Scheme Includes Third
Tracking East Side Elevated Lines.

President Shonts of the Interborough
submitted to the Public Service Commis-
| sion yesterday the Interborough’s plans
for the $50,000,000 extensions of the present
subway. As anticipated the plans call
for an extension of the present subway
on the West Side of the city south to the
Battery and a northern extension to Har-
lem under Lexington avenue.

The Interborough company proposes
to make use of the new lines only for ex-
press trains and therefore will make them
only two track subways. Local passen-
gers will be carried only on the present
roundabout route.

It is doubtful if either the Public Service
Commission or the Board of Estimate
will agree to this plan. When the old
Rapid Transit Commission laid out ita
new routes particular care was taken to
provide local transit services on the lower
West Side and on the upper East Side and
the Public Service Commission has always
favored the carrying out of that idea.
Had the Interborough, as it was expected
it would do, presented a plan for four
track subways. so that there would be

facilities for both express and local traf-
flo, there is little doubt that the commis-

‘sion would have been willing to give its
immediate assent.

The Interborough plan calls also for
third tracking the Second and Third ave-
nue lines. This proposition has always
been opposed by the property owners
and residents along the lines, particularly
as it is proposed to double deck some sec-
tions of the roads.

Mr. Shonts in his communication to the
commission says that the new subways

Thompeon for the past two years ; Could be completed in four years and the

third tracking of the elevated roads could
be finished in eighteen months. He adds:
“In order that we may raise private

ORATION PROVED HIM SANE.

 

Jadge Ulrich's Address on Linceln Day
Secures His Freedom After 10 Years.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., March 10.—Former
City Judge John Ulrich has been re-
leased from the State Hospital in Morris
Plains after a ten years confinement.
His release was 80 quietly brought about
that no one but his relatives knew of it
until to-day.

On Lincoln's Birthday Judge Ulrich
delivered at the hospital an address on
Lincoln which so impressed the officials
at the institution that steps were taken
to let him return to his relatives
on parole. For several months past a
noticeable improvement has been going
on in his mental! condition, but it was the
Lincoln oration that hastened his release.

Judge Ulrich was committed to the
State Hospital ten years ago by his
family after a nervous and mental break-
down. Before that he was an honored
member of the New Jersey bar and stood
high in Masonio circles as well as in the
Knights of Pythias. It is believed that
his health haa been fully restored.

CLEVELAND FARM SOLD.
Estate Near Princeton Goes to a New
Yorker—Mayor McClellan's Purchase.

PRINCETON, N. J., March 10.—The farm
of ex-President Grover Cleveland, lying
about three miles from Princeton, was
sold to-day to David V. Pickers, a re-
tired merchant of New York city, who
will make extensive improvements and
use it as a country seat.

The:farm was one of the President's
most prized spots, as it comprised con-
siderable woodland, which afforded good
shooting. It was here that Richard was
taught by his father to shoot the cotton-
tail as they jumped up in front of Mr.
Cleveland’s faithful dog.

Mayor McClellan has purchased a
tract on Mercer Heights, adjoining the
estate of M. Taylor Pyne, and it is said
that he will build a residence there. The
site is in the exclusively residential sec-
tion and is situated on a high knoll over-
looking the forty miles of country between
there and the sea.

 

 

 

FIRE AT NORMAN E. MACK'S.
sy
His Fine Library fs Said to Be a Tetal
Less—Damage Abeut $50,000.
Burra.o, March 10.—Fire started in

 

COL. DUFFY SEEKS T0 RETIR

APPLICATION SENT IN BY

69TH’S COMMANDER.

Gov. Hughes Names for Licutenant-Col-
onel Lieut. Conley, Who Was Recom-
mended by Col. Duffy and Opposed
by H. H. Rogers, Jr., at the Election.

Col. Edward Duffy of the Sixty-ninth
Regiment sent an application to Major-
Gen. Roe yesterday for retirement after
having gerved in the regiment since 1867.
Col. Duffy has been thinking about re-
tiring for several months, but did not
fully make up his mind until last Monday
night, when in a talk with Major-Gen.
Roe he explained his intention of getting
out,

“Think the matter over for a few days
before you decide,” said Gen. Roe. “If
you think you cannot remain any longer
with the regiment, well then make your
application and send it to me. I will
be sorry to have you go.”

Col. Duffy did not make up his mind
until yesterday afternoon. Acoording to
regulations the Major-General will trans-
mit the application to Gov, Hughes for
approval or disapproval. It will be sev-
eral days before the Governor acts. When
the application is finally granted the regi-
ment will elect a Colonel. Col. Duffy
joined the Sixty-ninth forty-two years ago
asa private. He became Major in 1886.
In May of that year he resigned, but he
missed the regiment so much that he was
back again inside of thirty-five days. In
1898 he was made Lieutenant-Colone! and
on April 18, 1898,he became Colonel. He
was in command when the regiment
j started for Cuba, but it only got to Florida.
| In 1903 he was brevetted Brigadier-General
1

 

 

 

for long service.

| Col. Duffy took a littletrip to Albany
the other day, and yesterday Gov. Hughes
designated as Lieutenant-Colonel of the
regiment Lieut. Louis Daniel Conley of
Col. Duffy’s staff, whom the Colonel eup-
ported against H. H. Rogers, Jr., at the
recent election. There was a failure to
elect and it devolved upon the Governor

to appoint.
Lieut. Conley was notified last night

 

capital and inasmuch as it will be neces- of th ta’ s in NormanE. | by & SUN reporter of his appointment.
sary to provide for the amortization of Mack's Peele Aero Be Helataie He said that he had rather expected it, as

the entire cost of the extensions within |, venue this evening. A sixty-four mile Col. Duffy had told him that he would

be neoessary for the extensions to be
made under an operating lease for sub-
stantially the same term as that under
which the existing gubway is being oper-
ated.” } ‘

The present subway lease will run for
seventy-five years and it would therefore
expire about ten years before the termi-
nation of the lease of the new subway
if Mr. Shonta’s suggestion is adopted. it
is certain that the Public Service Commis -
sion will not consent to this proposition

because one section of the subway would

bé iisefess to the city without the other

issued by Capt. Thompson to the men pas-

rengers and seamen not to take to a boat dently badly damaged forward, as she | expiring at periods which would overlap
{giruck upon a ledge and filled rapidly. each other by about ten years would mean |
Under these trying conditions, with the She is bound from St. John, N. B., with! tbat the. Interborough Company, as one |

until he gave the word.

f o'clock
sections and to have the periods of tenure

this morning. The Ladyamith is evi-

{

and when the firemen arrived they had
hard work keeping the fire from spreading.
The roof soon fell in. The second floor
and the servants’ quarters on the third
were completely burned out. The first
fioor is damaged by water. Mr. Mack’s
fine library is said to bea total! loss. The
damage is estimated at $50,000.

Mr. Mack is now in New York and his
family in Atlantic City.

Mr. Mack was at the Hoffman House
iwhen he got a telegram about the fire.
{He sent word by telephone to Ruffalo
| that he was coming and took a train as
soon as possible.

 

JACKS IS WANTED.

!'imock in danger of plunging to the bot- |lumber and was reported yesterday at official of the Public Service Commission | es
tom any minute, Capt. Thompson crowded | Vineyard Haven going to New York,

on all steam and made for the Orleans |
beach. The craft atruck her keel into the |

ternoon and the tooting of her whistle
soon hrought lifeboats from the Orleans,
Old Harbor and Nauset stations.

iof the year for the wreckers.
The passengers on both vessels and the | call this morning took the tug Tasco to Mr. Shonts said
crey of the Horatio Hall were brought |the steamer

The Ladysmith is reported to be pound-
ing Keavily in the swell to-night.

Londen harbor.
This has been one of the busiest days

Massachusetts, Later a

She ia |

sand about half a mile south of the Orleans |fast upon the rocks on the south side of | company will build the extensions at its |
life saving station at 2:15 o'clock this af- | Fishers Island about ten miles from New | own cost except for the expenditure of |

perpetual tenancy of the subway.
Mr. Shonte repeats in his letter that his

| about $1,000,000 for the lengthening of
| the stations of the present subway.

An early “The lengthening of these platforms,” |

“ao as to permit the
{operation of six car trains on the local

ashore, the officers and crew of the Dimock summons for assistance was received | tracks and ten car traifs on the express

remaining on board to aid in wrecking

from the steamer Horatio Hall. There

tracks will increase the capacity of the

operations, which will begin as soon as} were calls from smaller local craft which | existing subway by over 25 per cent. and

the tugs Underwriter and Orion and the !

these craft having started from Boston |
late this evening. The chances are that

the Dimock will be floated again. The/don route had the closest call. She ran | described in Mr. Shonts's communication
passengers from the vessels and the sail-!upon the rocks near Eastern Point, but: if the cost of the work should be '

ors brought ashore remained in Orleans
to-night and will proceed to their destina-
lions to-morrow. |

The Horatio Hall sailed from Portland |
at 10:30 last hight, having 700 tons of |
freight on board and five passengers: Miss |
Ruth Emstrom and Miss Gurlti Emstrom
of Brooklyn, M. E. Marks of 561 Broad-
way, New York; W.S. Marie of Biddeford,
Me. and Michael Dolan of New York. It was |
raining and thick weather when the boat
left Portland, and going across the mouth
of Maasachusetts Bay the conditions did
bot improve. A thick fog prevailed as
the steamer made her way down outside
Cape Cod, and at daylight the lookoute
vere coubled and fog signals were blown
at regular intervals. The Halli had just
passed the gas buoy in Pollock Rip siue
when the whistle of another steamer was
heard. The Hall veered a little to the
westward, asthe sound of the approaching
steamer indicated that she was headed
directly for her. Then in lees time than
it takes to tell it the Dimock burat out
from the fog into full view and drove her
how deep into the side of the Hall,

Mr. Marks, who was dressing himself
in his stateroom when the steamers
‘ame together, said there was no distinct
chock from the collision, the sensation
'eing rather one of grinding than any-
‘hing ese, as the Dimock bored her way
‘hrough the hull. He ran on deck and
saw what occurred. There was shouting
and velling aboard both vessels, but the
ffamen were cool and their officers gave
orders calmly.

The steward of the Hall ran below and
fasse | up the two women passengers
“ho were lightly clad, having just
‘smbled from their berths. They were!
Vickiy passed by the sailors across to
k of the Dimock and the male |
haesengersa clambored over also Mean-
‘ime the Hall was being shoved sideways
slue, heeling to starboard
nn her hull brought up against a sand

ink. The Dimock then backed away
“od efforts were made to patch up the

sin har bow.

“hen the Hall was slowly sinking, the

*'@ss man on board her began sending

“the “CQ D” eall, which was picked

y a number of Government stations
*1@ the coast. The revenue cutter
‘veshim was in Vineyard Sound on her
‘0 the freight steamer ee

i

the ce

crose the

 

'» ashore to the westward and got

lost their bearings in adjacent

mishap. The passenger steamer Mun-
natawkei of the Fishers Island-New Lon-

later slid into deep water apparently none

|the worse for her mishap.

MASSACHUSETTS AGROUND.

New Haven Rallroad Freighter Stuck on
a Rock in Vineyard Soond.

VINEYaRD HaveEN, Mass., March 10,—
The freight steamér Maassachuseiis,
owned by the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad and bound froth
Boston for New York, grounded early
to-day near Cedar Tree Neck, Vineyard
Sound, while groping her way through
the thick fog. She struck heavily on the
rocky bottom and with the rising tide
her forward compartments and engine

 

waters, |
tig lighter Salvage reach the scene, | but all fortunately floated without serious ,

 

can be completed within ten months.’
In the existence of, the old Rapid

| Transit Commission the  Interbdérough

| Company offered to build the extensions

paid
\ for by the city. This offer was rejected.

| as Fiance of Miss Marie Ballentine.

; The County Medical Society has ob-
tained a summons frora Magistrate Harris,
returnable in the West Side court to-day,
demanding that R. B. Jacks, address un-
‘known, explain why he has practised
medicine when apparently he has no
license.

Jacyues Bustanoby, one of the pro-
| prietors of the Café des Beaux Arts, says
| Jacks was introduced to him some time
j ago as the fiancé of Miss Marie Ballentine,
i daughter of Charles Ballentine, who lives
at the Webster Hotel.
| Presently Mr. Bustanoby called Mr.
Ballentine on the telephone and learned,
he said, that Miss Ballentine was not en-
| gaged to any one. Then Mr. Bustanoby
! saw Dr. Peter J. Gibbons of 49 Park ave-

{

period of the operating lease it will), hour gale was blowing at the time|Tecommend him to the Governor. A

campaign for the Lieutenant-Colonelcy
has been on since December 26 last.
There were three candidates, Lieut. Con-
ley, who was battalion adjutant on Col.
Duffy's staff; Major Philp J. Reville and
Lieut. H. H. Rogers, Jr., who was battal-
ion adjutant of the Twenty-second Regi-
ment, serving on the First Brigade staff.
No choice was made at that election. At
the second attempt, on February 23,
Lieut. Conley recejved thirteen votes,
Lieut. Rogers twelve and Major Reville
only one. Fourteen votes were, neceasary
for election.

Under the regulations if two elections
tare held without a choice it becomes the
‘right of the Governor of the State to

make the appointment. ,

Lieut. Conley left the Ninth Regiment

;construed it yesterday, would have a’ qcnarged That He Posed as a Doctor and|two years ago to enlist with the Sixty-

| ninth and served for a while as regi-
} mental inspector of small arms practice
tand later as battalion adjutant on the
iColonel’a staff. He is a son-in-law of
Gaorge Ehret, the brewer, and is engaged
in the manufacture of tinfoil in the Conley
Tinfoil Company, with offices at 521 West
Twenty-fifth street.

' ALBANY, March 10.—Adjutant-General
Henry announces that the appointment
| was made on the recommendation of
' Major-Gen. Charles F.Roe. Special orders
were issued that the commanding officer

{

'
'
t

{of the guard direct the necessary exami- | to the conductor that some one had stolen
It | two umbrellas, a raincoat and a package

‘mation of Conley fcr his commission.
is stated in military oircles that, Lieut.
Rogers was not eligible to appointment to

| the place he coveted because he had not

| served two years continuously

Mr Shonts’s proposition merely relates) nue and told him that Jacks was using, regiment or for six years in the National

jto the routes and does not go into such
the new lines. These are matters which
| will have to be determined by the com-
mission, but the opinion was expressed

 

last night by some of those who had |

;etudied the new plans that it might be
possible to make a sort of combination
of express and local service on the ex-
| tensions by putting the stations nearer
together than the express atations of the
present subway

HONDURAS NERVOUS.

‘his house address and telephone number.

details as to the location of stations on | Dr. Gibbons said Jacks had been in his:

jemploy at one time, but that was long
! ago. Then Mr. Bustanoby requested
| Jacks to leave.

During the early period of smiling
, tolerance at the Café des Beaux Arts,
;it is alleged, Jacks got a friend to intro-
| duce him to various persons as a physi-
}cian. One of the patients for whom he
| prescribed was the wife of Gilbert Fitz-
Gerald, an actor, of 2346 West Forty-third
'street. Her prescriptions are now posses-
sions of the County Medica! Society. They

room were filled. The weather was calm | Davila Government Seems to Expect a | are for harmless powder.’

and the sea smooth and she isin no danger
of going to pieces, There is twenty-five

Revolt at Celba and Makes Ready.

MosiLeE, March 10.—There is some

Eventually the friend who had intro- ;

jduced Jacks as a physician discovered

feet of water under the vessel's sternand | reason to think that President Davila’s | ‘oat he had been imposed upon. He went

probably she will be hauled off.

The Massachusetts carried a general| face with another revolution.

administration in Honduras is face to
Passen-

cargo of freight and no passengers. | gers arriving here to-day state that the

She is a new boat and one of the three
placed on the recently established freight
line of the New Haven road between
Boston and New York. She is com-
manded by Capt. James Barrett of New
York.

As goon as the vessel went on the rocks
she notified the officials at Newport and
New York by her wirelees telegraph
through the Point Judith station. As-
sistance was also asked from the revenue
outter service, and the cutter Acushnet,
stationed at Wood's Hole, went to her
assistance,

SENATOR BAILEY CALLSON TAFT

The First Timo He Had Been in the Presi.
dent’s Office in Seven Years.

WasHinoTon, March 10.—Several Sena-
tors and Representatives who did not
visit the White House during the later
years of the Roosevelt Administration
have been among the visitors to President
Taft's office during the last few days.
Among them was Senator Bailey of Texas,
who called on Mr. Taft to pay his reapect
and to wish the new
in his administration. This was Mr.
Bailey’s first visit to the President's office
in seven years and a half, and he said that
this was the second time he

 

the White House was remodelled early

the Roosevelt Administration.
| honaene Perkins of California, who did

not call on Mr. Roosevelt

| garrison at Ceiba, the hotbed of the at-

had been in |
the office building which was erected when |

during the j

tempted insurrection last summer, has
been doubled and that strong breast-

works have been thrown up above in |

uartel. There are more than two hun-
dred men eee and equipped sta-
tioned at Ceiba. and their numbers are
constantly increased by recruits brought |
from the interior. Bags filled with earth
are being piled high all about the head-
quarters, as if in anticipation of an attack.

So far as the local Honduran consulate
knows, conditions in Honduras are peace-
ful and if any movement has been or-
ganisest against the Government it has

gen conducted very,quietly. Natives of
Ceiba engaged in loading the steamship
Viator there told passengers on the ves-
sel, however, that revolutionary activi-
ties were expected in the interior, but to
just what extent or who is behind the
Movement no one apparently knew,

Dr. Timoteo Miralda, formerly collector
of the port of Ceiba. who was one of the
prime movers in the trouble of last sura-
mer which reaulted in a victory for Davila,
ia atill in New Orleans.

Beveridge to Undergo Operation. .
BauTimorn£, March 10.—Preparations

President dices cg to-day at Johns Hopkins
J

Hospital for the reception of

Senator Albert J. Beveridge, who is ex-

pected to-morrow from Washington. The

nature of his trouble is not stated. The

gperation will be performed by Dr, J, M.
. Finney.

J.T. Harahan. and Wife in Wreck.
San Francisco, March 10.—Two South-

latter part of his term and who was de-j|ern Pacific trains collided near Suisun

as did other stations; | nounced by the President for his failure to-day, doin

Message much damage. The private

' Hall in eollision with H. F,/¢o vote for four tities ig Petey of | car of President J. T. Harahan of the

| at 7 A. M. Ship cut below water- ee ie C thie moruite » Called on! Tilinois Central was attached to one
on the bottom, send seelatance fc train. The trucks of the car were torn

i (“‘reaham at once changd her
© \se to the eastward, but by this time

ND

WHERE TO TAKE LUNCH ;
And drink the Highest Types of American Wines.
a. cpewey & Sons Co., Fulton St., New York.
A

 

 

out and Mrs. Harahan was thrown from
her seat and suffered severely from shock.
mt Harahan was in another car

and escaped injury.

 

‘to the attorneys of the County Medical
| Society, Whitman & Vandiver. Floyd H.
Wilmot of that office found that Jacks
was not registered in the County Clerk's
office.

The man entrusted with the serving of
the summons had not found Jacks up to
last night.

WANTS NO TARIFF REVISION.!

Senator Scatt Can Think of No Duties
That Ought to Be Lower.

WHEELING, W. Va., March 10.—Senator
Nathan Bay Scott arrived home this morn-
ing from Washington. He expressed
himself as opposed to any change in the
tariff that will affect any of the products
of West Virginia.’ “And there is scarcely
anything,” he added “on which the tariff
can be revised that will not hurt West
Virginia. It will be the workingmen who
will feel the effects of a reduction in the
tariff, fora reduction will simply mean a
cut in wages.

“Il was opposed to putting the tariff
revision plank into the platform last
summer, and during the session of the
Legislature in Charleston I stated that I
would oppose any change unless I was in-
structed by the Legislature by the passage
of a joint resolution recommending such
achange. I explained to the Legislature
that I was opposed to removing or lower-
ing the tariff on steel, glass, coal, wool,
apples or any of the other products of the
State.”

Farmer Pope’s Strange Death.

Dover, N. J., March 10.—Thomas Pope,
79 years old, a farmer, waa found dead
this morning hanging by his feet from a
window of his house, It is believed that
while he was raising the lower sash he
lost his balance and fell unti! the descend-
ing sash caught him.

| Guard.

' OHIO JUDGE INDICTED.

, Perjury and Kmbezziement Charged in
| Insurance Company Case.

| ‘TouKpo, Ohio, March 10.—Michael Don-
{nelly of Napoleon, Judge of the Third
| Judicial Circuit Court and president of
;the Ohio German Fire Insurance Com-
| Pany, was indicted by the Lucas county
| Grand Jury here to-day ontwo charges of
! perjury, two of embezzlement and one
jof embezzlement and obtaining money
under false pretences.
| The indictmehts were the outcome of an
investigation of the Ohio German Fire In-
surance Company, which State Insur-
ance Commissioner C. C. Lemert recently
ousted from this State.

The perjury charges are based on re-
} ports sent by the ipsurance company to
the State Insurance Department.
| The embezzlement charge specifies that
he applied funds of the company to pay-
ing interest on personal loans.

1\LED A CHILD INTO THIEVERY.

Pickpocket and His Teacher Caught Split.
ing a Stelen Purse.

Two Central Office detectives saw a
man lead a boy into a crowd at Orchard
and Delancey streets yesterday after-

oon. The man blocked a woman's
pate while the child pulled her purse
rom the waist lining of her dress and
got way without her noticing the loss.
The two walked to Allen atreet, with the
trackers close behind. There they divided
the nine cents that had been in the Purse,
the boy getting a nicke!. They were
arrested and proved to be Joseph Rosen-
berg, 21 years old, of 167 Suffolk street,
and Sam Finkelman, 12, of 787 H
street. In Easex Market court Finkel.
man eaid the man had taught him to
stea! and that he had picked pockets
unger unsa cee for oe last w while

s¢ mother 6) @ was atten
Puig seo ve tote one
elman was sent the wdrkh
| for six months on @ charge of disorderly
conduct. The boy will be in the Children’s
court to-day. ¢ i

 

 

 

BOUND TO PESTER MRS. TAFT. | vention of the evil one.
Indiana W. ©. T. U. Women Forcing the |

Wine in the White House Issue.

INDIANAPOLIS,” Maroh 10.—A canvass | Westions to the Ministers are expected.

is in progress among members of the
Women’s Chrietian Temperance Union
throughout'the State to secure unity in
representin

 

in the | the train and made a search for the miss-

|Mra. Austin’s package, raincoat and one

to the wife of President!

Taft the evils that may come from serving

wine on the table

Letters have been written to leading
club women in the State asking that they
join in a friendly protest,

 

aaa

a

ig ne.

FLY ACROSS THE ATLANTIC!

 

Zeppelin Sald to Purpose Doing It in
July Over Columbus's Course.
Spectag Cable Despatch to Tum Scx.

BERLIN, March 10.—According to a
telegram from Zurich Joseph Brucker, an
Austro-American journalist, has arranged
with Count Zeppelin for an airship flight
across the Atlantic.

The story is that the start is to be made
from Cadiz on July 25, with the West
Indies as the destination of the trip.

The Count is said to intend to follow the
course of Columbus's first voyage of dis-
covery.

TAFT IN THE “BILL CLUB.”

Missouri Organization Makes Him a

Member Under Suspended Rules.

EXcELsion Springs, Mo., March 10.—
President William Howard Taft is now
a full fledged “Bill” by this resolution
passed by the “Bill Club No. 1 of the
World”:

“Resolved by Bill Club No. 1 of the
World the rules of our club be suspended
and that the Hon. Bill Taft be and is hereby
elected a member of this club, and it is
further ordered that a oard be issued
to the said Hon. Bill Taft and that
the same be signed by our president and
attested by our secretary and the Bill
seal affixed and that said card and a
copy of this resolution be forwarded to
the Hon. Bill Taft.”

The resolution, handsomely printed
and encased in a frame, was sent this
morning to Senator Warner, who will
present it to President Taft.

SERVIA SURRENDERS.

Issues Note Demanding Nothing, but Be-
lying on the Powers.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tag Sux.

VIENNA, March 10.—Servia's expected
note eubmitting her cause to the Powers
and declaring her reliance on them with-
out demanding any compensution, terri-
torial, political or economic, from Austria
was received here late to-night and issued
through an official agency.

It has also been sent to the other Powers
and issued in Belgrade, where itis excit-
edly discussed. 3

It was issued too late here to give any
indication of its ultimate reception by the
public, but it is anticipated that it will
allay uneasiness.

Education Board Afraid Short Sessions
Would Drive Children to the Street.

The Board of Education discussed at ita
meeting yesterday the proposition of
shortening the school day from five hours
to three and one-half hours and having
two sessions with different pupils in one
day.

“Why should we shorten the school day
and turn the children out into the streets
for so large a part of the day? It would
be a crime to drive thousands of children
into evil,” said Abraham Stern. ;

The meeting took that view of the mat-
ter and voted down the proposition. Mr,
Lazansky of Brooklyn then introduced a
resolution that one school in each borough
be selected to try the experiment of hav-
ing two three and a half hour sessions
for different pupils. This also was voted
down.

‘UMBRELLA IN HIS TROUSERS.

The Feat of a Thief Who Was Caught in
Rallroad Train.

MIDDLETOWN, N. Y., March 10.—A
stolen umbrella concealed in his trousers
and which interfered with his walk led
to the arrest of William Miles on an On-
tario and Western train late last night.
When the train reached Cornwall Mrs.
Minerva Austin of 220 West Twenty-
fourth street, New York city, reported

of wearing apparel she had left in the
seat for a moment.
Railroad Detective Robertson was on

ing articles, but did not find them. At
the next station the detective watched
the passengers alighting and saw a young
man walking stiff legged and carrying a
package. He found that the man had

umbrella, The other umbrella was found |
concealed in his trousers. He pleaded
guilty to petit larceny to-day and was
sent to the county jail for three months.
He said that hie home was in Jersey City.

 

SULLY MUST PAY BACK

Mrs. Savage's Cotton Money, Which He
Put Into Soap.

Mrs. Grace W. ‘Savage of 151 West
119th street, who sued Daniel J. Sully to
recover $15,000 which she entrusted Sully
to invest in cotton speculations, got a
decree yesterday from Justice O’Gorman
in the Supreme Court for a judgment
in her favor for the full amount with in-
terest since May, 1906. It was proved
that Sully instead of investing Mrs, Sav-
age’s money in cotton dropped it in a
soap corporation he promoted, which
soon went up. Justice O'Gorman re-
marks curtly that:

“From the beginning of the transaction
the defendant acted in absolute dis-
regard of his duty to the plaintiff.”

KING’S COLORED DRESS COAT.

Sweden's Press and Parilament Excited
Over the Innovation. |

Spectal Cabla Despatch to-TAR Sux, |
Lonpon, March

 

 

similar coats, while the ladies of the court
had their hair powdered.

This “unheard of gorgeousness” called
forth protests from the press, one news-
paper saying that the wearing of colored
dress coats made an unpleasant impres-
sion upon the well to do classes. Dress

| coats, if worn at all, ought at least to be

black, Colored dress coats are the in-

Both leaders in Parliament, the pa

ir
anaemic untcbe‘by, the Rlag| ter Ping handout ofa furiaed
He_had been found in the bathroom
said that he had found the atreet .
open and was looking for a friend,
told several other stories.
monds, appeared to be sober and had a
bruise under his eye.
puzzled by the case, but cha:
unlawful entry and took h

donning such a gorgeous garment an

Frederick W. Seward Sertously in.

PeEKSSILL, March 10.—Frederick W.
Seward, son of the late Secretary of State

Seward, is seriously il! of senile bronchitis
at his home on Verplanck’s Point, near

this city. His brother, Gen. William |

Seward of Auburn, was called to his bed-
side to-

REFUSE TO CUT SCHOOL Hours. |

eS

floor. Schwartz & Alper’s factory was
10.—According to | burned out. The damage was estimated
mailed reports from Sweden the people | at $47,000. Lebensky & Bergstein, suit
there are gravely agitated because King | Manufacturers on the third floor, and
Gustav wore a colored dress coat at a | Scheuer & Co., dealers in Japanese goods
ball that he recently gave at the castle | on the second floor, suffered from water.
| in Stockholm. The courtiers all wore
a match dropped on the floor and accis
dently stepped upon.

 

 

that Charles W. Ferris was th
the manager. y

GIRLS JUMP FROM FLAMES

TWO BADLY HURT AT A BROAD-
WAY FIRE.

Teo Scared to Heed the Cries of “Don’t
& Jump!” er See the Approaching Lad-
ders—-Three Others Burned—Reecucs
That Make a Crowd Gasp and Cheer.

Folks on Broadway saw things that made
them gasp and cheer alternately in the
course of a half hour fire in a shirtwaist fao-
tory at the Broome street corner yeater-
day afternoon. Two young women who
jumped fifty feet from windows to the
sidewalk were badly hurt. Three others
were burned while attempting to escape
through flames, and firemen made speo-
tacular rescues of two who were caught

ip such positiona that it was impossible ,

for them to get down except by way of a
soaling ladder to an extension ladder that
did not quite reach to the window where
they stood screaming.
Tillie Sirkin, who lives at 415 New Jersey _
avenue, East New York, and Clara Lipman °
of 338 East 100th street were the girls who
jumped from the fourth floor to the
street.
and she was taken to St. Vinoent’s Hos-
pital. '

cries of the crowd in the street or wait

for the ladder that the firemen were trying '

to raise.

Tillie Sirkin, who jumped from the
window on the Broadway side of the

building, whose number is 489 Broadway,
struck the corner of a big sign in her
descent and her skirt caught. It was
ripped from her waist and remained hang-
ing to the sign. In that way her fall was

broken somewhat. She then tumbled to °

an awning over a cigar store and from

there into the arms of Policeman Percy |

Hall of the traffic squad. She came down
so hard that Hall was unable to hold her

and she slipped to the sidewalk. She was

sent to the Hudson street hospital, where’.

last night it was said that she was getting .

along fairly well.

Clara Lipman jumped from the Bleecker
street side. Four men tried to ease her.
fall by the use of a net, but the girl hit the
pavement before the net could be got
in position.

At the same time at another window
on the Broome street side stood two girls.
One was Annie Dobkin, who lives at 24
Albion avenue, Brooklyn. The other
left the scene without waiting to. give
her name. They were hysterical with
fright and seemed about to jump.

The Dobkin girl was standing on the
window ledge holding on to the sash and
leaning as far out as she could

the fire was eating its way toward the

window. “Don't jump!” cried firemen
and hundreds in the street below. Truck
20 pulled up in Bleecker street and ran up
ites extension ladder. Jack McManus,
one of the crew, was on the bottom rung
of the ladder before the truck had stopped
and by the time the ladder had begun
to be raised he was half way up. ;
When he got to the top of the Jadder
it was just going against the side of the

building at the fourth floor. But the gifts.

were in a window on the fifth floor, twelve
feet above him. He bridged the distance
with a scaling ladder that he had taken
up with him, got the girl about the waist
and carried her down to the extension
ladder. The rest was easy froma fire-
man's point of view.

The other girl was brought down by
George Clifford of Engine 55 assisted
by Joseph Flannery, Michael Shea and
Lieut. Ferguson of the same company,
Neither girl was injured. They were

employees of the Empire Petticoat Come

pany on the top floor and had been cut

off from escape by the stairway.

Sarein Roth of 400 Lexington avenue,
who is the forewoman in Schwartz &
Alper’s shirtwaist factory on. the fourth

floor; Jennie Delavano of 43 Spring street,
an operative, and Celie Kosloff of 209
Clinton street were badly burned.

Sarein Roth was among the first to see

the fire, which seemed to have started in
a corner. of the Schwartz & Alper cutting
room in a pile of rage.
forty-six other girls at work to keep their
seats at their tables.

She called to the

Instead of obeying
most of them made a dash for the door

leading to the elevator and the stairway.
They ran down the stairs screaming, but
Sarein Roth stayed in the work room,
and with her stayed Jennie Delavano,
Celie Kosloff, Tillie Sirkin and Clara
Lipman. .

Celie Kosloff got to a window on the
Broadway side and waa helped over two

ledges and into the office of Rice & Waller-
stein on the third floor of the building at
491 Broadway by Harry Staab, the firm’s
bookkeeper.
about the face.

She was burned slightly |

The forewoman and Jennie Delavano

were not so lucky. When they saw that
really there was a fire they started to the
main stairway and there they met the
flames. They went right through them  .
and when they got down atairs found | -
that their hair and eyebrows were singed —
and that otherwise they were so badly
burned that they had to go to St. Vincent's
Hospital.

The fire was confined to the fourth

 

It is supposed that the fire statted from.

LOOKING FOR A FRIEND,

Man Who Says He Is Ferris of the Gotham

Held for Uniawful Entry.

A man who said he was Charles W.. _
Ferris, manager of the Hotel Gotham, was
arrested at Twenty-sixth street and Mad-

}igon avenue last night about 11 o’olook

He wore dia-

The police wére
ed him with
to Head-
It was said at the Hotel Gotham
e name of

uarters.

Clara Lipman’s back was broken | |

Tillie Sirkin’s left leg was broken ©
between the knee and hip. They were so .
excited that they would not listen to the |

 

 

wa

 

 

 

   
 
  
   
    
   
    
  
  
  

   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
    
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
 
   
 

 

ie,

aa