VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 295,

Che

NEW YORK.

 
 

 

THIRTEEN PERISH IN FIRE,

INJURED-—EXPLODING \WIRE-
WRECK BIG TENEMENT.

 

waAyy
works

 

gothers and Children Burned to Death in Their
nooms—Nearly @ Whole Family Perishes
While at Dinner-Flames Reach Cripple
in Bed--His Wife Rashes Out Blazing
and Drops Dead-Eight Bodies Found.

Parurson, N. J., June 21.—The explosion
of a large quantity of flreworks and powder
in the store of A. M. Rittenburg at 440 Main
street, to-day, wrecked the three-story
teremient honse in which the store was
Three persons were killed

gliuated

outright eight bodies have been
recover’d from the ruins, three more
are sill missing and many are
injured, The known dead are: Charles

Willians and Mrs. Williams, who lived on
the floor over the store; Mrs, William
Adamson, who lived on the same floor;
four members of the Fentimen family, con-
sisting of Mrs, Fentimen, her daughter, Mrs.
Elvin, the latter's baby and Miss Lannigan,
who were fcund together lying around the

table where they had been eating;
a child of Rittenburg; another child
that has not been identified; Clar-

en e Elsasson, 7 months old; a detached
head, Which may be that of Mrs. Zimmen,
Mrs. Bamber or Mrs, Burke, who are un-
eecounted for, The patients at the hos-
pital are all doing well.

rhe explosion blew out the entire front
cf the store with terrific force. The noise

could be heard in all parts of the city. The
debris was blown across the street and a
suall boy who was in front of the building
was carried across with it. Many ple
near the stere were thrown down. Others
\ving in the vicinity who were at dinner
at the time were hurled from their seats
to the floor. Windows in houses a block
distant were blown out. A second ex-
plogion followed almost immediately after
the first, but was not so violent.

Fire started in several! parts of the build-
ing almost at the same time and a panic
ensued, Mra, Willlams, who lived on the
second floor over the Rittenburg store,
rushed into the yard in flames. Several
residenta of Marshall street in the rear of
Main street ran to her assistance, but she
dropped dead. Charles Williams, her
husband, who i8 a cripple, was found dead
in bed after the firs was extinguished.

It is said that Mrs. Williams could have
escaped but for her attachment for her
bed-ridden husband. Williams has been
a cripple for over three years, and lately
has been confined to his bed. His wife
remained at his bedside after the ex-
nlosion until she was driven away by the
lames and sinoke,

Mrs. Wiliam Adamson jumped from a
second-story window and was killed.

The fire gained headway so rapidly that
the firemen could do little to save the
luilding, and they gave their first atten-
tion to the work of rescue and to prevent-
“ the spread of the flames tothe publio
school, which is next door,

The front of the first floor fell out intothe
street and caught three firemen, but only
cone was disabled. Edward Slingland was
buried under the débris.

The firemen dug him out unconscious, but
he soon revived and was taken to the hos-
pital In balf an hour the flames were
under control.

The charred remalri® of two children
could be discerned in the cellar but the
firemen could not get at them. After the
débria cooled off the firemen began to dig
for the buried bedies

On the third floor lived Michael McGlone

ant his wife. ‘They were thrown to the
floor by the explosion and their escape
wis cut of by the flames McGlone
assisted his wife out on the win-

dow sill and was about to jump with her
when the crowd eried to him to wait while
one of the fire crew spread a net, MeGlone
held his wife in that perilous position for
several minutes. Finally the net was spread,
Mrs, MeGlone and hef husband then jumped
and were caught safely,

It is feared that the mother of the Elsas-
n Laby will lose hey mind. She has been
ndering around the ruins all evening
ng and wringing her hands

  

Mrs. Rittent urg says that she was stand-
yin the room behind the store with ber
nghter Mamie, 3 years old, when the
Xplosion oceurred. Her one-year-old
yY Harold was asleep in a room further
in the rear Her mother wae in thestore
\ RittenLburg only knew that she was

thoown to the floor and when she recovered
cjousness she crawled out through

ir rear
James Jannigan, 12 years old, lived on
‘he third floor with Mrs, Fentimen, He says

 

it Mrs. Fentimen, Mrs. Elvin = and
ber baby, his) sister Annie Lannigan
‘vl himself were sitting at the dinner
le when the explosion eecurred, He
‘he floor heave under him and
el in the cellar almost covered
‘bris, He jay there for a while
i noticed a hole through which
wis pouring. He crawled out into
opea alr through this hole, All the

Ss at the table perished
John Phajon, {5 years old, was in the

f the building at the time of the ex-

lon and was knupcked unconscious
118 Healy of Stater street was stand-
hoon the corner of Slater and Vain atreets

 
 
  

won the explosion occurred. He rushed
» the building to help the panic-stricken
ple’ AS he ran upstains the second
explosion occurred and there was an up-

heaval of the stairs, but Healy kept on,
Keaching the seeond floor he entered a

ng room and found several persons
wing on the floor stunned and bleeding
Healy carried a woman downstairs, then
rished back and helped to carry others

niy Phrsician MeBride went to the
eoo this evening and will order an in-
«| Tle thinks that Rittenburg ninet
had a larger quantity of powder in
tre than is allowed by Se The
Vhesician is also President of the
ird of Health in this city and he says
have the health authorities make
Stigation tittenburg was out with
ry wagon in Passaic when the acci-
ht hoppened and he did not know of it
the afternoon. He cannot
"he explosion
‘st re of the burned buildings were
nied by

it n

( the following: 428, Charles
‘ecinni4, barber shop, and his brother
i, a plumber: 440, Rittenburg: 442,

mn, biker, 444, Pollara, fruit dealer,

* houses were so built that above the
~ one family occupied a front and
hernrear flat. It was not posaible to
~ alistofthe t jnred. They were taken
‘ie hospital and are reported to be doing

‘

JOAQUIN MILLER OIL MAGNATE?

Ol! Is Said to He Gushing All Aroand the Poet's
Farm in Texas,

Svs Frasectseo, Cal, June 21--Joaquin

lier ta likely to become an ofl magnate

th ext few months A few years

‘turing in Texas, the poet made

of money, and invested it in a
. 700 seres

let the land alone and is now told that

seen found on all sides of bis property

t is tract of700 ncres is supposed to be

t part of the ofl belt

 

hile
wood deal

'ong Island Real Fatate to Increase Millions.

tie most important news articles for Brook
cag Leland ever printed will be the o@elally
syintoof the vaet undegtakings, cos!
tons, Now actually unler way, that
+< Leoowlyn the inost important of the greater
* Worll ‘This news will be printed In the
ide, ine D), and in ao other paper, --Ade

 

r revening train for the Adirondack Mountains
Lpow levees Grend Central Station at
trod of 7.40 os formerly. ‘Tuere ie @ dining

to Waln.—Ads

Se

 

 

STATION NEAR BROADWAY.

ee

Plans ef the Long Island Extension Com
Dany —Site Satd to Have Been Purchased.
By means of the proposed bridge over

the North River and a tunnel under the

East River, the Pennsylvania Railroad

and the Long Island Railroad, which it

has recently acquired, will have direct
and close connections on Manhattan

Island and in the heart of the Tenderloin,

The Long Island Extension Railroad Com-

pany, which ia to build the tunnel under the

East River, was organized yesterday after-

noon at the office of the Long Island Rail-

road Company.

The maps and profiles of the route were
approved and sent to the County Clerk's
office for filing. The maps show the route
as beginning on the right of way and
property of the Long Island Railroad, at
Long Island City, and extending via the
tunnel under the East River and through
East and West Thirty-third street to Seventh
avenue, It is understood that property
for a central passenger station has been
purchased in Thirty-third street, near Broad-
way.

Samuel Rea of the Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company was elected President and
F. E. Hoff, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr.
Reg is also interested in the company which

is to build the North River bridge efor
eneral persenger train service from Ho-

ken to Manhattan, with the terminus
in this city somewhere near Sixth avenue
and very near the site now selected for
the terminus of the Long Island Extension
Railroad.

The capital of the Long Island Extension
Railroad Company, which was incorporated
in Albany last Tuesday, is $1,000,000. The
Board of Directors includes President
William H. Baldwin, Jr., of the Long Island
Railroad Company, President Dumont of
the American Exchange National Bank
and seven members of the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company.

President Baldwin said yesterday that
as soon as practicable the new company
would make application for the necessary
rights and municipal consent to the con-
struction of the line,

 

HAY ASKED TO CALL OFF RUSSIA.

Savannah Merchants Aroused Over Discrim-
inating Duties Imposed Upon Their Products.

Savannaw, Ga., June 21.—The Savannah
Board of Trade as a body and the naval
stores factors as individuals crowded the
wires to-day with messages to John Hay,
Secretary of State, asking him that he use his
influence to ca]l off the tariff on rosin and other
products of the South Atlantic States that
Russia has placed on them. Russela is one
of the best rosin customers of the United
States and to lose its trade would mean
heavy financial lose to the naval stores
market, »France, with its limited supply
of rosin, might give Russia some aid along
this line and as French rosins are admitted
free, the American product is discriminated
against

The Savannah naval stores factors and
exporters decided upon concerted action
and this morning every individual or firm
interested in the business sent telegrams
to Seoretary Hay asking for relief. The
telegrame were sent early 80 as to catch the
Secretary before the meeting of the Cabinet.

There was a special meeting of the directors
of the Board of Trade, at which the situation
was discussed. The meeting concluded with
the drawing up of the following message
to Mr. Hay at noon:

“Savanna Board of Trade prays that
you will throw weight of your influence in
meeting of Cabinet to-day in favor of
measures that will relleve products of South
Atlantie and Guif States from onerous im-
position of Russia Government on a@ccount
of dispute over sugar importations.*

TO SETTLE TARIFF TROUBLES.

 

Tribunals Will Arrange the Rassian Affair,
Says Ambassador Tower,

Spectal Cable Despateh to THE SUN.

Paris, June 21, — Charlemagne Tower,
the American Ambassador at St. Peters-
burg, has arrived here and attended the
reception of Gen. Porter, the American Am-
bassador to France, this evening

To-morrow Mr. Tower will go to Touraine,
where he will leave his wife and children
before returning to St. Petersburg

The correspondent of Tar Son asked Mr
Tower about the Kussian question ‘The
Ambassador said he did not wish to discuss
delicate matters. He was able to say, how-
ever, that competent tribunals would at
the proper tinse reguiné® the pending com-
mercial questions between Russia and the
United States without any friction. The
political relations of the two countries were
never better. Americans, Mr. Tower said
were beginning. to realize the vast flelds of
commercial exploitation possessed by Russia,
and keen American prospectors were every-
where examining the possibilities of the coun-
try, especially along the line of the Trans-
Siberian Railway

Panis June 22-—A_ despatch from 8t.
Petersburg says the statement of Secretar
ot the Treasury Gawoe in regard to the tari
disputes between the — United States and
Russie is a enuse of rejoleing to the Germans
at the Russian eapisy They ar@ delighted
to see that the United States are onee in the
Way of making a business mistake, which
will give them (the Germans) a golden oppor-
tunity.

BOUGHT BY GENERAL ELECTRIC.

 

American Company Acquires Control of British
Thonson-Houston Company.
Srectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonpon, June 22.—The General Electric
Company, of which J. Pierpont Morgan
is a director and large stockholder, has ac-
quired a controlling interest In the British
Thomson-Houston Company through pur-
chases of stock from French and German

shareholders.

Great works are being constructed at
Rugby and it is probable that part of the
American comnany's output in the United
States for the colonial trade will be pro-
duced hereafter at this place, Thus the
General klectrio Company at Rugby and
tho Westinghouse plant at Trafford Park,
Manchester, will come into direct compe-
tition in Great Britain.

The purchase of the shares was officially
announced by representatives of the Gen-
era! Electric Company in this c ty yester-
day with the additional information that
the transaction gave the General Electric
Company the controlling Interests in the

ritish company. C, A, Coffin, President;

tugene (Grillin, Firat Viee-President, and
W. J. Clark, General Manager of the Foreign
Department, General Electric Company,
will be member of the British Thomson.
Houston board, and the closest cooperation
will exist between the General Flectric
and the British Thomson-Houston com-

panies, .

The British Thomson-Houston Company
was originally a licensee of the Thomaon-
Houston Company of America, the latter
some years ako was merged in the General
Flectric Company. The British Thomsen.
Houston Company has bees operating
under poten of the General Fi. trie Com-
pany, but as an independent concern,

Poland! Poland! Poland!
The purest natural spring water in the world, — ide,

Unierberg-Boonekamp Bitters,
Best appetizer, famous for "0 years. Ade,

—-

SATURDAY,

OE

MURDER IN FERRY CROWD.

SELF-DEFENCE, SLAYER CALLS IT~-POl-
ITICS DENIND.

 

 

Clark, Long Island City Trackman, and Clancy,
Hotel Keeper, Quarrelied a Yoar Ago and
Last Night They Met Homeward Bound
~Thea Clancy's Bullets Ended It —Jalled.

John Clark of 160 West avenue, Long
Island City, was shot through the heart by
Joha F. Clancy, a Long Island City hotel
keeper at the corner of First avenue and
Thirty-fourth street last night. The shoot-
ing occurred at 9 o'clock when the
street was full of people hurrying to
the ferry. Clark was taken to Belle-
vue Hospital, where he died an hour
later. Clancy, who asserted that he had
shot Clark in self-defence, was locked up
in the East Thirty-fifth street police station,
charged with homicide.

The shooting culminated a grudge of a
year's standing. It was done #0 quickly
that despite the number of people in the
immediate vicinity there was nobody who
could give an acourate account of just what
happened. The only explanation the police
have is from Clancy as Clark lapsed into
unconsciousness after being taken to tho
hospital

According to the hotelkeeper he and Clark
had not been on good terms for the last year
They had had a dispute over politics, he
said, and Clark had since frequently threat-
ened him with bodily harm, although he
had never made any direct threat to kill him
Only @ short time ago, Clancy said, Clark
had punched a couple of his friends and then
had announced that Clancy's turn would
come next. After that Clancy says he got
scared and a week ago he secured a permit
from the police to carry the revolver with
which he did the shooting last night

Clark and Clancy met unexpectedly, appar-
ently as each was on hia way home, (Clancy's
story is that Clark saw him first and without
warning ran up to him and atruck him in

the face, There ia no doubt about Clancy
having been struck, for his nose is broken,
Then Clancy says he fired two shots point
blank at his assailant. One of the bullets
struck Clark over the heart and probably pen-
erases it. The other lodged in the same
region,

lark staggered into Murtha’s saloon on

$e corner and fell on the floor. Policeman
Colgan was standing on the opposite corner
and he ran across the street, fter putting

Clancy under arrest he called an ambulance
and had Clark taken to the hospital, When
Clancy was brought to the hoapital to be
identified by Clark the latter was unconacious
and he died without recovering his senses.

Clancy is the proprietor of a hotel at Bor-
den and Vernon avenues, ong Island City
Clark was once tn the trucking business,
but recently has had no visible means of sup-
port arnough, pe was always well supplied
a money he men were arrayed against
each other in the Democratic fight in Long
Island City Clancy is a supporter of ex-
Assombiyman Wissel who is recognized by
Tammany, while Clark was for Joseph Cas-
tidy, who is fighting Wissel

he trouble between the two men began
abouta yearago Ata plonio at North Beach
Clark and one James Dunn, had « quarrel
Pistols were drawn, {it ia sald, but no shots
were fired) The quarrel ended in a police-
man, who was off duty, being, arrested

Last fall Clarke and James MeMahon, on
of Clancey's constituents, had a fight an
MoMahon was thrashe It was eaid then
by Clancy's friends that Clark announced
that Clancy would “get the same dose.
About a week ago Clancy went to District
Attorney Merrill and asked for a permit to
earry «a pia but was told that he would
have to go to the police for It,

Clancy was once a sergeant on the Rock-
away police force, He is well known in Lon
Island City and his hotel ls one of the bigges
there

STILL. REFUSE TO TAKE THE OATH.

 

Virginia Constitutional Convention Again Votes
Down the Pledge to Be Loyal.

Ricnmonp, Va, June 21.--The Constitue
tional Convention to-~lay again debated the
question of taking the oath of office, which in-
volves pledging support to the Constitution
of the United States. The matter was
brought up and warmly urged by J. C. Sume
mera, a Republican, but the convention re-
fused to accede by a decided vote

The sentiment is against the adoption of the
resolution introduced yesterday providing
that the people and Congress be called on
to repeal the Fifteenth Amendment. The
majority will be satisfied with nothing leas
than the disfranchisement of the negro ao
far as it can be done under existing condi-
tions

The oonvention here to-day referred to
committees’ resolutions looking to the ap-
pointment of a commission to restrain the
railroads, a measure to regulate the corpora-
tions, one to reduce the number of oourts,
and another to regulate elections. There
waa also one to prevent any negro from hold-
ing office, in these words

“All white persons entitled to vote and no
others shall be eligible to any office under the
Constitution and laws of Virginia, except as
restricted in the Constitution.”

The election resolution provides for a plan
for holding a State primary to nominate all
candidates for State officers and to nominate
candidates for United States Senator The
committee to consider the latter proposition
has for its chairman United States Senator
John W. Daniel

INDIGESTION KILLED HIM.

 

 

Goorge Parsell of Bath Beach Wanders 0) Inte
the Majestic and Dies There.

A neatly-dressed man about 49 years old
walked into the café of the Hotel Majestio
at Seventy-seoond street and Central Park
West at 9 o'clock last night and complained
of having a pain over his heart. He sat in
a chair for a few moments and then was pus
on 4 lounge in the billiard room by the wait-

ers,

Dr. Dennison of 68 West Seventy-frat
atreet was eniled and Roosevelt Hospital was
asked for an ambulance The ambulance
broke down Anot hegymessage Was sent to
the Presbyterian Jlospital and an ambu-
lance from there met with an accident too
An ambulanee from the Flower Hoapitn! was
then called and arrived at the hotel without
mishap But the patient was dead

Meantime Dr. Dennison had been doing all
he could for him The man said he had
never been Ill before and couldn't aceount
for hia illness. He told Dr. Dennison that
be was George Pargell of Bath and Cropaey
avenues, Bath Beach, Dr Dennison said he
thought death was due to acute Indigestion
The body was taken tothe Weat Sixtv-eighth
atreet police station and Parsell's wife was
notified

Miss Helen Gould's Unhappy Proteges,

Frederick Haas of West New York, N J.,
was held for the Grand Jury yesterday by
Recorder Murphy on a charge of assaulting
his wife Miss Helen Gould became in-
terested in the young couple when they
wanted to get married three years ago and
shortly after their inarrinwe necured Haas's
discharge from the army This is the third
throne Mra. Haas has had her husband arreated
for assaulting her. On the two former occa-
sions she withdrew the charge, but she says
she wont this time

— —- <—-

Every Concetvable Laxary

te provided on the “Overland Jimtwd.” Chicago to
San Francisco via Chicago & North Western Upton
Paeife and Southern Pactte Rys Particulars at
Nort Western Line OMee, 461 Hroadway ~ ade

When Westward Round

The careful man vses the Pennsy!rania Railroad be
cause it ls speedy and secure. Ade,

 

 

Spe tl Sunday on beautiful L. L Sound. sty,
chester *. Chapia from Peck Slip and (oot Kast
diss St See adv. Ade, j

 

JUNE 22, 1901.—-COPYRIGHT, 190!,

 

 

 

STREET STANDS MUST GO.

The Appeliate Division Says Municipal Counci!
Has Neo Right to Issac Permits for Them.

That the Municipal Assembly has no
authority to issue permits for the erection
of stands under the stairways of the ele-
vated roads was determined by the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme Court
yesterday in directing that a mandamus
issue to Commissioner Keating of High-
ways to remove the etand at the southwest
corner of Twenty-third street and Sixth
avenue. The proceeding was brought by
David Pumpyansky as a resident and
citizen. A permit for the stand had been
issued under City Ordinances 680 to 683,
made under the authority of Chapter 718
of the laws of 1806,

The Appellate Division in an opinion by
Justice Hatch, with Justices Patterson
and Mclaughlin concurring and Justice
O'Brien dissenting, holds that the Charter
repealed this act except so far as permit-
ting the issuance of permits for stands
within stoop lines with the consent of the
owner of the abutting rr. The
Court says that the general rule that the
Legislature has no authority to permit
encroachments on the public streets has
its limitation where there is no obstruction
to the public use of the street. The stand
in suit, which was used for the sale of news-
papers and magazines, is 144 feet long
and 4 feet 11 inches wide. In the space
taken up the grentest height of the stair-
way from the street is 7 feet. The Court
says that all but about a foot of the space
taken could not be by estrians
and only so far would the stand be an ob-
struction. The greater part of it, says
the Court, could not, therefore, be removed
as a nuisance, and would remain if the power
Eves by the Legislature to the Municipal
Assembly to issue such permits had not been
repealed.

 

 

 

PORTO RICANS THANK FORAKER.

Two Members of the Executive Council Express
the Island's Gratitude to Him.

CINCINNATI, June 2t-Sefior José Gomez
Brioso and Sefior José C Barbosa, of San
Juan and members of the Executive Council
of Porto Rico, arrived in Cincinnati this morn-
ing to express informally their thanks to
Senator Foraker for his efforts in behalf of
the island They left to-night for Cleve-
land to call on Senator Hanna’ Dr. Brioso
is the Porto Rico Commisejoner to the Pan-
American Exposition. He speaks little
English, but Seflor Barbosa speaks English
fluently

“We have just received a cablegram from
Gov. Allen,” said Sefior Barbosa, “call-
ing us back to attend a session of the Legis-
lature on July 1, at which will be passed a
Joint resolution setting forth that, according
to the official report of the Treasurer, Porto
Rico is able to support itself Then wo
hope, according to the provisions of the
Foraker resolution, that President MoKinley
will exercise his power to proclaim free
trade for the island which will be of ime
mense beneilt

“We are in the transitory state to terri-
torial life now, and we hope eventually to
become a full State. We were sorry for the
Supreme Court decision, which deprived
us of all citizenship, but we had expected it

“For Senator Foraker we have the great-
est love and admiration He is tho idol of
the Porto Ricans and we camé to Cincinnati
solely to pay our respects to him”

Senator Foraker gave a dinner to his visi-
tors this evening at which a number of well-
known citizens were present

WILD MAN HAUNTS NORTH PELHAM

Says He's King of the Woods, and Has the Rega-
lation Matted Beard.

Pernam, N. Y, June 21 —This place ts
excited over the appearance of a wild man,
who is said to be making his home in the
North Pelham woods. Like most wild men
he wears a matted beard and his hair {s long
and unkempt. A dozen persons in Pelham
are ready to swear that they have seen him,
but only one got close enough for an inter-
view Constable Marks and a party of
farmers bave hunted the woods in vain for
two nights tn hope of finding the man’s lair
He is described as about 40 years old, and
his only raiment is sald to be a pair of trousers,
badly frayed. He was first seen on Sunday
afternoon by Wilfred Hanratty, who was in
the woods outting brush

“Why are you destroying my proporty?”
demanded the stranger

“Who are you?” asked Hanratty

“Who am I?” shouted the man; “I am King
of the Woods”

Then he stared at Manratty for a moment
and ranaway. Little Ellen Whalen, daughter

of John Whalen, gays she saw the man in
the woods on Wednesday while she was
picking strawberries He was behind a
clump of bushes and said, “Hello, little girl!”
in a gruff voice that frightened her neariy
out of her wits. Little Ellen left her basket
and for home

Yesterday afternoon he startled the chil-
dron of the North Pelham publte achool by
appear on their playground at recess
Pveral littie irls nearly went pte hysterics
‘hen Supt ill reached the playground he
hag Glapppeared

t is believed that the man is qn escaped
unatic. Some boys who explored the
elham woods several days _— report that
they found a cave and a large fireplace made
of stones

 

BROTHERS MEET AFTER 17 YEARS

 

Rev. Mr. Morgan Didn't Recognize Stranger
Who Grasped Als Hand on the Street.

The Rev. J. Farncta Morgan, pastor of the
Park Reformed Chureh of Jersey City, and
his brother, George T. Morgan of Green
Bay, Mich, who had not seen each other for
seventeen years, met at the Pavonia ferry
in Jersey City a few days ago

The Green Bay brother came Fast to via't
the minister without notifying him and when
be inquired at the Erie depot if anybody
could direct him to Pastor Morgan's house
he was told that he would find the minister
outside He walked up to the Rev Mr
Morgan, seized hin by the hand and said he
was glad to see him) Mr Morgan looked
embarrassed and said the stranger's face
wae familiar, but he couldn't place it

"So you don't know your own
George,” sald the Michigan man

“Bless my soul I didn't,” replied the minister,
“but I do now"

The Morgana formerly lived in the West
but the Rev Mr Morgan came East to study
for the ministry and staved here

brother

CHILD SWALITOWS A RING.

Doctor Locates It With X-Rays and Cute It Out
of the @sophagus.

Mrs. Fmma Wilding of 214 Liberty street,

Union Hill, N. J, placed a diamond ring on
the bureau yesterday afternoon and Jater
missed it She asked her flve-year-old

daughter Millie if sho had seen it and the
ehild told her «he had not

A few minutes afterward she noticed the
ehild was choking and burried with ber to
Weisemann's dispensary. Dr Wallace White
by means of X-rays located the ring in the
chins @ ophagus. He cut it open and re.
move! the ring The doctor says the child
will suffer no after effects

 

 

————.

Yale Seniors Compliment ‘The San."

New Haven, June 21 --Yale's academto
seniors, in their class book, published to-day,
register a vote that THE Sen is the moat
popular New York newspaper

TUE GRIP of a Cold can be relased with
JAYNE'S EXPECTORANT.~Agy

Mylee Standish Ginger Ale.
The club man's cholee, straight or for dtutiog, ~AaK

ss sss esse sss

 

BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

A

JAPANESE DIPLOMATSLAIN.

FORMER MINISTER TO
STABBED.

 

nosnt Torv,
THIS COUNTRY,

Was in Marquis Ito's Cabinet of 1900, but Re-
signed on Account of Charges of Pecelation
~Motive of Assassination Supposed to Be
Political--A New Cabinet Announced.

 

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

YoRonAMA, June 21.—-Hoshi Toru, form-
erly Minister of Communication in the
Cabinet of Marquis Ito, was stabbed to
death at a meeting of the City Assembly
to-day. The motive for his assassination
is not known, but it is supposed that it
was for political reasons,

Hoshi Toru was at one time President
of the House of Representatives and also
represented Japan at Washington.

Lonpon, June 22.--A despatch to the
Times from Tokio says Hoshi Toru was as-
sassinated while he was sitting ata meeting
of the Tokio City Council,

A man of 50 years of age, who has held a
highly res;ectable public and social posi-
tion, entered the chamber and stabbed
Hoshi Toru twice with a sword,

The former Minister of Japan at Wash-
ington died almost immediately. The as-
sassin declared that he struck the blow in
the interests of the country. Hoshi Toru
was a Liberal leader.

Hoshi Toru was Minister from Japan to
the United States for two years, being re-
called in 1897 upon a change in the Imperial
Ministry. He was about 50 years of age and
was educated in his native country, after-
ward studying law in London, where he
took a barrister's degre.

Returning to Japan he practiced his pro-
fession and entered polities, Alling several
important offices before receiving the
Washington mission,

In September of 1990 the Yamagata
Ministry, formed in November, 1808, re-
signed, and a new Cabinet was formed
by Marquis Ito, who thus returned to power
after a lapse of a little over two years, he
having resigned in June 1898. The new
Ministry continued the foreign policy of
Yamagata, who stood for the preservation
of the integrity of China and friendship
with England. The composition of the
Ito Cabinet was:

Minister President, Marquis Ito; Minister
for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Takaaki Kato;
Minister of the Interior, Baron Suyematsu;
Minister for War, Marshal Viscount Katsura;
Minister of the Navy, Vice-Admiral Yoma-
lato; Minister of Finance, Viscount Watan-
obe; Minister of Agriculture and Commerce,
Mr. Yuzo Hoyashi; Minister of Education,
Mr, Masahisa Matsuda; Minister of Come
munication, Mr. Hoshi Toru; Minister of
Justice, Baron Kaneko

later in the year accusations of pecu-
lation were brought against Hoshi and he
resigned.

The steamer Victoria, that arrived at
Victoria, B. C., yesterday, brought news
that a new Japanese Cabinet has been
formed, made up for the most part of “the
younger statesmen.” None of the old
leadera, Ito, Matsukata, Inouye Okuma,
Yamagata or others of their school are
represented, .

The new Cabinet which has been formed
by Viscount Katsura, head of the Japanese
War Department in past years, and a vet-
eran of the China-Japan War, is as follows:
Premier, General Viscount Katsura; Min-
ister of Home Affairs, Baron Utsumi Tad-
skatsu; Minister of Foreign Affairs, Viscount
Komura, formerly Minister to Washington;
Minister of Agriculture and Commerce, Mr,
Hirata Tosukeo; Minister of Communica-
tions, Viscount Yoshikawa; Minister of Jus-
tice, Mr. Keoura Keigo: Minister of Educa-
tion, Dr. Kikuchi; Minister of War, Baron
Kodatrna; Minister of Navy, Admiral Yama-
oto.

The Japanese Advertiser says: “By this
it will be seen that the Cabinet is on the
independent order, assuming very much
the same character as the Yamagata Min-
istry. It is quite evident that the first
experiment in party government has
proved a complete failure. It is yet tc be
seen whether party rancor will follow.”

HERRON'S NAME OFF CHURCH KkOLIS.

Grinnell Church Takes the Action by Unani-
mous Vote, a
Grinnet, la., June 21.—George D. Herron
no longer has any chureh standing in Iowa.
The Congregational Church of Grinnell,
at a business meeting this evening, by a
unanimous vote, decided to drop the name
of the former professor of applied Christi-
anity from its church rolls. This is the
last act in the long series of procedure
necessary, according to Congregational
ecclesiastical custom, to put Prof. Herron
outside of the Church
The first act occurred at Baxter, where
the Congregational Association voted to

advise the Grinnell church to form a coun-
cil to try Prof. Herron for alleged con-
duct unworthy of a Christian and a gentle-
man. The second act was the decision
of the church to act upon the recommenda-
tion of the association, and to calla couneil
of lowa churches. The trial itself con-
stituted the third act. The council recom-
mended to the Grinnell church that Prof,
Herron’s name be dropped from the chureh
rolls, and it was this recommendation that
was carried out this evening. There was
no dissenting vote

PLAGUE VIRUIENT AT HONG KONG.

Deaths Since Jan. 1
Quarantined.
Victoria, B.C, -The plague has
broken out in virulent form at Hong Kong,
according to news received by the Vietoria,
and every port in the Orient is taking pro-
tective measures
Two steamers are quarintined at Naga-

550 Two Steamers

Juner

avki owing to the pligue having been
brought f om Hong Kong o} th m One
s the Emoress of China. the other the

transport Kintuck, upon which a ¢ inese |
fireman died of plague The Kintuck hos |
180 United States soldiers and sixteen om. |
ces on board returning from tho Phillp- |

ines

, \t Hong Kong 542 A*iatics and seven
whites hive died since the beginning of the
year

 

Saratoga Limited Season of 1901,

This famous New York Central train will leare
New York on Its Initial trip today, at 150 P, M.,
and every Saturday hereafter during the season. |
On ali other week Gays the main leaves at a 20 P.M.
All} maa parlor cars, including an observation
car ide,

 

Just a Day's Journey

tween New York and Chicago by the
Riis. Protected he elegiria canes

and switches,—Ade, !

| the open ground that they would rather con-

Showers to-day and to-morrow; winds

 

| STRIKERS STORM

| enguegiae

! An Attack Made on the Mattewan Mines —Supt,
Lambert Shot.

Witutamson, W. Va., June 21.—One of
the guards from the Matewan mines of the
Lick Fork Coal Company came from Mate-
wan, fifteen miles away, to-night, and re-
ported to Sheriff Hatfleld that a fight had
occurred between the guards and the
strikers. Supt, Lambert was shot in the
leg,a guard was mortally wounded,

Ex-Attorney-General Rucker, a'torney
for the coal company, had to flee for his
life. Move than 1,000 shot: were fired.

The strikers came out this evening and
went’close to the mine, An outpost'of the
guards fired on them, ‘The strikers were
stationed on points overlooking the barri-
cad'd mine entrance, Their fire was furi-
ous,

The guard who came here says the bul-
lets fell thick as hail. The guards were
routed and the strikers are behind the bar-
ricade and are in control of the mine.

The guard who came here says that ho
saw a miner's wife kneeling on the grounds
and praying for the death of the guards,
Fx-Attorney-General Rucker was close to
death. He hid behind a fence and the
strikers poured a volley into his hiding
place, the bullets splintering the rails,
Sheriff Hatfleld was getting his posse to-
gether at 10:30 P. M. and he will leave for
Matewan on the first train.

ED

TWO BLIND MEN IN A RIVER.

 

Went There to Swim and Couldn't Get Out
~Their Pilot Neglected Them.

READING, Pa., June 21.—Two blind men
were found by Policeman Ubil in the Schuy!-
kill River here this afternoon aimlessly
wading in the current, unable to find their
way to shore. After some difficulty both
men were taken out and concealed in the
bushes until their clothing, some distance
up the bank, was found. They gave their
names as Samuel Hallowell, aged 42, and
Charles Ramsey, aged 38, of Philadelphia.

Their story was that a friend had taken
them in to swim and then deserted them.
Later it was learned that the friend had
fallen asleep on the river bank and did not
hear the cries of the blind men. They are
itinerant broom makers.

 

TORNADO KILLS NINE.

One Family of Seven Wiped Out, Two Killed
Out of Another.

Naper, Neb, June 21.—A tornado crossed
down the Keya Faha River Thureday even-
ing at 6 o'clock. The river is five miles south
of here and only meagre reports are obtain-
able. One family of seven, named Green-
ing, were all killed, and out of another family
of six, nained Anderson, two are killed and
the rest, exeept the father, are fatally in-
jured,

No other casualties are as yet reported
The family of Jacob Berg and Metz were
injured somewhat when their houses were
demolished, but not seriously. All com-
munication with the out&@e world is cut off
and it is {mpossible to learn what damage the
storm did along the Keya Paha River west of
where the Greening and Anderson families
were found

The country around appears to have been
devastated generally and much stook has been
killed. Fears are entertained that many
fatalities have occurred in the interior.

NOME MINERS HOPEFUL.

Steamer Reaches Seattle With 6100,000 in
Dust -The Season Late.

SrattLe, Wash, June 21. — Steamer
Jeanie, the first vessel to reach Nome this
season, arrived to-day with sixteen pas-
sengers and $100,000 in gold dust. The
season is reported late and snowdrifts are
deep along moat of the creeka, delaying
work. Miners are cheerful, anticipating
a big output.

 

 

FELL UNRURT FROM A BALLOON.

Photographer in Chicago Has a Tamble of 100
Feet and Alights Safely.

Cricaao, June 21—George R_ Lawrence,
who was taking a birdseye phtograph of
the atock yards from a balloon at 2 o'clock,
fell 100 feet with his basket and alighted on
his feet uniniured) The ropes that held
the basket to the balloon gave way on the
descent. Lawrence shot downward like a
stone and the basket strugk some telegraph
wires over the main cattle alley near the
Exchange building, breaking the fall

Even at that the spectators expected to
see the man dashed to places, but to their
surprise he alighted gracefully without a
mark to ehow for his thrilling adventure
Three thousand people witnessed the fall.

 

COLER SAYS HE'S OUT OF IT.

Would Not Run for Mayor of This City, He
Declares, in Any Circamstances.

Brrrato, June 21 —Comptroller Coler said
to-night that it was not true that he had
expressed himself as willing to run for Mayor
if thero was a movement of sufficient strength
in his behalf He further denied that he
had conferred with Senator Hill in regard
to it

“The only talk I have had abqut It,” said
he, “was a rambling conversation with a
group of bankers who are attending the
convention here. They are old friends of
mine,

“I told them that it had cost me all I re-

ceived In fees and salary during my term of
oMce, that I wanted to get out of politics and
be left alone 1 will not run for Mayor in
any circumstances” That ia the statement
I made somo time ago and I adhere to it.”

Did Senator Hill talk with you about
becoming the candidate of the Anti-Tam-
many forces?”

“No: [ have talked no
Hill

Olities with Senator
Ile ia @ pretty shrewd politician I

nt believe he'd mix up in New York muni-
cipal polities — But to go back to the subject,
I will not run in any elroumatances ”

 

 

Negro Exodus Advised in Case of Distranchise-
ment.

Montoomeny, Ala, June 21.—It has been
learned here that the negro prenchers are
beginning to advocate from the pulpits an
exodus of the negroes in case the Constitu-
tional Convention disfranchises them The
large land owners have been advocating a
conservative policy on the suffrage, taking

tinue counting out the negro at elections
than to lose his labor, The preachers advise
going to Texas and Arkansas.

Poland! Poland! Poland!

The purest natural apring water in the worla. —Ade.

 

Ge to Vermont This Sammer.
Book of A. W, Ecclestone, 5. Pass't Agt., 345 B’way:
8

 
 

SS ST

mine pannicaPe:) BARKER IS FOUND GUILTY:

 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

   
    
 
 

south to southwest.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

 

 

HIS CRIME ATROCIOUS ASSAULT WITH
INTENT TO KILL.

 

Jary Oat Only Eight Minutes—Barker Con-
victed on the Highest Count in the Indict-
ment—His Lawyer's Appeal to the Jurors
as Husbands-—Addresses Some of Them
Whom He Knew by Name—Mr, Keller
Will Probably Seek Vindication by Civil
Sait—Barker in Hudson County Jall —He
May Get a Sentence of Seven Years.

“Guilty of assault with intent to kill,” was
the verdict rendered at 2:47 o'clock yesterday
afternoon in the case of the State of New
Jersey against Thomas G Barker. The case
had been on trial in the Hudson County Court
House, Jersey City Heights, since Monday
morning lIaet. It was just eight minutes
from the time the door of the juryroom
closed until the knock came which announced
that the deliberations were at an end. The
result came so quickly on the heels of the
jury's retirement from the court room that
the first stir and bustle in the audience after
the relaxation that came with the end of
the case was hardly over before the Judge's
gavel fell, demanding order

That it was a verdict nobody doubted.
It was impossible that In that short time
the jury could be coming back for instruc-
tions of any sort. Furthermore, nearly
everybody in the room was confident that
it was a verdict of guilty. That it was a
verdict of guilty on the highest of all the
four counts In the Indictment was more
uncertain.

There were four of these counts, running
all the way down to plain assawf and battery,
There had been a strong plea for a verdict
at least on one of these minor counts and
there were those who, even in the face of the
almost instantaneous verdict of the jury,
were still confident that it might be for some
of the lesser counts in the indictment.

Neither Mr. Keller nor Mrs. Barker was in
the court room when the Jury returned. Mr,
Keller, in fact, had not been there since the
close of the summing up for the State. He
was down In the office of the Prosecutor for
thePleas on the ground floor of the coyrt room.
He had heard nono of the Judge's charge and
could bardly have known that the jury was
out before tho news of the vordict reached
him, and with the news a rush of friends to
congratulate him, for there was no concea]-
ment of the fact that all of the friends, both
lay and clerical, looked upon Mr. Barker's
quick conviction of the highest technical
charge which under the law could be made
against him was in effect a moral vindication
of Mr. Keller from the accusation against
him which was the motive of the shooting

Mrs. Barker was in the court room during
the charge of the Court and apparently was
as much affected by it as she had beenby
the formidable summing up of the Prosecutor
of the Pleas against her husband. During
the summing up and the Judge's charge
she eat leaning her head on her hand and
her elbow on the arw of the chair in which
she eat woeping continuously, with her hand-
kerchief to her eyes. Har hair even became
partially dishevelled {n her demonstrations
of emotion and came straggling down over
her flushed cheeks, from which she thrust It
back from time to time. Her eyes were
red and swollen, She was an impressive
picture of a woman In much distress of mind.
When the jury left the court she rose and
with a parting word to her husband went
out with her woman companion, not to fe-
turn to the scene of the trial egain, for it
hardly is to be presumed that she will care
to be present when her husband receives
his sentence, It was said she and her friend
took a trolley car at the Court House and
went out to Arlington, there to await the news.
If this be eo, the news itself must have trav-
elled on the second or third car behind her,
even if it were not telegraphed and in Arling-
ton ahead of her.

Barker himself, when the jury filed into
the box, was in his accustomed seat close
by his counsel's table He is a very dark
man as to his complexion, dark even to
swarthiness, and when he gets pale it does
not show so plainly as in persons of lighter
color. Yet he was distinctly pale as he sat
waiting to hear the result. But with all the
strain it was plain that he was under, he pre-
served his outward composure to a remark-
able degree. He sat entirely motionless, and
with head erect looked straight before him
at the second juryman who was in the direct
line of his vision. The tension among the
spectators in the court room was very great
It is quite impossible to understand the very
passion of interest with which Mr. Barker's
friends and the people of Arlington have
followed every step and Incident inthis trial
The tragedy has ralsed feuds and enmities
in the little village and has made of the very
children of the place partisans. And nobody
could quite get it out of his or her mind that
it was the Rev John Keller as well as Mr
Barker who was being tried The atmos-
phere of the court room was fairly snapping
with the electricity of all this as the crisis
of all the week's ordeal approached

THE VERDICT

Judge Blair glanced about tbe crowded
room and at the flushed, eager faces for an
instant with the peculiar slow, reflective lift
of the eyebrows which is peculiar to him,
He read the signs aright when he read them
as pointing to an explosion of cheers or hisses
or whatever it might be when the jury spoke
the docisive word He brought down hie
gavel with an emphatic bang upon the deak
before him and then, in a voice pitched to a
degree of sternness not heard before since
the trial began, said

“There must be no demonstration in this
courtroom—none whatever The officers will
seo that order {s maintained,”

“Gentlemen of the jury,” said the clerk
of the court after a pause, during which there
was dead ailence in the crowded courtroom,
“have you reached a verdict?"

“We havé”

“What is the verdict?”

“Guilty of atrocious assault, with intent te
kill.”

here was no demonstration, There
was no chance for any. The eyes of the
officers of the court were travelling awiftly
and keenly over the crowd to note the first
symptoms of one, and to quickly suppress
it. So with nothing doing in the way of
demonstration that, for the spectators, was
the end df it. As for Barker he looked, on
the whole, rather less downcast than did
Mr. San Winkle and Mr. Wall, his counsel,
who, according to their lights, have worked
so earnestly and with such consetentious
energy to save him as far as was humanly
possible from the penalty of a crime about
the commission of which there could be no
contention, It was evident all through
the trial that Mr. Van Winkle was throwing
himself into the cause of his client with all
the zeal of a very determined mental make-
up. It is said, as @ matter of fact, that over
and above his ardor for his client there was,

 

AUantic City

Eapress trains with Buffet Parlor Cars vla New
Jersey Central leave Liberty Street at 240 AL M,
and 340 P, M. South Merry five minutes eariler,

Due Atlantic City at 1250 and #40 P, M,—Ade,

—_— ———-—_.

That Hudson River Day Line Fscurster ts Reugh-
keeepsie is “As advertised,” the finest onedey
the World. Ads, = we

4