a

 

——

‘VOL LXVIIL—NO, 16,

 

 

 

a

NEW YORK, SUNDAY

¢\CTS ABOUT THE BOXERS, |

DIRECTOR SHENG ACCUSES THE EM-
PRESS DOWAGER.

Tells ‘The Sun" Correspondent That She
Meant to Have All Foreigners Exterm!t-
pated—Later She Discovered Her Mistake
The Flight From Pekin -Chinese Saspt-
clon of Germany and Hassta—Reform
Needed Imperatively tm Obine, Says Sheng,

rectal Cable Despatch te THE SUN
From a Staff Correspondent

Spananal, Sept. 13. ¢ hinese stateamen re-
allzet oe of a complete reform of the
prewn rnt eng, the Director of
Rajlwars and Telecraphs and the man whose
name A en prominent during the present
criais ken in thie reapaet. In
an interview W a SUN correspondent to-day
ha eald 1 hea was doing all in his pewer to
get th ato ela@n a memorial to the
Thro ' w thatan ediet should be issued
at or wetina the inauguration of this re-
form @ f thea peace negotiations. Di-
aaa re the memoria)

The lent of Tue Sun had a talk
to-day r Sheng, whots a close friend
of | we (hare Ihe Chinese statesman
was perfect frank [he conversation be-
gan # ' to the news given out
during the siewe of the legations at Peletn,
Hirector & ge «nid that communication with
the > se capital Was regular, bulit was ex-
tremely aiMeult to get the meesage to Mr,

ore » United States Minister, through.
The y nssistance the southern Viceroys
and Sheng received was from Prince Ching

Director Sheng then asked the correspondent:
"Do ) w the tnside truth of the Boxer
movetr

The respondent admitted that he did
not. Then Director Sheng said

i'll t uid he repeated this state-
ment ad {ta origin in the province of
Rhantune t gh the degrading of Yu Haian ”
He went any that upon the appofntment
of Yuan § Kail as Governor of Shantung

the Boxers fed to the provinces of Chill. Gen
Yu Lu ied ther Yu Hs{an went to Pekin
and gave an account of what the Roxers were
doing to his old teacher, Hsu Tung, whd was
at that time tutor to the helr apparent, the son
of Princes Tuan. Hsu Tung was in constant
communication with Prince Tuan. Finally
Hsu Tung, who has since committed = snictde,
and Prince Tuan went to see the Dowager
Empress who at that time opposed the Boxers
Prince Tuan pratsed the Boxers aa invincible
fighters, and the heirs and Chung Li, a member
of the Teung-li-Yamen, and another tutor sec
onded everything he said. The Empress cred-
{ted their «tories and really belleved that the
Boxers would be invaluable in case of foreign
aggressions Gen. Yu Lu, who previous to
this time had declared that he would not ourry
favor with the Government, memorialized the
Throne, asking that the tutors might have an
Imperial audience Incidentally he praised
the Boxers

The Dowager Empress thereupon ordered
the tutors to memorialize the Throne, which
they did. The memorial approved the Boxers
without stint and it was !ndorsed by the FEm-

press. Then the real movement began. The
Dowager Empress appointed Kang Yi and
Chao Shu Chlan a spectal commission to In-
vesticnte the situation. They reported in
favor of (« extermination of foreigners and
edictat » effect were subsequently issued.

Emperor: Kwang-*u was opposed to this policy

rid when the first edict was {ssued he wept
for several hours. Then he sent for Prince
(hing. They discussed the situation and wept
together. There seemed to be no help for the
matter, but the Dowager Empress finally saw
that she had made @ mistake and with the
Emperor she {ssued @ secret edict on June 26
in which ehe sald that ahe had been compelled
to Issue the declarations tn favor of the Boxers
because all the military strength of the Empire
was ‘o the hands of Prince Tuan and the Boxer
adherents, and it was {mpossible for the Throne
to oppose them. Chung Li then realized the

blunder he had made and committed suicide
in the Interest of Prince Tuan.

Director Sheng said that the only way in
which Prince Tuan's son could take the throne
would be through the depoaltion of the Dow-
ager Empress, which he would very much re-
@ret. Director Sheng suppressed a number
of anti-foreign edicts which were issued by
the Empress, and published {n secret and tn
this way prevented an uprising of the Chinese
in the southern provinces, Li Ping Hang, the
ant-foreign lmperta! commander, advised
the beheading of Sheng.

Then the Viceroys, acting under a@ secret
edict, made an agreement with the Consuls
of the various Governments at Shanghai, under
which Li! Hung Chang and Yuan, the Gov-
ernor of Shantung, were to lead an army against
the Boxers, exterminate the leaders and break
up the movement, Eight Viceroys aigned
& memorial asking that the movement of the
allies to Pekin be stopped while the agree-
ment was being carried out. The plan failed
because the Throne refused to issue the necee-
sary edict.

Then the allies started for Pekin, It was
planned by those desirous of peace to have
Prince Ching and Sir Robert Hart, the Im-
perial Director of Maritime Customa, meet
them outside of the city and arrange matters
80 that the Emperor and the Dowager Em-
bress should not be compelled to leave the
palace and in this way enable the allies to catch
the Boxers and the Princes opposed to the
foreiguers who might remain, Prince Ching
and Sir Robert Hart, however, were unable
to do this and Prince Tuan persuaded the
Empress to leave. She in turn compelled
the Emperor to accompany her.

Thetr first filght was to Tatung Pass, half way
oer u-fu When last heard from on Sept.
. mae 200 It (a If is a third of a mile) from
— ‘en-fu and probably reached that place
a (Thursday) It ts believed that they
= remain at that place until they hear some~
oe Cevnite as to the length of the stay of
the allies in Pekin. If the foreign forces re-
matn In Pekin for any length of time the Court
*tll probably go to Tsian-fu and establish a
cepital there If, on the other hand, the allies
: acuate Pekin the Emperor and the Dowager
-mpress will return to that city.

were

Direotor Sheng then discussed the probable
the eget te Powers, He asked “What is

oon of Rusala’s extraordinary friendli-
Chineec needs eiplanation and has aroused
al ~ ispicion. It may mean a repetition
pf ort Arthur coup. Jt {s asserted that
i — and Russia worked together then
os : oid ermmaéns used the excuse of the killing
tan “ary to seize Kiao Chou while the

Russ} . PD
Slans®ook Port Arthur The whole thing
WAS prearranged “

   

2 _ next aske! why Germany is sending
Woops to China now. “The Emperor
wean he sald, “declared that all he de-
teler an ; ‘at the murderers of Baron von Ket-
Problem tx noe’, Punished. ff that ts all, the
nota diMoult one. But the Chinese

are { 7
a _— f another understanding between
many

   

will land ¢ na by which the former
latter will ¢ ty and selze territory and the
does not é "k up more, Russia says she
the naseriac anchuria, The first cemand
ina. ns must be to compel her to
Making e has been telling the truth by

laTee to

Man-

withdraw from

Fare Two Cents a Mile

Niagar a
Postinenra Falls and all other points on the New

milena
Wo every one. a? penete for 500 er 1,000 miles.

$n

anna te ener

churia.” This was said fn the most emphatio
manner,

Director Sheng then talked of a possible
understanding between England and Japan
with the moral influence of the United States.
He said that one fact must not be lost sight of.
It was imperative to seize this opportunity
for a thorough reformation of the Chinese
Government, to root out the conservatives,
to ad »pt progressive measures and to open
the country.

“China,” said Director Sheng, “suffers from
an open sore. Let {t heal. She will forget
if there is no reform now, and a repetition
of the disorders will certainly come, and this
will mean the inevitable partition of the
country.”

Sheng (mplied that his reason for stating that
there would be disorders in the future was that
Kang Yu Wei, the progressive Chinaman who
was compelled to leave the country and other
reformers are working through the secret
societies. The people, he said, will not stand
the present conditions much longer, and if
thereis noreform inthe Governmenta revolution
is bound to come

“There were two regrettable incidents dur-
ing the prasent trouble.” sald Sheng. “One
Was the refusal of the Throne to issue an edict
for the exterminationof the Roxers and the
other was the beheading of membera of the
Teung-li-Yamen. He intimated that it was
still part of the original plan of the reformers
to get an Imperial edict ordering the extermm!
nation of the Boxers and granting permission
to catch and behead those members of the Lm-
perial clan who created the trouble”

The correspondent asked Director Sheng
when the greatest strength of the Boxera would
be attained. He replied) “When the Emperor
and Dowager Empresas favor the Boxers the
whole of China favors them; when they Issue
an edict for the extermination of these people
the Boxers will go home and the movement
will be ended.”

The correspondent asked what was his plan
of reformation Sheng replied: “Absolute
reform. The thing to do is to get an edict
first stating that this must be done and leave the
detalls for later work.”

Li Hung Chang will leave for Pekin to-mor
row on one of the steamers controlled by Sheng.
Prince Ching ts now at Pekin, but ts not author-
ized to carry on any negotiations without the
consent of Far) Li

BOXER TOWN BURNED.

TH Destroyed by Gen. Dorward'’s Colama
Other Towns Make Peace Offerings.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

TIENTSIN, Sept. 12.-The punitive expedi-
tion commanded by jen. Dorward has ococupled
Til! without opposition The three columna,
after atwodays'’ march, found the city had sur-
rendered to an officer and eight men of the
Bengal Lancers

Gen, Dorward ordered that the town should
be looted and burned

On the march the villages through which
the ullies passed made peace offerings and a
majority of them were not disturbed

The Boxers have apparently disbanded and
the country is quiet,

FOR Li HUNG CHANG,

Protection of French Forces Promised on His
Trip to the North.

Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.

From a Staff Correspondent,

SHANGHAI, Sept. 14, 10 P. M.-—France has
promised the protection of her warships and
soldiers to Li Hung Chang tn the north.’

The Emperor, the Dowager Empress and
the Chinese Court reached Talyuen-fu on Sept.
11 and are atill there.

Ii Hung Chang left here this afternoon on
the steamer Amping for Pekin by way of Taku.

ESCORT

The Maine at Wel-Hei-Wel.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 15.—The medica! officer on the
hospital ship Maine, which was equipped for
servioe in South Africa through the contribu-
tions of Americans and afterward went to
China, cables to the London Committee under
date of Wel-Hei-Wel, Sept. 13, that the vessel
has been ordered to remain at that port and
await the arrival there of sick and wounded.

 

TELEPHONE BURGLAR AGAIN,

This Time He Makes a Haul tn New Rochelle
—Robs Sands K. Gorham's House. )

New Rocueuie, N. Y., Sept. 15.—A burglar

 

 

who has robbed several houses recently in |

Yonkers, White Plains and Mount Vernon
went to-day to the home of Sands K. Gorham,
{n Pelham road, New Rochelle, and told the
servants that he had been sent to fix the tele-
phone. He was a young man about 20 years
old, with a smooth ehaven face and dark curly
hair. He wore a plaid cap and carried a #emall
telephone repair kit’ The servants took him

{n and gave him the liberty of the library, in
which is the telephone.

The burglar called the servants to his as-
sistance twice. Once he asked the way to the
bath fom, saying that he would have to take
the batterles out of the telephone and wash
them. He also borrowed a step ladder, osten-
sibly to get up to the ceiling to reach some of
the wires, but reailty he smuggled It up stairs
and placed It against the door of Mrs. Gor-
ham's room
and took all of her Jewelry
erty includes a diamond
a pais of diamond
ring and a_ pocketbook
hundred dollars. in enash

The missing prop-
studded wat« %
studs, a marquise
containing several
and checks. The

Then he got through the transom |

thief then ransacked the other sleeping rooms |

and collected about $1,000 worth of
He left his repair outfit behind and
hone connection of the house so that when

he Gorhams returned home they could not

call up the police
The thief is known as the telephone burglar,
and he always been successful because

no one in the houses he robbed suspected that
he was not what he represented himself to he.
In one house in Yonkers he stole nearly $5,000
worth of jewelry.

 

GOULD'S NIAGARA RETURNS.

The Steam Yacht Has Been Croising in Earo-
pean Waters for Several Months.
Howard Gould's steam yacht Niagara arrived
at Quarantine at 5:40 o'clock last night from
Southampton, She made the passage across

under, |
cut the tele- ;

the ocean in twelve days. She experienced |

variable winds, but had a plewsant voyage.
After passing Quarantine the Niagara proceeded
up the North River and anchored north of
Thirty-fourth street. Mr. and Mrs, Howard
Gould and a party of friends were on board

The Niagara sailed from this port on May 8
for an extended cruise in European water:
She touched at the Azores and then put into
Queenstown, After Mr, and Mrs.Gould and
their friends visited the Lakes of Killarney and
other piaces of interest in Ireland the Niagara
sailed for Southampton, and later on went to
Cherbourg. Mr. and Mrs. Gould made a short
trip to Paris to see the Exposition, and then t!
Niagara proceeded along the coast of Norway,
and later on a trip was made on the Baltic On
Aug. 17, while at Marsland, King Oscar of
Sweden was entertained on the yacht, and at
nearly every port touched various entertain-
ments weregiven

While on the way from Christiansand to
Bergen the vacht ran on the rocks, but after
several trials she was pulled off by bhugene
Higgina’s steam yacht Varuna. The Niagara
was towed to Bergen and putin dry dock for re-
pairs, The dock owners wanted to charee an
exorbitant price for the use of the dock, which
Mr. Gould refused to pay. He appealed to the
American Consul, and the matter was adjusted
satisfactorily.

   
 

 

 

Drowned. Nearly Dragging a Life Saver Down,

George Genderhardt, 19 years old, cf 635
Eagle avenue, was drowned yesterday at 150th
street and the Sound while swimming with
friends When it was seen that he was in dis-
tress Life Saver Murphy tried to save him
Genierhardt grasped him about the neck and
the life saver was nearly drowned. Gender-
bardt's body was not recovered.

| blo

. SEPTEMBER

16

SHOT A BISHOP'S DAUGHTER |

HELEN SOUTHGATE WAS THE S8UI-
CIDE BARBOUR'S COMPANION,

She Filed From the Hotel With His Ballet
Woand to Her Breast and Rode Two Miles
on a Trolley Carto Her Aunt's Home—Says
They Agreed to Die Together Because
They Cowda't Marry—She Will Recover,

Helen Southgate, the adopted daughter of |
the late Bishop Horatio Southgate of the Pro- |

testant Ppiscopal Church, was the young woman
who went to the St. Charles Hotel in Brooklyn
on Thursday night with Henry Groevenor Bar-
bour, son of the Rey. Henry M. Barbour of the
Church of the Beloved Disciple, {n Fast Fighty-
ninth street, and wasin a room with that young
inan when he killed himself. Miss Southgate
permitted Barbour to shoot her first, having
decided that she was perfectly willing to dle
with him, and before he alrned his
pistol at himself at all he sent aA
bullet into the girl's left breast, close
to the heart. The girl did not lore conselous-
ness,
bed, she saw Barbour place the murzie of the
revolver in his own mouth and pull the trig-
ger. Then she got up, dressed herself, held a

conversation with the porter, and finally slipped |

out of the hotel and rede almost two miles on
A trolley car to the home of her aunt, where
she went to bed, It was not until the loss of
dd began to weaken her and the fear of
death came over her that ehe summoned aid

Then she told a story of having shot herself by
accident Ireatment by a private physician
was not very successful, so she was taken to
the Seney Hospital, in that borough, where
she now is

In some way that the, will not divulge
the police heard that a young woman anawering

the description of the one who had been at the
St Hotel with young Barbour had
at the Seney Hospital suffering
rt time they

(harles
been reeeived

with a bullet wound. Ina very she

had cleared up the mystery, but it took them
the entire day to get any statement from Miss
Southgate While the would not deny her

identity and would not say that she was not
the woman who went to the hotel with Harbour
on the night of bis death, she refused to tell
anything about her own wound, save that it
was self-inflicted, and was the result of an ac-
cident. When her aunt went to the hospital
with a detective, Mise Southgate broke down
and said that aa long as the story was bound
to come out sooner or later she was ready to
tell the truth. In a very str@ightforward
manner she then told her story. She insisted,
however, that although ahe and Barbour had
gone to a room tomether, there was no im-
proper relations between them, and that they
had gone to the room for the sole purpose of
killing themselves. The only explanation for
the deed they planned which the girl would
furnish was that they wanted to wet married,

, 1900.-C0

 

|
|
|
|

} of her

tse

—-

 

PYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN

PRINTING

 

Rain to-day; fair to-morrow,

4

AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.—THIRTY PAGES,

 

 

eee ee

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

finn nor tn ft bad made aio of | FMPERTALISM DIDN'T WORK | (24 1## FasrasT noar Arcoar.! EXTENT OF COAL STRIKE:

everything he had tackled, and he went to Good
Ground to fish up a summer of idleness. He
and Miss Southgate renewed their friendship
and spent a great deal of time together. Neither
family looked on the apparently growing regard
of the young couple for one another with ap-
Frovel They put {t down as a summer firta-
fon, however, and thought no more of the
matter.

On Monday last Miss Southgate left Good
Ground and came to this city, ostensibly. to
visit friends Nothing was suanected by her
friends or relatives, despite the fact that young
Barbour left for town at almost the same time
The girl, having worked int his city, had made
many friends and had frequently spoken of
coming to town to visit some of them. She
went to her aunt's house in Second place and
there she was goon a number of tires by Bar-
bour. He called at the house frequently and
the two went out together.

Then came the tragedy in the St. Charles

Jotel, a small place at’ Myrtle avenue and
Jay street, Brooklyn, It was known that the
dead man had been there with a woman, and
the police made every effort to find the woman,
They got a good desoription of her from the
porter of the hotel who had seen and talked
to her, but they were unable to learn anything
Jentity or her whereabouts until the
Rev, Mr. Barbour came over and identified
the body of his son, He said he thought that

} the woman who had shared the room with his

As she was lying perfectly quiet on the |

eon was Mise Southgate, and he told the police

fo, but the name was kept a secret
from reporters, The pohee did not know
that she had an aunt jiving in Sec
/ ond place, The {dea that the woman had

been shot, too, did not occur to the police,
else they might have searched the hospitals,
Ihe fact that two chambers of the revolver
with which Barbour shot himself were empty,
while the traces of only one bullet eco te be
found, led them finally to adopt the theory
that the woman might have carried the secor
bullet out in her bods Finally word came
to them from a private source that Mias South-
wate was in the Seney Hospital She was
there under the name of Helen Parker,
acd the records showed that she had been re
moved in an ambulance from the house at 142
Second place At firat it was impossible to
get anything from the girl, as she refused to
huswer any que tions
her without any results and, as the doctors
refused to allow her to be questioned further
on account of her weakened condition, the
detectives were all at sea. Daniel M. Kelly,
lerk of the Brooklyn Board of Coroners, went
to the hospital to get Miss South@ate’s ante.
mortem statement, but she refused to make
any statement to him,
knew Barbour, Itwas DetectiveJames O' Rrien
of the Adams street station who finally went
to the Seeond place house and induced Mrs,
Shell, the girl's aunt, to go to the hospital with
him. When the girl saw her she broke down,
Mrs. Shell told her that she had better tell the
whole truth, as it was all bound to come out
anyway, Here is Miss Southgate’s account
of her relations with Barbour:

It is true that I am Heien South
that Lam the woman who was with

 
   

  

 

ate and
Mr. Bar-

bour in the St. Charles Hotel the night he killed
himself. He waa to have killed me, too, and
would have bat for an acctdent. It waa an
Agreement between us. Lhave known Mr. Bare

life, but I never knew him real well

bour all my

 

intil about two weeks ago We were at Good
| Ground together, and there we saw a good deal
of one another We walked together, sailed
and rode together, and grew to be fond of
one another His influence over me was great.
He hod not been very successful, in business,
and he was constantly talking sulcide. He
wanted me to die with him, and, I don't know
why, but wis quite willing to

but couldn't because young Barbour was poor,

out of work,and with no prospects of get-
tinga job
Barbour and
each other for years, but apparently were
never really well acquainted until this sum-
mer, when they met at Good Ground, L. I
Miss Southgate’s real name is Forbes. Bishop
Southgate knew her mother and father and

adopted her while he was living fo his coun-

Miss Southgate had known |
pr

so. He sald that wo had hetter go to
town some time and talk it over, and I agreed
to come, It was last Monday or Tuesday that
{ left Good Ground and came straight to my

do
i

aunt's house in Second place. [ spent my
time there unti) Wedges vay, when Mr. Bar-
bour came up from Good Ground and Jotned
me. He talked of sufei’e all the time. We

were in love, yet we could not marry, for he
coult not give me a home, and there was no
pect of his Improving his con {tlon. Our
relathons had always been honorable, and al-
ways would be. We deciied that life was not
worth living unless wa could have one another,

| and so when he sald that we could go to a hotel

try home at Astoria. Bishop Southgate was |

a recognized authority on Oriental subjects
and wrote 8 number of books on the Ortent,
He was for ten years in: harge of the Protestant-
Episcopal work in furkey and other parts
of the East,
to his place at Astoria to live. He had several
children, among them two sons who caused
him a great deal of trouble during his life.
His youngest son, William, was sued for heavy
damages by «a cigarmaker, who said that
the boy had allenated his wife's affec-
tions, and another son, Harry, after
marrying a Long Island girl, went to
England, where he and his wife were in-
volved in @ acandal which resulted in coun-
ter-suits for divorce, It was during these
troubles with two of his sons that the Bishop
took Helen Forbes Into his family. She was

He finally resigned and went |

| and talked the thing over for along time

and quietly kill ourselves, [ agreed to cdo it

“On Wednesday afternoon we went to the
St. Charles Hotel, 1 do not kaow where tt
is, for 1 had never been there before. Mr.

We sat [pn the parior
Then

nt ontand eame back again, oniv to taik
matter of death over more. We were

Barbour took me there

wew
the

| satisfied that we wanted to die together, but

legally adopted and her name was changed to |

that of the family who had given her a home,

The mother was anu opera singer and she
married a clergyman, who had a small church
in the West. When he died he left her penni-
less with @ daughter to support. Helen was
then only 8 years old. Bishop Southgate had

| was ready

known the child's father, and was aware of |

the impoverished condition of his widow, The

child was pretty and bright and the Bishop

adopted her because he was fond of her and in
order to relieve her mother of the burden of her
support. She was eiucated in the Bishop's
home by private tutors, and later was sent to
the Convent of the Visitation Sisterhood at
Washington, D. C. Particular attention was
paid to her musical eaucation, and she learned
to play well on the piano, organ and violin.
She also speaks several languages. After she
was avopted by Bishop Southgate her mother
married again and went to Nebraska to live.

ror seme reason we put it off until the next
day

‘We met again on Thursday and went to
a drug store where we bought some carbolly
acid. Mr. Barbour had a pistol which he had
brought up from Good Ground. It was broken
when he came up, but he had it fixed durin
the day while we walked around. He anid
it belonged to his aunt. We meant to make
the thing sure by taking the acid and then us-
ing the pistol, Mr. Barbour was to shoot me
first, and then himself, We went to the St.
Charles Hotel and there we took a room. We
had but little money and so had to take a cheap
Wehad afinal talk while we sat there

 

room

and Mr. Barbour ordered several drinks for
himself, I had oue milk puneb and nothing
elas. He took so many drinks that I thought
his courage was failing him and that he was

trying to make hirnself drunk

Finally he turned to me and asked me if I
1 said that | was, and asked him
where he wanted me to stand while he killed
me. He said that we had better lie down on
the bed as he could lean over and shoot me and
then kill himself. So 1 got on the side of the
hed near the wall. 1 loosened my clothes, tak-
ing off my corsets, so that the steel would not
deflect the bullet. Then 1 closed my eyes and
waited for him to kill me, 1 heard him get on
the bed, and then he put his hand over me and
held something hardagainst my breast. Iknew
it was the revolver, and 1 waited without fear,
Then he pulled the trigger, there was a report, 1
felt asharp pain and the blood came out on my
my hand, which I had put up to my* heart when
he fired) 1 waited a second and wondered
why | did not lose consciousness. Finally 1
opened my eyes and l6aw Mr. Barbour put the
end of the pistol in his mouth and fire. Then
the plato! dropped, and as 1 saw him dead, 1

| remembered for the firat time that we had for-

Helen Southwate developed into a beautiful |

woman, and otly a few years ago, when she
was knocked down and injured by a heavy
truck in Madison avenue, this city, she was
described as being a very beautiful woman.

The families of Southgate and Barbour, who
had known one another for years, were brought
closer together by the marriage of Hutchinson
Southgate, another son of the Bishop, to Miss

| seized

}; as

Barbour, a sister of the suicide, Henry Gros- |

venor Barbour. Helen Forbes Southgate and
young Barbour met occasionally and were
good enough friends, but never paid any pare

ticular attention to one another and had never | eo I got to my room and In bed without being

been regarded as sweethearta They saw
but little of one another until this summer.
It was two years ago that Miss South-
gate quarrelled with her foster mother.
The quarrel waa over the girl's religion While

at the convent she had embraced the Roman
Catholic faith. Mrs. Southwate tried to induce
her te forsake this faith for the one she had
been brought up in, This the girl declined to
do It was impossible to continue long in the
Southgate home under the circumstances,
and Helen declared that she would go back
to her mother. The young woman went to
Nebraska and visited her mother for a time
Last winter ¢he came East and spent some time
in Baltimore at the residence of the Rev. Edward
Southgate. During all of this time she never
Paw eury Barbour, and had, according to
her own Stor, forgotten his evistence

In the meantime Richard King Southga
another son of the Bishop, and Lis family h
taken A cottage about two miles from Good
Ground. His mother lived with him. Later
on Hutchinson Southgate, his wife and the Jat-
ter's father, the Rev. Henry M. Barbour, had
token a cottage alongside, while a third in the
vicinity had been taken by Dr. Robert Dis
brow of 46 East Kighty-second street, who is
a vestrvman in Dr. Barbour’s church. These
families have spent two summersthere, and but
for occasional messages the elder Mrs. South.
wate never heard from the young woman that
she and ber husband had adopted and brought
up until early in the present summer,
when the «irl wrote and asked her
foster mother i she would take her back again,
at least for ashort time, as wanted to cc
East to live. Mrs, Southgate, at the time

te

   

she me

the

girl left her, had bewun an action to have the
adoption of Helen Forbes declared null and
void, and forbid the girl the nse of the name
of Southgate, She had discontinued this ac

tion, however, and when she got this request

  

from her foster daugnter she sent on word
that she could come back any time, She
sent the Good Ground address to the girl and

invited her down there for the rest of
mer

Miss Southgate came to thie city, worked as
a governess for a time,and then went over to
Brooklyn to live with ber aunt, Mra Hester
Shell, at 182 Second place. From there she
went to Good Ground, where she was received
with open arms by her foster mother. At about
the same time Henry Grosvenor Barbour went
down to visit his sister and father. This w
about two weeks ago. Young Barbour had

the sum-

i taking a

gotten to take the carbolic acid

“I was afraid in the room with the body and
uuled the bell for the porter, meaning when
ee came up to tell him the whole story and
then wait for the police to come and arreat
me. I heard him coming up the hall and then
I was afraid that ‘he would come in
and aee the body. Suddenly I WAAR
with a desire to live and get
away, and when the porter came around a
turn in the hall LT closed the door all but a very
little and asked him what time it was. He

told me that it was ten minutes past 9 o'clock, |

I let him go away and then I dressed myself,
I did not try to help my wound atall. My idea
wae to get away from the room and the body
soon as could. ‘I siipped down
ataire and fot out without being seen, I think
I got on the first Smith street car that came
long and rode to Second place, from where
walked to my aunt's house. I met my aunt
in the hal) and spoke to her. She did not de-
tain me when TI said I must go right to hed,

discovered stayed there until 11 o'olock
when th pain became 80 severe that I callac
my uncle and told him that Thad accidently
shot myself He asked me no questions, but
sent for a doctor, who dressed the wound. T
stayed in my room under his treatment until
9 o'clock Friday night, when he suggested that
I go to the hospital. So lL came and here I am
That is the whole story of the affair, and there
is nothing elke T care to say about it.”

Miss Southeate’s wound is not a serious one,
although she will be weak for some time on
account of the loss of blood. The bullet struck
the left breast bone ot a point inst above the
apex. It partially enlintered the bone, and then

garnets course, stopped tn the
flesh. It Fs not yet been removed.

Funeral services over the body of young
Rarbour were held at 8 o'clock yesterday after-
noon in the rectory of the Chureh of the Re-

loved Disciples, 05 East Eighty-ninth street.
Neither Dr. Barbour nor the voung man's
mother was present. They remained upstairs
during the services. About twenty people

were present, including the dead man's thrae
risters and his brother. The Rev. John Ach-
worth, assistant rector of the church, con-
ducted the service, The interment was at

Kensico Cemetery.

Miss Southgate, according to her foster
brothers, has alwavs been = girl of trrepronch-
able character, and never a breath of acandal

Those who
that he was a roung

has attached to her name before
knew young Barbour say
man with verv pessimistic ideas He waa
embittered by his lack of suceesa in huetness
and was inclined to be morose and sullen

 

Missionaries (n the Two Kwongs Are Safe.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.—The Department of
State is in receipt of a deapatch from the Coneul
of the United States at Canton of Aug. 8, 1900,
from which the following is an extract

“Almost all of the 120 missionaries in the
Two Kwones, t> whom T addressed letters,
&c.. counselling them to take prompt measure
looking to the safety of themeelves and al
others in their respective localities, have wisely
and cheerfully followed my advice At my
instance Viceroy Li and acting Viceroy Tak
have placed guards over the vacant mission
stations, chapela and schools

 

Poland! Poland! Poland) Poland!
The purest natural spring water in the world. -~A@

Several detectives saw |

save to admit that she |

 

THR BRYAN
TO TRUSTS.

MANLEY,
SHIFT

Now,
MEN

SAYS
WILL

 

Chairman Hanna's Speechmaking Tour May
Take Him to Nebraska — Republicans
Are Waking Up--Nations Borrow of Us

Because We've Good Money to Lend,

The Hon. Joseph H. Manley, the Republican
hero of the recent election in Maine, arrived at
| the Fifth Avenue Hotel lastnight, His apart-
| ments in the hotel were filled with flowers sent

over from Republican Nat.onal Headquarters

asarecognition of Mr. Manley'’s efforts in the

Pine Tree State. Mr. Manley of course was

ereatly pleased at the tokens of esteem and re-

gard from his fellow o:mpalgners in Eastern

States. He said:

; “It appears to meas if the Bryan Democracy
| had beoome more or less disgusted with the
| issue of imperialism. The recent elections in

Vermont and Maine have demonstrated the ab-
eurdity of that lesue, Iam convinced that from
| Bryanites will take
| up trusts as their chief issue and at-
{tempt to befoz and fool the American
' people on that question. They have endeavored
| to amother the 16-to-1 freesilver issue. They
|
|
!

this time forth the

cannot do this, because all intelligent readers
of the newspapers are aware that that is the
| greatissue in this eampaign, just as it was in
1895. But for purposes of humbug the Bryan-
{tes in my estimation will now try to make
| trusta the issue of the campaign.”
Chairman Hanna of the Republican Natlonal
Committee had along talk yesterday over the
long-distance vlephone from (Chicago to New
York with Senator Scott and Frederick 6.
National Committeeman for the State
Mr. Ha‘na alao had @ long talk
over the ‘phone with the Hon. Cornetus N,
Bliss, treasurer of the committee. Mr. Manna
expecta to bein New York within a few uays
but will remain here only a short uma,
| for he contermoplates a soeechmaking tor in

| South Dakota Mr Hanna in the Ono
election a year ago made a reputation as @
speaker He talks right from the shouider
His remarks, according to professional poll-+
ticlans, are hot aAlwuys politic, but that makes
no difference to Mr. Hanna, who believes {tn
stating what he takes tobethetruth. It was
said also at Kepublican National Headquarters
yesterday that Senator Hanna tay take a run

Gibbs,
of New York

he

into “the enemy's country’ that is, the State
of Nebruaka :
Poatmaster-General (haries Emory ®mith

was at Kepublican headquarters yesterday
fe was greatly pl ased over the succesa of the
reat Republica: meeting in New York city on
friday night Mr Smithsad

There has evidently been a marked increase
of activity and interest among the businesa ren
and frienda of the Administration in this alty.
The political atmosphere here is quite different
now from what it was whenl last visited the
city a few weeks ag The New Yorkers are
waking up. sure enough. They are beginning to
see that their beat tnteres's are Unreatened b
| Mr. Bryan's candidacy, and they are combin ng
| eot them with the genuine old New York

 
 

seems to have changed decidedly for the bet-

ter during the Jast few days Apathy and
| overe niidence have been our only fear
from the firs and if these are over-
come all will be well. Do not understand

me to say that they have already been over-
| come, but only that there {s now a better pros-
| pect that they will be overcome in time. The
situation therefore has improved, but the ne-
cessity tor hard work and more w despread
activity still exists everywhere as before

Mr. Smith is to vielt Weet Virginia this week
for two days and after that he will make
speeches in Qhio and Indiana

Mr. Bliss also was delighted with the Repub-
lean meetings on Friday olgiu As a business
tnan he had something to say about the new
Geran joan which is now being taken up by
the American people Justaa the thrifty ones of
America took up the recent Engli-h loan.
“This s,ouldtnake us stil prouder of our
yresent financi’l standing among the nations,”
ne said, ‘andatill more determined to main-
tain it. Within a few weeks two of
reatest nations of Europe have come
here to borrow money. The United States
have suddenly become not oni a credi-
ltor nation but _the leading creditor
nation of the world. This is not merely because
we have money to lend, but also because our

 

money is sound money, cur mone'ary
| standard a oorrect one and our credit
| first-class Does any one suppose that
| these loans would have been floate

hereff Mr. Bryan had been elected four years
ago’? We would not have had any money to
lend, and would not have been asked to len:
any.’

MISS JEWETT HANGED IN EFFIGY.

 

 

Placard on the Figure, Fouod tna a Richmond
Park, Called Her South Hater.

Rrcumonp, Va, Sept. 15.--Farly risers saw a
strange sight this morning es they passed by
Monroe Park. From thelimbofatree, attached
to aastout rope, there hung the effigy of a woman
| drassed in white and black and exposing more
of a pair of white stockings than ts compatible
with the conventionalities. The first thought
of the keeper of the park was that some love-
lorn female had committed suicide, but a closer
view disclosed that it was a dummy ew!nging in
the breeze.

Upon the breast of a black shirt waist was
fastened a large placard bearing this inscrip-
tion

“Lilian Clayton Jewett, South hater and
negroes’ worst enemy.”

“A false witness shall not be unpunished,
and he that speaketh Hes shall perish. Pro-
verbs, xix, 9.”

In a short time a large crowd had gathered
around the effigy, and a running fire of com-
ment was indulged fn, the substance of which
waa that the young wornan was lucky to escape
with no more emphatio evidences of the dis-
approval of her methods. The effigy was
allowed to swing for some time, and waa in-
speoted by hundreds of people before being
cut down.

The presence of Miss Jewett here was highly
objectionable to the white people, many of
whom were heard to say that she should not
be permitted to remain in the city, but ®o great
{9 the respect felt for the gentler sex that no
discourteous conduct toward her would have
been tolerated for @ moment

 

CANADA'S NEW

COPYRIGHT ACT.

Provisions Much More Favorable
Authors Than Those of Previous Acts,

After many years of agitation onthe part of
British authors the Canadian Parliament, at the
seasion just closed, passed a new Copyright act,
in which all the features hitherto objected to
have been eliminated. It only remains now that
Lord Monks well's Copyright bill be pas-ed atthe
next session of the British Parliamentand the au
thors will rest conten!, their interests being | hen
adequately protected throughout the Empire
The passage of the Canadign act was brought
about largely through the Incorporated Society

'
| of Authors, whic sent its secretary to Ottawa
}
|

 

in the interest of the desired legislation. In the
new Cuinndian act the printing clause and
licensing methods ef former
b en prac ieally laid aside, and while giving the
Canadian publisher complete security where he
has contracted with an author for exclusive
right of publication in Canada, it does not
humper the author with any trade restrictions,

 

Libel on the Crew of the Craiser Chicago.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.¢The Navy Depart-
ment to-day made an official denial of an article
printed in the New York Herald la*t July sayin
that 20 marines of the cruser Chieago hac
been arres ed in Montevideo, Uruguay, for
ralaing a disturbance ashors. Capt. Rockwell's
attention was called to thearticle and he has
written a letter to Admiral Schley commanding
the South Atlantic station, denouncing the re-

| port as a malicious libel

Carl H. Schultz's Carbonated Waters are the
only pureand correct mineral waters manufactured.
— Ade.

E.aw.
BE. & W. Dress Shirts E. & W.
Linen of speotal weave.—Ade,

| to pro'e
enerzy and vim. Lam happy to say that Ihave
perceived similar evidences ” inereas d
activity in various other sections which |
I have recectly passed through, so
that the aspect of the Repyblican canvas

the |

| the subscribers paying alixpenoe a week a share

measures have |

Beats the Viper'’s Record of 43 Miles an Hour |
in an UnomMcial Trial.

Special Cable Deapaich to THe SUN

LONDON, Sept. 14—The torpedo boat de-
stroyer Viper's marvellous record of 43 miles
an hour has already been eclipsed, and the
fastest vessel in the world is now her
ship, the Cobra. The latter was built by
Armstrongs and is an exact duplicate of
Viper, which was built by Hawthorne, Leslie |
& Co, at thelr works at Newcastle. Both
have the turbine engines.

The contract apeed of each was 34 knots.
The Viper did 87.113 knots on July 1% The
Cobra, {nan unoffictal trial over the same course
at the mouth of the Tyne the other day, made
$7.7 knota, or 49.5 miles. Her engineers say
that she has not yet done her best, and that
they expect fully another knot. The Admiralty |
has now taken over the Cobra and official test
will shortly be made.

The detalls have been announced of two
monster liners which are being built for the
North German Lloyd, the Kalser Wilhelm IT. of
19,600 tonsa and 89,000 horse-power and the Kron |
Prinz Wilhelm of 15,000 tons and 83,000 horse- |

power.
A MONUMENT TO BARRY,

ister
the |

the

 

 

A pnoa,

Most Famons St. Bernard of Switzeriand With

a Record of 40 Lives Saved. |
Special Cable Despatch to THa SUN.

TLonnon, Sept. 15 monument is to be
erected on a mo.ntain in Switzerland to Barry, |

the moat famous of St. Bernard dogs. Barry
in ten vears saved forty lives. His most credit- |
able achievernent was when he found a child of |
ten years in the enow succombing to the fatal
slumber which precedes death. The dog frst |
warnied the child with its breath and Hoked it |
until {t awoke. Then by lying on his aide the |
dog gave the child an obvious invitation to ride. |
The child mounted on his back and Barry car-
ried it to the convent. The dog's death was |
due to the timidity of an unknown man who

fancied that his open mouth looked threaten! og

and hit the dog on the head, killing him.

 

FNGLISH COTTON MILUS' CLOSING.

Many Thousands of Operatives to Be Thrown
Out of Employment.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Lowpon, Sept. 15.--The effects of the cotton
crisis are now plainly visible, The Lancashire |
Federation's circular, recommending that all ;
{te members who are usera of American cot-
ton abstaln from working thelr mills for at
least twelve days during October, ts likely to

be generally supported

The mills are already closing down through-
out the country, Within a week many thou-
sands of operatives will be unemployed. Some
concerns are running part of thelr machinery,
while others are working but two days ina week.
But {n most eases the machines will not move
again until late in October or early in Novem-
ber. The fall In futures at Liverpool is at- |
tributed to speculators realizing |

Husiness te brisk among the users of Egyptian
cotton, the stock of which at Liverpool! ta 10,000 |
bales above the corresponding week in 1899
Some spinners who formerly used American
cotton are now turning to the Egyptian, but |

no relief is expected until the new American
crop arrives

The fear that this crop will not prove better
than that of 1800 Is the disturbing feature
Neill Bros, the well-known ootton statisticians,
estimate it at not more than 9,375,000 bales.
Manipulation bys peculatom: to keep up p-tces
may result in prolonging the crisis, and as the
advance in coal and general prices is steady,
industrial troubles in Lancashire may ensue

Otherwise six weeks of enforced idleness
would not seriously affect the Lancashire op-
erators, who are the most prosperous class
in England. Their union will grant to those
out of work 2 or 25 shillings weekly to each
family. Oldham may be taken as an example
of the prosperity of the cotton operators. Last
August eamall clubs were generally organized
by public-house keepers and similar persona,

throughout the year. These clubs pald out
£170,000 to Oldham operatives who spent it
on a holiday of a week or so.

PRESIDENT LOUBET'S AWARD.

Line of the New Frontier Between Colombia
and Costa Rica.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris 15.—President Joubet’s award |
to Colombia in the dispute with Costa Rica
decrees that the frontier shall be formed by |
the slope of the Cordilleras, which starts at Cape
Mona on the Atlantic Ocean and ancloses the
north valley of the Rio Teliri; thence to the
watershed between the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans to 9 degrees of latitude; thence to the
watershed between Chirlque Viegwo and affiu-
ente to the Gulf of Dules, ending at Point Bu-
rica on the Pacific. The islands on the Atlan-
tic east-southeast of Cape Mona, according
to the decision, belong to Colombia. All the
country west-northwest of the same point bo-
longs to Costa Rica. The Islands between |
the Mosquito Coast and the Isthmus of Panama, |
including the islands which were formerly the
possessions of ancient (Cartagena, are ceded to
Colombia. The decision also gives the Burica
Isles and all east of Burica Point to the same
country. All the islands situated west of Bu-
rica Point are ceded to Costa Rica

 

 

Sept.

|

DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT. |

Lord Salisbury Expected to Ask for Royal
Sanction on Monday.

Speciai Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lonpon, Sept. 15.—It is fully expected that at
the privy council at Balmoral on Monday |
Lord Salisbury will ask for royal sanction for
the dissolution of Parliament, and that tho
date will be announced a day ortwo later. No

one doubts that the present Government will
be returned by a substantial majority after
one of the quietest campaigns on record. This

of course {s due to the complete paralysis and
lack of leadership of the Liberals A greal
leader might easily make a close fight against
the Government, which within a year is sure
to suffer severe public condemnation for its
whole South African polley and record

NEW PLAGUE CASE IN GLASGOW.

 

Woman Hospital Cleaner Stricken Seventeen
Definite Cases Now.
Specta! Cable Desputeh to THR SUN |
GLASGOW, Seot. 15. -A woinan who was e-
ployed as a ward cleaner In one of the hospitals
has been stricken with the bubonic plague of a
mildtype, There are now seventeen definite
cases of the disease, one suspected case and 115
under observation

BODIES MIXED IN THE MORGUEY

One Shown to Edward French's Relatives as |
His Declared to Ke Some One Else.
Ejward French died in the Metropolitan
Hospital on Blackwell's Island on Wednes ay.
When he entered thé hospital on Aug. 19, sulffer-
ing from nepliritishesal i that his nearest friend

 

 

was Mrs. Matilia BDeiser, his slster, anc that she
lived in Forty-eighth atreet three doors west
of Ninth avenue. When French's body reached
the morgue Supt. O'Rourke notifled Mrs
elise die a her mother called at the
‘morgue ve \ ar they ceclared that the
hbouy shown to them as French’a waa not his
Jt ia no own if the dead man assumeds
French's name or if there waa a mix-up in
bo ies. Supt. O'Rourke will investigate

Dr. Bigiev, who is in eharge of the Lets opetl-

tan Hospital, said last nightth t there was no
chance for a mistake at the hosrpitala- French's
death had been separated from any other death
in the hospital by an interval of
forty-eight hours,

| lows
| Wanna,

| Western,

| sneady

| are shown.”

‘ trict

more than
Prescribed

WILL BE INVOLVED IN
WYOMING REGION,

These Men Mine 21,500,000 Tons of Coal a
In the Schuylkill! Region the Strike
Will Not Be Ceneral- Mines Being Pat ta
Order for a Shut-Down~— The Developments,

WILKEs-Banne, Pa, Sept. 16.--After @ care-
ful review of the entire anthracite region one
of the leading operators to-day gave his views
on the number of men who will respond to the
order to strike on Monday morning, He says;

“On Monday morning all the mines in Laoka-
wanna, Sullivan and Susquehanna and nearly
all in Luzerne counties will be closed and the
men idle. Not all of them will be on strike,
but the strikers will be in suffictent majority
to force out the men who are willing to work.
The operators will make no effort to run their col-
lleries unless {t chances that enough men will
work to operate them ful! or nearly full handed,
but this {s not expected. Most of the com-
panies as soon aa the strike takes effect will
close down their mines and will make no effort
to resume until the men are ready to return
to work. This region where the etrike will
be general employs about 86,000 men and mines

85,000 MEN

THE

Year

| about 21,500,000 tons of coal, divided as fol-

Luzerne county, 68,000 men; Lacka-
30,000, Susquehanna, 1,600, and Bulll-
van, 4) In lagerne and Lackawanna coun-
tles are eltuated most of the mines of the Le
high Valley, Lehigh and Wilkes-Barre, Dela-
ware and Hudson, Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western, Pennsylvania, Ontarto and
Susquehanna, Hillside, Soranton,

Temple Coa! and Lron and Jermyn companies
“The region where the United Mine Workers
are weakest is in Schuylkil, Northumber-
land, Columbia, Carbon and Dauphin counties,
employing 67,000 men; 388,000 in Sohuylkill,
15,000 in Northumberland, 6,000 tn Oarbon,
9,500 in Dauphin and 2,000 in Columbla, In
these counUes the men have not the game cer
ances os in the upper part of the ooal flelds,
They get pete by a different system and are
not so well organized. When the strike fails
it will probably fail firstin this region, orta
of late to complete the organization there
falled, and the following mines are expe
to work, according to reports 1 have reoetved
this afternoon; Philadelphia and Roading,
the largest producer; Lehigh Valley company,
all Schuylkill mines, Lehigh Coal and Naviga-
tion, Tamaqua mines, Susquehanna
Coal Company, Willlatn Penn Colliery,
Midvalley Coal Company, Mount Carmel, Burn-
“ide and Cameron at Shamokin, Enterprise
Coal Company at Alasku Mineral Mining Com-
any at Sharaokin, Lents, Lilly &Co. at Park
}; “6, Summit Branch at Lykens,_ Silverton
Coal Company at Minersville, Oak Hill Com-
yany at Minersville, Dodson & Co. at Kasha,
Villlam St. Clair Coal Company at St. Clair,
Vulcan Mines at Mahanoy City, Buck Mountain
Cou Company at Mahanoy City, Mill Creek

  

Coal Company at Mahanoy City, T. M. Righter
& Co

Robertson & Co, at
Jeddo, Upper Lehigh Company at Upper Le-
high,ond Creek Coal Compuny at Pond Creek,
Higidand Coal Company at Highland, Coxe
Bros. & Co. at Derringer, Coxe Broa, & Co,
at Gowen, Pardee & Co, at Lattimer, Van Wickle

any at Coleraine, Pardee & Co, at Beaver

at Mount Carmel,

 

( ne
| Meadow.”

lo-day the one bit of excitement In this Wy-
omine distri t was a wild dash through the
streets of Pittston by some hilarious driver boya
from the No, § and 10 mines of the Pennsylvania
Coal Company. They reported for work, got
their mules, and fifty eatrong, dashed through
the streets shouting and cheering, and visited
all the collleries In the neighborhood. Two
hours later they returned their mules and quit
work, The colifories were operated all day

although shorthanded, ‘The b.ster, Austin and
Sibley mines, where the men struck yesterday,
were idle, but all the other mines worked,

The menat the Mount Lookout yoioe of the
Temple tron Coal Wyoming and at the Wm, 4.
F. Connell Co, mine at Duryea went oug
at noon, but all the others up and down the
valley worked steadily, the men obeying the
orders of their chiefs to the letter. When they
left the mines this afternoon they carried their
tools and sald they would not return on Monday.
Company men made all snug as foon as Work
stopped and will be busy to-morrow arrangin
at each colliery for the shut-down, To-nigh
meetings of rnany of the looals were held and
new members took the oath, Masa meetings
will be held to-morrow in the open and on
Monday morning, and afternoon meetings of
all the looalsare called. To-day the operators
had only one thing to say. That w “Weare
quite prepared for a surfke and when the mines
ght down they will be closed until the men
aay they are ready to resume work. We shall
not recognize the United Mine Workers now
or at any other time.”

The meeting of the Brotherhood of Raflroad
Trainmen of the Lehigh Vallev which has nm
{n session four dara adiourned to der The
comunitteamen would give out nothing for
wiblieation. Thev will neither deny or affirm
Bh + avsertion that they will refuse to hand)
bituminous coal. A meeting of Delaware ap
Hudeon trainmen will be held at Parso ‘O-
rnorrow to consider how they oan aid the
atrikers
ident Nichols of thie district gave out

 

 
  

  

the fol'ow!ng statement to-dav:

“Public opinion is on our side and more
the question is discussed the clearer becomes
the fact that our wrongs should be hted,

The men in my district will all go out and I
don't expect a ton of coal will be mined In this
valley on Monday. The compantes will euffer
from this strike as much as the men, and
believe they cannot remain idle two months
without serious financial loas, I look for a
settlement of the strike when the
and determination of the miners

with the atrikers (s expected
in thia region, but the companies are quietly
gathering a number of men from. here and
t wtiem dewn to Hazleton and the Sha-

kin region, where the: will be enrolled among
Sherif? James Harvey

strength

No. trouble

  

 

the eval and iron nolice
wae eren this afternoon in reference to the
strike problem and said

I don't expect any trouble. T know the
miners well and belleve we can get along to-
gether without any dificult have not
sworn in © single deputy in connection with
the eoming «trike and hope T wi!) not need
any deputies. You can say, and mark my
words that before thie strike trouble is over
the miners will find me a better friend to ther

than this wan Benjamin James, the organizer.

“WASHERIES' MAY SHUT DOWN.

 

 

Thts Will Cripple Scranton Industries De
pendent Upon the Use of Calm,

Scranvon, Pa., Sept. 18.—The coal atrike
situation in district No. 1, which comprises
Lackawanna couaty, Ughtened up to-day and
few except every colliery in the dis
down. The Lackawanna cok
initiative on Thursday and the
followed to-day. Nearly

ail ite rmines Those of the Hill-
side Coal and Iron Company and the Temple

with
was shut
lierias took t
Delaware and Huds«

were closed

‘Iron Company followed sult, making about
forty mines in all, with a total employment
of abo tweaty thousand men and boys. Ia

many of the places the tie-up has been precip-
tated by the boys inside the mines refusing
to work
it ia now sald that the operators are deter
» keep the washertea in operation, but
aime kers ust as determined that
they shall not and have taken steps in that
organizing the men employed at
the washer Some of the washeries will
work for a few days The closing
greatly affect this

mined t

are
direction by
is.
probal

t)

down of the washeries wil

' eit Many of the big industries here use the

 

washed culm extensively The electric light
‘ panies, the steam heat company and the
Serant uilway Company all use culm. §Se
far as can be learned they have not @ great

quantity in stock and if the strike is projoagee
ruy have to shut down, greatly increasing

leaving the elty ip

    

number of ide men anc
darkuess, ‘The Diekson Manufacturing Come
len Kes the culm extensively. I@ te
“i that this company has enough
of the culm on hand to last a month If the

rer than that they will aleo be

 

 

 

atrike lasts lor
foreed to close down

National oflceer Dilcher has issued an ordet
calling upon men emplored at the various
washeries to cease work on Monday, and he
is confident they i respond. He said to-day
the washeries would tive to close down

If we ea do it any other way.” sald Mr
Pileher weow t t} ver of the courte
That culm | es to tl Hie mined i
and waa never paid a or it. Why fen't it
his rather than the o; If they per.

 

a
Poland Water Leads Ali.
by 5,000 physieiana—Ada