aa

 

  

     

WAR'S TRAIL TO TIENTSIN,

PEIHO'S COURSE MARKED BY DEAD
MEN AND BURNING VILLAGES.

Devastation Left by the Allies From the Taku
Forts to Tientsin—Trip Up the Tortaous
River~—Looting « Alleged Cruelty of t
Russians— Allied Forces trasted- Ball
Whistiing and Fire Raging at Tientsin.

From a Staff Correspondent of THE SUN.
‘rENTSIN, June 20—When the Yorktown

@ame upto the anchorage off Taku on the morn-

ing of June 27 she made the twenty -ninth war-

ship there. Flags of eight nations flew from
their staff« Four trucks sported the flags of

Admirals. Away off on the horizon was a

low-lying line of dirty brown. ‘There, they

eaid, were the Taku forts. Nothing else was
fe sight excep! a few transports Nowhere
was land visible. It seemed like anchoring
out at sea
by the tresh breeze, and it took some tine and
core to transfer to the flagship. She was the

 
    

 

nan i ee nei

§ rough sea bad been kicked up |

'

same Newark we had seen in the Philippines,

but things were very different aboard her. The
dackies that used to be swarming about were
represented by only here and there @ man,
In the warcroom it was worse. One did pot
need to be told that alanding party was ashore

Ou the Newark they told us the story of the
tuking of the Taku forts [lt seemns there war
a meeting of the senior officers of Che various
fleets on the afternoon of Friday, June
which the proposition was first advanced Ad-
miral Kempf held
that up to that time the allied forces had had
nothing to do with anybody but Bosers, and
that to make a demand for the surrender of
the forts would be an act of war against China,
and as such likely to involve us with the Im-
perial troops. Matters bad not yet gone far

enough in his Judgment to warrant the Powers
Chinese

lout

was opposed to it lie

in thus precipitating war with the

Iimpire. There was no doubt of the «reat
menace the forts were, a8 matters stor d, but
at that time thelmperial forces, in form at least,
were attempting to suppress the Boxers The
meeting adjourned without agreeing on the
demand. ‘There was another meeting, which

 

resulted in a demand on the Chinese commu ander
to surrender the forts at 2 o'clock on the next
morning, Saturday, June 16 Adimiral Kempf
did not sign it. The ultimatum of the naval
commanders was delivered by @& Kussiat
tain. The Chinese commander replied
as he was not supreme in the distriet he could
not give any answer Then he asked the Rus
sian Why do you wish to imnake war upon us?"

lhe Russian was compelled to answer that
it was not in his province to enter into any
He went away, aud

(ap
that

discussion of the matter
that night before the time of the ultimatum
had expired, as all the world knows now, the
Chinese opened fire on the gunboats lying tn
the river. After that it could only be by the
niost apparent and absurd fiction that there
should be any insistance that the
against the Boxers and not against China

war was

tHE MUD FORTS OF TAKE
4i vso A. M. on
to say that

@angwayv at 3250
lying about seven miles off the Taku bar. If

June 28 the orderiv
the launch would be ready at the
The ships of the fleet were

you do not make the tide vou do net get across,
therefore it hehooves vou to go when the tide
DPaviiaht of a and
morning breaking when the launch
left the ship's side. For the better part of an
hour we sieamed in toward the lightship be-
fore we began to raise the brown streak which
we had from the deck of the Newark,
and which they had told us was the forts. They
didn't look a bit like what L had thought they
would. There was nothing at all like the forte
we used to read about in the old story books
One naturally thinks that a real, @enuine fort,
capable of making a hard flabt, will be an im-
posing structure, with plenty of stone around,
hut these forts are nothing bur mud
brown sun-driedinnd, mixed with straw

As you come tute tne mouth of the river
they stretch away on each hand, long, sloping
walle with huge black guns mounted on top
Nothing protects the guns. Nothing is needed.
If they were well served nothing ever could
come near enough to them to be of any serious
importance, At extreme high water only
ships of small draught can get over the bar, and
at ebb slack it is diffleul! for launches
dozen litrle gunboats lying under

serves clear beautiful

was jtist

seen

yellowish

the forts

came |

The half |

in the river did not mount a gun bigger than |

f-ineh Thev were absolutely at the merey
of the forts, except that the gunners in the
forts were Chinese. If those gunners had |

heen anything like as skilful as those about
Tientsin, the tale would have been different
First evidences of the flight came in the shape
of the great scars on the walls of the forts The
little gunboats shot well, and in one of the north
forts there were two places badly torn up bys
explosions What a picture they made as the
launch steamed in between them in the earls
morning’ One flag and another
Japanese on this wall, Russians there, Germans
Just bevond and farther away the British if

here there

there had only be light enough for a picture,
and if, too, there had been a camera large
enough! Inside the mouth of the river other

evidences began to show; these not so pleasant
to see; dead men lying along the banks utterly
unheeded because they had heen Chinese

The Pei River is one of the crookedest things
even in China, and from Taku at the mouth
up to Toneku, where the railroad begins, tt is
several miles by water though littl more than
one bs crowflight. Just by the railroad station
there is a straight stretch of perhaps a quarter
of a mile. Here the gunboats that had made
the fight were lying. They still hadtheham-
mock rolls and sandbags piled up about their
upper works, which had served as some pro-
tection to the gunners on the night of the fight
Here and there was the mark of a shell but
most of the signs of battle had been removed.
The old Monocacy, with one of her boats stove
and a hole in her bow, lay directly opposite the
station, and although it was so early, men of
half a dozen nationalities
over the gangplank She
distilling for everybody By the titne we
had got our luggage transferred fromthe launch
to the Monocacy and had had a chance to say
“How-dvye-do” to her oflcers we had learned
that there would be a chance to get on to Tien-
tsinthat morning, We had heard on the Newark
of the relief of the Seymour party, but now we
heard for the first time of the wounding of Capt
MeCalla, but with no more details than that the

were
water

acrambling
after was

there

wound was not serious They didn't even
know in Tongku that he had been hit more
than once The allied Admirals had appointed

Capt Wise to be commandant of the yard,
and there was more work for the Monocaey tha
there were men to do it

TOOTING BY THE RUSSIANS

longku is a collection of mud huts with
a few decent buildings of brick and stone for

the railroad, and half a dozen others for the

use of other foreigners who have business
of ote sort or another in Tongku The river
i* lined with villages of mud hute, built of ex-
activ the same material as the forts at. the
river mouth The railroad, though largely
equipped with American material, is built
oo the English and German plan. The ward

and station buildings are, or rather were, just
such as you can see almost @uywhere in ku-
rope vou’ the vard troops were going back
and forth, making vreparation for the journey
to this town. Two «mall
ivi alongside the wharf
them the Russians
slings and forage in bales In the vard were
great piles of army equipment, mostly be-
longing to the Russians. There were all kinds
of tools for intrenching and camp making
and rows of portable camp ovens set up on
trucks, boilers rigged in the same way, heavy
two-wheeled carts, tents, harness and gear
of all kinds, Hard at work on the transports
Watching the stuff piled about, standing guard
here and there, or busily

transports
and from
hoisting

were

one of
were

looting some of the

vars of frei@bt that had been caneht ir the
yard by the sudden outbreak. were the Rus-
hans, White-coated and whites ipped, a mark
for a bullet as far as it. nuld be fired They

@re sturdy, stocks
ed and fuirehy

fellow,

ired

host of

them blue-

hey are unutterably

 

horses in |

 

dirty, almost worse than the French. Top
boots have never seen a brush or polish of
any sort; black trousers look as if once put
on they are never taken off; tunics spotted
and amutched with never an attempt at clean-
ing. But they are big, husky, good-natured
fellows and they look as {f they could give
a very serious account of themselves if it came
to a Severe action

On a siding between the roundhouse and the
station stood a big building with a sign in front
of it saying that it was the office of the wharf-
master, Its lower floors had been nsed as a
godown and the top side had been the offices
of the railroad men. In front of it stood three
ears that had been loaded with a lot of trinkets
for some Chinese merchant in Tientsin, ‘The
Hussians had made a sorry wreck of the goods,
Boxes were strewn around and broken open, the
contents flung on the ground in all directions
There were hundreds of little boxes of buttons
made of brass highly polished. The Russians
seemed to think they were gold, for they were
fling their capacious pockets with the stuff
There were piles of firecrackers and yards and
sarde of red paper ribbon, Great squares ol
red and vellow paper were scattered about and
boyes of tinsel peacock feathers. Capt, Wise
finally puta guard over the stuff; but there wis
nothina: left of any value, if Indeed there had
ever been any such thing
in the offlees of the railroad inen,
The

Lypstars,
there wae A sight to make a man angry,
fine plans and drawings of the road were all about
the floors. maps had been teken from their racks
Many of them hud been
wantonly survey records had
been destroyed, books torn up and their leaves
seattered about, [t was all useless, wanton
vundalisn:. Account books and records had
heen so inutilnted that in some departments of
the road work will have to begin all over again
when thietrouble is settled

and scattered abou!

forn to pieces

THE TRIM JAPANESE

In sharp contrast to the Russians were the
little Japanese soldiers and sailors, who were
about the yard and getting ready
Vientsin on the train that was about
to start, They spick-and-span
‘men on service that could be imagined, There
uniform. ‘They stood
stratght as if they had rods in their
backs, and they carried their heavy pac ks
with an ease that made the Americans envious,
lheir equipment was astonishing, It was care
ried on their backs in the old-fashioned knap-
sack. [1 included a new pair of heavy hob-
nailed extra trousers and a new coat
and topeoat, On top of this was the pair of
field glasses that is part of the outfit of every
Some of the Japanese carry
water bottles of

trotting
toe come to
were the most
waen't a spot ob any

up as

shoes

Japanese soldier
funny littl narrow-necked
wlass covered with Jeather, but others have a
like the big, satisfactory affair
use, from whieh a full-sized mana
he is thirsty. Where the
rations | have not yet
inside the knapsack,
place. They are
very much
serie

canteen touch
the Arnericans
can weta drivk wher
earry their
unless it fs
which is a unhandy
good-natured, jolly little fellows
in earnest They take themselves very
ously, andin spite of their anties, whieh incline
the average Westerner to smile a bit, they look
they would make it very uncomfortable
for the other side, whoever might be on if
There is a different theory of discipline in the
dapanese Army and inthe Russian. The Rus-
sian officers stood about the vard and saw their
men going throngh everything they could
find, and said never a word to stop them. The
little Japanese soldiers looked on as if they, too,
would like so much to have a chance at the
boxes and hales, but they didn't dare to loot
while their officers were in sight

Japanese
discovered,

miost

aa if

STORIES OF RUASIAN CRUELTY

Onty Russian and Japanese troops were busy
about the Tongku vard. Frenehand Americans

were expected aft almost any tine Some
German sailormen were at work getting up
supplies, and French, Austrians and Italians

had detachments there to see to their communi-
cations as well as Americans and British. On
every hand one heard the same stories of the
erneltr of the Russians, Coasack and Mongol
were equally concerned Jt seemed that their
«fficers either could not stop them or had no
inclination to do so. They coolfes on
sight, apparently just for the amusement of
it Their favorite sport was to stone the Chi-
into the river and wateh them drown
Two or threes times they were stopped by our
officers from the Monocacy, but the latter
could not keep watel on them all the time
In and about Tongku the different forces had
managed to get hold of several tugs and launches
big lizhters, and already they were

shot

nese

with some

river service to Tientsin Capt
a big tug and a vacht-looking

well

organizing a
Wise had
fair which does very
of them pretty well up the river
torpedo destroyer Fan
and destroved a Chinese fort a few miles above

weived
and had sent one
The British
had gone up the river

Tongku, so that except for snipers the way was
fairly The railroad had been torn up
about eight miles from Tientain Everything
was sent up that far by rail and then hauled
two miles across country to the river where the
tugs taken here went down and got the goods
Hatlhead is only eight miles away by land
but by river it is twenty-seven, so that it is a
long and tedious process 10 get ip supplies

We came up on the train with the Japanese
and at railhead found a conglomeraie camy
On one side of the road were the Japanese who
had undertaken the work of reconstruction
from that point On the other side were some
Germans @ arding T @ boxes
and barrels and bundles were piled about in
heaps with disconso late looking German sailors
and marines sitting around and looking at them
Just beyond the Germans was a heap of Russian
stuff and ahead of that the Japanese began to
unload their supplies) They hustled the stuff
off the cars very quickly and when they had
it all piled up the largest part of the heap was
seep to be American canned beef

elear

sone Stores

AT RAILHEAD

Railbead was at a bridge over a canal which
ran toward the river at right angles to the
track There was very little water in the
canal so that it was easier to get the supplies
down the two miles to the river by cart than by
boat
torn up. Most of the sleepers had been carried
away or burned up and the rails had been hent
and twisted out of all possibility of usefulness
On the river side of the track, stretched along the
eanal, camp of the British There
were engineers who were to take charge of the
work of reconstruction, Sikhs of the Royal
4 jatic Artillery, Pathans and Punjaubis of the
Hong Kong reciment, Chinese of the Wei-Hei-
Wei regiment,Royal Welsh Fusiliers and detach-
ments of the Ordnance and Army Service
corps. Inthe piles of goods they were guarding
there was everything that could possibly be
needed by a soldier of any of these various kinds
Wabbling about on top of the canal dike on their
way down to the river were a string of carts
taking stuff to the tug that was waiting for the
afternoon tide to get itup to Tientsin

Here was Tommy Atkina on active service,
and the first brief glance was enough to show
has heen so strenuously denied by the
Britishers one meets in this part of the world,
that Tommy on parade, or on liberty in one of
his garrison and Tommy in the fleld
are two very different persons in appearance
The Fnelithmen of the extremely superior
order in Manila have been fond of
poking fun at our there on account of
their appearance and of comparing them with
the smart Tommies one sees about the streets
in Hong Kong, to the great disadvantage of the
Americans [ have been about the Philippines
with our men a great deal and have seen them
on all sorts of service, but [ never saw them so
dirty fellows at railhead., and there
never was an American camp in the Philippines
so slovenly and ill-kept as this one

From Tongku to railhead the country had

was the

what

towns,

who live

men

as these

been laid waste absolutely \s far as the
glosses would reach there was not a house
that had not been burned or tumbled down
Only three men were seen in the flelde in all the

way and the guards on the train shot at them
Along the canal from railhead to the river
everything was destroyed, the vegetable gar-
dens had been trampled down and there wasn't

Beyond the bridge the road was badly |

  

 

| Tlentain

|

|

|

|

whole story had been even roughly sketched
‘

|

C7

a chicken left. Foraging would be difficult
business in that country.

FIRE AND DEATH ALONG THE RIVER

{t was 4 o'clock fn the afternoon when the
American tug that left Tongku in the morning
came along. The British tug that had been at
the river end of the railhead canal had taken on
a fearful load of all sorts and conditions of men,
animals and things and struggled off toward |
Our tug came in toward the bank |
and stopped. ft had two Garman boats in tow
One of therm came in for us and in 4 few minutes
we were on up the river. The river winds
more than the most wriggly shake you could
imagine {ts water is about the coler and
consistency of that of the Missourt: The bank
is low on each side and much of the way has
been strengthened by a levee, Villages of
mud huts line its coutse

Off to the northward column afrer column
of amoke was rising, which thosé who had been
up to Tientsin before said came from the city
aud from the arsenal which had been taken
the day before by the allled forces. All the
afternoon this smoke filled the sky and when
evening came there were dozens of fires Haht-
ing up the whole country, The smoke settled
down toward evening like the late afternoon
haze of an Indian sunmer afternoon at home. |

Ax the tue slowly crawled up the tortuous
river one horrible spectacle was repeated over
and over again. Both banks were literally |
lined with the bodies of Chinamen and all the |

'
'

way droves of mangy, miserable dows had
taken the place of vultures

Occasionally we passed alot of junks or huge
sumpaéos tied up near the bank inabend Some-
times they seemed quite deserted, but here
aud there a lone Chinaman poked his head |
up from behind cover on one of the boats and
sullenly eved the invading foreign devils, Once
we saw a man riding & horse along the bank
not very farfrom the tug. He carried a big |
sword by his side, and the opinion was weneral |
that be was atleast asoldier if not anofficer. So
the rifles were brought out and some of the men
uthim. It was a diMoult

on the tug took a shot
but he knew when the first rifle cracked
that he was the target and he got off the horse
Then he tried to

short

|
with au astonishing leap }
persuade the horse to wo with him down a steep }
bank behind a wall of mud, but the horse didn’t |
want to go. ‘The man stuck to itfor about
a minute and theu when two or three more
bullets came singing very close he gave it up |
and Jumped down alone, Some coolies working |
in a fleld very near heard the shooting, looked |
and went on

up to see what it was all about

with their work undisturbed

BLOCK ON THE HIVES

We had passed the British tug that started
ahead of us and were just below Tientsin, It!
was well after sundown, We came around
a turn in the river that was so sharp that we
had to stop the engines to make it, and there \
ahead of 4 was a steamer lying athwart the |
stream and completely blocking the way on
each side of us was a village on fire. We didn't
know where our fellows were or where the
enemy was, and had no idea as to the origin |
of the fires. ‘To the whistle from the tug the
steamer gave no answer, although we could
see plainly that she had steam up. We went
along slowly and kept whistling, but still there
response At last we that her
propeller moving and that apparentiv
she was aground and making an elfort to get
on A little further on and
officer on the bank. First we saw hin
we heard hin talking good, emphatic Enalish
There was no denying his earnesiness He |
was damning the captain of the steamer and
everbody aboard her Here his steamer with
wounded men on board was waiting to get by
the big fellow and couldn't move until she was
out of the way The steamer aground was the
Taiping, ariver and coast boat which makes
the run regularly between some of the coast
ports and She had heen caught up
here by the row and now was trying at the first
oppertunity to wet down again with a load of
refugees, She had been aground all day and
the tide had now swung her acrosa the river,
hlocking the war eomopletelr. The officer on
the bank raved and awore, and finally
literally to curse the Taiping out of the yay,
for she swung to one side and thera was dan:
for the steamer and lighter with the wounded
The tide had turned us head down
the stream and for an hour we had to struggle
in cramped room to get headed upagain. When
ne made it, the coxewain in charge of the two
German boats in tow had lest of them
Tt was now dark and there was no telling what
had become of the German. The skipper of
the tug refused to wait and on we went
now as if evervthi

The whole heaven was filled
and hand the flaniws
were leaping up. We passed through a mile
of fire, each hank of the river blazing away
merrily, and came sudden'y on a pontoon bridge
a Russian standing guard. The
tug stopped and nosed up to the bridge, hore
a line out and proceeded to tie up. Then
came the Russian and forbade it That did
make the skipper angry Here he wasloaded up
with Russian ammunition and with German
boats in and not a pound of American
stores aboard The German had bothered him
all the way up and now the Russkl would not
let him tie up. There was some parleying
and then came two American officers who
simply took the line and made {t fast while the
Russian sentry stood by and protested. We
were in ‘Tien‘sin

To the right and the left, and in front, rifles
were popping steadily and bullets whistled
about the bridae ‘Snipers,” answered the
officers to our question as to what was going on,
Volumes could not explain it better, Up a
stree* lined on the river side with huge barri-
endesa and protected at every cross street hy
similar breast works we went to the headquarters
of the American forces and found Major Waller
in command of the marines, still up to his eves
with business although it was nearly 11 o'clock
Then there was all the tale to hear of the relief
of Tientsin by these chaps, and after that of
the siege of Tientsin, from the chaps who had
stayed, and after that and best of all, of the
Pekin expedition from some of those who had
heen along, and of the extraordinarily gallant
conduct of our officers, especially of Capt.
MeCalla who was hit four times and of young
Cadet Taussig who got a terrible wound in the
hip and never for aminute lost hissmile. These
were the tales of men who had done things,
told with exasperating simplicity and lack of
detail. Yet brief as they were it was well
on in the morning before the first outline of the

Was no saw

was

we made out an
then

fientsin

to get by

one

It seeme |
must be on fire

with the glow on every

with oldier

tow

IN A CELL WITH BUMBLE

BEES.

It Was a Cell They Didn't Bulld, bat They Re-
sented Intrusion All the Same.
From the Chicago Record
Macon, Mo, Sept. 5—The town of La Plata,
Macon county, has been sued for $5,000 by John |
Bunch, a farmer living near that town, for per-
sonal in uries occasioned by a viclent and con-
tinual attack of bumble bees while the plaintiff
wasan inmate of the town calaboose on the 23d
of August
The fair was running at La Plato that week,
aed Mr. Bunch, who is a very old man, was
locked up for some slight infraction of the
rules As soon as the door Was fastened the
jailer went to the races and Mr. Bunch was
left to himself; but he soon found there were
other tenants in the cell besides himself, and
his intrusion was sharply resented. The other
ailbirds’ were alarge and active colony of

bumble bees Punch picked up a stick and
fought them off the best he could, but they were
nosuch #tea! numbers that his efforts were
unavailing They stung him over the eyes
and he was soon blinded from the swelling and
could do nothing but strike at random. Seme
of the insects got in his meuth as he eried ter
help and stung him so badly could hardly
breathe. He was altacked on every exposed
portion of the body, awd many of his termentors
got down in his clothing and Toamed about at
their own aweet will.

Bunch e dured this torture fer nine hours

and had about lost conselousnesa when the |
jailer got back. Tt took the hardest sort of |
work by two physicians before Bunch could

be brought around and the swelling counter-
acted. In his suit he charges that the town
officials showed criminal carelessness in per-
mitting the bees to build their next in the cell

; tO bis call when he was attacked.

and in not having some one on hand to reepond |

, dered

seemed |

gin Tienstetn |

 

THIRST OF THE SOLDIER.

 

A NEW PROBLEM PRESENTED BY

 

to Get Water—Man’s Ability to Get Along

With Little Water—Scientific Views of Ihirst

~Adyice About Drinking in Hot Climates, |

LONDON, Bept. 1,—Next to that of transpor- |
tation the hardest problem in moving the Brit-
ish army across the South African veldt has |
been to cope with the thirst of man, Notin
the mareh alone, but while lying in the firing
line through a hot day the test has been more
than many could endure. Certainly hundreds |
of deaths have been due to attacks on a river-
bed held by Boers, when the struggle lasted
through hours with the attackers on their faces
waiting for a chance to rush for the cover of
the bank. The agony of thirst was too much
and every now and then a man would jump
up. tush madly far water only to be shot dead
in the open before he could get there.

{t is @ question that has evidently forced
itwelf on the troops that marched to Pekin,
{n future warfare where the area of conflict
ix great and the water supply small, no mate
ter in the transport of troops can be more im-
portant, Food rations can be carried with
the column, but scarcely water. A staff cor-
respondent of fuk SUN who went with the Brit-
ish troops to Pretoria is convinced that very
much can be done in the way of going without
water, Men can school themselves into en-
during long hot days without drinking water,
but it fs not a habit that can be acquired by
the mere willing of it. He has seen the High-
lund Brigade in an early morning having to |

 

walt till some pieces of artillery were taken
across a drift and until their transport was
inapanned, the men waiting in their ranks
with thelr water bottles full. They had had |
their coffee Jess than an hour before, but io
the idleness of standing many of them emptied |
their bottles, In four hours, toward the end
of their day's march, the same men would be
lying unconscious and exhausted on the veldt,
wrasping convulsively at their kilt waist bands
and their throats, almost dying of thirst, Later
in the campaign the same men have done much |
harder marching without water bottles at all,
Some interesting scientific explanations have
been given by medical men and travellers
in a controversy in the Times on this subject
of artificial thirst.
One writer practically assents to the as- |
|
|

sumption that “the ordinary habits of the
classes from which private soldiers are com-
monly derived are such as to render them
unwuaturally desirous of swallowing fluid at
short intervals, and unnaturally impatient
at the absence of opportunities for such in-
dulgence. ‘The alleged result is that they
lose self control under the influence of their |
so-called thirst, and drink eagerly, without |
any real necessity, of any foul water which
may come in their way during a march or an
engagement, To this practice a certain pro-
portion of the enterfe fever and dysentery

Which have prevailed in South Africa may
be attributed, In order to judge of the ques-
tion fairly, it is neceasary to remember that |

the word ‘thirst’ is commonly used to express
two entirely different conditions-—-the condi-
tion in whieh the mouth and throat are ren-
uncomfortable by dryneas of their usnu-
ally moist surfaces, and the condition in which
the fluids of the body have ceased to hold their
due proportion to the solids, and in which
the performance of many functions important
to life and health is seriously interfered with
Dryness of the mouth is a matter of small im-

portance
ments of the body soon leads, through agoniz-
ing distress, to painful death. Such a con-
dition, however, is guarded against by many
modifications of function, and is not very speed-
ily produced. Fifty or sixty years ago come
plete abstinence from fluid for two or three
days was frequently prescribed as an effective
cure for severe ‘cold in the head,’ and full ac-
counts of this ‘dry treatment.’ as it waa called,
may be found in the writings of the physi-
clans of that day

“While the functions of vitalorgans cannot be

| earried on without a sufficiency of fluid in the

hody, yet, on the other hand, these functions
would be seriously hindered by excess; and
hence, as an excess is often supplied, corres-
ponding facilities for its removal are necessary
and are easily brought into play

The correspondence on the subject contained
some interesting letters from acknowledged
authorities Dr Joseph Kidd writes

To drink ‘the right thing at the right time’ ta
often wrong, through mistake in the mode of
taking it In our ordinary life nature requires
five tumblerfuls of fluid in the twenty-four hours
to carry on the circulation of the blood through
the lungs, kidneys, skin, 4c, During het
weather the need is increased to at least six or
seven tumblers in the twenty-four hours

In hot weather the wise man resists taking
much fluid at the reaular meals Tosiptwoor
four tumblers of fluid on an empty stomach is
most helpful Tt anticipates thirst at meal
times, and meets the need of the skin and kid-
nevs

‘Taken in small quantities it satisfies the dry- |
ness of mouth and throat, and does not irritate
the delicate mucous membrane of the stomach
Of this we have a most perfect illustration In

_ the experience of Dr. Beaumont, a distinguished

American physician

“4 Canadian hunter, through an accident,
got a wound in the front of his stomach
Through this opening Dr. Beaumont watched
for many months the process of digestion. On
giving an ordinary meal with a moderate
amount of drink, he could see a multitude of
glands in the stomach throwing out little drops
of white fluid--the gastric juice and a slow
moving of the stomach from left to right. Af-
ter observing this process for an hour he gave
the man atumbler of water todrink. In about
five minutes he saw the dots of white fluid be-
win to cease and the movement of the stomach
from left to right to cease; gradually the tum-
bler of water was swept up by the absorbents
and then and not till then the white drops of
gastric juice again poured out.”

Prof. Flinders Petrie says: “At. tempera-
tures of 100 degrees and over a gallon of drink-
ing water a day is fairly requisite, but the time
of taking it is all important. The opportunity
to wash out muscular waste, without too much
loss by the akin, is at night. After sunset as
much water as possible should be taken, and |
throughout the night water should always be
at hand. After freely drinking thus, there is
nothing left to eliminate in the morning, and |
no need of water will be felt in less than five
or six hours of hot exercise. During the day
as little as possible should be taken, as it is
lost in perspiration. The practical point is
that an unstinted supply should be ready as |
soon a8 camp is reached, and always at hand
until the morning. If, after that, none was |
allowed till noon it would be an advantage |

“The greatest safety against sunstroke is
in free evaporation from the nape of the neck. |
When in good order the nape should be wet
and quite cold to the touch in the
weather. If it is not perspiring, wetting it |
artificially will help to start it right. So long |
as it is wet and freely uncovered no discomfort
is felt from any heat. It is obvious that high, |
tight-fitting tunics and collars are the worat
clothing for such conditions. Other animals, |

' such as camels, have also large and very active

sweat glands on the neck at the base of the
skull. The application of some obvious com- |

l.mou sense to the difficulties found in hot cli-

mates would save constant suffering and a
good deal of illness

Sir Frederick Bramwell takes the other side
and quotes a case where “many years ago the
manager of a copper works used in hot weather
o provide pots of water, with some oatmeal |
jn it (said to be less dangerous for heated men
than plain water), and from these pots the
furnace men helped themselves to as much
as they would. The manager arranged with
one of the workmen to test the utility of this
drinking, The man was weighed before he-
ginning work, and one or two other men were
weighed, they all had their usual meals, but
the one man had not any intermediate oatmea;
drinks. At the end of the day's work there was |
a reweighing; the men who bad drunk had nos |

but real shrinkage of the fluid ele- |

|

hottest | Shuck thinks. At

   

 

lost weight, the man who had abstained had
lost many pounds. The men who had drunk
were not exhausted: the man who had not
dfink was dead beat, and some days passed
before he fully regained his strength,’

But this instance is scarcely convincing in
favor of drinking during exertion, for it is

 

 

| suddenly applied in the case of a man who has

habitually done so, It is probable that the
loss of fluid by the skin, consequent upon active
exertion ina very high temperature, was really
excessive, and that the man's health suffered
accordingly. It is equally probable that this
effect was at least partly due to his ordinary
practice of drinking largely, and consequently
of perspiring profusely, when engaged in work;
and that, if it had not been for this practice,
and for the activity of the skin produced by
constant stimulation of its glands, he would
have perspired much less under the same con-
ditions of work and of temperature, and would
have escaped the consequences from which
he is said to have suffered,

The man whose experience
to what one saw in the South African cam-
paign is W. J. Stillman, who writes; “The
habit of drinking even cold water is one which
is easily kept in the limits of the actual neces-
sity «f the body for renewing ite moisture,
But the habit must be regulated by the exer-
cise of a certain degree of self-control before
the necessity arises, When a boy | had the
ambition of exploration, and prepared myself
by abstinence fer privation. I used to abstain
from drinking any liquid whatever for twenty-
four hours at a time, knowing that thirst was
the hardship most to be dreaded. [ found the
habit so acquired of great utility in my travels,
and especially in the campaigns in Montenegro,
which is a country of few wells and no springs,
the main supply being rainwater collected in
cisterns, and during the Turkish invasion their
army could never maintain a force sufficient to
hold the localities occupied for the want of
water. I have seen the Montenegrin army on
a forced march almost uncontrollable from
thirst, and my groom lie down in the road to
drink from the puddles after a passing shower,
though the water was yellow from the trauipling
of horse and man, while | felt no inconvenience
whatever, [ soldiers drink the
entire contents of a’cistern.such as is provided

comes closest

have seen the

by the way al convenient distances, down to the
mud at the bottom as long as there was any
liquid, huddling, crowding flehting to
get to the cistern

almost

tion of thirst. In the hottest weather of an
Athenian or Italian summer [ have rarely drunk
anything between meals, and avoid iced water
aa the greatest provocative of thirst

BICYCLE CLUBS FOR HOME DEFENCE.

 

Plan to Organize the British Wheelmen Gen-
erally Into a Militia Army.

During the past two or three years the possi-

bilities of the bicycle in military operations

have been discussed earnestly in this country |

and elsewhere, and experiments have been con-
ducted which indicated that the wheel's useful-
ness in the fleld was a matter of no small im-
portance. Indeed, as between the bieycle and
the horse, preference was some time ago given
by competent authorities to the former. In
England, however, at the present time serious

thought is being given to the need of increas-

ing the defensive «trepgth of that nation, and
the sentimentin favor of
gine of war is probably stronger there than in
any other country According to the London

Telegraph, areport to the Commander-in-Chief

of the British Army, soon to be submitted by
Sir Frederick Maurice, concerning the experi-

ments in Sussex, will constitute the strongest
sort of argument in favor of bicycles for the |

all-round use of officers and soldiers

For some time cycles have been in common
volunteer |
corps of England, and wheelmen among the |
into small battalions,
ready, should occasion demand, to assume the

use inthe regular army and in the

latter have been formed

réle of mounted infantry, Ry the last volunteer
returns the number of ewetists enrolled in in-

fantry battalions was 3.473, while only 46 men

on horseback comprised the mounted infantry

In the last tew months, however, the percent-

age of wheelmen has increased greatly
Particular attention is being directed to the

importance of military evcling in home warfare,
mmander-in-Chief of
the British forces, as well as several other mili-
tary officers of distinction, have come to recog-

and itis saidthat the ¢

nize the wheel's value in this branch o
service
of defence which
fectly feasible and of extreme value in
event of an attempted attack on any of the in-
terior cities of his countrys
all civilian male
ean ride them, who are of proper
promise of beeoming marksmen to
their places among the regular forces for na-
tional defence, and, upon order, to scorch away
witharmsand ammunition and rations sufMfi-
cient for one or two days

For the great number of wheelmen nece-sr ry
to carry out his plan the General would look
chiefly to bicycle clubs rather than to individual
riders. The practicability of converting cycle
organizations into infantry corps would not be
an experiment, inasmuchas the scheme has

wheels and
age and give

evelists who own

already been tried in Sir Vrederick’s own
neighborhood and the result has been most
satisfactory. Intelligence, united action and

accurate marksinanship appear to be the requi-
sites which, in the General's opinion, the cycle
corps should possess mn ost thoroughly, and the
necessity of their concerted movement is re-
garded as deserving special consideration

Recent operations with corps of bicycle infan-
try have shown how to overcome some of the
difficulties to be encountered in moving one or
more columns of wheelmen over roads running
in similar directions, in order that the entire
force may reach the desired place simulta-
neously. In short, Gen. Maurice's observations
aniexperiments are looked upon as of the
highest importance in solving the Muestion of
how best to provide for defence avithin Eng-
land's home borders

The proposition to enlist bievcle clubs for the
country's protection is certainly a novel one,
and the scheme should be found as practicable
on this side of the Atlantic as on the other.

——— 9

BRUIN MEETS A TRAP GUN.

 

Farmer Shack'’s Plan Right in Theory,
Dangerous for His Pigs.

ALTOONA, Pa, Sept 15 ~The black bear of

the Alleghanies is nothing if not a humoriat

While his days are usually few and full of trials,

bat

| he makes the moat of them, often to the chagrin

of his lord and master, man. His appetite
far young pork is often his undoing, but there
are some sinart bears who manage to catch a
shoat or two once in a while without coming

| to grief

Farmer John Shuck, who lives away back
{in the mountains, makes a business of raising
hogs. A year or so after he started in the
business all the bears within a radiua of 100
miles had heard of it. At least that is what
any rate, Shuck's soung
pigs began to disappear at an alarming rate
from an inclosure which he deemed impreg-
nable. At first he did not understand it. Then
a friend suggested bears

Full of the bear theory Shuck loaded a shor-

un with slugs and laid in wait for his enemies
Six nigh te he sat up without result, and on the
seventh, when, tired almost to death, he went
to hed, two of his pigs disappeared) Then he
thought of a trap gun

Shuck's trap f"" was an elaborate affair
calculated to kill everything within a radius
of ten milea when it went off It was loade
with slugs to the muzzle and pointed at the
open door of the sty, where, he reagoned, any
sensible bear would enter A «tring across
the door provided the necessary exploding
arrangement

After setting the trap the first time, Shuck
went to bed confident of having bear meat for
breakfast About midnight he heard the gun
go off. Rising hastily, he hurried to the sty

and arrived just in time to see the favorite of |

his flock disappear, personally conducted by
a large black bear With his customary cue
riosity Bruin had sniffed at the gun before he
ventured into the sty
near the trigger, exploding the tran without
harm to the bear Unfortunately, the bueck-

 
 
  

though | had made the same |
march (though on horseback) without the sensa- |

the wheel as an en-

the | o-_
Gen. Maurice bas mapped out a course |
he is satistied would be per-
the

He would require

take

A paw caught the string |
‘and News medium

   
 
  
   

    

porn warp wexren re BRiTisM.| \ FILIPINO MAKES A FIASCO;

PEDRO PATERNO'S ATTEMPT TO GIT
POLITICAL INFLUENCE,

 

 

A Tale of Two Lovers and a Burgher Plot te
Seize Johannesbarg.
OTTAWA, Sept. 4— Writing from Springs,

; ac APO tin the
South Africa, on Aug. 1. & Ccortespr nden .
first Canadian contingent @ives the following Started a Flesta to Celebrate the Granting of

romantic history of the failure of a Boer plot Amnesty and Then Tried to Boom Filipino

\ Independence- inflammatory Speeches Noo

. yapect
to recapture Johannesburg which had a prost t Fatled,
of being successful until the ove of a Boer Delivered aud # Wanquet That Falled

at ® MANita, Ate. 1 The proposed celebration
maiden for a Briton overcame her patriotism : J

1 saved the British garrison in honor of the amnesty granted to the Philip.
and save 1 ‘ . , f ;
‘A couple of weeks ago the Boers within and Pines by President McKinley was a flasco owing

without Johannesburg arranged for a rising cpleny tg the underhand metnate of Don
there by making all our officers prisoners, and Pedro Pater D. one of the cleverest of Filiy
then by attacking tbe soidiers, who, it was | PONT hans Paterno ts eee SOR
expected, would be demoralized and surrender to advance himself as
Meeting® were held by the Boer leaders at the

Grand National Hotel and all arrangements
place Johannesburg

 

seek inate
tunity the leader of ‘4

people, in taet he dues « mirol a vers e
ential party, and

power of Felipe Buencamino that he started

it was to offset the growing

were made once more to

in the hands of the burghers. On Saturday the project of the — flesta The = schena
afternoon, July 14, a gymkhana had been are | was an elaborate one On Saturday and
ranged for by the officers, to be held on the | Sunday, July 2% and 2, there were to
racetrack, under the patronage ofthe Military be parades, contests and — entertainments
Governor and the Major-General commanding, | of various kinds. A week before the festa
for charitable purposes. It was expected that | the preparations were getting along in
almost all the officers of the garrison would | @ satisfactory way, and many thousands of

' dollars had been subseribed by the citizens
Then a change came. Peopie weman co ony
that the celebration at this time was premature,
It was particularly noticeable that those men
who have been conspicuous in their professed
and perhaps actual friendship to the Goverie
ment held aloof. Paterno continued to work
with surprising energy, and on Saturday aftere
noon the city did present somewhat of a cola

be there
“The Boers purposed attending this meet-
ing armed with revolvers, and having 4 large |
| number of confederates, armed likewise but
' with Mausers, hiding in buildings in the im-
| mediate vicinity of the racetrack, ready to act
| whore the given signal. It was planned that
when the officers had been made prisoners
| other Boers in the city would concentrate ata

fy

point fixed upon and attack the British soldiers, , #Ppearance Lofty bamboo arches bearing
| While this was going on a large number of | Patriot sentiments were erected over tha
Boers from the outside would rush into the principal thoroughfares and allegorical paint

town and assist their countrymen, It was | ings were displayed in the tastefully decorated
| stands. Through all the and setntie

| anticipated that the soldiers would be utterly |
demoralized by the absence of their officers, | ments, however, there ran a vein that destroyed
and with noone to direct them would easily the impression of sincerity and led one to be
be overcome and made prisoners, The whole | 5USpicious Long live the free Filipino people

mottoes

plan was carefully and secretly concocted, | 4nd America, the protectress' “Let amnesty
| so that the military authorities were in entire | be more complete and ample, extending to
ignorance of the plot on the morning of the | the political prisoners condemned by nd cary
day for putting it into execution, The tota) | commissions! Americans and the Filly 4
| yuisearriage of the Boers’ bold attempt was united in eternal alliance! Labor demands
i peace!” were some of the mottos Several

 

| brought about by a woman in a vefty simple
and vet interesting tale of love

It appears that a pretty Boer maiden
Johannesburg had two lovers, one an | nalish-
man and the other a burgher. They were both

attempts were made to set up pletures of Aguile
in naldo, and on one areh near the Military Govere
' nor’s palace portraits of MeKinley and Aguie
and fastened

naldo were set in a single fran

 

very pressing for the hand of this young aitl. | to the top. As soon as this was seen it was
On the morving of the gymkhana day the taken down by the police. Th view of these
Joer lover visited her and urged an immediate demonstrations, very coinplete arrangenent¢

morning, und, for the reu- ; Were made to handle the larwe crowds and ta

arrinwe the

inarringe thut vers put down any disturbance. As tt turned. out
son of such urgency, he unfolded the Boer | the whole city was orderly and well beta ed,
plot to seive Johannesbure As he was to | and no trouble was reported fron, any quarter,

4 grand banquet to which the principal «it
vens were invited was arranged for Saturday
nimht. Judge Taft and Gen. Wright of the
Philippine Commission aecepted invitations,
and together with the representatives of the
military they were to he the guests of honor,
Covers were Jaidinthe Teatro Zorilla for about
two hundred persons, and the place was splene

| didly decorated with buntingand greens. Here,
as it turned out, Paterno was tomake his master
play Late on Saturday afternoon the authore
sight the girl rushed to the Military Gover- | ities learned of the character of the proposed
| nor and gave him all the information she had | spe: hes through a representative of a Spanish
' : newspaper who had seen copies. All the ade
ust received, It can readily be understood | dresses, including Paterno's, were of av ‘is
how such a tale would startle that oMlcer, and | flammatory character and caleulated to risa

| heatonce took action, On the young woman's | the people. This was not wholly unexpected

. but vet it did canse some surprise. Tt seenyer
return home she was accompanied by some | hardly possible after | Is protestations of good

of the military police, who followed w short | faith that Paterno could be guilty of such a
distunce behind, and when the Boer lover re- | colossal deceit, But the facts spoke for theme

: selyea
turned for his answer he was at once arrested | Tae

|
|
| take pert in the stirring event of the day, he
was afraid that possibly he would be killed
or Wounded, and consequently wished to make
| the youns woman his wife. The girl asked
| tor two hours to consider the proposal, at the
| expiration of which time he was to return to
her for his answer,

“As soon as the Boer lover was well out of

en. MacArthur tmmediately sent for

and taken before the Military Governor. On | terno, and the Conimissioners through Jnude@
the prisoner incriminating papers and letters Taft wrote # polite note withdrawing their
acceptances and giving their reasons The

were found which bore out all that the roung

 

note was delivered by Secretary Corbin abou
just an hour hefore the banquet was ta

women hud told and « great deal more. A 6:30, L
list of the leaders was discovered amone the begin. About 7 o'clock Judge Taft waa intere
viewed. He said that having learned that the
p.pers secured, and other important infor- | proposed speeches dwelt on the subject of ine
} mation, dependence and were inflammatory and likely
The Governor acted promptly, cancelled | 0 cause excitement he could not attend tha

banquet. It would be impossible for him ta
remaina listener and not denounce the speaker
In his capacity of guest he had not been aske
to speak, so he deemed it best to withdraw hig

the eymkhana, and had all the Boers whose
| names appeared on the lista, arrested and at
once sent to Cape Town More than 500 Boers
acceptance

were made prisoners A general search for While Pedro Paterno was out trying to maka
arms was ordered, and hundreds of Mausers his peace with (ren. MacArthur he left hig
were found hidden under matiresses and in | wrote, Masziniino ip charge of the feast The

es verar d of . 1 grea nunibers, anc
other places here is little doubt but for the Fe 7:30, the apnointed hour, all the diners wera
information given the Military Governor by the | present save the gurste of honor, and the boxed
Roer maiden the Boers would have been anc- | and galleries were filled with Filipinos and their

, ilies, % ’ » ns
resefal th fetaking Johannesburg. The rction | fener. Mans oF the best, element caine

| of this young girl was most commendable, and | most gorgeous finery About 8 o'’clck people
| it will no doubt be amply compensated by the | pegan to wonder - oat, te cause of the ae ay
| a * a rou ” number of those oecupying boxes
Imperial Government Tt is only a fair pre | came outside to stretch their legs and smoke
| sumption that the young maid's tastes were for | a cigarette. Every time 4 carriage drove up
her English lover, who will, no doubt, now run | woes woud «0 pround that the gue ts of honor
: vad arrived, and there was a momentary craning
a winning race for the possession of her hand, | of jecks, and then the crowd divided into little
as his conipetitor is out of it effectually bunches again. In the meantime Pedro Pa-«
} terno Was having a lively interview with Gen,
; MaeArthur hen this was over he hurrie:
off to find Judge Taft. The Judge lives abou
;a mile and a balf from Gen. MacArthur's palace,
and it was a wet, rainy night andalter 8 o'clock
The Inandation of the Brazos and Colorado pyr Paterno is not daunted by small obstacles,
Rivers a Blessing tn Digaise. | Ifthe Agnericans could ot be induced to appea
at the banquet it would be a dreadful failurg

TEXAS VALLEYS BLOOM AGAIN.

| Arsnin, Tex. Sept. 5 The valleys of the and perhaps have to be abandoned entirely,
Rrazes and Colorado rivers which were in- Fe Feara recea through the muddy streets ty th
Judge's house vere he promised that a
' ¢ ‘ st d -
undated by overflows of those streams in duly, | the speeches should be surpressed, that nothing
1809, have been reclaimed and will this year of a political nature should be mentioned, and
vield an immense crop of cotton. Tt was con. he made such carneat appeals, outlining tha
, are . ;
servatively estimated that the floods of last good that might vet be accomplished that Judea

Taft consented to attend the dinner inasinuch
as the cause of the trouble, namely the speeches
had been eliminated. He and Gen. Wright,
hurried into their dress suits while a message
was telephoned to the theatre to announ@
their coming

lt arrived at an opportune time. for matters
were becoming serious At 9 o'clock a number
of prominent citizens got up and left the build-
ing and several of the women were sent home
while their husbands and escorts remained
to see the thing out) The balance of opinion
was agains: the Americans inasmuch as they

vear destroyed growing cotton in the valley
of the Brazos River that would have yielded
fully 500,000 bales, while the loss in the valley
of the Colorado amounted to another 100,000
bales. Not only was this growing crop swept
to destruction, but the plantations along the
rivers were denuded of all their buildings, fence
and other improvements. ‘The humble homes
of thousands of negro families who were em-

 

 

ployed on the plantations were washed away had at the lasi moment refused to attend. thus
and the terrified inhabitants had to seek refuge | making the Filipinos ridictlous, and if there
is anything that makes a Filipino fighting

| on higher ground alone the surging rivers,

| When the waters subsided the full effect

of the destructive inundations was to be seen

| The overflow extended along the Brazos River
from its mouth at Velasco, on the Gulf of Mexico,
to the northern part of the State, a distance of

mad i: is ridicule If it had not been for the
famous Rizal orchestra, which rendered pleas
ing music, those 200 owners of enipty stomachs
could not have been kept quiet Finally a
Spanish journalist, who discovered that thera
was (0 be no speechmaking, flew to the tele.
phone and commanded, begged and beseeched

a as central to connect him with his office With
probably four hundred miles by course of the most ludicrous expressions he expliimned that
river, The width of the overflowed valley | he would be ruined and disgraced if he could
was from one mile to fifteen miles Along the | not stop his printing presses, for the whole

account of the banquet had already heen set
up and inclhided exact copies of the proj osed
speeches, which were now to remain unheard,
even down to the applause and side remarks,
Between 0:30 and 10 o'clock Judge Taft and
Gen Wright appeared and were conducted
totheir places by Seflor Paterno The Judge,
dressed all in black and wreathed in smile
stood on one side of the table and the General,
in black dress coat. white waistcoat and trousers
and crash shoes, bowed from the opposite place,
while the orchestra broke out with “The Stor
Spangled Banner” ainid treinendous appla
The guests quickly took their places and lost
no time in beeoming interested in the excel.

Colorado River the inundation extended from
the Gulf of Mexico to Austin, a distance of prob-
ably three hundred miles. When the news of
the disaster reached the people of Texas and
the outside world contributions began to pour
| in from all over the country in aid of the suffer-
| ine colored people. Several bundred thousand
dollars were expended through relief com-
mittees for supplies, It was probably six weeks
! from the time the overflows were at their height
before the waters had subsided and the ground

 

 

was again in condition to be worked rent gd Lieut Col wieer and Lis i
" » ha » Menoher, representing Gen MacArthur at
The task before the planters was a stupendous Brovostetieneral Beil, came in just after the

; one, but they met the difficulties with an in-  eommissioners and took seats near tl
domitable will and courage that soon accom- ine Ginner, waa entirely Without unple asi ;
» . i incident and quietiy ended about an hour at
plished wonders. The negroes were at first «half later, When the waitera had stopp
loath to return to the bottoms They had scurrying about the national anthem was

been faring so well through the generous charity ypaderes apd, ine dudge lett the he atre n

a . nae ; the arm o aterno, with Gen n |
of a sympathetic people that they had no desire ius thake sian aneae the entrance, bowitw

to make a change. When the planters could
not induce them to return to their labors the
free-food suplies ‘were cut off by the relief

as the guests filed out

The Commissioners had come to the rescue
at the last minute but the day had not been
saved) The banquet, the chief event of the

committees of the several communities and feast, was a failure, and the opportunity ‘9
the refugees were informed that they would advance the cause of peace was lost Ihe
parades and illuminations of the next day

either have to work or starve. They preferred
to work. Upon their return to the plantations
the work of rehabilitation was carried on with

were carried out in a half-hearted manner
without enthusiasm or interest
What will be done with Paterno is not known

He has deceived the Americans and deceived

vigor. A rich silt covered the valleys of the the peacefully inclined Filipinos who followed
two rivers to a great depth. Owing to the him as a leader that would pave the way 'o
lateness of the season no general effort was peace The obiectionable speeches were well

knownto Paterno, who required that all) who

made to raise another crop, except that of forage |

for the plantation live stock. The next several

months were devoted to rebuilding fences,

bulldings, and getting the plantations in condi-

tion for this season's crops torates constitute the principal themes, and
When the cotton-planting season arrived ali hie Ay = to, be ers or Ao try oul ¥

this vear the inundated district had been re- re Ter ante CMMAtIGn THO in let ae

claimed and a full acreage Was put in along demonstration

both rivers The soil had become so greatly ania .

enriched by the overflows that the cotton plant Addressed the Jory.

has grown like magic It is the opinien of Fromthe Buffalo Courier

many planters that the inundation was really 4 man who had seen the inside of @

a blessing in disguise; that the silt which was | court room until he was introduced at a

depesited throughcut the valleys of the two nes. in a case pending in one of the Scettiea

desired to sneak should submit the substances
of their addresses to him four days before
the banquet These speeches and his ow! ra
now known to be the rankest kind of political
jugeling, in which independence and protec

never

rivers has added more tothe value of the soil courts, on being sworn, took @ position wita
than the amount of loss sustained by the destruc- | his back to the jury and bewan telling the story
tion wrought by the floods. to the Judge

_—_-_----— The Judge, ina bland an’ courteous manner,

“THE SUN" AS A REAL

ADVERTISING

‘Address yourself to the

The man made a short pause, but. r

| atanding what had been said te him, continued
his narrative

The Judge was then more explicit, and said

uty, sil

ESTATE

ntuithe

will better meet your re-

shot tore through the sty, killing four pigs and Quirements than any other publication, reach- to him. “Speak to the jury, sir. the mens tine
ae the rorunings cae of the sty aren ine ao [tf does peanle who have money for in- behind vou on the benches {
y one ©. we Tugitives as if came out an » . : e wit at t * turned round and,
scampered off with it, carrying away a whole Vestment, and supplying eavn day aii tiw ews aiiiee ax aekward bot enid, with perfect
hide and no supper besides” Shuck has aban- @Vailable of interest to those interested in the gravity ,

doned the use of trap guns as bear destroyers, : Realty Market. —Adv.

“Good morning, gentlemen,”

   
  
       
 
        
          
    
   
 
    
   
    
    
  
    
   
    
      
   
   
    
  
 
   
    
   
 
   
   
 
   
    
  
    
    
     
 
    
     
      
       
   
  
    
      
   
   
   
          
 
   
  
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
   
     
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
     
      
  
     
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
      
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
 
     
   
   
   
 
  
    
    
 
   
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
    
     
  
    
     
   
    
  
  
      
   
   
    
   
    
   
     
     
        
         
     
       
        
     
       

to
ail
te
ac
pe

™
o
ar
tr
jeg

th
fo
If
‘a
frq
on
di

al
he
er
ur
kn
tu

wl

 

th
ti
th
fe

ar
wi

dl
th
fr
m

h
at
na

ip
in
ha
me
tin
1
)
we
ti
fs
nea
al
wi
po

cag
ha
st

BO
fill
co
da
Phi

a

und
to
du
ren
inv
h

cle
pa