BRY ANITE TREASON PROVED

FILIPINO REBELLION KEPT
‘LIVE BY DEMOCRATS,

 

THE

 

 

Letters and Oficial Docaments Showi the
Encouragement Given to Aguivaide by
Bryan and His Friends-Democratio Hope

of Winotng tn November by Prolonging
the Insurrectlo in the Philippines.
ryere ought, then, 4 fiwure in Fillpino history
t) the same measure of exaltation Rizal, Bryan
and Aguinaldo, the glorious trinity of our pollucal
redemption. and upon the foreigner, because, although
t ries Anglo-Saxon blood In bis veins nevertheless
be eods our cause, we ought to look with the same
eeperation 48 Upon OUT greatest martyrs and heroes,
Ir blood Is an American; by bis Ideas, an
{oust sson ofthe Philippines, Bryan is the clasp
mat uve and unifies the aspirations of two friendly
f « jaboring for the same causes and worthy of
tb ait ration and the applause of the world. —F rom
I tependencta, the Filipino rebel organ, a copy of
un h wes captured by Gen. Wheaton at San Jacinto,
Lu
William Jennings Bryan, the Demo-
cratl indidate for President, had scarcely
taken off the uniform of the United States
Anny and ceased to pose before the cameras
of bis countrymen as a soldier-hero when the |

words above quoted were scattered broad-
cast through the rebel camps of Luzon to en-

murage the robber bands of Aguinaldo to
further resistance against the very army whose
ranks Col, Bryan had just left. Bryan stands

 

for the Hberty of the Filipinos and for treason

againat his country Behind all the prolonga-

tiot
{in the fleld and the plotters of massacre in

Manila are Bryan and his friends who hope

| of work the Bryan agents were doing.

   

 
  

defeat was inevitable.
all else, to keep the national party in the back-
round and the partisan spirit to the front.
Je wanted just what Bryan wanted. “The
man who “by his ideas was an illustrious son
of the Philippines” and the man who by birth
was another illustrious son stood squarely |
together on a proposition treasonable to the |
American Government |

Agoncillo was working on the theory that
the agenta of the Democratic party whe were
writing to the Filipino leaders would keep in
the background. He could not foresee that
the correspondence of many of these men
would be captured and given out to the people
of the United States to show just what kind |
Here |
is a copy of a communication addressed to the
Filipino Hong Kong Junta by Secretary Dan-
singer of the Cincinnati Single Tax Club, under
date of March 9, 1890, and captured with other
documents by American troops:

“T inclose a copy of the resolutions adopted
by the Single Tax Club of Cincinnati relative
to the uniust war which the Government of
this country Is now waging with the petriots
of your country, The sentiment expressed
therein will be reaffirmed by many other Single
Tax organizations of this city and undoubtedly
expreas those of all Single Taxersinboth narties
Our great chief and leader, Henry George,
declared a short time before his death that the
United States was a fictitious republic. If any
proof was wanted of this statement before, the
war renders itunnecessary. It was commenced
and is kept up without any pretence of consult-
ing the will of the American people upon the’
matter, only at the will of the plutocracy
which rules the Government and which hones
to find new flelds for pillage in the Philippine
Talands, not content with what it obtains from
the pillage of the American peorle. The found-
ers of the Government, unfortunately for us,
did not foresee Uke Jeffersonthat Innermitting
private property in land and uniust forms
of taxation they were laying the rounder
of a more powerful despotism than that. from
which they had liberated themselves. We are

  

 

| suffering from their want of foresight, but the

f this insurrection, behind the fighters |

to ride into political power over the dead bodies |

of American soldiers. Their constant cry
and hope has been that the dying embers of
rebeilion might be fanned into a brighter flame
for the political effect it might have in the
Presidential campaign. They have
wanied defeat to come to our arma. The
outbreak of smallpox was a campaign docu-
, joy to their souls, because possibly

present

ant
ft might mean the further embarrassment
of their Government and might add to the
possibility. of their success at the November
electior

To keep alive the insurrection, to force the
Filipinos to continue their unavailing strug-
the Brvanites have held out the hand of

| republic I take the liberty of writing vou re-

| publie

number of people in thia country who realize
that truth {ts constantly increasing. IT hope
for Gen. Aguinaldo and his patriotic army
the greatest success against our army of sub-
jJua@ation, tyranny and oppression.”

Another communication la addressed = to
“President” Aguinaldo by Secretary Martin of
the Anti-Expanston Club of St. Louls, Mo. It
is dated Jan. 20, 1890, and reads

‘In the interest and welfare of the Fillpino

 

garding an educational work to be published
in this country representing the views of the
Anti-Expansion party, or the peonle who wish
to see a free and indenendent Philippine re-
The obleet of thia work is to increase
sentiment against annexation of the
Therefore, believing that some
facts from the pen of your Henor would
strengthen the cause, Tam authorized to ask
certain questions:

“First Will you kindly state the per cent. of
those who wish annexation to the United States,

 

public
Philippines

| if such there be?

“Second— Will the natives take constant

| interest in political affairs under self-govern-
} ment?

ie
Sit wahip, not to the Filipino people, but to
the band of Mestizo adventurers and cut-
throats who control the pehel army and ter- |
porize through its broken femnants every
village wherein there is not an American garri-
for They have said to these men “Keep up
a fiction of fl@ahting. Make the people stand
by vou until after the election. That will

help us towin and then we will turn the gov-
ernment of the islands over to you to run as
you see fit for your own personal henefit.”
With this incentive the rebels have kept under
arma and done their best to aid the cause of
the Demoeracy. The word has gone out Into
irner of Luzon that if Bryan wins the

every
Democratic party will give them the liberty
for which they are fighting. There can be no

   

doubt of the truth of these assertions, Those
Lave been in the Philippines have seen

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Third—Are they upon recognition ready to
drop their arms and enter upon an enterpris-
ing industrial life?

“After answering these questions a short
article rewarding the Philippine feeling toward
this country and their wishes for indenendence |
will be appreciated, and I am confident will
very materially strengthen this cause in the
eoming elections to decide the policy of our

| country ”

who
ft beyond question, They Tecognized that
{t was only the machinations of the Demo- |
erat enta which sustained the hopes of
the trouble makers and none haa put it more
plainly or more strongly than the late Gen
f. W lawton, who in November of last year,
shortly before his death, wrote this in a
letter to a friend
I would to God that the truth of this whole
Philiy » situation could be known by every
one in America as I know ft. If the real his- |
tore inspiration and eonditions  f this in-
aurr ¢ the Influences, local and ex-
t al, that now encourage the enemy, as well
a the actual possibilities of these is'ands and
pe sand thelr relations to this great East
io it lerstood at home, we would hear
tlk of untust ‘shooting ef govern-
, tot ! nos or of haniing down
¢ the ilippines. If the so-called
' t rialists would honestly ascertain the
truth on the ground and not in distant Amer-
{ they, whom T believe to be lanest men
nisinformed, would be convineed of the errorof
floir statements andconclusions and of theun-
fortunate effect of their publications here
Ifl am shot by a Filipino bullet it might as well |

me from one of my own men, because I know
from observations confirmed by captured pris-
oners that the continuance of fighting is chiefly

of stuff which convineed
the Filipinos that they had a chanceto win
they could only keep up a show of fighting. And
as time nassed thev received more encourage -
ment, for as the election grew nearer the ac-
tivity of the Bryan agents became more pro-
nounced. The very limit of impudent treasen
sprung from the pen of Montague R. Leverson,
a resident of Fort Hamilten, Frooklyn. Even
the Filipinos must have balked a little at the
utter lack of honor and patriotism a8 avowed
in a communication from him which was found
This letter Is as

This is the sort

among Aguinaldo'’s papers.
follows |
“Fort Hamtiron, }
‘New York, July 17, 1890
|

“Seftor G. Apacible |
“Dean SIR AND BrotHerR Our friend Albert
S Parson of Lexington gave me your name |
as one to whom T should write as a representa-
tive Filipino.

“Lamamember of the Anti. imperialist League

of Boston, of which Georve 8. Boutwell is Prest-
dent and Erving Winslow is Secretary 1
have published mony articles and letters de-

nouncing the piratieal war carried on by. Presi-

 

dent McKinley egainst your people. He and
Gen. Otis and all his troops are pirates upor |
the territory of the natives. Our President-
are not in the position of Kings. Qur Presi+ |
dents are not in the least) cuthorized to make |
war Without the consent of Congress, as McKin- |
levy ix doing, and all pefaons compromised in
this war are pir: tes ;
‘Lshocld like @® suggest a plan to you « It is
this, ¥Y ou should seize some official of rank in
the serviee of the United @States and then ine

form the foreign Consils that he was to he
brought before a Conneil of war for piracy and
said Consuls to have representauves

 

write to
resent at such eouneil of war to see that it ts
ern

‘Pirnew would be shown by nducting a war |

f civilized war nd

    

1 moof the usages ¢
of would consist inthe fact of the consent |
diiling defenceless ners and nonecs m |
hatants, men, women d children, in. cold |
hlood, and in robbery by offleers and s« dier
from nor -combatants ; |
If | were noe an old man of more than 60)
t vears I would willingly aid you in your Just |
defences
I alse sugmwest that the Filipino Congress
address an appeal to the people of the United
State.

due to reports that are sent out from America.’

But Get Lawton did not know as much
A t the anti-imperialist machinations as
Das s » come to light. He gave these mer
er for honesty of convietion. He looked

them as miseuided persons who did not |

kuow the truth, but who, had they the oppor-
tu to learn it, would accept it and acknowl-
edge the error of their ways. Had he known

v nhe iid that were he killed he might as
et by mnen that
nti-imperialists were deliberately plot-
n, and urging pen the Filipinos
seimire and trial for piraev of high Amer-
iid have wriften the proph-

death In harsher language
with the rebel leaders under
n the hills of Luzon, plotting

the juntas in Hong Kong,
the death of American sol-
wrace of the American flag,
re the people of the United
effrontery so brazen that they
taken for miseuided fanatics, That
re than this, that thew are deliber-
their conatry, setting above the
velfare the success of a political party,

iby their own letters written to Fil-
revlie ind captured by American troops
« Many of the documents which

into the hands of the Govern-
’ ma public from time to
tine, 9 ogether they furnish indis-
| root of @ conspiracy of men in the
" tie party to foment the rebellion for
norp regardless of the cost. in

4 1 treasure to the nation The crime
{ bare as a burned prairie, and those
Wee ance to their country
any political party
is not honored by

one of his own

 

he we

     

 

 

 

!
4 ; vit ; '
r
1
'

 

 

 

r allezianee to

that treason

referment
t idence Bryan has
wn name to paper
gents do that while he from the
plititudes about liberty Rut
to reap the benefit from the trea-
| the traitors were to be ful-
vy his publie utterances he has en-
awed othess to wo even further than he
views are well known in the
is they in the United States,
ich an American by birth, he is
istrious son of the Philippines,
I { eats captured were mostly found
" ston among Aguinaldo's private
‘ show that the conspiracy has
@\istet for more than a year, that an or-
& rt has been going on all this time
wider t tering care of Democratic agents
t ‘lion alive. As far back as
0 “ ‘effect of the work done was al-
revty tet) Felipe Agoneillo, who was the Fili-
ae Washington at the outbreak of
(
'
'
\
1
i
!
t

been
He

 

peut “

 

   

reroetrt Sst

 

and fled to Paris, saw very
owas going on, Doubtless he was
« in it, although he was shrewd
‘ xplain what his methods were
Parts, under date of June 23, 1899,
ids G, Apacible and I. Santos at
, he gave them some advice as to
should be prolonged until
In part the letter is as follows

“ into serious .consideration the
| ndition of affairs, I am convinced
' tical tactics of our Government

ad ‘ ‘lowing
lo prolong the war as much aa pos-
6 to the fall of Sancho from the Presi-
. « clearly to the nations the in-
! inability of the Government of
ile our heroic people who fight

red liberty
‘nder every circumstance the
‘rvention of any Power must be
would lead only to fatal

  

 

© revolution

use if

rd Foment the aetions of the Demo-
'y in the United States, which advoe
idependence. I am doing this tn

« fitting to me
; I do not think the time has come
! diplomatic notes to the Chancellor,
was done at the presegt time, and
‘nin the United States, tt would un-
ause a untfleation of national feel-
Demoeratic and Republican par-
te and our triumph would then

 
 

shrewd enough to see what
- henchinen have not been able
He wanted the action of the Demo-
; fomented and in his own way was
effect, but he was anxious
a ‘ far in the matter. He was
a the rank and file of the Democratic
t io knew that if the people learned

going on behind the scenes Bryan's

« Wiis
Hrs i}

g too

| Necessary

T <hall not give you the heads of this appeal
I merely point ont things whieh will
especially influence the people. For example,
a reference to the Declaration of Independence
must be inserted, but T believe that it is alse
for you to mention in. your appeal
the points [have made above to show that this
war is piracy, tising them to bring out the want
of Christian feeling for the soldier-

You must also show that Mehinley keeps
the people of the United States in ignorance
of the true facts: that he and the members of

some

 

  

the Cabinet have deliberately lied to secure
the ratification of the treaty of peace with
‘Spain without tt clause which would have
assured the liberty of the Filipinos: that they
deliberately lied when they said that Angon-
cillo advised Aguinaldo to fight and that a

telegram stating the opposite was intere epted
The war was advised fron Washington to se-
cure the passage of the treaty J

‘Do not fail to insist upon the atrocities be.
fore mentioned, especially the gassassination
in cold blood women and children and the
sack of the pronerty of non-combatants per-
wtrated by offtcers and soldiers, especially
* a Captain named Otis, who is believed to
be a relative of the General, who not only took
no steps for the punishment of the assassins,
but who did not even reprimand them

If you can prove that women have
violated, put that also in your statement

You should offer to prove all these atroci-
ties before a commission composed of three
Americans named by the Congress of the t nited
States and three Filipinos named by the Fili-
pino Congress and presided over by a person
of some other nation chosen by the United
States.-be must not be an Enalishman, for
they are all associated in the crime

‘If the publication of any portion of the lets
ter will be of any service you can Use it,
I think it would be more prudent to keen It
secret
“Do not forget to speak of the American squad-
ron whieh blockaded your coasts, bombarding
them without warning to the non-combatants
and peaceful towns, where war would never
have been thought of, but where now the greater
part of the inhabitants, who formerly were
friends of the United States, have taken arms
to avenge the deaths of their wives and sons
Also speak of the refusal of the United States
and Great Britain to renounce the use of ex-
plosive bublets, which was decided wen in the
conference of the Commissioners at The Hagne,
and which the United States are now using,

   

 

 

heen

| although their use was denounced as barbarous

by the other Commissioners at The Hague

“Ask the people of the United States if they
think that they are Christians, and ask them
how they ean reconcile their pretended religion
with their present conduct towagd McKinley
and his war

“This horrible war is a nightmare for me
It may be folly for me to permit myself to be
affected by it, but its horror, the eternal Infamy

| of itfor my country, whose peopleare preparing

|

a state of slavery for another, prevents me from
sleeping.

“Tecan aay nothing more but that it would be
well to let the people know that steps are being
taken to introduce militarism into the United
States, some examples of which can he shown
from the conduct of Gen. Merriam in Idaho.
Very sincerely, MonTaAave R. Levenson,”

everson had the effrontery to admit the
authenticity of the letter and be proud of ft
He is a great Democrat. He is a friend of
Carl Schurz and Edward Atkinson’ At
present he is secretary of the Bryan and Steven-
son Single Tax Campaign Committee. When
he was asked by aSun reporter if he had written
the letter he proudly said that he had and that
if he were voung he would gladly join their
ranks and fight without any compensation,
provided the American people refused to rise
up and act next November, The Filipinos, he
declared, had been much encouraged by his
letters to them. He had written many letters
previous to th sone and had received many

The evidence that the Filipinos rely solely
on Bryan for success, and {t {s not surprising
in view of the representations made to them
by his agents,is perfeotly patent. The article from
La Independencia of Oct. 28, 1809, a paragraph
from which has already been quoted, shows
the methods employed by Aguinaldo to dupe
his followers. The full text of the article ts
given below

“THER MEETING OF TO-MORROW

 

AGUINALDO AND BRYAN
NEAT PREPARATIONS
“two FRIENDLY PEOPLES,
“A message of eratitude to the fllustrious
Democrats of the United States, the true rep-

resentatives of the institutions founded on
the Hberty claimed by the great men of the

wanted, | above | N:

 

  

orth American Republio—that js the object '
of the meeting which ait be held to-morrow
in the capital of the nation,
“The meeting of to-morrow was organized
the of the President wpon the initia-
ve of the sons of that great liberal association
which dominates this century, and who have
interpreted very well the feelings of the people
and the desires of the Government. The pro-
Tie of this great meeting will be as follows;
At@ in the morning the meeting will be opened
to the strains of the national anthem, after
which there will be speeches by the notabilities
of the Goverament and the army. At 4 in the
afternoon there will be a popular manifestation,
Bands of mude will parade through the streets,
and the public buildings and private dwellings |
will be decorated |
“All these preparations, that have been un- |
der way for several days, are certainly worthy
of the illustrious chief of. the anti-imperialist
party. American by birth he has been edu-
cated in and practises the teachings of the |
greatest Presidents of the United States; and
for this reason he cannot consent that the am-
bition for power should send to a futile and
dishonorable sacrifice the sons of free America;
and for this reason he has sympathized with
the cause of President Aguinaldo, who recently
was acclaimed as one of the heroes of the cen-
turyy continuing in the path that had immor-
talized Washington, Monroe and Jefferson,
The history of the Philippines ought to inseribe
in ite pawes of gold the name of this great Amer-
ican, the knight of justice, of that ideal justice
for which Zola spoke in an address to French

 

sovereignty, Rizal was the divine inspiration,
Aguinaldo was the arm which put it in execu-
tion. In the present conflict Bryan replaces
the areat martyr. What sublime lessons for
our enemies themselves they find among their
own brothers, who combat the injustice they
strive to commit upon a feeble people! ‘ Be-
hold what lofty justice tf, indeed, there can be
gradations in jusiice=-permeates our cause,
when it finds champlons not only among for-
el@ners but even among the very sons of the
great Republie

“There ought, then, to flgure in Filipino his-
tory with the same measure of exaltation
Rizal, Brvan and Aguinaldo, the glorious trinity
of our political redemption; and upon the for-
eigner, because although he carries Anglo-
Saxon blood in his veins, nevertheless defends
our cause, we ought to look with the same
veneration as upon our greatest martyrs and

youth
“In the war which we waged with the e
|

heroes. Bryan by blood is an American’ by
his ideas, an illustrious son of the Pillip ines
“Bryan is the clasp that links and unifies the

aspirations of two friendly peoples, laboring
or the same causes and worthy of the admira-
tion and applanse of the world. The American
mople are not hostile to the Filipino pee ple.
‘he people have been all the time the victims
of the concupiscence of the powerful. As the
President of the Republic has said, it is nota
war of one people against another, but of a
party nacainst a nation, which, if weak in forces,
swigantic in heroie spirits and sublime saecri-
fices. A thousand times there have been man-
ifestitations of that spirit which joins the Fil-
ipino people to the American in clubs and juntas
and associations and meetings.

“Therefore it is a debt of wratitude, and
due to triendship, the manifestation that the
people will make to-morrow in honer of Bryan
and the party whieh he directs, representa-
tives of the true sons of the Unicon. Ged wrant
that ata time not distant we may see the aepi- |
rations of the two triendly peoples fulfilled

"Meanwhile the Committee of Organization
will accept our felicitations upen the concep.
tion of so happy an idea that interprets so
tat hfully the cesires of the Filinine peeple,
among whose deeds of nobleness will figure
the wrateful acknowledgment of all theee vho,

yesterday and vow, have been Interested in
the fustice of thel cause."
That was mor than a_vear ago. Last De-

comber, when the rebel forces were scattered
and Aguinaldo was on the run, hunted trom
place to place by American treops, there war
cireviated throughout Luzon a document
containing a summary of statements of what
some of the Brvanite papers and Bryanite
eaders were saying in favor of the Filipino
This is proved by a letter from Maw j

calle,

delena, Lazvna, published under date of Tee
25, 1800. in the Line Columnrae Volantes, a rebe
newsnaner After commenting sorrowtully-

on Aguinaldo’s Meht it mentions vorious ree

 

 

 

 

   

 

  
  
 
  

 

 

 

eons for cheering up, amcre Which is the scat- |
tering of the cireular sent frem the Unlted
States

Awiuinalde is still harping on his hope in
Bro nr Only three da wo the mail from
Manila brought this latest” proclamation. in
which he declares that Broan, hix fellow Fili-
pine hero, will save! Hle saves

The elements are at present strageling {n
the United States, those who desire the re-
election MeKinle ind othe great Demo-
eratio pp Whieh upholds the candidacy of
irean et us cali awalt the result which
in all ev s must he favorable to us, for if the
former ould trinmp' the events in (hina
would come to our relief, © © * and if MeKinle
Is defeated, Bryan will give us indenendence

And » hey stand together, Thes both
prate of libert Brvan persists in his pathetle
pleading for this poor downtrodden Agul-
naldo now that he knows bev ond question that
mont) before t! rebellion started Agui-
naldo and his confederates were niotting against
the Americans. He knows that even before
the Filinino lead + lagded in Manila he had
begin his nation uw t ifer he wa
planning a massacre of ey ericanin Manila
before single shot had been fired by an Amer
ea dier against a nat f the island \l
thie -

pondence |
ever eit
Aguinalde
t friend
t'rant \ i
Broan
gone to tbrtek out Thee must |
keep u of “liberty for an enlightened
peonle” to end, din view of what the
iblic has learre ld within the last six weeks
that end will be a litter one for Brvan and his
agents

 

VANDERDILT'S PISGAH FOREST.

Its Fish and Game and the Goerdian Rangers
of the Place.

From Foreat and Stream
The Piswah forest has cost Vanderbilt some-
thing like a quarter of a million of dollars,
or about $2.50 per acre. He has bought it

in great or small tracts as rapidly as possible,
rangers only denizens

five of them

ure the

all picked men of the
riders and

and now his
There are

mountains, of fine physique, good

 

 

dead shots. One of them comes to meet the
pilgrims d looks at their permit, which is
a very important piece of paper. This for-
ester, whode name is Kearns, is a type of the
rangers, good mored, tall and strong, well
niounted, with repeating rifle slung at his
back, saddle bags and poncho. To him these
mountain wilds are like an open book, and
upon him ind his asseciates a great
and neesasant responsibility devolves
They must keep open the roads

the trails, see that the boundary

400 miles in length, is all right eep out
poachers, look after the game and the trout,

and always be on the alert for timber stealer:
Tho poachers would come from near and far
to catch the trout, or rather to kill
exploding dynamite cartridges in the deep
pools whe the hice fellows lurk: or to kill
the deer, the grouse (or pheasant, as they

known popularly), or the wild turkeys
At an inere a distance the trained of

them by

 

eur

the ranwer will hear the explosion of dyna-
mite, and he tracks-the offender unerringly,
even into other countie and onee into Ten-
Nhessee

There are 245 miles of trail in this forest,

the trails leading alongside each trout stream
There are 70 miles of road passable for wagon,
Trail and road are always kept in readiness
against Mr. Vanderbilt's coming. He is, as
the rangers say, “Hable to come any time.”
There are miles of shooting paths, the latter 15
feet in width and cut out right and left from
the roads. When deer are driven they must
cross these paths, and by means of the latter
alone can the huntet.see them in time to get a
shot.

The abaence of noises other than those made
by the streams is one of the most noticed things
Rarely is the note of a bird heard and seldomer
still ia any feathered thing seen. So perfect
and #0 dense is the cover that a deer can lie un-
seen only a few feet awas Numerous as the
turkevs are, only one was flushed, and only
a very few pheasants were seen. The sharp
footmarke of the deer are constantly visible in
the trails, and alongside the streams are the
footprints of the wildcat High overhead
the golden eagle is seen soaring, and Ranger
Kearns shows a mounted specimen which he
killed with a revolver as it sat in A tree top
eighty vards awry

Though Mr. Vanderbilt is not a sportsman, |
but astudent, yet, as stated, all things are kept |
ready for him. His pleasure is the pleasure of |
On his last visit he only caught one |

wins |

others

trout, nor did he firea gun His wife was with
him She is a good horsewoman, and rode
a pony up and down the steepest trails. Under |

protection native trout are rapidly re-stock-
ing the streams without artificial propaga-
tion’ In some of the streams rainbow trout
from California have been placed, but these |
are not so satisfactory a fish They rapidly
lose their rich colors and have to be quickly |
eaten to be palatable, while the trout of the
locality, properly dressed, keep well In the
old days, before there was protection, there
were caught in two days in this very forest
1,850 trout, and most of this needless slaughter
War pure waste

At Biltmnore Mr Vanderbilt bas an arbore-
tum, one of the largest in the world and the
pioneer in the United States This war for-
merly under the direction of Gifford Pinchot,
who ia at present head forester of the United
States, if is now under the direction of Dr. |
Schenck, as forester In this arboretum more
than 300,000 trees and shrubs nave been plan ted
Pisgah Forest is the complement_ef the ar-
pan tum, and in these wild woods Dr. Schenck
as a todge, where he spends much of each
summer with his class In the latter are often
youths of wealth and high social position who
wish to study forestrv-.a study which the
United States sorely needs, since so many
millions are daily devoting themselves to the}
task of forest deatriction and so few to con
servation

 

| power

 

   

NDAY, SEPTEMBER

 

FOUR YBARS OF ABUNDANT WORK
AND HIGHEST WAGES. ~

What Sound Money and a Vigorous Foreign
Policy Have Done for the Work
Under This Administration—Striking Fig-
ures Compiled by the Workingman Himself.
The Republican National Committee has
issued a document entitled “The Prospect of
Labor,” which shows the remarkable improve-

  

; ment which has been effected in all lines of

labor by the laws enacted by a Republican
Congress and enforced by a Republican Pres-
ident. The figures on which the document is
based were taken from the official reports of the
labor organizations in all parts of the country,
and were compiled by the American. Federa-

| tion of Labor for its #tatement on Jan, 1, 1900

To make the statistical tables more impressive,
two quotations from statements of President
Gompers were printed. In 1893 Mr. Gompers
said

“Since Augpst of this year we have been in
the greatest industrial depression this country
has ever experienced, It is no exaggeration to
say that more than three millions of our fellow-
tollers throughout the country are without
employment and have been sv since the time
named. This lamentable industrial condition
is attributed by many to various causes, and ft
seems to me that the accurate statement of
them here is both requisite and appropriate, #0
that we may be better enabled to so frame our
legislation that it may tend to a proper solution
of the problem dependent upon the wage
workers for solution. Never in the history of
the world has so large a number of people vainly
sought for an opportunity to earn a livelihood
and contribute to the support of their fellows.
In a soclety where such abnormal conditions
prevail there must of necessity be something
wrong at the basic foundation,”

In January, 1898, Mr. Gompers descriped
the beginning of the changed condition of af-
faira, which was coincident with the success
of the Republican party at the polls in 1896
Here is what he said in part:

“The terrible period for the wage earners
of this country which bega in 1893 and which
has left behind itsuch a record of horror, hunger
and misery practically ended with the dawn of
the year 1807. Wages had been steadily forced
down from 1898 ti!) toward the end of 1895, and
it was variously estimated that between two mil-
lion andt woanda half million wage earners were

unemployed, Itis agreed by all that the wage
earners are the principal consumers of American
products, and it necessarily follows that a re-
duction in wages involves a diminution in the
of consumption, and consequently
a proportionate decrease in production, and,
naturally, also in the force of labor required
for the production. A reduction of wages,
therefore, results in an increase in the army
of the unemployed,’ and any circumstances
or combination of circumstances that will
check reductions in wages, and hence the dim-
inution of consumption by’ the masses, is a
humane act, based on the soundest laws of eco-
nomics and of progress.”

On Dee. 11, 1809, President Gompers de-
scribed the continued prosperity of the work-
ingmen at the Detroit Convention of the Fed-

eration Among other things he said then;
“The revival of industry which we have
witnessed within the past year is a subject

for general congratulation, and it should be
our purpose to endeavor to prolong this era
of more general employment and industrial
activity [nm this effort no power is so px

as orwanized labor, if we but follow a right
practical course [tis beyond question that the

 

and

 

wages of the organized workers have been in-
creased and in many instances the hours of
labor either reduced or at least maintained

The report which your officers are enabled to
submit to this convention, so far as the growth
and prowress of our movement during the past

 
 

vear are concerned, is of a most gratifying
character At last we are realizing some of
the fruits of the years of unceasing sacrifice,
devotion and uninterrupted work of our fellow-
unionists

The growth of Mr) Gomvers’s organization
ix shown by the following table
Enrollment Jan. 1, 1900, ents eoee 1,004,000
Gain in one yeat 804,000
Local charters tssued boo
International and national unions enrolled, 78
State unions and etty trades counctls 145
Charters issued In 1899 2,464

In other organizations the showing Is as re-

 

   

markaile The folowing table gives the
nutnber of chorters issued by the various crafts
during the vear ending April 1, 1900
Charters Charters

Cratt issued. Craft issued
Miners a:s8 Coopers 20
Hhutehers 33 Pronk makers a
Hrewers 25 Carriage and wagor
Cigar maker 20 makers 10
Tobaceo workers 17 Hroom makers 2A
Tallors 87) Musiclans 12
Garment workers, 33 Hottle blowers 7
Shoe workers 24 Windowglass flatten
Leather workers Zo ers 12
Granite cutters 12 Textile workers «12
Tile ‘ayers 7 Printers 61
Painters 60 Printing pressmen, a
Steamfitters 8 Telegraphers 4
Hacksmilhs 42 Steam engineers ,
Machinists 9 Coal-hoisting eng!
Iron molders ‘0 neers 1
lrou, steel and tin Stationary firemen 24

workers no Street rallway em
Holjlermakers ployees 25
Electrical workers. ‘Team drivers... .. 74
Sheet metal workers Longshoremen 40
Purner Commerctal agents i}
Hicyele makers Hetall cl rks 64
Metal pollshers ‘ Stuge employees 14
Stove mounters 12 Barbers ‘ 82
Pattern makers 1h Hotel and restaurant
Wood workers. 40 employees 18

ry

Wood carvers 1

To supplement these statistics the executive
officers of various labor organizations were
asked, early {n the present year, this question
“In vour opinion, are the prospects favorable
for continued and steady employment?” These
rs are fair samples of all that were re-

  

 

Ans
ceived

Max Morris, Secretary Retail Clerks’ Inter
national Protective Association’ “Yes. . Our
efforts are directed toward shortening the
hours ot labor, and aim to abolish Sunday
labor

William Launer, Secretary Glass Bottle Blow-
ers Yes. The outlook for the future in the
glass blowing Urace ia very bright’

John Kunzler, President Glass Workers:
have no reason to believe that our merhibers will
not be steadily employed for another year at
least

“Wea

bh J. Denney, Secretary [ron Moulders’ Na-
tional Union of Amertea: “Within the last
twelve months have secured an increase in

 

wages and many concessions favorable to our
nbers, all of whom havabeen generally eni-
vad
peCharles [, Conine, Secretary Leather Workers

 

  

on Horse Goods: “Yes. Our organization is
increasing in tuembership and all members
working *

T. Jd. Duffy, Secretary Potters’ National
oo Yes, judging from present = con-
ditions

WJ. Spencer, Secretary United Association
of Plumbers, Gas Fitters, Steam Fitters and
Steam Fitters’ Helpers: “Yes we can

enforce our condilions concerning
we will have steady employment ”
George Godsoe, Secretary Paper Makers’
International Union: “They are Indications
point very favorably toward steady employ-
ment.”
James F
National Union

apprentices

 

McHugh, Secretary Stone Cutters’
“Yes, for a few years.”

Thomas O'Donnell, Secretary Cotton Mule
Rpinners’ National Union: “Yes, prospects

are good for this year, as our manufactures
are contracted for several months ahead ”

H B_ Perham, Secretary Order of Railway
Telegraphers: “As far as 1 know there are
very few telegraphers out of employment
Prospects are favorable for continued and
steady employggent for the telegraphers ”

Other o will ioms from which answers
in the rmative were received the
barbers, cigarmakers, coopers,
gineers, brewery workers, electrical workers,
steam engineers (stationary), firemen (station-
ary), locomotive engineers, locomotive firemen
fron, steel and tin workers; oil and gas wel
workers, longshoremen, machinists, mine-
workers, steel and copper plate workers, prtn-
ters of all languages, pattern makers, stove
mounters, theatrical stage employees, seamen,
tailors, trunk makers, railroad laborers, textile
workers, waiters, cooks and bartenders, and
wood workers

To make the showing more complete an effort
was made to get the statistios of wage increases
during 1897, 1898 and 18% The compilers
of the pamphlet were astonished at the result

are
hoisting en-

 

 

 

of their Investigations, These figures were
obtained from official labor sources
-~——-Wage Increase———
1897, 1406, 1809.

Crafts Percent. Percent. Per cent.
Agents ‘ S si) 20
Bricklayers and stone

masons coeee 10 12 25
Broom makers m0
Bieycle workers 10 20
Boller makers and fron

shipbullders.......... o 10 25
Brickmakers ... «- : : 10
Blacksmiths G00+ese0 * 10
Hrewery workmen eee 10 4
Nakers ove 15
Hook binders 5 10 25
Boot and shoe workers . 5 18
Conductors (retiroad). Very substantia! increase
Coopers 3 4 1”
Curtatn (ace) operators a4
Core makers . 4 12 25
Carpenters . 5 “ 15
Cigar makers tone 6 10
Fngineers (locomo e

tive) Small 12 30
Engineers (eoal-hotst

ing) . 0 50
Flectrical workers ° , 25 25
Fngineers (stationary). . ee 20 BO
Firemen (stationar ee 5
Firemen (lucomotive).... ee ” 40

  
    

  
 
 

——-=

HOW LABOR HAS THRIVED: |

  

1 6, 1900.

 

 

 

  
 

Glass bottle blowers. . ’ “e $
Glass workers. . ss es
Horseshoers .. « 10 10 10
Iron molders. .. see ‘ ‘ 10
Iron, steel and tin

workers..... qecteee 5 a 17
Longshoremen.,......... 10 5 15
Leather workers. . 4&8 15 15
Meat cutters and butcher

workmen.... ‘ ee 25
Metal workers. ........ . 10
Machinists... .. « ©§@ 15 40
Mine workers. ~ 32 26 40
Potters sae 12% ‘
Plum bers, gas and Steam

fitters Sethocetcecne 6
Paper makers : 10
Printers 206 geen * / 10 30
Pattern makers ...... % 15 30
Stonecutters . 5
Spinners (cotton mule).. ; . 22
Stove mounters ° 4 w
Stage employres eseee 25 200 400
Street railway employee B10 12
Seamen testes 5 13 as
Tallors . 1
Tin p ate workers - 18
‘Trunk makers ereeee 10 18
Tile layers... S06 +s a 10
Raflroad laborers........ 5 7 10
Teatlle workers. ...... 0. . 24
Tobacco workers. ....,. 8 15
Upholsterers. ) 4 10 20
Walters and cooks..... 5 10 10
Wood carvers... cccccee f 7%
Wood workers. re > 5 a 15

Thi+ was the record of leaathan three years of
Republican rule, following four years of Demo.
eratic control, Senator Nathan B. Scott of
West Virginia said yesterday:

“With these facta in his mind, how can any
intelligent man vote to instal an Administra-
tion which bas*s its claim to power on the
threat that it will undo all that its predecessor
has done?”

THE TAMMANY PRIMARIES.

 

Observations on the Value of Patronage in

Factional Contests.

There were $30,000 registered voters In New
York county in the Presidential election of
1896, the largest registration before or since.
At the primary election of the two political
parties in New York county on Aug. 28 last
46,000 votes were cast, exactly one in five of
the total number eligible to participate in a
primary contest, In other words, out of evary
five qualified voters four took no part in the
primaries and one did, the political division of
the actual participants being Republican, 22,000
and Democratic, 44,000. The number of votes
east at the Republican primaries would no
doubt have been larger but for the fact that
in thirty of the thirty-five Assembly districts
there were no contests, and no special reasons,

DEAR BARGAINS IN PAWNTICKETS.

 

A Kind of Confidence Game of Which New
Yorkers Are Perennial Vict!ms.

The sale even at a large reduction on their
coinage value of gold bricks in New York is
practically unknown among residents Such
gold bricks are disposed of only to visitors
from backwoods districts in other States. The
trade, once lively, in lottery tickets alleged
to have drawn first prizes ceased when lottery
drawings were abolished, and the sale at a
large reduction of genuine Cuban cigars smug-
gled into the United States by a needy cigar-
maker in Key West has not withstood the en-

lightenment on Cuban affairs which followed | bi v6 announced themselves, but political riots

| San Juan and Santiago

| ring and the loan and the interes.

therefore, for a large attendance of Repub- |

lican electors at the polls, On the Tammany
side there were contests in four districts, two

of them very animated, und as 4 result of these
contests a
called forth
So soon aa the corrected returns of the Tam-
many primaries made their appearance poli-
ticians in various parts of town began figuring
upon the probable effect of the primaries on the
Tammany fall organization in respect to the
fleht of this vear In the Ninth district the
contest between ex-Police Commissioner Shee-
han and Councilman Goodwin was so close -a
mlurality for Goodwin of 96 voteg in a total of
3,000 that the contest has been regarded as a
virtual draw and certain to be renewed next
year, There have been three primary contests
in this district, in September, 1899, March,
19%). and August, 1900. In the first, the Sheehan
faction won by a small majority of 29
of 2500. The next contest was decided in favor
of the Goodwin party by about the same ma-
jority, and the recognition of Mr. Goodwin
as leader, which this primary earried in Tam-
mary
amount of patronage which it was freely pre-
dicted would deprive the Sheehan men of many
of their followers by undermining their sources
of political <trength The returns of the recent
prim - election show, voliticians think, that
the support of the central organization of Tam-
many in matters of patronage is not of much
ace untin he Ninth distret, and that the Shee.
han men willkeenon fighting until the Goodwin

 

 
  

  

 

men are in political phrase, called off or until
they quit

The result of the Tammany contest in the
Seventh Assembly district, a neighboring, if
not nelwhborly, one on the West Side, will net,
politicians think, make’ uch serious difference,
Fast River idge Commissioner Boyle and
former. Alderman Keahon were political and
personal associates for a number of years and

 

 

their present severance of friendly relations is
not the first which has occurred between them
Tnlike Mr. Sheehan, defeated in the Aumust
primaries, Mr. Bovle retains a place which loss
of distriet leadership does not imoneril, and
unlike Mr. Goodwin, the vietor of the recent
primary in the Ninth, Mr. Keahon, who was
successful in the Seventh, holds no office,

In the Third district.where there was a lively
fizht last year,there was none this year and in
the Thirteenth the opponents of the leadership

 

 
    

 

of Mr. Dooling did not rallv strength enough
to he formidable In the Thirty-first district,
fn whieh a vear ago there was a vigorous fleht
hetwaen the Hoppe ur Welde factions, Mr
ypper had an ea vietory this vear, and in
The RBronsy there were no serious contests in
either the Thirty-fourth or the Thirty-fifth
district
The practical effect, in a political way, of
the recent Taromany Hall primaries will .
politicians think, te stimulate faetional d
sensions in ‘Tarsmany, since the iselessness
of patronage a determining factor in a men-
etional fl@ht has been demonstrated
Republican organization had afew
fight< on hand in the August primaries, but
none Oo enduring account

BUFFALO CANDIDATES,

 

Many of Them at State Conventions, but Few
of Them Nominated,

Since New York has been a State, the city of
Buffalo has on only furnished a
Governor, ard the candidate so elected did not
serve out his term. At the same time Buffalo
has almost unlformly d some aspirant for
nomination at the headof one of the party
tickets, such candidates in recent years being
as follows

one occasion

1868—WiliamG Farco, Remoecrat
1876—Willlam Dorshetmer. Democrat
1842—Grover Cleveland, lemocrat.
14g5—James D. Warren, Renublican
1491 Phillip Becker Repudilean

14594—JamesA Roberts, Renubitean
1896—James A. Roberts, Republican
1898 Robert C. Titus, Democrat

1990—William Fo Mackey, Democrat

Mr. Fargo was an early Mayor of Brffalo,
elected as @War Democrat. and after four years
{no office he aspired to a nomination for Gover-
nor Ee was defeated by a combination ve-
tween the New York and Brooklwn delegates
Mr. Dorsheimer was elected [ieutenant-Gover-
rer on_the Democratic tleket with Tilden in
1874. His father had been State Treasurer and
he was slated for promotion when his chief,
Mr. Tiden, Was nominated ‘orthe Presidenc,
at St. Louis. He was defeated in the conven-
tion by Horatlo Seymour, who subsequently
declined the nomination F

Inthe Republican State Convention of 1885,
James TD farren, a conspicuous Erie county

tenublican. was favored for the nomination tor
Governor by Repnblicons in the western part of
the State, but was defeated by Ira Davennert
In the Kerublican State Convention of 1801,
Philp Becker, who had been Mavor of Buff lo,
was a candidate for the namination to th ofee
of Governor at Rochester until the support of
Kings was thrown to Senator Fassett, who was
nominated. In 1864 and 1496, James A. Roberta,
Stete Commtroller, was.a cindidate for the Re-
publican nomination

In the Demrecratic conv ntion at Syracuse
which nominet d Angurtus Van Week for Gov-
ernor in 1808, Judge Robert C. Titus, who had
been a ceptidate for Court of Appeals Judge on
the Brvan State ticket two vears before, was
strong!y supported by Buffalo delecates and
tho-e from the western conun‘ies of the State
for Governor
Judes Titus stood second on the list

Willam Fo Mackey, Senator from oneof the
Frie county districts, has heen a candidate for
the Demoeratio nomination for Governor all
summer, and his friends expect for him a large
measure of supnert in the western counties of
the State, Erie included. What would seem to
be an apparent diverimination against the po-
litieal rignts of the citv of Buffolo in the
past history of New York fs quite ensily
explained For political purnoses the State
is divided into two narte, the metropolitan
counties and the "p-State or rural connties
Erie, which includes the large city of Ruffalo,
is not imp rtantenongh to challenge the 're-
ponderance of New York and Rrooblyn when a
city menisato he nominated: and hen one or
other of the roliiiesl parties determines uroen
the nomination ef an up-State candidate with
the assurance or probability of rural support,
geographical considerations favor a selection
from some central city rather than from Buffelo,
which ie in the extreme western part of the
State. Usually, the two parties are very evenly
divided in the city of Buffalo, but the eountry
towns of Frie eive, generally, a Renublican
matority. Toeal pride ia not very strong in
Ruffalo and the nomiaation of a candidate from
that city toa place on the State ticket does nof
usually make much of a break in the party
lines of Nis opponents or bring much new sup-
port to his own

 

Fighting on a Chimney Top.
From the Chicago Intes Orcan

AKRON, Ohio, Sert. 10 —Onascaffeld five by
three feet on the top of a smokestack seventy
feet high this aftern on Policemen William
Caldwell and Henry Ole-on hed a desperate
fight with Curtis Jackson, abre: mason who
had got drunk while at work. (ther workmen
seeing Juckson in imminent danger of ‘alling
called th: officers. Jackson fought like a tiger,
twice nearly succeeding in throwing Oleson to
the ground before he was overpowered and
bound hand and foot. There was but one way
to get him to the ground. A rope was tied se-
curely around him and he was lowered bya
pulley, screaming and cursing the whole way

disproportionately large vote was |

ina vote |

Hall, seeured to the Goodwin party an |

But there is one form of local confidence

dealing which it appears to be impossible to
overthrow, and which is peculiarly local to
New York: New Yorkers are always the vic-
tims of it. It is the trade in pawntickets, the
conditions of which method for raising the wind
are very simple An adventurous inaiviaual
has pawned, or says he has pawned, an articie
of personal property, for whieh he has @ ticket
He declares that he is willing to sell it for a
small proportion of the difference between
its value and the sum advanced upon it A
ng to the value perhaps of $100 is pledged for
2 The difference between the value of the
upon it is

 

apparently $70. The holder of tr
clares his willingness to sell it for $35, sacri-
ficing thereby $55 of value, as he explains,
sooner than forfeit the whole sum
Chaser, convinced by the declarations of the
man with the ticket, pays , only to tind that
the marketable value of the ring is, at most,
$50, and for a fifty-dollar ring he has had to pay
$25 to the pawnbroker as principal, $5 as inter
est, and #36 to the seller of the ticket, a total
of $10 more than the ring would cost if bought
direct, while the man with the ticket has fora
fifty-dollar ring received $25 from the pawn-
broker and $35 [rom the purcuaser of the ticket,
a total of $60

Such is the method of those who deal dis-
honestly in pawn tickets, but there is another
variation of the game, which is perhaps better
calculated to deceive the sophisticated pur-
chaser. Two articles of personal property, one
of them worth $50 and the other worth $10, are
yawned for about hall their value. ‘The pawn-
Broker issues two tickets, one for $5 on the
filty-dollar article and one tor $25 on the ten-
dollar article The holder of the tickets pro-
ceeds to sell for perhaps $5 advance the ticket
which shows a twenty-five dollar loan on an
article prestynably worth considerably more

 

| than that. ' With the $5 he takes cut the more

valuable article and leaves to the purchaser
gain in the transaction, the task of taking out
the leas valuable article on the larger ticket.
The pawnbroker suffers nothing from the
transaction. He gets back both rincipal
and interest. The man with the ticket loses
nothing, but the innocent purchaser is separated
from several dollars of hie cash holdings with-
out any adequate return by a method which
is well calentated to deqeive any but an ex-
perienced person.

The trade in pawn tickets is so general and
so lively that it continues almost uninterrupt-
edly, and such is the confidence in their own
sagacity of some purchasers that even after
having been deceived they find an attraction
in dealings in stores onen for the sale of _un-
redeemed pledges, of which the number in New
York has been increasing considerably of late.

FRUIT OFFERING.

By the Suggestion of Dr. Edward Everett
Hale the Farmers of New England Are to
Share Their Apples With the Poor of Beston,

From the Roston Evening Tranacript

New Fngland apple trees have been heavt!y
weighted down with fruit this season, and if
they wished every farmer could find a ready
market for every apple that has ripened into
tempting beauty The New England farmer
has a big heart, however, and he does not forget
the more unfortunate in the city who have no
apples because they have no money to buy, and
so the Farmers’ Fruit Offering has come to be
one of the bappiest of all the harvest festivals
of the year

Four years ago when apples were a delight
in the land Dr Edward Everett Hale made the
suggestion that if the farmers would remember
the poor of the city they would fully appreciate
every apple given them, The idea met with
instant favor and the farmers generously sent
on apples by the carload, and the good work
was helped on by the managers of the Boston
and Maine, the Boston and Albany, andthe New
York, New Haven and Hartford railroads, for
they promised to transport free all the apples do-
nated tothe city of Boston Se Uiis work came
to be a brane of the Lend-a-Hand Society, and
every vear when there is an overabundance of
troit the offering is sure to come

Three weeks ago applications began to come
to Mrs. Bernard Whitman, Lend-a-Hand office,
and promises of fruit also fluttered in from the
daily mails like autumn leaves. Mrs Whitman
aod Mr. Griggs will give all informationregara-
in the reception and « istribution of the fruit,
as the location for both are soon to be decided
upon. Mrs. Whitman says that the health of
the city was greatly increased by the generous
Gistribution

In order to carry on the work to the best
advantage a warehouse has to be secured
likewise a man with a cart. Then when word
is received that a carload of apples is on the
road the fruit can be at once eared for and cis-
tributed without the loss of an apple.. Through
the Associated Charities and other organizations
the poor receive car
wift of the fulness of the land

FARWERS'

 

Nearly every one

 

receives a peck, and where the family numbers
many a more liberal allowance is made. All
who are able carry the fruit home them-

selves, but a large number who are aget or
ill have it carrie. to their doors, Diet kitchens
welcome the apples fortheir cooking, and many
a hospital and institution is remembered, :

It was estimated that during the firet seascn
5,605 bushels were distributed on 5,816 orders,
which represented over 50,000 people, and
so systematically was the work done that
all the fruit went to the very people whem

 

the farrers themselves would have chosen
as recipients. The maiority who ask for ap-
ples are the

respectalty poet of American

or English birth By the last of the month

the apples will begin to come in from all the
New England farms

HEADGEAR FOR HORSES.

 

Straw Hats and Parasols Among the Varieties
Seen tn the Streets,

There are made for the protection of the

horses’ head from the rays of the sum in sum-

mer sunstiades of various styles, these being

| among the regular articles of equipment to be

On the determining bailot |

found in the horse goods stores, Besides such
shades big sponges are often used for thir
purpose, tied upon the tup of the horse's head,
and kept saturated with water. Occasionally
there may be seen tied between the horse's ears
to serve this protection purpose a big cabbage
leaf, this being An old device

Something decidedly unusual as a head pro-
tector was one seen this season, consisting of a
woman's sun umbrella, spread over the head of
the horse of a vender, who had doubtless picked
the umbrella up from some lot of refuse stuff
set out to be carried away, The umbrella stick
was tied to the horse's bridle, running down the
side of the horse's head, with the handle end of
the stick projecting below the horse's lips
The open umbrella, earried above the tips of the
horse's ears, spread out back well over the
horse's neck, and of course equally far beyond
the sides of the head, and, in front, well out
over the horse's forehead. This was certainly
an odd protection covering for a horse's head,

| but vet not so striking as anothér sort of odd

| ous

|

covering that is more or less often seen, this
being an old straw hat put to that use

The straw hat thus used may be one of com-
monplace shape and old and battered, or it may
be one both symmetrical and picturesque: such,
for example, was one seen the other day in Broad-
way This was a hat such as a farmer might
wear at work in the flelds, or like staw hats of
a kind worn by bathers, It had a high, conical
crown and a wide, drooping, sloping brim
Holes had been made threugh the hat, one on
either side, just at the base of the crown, for the
horse's ears, which projected upward through
them to the full length of the tall and com-
paratively slenderears, tapering up thus one on
either side of the central cone of straw

Carried off well on the head of a sturdy, vigor-
cart horse, this striking head protector
fixed many an eye

 

 

AIT THE TORPEDO WITH A HAMMER,

Curtosity of Filipinos Ov
Poeamatic Gun Was Costly to Them.

A Volunteer sergeant who returned from
Manila a few days ago was asked by a friend
whether he saw any of the work of pneumatic
guns and aérial torpédoes while there and said

“L saw just one shot fired and the effect was
great) The long missile flew through the air
and fell right in the enemy's trenches We
waited five or ten minutes for the explosion
and then the air seemed to be filled with dirt
and rocks and chunks of Filipinos) We rushed
to the trenches then and learned from one
of the wounded prisoners that they all won-
dered what the strange thing was and thought
that it carried some kind of a comforting mer-
sage from Boston sympathizers, so they tried
to een it with a hammer

“With the aid of a curious enemy 1 think
aérial to oes will be @ great success

“The long brass case contained twelve
pounds of explosive gelatine,

the Work of a

  

ticket de- |

The pur-"

 

i7S)=6BIG

TO HAVE
Nov.

THE ISLAND

ELECTION DAY ON

Delegate to Congress Will Be Chosen and a
Legistatare Selected—Vartisanship Renning
High Already—Three Persons Killed at a
Political Row in Mayaguer—The Outlook.

Rico, Sept. 3.—Nov. 5&

  

San JUAN, Porto

is election day in Porto Rieo as well as in the

| aguez

 

a

s which entitle them to a |

 

 

United States, At the present writing the
signs of the times indicate thit it will be a red-
letter day. The campaign has not really begun,
no nominations have been made, few candidates

are already epidemic. As early as ten days
aco three persons were killed and many
wounded at a political disturbance in May-
At Juana Divz last week one woman
met her death while near a ght over the com-
tng election, and several others were wounded
more or leas seriousty. Other political rows
which have resulted in many personal injuries
ot a serious character have occurred in Ponce
and other towns of the sland. At Carolina @
political assassin attempted the life of the
Alealde, and th» Alcalde lay at the point of
death for several days, although he finally re
covered. He received two severe gashesin the
head and one in the neck froma machete which
the assassin wielded ina pharmacy of the city,

One reason, besides the excitable nature of
the people, is assig able for the general disore
der and lack of di-cipline of the police, whick
permits disturbances. The local police have
strange ideas of duty, They know no other
master than the political party which has cree
ated them and believe that they must defend
their chieftains and declare war on their politlk
cal ehemies. Gov. Allen and his associates are
planning to relieve the situation by extending
the jurisdiction of the insular police, which
body is controlled by the American authorities,
At present the fisular policemen, the only effi-
cient force on the island for preserving order,
are confined in their operations to the rural
districts. In most cases their posts are out of
the towns, at least an hour's distance from the
centres of population. The mun cipal police of
all of the cities are contro led by the politteal

leaders of the district. For,this reason the

of the ticket, who supposes that he has a bar- | moteof pr cedure inthe arrest and proseou-

tion of cr minalsis varied according to the po
liieal complexion of the offender. In Maya-
guez there wasa glaring instance of this, If
the murdered man is of one political faith, the
accused is a martyr, if of another, he is @

criminal

The police reports show that practicaty all of
the criminals of consequence are captured by
the Insular Police and that rarely without their
assistane: is a perpetrator of a crime brought
tothe br of justice.

Asan exemple of the s!ack manner of pro-
ceeding with criminals who are implicated in
political disturbances the procedure of the
Mayague’ authorities 6 interesting, Both
parties, Federal and Kepublican, h ve cis'riots
in which they are in control. The Republicans
eontrol the Municipal Court and the Federals
the District Court, Fach claimed jurisdiction
ayvainst the rioters, The three men kil ed were
Federals and some of those w unde | were Re-
pullicans. Here occurred possibly the most
remarkable judicial political controversy thas
could be conceived by the American sind

Nine persons were arres ed, but no charges
bad vet heen fied againstthem, Without any
ev dence before them, and before any charges
had been preferred, the political leadera, adyvis-
ers, Judges avd police authorit es got together
fo Seilie the dis ule over the question of jurise
dicton, Acompromise was abou!’ to be effected,
The) roposal was made that both Cour's} roceed
with the investigation, but hat it be agreed in
advatice that the charge to be made should not
be greater than a certain degree of homicide

But when it came to decic ing the nature of the
crime they disagreed The Mu icipal Judge
sug@ested homicide, ine ti ga riot and other
crimes, to whieh the Distrie! Attorney made no
reply at the time. Later he recomme ded that
the court decide thatthe men wer: killed by
shots fired by unknown persons during ariot
and thus let the matter dr p. The Municipal
Judge would not agree to this proposition ap
expressed himself as dete mined to push the
e se and punish the euiity. The District Court
then interfere !, Tt appointed one of its Judges,
Mr. Ramon Nadal, asas ecial judge to investi-
wate the case indeper dently of the steps takeR
by the Municipal court

The nine’ en injail atthe time were promptly

set at liberty by Jucwve Nadal. The matter was
brought tothe attention of the Atrorne: -Gene
erslatSan Juan. He telegraphed the District
Court to return the proceedings to the Muntc-
inal Court, Instead of obeying they wired to
Mr. Russell4hat they would start for San Juan.
At orney-General Russell revdered an opinion
upon the question of jurisdiction after hearing
both sides and directed the Municipal Court to
proceed with the trial of the accused The
srisoners as Wellas the community will now
fav the benefit of aleast a judicial decision,
whatever may be ita character

Since the fatal riot nearly_every man in
Mayaguez carries arevoiver, The Alcalde has
directed that the usual night meet nes of both
parties be suspended for afew weeks. ‘Never-
theless the wordy war still continues and the
feeling ik intense. Soexcitable are the neople
that when some one exploded a firecracker on
te plaza theother night a general stampede
followed. A scramble at the Casino on Sunday
night brouchtthe dancing to an earlier close
than usual. but fortunately no casualities are to
be reported Itis now well recognized that «
failure to provide an impar i | central directing
authority of Americans, such as. we have in
Gov. Allen and his Cabinet, would have been a
serious error and would have resulted in great
danger to li e and property

The elections will be cee. On Nov. 6 the
people will elect a delegate to Congress and the
thirty-five membe's of the Hou-e of | elegates,
th lower house of the Legislature, which will be
called to meet onJan. 1. Itis not soe diMecult to
count votes in advance in Porto Rico vs it is in
the United States, as mostof the voters can be
accounted for and are epro led upon the regis-
terof oneor the other of the roiitiow | artes,
THE SUN corres ondent ventures the predio-
tiin that a Federal will be elected Delegate to
Congress and that the Repu! licars will havea
majority in the lower house of the Legislature,
The Federal candidates for the nomination of
their party have not come out yet, but it is bee
lieved that it will be a Mayaguez man, The Re-
rub! can candidates are Moteo Fajardo of Maye
agucz, Federico Degatau of San Juan and
Zeno Gandia of Ponee. The last named was one
ot the lobbyists sent to Washingto: last winter
in the nt rests of the island

The office of Delegate is considered the highe
est honor within the giftof the pecple, but the
position of Speaker of the House o Del gates
is regarde’ as more imrortant If the Federals
areinthe majority Mufioz Rivera, the oele-
bratei leader and boss of the party, who visited
Washington a ye rago and was rather coolly
receiv en aceount of his anti-American
policy, willbe chosen as Speaker. If the Ree
publicans sre anccessful (which is more haa
likely) Manuel Rossy, first lieutenant to Dr.
Jos*® Barb sa, the leader of the party, ts slated
for the offlee. ‘The Republican party supports
the Au rican Administrition upon the tari
billand other measures The Federals d-man
more autenomy and are anti-American in their
toier, The following if an_extract from
Diario de Puerto Rico, the official organ of the
Federal party which is edited y Mufios
Rivera. The descriptive comment refers to a
flesta or holiday celebration at Carolina last
week and is characteristic of their attitude,
The translation is quite literal:

“Carolina presented a gay appearance. At
the entrance of the town andon tie pleza prine
cipal triumphal arches, bunting and flag
everywhere, with the cold and red [Federa
colors) andthe white andred [Porto Rican flag)
colors. Inthatecrand co cert of colors there
was a discordant note in the shape of an Amerie
ean flag and bunting, displayed at the home of
the Republican Club.”

The first political contest was upon a ge
mancer The Reoublicans cloim a victory in
the committee room, which will probably be
approved by the Executive Council, The Exeo=
utive Counctl, which is also the u per house of
the Legislature, is composed of six Americana
and five Porto Ricans. Of the Porto Ricans
two are Republican, two Federal and one is ine
dependent. In sceordance with the Foraker
law, at the meeting of the council last Wednes-
day, it trooeeded with the work of dividing the
island into political districts, each district bein
entitled to five representatives in the House
Delegates

A committee of five, composed of the 4we
Porto Rican members, was appoint d to report
aplan which would comp y with the law re
garding ‘he districting of the is and. The come
mittee wil pressntto the Coune!l two report
the m jority report indorsed by the independen'
and thetwo Republican members anda minority
report indorsed by the two Federal members,
The Re ublicans upon thie division claim they
will elect twenty of the thirty-fiv: delegate...

In the muniec pal elections held last sprin
there were 51,170 votes cast in the whole island,
The Federals received 28.969 and the Republi.
cans 22,258. @ Federal maioritv of 611. The
same qualifications fr voters are provided
by the Foraker jaw in the coming election as
waar enforced by the military ord rs last year,
The quolific tions are that voters must be able
to read or wri'e or must be taxpayers.

 

 
 

A MATTER OF INTEREST TO REAL
ESTATE DEALERS,

All neces<arv Real Estate News is t
comenete Gotah “ee day ip van Son Dyated :

« in your business. No other paper @ipes
such attention to this detail,—Ade,

POLITICS IN PORTO RICO,