STEPPED INTO A NEW FLAT,

wow A YOUNG WIFE MADE MOVING
EASY FOR HER HUSBAND,

The Exchange From tho Trials of » Boarding
Uvuse to All the Comforts of Home tna
4osey Apartment Was, to Have Been Ac-

en

of the House - How the Experiment Worked,
ahead and get the flat, then,” said
crackUng his morning paper for the
» of gently intimatng that he'd like to be
troread the headlines, anyhow, in peace.
to yYou=my ante-—-um-—" And just

”

thing on the paper’s front page |

eye and the remainder of his re-
fled away to a mere mumbling
wife, sitting opposite him at the
« of the boarding-house room,
hairpins in determinedly. Then

removed the newspaper from his

vays reading, or writing, or romp-

he pup, or something, when you're at

i cell this he. ne"—and she glanced
boarding-house room in a highly

watory intnner—"“so that I never have a
ed roinute to talk to you, I'm going to
i this morning if you never read that

crossed his lees, folded his hands

{ gloomy ‘Well, zo on,” he anid,

i deep sith and gazing longingly at
sperof which he had been deprived

id you think ef that breakfast we had

she inquired, looking at him

ion the way upstairs that I
ithe wr -that T reg aeded it as
s and immoral breakfast?” re-

, looking around hopelessly and

» fox terrier pup by snapping

ev alone for a moment,” said
depositing the pup in her lap
marding-houseest breakfast that
rather, didn'teat,” she continued,
i" uarely in the eyes, “It was
vd call feree 4nd I am just starved
Lar And to hear that domineer-
tolk vou'd actually think she was
nthe fat of the land. Pork chops
¢—I declare to goodness, gracious
that Uve dreamed three nights in

jon that Pd turned inte a pig”
in began to softly whistle the “Anvil

mind that now,” said she, catching
cance of the tune. “The lindlady

~ to be ‘knocked,’ as you say, so she |

<ten to her vou'd think that she

w ta boarding house out of purely

hropic motives. She's forever hinting

ot how she not only loses money on us all,

he spends every penny of her ‘income |
lifornia property’ on the table—did |

n your born days’? And I'm becom-
sick and tired of having her tell me that
er and her brother-in-law in San Fran-

care the very swellest people on the whole
Coast

“There was once a hammersmith who built

a wnole battleship all by ber—I mean all by

hiris put in the man. irrelevantly “By

the way, didn’t T hear you laughing and chat-

her room about

ting with the landlady down in
ten minutes ago?
t so't make any difference if you did,”
the man's wife, not breaking ground
"One has got to be pleasant
vf suppose,”

(hen, ¢ » paused for a moment with a
finger at her lip, the man said plaintively “If
that's all, suppose vou'll let me read my paper
how, won't you’

vit it's nor all it's not even the beginning,”
she, looking energetic again, “We're
housekeeping

hih-wems to me I've heard you sag
vwiore -no later than four minutes ago
1 aceorded you full and free permission

and do the same.” said the man

his is Monday, isn't ?° went on the man's

“Very well, we're going to be installed
next Saturday

tlazive us plenty of action for our

l the mar However, you're It.

ne all right *

going to re a flat up in Harlem be-

{ ery day's low descending sun has
descended she went on About four rooms

ind a buth is. what we want. and [ know just
he fat that T think Pil select. After renting

Um going right dawn town and pick out the

imiture | knew a place where we can get

ervtling we will need on instaliments, by
ne so much down. IT suppose it would
juite useless for me to ask you to accom-
furniture?

‘Qilte,” said the man, whose strong point
Is candor You certainly are picking up.

We wont have to get dishes, you know,”
she vent on Or does your memory of house-
Noid affair. hark back to that remote period,

months ago, when we broke up housekeep-
ing in Washington, and I turned over all of the
c ind brie-a-braec to my sister Emma to
( i for me until such time as we went
' vsekeepinag here?

you?” inquired the man, with an
rise Well, that'll be a sav ng of
after we've paid the freight on the

Washington to New York, won't it?” |

his reflection upon the quality of
che wenton “I'll send a special
to Emma this evening, asking
the dishware and bric- » and
ere at once by fast fr t It ‘
sre by Saturday, won't it?
lial the man, qazing vearnfully
rain Nothing doing.”
t tk here by Saturuay, any-
t," she continuel. “Very well,
ttle We shall be installe t by Sat-

yan shifted around uneasily in his chair,
is wife began to make preparations to

ere,” said he, weakly, after awhile,

willing to go to housekeeping again

it vou know Ff am—just erazy to, in

t eoulin't you--r--just postpone it
nyger?

or?” she inquire !, impaling him with

whieh caused him to wriggle more

ving Is auch a blooming nuisa
['d rather fight the Boxer

[njua tl wouls, than move -every-
nel upsice Cown and that painty
Isior seattere i all over the floor
to eat for a couple of days but
atoes and raw apples, and portiére
i pleture frames and = crockery ware
pans and truck like that all over the
and all that sort o' thing, you know,
miserable job, moving, now, isn't it?"
veak male person looked up at his wife

t's got to be done some time or other,
hot a bit of use in life that f ean
2 it off from week to week, as you
joing for about three months uow,”
ly comfort the man receive t
looket dismally reflective for @
Theo his face brightene 1 up and he
thigh (‘ve got a swell schemel”
rapturously
vou?” aaid the man's wife, in-
plying the chamois to her nose

wit reaching for her lat with |

ever,” said theman, “Won't

roo} thimg for me not to see the

ifter you've gol it all fixed up,

on Saturday afternoon, like
rssesdion of his palace?

woulin't be #o bad, would it?”

tinger at her lip The itea

She olin't stop to think how he

» the heat of the arrangement

w that he would be absolutely useless,

than useless, if she requisitione t his

issist her in making the flat ready

paney Moreover, she really syrnpa-

ihinsin his positive horror of moving

wenton, “that would be real

vt it--vour just walking into your

ittle home when it's all fixed up and

' ever,” said the man, looking @reatly
a lea By jinks, that was a
mine, wasn't it? You see,” he

it grandly, “I ve got a lot of very
work to do at the office this wees,

ld throw me off badly if T were to be
“| alot of moving business, you

| know -you poor dear, you are ferri-
rked at that old office,” she said
it her out of the slants of his eves
vas chaffing him, but she appeared
8, whereupon he rather began to
mealf that life wae becoming one

tory of toiling and moiling for him
'Wasallarranged. Downin the deens
man consid d it pretty crafty
'to have suggested that scherne of
t already for him to atroll into,
tint even admit this to his every-
IS Tess n fact, when his wife an-
him on Monday evening, when he
the boarding house from his office
vf rented the flat she had had
id. “T believe TH just run up this

have a look at the flat, eh?’
“ she hastily put in, “That
i} our little plan, You are not to
1 peek until you just walk in and
i ’ h, you know,”

blutt ghted that ahe hadn't calle’ his
that au tas the week wore on he began to think
ine U* as favoring her mightily by consent-

day r naway from the flat until moving

The Pooms are not exactly what you could

nplished Under Mer Manogemeut, With |

the Least Porstble Incor vemtence tothe Head | from her sister in Washington, stating that the

nv me in order to ald me in selecting the

 

call-«?f lef ze, you know,” she said to him on
Wednesiny, “and I do hope you won't givea
‘ong whistle when you see the flat, and make
ron fia such a8 one is f fyi? seeing in the
vomic papers about Harlem fate.”

“Who, me?” feplied the man. “Now, d'ye
honestly think I'd be mean enough to do that,
after all the trouble you've gone to?” and be
looked quite injured until she patted him cB
the head and told him thatshe knew he wouldn't
be so mean

On Wednesday morning she received a letter

dishes, brie-d-brac, bedding, &c., had been

shipped to New York on the previous Gey |

and were due to arrive on Friday. “Phan
Good ness that's allsettied, then,” said the man's

wife to the man I suppose the railroad peo- ,
ple'll just deliver the stuff right at the flat, |

won't they?*

“Well, T dues not,” replied the man, “Didn't
your sister send you the bill of lading?”

“Nao” she eonfied

“Well, vou'd better wire her to send it,

| then,” said the man, discouragingly., “You

can't get freight away from a railroad oom-
pany without a bill of lading any more than
you can get your wash from a Boxer without
a ticket, When the stuf arrives, the rail-

+ road company sends you a postal card notl-
{ over to where he sat and gently |

fleation that is, after ‘he ratlroad company
yawns and thinks it over for an indeterminable
period and then you present your. bill of

ading and get what's coming to you, the same ,

being more or tess wrecked and flattened out
in transit, sve!”

“Oh, I see,” aaid she, inwardly wondering |

over the vast extent of her husband's knowl-
edge, and then she rushed out and telegraphed
to ber sister in Washington to forward the
bill of lading by special delivery

busily engaged in packing, “Well, To was
up at the flat to-day,” she said, “and the furni-
ture Was just urriving whea 1 got there—you
just ought to see the lovely buffet table I got
for $12.90!" she added enthusiastically, “The
men didn't feteh the carpets -they said they'd

| have to send them to the factory, of something

like that--but they're sure to be up by to-
morrow morning, and they'll all be down by
noon, and you're net to walk inte the flat untl
6 in the evening, You know

“Uh-huh aid the man, “Been notified
ret by the freight people of the arrival of your
gear from Washington?

“No, not vet she replied, cheerfully, “but
| expect the notification the first thing in the
morning the rnotifeation wont come here,
you know. i'll be delivered at the flat, to which
the things are consigned

“Oh, that's it, is it’ said the man, not very

; confidently uo how de you know it's a4

cineh that vou'll get the stuf to-morrow —and
are vou going to do tor dishes and bed-
Sunday if the stuff doesn't get in?”

, don't cross bridges until you reach
them.” said she, playfully putting her hand
over bis mouth Just vou leave it all to me,
fs vou agreed to, You'll just walk into one
of the cheeriesi and cosies1 little fiats in all
New York to-morrow evening, and = surely
that ought to satisfy you

Al! right,” said the man, not with any par-
ticular enthusiasm, however. “It's all up
to you, you know, my dear.”

The fate(al Saturday dawned dark and murky,
The man gave his nightkey to his wife to be
<urrendered to the philanthropic landlady of
the bourding house, and received his Anal in-
structions as to his strotling into lis new home
in the neighborhood of 6 P.M. He had got
half way down the stens, on his way to his
office, when he hurriedly turned abodt and
reéutered the boarding house room, “By the
way,” said he to his wife, “just jot down ona

piece of paper the address of my new home, |

will you? T clean forgot to ask you the exact
number, and it would be mighty taconvenient
sending out c@enerntalarm for you this evening,
wouldn't it?"

Thev laughed over the fun contained in the
ides of a man not knowing th: addres of a
new home he was on the point of tacing pos-
session of, and the he went to his
office

The man arrived at the flathouse at a quarter
past 6. He glanced up at the third-floor win-
dows, his wite having informed him that their
new fat was on the third floor, but no light
proceeded from the windows She's probably
in the back part of the flat,” said the man to
himself, and then he rang the janitor'’s bell
inorder to find out which of the array of electric
buttons in the vestibule communicated with
his flat) The janitor touched the button for
him, and after @ pause the short clicks came
that announced to the man the fact that his
wife was really present in the flat, despite the
darkness in the windows (hereo!. He found
the door leading into lis fat locked when he
tried, it, and so he knocked. He heard foot-
steps as of some one cautiously feeling the
way within, and then a voice

Is that vou, Jack?” said his wife’s voice
from within

“Uh-huh,” he replied. “Lemme into my
\laddin’s palace.”

She opened the door, but the darkness was
so intense that he could barely see her. When
he reached opt for her and vestowed upon her
the usual salutation he found that her face was
wet with tearm. “Hello!’ said he *What's
the matter? What are you sitting here in the
dark for? Why don't fou light the @aa?”

*Jed-iack,” she sobbed, I t-t-toriret to a-@-go
toth office and m-ta-make the d-d&deposit,
and s-s-s0 Chore tun't any w-sestas, Aad won't be
until, Monday ihey've g-x-eot to have a
d-d-deposit, you know.’

flutyt that's bully. ag't it?” said the man,
comforthiely Weil, [ s'pose we'll have to get

) it tidies until Monday, then, eh?”

ves they'll d-d-do torliaht,* she replied,”
daubpiag at her eyes with a little wad of a hand
kerehie b-b-but how am - gojig to
Theth-there’ ly ag-e-sras range, and I d-d-did
expee’ t-t-to have such a lovely little d-d-dinner
for You Wheu vou g-g-got home!"

Oh, well.” said the mas, making a dreary,
effort to be cheert ul, “cut out the weeps, anyhow;
here's a good geirl We can go out and eat
can't we m woing to run around and fin
a geocery and buy a bunch of candies, so's I
ean see how you're fixed here, anyway,” he
said, aid he was off with a rush. When he
return with the cnndles he found that he
had dried her eves, but she was still far from
hilariou fle struck a match to light a few of
the candles, and while he was dolag so she
eald

‘TL do hope you won
small.”

He held a couple of candies up above his head
so na to get a view of the tiny rooms

“Say, it looks like an observation car, doesn't
it?" said he witha erin, Then he yelled out,
“All abourd! causing sepulchral echoes to
resouud throughout the flat

"Now, Tjust knew you would say something
like that. and you promised me you wouldn't
snid hix wife, once more relapsing into @ cascade
ol tears, Hetook her to his bosom and squared
hunself, andthen he picked up the candles
and looked aound Bunched in the middle of
each room was the obviously new furniture
thereor, but the floors were bare

By the way,” said the man, “I thon@ht the
furniture folks were going to put down the
carpets to-day?”

“They didn't come,” she replied, dabbing
away at her swollen eves

“Hult said the man. “Didn't they put up
the bed, either?”

*No," she replied hopelessly, “the man said
they never put up beds for people. The people
have to do that themselves.”

Ol, that's it, is it?" <aidthe man, groping his
way about. ‘Then he pulled off his coat and put
up the brass-and-white bed in the & x 10 bed-
room After he had spread the mattress over
the bed, he said: “Well, we'll turn in early to-
night, and you might as well make the bed, eh?”

“[ can't make it,” &he said, weary "7
haven't anything to make it with, The hoxes
with the bedding in ‘em haven't core from
Washington vet.”

‘Gee' the game's coming pretty awift, isn't
aid the man Noulda't have been such
jo to've postponed this thing for a week
ifter all, would it?”

en they went out and got dinner at a Har-
lem restaurant The man absent-mindedly
bought the last editions of (ye evening papers
and tried to read them by candle light when
he returned to the flat It was no go, bowever,
and he gave it up when bis eyes bewan to smart
after five mitiiies or so

For pillows and bed coverings that night and
Sunday night they used old bot robes, skirts,
Ax They went out to breakfast and. dinner
at the Iittle Harlem restaurant on Sunday,
and the man spent the remainder of the day
sitting afound gloomily in the bare rooma,
reading the Sunday papers with the air of a
murtyr. “Well,” said he, on Monday morning
when he was refidy to go out for an early break-
fast on his way to the office, “I'l just drop by the
gas office and make the deposit this morning,
and the man'll be along to turn On the gas.”

» spoke he rick a match to light a
cigurette. One of the diminutire chande-
liers was directly over his head, and he Un-
consciously reached up, turned on the cock
of one of the jets and touched thematch to the
tip The gas flamed up merrily

lhe man and his wife looked at each other
peculiarly

“Why, the gas has been turned on all the
time, hasn't it? aid she

“Obviously,” said the man, with a trace of
sarcasm in bis tone

*} suppose the janitor forgot to notify the
gas people to turn it off when the other folks
moved out of this flat they only went away
last week, you know,” she said

Hubtand my eves are popping out of my head
from trying to read by eandle light,” Said the
man ind with © refrigerator full of spofling
atoff that you bought on Saturday we've been
going out to our meals ot a dinky Harlem
resiaurant for the lack of gas to operate the
gisrangs Well, what d've think o' that?) And
you never even tried it to see if it was turned
my?

“i. the man was passing out the entrance
to the flat the janitor stopped him “Hey, boas,"
said the janitor, “is this here postal for youre?
Tt wot here las’ Friday, but I didn't know nottin
bout no such name. Jes’ happened t' tink
it might b'long t" youse new people

The postal card was from the railroad Com-
pany, netifving the man thats'indry and divers
boxes andbarrels that had been shipped to
him from Washington were waiting for him a
Pier No So-nnd-30 The man took the postal
card up to hia wife and silently handed It to her

Then,” said sh fter reading it, “we might
have had our bedding all the time, mightn't

tthink the rooms are too

“Talk about your cite and emey homeal”
aid the brute, as he once more started for his
oMce

TO HOUSE THE BACHELOR.

NEW KIND or LODGING-HOUSE
KABEPERS IN NEW YORK.

They Are Foreigners in the Main—Their More |
| tility and other considerations make rents

Busioess-like Methods—Differences Beo-
tween Them and the Landladies of the
Vast-Matter of Rooms for Unmarried Men,
The old-fashioned landlady of New York's
lodging houses is disappearing along with the
oyster house, the Englieh waiters in the chop-
houses and some of the other figures of city
life a decade or more ago The landlady's
disappearance is not yet so complete as that of
the other landmarks mentioned and she still

| exists in fairly large numbers: but her doom is

sealed because others are doing her work very
muoh better than she ever did. The success of
her followers in a measure is the result of the
professional's superiority over the amateurs,
for the old-fashioned lodging-house keeper
was likely fo remain somewhat of an amateur,

however long she might have been inthe business |

The business of renting rooms to men is profit-

able enough to tempt many persons into it |

who have had no real preparation for such
work ‘The demand for bachelor apartments ts
proved by the number of buildings that have

| been put up for that purpose during the last

On Vriday evening, when he reached the ;
hoarding: house from his «fice, he found her |

few years. Inacertainpartof the city there are
blocks between Fifth and Sixth avenues de
voted almost exclusively to lodgings There
houses, of course, are in expensive neighbor-
hoods and are the most costly of their kind,
although the small difference of price asked in
various parts of the city is occastonally striking
when accessibility and other advantages are
taken into consideration

The new lo ging-house keepers gradually
supplanting the women who for so long hai a
monopoly of this business in New York are
chiefly foreigners Chey have nearly all seen
service in hotels or private families as butlers
or housekeepers or waiters. Among them
the French and German preponderate, and
the smaller number of Englishmen who have
taken those houses were the first to come into

the fleld as rivals to the natives. The newer |

workers began by an effort to adapt the houses

they took to their purpose The number of |
bathrooms in the average old-fashioned New |

York house is entirely inalequate to meet the
demanis of a lotwing house, [ft is surprising
to Giscover how many of them, renting for as
much as $3,000 a year, have only one bathroom.
The majoriiy have only two. One of the first
ceman’s made by @ prospective lotger has to
do with the use of a bath. He wants to know
how near it is and how much lis share of its
use is to be, This same tendency has led hotel
builuers during recent years to see how far it
is possible to supply every room with a bath
and yet keep the prices down to a mo ierate
figure. The success of one hotel t+ generally
pre iieted because it announces a room and
bath for two dollars a day. The lodging house
keeper, without even a bathroom to every floor
in a house, is natdrally able to give very tow
persons the privilege that ts ‘mancei now.
The neweomers in the fleld turned their at-
tention first to this cetall, ‘They supplied every
large room with a private bath, using for that
purpose the sinall closets devoted to the wash-
stants. This one feature gave a house a great
aivantage over one that had a bath for the
use of four or five persons, or, as in some cases
Wiere there are no baths on a floor, for hall @
dozen, This also secured for the lodger in
such rooms a degtee of privacy that had never
been possible before, By this one reform in
orcinary lodging-house existence In New York,
they went far ahead of their competitors,
But they did not cease at this work of ine
provement. Most of them were able, start-

ine under the circumstances the) did, to euuip |
has some directions written for burial. Nota

a house with new furniture Most of this
had the look of having been purchased on the la-

stal ment plan by mea who make @ BDusi.ess |

of furnishlag lodging houses in this way This
is no objection, however, to the comfort and
cleanline s of it, whatever the grounds for
wsthetic eriticisin may be, These two ad-
vunlasges were enough to prejudice searchers
for quarters in favor of the new proposition,
And they were ull wise eoough to improve
in other particulars on the old methods. Most

of these houses kept by foreicr have aj

valet to attend to the wants of the lodgers
and there is a businesuike way of co; @icting

them that contrasts decidedly with the meth- |

oda offthe old-time lodging-lhouse keeper who
was usually an impoverished widow or some

woman suddeniy overtaken by misfortune | daughters that if she'd allow any flowers to

who had a home or got friends to provide her

with one and then beswan the business of take |

ina lodgers No such promise as home come
forts ts tuade by the new school of lode-
ing-house keepers, Hotel comfort with modifica
tions is rather the thing they seck to supply.
Privacy, neatoess and good attendance are

the odvantuges they seek and they are the!

qualities that a bachelor is looking for and
finda hardest to wet in m moderate degree,

oe new peature of New York ile nas helped
to increase the number of men’ lodging houses

It is well known that the profits of boarding- |

house keepers in New York have declined
areatly dur the past few vears, . Guests
are more exacting ar d profit is cut down in this
way, the facilities: for eating in restaurants
are much greater than they were and passable
restaurants are cheaper, while the number
of apartment hotels at. prices possible even
to persons of moderate means js much greater
how than it was ten yeam ago. These are «ome
of the influences that have served to deerease
the profita of boarding-house keepers aud com-
pe them to take up the business of a lodging
iouse, Which makes their work lighter and the
risk of miuning auch an establishment ts lesa
serious than in a boarding house. in which food
must be provided in addition to rooma,

With the great number of places in New
York seeking to house the bachelor it is sur-
prising to find how much difficulty one will
encounter in the search for satisfactory lodge
ings. This is in nearly every case the fauit of
the amateur landlady and her effarts to make
money by means which are more likely ale
ways to keep her house empty rather than full,
Que tenant in a house on one of the streets
ia the thirties, only two doors from Fifth avenue,
engaged atront room and the hall room ad-
joining it, two flights up, for $it a week. The
price, in. view of the neighborhood, was not
hich, The rooms were shown to him by the
landlady and he had no opportunity of seeing
the servants He never saw the servant and
began to judge from the look of his room and
the rest of the house that there might not be
any. He was mistaken. The servant who
was expected to do all the work for the
house was a little girl about 10 vearsold. te
was in the mind of calling the attention of the
Gerry society to her condition, but he cem
sromised by giving up his reems and telling
he landlady why. She was astonished to find
him dissatisfied with the service, She thought
that a child and she were perfectly capable
of doing all the work necessary ina four-story
house half filled with lodgers. It ts rarely
if ever, entirely filled andthe reason for that
is obvious enough Sufficient service to keep
the houseclean and the lodgers satisfied would
not cost as muchas the expe nse of having the
house neariy always half empty, In another
house the bathroom was show? It proved to
be an inside closet ©«o impenetrable dark that
it was impossible to see whut the room looked
like After the sumgestion had been made
several times« the landindy lit the wns The
tub had at one time been made of tin, but the
material was so covered with rust and other
discoloration that it would have heen diMeult
to say of what it was really composed

“You don't mean to sav thet anvbody e@rta
into that tub?” exclaimed the prospective
lodger, astonished at the sieht, “or that any-
body has been init for an age?

The landlady drew down her upper lip

‘There is nothing the matter with the tub,”
she answered severely it is only a iittle
discolored, but it is perfectly clean,” and ashe
turned out the gas with vicious suddenness
for her intuition had warned her that the voung
man had no idea of taking the rooma It
would have cost her less than % to have
the bathroom put inte repair. But that outiny
seemed exctravarant so lene as the house was
not full It never seemed to ccenr to her that
it waa never likely to be fill so lone as the bath-
tub looked ax it did, whatever the real condi-
tion of it mieht be: and as a matter of fact, it
was quite as soiled as it looked

As a goneral rule there i« surprisingly little
ground fer complaint on the score of untidi-
ness, Rooms are usually kent fairly clean,
although one man whe had lived for many
years in lodgings said he had rarely been ina
ouse where enough sweeping waa = done
There ja probably some degree of truth in
that, but in other particulare » degree of cleans

liness satisfactory to all but the most exacting |

will usually be maintaine|. Whether towels
are forthcoming in suffltient number and
whether the ie water is mut into the rooms at
night depends on the eMcieney of the land-
lady. Her qualities in this respect are tm-
portant, because it| usually hapnens that sere
vants are very likely to take nattern from the

mistress If the cnreless, indolent or ineome |

petent landiadies all succeeded in @etting @ood
servante thei own faults might not be so im-
portant; but the had servants are usually found
where the landlady Is least capable And there
will never be the leas’ difference in price be-
tween the well and poorly condilcted hoogs,
possibly because the Jandiady healtates to
cknowledge officially her own shorteomnt! nes
he price of the neighborhood prevails, what-
ever the particular character of the house

 

appear to the landladies sufficient reasons |

for charging leas than the well-equipped house,

One of the conditions that have helped the new
French, German and English landlords to suc-
cess is their retention of the old rate of rentals
in spite of their improvements. In general
they follow the average of the street instead

of going above it. In the best neighborhoods

for men's lodgings, where accessibility, gen-

highest, a large room ranges from $10 to $12 a
week ‘In the newer lodging houses that have

been supplied with the extra bathtubs, these |

rents are the same, although In the other houses
it will rarely be possible to get the exclusive
use of a bath The hall rooms usually coat the
same in the new aa in the old houses, for there
has been no opportunity to improve them
Thus side by side will stand houses that supply
the most different degrees of comfort both
asking for the saine rate. It will be seen that
the day of the old-fashioned landfiaay cannot
last long when her competitors in the business

| are able to do so much more for their clients

with no corresponding increase in expense

The bachelor apartments built nowadays sup-
ply a greater degree of comfort to the bachelor
than any other way of mae ean, even under
the care of the most skilful
the buildings contain more to make living com-
fortable than any residences that are used for
lodgings ever did And as they are all rented
without furniture, they are scarcely to be com-
pared to the lodging house that takes in the
bachelor for only a short time, perhaps, or, at
all events, for leas than a year. That method
of living is expensive, almost the costliest that
young men can follow, But it is coming to
he more and more comfortable every year,

cOT NER LOST CHILD RACK, BUT—
The Loss of an Investment of Five Cents Not
Explained to an East Side Mother.

The Madison «treet police are baffled by
the mysterious disuppearance of a rubber
ball Seret Sweeney was re oicing one
night list week over the fact that there were
oly twenty-four lost ebildren in the hack
room instead of the customary twenty-five,
when 9 dirty little six-year-old boy staggered
info the «tation house carrying another boy,
slightly dirtier, but of wbout the sume size
and age

‘l tink he’s lost, Sarge,” enid the first boy
setting his burden down, “1 found &im eryin’
in de gutter on Poil street.”

The sergeant sighed and turned the latest
find over to the doorman, He got a bath
the rewulur Fast Side punishment for ret-
tinw lost and was put into the back rocin
with ti. other twenty-four wanderers,

\ few minutes later a woman entered the
station house

Sergeant,” she said, “I've lost my Wile,
Hlave you found a child with

Several, madam,” replied Sergt Sweeney,

Doorman’ Lady wants to look over the
baby show."

the woman was conducted to the back room,
Where she made a cureful exuminution of the
children, In spite of the fuet that ther had
all been bathed, motherly intuition told ler
that the last comer was her Willie, She was
leading him out of the st.tion house, when
she stopped suddenly and looked st irtled

“Wiinte.” ste demandes, shaking his arm
violently, “where is your rubber ball?

But Willie was too clean and unhappy to
answer, he only sobbe d

Then she addressed the sergeant When
Willie was brought in here did he have a rubber
bad ip his ri@ht hand? i

[don't think so: no, ma‘am

“Well, this is my Willie all right, but when
he left home he had a rubber ball in bia right
hand, it was a brand new rubber ball and it
cost five cents. I'll hold the police responsible

She was persistent and refused to leave the
station house until she had received satisfaction
The sergeant appealed to the doorman, and the
doorman appealed to the twenty-four children
inthe back room. All were positive that Willie
had no rubber ball in his hand when he was
brought in. The woman left at last when the
sergeant promised to put his detectives on the
case. She returned twice, Inter in the evening
but the police were still in the dark No
clue to the disappearance has yet been
found

| DIRECTIONS FOR THEIR FUNERALS.

Old Women of EKastern Pennsylvania Write Out
Instractions Coverieg Every Detall.

READING, Sept. 15.-Nearly every aged per-

son dying these days in east’ Pennsylvania

few wo so far na to name the preacher they
want, the text, the hymns, the burtal place, the
pallbearers, deseribe the shroud, dwell on the
funeral meats, name the number of carriages
and wagons, describe the grave and materials
to be used, the casket and liming, plate and
trimmings and Inseription on the lid In fact
nothing is left unmentioned, even to the kind
of stockings and slippers, « Said one old lady
who has written out all her desires;

I have omitted nothing. Pyverything I want
done is written down, I know how I want it

they don't. If T write it all down they will do |

as Tsay, and then Lam sure, I told one of my

be placed near me, I'd open my eyes in my
eoMin and stare at her. [hate funeral flowers,
If any one has flowers to give me, let them
send them in while T live. I hate to go to a

| funeral and see pallbearers who are enemies |

to one another, or who never knew the dead
person well. T know my, best friends and I
want then to carry me when I die, They are
all friends to one another, Not long ago I

| heard a hymn sung at a Woman's funeral which

I knew she never liked in life, and never helped
to sing. There are funeral hymns I don't

like, and that’s the reason I have named the |

hymns | want sung at my funeral. Suppose
they'd sing “I Would Not Live Always,” I
would not like that so well, There are so many
persons who would like to live always, but
am not one of those. Suppose they'd put a
white shroud on me. I despise white shrouds,
and that is why I wrote down a @ray shroud
for me. When my husband built a cow shed
jast fall he had all the specifications written
out in detail, even to the nails. Why shouldn't
we have all the mpgcimonnons for our burial,
the last act on earth?

My sister was buried a few years ago and
when 1 journeyed one hundred miles to her
funeral, to my disgust 1 found out the minis-
ter who was going to preach was @ man my
sister had no wees for at all She never
spoke to him if she eould aveidit. How do rou
think her spirit felt when that man got up to
speak. That is another reason why people
should write out all their funeral desires before
they die. 1 wasat a funeral two ycars ago with
an old lady friend They had cooked beans
for dinner for the funeral guests, along with
meats and piee My friend roundly abused the
idea of cooked beans for a funeral and when
she died didn't they have beans! Now, if she'd
have written out the bill of fare for ber funeral
dinner no euch mistakes would have been made

‘lL want nothing hot served at my funeral din-
ner except coffee Everything else must be
cold, and then there will not be any such fuss
inthe kitchen Last epring | was at a funeral
with alady friend and they had stewed chickens
fome of the preachers felt offended . There
were six there They said people were too
eager to acouse the cler@y of being overly fond
of chicken. She would never have chicken at
her funeral She never wrote it down. and,

‘ hless me soul. when she died, they killed a

dozen of her favorite hens and stewed them
for her funeral dinner. If she'd have written
out her desires before she died no such misera-
ble mistake would have happened, and the
chictrens would have been living to this day
"Then, how does a woman look in her coffin
who has a ver’ dork complexion, if she is all
enread out with a shroud of black «atin

Women should «study there things, Ifa woman |

has alone thin neek why should she have ona

low-cut shroud If a woman. doesn't know |

how to dress herself when she is dead, let her
eomenlt some person who has taate, and then
write down what she is told. Dead people
should try to make as good an impression aa
possible, for the ‘Inst look’ of friends, and
nothing should be left undone to bring out
the remark after the funeral: ‘Didn't she look
nice’ Nothing falee should ever! be ordered
for the dead. 1 want white gloves, and I have
eo written ii down. A friend of mine has po-
sitively ordered a corset for her funeral When
sick her back wets so tired that her doctor or-
dered her to wear a corset in bed. Well, she's
going to wear one when she's dead If thew carry
out her written directions here is no dan-
ger that they wont obey he written re

| quests and orders of neople who die are re

garded as sacred If I order mv old family
horse to he killed my heirs must doit Many
people do this to save the dumb animals from
being abused) Other old horses are pen-
stoned and provided for. But what is ordered
about burving the dead must be carried ont,
even to the Inscription on the aravestones ”

The old lady concluded by saving: “T, like
many others, have grave clothes all ready
nade, but we find out that it is necessary to
provide written instructions for funeral de-
talle, as well as making a will to bequeath our
property

Katie at the ‘Phone.
From the Detroit Free Preea,

Katle is justover and she is employed asa
domestic ina bia house surrounded by shade
treesonthe Cass farm. She ts as wiillng asa
hungry mosquito, but ther> are things she has
not yet learned

Kile is having ahar! time in mastering the
telephone, She has hd many leasons< and long,
but there isa nm yatery avout the whole thing
that inflames her superstition,

*"Any oe call_or ask for me hy telephone
while T was out, Katie?’ asked the mistress,

“Indace they did. mum, The box jingled
and alady wid avolce like a coff'# mill «ays,
‘Helo, anid saya, Hello yersell,’ and she says,
Who is this?’ and T says, ‘Nove of ver vual-
nevs.’ And ahe anya, ‘fs Aunt Mary there?"
And Ltold hershe'd betther ask a Delman
and she fo.red sumthin’ in my eat, and I dared
her (oshow the wely mug of her back of cur
barn and she said nuthin’, 1°N talk In that ma-

may be. Poor beds and scant towels never | chine no more, mum,”

Y DISAPPEARS

| AND MRS, DOBLEY SATISFIES A LONG+
FOR THE MYSTERIOUS.

DOBLE

o That Happened When the Good
Woman Had Coavinced Herself That She
to Leave Home~—Her
Ability Falls
“Being married ia such a bore!” said Mrs

Some Thia

“I wish you wouldn't talk like that,"’ asid
; irremediable
there ia nothing to be gained by dwelling upon
We should try to cast off our troubles
asx thougn they didn't extat.”
“That's very nice in theory,”
ey, ‘but one cannot get away from inatrimony
It hampers one #0
so tame and commonplace
the papers one would imagine that life was very

said Mra Dob-

Everything is
yet to see

andiady, becatse |

Dobley’s outburst of ennul had been
suggested by amorning paper wherein divorces,
prize fights and theatrical openings crowded
each other vividly

“Sometimes I think,”
“that I should like to co upon the stage.”

“The only really exciting stage life,” rejoined
Dobley, “is the life of the amateur
adventure and
oughly bad amateur performance-say, some
classic drama in which the actors have to w
tights and togas and carry spears and shields
is more completely satiefying than any experi-
Gace I know of ”

It is full of
possibilities

“and so are mysterious disap-

aaid Dobley,
One can drop out

“Mysterious disappearances,”
“are interesting and easy
of view more completely than if the earth had

the style of
wearing the hair or the fashion of walking is a
more effectual diecuise than the wigs and beards
of the old-fashioned melodrama
that I ean disappear suddenly and that it will be
impossible to track me
lock Holmeses nowadays *
“What a lovely idea!” said Mra Dobley
disappear completely without telling one human

the manner

I will wager

We have few Sher-

seemed to lose your own identity.”

‘Tl will promise you that I can do it,” said
“You will not be able to find even the
slightest clue as to my whereabouts’

“Ah, yes, but you'd have all the fun!" said
“suppose we both disappear.”
exclaimed Mr
understand that the person” who remained at
home following up clues would have the cream
of the situation? Fancy the mystery and the
novelty of feeling like a detective
remarked Mrs
“I am not sure that I should like to
if you really
{ shall disappear and you can follow
up the clues.

“But where would you go,” asked’ Dobley,

laughed wavly
shall not tell you,” she repiled. “It isn't likely
that you would have any trouble finding me.
1 shall just disappear suddenly.”

‘let's both disappear,” said Dobley
solutely disappear for a week
whatever of our intended destinations.
incognito or in disguise if we wish.
ble let one track the other, using any detective

have, but calling in no

Leave no traces

aid whatever

“Il suppose
mused Mra.
“Not understanding our longing for unusual
might think

“Some folks get so attached to their indlvid-
ual ruts you can't move them,” sald Mra. Dob-
“Yea, it ls best that we do not mention
the idea of our going to a soul. When shall
“The ethics of a mysterious disappearance,”
call for mystery in wetting away.
There must be entire seerecy
and Ume of disappearing.

said Dabley,
as to the mode
Within forty-e

is all that is necessary we should know

delightedly

{ '* aald Dobley; “no clues, remember!
And yet just a few points that may help you.
if | were you, | should atterupt no elaborate
It must be done very cleverly
wise you will be suspected.’

Dobley clasped her hands in rapture
“It will be perfectly fascinating,
be suspected. *

I'd wear a thick veilif 1] were you,” suge
“and powder your hair so that
Then you piight stoop when
you Walk, limp a little and earry an old-fash-

gested Dobley
it will seem @ray.

perfect safety from unpleasant attentions ”
to disappear looking like a fright!
find out how it seems to be alone in the world
with no one to lean on.
ding ring and shall darken my eyebrows”
you get inte any
. “for if this thing gets out
understand

“Oh, Vi be all right,” said Mre
you be home to dinner to-night?"

“| refuse to
“lL have some important
before 1 disar :

“And I,” ei

T shall wear no wed-

‘Well, don't
people wont

said Dobley

Mrs. Dobley, “must call on. the
tailor about my new gown and do a little shop-
1 haven't got an eyebrow pencil to my

“Take care of yourself,” said Dobley, “and
in case of any accident telegraph mo :

“Now, don't spoil everything by leaving an
address,” said Mrs Dobley *
ha rpen- why we can come home!"
; Dobley, “one
do that; but it i* eo beastly slow ”
Dobley wrinkled her
“It will certainly Le a pleasant religf to get
“1 get so tired of people

If anything should
can always
brows slightly

away.” she asserted
sometimes.”

“They are so mich alike,”
the trouble
compantonshin
comes a gilded cage; faces are like asks with-
out expression

“Conversation Is tiresome,” interposed Mrs
expression,
why it {s positively unbearable!"

There wae a perceptible coolness
Dobleys’ parting, and when they met at dinner
neither expreased any surprise at
other still at home, and the subject of the forth-
coming disappearance was not alluded to. Mrs
endeavored to act
coneern in order to throw Dobley off the seent
She had ordered a closed cab to watt
round the corner at

anid Dobley; “that's
I have a strange dislike for human
Favironment

eceing the
with complete un-

She had planned to
slip out after dinher, putting a travelling clonk
over her gown
surprise at finding that she had obtained the
start so cleverly
after dinner Mr Freshington was announoed
d was shown in'o the
thought this wonld he a capita) time for
She waited until Mr
| to greet the visitor and stole gent!)

She donned her travelling coa

of
Dobley had gone
and a hat and

smiling to heraelf at the suceoss of her ruse
She listened for a moment

the curtains and Mr Freshington

“Where t¢ Mr, Dobley?” she demanded

Freshington
sérange greeting.

“I don’t know, I'm sure,”
been walting for the last quarter of an heur

Mrs. Dobley gasped. = “Then he's gone!”
“Gone?” queried Freshington,
disappeared!” she exclaimed
it seem horrid?”

“He's probably
enld Freshington

yped over to the club,”
e didn't understand that

declared Mrs
saw the eatd and said he was coming up (o see
It's just a menn trick!”
Freshington conceal any
which were «cmetimes erratic

“TT shoukd see him

ity to,wet away
eald Freshingtea
Dehley, losing all

“fie's taken the opportu
“To get away?”
“T don't know,”

entoyment of the «ltuation

fe’a mysteriously disappeared
he’s a mean old thing!

Mrs. Dobley dabbed her eyes and «nifficd
nathetically
hapnen, of If burglars should cet Into the house
Oh. I don't know what I shall do!’
understand.”
“Ia this a Deblevan joke or what?”

Mrs. Dobley incoherently unfolded the plot
to Freshington's ama-ed
auch fin,” she shhhed
and | knew he'd fellow the cab an
meet and he would think I really intended to

Freahington

“for me to

a

go and would beg me to remain or allow him to
acoompany me. There would be the joke!
You see Y didn't really intend to go. am
afrald to travel alone. He knows perfectly
well that Tam, and now he’s just gone away
perfectly unconcerned.” _

“He hasn't had time to go very far,” said
Freshington, “Perhaps we can head him off?

"The very thing,” sald Mra, Dobley But
then the trouble ts we were to leaye no cies

“L can try af the club,” said Freehington,
omer. pat daved Ly the mystery of the matter,
“and I'll telephone you,” i

“"No,. J shall go, too,” said Mrs, De bley
“I could never stand the suspense, The cab
is waiting,”

“The cab?" sald Freshington /

“Why yvea-don't you understand? 1 had
the cab wait around the corner and just]ns

| soon as he found 1 had gone he would inime-

diately telephone the stable, for he kaoows
I always wo in a cab If there ts any excuse for
it. They wou'd tell him the station | bad
driven to. He would drive there madiy and
find me waiting for the train and bring me
home. 1 had ft all planned so nicely -and
n--n-—-noew. its alls —spoiled!”

Freshington and Mrs. Dobley found. the
cab and drove to Dobley’s chib, where, how-
ever, no trace of him could be found. Mra
Dobley was nearly in hysterics by thie tim

“I shall send out an alarm,” she said; “or,
better yet let us put an advertisement in the
naper ‘Come home at once. Almost dis-
tracted,’ ‘.

“That's a good idea,” said Freshington
“In the treantime suppose we stop at some
of the railroad stations. We may find him
waitins fora train.”

They drove to one station and questioned
the man In charge, describing Dob'ey minutely,
“A man took a train a few moments tyro,
he said, “buf he had eray whiskers and walked

with a cane s

“A discuise,” hoarsely whispered Mrs. Dob-
ey “He most probably would have a dis-
guise, Ob, this is dreadful’

“Did the man act queerly?” she asked ex-
citedly :

“He ate about a quart of peanuts while he
waited for the train,” said the agent. “f don't
know whether you'd call that suspicious or
not,”

“He's perfectly wild ahout peanuts!” said
Mrs. Dobley “Can't you see? An old man
with uray \ hiskers eating peanuts—why it's
Just as plali

“Then I'll telegraph to the first station the
train stops at,” said Freshington :

“Hut whom can you telegraph to?” moaned
Mrs. Dobley He'll think it’s a trick to find
where he is going. He'll never admit who
he ia.”

Vait a minute,” said Freshington, taking
up a telegraph blank
“Man With Gray Whiskers, Train No. ——, Aprrir
ing-

‘ Don ¢ back atonce, Your wife is almost insane.”

“That's a splendid idea!” said Mrs. Dobley,
“He will understand that and return,” :

“Tam very much surprised at Dobley doing
anything «0 extremely foolish,” said Freshing-
ton, T can't undefstand it

He said } h home was slow,” wept, Mrs,
Dobley. "B--b- beastly slow, he said, That's
fuat the way with you men!” :

“But he thought vou were going, too, didn’t
he?” asked Fresbington

‘But L didn't really mean to go,” said Mra
Dobley, “He might have known that.”

“Well, there's only one thing to do now, and
that is to go home,” suggested Freshington,
“and walt for him to return.”

Freshington jeft the address of the Dobley
home with the agent and told him to direct the
gray-whiskered gentleman there should he
come back on the train. Then there was a4
mournful return to the club, where more in-
quirles were made without avail

Then back to Dobley's. Mrs, Dobley
rushed weeping violently into the library, fol-
lowed by Freshington, who had concluded to
send out a general alarm for Dobley if the tele-
gram brought no result. Mrs. Dobley shrieked
and threw herself into a chair, alternately
laughing and crying, when she observed Mr
Dobley seated calmly smoking a cigar at the
library table

“Well,” she said, “I knew you'd never go!"

“Where have you been?” asked Freshington,
“We have been chasing all over the town after
you

“A very peculiar proceeding on your part,”
said Dobley

“I thought you h—h—h-—had_ disappeared
mysteriously,” said Mrs Dobley, “and we went
hunting fore—c- clues "

“I've been here the entire evening,” said
Dobley, calmly

“Oh, come now,” said Freshington; “we
know better than that.’

“We didn't leave here until after 10 o'clock,”
satd Mrs. Dobley, “and I had to tell Mr, Fresh-
inwton all about our plan to disappear, and he
thought you had gone to the club.”

“Yes,” said Dobley, “I had the pleasure of
hearing your wild conjectures and absurd de-
duc tions before yo i wentaway.”

“You heard!” exclaimed Mrs, Dobley, “and
never said a word! Oh!"

“There was no one in the room,” said Fresh-
ington

Lbeg your pardon, I was,” said Dobley.

“Where?” asked Mrs. Dobley and Freshing-
ton in onefbreath.

Under the piano,” said Dobley.

“I knew you were hidden around somewhere,”
said Mrs. Dobley. “That's what I said all those
things for, Just so you'd hear.”

“I was pleased to learn that 1 should be
missed,” said Dopiex -

Just then the bell rang loudly. A servant
came back in some alarm. There were loud
voices in the hall

“There's a nan down there with two police-
men,” saldthe servant. “He's making a time.”

“He seems disturbed about something,” said
Dobley

‘He wants to know why he was brought
back here to town by a telegram about his
wits explained the servant. “He's awful
mad'*

Freshington looked at Mra. Dobley in horror.

“What kind of a man is it?” she asked

“An old gentleman with gray whiskers,”
sald the man. “A queer sort of person.”

‘Great Scott!" said Freshington.

“You'd better go and see what the poor man
wants,” said Mrs. Dobley to her husband: “he
may bein some trouble.”

Dobley went out of the room. Onee more
the eves of Mra. Dobley and Freshington met
and they smiled sweetly at each other

“Peanuts!” said Freshington, “I'm sorry for
Dobley!"

“I'm not! Not one bit!" said Mra. Dobley as she
unvinned her hat. “It will serve him just
right!’

MR. BLINKINTON'S CAT TRAP.

At Once Very Simple and Effective, and Not
Without Some Profit.

“T have heard,” said Mr Blitherly, “of the man
who devised the trap gun 80 Set that the weight
of a certain number of cat4 upon the top of the
fence upon which it was trained would pull
the trigger and #0 cause the fence to be swept
with a storm of buckshot and slugs. I per-
sonally knew the man who invented the sys
tem by which the cats on & fence were at-
tracted into one end of a pipe that slanted
downward, and the lower end of which was
over a river: and likewise I knew the man who
made the top rail of his fences very smooth
and then kept it well greased And I knew
Well the original inventor of the first electrical
eat annihilator, by means of which the top
rail of a fence Could be charged with an electric
current whenever a@ cat appeared upon it; but
my, these folks were all children in this way
as compared with another friend of mine, old
Socrates J Blinkinton, who invented a most
economical cat killer and conveyer that not
only kept his neighborhood remarkably free
of cats but thus made him clearly a public
benefactor and also gave him personally some
amall profit from the pelts And his «ystem
was simplicity itself

‘The fence of his rear yard, as it happened,
wha nn sort of central coneregating point for
all the cata around. They used to come here
to rehearse their concerta and to give them
and here Urey came to visit and to gossip and
to fight, there were always lots of cats there
Upon this fence Mr. Blinkinton put a top rail
of metal, whieh he kept charged with a suffl-
ciently powerful current of electricity con-
veyed to it from a dynamo set up in the base-
ment of his house Then he placed a helt
carried on pulleys supported by the rear fence,
the belt running horizontally parallel with
that fence. Similarly placed, but at a lower
level along the side of the fence, was another
belt, which came into the rear window of Mr
Blinkinton’s basement, where it turned on
a pulley set in the side of a bin that was like
a coal bin, but was really Mr. Blinkinton’'s
peltry bin And that’s really all there was
o the machinery part of it, except that it was
Automatic and so economical, The beits didn't
run unless there was something on them. The
upper belt was so contrived that the weight
of a cat falling upon it would close an elec.
trical current and so turn on the power and
set both belts in motion: and when there was
nothing on either of them ther topped

“The cats would come along the nelchboring
fences or jump up from the neighboring yards
nod come aloug yawping and yowling until
they «truck the electrified section of Mr Blinkin-
ton’s fence top und then over they'd wo to fall
upon the belt below The minute they struck
it that belt would bewin «lowly tomove. Carry-
ing the cat Upon it along to the corner of ifs
yard where that evd of the upper belt turned
onits pulley over oue end of the lower belt,
the one running along the side of the yard,
At that corner the cat would be dropped from
the upper belt on to the lower, and carried along
on that to be dropped off into the peltcy bin
in Mr. Blinkinton's cellar

“Sometimes you'd sce only a single cat going
along thus, sometimes half a dozen, all on one
belt or maybe scattered along unevenly on
the two, and I've known Mr. Blinkinton to
take as many as eighty-two cats in one night
The profit was not great, and yet it was con-
siderable, and here ia where his automatic
muchigery came in, the saving in the coat of
operation yielding a profit, where otherwise
there must have been a oes: for the furs thus
gathered brought but very Little apiece,”

WINES ENGLAND DRANK:

SWEBTENED AND SPICED MIXTURES
OF THE MIDDLE AGES.

From Metheglin to Hypocrasse--Sir dohe Fal+
staff's Sherry Sack—Clarete and Malvelsey
—Strong Waters Drive Them Out-—Hew
Port Crushed Out the Wines of France.

Krom the Saturday Revuw,

The old English drinking vessels taken by

explorers from the graves are of amall capacity
and of the most delicate alias The graceful
Stringed and lobed vases, the spirally stringed
cups~-perhaps the “hroden ealu wage —the
twistes ale cups” of Keawiull the trumped,
beakers, palm cups and bowls, are all distin
guished by total absence of feet, signifying
that they should not be set down unemptied,
and implying rapid and dangerous tippling
out of amall “turnbiers,” as contradistinguished
from copious draughts from horns and pertly
wooden doblets. The latter vessels were for
the primitive hydrome! or mead, for the Anglo-~
Saxon ‘beor,” the “eala’ of the Danes, and for
“braggot,” a mixed beverage which no one
would drink now. The little glasses served
for the more potent varieties of liquor, the
heady metheglin, huroming in the head of the
reveller. and speaking, as the old saying went,
too mueh of the house it eame from, for “mek
licratum,” “inomellum,” and fer the rough
red and white wine of home growth, mingled
with sweet wort, or with metheglin, stuck
with herbs and boiled with spices, and recalling
the waxed. resined and spice-stuck classical
cups of beechwood introduced by the Romans
into northern regions, But from the period
of the sheltering graves to the middle of the
sixteenth century there is an alnost total abe
sence of tangible evidence concerning @las@
drinking vessels in England. and the histery
of their manufacture is Wray ped in much obe
sourity.

The “Vocabulary” of Archbishop Alfrie
the tenth century mentions “gewyrted win’
(spiced wine) win gemenwed mid wnyrran®
(wine mixed withmyrrh),” gehluttrad win" (ree
fined wine), “gehlyttrod win” (pure wine), and
“gesweted win” (sweetened wine) These, the
choicest and strongest productions of thateg@e
were certainly drunk from the glass palmoupa
and small bowls such as from the pieture in the
stifoh work of the Conquerors bangnet after
the arrival of the army at Hasting*, we know
were still in use in the middle of the eleventh
century. The treaiise “De Utensilibus” of
Alexander Neckan: of the twelfth century
meéntions claré and nectaras proper to be found
in the cellar or in the storehouse. Claré wag
a mixture of the clear red wine, the best
which came from Guyenne, with honey, sug
and spices, as distinguished from piment o®
nectar, an amalgam of much the same king
but with more substance, being founded on
the red wine of Bourgogne, Dauphiné, &e,.
These were the two principal sweetened and
spleed wines made in England in the Middle
Ages.

The hourehold accounts of Eleanor, Countess
of Leicester, sister of Henry IL, and wifeof
the great Simon de Montfort, show clearly
that the wine drunk in England during the
thirteenth century came chiefly from Anjou
Poitou, Guyenne, Gascogne and Auvergne.

It is certain that the bulk of French wine in
the time of Henry JIL, and for nearly three
centuries alter, arrived very immature, rough
and hard and very different in character fro
the Bordeaux and Burgundy of the present
day, brought as they have been to the utmost
limit of perfection, Accounts have come
down from the Middle Ages of the poor wine
distributed in liveries, and in the hall, even in
royal households; much of it, however, was
translated here into the popular concoctions
Clarete and Pyment, and into spurious Bast

not infrequently helped by boiling, and

in later times “sodde wyne”"- the vinum coctum
of the ancients. In the fifteenth cent the
wine from Bordeaux was known as “Glerote
wyne” to distinguish it from that of Bourgogne.

The two principal saccharine wines were
Bastard from Spain, and Malvoisey from the
Greek Archi velago and Italy. Both we
“apparelled” in England in various ways, a
with no question of refinement of palates Th
mixture of Bastard and Malmse:
true Muscadine. As with the ery in |
Middle Ages, the wines were etrengthe
and stimulated with splees and aro: ca,
the sacks particularly, from their first tr
ance in England in the second quarter th
sixteenth century, being — burnt, sw
with honey, and thickened by boiling. Thos
was compounded hippoeras, and “ving ir
jofilatum,” the “claretum"—the “potus Golleas
tus". specially ordered on the “Close rd
by Henry IIT. in the middle of the thirteenth
century. In this way Bastard, Algrade, G;
narde, all sweet Spanish wines, well as
vouer and the blended Muscadine, were
guised until their fine origina) cha cteristiog
were quite overpowered, and *Phooresse
aod “Basturde” became mere generic terme
fora multitude of spiced nectarious col nd§.
Ry the Slow introduction into England o:
process of distillation, early in the sixteen
century, the vicious and indigestible mix
that had been so long and so highly estee
were gradually operated upon and driven out,
while Imperia) Water, Aqua Vite, Aqua Com.
posita, and a world of other “waters,” cordial
and arcent, took their places by degrees ia
the pubiie taste

In the meantime “Xerea Sec"—the natural
dry wine of Xeres, as distinguished from the
Greek and &panish sacchari wines
“sherris sack” and “fertile
of Falstaff, made its appearance somewhat
later in the same century. A hundred yeare
later came “that marvellous searching yene
Canary,” and by the cunning of t vintner
brewers there was soon, aa the aceo h
James Howell has recorded in 1684, “a hund
times more drunk under the name of canary
wine than there is brought in.” “When sacks
and canaries were first brought in among us
they were used to be drunk in aqua-vite mease
ures, but now they go down every one’s throat,
both voung and old, like milk.” Following
the fashion of the time the sacks were qe
sweetened, and as Falataff truly pute ft: it
sack and sugar be a fault, God help wicked!*
Household documents and the Hterature of
the seventeenth century show the progress
of sack in public eateem, spectal glasses in
“clouded calsedonia" and “speckled enameld*
being made in Venice for the English more
in the time of Charles If. for the fine a
down in bottles, such as Pepys speake of.

French wines had not vet been much shaken
in public esteem by Spanish sack, The blow
which was to hefall them came from an une
expected quarter, Howell, fn his letter to
Lor! Clifford of 1034, speaking of wines
the Spanish Rivieras—Malagas, Sherris, Ten
and Alicants--says that little of the last-nam
comes over right and that consequently the
vintners make Tent, f. «. Tinto, “which isa e
for all wines in Spain except white,” to oupel
the place of It. He adds that “Portugal affords
no wines worth the transporting.” But the
heavy and rasping vintages of the Valencian
and Catalovian Rivieras continued to fi
favor in England with hard-drinking folk unt
the and of the century’

As early as in 1094 Howell apoke favorably
of the white wine of Ribadavia on the Min
River in the Spanish frontier provinoe of Gall-
cla, adjoining that of the Upper Douro,
port wine district of Portugal. That a
improvement was at that time taking place fa
the vinfawes of the Upper Douro is indicat
by the fact that in 1669 the duties had come
be identien) on the wines of France and Portuga
In 1608 and in 1607 higher dues were |
unon French wine. Under these fiscal cone
ditions the imports from. Oporto and Elpben
rapidly inereaeed, and although the natura
character of the wine was outte altered. the
English taste entirely changed in favor of it
against the noble wines of France wh
heen paramount in England almost since Angl
Saxon times. and were now at laat d .
In 1709 the Port Wine Treaty, negotiated by
Mr. Methuen, seémitted Portuguese wine at @
duty of one-third less than on those of France,
Portugal receiving English manufactured wool-
len goods at one-half less duty than was levied
nnon the like productions of other vountries,
The remarkable resulta were that from 1707
to 1779 the proportions of French and Portu-
guese wines imported into England were 6
per cent, of the former_and per cent. of the
latter, From 178¢ to the end of the century
the proportions were for Portuguese 8 per cent,
and 20 ner cent. for all other wines. Afier
the signing of (he treaty the quality of the
wine deteriorated. and prices rose on the ex-
tablishiment of the Oporto Wine Cempany in
1756. The wreatest consumption of port in
England was during the neriod of 1826-18

In the meantime the importation of French
wine into Seetland and Trend greatly in-
erensed neither nation weleomed port with
the ardor of the Rnglish: indeed, Home's well-
known couplet assures is that it was as “peison®
te the stern Caledoniar Many and cordial
are the allusions to the plente. chenoness and
goodness of claret in Seotland throughout the
eighteenth century, the Border counties also
benefiting, while heth Pore and Rolingbroke
congratulated the flercee ean of Rt. Patrick's
on his exile to a country where French wine
had not been undermined by port. In these
hard times one reade with something akin to
envy that “Portugal wines neat and natural®
were to be obtained in English taverns tn the
early part of the eighteenth century at id,
and 16d. a quart

NOTICES OF REAL FSTATE AUCTION
SALES
to oceur are printed a day n advance in Tan

Sus. This will meetone of vour requirements
if you are interested in Real ketate.— Ada,