PREPARED GORDON'S WAY.

AMERICAN ADVENTURER WARD
WHO FOUGHT THE TAIPINGS,

 

The Great Nevetaton agetnast the Mancha
It Favored Christianity
Ward, Who Had Served

Under Walker in Nicaragua, Saw a Chance
and Fought the Talpings—ils Fallares, Sac-
cesses and Death—Li Hang Chang Secared
Fintsh Word's Work,
Trained In that stern schoo) of filibusteriem
Walker, who, with his “Immortal
Fifty-six,” landed in Nicaragua, put down a
revellionand within a year had himself declared
Prosident, there was a young men destined
to die as ingloriously in the eyes of his contem-
poraries as his famous master, who died facing
the fusillade at Tuxillo, at the youthful axe
It required the effort of both the British
and the United States Governments to remove
Walker from the scene of his conquests,
and after his followers were dispersed over
the face of the globe one destined to carry out
lessons learned in that achool wandered
He was Frederick Townsend
Ward, a descendant of the straightest Puritan
ancestry, and so well did he practle the lessons
learned in Central America that he attained the
highest place a foreigner could secure in China.
It was left however to a British Army officer
to wear the laurels in the work he started,
Charles George Gordon, more popularly known
Gordon, took
Taiping rebellion where the
filibuster, Ward, left off, though previously
Ward was atigmatized by the English who | loss
appeared friendly to the Taiping cause, with |
the title of

comed PForetgners

Chinese Gordon

over to China.

a “Chinese”
suppressing the

 

“filibuster.”

The Taiping rebellion is an illustration o
might making last Emperor
the Chinese Ming dynasty was driven to com-
mit suicide through the success of an insurree- | for the horrible cruelties intiicted upon the
tion about two and a half centuries ago, The | foreign prisoners by the Manchus, exacted
{insurgent chief proclaimed himself Emperor,
but the Chinese General who was at the head
of the army, not being satisfied with the usurper, |
made peace with the ancient enemies of the
Chinese, the Tartars, and invited them to as-
alist in dethroning the self-proclaimed Emperor.
The Tartar King, finding himself with his vet-
eran troops in Pekin and the insurgent Emperor | withthe “teavenly King.”
deposed, seized upon the sovereignty, and thus
with his Tartar hordes sweeping over China
established the Manchu dynasty
since oppressed the entire Chinese race with
the most eruel persecutions and misrule, im-
posing upon them that most humiliating badge |
of serfdom ever imposed upon a conquered
people, the shaven head and pigtail

The Taiping rebellion was the uprising of
the Chinese two centuries after their degrada-
tion, under successful leaders called Wangs,
overthrowing
the Manchu dynasty and of driving out their
conquorers.
feature of this movement in view of subse- | them, and whether his enthusiasm had any-
quent events, was that it embraced the Chris-
tian religion, and not only addressed all Chris- | p46 received five wounds himself, one in the jaw,
tian foreigners as brothers in the religion of | und retreating to Shanghai, remained some
Jesus Christ, but was decidedly in favor of |
embracing Western civilization.
patriots in their acceptance of Christianity |

dere ea - ‘
and ordered th ity. | tery, and secretly enlist more men, a

} restraine

astonishing

—

abandoned idolatry
Buddhist temples and idols.
f rom Chinese contact
lization, a civillzation which
n turn was brought to bear upon itin putting

revolution was or,
with Christian ely

In the early part of the present century there
was born at the village of Hwa, not far from
Canton, a Chinaman,
Chinese family said to have been related to |
fle had a fine education and aspired |
to literary honors, which at one time were the
standard of Chinese greatness, but failing in
his examinations, owing to the corrupt methods
of his Manchu examiners, he retired to the |
schoolmaster.
name of this Chinaman was Hung-suletahun. |
One day he observed a stranger In his village
secured some small |

proved to be the pro- | turning point in

descendant of an

and approaching
volumes of tracts, whic
duction of one Liang Afah, a convert of Dr.
Milne, a Christian. missionary.
were at first laid aside by Hung, but being picked
up by his cousin who was so impressed with
thelr teachings, the two began a study which
resulted in grasping in a measure the truths
Christianity
py nett vie the amyroneaps. ‘
adopting baptiam, baptizing each other, and " eo i t ° -
then started forth preaching the new doctrine | where the Talpings, armed with a few gin
and to their converta was applied the name of |
In 186 a Chinaman named
Moo arrived at Hung's village from Canton
and Informed him that miastonarles were preach-
ing the true doctrine there, and upon Moo's
return to Canton, he mentioned to the Chinese |
assistant of one of the forela@n mieatonaries

there the existence of the God worshippers, | there. He knew that
whereupon Hung and his cousin were invite
to that clty to study the true religion.
embraced the opportunity offered them, and | ¢
thenoe went forth into the interior preaching
and gaining converts.

About the end of 1850 a civil war broke out
between the Punti men and the Hakkas,
though the Hakkas were at first victoriotis, the
vrevatied and in dire distresa the
it refuge among the God worshin- | up to the thirty mile radiua around Shanghai,

These tracts

| for subsistence,

into direct
They began by |

God worshippers.

 

 

lakkas song

re and willingly embraced theirrellgious teach-
Until then {t appears that
adopting polities in hia ne
{s warlike allies he was a

refrained fro
fon but with

congtegations

Aung-sul-tshuen,

d maassncring
s atives of the God
worshippers, Thishad the counter effect of
the God worshippera more strongly,
vy being joined by the secret societies
of the Frinele organizations opposed to the
Manchu rule, the standard of a national revolt
was raised and a Chinese dynasty proclaimed
with Hune-sui-tahuen elected Fmneror by the
enthusiastic acclamation of his followers, The
ere Was relinaulshed for
woh, the Army of Heav-
enly Peace, and Hung-sui-tshuen received the
title of Heavenly King

A aystem of

title of Godworship
that of Talping-tian-

Ee ee
ET

elanship prevails in China br
which all personsof the came surname arecor- |
idered near kindred, Hung's clan is said to | ing of a straw obtain their open assistance
ave numbered 20,000 at the outbreak of
rebellion, all of whom who were unable to join
the Talpings, being mercilessly slanghtered by
the Manchus Hung finding himeelf proclaimed
that he had received the command from God
nd Jesus and miling with an iron hand prohih-
ted the use of tohacco, spirits and opium and
ordered the general observance of the Sabbath
One of his teachers found guilty of peeu-
withheld from
treasurer hic share of eontributions was he-
eaded, which lead to seven others departing
his standard charging him with
tyranny and cruelty:
our number loses

is hend forso trivial an offence
how are we to male surethat we donot |

So well did the “Heavenly King"establ sh his
ver, thatatthe beginning of 1880
the Tainines hada well-defined territory, astable
government and an industrions people engaged
fn the production of silk, tea and porcelain
of note that whereas the Imper-

authority, howe

and French soldiera
at the gates of Pekin in
Taipings or Wangs as their chiefs
the foreleners
ful pursu'ts of trade and com-

  

 

Pursue the nener

Under the Wangs the Chinese were no longer
permitted to shave their heads or the female
children required to bind their feet, inflicting

which fs the wonder of all nations
of onium and its use was pro-
vbited under the pain of death
~t “he Tainings waged a war with more than
sternness against the most dearls
- countrymen

arious trafvle
Tt is evident

, were denounced and punish-

 

efend their owr

ra would no
| the terrible deeds of the
f f the eastern sea
were to be empl
to wash awa:

ot be enough
ir sins,which reach to heave:

ehu Commisston
l to hie Emperor informir
© Tebels professed Christianit
derived their oricin from the hated “barbar-
yr off heada could
though the Viceroy

mitted taking them off at the rate of forty,

 

not stop the
of Canton ad-

soldier of fortune
7. Ward. landed in shanghat, hay
hie passage on a steamer, after gaining con-
perience off the coast of China,
worked from sallor to first oMoeer
ships in the Chinese ¢
t capital of China,
the hands of the

siderable ex
where he had
on a number
Nanking, the
had long since fallen into
, where the Heavenie
lished the seat of his goverr
pressing down

 

anchu possessions toward the sea, taki
Ninwpo and many other important towns and
cities, while the English and French allies were
pressing on their way against the Im
roops to Pekin. Shanghai was the next im-
portant place to fall, and the Manchu dynasty
Was tottering on its throne.

Ward saw. his opportunity of commanding an
artny, as did his master, Gen, Walker, ‘The Impe-
riuliats were impotent to protect Shanghai, and
the native bankers and merchants were trem-
bling at its pending downfall, Ward soon
convinced these that with @ small foreign force
properly armed, with the addition of native
troops under capable leadership, he could bot
only defend Shanghal from the threatened
attack of the Taipings, but could make such
a force efficient aud capable of driving back
overwhelming numbers of the enemy, They
accordingly supplied him with money and he
bewan the work for which he proved himself so
well fitted, There were many foreign vessels
in port with discharwed men, officers and de-
serters eager for adventure and employment,
He organized a company of about one hundred
of these dare-devils, representatives from
many nations, and with a Chinese contingent
undertook to take the walled city of Sung-
kiang, but his army. fell into the moat which
had been represented not to exist, and he was
easily repulsed by the enemy with heavy loss.

Up to this time all foreigners appear to have
been despised and hated by the [mperialists
whereas the syropathies of the Eng ish mer-
chanta at least were with the Taiping rebels,
Ward ard his men were called “filibusters and
a band of rowdies’’ by them, and it was sald
that he had entered into a secret alliance with
| the Imperialists to capture the towns in pos-
seasion of the Taipings at so much a town,
However, undaunted hy his first failure in the
attack on Sungkiang he made a second attempt
with additional forces and succeeded in taking
the city, Eneourawed by this success he pro-
ceeded to gain further victories against the
Talpings, but the “Heavenly King” drove him
back to Sungkiang and held him there while
his forces marched on to Shanghai, There the
Freneh and British troops Joined the Imperial-
ists and drove the Taipings back with heavy

 

 

The “Heavenly King" at onee organized
| at Nanking four great armies and sent them
forth under four Wangs to drive the Imperialete

f | from the cities immediately north and south of

the Yanei4e River ‘The Fnglish and French
| allies had now entered Pekin and plundering
and burning the summer palace in retaliation

| from them a treaty which opened up several
| ports to foreign trade, The British hitherto
haa refused to take sides with either party
in the great Taiping movement, but no sooner
had the four armies of the “neavenly King
been set in motion than the British naval com-
mander Admiral Sir James tiope thought it
Necessary to visit the treaty ports, Karly in
| tha year 1861 he sailed up the river, anchored
at Nanking and entered into communication
The result was ar-
rangements by which the Yangtse trade wis
nol to be interfered with, nor Shanghai molested
within a radius of thirty miles for one year
| The ‘laipings faithfully kept their word, push-
| in their conqueata north and up the Yangtse

Valle This left the filibuster Ward now fully
launched upon his Oriental military. career

with headquarters at Sunekiang and She

miles of his base’

was offered. Ward determined to take the
| city, marched against it with his following
of foreigners, some 250 Manila men and 6,000
Tartars An enthusiastic English pilot sym-
mathizing with the Taipings jumped in to help

thing to do with it or not, Ward was repulsed
by a murderous fire poured into his ranks

time cursing his wounds under surveillance
| of the British for infraction of neutrality, his

The Taiping | forces disbanding,

During this period of inaction, however,
| Ward contrived to purchase a twelve-gun bat-

murderous lot thirsting for excitement and war,
| He again tried to capture Tsingsu_ and after
| bombarding the place for some days the Faithful
Prince, a noted Palping warrior swooped down
upon him with a large army, captured all his
guns and ammunition, and again Ward made
good his escape to Shanghal where he was

| seized and sent on board an English man-of-war

4 prisoner, tis second in command, an Ameri-

| ean from North Carolina named Burgevine,

| Jed another attack upon Tengeu hoping to
take it by surprise, but failing, lost almost his

| entire command,

Ward being set free on the condition that
he would enlist no more foreigners en-
tered the Imperial service, giving his atten-
tion entirely to disciplining native troops oom-
manded by corelgs officers, This was the

is career. Me showed the
Manchu authorities the advisability of pay-
ine their troops regularly instead of allow-

| ing them to depend upon rapine and plunder

fine disciplined force of natives commanded

| by some ten foreign officers, and he was made

Mandarin by the Imperial Government
With this force he attacked first Kaikang

galls, were unable to keep him off, and this
victory he followed up closely with one at
| Hsianteng, which earned his troops the some-
) pompous titlh of the Ever Victorious
rmy

In the meantime that wily old dir’umat

and famous Manchu statesman, Li Hung Chang, |

had been sent to Bhanghai, to take command
we artar element o

| the Empire was pronounced in its attitude

ainst the “foreign devils,” and he _ must
nange all this, or the Army of Heavenly Peace,
as the Taiping Army permed itself, would be
victorious and the Manchu dynasty would
be driven from the throne, On hia arrival
at Shanghai he was notified by the command-

 

inghal |
for a base, at liberty to pursue his operations |
against the Taipings who by their treaty were ,
1 from attacking him within thirty |
dust outside of the radius |
the Taipings held the city of Tsingsu, a strong- |
hold for the capture of which a large reward |

~

  

 

 

{ hom of
pecefranere st shops epee Pear

les. G it upon. the f A-
tron laid by" his predecessor and carried, the
eign toa suctecetl goon Sootalning: ove
5 ove’
dence (roan ‘malesionaries and others that the

Taipings were pro-forelg@n and struggling
hard not only to adopt Christi

anity but to as-
similate Western civilization, Yet Id Hung

Chang in securing British aid wiped them out)
| of existence. Gordon no doubt was a great |
| and good man, but there appears a strain of |

apology throughout his correspondence re-
lating to his Chinese service. tle speaks of the

| Manchu cruelties and actually gave up his

command at one time on account of therm, and

upon the fall of Nankin he said: “As long as it,

held out my officers were ready to join the
rebels if there was a chance of success; now

they will see the futility of such a course and |

disperse over the globe.’ ‘

In the Soudan Gordon met a hero's death
defending himself against overwhelming odds
But the filibuster Ward, who lald the founda-
tion of his glory in China, lies beneath @ pagan
temple unremembered in history, though it is
said the grateful pagans keep to this day the
lily blooming upon his tomb.

THIS DOG HAS A WOODEN LEG,

He Takes Kindly to It, and Soon He Is to
Have a Regular Artifictal Limb.

From the Boaton Evening Kecord.
MILTON, Sept. 6—This town boasts a dog
with a wooden leg. “Nat,” a keen-eyed fox
terrior, hardly a year old, is a source of never
ending wonder and curiosity to Dorchester
veterinary surgeons as well as to the blue-
blooded residents on the brow of Blue Hill

avenue, Milton fill

“Nat,” who is the property of Arthur Merritt,
came to grief on July 1, when he fell from the
rear porch to the ground, a distance of four-
teen feet. When “Nat” was picked up it was
seen that he was suffering great pain,
and two ¢eterinaries were immediately sum-
moned. Upon examination It was discovered
that the poor animal's right foreleg was broken,
and upon treating him for two days, vainly
endeavoring to give the dog some relief, the
doctors stated there was no hope for poor
“Nat,” and recommended shooting before
hydrophobia set in

The Merritt family was loath to execute
the verdict, especially as the animal had been
the constant playmate of the two children
boy and girl, aged © and 15, also being an es-
pecial favorite with every one onthe hill, The
dog was also valued at $200, being a thorough-
bred, So it was decided to give “Nat” one
more chance for his life, and at length Dr
John O'Connell of Dorchester was sent for,
Upon arrival, the latter was informed of the
non-success of his colleagues, and asked to
state frankly whether or not there was any
real chance of saving the dog's life

The doctor's answer was a thorough inves
tigation of the injured member. He found
that the break was at the point correspondin
with the elbow of the human arm, The brea
was a bad one, and the dog's leg had swollen
to almost twice its natural size, Gangrene
had set in. At first the case looked hopeless,
and the doctor was about to add his verdict
to that of hia colleagues, when suddenly a
daring idea presented itself. He would am-
pitate the Jimb and substitute for it a wooden
one. Success would mean a triumph, both
for him and surgery

Unfolding his plana to Mrs. Merritt, whose
husband is in Europe, he tenderly carried the
little animal home to the Bowdoin Kennels
and made ready for the operation, The ani-

j mal was etherized, ag a human patient would

yave been, and the leg was carefully ampu-
tated just above the fret Joint, and then it
yes a case of waiting until the wound should

eA

When granulation had set in and the doctor
had adjudged the wounded part not too sensl-
tive, a wooden leg, fashioned from the branch
of a tree, was carefully fitted tothe stump. A
sort of harness, sultably padded and worked
on the same principle as braces, kept the wooden
atump fn place.

At first the animal refused to move, not know-
ing what to make of the strange gear, but finde
ing it impossible to “turn it loose,” he resolved

to make the most of what he evidently consid-
ered a bad bargain, and now stumps sturdily
around his present quarters

Theekin has grown firmly around the wooden

stump whereitfotns, and the stump has evi-
dently become accustomed to its surroundings.
The operation is looked upon by all, both lay
and professional men, as a complete success,
and one almost unheard of in the annals of vet-
erinary surgery.

The Merritts are delighted at the result of the

experiment, and as for “Nat,” he “hops and goes
lightly” around the confines of the spac

He soon had under him a | grounds and kennel of his owner, awaiting the
advent of a new cork leg, which his proud own-
ers have ordered for him.

ous

 

 

THE HOUR OF DEATH.

Many Insane Persons Pass Away Toward the

Close of Day, Dr. Pilgrim Finds.
Artudy of statistics by Charles W. Pilgrim,

M. D., superintendent of the Hudson River

Btate Alospital at Poughkeepsie, which has
been published {n the American Journal of
Insanity has been reprinted in pamphlet form
and attracts some attention, particularly by

reason of Dr. Pilgrim's citations and deduc-

tions concerning the hour of death. Dr. Pil-
grim’s paper fs entitled “The Study of a Year's

ere of the English and French allies that, though | Statistics.” At its conclusion he says:

they would continue to guard the frontier

the actual treatment of the rebellion was a
matter resting with the Chinese. Placards

| now appeared in Chinese characters coun-
| selling the anti-foreign element to abide their
the | time, for the assistance of the foreigners was

needed in putting down their enemies, the

; and fos- | Taipangs, the destroyers of their idols and
rebellion against the Manchu dynasty, | temples

or the safety of themaelvesa and families
quickly brought the
worsh{ppers together and the Manchu oMcials | show
rsending troops against them, a bold and ener-
getic course was imperative,
the village schoolmaster and missionary preach- | from $2,000,000 to 86,000,000, and the latter,
er, rose to the ocension, outgeneraled
commander,
roons, and evading a decisive contest with the
others, whereupon the Manchus applied
usital methods of venting their rage by burning
and pillaging indiserimina
the frienda

What the wily Li could not gain by the force
of arms he might gain by diplomaey. He
ed upon the Yankee commander of
the Ever Victorious Army wealth and honors
the former having been estimated all the way

 

all sorts of vellow decorations and peacock
feather ord rs But Ward, the filibuster,
now a Mandarin of the highest order,
was not destined to enloy his success long

The close of the year 1861 found the Taiping |

Army of Heavenly Peace in almost entire pos-
session of the two richest and most densely
populated provinces of China, Chikiang and
Kiangsu, the small part of Kiangan still
held by the Manchus being comprised within
the treaty radius of thirty miles around Shang-
hai. Falthfully obaerving their part of their
agreement with Admiral Hope, the Tatpings
refrained from anv advance upon this terri-
tory till the exniration of the vear, when they
notified the English and French commanders
of their intention of driving the Manchus from
this last foothold in their province. It was
} a fatal move for the hitherto successfal cause
of the Taipings, who were the avowed friends
of the foreigners, and who might by the turn-

But fate decreed otherwise

Sir James Hope warned the Taiping Army
not to advance upon Shanghai, and personally
went fort to Sungklang to confer with. the
former Yankee filibuster who was now able to
draw up an army ef 1,000 well drilled. Imperial
troops. Theeonference resulted in the Britisher’s
recognition of Gen, Ward, and from it dates Brite
ish inte rence in the remarkable revolution
in the Orient founded unon Chinese contact with
Western civilization. Ward was now supplied
with English muskets and Enfleld rifles for his
troops; they were well clad and fed and, what is
more, paid, and an attempt of the Taipings
to buy half a million dollars’ worth of arms and
ammunition through their friends the foreigners
was frustrated by the dinlomatic service

The vear of 1882 was one of successes for Ward.
From February t6 June the allied forces assisted
Ward, and the rebels were driven back. In Mav
they lost their important port of Ningpo, and
by the indomitable courage of the foreign
enc
were forced from town to town, In June the
allies withdrew their active support from the
Imperial troops, but Ward, now having earned
the title of Ever Victorious Army for his troops,
was ina fair way of putting down the rebellion
The Ever Vietorious Army, marching on to

 

 

 

 

suiceess, attacked Tsekle, some ten miles from |
| are sent to the hespital much earlier than they

Ningpoe, a place whieh they had previousty
failed to take, and in the assault their redonubt-
able leader, who had already been wounded

many times, fe'l with a musket ballin his abdoe |

men He Hved till the next day, dying Sent,
22, 1882, at the age of 37, and thus ended the
career of the first foreiener to take military
service under the Manchu dynasty or in the
Imperial service of the Chinese Empire He
died as he had lived, brave and undaunted,
even his enemies who were flehting with the
Taipings declaring him to he “with all his faults,
a brave and determined man, who served his

  

 

Manchu emnplovers only too well He was
buried with great pomp in the city of Sung-
kiang, the citv of his most glortona achieve-

ments, and a temple was erected in ts honor

and aperennially blooming lily kept over his
eo]

tomb
Rurgevine accented the command of the
Fiver Victorions Army which fell to him, but he
had a vielent temper and was ill fitted to the
piace With a bodveuard of 100 picked men
he undertook to collect his arrears of nay by
entering the premises of a Mandarin who was
local Treasurer of the Government funds, and
his demand for money not being complied with
he struck the Treasurer with his fist, knocking
him over and leading his men within car-
ried away $40.000. For this act he waa de-
araded under the seal of Li Hung Chang who at
once, looking around for another commander,
know? that without a competent foreign
leader the success of his Ever Victorious Army
would no longer be assured, solicited Gen
Stavely to assien an officer from the British
Army. Gen. Stavely complied, the choice
falling on a youns Captain of Engineers, Charles
| George ( » who taking command of Ward's
Tartar at Sunekiang on March 25, 1843,

 

 

rs ever pressing on against them thev |
; “The number of cases diagnosed upon nd-

 

 

“An examination of the hour of death showed
that 26 per cent. died between midnight and 6
A. M., 19 per cent. between 6 A. M. and noon,
31 per cent. between noon and 6 P. M., and
24 per cent. between 6 P. M. and midnight.

| By adding these percentages together we find

the curious fact that the deaths were very
evenly distributed between the hours of dark-
ness and light, 115 patients having died between
6P.M. and6 A, M., and 116 between 6 A.M. and
6P.M. Desiring to pursue this question still
further, I examined the deaths for the ten

preceding years, nearly 1,500 in all, and found |

| this statement strikingly confirmed, as a!
change ofone-half of 1 per cent, would have |

made the deaths exactly even during the hours
of day and night.

“A chart which I made of the deaths for the
year—and I might also add that the state.
ments which I am about to make were cor-
roborated by a chart made of all the deaths

| during the preceding decade—showed when
| divided into sections of three hours each, that

the highest point of the curve was reached,
both for men and women, between the hours
of 3and 6 P. M., nearly 20 per cent. of all the
deaths having occurred between those hours,
The next highest point was between the hours

| of 8and6 A. M., Although there was a decided |

fall for both sexes for the single hour from
4to5, when the line went down to the lowest
yoint reached in any hour of the twenty-four,
Khere was also a decided fall, especially for
women, between 1! And 12{n the morning,
“These figures, therefore, show that there
is some reason for the popular belief that many
deaths occur during the carly morning hours,
but they show still more plainly that the ma-
jority of those who suffer from long continued
mental disease give up their lives toward the
close of day As a general rule ‘death softly
follows life’ and suffering at the end, either
Fe sical or mettal, {s of raro occurrence. In
act it is not an uncommon thing to notices

ja clearing up of the clouded brain a few horvre

before the final change. This fact was roticed

' by Rush e hundred years ago and, in my optn-
| fon, too little has boen written of it since, From
{my own observations, and from the reports
| of reliable nurses, many pationts, eepectally
| those dying of phthisis, or after surgical oper:
j tions, or from acute intercurrent diseases,

  

or injuries which produce a profound shock
upon the general system, hecome calm and

| coherent shortly before death "

Elsewhere Dr Pilerim makea this remark:

mission as acute tnelancholia, which is fust
about two and one-half times as ereat as that
of acute mania, is quite suggestive Tt not
only proves, as fa generally admitted by allen-
ists, that it ts the rule for insanity to begin
with depression, but it also shows that cases

used to be, before the later stage of mania
has had time to develop It is undoubtedly
this fact which so often gives rise to the as
sertion that the form of insanity has changed
of late and that the terribly troublesome cases
of former vears, in which restraint seemed
80 necessary, are no longer seen But it is
mv belief that the real reason for the infre-
qneney of such cases Is that hospitals for the
insane are to-day regarded much more favor-

 

| ably than thew were even a decade ago, and

their ald is much earlier sought and their full
benefits much oftener obtained ”

The Pioneer Shirt- Waist Man,

“I do be raydin’ a deal in the paypers these
days aboot th’ shurrt-wayste man,” said Dan
Keegan to his partner, as they straightened
themselves up from the ditch where they were

| at work to stare at a party of golfers coming

down the lane. “These wimmen are makin’
altogither too much av a fuss aboot it. Here's
you and me been wurrkin all day long, all
summer long, | Ver sence we were strong enough
to throw durrt and niver wance did we wear
a coat, barrin' av Sundays, from St. Pathrick's
Day, God bless him, till th’ snow begins to
fly, yit no wan said a wurrd t'us fur beein’
in shurrt-waysts, Ut maybe 't'is because
there's not mooch wayste aboot our shurrts

; annyhow, seein’ as our owld wimmen make

thim for us thimselves, but annyhow it's com-
forthable an’ th’ doods is just findin'’ it. out
an’ takin’ to thimselves all th’ credit of th’
invenshun , All th’ same we started the good
yurrk, an’ now, begob, we're laydin’ th'

| succeeded to the command of the Yankee sailor | fashun,”

 

‘HE SUN, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.
END OF A SOCIAL OUTCAST;

AN OLD FRONTIERSMAN'S STORY OF

 

 

TWO LETTERS,

Bravery and Kindness of the Stranger Who
Visited Him in the Far West-Hle Death

That of a Hero—Proof, Though, That He

Was a Forger, Thief and Murderer,

Kipp, Mon,, Sept. 4.—The Old Timer is 74

years of age, and fully entifled to the designa-
tion he bears, for he crossed the Missouri in
1855, and has lived ever since on these north-
western plains. There is not a tributary of the
Yellowstone, the Missouri, or the Saskat-

chewan which he has not explored; more forts,

river crossings and buttes throughout this

vast territory bear his name than can well

be enumerated here. For a time he hunted

and trapped for the American Fur Company;
then he went into the Indian trade on his own

account, building and abandoning forte every
, Season or two, as he followed the buffaloes and

their red hunters from place to place, Then,
after many years, came the end of that wild,
free life; the buffaloes were exterminated, and
there seemed nothing left for him to do but to
settle down on a ranch,

He owns a model one; a commodious and
comfortable dwelling, large burns and sheds,
surrounded by hundreds of well-irrigated

acres, and out on the hills beyond his cattle
and horses graze in ever-increasing herds, The

Old Timer, however, takes but little interest
in the raising of stock; a trusted and hard
working married couple have entire charge of
the estate, leaving him free to go and to come
whither and when he will, But usually, and
especially during the long winter, the old man

loves to remain at home, and fill the great house

with old friends, Here, in the southwest cor
ner room, where a pile of cottonwood logs is
always blazing in the broad fireplace, these old
cronies sit in their easy chairs, or lounge on
the buffalo robe couches, and talk over the
scenes and adventures of other days.

This room itself is deserving of more than
passing notice, for it has been fitted up in exact
imitation of an old frontier cabin, presenting
a striking contrast to the rest of the house,
which is well furnished and has all the con-
venlences of a city home. The windows of
this room are very small and glazed with di-
minutive panes of glass; the inner walls are of
peeled logs, neatly laid up and chinked. The
chairs, table, couches and other furniture have
all been made with the axe, saw and drawing
knife; peas stuck in the wall support plain
board shelves. A dozen different kinds of

rifles and pistols, each with a history, hang |

above the fireplace, and scattered about here
and there, suspended from pegs, littering the
shelves, corners and floor, are all sorta of curi-
ous Weapons, implements, articles of dress,
orhaments and scalps, long ago used and worn
by the red men. Last, but not least, there is
the sideboard, which occuples a prominent
position near the door; it is simply one-half of
a log, shaved smooth and flat, standing on
our pegs driven into its under side. Two
kegs with wooden spigots, containing old and
mellow rye and bourbon, rest upon it, and
beside them stands a bucket of spring water;

from a row of nails driven into the face of the
log are suspended a number of shining tin cups.
On the wall above this unique sideboard hangs
this farniliar verse, painted in large letters
aud neatly framed:

Come, Mill the Cup, and in the Gre of spring

Your Winter garment of Repentance Bing.

‘The Bird of Time has but a little way

To flutter—and the Bird ts on the Wing.

Lucky, indeed, is the story writer, the stu-
dent of frontier history and the ancient cus-
toms and %eliefa of the Indians, the lover of
stirring tales of adventure who has the privi-
leges of this room; for, without asking any
questions, simply by sitting still and listening,
he can hear all that he wishes to know. Some-
how or other, these old plainsmen are natural
and artistic story-tellers; what they have seen
and experienced they can vivi tly relate, bring-
ing out skilfully the main points of the tale

One evening when we were all sitting before
the fire, quietly smoking and digesting an un-
usually good dinner, the oldtimer began to
rummage in a rou h, iron-bound chest, and
presently drew forth a slender packet of faded
and time-worn letters. There was a far-away
look tn his eyes as he turned the little package
over and over, which betokened a coming story,
ang pressety he began:

“These letters were the property of a man
who once lived with me in close and familiar
companionship for many months. Durin
that time I believed that I had learned to read
his character, his mind and thoughts, like
an open book. But one day he met an unex-

ected and sudden death by the arrows of a
ioux; then I came acroas these letters and
they revealed much that I wish I had never
known

“Away back in the sixties I owned a tradin, st
on the upper Missouri, about 300 rniles S ow
Fort Benton, the head of navigation. Irom
May until October steamboats were continually

passing up and down theriver, and nearly every |

one of therm stopped at my place for fuel. J.ate
in September, one season, the last up boat of the
year brought a passenger whom the captain in-
troduced to me as Charles G. R. Lee of New York.
I took a fancy to the stranger at once, He was a
man of Repaid physique, apparently 40 years
of sara Ie hada frank, firm, intelligent coun.
tenance, and clear, honest brown eyes, which I
thought indicated that he was a person to be
trusted. When I learned that he had come West
to shoot some big game, and see something of
our wild frontier iife, 1 asked him forthwith to
make my place his headquarters for the winter,

He gladly accepted the invitation, with the pro-
vito that he should be allowed to pay for his
DOUT a.

highly educated, spoke half a dozen languages,
and waa of a scientifie turn of mind, especially

 

 

nterested in anthrepolowy and its diferent |
| that sooner or later he would fall a victim to

pranches Another thing I soon learned about
him was that he knew no such thing as fear.
We were out shooting one day in the river bote
tom below the port and saw a large grizzly bear
in the edye of a chokecherry thicket. As luck

would have ft, | had forgotten to bring any ame |

munition, and had fired my only cartridge at a
deer some time before. Lee carried a Henry
repeater, then considered the most effective
rifle made. He,was a couple of hundred yards
to my right wHen the bear was sighted, and
abont the same distance from the cherry patch.
Walking cautiously up to a point not more than
seventy or eighty yards from the bear, he fired,
striking the animal in the flank; the beast let out
a roer of pain and rage, and started for him as
fast as it could jump.

“Shoot! shoot!’ leried, ‘before it's too late.’

“But Lee stood perfectly still until the bear
was within eight or ten steps of him; then he
fired two shots in quick succession, and the
animal fell dead almost at his feet.

“ ‘Great Scott!’ I exclaimed, running up to
where he stood; ‘what do you mean by taking
such chances as that? Why didn't you begin
pumping lead into him as soon as he started?

uppose you had missed; there would be noth-
ing eft of you now but torn flesh and broken

Ones

“ My dear friend,’ he replied, ‘it ia the taking
of the chances you mention that constitutes the
true pleasure of shooting. ‘The thrill of excite.

ment, the uncertainty as to how such an affair |

as this will terminate, exceeds any other sensa- | happened. The musie stopped fog a moment

tion A man can experience. A minute of it is
worth years of humdrum existence.’

“Not long after this occurrence I had
an opportunity to learn another phase of
this strange man's nature, ne of
my Prench-Cree half-breed employees
was suadenly taken ill] with brain fever,
and Lee at once constituted himself the sick
man's physician and nurse. He had an assort-
ment of medicines and was fairly well versed in
medical lore. If that half-breed had been a dear
relative he could not have taken better care of
him. Day and night he was always beside the
pationt s bed, and would not leave except when

found leisure to take his place for an hour or
two during the day. But fr
less care the sick man died. Then Lee made a
coffin of such rough material as could be found,
covered it with black cloth and lined it with soft

blankets, and gave the corpse a decent burial. |

After the funeral he went to bed and remained
there for several days, he was so utterly worn
out

My principal trade was with the Crows that
winter. They came over from the Yellow-
stone country late in October and camped in
the vicinity of the post. The buffalo were

on the brush land on either side of the river to
kill all they wanted at any time. Lee took a
ereat Interest in these people, and passed most
of his time in studying their lanwuage, their
customs and traditions There were two
young half-breed children in the camp, a boy
and a girl, to whom he took a area’ fancy,
Their father was a wandering trapper and
hunter, who had long before deserted them
and their mother, and they were very. poor
Lee induced the wife of one of my employees
to make them some clothes, and after they were
dressed and cleaned up they were very bright
and intelligent young ones, The boy was about
14 years old, his sister somewhat younger
There were daily lessons in English for the
children soon, and when we found how much
their happy laughter and mischievous pranks
brightened up the dingy old post they be-
came part of the househeld They had a great
affection for Lee, and were always bringing
Presents of fancy Indlan work and odd, curi-
ous things, which they begged from their darker
kindred,

“The winter soon passed; the fur of the buf-

is Z we

 

 

 

1 spite of his ceases |

| verse {
very numerous and they had only to ride up |

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

sens of eet the Crows packed up and started
aor to t @Fellowstone, all but we or three
armilies who inten o pass —
near us, trapping beaver and hunting th
andantelope. Among those who remained with
us were the two children, George and Lucy-so
Lee had named them—and thelr mother

“One day the boy came into the trade room
and said: ‘Good Heart’—Lee's Crow name
‘see this poor bow and arrows; my mother is
hungry for the meat of the buffalo, but [ cannot
kill such a great animal with this weak weapon.
Lend me your good gun and IT will go out on the
hills for a hunt; my mother must not go hunary.

“Twe amiled at the little fellow’s earnestness.
‘Go back and tell your mother,’ he replied, ‘that
I will go out on the plains and kill some meat
for her, If you wish, you and she and your
sister may saddle your horses and come, too;
will kill all the meat you can pack home.’

“An hour later they started out, Lee and the
children riding ahead and followed by their
mother and several old women who also wanted
some fresh meat. The only trail from the river
bottom ont to the prairie, a distance of three
miles, followed a steep and knife-like ridge on
either side of which run deep coulles. As I
learned afterward from the boy, the little party
had arrived at the end of the ridge and were just
riding out on the plain beyond when a war
narty of Sioux suddenly apneared and charged
down on them. ‘Turn back with the women
and ride for your lives to the post,’ Lee said to
the boy. ‘TI will dismount and try to hold these
devils in check until you have a good long start
and then I'll follow you.’

“Well, [ saw the women and the boy come
fiving back down the steep hill at a pace no
sane person would attempt, and [ surmise! at
once that something was wrong. Presently
they dashed into the stockade, and as soon as [
could make out between their sobs and terror-
stricken cries what was up, [ had my employers
resaddle their horses and we hurried up the hills
to rescue Lee if possible, but fearing from the
start that we were too late, And so we were,
Vhen we got to the top of the hill the Sioux
had long since finished their cowardly work
and fled, There in the middle of the narrow
trail we found the remains of poor Lee, naked
mutilated, covered with blood and dust, and
pierced in a dozen places with arrows and rifle
alls, Well, L had seen many such tragedies
before, men, and even women, suddenly cut
down by the flendish redskina, but this com-
pletely unnerved me, for T had more than a
vassing regare’ for Lee, It waa terrible to see
ilm lying thera, hacked and cut almost bevond
recognition, he, who but a few hours before had
been so full of hopeful life, the pleasant com-
rade and unselfish friend.

“I sent a man down to camp for a Crow
travoia and when it came we lashed the corpse
upon it_and slowly wended our way back to the
post. We buried him as decently as we could
in the edge of a cottonwood grove, and when
the last shovelful of earth had heen heaned
upon the little mound about him T returned to
the little room we had so long occupied together
fairly overcome by my loneliness As I sat
there my wandering gaze fell unon his trunks

| and other belongings and T suddenly realized

that IT must trv to get word to his relatives of
his sudden death: and then it flashed across mv
mind that [ did not know who or where his
peonle were, that beyond the bare mention of a
mother and a sister he had never spoken of
them tome. ‘There;was nothing to show where
they resided unless [T could find some elue in
the trunks, for the Sioux had taken the clothing
he wore as well as his horse and rifle. IT opened
the nearest of the tminks and examined it,
but found only some clothing and a few books,
The other trunk, a solid iron-bound affair, was

locked, but I soon forced it open. Here |

more clothing, jewelry, odda and ends, but be-
low them waa a set of peculiar looking tools,
files, slender saws, drills, a lot of keys and more
instruments of stranwe shape and character,

IT thought they looked like burglars’ tools vet |

T said to mvself, ‘That can't be: he would have
no use for them: the last thing he would think
of would he to ply such a trade as that.’

“Twas about to give up the search when I
noticed a leather pocket or pouch on the in-
side of_the trunk lid, and found these letters
in it. I will read two of them to you. Here
is the first one I opened at the time, addressed
to Mr. Recinald T. Gordon, ‘Boston.’ It reads:

“New York, Aug. 14, 1848

Dean Ready: How could you have done it?
You have broken mother’s heart and mine, too,
To think that a Gordon could become a forger!

I'm sure we can never look people in the face |

again. You had better come home and try to

make your peace with mother, She has taken

up the checks and you are safe from the law,
Your loving and sorrowing sister,

ANNE.”

“Well, I couldn't make out that this letter
concerned my friend, so I turned to the next
one. Here it {s, dated from Philadelphia a year
later, and addressed to ‘Mr. Charles G. R. Lee,
Planters’ Hotel, St. Louis, Mo.’ It says:

“Dean Reaay: It’s lucky you flew, for the
night watchman croaked the next day: vou
hit him too hard. T think vou had better go
further West and lay low... Mame got the awag
you sent her, and saya she'll keep it safe for
you, She wants vou to send for her as soon as
you ean find a safe place to stay in for a while.
Write and let me know your movements. If
you find anything worth cracking I'll go out
an’ help vou. Yours, Drew"

“When I finished reading this IT presume T
fairly gasned for breath. The man Thad
known as Charles G, R. Lee was really Reginald
F. Gordon, forger, murderer and thief! The

an whom I had treated like a brother, whom
F had helleved was the personification of all
that was good and honest and gentlemanly
was a social outcast, a common criminal.
could searcely credit my eyes and understand-
ine. TI read the letters over and over, trying to
twist some other meaning out of therm, but it
could not he done.

“My atory comes to a clone: T did not know
Reginald Gordon: he rfust have heen a cold-
blooded flend: but for Charles Lee, the man who

| lived with me and ate my bread, I have always

had a kindly remembrance.”

MR. FONEW AND THE BUG.

An Entirely Natural Explanation of the
Organist’s Unaccountable Conduct,
From the Indienapolia Sentinel

Refore James W. Exenew, chief clerk of the
Bureau of Statistics, came to the eitv he lived
in the modest town of Lagro, in Wabash county
On his native heath Mr. Egnew cut considerable

 

| jee He had a nice horse and buggy, played
or as long as he chose to remain inthe country. |

the organ in the chureh, oceasionally sang in

| the choir and had his clothes made by a Fort
| Wayne tallor

“As I had surmised, I found that Mr. Lee was |
a broad-minded man of the world. He was |

When Mr. Fenew received his appointment
to the office he now holds a great many of his

| frienda went to the depot to See him off They

gave him the glad hand and many predicted

the Governor's chair. Mr. Egnew bore his honors

| modestly and did not blush as he bid farewell

to a bevy of Lagro’s fairest. Six months passed
before he returned to the scene of his boyhood
days. He beamed in on the adiniring populace
one Saturday evening and until after midnight

| entertained his neighbors with stories of his life |

in Indianapolis
The next evening services were held in the

| church and when Mr. Egnew entered he was |

immediately surrounded by 4 bunch of his |
{and Ladder Company—di
man in these days—well, sir, the boys climbed
on Gimp's roof and chase
name—that ‘ere talipot for four solid hours
| before they got him quiet and tamed him down,
He jest raised Cain around the ward for a week,
the neighbors petitioned the Health
authorities and—well, Gimp got rid of him,
somehow,”

“What kind of a thing is {t, Jake?” inquired |
“I never heered av & talipot

friends, who prevailed upon him to play the

organ, He tried to make an excuse, but there
was no escape and like a lamb he was ted un-
willingly to the slaughter. The first hymn,
*Shall We Gather at the River?” is one of Mr
Eenew's favorites and he played the music
ina way that made the windows rattle

“He's in grent form,” said the brunette
soprano of the choir

“Indeed he is,” replied the blonde contralto.

Following the prayer the minister In slow,
solemn tones announced the nexthymn. “The
congregation,” said he, “will please unite in
singing No. 824, “Go Seek and Ye Shall Find.”

Mr. Eenew played the prelude and the min-
ister had given the signal for the audience
to arise, when something out of the ordinary

and when the people raised their heads to see
what the matter was they were astonished
at the wild, hagrard look on the face of the or-

ganist. With one hand he was vainly endeavor- |

ing to finger the keys, while with the other he
clutched at his thoat as though he would choke
The lady members of the choir looked at him

| in such a reproachful sort of way that he made

a mighty effort to continue playing
“Go seek and ye—" sang the congregation,
With a yell Fgnew removed his hands from

| the keys and once more made a grab at his

shirt front. Great beads of persniration stood
out on his forehead and the wild look about
his eves caused the dignified brunette to move
a few feet further away from him

“Has our Jimmy acquired bad habits during
his stay in the city?" asked one of the members
of the church of another.

“IT am sure I don’t know,” replied his com-

} Ppanion: “his actions are certainly peculiar.”

“Go seek and ye—" started the congremra-
tion again.

Onee more Exnew faced the instrument, this
time with 4 do-or-die look on his face. He soon
took up his cueand munuged to play the first

rough. Then us the minister rend the
text Kenew. without « word of explanation
left hix seat and ran behind the organ, followed
by several membors of the choir.

“What in the world ia the matter? exclaimed
one of the voung women

“Matter! Matter!” exclaimed Eenew. “Good
heavens, look at this.” Without further ado he
tore open his shirt und drew from his bosom a

black, squirming pinching bug fully an inch in |

length. The bug had secured a good hold,
however, and when Egnew tore it lose from
his body he was forced to vell, With something

that sounded stranvely like d—n he threw the |

bug on the floor, while the young women stood
about and tittered,

Mr. Farnew returned to the organ, finished
the music and after services exnlained his
actions, Then he was the hero of the hour and
his reputation was saved,

TO READ “THE SUN'S" RFAL ESTATE
NEWS

and tabular forms of daily transactions is to be

fle tatped 6 Gray relew baa te Gat better posted inthis direction than those who
their robes came to an end, With the first |
‘

rely on so-called Real Estate mediums, where
the effort but partially covers the ground,—Ads

 

SURE SIGNS OF DEATH.

Decomposition the Only One—Sir Benjamin
W. Kichardson's Eleven Tests.

To Tue Epitor or THe SuN—Sir: The tnter-
esting article in THE SUN of 12th inst., on the
“Sure Signs of Death,"' by Dr. Theodore Deecke,
lays stress upon the discoloration and turges-
cencs caused by tightly ligating a finger asa
sure sign of life if these phenomena appear,
and of death if they are absent under this pres-
The ligature applied in this way Is, like a
number of other tests, admitted by authorities
on the subject to be important as confirmatory
evidence when considered along with all the
other signs that point to death, but by itself,
although it {¢ a proof of life when it causes
livid discoloration, but should
these phenomena not appear it may indicate
nothing more than that the circulation has
stopped--as has often occurred with the respi-
ration, sensation, brain functionsa id calorifica-
tion for a time—but not that it cannot goon

 

swelling and

Various prizes have been offered and awards
made by scientific and medical societies, but
with one exception the ao-called proofs of death
for which the awards have been given are
deemed unsatisfactory. The British Medical
Journal, Jan, 21, 1893, page 145, thus reports the
case of award for the only kind of proof that
has been found to be infallible:
des Sciences of Paris proposed as the subject
for the Dusgate prize for 1890 ‘The Signs of
Death and the Means of Preventing Premature
Burial.’ The prize, 2,600 francs, has been
awarded to Dr. Maze, who considers that putre-
faction is the only certain sign,
deaths should be certified by medical men on
oath; also thatin every cemetery there should
be a mortuary where dead bodies can be de-

posited and that burial should take pla
when putrefactive changes set in.”
embaiming

“The Académie

He urges that

such a universal the same pre-
cautions should precede that operation and
autopsy and cremation,

in the cases of
this subject

Persons who are intereste
should consult the Austrian Imperial law, as it
is the most compre hensiv
of all others
found in THE SUN of Maw 14, 1898.
duties of the offical examiners of the dead,
which are vefined in some sixteen rules, is the
deciara'ion that “theonly sure sign of death
eneral decomposition, which as arule
comes late in the case, the examiner, in the ab-
sence o! this proo , must not be
single sign, but he must base
upon an assemblage of all the signs that point
to death, and to any injuries that may involve
the vital apparatus.”

Among the modern authorities on this sub-
has investigated
patiently into the ob-cure conditions of trance,
catalepsy and other forms of death counterfeits

Benjamin. Ward Richardson,
dhe was of the o inon that
methods of examining bodies and
death certification—except where they are de-
fined and guarded by legal provisiona—were
roofs of the fact_of death,
bsolute Signs of Death,” in

ublisved in 1889, he
eleven tes's as neces-
putrefaction (No, 7) to

practical and strict
account of it will be

A condense
Among the

ulded by any
in conclusions

none, perhaps,

than the late Sir

the ordinar

nite unrellable as
1 & paper on the )

No. 21 of the Aeclepiad,
formulated the followin,
sary in the absence o
determine the fact of dissolution:
Respiratory failure, including absence of
movements of the chest, absence of
y murmur, absence of evidence of
on of water vapor from the lungs
by the breath.

2. Cardiac failure, incliding absence of ar-
teria] pulsation, of cardiao motion,
cardiac sounds,

8. Absence of turgescence, or filling of the
veinson making pressure between them and
the heart (the ligature).

4. Reducture of the tem
below the normal standard, 98 degrees Fabhr., in
the axilla orarmpit.

6. Rigor mortis and muscular collapse.

6. Coagulation of the blood.

7. Putrefactive decomposition.

8. Absence of red color in semi-transparent
parts under the influence of a powerful stream

rature of the boay

 

. Absence of muscular contraction under
the stimulus of galvanism, of heat and of pune-

Absence of red blush of the skin after
subcutaneous injection of ammonia (Monti-

Absence of signs of rust or oxidation of a
bright steel blade, after plunging it deep into
the tissues (the needle test of (loquet and
He conciudes as follows:
these signs point to death; if there be no indi-
respiratory function; if there be no
the pulse or heart, and

signs of movement of
eins of the hand

no sounds of the heart; if the v
do not enlarge on the distal side of the fillet;
ifthe bloodin the veins contains a coagu!um;
if the galvanic stimulus fails to produce muscu-
lar contraction; if the injection of ammonia
dirty brown blotch the evidence may
be considered conclusive that death is abso-
If these signs leave any doubt, or if they
leave no doubt, one further point of practice
should be carr
pi inarcom the tem
en raised toa heat of 84 degrees Fahr
molsture diffused through the air, and
nd moist ‘atmosphere it should
istinct indications of putrefactive de-
composition have set in.”
This distinguished physician left precise in-
structions that on no account wash
uried or cremated until it exhibited un-
mistakable signs of decomposition. This was
carried out by his executors.
Epw. P. Votirm, M. D,
BADEN-BADEN, Aug. 30.

 

LOTS OF TALIPOTS IN OLD NEW YORK.

 

Hundreds Ran Around the Fourth Ward and
They Ate Jake Clute’s Turkeys.

Some one told Jake Clute last night that there
was a talipot in town. Jake is an old-timer
on Park row with reminiscences of the Keenan-
Jack Heenan,
plague in New York, and things
So when some one told Jake that there was a
talipot in town Jake said he knewit two weeks

the cholera

“Why,” he said, “in my days there were
hundreds of ‘em running around the Fourth
My dear boy, I saw ‘em five feet long,
as the pole of a Brooklyn
remember one of ‘em getting
two big turkeys that

tails as lon

into my cellar and eatin’
up there for Thanksgiving.
he killed my. pet do
| might not believe it

and ate him too,
tI remember a—what
do you call it—oh, ves, a talipot, that was owned
by a friend of mine over in the Ninth ward,
that was Greenwich village in those days.
Well, one of them ‘ere things, it was owned by a
fellow we called Old Gimp cause he were lame.
climbed up on Gimp’s house
| and raised such @ rumpus up there
of the neighbors were able to slee
Finally the men of old Columbian Hook
m Gregory was fore-

That ‘ere thin

that—what's his

 

“Well,” answered Jake, “it’s a sort of—well
it’s very quick on its feet and sometimes it
don't move 80 quick, but when it moves there's
I remember one night,
I think it was about the first of June along in the |
forties, I was——-

“Waita minute,” interrupted Charley Meehan: |
*'n talipot is a great fan palm tree that grows in
They don't eat turkeys {nor

| Likely to be trouble.

the bast. Indies.
dogs either,”
you be blowed,” exclaimed Clute.
always poking your gab into the conversation
of gentlemen: no one asked you for your op nion.
Good night, gents; I'm not accustomed to insults
of this kind,
Then Cite went to Brooklyn, where he lives

 

THIS WILD*sMAN I8

His Presence tn Tatulla May Account for the
Disappearance of Sandry Samoans,

Louis Globe-Democrat.

In a letter from Civil Engineer E. R. Gaylor
to his family in this city, dated Pago-Pago,
Island of Tutuila, Aug. 4, 1900, the following
incident is related

“Here is a sensation, a real, genuine wild
Twelve years ago three Solomon Island-
whoa were brought to U
antations at Vai
built a rude

From the St.

ers (cannibals),
to work on the German
escaped from Upolu
and drifted by wind and wave over
miles of unknown sea to Tutuila
lived for a time in a mountain
was shortly afterward killed by the Samoans,
and some time after this happened the remain-
ing two parted company and never again met.
A week ago on a mountain side, overhang-
ing Laulu, in an almost inaccessible fastness,
a wandering Samcan found a banana patch,
a small taro fleid, and a rude hut and caught a
glimpse of a man as he disappeared up the
mountain side.
anized which destroyed
nta and fire
naked man, armed with a bow and arrow,
tall, sinewy, long-haired and blacker than your
id paint him, stalked into
Ana and pointed to his mouth, demanding
f . They brought him over to Fago Toga
rincipal town on the Bay of Pago-Pago).
ce, arms and body were finely tattooed
could hardly be seen
He stood head and

lines, which

inst his ebony skin.
shoulders above the Samoans and white men,
who regarded him with the greatest respect.
ying several Samoans who
in late years,”*

He Is accused of sla
have disappeared

 

TOURING WITH ROOSEVELT;

INCIDENTS OF THE GOVERNOR'S
JOURNEY THROUGH MICHIGAN

His Car Door Locked Between Stops So that
He May Have a Chance to Eeonomire in
the Use of His Voloe—He Reads All the
Time—A Good Joke on Candidate this,
ON THE RooseVELT TRAIN, Bept. 14 --%4..

Roosevelt always reads when he travels. When

he boarded the Minnesota at Albany, Aros

Knapp was close behind him with six Waverjoy

novels. The Governor reads slowly. He takes

his literary refreshment as a German takes }is
beer. He is not interrupted while he is reading,

The door between the Minnesota and the Stare

Committee car is kept locked, Experience jas

showed that this is a necessary limitation to; \\t

on the tendency of the people aboard to tu).
the Governor strain his voice by talking aeyincr
the roar of the train. Any one Who wisjos
to see the Governor is admitted to the Mijio.
sota, but the trouble of waiting at the locked
door in a shower of cinders is suMfcient to door
any one from going through it who is not bent
on an errand of considerable importancs

The man who travels on a campaign train
for any length of time finds himsell stijyi)g
into a fixed notion that a railroad sti.

is place where a crowd is always °

ning, yelling toward the rear of entering

trains, and where there is always a yoy

brassy brass band playing “There'll bo a

Hot Time in the Old Town To-nig)t ”

begins to forget that any other state of ¢

ever existed at railroad stations. The yjog
of a meeting from the calm seclusion of a wine

 

 

 

dow in the front of the train is hardly loss jy.
teresting than that which is to be obtained
by becoming one of the “prominent citize.*
in carriages who are escorted from the station

to the Town Hall or the public square Tha
wildly excited efforts of the chairman of tha
local committee to get certain men Whose
names he has set down ona long list into cer.
tain carriages; the capers of the troop of Rough
Ridersjwhich has been organized for the cue
paign in every town in Michigan, and the duste
enveloped progress of the cavaleade out inte
the town—all these things are better pictures
in perspective than close at hand. Then, after
half an hour or so, the cloud of dust rises out
of the trees again and vagrant strains of that
everlasting tune drift out of it and then ina
tumultuous whirlpool of bicycles, women with
babies and greasy-handed toilers of the oi)
comes the Governor's carriage on whieh hance
a crowd of small boys as thick as bees 11 ig
always apparent that the controlling popular
tendency on the arrival of the trains is curiosity
and that it changes after Mr. Koosevelt has
spoken to a wild desire to la y hands on him and
stay as close as possible to him until the las
minute.

Grand Rapids has a unique Post Office system.
It is based on a Close alliance for public service
between the Post Office and the city's trolley eye.
tem. All mails are carried between the stations
and the main Post Office on trolley cars. ‘There
isn't a mail wagon in the city. “On every car
that runs Over any of the roads there is a letter
box attached to the guard of the forward plate
form. When anybody wants to mail a letter
he stops a passing car and drops the letter into
the box. The motorman woilld as little think
of ignoring a man with @ letter to mail as he
would of running by @ prospective passenger,
The letters are tiéken from the ears in Campag

lace, near the Post Office, and consequently
hey move from the writer to the mail train
faster in Grand Rapids than in any other place
on earth, A hilarious person from Detroit,
not officially connected with Col. Roosevelt'a
tour, became so enamored of the system that
he bought thirty postal ecards which he made
the excuse for stopping every car that went
by the Morton House for an hour until an ofticer
of the road and a policeman persuaded hiin to
enter the hotel and explain to them the reli.
tionsship between & Mamie Taylor and a Toi
Collins.

Owasso, Mich, could barely forgive Theodore
Roosevelt for being a New York man. Tha
town hates New York and all that has to do
with it. A young fellow who was in every
way the most prominent man of jis
age in town, died suddenly in New York re
cently. In spite Of requests frem the family
at Owasso, the body was sent ® the horrible
Harlem Morgue and remained there and at
the Bellevue Morgue until the avrival of an
elder brother of the dead man. Owasso could
not be angrier if it believed that the whole
city of New York had concentrated its energies
on outraging the decencies of Owasso, Mer.
chants declare they will not go to New York
to buy goods or do business with New York
drummers and it jis not altegether imyoss ble
that New York will suffer an actual commercial
loss beeause of the unfortunate action of a
Coroner's physician

Col. A. T. Bliss, the candidate of the Repub.
Heans of Michigan for Governor, is a (ierand
Army man and has the reputation of being a
shrewd business man, but he makes no preten-
sions to being a great orator. Absolutely
without practice in public speaking he hus at-
tempted nothing more than a few words of

reeting to his audiences, He talked altogether
during Gov. Roosevelt's progress throu
Michigan leas than three times an hour Hut
so little had he husbanded his voice that his
good-byes to the party at Niles wer
audible. He is, however, a man of boundle «

  

e@ sonroely

good nature as was shown by his belavioronuthe
occasion of the Saginaw gathering inthe pu!

square of the town. Watts Humphere the
Congressman, started telling stories Here's

one on Col. Bliss,” he said, “the Colon: nd hie
wife were looking oul of the window
ingand they saw the iceman comes!
gate and kiss the hired girl with great t
before he brought in the ice. M I
very indignant. The Colonel said that }e didn't
blame the iceman a bit. Just then the ey
came in to announce lunch, ‘Mary.’ Mrs
said to her. ‘Tsaw what happ: ned j ist fe
the back gate. Mary, hereafter will meet
the iceman and take in the ice.’

Col. Blis@’s friends and neighbors who know
his wife as # stern organiser of Woman's uusi-
faries and Republican. lad committecs aid
the like, Jet out a yell that could be head a
mile. Mrs. Bliss in a window overlooking the
square doubled up a small fist and > t
violently at the Congressman, and the ( el
himself doubled up on his chair and slapped tis
knee and roared.

 

  

 

 

 

 

Joseph 8S, Hall, the general passenger agent

 

 

 

of the Michigan Central Railroad, & «4 d
looking young man, but he has ran a trays -
ling hotel for forty persons for two ca) 1
has kept it moving without deviativ i
schedule that called for miles and nm f
track to be covered at sixty-five and ee: -
five miles an hour, This is not an easy par'y
to keep track of, Beside the speakers, ‘here
are always reception committes from the vest
nearest Station who must be carefully looked
after, Then there are reporters and the \vorl=
ern Union man who goes along to take, ! -
tate and accele:ate the filing of despatcues
and who must always stay at the teegrapn
office until the very fast moment. Noo4 tien
has been left behind, Often the tra ed
from another station than that at » it
emptied its passengers. The train | ried
late from speaking points again and agin,
but it has never been late in arriving, 1 )¢@
cars have swung sometimes so that it has bern
{impossible to write without making ms
at least an inch high, and the tyr T
of Mr. Loeb, the Governor's stenograplients
bounced off its table once, But the t ule
Ways gets there on time. ‘The comussary
arrangements are comparatively sirpie, the

Governor and his immediate party huve the?
own cook on the Minnesota, There is an Me
cient buffet end of the State Comruitier &
Some idea of the detail with whic
made his arrangements is indicated by the
{llustrated itineraries of the Michigan trip
which were put in the hands of each puseen eer
at the start,

  

~-
——

 

There is a rich lumberman, named A
Bliss, up near Saginaw who has a erent f
fora plaything He is no relation tu the
didate for Governor, and is only interested
in politics once in four years. He is of coure
the sort of man to whom come the agents for
agricultural machinery of all sorts
scriptions from everywhere, In) Pree! a
years Mr. Bias always @xamines these men
*
°

 

 

closely as to the state of feeling anone
farmers concerning the candidates for P
dent He has found by past experience t
the information he mains in this way has been
Quite accurate when tested by the vote

    
   

election day This year the ors bh 5
from the agents run about » this Tie
farmers are buying more machinery
and more expensive machinery than ew?
e
?

 

than ever before, They are investing deeys
in machinery than we ever believed the ema +
farinera could be persuaded to invest \
find that the farmers attribute their ab ‘
muy this machinery to the administration
the Government by President Mc Kin'ey Thet
afe quite certain that the way for their pros.
pony to be maintained for the next four years
a to reélect him. We _find many men #9
were too busy talking Bryan to look at mo-
chinery four years ago anxious to buy ro
chines now and thanking McKinley for ther
ability to make the purchases.”

Why Does “The Sun"

believe that it is especially adapted to do rour
advertising? Because in all New York there iso
man of property, no man of real substance, "0
citizen of standing and of honorable ambilior
who does not read Tuk SUN.—Ads,