le

“~~

-

GALVESTON IS. REVIVING.

TORES ARE OPEN AND SOME BUSI-
; yess (8 BEING CONDUCTED.
Although There

fo Starvation fe the Town.
Persons Mayor

are 10,000 Homeless
Jones Telegraphs to Gov, Sayers a Sammary
of the Site ation. The lows Being Cleaned
a Bie Bare Strip Through

Thoroughly
the City Where All the Debris Is Barned
The Arrival of Suppites-Caring for the
Orphans = Destitate on the Mainland,
GaLvraton, TAX Sept. 16 The eftuation in
this hurricane: str ecken town {s beat summed up

 

sh. which Mavor Jones, Congressa-
1 Gen McKibben eent in union

Sayers at Austin
CAL vRaTon, Tex,, Bapt, 14

n this daapat

wit? At

man fa’
ast night to (0%

Hon J p Severe, (rorernor
eater the fullest possible investigation here,
| inatified in saving to you and through
on the Arnertcan people that no such dis
— oe overtaken any community or section
4 history of our country
“The joas of life js appalling and can never
be accurate!’ determined. It is estimated at
ypeople
a resh: an a mein Galveston that has not
paen injured, while thousands have been de-
ad The property lose represents acm
ee Hepa of sixty Years and tore mil-
ee in be safely stated, Under
oe onalt ena with 10,000 people homeless
were 7 rota. with the entire population under
and des al ae din difeult to realiza we appeal
phe "te , hour of our great emergency

to the eympathy and aid of mankind
‘WaLTeR JONES, Mayor,
Kh. BO AAWLEY,
¢ Congress, Galveston dilatrict,
McKIBRen,

mander Department of Texas ”
and homeless,
ing cheerful again tT
, reviving under the stim lating in-
fences of fre. \ime and carbolie acid
[ime le everywhere and more {ts wanted, It
n the streets, poured in gutters on
in cellare There are no dis
eft in the business sections

ber

“am

"Cam
Netwith tandinge the alice

the city ne

 

in apread ©
aidewalka and

biecta

treasing ob
Thousands of men are at work removing the
débris and burning tt

Stores are open for business and others are

preparing to open by tranaferring their stock
to the sidewalk to dry Miles of street are
ined with damaged goods drying under the
flerce rays of a tropic sun Every man--pro-
prietor, clerk and porter coatiess and with
trousers rolled up, ia busy at cleaning up

BVERY ONE HOPPPUL.

The spirit of the people of Galveston ts one
of hopefulness that the future Galveston will
Hee greater and better than ever. Even the
\aborers and the workmen are imbued with this
wpirit now, and the thousands employed in
burning the wreckage do their work with a
i. are burning incessantly along the
beach for two miles west of Tremont street,
consuming wrecks of houses and the bodies
of such victims as are still confined beneath,
The poisoned air is becoming pure except in
the West End and along the beach and deep-
water front. Fire and disinfectants have done
wonders in three days

“In thirty days, you will not know It fs the
same city,” said John Sealey, chairman of
the Finance Committes, “We have sent over
the State for 1,000 carpenters, 1,000 additional
masons and artisans of all kinds, Galveston
will rise greater and better than ever. This
is what we desire to impress upon our good
friends of the North and East

“We are more than thankful to them for the
substantial manner in which they have come
to our ald, but much depends upon ourselves,
It requires great trials to test the character
of men. Never have I read or heard of a people
responding with more pluck and more hope-
fulness than the people of Galveston.

“There is a great work to be done and they
will do it. Losses are forgotten, though the
majority have lost everything that is dear
to them. They now face the future with full
confidence {n it.”

Equal confidence {s shown by others among
the men who control the finances and commerce
of the city. The activity, energy and pluck
displayed in the streets to-day will, to a cer-
tainty, make Galveston over.

Clean up” is a sign met with in every block.
Not only are stores open, but women are shop-
ping. Tremont street is open from the bay to
the beach. Mechanio street, the Strand, and
Winnie and Church streets are being rapidly
cleared

The peopla have recovered from the
paralysis that held their senses for three days.
They were on the streets in large numbers to-
day Carriages, express wagons and drays
were doing business, and grocery stores
were all open and  buayv. Dangerous
walls have been pulled down by the
fre department. Persons whose homes are
habitable have returned. The Relief Committee
* caring for the others.

The exodus of women and children still con-
tinues. Almost 1.000 crossed the bay to-day
and went to Houston. Itis predicted that next
week the rush of the refugees will cease, as con-
ditions are so rapidly improving.

There are as yet no indications of more than
normal sickness. The breezes from the Gulf
are healthful and the salt water is now de-
pended upon to assist in the work of sanita-
ton

It wil be a month before the windrow of
wreckage extending for miles along the beach
ean be fully destroyed. The burying squads
are burning about two blocks a day. When
‘heir work is finished there will be astrip of
vacant territory a half-mile wide and five
miles long, extending the entire length of the
city along the beach. The houses and buildings
north of this waste and across to the bay are
'n condition to be repaired or rebuilt

The injured are rapidly recovering. It was
"aid to-day that not more than 500 were so se-
rloualy injured as to be compelled to remain
‘ndoors. The disaster was of the kind that
claimed life and left but few injured. There
ire now enough physicians on the scene to care
for the wounded, but the demand for sanitary
*Eperts continues

It ls believed that the loss of life {n Galveston
will not fall below 6,000. Every little town
within a radius of seventy-five miles of Gal-
Veston was wrecked and torn and had people
illed and wounded, so that the storm's final
death let will be considerably in excess of 5,000.

NO STARVATION IN TOWN.

There {s no starvation in Galveston. Plenty
flour, “ah, anffae an canned goodsis hereand
Yerstahles. ham and bacon are coming in.
— are open and are using gasolene
: on the sidewalk There is no wild
1h for supplies except bythe negroes. They are
id the most numerous applicants for relief,
re than 1,599 laborers are well cared for, the
overnment having provided most of the ra-
ions
aa" are many people here who want to
aaa rebuild their destroyed homes as
rt fy Possible. All local carpenters are
ian — 's work for several hundred, or
who a sand, carpenters and contractors,
pinta onan on regular wages from private
+ They must come with their tools
wan” the military cordon around the city
minues, aA large number of people who de-

 

oo ait their own business got fn yester-

Ther ‘a , ~ morning by means of passes
In & Mar, ay long, however

ne fais ys Convent to-day over 400 aick

rd ge men, wor and children were

he aime They are looked after by the Catho-

here have been many deaths in

‘his hosp tal. siete ; :
Kness {s alan reported among

has wie
Thich Whoare living in their wrec ked homes,
tary are often without floors and in bad aani-
'Y cond):
The guy
Tmnary manner in whic the
« soldiers » the guards

Have suppressed lawlessness and
Sear has had the effect of making the city
8 na death after nightfall. The report
fun is occasionally heard, and it marks

 

 

the death of some prowler. All law-abiding
people retire to their sleeping places at night-
fall, and do not venture out until dawn arrives,
The saloons are still closed. The big business
houses and the banks that are open are doing
a good business

It is found that “camera fiends” have been
shot down, as well as the ghouls who despoiled
the dead. Two were summarily shot yvester-
day by guards. They were detected in the act
of photographing the nude bodies of dead
womenandeiris. Their cameras were smashed
by the soldiers and the negatives destroyed,

The committee of citizens appointed by
the general committee to visit Gov. Sayers
and confer with him in regard to the rellef meas.
ures for the city returned this morning They
report that the Governor is well pleased with
the present arrangement for carrying on the
relief work. All funds will pass through the
hands of the local finance committee, which
is composed of leading business men. A de-
talled account will be kept of all racetpta and
expenditures, so that |t may be known how every
Gent of the money that is received was dis-
tributed

Tt is estimated that $4,000,000 will be needed
to take care of the 25,000 needy persons in the
city and to place the city in fit sanitary condi-
dition for habitation.

A plan is being matured for taking care of
the widows and orphans, just as was done at
Johnstown, Pa. after the great flood there,
A ®pecial fund for the widows and orphans
at Johnstown was raised and a similar pro-
posal is now being considered here

There are many children who have been left
both motherleas and fatheriess, and many
women lost their husbands and only support.
The State is taking care of as many orphans
as can beacoommodated In State Institutions of
that character, but there are many others among
the refugees already sent to Houston andamong
those remaining in Galveston

The difficuity of transporting the food supply
and clothing to this city from the end of the
railroad on the mainiand haa not yet been re-
moved It is foundthat the larger draught vaa-
sels cannot get through the channel tothis city,
and the supplies will have to be brought over in
smaller hoata

The ears and train-loads of foed and cloth-
{ing are pouring into Houston froto all parta
of theStateand conntry They are being rushed
forward to the mainland coast as fast as the
railroads can handle them

FEW NEGROES PERISHED

As the work of relief and search for dead
bodies here progresses the fact is discovered
that remarkably few negroes perished in the
storm. Most of them lived in a colony in the
lower part of the city in insecure houses,
When the water from the Gulf began to rise
they abandoned their homes and took refuge
with the families of white people for whom
they worked. One wealthy white family here
took in over thirty negroes in the early part of
the storm, and all of them were saved. The
negroes are still being fed and housed by whites,
It seems as if the negroes had a natural sense of
the danger and got to places of safety much
quicker than the white people.

Six ocean steamships have anchored in the
harborsince Tuesday. They are awalting grain
cargoes.

Mr. Robertson, the grain inspector, said:

“We will begin loading the steamers next
week. All this wheat, 2,500,000 bushels, will
be saved, if we have no rain. Col. Polk, gen-
eral manager of the Santa Fe, tells me he will
have trains in Galveston next week. We never
aay die here. Look up and down these streets
and you will see an example of the greatest
hustling ever known.”

SIONS OF BUSINESS MEN.

As an indication of the resumption of acti¢-
fty here, these are some of the placards posted:

“Adow & Lobit announce that their clerical
force is intact, all damage to bank butiding re-
paired and that they are ready to receive de-
posits and pay out money the same as before
the storm.”

“Hutchings, Sealey & Co. report no damage
to their banking house and no interruption in
their business.”

“The Rosenberg Bank reports no damage
and no interruption to business.”

“The Galveston Brewery announces itaelf
ready for business in all departmenta and
will deliver at the brewery free ice on doctors’
prescription for sick people Will sell to
anybody any quantity, fifty pounds or more, at
the rate of 30 cents per 100 pounda "’

“The Texas Ice and Cold Storage Company
announces that it is ready to deliver foe in
any quantity, 100 pounds or leas, at the factory,
free on doctors’ prescription for sick personas,
and will sell to anybody 100 pounds for 80 centa,
50 pounds 25 centa, 25 pounds 10 cents, 10 pounds
5 cents These are the lowest prices for which
foe has ever been sold in Galveston The
company will probably be ready to-morrow
to accept on storage {n the refrigeration rooms
all perishable goods."

“Mistrot Broa & Co, wholesale, announce
themselves ready for business in all depart-
ments.”

MILITARY ORDER IMPRESSING MEN TO WORK.

An illustration of the military rule under which
the work has been done is General Order No.8,
issued by Brig.-Gen. Thomas Scurry, command-
ing the city forces, as follows:

“Guards, foremen of gangs and working
parties or others acting under the authority
of thia department will use due diligence
toward preventing any hardships on prtvate
individuals or impressing for service, The
conditions, however, are so terrible and it {s so
necessary that sanitary precautions be taken
to preserve the lives and health of the people
of this stricken city that individual interests
must give way to the general good, If it is
found feasible to secure volunteers, general
impressment will be avoided, but the medical
fraternity being a unit in the opinion that
further delay or procrastination will bring
pestilence to finish the dire work of the hurri-
cane, the interests of no individual firm or
corporation will for one instant be spared to
secure volunteers for work.

“Failing in this, every able-bodied man ts
to be put to work to clear the wreckage, burn
the hundreds of bodies under it, and save, if
possible, the lives of those who yet remain.
I trust this position may be thoroughly appre-
elatei and understood, and that all persons
will govern themselves accordingly.”

FRAME HOUSES WITHSTOOD THE STORM WELL.

The frame houses stood the storm
much better than the stone and brick
houses. Most of the houses that are

still standing were built many years ago,
some of them before the Civil War, and while
the newer houses around them quickly col-
lapsed, they remained standing. The hear-
jest possible timbers and most secure founda-
tions are to be used in the construction of new
homes. They will be put up to stand the fury
of the elements. Major Frank M. Spencer's
home, which weathered the storm and saved
over fifty people who sought refuge therein,
waa built in the ‘50s

It is a frame structure, and was not damaged
by the wind, although the outbuildings are
gone.

When {t was seen that the stable was about
to go, Major Spencer and his sons waded through
the water to the place and got the horses and
mules out of it, and brought them into the
lower rooms of the house, where they remained
in perfect throughout the storm
A strange cow also sought refuge in the house

and was taken in.

security

Americans to Berlin to Ald Galveston Sof-
ferers.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Renin, Sept. 15.- There waa a largely at-
tended meeting at the American Embassy
here to-day in behalf of the Galveston sufferers,
Mr. Jackson, the Charge d’ Affaires, expressed
the sympathy of the American colony tn Berlin
with the survivors of the hurricane
scription list was opened for the relief of the

A sub- | '
' ing guide mailed on request.

 

|
|

Torr wy

CUTTER GALVESTON IN THE STORM.

 

A Beat’s Crew Rescued Thirty-four Men,
Women and Children.

WASHINOTON, Sept. 15--The report of the
safety of the revenue cutter jalyeston and her
crew waa confirmed to-dey by letters received
at the Treasury Department from an officer
of that vessel. In a letter written on the oth
inst. he says

“All the sheda on the wharves have been
levelled to the ground or nearly so I don't
think there is a house that has not been more
or less damaged or blown to the ground While
the wind was blowing over sixty milesan hour
we sent out a boat with a reseuing party
row up one of the streeta’ The first trip they

to

succeeded in saving thirteen women and
children and brought them back to the
veasel in safety It was useless to attempt
to row the boat against the terrific
wind, and as the water waa at the time
not over a man's head in the streets a rope
would be sent out to the nearest telegraph
pole, and by that meana the boat could he
hauled along from pole to pole. This waa

accomplished only by the most hereulean efforts
on the part of the men who led ont the rope,
but between swimming, walking and flounder-
ing along in the teeth of the gale the rope would
finally be made fast. Then it was all that the
crew of one officer and seven mea could do
to pull the boat againet the flerce blasts of the
cycdone. Ky working all Saturday afternoon
and evening, and up to 1 A. M. Sunday, the
brave boya succeeded in reseulng thirty-four
men, women and children, whom they put in
4 place of paiety and provided with suficient
provisions for their immediate wants Finally,
on account of the darkness, the increasing
violence of the storm and the vast amount of
wreckage in the streets the reacuing party
was reluctantiy compelled to return to the
veasel.

“On board the ship tt was a period of intense
anxiety for all hands. No one slept, and it
was only by the almost stiperhuman efforts
of the omc ers and crew that we rode out the
hurricane in safety
the carrying away of the port forward rigging
and the smashing of all the windows and sky
lights the ve saat pustala; d no serious injury
Not a single person on board was iniured
in any way”

Under date of the 11th inst, t
write

We think there bave heen 6.000 lives lost
I cannot begin to tell of the number of houses
blown down or darnage done. Gur new
tiller, whiet wnontheNew York steamer
haa been set upondeck and Wearethus et! abled
to relieve much suffering by eupplying drink
{ng water to the many who eall on us for relief
We have also furnished aa much food to the
needy as we can possibly spare All that can
be thought of now {ts the disposing of the dead
Already one steamer load and four barge loads
have been sent out to sea. During the height
of the hurricane the tide rose seven or eight
feet above the usual high water and three facet
over the wharves. There are 600 men working
to repair the city waterworks and, in the mean-
time, we are furnishing all the water we can
poenty distil to the sufferers and aiding them
nasuch other ways aa lie in our power.’

6 same officer

dis.

amed

 

GALVESTON'S GRATITUDE,

The Disaster So Great That the Olty Was
Compelled to Ask Sympathy and Ald.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.—Acting Secretary
of War Meiklejohn has received from Repre-
sentative Hawley of Texas a reply to a tele
gfam sent offering assistance. Mr. Hawley
answered:

“Your telagram of the 12th arrived to-night.
Assurance of your complete sympathy and your
prompt and substantial aid is received by the
citizens of Galveston with profound gratitude.

“The number of dead can only be estimated.
Not leas than 5,000 lives have been sacrificed.
It is theevent of acentury. Two storms of
tremendous velocity met directly here. The
frightful resulta have been largely discussed
by the press.

“Gen. McKibben ts here and of great ald and
comfort in the work of relief. The tents and
rations will be of great service, as you are al-
ready informed.

“The disaster is so great we have been com-
pelled to make our condition known and ask
for sympathy and aid of mankind If ge
deem it expedient, no greater service could be
done than to use such agencies as you may for
universal {information concerning our unhappy
state. HAWLEY.

Secretary Meiklejohn has also received the
following from Mayor Jones, of Galveston

“The people of the city of Galveston desire
to return to you their heartfelt thanks for your
gastejance in their hour of trouble and affiic-
tion.”

Gen. MoKibben last night telegraphed the
War Department as follows from Galveston:

“A complete organization for systematic
work has been made. Gen. Scurry, Gov. Sayers’s
Adjutant-General, is ite head. All other bodies
are working under his orders.

“The city needs money and disinfectants,
The Surgeon-General, through the medical
associations throughout the country, could
render at assistance by shipping disinfeo-
tants. There are plenty of doctors here.”

SOLDIERS LOST AT GALVESTON.

 

 

Names of Those Whom Artillerymen Saw Killed
or Washed Away.

Wastinoton, Sept. 15.—A despatch from Col.
Roberta gives a partial list of the dead and miss-
ing soldiers of Battery ©, First Artillery, at
Galveston:

“Following list of dead and missing, so far as
could be ascertained up to time of my departure
from Galveston: Battery 0, First Artillery : Dead:
First Sergeant George, Cook Cantner, Mechanic
Link, Musician McArthur; Privates Andrews,
two brothers Hunt, Brandner, Claffrey, Mitchell,
Wright, Vantilburg, Seffers, Meyers, Hess,
Willhite. Missing: Privates Lewis, Selaney and
Peterson. Hospital Corps: Missing: Privates
Forest, Gassage and McElven. The list of dead
ia made up from members of the battery who
saw them either killed or washed away. So
far as known, none of these men has been
identified among the bodies of dead recovered.”

 

Memortal Services for Galveston Victims.

The Salvation Army will hold a memortal
service for the dead in the Galveston disaster at
Carnegie Music Hall this afternoon at 3:30
o'clock, Justice Charles McLean of the Supreme
Court will preside, Among the speakers will be

Edmund W. Booth, associate secretary of the
Y M. Cc. A. Dr, Wilbur 8, Chapman ot the
Fourth Presbyterian Church, Dr. 8, P. Cadman
of the Metropolitan Temple, the Rev. Father
Ducey. Dr

Booth Tucker.

uis Klopsch and Commander

 

One of our
for your

An Exchange Tip
fine sack suits to order
$20.00. Made of fancy plaid or
striped English Cheviots. Prince
Albert coat and vest of Vicuna, silk
lined and faced throughout, with
fancy striped trousering to order,
$33.00. Special sale of English
trouserings, $6.00. Fall overcoat of
Venetian and Coverts, silk lined
throughout, $22.00. Special line of
fancy vestings, $8.00.

Clothes to suit or money back is the

| protection we give.

distressed and an appea! for funds was issued |

to American residents and visitors,

 

Mexico Expresses Her Sympathy.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.--Mexico, through her
Ambassador to-day communicated to the State

Department an expression of the deep regretof
President Diaz over the Galveston disaster.

|

Samples, Fashion Booklet, measur-

ARNHEIM

Broadway & 9th Street.

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

| rary homes with

tone

THE DEAD ON THE MAINLAND.

Several Days Before Any Accurate Informa-
tion Can Be Tabulated.

AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 15.--The earlier estimate

noor SP mdawaite , thane ey

  

|
|

of the 200 deaths in the storm-swept district of |

the mainland ia being rapidly confirmed as
the reports from the smaller towns and re-
mote country districts come in. Already more
than 125 bodies have been identified and pos-

sibly 100 others have . been recovered
ind buried without identification In addition
to these it ir known that whole families of
negroes were drowned and killed on the plan-

tations along the Brazos River and in the more
distant parts of Brazoria and adjoining coun
It will be several days before the re
ports from the devastated district are com
plete and a full list of the dead made un

Reporta were received to-day from Rock-
port and other places on the Gulf const weat
of Galveston that the wreckage from Galveston
and other destroyed places is piling up along the

tie

coast. Few bodies are found among this wreck-
nage. It consists of household effects, and of
houses. Several boats left Rockport to-day
for Galveston to aid in the relief work, Boats
have also left Vera Cruz, Tampico and Tux
pan, Mexico, for the scene to tender their

services of those sailing to the suf
fering people ft Is tnderstood that
tise will be round for all these erart in carrying

supplies, building material, &¢., from the main-
land to Galveston pending the restoration of

the railroad bridges and redstablishment of
more direct communication with the island
Refugees from Galveston, Alvin, Angleton

and other places are fast scattering through
out the State. More than fifty have arrived
here since yesterday and have found tempo-
ends and relatives, many

 

 

have gone to p “*s in other States, and a
| joeal relief committee has been organized
here to look after the wants of
all destitute people As fast as

With the exceptions of |

|
|
|

|
|

| :

they arrive they are clothed and fed at the ex-
pense of the local people. Similar committees
are being formed in all the chief cities and
towna of the State It is expected that this
action will greatly relieve the Relief Cornimittee
at Houston and Galveston, and will also re
duce the amount of money required to be ex-
pended out of the general fund that is aceumu-
ating for the benefit of the sufferers

STAATS ZFITUNG PALLING INTO LINE,

Finds There's No Avotding the Free Silver
Issne and Sees Signs of Urvan's Defeat.

Fight is beginning to dawn on the Stouts
Ler as the strenath of German feeling
in the eampaion forees itself to notiee. In

an editorial yesterday {1 has this to say about
the situation

A few weeks ago it looked as though a etrong
current toward Bryan had set in, but since
then a visible turn the other way haa come.
The nearer election day approaches the more
intense becomes the feeling which led to the
erushing defeat of the Democratic candidate
four years ago, the feeling, namely, of insecurity
of fear of serious business disturbances and of
lack of confidence in William J. Bryan's char-
acter

“It would not be the first time that in the
course of a campaign the chances of one can-
didata seemed to be good and then became

slimmer and slimmer without its being possl-
ble to point to any definite fact as the cause

for the right-about in public ope? The
change of sentiment takes place almost imper-
ceptibly in the people itself. Campaign

speeches and red fire have litue to do with it
Cool reflection follows the early enthusiasm;
the bitterness of feeling perhaps at first pres-
ent becomes mitigated careful weighing of
the advantages and disadvantages, which
prospectively depend on the choice of the one
or the other candidate, Such a process is taking
place now”

The Staata Zeitung turns aside to repeat its
attacks on the Republican party on the “im-
perialism” issue, and regreta that the campaign
does pot turn on that, but on free silver

“When the convention declared that the fight
against {mperialism was the most serious ques-
tion of the day, we pointed out that it de-
pended on the people and not on the conven-
ion whether it would bemade so. * * © It
does not seem as though the silver spectre could
be driven away. The feeling of anxiety ts
present. People see everywhere in the back-
ground the incorrigible silver man, who, good
as his intentions undoubtedly are, yet has only
muddled and confused ideas about the con-
ditions, the wrong settlement of which may
hurl the people into a bottomless abyss.

“The Democratic party an excellent
opportunity to get into power this year. If
{t fas Tout its chance and is again defeated ft
has to thank, fp the first place, its candidate,
whose personality, to put {t plainly, does not
offer to the people the guarantees {t wishes for,
but, in the second place, the man who in order
to wreak a personal revenge made the accept-
ance of | the silver plank possible, Richard
Croker.’

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— These army orders were
issued todays:

Second Lieut. Charles MeG. Sweitzer, Porty-fifth
Infantry. honorably discharged on account of physical
disability

Capt Prank F. Green, Fleventh Cavalry, from New
York to the Philippine Islands and jotn his ton E8t

Cr. Joseph I. Donovan, Twenty -second Infantry,
to Columbus Bartacks.

Capt. James Stewart, at his own request, relieved
from further duty at the Ohio Military Ipastitute

Capt, WUllam W. Wren, Seventeenth Infantry, to
Columbus Rarracks.

These assignments to regiments of officers recently

‘ormoted: Lieut-Col. Wiliam Auman, from the

irteenth Infantry to the Twenty first Infantry;
Major John G. Ballance, from the Twenty-second
Infantry to the ‘Thirteenth Infantry and join his rept
ment; Capt. Robert I. Hamtiton, from the Fifth Tn-
fantry to the Twenty-second Infantry, Company I;
First Lieut. Halaey F. Yates, to the Fifth Infantry,
Company K.

Lieut.-Col. James Jackson, relieved from further
duty at Hishop Seott Academy, Portland, Ore

— e

These naval orders have been !ssued

Commander S. W. Very, to the Boston Navy Yard.

Assistant Naval Constructor H. G. Gilmore, to in-
apection duty under Bureau of Construction and Re
pair as relief of Naya) Constructor Zahm.

Lieut W. E. Safford, detached from staff of Gov-
ernor of Guam and ordered to United Statea

First Lieut. J. W. Broatch, United States Marine
Corps, from Guam to United States for treatment

Changes of officers in the Asiatic station’ Ensign
J. A. Schofield, from the New Orleans to the Samar;
Capt. R. FE. Walker, Untted States Marine Corps, from
the Yokohama hospital to Mare Island hospital for
treatment; First Lieut W. L. sou. United States
Marine Corps, from the Yokohama oapital to Cavité
station; Cadet W, V. Tomb, from the Newark to the
Leyte; Cadet S, B, Thomas, from the Leyte to the
Newark, Surgeon C, T, Hibbett, from the Cavité sta
tion to the Newark; Surgeon ©. D. Norton, from the
Marine Regiment to the Monadnock; Lieut H. H.
Hough, from the Manila and home; Lieut J. H. Lohm-
combe, to the Monadnock; Baden T. T. Craven, to
the Manila; Assistant Surgeon F. L. Benton, from
the Cavité hospital to the Brooklyn.

The United States steamship Solace arrived at
Mare Island Sept 14 with the following oMcers on
board: Commander Herbert Winslow, Lieutenant
Commanders F, W. Coffin and G, 8, Willits, Lieuts
J, E. Craven, F. Boughter, W. V. Pratt and H. CG
Ay Bay 2 E. Z Johnston, Assistant Surgeon
Jacob Stepp, Paymaster J. & Philips, Col. RF
Meade ana First Lieut BF. Rittenhouse, United

ates Marine Corps

 

- The Weather.

There was a storm of considerable force central yes.
terday ovér eastern Minnesota and moving eastward;
attended by high winds and heavy rains in the
Dakotas, Minnesota, Wisconsin and northern Michi
gan, and lighter rains in Dilnols, Indiana and a part
of the wesiern Lakes A second disturbance was
central with siight energy over Georgia. with heavy
rain in Alabama, Georgia and northern Florida, light
rain northward over Virginia and cloudy threatening
conditions over New Jersey and New York It ts
likely that the two disturbances will draw together
and advance eastward, with heavy rains in the Ohio
Valiey and the Middle Atlantic States

Fair weather prevalied yesterday west of the Mis
aivetonti and south of Nebraska It wascooler tn the
New Englend States and New York and much cooler
in the Northwest; temperatures sligbily above freez
ing were recorded in Montana. In this etty the morn
ing was fair.the afternoon cloudy and the night rainy
average humidity, 66 per eent; wind, fresh to brisk
north ast. barometer, correct d tw read tw sea li vel, at
8A M,3%.18; P.M. 30.10.

The temperature as recorded by the official tner

mometer, and also by THE SUN's thermometer at the
street level, Is shown In the annexed table

-—OmMeaim Sun's —OMelal— Sun's.

19m «= 18. 1 HOO 1900, 1899, 1e00.

9 A. M 67° 64° 45°; 6P.M.67° 66° 71

12M 73° ad ey uP M 66° 64° 69°

ai? M..60 fa 73°\'2 Mid. 63° ai 47°

WASHINGTON FORECAST POR TO-DAY AND TO-

MORROW

For eastern New York and New Jersey, rain; fair
and cooler tomorrow, fresh, possibly brisk easterly
winds, shifiing to weateriy and northwesieriy by to
nignt

New Engiand, rain today; fair to-morrow, except
rain in east Maine: cooler in the interior; fresh possi
biy brisk east to south winds becoming west to night

For the District of Columbia, Delaware and Mary
land, rain to-day followed by clearing: fatr and cooler
tomorrow; fresh east winds shifting to south and
west

For eastern Pennsylvania rain today fair and
cooler tomorrow; fresh east winds shifting to west
and northwest by to-night

For western Pennsylvania and western New York,
showers or thunderstorm to-day, fair to-morrow,
fresh to brisk south winds, shilting to south west.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.

 

CROKER, WITH A BARREL:

FIRST CALL AT STATE HEAD+
QUARTERS SETS IT A-SMILE.

HI8

He Doesn't Deny That Tammany Will Chip In
a Million 850,000 Expected From Stanch
field. Hoffman Hoase Headqaarters Aban-
doned—-Croker Proposes to Present Coler
as Chairman of the Big Bryan Meeting.

Richard Croker, Tammany’s chieftain, who,
with the ald of ex-Senator Fdward Murphy,
of Troy, nominated John B. Stanchfleld

dr.,

for Governor at the Democratic State Conven-
tion made his firat visit to Democratic State
Headquarters in the St. James Building yeas-
terday morning He was accompanied by
Senator Patrick Henry MeCarren, who was
temporary chairman of the convention which

nominated Mr. Stanchfleld and all the other
Democratic candidates for State offices with
out the aid and consent of ex-Senator David B,

fill of Albany, Mr. Croker had a very
pleasant little chat with Mavor MeGuire of
Svracuee, who ie known as chairman of the

Executive Committee of the Democratic State
Committee, and one of the firet assurances
that Mr. Croker gave to Mr. MeGuire was that
the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin headquarters in
the Hoffman House had been closed This
wae delightful news to Mayor MeGinire and
John A. Mason and all the other Democrata
in the St. James Building, who now tell their
friends in quiet nooks and corners that they
really believe that Bryan and Stanchfleld are
to be elected

Just after the assembling of the Demooratio
State Committee at the Grand Union Hotel,
Saratoga, about a month ago, Mr. Croker and
Mr. Murphy and their friends opened spacious
rooms at the Hoffman House. They wanted
to know what was going on, and so they sent
foralot of Democrats upthe State. Mr. Croker

and Mr. Murphy were well aware that Mr.
Hill desired the nomination of Comp-
troller Coler for Governor. They didn't

want Coler and they wouldn't have him and they
cidn't want MeGuire for temporary chainnan
the convention because MeGuire was for
Coler \ll of the schemes to defeat Coler’s
nomination were put up in the Hoffman House
headquarters Now that Mr. Coler has been
defeated as the Democratic canaidate for Gov-
ernor, the headquarters are closed in the Hoff-
man House, and there is only one simon pure
Democratic State Headquarters, and that is fo
the St. James Builsing.

Mr. Croker and Mr. MeGuire shook hands
and later on it was told how Mr. Hill summoned
Mr. Stanchfleld from Elmira two weeks ago to
Albany. On that visit of Mr. Stanchfleld to his
old law partner, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hill, {t was aa
serted, told Mr. Stanchfleld that he ought
not to accept the nomination for Governor,
on the ground that it would he a personal
humiliation to Mr. Hill, Mr, Hill, it was added,
assured Mr. Stanchfleld on that visit that the
Croker-Murphy-Shevlin outfit were not sin-
cere in their desire to nominate him for Gov-
ermor Mr. Stanchfleld told Mr. Hill that he
would accept the nomination for Governor if
it came to him tn the right way.

At the meeting between Mr. Croker and Mr.
McGuire yesterday the talk turned to the great
Democratic meeting to be arranged for Mr
Bryan when the Democratic candidate for
President arrives in New York city on Oct. 16,

Mr. Bryan spends his vacations in Texas He
has a@ great many friends in the Lone
Star State, and he likes to hunt and fish

in those diggings. In 1896 Mr. Bryan, just be-
fore he started for New York, spoke of the Em-
pire State and the Democratic country east of
the Alleghany Mountains as the “enemy's
country.” It may be said in passing that New
York city, the head centre and great metropolis
of the “enemy's country" has contributed
within the last week over $200,000 toward the
relief of the distressed in Galveston, Texas.

It is proposed to have this Bryan meeting
inthe enemy's country in the Madison Square
Garden. Every detail is to be arranged for by
Mr. Croker and his friends. It ia hoped that
Comptroller Coler will preside at the meeting
and introduce Mr. Bryan. and as a4 etarter Mr.
Croker {sto be temporary chairman and intro-
duce Mr. Coler to the audience. At the proper
time Mr, Coler is to introduce Mr. Bryan.

Somebody started the story yesterday that
Mr. Croker {s to raise a campaign fund of
$1,000.000 for use in New York State Mr.
Croker is aware that his political prestige is at
stake. He and Mr. Murphy nominated the
Democratic State ticket at Saratoga. Mr. Hill
was not invited to have anything to do with

the naming of the candidates and neither
was Mr. Hill requested to take any
part in the deliberations which brought

forth the platform, Mr. Hill for his part nott-
fied all of his friends in the up-country districta
that they should not accept places on the Dem-
ocratic State ticket. Mr. Croker amiled last
night when the statement was repeated to him
that he was to ralse a campaign fund of $1,000,-
000 for Bryan and Stanchfleld. He didn't deny
the statement, however

The Democratic State campaigners, now that
Mr. Croker has called upon them, seem to be
very jubilant. They are expecting a visit
from Mr. Stanchfleld The Demooratio can-
didate for Governor is a very wealthy young
man. His people are all wealthy. Mr Stanch-
fleld himself is reputed to be worth nearly
$1,000,000. He is a very generous contributor
to Democratic campaign funds. He is not a
bellever, it was said, in the use of money in
political campaigns other than for legitimate
purposes. But once these legitimate purposes
are pointed out to him he is generosity itself.
The Democrata !n the 8t. James Building said
yesterday they had no doubt that Mr. Stanch-
field would show up with his check for $50,000,
At least they expected this donation from Mr.
Stanchfield.

‘ a

ANNIVERSARY OF ANTIETAM.
Celebrated in Prospect Park, Brooklya-—Can-
non Discharge Injures One.

The annual celebration in commemoration
of the battle of Antietam was held yesterday
afternoon in Prospect Park, Brooklyn. The
Brooklyn War Veterans’ and Sons’ Assoctation
had charge of the exercises. Park Commis-

sioner George V. Brower delivered the address
The Twenty-third Regiment Band played patri-
otic music

A detail from the Third Battery, N G.S.N.¥.
was ou hand to fire a salute While Frank
Swentzel, 22 years old, of 521 Clinton avenue,
the son of the Rev. Dr. A C. Swentzel, pastor
of St. | uke’s Protestant Episcopal Church, was
swabbing out one of the cannon there was a
premature discharge. Swentzel’s right hand
was mutilated and he received a number of con-
tused wounds on the body. He was taken to
Seney Hospital and will be confined there for
some time.

66 77 99

**Breaks up”

COLDS

Grip-Influenza.

 

of
October and November,

The during
September, se-
cures immunity from Grip and Colds all
Winter long.

Dr. Humphreys’ famous Specific, 77"
restores the checked circulation, indicated
by a chill or shiver, the first sign of taking
Cold, starts the blood coursing through
the veins, and “breaks up” the Cold

“77"' consists of a smal! vial of pleasant

use “Seventy-seven”

pellets; fita the vest pocket.
Doctor book mailed free.

At drugwista, or sent for 25¢
Humphreys’ Homeopathic Medicine Co, Cor.
William & John Sts, New York.

   

nAnam

SIMPLY TRIMMED WALKING and SAILOR HATS,
UNTRIMMED FELT and VELVET HATS

 

|
| SODDOD TAOS OO ODAOSOOAOO

prices,

 

 

 

In a large variety of ne shapes.

Fancy and Ostrich Feathers, Flowers and Foltage, Orna-
ments, Backles and Nobelties in Trimmings.

MISSES’ and CHILDREN’S HATS.
Smart and pretty effects for Dress and General wear.
| FIRST FLOOR.

SOOO

 

Trimmed Hats and Toques.

 

| French Models, Copies and Adaptations forming an
attractive collection of the new
styles for Autumn.

A number of designs embodying the latest features have been
especially prepared of materials and in colors sutted for
present wear and will be offered to-morrow at reasonable

THIRD FLOOR.

 

| €lghteenth Street, Nineteenth Street and Sixth Avenue.

 

 

 

GOT A POST OFFICE ROBBER{STRAIGHT SCOTCH

 

MARTIN, WHO BROKE JAIL IN

ROCHESTER, CAUGHT HERE,

Implicated With Topeka Joe, Who Has Just
Broken Jalil in Richmond, Va., in the Rob-
bery of the Peninsula Bank at Wiiliams-
burg, Va.-—-WIill Go Back to Momree County.

Charles Martin, alias “Michigan Red,” one
of the most notorious bank and Post Office
robbers in the East, was arrested here at mid-
night on Friday by Post Office Inspectors Jacobs
and James and Pinkerton Detectives Dough-
erty and Rogers. The inspectors and detec
tives have been on his track for some time
but it was not until Friday evening that they
were successful in finding him. The Post
Office authorities want Martin for complicity
in the robbery of the Post Office at Nunda,
Monroe county, on Dec. 23, 1899. The Pinker-
ton men were in the employ of the Fidelity
and Casualty Company of this city which was

anxious to apprehend Martin for his part in
the robbery of a number of banks in Maryland
and Virginia whose safes and bank vaults
were insured or protected by the company. The
bank robbery for which Martin particu-
ery wanted and in connection with which
he has already been practically identified was
that of the Peninsula Bank at Williamsburg,
Va, on May 24 last

In the robbery of the Post Office at Nunda
last December Martin and a companion blew
open the safe with nitroglycerine, in the use
of which Martin is an expert, and carried away
$640. They were pursued by a posse and after
an exciting chase Martin was captured. He
was taken to the Monroe county jail in Roches-
ter, from which he escaped after a week. After
his escape from Rochester he went South and
engaged, it is pretty well assured, in safe-
blowing in Virginia and other Southern States

The robbery of the Williamsburg bank was
an especially bold undertaking. The bank
was entered by a band of armed men on the
night of May 24, 1000, and $5,500 cash was Re-
cured. The nitro-glycerine explosions awak-
ened persons living near the bank and when the
robbers finished their work and attempted to
escape they found the building surround
by armed men. They fought their way out,
however, and escaped from the town, but were
so clearly seen that the identity of several of
them was established beyond a doubt. One
of those identified was Martin and Pinkerton
detectives have been tracking him ever since
One of the other men implicated, Joseph Rapley,
alias a) Bees Joe,” was arrested by Pinkerton
men at Portland, Ore, on July 23 He was
extradicted and taken to Richmond, whe
while awaiting trial, he made a sensation.
eacape from jail on Sept. 3.

Martin has served terms in the jails at Plain-
fleld and New Brunswick, N J, and a two-an
a-half-year sentence at the Western Peniten-
tiary for robbery and early in 1899 he served
4 ai months’ sentence in the Onondaga County

Sheriff Ford of
Martin back to Rochester to-night
oner acknowledges that he is the man wanted
for the Nunda robbery, and says he wants
to plead guilty and begin serving ue term
as soon as possible The Virginia authorities
will lodge a warrant with the warden of the

rison to which he {s sentenced, 80 t after
Rnishing his term unless he escapes--he may
be taken to Willia be tried for par-

onroe county will take
The pris-

msburg

 

ticipation in the Peninsula burglary
He |s at present locked up in the Church street
station

OBITUARY.

Patrick H. O'Connor, President of the sanso-
ciation that beara that name. died suddenly
yesterday morning at his home, 87 Oliver street.
He was born in the Seoond Assembly district

 

in 1858, and when 17 vears old entered the ahip-
ping business. At the time of his death he
war a member of the firm of John Williams

& Co. O'Connor was prominent in the poll-
tles of the district, although he never held
office bimself. He supported Tammany Hal)

ercept one .ear, when his partner, the late
William H. Kilboy, got the Republican nomi-
nation fer Alderman, O'Connor is survived

by « wife, two sons and two daughters

Eliza Sloan Bennett, 75 years old. widow of
Benson Bennett, a wealthy Canadian lumber
merchant, died yesterday at her home In Quebec,
aftera long illness. Mrs. Bennett was a daughter
of the late William Sloan and a sister of Samue
and Mary Sloan of this city. For years she
was a member of St. Andrew's Presbytertan
Church at Quebec and she was prominent tn
the charities of the city. She leaves two sons
and two daughters, all residents of Quebec

Augustus Frederick Dohrman, a general
merchandise broker at 106 Wall street, died

esterday at his home in Ridgewood, N. J
je wasborninthisecity in 1843, and was educated
at the College of the City of New York. Upon

raduation he entered the business in which
fe was engaged till the time of his death. He
was a member of the Calvary Episconal Church
of Suramtt, N. J. A widow, two sons and two
daughters survive him
Oe

piIa>—™

For other Death Ni tices see Page Seven.
ALLEN.-On Friday, Sept. 14, 1900, at 126 Fast
60th ot, Grace Lawrenoe, wife of Dr. Charles
Warrenne Allen and daughter of the Hon. Alongro
Boardman of Boston.
Relatives and friends will meet at the house Mon-
day, Sept 17, 1900, at 3 P.M.

WHISKIES.
No Admixture - True Highland Malt
Bonnie Brier Bush | rh. pest Made
Souvenir in the
Imperial Glenlivet “'en!'vet Distret

66 9% the most famous
Talisker,” {*,., Whiskey, full
flavor; first invoice sold in five days. These

goods are far superior to blended or vatted
whiskies.

H. B. KIRK & CO., New York.
SUSAN B. ANTHONY ILL

 

She Ils Saffering From Almost Complete Ex-
haustion of Mind and Body.

ROCHESTER, Sept. 15.--Susan B. Anthony ts
ill at her home in Madison street, having suf-
fered a collapse last Monday evening. She
has been confined to her room ever since, The
members of her family, however, are not
alarmed over her condition, Col.D.R. Anthony
and his wife of Leavenworth, Kan., are at Miss
Anthony's house and are in constant attend-
ance upon her, as is also her sister, Miss Mary
Anthony, It is expected, or at least hoped,
that her wonderful recuperative powers will
be the means of restoring her to good health,
It is thought that the extraordinary efforta
put forth by her in completing that $50,000
University of Rochester coeducational fund
was the cause of her collapse, which came
after a number of women engaged in the move-
meut called upou her at her home last Monday
evening; in fact, she was obliged to retire cE
room before they left, Her condition to-night
seems somewhat improved and her physicians
think that with absolute rest and quiet nai
will do its work and she will recover, er
illness is simply almost complete exhaustion
of mind and body, 7

That this wonderful woman has held out as
long as she has under the great etrain of con-
stant activity in the cause of woman suffrage
for 80 many years has been a subject of ae
comment among her numerous friends
admirers, as she is now over 80 years of
Up to the time of the collapse last Monday
evening she was just as active in mind and
as ever. It is only a few weeks ago that
was seen downtown, and many who caw bor
moving about with the elasticity of step of a
woman half her age commented on her won
derful vitality. Her physician, M. Sherman
Ricker, said regarding Miss Anthony's con-

ition:

“Miss Anthony has !mproyed wonderfully
duri the past few days. The few 4 of
somplete rest have done wonders for y
Bhe is gaining rapdly and I do not anticipate
any serious complications At Miss “amen e
age @ nervous collapse {s always a
apprehension, buf she has rallied splendidty
and we hope will soon Le quite well.

Killed tn Cramp's Shipyard.

PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 15..- Frank Maurer,
ariveter who was working on the battleship Ala-
bama at Cramp’s shipyard. was instantl lad
he-dey a, a heavy bar 7 fron fafa gah.

® accident was caused by a derr
breaking. ee

Mayer's Answer te Ice Trust Charges.

So far as could be learned yesterday the
Mayor's answer to the charges brought against
him before the Governor for his connectt
wth the Ice I'rust has not yet been filed. His
extension of ime to answer expired yesterday.

~ TRAINED NURSE.

Remarks About Nourishing Food,

“A physician's wife, Mrs. Dr. Landon, gave
mea packet of Grape-Nuts about a vear ago,
with the remark that she was sure I would find
the food very beneficial, both for my own use
and for my patients, I was particularly at-
tracted to the food, as at that time the weather

was very hotand | appreciated the fact that
the Grape-Nu @ required no cooking.

“Lhe food was deliciou ly crisp and moet
inviting to the appetite After making use of
i: twice a day for three or our weeks, I disoor-
ered that it was amost wonderful invigorator.
| used to suffer greatly from exhaustion, head-
aches and depression of apirits My work had
been very trying at times and indigestion had
setin

“Now Lam always well and ready for any
amount of work, have an abundance of active
energy and cheerfulness and ) ental poise. |
have proved tomy entire satiaiaction That this
cha ge has been brought about by Grape-Nute
ood,

“The fact that tt |s predigested is a very de-
sirable feature. | have had many remar' le
resuite in 1eeding Grape-Nuts to my p. ta,
and | cannot speak too high! of thef ¥
riends Coneteetty, (pmo on the yf

ohange
my aprearance. ave gained nine de

sinoe einnin the use of
Miller, Trained Medical and Maree, 66

Jefl St., Bay City, Mich Ade,

|