On ee iat Atma ct: OE e a ea

ne Se ae eet

a aia i

 

  

SOME NEW BOOKS.

Ancient Babylonian Law.
It may seem at first sight that no subject

'
could be more exclusively academic and less

capable of practical applications than the etudy
of the legal systern which obtained in anclent
Babylonia, That such, however, Is not the
case is demonstrated in a volume entitled
Hiatorical Jurisprudence by Guy CARLETON
Lee (Maocmillans), The purpose of this book,
which ts an Introduction to the systernat le
investigation of the development of law, is to
fndicate the extent to which the legislation
of the modern nations of Europe and America
are indebted on the one hand to the Germanio
common law und on the other hand to vari-
ous ancient legal systems which culminated
in the law of Rome, In the earliest of those
elder systerns many of the fundamental legal
conceptions of modern times are clearly dis-
cernible, and they attain, even in the most
ancient days, to something very near their
modern fulness and accuracy. For example,
the right of a mortgagor to redeem his property,
the need of witnesses to prove the transfer
of property, the payment of interest on loans,
predial sorvitudes these and hundreds of
ether legal conceptions may be found de-
fined {1 the customary law of Babylonia, They
were handed on through the Phosnicians to
Greece and Rome, and thence they passed
into modern jurisprudence by means of that
great bridge which stretches between the
ancient and modern world, the Roman law
This assertion may to many persons feem
a paradox, and for that reason we would now
direct attention to that portion of Mr. Lee's
book wherein the proof of it fs set forth tn
detail. We note in passing that the evidence
en which the author relies will undoubtedly
be largely supplemented when the library
recently unearthed on the site of Nippurshall
have been deciphered,

1,

The empire of Babylonia was not merely
one of conquest, The supreme work of the
Babylonians was the production of a systern
of law. an organized, intelligible echeme of
rights and duties enforced by the State. Such
a system was necessary to the extended com-
mercial activity of the country, and produced
by that activity. By the very processes that
called it into being, the system gtadually be-
came a part of the world’s life. The far-reach-
ing and complicated transactions of the Baby-
lonian merchants needed an elaborate body
of law, and the same Influences that brought
into existence the mass of unwritten customs
whioh {n modern times have passed Into statute |
laws brought into existence in former ages
the commercial or merchant law {n @ form
hardly leas elaborate. Wherever the Babr-
Jonian merchant went he carried with him the
law by which his bnsiness in ite extent and
fulness was made possible. He thereby be-
came the pioneer of a higher civilization, which,
through the medium of Phanictan traders was
transmitted to the Mediterranean world.

The Babylonian, who, when history finds |
him {n contact with the Ray ptian, was a Semite, |

 

 

was not himself the originator of the law which
he developed. He was the heir of a yet older
cavilization. When he reached the seat of
his future empire, he found it already oocu-
pled by a people of a very different race and type.
The so-called Sumerian and Akkadian races,
which first, so far as we yet know, occupied
the fertile lands between and bordering
the Fuphrates and the Tleris, had, before the
Rabylonian’s arrival, developed a very advanced
civilization stretching far back into the past.
The Babylonian proved able not only to as-
similate but to develop the culture which his
predecessors had evolved. He thus became
the heir not only of the law but of the condl-
tions which had given birth to the law. The
complex Babylonian civilization whieh pro-
duced @ commercial law more advanced than
that of any other ancient system--at all events,
far more advanced than the commercial law
of Egypt, the only nation of antiquity which,
so far as we know, could be compared with
Babylon--was in no smal! degree the out-
come of the natural features of the country
and of {ta relations to the other countries of
the world. At home the Babylonian was pos-
sessed of a soll unsurpassed in fertility and tn
susceptibility to cultivation equalled only by the
valley of the Nile. Abroad, he was in easy
communication, both by land and sea, with
India. The great river bore his vessels to the
Persian Guif, and the seaport towns which
sprang up testified to the profits dertved by
him from commeroe. As it happens, the
navigation of the Persian Gulf {s compara-
tively easy, while, from the Straits of Ormusz
to India, the distance fs far shorter than from
the Straits of Bab-el-Mandeb, through which
had to pass the vessels from Palestine and
Egypt after completing the dangerous voyage
through the Red Sea. Again, Babylon lay in
close land communication with the regions
of the West; with Phenicta, and through Phe-
nicola with all the Mediterranean countries,
Caravans parsed without difleulty from the
upper ,Fuphrates to the Mediterranean coast
Thus the wealth of the Fast had to traverse
Babylonia in its westward course
Babylonian civilization, and everything which
this implies, was founded pon the great civ-
fiizing factors, agriculture and commerce. The
former bound a man to one spot, namely, the
aoil which he cultivated, to which his labor
gave increased valine Henoe the sedentary
Bemite required a different kind of law from
that whioh his nomad brethren of the desert
found sufficient. Thesenseofarightin the soil
called for a legaisysterm whereby land which the
tiller had made profitable might be secured to
him bv ‘some fixed tenure and might be passed
on to his children, or disposed of for an equiva-
lent. The distinction between immovable and
movable property, or between real and per-
sonal estate, was thusevolved. The application
of common principles which might cover both
claseas of property was a discovery of the high-
est importance. For the right of ownership
in land is a sort of intangible right; {t passes far
beyond the original conception which defines
right as the power to retain possession, The
demands of trade were equally stimulating to
the development of a highly complicated scheme
of commercial law. These operated in direo-
tions which Indicate a very Keen appreciation
af the principles which underlie modern sys
tems. In the simple intercourse of the agri-
culturist, barter was sufficient for all ordinary
transactions and neighboriy comity sufficed
for the adiustment of loans and debts of a sim-
ple kind. In commerce, on the other hand,
especially in the large transactions involved in
trade with foreign countries, the loan became
a matter of {mportance. Neighborly comity
would not suffiee for the adjustment of the risks
and profits arising from such conditions, In the
conduct of his business the Babylonian mer-
ohant must have been frequently compelled to
raise money on securities. The fluctuations of
the market required him often to purchase at
seasons when he was il! prepared to make im-
mediate payment, hence a system of credits
was devised. In this and many other potnta
the legal system which arose in Babylonia was
manifestly the immediate outcome of conditions
which arise in every country that ts at once ag-
ricultural and commercial. The results closely
resembled the legal methods which to-day are
recagnized ainong merchants and enforced in
ell civilized lands.

[t is due to a fortunate combination of ofr-
@umstances that the legal code of Babylon
has been partially preserved. Up tothe present
time, indeed, few of the written laws them-
selves have bean discovered or interpreted,
and these few are so mutilated a to be almost
unintelligible. A large number of legal dow
uments, however, have beeu found, thanks
to the Babylonian oustom of inscribing with
®@& sharp instrument cuneiform characters on
olay tableta from these the law has been toa
considerable extent reconstructed Trans
@ctions were recorded upon tableta of moist
clay. Witnesses, who played a very important
part in the transactions of antiquity, were able
to affix their seals if they could not write
Those who did not possess a seal, could “make
their mark” by indenting the clay with a finger
mall. The tablet was then baked, and remained
@me of the most convenient and permanent

        

 

 

 

Hee z

 

ey , —

= F 4 m
VATIA 2

THE SUN, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16,

 

records ever devised, The only record which | ness transactions became less frequent, oo- | is, therefore, an element of risk whioh in an-
curring only in instruments connected with | cient times was much greater than in modern:

| was more enduring was made by means of
| engraving in hard rock, the lines being filled
| with lead. A very large number of these cou-
tract tableta have been discovered, There
are also extant the accounta of some important
firms or families of business men, These
accounts extend far into the past and afford
valuable clues to the private law of the Baby-
lonians, It is well known that the cfvillzation
of Assyria was derived from Babylonia, There
is nothing surprising, therefore, in the fact
that @ very important source of our knowledge
of the private law of Babylon is the collection
made by King Asurbanipal of ancient laws
and translationa thereof, These ancient laws
are all in one language, showing little trace of
the Sumerian. They seem to have been copied
with great acouracy, and belong to the same
period as many of the private contracts which
have been elsewhere preserved. A third and
valuable source of information as to the legal
system of the Babylonians is to be found in the
bi-lingual syllabaries, or dictionaries, of com-
mercial and legal plirases in common use at
the time when these lexicons were compiled.
The different rates of interest are mentioned,
as well as the various forms of pledges, the
conditions under which loans were made and
pledges returned, the varieties of leases, the
method of measuring land, the fehts of abut-
ters, the conditions attending easements, the
righta of tenants toimprovemente on real estate,
the duty of repairing mortgaged houses, the
forms of attestation, im short an extensive
enumeration and explanation of commerctal
and legal terms. These terms are given in the
more modern Babylonian language, aa well
asin Sumerian, the ancient technical language
which played much the same part in Babylonia
that law French once played in England, By
these legal syllabaries the scribe as well as
the business man was enabled to employ the
necessary technical language which had ceased
to be a part of the living tongue, and thus was
retained the precision of expression which Is
essential to business transactions,

i,

The exercise of fudictal functions, at least
in matters of commercial law, seema to have
been inthe hands of the hlerarohy. Theoustom
which obtained in Babylonia of providing
documentary evidence in almost all transac-
tions -a custom which was sigually in con-
trast with the contemporary usage in Rgeypt
and the frequency of the occasions on which
written contracts were employed, made the
notarial and judicial powers of the priesthood
very extensive, The part taken in business
transactions by the hierarchy was appropriate
for another reason, namely, that their interpost-
tion would naturally be presumed to render vaths
more binding. The contracting parties were
obliged in their contracta to ewear by the princt-
pal god of the country, as woll as by the reign
ing prince, that they would abide by the terms
of the contract, that they were entirely agreed
as to lta provisions and that they would not
try to set them it aside. To this contract the
parties affixed thetr seals, a number of wit-
nesses subscribed and the whole was dated, The
official before whom the matter was arranged |
was aways one of the witnesses. The custom
of making contract records {a duplicate seems
mot to have prevailed as largely as it does in
modern times, but that mode of executing
contracta was employed in many t[nstancea,
and possibly future discovertes will reveal
a wider diffusion ofit§ Inthe Babylonian two-
fold contract one copy enclosed or covered the
other. Thus the outer contract preserved
the inner from any falaifiostion, as wellas from
destruction by time or accidents, It has been
contended that from this Babylonian practice
the Romana derived thetr custom of duplicating |
legal instruments

|

 

lt is certain that in the
Roman system the practice Just described was
adopted in the case of wills. The contents
were repeated on the outside, The document
was then tled and witnesses sealed the cord
which bound it. For all ordinary purposes
the external statement sufficed; but If suspicion
of any falsification arose the inner copy would
be at hand for comparison, and this was ao-
cepted as the authentlo document,

It is probable that the formal tnstrument
recording mutual contractual obligations was
not the first kind of transaction in which the
tablet record was used. The demand for such
evidence would not be eo preasing in the case
of contracts as in the transfer of real property.
In such @ transfer there was & necessity for
some evidence that the land had been pur-
chased from its former owner. With movable
goods the case was different. The mere pos-
session of them was prima facte evidence that
they had been legally acquired. To attest
ownership of land, on the other hand, especially
where the land was not near the residence
of the owner, needed some proof of title In the
form of a deed. From this necessity arose
an elaborate form of conveyance. Frequently
the deed would describe the land with mit-
nuteness and it was drawn after established
formulartes, and solemnly attested. In the
deed of a garden and a house, reproduced tn
the book before us, the extent of the garden
jg not given, but the bounds are described.
The property conveyed was apparentiy in the
nature of a house-lot, on which stood the house,
doubtless the chief matter in consideration.
If the transfer had been of unimproved land,
the extent of the property would be carefully
stated, as another deed cited by Mr. Lee shows.
From the conveyance of a piece of land whioh
is sold for a definite sum to an !netrument
recording the exchange of one piece of land
for another is but a step. An example of the
jatter form of deed is given in the present volume,

In Babylonia, however, a sale did not neces-
sarily convey what might be called a permanent
title, The seller could at any future time
demand the restitution of the property on
payment of the original sum with a customary
or stipulated fine. This demand for recon-
verance might be enforced even after the whole
amount of the purchase money had been pald
and the property had passed into the possession
of the purchaser. Indeed, the right to reclaim
could be exercised even after the property
had passed into the hands of a third party.
The right, moreover, of reclaiming property
that had been sold did not lapse with the death
of the vendor but remained as a part of his
estate. In case the heir exeroised the right
the cost of redemption seems to have been
augmented by an extra fine. No act of the
original vendor could bar the right of the heir
to redeem. The truth ts that property was
not, at least in the earliest times, considered
the private property of the vendor. It be
longed to the family and was administered
by the head of the family, but he had no right
permanently to dispose of it. In the course
of time, when the sense of common ownership
had become weak, the tndividual controlling
the property came to regard it as his own
and sold it without secruple. But this action
on his part could not bar the right of the family
to redeem after his death. Their right had
not been disposed of. It is obvious that the
price of an article sold would be materially
aflected by the right of the vendor and the
vendor's heirs to regain his property at any
time. There would be great risks in making
improvements to property purchased. Busi-
ness transactions would have been impossible
in many cases. Accordingly, in the course
of time, this clause was often inserted In con-
tracts: “The deruand fora return of (he property
will not be made. The contract will not be
altered and no claim will be raised by either
party against the other.” The parties to the
sule were able in this way to put themselves
beyond the operation of the law. So far as
the vendor was concerned, the right of reola-
mation was abandoned. Moreover a member
of the vendor's family, possibly all those who
had any right of inheritance, might appear at
the sale and sign the contract renouncing the

right to redeem. So ancient was the custom
of abandoning the right of reclamation that
the formula of renunciation is found on the
so-called Sargon stone -

In adaition to the renunciation of this right
there was in most, {f not all, deeds, at least
in early times, a clause containing many im-
precations upon him who should in any way
aiter or make vold the contract. As time went
en this union of religious formule with busi-

 

domestic affairs, such as marriage contracts.
The conception of a contract as deriving ita
binding force from the power of the gods to
| avenge breaches of faith became unnecessary
when business honor and the requirements
of commercial life produced the same result.

to induce the lender to place his money at such
hazards, the interest offered had to be rela-
tively high. The ground of assurance that the
marine loan was well known in Babylonia is
the presence of formule which could have
been used only in such transactions, and, In

Closely connected with certain features of | fact, refer directly to them. ‘These formule
sale, as thia was conceived by the Babylonians, | are found in the syllabary. They were, ap-

was their idea of mortgage. In tts usual form

parently, In general use, and contained both

the mortgage was a species of sale in which the | Sumer™Akikadian and Babylonian terms, thus

| idea of the title remaining in the vendor was
more clearly emphasized. Herein also was
present the conception of the land aa being
the inalienable property of the family, although
the use of tho land as distinct from ownership
was subject to disposition at the hands of the
head of the family. Mr. Lee finds that no part
of Babylonian law {s older than that of the
antichretio mortgage. The transaction might
be regarded an atwofold loan in which the use
of the land was set against the use of the money,
and the rent of the Jand was regarded as the
equivalent of the interest on the money That
antichresis was not tho invention of the Se-
mitle Babylonians {4 evident from the fact that
constant reference to it ia made in the Sumertan-
Babylonian vooabularies, which were commonly
used by the scribes and others in preparing
the contract tableta, From Babylon the antt-
chretic form of mortgage seems to have passed
into Ferypt; it certainly spread to Phienicta
and Greece end to the weat coast of [ndia,
The Chinese have developed or Inherited from
Akkadian ancestors a very etimilar form of
transaction, and among them mortgagee are
ati!l made upon the «ame plan. Our author
points out that eeveral legal conceptions are |
involved in the antichretic mortaage. Note-
worthy is the clearness of the recognition
that {nterest ia to he paid for money lent.
The propriety of such payment was by no

indicating that the practice of making sea |

loans was of very early date

The Babylonian law developed to the full-
est extent the idea of a contract. Not only
deeds, mortgages, sales, loans and banking
transactions but the hiring of servants, rent
and leases, partnerships, wills and domestio
relations, including adoption, were reduced
to the form of contract, and executed with the
saine fortnalities, that is to say, with a signa-
ture in the presence of witnesses and of A no-
tary. The relation of master and servant was
regulated by a well-developed Inw, for, a+
there were comparatively few slaves, men had

| to be hfred efther from day to day or for a

definite time. Contract tablets, of which an
example {ts here givan, mention the period
of service, and also the amount of wages. A

| certain portion of the wages was generally ad-
| vanced as earnest money

In many tablets
which have been preserved, the servant whose
labor was hired for six months or a year had
already contracted with a third party, and he
was merely transferred to a new master. Such
4 transfer was but a part of the goneral Naby-
lonfan syetern under which every credit or
right could be passed from one person to an-
other by means of contract. The law was
very strict as to the fulfilment of contracta
between master and servant. The dates for
the beginning and termination of relations

 

means obvious to the ancitenta, The Cretans,
for instance, regarded the taking of Interest
asrobbery. Land would, inthe course of nature,
produce fruit, {ts crops were evidence of ite value
as a possession. Money, on the other hand,
waa sterilo by nature, not of iteelf productive.
Thia argument was used {n support of the
medi@val idea that to take Interest for moncy
was wrong. When money, however, came to be
viewed as a medium of exchange, representing
{n itealf things capable of producing or render-
ing service, such as lands, cattle, slaves or
vestals, it would then be easy to concelys of
interest as allied to rant. This conception of
money {9 clearly brought out {n the mortgage |
contract tablets of the Babylonians, one of |
which {4 cited in the book before us, It !s
manifest that only in a comraunity wherein
there was a large and tmportant commercial
class would a conception of interest as allied to |
rent arise. The agriculturist does not ordina-
rily ao regard Interest, But the !dea would be
evolved spontaneously fn a community where
the exchange of commodities was carried on
upon a large scale, where many persons were |
engaged intrade, and found !t possible to pledge |
thelr ancestra! estates without loss of title,
and where, finally, men were ready to advance
money on land and then to find cultivators
willing to take the land off their hands for a term
of years. It fs to be observed that the anti- |
chretic mortgage, that {s to say, a mortgage |
where the murtwagee acquires the use of the |
mortgaged premises, was possible only where |
the returns for agriculture were very remunera- |
|
|

tive, and where there were many pera na will-
Ing to undertake the oultivation of the soll.
The amount borrowed was very often the full |
value of the land, |

There were many casea, on the other hand,
in which the value of the rent and the |
amount of the Interest were not equal. In,
such cases, the deficit, on whichever side it
might fall, was paid either by way of
interest or by way of rent. Another varia- |
tion occurred when the value of the crop was
guaranteed. In this case tf the value of the
crop fell below the amount due aa Interest,
the borrower was obliged to make good the
deficit; but, when {t was in excess of the in-
terest, the lender retained the surplus. The
antichretio mortgage was capable of yet fur- |
ther development. It was employed in cases
of future use and poaseasion, the object mean-
while remaining {n the custody of the mort-
gagor. In the Babylonian law, the advantage |
of the antiohretic mortgage lay {n the fact |
that, on the failure of the mortgagor to pay |
the amount borrowed, the object pledged,
generally house and land, usually, became
the property of the mortgagee. No deed |
was needed to give title. The contract tablet,
which furnished evidence of the antichresis,
was a4 aiifiicient deed. The ease with which
money might be raised in this manner rendered
the transaction very popular, and led to con-
siderable elaboration of the principle. Among
the Babylonians the ordinary land mortgage
or chattel mortgage also played an important
part. Here the general principle was that
the object pledged remained in the posses-
alon of the person who contracted the loan,
but could not be used as security for a second
loan until the first creditor had been paid tn
full. No other creditor could attach it. Tt |
was not necessary, however, that the property
pledged should be In the possession of the
mortgagor; a contract for future delivery
seems to have been sufficient security for a
loan, This !s an example of the extent to
whioh the negotiable character of commer-
cial securities was carried.

The existence of a well-developed banking
system in Babylonia seems thoroughly attested.

There are several) tablets of early date which re —
fer to banking transactions in which the banker
receives sums of money asa custodian. Oneof
these is cited in this book. The parties named
as receiving the deposit are known from other |
tablets to have received many such deposita
and to have been large money-lenders. It ts |
noteworthy that there fs no mention of interest

}

to be paid. It is eimply a oase of the deposit of
money for which a receipt had been given, and
the depositor now receives back his money and
gives a receipt for it. A payment to a third
party was often made by a draft upon a banker,
whereby the latter was instructed to pay the
amount of the draft from money deposited to
the credit of the drawer. This was the be-
ginning of the cheque system, and dates back to
the earliest period of Babylonian history. It
was an outcome of an effort to enlarge the cir
culating medium, whereby every kind of com-
mercial paper, as well as mortgages, passed
current almost as freely as a banknote passes
to-day. Apart from the negotiation of mort-
gages and other large transactions in money,
the demand for capital would naturally come
from farmers, especially in the time of harvest,
when cash would be needed to pay the extra
laborers hired. The agriculturist would give
promissory notes, the date fixed for the return
of the money being the end of the harvest,
Of these Mr. Lee adduces examples. That
loans on promissory notes were common is
shown by the large number of tablets referring
to them. In many cases loans were made by
priests, or even priestesses, and {t has been con-
Jectured that nearly the whole business of bank-
ing was in the hands of the priesthood. Our
author deems this probable enough, because
the large endowments and ample revenues of
the temples would make their solvency a matter
concerning which there could be no doubt. |
Moreover, the temple, because of ita sanctity,
would be a desirable repository for treasures,
Although, however, the hierarchy played a very
conspicuous part in the banking business of
Babylon, the private banker was by no means
unknown. The usual rate of interest for money
seems to have been 20 per cent. per year, though
when the loan was made in grain, the interest
rose as high as 88 1-3 per cent.for the same
length of time, or even for shorter periods,

In the matter of bottomry and marine loans
the Babylonians appear to have attained much
the same position as was reached by the Ro-
mans, and Mr. Lae is inclined to think that the
principles in the Roman law of botomry were
derived indirectly from Babylon. The marine
loan obviously differs from the ordinary money |
loan not so much in the rate of {nterest as in |
the nature of the security. Ln the marine loan
the security is the ship; ifshe be lost, the security

 

 

were precisely fixed. If tho servant did not
appear, he could be arrested and brought to
his master. On the other hand, the master
was obliged to care for him,providing sufficient

food, shelter and clothing, and he waa Iabie |

for any accident that ralght befall the servant
in the course of his labor. This species of
voluntary and temporary serfdom was very
common in Old Babylonia. It was retained

to sorne extent in New Rabylonia, but, owing

probably to the greater number of actual slaves,

it tended to disappear

Of the contract for rent there ware various
forms) Houses were generally rented for one
year, though, ocoasionally the lease ran for a
longer period An etght-year leaso has been
found. The exact date when possession be-
wins and terminates are stated. A certain
portion of the rent for the terra was generally
pald in advance. The remainder was patd
during oceupancy. Aocording to some con-
tricta, tw tonant was responsibie for re-
pairs. The condition ts not infrequently tn-
serted that the tenant “shal! repair the beams
and the walls.” He could make only trifting
alterations in the property.
rented the conditions were more complicated
There was a species of ground rent, by which
the tenant built at his own cost a })ouse on land
belonging to another. Ha thereby acquired
& right to the house for a term of years, at the
expiration of which the house fell to the owner
of the site
usually rented for a termn of years, often for
three years, and it vas understood, even {f not

erpressly stipulated, that the tenant should ,

cultivate the soil in the customary manner,
protect it from weeds, keep the irrigating
machinery tn good order and water the flelds
If the tenant desired to live on the land and
there was no dwelling, he would have to build
one at his own expense. The rent waa paid
either in a fixed sum, often computed tn prod-
uce or in a definite proportion of the harvest,
frequently as much as two-thirds.

In a lease which Mr. Lee reproduces we find
three peasants hiring a field ip common
this arrangement, whereby poor men might,
by combination, seoure the advantages of a
rich man (he could have the farm tilled by
slaves) to a formal business partnership tlere
was but a step. The same causes that led to
the formation of @ company of peasants would
bring merchants together. In Old Babylonia
there was @ soaroity of movable capital and
currency. Capital seems to have been tiled up
in land; partnership would in many instances
be a necessity, especially in the case of mercan-
tile ventures beyond seas. Examples of arti-
oles of partnership have not been found, but
there are numerous records of the dissolution
of partnerships and of the decisions of courts
touohing the division of partnership property.
It seems to have been customary for partners
in business to contribute equal amounts to the
firm’s capital, and to share accordingly in the
profits, although there are a few cases {pn which
the amounts contributed vary,

7—_—___

tv.

The matrimontal law of the earry Babylon-
fans bears witness to a great antiquity. Baby-
lonian marriage retained the custom of pur-
chase; the bridegroom paid to the father of
the bride a sum or money agreed upon by the
parties, This sum was regarded as the pur-
chase money of 4 woman, and not as an endow-
ment of the bride. The daughter, as was
the case with the son, stood In Old Babylonia
as in Rome, under the patria potestas, and was
sold to the bridegroom in the Same way that a
son might be sold. In spite of the barbarism
of this conception, the position of the young
wife was not that of a slave She went to her
husband with a considerable dowry provided
by her father and retained possession of it.
Often the contracts of marriage made pro
vision for a separation by divorce, and for
the amount of quit-money to be paid to the di-

vorced woman. Such is the case in a contract |

cited In the book before us. In another oon-
tract, the husband binds himself to provide
for a wife who Is the sister of his first wife still
living. It ts a case of polygamy which, though
unusual, -was entirely lawful The relations
of the two wives are carefully regulated, as
also those in which they are to stand to their
common husband in the matter of divorce,
In the case of the man, as generally in Semitio
law, the opportunity for divorce was theo
retically unlimited A practica) limit, how-
ever, was set by the law that the husband had
to provide his wife with liberal quit-money,
usually fully as much as had been paid to the
wife's father on the marriage. When a@ di-
vores had been performed the woman wae as
liberty to marry another; as to the possibility
of a dissolution of the marriage bond on the
part of the wife there is no little uncertainty,
owing to the difficulty of translating passages
seeming to denounce the severest penalties
upon the wife who uses the formula, “Thou
art not my husband.” According to some in-
terpretations, the wife was to be strangled or
drowned. During the marriage the position
of the wife was that of subjection to her hus
band. In matters of property, however, she
was independent, and oould transact business
independently, so far as her own property was
concerned. In the later laws she appears as
security for her husband, and even as his cred-
itor. Indeed, there seems to have been no limit
to the olvil capacity of the married woman
in New Babylonia. In relation to her children
her position was one of dignity and authority,
and a son disobedient to his mother was pun-
ished with great severity.

In adoption, which was by no means
Tare, the person adopted ceased to belong
tohis natural family and became a member
of the new family. He was, therefore,
required to renounoe his natural father;
and his natural father renounced him on
recetving a sum of money for the loss of
his services. The {mutual renunolation
having been effected, the son was no longer
an heir to the property of bis natural father

On the other hand, he became bound to

his adopted father by the same law as if |

he were a natural son, and became entitled
to the same privileges. The
object of adoption was the necessity of
increasing the household The services
of a fon belonged to the father; he could
be hired out and his wages would be paid
to the father
adopted when quite young; as they grew

ia lost, and the loan has mot been paid. There | elder, they iwere taushtde tradegn. The ad-

Where land was |

Land intended for cultivation was |

From |

economic |

Children were =|

= 4

YACVTa Vite SH

1900.

  

 

 

vantage accruing to the natural parent of
the child adopted was an lnmediate cash
payment The advantage of the child
adopted was the share which would come to
him in the estate of those who adopted him
Emancipation by a father or widowed
| mother unaccompanied by adoption into
| another family was a striking feature of
the Babylonian law. Jt was @ necessary
| accompaniment of the custom of advancing
toason his portion of thej paternal Inherl-
tance A son who was established In
business might desire to receive from his
Parent a portion of the ancestral estate in
order to increase his availabie oapital
The other children might consent to this
if it was olearly understood that it was an
advance and not a gift, and that the son
thus favored was cut off from sharing in
the family tate on the parent's decease.
| Accordingly when @ #on received his por-
tion, he was emancipated. The solemn
formul@, “Thou art not my son,”
art not my father," were employed, and the
aon was no longer regarded as a son in-
heriting with the others Under an ancient
law, severe penalties were attached to the
pronounciation of these formule, but,
by the time of Hammarabi

 

fo far as the right of emancipation was
concerned

Wills or doouments disposing of property after

lonfans. The earliest known will was that
of Sennachertb, and, when translated, forms
a document of not more than ten lines. That
a man should have control of his property
efter bis death was a notion antagonistio to
the conception of possession which underlay
ancient Babylonian law, and especially the con-
ception of real property, According to this con-
ception, the property belonged to the family
As has been shown, a son might receive his
share in advance, but, unless that took place
the property might be administered by the
widow of the deceased, who managed it for her
children. On the widow's death, the property
was divided among the children equally, except
that a sil«ht preference was given to the firat-
born. Bhould a man wish to make any other

 

   

“Thou |

will, These Deputies, who included among their
number the members of the Right, the Demo-
crats, the Socialists and some Radicals, pro-
posed to confer on 60,000 electors the right of
presenting a fully drafted bill which should be
submitted to the people in its original form
and should be inserted aa it stood In the Con-
stitution were {t adopted. Against this pro-
posal it was urged that “it would be most dan-
gerous to allow a bill framed by an anonymous
committee to become part of the Constitution
without giving any opportunity for modifica-
thon. The least important of laws are not made
by the Federal Assembly without great deal
of Work, carefy) study and public discussion on
both aides. The initiative by formulated bill
allows a sinall group of persons to enc roach
on the right of the Federal Assembly, & con-
summation which ought to be prevented.’
Asa matter of fact, the Initiative by a fully
drafted bill, the “formulated initiative,” as it
was termed, which had already for some time
past obtained a sympathetic reception in the

| Counc! of State, or Swiss Senate, was adopted

| in the National Council, or Swiss

(about 2800 |
B.C) the penalties had become dead letters, |

one’s death were not kuown to the Old Baby- |

House of
Representatives, on the 8th of April, 1801, by
71 votes to 68. The Federal decree on the 8th
of April, 1891, modifying the Constitution and
enlarging the sphere of the popular initiative
to include partial revisions as well as total,
was adopted on July 6 in the same year by the
people and by the cantons. The result was
that 181,882 ayes and 120,872 noes were recorded.
In four cantons only was there a malority
against the amendment, namely, in the two
half-cantons of Rural Basle and Outer-Appen-
zeil and {n the cantons of Aargau, Thurgau
and Vand.

In the light of the constitutional amend-
ment passed in 1801 let us tnapect the methods

| by which a revision of the Bwiss Federal Con-

|

iistribution of his property than that provided |

for by the customary law of euccesaion, he made
it during his lifetime by a deed of his property
to the person whom he wished to benefit. The
deed of property might be either an absolute
gift wherehy possession and enjoyment were
then and there conveyed, or, as was not Infre-
quently the case, a mere transfer of title, coupled
with certain conditions, euch as a life annulty,

| Counell or Cabinet

to be paid the perton conveying the property |

! or a retention of the usufruct for life by the
grantor In this way all the {mportant resulta
of a testament were obtained, and the law, in
spite of the primit've notions on which it was
founded, was made to conform to the demands
of a more advanced civilization

The legal tdeas eet forth by Mr. Lae seem
to have heen {n no respect pecullar to the city
of Babvlon, They were the common property
of all the dwellers in Mesopotamia. The legal
conceptions that underlay the customary
law of Assyria were, so far as they have been
ascertained, tcdentical with those known to
have been tn foroe In the southern kingdom.

similar, and, in each case, the whole legal sys-
tam did not consist of etatute law, or law en-
acted by authority, but was the «low an! spon-

| taneous ontcome of social coniitions. The

atitution may be brought about, We begin
with total revision, This can be effected In
three ways. First, the revision can be under-
taken by the Federal Assembly and carried
out by the agreement of the two councils (Coun-
cil of States and National Council), as !n the
case of an ordloary Federal law. The pro-
posal for a total revision may be brought before
the Assembly, either by the initiative of mem-
bers or by a message from the government of a
canton, or by a meseage from the Federal
The two Chambers de-
bate separately, and the bill passes from one
to the other until an agreement !s arrived at.
It is only when the two houses have come to an
agreement on the subject of a new Constitution
that the procedure begins to differ from that
adopted tn the case of an ordinary Federal
law. The Constitution, as drawn up by the
Chambers, must, first, be always submitted
to the popular vote, and, secondly, cannot
come into force unless it is adopted both by

| a majority of the people and by @ majority of

The ctyilizations of these two kingiomsa were

law of Babvlon did not come to an end with |

the fall of the New Babylonian Empire. [n-
numerable tablets of a later date than the
conquest of Babylon by the Persfane have
been preservel. The conquercrs were in
matters of law tnferior to the conquered, not
having been sublected to the same complex
conditions. Consequently, they adopted the
Babvionian legal system to a large extent,
and espectally with regard to thone flelds of
activity in which the genfus of the Babvlo-
nians had achieved the greatest reaults. The
extensive conquesta of the Persian Empire
diffused a knowledge of Babylonian com-
mercial furisprucence throughout a vast tract

of country. That which had at one time heen |

the exclusive possession of one highly favored
elty became the property of the whole known
world, although much had already been done
by the Phernictens to epread the law of Raby-
lon among Mediterranean lanis. The Phe-
niclans who adopted the Babylonian com-
meretal law had a colony, {t should be remem-
bered, at Mamphia in very early times, and
also colonies tn Cyprus, Rhodes and Crete |
and on the coasts of Greeoa, [taly, Sicily, Africa
and evenSpain. The commerctal law which they
carried to Cadiz, had been evolved ages before
on the shores of the Persian Guif. M. W. H.

 

The Referendum in Switsertand.

Tnaemuch as the expediency of adopting the
referendum both tn the appellate and tn the
initiative form is urged by a strong party in
Belgium, and finds not a few advocates in
England also, a detalled description of the
institution as {t exists and works in the Swins
Confederation and in the oantons, or com-
ponent parts thereof, is a timely and useful
contribution to current political discnsaion.
We are indebted to Mr. C, P. Taevsiran for an
Fnglish translation of the most exhaustive
| work upon the subjeot, The Referendum in

Switrerland, by S81MoN DePLoton (Lonamansa,
Green & Co.). The author of this book re-
counts the historicalorigin of the referendum, |
explains {ts mechanism and sets forth tts re-
sults, We purpose here to show what the
Awies referendum ts as regards its application
both to Federal and to cantonal matters, and
then to {ndicate the conclustons at which the
author arrives with re’erenoe to {ta results,
| The Constitution of Switzerland, which was

| established In 1848, aave the people the right
of demanding a revision of the Federal organic
law. In the discussions whioh took place in
the Diet, it was understood that this right would
include partial as well as total revision. Sub-
sequent demands, however, for a partial re-
vision were laid aside by the Federal authorities,
who, basing their decisions on the letter of the
Constitution, declared that demands for re-
vision should only take @ general and inde
terminate form. Thus when in 1880 more than
66,000 electors demanded that Artiole 89 of the
Federal Constitution should be replaced by a
new article, the electors had to resign them
selves to seeing their demand for a partial re-
vision taken as a demand for a general revision
an4 «uibmitted to the people inthis form. The
reasons @tver for taking this step were severely
oriticized at the time, and {t ts clearly, {logical
| that, if the people could demand a revision of
| the whole Federal organio law, they should be
'

constitutionally incapable of demanding the
revision of a part thereof without imperilling
the whole Constitution fn order to insert a
single clause,

With a view of freeing the people from this
| troublesome restriction, some of the Deputies
| of the Right demanded that the power of the

people to claim the revision of specified articles
of the Constitution should be formally recog-
nized. The Federal Council, or Cabinet,
was ordered to consider and report on the pro-
| posals and declared itself favorable to the amend-
ment. The debates on the proposal commenced
in the Federal Assembly or Swiss Congress
in September, 1800, and were brought to a close
in April, 1891. All the Interest of the debates
centred around the form in which the popular
initiative should be exercised. The Federal
Council presented the following scheme: “The
repeal or modification of particular articles of
the Federal Constitution as well as the inser-
tion of new constitutional clauses may be de-
manded through the medium of popular initia-
| tive. Assoon as 50,000 Swiss citizens having the
| right to vote shall present a demand of this kind
| the question whether such a revision ehali
| take place shal! be put to the electors and the
answer shall depend upon the majority of the
| citizens taking part in the vote. Should the |
answer be in the afinnative the Federal Am |
eembly shall proceed with the revision.”
To some of the Deputies the defect of this
proposal was that it left the hands of the Cham- |
bers too free. As long as the power of giving |

 

effect to the demand was vested in the (hambers
the door was always left open to them to tamper

oo Sey ey wie Ra ceeend

| fs defined by the Constitution as follows:

the cantons

If one Chamber has voted for a total revision
and the other does not give its sasent, it Ls the
people who are called upon to intervene as
sovereign, and they are to decide whether
a reviston ehall take place or not. They do

not indicate, however, in what sense the re- |

vision shall be undertaken, nor what {t ought
to aim at, nor how far it shall extend. The
question put before the electors {n this case
is the general one: Do you wish the Conetl-
tution to be revised, yes or no? If the ma-

jority of the electora taking part in the vote |

eupport a total revision the two Chambers
then {n existence are thereby disrolved, and
the work of revision devolves upon a new
Federal Assembly. The appeal to the people,
when made in such general terms, leaves the
Assembly entirely unfettered {in drafting the
new Constitution. It has recelved the order
to revise, but it can carry out that revision
ag {t deems best. What would happen tf the
two new Chambers could not agrea upon a
scheme? Would the old Constitution remain
{n force or would the people be again con-
sulted and would the Federal Assembly
again dissolved in the case of an affirmative
answer? The case is not provided for by the
Constitution, although {t might easily ariee.
The division of the constituencies ts so arbitrary
that {t not infrequently happens that the opin-
fons of the majority of the Deputies do not
reflect the opinions of the majority of the
electors

Should 60,000 cltizens s!gn a demand for a
tota) revision, the procedure {s the same
as in the preceding case. The same prelim-
{nary question {s put to the electoral body,
and if the majority decide for a revision, a
new election of the Council of States and Na-
tional Council takes place in order to carry
out the popuiar wish, It is theoretically pos-
sible that the Chambers existing at the time
might agree with the demand of the 60,000
petitioners. In such a case a dissolution
occurring as @ result of an appeal to the peo-
ple would be useless because the Federal As-
sembly undertake a revision of the Constitu-
tion at any time on {ts own authority.

We come now to a partial revision embrac
ing one or more articles of the Swiss Federal
Constitution. This may be effected in two
ways. First, according to the forms pre-
acribed for Federal legislation, that ts to say,
by the two Chambers The articles so revised,
however, must always be accepted by a ma-
Jority of the people and a majority of the can-
tons. Secondly, a partial revision may take
place by means of the popular tnitlative, which
/
demand presented by 60,000 Swiss voters for
the adoption of @ new article, or the repeal
or modification of a certain specified article
of the Constitution then fn force.” When
60,000 electors make use of thelr right of initia-
tive, they cannot Include fn the same peti-
tion propositions concerned with different
subjects. They must make as many distinct
demands as there are subjects to be revised.
The message of the Federal Council or Cabinet
of the 18th of June, 1800, gives the reason for
this regulation: “This separation of subjecta
has the advantage of giving more liberty to
the oftizens. A demand by initiative should
not be drawn up in such a way that a citizen
who wishes for a revision on one of the sub-
jects mentioned and does not wish for a revi-
sion on others fs, nevertheless, obliged to sign
for all or not sign at all. This method affords,
moreover, the only effective guarantee to
the great body of electors, who go to the polls
upon the initiative of a relatively small pro-
portion of their number, that a revision has
really been demanded by the regulation num-
ber of qualified voters on each separate sub-
Ject.” The electors who wish to bring about
a partial revision of the Constitution can do
so by one of two methods. They may de-
mand in general terme that a certain article
should be revised {n @ certain sense, or that
a new article should be Inserted in the Con-
stitution. They may also draft the new arti-
ole themselves. In the latter case, they are

| said to make use of the formulated Initiative

When the demand {fs drawn up in general
terms, two courses are open to the Federal
Assembly. If it agrees with the petitioners,
it proceeds to frame articles embodying the
popular proposals. If, on the other hand,
the Federal Council or Cabinet doas not hold the
same views as the 50,000 petitioners, the electoral
body fa invited to decide by means of a referen-
dum whether the partial revision demanded shall
take place or not. If the reply is in the nega
tive, the revision is dropped. If, however,
the people decide {on favor of the proposal,
the revision demanded must be carried out by
the existing legislative assembly, because no
provision is made for a dissolution and renewal
of the Chambers when partial revision is asked
for, am ie the case when total revision is de-
manded by the popular vote.

When 50,000 electors draw up a Dill complete in
all its details, it cannot be amended by the
Federal Assembly, but must be submitted to
the referendum in the form tn whish it has
been received, either without any comment or
else accompanied by a counter proposal. Asa
matter of faot, the Federal Assembly examines
the popular proposal and then takes one of
the following courses: Firat, if it agrees with
the petitioners on all points, it simply submits
the proposedfpill to the popular vote. Secondly,
if it disapprove of either the principle or the
details of the proposed bill, it may present a
counter project of its own. Thirdiy, ff ic
consider that the proposed revision is not

fhe Assembly may simply advise

   

 

eee ee

 

 

be |

oult country and a
eolump

   

that the people shall reject the project put for-
ward by the 50,000 electors, In the two Inst
cases, the counter-proposal, or the motion
for rejection, is submitted to the people at the
game time as the popular proposal

Whatever forin the revision takes, or what-
ever its aim may be, whether it be undertaken
by the Federal Assembly of ita own accord,
or 60,000 citizens make use of their right of
initiative, whether it be a question of a funda-
mental change in the Constitution or of tre
modification of a single article, there must
always be a final popular vote on the new Con-
stitution or on the new article In other words,
in constitutional matters the referendum ‘a
obligatory. Moreover the revised Conatity-
tion or the revised article cannot come Into
force unless they have received a double
majority. In the first place, half the electors
plus one who take part tn the vote mum have
voted “yes,” and, in the second place, tn half
the cantons plus one the majority who vote
must have voted “yes.” The revision falls to
the ground ff it does not obtain this double
majority. In a untfied republic it would be
sufficient if the majority of the people should
sanction a revision of the Constitution. In
a Federal republic like Switzerland, wherein
national and cantonal sovereignties coex(st,
a modification of the fundamental law ts not
possible without the assent of both the people
and the cantons, As @ matter of fact, only
one constitutional amendment haa ever failed
to get a majority in the majority of the oan-
tons when it had obtained a numerical majority
in the country. This was an amendment oon.
cerning weights and measures brought for-
ward tn 1872,

Now let us see what the rights of the Swiss
people are in their several cantons or Btatcs
with reference to the amendment of their
cantonal constitutions. Those rights are laid
down in Article 6 of the Federal Constitution
of 1874. According to the principle pro
pounded tn this article, the electors of a canton
have in matters relating to thelr cantonal
constitution, first, the right of initiative, and,
seoondly, the right of approval. If we leave
out of account the cantons with Landsege-
meinden (legislative assemblies in which every
citi.en takes part, corresponding to New
England town meetings), we find that a min-
imum number of signatures {s fixed by the
constitution of each canton, and that those
who desire to take the Initiative in bringing
about a revision must colloct at least thet
number before their demand can obtain oft-
cial recognition, The number is fixed at
1,000 in Basle City, Schaffhausen and Zug, at
1,4 in Rural Basle, at 2,000 In Schwy», at 2.49
in Thurgau, at 8,000 In Neuchftel and in Solo-
thurm, at 6,000 In the cantons of Aargau, the
Grisons, Lucerne and Zurich, at 6,000 In Fri.
bourg, Vaud and Valais, at 7,000 fn Ticino, at
7,000 In ®t. Gall, and since 1803, at 15,000 in
Berne

A revision may now be undertaken at any
tima, either on the initiative of the people or
on that of the cantonal legislative assembir,
except {n Ticino, where the legislature has
no initiative {n partial revision. In Geneva
the question of a total revision of the cantonal
constitution must be laid before the electorats
every fifteen years. In all the cantona, part'al
and total revisions are expressly distinguished,
and the electors have the right to demand
either the one or the other Certain cantons
now recognize the right of the electors to {ni-
tlate a partial revision by a bill complete In

| all {te details \In all the cantons except Basle

City, when the requisite number of electors
demand a total revision of the cantonal con-
stitution, the people are first of all consulted
on the question whether such a revision shall
take place or not. This is not always the case
whena partial revision {a demanded, and never
{f the demand ts made br a formulated bill.
Theinhabttants ofthe canton decide at the same
thie whether the revision shall be undertaken
by the ordinary legislative body or by @ con-
stituent assembly in Basle City, Berne, St.
Gall, Neuch&tel, Schaffhausen, Ticino, Thurgau,
Vaud and Valais; and tn the Grisons, whether
the Great Council shall be dissolved and another
be elected to carry out the revision. In all
cantons but one it is the majority of the electors
actually voting who decide in the preliminary
referendum. Lsoerne is the exception. Here
a revision cannot be proceeded with uniess
a majority of the registered electors give their
assent. In seven cantons the revision ts always
undertaken by a constituent assembly; in theese,
consequently, only the question of revision
or no revision is put to the elector. In Zug
the revision is undertaken by the existing
Cantonal Counctl, while in Zurich the Great
Counct] is dissolved as a matter of course, and
is renewed to work at the revision. The re-
vised cantonal constitution or constitutional
amendment, when framed, is always submitted
to the people in every canton and does not
come into force unless the majority of the
electors voting decide to accept it.

Not only constitutional amendments bi
Federal |aws and decrees, provided the lati
are of general import and are not urgent, may be
subjected to a referendum in Bwitzeriand. Both
laws and decrees must be submitted to the
people for their sanction If a demand for 4
referendum be received within three months
from 80,000 active citizens or any eight cantons.
Sinoe the Federal Constitution of 1874, however,
came into force, however, the cantons have never
madeuseoftheirrights. It ts the privilege oon-
ceded to 80,000 electors which has been exer
cised. We should note tn concludon certain
differences between the referendum eon & re-
vision of the Federal Constitution and one which
is merely concerned with ordinary Federal laws
or Federal decrees. First, a constitatlonal
referendum !s oompulsory; that is to say, the
vote is enjoined by the Constitution, and take
place as a reguar part of the procedure, no
popular demand being necessary. On the other
hand, the legislative referendum {«# optional!
the right of demanding it {a vested in any 80,000
eelctors, or any eight cantons, and the popular
voting only takes place {f the demand ts made
in accordance with the rules laid down by law.
In the second place, the Fedaral dearee re-
vising the Constitution does pot become law
unless {it obtatns a numerioal majority in the
country at large, and also a numerical majority
in the majority of the cantons. On the other
hand, an ordinary Federal] law which bas been
voted on by the people can come tnto force
as soon as a bare majority of the Swiss electors
acoept it, without reference to the fact that
the electors in the majority of the cantons may
have rejected it. For instance, the law on
marriage of Deo, 2, 1874,only obtained «majority
in nine and one-half cantons, but in the whole
country {t secured 218,190 against 206,069 votes
So, too, the bankruptcy law waa passed on
Nov. 17, 1890, by a majority of 26,806 votes,
although {t obtained a majority in only eght
cantons

The conclusion reached by the anthor of this
volume ts that in the Swiss Confederation the
Federal referendum oan never become an In-
strument of systematio opposition, or paralyze
the ordinary operation of government. Swita-
zerland is divided into twenty-five autonomous
States differing in language, tn religion and in
traditions, all of which differences are insur-
mountable barriers to the creation of strong
currents of opinion. There are no two great
political parties in Switzerland. The Radical
party, which ie in a majority, is united when
measures hostile to the Cathollo Church are
proposed, but it splite up when cantonal] a
thority ts in question. On the other hand, ne
opposition group is sufficiently strong In itself
to decide the result of a vote. Coalitions are
always needed to secure the rejection of a law,
and coalitions are dificult to form because they
require compromises and mutual sacrifices,
which are unpopular with party leaders.

 

Aluminum Pontoon Boats.

The une of pontoon boats made of aluminura
for the construction of fying bridges was
Suggested some few vears ago, bit recentiy

@ practical test of materia! of this kind was
made by the enginesr section of one of the

Austrian dragoon regiments stationed ft
Btockerau, near Vienna, with very satisiactor
resulta, The special pontoon used was thas
of Capta, De Vaux and be Vall, with aonm

ing capacity of 11,000 pounds hese pontoon

boats are transported on specially constructed

wagons, and can be taken over the niast diMf-
marron

auy rate of