vy
2

uly

at
ry
at

im-

TIE CAUSE OF WOMAN.

more RAPID IMPROVEMENT AMONG
WOMEN THAN WITH MEN,

 

A Text From the Recent Golf Tourna-
ment Scholastic Honors for Women
constitutional Gaarantees as Applicd to
Women When Women Pull Together--
Opening Hochester University to Girls,

While Inspecting one of the oldest and moat

fa « colleges, during @ recent visit to Eng-

la the head master, Who was acting as our

 

  

 

| be
| to door
' #o Teocently has

| man.

es said American women are the clev-
erest the world. LT am continually taking |
pa all countries through these build-
joe wud there are no women ainong them who
ca pare with those of the United States
fr s of perception and knowledge of
b [heir own men are continually ap-
pealing to them for information, Even our
I h women are fag behind them.” “Doesn't
it r rto you,” we asked, “that the United
Kt «the only nation that permits freedom
of ypment to women? Even Great
Brita which stands next to America in lib-
ert oth sexes, impedes and restricts women
fu a thousand ways, while in other countries
they have practically no opportunity to show
what they are capable of. Give them every-
where a fair chance and they will surprige the
w fas much as American women do" We
did not think it necessary to tell bim that our
nat have many obstacles lo overcome,
PM rty has a string tied to it. We
1 tytetor nd our own men of these
thine t we were not willing to expose their
6 «to our Enalish cousins

id master’s observation was recalled

  
  
 

  

  

wo by an @ditorial in tha Boaton
i the wonderful record nade this

. yur women golf players, which
“i eaving | act the women of this
really roved faster than the

special reference was made to g
stomment holds good all alon

5 I lias ¢ people anys I

« such pr ess during the pasc
! been made by the

This is not be-
nis endowed with
e which preceded
because nowadays

a chance Suppose, for
had said to them, “You
to play wolf and therefore
pt it ind when they in-
suppose inferior links and
possible equipment had been ftr-
d Miss Hoyt and Miss Cris-
pions have won thelr
place in the game
what has bees done in the
who Wished to show thetr posai-
ntal athletics For centurea it
that the brain power of women was
‘riod that of man and she was
r} ‘ deprived of all chance to preve
he falsity of th etat it. Then a few infe-
la were ast shed, and the obstrue-
tinuedto assert that the ferninine was
mas mind. At last
iniversities were opened
portunities became
situation for only a
reentury and yet
i liversities show that
tained uniformly aa high a

state

 

Pt A2a7e et atae3I3 ces.
e 223 =e3 .

 

od non a trai

 

 

sor-.

 

47>

 

  

 

 

t equal to the uline

treat

  
 
  

>
>.

ma
rand have carried eff proportion-
snors as the male students

tte Poet

» ¥

 

 

ridard said of the last commence.
niversity ‘The women
courtesy in allowing
if all to the men A wornan was
st the medical college to be
1d from esoménation on account of high
gir ] artments. Ten women and
secured the distinction of member-
ta Kappa. Of the honor studenta
iss receiving the mark of aumma
six women and two men
joud was won by
ne omen ”
ead of the department
* in Leland Stanford
rs wid recently that the finest thesis
v 1 ted inh was prepared br a
At the last meeting of the
t f the Advancement of
strongest papers were
ed themselves to
every department of
Miss Erle Hitftle, an
passed the doctor's
tint ’ loud by the faculty
. heat Heidelherg. The old, consery-
. s conferred upon
Lon Cambridge the
agre j f sophy and niister of

her service to

,

>
£

 

thera 4

cun

te 8c Bete

 

~

>aracs

24?

>
r.

-_—

 

+ for

ence. The ancient
' {re has conferred the
i my pon Mra. Millicent Garrett

the British Woman Suf-

~s-aAMveo?

“2

12 the above might be multi-
the t tted limit of (fs
) ! ty

 

we ne ' t t n of ‘ it niy thi

 

 

 

!
é
years of fuentional opportunity have accom-
1 the ens f women, and they migh
ba carried into lof the various other depart.
ments of work which have ha ened to them
a g this period The world just hecinning
fo sae the results of the principles of liberty as
anole? to women, but only beginning The
effect upon the homes, the schools, the churches
t society in general of the influence of
@wration after ganeration of edueated,
gelf-controlled, free and independent woman-
h nnot be put info words As yet it

can be conceived. Those who believe
none more generation will nass before
force impresses itself upon
f State are slow to comprehend the
unnistakable, the inevitable fact that women
cannot much longer fail to recognize wherein
real source of power, And when the
the inside wall will be
elled which leads to the imperial palace.

 
  
 
 

 

1endous

ne comes

 

President McKinley Is entirely right when he
fays

letter of acceptance There isa
ealed hypocrisy in the anxiety
I onstiuitional guarantees to the
f the Phillippines while their nullifica-

ih hs

 
 
  

 

 

 

  
  

t ypeniy advocated at home.’

These ¢ tutional guarantees have heen
openly nullified always in respect to women by
ev political party in the United States, and
¥ it a protest from any of them. If our
Constitution does not guarantee to the hum-
blest citizen the right to protect his life and
liberty by means of a voice in the government,
Wherein lies the advantage of arepublic? Never
has the isy" of its defenders been so
painfully apparent to American women as
during the past two years, when they have

acd its declarations shouted from every

r

platforra in the land in behalf of millions of de-
graded Philippine savages-—rights demanded
for these {gnorant and uneivilized aliens, 7,000
which have been arrogantly and
y denied to the native-born women
ited States since our government was

    

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

frustrate, so far as possible, the work of Susan
Anthony, while enjoying to the utmost
the privileges she was largely instrumental
in securing for thera by going from avor to
door, petition in hand, and canvassing the

sag

POEMS WORTH READING,
The Fiddiia’ Murphy.

 

| Faith, I'm goin’ to the party down at Oasey’s,

Whole Stato many times over, to obtain |
better laws for women. She has circulated
thousands of petitions in the past fifty

years, and during all this time has had practi-
cally to beg the funds to carry on her work.
And there is not @ woman living who hates
to ask people to sign a petition or eubscribe
money any worse than she does. Now, bear-
ing the weight of more than 50 years, she has
‘en again carrying her petition from door
this woman whom «a whole nation
| united in paying honor. To
earn the ingratitude of the women of the tu-
ot Possibly, but she never asks this ques:

om

Tt always has been a grief to Mies Anthony
that the university of her own city of Rochester,
N. ¥Y., should close its doors to girls Two
years ago the trustees announced that if the
women would raise $100,000 girla should be
admitted. When this was seen to be hope-
less the board decided that if $60,000 was
guaranteed by Sept. 4, 1900, they might enter,
nit after that date the original sum would
be required. Miss Anthony was vitally in-
terested in this matter, but the committee
of ladies formed to raise this money felt that
she ought ta be spared this burden, so another
popular and efficient woman was made chair-
Miss Anthony went quietly among
her personal friends and secured several thou-
sand dollars, ecodperating meanwhile | in
every possible way with the cormittee, but
on last Friday they gave up in despair. They
had walked the streeta through all the hot
Kilinmer and gathered in every available penny,
but they were still $8,000 short and only twenty-
four hours left

a Che Wo heater Democrat and Chronicle Says
Then Something happened Susan Bo An-
theny threw herself into the brench Single

handed she met the situation and in one day
She raised the $8,000 in money and gunrantees,
a wonderful tribute to her personal influen

Had it not been for her indomitable wil ond
Courage the whole project would have teler
through Miss Anthony herself ha 1 to

savahboutherachievyement She seema far mores
delighted that eo-adyeation has been secured
than proud of her part in obtaining this result *

here is a suspicion in the minds of Miss An-
thony's friends that she pledged a portion of
her own slender personal meana in order to
complete the necessary amount She 1s quite
capable of wiving all she posseases rather than
have the girls of her own city and vieinity In
all the coming vears deprived Of this oppor-
tunity for a university education

 

The despatches from Pekin tell of the mar-
ve lous bravery and fortitude displayed by the
woinen of all nations during the long and terri-
ble wecks of the siege Those who have re-
turned from South Africa corroborate the ao
counts Of the actual fighting done by the Boer
women and the immense amount of labor per-
formed by ther at home in order to furnish
Supplies to the troops Let these things be
ret) mbered when those men who never smelled
powaer declare tat women should have no
voice in government because they cannot de-
fend theirt ballots with bullets

In a recent speech Mr. Bryan said:

*When an American boy dies for liberty his
mother thanks God that she gave her strength
10 bear and rear a son for such noble sacrifice,
but what American mothers want to raise boys
at so much per head?

What American mothers want is the right to
an equal yolce with men in deciding whether
there shall be war. No mother ever thanked
God for the privilege of raising sons to be shot,
No mother would willingly bear and rear sona
if ahe knew they were to be sacrificed in battle
But if warg must come, and periaps in our
present Stage of evolution they are Sometimes
unavoidable, then women demand the right to
some authority in the commissary department
and the hospitals and to some representation
among the physicians and nurses, Wornen
are in rebellion against having to remain silent
and passive in all the preliminary stages which
lead up to a declaration of war They are sick
unto death of the endless twaddle about the
blessed privilege of being allowed to lay the
fathers, husbands and sons on the altar of their
country They are tired of a life of Spinster-
hood becanse the young men fill soldiers’ graves;
desperate'y tired of remaining at home alone,
doing the work of borh man and woman, rals-

 

 

ing the fatherless children and paying war
taxes without any representation in govern-
ment Women are getting very tired of a

great many things, and of nothing 80 much as
of being fed on sentiment when they are starv-
ing for justice

Chairman Hanna says “there are to be no
fiddies or barbecues or any kind of freak feat-
nres in this campaign, but it is to be conducted
in a quiet, vieorous and dignified menner”
The country is to be congratulated. Women
also are among the “freck features” who are to
be barred out, but in putting the politfeal can-
yvaas on a high and respectable plane Mr Hanna
is preparing the way and making the path easy
for their future participation, Give bim a
vote of thanks

rhe new National party has adopted the
Goddess of Liberty as their emblem. That ts
a bricht idea, to put a woman at the head of
their ticket Ipa Husrev HakPER

 

YALE LIBRARY SECURES A PRIZE.

Bound Volame of Perhaps the Oldest Political
Newspaper,

New Haven, Sept. 15-—There was placed
in the racks of the Yale University Library
this week, a copy of the oldest and most historic
political newspaper, a relic for which the Brit-
ish Museurn would pay alarge price. The book
is a bound volume of Mercuriua Politicus, a paper
published in London in 1658-0 This particular
volume was lost in 1762. Since then the great
librarians of the world have been hunting for
it, as it happened to bo the only copy that
was wanting to complete two sets of the old
publication, one of which is owned by Yalo
University and the other by the British Museum

in London

A short time ago James Terry of New Haven
in tracing some old property in the northwest-
ern part of Connecticut came upon 4 will which
referred to the set of Mercurius Politicus which
Yale now owns, In this will the gentleman

who originally owned this set disposed of the
books to his relatives. The set was divided
up armong a number of families. Mr. Terry
was famiiar with the history of these books
and with the fact that Yale did not have the
rarest volurne of the entire set. Taking this
old will as a basis Mr. Terry traced the entire
set of books right down through the famiies
through whose hands they had passed before
they came into the pemeeeeen of the Yale library
In this way Mr. Terry finally caine upon the
lost volume. He found it treasured as a great
heirloom, and it was with great dificuity that
he managed to get it for Yale

Ths history of these books is shrouded in
mystery. The set which Yale. possesses is
the most complete and the mest valuable in
existence. How it got to this Country is not
known, but there is a legend thatit was brought
here by the Regicides, as a preciove relic of
the days when Cliver Cromwell, ruled England.

The first mention made of these books was
by President > Yale. In his famous
diary this scholar", tn the year 1780, Makes
mention of the fact that he had borrowed these

 

les «

| b oks and taken them home and looked them

lover. A few years later it ls known that the
books came into the possession of Wiltam
Lyon. a wealthy book collector and merchant
of this city At his death they were divided
up, together with many other valuable books,
! ! is heirs. In this way the books were

| ot Foreign |

) land and

; life
} guch distinction or sueh public favor as did

fou Yes, the President has tightiy named
it hypecriay.” and let us congratulate the poli-
Telans that (mat least repudiating the doctrine
tia er ents derive their just powers
f nt of the governed” they have
‘ it least a part of the mask
Declaration of Independence remained
ur ited,” says President McKinley in his
Jarre until the people, under the lead of the
Republican party, in the awful clash of battle
turned ita promises into fulfilment It wrote
{nto the Constitution the amendments guaran-
: ‘ng political equality to American citizen-
bh did it?) “Fulfilled the promises of the
( tution” by enfranchising negro men
tead polit } tality to American
€ nove ot into the hand of
° x mar the firet time placing
{ “t tion an surmountable barriet
ag the e a of the suffrage by any
w ‘ ' ] amendments de-
fined “American cit inv nerson born
c ' fin the United State and then
t moor f of this “citizenship”
fra est f “te al equality which it
od before they were adopted
IM n in’'s letter accepting
Z for ident of the United
Mh) \ Mok va: the platforms
‘ rreat parties are offered for the can
8 yr e fo of the people
{ negro men, for
: ’ ’ort mM for Cuban
nh t 1 for ppeals are
r t my effort
{ the the
‘ voices
¢ are neglected: not because
{ because anv one wishes to
2 ree haa » ther existence isa
‘ | t xcitemant of the cam-
forgotten, that is all
a the women all speak tegether
ar v are beard The erse of Reberts
% t ' trat That of Breck-
‘ K urnished another
t they come very near
o" ‘ man f } pesition in
‘F count « speech at the
‘ “ But they eannoet make
Y hes e din of a Presri-
\ selection is over,
} re being circus
\ { ng of the social
; t «, the new Presi-
a his ear to the ground
= k about ft. Jet
? re t to eonvines the public
eal “roorbac)

‘ { made an attemnt to revive
a no owith her army in |
American wamen atand
3 those af Great Britain in their |
oe ' defeat the iniquitous mens-
z he depended unen not to |]
a ind the army of the United
: they mav be divided on
ae stand solid onthia, There
= ' me onartere that they
z ! after election, and the aoune
an ire d a painful agitation if an
ty on lenial of these serious charger
a women are ungrateful hy nature and
v be ' enorance Thoae of the New

* Apt-Suffrage Association condemn and

   
 
 

downs from one generation to another
ago when Vale secured posser-

un year

sic them At that time one volume waa
miss h.very eflort was made to trace it,
but in vain. Yale had given up hope of ever

finding this volume
lhe Mercuriva Politicus was a weekly news.

  
 

 

 

poyer published in London, beginning with
the iasue of Thursday, Jan. 18, 16%, and running
to April 1600 The editor was Marchmont
Nedham, whol ie a name for himselfand tor
his paper, nd le such a dangerous man
that Oliver Cromwell caused his imprisonment.
Cromwell a few years later, when he was at
the height of his power, pardoned Nedham
on the promise that his paper should net be

yiblished agair In return for this pardon
Qedh um published A new paper known as Mer-

 

   

  
 

curma Politeus, which was used entirely for
attacking th ovalists

Vercuriua l va Wasa sixteen-npage pamph-
let closely packed in the old-fashioned large
print with short items of news, | Its full title
was, “Mercurius Politicus, Comprising the 5um

s Affairs Now on
in the Three Nations of Enaiand, Scot-
Ireland, for the Information of the
People, and in Defence of the Commonwealth,”
Avide from the great hi al value of the
news which Nedham put into tis little paper,
it. style and the printing are of great Interest
Phe volume which has just come into tre pos-
session of Yale is the most vainabic and most
interesting of the set because it deals with the
last days of Cromwell and contains tho report
of Cromwell's death This ix the way that event
ia described, under date ef Sept. 4, 1658) “Lils
Most Serene and Renowned [ighness, Oliver,
Lord Protector, being aiter a sickness of abcut

ence With the
Foot

 
  

 

14 days (which appeared an ague in the
beginning) reduced to a very low condition of
body, beaan early this morning to draw near

 

to the wate of Death, and it pleased Ciod about
4 o'clock this afternoon to put a period to his

None of his rival editors, however, gained

      

Nedham. Even in 1660, when King Charles
ascended the throne and Nedham was pro-
hibited from publishing any more newspapers,
and finally imprisoned he still retained so much
influence among the Royalists, to whom he had
been a bitter and dangerous enemy, that they
secured from the King a full pardon for him
This was the closing chapter of his life Owing
ents that seon transpired it was dangerous

toe

to peesess copies of Nedham’'s writings, ond it
was in this way that his paper was wiped out of
existence Whether it was one of the regi-
eides or some other political refugee who

brought this set of Nedham’'s nblications to
Armorica will probably never be known,

 

Where they'il have the bottles poppin’ by the score,
An’ sweetmeats [rom a dago named Morasy’s
That'll make you no more aisy than before,
But ‘tis not the sweets that lure me to the party
Nor all the foamin' \iquors brewed |n France
I'm gotn' feet o' foot an’ feelin’ hearty,
For Murphy's goin’ to fiddle for the danos.
Whio I hear Tim Murphy's iddle,
Sure, me heart cracks up the middle,
Lattin’ all me thoughts go out beneath the moon,
Till I'm back in ould Kilkenny
Widout nary pang nor penny,
An' me feet a-trip trip trippin’ to the tune

"Tis the queerest feelin’ comes to ye entirely,
Wohin he draws that bow o° his across the string;
Ye'll be thinkin’ o' yer poor dead grandad direly,
But at that sound ye'll give yer leg a fling,
An’ ye'll dance and dance agin, till the day comes
stealin’
In streaks o' gold at windy an’ at door,
A tired lot o' dancta' folk revealin’,
Au’ Tim wo drunk to fiddle any more.
For It's bottle after bottle
That he pours into his throtiue
Till he doesn't know a candle from the moon
Och, he's no more good, is Murphy
Than a bit o' peat that’s turfy,
But he keeps 5 ¢ trip-trip-trippin’ to the tune

I belave if Tim should pass away to glory
An’ wint marchin' up to Peter at the gate,
He wouldn't have to tell (he saint his story,
He wouldn't have a minute for w walt
“Ye're a helpless boy," sea Peter; “ye're a clown, sir!
Ye need lookin’ atter sadly. Stip in sharp,
In place o' that ould hat flit take this crown, ef,
Im place o' that ould Maudie ta\re this harp!"
‘Thin the Blessed would come ‘round Bim,
I don't thiak that would astound bim,
No, he'd sit and (wang ils harp, the gay Eosocom,
An’ before they coud be knowtn’
Sure the angels would be goin’
Wid their feet a-trip-trip-trippin’ to the tuna
HOBERT GILBERT WELSH.

Unpublished Poem of Goethe,

From the Critte
DER REICHE MANN,
(From an unpublished manuseript)
Ich bin ein reicher Mann; ich habe
Das gOtliche Geschenk, die Gabe
Mit Wenigem begnugt cu selu:
Der Freunue viel, ein gut’ Gewissen,
Ein Madchen willig mich su kUssen,
Und téglich eine Fiasche Wein.
JOHANN WOLFGANG GORBTER.

 

4 MAN OF MEANS,

lam a man of mans, possessing
God's richest gift, earth's rarest olessing—
Content to cali bus tit.le mine
Some friends; # conscience sigh Ix laden;
With you to fondly kiss me, maiden;
And for cach day & jug of wine.

(Transiated by GEORGB SEIBSL.)

 

Im the Blossoms and the Breeze.

From the Afianta Constitution.

The fields will soon be ready for the reapers: Let
‘em reap’
I'd ruther bewloafin' where the coolin’ shadders

creep
On the green banks of ariver—jest a-takin' of my

eaat
Only Jest @ brother to the bdiossoms an’ the
breeze!
Warn't never fond o' reapin';—ruther hear the

reapers sing
From ‘crost the woods an’ medders where the honey-

suckles swing;
the family fer me to take my

Tt jess runs in
case;

Fer | wuz born a brother to the blossoms an' the
breeze!

The world has low o' tollers that love the wilin’

way
Fer « me wus born to toll, an* some to dream, {s what

I say!

An’ tough work's more profitabler, {t kivers too
much ground

When it Jest runs in the family fer folks to loaf
around!

The War Correspondent,

Fromthe Newfoundland Magasina
No more for him the dust along the street,
The ery of newsboys and the trafMc’s din,
The Joy of balanced prose—the work weil dona
Rap at his door—another cries ‘come in.”

Another, who will write as well as he,
Another, who perchance knows Dot bis name,

But fills the well-worn cuatr with boyish pride
Aad, dreams we same old dreams of Work and
‘ame.

No more for him the grind—slow word on word,
His paper prints bis name, and then forgeta
He showed rare promise and he iaugned at fear—
“He sent his news—a truce to vain regrets.”

No more for him the saddle and the spur,

The maddened ride, the hardship, and the fun
He saw great deeds, be earned his little pay,

Death Forked his bridle when the march was done

OW and kopje! what to him |s change?

Topper and heimet! what to him ts dreas?

The fever pxssed him, but the rifles saw—
God ree nim! and bis paper goes to preas.

THEODORE ROBERTS

 

The Notse of the Streets.

From the Chicago Times Herala

O the rattle and the roar and the bang
In the street!
© the Jumble and the rumble and the clang—
And the feet
The feet and tron shoes that go tramping up and

down,
still tm the never sleeping

Never ceasing,
town!
O the late and early pounding in the shop!
Do she arms that wield the hammers never stop—
Never, never cease to fall
On the bars,
Hard and soft and greatand small!
Ao. the cars-
Othe rumbling cars that go
In and out and to and fro,
With shett puffing and their bumping and thetr
retting.
Aaé, thelr emasbing and eollapsing and upeet
ting!

O the troubles of the engines with the long
Trains they draw!
O the ringing of the anvils and the song
Of the saw!
O the never ending rattle and the never ceasing roar.
What 8 ary they keep telling—keep repeating o'er
and oer—
Whata story of strong arms!
What a tale of busy bands!
Whata romance: reaching out
To the farthest foreign lands!
What a story of giad bearts and of faces that are
bright
What ‘ story of the thanks that go up te God at
night!
Hear the anvil where the red
Rod |s laid,
Singing: ‘Hread, bread, bread
For the maid
Por the maid and for the boy, and for the wife!”
Singing ‘Joy, joy, Joy!” Shouting: “Life, Ife,
e!"*

never

And the song the saw Is singing
Is another song of bope,
Anda song of Joy |s ringing
Through the creaking of the rope!
And th feet
With thelr never ceasing clattes,
In the street;
They are going. soon or late,
Unto rest somewhere beyond—
Leading on to those that walt--
Walt with anxious eyes and fond—
Where the shouting children play around the doors,
Where thécrowing bables creep upon the floors!
O the feet go on and on and the rattl: never stops,
Anda Pood of sound Is poured from a thousand busy
shops,
And through all the roar and banging
lean hear
Rising o'er the busy c'anging,
Sweet and clear,
Asong of thanks to Heaven for the work there is
to do,
For the hands there are todo !t and the joy It's lead-

ing to!
8S. B Kissr

The Shirt-Watst Peril,

From the Washington Evening Star.

A man stood sadly thinking
As he ne'er had thought before,
And his heavy beart kett inking
As he «canned the dry goods store
Where men's shirt walsts were suspended.
He eactaimed, in tones petpeaet,
“How will this strange tale be ended?
Whatis going to happen next?

“Will our wives go earn the money
And disturb our aweet repose
With remarks passed out as ‘funny’
On their husbands’ Easter clothes?
Will tuey sean the ledger sadly
And with accents won Jrous wise
Say. Affaires are Folng badly;
Dear, you must economize?’

“Will our loving spouses quote us
And declare at Sabbath 4 wo
That we gotuchure§ to notice
What the ot er men have on?
Of ali foibles ever started,
By this one we most are vexed,
And we asi it, Umid- hearted,
“What is going to bappen next?"

To His Pen Wiper.
From the Boston Transcrim.

In thy folds his pen he'll hide.
Thou shalt know what he replied
‘To the dimsel far away
In bis jovial, hearty way.

Keep his s*crets; newer tell
Now be words the fond farewell
Be she first or second band,
light or dark, fair skioned or tanned,

Little midget, be content,
What he sald he never meant
CATHERINE CORNISE

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS,

 

The longest honest word in the Fngliah language
ie “disproportionabicness,” twenty-one letters.
E. 3. ELLs.
The longest word tn the English language \s (or
was) ‘‘Disestablishmentarianism.” The word was
coined by William HE. Gladstone,
CHARLES H. WHITE.

 

 

In your answers to correspondents last Sunday you
err in saying that an Austrian leaving his country
when 17 years old and becoming a citizen here can, on
returning t Austria, be molested, &e This me)
be the case with Germany, butour treaty with Austria
distinctly protects such cases as you mention. While
I was serving four years as Consul-General in Vienne
many such cases came up, and former Austrian sub-
Jocts were bothered on thetr arrival in their native
Village, where the Austrian offictals did not know of
the existing treaty, but on their appeal to the Consul-
Genetal they were invariably released and troubled
no further MAX JUDD

Will you kindly explain the method of acquiring
claims {n the Kiowa agd Comanche strip or reserva-
tion soon to be opened to settlement, the best point wo
start from in trying to secure a desirable claim, the
outht necessary, and the probable date on which the
strip will be opened to settlers? W.3S.G

No tnstructions for opening these lands have yet
been issued; the act opéning them was passed on
June 6 last, and no entry can be made until sia months
after the homesteads have been allotted to the Indians.
We cannot suggest the best spot to start from; that
point will depend on how the Indian allotments are
distributed. The general rules are those already
existing, as to bounds of claim, entry and completion,
&c, There is not going to be a go-as-you-please rush,
as when Oklahoma was opened. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office will afford Information.

Was there ever a law in this country that prohibited
the Chinese or Japanese from becoming citizens?
Is auch a law In effect now? NEWARK

The original naturalization law permitted Chinese
and Japanese to become citizens: after negro emanet
pation, the law was extended to naturalize persons
of African descent, a Western court decided that this
amendment limited the act to whites and blacks,
excluding Chinese and Japancse as yellow persons,
The decision still holds, and ts the law,

Can you (inform me whether the Persian Monarch
of the old Monarch Line and later of the Wilson Hill
Line was ever converted Into a Salling vessel? If so,
how ts she rigged’? square or fore or aft? What trade
isshenowin? Arethere any larger sailing boats
in the world than she would be? I belleve she ts the
boat that brought over Jumbo, the big elephant, from
the London Zoological Gardens Am 1 correct?

The Persian Monarch's name disappeared from
the record {n 1804-5, when the vessel was wrecked
The hull was saved, repaired and turned into the
four-masted ship May Flint, which was sunk last
week in San Francisco Bay by colliding with the
U. S.S. lowa. She was one of tho largest sailing
abips afloat; she brought Jumbo to this country in
1882.

Why did the United States pay to Spain $20,000,000
for the Philippine Islands when she already had
them’ G. EW

The money was paid to avoid trouble. The Com-
missioners of the United States andof Spain were
deadlocked over the question of the disposition of the
Philippines, and the controversy lasted several days.
Finally the American Commissioners offered $20,000,-
000, “asa lump sum to cover all expenditures of Spain
for betterments.”

A child was born In March, 1831, on a Wednesday.

It was the 10th, Lith or 12th. Which date ts right?
DAVID WARK.

None of them; the Wednesdays tn March, 1831,
came on the 2d, 9th, 16th, 25d and 30th of the month.

 

Did Company C of the Fourteenth Infantry return
from the Philippines, andif so where are they sta-
tloned at present’ I. F

‘The First Battalion of the Fourteenth came home
some months ago; C Company |s tn this battalion,
and ts stationed now at Fort Wayne, Detroit.

Where can I find Lincoln's "Gettysburg Oration?”
G.M.R.

Here (t {s, from Nicolay and Hay’'s “Lincoln.”

“Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought
forth on this continent a new nation, conceived tn
liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men
are created equal. Now we are engaged in & great
civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation,
so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure Wwe
are met on A great battlefield of that war, We have
come to dedicate a portion of that field, asa fimal rest-
ing p'ace for those who here gave thetr lives that that
nation might live, It its altogether fitting and proper
that we should do this. But, in a larger sense, we
cannot dedicate~ we cannot consecrate- we cannot
hallow-this ground. The brave men, living and
dead, who struggled here have consecrated tt, far
abore our poor power to add or detract. The world
will little note, nor long remember, what we say bere,
Dut it can never forget what they did here, It ts for
us, the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the un-
finished work which they who fought here have so
nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedl-
cated to the great task remaining before us~ that
from these honored dead we take increased devotion
to that cause for which they gave the last ful measure
of devotion. that we here highly resolve that these
dead shall not have died tn vain- that this nation,
under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -~— and
that government of the people, by the people, for the
people, shall not perish from the earth. *

 

 

Would you please state the original name of the

husband of the Baroness Burdett Coutts,
READFR.

William Lehman Ashmead Bartlett. Then it grew
fo be William Lehman Ashmead Burdett-Coutts Bart-
lett; and now It {s William I#hman Ashmead Bartlett
BurdettCoutts.

In the “People's Cydopedia’ on James Monroe
{t states that ® his promulgation of the Monroe Doe
trine he declared the American policy of “neither en-
tangling ourselves tn the broils of Furope, nor suffeg
ing the powers of the Old World to interfere with the
affairs of the New,” &. Is the first part of this state-
ment correct? CONSTANT READER.

Monroe did not use these words) The Monroe
Doctrine ts contained in these words of the Presi-
dent's message of Dec. 2, 1828

“We owe it, therefore, to candor to de-
clare that we should consider any attempt on their
part (that of the Furopean Powers) to extend their
system to any portion of this hemisphere aa dan-
gerous to our peace and safety.” In his last anoual
message, Dec. 7, 1824, President Monroe said: “Sep
arated as we are from Furope by the great Atlantic
Ocean, we can have no concern in the wars of the
European Governments or in the causes which produce
them. ° But in regard to our neighbors the
situation ta different. Its !mpoasible for the European
Governments to interfere to thelr concerns * *° °
without affecting us.”

1, When was the last six day footrace held in
Madison Square Garden? 2 What ts Jack How-
ard’s of Bradford, England, record for the runnin

broad jump and was it jumped from a@ spring boar
or not? A. J.D,

1, May 5 t© 11, 1889 2. Howard cleared 20 feet
7 inches at Chester racecourse, Fogland, May §,
1654, using fve-pound welghta He took off from a
@olid block of wood, 1 foot wide, 2 feet long, 3 inches
thick, wedge shaped and raised 4 inches in front

 

 

Probably your correspondent, “J, W, MeC..” who
inquires about “Woman ts to man what the string is
to the bow,” refers to the opening lines of Longfellow's
“Hiawatha's Wooing They are.

“As unto the bow the cord is,
So unto tie man is Woman
Though she bends him, she obeys him,
Though she draws him, yet she follows,
Useless cach without the other.”

ALG.

A number of other friends make the same sugers-
thon, We thank them all

 

J.C. 1. 7. can find the Rev, M. J. McHale's “Songs
of Freedom’ in the Catholic book stores In Barclay
atrect. Father Mcliale died tn New York, Aug. &,

1847. The poems of Richard Dalton Williams (“Sham
rock”) were printed in Dublin, Ireland, a few years
ago, and can be secured through 4 bookseller. Wil

liams was born in County Tipperary in 1821 or 1822
and came to the United States in 1451.) One of his
ballads had 4 wide popularity during the Civil War,
He died of consumption at Thibodeaux, la,
July 5, 1862, and soon after some Irish American
soldiers erected & monument over his grave. T. A, W

Richard D'Alton Williams was born about 1622 tn
the County Tipperary, Ireland. His father was
Count D'Alton and his mother was Mary Williams
lie was one of the leaders of the "New Ireland” party

and wrote for the Vation over the signature of
“Shamrock.” He was afrested in 1844, but was ac
quitted. Hesides the VNeton Willlams wrote for

the Irishman, United Irishman, Irish Tribune and
Duffy's [rish Catholic Magatine, He came to Amer-
fea In 1851, and became professor of rhetoric at Spring
hill College, Alabama, lie removed to Thibodeaux,
in Loulsiana, in 1461, and died there in 1862 or 1864,
A company of a Maine regiment stationed there
erected a inonument over his grave. The first col
lected edition of his poems was issued from the Na-
tion office. An 15 mo, edition Is now {in alae

 

J. A. S.—Ir 1876 Thanksgiving fellon Nov, 30,

H. A. B.- THE SUN has no connection of any
wind with the Associated Press.

 

A. Knob-If we wanted a map published by the
State Survey itis barely possible that we should send
to the State Survey for it.

 

Fr. A. B.~ The first tssue of Term Scw was dated
Sept. 8, 1853. There have been two facsimile
copies issued ~ in 1868 and 1883,

Edward Ryan - The Fourth of July, though observed
as @ holiday in all the States, fs not a national hol!
day. That is, it is observed by all the States under
State laws only, and not under 4 national law.

 

Reader —You will have to consult the files of the
London papers or walt for the publication tn book
form of the war correspondents’ articles from South
Africa to find # connected account of Drabant's ad-
vance on Bloemfontein,

| News)

A RUSSIAN VIEW OF ASIA,

The long-expected book of Prince Uchtomakj
on Asia has just been published in St, Peters-
burg. The distinguished author has long
boen identified with large enterprises In Asia
and {is regarded in his own country as one of
the best authorities on that continent and ita
peoples. Princa Uchtomsk! is the editor of
the Pieterhurakia Viedomoati (St. Petersburg
When the project of building branch
lines from the Trans-Siberian Railroad across
Manchuria to Viadivostok and Port Arthur
was ready for constructive operations he was
chosen President of the proposed railroad,
which is known aa the East Chinese Railroad;

 

! and it was rapidly building under his super-

 

re RN

vision when the work was interrupted by the
outbreak of the recent hostilities
President of the Roard of Directors
Russia-Chinese Bank, two or three branches
of which he recently established in Manchuria

His book is entirely devoted to the relations
of Russia and the rest of Europe with the Far
Fast, and it is being weleomed by most of the
press and public in his country as a thorough
and faithful exposition of Asiatle questions
from the Russian point of view. Some of the
Prince's ideas will impress Western readers
as quite original; and as one of the spokesmen
of his countrymen, it will be fateresting to
summarize the bases upon which he grounds
the relations of Russia with the Asiatic world.

Prince Uchtomski asserts that the Western
nations are inherentiy incapable of coming
into intimate relations with the peoples of
Asia. The English have produced a vast litera-
ture devoted to India and have gone to and fro
among the millions there for many years; but
in all their intercourse with the East Indians
whom they govern they have never touched
their souls nor met them on the ground of a
tingle idea or sentiment held in common be-
tween them. Their relations with the natives
are of the ofMfictal, cut and dried, sharply defined
sort. The same description applies to the
relations of France, the Netherlands, Portugal
and other peoples of Western Europe with the
natives of the Orient. The more the West
comes into contact with the East the deeper
and wider yawns the gulf between them.

On the other hand, in Russian Central Asia
or wherever Kuasia advances, there is no mis-
understanding between the conqueror and the
conquered, for a common national life pal-
pitates through all like a spring of fresh water
The Asian whom Rusasla assirnilates is a brother
by blood, tradition and ideas, “In our ad-
vance through Asia,” says the Prinoe, “we have
ooly come closer to that which was always
ours” He admits that there are confusion
and lack of system in the government of the
Roissian possessions; but if there be seeming
chaos it applies to the whole mass of people
who are blending into a single body politic,
while the superior administrative faculty which
the Fnglish exhibit in their Asian possessions
applies to two distinct classes, the conquerors
and the conquered, The blood relationship
which some scientific men have tried to estab-
lish, by a process of complicated reasoning,
between the Anglo-Saxon races and the Aryans
of India ls merely a sentimental fiction; but
the historical and ethnological ties that unite
the Russian nation, a mixture of many Asian
peoples as it is, with the lrano-Turaniana and
the ladian races from the Caspian Sea to the
Ganges and Deccan are absolute truth. He
speaks of the cultural peculiarities of Brahman-
ism, Buddhism, Islam and the teachings of
Confucius as utterly dissimilar from those of
Western nations and points out their resem-
blances to those in Russia with ita variety of
creeds and nationalities

lt ia to the interest of Russia that the Western
newcomers should no longer disturb the peace
{in Asia. Russia neither asks for nor desires
any further political changes. But Asia should
not be made to suffer more intensely from the
vast differences that separate it from Western
peoples, The Asiatic organizations, centuries
old, must be no further disturbed, The polictes
of France, Holland and particularly of England
have no humanitarian aims. Burma, Cam-
bodia and Annam have been the last to fall.
China alone remains independent on the main-
land. Should Westero Europe, and England
in particular, overcome and permanently contro)
China, politically decayed and economically
young as that country {s, the Empire would be
quickly transformed into a second India, richer
and far easter to exploit than the peninsula,
The Chinese have long looked to Russia for
moral support, unselfish help and an alliance
for mutua) Interest

Rusata quietly and slowly fortified herself
along the northern steppes and deserts, in
view of the events that are now oocurring.
“Whoever,” saves the author, “thoroughly
studies the existing conditions along our fron-
tiers in Asia will observe that our own peasantry
there breathe in the ideas and faiths of the Fast.
This {s one of many facta showing that
while Western Europe has given us mental
culture and {deas of material progress, it has
scarcely touched our inner life. Beyond the
Caspian and Baikal seas and the Altai Moun-
tains it is almost impossible, to-day, to find
any clearly defined differentiation between the
phases of Russian and Aplatic life. There ts
scarcely any difference between Siberian life
on one side of the frontier and Chinese life on
the other

“Eastern peoples understand and appreciate
this eimilarity {n race and soul. They are
impressed by the quiet and deeply conservative
ideas of the Russians and turn with aversion
from the materialism of the West. Asiatics
believa that Western Europe cares for little
else than material progress, Few Western
Europeans have any conception of the real im-
port of Russia's slow advance for decades
across Asia. They do not realize yet that we
have been blending with the Asiatics on the
ground of similarity of ideas and feeling: and
his accord between our peonle and those of
Asia on the most vital question makes it ex-
tremely easy for us to deal with them.”

Here are two illustrations, among many,
which the Prince gives of this accord: “The
Asiatics believe thoroughly in the principle of
the absolute monarchy. We prize the absolute
monarchy as the dearest of our treasures, and
the peoples of Asia have the same reverence for
thix idea. They belleve it ts the abaolite
monarchy that has given us our unoonquered
strength andthev areright for without itWestern
Europa, with its phvsieal euperlority, might
easily have dismembered and disarmed us as
{t did the Western Slavs. Then again, we sea
striking resemblances {n character and dis-
position between even thelower classes of
China and Japan and the Russian peasantry,
much as they differ in racial origin and in physi-
cal appearance No such resemblances can
be detacted between the peasantry of Western
Furope and the lower classes of the Orient

“The hordes of Asia time and again poured
{nto Russia and overwhelmed it. They devas-
ated, renovated and finally transformed the
land that is now our home into a condition
that was somewhat akin to the present state
of Persia, Turkestan, India and China. Unon
that basis the Russian nation arose, Western
ideas have helped our material progress, but at
bottom in our inner lives and soula and im-
Sat “ancestry. We are true Asiatics to-day
Under the materialistic influence of Western
civilization Russia is ranidly becoming a_reno-
vated Fastern world with which not only our
neorest Asian nela@hbors Wit also China and
India have more bonds and sympathies in com-
mon than with colonizers of any other tyne
It is possible that a most eniichtened nation
will vet arise in Eastern Asta, If so, Ruseta
must be the chief agent In this work of progress,
Russia alone can save Chinafrom the foreign
yeke that means her destruction. The Rua-
sians inherited from their ancestors a spectal
mission as leaders in the East and others must
pot attempt to usurp this place.”

 

 

Living Baremeters.

Among the smaller animals several are so
sensitive to changes from heat to cold, from dry
to molst, that they foretell these changes some
time in advance. One of these, the tree frog, is
used at this day in Germa*y as a barometer.
It ia placed ina tall bottle with a little wooden
ladders) Thesteps of the ladder mark, as it
were, the degrees, The frog always eoea up to-
ward the top in fine weather and lower down at
the approach of bad weather,

The leect: kept in a bottle of water also makes
a gooi barometer, indicating what sort of
weather is coming in the next twenty-four
hours, accord ng ae it remains at the bottom or
at the top of the water or moves uneasily
about

He is also |
of the |

statis epeciicemeaniaiiahicinaieiiiaealanictinnilideinitattts

| ( considerable distances
we are what might be expected from | here from co 4 ‘

  

      

DE REGNIER ON AMERICA.

——-
All Oar Cities and Towns Are Ugly—Oar
Raliroad Accommodations Wretched!

Travelling impressions, like figures, are
“mercenaries that can be taken into any ser-
vice,” and, as the wide world wags, the oppor-
tunities to pick out the good and the bad features
in every land present only the embarrassment
of the cholce, That choice, unfortunately, ts
seldom made with sound judgement and good
taste. And here we must put upon the stand

M. Henri de Régnier, the poet who in this coun- |

try recently delivered some Interesting lectures
to our college students, In the Gaulofa ho
printa some queer criticisms of America and

things American, The death of Mr, C. P.
fluntington, the multi-millionaire, gave M
de Régnicr this golden opportunity. “From

nothing,” he says, “he obtained something
which in America ts every thing—tiches,

“America is proud of her rich men because
they are a sort of national product, the vist-
ble evidence of common effort. In a country
whose ideal is money the possession of it in
great amounts is almost a dignity or at least
an example and an encouragement. Ger-
many glories in Goethe or in Wagner, Italy
in Michael Angelo or in Dante, while France
has many selections in the domain of genius
where the spirit of the race can be honored,
America follows in the same line: but she knows
very well that the few great artiste she pro-
duced are only hers by accident. Conse-
quently her national pride turns to those who
best represent her veritable asjtrationa, to her
mighty men of money. To them alone she
renders her most sincere homage

When a stranger crosses the Atlantic one of
the first pleasures that Americans promise him
is that of being able to trave! immense distances
in perfect comfort. ‘Railroad travelling in
America,’ they say, ‘has none of the Inconvent-
ences that it presents in Europe. .You are not
shut up in a wagon without air and without
You can sleep as you would in your own
bedroom. You can @at and smoke in comfort
and enjoy every luxury. Our enormous loco-

motives will bring you rapidly across the plains
of the Union and over the mountains. You will
travel from the lakes to the forests, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, and enjoy the chang-
ing scenery, and climates,’ .

“It was after just auch promises that J twice
crossed the American continent on different
railroad lines Certainly American scenery
is not without its beauties. One feels tn its
interminable plains and in its vast prairies
all the charms of monotony. Even the soli-
tude of the sandy deserts of Arizona is not
without its grandeur. The mirage enables
you to run parallel with an, imaginary lake
which appears distant and fugitive through
the innumerable bushy trunks of the virgin
cactus. The violet-colored_ mountains close
the horizon. _The pines of California and the
green oaks of Louisiana are noble treea. The
yellow waters of the Mississipp! rush along,
strong and powerful he great Salt Lake
is blue and gray. Lake Michigan displays its
ever varying waves. Surely that country
formerly must have been grand and beau-
tiful when the rivers, the savannas,
the foresta and the lakes had sole possession of
it So it is wherever one sees it in ite primitive
solitude Rut the towns have spoiled tt The
towns are the ugly, disfiguring spots of Amer-
ica, and they are multiplying from day to day
Some of them. onlv ten years old, have become
immense. The extraordinary Chicago is an
example of these sudden and wondrous growths
It dates from yesterday, and already it seems
eternal. It is the Rome of business, just as
New York is the Carthage Nothing can be
uglier than New York or Chicago, because they
have not that provisional air which makes us
forgive our Furopean cities their docks and
their factories. But in New York and Chicago
the docks and the factories constitute the cities

sroper, with the smoke, the noise, the method.
cal numbering of the streets and the division
by squares of the houses Evidently all this is
intentional, as can easily be seen from the way
the sare disposition is renroduced all over the
country, from the great city to the emall town,
and evén to the little village. Go from the East
ty the West and you will find this same condl-
tion always in evidence, the same ugliness due
to hasty and utilitarian conetructiqn Even
Washington itself, the official city, the most
‘architectured’ town in the Union, can please
nobody who admires anything better than a
wretched copy of the antique, like the Wash-
ingtonian Capitol

“To all these disappolotmenta another muet
be added: The boasted travelling comforts
{n America are not what they are represented
tobe. How can one sleep on the horrid little
bed that the traveller gets in a car which con-
tains at least thirty of them, all occupled, be-
eanee the trein ealled ‘limited’ is ordinarily
full from gnd to end? You are half smothered
behind a heavy curtain. When you get up
you find the wash room occupied br a gentle-
man who takes his ttme You will find the
same gentleman in the amoking room and in
the dining room, or in his seat before his little
portative table, drinking soda and whiskey
or plaring cards with a partner.

“Surely the narrow French rallroad car,
with only eight persons at most, is far more
comfortable, There you have to deal with
your travelling companions only. But on
American trains you have thé entire crowu
of travellers for companions, That lasts four
or five days; and toward the end of the journey
the nigger waiter is bound to become quite
familiar with you, if you are weak enough
not to treat him in the American fashion, that
is tosay, very rudely.

“Of course there is a parry for all thie misery.
It consists in hiring a sort of cabin car where
a rich man can be alone or take with him the
ever faithful vis-a-vis of riches, ennui.”

M. de Régnier is a very nice gentleman, and
although he seema to be in A oredr we will tell
him a little story, the moral of which must be
left to his own keen perception, Once upon a
time there as an English traveller, He came
to this country,remained here a whole week ancl
then returned to England with an American
friend, Landing on the docks of Liverpool, h
tapped his Yankee chum on the shoulder, potnt
proudly to the heavens and excl aimed triumph-
antly: “Here you will find none of your damned

blue skies!”
TASTE OF CITY

room.

 

FRUIT.

 

Causes of the Lack of Flavor of Which Some
People Complain.

Everywhere about this great fruit-eating city
the comparative tasteleasness of some of the
fruits whioh in the memory were among the
most luscious of former time is deplored nowa-
days by men, women and children alike,that
{is if the children have had the good fortune
to eat frult where it is grown for home con-
sumption. Some complaints of the disap-
pearance from city markets of the “fruitthat
had a taste” and some speculations as to tha
reason that what is offered no longer is of tne
tasteful variety have appeared from time to
time in Tre Sw.

According to some growers of fruit these
writers have not hit upon the real reason why
the character of the fruits in the city markets
has so greatly changed. It weed to be said by
New Yorkers who ate shad in other places
that there was no shad to equal those taken
from the North River, Just as Baltimoreans
would assure their friends from other parts of
the country that they must come to Maryland
to enjoy terrapin, and Philadelphians spoke
ever of the superiority of Shrewsbury oysters
The philosophic reached the conelusion that
thease varions statements merely meant that the
several gustatory delights mentioned were to be
best enjoved nearest the habitat of each, and
men have lately risen to remark that fruits, too,
must be eaten near where they are grown to have
their excellence properly appreciated, and that
the enlarging city has put the fruit belt too
far away for the markéta to get the fruit in all
its freshness But the fruit growers say that
theee men have not arrived at the real explana-
tion of the matter

The growers point out that the city patrons
demand of fruiterers not only fruit that is
perfectly sound but that, also looks well. To
supply the city demand fruit must be shipped

The prime
requisite, therefore, is for fruit that will stand
transportation and reach the city market
eound and in a shane attractive to the eye.
The effort of growers, therefore, has been to
produce fruit of good keeping qualities. This
has neceasitated getting a fruit of firmness of
texture and firmness of skin

 

These qualities |

  

  

STANDING OF THE CITIES,

Even Growth ef Population tn the Last Ten
Years Shown by the Census,

Whatever expectations there may have been
of radical changes, the fact is now evident
that this year's Federal census, unlike any of
the preceding ones, shows an almost uniform
increase in the population of American cities
and very little change in the relative position
of one city to another, compared with the
enumeration of ten years ago.

Bet ween 1880 and 1890 there were many strik-
ing changes in the position of American efties
as to population, Chicago rose from fourth
to second place, Philadelphia fell from second
to third, St, Louis and Boston changed places,

Boston being the more populous city of the

i in 1800,

have heen cultivated, with the result of the |

production of fruit of A somewhat coarse pulp
and thick coating. In peaches thia is the more
readily noticeable, but It is true also of apples
and rears, Strawherries as raised for the city
markets have suffered In the same way, As
loveapples, tomatoes might be classed with
the fruits, and no vegetable has suffered as
tomatoes have suffered from the same causes
as those that have produced the all but tasteless
wach, Many farmera in the garden belt of
New York, not large fruit growers, but the men
who used to send the prodnee of their orchards
to town, no longer make an effort to sel] their
fruit to buvers for the city, since they cannot
get good prices for fruits, which though super-
for in flavor will not keep in condition long
enough to meet the demands of the city market-
men, It is the fruit of good keeping qualities
that the city markets demand. The city pur-
veyors aro not willing, and probably it is true
that they are not commefcially able, to stand
the loaser entailed in the handling of the deli-
cate varieties of fruit which are so quickly
perishable.

Such is the explanation advanced by some
arowers of fruit, atany rate forthe disappear-
ance of “the fruit that had a taste” from the
markets of New York city.

two in 1880 and St. Louis the more populous
During the decade, Cleveland rose
from eleventh to tenth place, Buffalo from
thirteenth to eleventh, Detroit from eighteenth
to fifteenth, Minneapolis, the most surprising
change of all, from thirty-eighth to eighteenth.
St. Paul rose from the forty-fifth place among
American cities to the twenty-third: Denver
from fiftieth to twenty-seventh. On the other
hand, Charleston, 8S. C., fell from thirty-sixth
to fifty-third place and Hartford from forty-
third to fifty-fourth. Omaha increased from
30,000 to 139,000 population, and Los Angeles,
Cal., from 11,000 to 50,000

So for as the cities are concerned the census
of the United States for 1900 {s practically
complete and shows few of the changes that
marked the census of ten years ago. Tho wix
chief cities of the country, New York, Chi-
cago, Philadelphia, St Louis, Roston and Bale
tlinore remain in exactly the same postition as
ten ago, Something unprecedented in
the history of the country Two cities, Cleve-
land and Buffalo, have, by the operation of tke
causes the development of railroad bustle
hess in Connection with the Lake trade— gained
some in position: instead of being ninth and
tenth among American cities respectively
they are now seventh and eighth, and the two
citles which exchanged places with them,
San Francisco and Cincinnati, occupy ninth
and tenth places respectively Among the ten
citles of the United States which were at the
head of the list ten years ago, there is not one
which has fallen out of that place.

For eleventh and twelfth places Pittsburg
and New Orleans have moved, Pittsburg one
point up and New Orleans one point down.
The thirteenth place, occupied by Washington
ten years ago, is now taken by Detroit, the
folrteenth by Milwaukee and the fifteenth by
Washington. Louisville has moved a point
up, from nineteenth to eighteenth place, and
Jersey City, possibly through its proximity
to New York, has moved up also. Minneapolis
and St. Paul have moved down to make way
for them

An illustration of the evenness !n the growth
of population during the past ten years is given
by Rochester and St. Paul, two cities {n differ-
ent parts of the country which have little in
common, but share the general growth
and prosperity of the country at this time.
Ten years ago, Rochester had a population of
183,086 and St. Pauk had 183,156 After ten
years, Rochester now has 162,425 and St. Paul
162,633 ‘The increase of population in the two
cities has practically been the fame: but be
tween 1880 and 1890 Rochester gained 47,000
and St. Paul 92,000

A NOISELESS RING GAME,

A Game to Be Played With the Rubber Rings
of Preserve Jars.

The amall rubber rings that are used in every
household with which to seal preserve jars may
be made the means of much amusement when a
lively game is desired for the amusement of
friends. First obtain asmooth head of a flour
or sugar barre!, and see that the pleces are all

fastened together, forming a cir: ular board, or
any smooth board about a «quare foot in size
will serve the purnoss

Procure ten coat hooks of medium sige and

years

 

 

seoure them into the board, and mark
above — each hook {ta number, ranging
from No. 1 to No. 10. A hole may be

made in the p pore end of the board, or a screw
eye inserted by which to hang it upon a nail

tn fhe wall. : -
No 10 is sort of a “bullaeye,”’ and each player
having three of the rubber rings, Piakes

turnsin throwing them from a position about
ten feet away, endeavoring to ‘‘hook" as many
on the board as possible. Aacore is kent of the
points gained by each plaver, the one first get-
ting 100 points being the winner. However, ex-
actly 100 poin's must be made. Fr insiance,
{f a payer has 99 he has to work for “Houk
No. 1,"" as any other hook wold carry him over
the mark. This difficulty adds to the interest
of the game.

An advantage of the game ia that no nolse ts

ace nor damage done by the rings, and it may

improvised by any boy or girl.

Foreign Notes of Real Interest.

No tmmediate Scotch whiskey drought need be
feared in spite of recent disturbances fn the industry.
There are 104,636,404 gallons now ripening tn bond
in Scotland, an increase of more than 70 per cent
over the amount held five years ago.

Berlin's highest bullding, apart from the churehes, ts
the 318 foot high ohimney of the electric elevated road
power-house. Only two church steeples surpass ft,
that of the new cathedral, 330 feet, and that of the
Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, 340 feet

Uruguay's population, according to the census
taken March 1, {s about 900,000 For the whole of
the republic. except Montevideo, the offclal returns
are; Uruguayans, 500,165; foreigners, 90,199, and

6 per cent added for possibile omi«sions, making
647,518. The present estimate for Montevideo is
252,713.

A collection of the autograph correspondence be-
tween John Ruskin and Mr. Rawdon Brown, who for
many years was British Consul at Venice, has been
presented to the British Museum by Mr. Cavendish
Tentinck. The correspondence covers a period of
over fifty years, including the time when Ruskin was
prosecuting his art studies tn Italy

Hans Richter will conduct four of the Bayreuth
performances of ‘'Parsifal” next year, according tothe
London Dally Chronicle, He has never yet conducted
the opera, On the other hand the Berlin newspapers
atate that Frau Cosima Wagner has made arrange-
ments with Herr Muck of the Beriin Opera House to
conduct all of the seven ‘‘Parsifal’’ performances,

London's Lord Mayor has received over $7,500,000
{n public subscriptions in the nine months of his ten-
ure of office. The contributions are: forthe Trang
vaal War fund, $5,900,000; for the South African
refugees, $850,000; for the City of London Impertal
Volunteers, $585,000, forthe Indian Famine fund,
81,700,000 and for the Ottawa Fire fund, $270,000,

A Swiss genius bas (nvented a pith cloak we'ghing
about one pound which will bold up a fully equipped
soldier on the surface of the water Successful ex-
periments were made recently on the Lake of Zurich.
Theeloak ts provided with waterproof pockets tn
which food ond drink may be carried as wellas blue
lights, In case the wearer Is tpwreckedin the night.

  

Atthe last general electionin Great Aritatn 3,407,000
Totes were cast at an average cost of *2 cents per vote
for legitimate expenses, in the English counties the
cost was $1.22 and in the boroughs 4 Fach
Welsh vote cost $1.06 to cast: [mn Seotland the cost
wan $1.54 in the counties and A9 cents in the horoughe
and {n Ireland 70 cente in the counties and 51 cents
in the boroughs. There were 1,151 candidates for
670 seats In the House of (

cents.

ommons

Réfane, the actress, is trying to protect her name
against the ageression ofadressmaking establishment
that calls tself "Mme, RéJane.” She has written to the
newspapers and may take the matter ‘nto the courts,
The question of proprietorship will be a puzzling
one, for though none of the dressmaking partnere
has a name at all like Réjanc, the actress herself,
also assumed the name, as she was legally Gabrielle
Réju before she became Mme. Pore!

Paris has been running to see a new pianoforte
prodigy, a Spanish baby of 8'. years, named Peptte
Rodriguez Ariola, who, thouch his hand can stretch
over only five notes, repeats pieces that he hearse and
improvises besides. As he cannot strike a chord
he plays the notes instead quickly one after the other.
He began to play a year ago and lias been Inspected
recently by the Paychological Congress at the Eze
position, which finds that apart from his muste he
is a perfectly normal infant. Of course he cannot
tead a note.

Mr. Arthur James Balfourts looked upon as Lord
Salisbury's successor in the oMce of Lord Warden of
the Cinque Ports, but his appointment will be deferred
Ull the dissolution of Parliament, as otherwise he
would have to resign his seat and seek a reflection on

accepting an office from the Crown. The Cinque
Porta people will not regret the Marquis of Salisbury,
as he has vory prely visited Walmer Castle, the
Lord Warden's official residence They expect that
Mr. Balfour will stay there most of the UUme, es ex-
ecllent golf inks are Feet ot band