{
]

a ee

as

~~
er

GALVESTON HAD WARNING.

MANY OTHER ISLANDS IN THE GULP
HAD SUFFERED HER FATE.

Pwenty Thowsand Lives Lost and 8100,-
000,000 of Property Destroyed in the Same
Way—Many Cities and Villages Wiped Out
by Floed in the Last Twe Coeutartes.

New ORLEANS, Sept. 14.-The desiruction of
Galveston by the storm of Sept. 8an19 supplies
further eyidence that the low-lying sand islands
fringing the shores of Mississippi, Louisiana
and Texas, fora distance of nearly ene theu-
rand miles, were never Intend d for human
habitation. Tie evidence has been secured ata
frightful sacrifice of lifeend property, for it is
eatimated hat more than 20,000 lives have been
lost and nearly $100,000,0 0 of property has been

@estroyed on thee islands by hurricanes

Yeland after isiand has been the scene of

destruction, its population either wiped

out or the (eland Itself washed away.

Galveston was frequently threatene! before,

 

and warned of the fate, but the p-ople believed |

that their breakva‘er and substantial buildings
would be able to defy the storin, The Galves-
ton borror ts the twelfth of ite kind in the sand
fslai ds of the Gulf. It ia the worst In loas of
Hfe and property, because a city }ad been built
on Galves'on Islind; but, the other disasters
were equally bad, or at least propor'ionately
bad, and in mest cases the percentage of saved
was even «emaller than at Galveston.

The record of the loss of \ife goes back to a
time before the white man landed on these

shores. When Blenville and Ibervill>, two cen- |

turies ago, occupied this country they found
upon the island where they landed opnosite
where Mobile now stands the bo es of hundreds
of the aborigines. The French thonght that
the unburied bodles indicated a massacre, and
80 called the isiand Massacre Island; it is Dan
phine Island to-day. It wasa massacre, no’

human hands but by come mghty storm, whic)
overwhelmed the Ir dian population and wiped
{t out of existence, It left a memory behind
which the natives never forgot, and the Gulf
islands were to them a haunted piace never to
1@ visited, in spite of the fact that they teemed

with game. When the French settled there |
they found the Islands wholly udin-
habited; the Indians hd learned what

has lear ed since, how unsafe
they are for human settlement Nor were the
French long in learning this lesson, for
within two yeare of their settlement on the

the white man

Gulf coast, in the very beginning of the eigh- |

teenth oentury, their fleet went down in 4
hurricane in the magnificent harbor of Isle des
Varseeaux, now transla ed into Ship Island,
Bhip Island ts a'm st id ntical in most nar-
ticulars with Galve ton I¥! nd, and it has been
the aim of the people cf Missistippito bulda
great port lke the Texas city, which
would handle th»
the control of New Crieans. The project has been
popular for half acen'urv, and a great deal of
money has been expended on it There fs @

tere,

splendid barbor on Sip Island, and by
connecting it with the muiniind, as Gal-
veston was connected in Texas, a deen- |
water port could be obtained, A_ rail-
road has been built from the mainland
into the interior of Mississippi, and
all that Is now needed is to eonnet
the island with the shore by means of

a pier or br deve This bas been repeatediy
proposed, but never done, mainly for flnancial
reasons. The destruction of Ga'veston will have
a tendency to deay if not to blll the project,
particularily asthe Galveston storm washed
away a portion of Ship Island

Stretching from Mobile to the Rio Grande isa

long fringe of island: differins vary little from }

eneanother, Ind-ed, any of them might pass
tor Galveston Isiand, so alike are they, the only
difference being that some of the eastern ones
have trees whereas west of the Atchafala\a
they are generally bare and ope), and there-
fore more Cangerous being exposed to the
wazes and wind They range from ten to
twenty miles long andfrom one to two miles
wide. They are composed almost excl-ively
of sand underiaid by clay or quicksands,

covered in part with @ coaras, scragey
nea grass. They begin at Dauphine Is-
land and stretch westward as follows:

Petit Bois, Hors, Deir, Ship, Cat, the Chan-
deleurs, Breton, Bird, Grand, Timbali-r, ( ail-
lon, Last Island (orginally one island, but cut
{nto two by the great storm o° 1857), Marah,
Galveston, Matagorda, St. Joseph, Mustang
and edie. Cheniére, (aminada and Indianola
are in reality islands, although technically not
known as such, being separated irom the main-
land by swamps always under water.

AL ove time or another every one of these
islands has been sruck by @ burricane and
depopulated and changed or modified in shape

They will change their appeirance entirely ina |

As a consequence most of them are
populaiion to-day, at in the
Indian days when, notwithstanding the
game onthemn, A few charcoal burners and
cattle men Iive on (at Island
mainly fr quented by fishermen, for thy are
fine fishing s ations
Chendeieur Is ad, as it ts called, isthe wo 4t.
It may have been an isiand once; itis an archi-
pelago to-day. F
a breakwater to the
Orleans it catches all the

night
without stable

around
ond has been

country
stooms

the scene of more wrecks than perhapsany other |

place in the country. Orginally forty or fifty
miles long, the storms and the coean have out it
up into a score of i#'ands, and its form changes
with every hurricane. It has corupletely
ehanged its character sithin bistorical times

and is apparently being washed away and iikely |
The water:
now pours over it with every storin and the |

i

to become in time a mere reef

\a'and cisappears co. petely from view, buried
inder the Gulf. Originally covered with wax

myrties, from which the Creoles made their |

candles, hence its name (Chandeleur), it now
roasts Of nothing bul marsh grass a dasingle
paim tree which by some etrange freak of
chance bas survived all the hurricases.

Some years ago the United States Govern-
ment, on the persistent demands of the people
of Louisiana and Mississippi, extablished its

Gulf quarantine station on Chandeleur island, in |

what was suppo'+d to bea very safe spot. In

the storm of 1886, which may be calied the
Sabine Passe -torm, since it was the Sabine Pass
country that was overwhelmed that year, the

quarantine officers had just time to get away
from the station. When the physicians went

back to look for their station they could not
The very site had disap-

find a trace of ft
veared, and a few battered pieces of wor
picked up on the coast and supposed to be the

wreckag’ of the quarantine station were the

only remvants ever found, The station was
never rebuilt, but moved to Ship Is and. Chan-
deleur Island i wholly uninhabited to-day, and

‘ts sole occupants, except birds, area species of
wiid boars, which seem to have some way of

defying the elementa. The other islands, Frrol,

Bird, &e., stretching to the roouth of the Missis-
aippi, are but pieces of Chandelour that have
been separaiel trom the main island by v olent

storms which have torn it to pieces

West of ths Missi eppi come the islands which
have suffered mostin t e Gulf burri anes, for
nany attempts have been mad- to seitle them,

Grande Terre, the first of there, was«f old the

haunt of that amous Louisiana pirate, La-

Atte, and it ie a curious coincidence that Lafite,
after being driven from the siand py the United
have
Galveston Issand, where he

States Federal should to
sought refuge in

Sourished for several years, the island then be-

authorities,

lensing to Spain and Leing whoidy uninhabited

and Witbout the pale of th» law

Weat of Grande Terre is (irande Isle, and im-

mediately adjacent thereto Chéniére Caminada

Grande Isle has been visited by a dozen storms
whie
the Island was | Thent @ wind veersd around to the north and

and sev rely ravoged by them, but
nearly all the property on

 

commerce and freethem from |

| for many miles back of the town.
| north wind drove it seaward with a force ‘hat

rhe others are |

Of the entire lot, perhaps |

cing southeast and acting aa |
New |

suffered. The bodies of only a few of the dead
were recovered. The great majority were
swept out to sea, ondj many were found by
vessels fifty miles distant from the shore *
Went of these islands come he group ef Tun-
balier, Caillou and Last or Dernitre Island,
They were the victims ef the Last Island storm
| ef 1857, se named from the tkland which wus
the worst sufferer, just as the storm of 1876
| was the Indianola storm, thit of 1486 the
| “abire Pass storm, thatof 1893 the Chéniére
| Caminada storm, and that of 1900 the Galwes-
Lon storm.
| The Last Island storm was momorable be-
cause of the large number of prominent persons
drowned. |.aa( lsiand was @ pleasure resort at
the time and the hotel there was crowded
with prominent Louistanians, The storm that

destroyed it was like all the others
in ite origin and action A_ violent
wind drove up the water In the bays

baok of the sland, pillng \t ten or twelve fest
| high there. Then it veered from south to north,
driving the waters back on the Gulf with a force
that svept every th. ng before it and out te sea.
The windand the waves out the isiand in half,
| and where the fash'onable Last Island Hotel

once stood is now a partof the Gulf of Mexico.
| There were only 28 viotime ef the Last Island
| storm, but they Incluced the Lieutenant-Gov-
| ernor of Lo (slana, the Speaker of the state
| House of Represontatives and many others
| prominent fo the pelitical and social history of
the Siate

Westof Last Island the tslands are too!ow and
soft for hursan habitation and in consequence
they have never been settled. They bave
| gone under with every atorm, but it has fortu-
| nately been without loss of life, Near the Texas

line, some twenty yeare ago, a larse number of
| farmers settled on Johnson's Bayou. Itis what
would be called high land on the Gulf, ris ng six
fect above the water, The sertlere planted
orange treed and soon had some 0 the beat

every ove of the neighboring islands having ceded again, the water was driven eastward

|

'

|

| groves in the State; but ir 1886 a tornado struck |

them and the settlement was annihilated and
; some 250 persone killed in fventicall: the same
| way as at Last Inland) The wind drove the
water into theswemp back of the bayou. then
changed from south to north and swept the
land away into the Gulf
Afew miles frorn Jehnson’s Ba: ou {5 Sabine
Poss, which met with a similar disaster, The
water piled up in Sabine Like and dathed down
on the town, which is situatedon a peninsula or
sland, at the mouth of the lake. It was com-
pletely awent away, with «reat loss of life
There is a Sabine Pass to-day, the terminus of
a railroad, and a great der of anxiety pre
vailed in regsrd to it durng the Guiveston
| storm of the other dav, but ft isan entrely
| new town and some distance from the town
wrecked ip 1486
Next comes Galveston, and hevond that is In-

|

 
 

dianola, whib, a though theoretically en the |

mainiand, is practically an island, The burri-
cane which swept over the Gulf coast in October,

1875, strock Indianola just as the oth r storms |

have struck Galveston, Last Island, Sabine Pass,
Johnson's Bayou, Chéniére Camintda and
' other exposed points, Indianola at that time

| was a town of «about four thousand
pecple and the terminus of an tmpor-
tant rairoud system, It was a rival

of Galveston and deemed a dangerous rival
or the trade of western Texas. It was si'uated
at the head of @ long bay, on land, like that at
Galveston, only a few feet above tidewater,
and behind it there was such a re! work of bays,
bayous and smal! lakes t'at it was really an
island. [he water was backed up by a con-
tinuous wind to an extraordinary heignt, and
‘Then the

wee irresistible, and only three houses wera

left standing in the town. It virtually killed

Indianola, which is emailer than it was forty

years ago; andita herbor t* completely ruired

Such has been the experience that Galveston
had before it; but in no wise daunted it has
gone to work to build up @ great city on the
low sand epit that juts eut into Galveston

Bay. It was not a bit safer than ang of the

other Gulf islands: indeed, it is not #0 safe as

many of them. Cat Island its eovered with
| trees, whose roots bind together the ground;

Ship [sland rises in places forty ‘eet hich It ts

true that these are mere sand dines, able to

be swept awsyin aetorm, but they afforded
at least a refuze from the water, when
the wind drove itover the island, and the lal-
ands are broader. Galveston I land is aniy
five feet high at beet above the waters of the
Gulf, only one er at mos! two miles wide, prac
ticclly useless, with a foundation of salt, clay
and quicksand, But at thie sand spit some
| 60,000 persons settied and Invested $30,000,400
in building up one of the pretticst and nio-t
prosperous townsinthe Seuth Galveston has
for years boasted of being the wealthiest city
per capita in the Southwest, and was p oud 0”
the fact tha’ Strand street slone powme-sed
twenty-eight millionaires

But all this prosperi'y was built on a quick-
' and,
did everybody in the Southwest; bul aa year
| after year passed and Galveston escaped ruin
in the atorins which desolated or destrered
neighboring istandsaapirit of confidence was
aroused that it would altogether escape; that
the town waa too substantially built, tao wel
protected by breakwaters to be ruined, as the
leas solidy built Indianola had been ‘Ihe
grade of the principal streeta was raised a few
feet and the pevements were deemed 4 further
protection against the waves and likely to pre-
vent the washing a*vayof the ground. But
| there were some who doubted, who bull
their houses ike the dwellers upon Lake Mara-
caibo, ten feet from the ground, mounted high
0) poles, so that the sea could sweep under
them if it roee toe high and not flood the floors.
And atevery Gulf burricane there were anx-
| fous inquirtes whether Galvesten had got
through it without injury.

There was good cause fer thease inquiries; for
while Galveston escaped serious damage from
these tornadoes it was only because the storm

struck somewhere else and Galveston didnot
aetits fullbrunt, andin al! the oases {it hada
very narrow escape. In 1857 the entire isinnd
was flooded, and the waters of Gavesten Bay

appeared from view; but the to: n was thena
small one, andthe loss of life was inconsider-
able Inthesterm of Oct 3, 1867, Galvesten
again rentunder water, the Gulf p uring ever
{tao that Mechanic street the pring nal business
thoroughfare, was six ‘eet deep—and it then was
on the edge of the atorm and did not catch ita
full (oroe. Again, in 1871, it was twice beneath
the waters, firstin June and aguin in Septem-
ber, one flood coming from the waters of the
Gulf, the other when the water waa piled up in
the Bay until t swept throug) the principal
streets back to the Gu fol Mexico. In October,
1873, and in September, 1875, and December,
1877, the town was agaln flooded.
Thus five times in ten years Galveston was
awept by tie waves and becume a second
Venice, all of its streets being from two to five
feet under wat r. All of those storms were
severe and did great damage, although Galves-
' ton caught only their fringe. B.t the storm of
1875 was by far the worst and Galvesto then
escaped by only an hour, perhaps, the disaster
which has visited lt to-day. Had no the wind
changed at the very moment it threatened to
destroy the Island City the latter wuld have
probably been swert inte the Gulf with »reat
loss of life. The storm did Galveston an tm-
menee amount of damage, and there were lives
ost all along the Texas coast, but the city es-
caped a great catastrophe. A strong south
; wind piled the waterup in Galveston Ba» until
' in Buffao Bayou, near Hourton, it reacheda

wight of thirty-seven feet. Forty persons were
drowned in and around Galveston. Mergan's
dredging fleet was sunk, the Government
works ewept away and incalculable harm done

wrecked in 1898 and many lives lost, It eecaped | all this immense mass of water was thrown back

wholerale destruction thanks to

a @tove of

on Galveston Island. In twenty-five minutes it

oaks planted many years ago, whose roo'sact | had cut th= {sland im half, making a ohann |

iS a Bort of ‘eveeor prottion to the land
Not so for unate |
. ust across th
tant
of Oct. 2, 1893

channel and o}1

Chéniére Caminada, lying
two miles dis-
It Was the worst victim of the hurricane

250 feet wide and 25 feet
eod, near Fort Point,
yond the built-up portion

Tie land washe: away like

and just
of the tsiand
so much sugar,

At that pont alone,in a fish- | and it was evident that the entire isiand would

ing village known as Caminadyile, no jess (nan

1,180 lives were lost, and 1,678 were lost in ak, |
4

be swept into the Guif, but just as the new-
wade cham@el reasoned the city the wind re

|

The people of Galveston knew this as |

and Gulf met over itso thatit completelr dis- |

deep at the east |
he- |

*

THE

 

and passed out through Galveston Pass. It |

the narrewest of escapes, for fifteen min- |
utes moreof that nerth wind wou d probably
bave carried a hundred houses out to sea
and drowned every occupant. The ehannel
cut by the wterm of 1875 etill remains as a warn-
ing of danger to every ene en the island unless
it was destroyed In the storm the ether da.

Two years afterward, in 1877, another storm
destroved the Government works at Galveston |
harbor, but the ‘own escaped any very great)
injury. The storm of 1886, which destrored |
Subl-@ Pass and Johnaton Bayou, was the last
serious one to visit Galveston; and again thas
town was flooded

These storms explain to @ large extent the
present Galveston disaster, It bred a feeling
of desperate confidence among the people that
no storm could injure Galveston, When, there- |
fore, the hurricane struck it on Saturday, ins |
stead of seek ng places of safety they shut
themaelves {no their houses and waited for the |
storm to blow. They knew, of course, that the
streeta would be under water, but the streets |
had been under water so often befere that this
did not carry the sam» signifieance to them as
it would to the people of other cities But this
time the storm, which had dodged around Gal-
yeston so often before, struck the island fairly
and squarely. This confidence caused the |
great loss of !'fe. At Sabine Pass and ether
places which euffered from the reoent hurricane
the people sought refage on the higher ridges,
or congregatedin the stronge’ buildings; but
in Galveston they shut themselves up In thelr
houses and ware trapped like «o many rats.

It wili be soma time before it is powib @ to de-
termine what effect the storm has hadon the
island proper anion Galveston Ray and the
fetties. Apparently the island is less hurt than |
by thy storm of Sep! 17, 1875. whan thesouthern |
portion of it was cut off but it is not certain |
that it has e<eaped permanent iniury, for it is |
covered everywhere by sea ooze. As for the |
bay and the jetties, upon which the United |
States Government expended $8,000,000, to |
whic’ Galveston owes go michof its present
prosperity. only a careful examination cap dix
close whether they have b en isfuredor not, |
Judging by the experienos of Indianola, Sabine |
Pass and other places the chances are thatthe
whol: character of the bay and the eurround- |
ing country has been changed by the storm |
But it has proved once c@ain thatin their prea- |
ent condition the a:nd {slands of the Guif were |
never made for se\tlement |

|
‘

 

SAW THE STORM'S TERROR,

A St. Louts Man Tells a Clear and Therough
Stery of the Storm.

rt. Lovis, Mo, Sent. 13.—Adelbert Beecher of |
4531 Cook avenve and Armand F. Alphonso of |
1915 Warren street, Pullman car conductors
running to Galveston ever the Missourl, Kansas |
and Texas Raiiread, arrived teme this morn- |
ing. On their last run South ther reached Gal-
ves‘on on Satu day merning and were there
throughout the storm. Mr. Beecher sava: |
|
!
|

 

“When the water recedes to ite norma! stage
anda consus ismade of the dead and an aw
counting taken of the propertw losses the total
will ba feund to be greater than anybody has |
yetimagined But when the character of the
storm ts considered itis wonderful that any- |
thing in its path escaped death or wreckage. I
was in the St. Louia cyoione, but It had buta
mite of the destrucNve power that raged over
Galveston for three hours. The wind was only
apartof the wracking force ef thesterm. Thea
measurelese waters of the sea were {ts ally and
undermined and churned into bits what it falled
to overfurn

When Lreached Galveston Saturday morning
the indications of the hurricane were in the
air, but there was no warning that {t wasto
have euficient strength to wreck ‘he city. After |
Ihod registered at the Tremont House and
changed my clothing [went down to the beach. |
The b eaters were bounding high, and even |
then it was apout 11 o'clock, the waters were |
beginning their march on the city. AtSo'clock |
in the afrernoon | again walked down to the
beach. The water had mide considerable prog- |
reas on its mareh, for the gauge showed that it
was iivee feet higher up the beach thanit
should be. |

“An hour later the threatening clouds beran
to peurouta deluge. It wassucha rain asone
sees but once ina lifetime. It fell in sheets and
the vision could net -enetrate it more than 20
yares. Atth* same iime the wind increased |
its velocity from 45 miesto 75 milesan heur. — |

“Atbo'clock thesituation bevan tetakeona |
serious aspect inthe mindsof the neeple. The !
water had mds its way threuch ali the streets
of the city and the velocity of the wind was |
rising. It was perhars blowing eighty miles an
hour at that time. At 6 o'clock the water was
even with the street curbs. It was as black as
midn ght out of doors.

“It was at this hour that the storm broke on
the city in all ts fury. The wind suddenly be-
came cyclonic in ita velecity, sweeping at the |
rite of 126 miles an hour. The rain fell in great
spo its, and the roar of wind and water was
deafening. Twe hundred persona shut off from
their homes sought refuge atthe hotel. The
aue'taof the Tremont House sat secure inthe
lobbi-s, They knew the sterm waa on but little
drenmed of the ruin it was working. They
told joves, laughed, danced and made merry, |
while death held a carnival in less fortunate |
seouona,

GRUAT FEAR CAME UPON THEM

SUN.

| losses w.li not be a serious matter

| adult white men killed is compa atively small, |
| and of these the percentage who had their lives

 
 
   

ioe was felt by every one. The sun had shone
for two dayson the elimy streets and rotted
the vegetable matter left by the sea. The,
bodies, too, had begun (o decompose. Early on |
Tuesday afternoon relief began to arrive. |
Water and provisions and surgeons and nurses
came. The hungry and thirsty were fed and
given drink, and the wounced attended to.

“l left the city on Tuesday afternoon, At
that time it was thought that the list of dead
would ec oced 6,090 and would probably run up
to 10,000. Inno case is the property damage
estimated at leas than $10,000,000 »nd by some
itis thought it will) amount to $12,000 000."*

Alphones was with Besoher throughout the
storm. The only experiences he had that did not
fall te Beecher happened while his train was
crossing the bridge te Galveates over the bay.
The waves rolled se high that the spray entered
the car windows and threatened to extinguish
the fires in the engine. The bridge rocked and
the passengers and eraw were greatly fright-
ened. It seemed that the bridge would surely |
collapae before the train should pass over it.
However it did net fall until the storm fell on
the city late in the afiernoon.

 

SAYS THE PORT 18 NOT RUINED.

Congressman Hawiey Says Galveston Must
Balld Like Other Places and All Will Be Well.

Gatveston, Tex., Sept, 18. —Ceongreseman
R. BR Hawley, who was in the Fast when the |
storm caine, but returned on the first train, |
belleves that Galveston will arise from the
rulne speedily, He scouts the {dea that the |
city hee received a fatal blow.

“Work of vast impertance,"’ Mr. Hawley sald
to-day, ‘is to be undertaken here, on different
lines fr m ‘hose that have been our habit here-
wiere. There are storms elsewhere, storins
ef more frequency and of greaier
intensity. They vi-it the ooast of
England, They blow throughout

 

the Great
Lakes and along the shores of ths Atlantic and
Northern and New England ooas's. If thy
built as we build they would Le down ani out
nearly ev ry year, but they build structures to
stay and we must rebuild our cl'y on differsnt
lines and in a diferent mauner, so that 1 will
reeiat the gale. as the: do,

“It would bean unimaginative and inexpert-
enced mind not to understand that thisisa
@reat seaport It holds the vantage against
every other port of this country for ten millions
of producers and will accommodate miilions
of tonso shipping.

In inviting these millions, as we have, to con-
tinue their business through ‘his port, we must
in our censtructien do it on the same lines em-
ployed by the communities of Boston, Now
York, B ffale and (h.cago, the stability of
which is plainly {ilustrated in some structures
recently erected in our community,

“The port ia all rient. The ever alert engi-
neers in charge of the harlor have already taken
their sourdings The fullest depth of water re-
maine. The jetties, with light reraire are in-
tact, and because of these cond.tions which |
exist newhers else fer the territory and pe ple |
{t serves, the resteration will b» tnore rapid
than may be thought and tie flow of commerce
will he as ereat, and for those who have the
courage and fortitude and foresight to look be-
yond the unhappy events of to-day, as prosper-
ousand seeureasin any part of our prosper-
ous country.”

  
 

 

GALVESTON LIFE INSURANCES.

 

Owing to the Large Namber of Women and
Children Killed the Losses May Be Small.
The question of life insurance is one of the

many features of loss involve. in the Galveston |

disaster. Probab!y never before were so many
people inaciv lized community, where life in-
surance companies are lkely to have a good
many risks. wiped out of existence as were de-

| etroyed by the hurricane wh ch swept the west

aod nort west Gulf coasts on Sept 8 Even
under norinal conditions itis too soon yet for
the conipanies te have received any returns le
enable them to estiinate even a, proximately
what ther losses from desiructon of life
would be, In the chaos which reigna i) Gaives
ton tt will be weeks before any approach te an
accurate basis of «6 imate wil be reached,

In a general way, however, the companies
here in New York are convinoed that their
In the en-
tire Siate of Texas the Equitable Society has
$20,000,000 of money represented fn risks, the
Mu: ual Life, $29,000,000, and the New York Life,
$28,000 000. Naturally, the vroportion of the-e
sums actually represented in Galveston wos
comparatively small. These compa: tes, for one
thing, do not Iineure the lives of negroes, the
great culk of their business being confined te
adul' white men Outof the 6,000 paopie esti-
mated to have been khiiledin Ga veston a4 large
proportion were negrees andast li larger pro- |
portion women and children. In fact women
and ciildren formed the overwhelming ina ority
of the victims. So, eliminating the negroes and
the white women and chi dren, the nuinber of

probably not more than |
twoe |

inaured {. sth. smalier
4 per cert. Itis estimated that at least
thirda of the victims were women and chi'dren,
whieh would leave rometiing like 1,600 adult |
men who lost their lives Whenit isrenem- |
bered that many ef these are negroes who are
not insuredand that of the whites themselves
acomparatively smal! proportion take out life
policies it will be seen thet the number ef thore

| for whose deaths the insurance companies will |

“Inafew moments the water found tte way |
inte the lobby. In an trstant all appearance of |
revelry was banished and fear—the kind that |
men never forget—took possession of the mirth
makers. Onoe the water made an opening inthe
lobpy it poured through in streams. In an
hour it atood three feet deep where tha
questa had been sitting and was etili rising at |
the rate of half an Inchto the mioute, Above
the roar of the -torm ceuld be heard the crash |
o' fall ng buildings, and the hetel, built solidly
as any structure en the island, shook from the
atcaulte of wind and wat+r.

“AtQo’oo-k the velocity of the wird fell te |
seventy-five miles an hour and the water bad
no’ risen any fer twenty-five minutes, It was
ther, fivs feat deep in the lobby. Twenty min-
utes later the water had failen three inches and |
the velocity of the wind stil! further d-creased,

“When Sunday came the aky was stil cloudy
and the wind was biewing in from the era with
considerable velocity, but {twee clear that the
storm had passed. The scene was one of dese-
lation and despair.

“Not ah use in the city had been untouched.
Few were lefteven habitable, The whole ci'y
Was a vast swamp, the waters having filled the
streeta with slime There was nerth ng whole-
some to eat. Theonly provisions left were
oanned goods and they were spo led. There
wasno water todrink Famine and pestilence
walked in the track of the storm.

“All previcions in the city were confiscated on
Sunday by the alithorities, and the survivors
were put on rations. Dead bodies ef men,
women, children and an mals of all kinda lay
promiacuousiy about the streets and on the
beach, but no effort was made to bury them.
With the coming of nigh! ghoula made t etr
apy earance and cirried en a profitable business
in robbing the cead

‘Then xt day theauthoritiee got their bear-

ings Realizing that unless the bodies were
buried immediately they would add to
the threats o° prstilence, they gave the
order \(o throw them inte the sea.

During Monday I counted fifty wagens on

their way to barge landings, eich of them
co taining from six to thirts bodies. |
Ten of th m were inone company. There was |

no effort to identify the dead, They were |
pick -d up on the street and thrown into the sea
as found, with all thelr Jewelry and money on |
them. Armed men were sent about tie city as |
patrola, and on Monday night shot down several
person found roboing bediles.
«The bo lea were net only in evidence on the
island but also in the wa'evs. They could be
seen everywhere. | counted several floating
with the tide om Mo:day afternoon The
ghouls songht them in boats and robbed them
fo the water until the parols began to shoot
hem down as though they were b yond the,
pale of the law. Then they stopped operations. |
“The sufferings of the people on Tuesday be- —
Came acute, The need of water,

| be atall serious

' ly, what thelr loeses are

| River districts,

ous matter, when divided up among a number
of companies for any one company to faoe

Cc. J. Binith of the Mutual Life Company,
speaking on this subjeot yesterday, sald

“Weore absolutely witheut any data what-
ever as to what the loeses will be, but they can-
not, in the nature of things, be lareeenough te |
If there were any henvy in-
dividual insurances in Galveston the chances
are greatly in favor ef the theery that the per-
sons carrying them are notamong the victims,
When aman sable te take out, eay, @ $100,000
insurance policy, he prebably will live in a house |
that is built on a solid foundation and one that

|
|
!
have to pay is not se lurge as to become a seri- |
'
|
|

| will not be tern down by hurricanes.

“The ove ia not parallel to the instano* of the |
fircinaurance losses: wherea large town (a partiy |
or wholly burned up. There nearly everything
borned is apt te be insured, wherea: ina general
destruction ef human I!fe the propertion of the
insured ia mieh smaller,

“But when I easy that the lea<es are not likely
to be numereus in Galvesten I refer more pare

ticularly to the cempanies which confine their
risks asarule toadult white men. Wit the
companies like tie Join Hanoock, the Pride \-
tial and th: Metropolitan, which ins: re the;
lives of women and children theo se would be
different. In mere number the losses of thace ,
companies necessarily Wo. 4d be much ‘greater. |
Yett @ ums for_whie they insure are very
arnall, son ething@t © $200ineach case, so that
while numerically they migh' have along iist
of |omses the total sum involved might be com-
paratively emajl

“Tr necessarily will bea long time before rhe
figureson toewe joeses can be ascertained, It
often happens that entire families, father,
mother and three or four child en, are insured
in these companies. Vere likely there are in-
stances in Galveston of entire familes so neured
be'ng siped out. Inthel n@ run undoubte‘ly
relatives willcome to the front to claim the ine
surance, Ii isan sea ish ng thing how rela-
tives come to light under auch elreumetancea. I
do not now recall a case wher there was insur-
ance money left without a alamant. Bu’ at
Galiveuton, of goures ft will be waefly | nger
than usyal be ore ail he-e claimants are heard
fr and ma y weeks must elapse beforeany
of the ompani-ecan know, even approximate

kely to be.”

 

 

NEW ALASKAN GOLD FIELDS.

Rich Strikes Reported tm the Tanana and
Stewert River Districts.

Vioronta, B. C., Sept. 9.—Advices reoeived by |
the steamer Ce lege City the morning from |
Skagway incicate that the next resort of the
gold ee kere wil. bei the Tananaand Stewart

. The ne seftie rich finds in
the Tanana ie br ught by M. Sinclair, wn> ar-
rived from there by way of Nome, He says
ground bas been found which pays as much as
$i a dartothe man There were 500 men in
the district when he left

5S. Eneaon, who has been proaneoting on the
Stewart River. saya he lieard while there o° bia
finds toward the bead of the river, a nig alluvial
area having been found above where the Mo-
Queslep flowsin. Hesays ‘hat large numbers
are cong and much excitement was beiog
caused. The transportation co panies are i

 

provisions and | Diog to run steamers up the river,

 

—

THE DOWNFALL OF WATSON.

A CLEVER GAMBLER MISSED THE
OPPORTUNITY OF A LIFETIME.

 

 

 

| Impressed by a Yankee Schoolma'am's Appeal

to tils Honor Not to Fleece a Victim He

Reformed—Old Man Greenhat’s Reflections |

on Flying in the Face of Providence,

“There's more tricks lost in the game o’ life
by not bein’ quick enough to take advantage
of your opportunities ‘n any other way 1 know,”
said old man Greenhut, as he came around from
behind the bar and walked slowly toward his
favorite seat by the window. There was @
pleasant emile on his face, which did not seem
to be called for by anything that had happened,
so far as any one else in the room knew, but
which plainly indicated that the old man had
not recently missed any tricks that he knew
about. There had been a Iittle mystery about
a transaction at the bar afew moments befcre,
when Sim Hawkins had missed a half-dollar
that was certainly coming to him in the way of
change Old man Greenhut had just as cer
tainly put the correct change in front of him,
for Joe Peabody, who was drinking with Sim,
had noticed it, but Sim had carelessly swept It
up with one hand, catching {t in the other, and
putting it into bis poeket without looking at

/it as he continued his conversation A litte

later, when he dosired to treat again, he dis-
covered his shortage When he spoke about
it the old man had nothing to say except that
he had laid the change on the bar, and as Joe cor-
roborated this only two hypotheses seemed
admissible. Hither Sim had lost it in some
unaccountable way or it had been left on the
bar and somebody alse had picked it up. Nobody
uggested that the old man had done 6o,
but, a waa said,he was smiling very pleasantly
when he game around in front and made his
remark about taking advantage of one’é op-
portunities

“Thero's a good raany people in this world,”
he continued, after he had put his feet on the
window sill, and had relighted his cigar, “who
don't seem to have no religious sense, an’ who
don’t take advantage of the chances which
Providence puts in their way. Just naturaly
thes don't prosper, ‘Pears like the good Lord
don't have no use for a man that don't take
care of himself when he gets the opyortunity,
an’ after makin’ one or two openin’s 60's to
him, he Just plumb leta go an’
don't take no further concern into his weifare.
leastways that’s the way it looks to me some-
times, considerin’ the onsorutable ways 0’
Providence

“Now there was Charles Watson. Watson
was a good lookin' feller that knowed as mich
as the next man about all the really useful
things of life. Ha could pull a gun exceedin’
rapid when he had oeaston to, though 1 will
say | never knowed him to do it without proper
provocation And he could play @ monstrous
good game of poker. Somehow he hada fac-
ulty in dealin’ that was almost sure to give him
as good cards as he reely veeded, when the
emergency came, as it sometimes will,

“Charles used to play a good deal on the
packets between here and Memphis, an’ 1 have
knowed him to make enough on asingle trip,
‘ust after some o’ the planters had realized on
their cotton crops, to pay all bis expenses on @
weeks’ trip down to New Orleans in the
time, an’ leave him enough for ving
expenses the reat o' the year

“There was always something the matter
with he man, though. Even after he quit
the business an married an’ settled dows
up here in the country, givin’ up as good 4
professional connection as any man could
ask for just to please hia wife, he used to let
things silp that would ha’ made ancther man
with proper prida and entarprise rich. His
wife was @ peaked little thing of a Yankee
schoolmarm that come down this way to teach
in a school in Little Rock, ‘'n’ she was at the
bottom of it all. Women gen'ly do make most
o' the trouble that comes to men, 's far 's I've
notiveed, but anyhow she ruined his career
for him, Leastways it was her and hia own
shatielul ehiflessness that made lim let go
o' some o' the best chances a man ever had

“It was about ten years ago he met her firet
Sears he'd been in Memphis kind o° takin
stock o' what there was runnin’ his way, ‘'n'
while he was there he fell in with Al Busby,
that had a plantation a few miles up the river

from here. Busby had just had his sottle-
roent with his factors lor the year, an’ thoy'd

'
Sort o test

six

winter

le't hin enough out of his crop to make any- |

bedy but @ planter reasonably well
off It was @ great year for cotton, an’ Al
was fnyerin’ the rst really iiportant money
he'd had for many @ year, an’ juet naturally
he was feelin’ pretty. good. There warn't
none o' the Juxuries of lite from champagne
to poker that was too good tor him just then,
started in with the champagne first,
ain’ to have some poker on tie bot
down the river t wore a0 oppor.
for Charles such as a man don't get
6 ju a iifetime an’ he was just cal-
* to spread hitnself out big enough to

eotten

he

an

fi

 

aturally hekept close to Busby till he
Was ready to start for home, ay’ theu he found
it convenient to come on the same bont There
was y other feilers a figertu’ on takin’ pide
sage at the same tine, an’ avout half an Lour
betore the boat started Clharies eave ‘ein notice

 

 

      
 

that he wasn't goin’ to have no interference,
‘Toid ‘em he proposed i » it alone {'r all there
1 was ii it, an’ if ary m yndertook to rough
iin they'd have to deal with him first, There
Was tliree of ‘am ig it, au’ it was certainly a
bold game tor Charles Watson to play, but he

was called the coolest bluffer on the river, an’
he bad Wie pame 0’ makin’ his bluff good in a
care 0 tt is ki d ever) tio e

Moar likely it was cor:siderations o' this
sort that made two out o* the Wiree weaken
directly ( hariea seen at once that be neg i‘t
no trouble to axnect fr'm them, but the other
teller was a obstinate sort o' cuss, an’ he spoke
up, quite impudent like, ‘I don't koow's you
own the River Dello,’ he says. That was the
name o' the boat they was @ comin’ on, *
dou'’t know as you own the River Bella,’ he
rays, &n' 1 reckou I've got the price of a ticket
in way jeans,

“Charlies looked at him for a half a minute
just to nee uf the feller meant what he was sayin
an’ thea he answered, very slow:

“") don't Kiow a) 1 care a damn whether
you go on the Kiver Belle or not, but I havea
particular Oujection to your playin’ poker on
this trip.’

“The other man—Bill Flaskins was his name—
he gort o° laughed, contemptuous, an’ he says,
just as slow

“J ain't in the habit,’ he says, ‘of askin’ per-
mission when I want to play poker, and I alu't
agoin'' hesars, ‘to ask yourn,

“*Phen you intend to play?’ says Charles,
etill very cool

“Yes, an’ be damned to Jou." says Rill,

“'*Thena I'll have to see that you don't,’ says
Charles, ap’ before the words was out of his
mouth he had shot Bill through the tight wrist.

fie howled, oF course, an’ the other fellers
started to draw, which Bill couldn't, for he era
neglected his education an’ couldn't sheot with
his left hand, but Charles had his gun all d
toshoot agalu, an’ they concluded they wouldn’f,

" ‘Now,’ save Charles, ‘we can talk sensible,
You geo to the hospital an’ U{! eetule the bills,
An’ when you come out I'll fight if you want
to, but you unde: stand by this time that I ain't
a goin’ to have po tnterferencein my business,’
An’ just naturally they understood

“That was a situation that aman could take
some satisfaction In. Charles waa a startin
off with a rman chock full o' champagne who
hada!l kinds of money with himan'’ who thought

 

  
 

 

| he eould play poker an’ was hei] bent on doin’

it. It looked ike @ special djepensation o'
Providence, even if (haries had been obliged
to hu-tle some for himeelf, as man gently
does {n order to get Providence to hep him

“Well, just naturally, ‘twant long after supper
that nght when (haries an’ Al waa a settin’
down in the saloon 0° the boat with cards an’
chips, ready for a quiet game. Everything
feerned about as perfect as it could be arranged,
for the Captain wasn't goin’ to interfere, ‘taint
likely, knowin’ Charles as well as he did, and
there waan't no one else that felt cailed on
except that Yankee sechoolmarin

“she was comin’ down the river on that aqme
boat, an’ she passed through the saloon fiat
as the two men was goin’ to set down &he
give one look at them an at the cards an’ she
turned kind o' white, but ehe etepped right up
to (larles as bo das brass an’ sare:

“Excise ine, sir, but may I speak te you for
a mhem ent?

“Just naturally Charles thought at firet that
she wanted to fiirt with him, or to stand in, or
sore such: nonsense, an’ he waa goin’ to give
her a short answer, but when he

she wasn't that sort, am, bein’ a perfect gent la-
man, as he always was, he says, ‘Certainly,
madame,’ as polite asa little deg ietoa big ane,
an’ followed of of te one corner of the saloon

‘*Tell me,’ she says, ‘are you goin’ to gam-

ble with that man?
Le hy no,’ he save, In some eurnrisa ‘We
ain't goin’ to wambie, We're just enin’ to play

poker’ You sae he wasn't on to thoes Eastern
ways of expressin' yourself. Down Fast they
en
monev, #0 [im iod

Well,’ she sacs, ‘I've plaved poker mveelf
for beans, an’ I think it's pretty good fun. But
I've heard so much about gambling on these
boats that I was afraid you were going to plav
for money, and I saw that the other gentleman
‘was intoxicated, so I was goin’ te vell Fou about

er, ooked at her |
he «een somethin’ in hear eves that showed him |

it gamb'in’ when you play any game for |

 

 

 

   

it because I knew you wouldn't try to win his
| money, when be waen't in a condi a te ne

It w ‘ n't be ore ee the
' nowed which one of ‘em

bigs oy A "him or her, but Charles he just

looked at her fer a minute like he'd been struck

dumb, an’ he saya: ‘No, marm, it wouldn't be
fair, We ain't

oin’ to play for money."
| ell then she said she hoped he'd excuse
her and he said he would, an’ she went to her
room, an’ he sut down an’ played cards—poker,
mind you—with Al Busby till Al got so full the
| niggers had to carry him off to bed, without wine
in’ a dollar. Just paturaliy he couldn't tell
‘Al he was plavin' fer fun, ¢o he just managed to
lose enough to balance every dollar be won if
that wasn't fivin’ in the face of Providence
don tknow what would be ar :
“Weil, that was the beginnin’ of Charles Was-
son's downfall. He just got to follerin’ up that
Yankee schoolmarm tll he married ber, an’ «ive
up poker an’ bought a little place up country sae
I said, an’ be just rises hogs. He used to play
poker for a little while with the boys, but he
never took no advantage of his natural skill, an
as might have been expected, he never made
nothin’ at the game. ne night in here there
was a oouple of suanere gotinto the game au’ he
might ha’ got bis shure o' their money bul he
quit the game. ‘I ain't no or, han asylum he
saya, ‘an’ 1 don't feel app’inted to look «fter
idiots, on) stray children, but I can't set ii an
a) for their money.
’ “An’ finally his wif got bim to give up poker
altogether, an' he's disappeared enurely for the
pastfew years. It wasagreatpiiy, too. Clever
as he was, he might ha’ made one o’ the best
pla, ere on the river.”

care of himsel

 

DIPLOMAT AN EXPERT MARKSMAN.

Wenderful Sho Senor de Assis-Brasi!,
Brazilian Minister to this Country,

Wasninoron, Sept. 14.—Sefior J. F, de Assis
Brasi), the Brazilian Minister at Washington,
is a born marksman. He likes the sport and
practises a good deal in and around his home.
He ia an expert with the rifle and sporting guns
of all sorts, but his home practice is done with

 

| be deseribed as tough

 

a tiny rifle and a delicate pair of pistols, fre- |

quently in his parlor or on the veranda where
the small powder charge involved makes no
noise te attract attention.

In his boyhood days, Mr. Brasil was what
would be known In the West as a gentiemin
cow-puncher. That ts, he rode and shot with

the vaqueros and hunters on his father’s big |

ranches in Brazil. He soon found that he
could outshoot all but the most expert of the
Brazilian huntera and the pride of accomplish-

| wontcher please,

ment naturally induced him to practise more |

and more, His fame as a shot spread over the
country and preceded him to college, where
he cont!nued to practise and perfect himself
with firearms quite as ardently as he did in
the classics,
Some of the Minister's feats with the rifle
are a tax on credulity till they have been seen
He does his fancy shooting with a French gal-
lery rifle made to his order in Paris. He loads
his own cartridges for extra accurate work
His finest shooting {ts done with 22-
caliber rifle and pistols. He can pick all the
| capital letters out of a@ visiting card as far
| as he can see them. Driving tacks in a anect
| of paper the length of his veranda Is too tame
for him to call it aport, and he will eplit a visit-
ing card edgewise the length of his own parlor
while his wife holds it for him In her fingers,

Mrs. Brasii'a confidence in her bie! and’s
ability as a shot ts absolute, and she will hold
A quarter hetwaen her fingers for him to shoot
The fact is, however, that witnessing a few
of the Minister’s performances with a gun
breeds a great degree of reckleseness in the
average anectator
with Mrs. Braail for her acting as an animated
target support usually end be holding cards
for the Minieter to aplit, or by letting him shoot
the ashea off thelr ciwars or cigarettes before
they leave the house

Gintster Brasil will rut up a tare@et the size
of a quarter, and standing about thirty feet
away will wave his revolver in a circle like
| aman shooting off a Roman candle. At the

word of commard from a spectator he will

  
  

 

 
 
  

GOOD SIDE OF BAD BOYS,

ODDITIES OF THE YOUNGSTERS
THE HOUSE OF REFUGE,

Smal! Vanities Strong Among Them—Love of
Flowers Marked -Momesick Fven for Fvii
Homes—Owners of Treastred Letters Who
Torn Oat Well-A Country Lad’s Hi-Lack,

About the on!) occasions when the House of
Refuge on Randall's Isiand attracts publi
noticia when there occurs a mutiny, a fire, a
epidenie, an attempted esoape or a murder
among its inmates. None of these events diss.
pates any of the prevalent idea that the 800-0 ld
boys and the 200-odd girls there may properly
Yet there t# another
side to the place, and since O, \. Sage became
ite superintendent Mrs, Sage has been buses
finding the better part of the children and maa-
ing the most of ir,

One of the frat Innovations Mr. Sage estah.
lished was correspondence with all the boys and
girls. In’every State institution any inmat> is
allowed to write to the superintendent. Now
a'l the boys and giris at the House of Refuse
bave the same yrivilege, and divide thelr
letters pretty evenly between Mr. and Mrs,
Sage.

One might not expect to find vantty and
sentiment among 800 such boys; but those
emotions are there along “ith many a case of
homesickness, The vanity takes shane {na creat
obj-ction to anything mde on the island. A boy
with a pair of stiovs purchased in New York
speaks of his “cities.” Suspenders are a never
ending source of gratified vanity The anal
muffin who arrives with the remoant of })\4
trousers ted np with any old string would two
months later, no more consent to ba seen wi h-

iN

out bis uapenders than the Prine of Walesa
woull be caught in a siirt waist. Aas there
are both island-made and city-bought suspe

ders the greatest anxie’y prevaila to acquire 4
pair of “cities.”’ Mrs. Suge received @ request
for un interview from asimal! boy recently

“Me mother’s comin’ to sea meter-day," wos
hia story when the audience was arranged 1

Mrs. Sage, eet mea pair of
suspenders? 1 wouldn't have her catch ma
‘thout ‘em for nothin’.”

Mrs. S:ee almost smiled {n the boy's faceand
nearly told him how fashionable ahirt wal.
bovs were tryi:g to become over intown but
since suspenders were hia ambition, she grave v

promised to see that be was sui ably arraved «>
far as suspenders were concerned. As shed
miissed him he suegested with auxiety that he

really like “‘citles
All the ‘babies,’ as they call the small boy
who are kept in the giris' departmen'. ha

; which they may tie their red tles on week da

4
,
their own tncividual lo king glasses, befora
s
4

and their yellow ones on Sundays. But
bigger boys are not provided with suct
ries, and the fellow who manages ‘to pose 4
bimself of two inches of real looking «|
trade the chance to peep Into it for almost ans

es inoy

thing he wants. Likewise the boy Who gers

hold of an oli shoe brush fs sure of friends ay!
| can make many & good trade for himse'f, ¢
,of the Improvements — that tre +

appreciate is the chance to wash their (noes a

| of the shop boys got more thau one wash

Visittora who remonetrate | day
! ay,

fire and hit the mark without apparently having |

paneed long enough to take any aim at all
cau do all the atage tricks of a professional
shot, shooting with the mirror, holding the
rifle upside down, shooting between his legs
or lving on his back, and shooting over hi«
head. Infact, some of the ‘gun ple,” of whiel
he ia capable would shame a Western bad
man in @ cattle town méés, He has a little
wooden hoard with a metal back about the
size of a magazine, which he uses for a parlor
target. One of his favorite tricks is to put
a piece of cigar box In froat of this backing
und then shoot a hole through the centre
Then he will put the other four balls from his
revolver through the first hole, without chang-
ing its size ar contour in the least

One of his feata, which he does not perform
often out of nesnect for the humane scriples
of most of his visitors, ia to kill two chickens
simultaneously without looking at either of
' them. He will have a servant place two hand-
| fule of corn on the lawn sixty feet apart and
| vut a chatr midway between them. He site
'

n the chair while two chickens are brought
and placed one at each corn pile. They im
, me liately begin to eat, thug keeping compara
| tively still aking two platols, he will eight
| at one chicken with the right-hand gun and
| then with the other at the chicken on his left,
' ‘Then looking away froin both he will fire at

the word of command, He generally kills
both birds
[tis no effort at all for him to cut match stema

in half the length of his parlor, and but little
harder to light the head of

let at the same. distance. Occasionally
will damren the head of a match so that it
will be visible in the dark, and then light it
across the length of the room alter all the lights
are turned off

But perhaps his most astonishing feat of
dexterity he performs with five matches without
the ain of agun. He calls it his “gun carringe
demonstration.” It is a sort of fancy billiard
ahot exhibition, and merely shows the mar-
vallous celicacy of touch that wiil come from
long practice [t fs usually dove
wi th of a cining room table. The gun car-
riage ia made of three matches lait tn the form
of a letter H, with the foot of the H parallel
to the table's e ge _A fourth match is laid
over the cross bar of the “gun carriage” like
the barrel of a cannon resting on Ita trunntons,

with the butt end of the match projecting a
quarter of an inch bevend the eige of the table
, and the head pointing to the opposite alle of

the table Across the table a fifth match is
| stood up on end ina salt cellar, Taking an

 

 

He |

a match with a bul- |
he |

'
‘
i
bacda before meals. Formerly none bu some
.
When the boys line upat night to march!) ts
supper there is always a @hadea of pink and
white about the ling. In the caps of half «
dozen will be tucked a rose or a bud and nthe
buttonhole of the cont of every boy whocan
by any hitch acquire it isa flower. The chances
to work in the greenhouse la the most coveted
of all Jobs. Oneof the guards who has 1s0cf
the big boys has never failed In the thie he has
been there to receive a boutor every
night from one ortwoof the boys who look on
the presentation with ali the feelings which tle
pre entation of a diamond-studded watch to «#
district leader would arouse
Letters from home are treasured and as the
lower class boys bave no lockera and nowhers
to keep any treasures these letters are usua |+
carried inaide the shirt and at night placed
under the bov sp liow. The boys who caref r
their letters somehow seem te pe the ones wh
turn out bestinthe end. Mise Arn id, princi-
pal of the school, who has beeno the {sland
for five vears teaching, was tel ing the othe
day of a queer little pack of ‘eters one of ber

pup js once offered to lether read. There was
on? from his mother, «nefrom his busy fath-r,
who Wasa thrifty butcher,o e fro. an aunt,
as to whom the boy asid he knew she would
ike his teacher, and then a stately, dignific d
epistie from an od grandfatier, whch at
communication wastulol rf revcesto original
8in and admonitions to be good

‘Touat ov was attacuel to his letters. He
wis the kind that turaseutall right after leay
ing her +," said Miss Arnold.

‘A young mai to mee you, Mics Arnold,” [n-
terrupiwd an at endant. And when Miss
Arnoid wer! down te see her caller she found
weil-drosved young man of good manners end

niére

| cle reyos, the very boy of the letters who had

neross the |

or nary cinner knife, the Minister bends the |

blaze back like the aprin,
strikes the “gun” sharply on the butt. [t
files across the table and knocks down the

upright match, about half the time atriking it
scuarely oo the head and lighting both matonhe
People who have never sean this done rarely
believe {t porsible, but the Minister has so 4
converted all of his intimate friends by an
actual cemonstration.

Minister Brasil] has never fought a dual.

An Faoournging Estimate.

Vice-Chairman Payne of the Republican National
Committee on Friday, a Chicago despateh says
‘emphasized his confidence in the election of MceKin-
ley and Roosevelt by gtving a ltet of the States which
Republicans regard as certain for Mr. McKinley.*
Here are the States he mentioned:

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Sates. Electoral V ote.
ORO. «oe cececceseee eoses coors OB
Ver—M-—ont. , «
california - 0
North Da—K-—ota 3
Wien FH. cecceccececcecee iz
Wachingio—N- ase wi 4
Penusy~i- vant . a2
N-Fi-w York . 36
W-Y-—oming.. Ss
Rhode—-I—aland...... eoeveee +: beeeee 4
Mangn—Bm...ccresresceree cone ‘ 10
Bout h Dakot—Asseceecscceeeecers ‘
Miinot—B—. ....6... ‘
Connectie—U—t *
NewHamreht e ‘4
Main—E-—- 6
lo-W—a..... 48
Mico-I-gao ~ ts
Min-N--«sota 9
~N~-ew Jeraey 0
Mowachu~&- tts 13
O~ egon 4
240

 

| RUSKIN HALL FOUNDER HERR.

| “ae

| Walter Vrooman Says He Expects to Start a

| Similar Organigition tn New York Soon,

| Walter Vrooman, the founder of the Ruskin
Mall movement In England, is now in this city,
where he will remain for a week or two and will
then go West. His object tn coming here is
to be present at the inauguration of the Ruskin
Hall movement in this country. Mr Vreoman
sald last evening that the main office of the

Guakin Hall settlement will be opened in New
on in @ week er twe.

here will be no resident college at first,”

he said

“We will arrange for a courses of lew

| tures t rougbeut fhe country, and with the co. ,
°

eneration hee’
labor untons oe espeg! that the movement wi
be eel eat ¢ want to start sorme-
thing like the English university extension
movement, not to enable men to earn theirliving,
but to fit them for public work by teaching them
economics, social science, history and kindred
sublects
| to start afarm college, where any one can get

educetioo and a living by working a few hours
| aday

“*=Vrooman said the English trades unions

hau buted $20,000 to enable the American

trades unions to establish the Buskin Hall
| movement

wurches, reforin societies ond }

In afew weeks I will go to Missouri |

of a catapult, and |

left five vears befov-e. Now he is in business
for himself—“tea and coffee,” he proudly ans
bounced -and co'ng we'l

“You might not expect to find these boys
homesick,’ said Mra. Sage, “but I've seen two
or three of the worst cases of nostalgia sine 4
['ve Lee: here, See that Lith fe ow over
there?” pointing to a rather undersized boy
with square shouldersand cleareyes. ‘ Whed
he first caine here he was very hom sick |
used to write, asking to see me and wen
sent for him he wontd say: ‘Mra. Seve, I can't
sleep nights thinkin’ o' my father an mother
Then he would ery a bit and add: ‘My fat
eo so drunk and he beated my mother awfully,
Butl wish I could go home.” What kid of
horne do you suppose he had? An awful one !t
was, and his father beat hin so that he naa f
runaway. That's how he came here, Yer ‘hat
boy criei for a week to ee home to
mother,”

There {s one small boy about 18 in the deten-
tion ® quarantine pao nov who hae been on
the island ou y nine davg. He is from Fast New

ha

| York and is alinost sick fora sight of his u other

or_a'her or something he called home.

There's a quewt case 0! avery well-anpearing
boy now inthe tnstitution, Hs mother wen! to
see the superintendentand Mre, fag recently

isis such a splendid work,’ she began
“I've always Loon interested and'active in such
work. I'ina worker myself in missions’ yer
shewent on and to'd howher hoy had been
brought up to bea littlesaint. “Why, when he
was only 4 years old he went up to the po-
Uoeman on the cerner and asked him if he loved
Jesis and knew where he's go if he didn't,”
valid the mother. And it didn't seem at A
queer to her that her own boy should gel aatray
whieshe was looking out for other pevplee
morals

The House of Refuge boy has a language of
his own that no plilologist has yet structed,
Some of his wordy have become almost oMotnl
lav guage, At any rate they ave thoromhy
understood by ev.ry one attached to the h use
service. A boy's ohurn iahis’ ake.’ Aenever
speaks of trying to eecape. It's always ‘heat-
ing it, the past tense of which a pears to be
“hebetit’’ And he never stops planning how
he can “boat it.”

T ) @ of the boys were crawling somehow ot
ofaguardhouse opening, her the «mal so

f the farmer who runs the gardens spied ther
Nobody knowa how the litte one had heard the
expression and nobody stopped to ask what !t
meantas he yelled

“Oh, fayther, they're beatin’ ft,
beatin’ it.”

But they didn't sucored. Another bow astfli
has his «rm inaslivg as tho result of an ate
fer pt tosiided wha rope mede of three | ov-
pital Diankets ‘The colored boy, who [. captain

they're

 

ef on d vision, aaw the otrem tandr the
entire housefercs by a peeullar ehril whiste
with whoh he sounded the aarm Now the
boy with the broken arm has made up hie
mip

“After thie,” heaaid, “I'm goine to behave
’ ’ &

      
 

Ih ain't no goodtr in’'te best it’ Yer can get
out quickest by — eing good,"

Of course boye are sent to the inet tution
from allover (he State, One typ eal rmer's
on ha he eympath: of all who know his
story. Thisd« the story, atleast ashe and 'bs
jriends te lit. Theboy’s father and ° ne ehbor
both were settna mustrat traces. The lather
tod the bey to enilect hea fans The
hor, ber matske, got two helonging to the
nrigh>or—twe traps that weuldot fave cost
# ents actece when new Anparentiy thera
was evpe quarrel between the men, for the
owner: fthetrapaat ones hod he rresvel
and taken before a ce «tive. who -enten tia
iminediately to the Hou ve of Kefuge he be«
wae brought from bh een trv home t r

dere

 
 

  
 

York. The bovs hava told him ot the
of the eitv ef Br okien Bridge and t ve
bu'ldings, and Coney Islaniaas the big boats,
and Broadway. The boy (« 4ivited between
homesickness for the country end amare
ment end curiosit t his strange situation.
; There are no bad mar agint bir
} and when his time fe un } be taken
| to see the wonders of which he my
dream a: be looks at theamoxe: fthe ci s
the river. But when wissmenar: trying toget
all the Soys int’ the eountry to refor and
oue them, and advocate the location of a)! ree
f rmatory and penalioatituth on t nirr
{tla quetr to aoe «y li ors !roug tfr é '
| try and«mall towns te th-cityiole ru hed
® gTeat necdofthe Hou e of Refuce ie &
ymnasum. Of couras the oy re rapturous
bail fle da. and the dy « when they pia

ether institution teanm~ are historical.

 

 

Ace
New
Chief
comp
noyed
a ne

pe
pose a
from
1,000
the he
been
Island
ber of

As
little
for th
army
ing of
maint
year,
in the
spend
Fifth
third
reapeq
bese
made
ground
new

The
York
blind,
gettin
bodily
saulte
give t
army
theat
arran,
200 me
dutyn
to dod
nets
will
pana,”
detail
vicinit

the be

“If
arease,
modati
arrest
“Int

taking

ry night.
and on
Sand F

gars h

nan Oo

LeCess.
Wrom a

8 ea
“Bhese
1¢n W

fany q

ops’

‘onseq

ransfe

rom on
“The
deal wi
days
ducat
eave bh
tunes
parts
gonet
ing moi

 

 

most
well,
career
tort of
person
over
proach
they fia
woe th
frighte
righte
She
begs in
acter
with o
Then h
fon he
[ng thal
{sto gi
s anot
tryant
feet hi
of gett
fon and
He the
ttarvin
the pe
nickel
e dem
getting
g0-off.
“Ano
who w
erry.
eaned
‘If you
far, ‘¥d
women
qulekl
to cal
lashing,
hen «
nd th
fanded
ng. O
along a
ing she
ea ear
Ler han
the had
4 two-
oant.
nteand t
that a

a

ald not
bagear
“Mos
In the lig
Bonare
fwap st
are fun
tory of
ntrane
fine fr
he ma
yn, ste
e aske
and go
fhe oc
Im he
andbil
ar rem
ut wou
“On
merch
n hand
aken f
Proceed:
* mer
Chant, ‘fg
trious,
Ouse te
of clothe
ome a
Goat,
Ond wish
& arm’
8 said
Mls and
iim on
ork, ¢
hew sult
drinking
wi 4

on the s
! clothing,
hop.
Vhat t
ey can

ata, mots

Arvir

Meat

of the nea
a bak

nd meal

rte g
Actor a
nds «se

© brea