two)
1 h-#
ale 4)
here
@n-
fe
ues®

wre
hy
r of
me

and
also
but,
vey
a
dis-

he'd

boye™
have
fore
cays
the
Xu-
ea”
inay
ny-f
gets
and 7
One 4
boys
and
Ome
be

Into
and
ta
inthe
ocan
ance
eted
soot
»has
very
pk on
h the
loa

the
here

*

alvy oe
vd
aced |

efer
who
rink
sland
other F
f bert
was”
th fr,
aunt, |

euld
ifled

Ast |
Aiginal

He
leav-

* In-
Miss
nd
apn
had
ineas |
y ane

boys

two!
ine ¢

over
boy
heq

hat {6
lhey're

yw stfll
an at-

hos-
otain
athe
rhistie
w the
p his

have.
n got

tution
rmer's
whis
nd Nhe
ghbor
father
. The
to the
e cost
theré
or th
ree'e
edtim
« y
te wee
ondere
bia
boats,
tween
mage
pation.
hin,
taken
only
acr «8
toget
id res-
all ree
untry,

ANY BEGGARS ARE ABOUT;

A SPECIAL SQUAD OF POLICE DE.-
TAILED TO ATTEND TO THEM.

One Thousand Arrested In the Hotel District

Alone in the Last Two Months-Some of

Them Desperate Fellows—Tricks by Which

They
Accore
New Yor
Chief of

complar

Extract Money From the Charitable,
{ing to the police reports, the streets of
k are swarming with beggars just now,
Pollee Devery has received so many
ta from citizens who have been an-

noyed by me ndicants that he has established

@ new

Beemer
@ patrol (he leading thoroughfares for the pur- |

beggar equad, consisting of forty
n plainclothes, who are under orders

pose of arresting persons caught soliciting alms

from pe
1,000 t
the hots
heen sen
Island
ber of!

Asa rue

Kittle by
for the

army wen

et
ing

nig

d
Cae

eee

estrians. During the past two months
ra have been placed under arrest in
| district alone and 730 of these have
od to imprisonment on Black well's
Notwithstanding this fact, the num-
ars is rapidly increasing

New York has been bothered very
ggars during the summer montha,

ter

reason that the majority of the beggar

nt to the country districts at the open-

» spring season in former years, re- |

ay until cold weather set in. This
ver, {t seemed as if all the bewgars
ed States flocked to New York to
mer. On upper Broadway,
rhirty-fourth street,

nd Fourteenth street the beggars

h harvest until Chief Devery's
juad appeared. Then the beggars
ty-secoud street their stamping
t now they aeem to have found a

1 the streets bordering Central Park,
not the ordinary sort that New

, accustomed to, the lame and the
burly fellows who succeed in

ey by threatening pedestrians with
In many cases they have as-

and wotnen who have refused to
ney Fearing that the beggar

» still larger with the opening of the
vason, the Chief of Police has made
nts to increase the beggar squad to
{ necessary. These men will be on

taudday. Twelve of them will be sent

{uty on Park row, where they will spread

f

he beg
lf th
crease
modat
arrested
aking i
pig hit
nd on I
nd For
rs )

man ob

necessary

r professional! panhandlers. Others
sent along the Bowerv for “whiskey

t lice eall them, Some will be
‘ jton atreet, Brooklyn, in the
f the big dry goods stores to arrest
urs who stop women
nuisance

beewar continues to in-

we won't have enough prison accom-

ns for all the beggars who may be

his winter,” said a polios official,
Tenderloin precinct alona we are now
n from five to fifteen beggars every
They are found along Fifth avenue
jroadway between Twenty-third street
ond Many of the beg-
learned to pick out a beggar squad
aight and consequently it has become
to the policemen around

street

ty-ser

change

ne part of the city to another, so the

ith are the fell

days

edu

at

al

reer they becor
i bee

When

‘ja standing on his good

ve hima nickel and then he lets go

ther begwar
Park We

ated in ¢

nt know them, The beggars call
en ‘pan cops,” meaning police-
» detailed to arrest panhandlers
have learned to know the ‘pan
wage to keep out of their way
t has been found neoessary to
licemen doing beggar duty to-day
‘city to another
whom we have to
ws who have seen better
are men who have been
Drink has made them
lies and lose their for-
unto the Bowery from all
intry and when their funds are
n a panhandling career, ask-
ly andeverybody. All
es to keep up @ supply of
nd get a night’s lodging, Although
ae fel have been brought up
ter they ones start out on a begging
1° aggressive, They are the
eatch hold of the arm of a
their victim until he hands
avoid trouble. They first ap-
roo ina polite manner and when
attention ia paid to their tale of
rab the person and plead desper-
d Most men and women become
and give up their coin quickly
fellow, a one-leag d man, who
ity parks. Heis a desperate char-
he stons a tnan he holds him
» hand and his crutch with the other
leg The per-
to push him away, fear-
» might fall. The only thing to do
There
who has been at work in
is a tall man, probably six
He is ugly looking. His method
coin is to approach a very short per.
h hold of th lappels of the ooat
‘ares in dramatic tones that he is
He repeats it in a way that seares
most to death. Then if he geta
nds a dime, or if he gets a dime
! He always insists on
iore money than he receives at the

rst beggars with

Phe

yY as 4 Prille

leges

}

ars W
ng to

one

Ids is afraid

larter

iother desperate beggar is the old woman

45225

_—~p -—=3 pp Oo
22? > i >

Cc
=

ea S2 322575

2rs2ssrces 2322=7
S22ESS 2825

oa aoe
S54535" =3

“22>

S
‘?

recentivy chased from Grand street
» asked in whispers for money and
the persons she appealed to
it give me something.’ she would
never have a dav'a luck.’ Most
pealed to by this begw@ar gave up
and walked on. Those who stopned
er down generally received a tongue.
She ewore af them and eursed them
iickly turned to another woman
id woman anpealed to generally
in rather than undergo a curs-
a Brooklyn schoolteacher came
nded a coin to the beggar. heliev-
s handing over a cent. While the
i the eoin in the palm of
tthe schoolteacher noticed
stare and had handed over
half dollar gold plece instead of
t a minute,’ she said, ‘I didn't
e you that.” The beggar replied
19 gave money to the poor
ack would never have a day's
’ Ite er «walked away and
he wold 4 », for she feared the
re her

downtown bargwars congrecate
the vicinity of Chatham
drink bad whiskey and
ne oof the storlea thev tell
heard one of them
ad fooled a man at the Bridge
had nin the habit of heg-
’ ry night and one night
\ hant living In Brook-
idviea to the heegar
vy he did not get a job
» begear said he would
b. The merchant
employment
i ulars, The
ie never thought of that,

¢ day
dav, ahout
appear, the beagar was
f clreulara which be had
da counter uptown He
ta the circulars Just as
“d. ‘Ah,’ said the mer-
ee that
’ addresa, Come to my
ind Tll give you a new sult
var went to the merchant's
“doa new euff and an
then handed $20 to him
{ luck, The beewar had
with him af the time
et ao cents distributing
the merehant for starting
r fie came back to New
he handbilla, nawned the
t and had a hich old time
| rontes, That fellow
f the beecars we meet
ew York. If they receive
ediately hurry to a pawn
‘ive food, they throw It away,
ready cash, With cash

lose to

")

circ heg-

ver-

‘rry Hill there wes a professtonal
WhasSkirts Shelisa woman
are ina charitable institu-
1 and women on the etreet
f woe to the effect that she ts
‘ little chil who are
it she snot want
te e save, is bread and

rv we
ealed to 1? wwewar is led
toabuteher shop and bread
teed for her Ak sO0Nn as
mse she thanks her bene-
to Cherry Hill, where she
women ready to purchase
The other day she ap-
] with three loaves of bread
steak which a charitable
hased for her She offered
ents and when she couldn't
( 15 cents from a
she made a
loon and hought
vy one on Cherry
nows all about
begging She
ceries to get money

a family of
the Bowery
a house tn

The

er street there is

» have money tn
The father owns

t and gets big rent for it.

Twenty- |

relating a |

told |

distributing |

the time the |

you are tindus- |

erally softens the heart |

| mother goes about the city begging for food
and she manages to get enough to the entire
family. Two of the children pick cinders on

| the ash dump and plok up coal along the wharves

They get sufficient to keep their fires going all

winter. The father goes about town working

the charitable socteties for anything he can
get. They get free ioe, free coal, free food
and free clothing, so it does not cost them
anything to live. In the afternoon the oldest
| boy sells papers at the Bridge entrance. All
| the money they get hold of is put into the bank,
| New York contains many such beggars and they
thrive on New York's charity organizations
while many needy people starve because they
, are too proud to beg The worthy poor of
| New York could be found and attended to
properly if the Legislature would make some

Provision by which it would be the legitimate

duty of newspaper reporters and policemen
| to report on all applications for aid. Newspa-
| per men and policemen get a chance to see the
city in alight that no others see it in and they
| @re good judges of human nature and could
| distinguish the worthy beg ar from the fakir

who annoys the New York pu fic ¥

The wife of a Brooklyn baker was sitting

| in her shop a few days ago when an old woman

who had been begging from her for many
| years put in an appearance, The bakers
| wife had been in the habit of giving the beggar
money every day, 60 when she saw the beggar
enter she went to the cash drawer and took
out a nickel. As she was handing over the
money the beggar refused to take it and sald:

,."No, ma'am, I didn't come for that to-day,
I'm going away. I called to bid you good-by,
as my son and I have bought a farm up in Con-
necticut.”

The Park row beggar who says he does not
Want money but just something to eat and who
asks the stranger to buy him a meal in one of
the beaneries along the row Is often compelled
to eat eight or ten times during a night before
he strikes an out-of-town stranger who doesn't
know any botter than to give him cash

Then there is the beggar who stops the pedes-
trian and offers to sell three elevated railroad
tickets for 10 cents “just becauee he needs 10
cents to get home to Brooklyn.” He gets the
10 cents and no one asks him to give up the
tickets, #0 he works the same game a few min-
utes later and gets 10 cents more. He is one
of the Park row beggars. The postage stamp
beggar is another downtown character. He
drops into a store or office and asks for a postage
stamp, Saying he wants to send a letter to his
mother and has not got two cents to pay for
astamp. When he gets ten two-cent stamps
he selis them for a dime and gets two drinks
The California lawyer who knows the name
of every prominent man in Saa Francisco is a
| familiar beggar to people who pass along on
| Park row. He begs from business men on

their way home or from a party of men who

may be drinking In a Park row saloon and he

| always says he needa a pair of shoes, so that
he ean make a nresentable appearance at the
home of his friend, Senator So-and-so, with
whom he has an appointment,

For several years a well-dressed middle-aged
woman has been in the habit of veiling the
downtown business offices, where she begs for
her carfare to go uptown. She generally

| learns the run of the office she visits and man-
ages to inanire for the partner who happens
to be out when she calis, She tells the partner
who is in that she ia a friend of the family of the
partner who ts out and tn this way when she
a-ks« for five cents she usually gets half a dollar
or a dollar, Her stamping ground is along

Wall street and Pine street.

The Woman From Hariem |s the name given
to a 'eggar who for some time eolicited alms
at the foot of the elevated railroad station at
Third avenue and Elghteenth street. Her

ame was to tell folks that she was on her way
fome to Harlem, and that an ignorant car con-
ductor let her off the car at Eighteenth street
instead of Jisth street. And she only had
money enough, she said, to pay her fare on
the car which sheleft. If she only had a nickel
she would be able to go to Harlem on the cele-
vated railroad) This woman queered herself
by telling this story three times in one night
to a man who lived in the neighborhood and
who gave her a nickel twice. When she asked
for it the third time he tnvited her up to the
elevated station platform on the pretence that
he wanted to change a bank note Up there
he whispered to the ticket chopper and made
arrangements to have her | utonatrain. She
went on the train and the ticket chopper tipt ed
the gateman to keep her on the car until the
train reached Harlem When she heard these
orders given she cursed and swore at the man
who had put up the job, and at the railroad
employees, but after that she was never seen
at the Kighteenth street corner ;

Among the begwars who live in the vicinity
of Chatham square there is a man who goes
about on criitches during the day, but is able
to walk without their ald at night He has
fun with some of his cronies telling them that
he don't need crutches after business hours
and things of that sort. This man {fs known
aa Pipesy He had a companion who pre
tended he waa blind, but whose sight was all

| right when he was not out on a begging tour

The bogus blind man waa known as Blink
He disappeared from the neighborhood a week
ago after he and Pipesy had arow. Some of the
other bewgars up there are now of the opinion
that Pipesy murdered Blink, but Pipesy's friends
say that Blink was sent to Blackwell's
and is still there

Here is a case that happened a few days
ago. A beggar with a shagey beard, who was
well-known along Park row, went into an
Italian barber shop, and showing a roll of
bids told the barber that his uncle had Just

and that he had received a large sum of
y, He wanted a bath and a shave and a

i ut and a shampoo. The barber worked
over him for an hour anda half. Then the
beggar asked the barber if he had change of
a twenty-dollar bill, and inthe same breath re-
marked that he would treatand get change over
fh the saloon opposite if the barber would let
him have a pitcher to carry the beer. The
barber brought out a gorgeous-looking pitcher
covered with Italian mottoes He washed
it and handed it to the customer. The beggar
took the pitcher and crossed to the saloon

he placed the pitcher on the bar and
entied for a whiskey and a cigar, When he
got both he told the bartender to put 15 cents’
worth of beer in the pitcher. While the bar-
tender was filling the pitcher the beggar passed
to a rear room and went out through a side
doorway. Then he disappeared and was not

Been againegin the neighborhood, Ten min-

utes later the barber went over to the saloon

to see what had happened to his pitcher The
bartender refused to give it Up. explaining
that the man who brought it had not paid for

a cigar and a glass of whiskey. The beer in

the pitcher had not heen pald for either, he

said

“Pay me 35 cents and you can have your
pitcher,” said the bartender, “T hat fellow
was a friend of yours.”

“He you friend,” replied the Italian, “You
pay for his shave. Me make-a de hajr cut,
sShampoon, everyt'ing, but got no mon

Then they compared notes, and while they
were talking about it one of the old Bowery
beggars remarked .

“Why, you blokes is easy. Say don't you
know de feller what did yez? Why. dat 's
Pitcher Jim from ‘Frisco, 170 SBR O16-timne PAD
handler and borrowin' pitchers to treat on
etage money is bis araft. Dat roll he showed
to de barber was Confederate money, Youse
is easy.”

sland

INDIA AND JAPAN, .
Closer Relations Forming Between the Two
Countries—'‘Asia for the Asiatics,””

The prominent position which Japan has
| assumed In Asiatio affairs is already pri ducing
some Interesting effects. One of the most
| significant is the sympathetic movement be-
| tween India and Japan that has set in since
| the latter has developed inatituticns of learn-
ing and scientific training. Numbers of young
Indian students, ingtead of going to England
to study chemistry, electricity and other sub-
jects, as formerly, are now going to Japan
Ip this way they are laying the foundaticns
of closer relations in the future, which cannot
but be of benefit to both countries — Late Jap-
vapers speak of concerts and meetings
veld for te Pi rpose of making ¢«llec-
tions for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian
fainine, one held at Tokio bringing in nearly
| $2,000. Famine meetings were also being called
by the Buddhist priests at which Indians were
{nvited to speak, and at all the meetings sub-
stantial sums were collected.
‘The military and naval
is aleo followed with close
tion by the Indian newspapers, full accounts
of the dolngs of the Japanese troops in China
being published in many of them with laudatory
commente on the capacity of Asiatics for great
| achiewements. Longer and more detalled ace
counte of the recent Japaneses naval mancmuvres
than appeared inany of the English or European
\ papers were given in several Indian journals,
and hore traces of having been written by
| eampetant professional writers or translated
| froin thelr work
It is perhaps slenificant that within the last
few months leading Indian newspapers have
contained articles strongly Aaiatic in tone,
with auch characteristic headings as “Asia for
Asiatics,” and breathing a strong anti-Fu-
ropean sentiment Their object seems to be
to try and bring about an awakening among
the younger people of India by pointing out to
therm that at last an Asiatic race, referring to

Anese
wing

rogress of Japan
nterest and atten-

the Japanese, had shown itself worthy and able |

| to lead the kindred peoples of the vast con-
tinent in the path of progress, and appealing
to them to emulate thelr example by devoting
themselves more to the atudy of sublects that
would qualify them to aid in the material ad-
vancement of their country than to the sterile
learning that unfitted them for any useful
career Some of the Indian papers_ have
even been bold enough to call upon the British
Indian Government to establish a military
academy in India, at which young Indians he-
longing to the higher classes could qualify for
a career in the army This appeal, however
eo far from finding favor, has been the text ot
articles In some of the Anglo-Indian papers
the reverse of complimentary to Indian loy-
alty, and resulted in a somewhat acrimonious
discussion in the Indian press of all shades
that ha® not vet quite died ont. One thing ts
very plain, namely, that the agitations sweep-
ing over Asia, the result of the famines, pes-
tilences, wars, and foreign interventions, are
raising new ideas in the minds of the vast inert
multitudes of that continent, comprising more
than half the human race.

 

| more’n two-thirds as big aa

a

THE
MAN’S LOVE AND A BIRD'S;

FERGY THE GUIDE ON THE SWEET-
HEART-COLLECTING HABIT,

Balsam Bill's Power Over Women and a Bit
of Northwest Forest Justice-The Pheas-
ant That Would Ge Courting and
Fighting-A Female Error Overlooked,

FirieLp, Wis., Sept. 14.—Fergy the guide
swayed easily backward and forward tn the
boat, his short oars biting the water only
lightly. It was his normal mode of progression
and he was competent to keep it up for twelve
hours on end without a hint of fatigue.

“This,” said the other man, elevating
his rod to bring his bait to the surface, glancing
back to see that it was all right and settling
again, “this is good alr, good water and a good
country, You raise some big men here. I've
watched the axemen and it seems to me that if
the Government ever wants to recruit an en-
gineering company for making army roads
through a dificult land northern Wisconsin
ls the place to do the recruiting in. There
ought to be fine looking women hidden away
around here, too.”

“Yass,” sald lergy, “th’' men's strong ‘nough
an’ th’ wimmen's purty ‘nough. Th’ trouble
is th’ men ain't got no sense an’ the gals is
worse'n th' men. I seen lots o' trubble roun’
here ‘bout gals—an’ th’ gale he'ped it on. I
ain't had none myse'f, ‘cause $2 a day in th’
summer, $8 a day loggin' in th’ winter an’ a
Jug o' ol forty-rod onst ina w'tle is good ‘nough
f'rme. Fellerl knowed come through Fifiel, one
winter an’ sea me doin’ a Injun polky in
th’ middle o' th’ street. I been sick with fever
an’ ain't workin’ none, but I got money ‘nough
to s'lute th’ bar-keeps eighty times aday. He
ketched me by th’ elbow, this feller did, an’ he
says: ‘What you doin’ out here in th’ snow
actin’ crazy?’ he says. ‘You're go full o’ bug-
juice it's runnin’ out'n your years. Go home
an’ go to bed: you've got one foot In th’ grave,’
says he. ‘Yass,’ I says; I got one foot in the
grave an’ th’ other onth' moon. G'way! Wow!’
Il says. tle says: ‘You're a good guide,’ an’
I says: ‘I be. Wow! Ge says, says he
‘Whyn't you git you a good ‘oman an’ marry
an’ settle down?’ says he. An’ I says: ‘I'm full
o’ licker, ain't I? an’ I'm dancin’, ain't 1? an’
to-morrer I'll have a haid like somebody was
filin’ a saw inside o' {t, won't 1? But nex’ day
I'l! be in purty fair shape, won't 1? an’ th’ day
after that I kin out-jump, out- run an’ out-las
any man in Price county,’ I says ‘But w'a
happens to me,’ I says, ‘if I git married? It's
allers nex’ mornin’ then,’ I says. ‘It's allers
saw-filin’s in your haid: it's allers the devil to
pay an’ not feesh ‘nough in all the lakes to pay
him,’ saya I. ‘Come have a drink ur @'way,' I
says, an’ the feller he comes an’ has a drink.”

The other man struck a weed with his trailing
spoon and reeled in to disengage it. Casting
out once more he remarked briefly: “That's
good philosophy for the distilleries.”

“Yaas,” Fergy said quietly, “it's good all
roun’, thatis If th’ wimmen don’ git a man
one way, they'll git him ‘nother, Sometimes
they don’ love him ‘nough an’ sometimes they
loves him too well. Sometimes they ruin him
an’ sometimes they lets him ruin hisse’f, This
love bizness ain't nothin’ but se'fishness arter
all an’ th’ se’fisher a man is th’ worse he gits
it in th’ neck; th’ se’fisher he is th’ more he
loves an’ th’ more wimmen he wants. This
sorter feller in love is like a miser with money,
he caint never git ‘nough. He not only wants
one ‘oman f'r hisse'f an’ ginst ev’ybody else,
but he wants all wimmen f'r hisse’f an’ ginst
ev'ybody else. He jus’ c'lecta wiminen, like
some crazies w'at comes here c'lecta bugs an’
butterflies. I knowed a man like that onst

“His name were Bill Peavy an’ he were a
shore axeman an’ logroller. We called him
Balsam Bill cause he wouldn't sleep on no bed
now ‘ere lest it were made out'n balsam boughs
uster spend a good part o’ his time gatherin’ th’
boughs an’ arrangin’ em 50's all th’ pints'd
stick up an’ make his lyin’ sof’. He were six
foot two an’ a harf inohes high an’ four foot
wide an’ he weighed 227 poun's 17 ounces o'
bone an’ muscle an’ skin an’ ha'r. He hada
arm on him like th’ hind leg o' a Illinoy steer
His skin were white as milk, he had yeller curls
an’ a yeller mustash an’ blue eyes. Ile didn’
have no sense, but he were a shore good-looker
an’ th’ wimmen took to him like they wasn't
nothin’ else in trousers f'r fifty mile aroun’

“Up at Tony Biossat'’s shack winter ‘fore
las’ they was gals to burn. They was some
hard men in that gang, but the hardes’ an’
se'fishes’ were this Balsam Bill. ‘Mongst ‘em
were Willyum Jakes, a little pale Frenchmun,

with a erizzied mustash an’ crow’s feet ‘roun’
his eyes. He loved a gal name Tonette Ville-
bois like a houn’ pup loves deer meat an’ they
was to be married in th’ spring. Balsam foun’
it out an’ shook his yeller curis at Tonette an’
she were his'n. Willyum he got paler an’ paler
an’ wok to drinkin’ Canuck high wines. He
never had much to say at no time an’ he went
jlumb silint. One night, without sayin’ nothin’
he heaved a bottle at Balsam an’ a secon’ arter
were knocked colder a wedge. We laid him
by th’ fire an’ kep’ on dancin’, He come tw a
Jeetie afore daylight an’ went out, an’ we never
see him no more

“Nex' night, ‘bout time f’r th’ people to git
together an’ begin raisin’ the roof agin, we
heerd a scream like a horse havin’ his th'vat
cut. We rushed out an’ fitty yards f'om th’
shack were Balsam Btil lyin’ in the snow, with
snow stickin’ to his yeller curla an’ a big knife
socked to th’ handle in his breast. He were
stone daid with th’ funnies’ look on his face
you ever see—a look o' wonder an’ disgus’
an’ s'prise an’ shame, That look seemed to
Ay: Ate my! Here be I, bigger'n a moose
an’ purtier ‘n @ speckled pup, an’ done up by
a leetie chalky Frenchinun harf th’ shee o' a
poun' o' soap arter a hard day's washin'!’
Course we knowed who done it an’ course
we didn’ look f'r him. All we arska in th’
woods is that a man have got th’ right on his
side, an’ Willyum Jakes were right.”

There was no doubt of Fergy’s utter serious-
ness during the narration of this tragedy,
Indeed, his oars had kept pace with his inem-
ortes and the boat was flying along, ten feet
from the lake edge, with the live foe at the
end of the |ine skipping Jerkily from wavelet
to wavelet. He slowed down quickly and at
the instant a covey of ruffed grouse rose from
the sumach thicket near by and whirred away
in mimic thunder, Fergy's set dark face re-
laxed and he smiled genially, looking at his
companion in half-quizcieal fashion

*T knowed a pheasant onset over by Mason
Lake,” he began. (The name of the ruffed
grouse all through the middle northwest is
pheasant.) “I called him Balsam Bill, Pus’

place, [ foun’ him in a thicket o' balsam pine |

saplin’s an’ secon’ place, he were a good deal
like th’ feller [ been taikin’ ‘bout. It were th’
boas pheasant o' all th’ pheasants, shore. His
peck were stretched up an’ he were a yard
high f'om th’ feathers on his toes to th’
topknot on his haid, His bill were harf open,
his lalgs wide apart an’ his eyes was red as
blood. Th’ ruff roun’ his neck stuck out like
@ game rooster's w'en he's gitth’ down to bie-
ness an’ his wings was woin' so fas’ they looked
like two blurs on his side. You never
no such rackit as he made. Now an’ then
he'd stop drummin’ f'r a secon’ an’ let out a
war cry that sounded like the bellcf a bull
moose an’ then he'd begin agin to eut th’ air
like a buses saw. I see plain ‘nough w'at he
were up to: he were callin’ f'r hene an’ any
cock-pheasanta w'at didn’ like it could come
‘long an’ he'p theyse'fs. Bime-by [ heerd
a leetile sof’ Guickedlunk an’ the pretties’ hen
in th’ woods come sidlin’ ‘long th’ aidge o'
th’ glade. She'd wo forrerd two foot an’
sorter hang back an’ go forrerd a yard, f'r
she were jus’ drunk with that drummin’ an’
dida’ have no command o' herse’f a-tall, Th’
cock he beat his wings louder an’ give two
war cries an' beat agin. Th’ hen got toa place
five feet behin’ him an’ to one side an’. stood
there, lookin’ at him so sick with love she near
toppled over ev'y minit. Mr, Boss Manu didn’
ay no ‘tention to her, fie were honin’ f'r
rouble an’ didn’ have no time f'r fernales,
It come

“Like a crazy bullit with a tail on it a _blg
brown cock whizzed through Uh’ trees flve foot
‘bove th’ groun’, an’ when he reached th’ cen
tre o' th’ glade he th'owed hisee’f half backerd
toa check an’ hit th’ erass as light as a feather
Then he spread his wings fur as they'd go,
hopped up an’ down three times gn ;
he Cr-r-r-kaw! = crer-r-kaw!' e weren't
the log feller, but
he had his nerve with him
down in a harf-secon' an’ they was a fight f'r
your w'iskers if you wore sixty poun’ o' ‘em

were sorry f'r th’ leetle one ‘cause he were
gaine, but it were over ina minit. Th’ big one
riz five foot In th’ air, with legs stiff an’ haid
down, fell on th’ leetle one's back, brought his
beak down twicet an’ they was three poun'’ o°
dead bird lyin’ in th’ middle o' th’ glade an’
mebbe a quarter poun’ o' feathers floatin’ on
th’ breeze. Th' hen she set still w'lle this were
doin’, but w'en it were ended she teetered fr'm
side to side more love sick ‘n ever an’ she jus*
couldn’ git ‘nough lookin’ at the’ big murd’rer
watdoneth' ack ITsaystohim, I says: ‘Ral-
eam Bill, you're jus’ as much of 4 scrapper as
you useter be,’ savs |, an’ says TI to her
so be it you aint Tonette,’ T says, ‘you're he
harf sister,’ says I, ‘an’ jus’ as blg a fool,’
says

*\leanw'iles, th’ drummin' an’ challengin’
had a-recommenced an’ two hens sidles out’n

‘

SUN, SUN

| understand

leetle |

heer |

| ber of a

sald, says |

My chap he sailed |
Minneapolis a dissatiatied member had t

| these misfit parlor never carry in stock a

If |

.

th’ bresh an’ walks acrost th’ glade. They
didn't notice th’ fus’ one, but looked at th’ big
feller on th' log, lovesick. Then two cocks
come an’ he killed ‘em both, He drummed
aw’ ile longer, but no more he-pheasants showed
up to be slaughtered, so he come down off'n
h rch an’ marched off inter th’ woods,
swellin’ his ruff, flirtin’ his tail, showin’ his bes
pants all to onst an’ makin’ them hens daff ag
as' year's bird nests gather up th’ dea
ones an’ br'iled ‘em that night an’ they were
better'n if I had walked ali day {'r'em. Two
weeks arterward I meeta him on a harf acre

rairie by th’ wes' side o' th’ lake an’ I hope

may never see th’ back o' my neck if he didn’
have thirty-elght hens tailin’ out behin’ him
like they belonged to him

"an. spring went on W'en th’ her
to settin’ he didn’ have no furder use f'r ‘em
an’ he took to roamin’ roun’ huntin’ f'r trouble
werev'r be could fin’ it. Goin’ through th’
aldge o' Boyd's hayfiel’ one day I come on @
pheasant's nes’
settin’ on it, an’ near by, snoopin’ roun’ in the
grass lookin’ f'r grasshoppers f'r to feed her
with, was one o' th’ leetles’ an’ purties’ cocks
I ever see. He didn’ weigh much, but ev'y
feather on him shined @ were th’ busies’
leetie critter in th’ world, tendin’ to his wile,
I laid there f'r a harf-hour, ‘cause I never did
see nothin, to do me more good. Goin’ back
home I made up my min’ that I'd take my gun
with ine an’ if 1 saw Balaain Bill Vd plug him,
{'r | knowed it'd be shore all day with th’ leetle
may an’ his ‘oman if th’ big uu got sight o' ‘em

“I didn’ happen that way [ra week agin
but w’en I come ‘long I seen @ ack [ ain't never
goln’ to disremember, Th’ little hen were
settin’ on th’ nes’ all right, all right, but th
cock were off some'rs in th' woods, foragin’,
In his place were Balsam Bill, {he'd foun’
th' happy home a few minits before I git there
an’ were doin’ his ushul do. He'd prance
‘roun’ her, with his ruff out an’ his wingtips
scrapin’ th’ groun’, proud aa a turkey cco f an’
‘mos' as big. Then he'd strut ‘way like he
were goin’ to leave her f'rever, but his heart ‘d
git sof’ an’ be'd come back. He danced on
one laig an’ then on th’ other an’ stuck out
his bill and talked to her mos’ lovin’. She
set there cuddlin’ her algs, demure like, an’
tendin’ to bianeas, but [ think I see in her eye
that Balsam's beginnin’ to come th’ cun/er
over her jus’ like he come it over th’ other fifty.
Then he played his las' card, He mounts ona
stump clost by an’ gives her his bes’ drum, Say
he were a beauty with th’ sunshine pourin
down on him through th’ trees, his haid up,
his eyes like blood an’ his wings goin’ like
mad! That leetle hen jus’ couldn’ stan’ it
no longer, I see her raise f'rm off’n her sigs
an’ take two steps toward him—she were shore
@ goner—w'en, whir-r-r-r-r! her leetle man
come shootiy’ through fh woods, fie never
‘tempted to ‘light, but whirled over Balsam on
th’ stump like a shot fom acannon, He were
‘bout a inch too high as he passed, but I heerd
his spurs click together like knives. Hadn
been f'r that mislick th’ big masher'd been
eat moat right there. I saya to myse’f, says
I: ‘By th’ pink bellied frog o' Swamp Lake
Spring, you've got th’ soul o' Willyurn Jakes
in you, whuther he's daid or not!’ [ nam d
him Willyum right then, He went twenty
yards afore ha could check hisae'f, then w'eele
an’ come back, straight f'r a clear space by th
aidge o' the hav. My! but they were a ruction,
Willyum was light, but his wing-spread give
him a imighty purechis on th’ groun’ an’ on th'
a'r I thought it were all over with him at
fus’ but in a minit ur so I see Balsam'd tackled
th’ bigges’ contrack o’ his life, Finerly Balsam
los’ his balance an’ went on his back with his
big laigs in th’ a’r. Quicker’n a wink Willyum
were jus’ ‘bove him. — F'r th’ las’ time th’ spurs
clicked. They hit Balsam in each eye an’
they went clean through his haid f'om side to
side without teuchin’ each other. Willyum
fluttered and tugged to git loose, but he couldn’
an’ shore he couldn’ fly with all that meat
hangin’ to him. I went to him an’ untangled
him an’ tossed him up. He flewed on'y a rod
ur two an’ lit on a branch, Miss Hen, she'd
went back to her nes’, an’ all through the fight
she set there lookin’ like she was too busy to
think an’ hadn’ never done nothin’ wrong in
her life. I b'lieve she got back on that nes’
afore Willvum saw her ‘cause soon as I'd
picked up Balsam an’ hid he come back to her
an’ strutted ‘roun’ mos’ proud an’ prodijus,
That daid_ villyun. welghed nine poun’ six
ounces an’ he weren't bad arter [ took him off'n
th’ coals He were se'iish, but that didn’ hurt
his flavor none,”

It was high noon. The other man reeled
in slowly, looked at his perished but unscarred
frow and waved his arm in silence toward
eamp Ferugy bent to the oara, still smiling.
fle spoke only once on the return,

“It don’ pay nobody nur nothin’ to bea
hawe.” he said,

“sUuIT CLUBS TO SELL CLOTHING,

The Newest Form of Lottery Craze Which Is
Raging in the West.

“Suit clubs,"’ sometimes called clothing clubs,
lottery schemes for the sale of custom-made
clothing, are becoming popular in some parte
of the West. Determ ned attacks are being
made against these clubs by retail and whole-
sale tailors, It is asserted thal the clubs have
become a the tailoring business
Fears are entertained by tadors that the craze
will finally reach this town, Unless checked at
once there is danger, they say, of the market
being overflooded with an inferior line of goods,

menace to

went |

{

They was a cute leetie hen |

DAY, SEP EMBER 16, 1900.

TODGERS’S DOUBLE LIFE,

LOST CHARACTER OF THE BULLDOG
OWNED BY DOROTHY.

A Visit to Another World Which Taught Bim
the Joys of Rattle and Led to Misappre-
hensions—Dorothy's Discovery of Her Pet's
Weakness—Reformation in the Country.

Todgers is a bulldog, bow-legged, deep-chested
and with a heavy undershot Jaw. He is at present
spending his days ona quiet farm on Longlsland.

The farm, for Todgers at any rate, is a sort

of dogs’ reform school and he was sent there

in order to take him away from the temptations
of city life and build up his character. But
those who know Todgers beet say that any

| dogs that presume too much on the refor-

mation in the Todgers character will get a lesson
that will last them the rest of their lives, which
may not be sucha long time at that

Todgers wasuntil recently the pet and pride of
a brown-eyed young woman who may be called
Dorothy Foster, who is a great admirer
of dogs that are able to fight, but have too
much self-respect to do so. A few days ago
Todgers etood high in that class. But he does
not any longer. And the cause of his downfall
was the ease with which any one, dog or man,
can live a double life in big New York

Todgers went to the mountains this summer.
There he used to accompany Dorothy on all
her walks and drives

“It Is such a comfort to have the old fellow

| with me,” Dorothy used to say, patting Todgers

| Todgers

to the exclusion of the better quality of clothing |

made by tailurs whose business has been sufll-
ciently prosperous Without resource to lottery
schemes

A representative of a large merchant tailoring
establishmentin Fifth aveiue, when asked the

aw . h wean? F pe |
other day toexploin the organization and op- | other dog was carried out of the saloon with

eration of the-e so-called “sui! clubs,”’ said:

‘The ‘suit club’ came is asold as the sawdust
game. Itis the insatiable desire of the mem-
bers of these clubs to wear ‘hotrags’ at the ex-
pense of some one else

“The game is managed somewhat as follows:
Thirty-five or fifty tickets are issued to as many
members, the number in the club depending
upon the valuation of the suits to be drawn. If
the cloth used in making the suits is of amedium
grade the membership of the club will be com-
paratively «mall; if of an exesptionally fine pat-
tern the club hasa large enrolment of members
An assessment of $1 a week is leviedon each
ticket fora period ranging trom one to thirty-five
or fifty weeks, according to the total member.
ship ofthe club, Attheendof the first weeka
drawing is held, when the lucky ticket bolder
drawsasuit Heisathenreleased from further
payments, The proorss is repea'ed from week
to week. The first man who draws the win-
ning Number gets asult of cothes for $1 and
the others for prices ranging from $2 to $85 or
$50. Acclub of thirty-five members, providing
the scheme works perfectly, brings the tatior
$63. This sum divided by thi:ty-five makes
each sult average $18, which, of course, includes
afairrate of profit, Itis fair to suppose that
the suits are worth $18 andno more, The first
seventeen get their sults for less than their
valu, the eighteenth man neither galos nor
loses, while the resaining seventeen pay for
the same suit nearly twice what it is worth

“The promoters of these suit clubs represent
two cla ses of the trade, Tailors in smail towns
or Villages wie find it hard to make both ends
meet adopt the lottery se eme as a good
method for tnereasing their business rhe
country artis ‘s in'entions are usually honest
ard he resorts to no tricks of dee ption
Memvoers of the clubs which he orgacizs«
that frome are sure to win and
others to los’. Itissimply a game of chance.
Witha club of thirty-flie members, by figurivg
{in asmall margin of | rofit from members who
may forfe:t assessments already paid ty drop-
ping ou' of the club and another smal; margin
recured by placing larg r orders with
wholesalers, the tailor can off-r a §20 sult aud
euil make money out of the deal,

“The second class which works this sort of a

ame has 1o-+crusles in deceiving the public.

| to stay,

 

the |

tis this class which predominates and come |

prises travelling agents, who, saying that they
repres nt some lirge tailoring establishment,
travel about the ec untry from toan to town
witha line of samoules. Clubs are enrolled in
several towns by the same agent, and once a
week he makes his round, collecting the asses4
men's and measuri « the lucky drawer for bis
suitofcloties, The first two or three sulta do-
livered are usually of good materi il, wel! fitting
and neat in appearance, the good workmanship
of which serves as an advertisement for the
orga’ ization of new clubs. Sometimes the suite
are represented as worth $285, but the best of
them ofte: times would be dear at $9.99, with a
“Crotonbury" watch thrown in. Frequently
these trave it ne promoters, after organizing the
club and collecting (he firat assessment, disap-
pear and are never seen again in the commu-
nity. This is simply a swindling game

“Out West, where these club. haves flourished,
there were no less than 3,000 aubsecriber in one
eity. In Detroit recently a dissatisfied mem-
club, the last man _to be released,
brought suit
the $25 naid and t).ereal value of the clothes
The case wee found to have ‘no oanse for ac-
tion,’ the decision belog@ given on the around
that the plaintiff voluntarily agreed to the pro-
visions of the cluband that the defendant had
not mis'epresented the scheme to him. In
he pro-
moter of the cub arrested under a section of
the penal code relating to lotteries. The court
found the tailor guilty of violating. the lotrery
law and Imposed a fine and ordered him to dis-
continue the business. The decision of the
lowe’ court wis sustained by the Supreme
Court of the State.”

Teg t mate cu tom tailors assert that the suit
came is not the only evil threatening the buasi-
ness. “Misfit parlors,” which draw consider-
edie trade away rom the tailors, are beng
© tab.ished all over the country = It is said that
bona
fide miafit or left-over suit which has bean ob-
tained at a bargain from some fashionable
tailoring establishment. Inat-ad ther offer to
the publie a cheap arade of ready-made clothing,
cut from up-to-date patterns. These good. are
repres*n'ed as genuine misfits, but in reality
are cheap imitations and dear at any price,

to recover the differeno: between”

onthetip of his very stubnose. “I feel perfectly
safe with Todgers, and at the same time there
is never any danger of his getting into a fight.
In ail his life he has never once fought.”

If the caller happened to be a girl she would
say: “The dear, sweet old fellow.” If the
caller was a man he would look at the deep
chest and undershot jaw and think: “What
a sinful waste of good fighting material.”

But evil companions and the temptations
of city life proved too much for the virtuous
Dorothy didn't take many walks
in the city, and Todgers had a good dea! of time
to spare and develop the habit of walking on
his own account. One day he roamed over
to the Fast Side. The surroundings weren't
what he had been accustomed to, but Todgers
wanted to see life. He did

At the corner of Second avenue stood a little
group of men, well but a little loudly dressed.
All were engaged in reading the sporting pages
of various papers, One of them saw Todgers.

“My Gawd,” he said in tones of awed ad-
miration. “Just glance at the jaw on his
dogiets. He's a thoroughbred, if there ever
was one.”

The loudly dressed men made friends with
Todgers, and patted him on the head, and felt
of his chest and jaw muscles, They didn’t
know his name, so they called him Old Sport.
Todgera, despite his effete bringing up, had a
big vein of sporting blood in him. And almost
unconsciously he had grown weary of feminine
caresses and pettings, and of being fed on
dainty food and driven through the Park sit-
ting on @ luxurious cushion, Todgers couldn't
analyze his feelings, but he had been uneasy
since his return to the city, And the praises
of the loudly dressed men, and the sawdust
on the floor of the saloon they entered, and the
big piece of raw meat they gave him, all suited
him. Todgers didn’t know it, but one of his
ancestors had been a renowned fighter and had
died in the ring, matched against a younger
and stronger dog, but grimly holding on until
death came. The ancestor's blood was stir-
ring in Todgers's veins, Scientific men call
this atavism, but the loudy dressed men in
the saloon said

“Look at the jaw of him.
fighter from Fightersville,”

Then they brought in another dog, built
somewhat after the manner of Todgers, but
lacking the jaw developement of Dorothy's
pet. Todgers was willing to make friends
and advanced toward the strange dog in a
democratic spirit of good fellowship. But
the strange dog, after a furtive glance at Tod-
gers, sprang forward and grabbed him by the
front lew. Todgers had never before been

treated in that way, But the blood of the
fighting ancestor waa in the ascendant now
The strange dog was better trained and it was
juite a While before Todgers could really bring
his Jaw Into action. Shen he did finally

That dog's a

pm

fasten his grip on the strange dog he had him |

by the back, and was working with steadfast
earnestness toward the backbone, The other
dog held on to Todgers's lew for a few momenta
Then he weakened and whined and tried to
get away
Three men and a stout iron bar were
finally successful in opening his jaws, and the

Todgers growling and straining at his collar
in his atternpts to get at hin

When Todgors finally returned to the Foster
residence late that night he limped, and one
of his front paws w@s torn and bh edin But
his heart was filled with joy At fast he had
really lived

Dorothy bound up the wounded paw, and
petted Todgers and deplored the accident

“it really isn't safe to let poor Todgers go
out alone in this big city,” she said to her brother
Tom “My poor pet must have wandered away
from home and a wagon, or Car, or Fomethin
run over his foot and crushed it Poor, old

she added, patting Todgers on the
*Did the wicked wagon run over his

fellow,”
head
foot?

Brother Tom looked criticall
yw Somehow the injury
ht was due to a wagon

“Looks more as if a dog had chewed it,”
remarked Tom. “And I'll bet that dog is wish-
ing he hadn't done it, too.”

*He never fights,” replied Dorothy severely
“If 8ome quarrelsome dog bothered him, my
Todgers® would walle away ”

Tom glanced at the undershot Jaw

“Maybe he would. But I'd be willing to
give odds they would have to carry the other
dog aw ay.”

For a few days Todgera endured tting
Rut he was at heart A masculine dog, and longed
for riotous pleasures, and the fawdust of the
saloon, and the big pieces of ment tossed him
by the loud'y dressed men. Perhapa, too,

at the wounded
idn't look as if

|} that other dog would like to trv conclusions

again So one afternoon Todgers Slipped ont
of the Foster residence and made his way to
the scene of his former triumph, He met
with a eordial welcome from the loudly dressed
men. But Todgers, while willing to be affable
had come over on buainesa. He had tasted
the delights of a fight, and sinoe then his prog-
reas {mn Ataviam had been speedy = And Tode-
ers looked around anxiously for the other dog

The other dow wasn't in steht, but if it was
fighting Todgers was looking for his new ac
quaintances were willing and anxious he should
be accommodated. His opponent this time
was larger than Tod@ers and put up a beau-
tifulfght. Butin the end Todgers’s blue blood
and superior qualities told, and at the finish
his antagonist had nothing but a decent burta
coming to htm. Todgers himself was covered
with blood and torn in a dozen places. But
he was happy and contented, and wagged
his stub tall in triumph and recetved the pleces
of raw meat offered him as his due after having
fought a good fight and won After a decent
interval Todgers felt that he had sufficiently
enjoyed the pleasures of a strenuous life, and
that It was time for him to return home. Some
of the menin the saloon wanted to keep him

“He's too good a dog to_let go," said the
saloon keeper, “Just stand in front of the
door, Bill, and keep him tn unt!! I get a rope”

Bill closed the door and stood in front of it
Todgers wanted to get out. His stub tall
stopped wagging. He gave a low, but very
deep crow! and looked up at Bill. It wasn't
a hurried, or angry inspection, just a calm,
critical one, as if he was trying to decide in
what part of Bill's anatomy the undershot
Jaws could get the best grip. And Bill made
up his mind that he did not care to stand in
front of the door any longer

When the saloon keeper returned with the
rope he reproached Bill for not detaining
Todgers. But Bill didn't seem to regret his
decision,

“It was tooclosein here with the door closed,”
replied Bill. “And, anyhow, I've got a family
depending upon me. There he goes up the
street Run after him yourself and bring
him back.”

The aaloon keeper looked at Todgers'a burly
retreating figure. Then he shook his head

“He ain't my dog, and {t wouldn't be honest”
he anid decidedly “Besides it wouldn't
right to
extra work on a hot day like this”

When Todcers presented himself at the Fos-
ter home Dorothy was almost heartbroken
at the condition of her pet

“The poor dog can't go out of the house
alone without nearly getting killed,” said Dor-
othy sorrowfully “The other day he came
home with his foot crushed by a wagon, and
now some wicked dog has almost torn him to
vleces
; “I'd like to see the other dog,” said brother
Tom thoughfully. “Probably he looks as if
he'd been through a atone crusher.”

“It must
dogs that men train to fight.” answered Doro-
thy indignantly “He probably saw poor
Todgers walking peacefully along the street
end tried to kill him because he knew Todgers
wasn't a flahting dog. Todgers was with mo
in the mountains all summer and none of the
dogs there bothered him But I suppose in
a big city there are lots of dogs that like nothing
better than to uy to tear some helpless crea-

But ‘lodgers had fastened his grip |

be
{ve the ambulance doctors a lot of |

have heen one of those dreadful |

It’s a wonder Todgers wasn't

ture to pieces.
killed. After this I wont let him go out of the |

house unless I am with him.”

‘Tom looked at the helpless creature doubt-
fully. It didn't seer probable to him that any
dog would tackle Todgers without provocation,
“Maybe the other dog belonged to a Logs
Suicide Club,” he ventured

But Dorothy refused to believe that her pet
could have been the aggressor, and it was de-
cided not to let Todgers out of the house alone
If Todgers could have strayed away once ina
while and sated his soul with a good fight, all
would have been well, but he was too closely
watched for this. He fretted, and the longin
for one more good fight grew stronger anc
stronger. His reputation as a dog whose
ways were those of peace increased under
this régime, and Dorothy was firm in the be-
lief that he would never fight, exvept to pro-
tect her. But Todgers was tempted and fell

Ope afternoon Dorothy took a walk
stalked solemnly behind her. He had been
obedient, and gentle, aud submitted to petting
for more than two Weeks, ‘and now his heart
was filled with bitterness
him so closely and never give him a chance
to escape from feminine thraldom and for a
short half hour enjoy the delights of a stub-
boraly contested fight and use his teeth in the
manner nature had plainly intended? Then
he would be willing to return home and once
more become a respectable dog

A big mastiff was walking upthe avenue
Todgers eyed him wistfully, and thought what
@ beautiful battle a fight with the mastift woud
make, The mastiff was larger than lodgers
and looked down at him with contempt. Tod-
@ers bewan to circle around the mastiff, growl-
ing @ staccato challenge The mastiff took @
good look at the undershot jaw and began to
edge off He didn't want to fight after all
But Todgers did

“Todgers, Todgers,” called Dorothy, “Come
here, this instant! Let that big dog alone!
He will kill you.”

But Todgers, the flerce lust of battle in
his soul, threw himself on the mastiff For 4
moment there was a whirling, growling mass
Then it was evident that Todgers had the larger
dog by the throat and meant to hold on. Two
big policemen came running un, and tried to
pull Todgers off. That didn't work. Then
one of them managed to Inserta club between
Todger's Jaws, and using it as a lever broke
his grip. The mastiff retreated and Todgers,
after making vain efforts to escape from the
grip the policemen had on his collar, consented
aulkily to accompany Dorothy home. But
his character as an injured, oppressed, and
helpless dog was gone forever

“He will have to go back to the country, I
aunpose, “ said Dorothy tearfully, “until he
gets over this dreadful habit of fighting liv-
ing in the city seems to have changed his na-
ture. He was such a good dog, too.”

But over {in a Second avenue saloon they
atill tell tales about the fighting bulldog that
could defeat any dog In the district

“And if Rill had only had the pluck to keep
the door closed,” the saloon keener said re-
rretfully, after a recital of Todgers's many
virtues, “that dow might be with us to-day ”

"The dog might be," replied Bill calmly
“But Bill wouldn't.”

RAISED A CUBAN TOBACCO CROP,

Interesting Experiment in Connecticut and Its
Expected Effect—Good Crop This Year.

Harrrornp, Conn., Sept. 9-—An experimental
crop of Cuban tobacco has been grown this
year by A. H. Brothers of Poquonock. The
growth of the plants was watched with much
interest, as this fleld bears the only tobaceo of
the kind grown in the State’ Two years ago
Congressman E. Stevens Henry sent a small
package of Cuban tobacco seed to Mr. Brothers
The seeds were planted in the spring, but only
eight plants matured. From these few plants
were obtained the seedthat Mr. Brothers planted
this spring, from which he has raised about
one-third of an acre of Cuban tobacco, The
crop was mut this week, but not until it has gone
through the sweat and has been cured will
ita utility for cigar purposes be known

The plant differs considerably from the
ordinary Havana seed tobacco. It is much
slimmer and the leaves are smaller and droop-
ing» The texture is heavier, indicating that
the leaves may be used for wrappers, although
Cuban tobacco is not generally
wrapping, the leaf not being sufficiently smooth
and thin. Mr. Floyd, a Government expert,
has watched the development of this crop
with interest, and a test will be made to de-
termine if a complete cigar, filler and wrap-
per, of satisfactory flavor can be made from
this Cuban tobacco

A curious feature of the crop is that {t is
naturally spotted. The leaves are regular!
and handsomely spo'ted, and as no chemicals
have been used it is supposed that the spota
are caused by the stings or exudations of in-
sects. If this is the case the kind of insect is
unknown. More tobaceo {s being artificially
spotted in the fleld this year than ever before,
The spotting is done by the buyer, and when
there is a loss it falls upon him; still the growers
are not wholly satisfied with the scheme. They
fay that there is a shrinkage of from 200 to gov
pounds to the acre. The buyer places the loss
at not over fifty pounds, but whatever it is it
falis upon the buyer. Great care has to be
used in the application of the spotting fluid
If it is applied too freely the plants are burned
and made worthless. In some flelds in this
State buyers have intrusted the work of spot-
ting to inexperienced hands, with the result

Todgers |

favored for |

 

Why did they watch |

| feet

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

 

that in parts of several fields the plants are |

wilted and burned.

Throughout the State this season's crop {s
the largest and best for years, and should the
season be a good curing one the farmers will
receive prices above the ave-age, as livht
wrappers of good quality are scarce in
market, Last seaton nany new tobacco barns
were put up and building is going on this sea-
ton. Almost every farmer has a little more
tobaceo in the ground this year than ever be-
fore, and seientifice principles are being an-
piled to harvesting and curing the crop in
the larger fields, The experiment station at
Poquonock has done much toward stimulating
scientific tobacco culture in this region. At-
tention has been given. to artificial
sweating, the pretection of whole
through the entire season to
injury by hail, and = improvement
mechanical facilities for handling the crop.
The farmers, through President Frye of the
Connecticut Tobacco Growers’ Association,
have fought against the introduction of Cuban

prevent
in the

the |

flelds

and Porto Rican tobacco, but are now assured |

that the prestige of Connecticut tobaceo for

by competition with outlander tobaces, At
the same time the agitation has been valuable
in teaching the farmers that if they
succeed in making tobacco raising profitable
they must apply more up-to-date methods
aud scientific principles.

Harvesting has been going on the past week
and the season's crop everywhere f bountt-
ful and of excellent quality There has heen
no damawe by hail this year, and
and medium fleids are of luxuriant growt!
The late set, also, will be above the average
if the mild weather continues a little longer
highty-five per cent. of the crop is reckoned
as good; 10 per cent. emall, and & per cent
pinched Cottonseed meal and cotton hull
ashes are the principal fertilizers used) Bny-
ers are slow in making prices, as it is a Presi-
dential year. They are also holding off to see
how the crop cures. From 18 to 25 cents a
pound is the average price expected, and,
besides, many farmers get a guarantee of from
$50 to $100 an acre

DOES THE CUCKOO

WALLOW ITS EGGa?

A Nataralist Believes That It Carries tt in It
QGiophagas and Disgorges It.

Some recent observations by a British nat-
uralist, if they are accurate, should do much
to solve the question how the cuckoo geposits
its eggs in other birds’ nests. The naturaiist

wrapping Biurpones cannot be put in Jeopardy |
| ten pounds and carries but 48 rounds in gun

would |

both early |

| gemi-automatic

was sitting by the roadside when a cuckoo lit |

ona hedge ata short distancefrom hm. Pres-
ently the bird flew across to the opposite hedge,
Immediately there was uproar among
little birds and half a dozen sparrows set upon
the newcomer and drove it off. In this there
was nothing unusual, as the ordinary hard-
working, conscientious bird has a natural an-
tipathy to the cuckoo,

After a brief struggle the cuckoo flew away,
to return to the charge in the space of a few
minutes, On its first appearance the natural-
ist had noticed nothing curious about the cuckoo,

the |

| was $1,000 on the tree.

but now he observed that lis neck was swollen |

up Ina strange manner, asthough the bird had
some large object tn its @sophagus This
time the cuckoo made for a different
in the hedge and was not molested by the spar-
rows. A pair of robbins, however, barred
its approach, and a fierce battle ensued. The
robbins hung on_to their big adversary with
determination. The throat was their chief
voint of attack, and the cuckoo was once or
wice so hard pressed that it opened its beak
and squawked dismally. However,

point |

welght |

told, and the cuckoo finally succeeded in mak- |

ing ita way Into the hedge. Here {it remained
for a few momenta, its tail belng visible to the
observer the whole time.

After the bird had flown away the naturalist
went over to the spot He found a robin's

nest containing three eggs, one of which was |

that of a cuckoo. The egg was covered with a
sticky substance Hke saliva. No instance
of the observation of a cuckoo actually laying
an egg ts recorded. This bird's position waa
such that it could not have been laying on ogg
Again the fact that the bird equawked when
hard pressed by the robins proves that it wos
not carrying the ege inits mouth. Finally
there was the lump in the throat and the sally,
on the ege. From all this the naturalist con-
cluded that the cuckoo is In the habit of swale
lowing its ewe as far as the upper part of Ita
cesophagus or somewhat in the same manner
as some snakes are said to do on the approach
of danger, and disgorging it in the nest which
{t has chosen as the cradle of ite offspring,

NEW WAR MATERIAL

DISPLAYS IN PARIS OF THE VICKERS
MAXIM AND HOTCHKISS COMPANIES,

Notable Exhibits of Modern High Power
Sma'l Caliber Ordnance—Automatic Gans
~ The Hotchkiss System — Interesting
Description of the Chief Novelties Showa,

Notable among the many guns exhibited
at the Paris exhibition are the gas gun of rifle
ealiber, the 1, 3, 6 and 14-pounder automatioe
guns, the 47-inch fleld gun, and the 7,5-ineh
coast defence gun.

The automatic prineiple formerly confined
to guns of rifle caliber—still called Maxims-+
has now been extended to weapons firing 1,
8, 6 and 1d4-pounder projectiles, firing in a mine
ute, respectively, 300, 35, 30 and 25 shota or
shells, ranging in velocity from 1870 to 2,500
per second. The importance of long
range, which is largely determined by the
muzzle velocity, and great rapidity of fire have
been proclaimed to all the world by the war in
South Africa: but when high explosives (such
as lyddite) are used to charge the projectiles
the effect is far greater than that suggested
by the mere number of rounds per minute,
The 1-pounder is the famous “pom-pom” of the
Boer war, which haa been so much praised by
military attachés and war correspondenta,
not only for ita great rapidity of fire and its
mobility, but also for ite physical and moral
effecta—ita stopping power

The automatic arrangement in all the larger
guns is somewhat similar; instead of the breech
block belug serewed Into the breech, as in the
ordinary breechloaders, it works in these
guns in a vertical plane between guides, and
the recoil of the gun on firing ia utilized for
operating the block. On recoil, a spring under
the gun is compressed, which, operating @
lever attached to the bottom of the block, pulle
it downward: meanwhile, a little clip moving
with the block extracts the cartridge case from
the chamber, and the mere putting in of a new
projectile by the gunner sete the mechanism
in action again. The gunner then merely
inserts the charge and fires the piece; the block
works automatically

In the 1-pounder gun the projectiles are
fed into the mechanism from a belt and the
reooll upon each discharge moves an arrange-
ment of levers, inclosed in a casing, which
automatically extracta the cartridge case and
ejecta it from a alot below, at the same time
withdrawing a new bullet from the belt, ram-
ming a new chargehome in the chamber and
fring the gun The gunner has merely to set
the mechanism going and then point the gun;
the rest is aytomatic

The new 47-inch fleld gun has the ordinary
screw breech block, but so modified that the
continuous forward imovement of the lever
performs the threefold duty of unlocking,
rotating and withdrawing the block from the
breech, thus giving a rapidity of fire of six
shota a minute, which for a 45-pound pro-
jectile is quite remarkable

In the 75-inch and heavier Vickers guns
the breech-block ia the interesting point Itts
so shaped that three-fourths (instead of one-
half, as in other guns) of the surface is avail-
able to resist pressure, consequently the breech-
block can be shortened about one third its length
and the breech end of the gun (by far the heavier)
be correspondingly reduced, saving much in
weight At the same time the length of the
muzzle erd can be correspondingly inoreased,
thus giving a much higher muzzle velocity.
The 12-inch Vickers gun, for example, develops
a muzzle energy of 89,843 foot-tons, whereas
the energies of the British, French and United
States naval service guns are, respectively
£9,020, 80,750 and 25,985 foot-tons. The 75-inch

| gun fires a shot just double the weight of the

projectile for the ordinary 6-inch gun, and
ata higher velocity. The Vickers 6-inch gun,
now adopted for our navy, has a muzzle energy
of 5,340 foot-tons against the British service

| type'’s 3,356

The mobility of the Vickers guns {s also
greatly in their favor. The 47-inch gun with
carriage weighs only 5,100 pounds; the 14
pounder (83-inch) fleld gun alone weighs 2,350

| pounds; the 6-pounder gun and carriage, 1,900

pounds: the 3-pounder, 1,750 pounds and the
1-pounder, 1,150 pounds

Krupp was the great ordnance exhibitor at
our Chicago exhibition, and Vickers is at Paris;
but the Hotchkiss firm is the only one that has
been prominent in displaying its material at
both exhibitions. The Hotchkiss guns are
adopted in the armaments of nearly all the
Powers, the calibres running from about 1.6
to 4.7 inches, but mostly under 3 inches.

The great mnajority of these are navy guns,
intended either for the fighting tops of ships
or for the decks of light cruisers and gunboatse—
a few for landing purposes. Their rate of fire
varies from thirty rounds per minute In the
armnaller calibers to ten in the larger. One new
kind of mounting enables the gun to be with-
drawn from the porthole and swung around,
so that the port may be entirely closed, which
is often a great advantage.

The material of greatest interest to the army,
however, comprises fleld guns, mountain guns,
revolving cannon, automatic mitrailleuses,
semi-automatic guns, disappearing turrets
and rampart carriages

The field guns are alittle under 3 inches In
caliber, designed to combine power with light
weight, but the kind that fires a shell of only

and limber will be found more espectally useful
as a landing gun. The heavier mountain een
{s about 3 inches and weighs nearly 200 POUAdies
the lighter is 1.65 inches and weighs only 1244
pounds. There is also a specially light fleld
gun for rough work, such as has recently been
required in Africa of 1.46 inches caliber, twenty
calibers long

The revolving cannon are 1.46, 1.57 and 1.8%
inches in caliber, intended either for the de
fence of flanks or on decks of warships. The
automatic mitrailleuse fires infaniry ammue-
nition and can be carried entire (gun, tripod
mounting for the fleld, accessories and 600
rounds of ammunition) on a single mule. The
first round is loaded by hand, and then the
firing continues automatically until the charger
is empty, when the breech remains open The
guna (about 2 or 2‘: inches in
caliber) are arrange that the insertion
of the charge puts the breech action in motion,
and the breech closes itself ready for firing,
The disappearing turret is for quick-flring
guns for inland forts, aud requires two men we
work it.

80

FRUIT IN WAYNE COUNTY.
Choloest Apples Selling at ®1 a Barrel--Sales
of 52,000 Lushels on the Tree,
WoLcoTt, Sept. 9—D. Mack Weager, a lead-
ing Buller farmer, has bought the apples in
the 3¢-acre Fernando Merrill orchard on
the outakirts of this village. The price paid
Experts estimate the
number of bushels of apples as 80,000. The
exocutors of the Draper estate also have sold
their half of the apples in the Draper & Thacker
orenard to Albert B. Thacker, brother-in-law
of Mrs. Augusta R. Thacker, who owns the
other haif of the orchard, for $600. Th» ore
chard contains twent) acres and the total yleld

is estimated at 22.000 bushels
The buying of apples is now
dustry of this entire section The price paid
for barre ling fruit has so many alternatives,
that it is rather bewildering to the untoitiated,
Only the very ehoicest are bought: virtually
“facing” apples througheut the barrel no
seconds” in the middle as in ordinaty years,
Dealers pay $1 a barrel when the producer
furnishes barrels and packs the fruit: or 65 to
68 cents when the dealer supplies the barrels;
to 45 ce iu the pile, when the dealer
I tothe hard and does all the
kine: or 20 ceuts a bushel whea
they tiruit on the ase
sorting table and subsequentiy takes away
the rejected apples. A majority seem to be
seliing in the ile Thev thus do not have to
bother about have more time to
yote to ot!
The Bare

the chief ine

rel
Pyoept plek
»wer deliver

merrels and
T crops

{ pear season ver
carloads have been shint ft this village
during the 1 fortoigtht md a hf cents
@ pound be prey if Price for choice
fru * 4 iiferi quailty were

bout ai

« \ mae
‘ry finest,

i wd $2 a
' ring «i to 6) @onta,
ferrin

leell bo lle the

sirrnye®
) wi, HOV .
Dever Temes ris
@ peronal faver when tley «
plume a¢ aay price,