=

   

 

A LESSON FOR AN ENGLISH TENDER: |

FOOT AT TOMUSTONE.

Me Co

ef Extra Torrtdity While Gone

Pointed

who walked into a restaurant {o some small
town and callei for a plate of beans.
the beans were brought to him he

proveof them, and he manifested his disapproval
Then a man of
mystery who was sitting at @ nearby table
calmly yanked a gun from one of the rear com-
partmenta of hia clothes, put {t on the chap
who didn't enthuse over his beans, and mildly, ,
but in « tone that meant business, requested |
the kicker to eat his mess of Boston fruit, down |

by pitching into the walter.

to the final bean on the plate. The bean-

eater perceive! the wisdom of performing this

ttle unier-thegun stunt, and when he had
partaken of the last friJole the man of mystery
returned his fowling-piece to its proper recep-
tecle and went his way

“I remember a similar incident that happened
down in Tombstone when Tombstone was in
the middle of Ita whiz and all to the good, so
far es material prosperity went. Virgil Earp,

who, for all the stories about him, was the

squarest man of that heap-bed Earp bunoh,
aid Frank Carlin, one of Virgt!'s pals and a pretty
quick man on the shoot himeelf, were the two
that had the fan out of the game, while a raw
young Engiiahman who struck Arizona before
the rough o!@es of his arrogance were worn off
held the bag. The young Englishman was 4&
howling swell, but as he had crifte into Tomb-
stone with the itea of looking over a claim or
two, the boys didn't perforate his duce any.
They even atood for his breaking out a frock
oont and a top hat on Sunday without evincing
any cisposition to punotire the togs up any,
which was a huge and unprececented concession
on the part of the Tombstone populace. When,
however, the young man had spent a couple
of weeks tn the camp, and had turned up his nose
at al! the promising holes tn the ground that
were shown to him, alrfng his mining eohool
Rhnowladgs with a good deal of osteantation, the
boys began to sort o' freeze on him some

It became obvious that there was going to
be nothing doting so far as his blowing himself
on Tombstone mineral futures was concerned,
and the gang began to mumble about his hold-
ing onto an immunity from camp frivoloua-
ness that was not extended to other tendarfeet.
Moreover, this young Britisher wae a good
deal on the domineer. fle had a habit of order-
{ng folks around. fle seamed to hare the
microbe that it waa up to all hands to Jump
and knuckle their foreheads when he passed

the word, and he was quite a lot on the bull- |

doze in his dealings with people whose jobs
compelled
way of handling his game, He'd stand off
and abuse a poor devil of a Chink Iike fury
{f the slant-eye didn't have his wash done tn
time, and he was full of little tricks like that.
Now, this sort of thing don't go in a camp like
Tombstone, where every man, white, black
or yellow, is as good as another, #0 long as he
shows no particular inclination to hog the plant.
The boys got to noticing and commenting
on the young Englishman's haughty way of
throwing himself, and then it was about up to
the young man to get the jolt that he soon got.

One afternoon he walked into the feed-

shack of Moy Sing, as square a Chink aa ever |

wore halr in a plait, and demanded some tamales.
He announced loudly that he'd never tried
the miaerable trashy things, but that he hado't
found anything else fit for a dog to eat In Tomb-
stone, so that he might as well experiment.
fle demanded that Moy atep lively about get-
ting the tamales ready, and in general he lugged
in a lot of personally conducted talk and con-
dict that sort o' made Virell Karp and Frank
Carlin, who were peaceally partaking of their

ham and eggs in the back part of the shack,
twist some in their chairs. Virgll and Frank
looked a long time at the Englishman and then
they looked at each other, but they didn't say
anything. ‘They ‘ust tossed around in their
chaira some, as 1 say, and carved their ham
ging o spitefully, and listened to the young
ritisher a-shooting off his fronticniece

‘Well, Moy Sing got the Englishman's ta-
sales ready in good time, and served ‘em
ov, the throwing together of tamales was

one of Moy's fanciest grafts. He could cook
any old thing so that it ‘ud taste toothsome
to a man put up the right way, but he was a
gure enough ace when it carne to the matter of
tamales. What's more could entertain
a certan feeling of confidence while stowing
away Moy's tamales, which is more than could
be said for the tamales of a whole lot of other
Chinksa farther north and west; more than
could be said for the tamales put up by the
Chinks of San Francisco, for instance, where
surreptitiously slanghtered sea guile sed to
int e composition of the tamales, in
of proper « Ke There wasn't a man

vou

     

 
 
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

in Tombstone that didn't whack Moy Sing on ,
the bach ts blouse for his hot tamales
Consequently, when this voung man from
the other - took 4# little nibble at one of the
tamales Moy had dished up for him, and eniffed
at it, and then deliberate apat out the mor-
ge], at the same time making use of alot of cuss
words bearing upon t filthiness of the con-

   

‘ ur
warm, red blood of Farp
ree through ‘em onthe

founded
and Carlin

 

ible, and : all could do to keep
butting in cle But they only
glanced expresaively at each other again and
went on wit their repast Meanwhile, the

Moy Sing's eves and his eare

Britisher demmed

  
   
 

    

and sundry and divers other portions of the
@irprised Chink’s anatomy, and demanded
Ploy to remove amales and throw n into
the discard barrel the ok

ths i Frank_ Carlin

     

f having finished
what was coming to

 

paid

past,

    

TAMALES WHAT HENEEDED sxgPsepate uit

Dp
Mines Obliged Thereupon to Bat Tamaies
Were

at Him- Reformation Effected,

“I read a news !tem in Tas Sun the other day,”
paid a buyer from the Southwest, “about a ohap

When
didnt ap- national dis

them to stand for his cavallerly ,

 

 

inda of @ knook at
t for coyotes,

ut you like tamales, all th’ same,
ald Karp, {n atone of quiet con-

‘You're a-goin’ t' like ‘em to-night,
foy’s got @ bunch of ‘em fixed to-

' embrey,’
viotion.
anyhow

| night that'll make your teeth leak, you'll like |

‘em 60 much,’ and Just then Moy, in obedience
to a signal from Carlin, planted the steaming
dish of tamales on the table in front of the
Englishman, who looked up in amazement.
“Why, what the dev—' he started to say
t when he saw the muzzies of Earp an
‘arlin's guns within a foot of his head he sud-
eniy broke off and hie jaw fell, and he col-
apsed back In his chair like a man who's just
read a bad telegram ,
"'V'eag.’ sald Barp, ‘tamafos is a sort o'
down thisaway, ombrey, an
{x es’ naturally th’ beat things f'r a man that
lives in this here climate t’ eat, if you on
knowed {t. Now, you don't look jem’ exactly
on edge, so to sneak, an’ It's with a due re-
ard t’ your health, son, that a few of us has
decided that tamales is jew what you need
in vour business. Which th’ same bein th’
case, go ahead an’ git outside o' that pile o

hott sours, the. haughty young Engltah
7 course, e hat y you °
man was onto the tact, fo before Farp had
finished his little speech, that {t was a Job.
He had also fl@u {t out, fudging rom the
eagerness with which he began to chew. up
that plateful of tamales, that there was nothing
whatever of a frivolous or playful character
{n Earp’s little invitation, backed up, as If was,
| by the two long forty-fives tn Farp’s and Car-
| Hin's hands Of, 6 showed his gonse at that
| oritloal moment'in his carear, all right. He
began to eat those tamales like as if he was
| doing it for wages. Moy had made em as
hot as that notorious set of hinges you've heard
about, but thelr heat didn’t appear to bother
the young Englishman a little bit, except that
he « uttered and gasped quite a heap, and
| reached over after every mouthful and gulned
| down @ big swallow of the water out o «ti
at Mov had benevolently provided.

up
| Bar and Carll ted their guna on the edge

th table, att Reaping m ma line with

t man’s top-plece, bo ,

ths rent f the « at @ tables leaned back

{n thetr chairs and smo reflectively.
| _ * "Well bor lo they go, porinay? inquired
Farp, solicitously, after a long silence, whe
| “4 voung Engllahman had eaten about half
| of the mees of sizaiing hot tamales. ‘Gettin
o vou Hike ‘em? Think they’ro good enough
‘reovotes? Think you'd git so after a etretch
that vou couldn't naturally live without tam-
alea?’
a |
his tam
“‘'Tet's eee,’ said Carlin, after
| another pause, ‘you made them tarnaleg out
| 0 puprande, havin’ no chickens handy, didn't
you, Moy?’
“Moy nodded affirmattvely and the subdued
; youth who was eating the things which were
onienen meat
ac

ngliahman only went on munching
os without making any reply
muasingly

' of course made out of good
looked up with a ghastly pallor on his face
i “Ft don't make no sort of difference what
! they're made of,’ put In Earp, raising his aun
| afew inches from the table again, ‘they’re pow-
erful good, hain t they, ombrey?’

“The Englishman didn't stultify himeelf by
| replying, but the significant elevation of the
gun got him at his task in a hurry a ain and

within a few momenta he had cleaned up the

last vestige of that meas of tamales Then most

of the gang got up and strolled out arinning
Earp and Carlin put their guns away and leaned
back tn their chalre and surveye the aullen
young Englishman, who was @ pretty game
man at bottom for all his youthful arrogance

Earp, when

“'Didn't you enloy em” inquired
| the young Britisher was taking his final gulp

| of water
“No, answered the Fnalishmen.
| ‘Well,’ sald Farp, after a pause, we cut @
| tter figure, son, by refusin' t' say W at you
on't mean than you do w’en you shoot of
your face jes’ f'r th' seamin’ purpose Q. makin
other men onhappy with thelr lot. Now, ta-
niales ia a part o’ th’ game down this, way,
which, that beln’ th’ case, {t hain’t up t you,
! an’ it hatn’t up t’ nobody else, t’ come prancio
in here an’ tryin t’ make useick of ‘em. You've
got nice pink cheeks, son, an’ a good wardrobe,
an’ I guess you come from th right am 9
stock, as lime-julcers go, but they ea whole
heap o’ hifalutinness about you that needa t’ be
ut on. ioe Nobody groun, here means no
1arm t’ you, an’ nobody hatn’t a- oin’ t’ try
t' give you none th’ worst of {tas long as I'm
pokin’ aroun’ this camp but th’ nex’ time that
you feel like you've jes’ naturally got t heave
out fancy cracks about th’ grub that people
down th{a away eats, an’ that they're damned
lad t’ wit t' eat, you're a-goin'’ t’ find yourself
n th’ middle o' a game o’ tag, son, that li make
you wish they wa'nt no ahips or steame
left on th’ deep blue sea w’en you was born, an
you can put that in one of those foolish little
; Pape: smokes o’ yours an’ puff at it real hard
| The youn ritisher showed that he had
| the right kind of atuff In him by declining to
| quitthecampunderacloud. fe stayed around
| for another month, behaving himself like a lit-
nd when he did Anally pull hia freight

tle man
farp and Carlin were two of the gang that saw
thim off and the young fellow did something

that it’s very hard for an Enaltshman to do—
| he admitted to Farp, with a very re face, that
| that tamale lesson was one that he'd no doubt
| needed in his business.”

————$ er

| MIGATY TIDAL WAVES.

The Innadation at Galveston Will Rank Among
| the Most Dicastroas.

From the St. Lowie Giobe Democrat.

| That the coasts of England have been visited
by many and disastrous tidal waves there Is
abundant evidence. In fact, the ooean bay,
which surrounds nearly the whole of England
and Scotiand, is evidence enough that the en-

tire shore line as it exists to-day ia ltself the re- |

sult of a great submersion, or series of submer-
sions, which ages ago overflowed the old oonat,
rushed Inshore, made new land lines and, hol-
lowing out between the new line and the old, a
new ocean bed, leaving what had been called
the ooast line tobe forever after called “the
bar.” The bar is to be found {n nearly every
portof England, eloquent testimony to the
tidal wavesof the past. But there is lit'le of
other testimony save sich as has been pre-
served in the records of seaport towns.

One of the greatest cataclyams ever occurring
on the British coast was that on the coast of
Lincolnshire in 1571. This has been commem-

| orated in verse by Jean Ingelow in the poem
entitled ‘‘Higb Tide Off the Coast of Linooln-
shire.” The Lincolnshire ooast ia almost
uniformly low and marshy—so low, In fact, at
some places that the shore requires the defenoa
| of an embankment to save {tt from the en-
croachments of the sea. A sea wail had been
built when the great tidal wave of 1571 came,
butit ar pear to have been absolutely useleas

hin, and the iked over to where the En- ‘
giis! an eat fui “. he? Chick's | ; asa defeno of the country and the people at
podner?’ asked } ark, Nene amales, 6h, | that time. At the present day the fens of
The young man from the British Isle re- | Lincolnshire are defended froin the North Sea
piled thet he was denimied if he did, and that by some of the finest engineering works In the
id i } whe : shinee, oo | world, and yet It is much to be doubted whether
“re pur bor ar aroun’ this | they would prove effective againat such in-
Ay ae mi ENow, said | vasions as that which has just overwhelmed

vn didn't care tap ance how | Galveston
y were: they wern't popular with | There are ancient town records in nearly all
‘ and he'd be pretty glad when ! the seacoast towns of Linco nshire which tell of
t rant ft. raR areas gue could | the inundation of 1751 Thers was then, as
7 urlin didnt appear to want to | thereist ow, a chime of bella in the tower of St.
are a er, phey sree OMS Li ; Botolph, Boston, and when the tide was seen to
ther got outs We, ‘d've k 7 that I think that bea sweening away te barriers the Mavor of
fine jirer te tary suck on tatnalen, Bea's and tha old loge song onied The Bride
eat oak 1. ownup ttt Aint that th’ way | of Enderby’ as an alarm to the countryside,
Hut the tide came so unheralced, there having

Wa es a-thinkin’ th’

plied Carin
‘Yan,’

arr ‘he's fea’ bashful

 

 

same way,’ re-

of it in stormor temry eat,

boen no premonitior
ea was Notund:r

that the meaning of the chir

 

     

went on
a anee n° ahi a’ he ty I Aco stood Savante have never had an expl nation
owe I oh hi ane tbs “ kit e = Le NAGE 7 H of the Lincolnshire tide, coming as it Wid 66 Whe
an such straightont Ame aor a 7 car ‘y herald’ d by anything th eatening a cataclysm
Jes Art that, tarnales is what th’ tende eet The none found the penne unprepared and

cal's aA cultivated taste How ever, marvbe thousands fal victima to its Try
this bunet tariales that Mov handed out Miny of the most fatal tidal waves of which
t' th’ Britisher was some or th blink. aa it we have anv history have been accompanied
were, an’ not t Mave Nigh standard, her? , Oy earthquakes adding to thelr horrors, but
How’ bocthavin Mov fixupsomeo'th'r ght kin’ making it tapos ible to say whether the e@arth-
Oo tnmales an’ t n’ th’ Englishman aroun’ et or the inune ation ax een t 0 more
tima thie evenin'?’ a ind dest the he great earthquake

 

to look ‘em ove

in’ thataway
ne for half an hour or so
have ready, at

sen

erfoot ache to dive to the

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

mysel,” re-

ealked back to Moy'’s and
& o'clock
of turnalea that

at Lisbon in 1755 was accompanted by a tital
wave which, roiling up the Tacua River from
| the ocean, submerged all the lower parts of the
' city and destroyed thonasnds of lives which
{| might possibly have escaped the earthquake
shocks When the earthquake came to (a-
racas in tidil weve at

 

1812 there was a

  

 

  

nd Thev told Moy that Ta Guayra, the entrap of Caracas, which de-
+ of cavenne Danner in the stroved mony lives Five veara agonseriea cf
ted but that ther had tids| waves, accompanied by or alternating
ma pebhle, whatever i wih earthquake shocks, visited some of ‘he
didn’t tall Mov what they | ost. popious. ts anda of Jaran The tidal
he ¢ lea, and Moy dian’t | raven? ached from fi tean to twenty miles In-
P he moraly arinned land, being of such heicht, forea and volume
it trid tamales ud | (00 Miles from the ocean, part cnlarly when re ,
inten aunal ( strunted to narr ye “Te aa to be rapable
horr . . rl aa of destroying much lite number of human
ate * ra d bey linran lives to-1 at that time has rever been stated in
a) wae. *, lit tied hit an’ Ergiish newapaper, but thafitran far nto
» to Hoan MN) the thousands there is no roo to doubt
Pen done with ara | Ten troneand ts tnore ant to be under
y khow ina them, | than an ever estimate, such were the ravaves of
ha Peed t aoe inv - ; the bined selemic nd catacivemic terrors
After t} bai ag | side visited upon that nart of the world during
nd Carls s the erie nearly a week of davs and nights of horror
“ them, nd the troll which, fortunately, come but aeloom in the ex
ataw Mica ye ee © ‘ perier of th: race
; ll, , eae | The affictionof Texaa, while much less than
v el sald F ae this, is still monumental, and will always rank
hyn the foreign strand, | among the great catastrophes of history. Per-
a GH UASUSPECUESIY Wen hans the e have been events more des'ructive
t fourtaen of the well of life intimesor places Where it was fmpoat-
‘1 hetvmm wletl elle ble that_any record of them should be left. But
ae 7 ne SITING @X= | few anch are known to history. Nor Is tt likele
: 8 ant nf \ erent thatthe future will often bring to anv part of |
ent oa ae settled the world a severer affliction than that which
é , when | has fallen upon our Gulf coast
“din Ww ri bngiishinan | aaa at
| he tains |
; wiv, when they | “THE SUN" AS A_ REAL “8
ca ash schame f'r tne | ADVERTISING ESTATS
idan ‘" Rs, Aur and News medium wi!l better meet your re-
turning ratios. | Quirements than any other publication, reach
ouns te : ws peanle who have money for ins |
x ded right there , pi ment, 4nG supplying each GAY au tue wenwe
he said. wan bin 2 | available of interest to those interested in the

; Kealty Market.— Adv,

CASSEI’S WON DERFUL COLLECTION OF
GERMAN AMERICANA.

Bern im Ignorance and Fighting Agatast

Stern Vate Poerststertly, This Man Has
| Secared in His Far ase ion Lewer Bal-
i ford, Near Philadel a Library ef More
| Than 50,000 Titles—Fle Is Now 60 Yoare
| Old—His Life’s Stragsie and Triumph.
| To rescue literature from oblivion and to
collect a remarkable library despite an appalling
barrier of ignorance and superstition has been
the life work of Abraham Harley Oassel, who

  
 

has now practically completed fourscore
years and lives in -@ little old farmhouse
in Lower Salford Township, Pa i wenty-

five miles from Philadelphia, in Towamencin
and Lower Salford townships, a settiement
of Pennsylvania German farmers in Mont-
gomery county, where the whistle of the looo-
motive and the gong of the trolley oar ére never
heard, and the sound of the English language
{s not muoh more frequent, Cassel has ao-
complished his mission, Born of parente who,
like most of the Mennonites and Dunkarde
of that period, as Mr, Cassel himself quaintly
says, “made it a point of conscience to bring
up their childrenin pious lgnorance,” he never-
theless tb» « arseveranoe in historical and literary
researoh has attained the position of authority
in bis fleld, that of German-American topics.
| When he began his work the wealth and
| glory of the German literature of America’s
early era had been almost forgotten, the Ger-
man farmers having generally sucoumbed
to that stage of intellectual bluntness of which
' some of the “Pennyslvania Dutch” of to-day
| ave looked upon as exemplifications, To those
good Mennonites and Dunkards it was no longer
of any interest that in 1748, at Germantown,
Christopher Saur, the German Mennonite,
printed the first Bible in Amerioa, forty years
before {t was published anywhere on the Con-
tinent in Fnglish; or that Saur and his son
Christopher, making all the paper, type, ink
and woodcuta which they used, in addition
to printing and binding their publications
and conducting a newspaper and a series of
alrnauacs, issued more than two hundred works
in German, some going through eix or seven
editions; or, furthermore, that the Brethren
at the Ephrata cloister, in 1748, translated from
the Dutch and published in German the “Biutiger
Schauplate,” or Book of Martyrs, a folio of
1,600 pages, the greatest literary undertaking
in America up to that time, Nor did they take
pride in the fact that of the productions of
Benjamin Franklin's printing office fifty or
sixty—probably more than half of all he issued—
had been in German, while Franklin hirnself,
in a letter, expressed the fear that because of
the growth of German English might soon
become extinct in Pennsylvania,
| These honest Pennsylvanians of eighty years
| ago were devoted to two things their farms
and their religion. They tilled their aores and
read their Bibles. In the evening, after a day
| of the sevarest toil, the men sat about the blaze
of the log fire in the kitahen and shelled corn
or mended harnesa, whilethe women spun and
knitted and sewed On Sundays they sol-
emniy rode tothe plain Kittle meeting house
and listened to a sermon by their elder, a farmer
from among them. They opposed the in-
troduction of the common schoo! system. Bev-
eral weeks of so-called instruction in the win-
ter by a wandering meohanio, unable to find
employment at his trade, was deemed miffi-
cient for their offspring. They had forgotten
that their ancestors supplied the intelligence
of the province; that while it was common for
English settlers to sign their names with a cross,
the old records showed comparatively few
such instancea when a German signature was
coneerned
In such a community of Mennonites, where
the quality of herolam was necessary to rise
above the common plane, Cassel was born on
Sept 21, 1820. The years that for the ordinary
lad are characterized by utter freedom from
oare were embittered to young Cassel by con-
tinual strife with his parents because of the
boy's thiret for knowledge. The father, ai-
though he lived to the age of 80, never read
a newspaper, With the exception of the Bible
and a few religious volumes, no books wera
permitted {n the house. The elder Cassel
made one effort to teach his son German, but
both teacher and pupil soon lost patience and
‘the {instruction was abandoned. Abraham's
sister had some knowledge of English and she
taught the boy a few rudiments of the Jan-
| guage. Kut what he thus acquired seemed
| useless, for no one {n the nelghborhood ever
spoke English
Finally the village plivsician discowered the
boy's traits and encouraged him ao far as hia
limited opportunity permitted. Tt.was a great
event in little Abrahain'’s career when one day
| he became the owner of a small English dic-
tionary. By the aid of this he succeeded in
mastering several books that the physician
loaned him
Through hia mother Abraham was a Itneal
descendant of Christopher Saur, the ploneer
printer . Vaguely he learned of the achieve
menta of his ancestor and with renewed da
termination he set forth to circumvent the
hindrances that beset his pathway. To thwart
his book love, the father gave him endless tasks
on the farm, eo that nearly all his time waa
occupied in #trennous Iabor When he sought
to read at night, the feeble light was dented
him A sympathetio storekeeper gave him a
ponnd of candies, but one night the father
discovered the light burning tn the attic hed-
room and the lad pouring oyer a book There.
after Abreham was compelled to go to bed tn
the darkness. Thena Yankee pedler heard the
story of voung Cassel's atruecles and encour.
aged the boy to await his next visit, saving he
had read of an invention in France wherehy
candles could be lighted withont the ald of fire
and he intended to investigate After a time
he returned with a box of matches, the firat
ever seen in that township. Abraham paid
25 eenta for about seventy-five matches and
therenfter he had light, the orectons matches
and candles being concealed in an old desk
When the vouth had progressed ao far that
he was ready to enter upon the study of pen-
manehip he again encountered an array of die-
couragements, There were no geese tipon the
farm. He therefore went out into the barn-
vard and after a more or less exciting nurenit
eaptured an old rooster and denrived the fowl
of a feather of commensurate proportions
Then he atlempted to mal Several

 

  

ke a ner
tlmes he tried to cut the feather with his father's
razor, but the exneriment was rather unanoe-
cessful When the elder Cassel noted the re
| markahble painfulnees of his next atte to
shave himeelf hesolemnly renrimanded }
wife for using the razor to pare her corna
claumay butcher keife next served the bor tn hia
efort to make a pen For awhile he trted to
write with the rooster feathers sharpened to a
point, but without a slit in the end, and his
manueerints naturally looked more as though
the fow! that was so ignominioush
his ornamentation had poured forth his lamen-
tations by means of hie spurs One dav Abra-
ham’s uncle, who apneared more svmnathetio
than hie father, saw the bov's diflculiles with
hie pen and showed him how to eut apen prop
erly and also cave him aclasnknife Thus a
new delight was opened to the bor
The fame of the lad went abroad and kind-
hearted friends came to remonetrate with the
father, several wealthy men offering to pay for
Abraham's edneation. Rut the father's an
swer invariably wa “If von give a child
learning then vou fit him for forging, counter
felting or for any other wickedness which an
unlearned man would not be carahle of doing ”
And eo new tasks were set for the lad to make
him forget his better endeavors So severe
that his constitution

 
 

 

were his labors eule-
exrmbed and he became ill, The expoatu-
Jations of friends {nereasing, the father re-
lented somewhat that winter and allowed
Abraham to attend the distriet school

“Tearn.” he said, “and ff it leads vou to evil

} the fault is not mine *
So Abraham, then! vearso'd, went to school
The session continued six weeks, and that was

   

 

the exteat of the education which Abraham
Harley Cassel received within the walls of a
‘ ose) = With hia thirst for knowledge

    

stimulated anew, the bor returned to the menial
emplovments of the farm Fverv cent he se-
cured he spent for books, but never was he
wrmitted to bring them into the house  Hidq-

« them in the barn, he secretly pursued his
stiidies fn mathematics, geometry and English
and German literature He received no money
at home and only had an opportunity to earn
small svime clandestinely on Sundave by pick-
{fn@ berries or by diceing roots and herbs for
who naid the boy

the villaze doctor, double
prices When his parents learned that, despite
their actions, the bow thus acquired a pittance,
th deprived him of suitable clothing, order-
fig him to clothe himself with his own money
Burt rat thas be without books he went bare-

 

| footed and ragged
In another community such indignities tn-
fileted upon a high-spirited boy would prompt
him to run off from home, but young Cassel
| Feems to have realized that his life's mission
could only be accomplished arnong his own
people Successively he was an apprentice
o a cabinetmaker, a salesman in the village
store, and finally, in 1840, the teacher of 54

| district sehool, When he assumed the Inst-
named rile he gave the place a distinction
| {t had sever before acquired. He achieved a
| reputatio for the thoroughness of his instruc
; tion; pupils came to him from a distance, and
‘he was the first person in his township who

was enabled to make a living the entire year
| by the profession of teaching .

Then, too, as he “boarded around” in
district, he realized fully the wealth of

 

| who are very much opposed

robhed of |

 

|
|
|

us|

early German literature of America, Stored
prey in garrets or buried in piles in the barns,
¢ found ancient tomes, priceless fro 6
standard of (tue literary connoisseur and the
antiquarian, The farmers usually were glad
to let him take away these seen nly useless
relics of bygone day: And so Cassel seoured
many a volume of whose existence even there
had perhaps been no tutimation

Cassel, being wedded to his books, had de-
olded never to marry. He had resisted all the
charms of the other sex witheminent success,
until one gay in hia twenty-second year, when
he met his Ideal in a manner thoroughly ro-
mantic, A girl stopped at the Cassel home-
stead to getadrink of water and to ask the way
to a place nearby. Abraham experienced
unusual delight {) complying with her requests

| and when she had gone he became aware o

such A vague emptiness under the bosom of
his homespun shirt that he concluded he was
effectively and unalterably in love. Thue far
the eptsode did not vary greatly from what
might occur to-day, But mark the difference,
The youth of 1900 would learn the girl's name
with{n an hour, take her to a plonle within @
week, buy enormous quantities of soda water
and ice am for her throughout a summer
season, and then pay a preacher, an organist,
@ florist and a caterer to make her his “truly
own” {tn October, But this young Mennonite
in 1842 was more sedate, Belng aware of his
symptoms, he realized the grave character
of the situation, and he went to his room, got
down on his knees and prayed for guidance.
hen he fasted to subdue his wild paselon,
ut prayer and fasting seemed not to suffice.

“The more] prayed,” he remarked, “the more
enamoured I became.

Naturally enough, as with other things for
which he yearned, his parents also bitterly
opposed hfs desire to marry the girl. They
did not like her because she was of Quaker
descent; and anyway, they reasoned, @ “book
fool” such as he had no right to think sertously
about matrimony. Many profound medita-
tions now occupied the days of the youn oTps.
A voice, he says, continually repeated, “You
must marry her; the lord chose her for you.”
Finally, feeling Justified by the Bible’s admo-
nition, Cassel resolved to “leave father and
mee aud cleave to a wife.” His marriage
was followed by estrangement from his family
and a multitude of hardships, During the
first year of their wedded life their means were
60 limited, he «ays, that they did not consume
a pound of meat in the twelyemonth, The
roung couple had little besides love and books
to begin housekeeping with, but they long de-
rived themselves of the necessities of life to
nerease the library. The success of Cassel's
echool, however, brought’ relief Subse-
quently, a reconciliation having been effected,
they returned to the ancestral farm in Lower
Salford, and here they have since resided,

Until 1860 Mr. Cassel war actually engaged in
farming, but since then he has devoted his time
almost exclusively to his researches in the
history and literature of the German settlers,
while his son conducts the farm. In his little
farmhouse in Lower Salford was collected the
most complete library in existence on German-
American subjects. The low rooms on the
upner floor of the house are crowded with
shelves and drawers filled with books, manu-
scripts and other treasures of literature and
history. _Ponderous volumes penned by the
monks of the Middle Ages and quaint produc-
tlons of the first printers of Europe and America
are there in amazing profusion, bound, some
in vellum, some in parchment, some in hogskin,
and one even in human skin. Here the visttor

 

ja shown more than fifty different translations

and editions of the Bible since 1470, Including
a copy of the first edition of the King James

version of 1611, a copy of the very rare Aiken
Rible and three editions of the Christopher
faur Rible Here are, moreover, nearly all

the issues of American almanaca since 1714
completesets of the Ephrata, Franklin, Saur and
other early American (mprints, manuacripts
of Francia Daniel Pastorius, the “Pennsylvania
pilerim” and Johannes Kelpius, the “Hermit
of the Wissahickon Ridge," a copy of the works
of John Bunyan printed {n. 1788 and bearing
onits title nage the autogranh of George White-
eld, a copy of a proclamation by Washington
n 1777 ordering the farmers of Lower Salford
to thresh their grain for the starving Continen-
tals: also &,000 coples of early American and
forelan newspapers. 10,000 miscellaneous vol-
umes, dating as far back as 1520; and 12,000
Pamphlets, some 250 years old, the whole library
comprising fully 50,000 titles

This wonderful collection has served as a
vast storehouse for echolars and writers. Mr
Cassel, who has stanchly withstood the vicfs-
on of eighty years of life, delights to show
1is treasures to visitors, and many who Tove
acquired distinction in the learned vocations
cherish the opportunity to apend a day tn this
little old farmhouse in Lower Salford.

 

CLOSE FIGURING IN SOUTH DAKOTA,

A Poor Field for Political Prophectes This
Year—The Canvass in the State,

Bouth Dakota was one of the States that
Bryan carried in 1896, but it was one which
gave him the smallest plurality, 188 votes
Thero were at that time 82,000 electors in
South Dakota and the disparity between the
two parties on the Presidency, mathemattoally
expressed, was twenty-three one-hundredths
ot 1 per cent, There has been only one State
election alnoe, the result of which threw very
little light on the political sentiment of the
State. for while the Fusion candidate for Gov-
ernor waa elected by a plurality of 870 votes,
the Republicans elected the other State officers.
This vear the diMflculty of any prophecy upon
the result of the election tn this close State is
increased by the fact that during the last four
years there has been a heavy im” leration into
South Dakota, and it is thi+ bie influx of new
voters that make pred ctions dif ult

south Dakota isatarming State: ffering ex-
cellent opportunities for immigrants from those
} pean countries which are sinitlarin o |-
mate condit ons tolt, and sinoe 1896 thee has
b ena steady inflow o! Germans, S-andinavians
and English and Scotch immigrants into South
Dakota. Theconditions of suffrage in South
Dakota are very favorable to newcomers, Only
six months’ residence in the State and only ten
days’ reside vce inavoting rrecinot ure required
asa condition of suffrage, and «ilens who have
declared their intention to become citizens are
qualified to vote, Under these circurnstances
there are a considerable number of votera in
South Dakota of wh se probable political actlon
no safe prophecy can be made, a» the margin of
majority on either side is very amall and new
immigration into one county during four vears
(thera are iftv-two countics in South Dakota)
would completely change the result.

Practically there are three figh's in progress
{n South Dakota, one on Presidental electors,
one on Governorship and one on the United
States Senator hip. The term of R. F_ Petti-
grew, first elected fn 1880 and reelected In 195,
will expire next year, and h« 1s making a vigor-
ous flght to sueceed h meaelf, having the sup-
port of some former Republicans. Though
elected by R-publicans, he afterward Joined the
ajiver part and atill later allied himself with
th: Popull-ts. The Repub icans of the State,
to Pettigrew,
are making a vigorous fight to defeat
him for re@lection, and in some parts of the
State the battle over the Senatorsh p over-
shadows the fight for Presidential electors, For
Governor the Republicana have nominated
Charles Herried, and the Democrats, with
Populist and Silver Republloan support, have
nominated B. H_ Lien. Gov, Lee has been
nominated by the Fus onteta for Congresa and
against him the Republicans have renominated
Charles H. Burke, one of their present mem-
bers, ant have put up for the other
vacaney (there are two Representatives in Con-
aresa fro Sout! Dakota cho-en by the State
at large) Eben Mar'tinof Deadwood) The Demo-
cratic candidate for the other vacancy \s Joseph
BE Moore

South Dakota {snot only a_close State, but a
‘tm xed” Stotein ite polities. It has two United
Bieatea Senators, one elroted asa Republican
(Pettigrew), who acted with the Dem crates in
all important matters in the lastsesston, and an-
other, Ky'e, whois a Populi-t, anda candidate

cain t Gen. Weaver for the nomination to the
Presidency at the Omaha Convention of 1892,
and invariably votee with the Renullicone
These are but two illustrations of the reculiar
political divisions which exist in South Dakota,
end which are accounted for in part by the fact
thit the Stateisa “new” one, not only in re-
epect tothe dateof tts admission as auch, but
becanse constant changes hav’ been made since
{nits clectorate by neweomers, some of them
foreign !mmigrants and othere immtgronts
from other States. South Dakota has four elec-
toral votes and it will be no surprise to some
yer-ona if McKinley received two of them and
ryan two.

 

SLAUGHTER AWFUL AT TIENTSIN,

Col, Mead, Coming Home Invalided, Says He
Never Saw Soch Havoe tn War.

Honouvuni, Sent. 4.--Col. Robert L. Mead of
the United States Marine Corps, who was in
command of American foroes at the taking of
Tientsin, arrived here on Saturday on board
the Government transport Solace. Ae has

been invalided home on account of rheuma-
titm, but is desirous of returning to active
feld service in China

“Thave been {n the business of war for thirty-

 

five years he said, “and went ail thro.

the Civtl W. , but never before By.
| slaighter as was inflicted at Tientain on July
1 and 14. When we finally entered the walled
city, there were dead and mangled bodies
every few feet. The dead lay all ahout the
streets, Fire had rained in to the city from

the English and Japanese batteries, which had
been placed on an elevation, and the number
of Chinese killed was awfu There was no
special attempt made to ascertain the number
of dead. They were eimply burled as quickly
as possible, while the Chinese hurried along
the road to Pekin with fully 2,000 wounded

“The battle began at daylicht of the
isth, lasted all day and night, and on the
morning of the 14th the Japanese = suce
ceeded in blowing up the main gate with gun-
cotton. This made a breach and the allies
were able to enter the city, The Japanese
troops behaved with great courage They

are intelligent fighters, ready to go anywhere
and their discipline is up to the highest standard.
pa Chinese also did some hard fichting. Forty
nfiicted a loss of nearly 600 men on the alien "gi

PTEMBER 16, 1900. :

|

 

GOT A PANTHER ON A HOOK.

A KIND OF FISHING THAT IZAAB
WALTON NEVER WROTE ABOUT.

Line Was Baited for Catamount, but It Held
When the Bigger Game Took Hold--Prise
Landed With a Shotgan—How an Ozark
Mountain Boy Saved His Uncle's Mutton.

The man with “store” fishing tackle laid

 

the rod down on the grassy bank and turned |

to the man who was getting the lunch ready

“This kind of fishing goes,” he sald, “when
there's no other kind around, but fishing for
panther {s the real thing.”

“flow panther?” asked the other man, opeb-
ing a bottle of beer

“Just fishing for panther, that’s all.”

“But how the dickens d. you fish for pan-
ther?” insisted the other man, etill busy with
the Junoh. “I never heard of such a thing.
I thought they hunted for panther.”

“Bome do, and then again some fish for them.
That's the way I did.”

“Well,” said the other man, hopeless of «et-
ting directly at the matter, “you come ahead
and get away with your part of this huneh,
and while you eat you'll forget how bad it is
in telling me how to fish for panther.”

The panther fisherman drew up to the feast
and as he ate he talked,

“When I was a boy of 16 or thereabouts,”
he said, “my father died in Tennessee and I
went to live with an uncle in the Ozark Moun-
tain country of Arkansas. My uncle's farm
was in @ country where the catamounts grew
on’ trees and we had’a lot of trouble with them

and other varmints keeping them off the sheep. |

We had only about a hundred and couldn't
afford to lose any, 60 we fixed up a log cabin
near the sheep sheds, and I used to sleep there
with a gun handy for any marauders that might
come along. A catamount {s a mighty sharp
animal and I never got a shot at one that did
any harm, so I began to study up some plan

to get @ soalp, and I finally concluded to try |

fishing.
“I got three big sturgeon hooks—-you know

what they are like—fastened to a fine atee! chain |

about six faet long that was strong enough to
haul @ haystack with, and to the chain I tled
about fifty faet of new hemp rope. My uncle
made fun of me and wanted to know if I waa
going to use a reel and what kind of fly didI
use, but I told him to mind his own business
and give me a chan.
ready I took a pleceof fresh meat and buried the
hooks in ft fust deep enough to catch hold easy
when {t was time for them to begin business
Then I carried the bait out toward tha woods
from the cabin the full length of the line, and
alipping the other end through a 10 by 12 window
we bad in the door, I looped it over a post in
the oabin for anchorage.

“Tt was about 9 o'clock when I had everything

in shape and the moon was shining like a big
allyer plate in the aky. I la
old shotgun by my side, thinking how I would
crow over the uncle if I caught a catamount,
and before I knew what had happened I was
asleep. How long I slept I don't know, but I
was awakened by a screech in the woods that T
knew did not come from 4 catamount, It
was a panther, for I had heard them hefore,
and I was on my faet in an instant and wide
awake Catamounts were bad = enoveh,
but panthers were a lot worse,
and the few times we had had them core
around they had stirred up the countryside
like an election. I was 80 wrought up that |
forgot all about my catamount bait and I ranged
up alongside of the window slit in the door we
had one on each aide of the cabin to command
all approachee--with the shotgun clenched in
my hand as if it were something alive that was
trving to get away from me. Lordy, but I wa
scared and shaky on my pegs: and not scarec
either exactly, for I was
oabin, but a sixteen-year-old boy facing a hun-

ry panther, even when he fs behind a wall, ts

able to be agitated and 1 was that to such an
extent that I could hardly kee; my face to the
window long enough to look out. IT heard an-

other screech in a minute or two after IT got to
the window and the sheep in the sheds began
to bleat low and to move around in fear. You

know if there le anything that scares a sheap
it i, a panther. They don’t vearn after cata-
mounts and dogs exactly, but a panther almply
drives the curl out of their wool

‘I located him by his next screech, and he
came slipping out of the thicket and across
the open with his whole mind fixed on the shed
where the sheep were. I could see him aa

lain as day, and he was a sight to behold
Not a very hie one as panthers go, but as
graceful as an angel and as smooth aa a ser-
pent as he crept through the grass with the
very motion of a snake, and not as if he had
legs to walk on. JI was not a hundred yarce
from him when he appeared, and as he had to
pass close to the cabin to get to the sheep shed
entrance, [laidin wait tosurprise him. Blamed
ff I didn’t think my heels would knock holes
in the puncheon floor, I was shaking so, and if
the panther hadn't been sointent on having mut-
ton chops for supper he could have heard me,
When he was within thirty yards I raised the
gun toward the window and for the first time
noticed that I had been too excited to cock it
I was in a hurry now, of course, and I grabhed
at the hammer and threw it back with a rush,
Click—snap, something went inside the lock,
and the hammer dropped Jimp and liatlesa asa
dishrag. I had broken the mainspring

“That left me helpless as far as offensive
warfare was concerned, and, being on the de-
fensive now, I recalled the catanount bait
1 stood etill, watching the panther slippin
along, and I hoped he would get near enoug
to take tho bait, because, vou know, the feline
kind are not hunters by scent and want to sea
their prey. Did vou ever see a cat lose a mouse
in the grase and not be able to find It till she
saw it move, though it wasn't a foot from her
nose?
the bait, but there was a little water in his path,
ind he came over toward the cabin to pase It

he change of course brought him face to face
with the piece of juicy lamb I had set ont asa
late linch for a catamount. I guess he must
have been pretty hungry, for he squatted and
leaped for it, and he didn’t wait for any cat-
playing, but @ufped it right down .

| fishing and that is why I say this kind o

When I had my tackle |

down with the |

erfectly safe in the |

I was afraid the panther was going by |

“He hadn't more than swallowed {t when he

realized that all was not exactly as ft sho

be, and he lay flat on his belly and Geren is
look wards around, as if he suspected the
presence of an enemy, The chain to the bait
»othered him too, for he could not get it down
his throat, neither could he get it out of his
mouth, and he began ducking his head he-
tween his paws like a cat does when she gets a
string tangled in her mouth, I kept still
didn't interfere with his meditations, for [
knew I would see more of him before we parted
company, The bleating of the sheep moved
him presently, and he got up, shaking his head
and pawing his face and mouth to get the chain
away. He started for the shed again, but the
rope sulled on him, and I reached for my end of
tand gave it a good hard jerk to set the hooka
inside of him. You ought to have seen that
panther jump, but he jumped in the direction
of the pull and not against it, for I guess when
the hooks took bold they must have hurt him
He soreeched as if they did, anyway. I held
onto the rope and he bounced around and
rolled over screeching, Then I started to haul
in. I thought when [ began this part of my
fishing he would probably get away, but {t
hurt him so to pull back that I dragged him up

toward the door, though why
wanted him there I couldn't tell.
fie must have seen me through the

window as he came up relictantly in response
to my pull, for, with a yell, the rope slacked
and he came at the window as if he would wet
at me in spite of everything. I dropped the
rope and backed over intoa cornerof the cabin
while he tore at the door with his. claws like a
niner with a pick. Not being able to do any
arm he backed away and lay down about a
dozen feet from the door, where he once more
began his attempts to get the chain out of his
mouth or down his throat. I came up to the
rope again and began playing him once more
and It was more exciting than any trout play-
ing you ever saw, for that panther was a terror
when he tried to get away, and worse when
he tried to claw his way through the door,
I let him rest awhile and presently he got u
and tried to make a sneak for the woods,
never &aid a word, but when he got to the end
of the line and the hooks hegan to pul! on his
insides he looked around in a shammotees d
kind of a way and lay down at the end of his
tether.

“This seemed to be an auspicious occasion
for me to get out and to goto the house for help
and I opened the door real easy and started to
slip out. But he was watching, and I had no
more than showed mnyse!lf when he came at me
with a terrific screech and I dodged back again
with exceeding haste. He tore at the door for
several minutes after that and I drew the line
up taut and held him, snarling and clawing and
snapping. Talk about fishing’ Well, you don't
know anything about it till you have hooked a
penthes Just how long ] would have to play
iim before he waa tired out or I was, or how T
would have eventually landed him,
row. but the rumpus going on about the cabin
1ad awakened my uncle and he came down to
see what was the matter. When he hove in
sight around the corner of the sheep shed the
peeteer was lying down about twenty-five
eet from the cabin, and when he saw
thought the beast would get away even if he
had to tear his vitals out doing it. I held onto
the rope like grim death and yelled to my uncle
to get out of the way, which he did by skinnin
up a post to the roof of the sheep shed, He hac
4 gun when he started, but he left it on the
ground when he went up the post

“We now established communications and
T told him that I had the panther hooked al!
right if he would be kind enough to get a dip
net and Jand him. He said tf! would hold the
Siaqned ruts steady pe would come off the
roof and go back to the house and finish his nap,
because he didn't like to get up so early anyhow

4

 
         

 

 

After roosting on the roof awhile and uiring
more confidence in mny fishing tackle "he slipr
down to the ground and got his gun. but he |
hadn't the courage to face the panther and
ehoot him. I didn’t blame him a@ bit for that
either, because L knew what kind of a temper
| that panther had, | told him to bring the gun
| around to the buck window of the cabin and
| hand it in to me and maybe [ could: make it
useful, It was easy enough to do that with
the cabin between him and the panther an
soon had the «un, with his assurance that he
| had put a handful of slugs in each barrel for
greater effectiveness - |
} the panther was @etting pretty tired now
and when my uncle disappeared from view
| he lay down again and becan his old occupa,
| tion of pawing at the chain in hie mouth and
rubbing his face on the ground I pulled on
the line to stir him up a bit and get him to come
my way, but he had been played until he was
stubborn. and though [jerked hin pretty hard he
only growled and snapped at theehain, He had
one off as far as he could get, and 1 thought
fnould he safe in inviting him personally to
come nearer, 80 I opened the door and let hin
see ine, That set him wild exain and I soon
had all I could do to take In the slack as he came |
up, I was safe behind the doop when he lit
on it with all hia claws out, and hauling in the
line as fast as I could I drew him up close to |
the window, As I stuck the gun through to |
| end the battle he oanght it in his mouth, and
| fust then I pulled both triggers I guess my |
| uncle had put in a whole ooil of lead pipe, for
|

 

he gun kicked me clear across the cabin and
led me up on the cot In the corner and it
idn't leave enough of the peather's head to
make hia skin ornamental when we tanned It,
That,” conchided the story teller, “is pe ther
fishing |
| will do when there's none of the real thing“ |

 

| FIVE SOUTH DAKOTA TOWNS MOVED.

 

 

Railroads Went Around Them and They Had
to Go te the Ratiroads,

Biovx City, Is., Sept. 10.—Five well estab-
Itshed South Dakota towns have been torn
| from their foundations this year and dragged
| aoross the prairie to the Irresistible magnet of
| newly settled countries, a raflroad extenston.

The Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul road |
this year has bullt from Armour west through
| Charles Mix county--which never had a rail-
way before—and from Bowdle west ot the Mis-
sourt River. Purposely the surveys missed
| all the towns and new townaltes were plotted

As a result Geddes and New Platte, the new

railroad towns on the Charles Mix oounty ex-

tension, and Evarts, on the Bowdle extension,
are thriving communities of 600 persons each, |
while Selby, Bloomington, Edgerton, Castalla
and Old Platte are now only memories
The railroad’s towns have been boomed to a
| point where collapse seems imminent. A
| $10,090 hotel, of sixty rooms, ts building fn
| Geddes; there are three banks there and many
general stores. At Platte the growth has been

| go nearly instantaneous out of treeless prairte
lands that It is still {n disorder, but the streets
are daily lined with scores of teams and the

| saloons, stores and blacksmith shops do a bi

| business. The real estate men are flying high

just now. At the sites of the deserted towns a
solitary church or cottage stands sentinelamong

te gaping cellars from which homes have

|

|

}

'

been dragged. The streets are grown up to
weeds he howl of a lonesome dog vol
the wail over blighted hopes for which the rall-
road's survey fs accountable
ft no longer is considered worth while to
find the towns in running railroad surveys;
the enterprise of the times dictates town mak-
ing At the first intimation that a railway
was headed toward a town up would go the
| prices for land and clear titles were, more-
} over, almost out of the question So railroads
| of the West now quietly purchase a town site
lot it, sell the plots and pocket what is receive
| for them above the cost of acre land as olear
| gain. There is no trouble about right of way
lor dickering with obstinate town councils
So a railroad goes out of its way to leave the
old towns high and dry and in consequence the
old town8 migrate Never in the history of the
country has there been such wholesale migra-
tion aa the Milwaukeo road Caused this year
First old Platte swallowed its pride and disap-
| polntment @nd one building after another,
stores, homes and #aloons, were hauled to the
new town site Horses and thrasher engines
were hitched to the structures and away they
went, up hill and down dale over the undn-
; lating prairie three and 4 half miles to the place
the railroad company hed picked out A a
town Castalia moved tts buildings ten miles
to Platte Edgerton and Bloomington both
divided their butlding® between Geddes and
Platte One of the blagest structures. moved
was a general store owned by M. C. Cool,
| which wae 90 feet by 40 It was moved with
all the merchandise on the shelves from old
Platte to the new Platte Business went on
all the time it was going over the prairie
There seems to be a future for new Selby,
Geddes and Platte. They are surrounded by |
| rich farming lands and will be the shipping
points for the erain and cattle of rreat regions. |
Platte will get the shipments of wheat from |
the farms between the Niobrara and the Mi
sourl, than which there are no richer in Sou
Dakota or the West

 

PHOTOGRAPHY THROUGH FO@,

|
Interesting Experiments Said to Be tn Progress |

| on Katser William's Yacht. |
'

|

!

From the Chicago Tribune.

Somewhere in the cold waters of the Baltto
Sea is the imperial yacht of the German Em-
peror, and on board of it, incompany with the
| Kalaer, are two expert photographers who may
be marking the way for veasels of the German
Navy some time inthe future to steal into a
hostile port under oover of a dense fog and capt-
ure it before the enemy can see its assailants.

C. Knox Harding, an electro-chemist of
Chicago, has just returned from Germany and |
the Continent, and through a friend tn Zurich |
brings the news of the Kaiser's experi-
ment and a fairly accurate description |
of the apparatus by which in the densest fogs a |
clear-cut outline of a vessel may be discovered
probably two miles away. Mr. Harding's
friend is connected with the Photo-Chrome
Company of Zurich, andfrom his knowledge of
color photography speaks with a good deal of
experience. This friend has made experiments
on landscapes while enveloped in fogs that
make a building 100 feet away invisible, Under

|

| such conditions Mr. Harding's friend has taken |

and |

I don't |

rim T |

asharp, clear photograph of a mountain one |
mile away, with every detail of the landscape |
showing onit. This, too, with an exposure of
only two seconds

The camera used in the experiments by the
Gertnan Government has a central, non-achro-
matic lens, and around this in a circle are set
six other lenses of the same size and desorip-
tion. The e-ntral lens throws its objects di-
rectly upon the plate atthe back. Behind each
of the auxiliary lenses isa prism which catohes
the Hghts and shadows that come through its
{udividual lens and deflects them s0 aconrately

thet the image from the auxiliary lens falls di-
rectly over the image from the principal. Each
of theses x auxiliaries adds i's image to that of
the principal, 80 inerea-ing the light upon the
plate as to make a. unshwided exposure in |
| orcinary light an impos-ibility
In setting ‘his camera for an exposure acainst
fogs a color screen is used, This is necessary
because of the fact that the ordinary fog radi-
ates an excess of blue actinic rays that fox a
plate easiiv. With the seven lenses and the
screen, however, the colors of the spectroscope
are ao biended, neutralized and centred as to
make an impression tnrouvh dense fog that ts
more clear-cut than a sunlight exposure made
through an achromatic lens
“My friend says that from the bow of an ordl-
nary Atlantic jiner, moving at half speed |
through fog, his own apparatus will show every
out! eof a vessel steaming half a mile away,’
said Mr. Pardue... He insists that it ts only a
matter of time until a movio jet u j
fow will be possible . we tees |
“Already it is discovered that this apparatus
has a most remarkable influence on non-actliic
| ligits and colors. For instance, taking up red
light froma photographic dark roomand throw-
ing them on a plate through these lenses and
screens, the apparatus =o acts upon it as to set
up a fluorescence upon the plate that wili give
a picture of the objects in the cark room. Yet
the plate so acted upon could be left in the
dark roorn indefluitely without being fogged,
“Asn discovery of practical value this pho-
tography through fog will appeal most strongly
to the navies of the world. As a complement
tothe camera is a developing attachment by
which in afew seconds the ' icture may be de-
veloped andthe object thrown on a screen
From this the range-finders on a batueship
mightsenda broadside into an enemy other-
| wise inv sible
“It may be said, of conse, that such
, a scheme available to one navy would be
available to all. But this was true of armor .

plate anid of armor-piercing shells, ard yet!
no tation has failed to adopt tx th innova-
tions. If the German Government «ves on

to perfect this scheme
perfection secret, it will have the advantage |
of every other pation in case of war. If it
| cannot keep the provess secret, every other
nation will be compelled to make photog-
raphy a part of a ship's equipment for war.
In any case such a discovery must have a
marked stimulating effect upon the navies of
tae workd t
“In other ways of peace and commerce th
| diaeovery should be @ good thing. In cone or
wrecks in af gthe work of rescue could ba
grevtly aided by such an apparatua In mid-
ocean, When vessela of commerc® are feeling
their way at half speed and at great additonal
expense, thix camera, operating off the bow |
and bridge, mighs be Foune of great practical
nd economic value. In any gase the d
ia of marked Vaiue to sclenge,” . sora |

and can keep that

| PECULIAR

——— a

eee

|ODDITIES OF THE CENSUS,

 

OCCUPATIONS SET DOWN
BY ENUMERATORS,

Oue Professional Drunkard in Indiana At.
tempts to Classify Tramps Children to the
South as Farm Laborers~A Pennsylvania
German Who Is Bnumerated as a Villain,

Wasuinoton, D. C,, Sept. 14.—One of the
most interesting side issues in the twelfth cen-

} sus, now being compiled, is that which shows

the vagaries of the army of enumerators who
weathered the vast mass of census statis! low
Great care was exercised in the selection of the
larue number of eniumerators, and as @ rue
they proved to be persons of intelligence. In a
few cases, however, the necessities of the ser-
vice were auch, and ‘he available material eo
scarce, that persons of mediocre ability were
appointed as information gatherers. This was
partioularly the cas in some parts of the Bouth
and West, with a scattering in the other regions,
Notwithstanding the fact that every enumerator
had carefully prepared instructions and sched.
ules, the latter having printed headings over
the columns for names, ages, oocupations, na
tivity, &c,, some of the enumerators sucoeeded
in making amusing andenigmatioentries ‘The
young women wiio manipulate the punchirg¢
machines in the Census Office have found them.
selves sorely puzaled over some of these
records,

Whenever the punohers found on the sohed-
wes an cocupation whiob does not appear in
the specially prepared and printed list fur
nished by their chiefs they are instructed to
punch {t either "O, T.,"" meaning “other
things,” or "N. G.,” standing for “not galnful.”’
Thus when an enumerator in Indiana gave tie
ococupation of @ man as “crunkard,” ihe
puncher was in @ quandary what to do, Her
chief came to the resoue and informed her thet
drinking tntoxicating liquors was oertainiy not

| @ gainful occupation, especially as the nex

column on the schedule showed the man ta
question was 60 engaged twelve months tn each
year, She was therefore Instrucied to punch
{t''N.G."" Thesame rule was followed wheu
other enumerators entered A Woman 46 @n \i-
ebriate and certain men as topers

A New York enumerator, who was perhaps
sometiing of a sleuth, entered several men in
his district warlously as “crooks,” “pickpock-
eta’ and “gamblers.” For some reason these
were entered under the head of “not gainf
pursults, A Georgian who ekes ont an ex'«:
ence by doing chores about the neighborho:

| tn which he resides will appear in the census rs

"todd jobs.’ His occupation will be found very
properly under the head of “other things.”
One of the Southern enumerators came ani ora
an tovalid who has spent several years in the
South for his health and promptly entered the
sick man's occupation as “travelling for his
health.” This, of course, was punobed under
the head of “not gainful.” In Pennsylvanta ao
aged woman was entered as ‘‘ocoupation- tn-
valid,” and another under the same heading as
“paralysed.”

Each entry made on the schedules being natd
for by the Government at @ prescribed rate, an
enterprising enumerator {in Ohio, seeking to
awell hia temporary inoome, sought the resort
of a number of Weary Wilifes on the outskirts
of his town and entered them. To each of theve
he gave the oocupation of “tramp, not gainfi!
One of the Western enumerators put downa
worthless fellow, known as the town character,
in the following: “Name, —--; cocupation,
loafer; not gainful; unemployed twelve mor ths
in the year.” An aged veteran of the Civil Wer
was ontered {n the ccoupation column as ‘‘Ilves
on pension,” and another as “miser,’’ wiifle - til!
another was reported in the same column as
‘ives on savings" Some of the other odditlrs
of ocoupation are given: “Boarding,” visitng.’
“not at work,” and “musloally inclined.” Of
course none of these oan be found in the pre-
scribed list of occupations and they are con.
quently entered variously in the “O. T."' and
“N. G."' columns

In many of the returns from the rural c!s-
tricts from the Bouth a large number of chlidren
under 10 years of age are recorded as fari:
laborers, and under the proper headings |t |.
said that they are so employed eight mon'!s

| and attend echool but two months tin each year

Two Southern housewives appesr in the oc:
pation column as “does housework” and
“minds baby.”

One of the most peculiar entries {ts that of a
Jerseyman whose occupation fs given as ‘))
ocratic stump speaker,’ which was promp \y
assigned to the “'N. G.''—not gainiul—columr
It ‘s also sald that he wasemployed four mon lis
in each year.

Numerous Indiana, whose census has been
taken, appear on the lists as farmers, with |
and there a hunter. Gypsies are eivenas lore
tradere and fortune tellers, and{n oné instance
as “hobo.” A Kentucky woman, whose !
band is entered as an “‘idler,"’ gave her oce ipa
tlon as ‘washing and wishing."’ The puncher
who came across this entry remarked ‘hat t)¢
phrase meant that the woman was washing ‘0
support her twelve children and laa ishand,
and wishing that he would go to work and as-
sist In the maintenance of their numerous of
spring.

In many of the returnefrom the Southern
States men of means and leisure are entered io
the occupation column as “gentlemen,” and in
one instance as “rich.” Aninvalidin Ill{nols
given occupation “laid up,"’ and a paralyto
figures in the same column as “has fits.”’

It remained for a Pennsvivania enumerator
to recorda German, 45 years old, as ‘occupation
—villain.’’ Whether this was the enumerator #
personal estimate of the man or whether the
German himself gave this unique and sugges
tive occupation {s not known, Neither ia tt
known whether the villain was entered as
om. Gg.” oe "O. T.”

The twelfth census, when completed, w!
show many other odd entries concerning te
cosmopolitan mass of upward of 80,000.00 peo
ple in the United States.

eres

 

BRYAN'S CAMPAIGN DATES.

His Eastern Trip Has Been Scheduled for the
Latter Part of October.

Lrxcoun, Neb., Sept. 14.--Mr, Bryan has
wired home that he will return to Lincoln on
Thursday. He will comeby way of Kansas ard
Missouri, and will make seven speeches bel wee
St. Louis and here. He will beat home butcre
day, and on Friday afternoon will epeak at
Syracuse in Otoe county, the home of ex-Sec'e

tary Morton. Friday evening he #epetes 2B
Weeping Water, Cass county, On Saturcay
he makes three speeches in this (].anca

county. One will be made in the north ®

part of the county and two tn the soulhem

at small places and for the benefit of his factnmer
friends, who, according to polls, have been
,

deserting him in large numbers because of
their prosperity. Every t
viously that he has been @ candidate for of oe
Bryan has carried the country districts of lie

home county, and thia trip {ts undertaken for
the purpose of repairing his broken {
He will remain home and rest for u few day®

present me pre

after which he will begin a tour of » N °
western States. Several speeches will be mace
in Nebraska, on route to South Dakota w ere
on the morning of the 28th, he speaks at Stout
Falls He will be at Aberdeen in the evening
On the 2th he Invades North Dakot 4
speak at Fargo, Quincy, Hillsboro, Rerno 's
and Grand Forks. There he will meet Int #
afternoon a corumittee of fusionists from Mir-

nesota, and will end the day wit
Crookston, Minn He will epee
luth and St. Paul) The follov
head toward Wisconsin and sy
cities, winding up at LaCrosse Here
to be taken in charge by the Wis¢
mittee and will devote several days t mips Oe
ing in that State

 

 
  

 

From there he goes to Chicago, where he
has instructed the committee tor '
an Eastern itinerary for him TT! !
clude Pennsylvania, New Jerse i are

 

New York and New England

he does not expect to return until about the

 

    

 

   

28th of October

The last week of the campaign «1! ven®,
according to his custom, tr Kir 1 wl .
wind tour of Nebraska, clostr t tt ‘
election in Omaha He will returr “
tion dav, vote and receive the news e

Arrangements are partially or ’
Scnaevan's tour of Nebraska l arst
demonstration of the four da w ¢ ;
here at Bryan's home it ‘ 5

carnival week and thousands o
men will bein line. The Democra j
bly have Senator Wellington Ww iow bade

after. ‘

ere on the day

4

=I

—o 2 2

~~
wo

= >

-

ePr®e-ee5c>

S2ee

e

d
at

—~Sr>qgRnorer zB azz

vss

Foe oR ur 2 >RYTOR=S

seo