SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, por Month ....++++++++
DAILY, per Year...++-
GUNDAY, per Year...-.+- ‘ cosbeoe
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year, ..sersemeess
DAILY AND SUNDAY, pet Month. .++s++++er

Postage to foreign countries added
‘Tue Sun, New York City,

    

Pants—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and

Kiosque No, 10, Boulevard des Capucines.
ES

If owr friends who favor ua with manuscripts for
pudlication wish to hare rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.
oS

Imperialism and the Courts.

The first coherent definition of “ impe-
rlalism” that we haveobserved we find {n
a letter addressed to the Hon. Joun T.
McGraw, the Demooratio National Com-
mitteeman of West Virginia, by the Hon.
Perry Be_mont of New York. We quote
from it as it is found in the Baltimore Sun:

“The Republican idea, the imperialistic Idea, is that
all the millions of people tn our territories and (slands
can, in time of peace, be governed by Congresa accord-
ing to its own fancy, unrestrained by the Constitu

tlon and the judicial powers. org 8
“Such ‘imperialism ' was by the Kansas City Con-

vention made the supreme issue.”
“The imperialism which the Democrats denounce

is the Republican desire and purpose wo govern the
ceded islands in disregard of the Constitution.

“Imperialism then is not government
of the Philippines, but government of the
Philippines “unrestrained by the Consti-
tution.”

Here are three pertinent facts:

I. The Republican policy is in acoord-
ance with every legislative act applied to
territory newly acquired by the United
States since the United States began thelr
tremendous march of expansion.

Ul. The Federal Supreme Court backs it
up with exhaustive and overwhelming
authority.

IIE. The issue of “imperialism,” as defined
above, is again before the courts to-day.

If the Republican policy is unconstl-
tutional, therefore, it will be so decided,
and reversed. If it should be decided
adversely to the Democrats, as precedent
indicates, the Democrats will be Consti-
tutionally bound to trample on their argu-
ments and respect the law. It follows

 

that ‘imperialism '’ must be a bogus issue |
in the eyes of law-abiding citizens. It Is |

no more proper as an issue of a national
election than any dispute at law now under
the courts’ consideration would be.

Bryanism, on the other hand, is not before
the courts, but threatens them.

Either Democrats like Mr. BELMONT are
more Bryanite than they know, or they are
deliberately denouncing the Republican
foreign policy in order that they may
eventually pack the Supreme Court against
it, as it is proposed by Bryanism to pack
our highest tribunal for other purposes.

Mr. Hewitt and the Trust Question.

Our correspondent who paid a deserved
tribute to the ability of the Hon. AnRAM
§. Hewrrr and his fidelity to conviction,
spoke of his views of the “trust” problem
as having been borrowed from Tur Sun.
This was an error and it does injustice to
Mr. Hewrrrt, for he is distinctively a man
of an original mind who does his thinking
for himself.

So long ago as 1878, Mr. Hewitt, in a
suggestive address on “ Capital and Labor "
before the Church Congress, at Cincinnati,
presented very strikingly the very ideas
concerning trusts to which our oorre-
spondent referred. They took shape fn
hig mind while engaged in a thorough
investigation of the subject as a member
of a committee of Congress appointed
for the purpose, but whose report, un-
fortunately, has never been made and
published.

At that time, nearly a quarter of a cen-
tury ago, Mr. Hewirr outlined a theory
of the advantages of trusts to labor which
fs now beginning to provoke favorable
thought in the minds of intelligent work-
men. Even then corporations controlled
more than half of the manufacturing busi-
ness of the world, although the first in-
dustrial corporation had been organized
less than fifty years before. Indiscriminate
attack on corporations was then fashionable
among social and political demagogues
and shallow economic philosophers, as It
fs now, though it is an attack, as Mr. Hewrtr
said, upon “ that phase of human organiza-
tion which offers the best promise for the
advancement of the working classes”

“Because new agencies produce evils we |

must not lose sight of the greater good
of which they are capable and in reality
accomplish.” “The corporate principle ”
he went on, expressing the idea to which
our correspondent referred, “is the only
one which admita of the association of
labor aud capital upon the basis of an own-
ership distributed among those who com
tribute either capital or labor. Suoh an
ownership is indispensable not merely
to harmony, but also to the achievement
of the largest possible results and the
equitable distribution of the products of
human industry.”

The industrial combinations, corpora-
tions, “trusts” have been an Inevitable
development, due to the {mpossibility of
profita under the system of the past; “ and
labor ie becoming sufficiently intelligent
to understand that {t must rely for com-
pensation on what the business oan afford
to pay.”
combination is that there is no ‘onger
secrecy in business “The exact con-
ition, not only of any particular business,
but also of business of all kinds, ts now
generally understood and will become
More and more the property of society.”

With the “ trusts,” too “the great object |

aimed at is rather steadiness and stability
of business than excessive or spasmodic
profits” Through the diviston of the
capital of such industrial combinations
into many shares, costing a comparatively
gmal] sum each, employees are enabled
to become ehareholders in the
mess; “and the habit of association, not
only between workmen and employers,
but between different orginivattons en-
in the same kinds of business, will
go far to mitigate the evils of the com-
petitive system;" and as “self-respect
usually increases with the possession of
perty, property itself being a humantiz-
and refining agency,” the moral gain
will be great. With increased production
go lower prices and lower prices mean
increased oonsumption and consequent
ae of the oondition of man-
ind.”
Ambition to become Interested in the
business as shareholders will encourage
paving, “the parent of capital,” among

Moreover, & consequence of such |

busi-

 

— are productive of no advantage to

them, it is easy to see that in a single year

,@ large fund could be accurnulated
| investment in business enterprises,
that In a generation the whole capital In-
vested in industrial undertakings might
be transferred to the wage-earning class.”
Confirmation of this is furnished by the
two and one-half billions of dollars depot-
ited in the savings banks of this coun-
try, and that sum would be increased
vastly if the abstinence advocated by Mr.
Hewitr was general among workmen,
for now, relatively to their incomes, they
spend more for luxuries than the richer
part of the community.

Mr. Hewitt, in a speech in Congress in
1884, or six years after this addrees to the
Church Congress, pursued the same idea
in declaring that in this new industrial
system “we have now entered upon the
final struggle for Industrial freedom.”
The ultimate results of this struggle he
thus desoribed:

“ The world will be filled with wealth, partly the
accumulations of past ages, and more the product
of the present age, when the genius of man has made
him master of all the eubtie forces of nature, Capital
will be superabundant, and therefore cheap, But
capital will then be the servant, and no longer the
master, of labor, Labor will no longer be bired by
capital, but will bire i, It will no longer work for
wages, but for profits, which will be proportioned
to the natural resources of each country, without
deduction for the support of special classes of men,
or for the advantage of special tnterests, at the ex-
pense of the general welfare.”

This, as Mr. Hawrrr said, is “ no dream
of an enthusiast, but a sober deduction
from the study of the operation of the
principle of association which ts invading
and taking possession of every domain
of human affairs.”

Again, in 1890, Mr. Hewrrr presented
these ideas in his address as President of
the American Institute of Mining Engineers.
He then called attention to the necessity
of requiring by law that such industrial
organizations, like banks and trust com-
panies, should “ repert the result of their
business and be open to the inspection
and scrutiny of public officers appointed
for the purpase,” with a view to preventing
“the disturbance and dislocation of in-
dustry.” Thus protected, the prudent and

| intelligent workmen, through the facilities
| offered by the distribution of corporate

for

B

| shares, will put himself on a level with the
capltalist,so that “the time is near when
it will be discreditable to a workman not
to be also an owner in the establishment
in which he works.”

These views, thrice publicly repeated
by Mr. Hewrrr during the last quarter of
a century, are statesmanlike in their con-
| ception and of a broad philosophic compre-
hensiveness. Better still, they are true.

Confucianism in the Nineteenth Cen-
tury.

The most valuable contribution to the
September number of the North American
Review is an article entitled “ Confucianism
in the Nineteenth Century.” This is a
reoord of first-hand observation, wisely
interpreted, by Dr. Herbert A, GILEs,
who for thirteen years was a member of
the British Consular Service in the Celestial
Empire, and who fs now the professor of
Chinese in the University of Cambridge.

Nearly forty years ago Dr, Leaaxr wrote
of Conrrcrus as follows: “ His influence
has been wonderful, but it will henceforth
wane. My opinion is that the faith of the

nation in him will speedily and extensively
pass away.” Dr, Gries says that, on the
sontrary, the hold of the teachings of Con-
rvcivus upon his countrymen seems to-day
as strong as ever. The fact ts the more
remarkable because little or nothing has
been done by the Emperors in the present
century to promote the influence of Con-
fucianism, whereas, between 1662 and 1706
no effort to that end was spared. In 1670
was put forth what is known as the Sacred
| Edict, embodying @ number of injunctions
| tending to“ get rid of heterodoxy and exalt
| the orthodox dootrine,” and in 1675 was
| published a vast collection of commentaries
upon the Confucian Canon filling no less
| than 120 large volumes. One of the enact-
| ments contained in the Sacred Edict was
| that it should be publicly read to the people
on the first and fifteenth of each month
at every important centre of population
all over the Empire, For a considerable
period during the first half of this century
| this practice had been allowed to fall very
} much into desuetude at Canton. About
| the year 1850, however, a number of edu-
cated Chinese, taking alarm at the open
activity of Protestant missionaries, formed
themselves {ato a society for reading and
| studying the Sacred Edict among them-
| selves. After the olose of the Tai-ping
| Rebellion, Confucianism at once and com-
| pletely regained the ground which it seemed
| temporarily to have lost. The produo-
tion of Confucianist books showed marked
| signs of increase; olearly printed editions
| of the Classios and kindred work were
issued from Wu-chang, the capital of Hue
| peh, at a price which placed them within
| reach of the masees. The story of the

Reform movement and of the virtual depo-
sition of the Emperor Kwano-su in Sep-
tember, 1898, is familiar. Dr. Guies has
no doubt that, had Kwano-svu remained
in power, Confucianism would have been
forced to modify its intolerant attitude
toward foreign standards of thought and
eduoation, Upon the suspension, how-
ever, of KWANG-80'8 active functions, it was
determined that the old examination sys-
tem, which had prevailed almost unaltered
for nearly six oenturies, while its roots
extended back beyond the Christian era,
should be restored in tts integrity. The
introduction of “ new, depraved and erro-
neous subjecta,” by which must be under-
stood modern ecientifico teaching, was
strictly prohibited under various pains
and penalties Thus the occupation of
the newly tnaugurated University of Pekin
was gone, and, for the time being, Confu-
cianism was triumphant.

Dr. Grurs does not hesitate to express
the opinion that any attempt to extirpate
| Confucianism will fail It is too deeply
| planted in the customs of the Chinese people

to be uprooted. Consequently, although

he holds that Confucianism should be
obliged to evince toward Christianity the
same toleranoe which it shows to Buddhism
and Taoism, he holds also that a reciprocal
gonoession should be made, and that Con-
fucianism should be permitted to subslat
side by side with Christianity, as Stoicism
was by the first Christian Emperors of

Rome, and as Positivism and Agnosticism

are in Christian Europe to-day, The two

practical features of Confucianism, to wit,
its patriarchal system and ite commem-
jorative worship of ancestora, cannot” be

 

:

o

 
 

pronounced Chinese practice of ances-
tral worship nothing more than a civil
way incompatible with the
the faith. Dr,
believes that, had this declaration |
allowed to stand, the probability is
the Catholic religion would now be |
the religion of China, The Jesuits, how- |
ever, were opposed by the ignorant Domin- }

Pe SERS BOUIN BY WAT, SEPTEMBER
id, be wise taking, subservient to the interests of re- | 1## PHILIPPINES IN INTERNATIONAL

Afterthe Revolution American Bible
societies sprang up and multiplied until
there were thirty-five represented at the
meeting for the organization of the present
American Bible Society. This society has
printed and circulated nearly seventy
millions of Bibles during the period of its
existence and it has been a favorite object
of pious benevolence It seems, however,
according to a statement by one of Its
Secretaries inthe Herald, that such con-

LAW.

Precedents That Sustain the Administration's
Position.

To rum Eprron of THE SuN—Sir: It seems
to me impossible for the so-called anti-im-
perlalists to maintain their position with re-
spect to the acquisition by the United States

| of the Philirpine Islands upon the authori-

 

ties and precedents of international law. We

acquired the islands by cession from Spain,
and not by conquest. The treaty between
us and Spain which was concluded at Paris
on Deo. 8, 1898, expressly so declares; and the

feans, and, the question being referred tributions “ have greatly fallen off of recent | gondition of ion, namely, the payment
to the Pope, it was decided in favor of the years.” Meanwhile“ the prive of Bibles | by us of soa aenegn baa ce fulfilled. The
latter, Thus @ great opportunity was| has been amazingly reduced,” #0 that | title has passed. The sovereignty is now in

missed, The importance attached to the
cult of ancestors at the present day may
be guaged by an Imperial edict issued on
Feb, 15, 1900, in which Lr Huno Omano |
was instructed to desecrate and destroy »
the tombs of the forefathers of the fugitive
reformer Kano-Yu-War. We should here
note that the tolerance extended by Con-
fucianiam to Buddhism and Taoism is due
to the fact that on every Buddhist and
Taoist altar stands a small tablet recording
political allegiance to the Emperor. Con-
fucianism asks for no more; {t will not per-
mit any effigy or likeness of Conrucivs
to be set up in any such place of worship.
Christian missionaries have not seen their
way to the same compromise. Neverthe-
leas, more than one Protestant missionary
has acknowledged that “there is in Con-
fucianism much that is excellent concern-
ing the relations of man, and many points
in which the doctrines of Christian revela-
tion are almost echoed.” The view, in-
deed, prevaila much more widely now
than it did a few years ago, that the sooner
missionaries devote themselves to a close
study of Confucian doctrines the better.

It is the fashion to deride the Chinese
curriculum, and Dr, Gites does not deny
that the introduction of science would be
advantageou in many ways. At ‘the
same time he acknowledges that the Chinese
Classics have had precisely the effect attrib-
uted by Prof. Jenn in his lecture on
“Humanism in Education” to the Classics
of Greece and Rome; that is to say, “the
culture which they supply, while limited
in the sphere of ite operation, has been an
efficient and’ vital influence not only in
forming men of letters and learning, but
in training men who afterward gained
distinction in active life and in various
public careers.” There have been many
admirable specimens of Confucianists dur-
ing the present century; men who not only
have been successful as administrators,
but have gained a lasting name for probity,
courage and frugality. One of the most
eminent living examples of the ethical
value of Confucianism is CHana CHIH-
Tune, Viceroy of Hu-peh and Hu-nan,
who, in spite of the high posts he has filled
and is now filling, is a poor man, and is
universally known to be incorruptible,
As for the patriarchal system, it has many
advantages, It encourages morality and
thrift, knits close the family ties and, in
days of failure and distress, provides a
support for individuals by means of a
common fund.

On the whole, Dr, Gites seems to think
that the time has come for giving up frontal
attacks upon Confucianism. There is,
he says, really very little to attack, apart
from the dogma that man is born good
and that his lapse into evil is wholly due to
his environment, a dogma which Dr, WEIs-
MANN would accept; and, apart from the
worship of ancestors, which, as being mainly |
commemorative, the Jesuits of the seven-
teenth century were, as we have seen,
disposed to tolerate. The cardinal! virtues |
which are most admired by Christians are |
strongly inculcated in the Confucian Canon, |
and, according to Dr, Gives, the general |
practioe of these is certainly up to the)
average standard exhibited by foreign |
nations. When the first Chinese Ambas-~-
sador to England was departing home-
ward, he sald plainly that, while in material
civilization, England was far ahead of
China, their national morality was nothing
leas than shocking. “It must, indeed,”
says Dr. Gites, “seem strange to a Con-
fucianist, that, with all the boasted in-
fluences of Christianity, it should still be
necessary to organize a Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, the ill
treatment of children being quite unknown |
in China.” The oharge that female in- |
fanticide is due to Confucianism is pro-
nounced glaringly absurd, In this case, |
it seems possible actually to prove a nega- |
tive. Every Chinaman marries young.
If his wife dies he marries again, while,
on the other hand, it is not thought proper |
for widows to remarry. Moreover, many
well-to-do Chinamen take concubines;
some take two, three and even four. It
follows that, unless there is an enormous
disparity in the numbers of boys and girls
born, which is incredible, extensive female
infanticide cannot be practised in China.

The conclusion is that Christian mis-
sionaries would do well to divert thetr |
onset away from Confucianism and in the |
direction of Buddhism and Taoism. If
the two last-named religions, which, what- |
ever might once be said for them, are now
corrupted and overlaid with degrading
superstitions, could be displaced by Chris-
tianity, and if Confucianism could be reoog-
nized for what it is, a pure oult of virtue,
with commemorative ceremonies in honor
of its founder and of family ancestors,
one great barrier between Western peoples
and the Chinese would be broken down.

 

The Falling Off of the American
Bible Socicty’s Business.

Tt ia a significant circumstance that the
American Bible Society, the great organi-
gation for the distribution of the Bible
which has been in existence for more than
three-quarters of a century, ls now medi-
tating the sale of its extensive Bible House
at Fourth avenue and Ninth street and the
transference of its manufacturing and
publishing business to some country place
where property for the purpose is far
cheaper.

This Bible House, a spacious brick struct-
ure, was erected forty-elght years ago and
it was long among the most notable build-
ings in New York and as such was visited by
strangers generally. The supply of Bibles
in this country had been wholly insufficient
for the demand when this society was
organized in. 1816 by the combination of
smaller organizations of the kind So
great was thescarcity of the Scriptures dur-
ing the Revolution that the Continental Oon-
gress voted to print 30,000 copies, and when
it was found impracticable to print them
in this country the Committee of Commerce
was directed to import 20,000 copies, on the
ground that the use of the Bible ‘‘ was so
universal and ite importance so great.’ It
being impossible to obtain the Bibles be-
cause of the embargo, Congress, in 1742,
passed a resolution favoring and com-
mending @ privately printed American
edition as “a plous and laudable under-

@ private publisher says that now “there
is no money in Bibles.” Cheap as they are,
however, the demand for them has dimin-
ished. Over four hundred thousand more
Bibles and Testaments were sent out by
the American Bible Society flve years ago
than are sent out now, and ita receipts in
money have fallen off nearly one-half

Under such circumstances the association,
very naturally, is considering methods of
retrenchment, and one of the most impor-
tant and most n y of these is the
sale of its property at Ninth street So
expensive a plant is wasteful and un-
justifiable in such an institution. A site
for its manufactory that would equally
well serve ita purposes could be bought at
a tithe of the value of the present Bible
House. Some income is derived from
renting a part of the building, but it is not
enough to make it a profitable investment
of the money of the pious. Moreover,
the structure ls old and according to the
standard of these days is a rattletrap liable
to burn up. As a big piece of landed
property, not frequently obtainable now
in crowded New York, it ought to fetch
a large price; though, unquestionably,
it is not in a situation where such property
can be called “ gilt-edged.” The more
valuable it is, however, the more repre-
hensible is the policy of ocoupying it by a
society dependent on religious contribu-
tions. Such institutions have no more
right to go into real estate speculations
than into stock gambling. The Tract
Society had no moral right to borrow 4
million dollars to speculate in a building
in Nassau street and the Presbyterian
Mission Boards to put up their enormously
costly structure in lower Fifth avenue.
They have no need of them for their own
uses The Bible Society could manufacture
ita Bibles a hundred miles away from New
York as well as on an expensive site in
town.

But there is something else of far graver
significance in this decline of the business
of the Bible Soctety. It is the lessened
reading of the Bible indicated. No one
who inquires among the younger men of
this time is not struck by discovering how
little is their familiarity with the Bible.
Our current literature is not penetrated
with ita spirit and shaped by the language
of the King James Version, as was the
English literature of the past. Bibical
quotations which used to be on every tongue
are rarely heard now. In how many fami-
lies now is the Bible read as a part of daily
devotional exercises, though formerly it
was used thusin every Protestant house-
hold of a religious tone?

This present neglect of the Bible, how-
ever, cannot be called surprising itis
a natural consequence of the discredit
thrown on the Scriptures even by clergy-
men and teachers of theology. The Bible
is no longer distinguished by them as the

infallible Word of Gop, but is apologized

for as mere “literature” disfigured by
human errors, the guile of priestcraft, and
the ignorance and credulity of semi-bar-
barous compilers. It {s no longer held up
to men as the one Book absolutely separated
from all human literary productions, but is
discuased as simply one of the sacred books
of the religious and superstitious of the
world

It is no wonder, then, that the business
of the American Bible Society {s falling
away. How could it be otherwise?

A Desperate Game,

The anthracite coal strike, to a great
extent doubtless, ls a Democratic device
for bringing about the calamity which
the Bryan prophets of 1896 predicted In vain.
It ts a political blow at the prosperity and
{ndustrial contentment which have made
the Bryanistio appeals for support sound~-
ing absurdities.

As disaster refused to follow McKinuzey’s
election four years ago, {t must be made
to precede election day in 1900 or his re-
election is sure.

It is a dastardly game, doomed from its
very enormity to failure.

 

Galveston.

On last Sunday, before the waters had
actually subsided from their streets, the
people of Galveston declared, {n no half-
hearted tones, that their city must rise
again. The whole of Texas would repu-
diate the idea that there ts not a bright
future before Galveston. The railroad
system of the State was laid out with a view
to facilitating access to the only important
portof Texas. In Texasthereare four large
railroad centres from which lines radiate
to all points of the compass; and these
receiving pointe are all feeders of Gal-
veston’s commerce,

They are Dallas, surrounded by great
areas of cotton and wheat fields; Fort
Worth, the largest centre of the Texas
cattle trade; Waco, whence muoh of the
export cotton of the rich Brazos Valley
is shipped to Galveston; and Houston,
on which 7,000 miles of railroad converge
and which has the advantage both of rail
and water communication with the port.
Without Galveston the entire eoonomio
development of the State would be thrown
into confusion The port also has direct
oommunication, by the Southern Pacifio,
with the cattle ranges of western Texas
and the combination of cattle and cotton
gives rise to one of Galveston’s conspicuous
industries, the manufacture of oll cake
for cattle feed. Galveston will continue
to ocoupy the old stand and do a larger
business than ever

 

The Republican campaign in New York city
opened on Friday nolght with the explosive
force of four great weetings. The point now
{a to keep it up. -

 

The decett practised on the Pbilippine leaders is
not exceeded by any act of national duplicity since
the buteb ries by PIZARRO or the Infamies of CLIVE
and HASTINGS —« éincinnotl Enquirer.

This recalls the nursery rhyme wri'ten by the
Hon, JoHN Rou. McLRAN at ( armbridge, Mase.,
a@ generation ago;

* Wicked old PIZARRO,
Whata wretch you are, O!
You nabbed the simple natives
And you biled'em in a jar, O!"

Mr. STANCHPIELD ts still a young man.— Bw ale
Times

But the hope of former days has departod
from the young men of the land.

EE

us and we are in legal possession.

The principal instances of cession of terri-
tory to us by treaties concluding ware are
those of Texas and the Philippines. The an-
nexation of Texas, as {s well known, did not
immediately follow the treaty of Guadalupe
Hildago, concluded Feb. 2, 1848

It ts customary in most modern treaties
of cession to make provision enabling the citi-
vens of the ceded territory to preserve thelr
nationality of origin in case they so destre,
upon compliance with certain specified con-
ditions, but citizens have no absolute right
of keeping their old allegiance, irrespectively
of treaty. In the oase of the United States
vs. De Repentigny, 6 Wallace, 260, this rule
was laid down:

“A rule of public law fa that the conqueror who has
obtained permanent posseaston of the enemy's coun-
try has the rigbt to forbid the departure of ite new
subjects or eltizens from |t and to exercise sovereign
authority over them."

Halleck (II., 490-487) and Calvo (section
2164) think that Inhabitants of a ceded country
have a right of keeping their old allegiance,
if they choose to emigrate: but Aall says:

“It 1s unquestionable that to prevent them from do-
ing so would be harsh and oppressivein the extreme,
but as the possession of such 4 right Is inconsistent
with the general principles of law, it could only have
been established by a practice of which there is cer
tainly as yet no reasonable evidence "

So far as what may be called the Spanish
portion of the population of the Philippines
is concerned, the treaty observes all the re-
quirements of international law and {s humane
to a degree.

Most modern treaties, cammencing with that
of Vienna in 1809, and coming down to that of
Frankfort in 1871, which closed the Franoco-
Prussian War, required the natives or citizens
of the ceded territory, in case they wished to
preserve their allegiance of origin, to emigrate
within a limited period; but our treaty con-
tains no such requirement, On the contrary,
by Article [X., Spanish subjects who are natives
of the Peninsula may preserve thelr allegiance
to the Crown of Spain, by simply making be-
fore a Court of Record, within a year from the
date of the exchange of ratifications of the
treaty, a declaration of their decision to pre-
serve such allegiance; in default of which dec-
laration they shal) be held to have renounced
their allegiance and to have adopted the na-
tionality of the territory in which they reside.

It is, however, the following portion of Ar-
ticle IX. which seems to have stirred up the
ire of the anti-imperialists: “The civil rights
and political status of the native inhabitants
of the territories hereby ceded to the United
States shall be determined by the Congress.”
fiere, they say, we have departed from our
traditional policy: we have not by the treaty
pledged ourselves to incorporate the Filipinos
into the Union. We have broken with the past
and changed our national course, We can
admit the Fillpinos to citizenship or not, as
we please. If we do not admit them we shal!
be imposing our sovereignty upon them against
their will, and governing them as subjects,

It ts not difficult to answer this upon purely
legal grounds.

First—We were not, either by International
usage or law, bound, in advance, to pledge
ourselves to incorporate them into the Union.
When a sovereign acquires an inhabited ter-
ritory, he acquires full dominion over it, sub-
ject only to the qualification that this dominion
does not divest the vested rights of individuals
to property.

Delassus va, United States, 9 Peters, 117; Mitchell
va United States, tbid., 711: United States vs
Percheman, 7 ibid., 51.

Second—Even our own practice, with re-
apect to the citizenship of native tribes, in ter-
ritory acquired by cession has not been uni-
form. By Article ITT. of the treaty of 1803 with
France, by which we acquired Louisiana, it ts
provided that:

“The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be
incorporated in the Union of the United States, and
admitted as soon as possible, according to the orin-
ciples of the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment
of all the rights, advantages and immunities of citi-
sens of the United States.”

Article VI. of the treaty of 1819 with Spain,
by which we acquired Florida, contains a pro-
vision to the same effect, though the conferring
of citizenship upon the “inhabitanta” is to take
place “as soon as may be consistent with the
principles of the Federal Constitution.” In
neither of these treaties is there any distinction
made between the citizens either of France
or Spain and the others, but the people are all
grouped together under the simple designa-
tion, “inhabitants.” It is well known that both
louisiana and Florida contained, at the time
of cession, quite a mixed population of French,
Spaniards, Creoles, Indians, and negroes, It
will be observed that, while the treaties named
bound us to incorporate the inhabitants of the
ceded territories into the Union, no time is
fixed, the treaty with France providing for
the admission of the “inhabitants” to citizen-
ship “as soon as possible, according to the prin-
ciples of the Federal Constitution;” and that
with Spain ‘‘as soon as may be consistent with
the principles of the Federal Constitution,”
The United States, although under compact,
were thus left free to determine their own time
for the fulfilment of the compact. In neither
Louisiana nor Florida were there ever any In-
dians admitted to citizenship; and the general
population of negroes which inhabited those
territories at the time of cession did not live
to cast their first votes for Abraham Linooln,

Article IX. of the treaty of 1948 with Mexioa,
by which we acquired such large territories
from that country, makes no provision what-
ever for the incorporation of the native tribes
and other inhabitants, but only for Mexican
citizens, who should not, in conformity with
the treaty, preserve their Mexican citizenship,
They, and they only, in that event, “shall be
incorporated into the Union of the United
States, and be admitted at the proper time
(to be Judged of by the Congress of the United
Btates) to the enjoyment of all the righte of
citizens of the United States according to the
pri les of the Constitution.”

By the treaty of 1807, Article III., by which
Russia ceded Alaska to us, the native tribes
are expressly excluded from the agreement
on our part to confer citizenship, The Rus-
sian inhabitants “may continue their allegi-
ance to Russia by returning thereto within
three years; but if they should prefer to re-
main in the ceded territory, they, with the
exception of uncivilized native tribes, shall
be admitted to the enjoyment of all the rights,
advantages and immunities of citizens of the
United States, and shall be maintained and
protected in the free enjoyment of their Iib-
erty and religion. The uncivilized tribes
will be subject to such laws and regulations
as the United States may from time to time
adopt {n regard to aboriginal tribes of that
country.”

Thirdly—It will hardly be disputed that
no State is bound to make all its inhabitants
citivens. Citizenship ts a privilege and not a
right.

The last and most tenacious objection held
by the opponents of the annexation of the
Philippines is that we have no right to annex
them and impore our rule upon them without
the consent of the inhabitants. Stated in
its most punwent form, this objection is: “We
bought the Philippines without their consent
at $2.00 each, and the War of the Rebellion

4
A

<i

ended in our country the traffic in human
flesh.”

We have heard a great deal about Jefferson's
dictum that “Governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed.”
All this is wide of the mark, and has no
application whatever to nternational trans-
actions. It would be difficult to point out
in history a single example where in the
oase of ceded territory its inhabitants were
asked for their consent to the cession.
ask for such consent would be Inconsistent
with the paramount authority of the govern-
ments concerned; and in case that consent were
refused, the governments would not be gov-
ernments. Moreover, \ would b impracti-
cable to get such consent, How Is it to be
ascertained? If by vote of the people,
who is to determine who shall vote? Must
the consent be unanimous? ‘Are the quali-
fications of voters to be tested by property,
education or the bare fact of residence, or how?

Was consent to cession asked of the inhabt-
tante of Louisiana, or Florida, or Texas, 01
Alaska?

Was the consent to cession asked of the in-
habitante of Alsace and Lorraine in 1871?

In conclusion, the rule of international law
oan beat be given in the language of Hall I
quote from page 48 of the fourth edition of
his treatise on that subject, published in 1805:

A misapprehension of the like kind Is sometimes
met with In regard to the right of alienation, the exer-
cise of which is said to be subject to the tacit or
express consent of the population inhabiting the terrt
tory intended to be alienated. The doctrine appears
in two forms, a moderate and an extremeone, In Its
more moderate shape it appears to come to litle
more than a denial that title by cession is
completed when the ceded territory has been
handed ovr by the original owner to
the new proprietor, peaceable submission by the tn-
habiiants being necessary to perfect the right of the
latter; but itis occasionally declared that the cession
of land cannot be disassociated from that of the peo-
ple who live and enjoy their political rights upon it,
that “a people ts no longer a thing without rights
and without will:’ that its consent, if not other

wise proclaimed, must be testified by &
yot® of the population or its representatives
and that international law has adopted

this principle by {ts practical recognition In the
treaty of Turin, which regulated the erssion of Sa-
voy to France, in the treaty of London, by which
the Ionian Islands were ceded to Greece, In the treaty
of Vienna, which stipulated for the eventual cession
of Venetia to Italy, and in that portion of the treaty
of Prague which referred to Northern Sles
vig. For an answer to this doctrine in its
extreme form it {s only necessary to traverse the alle-
gation of fact. The principle that the wishes of a pop-
ulation are to be consulted when the territory which
they inhabit ts ceded has not deen adopted in'o tnter-
national (aw and cannot be adopted into tt uniil title by
conquest has disappeared. The pretension that it
wassanciioned by the treaties cited bas an alr
rather of mockery than of serious statement,
when the circumstances accompanying the
cession of Savoy and Nice are remembered
and when the only treaty of the number, the breach
of which opportunity and desire combine to render
possible, remained unobserved, and bas finally been
cancelled. As to the milder form of the doctrine. it ts
only to be sald that States being the sole interna-
tional units, the tnhabitanta of a ceded territory,
whether acting as an organized body or as an unor-
Ganized maas of individuals, have no more power to
confirm or reject the action of their State than is pos-
seased by a single individual. An act. on the other
hand, done by the State as a whole, ts, bythe very
conception of a State, binding upon all the members
of it.

The italics are mine. It would seem to
follow that, in annexing the Philippine Is
ands by the treaty of Paris, we not only
did nothing tnoonsistent with our own pre-
vious polloy, but that we strictly observed
every legal and humane consideration of tn-
ternational law WititaM O, Davis,

120 Broapwar, Sept. 7.

Match and Freeze-Ont.

To THE FEprror oF THE SuN—Sfr: XK andY
begin to mateh for a dollar a turn. They matc4
twice and X loses each time. X saysto Y, “Let's
turn it into @ Gve-dollar freezeout?"’ Y replies,
“AN right” A five-dollar freese- out consists
in placing five markers om the middie of the
table and matching until one or the other has
all the five markers, at each match the winner
taking one marker from the middle of the table or
from his opponent's hand. When one or the other
has all the markers in his hand the loser pays the
winner 85. When Y said, ‘All right" Ove markers
were placed in the middle of the tableand Y took two
markers from the middle of the table and placed them
in hisown band. The vartles then matched untfl X
had all the five markers.

Q. How much does Y owe X?

Supplemental auestion, What did Y gatn by the
whole transaction?

Upon the first question Y contends that he owes X
$5. vin: the amount of the five dollar

frerse-cut, less the $2 lost by X In the straight
matching. contends Y owes him $85, vir:
the amount of the freezecut, the first transaction
being merged into the [reeze-out by giving Y two
markers.

On the oupriomsniel question X contends be risked
and gaine but $5 on the whole transaction,
the first contract of straight matching being merged
{n the second contract of a freeze-out, and thus en-
lirely obliterated as a separate transaction, the acts
under the frat contract being treated asa partof the
freeze-out. Others contend that X, by changing the
game to @ freeze-out, and winning the freeze-out
gained $7 by the whole transaction, vir: the
cancellation of a debt of §2, and $5 cash on
the freeze-out. Xx Y.

 

 

The case ts clear, made aso particularily by what
X said to Y when they “turned tt into a fivedol-
lar freeze out,"’ and what Y did, with X's approval,
when he placed the two ‘markers from the middle of
the table in his own hand.”

After the first stage of the game, after they had
matched twice for $1 a turn, X owed Y $2.
Then, sald X, let us change this transaction Into
another, namely, & $5 freeze-out Five chips, each
representing $!,were placed fn the middle of the table,
and to prove that according to the understanding of
each, the matching, with ite winning and losing of

2, was merged into the freeze-out, Y took $2 which
X owed him in the shape of two freeze-out chips; aud
the freeze-out contest began on the basis of that
transfer, with the approval of X, Y by transforming
the advantage he had gained from the matching into
alead of two In the freese-out obliterated the first.
By yielding these two chips X paid the $2 which he
hadlost. So the freeze-out became the only trane
action between them, and X won Five dollars
pass to him and no more,

 

The Betting of Tammany,

Down Into his belt the Chieftain

Goes a-rummaging for wampum;

Goes a-rummaging for wampum

Wherewithal © meet the making

Of another bet on Bryan;

280,000 wads of wampun

Yanks he out and shakes his feathers;

Shakes his feathers and his wampum

At the foe with 60,000

Who Is backing up bis Judgment

With the plunks at such a ratio;

And the Chieftain tn his feathers,

In bis feathers and his fury

That a GO-Pter warrior

Mas the war paint in bis system

Thus to offer 50,000

For a chance w& pull in twenty,

Ducks him deep into his dugout

In among his bard earned savings

For ano\ber wad of wampum

To invest in booming Bryan~

Bryan mighty, mate less leader,

Bryan cbief of aii the chieftains.

Bryan petriess, prince of powwows,

He who gives to New York's sachem,

Promise of all kinds of p aces

For warriors who surround bim

Aud who do the campaigu shouting;

Promises to give the sachem

What be watts, when William Jennings

Gets what he wants, |f the sachem,

In bis fuss and in bis feathers,

Waves tis Wampurn at the warriors

Of the eager G-U-Pters,

Thus to scare them by bis bluMng

‘TUl he makes them huntthel teeneca

Twice tue sachem, tn bis propping

Of the ¢ use of Willlam Jennings,

Has put up his 20,000,

Making 41 to 100,

Knocking out the famous ratio

Of the platform in Its glory

What ts sixteen to the suchem?

What ts one to what he's after?

IW bis40tw 100

Bring him that which he is seeking,

Sixtecn Bryans and the balance

Of the crochets of the party

May arise and go to thunder,

One and never ending thunder,
WILLIAM J. LaMrron.

To |

|

|

 

|
|
|
|

COLORED SERVANT

Strongly Recommended by a Woman of Ex-
perience.

To trax Epiton or THs Stx—Sir; I was
very much {nterested tn your article fn last
Saturday's SUN, Sept. 8, called “Negro Women's
Influence,” and I thought {{ the people of the
North, the women especially, would only do
their share to help the nero race It would
materially ald {n solving a dificult rroblem,

How help them? By employing them, A few
of the leaders of society could easily make it the
fasbion to have colored eervants. Some say

they are lazy «nd dishonest—but there are peo-
ple in New York who never have anything else,
#0 thatli cannot be ‘he case with all; I myself
have employed no other kind for twenty years
and J have never lost a thing, whereas, my
al ter with three Irish women in her house last
wintr had consiant myst rious Gieaprear-
ances, Ido nots sy to disoharge faithful Irish
servants, but 'f voll are getting new ones, give
the colored ones a tral,

Why should Americana be the only nation to
{mport theira:r ants? The English fee) they
are best served Ly an English butier oran Ena-
lish girl, the French by a French matd, while
we who have our serving lass at our own
door: and in large numbers, refuse to emp
them. They are th: Amerioin servants

175 SECOND Av., Sept. 12, M.D. Jomnsom.

HEADGEAR FOR A SQUAW,

 

Woman Who Lost Her Hat Ont of a Train ta
the West Sees It a Year Later.

“Talking of buying expensive hats,” sald the
New York woman, “reminds me of what hap
pened to a cousin of mine. She was a young
widow with two chiliren to educate. Her
income belng small, she went to Chicago from
her Montana home to study art in order to open
a etucio herself. The leasons were expensive
and when the time came for her to return home
she was short of money. However, she saw
a hat in a shop window that pleased her fancy,
Of course it was expensive; what pretty hat
fan't? She knew the price was more than she
could afford, and for some «ays she reelated
the temptation to buy It. But the cay before
her weparture for Montana she bought the hat,
and cecl ed to wear it on the train, thinking
it would be injure: less than if packed.

“While changing cars at a railroad Junction
in a gale of win: her hat blew off and went sail-
ing over the plains. There was no time to
runforit, as the train was late and move i right
on. Besices this my cousin had both chil-
dren with her, the younger one in her arma.
Trying, wasn't {t? Ang now whatco you thin
happened a year after? My cousin came Fast
aga n and naturally as the train reached the
lace where she bad lost her hat just a year

fore, she looke’ out of the car win.ow, and
there on the platform of the newly erected
Hittle station stood a squaw rigged out in all
the eplencor of her native costume and on her
heaca reposed the very hat that had been such
an expense and annoyance to my cousin. § It
was a comical sight anu almost reconciled her
to the loss, especially as the glory of the hat
had cepartec, the feathers looking forlorn and
the trimming generally the worse lor wear.”

Marriageitn Cuba,

To vue Epitor or Tue Scn—Sir; Without
aiming toimpair in the least the veracity of
your Havana correspondent, generally so wel!
informed, I would like to correot some of his
statements as they appeared in the Sunday
issue of The Sun under the caption ‘Mariage
Free in Cuba."" Notto do so would affect, by
iniplication quite a number of people.

The new marriage law, as promulgated by
Gen, Wood, settles, for the time being, a ques-
tion which, to quote your correspondent, ‘‘dur-
ing more than a year of the Amer can occupi-
tiou was @ source of regret and annoyance to
the Catholio Church of Cubaand to Protestant
Churches of the United States which had rep-
resentatives in the island," Ciyiland religious
o-remonies are now puton the same basis, and
we have ample cause for rejoicing, but he adds
further on: “When Gen, Brooke became tie
Governor General of Cuba he found a marriage
law which recognized as legal only religious o-re-
monies rerformed by the Cathvlicclergy."” And
bere is where his mistake comes in, as a@ aimp!s
glance at the Spanish Civil Code wi l reveal (Art \-
cles LVL, LVIL.). Asamatierof record, civi!
marriage, entirely independent of any rengious
interference, has been a legal function in Cua
for many years—that is, since 1886. And what is
more since the promulgation of the law in

uestion, the religious ceremony was, If any-
thing, subservient to the civil one, as the pres-
ence of the civil functionary was actually re
quired during the religious performance. I
refer to the Spanish révime, and the real gain
by the present decree (apart from pecu'iary
reasons) concerns prinelrally the Protestant
denominations, which will now have the legs
status denied them by the Spanisb law to vigor
previeus to the American § Interyentior
Althougs aep ritof tolerance pervaded the oid
aw, the moet rank (ntoleranoe was the predom-
{nant nature in all the clergy, being, on the
other hand, too powerful and too arrogant to
tolerate eve the semblance of equal rights or
fair play before the law of the land. And
this spirit of blind tntoleranoe and bigotry car-
ried them to declare, openly and defiantly, that,
notwithatanding the civil law wm force, all mar-
riage ceremonies performed before the clyil
funotionary (as the:law provid d), and noe
through the instrumentality of the Catholio
Church, were nee ssarily of an unchaste char-
acter and accordingly meretricionse in nature.
Thelocal press m d+ agallant fight at the ima
to uphold the validity as well as the sac: edness
of the civil ceremony, which was, by (he way,

 

as indi-soluble as the Catholic one, but
unfortun tely, the officia) favoritism which
was the birthright of every Spaniar
landed in Cuba, and the ienorance a

preludice of the uneducated class s, eqs

combined to make the law rather inefeotual in
{ts far-reaching scope. To this cause, prohabiy,
your correspondent’s error {+ die till, the
aot remains that not only was the eivi) mar
ringe a part of the Spanish law in Cuba, hut
als that many thousands and thousands were
united by a Magtstrate. and not by a Catho'le
priest, aa the local official records will sow
And the reason is obyicus. Apart from pec.
niarvy motives—certainiy not to be discounted

with the poorer clacsea—a great number of
Cubans did not wish to submit themse ves
to the exorbitant chirges of the olvrey
nor to their ritual for the = services

which they co ld obt In at considerally less
trouble and expense, and with equal, if rot bet-
ter, eMoacy from the municipal Judges. With
this «la sof people the protest and slanders of
the Catholle Church had no effect: whatever,
though unquestionably it limited the number
to alarge extent,

The new lew, it appears, does away with all
the drawbacks of the old one, while {ft has the
advantage of recognizing other creeds bes des
the Catholic, Moral as well aa political considera-
tions Justify the change. It means one more
step on th: road to real progress {n Cuba

New York, Sept. 9 N. A. CARBO.

The Traitor and the Patriot.

To THR Eprror oF THR Sun—Sér: tn reply tw
Col. Bryan, whoin a so-called patriotic speech to the
Germans of Wisconsin tried to scare them by saying
that If they voted for McKinley their sons would hare
to eerve in the army, I can assure Col. Bryan that
when the services of the boys referred to are neetet
they will be tn sympathy with tnetr country and w!!
rally around the flag and volunteer. one and al’ to
defend the Stars and Stripes. 8. SCHOEN HRN,

186 LAWKENOR STREET Brooklyn, Sept 14

Fair Challenge to Bryan,
From the Chicago Times Herald.
Tn opening the Republican campaign in the S'x'h
Tiitnots district Congressman Boutell uttered the ‘o!
lowing polnied challenge:

“Is Mr. irgan sincere In bis apparentanaxirty tat

no one should be governed without his conseni? le
us put him to a simple test,

“Tl challenge Wililam Jennings Pryan, ''
now and Now 6, to speak in the capital of «
old slave States, urging the repeal of all ¢
and laws designed to disfranchise the
tlon or restrict their suffrage, advising t *
niation to live up to the Declaration of Ind
respect the provistona of the Constitut
themselves to the rule of the mafority, «it '
© race, color or previous condi tio:

‘If Bryan declines thisec allenge theo
idealist. lle ls an ideal sham

To Memortam, Sept. 15
Good-by, my summer hat, good by,
For fashton's steri
Without a wherefore ora why
Bids you to take arest

behest

The suo moy shine with bilnding rays
But an unwritten code

Has placed 4 iimit to your days—
We must dress 4 la mode

Next year we'll weleom
When sultry grow the days
But, prithee, bring not i t ’
That sorry shirt-walst ers ze
So au revolr, your day
You've been a weleome guest,
But, now the summer season's gammy
We like eur @erbys bes
La TOUCHE HArcoc®,

sad

    

  
   
   

 

» ;
j
|
;
- -
a
|
é. :
i
2° &
©
» q
¥ b
%