4
’ “
>
' a

 

    
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  

AMERICANISM NOT BLAMED

 

POPE LEO'S DECLARATION TO ARCH-

BISHOP IRBLAND,

All Misunderstaudings Removed by Mer. Ire-
land's Reornt Visit to Rome—iHis Talks
With the Holy Father-A Speech Before
the Papal Court on Saint Joachim's Day.

Rome, Aug. 20.—Mar. Ireland's visit to the |

Holy F ther marks @ fortunate date for the

Church in the United States and for the general |

polfloy of Catholiclam. A coalition of the fac

i

 

tions of all the reactionists and of all countries
had made a final attack on “Americanism” and
on all the ideas of the present Pontificate. Leo
XIII. bad an intuition of the motives of the |
campaign, but 25 certain unpleasant tendencies
in Europe had led some persons to seek shelter |
under that new name, the Holy See found itself
obliged to proclaim at the same time the |
dangerous character of those tendencies and
the correctness of the American spirit.

Unfortunately, simple minds and theologians
do not understand the exact meaning of
these necessary distinctions, One day an
American prelate drew attention to the awk-
ward consequences of the Pope's letter to Car-
dinal Gibbons. “But,” answered Leo XIII,
“T made a clear distinction between the wrong
tendencies and the true Americanism." “That
{a true, most Holy Father, we Bishops know the
difference, but the public cannot make it out.
To mavy minds ‘Americanism’ of whetever
kind seems to be cond»mned.” What partio-
arly increased the regrettable confusion in the
United States was ‘he selfish and savage eager-
neve with which reactionists of all kinds made
use of the papal document against the Ameri-
cans. Thue they spread the belief that Rome
bac meant to strike a blow at the mort influen-
tial Bishops In the United States. So there was
radness and ill-feeling among many Catholics
and amazement among Protestants at this
alleged “condemnation of Americanism."’

For some time the Pope had been thinking of
putting an end to the confusion and misunder-
standing. He wasstruck by the unanimity of
rrorrinent Bishopa in declaring that in «pite of
the absolute correctness of the Pope's letter to
Cardinal Gibbons, that document had brought
about among all classes a lowering of their love
and esteen for the Holy See.

Leo XIIL, however, as is bie habit, waited for
a favorable occasion before throwing light on
the matter. The flattering and extraordinarily
kind reception which the Pope gave Mar. Ireland
marks the beginning of the transformation. I
#hall not be indisoreet: even Mer. Ireland him-
self speaks of it with discretion and modera-
tion. What may be told is what Leo XIII. him-
self has allowed to become public. For several |
days the Holy Father never wearied of praising
in the most delicate way to visitors and to those
about him the Archbishop of St. Paul. The
Pope stated expressly to Mer. Ireland that his
letter was not almed at “American American-
fam,”’ but at the European tendencies, which,
particularly in Germany, had made wrong use
of the name and the methods of work, contrary
to orthodox tradition and spirit.

‘May I say this publicly, most Holy Father?"’

“But Thee you todo so, All misunderstand-
Ings must be ended.”

This feet goes tothe root of the matter. We |
pointed out at the very beeinning the distin:-
tlons and the precise meaning of the letter to |
Cardinal Gibbons, But ao many passions had
entered into the matter that many minds ap-
neared either sat dened or uneasy or disaffeo ed
Teo XU nas seized the ocoasion of Mar. Ire-
land's visit to create in Rome a favora! le atmos-
phere. On the evening of Aug, 16 the last pri-
vate interview took place with Mgr. Ireland, who
intended to leave Rome next day. Duri-@ the
in‘eresting conversation Leo XIII. requested
the Archbishop to be preseat at the reception
of Aug. 19 in honor of Saint Joachim, the Holy
Father's patron saint. “I wish,” added the
Pope, “that you should vourself do away with
the unjust prejudices that are felt against you.
You will make a speech which shall put an end
to all hurt feelings."

It was done as he said. Mer. Ireland's
epeech at the Circolo in the presence of the
Pone and the court, on the attachment of
Armericans for the Pone and on the super-na-
tional character of the Papacy, made a most
favoroble impression on the hearers. It is
useless for cantenkerous spirits, too much the
slaves of ther prejudices to accept the present
evolution, to make comments and point out,
for instance, that Mer. Ireland did not use
once the phras» “temporal power;" the de-
sired effect was obtained. The very near future
will show that this ls the idea, the firm inten-
tion of Leo XIII. Public acts will follow. At
Rome th® situation was understood so well
that the most influential Cardinals, without ex-
ception, received Mgr. Lreland with the u'most
attention. Mer. Ireland leaves Rome with the
fee ing that the Pope and the Holy See look
upon him asa privileged codperator and, what is
of more consequence, with the certainty that
Rome has not condemned, and has never
thought of condemning, “American Ameri-
canism.'

These incidents will havea fruitful, I might
say almost historic, influence on the relations
between Rome, Europe and the United States,
as well as on t!e normal course of papal polcy.
Some day I shall say why. INNOMINATO,

LOADED CHICKEN KILLED NOBODY,

Servant Girl Who Served It Apparently Only
Wished to Spoll the Dinner.

Rerkie Chunko, a Hungarian servant girl

17 years old, was held in $1,000 bail by Magi-

atrate Hogan in the Harlem police court yester-

day morning on a charge of attemptin to
po'son the family of her employar, Louls Etkin,
of 5 West 12th atreet. The girl's wages had

boen withheld because she had broken a lamp
and she was discharged from Mrs. Etkin’s
service. Before leaving she prepared the
dinner on Friday evening The boiled
chicken, which formed part of the meal, burned
the mouths of Mr. an

tasted it. Dr. Judd found that there was

carbolic acid in the chicken and the Chunko
gir) was arrested. She denies that she tried
to poison anybody. The police think she
merely wished to spoil the dinner

 

TO SWim THE NARKOWS.

 

Twe Fort Hamtiton Girls to Try Conclusions
This Afternoon.

Miss May Behr, 15 years old, and Miss Flor-
ence West, 16 years old, of Ninety-seventh
street, Fort Hamilton, will compete with one
anotier{!) swimming across the Narrows this
afternoon. ‘| hev will start from Ninety-ninth
«treet, Fort Hamilton, and will land at Rose-
bank, Staten Isiand, They will be accompanied
bd. Capt. Charlies L. Huson and several mem-
bers of the Fort Hamillton Life Saving Crew

Mrs, Etkin when they

STRAW HATS STILL SAFE.

 

Wall Street Deemed Sept. 15 Scarcely Cold
Enough to Smash Them,

While yesterday was “Straw Hat Day” in
Wall Street the historfc system of making away
with straw headgear on Sept. 15 was not gen-
erolly observed, The brokers took the view
that it was sca cely wintry enough yet A few

ts were emashed, but some Stock Exchange
members wore straw hats on the floor without
1vo.estation right up to the close of business.

Arrival of Singers for the English Grand
Opera Company.

Phoebe Strakosch and Lioyd d'Aubigne, who
are to be members of the Metropolitan English
Grand Opera Company, arrived here on the
New York yesterday. Miss Strakosch, who
has never been heard in this country, is a niece
of Maurice Strakosch, who married Amaia
atti. she will be heard here on the opening
hightof the season, Oct. 1, a8 Marguerite in

rausi.”

Lio) d d'Aubigne is an American, and for-
loeriy sane a an amateur under his real name

hom «bk. Dab ey. lie became a member o
Au tin Daly's Company ten years aco, and
singing roles in Daly’ Shake pearean
ns Atth * suggestion of Sig. Manci-
nit, Mr. d@Anubign ‘cided to adopt the
Cp-rate stace je made his début in the
or «of 1s06at the Metropolitan Opera House

Jhomd in “Die Meistersinger."

100K 1

products

Mme. Mantelll to Marry.
the engagement is announced of Mme.
hugenin Mantelli, the well-known contrait,

and F rnando Ernesto De Ang-lis, The wed-
ding will take lace at St. Patrick's Cathedral
in this olty next week.

 
 

- eer a

 

NOTES OF LEGAL EVENYS.

The eurly election tn Vermont has called at-
tention to some peculiar features in the political
system of that State, including the eurvival
of the so-called aide Judges in the Vermont
judiciary, Two of these officers are elected
in each county, to sit with « Justice of the Bu-
preme Court when holding a term of that tri-
bunal within their bailiwick, Usually they are
laymen and as matter of fact take no part in
the business of the court, although legally
their powers are the sume as those of the Su-
prem* *“urt Justice, “It is a tradition in one
of the counties,” says the Providence Journal,
“that a side Judge once declared that the only
time he was ever consulted by the actual Judge
was one day after a long trial, when the Court
turned and asked him if sitting still so long
did not make his anatomy ache.” Prior to
1882 there were aide Justices in the Courts of
Oyer and Terminer in all the counties of this
State other than the county of New York.
They were elected froin among the Justices of
the Peace in the county, In 1882 the Lecis-
lature amended the law so as to provide that the
Court of Oyer and Terminer should be held
by a Justice of the Supreme Court without
any associate, This was on account of the dis-
satisfaction occasioned by theaction of the
side Judges in overruling the Supreme Court
Justice {n several cuses which had excited
general public interest,

In the celenrated case of the People against
Bork, the city treusurer of Bulfxlo wae con-
vioted of peoulation and embezzlement, upon
& trial in 1881 before a Court of Oyer and Termi-
ner in Erie county, held by Judge Charles
Daniels of the Supreme Court and two Justices
of the Seasions, as the side Judges were called,
In consequence of various proceedings to
review the conviction, the defendant was not
brought up for sentence until May, 1883, when
judgment against him was pronounced by a
court consisting of the same three persons be-
fore whom he had been tried. Meantime,
however, the amendment had been pussed
declaring that a Court of Oyer and Terminer
should be held by a Supreme Court Justice
Alone, The sentence was attacked on the ground
that the side Judges had no longer anv right
to participate in imposing it. The objection
was overruled #4 General Term, Judge Barker
dissenting, but was sustained in the Court
of Appeals, and the case was sent back to the
Court of Oyer and Terminer in order that the
prisoner might be lawfully «entenced by a tri-
bunal in which there sliould be no side Judges,

A physician employed by the Board of Health
of New Bedford as a public vaccinator has re-
cently been subjected to an annoying criminal
prosecution for vaccinating a child five mon: he
old. The charge was assault and battery.
It appeared that the defendant, while engaged
in the work of vaccinating ina tenement district,
visited the home of a Mrs. Braley and ascer-
tained that her six-year-old boy had not been
vaccinated. He thereupon vaccinated the
lad without any objection on the part of the
mother, who, however, remarked to him at the
time: “You wont have to vaccinate my baby,
you?" The doctor answered that he
thought he would, and in response to further
objections by the mother told her that she
would have to settle them withthe Board of

Health. He then proceeded to vaccinate
the baby. It was proved without contradic
tion that the mother, notwithstanding her

remonstrances, bared the infant's arm
the operation: and the court acquitted the
defendant on this ground, holding that it was
convincing evidence that the complainant,
although undoubtedly reluctant, had finally
consented that the child should be vaccinated.

A medical controversy, growing out of the
willingness of certain doctors to treat
members of fraternal and benevolent societies
at reduced rates, is about to be carried into the
courts of Massachusetts at Springfield. The
Hampden County Medical Association has ex-
pressed its disapproval of this practice, insist-
ing that no special arrangements for charging
leas than the ordinary fees should be made
with these organizations. but the societies
seem to have found no difficulty in securing the
services of other physicians who agreed to
treat their members for a stipulated sum per
annum hus far, there was no room for liti-
gation. It appears, however, that a patient
who was sent by one of these so-called con-
tract physiclanatothe erey HospitalinSpring-
fleld was refused admission to that institution
unless the doctor in attendance withdrew from
the case, which be finally consented to do for
the sake of th» patient, who required treat-
ment which could be afforded only ata ospital
A suit will now be brought to ascertain whether
the hospital! staff could lawfully take this action
under ita charter, which provides that all pa-
tients sh'll be treated there who are brought
to the institution by reputable physicians.

he criminal statistics of the Dominion of
Canada for the year ending Se t. 90, 1899. show
that twenty-five persons were charged with
murder during the period covered by the report.
These cases resulted as follows: Eleven con-
victions, all followed by the Inflloticn of the
death penalty, nine acquittals, three prisoners
detained as insane and two cases in which the
prosecutions are still pending. The proportion
of murder cases in the United States is so much
larger as to justify the Canadian newspapers
in congratulating themselves on the com: ara-
tive freedom of their countr’ from crimes of
violence. The ( ttawa Journal attributes the
difference largely to the lax laws and the lax ad-
ministration of the law in the United States.
“In Canada,” we are told, “there are practically
no delays. There is no appeal to a second
court. No stop is possible excert wv the action
of the Minister of Justice, which is rare and to
which the majority of Canadians strenuously
object under any circumstances. Of twenty-
five accused murderers in Canada last year,
eleven were hanged. or nearly one in two.
Of the 7,840 accused murderera in the United
States in partly the corresponding year, 100
were executed or one in seventy-one.” No
argument is needed to convince us that there
ought not to be any such disparity as this. We
cannot agree, however, that defendants in
murder cases should be denied the privilege
of appeal, although it is true that in many
States the practice on such appeals is too dlia-
tory as

The decision of Mr. Justice Gorell Barnes, to
which we referred at the time when it was
rendered, forbidding the divorced Countess
Cowley from continuing to use that title, has
been reversed by the English Court of Appeal,
in the branch held by the Master of the Rolls
and Lords Justices Rigby and Collins, The
appellate tribunal concedes that the lady, who
has married aga.n since she procured her
divorcee from the Earl, has no legal right to
the designation of Countess Cowley; but it
does not follow from this concession that the
Earl sustains any damage in the eye of the law,
by reason of her assumption of the title. There
is no evidence that her action is prompted by
malice, and at most it amounts merely to the
assertion, which is true fn fact, that she was
at one time the wife of Earl Cowley. Lord
Justice Collins even goes so far as to say that
under the law of England a person could not
complain, if a woman who was not his wife
claimed to be his wife, or enjoin her from so
doing, unless she did it maliciously. Leave
is granted to Earl Cowley to appeal to the
House of Lords.

A curious asset was recently brought to the
attention of the assistant official receiver
{n the English Bankruptcy Court in London
The bankrupt was Richard Heathfield who
had been a mining engineer at Johannesburg
and Buluwayo inSouth Africa and an iron mer-
chant in England. His debts were upward of
48.000, and his chief asset was stated to bea
libel suit in which he claimed damages in the
sum of £80,000. His counsel succeeded in
securing delay in the bankruptcy proceedings
on the ground that the debtor might be able

hrough the prosecution of this demand to
are than enough to pay all his debts.

 

 

Board as at Home
fs diMoul: to findina lirge city. Such places
h, are to iound advertised in Tug Sun
eae “Select in Ade.

\

REAL WARFARE SOON OVER.
RRUGER'S PLIGHT A GREAT AID TO
THE BRITIAN.

His Capture Would Have Been Embarrassing
—Gen, French Captures Large Stores of
Boer Supplies at Barberton—Enemy Sur-
prised — Polé-Carew Purssiong Steyn.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Lonvon, Sept. 16.—The position of affairs
in South Africa at present undoubtedly tndi-
cates an approaching end of anything like

 

‘ real warfare. Gen. Lord Roberta's despatches

  

and Tue SuNn’s recent Pretoria advices show

that the Boer army is at present thoroughly | was selling liquor.

|

period. Lord Roberts's announcement that | cousin with

disintegrated, and that the Boer losses re-
cently have been heavier than in any previous

he holds not less than 15,000 of them as pris-
oners—a fact which was not realized here--
fs sufficient to account for the disheartened
feeling which is reported to prevail in their
ranks. Doubtless a few trreconcilables, such
as De Wet, will hold out to the bitter end, but
with the diminution of horses, supplies, ammu-
nition and men, not even such commanders
as he will be able to remain long effective.

President Krager himself has played the
British game by fleeing from the Transvaal.
He had often declared that he would never
abandon his country and his countrymen, and
beyond a question his departure will have a
greatly dispiriting effect when it ie generally
known, It may be argued that the protection
of the aged President was a serious handicap
to Gen. Botha, but President Steyn, who is ap-
parently a complete invalid, remains, while
Botha himself is far from well.

There can be no doubt that Kriger’s last step
has greatly helped the British. Free and in the
Transvaal, he would be a governmental centre
for exerting a powerful influence over all
burghers. Captured, he would have been a@
source of the greatest embarrasement to his
captors. Rut now, under the protection of the
Portuguese Government at Lorenzo Marques,
it ia felt that he is off the stage, powerless both
for hia friends and against hia foes.

The War Office has received the following
from Lord Roberts, dated at Machadodorp,
Sept. 14

“French occupied Barberton yesterday with
the cavalry, which crossed the mountain with
slight opposition. The enemy was completely
surprised

“French released twenty-three officers and
590 British prisoners and captured 100 Boers,
forty-three locomotives, some rolling stock,
supplies for three weeks for the men and one
week for the horses, a quantity of ammunition,
fifty wagons, and large quantities of cattle
and sheep from the surrounding country.

“The last-named supply is a great blessing
to the troops. French alao intercepted large
convoys, which shows that Barberton was
used as a depot of supplies by the Boers in the
southeast,

“The bulk of French's force is thirty-five
miles behind. They have been detained by
the great difficulty of getting wagons over the
pass leading into the valley in which Barberton
is situated,”

A despatch from Kuapschehoop, of yester-
day's date, says that place has been occupied
by Gen. Pole-Carew. President Steyn, with
all the Boer artillery, ten guns, retired to
Hectorspruit.

The War Office announces that detachments
of officers and men from each of the colonial
corps now in South Africa will soon be sent
home by way of England, Where they will be re-
viewed, will receive commemorative medals
and will be the guests of the nation. The first
contingent has started for home in the company
of British troops

 

BOERS APPEAL TO THE NATIONS.

Envoys Impiore the Powers to Intervene and
Establish Peace.

Charies D. Pierce of 186 Liberty street,
Consul-General of the Orange Free State, aud
trustee and treasurer of the Boer Relief Fund,
yesterday received a cable despatch from the
Boer Envoys, who are now in Amsterdam,
Holland. The despatch was headed “An Ap
peal to the Nations,” and was dated Amsterdam,
Holland, Sept, 15. It read as follows;

“The special Envoys of the South African
Republic and the Orange Fre State, Messrs.
Fischer, Wessels and Wolmarans, request
you to be good enough to publish the follow-
ing appeal to the nations:

“The war forced upon the South African
republics, the war the republics sought by
every means in their power, including the offer
of submission of differences to arbitration
to avert that war, still rages on. One procia-
mation follows another wherein all just rights
are ignored and every civilized usage of war
set at defiance. Through its Prime Minister,
Great Britain declared not to desire any ex-
tension of territory. Idie words, but to be
belied. The annexation of the South African
Republic also is now proclaimed.

“It will not and cannot serve to insure sub-
mission, just as little as it could months ago
in the Orange Free State. The mighty Great
Britain knows that by experience, and, indeed,
such is not its primary object. The proclama-
tion is issued to enable the war to be carried on
in deflance of humanity and of every principle
of international law ‘he British commanders
seek to be enabled to treat as rebels Re people
of the South African Republic, Mready so
bitterly tried, to whom hitherto they accorded
the rights of belligerents, to persecute them
mercilessly until the wearled warriors shal
fall down exhausted.. This is the aim of the
proclamation. By the help of God it will not be
attained. The burghers of the republics will

ersevere in the struggle as long as strength is
fort them. Have they not proved themselves
worthy to retain their freedom and their father-

land?

“Will the world suffer them to be crushed?
Principles already acknowledged to prevent
the shedding of blood and the atrocities of war
have not long ago been formally indorsed
by the Powers. Upto now those Powers have
not intervened. owever disappointing this

sliey may have been to us and.to our people,
t was, perhaps, explicable so long ae it was con-
templated in reference to regular warfare
but will no word ever go forth to reéstablish

ce, not even now that Great Britain, by its
heoretic annexation proclamations has vio-
lated every principle of International lew,
and seeks to open a way for iteelf for the exer
cise of violence, and, !f possible, for the come
ete extermination of a free and freedom-
loving people? Therefore, in the name of
justice and of humanity, we approach all na-
tions whose hearts beat for us, and appeal to
them to stand by us in what otherwise may be
our last hour to save our fatherland. We
wrust to God that our volce will not go forth tn
vain.”

WONT INTERFERE WITH KRUGER.

Portuguese Government's Orders—He Is to
Sall for Europe Next Week.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
Lorenzo Marques, Sept. 15.—The Portu-
guese district Governor has received instruc-

tions from the home government at Lisbon
not to throw any obstacles in the way of Presi-
dent Krfatger, who has decided to leave Portu-
guese territory next week and sat! for Europe.

 

 

CAPE DUTCH DISHEARTENFD.

 

Give Up Hope of the Burghers Being Able te
Hold Out Much Longer.
Special Cadle DespatcW to Tuk SUN.
Cape Town, Sept. 15.—The Cape Dutch and
others here who sympathize with the Boers
have apparently abandoned hope of the possi-

bility of the burghers holding out much longer,
They are now showing a disposition to assiat
the Imperia! authorities in settling the trouble

BOY KEPT ON THE FIRE ESCAPE.

 

His Life Insured for 890—Mother Arrested for
Patting Him in Danger.

Isabel C. Cipresso of 154 Leonard street was
arrested yesterday on the charge of endanger-
ing the life and limb of her seven-year-old son,
Michael. Merchantain the vicinity of the house
had complained to the Gerry society that the
child was kept out on the fire escape night and
day through all kinds of weather. Magistrate
Cornell, in the Centre Street police court he!
the woman in $300 bail for trial and committ
the child to the custody of the Gerry society.
Agent Pisarra said in court that the child's life
was insured for about $90 in the Prudential Life
Insurance Company

 

Well-Bullt Dwelling Houses,

in the oy or out of town, are always in -de-
nand, SUN readers especially require the
t. To them use the real estate ool-

" * ey ee k
pA Nae ry ‘ air ~ .
: , ae "9

 

Neen

 

TUSCARORA RESERVATION T
Trial of Tilden Pemberton, a Full-Bleoded
Indian, for the Murder of His Cousin.

Cananparava, N, Y., Bept.. 16.—The case of
Tilden Pemberton, the full-blooded Tuscar-

ora Indian charged with murder, is in progress | Beared Its Head and 8

in this place. The trial is in the Federal court.
Pemberton killed his cousin, Daniel Pemberton,
nearly killed Miss Dorothy Warren, a young
woman living in Byracuse, and put out his
father's eye before the officers rounded him
up. The crime was committed on the Tus-
corara reservation in Niagara county, and the
trouble grew out of the sale of liquor, There
was a dispute between the Indians as to which
Tilden ordered his cousin
from the store and the cousin refused to go,
This enraged him, and Tilden attacked his
6 pocketinife. stabbing him thirty~-

five times. he witnesses of the prosecution
who were first called were Indians and they
were unwilling to give their testimony, The
best answer that could be obtained to most
queries was a grunt and aghake of the head.
Miss Warren was called to the stand. Shs
is quite a handsome woman and has sufferea
terribly from her experience with the Indians.
The defence made an objection to her testi-
mony at the start, saying that her name had not
been furnished to the as one of the prosecu-
tion's witr , and y were surprised at
having her called to the stand. Judge Hazel
overruled the objection and she was sworn
She said she had lived on the Tuscorara reser-

vation for nine months previous to the tragedy, |

being employed in the store. On the day Til-
en Pemberton went on the warpath she was
<n a room of the store busy with her work, when
she heard a commotion. Pemberton came
rushing in where she was and attacked her
flerely. He seized her by the hair, dragged her
about the floor and stabbed her in the left |
Lying in this room and_ covered wit
blood from her wounds, Miss Warren listened
to what was going on in the store. She de-
scribed a quarrel between Daniel and Tilden
at the store about a debt Daniel owed Tliden,
and the latter charged Daniel with being re-
sponsible for the trouble caused Tilden for
calling liquor on the reservation. This was
denied by Daniel and he was ordered from the
room by Tilden, but did not go at once. He
returned later in the afternoon while witness
was still in the store. She heard Tilden and
Daniel again quarrelling in the peesoes ad-
Joining the store, and through the open door
she heard the sound of blows and the fall of a
body. She said she was afraid to go t» the
room to see what had occurred there. When
she tried to escape to a neighbor's house, Tilden
struck her down and then took her to his house,
where he beat and kicked her. Tilden remon-
strated with her for trying to run away, and
penreming a knife said he was going to finish
er.

Miss Warren was still on the stand when court
adjourned for the day. The testimony of the
defence will urge the intoxication of defend-
ant as the cause of murder. The trial will con-
sume a week or more.

ROBERT WILSON'S WILL.

 

It Left His Urother Jobn's Share tn Trust and
John Is Fighting It.

John Wileon has begun an action In the Su-
preme Court in Brooklyn against William F.
Magie and Charlotte Wilson, as executors of
the estate of the late Robert Wileon to have the
latter's wil! adjudged void and invalid. The
plaintiff contested the probate of the will, but
Surrogate Abbott, after hearing all the testi-
mony, admitted it.

Robert Wilson died July 1, 1808, leaving two
sisters and a brother. By his will he left one-

hird of hie estate to each, but the share for
ohn Wilaon waa left tn trus'. The plaintiff
alleges that the exqoution of th» will was prv-
cured by fraud and tndue infl enceg During
the trial before Surrogate Abbott, festimon

was given to show that the two brothers and
two sisters, who lived on Greene avenue near
Bedford avenue, had entered into an agree-
ment to make a general fund of their money,
and Robert was the custedian, The family of
four, it was alleged, lived on $4 a week and by
practising economy amassed quite a fortune

It was contended that the reason Robert
Wilson left his brother's share in trust was be-
cause the latter had contracted the drinking
habit and it wae believed that his share would be
better cared for by the executors than if he had
full charge of it.

Testimony was given to show that John Wil-
son was in the habit of drinking all the liquor
that was taken Into the house for medicinal
surposes. John Wilson at that time declared
hat the will had been procured by fraud and
undue influence, but Surrogate Abbott, after
a careful consideration of the testimony, de-
cided that the will had been properly executed,
and that the testator was mentally sound at
the lime he signed the docurnent.

BLIND FIRE IN A WAREHOUSE.

Five Alarms Sent In, $150,000 Damage Done
~Firemen Worked Three Hours.

A fifth-alarm fire in Streeve Van Riper's

four-story coffee warehouse at 46 and 48 Water |
street gave the fremen three hours’ hard work |

early yesterday morning. The fire was dis-
covered by the men of Engine Company 4, who
were returning along Water street from another
fire. It was what ls known to firemen as a
“blind” fire. There was little blaze to reveal
the heart of the fire, but huge billows of dense

smoke rolled out of the windows and spread in |

a flat cloud all over the lower part of the city
The difficulty of fighting the fire was heightened
by the fact that the windows of the building
were all closed by steel shutters and also by
the fact that the two lower floors of No 46
were occupied by the chemical and dye-stulf
factories of C, Rowell and Otto Struebell The
smoke from the burning dye-stuff was suffovat-
ing and Chief ( roker, who took command when
the third alarm was sent in, did not dare let
hia men @o into the building for fear of explo-
sions,

The fireboat New Yorker, two water towers
and the new searchlight engine were of great
eervice during the fire. On account of the
emoke the firemen were obliged to work tn short
shifts, The fire was declared outat 6:30 o'clock
in the morning after {t had been burning for
three hours he loss, aa estimated by the
firemen, was $160,000.

WOMEN ACCUSED OF THEFT.
Devine Charges His Two Companions With
Stealing His $500 Diamond Stud.

Minnie Nevin, 21 years old, of 476 West Thirty-
fifth street, and Kate Collins, 24 years old, of 11
Roosevelt street, Manhattan, were before Mag
{strate Voorhees in the Coney Island police
court yesterday, charged with stealing a five
hundred dollar diamond stud from Timothy H.
Devine, who rave he is a merchant tn Lowell,
Masse. Devine says he put up at the Hotel Nor-
mandile in Manhattan and on Friday night went
to Coney Isiand to se the sights. He went into

Raines law resort kept by a man named

{cD onald where he met the two women. He
and the women afterward wentintoa side room
where several (rinks were served

The room suddenly became dark, he says, and
when it was again lighted Loth his companions
were missin So was his diamond stud, He
reported his loss to to the po.ice and at mid-
ni bt Detective Taylor arrested the two worn.en,
The diamond was not recovered, In court the
prisoner. de vied having etoen the stud and
were held for further examination on Tuesday.

 

 

SLEPT IN A CEMETERY.
Mrs. Croin, 70 Years Old, of Jersey City, Was
Found on Her Son's Grave.

Mrs. Annie Croin, 70 years old, of 229 Griffith
street, Jersey City, wandered away from home
on Thursday afternoon. Her relatives think her
mind has been affeo'ed by the death of her son

and two grandojildren, She was found yester-
day morning asleep on her son's grave in Wawa
Hill Ceme ery, in West New York. Shed cor-
atei the children’s graves with flowers and
laced a larae American flag on the grave of
erson, Sresaid she had been overtaken by
darkness in the cemetery and was unable to
find her way out Her cauaghter wae notified
and Mrs. Croin was taken home,

CHINAMAN AS CORRESPONDENT,

 

 

Wilitam J. Lowry of Brooklyn Begins a Suit
for Absolute Divorce,

William J. Lowry has begun an action in the
Supreme Cour! in Breoklyn for an absolute
divorce from Georgi@a Lowry. He names Sing
Lee, a Chinese laundryman of 111 Putnam

venue . ee co-respondynt, Supreme Court

ustioe Chase yestercay approv toe framing
of ig-ues fora trial beforea jury. The Uefend-
ant denies her husband's allegations. She ts a
te cher in one of the Chinese Sunday so!.o: 1s in
Brook] np. She says that a» such she came in
contact with various Chin men, and v sited
Bing Lee the ame as she v.sited other members
of her class.

To Dedicate New M, FE, Church.

The new Methodist Episcopal Chureh in
Gravesend, to which former Secretary of the
Navy William C. Whitney was a contributor,
will be dedicaied to-day. The morning services
Will be conducted by the pastor, the Rev. Row-
land Hil), and the Rev. Artiur W. Burt ana in
the a'ternoo, b~ the Rev. Peter W. Van Buse
kirk and the Rev. O. F. Bartholow. In_ the

enjng @ on will be delivered 4
yr, datnes 8, Chad wink By he dev

a

 

SOLDIERS SAY IT HAD WEBBED
FEET AND RED HAIR.

irted a Column of
Water High tn Afr—Chortled and Gargied
About the New He! >pshire and Cook Nearly
Died of Fright—Missing Torpedo Found.
WHITESTONE LANDING, Sept. 15.—-It appeared
off Throg’s Neck afew minutes after the boom
of the sunset gun at Fort Schuyler. Privates
Jerome and Higginson, doing senwy duty
along the shore, were the first to be conscious
of ite presence. It stuck its head out of a shore-
ward rolling swell and coughed. Both men
looked and went pale to the gills. A dash of
spray, a churning of water, and the thing turned
on its back and kicked up six webbed feet,
all the while squirting a column of water high
in the alr from a mouth armed with ragged
teeth. On ite head was a mass of crumpled
red hair. Jerome and Higginson,

   
  

the barracks, swore to their comrades that it
was forty feet long, had a head as big as a hippo-
potamus and was possessed of many score of
feet. Two dogen artillerymen rushed to the
shore, but it was gone.

On the deck of the New York Naval Reserve
driliship New Hampehire, anchored off Fort
Schuyler, old Aaron, the African cook, was
seated smoking and gaging across the waters
A sinuous streak of eddies and bubbles making
swiftly for the stern of the one-time 72-gun
frigate attracted his attention. Up shot its
head and chortling and gurgling it lashed the
water into flying spray. The cook made
flying leap for the companionway, deacendec
the ladder and burst into the galley with bulging
eyes and hair unkinked .

“Oh, Lawd! oh, Lawd!'" he yelled, “ah cet'’n’y
hah seen de debble dia time,shuah,” and he dived
Into his bunk quaking and shuddering.

A few seconds later Hughey, the armorer,
dropped into the galley from nowhere in per;
ticular. The chattering of his teeth resembled
the hoof-beata of a galloping horse on a stony
road and his knees were knocking together

*“Give—me a—drink—and—load—all the--euns
an-d~- bring — therm — up —on deck — qui-ck —
There's —a— dozen — devil—fishes—surroundin’
~ther—ship,” he chattered .

A few minutes later that part of the New
Hampshire's deck which ts not covered over
was practically cleared for action, A dozen
men armed with rifles and revolvers were dis-
tributed at various points of vantage on the
deck watching the surface of the water about
the big hulk with a fearful vigilance

Shortly after dark two officers of engineers
attached (6 the Willets Point post drove up
to Capt. Rellly’s wharf and asked if anything
had been seen of a stray _tornedo. The of-
cers said that they had been experimenting
with the tornedo in the afternoon, that it had
fot away from them and gone off on its own

ook, They anid tat it was a lone distance
torpedo equipped with a motor that would
drive it several! miles) The weapon of de-
struction was eighteen feet long and worth
several thousand dollars. The torpedo was
found later in the evening on the sand at
Whitestone Point where it was left by the out-
going tide

 

NEWPORT'S FOX HUNT.

 

Farmers Entertained at Sonthwick'’s Grove
Previous to the Chase,

Newport, R I, Sept. 15—There was a fox
hunt this afternoon behind the Monmouth
county hounds, the meet being at Southwick's
Grove, a pretty spot in Middletown. Previous
to the hunt the farmers and their families met
Mr. P. F. Collier, the master of the hounds,
at the grove and were entertained at a regular
country dance and clambake Mr Collier was
assisted in the entertainment of the farmers
by Mrs. Adolf Ladenburg and F. Gray Gris-
wald, and at 6 o'clock the chase was started
Not only was there a score of carriages with
society people to follow by the crowd, but the
farmers took up the apirit of the bunt and fol-
lowed in all kinds of vehicles. There were
six people besides Mr. Collier and the whips
to take part in the hunt, being Mrs Ladenbure,
Miss Greta Pomeroy, Alfred Vanderbilt, Phill
Clark, Scott Cameron and F. Gray Griswal
The hunt was laid out across the east side of the
{sland and some of the jumps were very h rd
Mr. Collier was mounted on a new hunter,
an imported animal He said it made seme
wonderful jumps._ The honors were equally
divided between Mrs. Ladenburg and Miss
Pomeroy while Mr. Vanderbilt brought up the
rear, but it {s said that he rode well f

At a meeting of the goyernors of the New-
port Casino to-day the following officers were
elected: President, George Peabody  Wet-
more Vice-President, Samuel F. Barger; Secre-
tary, George L. Rives; Treasurer, George R.
Fearing: Executive Committee, FP. L. Win-
throp, Thomas F. Cushing, John Clinton Gray.
Mr. W. Watts Sherman was reelected Treas-
urer pro tem., pending the absence of Col.
Fearing, who is abroad.

There has been no President of the Casino
since the death of Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt,
over @ year ago.

PASSING OF AN OLD HOUSE.

The Blackwell Homestead in Long Island City
to Be Torn Down.

Jacob Blackwell's homestead on the Fast
River at the foot of Webster avenue, Long Is-
land City, isto be torn downto make way fora
modern structure. The house is of the Colonial
style of architecture and was built about the
year 1664. Jacob Blackwell, the original owner,

came to Long Island from Elizabethtown, N. J.
He married the step-daughter of Capt. Manning,
owner of Blackwell's Island, which was then
known as Manning's Island. Jacob Blackwell
gave his family name to the island some time
after his marriage.
the English Army during the French andIn [an
wars, but fought against England inthe War
for Independence. When the British troops
took possession of what was thé old town of New-
town Blackwell and other pafriots had to flee.

Le Boutilfier Brothers

naceov. "THISSEA SERPENT COUGHED |

who had |
_ thrown their guns on the beach and fled to / 3

Blackwell was a Colonel in |

The Blackwell house became the place of resi- |

dence of British officers. Tt was confiscated in
the name of the King of England and the broad
arrow of confiscation was burned in the doors
These doors were removed a4 year or 80 ago and
it is stated are now the property of the Long
Island Historical Society.

Gen. George Washington is supposed to have
stopped at the old house during his retreat to
West ( hester after the battle of Long Island
The house has been known for years aa the Wash-
ington house. It is said that while stopping in
this old house Cooper wrote the “Water Witch.”

HEBREW ACTORS LET IN.

Local Talent at the Windsor Theatre Talking
of a Strike,

The twenty-one Hebrew actors and actresses
whom the Hebrew Actors’ Proteotive Associa-
tion tried to keep from entering this ooun ry
on the ground that they were con'ract laborers
were admitted by the tmmigration off iis
veaterday. lhey arrived on Fritay on the
Foret Blamarck. The authorities rul d tat
they were artists and did not come under the
contract labor law Munager Jawelier also
gave a gunrantee that they would not become a
public charge. He told the Barge Office
auth rities that while no contract Lad been
signed there was @ verbal undersianding that
the members of the rart woul! appear at the
Windsor Theatre, the manager of which had

id their passsg* over, They have been vlay-
ne in Germany and Austria F

Secretary Manne of th» Actors’ Union said
yesterday that (he matter will be bro ight before
the Centre| Federated Union to-day and that
the Theatrical Protective Union may be asked
to call out the stage hands at the Windsor in
case the Hebrew actors decide tostrike.

TIN PLATE WORKERS WONT STRIKE,

Batthe Conference as to Wages Ends With
No Agreement Reached,

The conferences that have been going on in
this city between the officers of the American
Tin Plate Company and representatives of the
Tin Plate Workers’ International Protective
Association over the wage question ended

esterday without a final agreement having
een reached. There will be no strike, how-
ever, of the 5,000 men in the International As.
sociation, who form a class distinct of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel and

Tin Workers, which has already reached an
agreement with the company
President Powell of tue international Asso-

clation said after the meeting that the failure
to agree did not mean _& comnlete severance
of the negotiations. “There is no doubt in
mv mind,” said he, “that there will he another
conference.”

 

Charles Craig, the Actor, Very Mm.

Charlies Craig the actor, le seriou'ly illin the
Post Graduaie Hos; ital, to which he was tasen
two weeks ago after a stroke of paralysis Mr.
Craig, who ie a \arce man of great physical
strength, was etricken two weeks ago while sit-
ting in front of ‘is boarding house in Long
Acre Square, He acted cast here in “Cumber-
land, '61"’ atthe Four eenth Street Theatr , but
wos estknown ‘o New Yorkers through his
appear. nce here with dames A. Herne in
‘Snore Acres’ He play d Nedand after Mr
Herne had retir d from the oompany was seen
in the leading role. He isto act in “Sag Har-
bor’ in case he recovers his healih. His con-
dition is at present precarious. His wife is
actress,

  

Nene ee eee deere

   

 
  

 

West Twenty-third Street,

HOUSEKEEPING LINENS

AT LARGE REDUCTIONS.

TABLE CLOTHS:—(Grass Bleached.)

2 yds. long, 2 yds. wide,

22 oe “ 7 “
3 ed “ 2 e se
‘e ee L “
“ “ “oe “

4 2

BREAKFAST AND DINNER NAPKINS:-

5g by 59 - - - = $4.25

RPM ee

$1.35 1.95 2.95

4.50 eac

2.00 2.75 3.75 5.50 “
2.50 3.25 5.00 6.50 “”
2.95 3.50 5.75 7.50 *

3.95 5.50 6.75

-(Grass Bleached.)

8.50

1.95 2.50 3.50 5.00 dosen
1.75 2.75 3.50 5.00 6.50

oe

HAND-LOOM TABLE CLOTHS (made from Golden Flax):

2 yds. Ly 2 yds.,
$2.25

2% yds. by 2 yds.,
2.75

3 yds. by 2 yds.,
3.50

BEDROOM TOWELS: $1.20 1.80 2.40 3.00 3.75 6.00 dosen

A lot of extra-fine Double Damash Table Cloths, withoat Napkins, 2 and
2% yards wide and 2 to 6 yards long, slightly soiled, at HALF PRICE,

LINEN SHEETS: single beds,
double beds,

LINEN PILLOW CASES: $1.00

$3.75 4.50 5.50 6.50 each

a

4.50 5.50 6.75 8.50
1.25 1.50 1.75 2.00 each

Hemstttched and embroidered Bedspreads, Sheets, Pillow Cases, Shams,
Scarfs, Lanch Cloth Trays, Doilles, etc., at PRICES GREATLY REDUCED

 

Le Boutillier Brothers

 

cd Constable 2

Autumn Novelties. ~@

QO

Fancy Silks, Crépes,

V elvets,

Dress Goods, Cloths, Cassimeres.

Plain and Fancy Flannels.

Broadway

MOTOR TRAINS ON THE BRIDGE,

 

 

Commissioner Shea Gives Permission—To Be-
gin Running To-morrow Morning.

Bridge Commissioner John L. Shea has
granted the requ st of the Brooklyn Rayid
Transit Company for permission to operate the
motor trains over the Bridge. Heimposes two
conditions, namely, that the trains are to be
operated on the Bridge only between 10 A. M.
and4P.M.and 8 P.M. afid 5 A.M., and that
experienced men who are now employed on the
Bridge tains will bave ciarge of the motors
while cros-ing that thoroughfare. ‘lhe trains
will begin ruuning over the bridge at 10 o'clook
to-morrow morning .

The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company, begin-
ning next Thureday, will run elevated trains
from the Brow: Iyp end of the bri.ge to Bath
Bech every half hour from 7 A. M. until mid-
night. The trains will be operated cover the
Fitth avenue elevated to Thirty-sixth street
and thence alovg the old West knd roue
Stations will be fitted up at We-t Brooklyn,
Bor: ugh Park, Blythebourne, Van Pelt Manor
and Bath Beach Persons desir ne to go to
Bensonhurst. Ulmer Park and Coney Island
will be transferred to trolley carat Bath Beach
The running of the motor carsto Manhattan
Beach will be discontinued to-morrow. They
will continue to run to Brighton Beach

 

pD1iIBYD.

CHITTENDEN,~At lHerkeley, Cal, on Monday,
Sept 10, 1900, of tuberculosis, Henry A. Chitten-
den, journalist. born 1446

“T shall be satished. when I awake, with Thy like-
neas. '~—Psalms, xvil., 15.

CUNNINGHAM,—Phabe C., widow of Willlam J
Cunntngham, tn her 82d year

Relatives and friends and the Board of Managers
of the M. E. Church Home are fuvited to attend
the funeral services at the residence of ber
daughter, Mra, Willlam J. Turner, 223 West
112th st, on Sunday, Sept 16, 1009, ata P.M.
Interment at convenience of the family.

DENNIS.—On Friday, Sept 14, 1900, Frederick Au
gusius Dennis,

Funeral services at late residence, 371 West 116th
st., Sunday, Sept. 16, 1900, at 2 o'clock. In
termentat Syracuse Syracuse, CAicagoand St
Louls papers please copy.

DOHRMAN.—At Ridgewood, N. J., on

 

Saturday,

Sept. 15, 1000, Augustus Frederick Dohrman, in |

the 57th year of bis age
Funeral from his late residedee on the arrival of the
10:30 train from Chambers st., New York.

MILLER,.—Ai Long Beach, L. L, on Friday, Sept
14, 1900, suddenly Jobn Bleecker, Jr, son of
John Bieecker and Berthenta Miller.

Baltimore papers please copy.

MILHAU.—At Southampton, L. L, on Saturday
morning, Sept 15, 1900, Mary J, (née Manning),
wife of Edward L. Milbau.

Notice of funeral hereafier.
copy.

REED.~—At her residence, in Sterling, Mass, on
Sunday, Sept 9,1900, Miss Neille M. Reed, be-
loved sister of Jobn Quincy Reed of New York.

SCHIEFFELIN,—On Thursday, Sept. 18, 1000,
Samuel Bradhurst Schieffelin, in his ooth year,

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services at his late residenee, 954 Madison
av., Monday, Sept 17, 10/0, at 10:30 A M,

UNDERWOOD.—At Cranford, N J., on Friday,
Sept 14,1000, aftera llogeting illness, William
W. Underwood, aged 45.

Funeral services a\ his late residence, 22 Arlington
road, Cranford, N. J., Monday, Sept 17, 1900, at

Paris papers please

&P.M. Carriages will meet 7 P.M. train from
foot of Liberty at.,N Y
WEEKS.—At New Rochelle, N. Y., on Friday. Sept.

14, 1900, Antoinette Mataran, beloved wife of
Bartow S. Weeks,

Funeral services on Monday, Sept. 17, 1900, at 10
A. M., at Church of St Vincent de Paul, 234 st,
between 6th and 7th ars, New York city

HE KENSICO CEMRPTERY.—Private station
Hariem Railroad 4) minutes’ ride from the
Grand Central Depot. Office. is Fast 42d at

 

Special Jotice..

SCIENTIFIC TREATISE on restoring health by

en growing new bodies mailed free. ADIPUGEN CO

West 104th st.

|

    

19th Street.

 

Horner’s

‘Furniture.
A Stock Which Excels

| in variety of choice, whether wanted

for the Drawing-room, Parlor, Din.

le ‘

ing- room, Bedroom or Library, and

| whether suites or single pieces re-
quired,

All the syles of the Louls XVI, Chippen-
dale and Sheraton periods, with the very
latest designs produced this season by the
best manutacturers at home and abroad,
All the newest coverings, including the
ART NOUVEAU, shown for the first
time gt the Paris Exhibition.

The satisfaction in selecting from 80
complete a stock {s still further enhanced
by securing the best possible value at every
price.

R. J. HORNER & CO.,

Furniture Makers and Importers,
61, 63, G5 West 24d Street,

(Adjoining Eden Masee).

 

 

A Place for Chief Clerk Jenkins,
Frederick L. Jenkins, who for twenty-seven

| Years was chief clerk to the Superintendent of
Police in Brooklyn and who «ince consolidation

h dbeen associated with the late Wiltam J,
McKe'!vey in a secret service company, has
been appointed head of the security depari~
ment of the National Bonk of Commerce in
Manhattan, of which Joseph C. Hendrix is
President. While Mr. Hendrix was a reporter
at Police Headq ‘artersin Brooklyn he formed a
warm frier d-bip ‘or Mr. Jenkins. The po itio:
is one of trustande nfidenve Mr. Jenkins will
begin his new duties next week.

Correlius MeCarthy, the master-at-arma of
Lucania, which arrived here
yesterday, ded suddenly on Wednesday. He
was 06 years old, and had been in the employ
of the Cunard Line forty years. He was buried
at sea.

| Lucania’s Master at-Arms Buried at Sea,
} the steamship

 

Rew Publications, —

KNOWLEDGE 18 SUCCESS.

THE GEROME SYSTEM

THE FOLLOWING JUST ISSUED,

Characters in Relation to Subjects,

(SHORT SERIES, THE LITERARY ABT.)

You have the courage and ambition to write, but
need 4 little suggest nfrom an experienced writer
A professtonal bint, the art of the iiterary art trans-
ferred, wii help you; a deft turn by which a man be-
come great

 

1HE GEROME SYSTEM dors not con of
destructive criticism, but upbullding advice, e do
not aim to censure you for weak polnts but to plek

ou your good ones, from which you can workup At
the same time we tell you whit to avoid.

None desired who co not feel some tnetinet fer
writing, You supply imagination, we simply ex-

pound the art Course o! five instructions in guthor-
; ship $5 Send one of your manuse ipts not over
2.) ) words with money order or cheek for §5. Per-

sonal suggestion fom Mr. Geromeio ft your needs.
BKeeome profielentand you will Onda ieady market
Know edge ts success
| Opinions given on manuscripts and lists of seven
2

. PAUL

Literary Instructor, 2°45 roadway, Room 607,
New York City

BOOKS 2 Gaelic, trish, 1 gitsh and Scotch, Books

and flags Catalorcue free PRATT, 161 6tha

Places where to send, $
nk GEROME,

 

Religions Jlotices.

s mm =m anne
CONGREG \TION “BETH ISRAEL'~ Divine eer-

Views with song and sermons tn German and
English will ve heid during the coming hol days in
M Jestic Hall, 125 East 125th t. between Lesington
na. ark ave whichtioreof he fret most com
for able and best wentlited balls in Harlem, An ege }-
lent Cantor and an elo

juent llabb! wlll offletate
the supervi lon of the weil known Kee, C Warerhe

marofl. Seats to be secured at ve y reason wig Petco
a\ Majestic Hall daily, from¥A M. to 12 eud
from 6 P. M. t0 10 P.M. vie

wowree conto

"

5