i
d

.

 

oe

0 ig OL LA

le
ae

een ar eee ar as

    
    

BROOKLYNS CAPTURE BOTH:

WIN A DOUBLE-HEADER FROM 47.
LOUIS AND INCREASE THEIR LEAD.

 

New Yorks Help the Champions by Defeating
the Pittsbargs-- Philnde!phias Take «
Twelve-inning Hattie From the Cincinnatis
~Bostoas Easily Outplay the Chicagos.

After the Brooklyns had captured two games
from 8t.' Louis yesterday and the New Yorks
had greatly helped the Champions in their fight
for the pennant by defeating the crack Pitta-
bores, Manager Hanlonsald: “I {eel reasonably
sure now that the Brooklyns will land the cham-

plonship once more We have & lead of 44

points and our pitchers, especially Kiteon and

Kennedy, are rapidly recovering their grip

Donovan, who has been pitching great ball

for the Hartford team, reported to me to-day

and will get work at once. The Pittsbures
appear to have shot their bolt and will never
eatoh us from now on.” The New Yorks, by the
way, were loudly cheered by the orowd at Wash-
ington Park yesterday whan their victory over
the Pittsburg» was posted on the bulletin board
The New Yorks are playing desperate bal!
to get out of last place, but they have a hard
task before them, as the Western teams go
home this week, while the tail-endere will be
foroad to wind up the schedule with their three
strong opponents in the East The Philadel-
phias took a twelve-inning game from the Cin-
cinnatia yesterday and the Bostons lessened

Chicago’s chances for fourth place by defeat-

fog them with ease. The resulta:

Brooklyn, 5; 6 Louls, 4—Pirst game.

Brooklyn, 8; St Louls 6 Second game
New York, 2; Pittsburg, |

Philadelphia, 6; Cincinnati, 6
Boston, 71 Onleago, 3
THR BBOOAD

Per Pe

Awe WwW. Lace Clube Ww. L. Cent
rookiyn 71: 45 «612 Chicago 67 63 475
Webure 67 61 .665)\51. Louls 63 63 .457
Philadelphia 60 55 O22jCincinnatl 63 64.455
Hoswo... 84 59 48. INew York 80 67 .427

BROOKLYN, 5 LOU, & FIRST GAME

Though the weather was threatening about
£,000 ball cranks turned out to see the double-
header between the Brooklyn and St. Louls

teams at Washington Park yesterday The
first game was a model exhibition of ball playing,
except for two prolonged kicks by the visitors

aT

against rulings by Umpire Gaffney, which,
Capt MoGraw declared, robbed his team of
oertain victory. Both rulings were made i

the elghth inning. Gaffney called Donovan }
out for leaving second base hefore Wallace's
fly was Caught by Jones, and wass irrounded by

e Cardinals, who wrangied tntil they were

ed Donovan would have seored
moment later on Kelster'’s hit, which was
particularly aggravatin to McGraw

and hs men. In the last half with Kelley on
second and Daly on first and two out, the former
was caught off second base and was pinned |

 

 

down in such 4 manner that he could not reach
the bag without @ struggle. Gaffney decided
thet Kel was not out, whereupon McGraw
and his conpanions made another howl which
was received without a word or an attemp! to
enforce tue rules. Then Demontreville doubled
“ ’ Kelley and Daly scored the runs that
d {tue game. Inefdentally Gaffney ab-
' ‘fused to umpire after the first game,
6 ty it be was not required to work longer
j ithdrawal in the presence of
fi ~pectators who had paid to

bo two games umplred and played according
1 woue rules was further ploof that the
niacnates roust pass a rule this winter that
will compe! umpires to officiate in both games
when a doubles veader is played. Both Young
aud Kitson were in great form, the latter's
exhibliion being a source of encouragement
to the cranks who have been patiently walt-
ing for “Kit” to round to for nearly #ix weeks
Kiteon had hie nerve with him at critical stages,
of which there were several, and received
enerous applause when all three men in the
ast inning went out on fly balls to Jones
Pahlen complained of a lame arm 80 Demon-
treville went in to play shortstop, and he
played magnificent ball, too. Not only inthe fleld
did he make a showy record, but with his
{ttle at he cut a big figure
nig double fn the eighth, winning the game.
arrell, with three oorking singles, also cfs-
ulshe. himself, while the fiel ing of Jones,
Yaly, Kelley an) Cross was of a lightning or er
e Car {nals played brilliantly in the flel
too, McGraw led them fn batting with adouble |
and a three-bagger. A remarkable feature was |
the fact that only three flel ing assists were |
ace by the Western men ifteen of the |
Srookiyne went out on fly balls. Both teams |

made a run in the first inning. McGraw
openei with a three-bagger an! ran in or |
Burkett’s out. Jones bagan Brooklyn's half
with @ base on balls, stole second and
counted on Sheckara’s mighty drive to
right for three bases The Cham-
ons soored asain tn the second on two-
aggers by Pe Montrevilie and MeGuira The

Oardinals evened itup in the third,when Robin- |
gon waa hit by a pitched ball, took second on
Younga’s out and scored on MeGraw's double.
Brooklyn took the lead again in the fourth,
when Crosa’s single, DeMontreville’s out and |
a hit by Farrell ylelded another run. The |
goore remained 8 to 2 until the seventh, when
the visitors found Kitsen for a two-bagger,

two aingles and an out, which sent two runs
across the plate and put the &t. Louls men
ahead The eighth was eventful and decie-
{ve Donovan opened with a single
and stole second. AS Wallace = flied
to Jones, Donovan ran to third He was

called ont for leaving the base too soon, Gaffney
sald. Keister followed with a single and stole
recond. McGann got four balls and Robin
son hit hard to DeMontreville. The latter
fumbled the ball, but got it to the plate so fast
that Keister, who waa trving to score, was run
down for the third out. Phe Brookly ne won
fn the last half with two runs Sheckard
flied to Burkett, after which Kelley singled and
stole second aly had his hit knocked down
by Wallace, but Kelley ehowed head work in
not leaving second, for he would have been
easils caught at third. Cross struck out and
then Gaffney made hie ruling on Kelley as de-
@ribed above. DeMontreville laced a beauti-
ful two-hbase hit juat out of Donovan's reach
and both men came in
As soon as the last man had been setired,
Umpire Gaffney walked off the feld @ paid
no heed to 1e@ requests of both layers |
and the Brookl\n club officlals to
remain, but left {n a hurry The
teams then aelected Jennings of Brooklyn
and Donlin of &St Louis to do the
umpiring, each calling balls and strikes in
alternate innings The teams also agreed to
play but six innings, as it was growing dark
nd nobody wanted a controversy. Manager
Janlon put in Joe McGinnity, the “Iron Man,”
against Hughey for the ‘ond contest, This
time MoGinnity did not bexin to show his real
form. He was wild, hitting three batsmen,
nd was batted rather freely and also luckily
Brut when he struck out three men
n succession in the fifth inning the crowd
arose a8 one man and cheered the great pitcher
for several minutes. The Brooklyns won this
wame because they pounded the ball so hard
that run-making was easy Hughey, under
tire, made three wild pitches and kept his
oung catcher, Buelow, on a@ continual {ump
n vain efforts to throw base-runners out’) When
the fifth inning had been finished, Jennings |
ealled the game on account of darkness, the
visitors expressing a willingness to have him
do a0. It was light enough to play at least
two more innings but the result would probably
paxe been the same as the Champions were
iitting hard and hustiing to beat the band

 

     
   
  

 

 

 

 

The score.
BROOKLYN ST. LOUIS
RH. POAFE R.H. POA ER

Jones. of. 1061 MceGraw,3b1 2 2 00
Keeler, rf 0 1 0 0 0 Burkett. lf 0 2600
Sheckard, if 0 9 0 Heidrick, cof 0 1600
Kelley, 1% 1 111 0 © Donovan fo 1 0 0 0
Daly, 25 11 2 4 O Wallace ss 9 00 1 ¢
Cross, 4b 1 24 Keister, 2b 0 201% =°0
Demont, ss 1 2 4 6 1 McGann, Ibi | $ 1 0
Farrell, ¢ ’ 8 2 2 O Robinson. ce! 0700
Kitson, p 0 0 0 2 0 Young, p 22 a.

Totals 6102718 1 Totals 419024830
Hrooklyn .... ose 110190002 —§
SQ Louis... 6 cee eeee 1013106060 8 0 On4

Two base hits--Keeler, Demont, (2) Farrell
McGraw, McGann. ‘Three base  bits—Sheckard:
McGraw Stolen bases -Jones, Kelley, Donovan
Keister. First bose onerrors St Louls. First base
on bals—Off Kitson, }.off Young. 1) Struck oui—By
Kitson, 1; by Young. 4. Hit by pitcher By Kitson, |
Left on bases Brooklyn, 4 St. Louts, 7 Double
plars— Jones, Cross aud Daly Um pire—Gaffney
Mme—2 hours

RROOKLYN, 4; ST. LOUIS, 6. SECOND GAME

BROOKLYN ST. LOUTS
RE POA EB RHPOAE

Jones of 1 1 0 0 O McGraw.3b0 6 01 0
Keeler, rt 11 0 0 O furketif .1 2200
Sheekard. lf 1 1 8 1 O Heidreck, ef.0 21 00
Kelley. 1b 1 2 6 1 Donovan, rf..0 0 1 0° 0
Daly, 2d SE @ lace, 88 212 8 «0
Croes, 3b....1 2 0 2 ster,.2b .1 1040
Demont,ss..1 2 1 0 sann,ibi1 2710
McGuire. ¢ 0 2 41 ow.e 018106
McGinnity p.0 0 1 0 rhey.p 0 0 0 2 1

Totals 61218 7 3 Totals 8 91812 1
Brooklyn . 033 2 O-8
Bi Loula@ «6.6 O21 1 18

Two-base hit—Mctiutre ‘Three-base hit-—Sheek
ard Stolen bases—Jones (2). Kerier, Kelley. mpaly,
McGann First base on error -St Lous rirs®base
on balle—Of Hughey 2 Struck out—By MeGin
pnity,5 Hit by pitcher—By MeGinniiy, 3. Left on
bases—Rrooklyn, & St Louts, & Wild pitehes

eGinnity, 1: Hughey, 3. l mplres Jennings and

olin ime—1 hour and Av minutes” Attendance
«5,000,

NEW YORK. 2? rirrsk#i
Hickmal won vesterday’s game in the ninth |

 

® ball
The
f the

{Inning for the New Yorks by hit
into the left fleld stand tor he

gaine was well played. resulting in
quickest games of the ASOn takir one
hour and twenty minutes Pittsburg got Tan-
Mehill around the bases in the second inning on
fae Derk by Davis and a wild throw by Car-

  
 
  

 

avis scored for the New Yorks in the

| ing

 

eevee ee

2 F 7 ae

 
  

se joing ater we wore gut on «mul of

reed os ary

YANKEE GETS THE OUP.

 

  

PITTSBURG. new re a
Clarke, if., Rm FOAM wipe 4" | gem PROTEST 18 SUSTAINED AND
Beaum‘ntef.0 2 6 1 OSelbach.f..0 1 2 0 0 THE MINEOLA 18 DISQUALIFIED.
pitsser £0, ¢ 114 oltivekman. av) ; 3 3 ; Celene
0) r

Ofnnen theO ° 3 { 0| Doyle ib... 0 O11 8 0 ttee of Newport Yacht Racing
Williams 3b0 2 2 0 O/Davis,es...b6 27 3 2 Announces Its Dreision tn the
Zimmer, ¢.0 0 2 } Jigieesca, 5-3 eae Disputed Race of Aug, 22-Fou!l Due to
Phillipe p. 0 0 1 0 Ocanick, p00 3 2 1 the Lafing of August Belment's Boat.

7 acdai) 3| Totel.....8 09790 8 N#wront, Sept. 15.—-The $1,000 cup offered

Totals
*None out when winning run was ecored.

(oreeees 0100000 0 0-1
fuenore 010000800 1-2
First base by errors Pisteburg. 3; New_York, }.
Left op bases—Pitisburg@, 7; New York, 4, First base
on balls--Off Carrick, 1. Sacrifice nit--Clarke. Home
run-Hickman, Two-base hite-Selbach, Davis
Double play Tannehill and Zimmer ('mptre Sny-

der. Time—1 hour and 20 minutes Attendance—
2,690.
PHILADELPHIA, 6, CINCINNATI, 5

PHILADELPHIA. Sept, 15.—Philadelpbia defeated
Cincinnati in a twelve inning game which was marked
by Driliiant fielding throughout The visitors tied
the score in the ninth after two hands had been re-
tired on singles by Barrett and Harley and @ double
by Irwin. he Philadelpiias won tn the twelfth on
Lajoies' force hit and Filek's double. Attendance

406. The seore

PHILADELPHIA. CINCINNATI.

RH. PO. A.B. RH. POA EB
Thomas,ct. i 3 5 O O Barrett, cf. 3 4 10
Slagle, If 1 1 2 0 J Harkey. 1f..0 2
De h'nty,ibt 214 0 Olrwin, rf . 0 0
Lajole, 2b 138 38 1 O Beewley, 1d1 0
Fitek, rf oO 1 1 0 O Corcoran, ast 40

4
40

6 SUnf'id, 3b.0

M'Fariand.cO 0 6
0 Quinn, 2b 0

Dolan, 3b 9114

by the Newport Yaoht Racing Association for
a series of ten races between the 70-foot sloops.
which were sailed off this port during July and
August, has been awarded to the Yankoe owned
by Messrs. Herman B. Duryea and Harry Payne
Whitney. This announcement was made
public this evening, the Regatta Conunittee
having reached a decision yesterday, but
deemed it best not to make it public until the
owners of the Mineola and Yankee, the tnter-
ested parties, had received their copies of the
decision.

The yachts finished the series with the Yan-
kee having 11 points and the Mineola 10, and
with two protests lodged for the committee
to act on, the result of which was to say whether
the Yankee was to get the cup or if she and
the Mineola would have to race again in case of
atie. The protests were in the race of Aug 22,
in which the Mineola was badly disabled in
the second foul with the Yankee, The com-

BD icohoe. Dd i 5 3 3 0 mt . ° 5 mittee wished to beriahtin the matter and did
Dunn, p. 0 0 6 1 O Newton, Dp 8 g 0 | not burry matters. The decision is as follows:
° Habo, p
Totals 6123616 | _— = MINBOLA-YANKEB PROTESTS.
Totals....6 1898616 1 ‘“ I + of
* Batted for Hahn In Race, Aug. 22, 1900 r n ow :
* Winning ran made with one out the fact that both yachts have proteste
Philadel phi 0014000000 0 1-6
ern ™ 31000900100 O56] a8 to the firat foul, the committee

First base on error-Philadelphia Left om baste
Philadelphia, 9; Cinctnnatl, @ Orst base on dalls--
Off Newton, 2; off Hahn, 2; off Donohue, 2; off Dunn,
8. Struck out-By Hahn, 4: by Newton, 1; oe eee.
hue, & Two-base hits-S agie, Lajole, Fitek, Bar-
rett, Irwin, Steinfeldt_ Sacrifice hits- Slagle, Har
ley. Stolen bases—Thomas, Lajole, Harley, (2),
Beckley. Double play Cross, Lajote and Delehanty.
Umpire AHurat ime--2 hours and 36 minutes

BOSTON, 7) CATCAGO,S

 

Dineen, 3: by Menefee, 1. Two-base bits. Sullivan, 2;
Kyan. Sacrifice hits-Long, Mertes, Green, MoCor
mick Stolen bases—Stabl, Tenney, Duffy, Childs.
Double plays--Long, Tenney and Collins; Strang,
Childs aud Hradiey Hit by pitcher es Menefee,

Wild piteh- Dineen. Umpire -Emslie. Time-1
hour and 59 minutes,

American League.

At Chicago— Buffalo, 5; Catcago, 4

At Mi. waukee-- Milwaukee, 14; Indianapolia, 5.

At Kansas City sire Some Kansas oe 3; De-
trot, 2. Second game—Detrott, 4; Kansas City, 2

 

Eastern League.

At Toronto—Hartford, 6; Toronto, 2
At Montreal First game~Springfeld, 9, Montreal,

Second game--Montreal, 3; 8 ring held, 1
A\ Providence--Providenoe, 6; Syracuse, 2

Other Games.

  

| “Soo Steeacree
a ee rr
—_<$<$<$—$<$ $$ ____ . soceecooeco
Se
SS

will consider the first foul only, rejecting the
second, in accordance with the precedent
already established by the committee that
the act by which a yacht disqualifies herself
thereby deprives her of all further rights in
the race. The following are the protests and

claims submitted
NEWPORT, Aug. 22, 1900

ROSTON, Sept 15. Boston won the game with To the Regatta Commitses, Newport Yarm Racing
Chicago to-day. The score Assoctation
BOSTON CHICAGO GENTLEMEN 1 beg to protest the Yankee on the
Hamilton, ef. P ; 7 * Stroog. 3b. * % i * 5 reach to the first mark today for not keeping clear of
long, 58 ‘0 oO 1 8 O Mertes, if...0 2 5 0 2] the Mineola, and fouling the Mineola when lufMfing,
LAL a a Sheard. ae. 5 © | the Yankee betng the overtaking yacht to windward.
Collins,’ Sb. 0 0 2 4 2:Green, ef 0 0 1 0 Of Yours truly. : Al GUST BELM nt
Duffy. if 11 1 0 © Bradley. ib.1 2 7 0 0 NEWPORT, Aug. 22, 100
Lowe, 2b 3 1 @ 8 OMcCorm'as0 | 1 0 0 | To the Regatta ¢ ommittee, Newport Yacht Hacing
Sulitvan,¢ 1 & 8 1 OKling, ¢. ..0 801 Association
) 2 ‘ 00 GENTLEMEN: While regretting the collision at
Dineen, p. 9 1 O 0 Menefee, pp. Lu 0 0 the frst mark today, | protest the Yankee for coming
7 2 2 tals... 1024 6 8 | about on the port tack when she was unabdle to clear
Totals 102714 : Totals ; ; .s 7 | the Mineola. which Was on the starboard tack and
Boston . 0 0 8 10 0 QS o-7 | clone hauled after rounding the mark Vouts fe-
Chicago. e » 1 ” spectfully AUGUST BELMONT
First base on errora-Chicago, 2. First base on First Protest Started eight seconds ahead of the
balis--Off Dinee . 1; Menefee, $. Struek out—By Yankee, she being to windward and about a length

Mineola The Mineola immediately
up to the Yankee, and when she
met her the Yankee ylelded tw the luff, the Mincola's
compass showing southerst by south The boats
luffed alternately and bore away), the Yankee grad-
ually overtaking. The Mineola bore away till com-
ass showed east by south to avoid fouling the Yan-
Cao's mainsail with the masthead spreader, the Yankee
bearing away with her and killing the wind in the
Mineola’s head sheets, causing the Mineola w luff
without taking the heim, and in doing so the Yan
kee's boom end caught the bowsprit shrouds of the
Mineola. The Yankee, being the overtaking boat,
should have kept clear and consequently the fouls
were hers AUGUST BELMONT, Owner
Second Protest Wind, W. S W., course, E. & E.,
four miles The Mineola approached the first mark
on 4 broad reach in the immediate wake of the Yankee
and about 20 feet astern of her When about 100
yards from the mark the Mineola began triinming
down and taking in her jib topsall and when about
20 yards from the mark bore away to eeward of the
Yankee and trimmed down her mainsail close and
ft w go on the wind

astern of the
lutfed, after crossing

 

 

  

ee ee ee eee

|
|
|
|
|
|

had ¢ right to luff, when, however, Mineola
was bound to hold her course, Yankee was
within her righta in giving only eufficient room
to pass clear had Mineola so held her course
In the written and oral statements the com-
mittee finds the luff admitted on the part of
Mineola, and they find no evidence to show
wae without such luff there would have been
re ou
“As to the Yankee's causing the luff, Mineola
claims that Yankee in passing 90 blanketed
Mineola’s head sails as to cause her, Mineola,
to luff without change of helm, Even if ad-
mitted, this fact does not, in the opinion of
the committee, necessarily place the responal-
bility of Mineola’a luff upon Yankee, and
especially because of the following admissions
by the owner of Mineola at the hearing on
Sent. 4
“First It was admitted that
Mineola out of control
* Second—That th: mate of Mineola, stationed for
ward, gave nsi€nalto indicate that Mineola ff al
lowed to luff would swing clear of Yankees, and that
the salling master of Mineola afterward asked the
mate why he, the mate, gave the signal so soon
“The conclusion of the committee ts that
Yankee did as tne overtaking vessel keep clear
as required: that the foul was clearly due to
{ineola's luff: that Mineola was responsible for
uffing and wrong inso doing. Yankee is sus-
tained in her protest and Mineola disqualified
“RaLPH N. ELLIS,
**WoopBURY KANE, |
A&A, Cass CANFIELD
This ends a most interesting controversy,
one that is without equal in yachting circles for
forne vears.

at no time was

 

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

All along the cycle path on the outside of
Prospect Park, on the Ocean avenue and Fort
Hamilton avenue facings, the high winds of
Wednesday morning strewed branches, big
andolittle. Some of this débris eo nearly
stretched across the path that there was only
a foot or two of room at one end of the limbs
and twigs for riders to pass, and when a group

of two or more going in opposite
directions met it was dificult to
avoid a collision, because all steered for

the narrow clearance space. During allthe
afternoon, when there were probably a thousand
riders out, these broken branches laid where
they had fallen. They were dangerous even
when small, for in turning out mapy riders had

to pass over the little limbs and one or two
minor falls ithistrated that there is no telling
which way a twisted twig will turn beneath a
tire’ In the meanwhile there were a dozen
laborers within the park raking, with more$or
or less industry, the dead leaves from the lawns
and a dozen more were raking leaves and pick-
ing twigs from the drives and plazas, where
there was an average of one horse drawn vehicle
an hour. and all of which were heavy enough
to crunch the branches beneath them without
risk. Two inen on the outside of the park,
where the most travel was, could in two hours
have cleared the way, saved several falls, be-
sides much risk and inconvenience

 

“When will riders ever learn the nature and
limitations of a plug in a tire?” The question
was addressed with some heat by a bicycle
repairman to every one within earshot and he
wenton. “There is another man who has just

pre a plug out with his finger, trying to see |

f it was as firmly set as a cornerstone He
pay for it, but the job has got to be done
all over again. They can't seem to keep their
fingers away froma newly inserted plug. Every
day we have to be quick and grab their hands
just as they reach for the plug to push it in
Tt rerninds one of a ran with a toothache, who

wont

is constantly sticking his tongue into the af- |

fected member, or a child with a balloon, who
sticks a pin io it to see what it is filled with
When a puncture has just been fitted with a

"THE SUN, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1900.

|
i

 

It}

n't any trick at all, but the same plug will |

plug any one can push it in with a finger
t

jot push back if the tire is ridden upon, be-

cause the pressure then comes on the tire

around the plug and is not specifically aimed |

at it It seems strange that riders will not
realize this, but,as I say, we have them in here
every day and have to catch hold of their hands
and explain tnatters aa soon as the repaired
tire {a handed to them. Nine out of ten take
their wheela and start for the plug with a finger
aimed at it before they pay for the Job"

Owing to the fact that thera have been many
applications from all parts of the State for"the
new road hook, ‘Fifty Miles Around Buffalo,”

Secretar -Treasurer C ark has issued the fol- |
‘ mounted by a stable hand, who brought him

lowing
1 hasten to aorrect the erroneous statement pub-

| lished in the September issue of the ©. A. W. maga- |

AT WAVERLY ans The Yankee luffed around the mark alead of the
‘ Mineola and on a wider circle owing to her coming
yeveriy Mn e 2 : ° 0 ‘ ; 3 1 2 17 5 down closer to the mark, wate the minors By ed
Ba. 4 al on the wind in 4 shorter circle but astern of the Yan
Batteries-Ging and Accorsin!; Wheeler and Shea a The Mineola held her way passing the mark
AT RUTHERFORD. ane on the starboard tee ane pen dee about ah S. A!
, while the Yankee sailed around the mark with 4 su
Rutherford... 000021 0 0 .—3 5 1] elently wide turn wo leave a free opening for the Min
Watecaaing iid 00 ° o,7, 0 "er ( vp 4 ; eola to come in without coming tate, the wind, ‘The
attieries ams 4p i iley; esterfer an Yankee came about and began Ww All away on the
Ferguson ort tack Without paying any attention to the Mineola
AT PHILADELPRIA ing on the starboard “er 1d ae oii
The course of the Mineola could not then be chan
Equitable..........0 to wear away clear of the Yankee. If held on her |
Penn. KR R.........0 course she would have cut head on into the Yankee's
aT quarter. The helm of the Mineola was then put hard
to port with the owner's assistance in an effort to luff
, clear. The Mineola struck the Yankee Just aft of
Elisabeth 0 9 0 ° ‘ © | her rigging, and gradually rounded to and became
Crantord...., eG @ oF 0 as 2 ocked on the port tack under the lee of the Yankee,
1 p
Batteries -Van Zandt and Burke; Burehell and | Ty. mark had already been rounded when both yachw
Hall ased the mark on the starboard tack, and the Yan
AT CARTERET, N. J ee when she came about on the port tack did so when
Carteret A. 0.--4 0 8 1.0.0 1 1 mtd 18 B | ene wee unable to clear tim Tiee own, O
.0 — AUGUS ONT, Owner.
Crese C7. .8 1000000 1— 4 F
"bavertes Huether and Keefe; Lyons, Hempter cal Regatta Committee Newport Yacht! Racing Assoct
Harbush. ation
; AT BERGEN POINT. GENTLEMEN I beg to protest the Mineola for
an fouling Yankee s to-cay 8 pe ine are you! oc
Kniokerb’kerA.O.2 1 0203 0608 9 8] curred In the following manner m vats were
Murray Hill 30 040 2 0 0-8 12 0 | reaching for the frst mark with booms to port Min

Batieri*a-—-Disosway, Terry and Wood; Hartman
and Myers
AT ORANGB OVAL.

a .
Orange Athietios 2 0 1 8 1:0 0:0 «0-7 ; 8}

09 0-1
Boutilier

10

Irvington BBC. 0 0 0 1.0.0
and

Batteries — Lawson and O'Neil;
Retl y

At Bergen Beach—Crown A. C., 6: Bergen Beach, 4.

At Perth Amboy —Cuban Giants, 7; Marions, 4.

At Mount Vernon-—Holiywood Inn, ¥, Mount Ver-
non,

 

Brookiyn Amateur Association.
AT PROSPROT PARK.

KR HE.
Bay RidgeA © .1 10002 «1 8 OF 10 5
Resolutes ve 9 1801008 0-8 8 6
Batteries—Jellineck and Slesinger; Mallory and
Thing

REE
St Paul........1 © 2 8 8 10 1 8-12 14 4
Nationals 4000 038 2 0 O- 6 10 6
Batteries—Oaks and Malley; Dison and Daly

New York Wins the Series From Cincinnati.

The series between the New York and Clucinnad
teams proved easy pickings for the local men. Of the
twenty eames played they won thirteen During the
first three months of the campaign the Cincinnatis

won six of the firstnine games but they lost all ex-
cept one of the last eleven contests Hawley won ail
five €ames in which he pitched against bis old team.
The records follow:

CLUB REOORD

At Home. Abroad. Total Total
Won. Lost. Won. Lost. Won. Lost.

New York... oe § 5 4 18 i
Cincinnat!.......... 4 5 5.6 (68 7 1
TEAM BATTING
At Rat. Runs. Base Hits, Average.
New York 601 129 208 301
Cincinnall..... 693 116 174 251
TEAM FIELDING
Put Out. Assists. Errore Average.
New York 513 249 77 O12
Cinctnnatt 400 278 87 032

NRW YORK PITCHERS’ RECORD.
Gamea Games Runs Hite

 

  
 

Won Lon. by Op. by Op

Hawley 6 0 20 60

Mercer 4 1 18 31

Doheny . 2 2 14 17

Taylor ei 0 5 9

Carrick 2 4 46 67

Totals... aie 7 116 476
CINCINNATI! PITCHERS’ RECORD

Game oF oe Hite

on. “a dy Op.

Breitensteto .. 4 1 og 4)

Philips oa 1 19 24

Seott 1 $ 20 48

Hahn... tn 6 32 59

Newton 0 2 20 2A

Stimmel...+.. +: - 0 9 1 4

Totale...c.ccc esses, 7 98 180-808

Breitenstein in a game won by
ames lost Newton replaced
Phillips and Newton re-
reitenatein,

Stimme! replaced
the Cincinnatls In
Scott. Brettenstein, Scott
placed Habn, and Scott replaced

Baseball Games To-day.

West New York F. C, va Hoboken, at Weehawken.
Jersey Cityys Cuban XG nis a Jersey City.
Cedars vs. Eltons, at Cedar Ov
Johnstown F C ws, Pearsall A. C., at Jersey City,
Hrown A.C. v8 Loyolas at Jasper Field
Maujer A.C. vs Cilmax A. C., at Newark,
South Brother Island F. C. va. Genuine Oudan

Giants, at South Brother Island

porcouiva F.C vs Nassau B. B. GC, et Wiliams
we
Comets va Rough Riders at Greenpoing

Empires vs. Rabways at Fast New York.

Skellys vs Everett College, at Skelly grounds

Baseball Notes,

Dan Murphy, second baseman from the Norwtoh
club of the Connecticut State League, bas been signed
by the New York club. It is@aid that $1,800 was
paid for him.

lwelve of the twenty games played between the
RBostons @nd the St Louls ams were won by the
former players, who tallied 146 runs against 117 for
McGraw's men

Woile the Pittsburgs won eleven of the twenty
games played against the Philadelphias, the first
named play ers scored only one more run in the entire
series. The total was 108 to 102,

 

Showalter Reports te the Maahattas Cheas
Cleb.

Showalter made his report to Dr, Louts Cohn,
the Vice-President of ‘he Manhattan Cheas
Club, yesterday. He anid that he failed in mak-
ing on engagement with either of the two atars
the club was desirou; of inviting for the ensu-
reason. The Kentuckian, however, prone
ised his support in case the directors were anx-
ious to arrange some sortol @ carnival, which
will take place about the 1 iddie of next month,
Lipschultz, Hymes, Marshall and other firet-
rate players have de lared their willingness to
enter any contest whioh is likely to create inter-
est among the members of the club.

eola luffed and Yankee to avotd her luffed also and
Yankee got Mineola s wind
and drew rapidly abead. Then Mineola weps oft
while Yankee held her luff. Then Mineola luffed
sharply, with the apparent intention of golng under
Yankees stern and struck the leech of Yankee's
matusall with the outer part of her bowsprit shroud
1 heg to protest Mineola under Rule 7 he second
foul oeeurred (n the following manner: In rounding
the first mark, Yankee bad «clear lead and tacked
around the mark Mineola atu mpted to force a pas
sage between Yankee and the mark, and tn so doing
atruck Yankee just aft of the rigeing. I beg to pro-

was heading southeast

test Mineola under paragraph 2 of Rule 12 Very
truly yours, H b. DURYBAa.
AUG, 22, 1900

In the protests and at the hearing certain
contradictory statements are presented. Mine-
ola claims to have been forced to bear away in
order to avoid fouling with her topmast spreader
the mainsail of Yankee, further, that Yankee
bore away with her and 80 approached her
too closely, thus ultimately causing the foul,
Both of these statements are denied by Yankee
as to the danger of fouling the topmast spreader
and as to bearing away

In the protest of Mineola these clroumstances
appear to be cited as explanatory, and the
main claim is based upon the duty of Yankee,
asnanovertaking vesael to keepclear. Inorderto
prove that Yankee forced Mineola to bear
away, it is nec@ssary for Mineola to prove that
a foul would have occurred had she not borne
away As to the charge that Yankee bore
away with Mineola, and Was wrong in 80 doing,
this charge would be included and Judged in
considering the general charge that Yankee,
as the overtaking yacht, failed to keep clear as
required by the rules

In view of the conflict of
the general character of the claims under the
srotest of Mineola, the committee decline
' consider the above alleged facts aa distinct

testimony and

and separate issues and instances of foul sail-
ing, and have decided to confine themselves
to the actual foul or contact: {t being the basis
of the protests, and clear as to the essentia!
facts, and to consider all other circumstances
only as related to such foul. In the judg-
ment of the committee the following are the
essential facts

yuer-Yenkes was the overtaking yacht t wind
war

Second—An overlap existed, as proved by the fact of
the foul,

Third—Mineola luffed and touched the lee side of the
leach of Yankee'’s matnsetl with ner (Mineola’s)
weatber bowsprit shrouds about sia feet from the
bowsprit end

Fourth— Had Mineola not luffed the foul would not
have occurred

The rules cited by either side respectively ap-
pear to cover the ouse. They are as follows:

By Mineola—Rule 5—Overtaking. An overtaking
yacht shall, in every case, as long a8 an overiap
exists, Keep clear of the yacht which Is being over
taken, except as specified in section 12. ‘ihe over
taking vessel. If to leeward, must not luff until she
has drawn clear ahead of the yaeht she bas over-
taken.

Rule &—Luffing. A yacht may luff as she pleases
in order to prevent another from passing her to wind
ward

By Yankee--Rule 7 -Altering ooursa When of
two yachts one ts obliged to keep clear, the other
shall not alier ber course 60 a8 to involve risk of
fouling

“The rights and obligations conveved in
these rules are equally important and binding
and these rules must begconstrued in the light o
common sense and as det vendent upon and ex-
planators of each other.

"Ae to Duffing—The phrase ‘in order to pre.
vent’ should be noticed In the opinion of the
committee this rule does not convey a right to
luff when such luff will no longer act to prevent
another yacht from passing thatis, the leeward
and overtaken yacht has no right to luff into the
other and cause @ foul, when the windward s acht
bas drawn #o far ahead that the leeward vacht

can no longer by luiling actually prevent the
other yacht from passing her to wind-
ward In euch case the windward
yacht is practically unable to avoid a foul

and when this point is reached the leeward
and overtaken yacht is bound to hold her course
under Rule 7. Rule 7 {8 universal in its appli-
cation to the right of way rules and only by
fixing such Iimit to the rightto luff oan Rules 7
and & be satisfactorily hannonized. Where
the right to luff under Rule § caases the obli-
ation to hold the course under Rule 7 begins,
This point is certainly reached when an over-
taking and weather yacht can no longer luff
clear by yielding to the luff of the leeward
and overtaken yacht
“Judging from the points of contact. it appears
olear the Yankee had reached such a point
that Mineola by luffing could no longer pre-
vent Yankee from passing her to windward,
and that Yankee was no longer able by iuffing
or otherwise to avoid a foul
“The question as to whether Yankee aa the
overtaking vessel kept sufficiently clear of
Mineola turns also upon the bearing of Kule 7
upon the right of way rules. Inasmuch as an
alteration of course in contravention of Kule 7
would carry with it the responsibility of a foul
resulting from such alteration, it seems only
fair to conclude that under existing miles the
obligation upon one racht to keep clear of ane
other is limited to keeping’ clear of euch other
yacht as does not unlawfully alter her course
“In ‘he present oase Yankee wae oblig
to give all necessary room as long as Mineo!

regarding the new road book for western New
York Ve wish It distinctly understood that these
books are only free to the members residing tn the
counties of Niagara, Erle, Chautauqua, Cattaraugts,
Wyoming, Genesee and Orleans. Members of the
New York State Division residing outside of this
distriet may obtain a copy from this office on pay-
ment of 35 cents Notice of the above was forwarded
to the publishers of the L. A. W. magazine, but it
having already gone to press we were unable to pre-
vent the incorrect notice which was published.

zine

 

Harry E'kes and Johnny Nelson have been
matched nnd It is probable that they will meet
at Ambrose Park, Brookiyn, the later part of
this month

The erossings of the Coney Island Cycle
Path, which have beenin poor condition all sum-
mer, are now being put Into shape for the fall
and winter riding rhe amount of night riding
{« steadily increasing and the moonlight nights
bring out crowds half as big as those seen on
Sundays The lamp ordinance is much abused,
owing to the peculiarity of the State law on the
aubiect and the “bike copa” are chary about
making arrests, One officer, when spoken to
about this, said toa reporter of THE SuN

“The riders simply take advantageofthelaw
and abuse it. If you halt them they say they are
going home and could not help being out without
a light

 

Yet they are all breaking the law which |

requires them toride not faster than six miles an |

hour and ring their bell every thirty fee, [ would
be in favor of arresting every one of them, but
what's the use of doing anything when the Judge
wont hold them?”

The quarterly meeting of the New York State
Board of Officers of the L, A. W. will be held
at Peekskill on Sept, 22.

Boston, Sept 15—There was @ very smal)
attendance and not much interest at the race
meet held this afternoon on the Waltham bi-
eyele track. Harry Elkes and Johnny Nelson
each rode a five-mile exhibition behind motor
pace, Elkes covering the distance in 8 minutes
27 seconds and Nelson in 8 minutes 26 seconds
The best events were those in the amateur
class. The summary

Five-Mile Pursult Race between Jack Farnham of

 

the Metropolitan Wheelmen, Boston, and B, H.
Smith of the Waltham C, C.—Won by Farnham tn
22-3 miles “ime, 6 minutes 4-5 s°conds

One-third Mile Amateur Handicap— Won by
E. Leonard, 30 yards; G. H. Howland, Boston, sec
ond. Time, 40 1-4 seconds.

 

| came looking for her

IMP A CLEVER WINNER.

THE GRAND OLD MARE OUTFOOTS
KINLEY MACK AND ETO ELBERT.

 

Chillicothe'’s Idol Almost Ties Her Last Year's
Record Over the Course--Conroy Takes the
Holly Handicap for the Keenes~Cock
Robin Scores Again Over the Jumps.

Rare «port resulted from the fourth day's
ecard presented by the Brooklyn Jockey Club
at Gravesend yesterday afternoon, and even the
losers, who were in the majority, were forced
to admit that the programme was of exceptional
merit Despite the threatening aspect of the
Weather 8,000 enthusiaste made the trip from city
and suburbs and were rewarded by a series of
spirited contests over a dry and fast track.

The feature which appealed most strongly
to popular sentiment was the Second Special
with $2,500 added, for three-year-olds and up-
ward, at one mile and a half. Kinley Mack,
as winner of the previous division of the race,
had to shoulder full scale weight, while Ethel-
bert, Imp and McMeekin got in with five pounds
off. The regulars could see nothing in the race
but Ethelbert and confidently laid odds on Perry
Belmont’s champion’ W. M_) Barrick's clever
three-year-old McMeekin ruled second choice,
while Kinley Mack receded from 4to1toS tot,
and Imp from 6 to 1 to 7 to 1. The fact that
Imp shouldered 124 pounds last year and set
up the track record of 2:34 was only recalled
after the race, when the disconsolate backers
of Ethelbert began to look around for excuses

After an unnecessary delay at the poet in
a race of such a distance, the boys finally lined
up in fair order and were sent away to a good
start, with Kinley Mack a shadein front. Imp
broke slowly, but soon struck "her stride, and
raced around the bunch Into first position.
Kinley Mack hung on within a length of her,
and MeMeekin held a good position almost
abreast of the noted Brooklyn and Suburban
winner, while Ethelbert whipped in the bunch
This was practically the order throughout
Burns let the old mare slaep, to the vociferous
delight of her rubber and the holiday crowd

She rated along like an automatic piece of
machinery to the stretch where the others

A rotish drive home
ensued to which the old mare field her own
allantly and won by a length from Kinley
Mack. MeMeekin weakened in the last six-
teenth and let up Ethelbert who closed with
& belated burst of apeee and finished at Kinley
Mack's = throatiateh Prof lander fell
in with the humor of the crowd and amid a
wild chorus of cheering pla i “My Coal-Biack
Lady” and “Giod Save the Queen.” Imp fin-
ished fresh and «ound within one-fifth of a
second of the record she established last year

The Special was preceded by an almost equally
important event, the Holly liandicap for two-
year-olds, at five and a half furlonws For a
novelty the work of the blue penetl artist proved
acceptable as it wiped out most of the dead-
wood and left a fine field of eleven to [ace the
starter Although Newton, Bennington’s
game little colt, Beilario, had to carry 126 pounds
he opened and c'osed favorite. Dublin, Water-
voler and Autolight were backed down a couple
of points each but the talent seemed to entirely
overlook the presence of J. R. and F P. Keene's

 

Coproy Spencer took the St. Leonard's
colt. out at flagtall and tried Ww
steal away from the bunch, but Burns on

Silver Dale retused to be shaken off He clung
to second position right up to the stand and for
a few strides held the lea Then his coit went
to pieces, and Dublin and Bellario set sail for
Conroy. This led to a sensational drive in
which Spencer distinguished himself by almost
carrying his mount home a head in front of
Dublin, who captured the place from Bellario
an equally narrow margin. Burns registered
one of his customary kicks with the stewards,
but nothing came of it

W. c. Wuitney's Montanic started the talent
off rejoicing by winning the highweight hand-
ieap easily in fast time from Gold Or, Carbuncle
and other speedy ones. In the steeplechase
which followed, Cock Robin carried the top
impost like a feather and won all the way. At
the finish he was eight lengths in front of
Capt. Piersal. Perlon, the favorite, and hal-
lenger, fell early in the game and Count Na-
varro also came to grief but was caught and

home. third

Lief Prince took the selling race for two-year-
olds easily, and the closing event for horses
of the older civision resulted in a driving win
for Greenock, with Olea second and the fa-
vorite, Ten Candles, third. Summary:

FIRST RACE

Highwetght handicap: for all ages; by subscription
of $10 each or 35 If declared, to the winner; with $700
added, of whieh $125 to second and $75 to third;
about six furlongs

WwW. C. Whitney's b g. Montanic, 3, by Montana—
Walnut, 128 (lurner) , . 1

F. L Liger's ch. c. Gold Or, 3, 128 (Taral) oo f

T. J. Healey's b. g. Carbuncle, 5, 116 \MeCue)..... 3
Ralston Pupil, Annoy, Disturber and Annie

Thompson also ran
Time, 1:10 4-5
Betting—-Eleven to 10 against Montanic,7 te 1
Gold Or, 10 to 1 Carbunele, 10 to | Ralston, 121
Pupll, §tol Annoy 2/0 to 1 Disturber, 8to 1 Annie
‘Thompson.
SECOND RACE.

Steeplechase handicap; for three-year olds and up-
ward, by subscription of $10 each, or $5 tf declared
to the winner, with $690 added, of which $100
second and $50 to third: about two miles and a half

W. C. Hayes's ch. h. Cock Robin, 4, oy Tea Tray
Cushat, 165 Brazil . 1

A. L. Foster's bik, g@ Capt. Plersal, 6, 132
(D Canavan 2

B Aaron's b. &. Count Navarro, 5, 134 (Green 3
Challenger and Perion also ran
lime, 4°53

Betting—Nine to 5 against Cock Robin, 12 to 1

Capt. Plersal 39 to! Count Navarro, 4 to! Chal-
lenger, 6 to 5 Perion
THIRD RACE
The Holly Mardicap for two-year-olds; by eub-

scription of $5: each, or only $15 tf declared, to the

winner, with $1,000 added, of which $200 to second

and $100 to third; five and 4 half furlongs

J.R & PF. P. Keene's ch. ¢ Conroy, by St Leen-
ards--Lady Invercauld, 115 (Spencer) 1

Goughacres Stable's br. c. Dublin, 113 (McCue) 2

Newlon Bennington's ch. ¢ Bellario, 120 (Turner), §
Beau Gallant Wateroolor, Silver Dale, Fake, Anec-

dote. Autolight, "June Gayle and Princess Pepper
also ran
Time, 1:07 45.
* Fell
Betting ven to 1 against Conroy, 9 to 2 Dublin,

13 to 5 BellMrto, 12 to | Beau Gallant, 5 to 1 Water
color, 40 to | Silver Dale, 15 to 1 Fake, 50 to 1 Aneo
dote, Sto} Autolight,50 to | June Gayle, 20 tol
Princess Pepper.

POURTH RACE.

The Second Special for three year-olds and up-
ward; by subscription of $100 each, or $25 forfeit. to
the winner, with 82.500 added, of which $50) to sec
ond and $200 to third: weignots 5 pounds below the

One-Mile Handicap—Won by L. FE. Mettling, Forest | gcale, winner of the Pirst Special to varry full weight;

Hilis, 60 yards: Leroy Brown, Stoughton, second
‘lim’, 2 minutes § 1-5 seconds.

‘Two-Mile Tandem Handica Amateur—Won by
Beaudet and Sulkins. 0° yards: Metiuing and Gillis,
second. Time, 4 minutes 4 4-5 seconds,

Jim Jeffries After Fits,

Billy Brady, manager of Jim Jeffries, came
out with an offer yesterday tomatch the cham-
pion against Bob Fitzsimmons. Brady ts
ready to have the contest take place within
six months, “If, Fitz cares to meet Jeffries
again,” said Brady yesterday, “I will give him
until Nov. 1 to decide. If he should decline we
will wive some of the other big fellows a chance.
Jeffries wants to meet Fitz rather than any-
one else. If he refuses the offer is
open to either Gus Ruhlin or Tom Sharkey.
Jim Corbett will not be recognized. Corbett's
recent contest with Kid MoCoy settles any
chance of Jeff facing him. We could not very
well afford to bring about t meeting as the
public would not patronize it. Jeffries would
rather take on Gus Ruhlin, as the Akron giant
defeated Sharkey. If Fitz agrees to a match
Jeffries will be ready to fight him inside of six
months. There are plenty of places where
the bout can come off without Interference
by the authorities.”

Palisade Boat Club Regatta.

YonxKERS, Sept 15.—-The annual fall regatta
of the Palisade Boat Club took place this after-
noon on the Hudson River. There were five
Summary: -

Single Gigs-Won by RH. Jackson.
Arthur Rowland, second; J. MacAullff, third. Time’
minutes, 2 seconds

Junior Doubles- Won oY H, Carpenter and F,
C. Root. . Peene and G. B, Skinner, second

Junior Single Gigs—Won by Arthur Rowland; F
C. Root, second

Mixed Doubles-Won by E. A. Fiteh and W. H.
Carpenter. F. Peene and F. A. Archibald abandoned
the race.

Eleht Oared Shelis—Won by Palisade—B Measer,
J. MacAullf? RH. Jackson, G, B. Skinner, John

 

events.
Novice

Avery, F.C. Root, J. Davis, F. Arehibald, stroke.
Crescent -White, C. Bucknam, A. Rowland, T
S. Words, F. Peene. W. H. Carpenter, F.

Rayner, J
A Hitch, stroke, second, Time, 6 minutes 15 seconds,

Tart Notes.

The latest edition of “Goodwin's Turf Guide" ts freah
from the press with a complete summary of racing up
to and including Sept. 12. It also contains a lot of

other valuable information for horsemen and an index
for easy reference.

Rivalry between the leading jockeys ts becoming
one of the interesting features at Gravesend. The
“rough house" element of the competition is grad-
ually disappearing under the drastic action of the
stewards andthe boys are beginning to ride on their
merits Both Spencer and Burns cut tn on Turner's
yercentage Yyeoterd:y with two wins each The
Vhitney Jockey pushed them closely with one first
and two thirds, MeCue also played @ atrong hand
with two seconds and a third

After Montante won the opening dash at Gravesend
yesterday he was sold by W Whitney t© Prince
Pontatowski fora fancy price. but the actual figures
were not disclosed

Horses, Harness and Carriages.

No better market is open to you, providin
Gear oom oe reliable, than the readers a
o™ v.

 

4

one mile anda half si ;
Harness & titossman's bik. m Imp, 6, by W e
—Pond ing. |145 (Burne ” + none 1
Eastin & Larabie's b. b Kinley Mack, 4, 126
(McCue 2
Perry Belmont's b b. Etbelbers, 4, 121 (Turner)... 3
McMeekin also ran
Thme, 2:34 1-5.
Betting--Seven to | against Imp, 5 tol Kinley
Mack, 4405 Ethelbert, 18to 5 McMeekin.

FIFTH RACE

Selling: for two-year-olds: by subsertption of §10
each, to the winner; with $6'0 added, of which $100
to second and $50 to third; allowances; five fuwlongs
J. L. Holland's br. c. Lief Prince, by Prines Lie

or Bermuda~—Natalle, 110 (Spencer)
e G. Hughes's ch f. Lady Padden, 105

w Vaiden & Sons’ b f. Graclous 108

(MeJoynt évane ‘6 8

Delighted, Marathou, Punctual, Gertrude Filioti,
Lone Fisherman, Farmer Bennett, Drogheda, Prima
1L, Rising Sun, Mauga and Luck also ran,

Time, 1.02 2-5.

Betting Thirteen to 5 against Lief Prince, 30 w1
Lady Padden, 12 tol Gractous, 40 to.) Delighted, 7
to 2 Marothen, 190 to! Punetual, 7 tol Gertrude
Elliott, 80 to] Lone Fisherman, 2° to | Farmer Ben-
nett, 20 t© 1 Drogheda, 15to1 Prima II, 50to 1
Rising Sun, § w 1 Mauga, § to 1 Luck.

SIKXTH RACE

Selling; for three-year-olds and upward; by sud-
scription of $10 each, to the winner; with $790 added,
of which $125 to second and $75 Ww third; allowances;
one mile and 4 sixteenth
J. F. Schorr’s br o Greenock, 3, by Bramble—Lil-

Han Lindsay, 103 (Burns aa6 41
Newton Benoington's b f Olea, 3, 09 (Slack) 2
William 1. Oliver's br. g. Rinaldo, §, 98 (Gannon) 3

Excelsis, ‘Ten Candles, Onomastus, Macleod of
Dare, Fleuron, Post Haste, Tyrshena, Alsike and Tip
Gallant also rap.

Time, 1:49.

Betttng—Ten to 1 against Greenock, 3 to 1 Olea,
40 to | Rinald>, 49 to 1 Excelsts, 2 to 1 Ten Candles,
7 to 1 Onomastus, 5 to 1 MacLeod of Dare, 10 to1
Fleuron, 30 to 1 Post Haste, 50 to | Tyrshena, 15 tol
Alsike, 200 to1 Tip Gallant.

1
Henry).. 2

At Harlem.

CHICAGO, Sept. 16.—One of the most sucecasful
meetings of the year in the West closed at Hariem to-
day. The summary

First Race -Six (urlongs— Banish, 103 (Buchanan),
16 to 5, won; Egalite, 103 (Alexander), 3to 1, second;
DeBlalse, 104 Bupee), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:144-6

Second Race—Sia furlongs— Sim W., 14 (Gilmore),
6 to 1, won: (ios! Runner, 103 (Buchanan), 2 to },
second; Highland Lad, 110 (Ransom), 4 to 1, third.

Time, 1:13 2.5.

Third Race--One mile—Bonaole Iissak, 97 (J. T
Woods), 4 to |, won; Wall, 107 (Dupee), & to 1, seo-
ond; Fancywood, 102 (Talley), 3 to 1, third. Time,
1:41.15

Fourth Race—Combination Stakes; one mile—The
Lady, 102 (Bergen), even, won; The Elector, 107
(Wiison), 11 to 5, second; Dissolute, 97 (Buchanan),
3 to 1, third. Time, 1:40 4-6.

Fifth Hace-Six furlongs—Ma Beach, 106
(Buchanan), 405. won; Sly, 107 ( tnkGeld), 7to2
second; Bessie Macklin, 06 (Talley), 14 to 5, third
Time, 1,13 1-5.

Sixth Race—One mile and a «ixteenth--Obnet, 02
(Buchanan), 4 to 1, won; Mint Sauce, 114 (Gilmore),
Ato 5, second: Pinochle, 104 (Dupee), 16 to 5, third,
Time, 1:45 4.5

Seventh Race—One mile--Branch, 191 (Buchanan),
& w 5, won, Frelinghuysen, 92 (Talley), 5 tol,
second; Papa Harry, ®9 (Bassinger), 30 to 1, third
Time, i411 5

 

At St. Louls.

@r. Louis, 15. .. The beat crowd of the meet-
a attended the Kinlock Park races Saturday, The
ef the day was the handicap won by

 

|

|
|

The weather was clear and the track fast. Sum-

mary:
‘ Possart, 112 (Southard),
First Race - Six furlongs 1 (Dominick), 7 to 1,

6, won; Kate Freeman, I
eased: Downhearted, 108 (Howell), 7 to 1, third.

. @, 1:17 4.

"cond Race One mile and an eighth Oriandigs,

97 (Coburn), 6 to 5, won; Gilbert, 100 (Dominic
Kitty Clyde, 100 (BE. Mathews), 5 #1,

3 w 1, second ;
third Time, 1°57 2
Ss rlongs Grantor, 04 (May),
MS ion aT? (Dominick), 2 to 1,

Third Race
4 to 1, won; John A. Morris, 5 to |, third.

second: Miss Mae Day, 04 (Cochran),

Time, 1:14,
Fourth Race One mile and 4 quarter Hurdle,
Tonto, 174 (Coughiin), 2.0 1, won Domoretta, 1
Frances Pope, 152 (Porter),

(Slack), 6 to 1, second
Ida Ledford,

6to 5, third. Time, 2 ng 4h vanes

Fifth Race One mile an y ‘

101 (Dominick), 6 to 5, won; Meddlesome, 96 ‘Coch
Go w Bed, 114 (J, Mathews),

ran), & t 1, second

16 to 5, third Time, 1:47.
Sixth Race One mile and an eighth | Peter Dur
ven, 103 (May), & to 1, won; Zazel, 103 (Watson),

Henty of Franstamar, 107 (Cochran),

‘Vime, 1:55 %

Ballytoo Bey May Not Be Ready to Meet
Tommy Atkins.

There is only asiim chance of the proposed
apecial race be(ween Tommy Atkins and Bally-
hoo Bey. The latter is still on the ailing list as
a result of the cut he reovived in the running of
the Flatbush stakes. In discussing Foxhall P.
Keene's letter of Sept. 14, W.C. Whitney said

to 1, second
6 to 1, third,

 

 

yesterday that he hardly thought the colt
could) be got ready in_ time. He is
doing nicely in Dr. Sheppard's = oire

and, if the veterinary ipproves, will be put into
strong work again for the special event and
other important fallengagements, No chanoes
wi!l be taken, however, and unless Mr Keene
will extend the cate tamed in his letter the
question as to the merits of the rival colts will
have to remain without an answer

 

CORBETT IN LONDON.

 

Saye That Jeffries a “Dead One'' and That
Fitz Should Be Champion,
Speeial Cable Despatch to Tar SUN

Queenstown, Sept. 15 --The correspondent
of Tre SUN interviewed James J Corbett here
to-day in regard to the charges made by his
wife that the fight with MeCoy was “fixed”
and that there had heen crookedness in other
matches of pugilists in the Untted States Cor-
bett said that the allegations that his fights
with Sharkey and MeCoy were “fakes” were
too ridiculous for discussion

fle further said that he did not believe that
his wife had made the statement attributed
to her, that he had eloped with an actress
This story, he said, was also without foundation
The actress mentioned was on the Campania,
but she travelled with her mother and occupied
aatateroom with her

Corbett says the charges all emanated from
soreheads in New York who lost money on the
fights referred to

LONDON, Sept. 15.--Corbett arrived here to-
night and is quartered at the Hotel Cecil. The
correspondent of THE SUN asked him if he in-
tended to fight again.

“Certainly,” said Corbett, “if T can get a man
to meet me. I am crazy to meet Jeffries, but
I think he's a ‘dead one.’
but if he wants to fight I am willing to put up
$5,000 if the National Sporting Club will bring
Jeffries here and let me flaht him. He out-
weighs me forty-five pounds

“MoCoy,” said Corbett, “fs very clever, but
he is not big enough. There {is no question
about Fitzsimmons being entitled to the cham-
pionship. Public opinion tn America makes
champions and Fitz is the man, now, I fol-
lowed Fitz for two years after he defeated
me at Carson City, but he refused to meet me
although I put up the money.”

In regard to the stories that his wife had
sued him for divorce Corbett said that his
domestic affairs did not concern the public,

“My reasons for leaving America,” he said,
“are beat known to myself. My wife's sult
for divorce is news to me.”

Corbett has received a cablegram from his
wife denying the statement that she intended
to follow him.

 

CORNELL'S FOOTBALL PROSPECTS.
Good Material on Hand to Take the Place of
O'd Graduates.

ITmAca, Sept. 15.—The Cornell football candi-
dates will be out on the gridiron on Monday
for their first work this season. Coaches
Haughton and Porter and Manager Willis ar-
rived here to-night and they are feeling very
good over Cornell's prospects, It cannot be
learned to-night whether any of the old men
are back, but it is known that several will ar-
rive on Monday. Pierson, who played the
centre position, will probably again come from
the New York branch of the Cornell Medical
School to Ithaca to remain during the season,
Warner, the giant left guard, will also return,
and Trainer Moukley expects him to prove a
tower of strength. Warner is a sophomore
and is only 19 years old, so he should be @ valu-
able man to Cornell for three years yet. Not
only that, Warner is ambitious and he says that
he will never be satistied until he has been picked
for the All-American team, Caldwell, the other
guoerd, will not return as his work was not of
a sufficiently high standard to warrant another
term in Cornell. Besides Warner, Cornell has
Alexander, ‘01, who has been such a faithful
man for the university fortwo years, Taussig,
right end, will also be back, but he will probably
have dilticulty in Lolding his position if the
competition for tne place is very sharp

Benind the line Corneil has Starbuck, who
was captain last year and was reéiected again
this year. Starbuck has ambitions to be cap-
tain of a Cornell teara which will be the first
to take its place permanently in the ranks of
the “Big Five Morrison, Who has played
either as substitute or as regular for three
years, Will also return to college this year.
Though Morrison ts very light he will probably
be able to hold his position against all comers,
George Young, the youngest in the family of
Youngs so noted in Cornell athletics, graduated
last year, Thomas, who is already in town
was a good substitute last year, and he will
srobably be the man who will give the signals

his year. Hutit is said that a freshman, enter-
ing from the University School at Cleveland,
wasastar on his school team, and he will be out
for the same position of quarter which he filled
last year. If this is the case, Thoruas will have
a hard fight for the place.

Cornell will also gain good men from the
teams of the high schools throughout the State
as she has used every means to attract go
men here. Altogether, then, it may be sald
that Cornell will be in fair ehape when the sea-
gon opens, notwithstanding the fact that she
has begun practice much later than usual.

Red Bank Yachts Race tn a 30-Knot Breese.

Rep BANK, Sep! 15 —In a race for a $250 cup
presented by John Wagner and two minor
prizes presented by the gover orsof the Red
Bank Yacht Club, the Catherine, owned by

George Gilig, and sailed by Forman Smith, won.
The Jes-le, owned by Andrew Murray, and
sailed by Capt. O'Brien, captured second prize
and the Shrewsbury, owned by Carl Wagner,
and sailed by Clinton James, took third ze
The race was sailed off Sandy Hook ina $0-
knot breeze, five niles to windward and re
turn, Very few seconds separated the first
three boats. Eleven yachts started

 

‘Horses, Carriages, &e,

a

 

UST DON
“THE STAMP OF EXCELLENCE.”

ON

HARNESS

AND

LEATHER GOODS.

Mark W. Cross & Co.,

2523 BROADWAY, N. ¥.

(Opposite City Hall)
osTo

Sammer St. e7 neh,

‘A BREWSTER RUBBER BROUGHAM, excellent

Ndi tion ;
Site on on; at Ralf value; private viable, 108 Weas

 

~_—

  

 
 
 
  

Goods.

———

Gun

Sportsman's

ee

Bargains.

|

‘length of barrel.

During the year we accumu-
late a few second-hand guns of
(high quality—generally taken

in trade.

Men change in gun

likes and dislikes, desire a gun
a little lighter or heavier, or per-
haps straighter stock or different

They gener-

jally select a high-grade Daly
and leave us the other gun in
part payment.
We make an annual bargain
sale and clear out the stock so
athered. Here are some of the
tifty odd on the list:

Tat

His left arm is gone, |

No

No

No

No

21

Price

Mamond Daly (hammeriess).
Ejector 12- 0, wela@ht. 7%, fin

es| Damascus barrels, choke
bored, slightly used. TAst 22509150 10

Parker Bros. (hammerless),
200 un, 12 ga, 30, 8 Ib
Darmascus barrels, left <liehtl
choked. right eylinder, with
extra set steel trap barre!

second-vand List ™

$275
Two Parker Bros. (hammer
lens 12 wa, twist barrels
sig toMlba,sigitivacrate ed
Tis! $88 42 00
W.& ©, Scott & Son (han
ter) Fine Dam iscus 16 ga
Zain barrel, 6% Ib se ond
hand, good e ndition. ‘List $100
Tour Wm. Parkhureat (han
mer) bree: h-louder- op
® ap. back action, rebounding
locks, | istol grip
fwo Wm. Parkhurst (ham
iner), vreech-iwaders, 12 ga.
top snap genuine twist har
rele. pistol gri', D & F Fore-
end rubber butt, left barrel
choked, engraved and iniald

om

45

mano

A number of Parker, Smith,
and other first-class makers rep-

resented.
call, write for the list.

If not convenient to
A little

money gets a great deal of real
gun value in this sale.

Schoverling,
Daly &
Gales, ,

302-304 Broadway, cor. Duane st.

 

Coxswain A. L

ROWING.

 

Dauntless B, ©, Regatta.
Corne!) steered two crews to

victory yesterday in the thirty-seventh annua!
regatta of the Dauntiess Rowing Club, which
was held over a half-mile course on the Harlem
River, with the finish opposite the boathouse at

the foot of 147th street

The balcony and float

in front of the boathouse was filled with pretty
girls and their escorta, who appeared enthii-
siastic over the sport

James Hall, a stockily buflt boy of 10 years,
gave an exhibition half mile in a shell made

expressly for him

The way he handled the

oars was greatly admired. The little fellow
also stood erect in his shell while out on the
This is a feat but few experienced oars-
men can accomplish.

Of the rowing races all of the finishes were

river

close

Unusual

interest was shown in the

eight-oared barge race owing to women being

seated alongside the crews in each boat.

Cox-

swain Cornell's crew won from Coxswain Du

Barry's eight
Single Gigs,

Summary

Novice—Won b R_ Reese, Jr.;

7. FP.
F. A. Grasmuck, second; J. ©. Vieth, third Time,
4 minutes 69 seconds.

Sin

vw Giga,

seconds;
Mulcare, scratoh, third. Time, 4 minuies 57 second«

Single Shells, Handicap—Won by d

iiandicap—Won by W. H Yates, 29
Conlin, 15 seconds, second; William

P. Instone,

10 seconds; R R Mamlok, 20 seconds, seoond: W.H,
Yates. scratch, third. Time, 4 minutes 41 seconds

Double Gigs—Won by
Briner;

P.

W. H. Yates and HA
olfakeh! and R. R. Mamiok, and J. P

Instone and H. Siebenetcher rowed @ dead heat for

second
Four-O.

bow;

Rrinet, strok
William
Wolfskehl
second.

bow,

4; J J. Shea, 8; A
Frank Adee, stroke; A. L. Carnell, coxswain.
Yates, bow
E.

H. A. Briner,

Dr.

L.

lace,
ared Barge—Won oy E. T, Rosenhetmer,
G. Tierney, 2; J, W. Train A

 
 

‘Time, 8 minutes 26 seconds

er, 3; H

. Du Barry, coxswain; H Lang,
Mulcare, 2; Dr. L. FE Kaim, 3
A” Grasmuck, cosswain,

°

stroke; F

Time, 3 minutes 45 seconds,
Figit-Oared Shells—Won by E. T. Rosenbe!mer
bow: J. ©. Vieth, 2; F.S Fairebiid. 8; J. W. Trainer.

L, Nilson, 6; H. Blobonstcher, 7:
, a
E. H. Anderson, 2; F. B. Underhill, 8

Keim, 4; H. Lang, 5; E. L. Nilson, 6

7; P Wolfskeh., stroke; V. Du Barry

coxswain, second. Time. 5 minutes 8 seconds.
Fight-Oared Barge, With Women—Won by R R

Mamlok, bow: F.
C, Vieth, 4; J.
Slebeneicher, 7; W:
coxswaln,

nell,
mers,

 

Cc. Cont
couzswain, second

 

. Nilson, 2: F. O. Osmere, 8; J
W. Tratner 5; H. A Briner, 6; B
tam Muleare, stroke; A. L. Cor
omen—Mies MoGioin, Mre. Os

rs. Trainer, Miss Wilhelms, Mra. Lang, Misa
Miss Hendricks and Miss Hei muth W.H

fi,

: J. L, Crawford, 2; T. P.

.
9
m
»
x
>
5

2
>
=
a

Gallagher, 8

lok, 6; EB
Walter, stroke; V. Du Barry
Women—Miss Yangeman. Mise

 

Cosgrove, Miss Grasmith, Miss Reisena ser, Mra io
Miss Schwarts, Miss Rood, Misa Overin and

stone.

Mise Yates.

Time, 3 minutes 45 seconds

 

Lawe Teanis.

‘The Hudson River championship lawn tennis tour-
nament wae brought to an end yesterday afternoon at
the Amackassin Club in Yonkers Both champion
ships as wellas first honorsin the miaed doubles and
women's doubles all went to Newburgh playera The

eeores:

Men's Champtonship Singlee—Final round—M. D.
Betts beat J. L. Robertson, Jr., 6—2, 6—4, 6—6,

Championship Round-H. D. Betts. challenger
beat C. S. Batt, holder, 6—4, 6—2, 6-0,

Women's Champtonship Singice—Champlonship
round—Mrs. W. H. Pouoh, challenger, beat Miss
Altoe Ewings, holder, 6—1, 6—3.

Mixed Doubies—Fina! round—Mra. W. BH. Pouch
and W. H. Pouch beat Miss Pauline Lowerre and J
L. Robertson, Jr, 6-4, 5-6, 6—3.

The annual fall members’ tournament of the Lenox
TennisCiub began yesterday afternoon with twelve
entries in the singles, including Wylie OG Grant, who
has just returned from @ campaign on European
courts, Scores:

Championship Singles—Preliminary round—-M 6
Clark beat R. T. Bryan, 6-6, 6—1; E. J. Martin beat

FP. V. Walsh, 6-1.
Jean Emery, 6-—1,6—0; W.
vit, 6

Wournament.
Fowler and F. Otto

7-8; Dr H
Cc.

H. Heywood beat
Grant beat W. F

5, 6-3
Play was started yesterday in the cha.spionship
Singlew in the Crescent Athletic Club's lawn tennis

‘The goubles were finished. W PF

Affeld, Jr, the Yaie-Orescent

com bination, winning the title and trophy. The sum

mary:

Cham

defeat

6—5, 2

onship Singles—First round—T. ©. Ward

J. E
Powers defeated J
Walter aay defeated
~6, 7-4;

Schroeder, 6-4, 6-0, 6-4. W. F
F. Walkiey, 6-2, 8—6, 7—6, 6—3
RK. H. BE. Starr, 6—4, 0-4
J.T. McMahon defeated J. O& W

 

Brooks, 9-7, 6-4, 6-2

Championship Doubles--Final round—W.

ler and F
aod N. S. Jewell 7—5, 6-8, 6-2, 6—1

Samuel H. Gillesp'e won
of the

plonship

deiealing Leon Freeman in straight sets

fF. Fow

Otto Affeld, Jr, defeated Walter Hazard

the Jawn tennis cham
Morristown F.C. yesterday by
In the

Women's event Miss Mary Lewis the Smith College

girl,

captured

the leurela Karl Behr gained the

victory in the Junior event and also becomes perma
nent possessor of the GriM@ihs Challenge cup, whch

he has now won three times
Gentlemen's Championship Singirs

the summary
Final round—

Samuel H. Gillespie defeated Leon S. Freeman, 6-6

6-4,

6-3.

Cha lenge Round—Samuel H. Gillespie, challenger,
Geteated Henry Cochran, holder, by dchault .

Gentlemen'sChamplonship Doubles Final round
Leon S. Freeman and Oscar B. Smith, Jr, defeated
o. tae and bk. H. Woodward, 6—2. 4 -f. 6-8

unlor Champlonship Singl°s—Final round—Kar
Behr difeated Arch e Turn ball, 6-0, 6-4), 6-8.

Ladies’ Champtonship Sing es—Final round—Miss
Mary Lewis defeated Miss Einily M. Little, 6—1
8-6, 6—4

Ladies’ Doubles. Second round— Miss M. Behr and
Miss Julia Hurlbut defeated Miss I. Young and

Miss M. Young, &
Sem! Final R
Hu'lbut defeated Misa A

Little, 15
Ladies’ Consolation Singles—Sem! final

Miss J
“es gue Huribut defeated Migs

und Miss M. Behr and Miss Jui!

Turnbull and Miss EM

13,63

Geruretie Outer,