oer errstedsirzs  anaTasa" Feta ©

ES Gaeumaver cs etsise WG a2e@

ee ee ae ee

    

 

~ VOle LXVIIL—NO, 115,

———_—eer

NEW DISTRICT ATTORNEY

KVOWS NO DISTRICT LEADERS AND
WANTS TO KNOW NONE.

 

Bays There'll Be No Pigeonholed Indictments
White He Is tn Office .All Complaina ts
Welcame—Col. Gardiner Decides to Yield
Gracefally, and Mis Staff Will Help
the New Wan as Long as He Wants,

There will be no change in the working
staff of the Diatrict Attorney's office to-
day Col. Gardiner will be there as
yaual and awalt official notification of his
removal by Gov Roo-evet After two
protracted conferences yesterday, between
Col Gardiner and the members of jis
staff, it was decided that all the subordinates
of the deposed official should continue to
perform their duties until relieved by Lugene
A. Philbin, the new appointee, or until a
time when their resignations would not be
detrimental to the public service Mr. Phil-
bin will not take hold of the office for @ day
or two as he has not yet received his formal
appointment and bas not yet resigned his
place on the State Board of Charities

There was a disposition on the part of
some of the members of Col. Gardiner's
etal to resign in a body as a protest against
the removal of their chief, but the cooler
heads prevailed. For some time the pos-
sibility of resisting the removal in the courte
was considered, but it was concluded that
this was hopeless

Mr Philbin, who lives at 833 West Beventy-
seventh street, was at lis home all day yes-
terday and he found that his new honor was
already beginning to cause him trouble
Right after breakfast his doorbell began to
ring and there was a stream of visitors all
day A great manv of the callers came to
congratulate him on his appointment and
enough applicants for jobs turned up be-
fore noon to fil every place in the District
Attorney's office even if every one of the
present occupants were pitched out Most
of the place hunters seemed to think that
Mr. Philbin would go down to the office
to-day and put everybody out and they all
wanted to get in on the ground floor Among
the callers was a relative of one of Col Gar-
diner’s clerks The relative wanted the
assurance that the clerk would not be re-
moved. Mr Philbin assured his visitor
that If the clerk knew his business and stuck
to it he would be safe

This is practioally the position Mr Philbin
took with reference touall the places, When
he was asked if he expected to make any
changes in the staff he said

“I have no prejudices against any one
lam going into office entirely unpledged
If the men who now hold places there can do
their work properly and can be trusted,
they will be retained If they cannot, they
will be removed and proper men will be put
in thelr places) There is going to be no
politios in the administration of the office,
1 don't know any district leaders, Demo-
cratic or Republican, and I don't want to
know any. They will have no more influence
than any other citizen 1 want all citizens,
no matter who they are, to understand that
they are welcome to come to the District
Attorney with any complaints of infractions
of the law, and that these complaints will
bo attended to Everything is to be open
There are going to be no pigeon-holed indict-
ments When I retire from the office, to
accept which | am making a financial sac.
riflce, I may be unpopular, but I want to have

a record of which my sons will be proud
I expect to mode! my official career after
that of Gov Koosevelt as Police Commissioner
and of Col Waring a4 Street Cleaning Com-
nussioner ”

Mr. Philbin was asked what course he
intended to pursue in his treatment of gamb-
ling houses and disorderly houses, and whether
or not he expected to Cale an actual part in
the crusade against viee In. answer, he
said that he had formed no plans on that
Bibiect and that he had not given it much
thought

‘My policy,” he continued, “will be de-
termined later. If the Committee of Fifteen
or the Tanimany Committee of Five bring
any matters to my attention they will receive

the sane consideration as T will accord to
any cit zen or group of citizens, It has been
said that | am hostile to the liquor business,

This is not true. The liquor business is
regulated by the law, and the men engaged
in it have a right to protection just as men
engaged in other lawful businesses have
Those who violate the law will be prose-
cuted.”

Mr. Philbin explained his having a type-
written accountof his life in his pocket when
her ved the report of his appointment
by wire at the Manhattan Club by SAVING
that he had received an intimation that he
might be appointed to succeed Justices Beek-
man, an honor which was conferred on John
Proctor Clarke instead. In expectation of
this he had prepared the account of his life
for the newspapers

“My appointment,” he said, “was a sur-
‘rise to me I had expected the other place
The appointment was unsolicited by friends
or politicians, although | have been assured
that it is not distasteful to the Republican
organization, Gov. Roosevelt and I have
wen close personal friends since my ap-
pointment on the State Board of Charities,
and this new honor is purely personal from
the Governor While [ am a Democrat, |
have not voted the Democratic ticket since
Mr. Cleveland ran for the Presidency the last
tine, Lvoted for McKinley in 1806 and would
have voted for hin the last time but for the
fact that [| changed my residence shortly
before the election | voted for Gov. Koose.
velt in isos and also worked for the election
of Justice Daly | made speeches for Mayor
Strong in 1804, and in i887) | supported Seth
Low — I was appointed to the State Board of
Charities in August, 1894, foraterm of eight
years have not vet resigned, but I will
do a0 on the receipt of the formal announce.
ment of my appointment as Distriet Ate
torney. In the meantime, | presume, Mr,
Nelntyre willbe the acting District Attorney,”

Col. Gardiner, who retoained in town over
Saturday night, was at the Democratic club at
10 o'clock yesterday morning and had a talk
with several of his assistants, includ-
ing John F Melntyre and. Forbes
Hennessy According to Mr. McIntyre,
who was delegated to speak for Col
Gardiner and the others interested,
there was also presenta constitutional lawyer
whose opinion Was desired as to whether
there wus a chance to fight the removal in
the courts. At this conference it was da-
cided that it was useless, but it was deerned
best to hold another conference in the after-
noon, at which all of the Assistant District
Attorneys should be present and also some
tnore lawyers

the second confab was set for 5 o'clock

nd word was sent to all those who had not
been preaent at the morning meetin They
“ii eot around on time, but none of them had
anvtione to say. Col Gardiner stuck close
to the club and was entirely invisible. The
ciub was closed to reporters.

At 7 o'clock, Mr. MelIntyre came out and
told the reporters what had been done and
the feeling that existed among bis fellows

“We have all decided,” he sald, “that the
staf shall stay as long as Mr Philbin shall
wish. Jere was a atrong sentiment among
some of the Assistant District Attorneys for
resigning in @ pody 1 opposed this on the
round that it would be manifestly improper.
Now | am frank to confess that [am heartily
in sympathy with Col Gardiner _ I am loyal
to him to the fullest extent and I think that
his removal was an outrage without any
defence, but at the same time, I realize that
we owe a duty to the public as well as to Col.
Gardiner and to the party That duty for-
bids us to leave our praces and put New York
at the mercy of the criminal classes It
takes time to educate the officials of that
office. They are educated at the expense
of the public and for us to leave and throw
all the work of prosecuting criminals on a
lot of untried men would result in a large
number of crininals going free to the det-
riment of the city So it was that after
talking !t over we decided to remain My
resignation is at the disposal of Mr. Phil-
bin whenever he desires it and I belleve L
epeak for the others when I say the same
thing for them

“The purpose of our talks to-day was not
only to decide what should be our action
Right at Yoer Hand
is Grand Centra! Station of the New York Central
with athrougbtrainevery how. Reservations made
£ peas ip advance. Trains atell hours. See time
table —Ade

 

 

ES aiteniicnhcitniitcieen a
Eanes ees ’
aii

 

 

 

eee

NEW YORK, MONDAY,

fn thie matter, but aleo to see If it would not
ys advisable to flaht the removal in the courts
@ had tn conference some of the heat law-
yers in the city and went over the whole
subject, but it was thelr opinion that Col
Gardiner had beat submit eracefully to the
Inevitgble pert ingly, he will turn over
his offoe to Mr Philbin whenever the latter
ehall ire

“Mr Philbin will take hold of the office at a
time when there ja exceptionally heavy work
to be done I don't know of any District
{itorney who has had a bigwer job since
fartine went in confronted by the boodle
Aldermen cases This is not because of the
routine, for there are only 900 cases to be
tried When Col Gardiner took over the
office there were over 2,200 cases on hand

‘The chie® diMeulty lies in the number of
dificult cases that will or may come up
for retrial These include the Molineux,

Aonnedy and = Zagouras wurder — cases
and the Grahains Polley perjury case ”

One of the Assistant District Attorneys
bed ¢ is to say last night at the Manhattan

Ath:

“Col. Gardiner je still
aod he will be until he receives oMcial yotice
ot his removal He will be at his office Mon-
day morning at & o'clock to receive that
notice, Mr Philbin cannot become Dis-
trict Attorney until he has resigned his pres-
ent office, taken an oath of office before a
Supreme Court Justice and fled the certifi-
cate of his appointment with the County
Clerk In case he does not qualify for sev-
eral days after Col Gardiner’s removarl
the Judges of the Court of General Sessions
will meet and by the authority of the Public
OMcers’ act, appoint a District Attorney
pro tem. They must choose the assistant
who has been longest tn the service and in
case there are several whose terms are equal
they must appoint the senior in years ”

hen, referring to the conferences at the
Democratic Club between Col, Gardiner,
the members of hie staff and some others
the assistant who made the statement said

It was decided there to make no appeal
at this tlme from the Governor's decision
But in the fall an appeal will be made to the
yoters. Col. Gardiner will be renorminated
for the office from which he has been ousted.”

The talk that went the rounds vesterday
among the politicians and others interested
in the change was that within a short time
the hl District Attorney would have a new
set of faces around him with one or two
osaible exceptions The man who is thought
o have the best chance of holding onis James
W Osborne Osborne and Philbin were
classmates in law school so that Philbin
knows the kind of man he is He would
eay nothing yesterday as to his action toward
Osborne or any one else specifically except
that Osborne's connnection with the Moli-
neux case would be an argument in favor
of his retention _ The Kennedy case, which
was tried by McIntyre, will have to be ree
tried owing to the decision of the Court of
Appeals, and this may serve to hold the
Chief Assiatont District Attorney in case his
official head should get to trembling on its
shoulders Henry W Unger is another
nan who the gossips are guessing will remain
necause of his fomilarity with indictments
and other technical details of the office

Although Mr Philbin appears to have
been assured that his appointment meets
with the approval of the Republican organiza-
tion, no such sentiment was manifest yvester-
day among the rank and file of the workers
The fact that he is not a strict organization
man counts a good deal with them Tam-
many Hall is as much disgusted over Phil-
bin's appointment as though he was the
straightest kind of a Republican Tam-
many men «pent a large part of the dav abus-
ing the Governor While Col Gardiner
was not intensely popular personally, the
Crokerites took up his cause vigorously
Mr Croker's private secretary, Thomas F
Smith. said he believed that ever since Col
Gardiner left the Loyal Legion dinner at

elmonico’s, when Mr Roosevelt was in-
vited there to speak in hils campaign for
Governor in 1898 the Governor had “had
it in him.” In facet, any motive bad
enough was assigned to the Governor by
the angry Tanimmany men

Mr. Philbin announced Inst night that
Samuel Shortridge, Jr, who was private sec-
retary to Justice Beekman would be ap-
pointed his private secretary

PLATT ON ROOSEVEI7'S CHOICE.
enguedeae
A Debt Paid t) Clarke—Paity Will Stand by
Philbin if He Entorces the Laws.

Senator Platt had a few words to say yester-
day at the Fifth Avenue Hotel concerning
the appointment of John Proctor Clarke
to be a Supreme Court Justice to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Justice Henry
R. Beekman

“I suppose,” said Mr Platt, “the Governor
believed he had a debt to pay and he has
paid it now.”

As to the appointment of Fugene A Phil-
bin to be District Attorney, Senator Platt
said

“If Mr. Philbin enforces the law against
all offenders, he will have the support of the
Republican organization.”

Mr. Philbin Is a Gold Democrat. He is
the personal counsel of the Hon. John D
Crimmins. Many anti-Tammany Democrats
have deciared that Mr. Crimmins would
make a fine anti-Tammany candidate for
Mayor next autumn

DOG AND GOAT IN A FIGHT.

District Attorney

 

 

wm ——
A St. Bernard Worsted and Injared So Much
That His Owner Killed Him,

PATERSON, Dec 28 —A fine St. Bernard
dog belonging to James MeCann of Stony
road had a fight to a finish with a billy goat
yesterday afternoon ov the dumps, in full
view of a lot of skaters on the river. The
goat was browsing among the rubbish on
the dumping ground when the dog came
across it. Billy resented the manner in
which the dog sniffed around bir and poising
himself on his hind feet he butted the dog
in the ribs, sending him to the ground. This
aroused the fighting blood of the dog and he
charged upon the goat, but again recoiled
from the butting he got, The dog then
changed his tactics. He made a spring
intended to carry hii over the goat's horns,
but Billy saw him coming and instead of
rising on his hind legs he planted his four
legs firmly and lowered his head. When
the dog made the leap he went further than
he expected to, for Billy raised his head and
catching the dow underneath he threw the
big animal clear over his body, at the same
time goring him badly

The St Bernard dog was game and, although
he yelped with pain, he returned to the at-
tack. Billy stood stock etill, The dow did
not spring again, but he charged on the goat
again and again, but always with the same
result an@ each time receiving a new wound
from Billy's horns. It was a one-sided con-
test all the way through. The sides of the
doe were torn terribly A bie crowd of
skaters tried to separate them, but this was
impossible until the dog was hardly able to
stand some of the men got long poles and
tried to chase off the goat, while others dragged
the dog away Billy charged the interferers
several times. After the dow had been re
duced to u state of helplessness the goat did
net attack hin, but stood near him, with
legs firmly planted and head lowered, as if
inviting his adversary to come on, inally
the men drove the goat off and he scampered
away over the dumps, apparently unhurt
The Gog was taken home to hia owner, who
had to kill him to put him out of pain

SMITH'S COMPLIMENTS TO SHEENAN.

Croker's Secretary Says the Narrative of Rela-
tions With Croker Is Not Truce

The Hon Thomas F Smith, private seore-
tary to the Hon Richard Croker, dropped in
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yesterday on his
way from the Horatio Reymour Club to the
Democratic Club

"This morning’6 papers contained a atate-
ment from John C Sheehan in regard to his
relations with Mr Croker,” said Mr. Smith
“Mr Sheehan's name was not signed
to it, nor wae he quoted tin it, but it
bore internal evidence of coming from
him It was anonymous That is Shee-
hanism. It cannot be nailed down to any
one That also is Sheehanisin. The one
thing In it, however, which convinces me that
it came from Sheehan is that it i untrue
‘That is the essence of Sheehaniam ”

 

 

 

 

Latest Morine Intelligence.

Arrived: Se Jaffa, Taifor, St. lucia, Dee 16;
Georgiana, Parker, Liverpool, Dee 12) Ss Altai,
Morris, Port Limon, Dee. 15

Burnett's Vanitla Extract

is the best, and the best Is none ton good for food and
drink. JIosiston having 1} Avold cheap substitutes.
Ade.

 

Travellers by Trade
know the merits of the Pennsylvania Reilroad.—Ade.

ee
SSS SSS SSS

PRESENT THE DR-
ON CHINA.

MINISTERS WILL
MANDA

 

Spanish Legation tn Pekin Chosen for First
Meeting Miestonaries Collecting Indem-
nity and Levying Fines Mr. Ament of
the American Board Defends His Action.

Spectat ( able Despatches to THR SUN,
From a« Staff Correspondent.

PERKIN, Dec, 22.. The joint note contain-
ing the demands of the Powers has at Inst
been signed by the various representatives,
and the Chinese Commisstoners, Li Hung
Chang and Prince Ching. have been notified
that it will be presented to them at the Span-
Ish legation on Monday morning. Thosejwho
are closest to the Chinese predict that an
agreement will be reached within two weeks.

The Chinese Commissioners, have notified
the Ministers that thelr credentials from
the Empress Dowager have been perfected
by the attachment of the Imperial seal, which
was left in the Imperial city when the Court
fled from the capital.

The Rev Mr. Ament of the American Board
of Foreign Missions has returned from a trip
which he made for the purpose of collecting
indemnities for damages done by Boxers
Everywhere he went he compelled the Chinese
to pay He aays that all his native Christians
are now provided for He had 700 of them
under his charge and 800 were killed He
has collected 900 taels for each of these mur-
ders, and has compelled full payment for
all the property belonging to Christians that
was destroyed Healso assessed fines amount-
ing tothirteen times the amount of the In-
demnity. This money will be used for the
propagation of the Gospel After paying
all the damages Mr. Ament has 7,000 taels
left, which will be devoted to the support
of 100 Chinese widows and thetr children,

Mr. Ament declares that the compensation
he has collected is moderate when compared
with the amount secured by the Catholics,
who demand, in addition to money, head for
head. They collect $00 taels for each murder
of a Catholic. In the Wenchiu country 680
Catholics were killed and for this the Euro-
pean Catholics here demand 750,000 strings
of cash and 680 heads.

ln the course of a conversation Mr. Ament
referred to the attitude of the missionaries
toward the Chinese He said: “l deny
emphatically that the missionaries are vin-
dictive, that they generally looted or that
that they have done anything since the siege
that the circumstances did not demand
1 criticise the Americans. The soft hand of
the Americans is not as good as the mailed
fist of the Germans. If you deal with the
Chinese with a soft hand they will take ad-
vantage of it.”

Mr. Ament reports, however, that the
Chinese are friendly to the Americans. He
states that at the town of Shani a force of
Gerinans held up the head man on Dee 20,
banwed his head and demanded 3,000 taels
andanumber of mulesandcarts. Mr. Ament
interceded in behalf of the head man and the
Germans were finally satisfied with 600 trels,
all the official had) The Germans came from
Shanhaikwan On the trip they had col-
lected 2,000 taela, besides provisions, mules
and carts

PEKIN, Dec. 28.—The question of the acizure
by the Germans of the Pekin clubhouse and
property belonging thereto lias been referred
to the Ministers of all the ;owers for settle

ment. The valne of the seized property
is 300,000 taels. The clubhouse was the only
meeting place for foreigners Before the

seige Baron von Ketteler, the German Min-
ister, who was subsequently murdered,
asked for the use of one room, in which he
desired to lodge soldiers His request was
eranted, and in a short time the Germans
seived the whole place. Lumber for a come
plete honse was looted to repair the German
lewation Though the elubhonse is not
used now Field Marshal Count von Waldersee
refuse. to surrender it or to pay for the ma-
terial that was looted. This is one example
of the high-handed way in which the Germans
are carrying things here The Ministers
will consider the matter because all the for-
eigners are interested in it

The statement that the French Govern-
ment will return the loot taken by the French
soldiers, with the exception of munitions of
war, ts the source of the greatest amuse.
ment here The French soldiers were more
evstematic looters than the Germans, and
it is a fact that toeday Catholic Christiana,
carrying French flags and armed = with
modern guns, are looting villages in the
Provinee of Chill

 

HONOR FOR SHENG.

Chinese Court Appoints Him 8 ub-Director of
the Im perial Clan Coart.

Spectal Cathe Deapatch to THE SUN,
From @ Staff Correspondent.

SuaNnGualt, Dec 23 -—-Director of Railways
and Telegraphs Sheng has been appointed
Sub-Director of the Imperial Clan Court

This appointment will not oblige him to leave
Shanghai. The place is a sineeure, and is
only a mark of imnperial favor

Sheng reports that the fllness of Li Hung
Chang ts slight, and that the physician of
the German lewation ts attending him

The famous Ningpo Joss-house case in the
French settlement here has been settled by
compromise The Freneh Municipal Council
desired to build a road, and claimed the right
to cut the highway through a cemetery To
this the Chinese strenuously objected The
case war settled by Viceroy Lin Kun Yih's
American deputy, Mr. Ferguson.

MACDONALD STILL ALIVE.

 

Sympathy for the Man Who Murdered Aaditor
Frank H. Morrts.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 28 —Sarmuel MacDonald,
who killed Frank H Morris, Auditor for the
War Department, yesterday is stil! alive to-
night. The surgeons of Emergency Hos-
pital, who removed the bullet with which

the murderer tried to kill himself, think he
may live He has expreased the hope he
may die Some sympathy is expressed
for MacDonald, who through a long service
here has made many friends, some of whom
called at the hospital to-day and left ‘word
they would help him if he lives He haa
always helped members of his family from
his earnings, having patd for the musical
education of bis brother, Walter MacDonald,
the singer, now with the Bostonians Mac
Donald's friends say he was driven from
his place as disbursing clerk under Auditor
Morris last February by the latter, who was
called a hard taskmaster = This fe not a popu-
lar thing here among Government clerks
and MacDonald has had the sympathy of
many who knew some of the circumstances
of his removal last spring

His friends. were horrified at his revenge
and aay they had no idea he had such feeling
toward the man he said was the cause of hia
humiliation He was a personad* friend of
Fecretary Edwin M Stanton who came from
Steubenville, Ohio, MacDonald's hore

Two Highwaymen Killed tn Chicago.

Catcaao, Deo. 23,.--Policeman Timothy
Riordan of the West Chicago avenue police

station shot and instantly killed Edward
Jhunaven, a highwayman, late last night.
Dunaven was trying to escape after robbing
John Danenmann of #12. Dunaven is the
second highwayman shot dead within a week.
"Red" Corbett was killed by Officer Grad
last Tonesday at Aberdeen avenue and Polk
streets, Refore Riordan shot Dunaven the
man had fired several shots at him, one graz-
ing his head

 

 
 

For gentle, wa, peacefiil, easy sleep try Ballan-
tine's India Pale Ale, or, better yet, ntine’s Old
Burton Ale.—Aée.

At a ey a Ra AE in et BN A le

DECEMBER 24, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY T

 

CLUR TO THR KIDNAPPERS

Pat Crowe Identified From a Pictar © Women

With Him an O14 Pal,

Omana, Neb, Deo. 28.—The police are now
ready to adviee the offering of a big reward
for Pat Crowe as they are convinced that
he rented the house where Fddie Cudahy
wan kept a prisoner and that he abducted
the millionatre’s son

Pat Crowe's wife is in Omaha though
clearly trying to shield her husband. her
own statements practically satiafy the police
that when they catch him they will have
earned the $25,000 reward

Edward Cudahy now entertains the ame
opinion and {t ls probable that a large reward
will be offered for the arrest and delivery
in Omaha of Crowe.

The police this evening found an Omaha
man who identified a picture of Pat Grove
as the man who rented the old house used
by the robbers. The man begged the police
to withhold his name until after Crowe was
arrested for fear of the consequences.

He is certain as to the identity of the man
The picture of Crowe was taken from the
local Rougue's gallery and the citizen says
he cannot be mistaken

Eddie Cudahy says the picture looks much
ike one of the men who caught him, and Chief
of Police Donahue is now satisfied they have
practically cleared up the mysterry.

The police have identified the woman who
was seen with the man who rented the house
and Lillie Devins, a confidence woman, who
figured with Crowe in the sensational rob-
bery at Denver in 18093

Edward Johnston, a former employee of the
Cudahy Packing Company, was arrested to-
day on suspicion of being one of the kid-
nappers. He answered the description of one
of the men seen around the house and it
was learned that he had been around the
robbers’ den. For a time the police thought
they had earned the reward, for the man
was positively identified by the neighbors
and he admitted that he had been to the house
several times When it was learned that
he had been there to rent it and had been at
his work every day last week and at home
every night, he was released.

The police followed another clue which
located two mysterious men at the Paxton
Hotel. One man, who closely answers the
description of one of the kindappers, stopped
there for four days last week with another
man, who, however, does not answer the
description of any one seen around the kid-
nappers’ house. The last seen of the blonde
man was late on Wednesday night, when
he came into the hotel carrying a big black
satchel, which he lugged with evident effort
He paid his bill and disappeared with the
heavy satchel It is thought that he took
one of the through trains for Denver and
the police are looking for him

tea

PIGHT WITH 'ANK DBURGIARS.

 

of Citizens Compels Surrender —One
Wounded on Each Side.

Montrorn, Wis , Dec. 23 —A burglar, giving
his name as Henry Kennedy, and a citizen
named William Henke were shot during a
pitched battle between bank robbers and a
posse of citizens to-day. For half an hour
there was a flerce fight, during which twenty
or more shots were fired, the burglars
finally surrendering.

Four men entered the private bank of P. T
Stevens at 2 o'clock this morning and tried
to reach the $35,0 that was stored in the
safe. Achargeof nitro-glycerine was inserted
and caused a loud explosion. The report
awakened H. J. Doran, who saw that there
wosa light inthe bank and suinmoned a crow a
of his neighbors While the posse Was organ-
izing there were two more explosions, and
when the citizens made a run for the bank the
burglars left. The door of the safe had been
blown off, but the inner casing was intact

Seeing that they could not finish the job
the burglars left by the rear windows, from
which the bars had been pried off. The
men made thelr way to the depot, where they
had a handearin waiting, and on this they
made their escape down the road to a point
three miles west of Ridgeway. There the
burglars tumbled the car down A steep em-
bankment and made their way to a vacant
railroad barn. After the burglars had es-
caped from Montford Doran aud six citizens
armed with riffes got another handear and
followed the thiewes

They found the abandoned handcar and
from there tracked the mento the burn As
the posse approached the burglars opened
fire on the farmers. The thieves were ata-
tioned in the loft of the barn and warned
the men to retire, but they were resolute
and rushed for the barn and took it by storm
During the scrimmage twenty or more shots
were exchanged and Willlam Henke was shot
intheleg. Henry Kennedy, one of the burg-
lars wae wounded In the thigh. The bure-
lars surrendered in order that their wounded
pal might get medical treatment. Neither
Kennedy or Henke will die

Poss:

CARTRIDGE ON THE CAR TRACK.

 

Whena Car Exploded It the Bollet Went
Through a Man's Het Half a Block Away.

A Second avenue trolley car ran over a Krag-
Jorgenson rifle cartridge at Thirty-eighth
street last night and exploded it. The bullet
went through the hat of Bernard Kaplin,
who was half a block away on the avenue
and ploughed through his scalp withont
breaking the skull Kaplin fell to the side-
walk unconscious, but revived after a doc-
tor, who happened to be In the crowd at-
tracted by the explosion, had dressed the
wound He assured the crowd that the man
was not seriously hurt

The motorman of the car, whose curiosity
to see what had happened had got the better
of the motorman’s habit to get out of the
way when anything happens, kept his car
standing at Thirty-eighth street till the ex-
citement was over and then Kaplin got aboard
with him and rode downtown = Kaplin lives

at 51 Montce street
Policeman Burns of the East Thirty-fifth
street station found the shattered cartridge
shell on the track He reported to his ser-
eant that it had been placed there by “some
vy or boys, unknown, for a joke”

 

MILPORD HOTEL (URNED.

Guests Jumped From the Windows, Losing All
Their Personal Property.

Barpoerort, Conn., Dec. 28. Park Hotel
in Milford was burned at7 o'clock thisevening.
The fiotel was full of guests and many ea-
caped by iym ing from windows. Ng one
was killed or badly injured. Most of the
furniture on the first floor was saved, but the

ersonal property of the guests was lost.
He stables, valued at %5,000, were saved,
The hotel, including furniture, was valued
at about $25,000,

URIED IN

J. W. McRay of New York died Suddenly in
St. Louts.

St Lovts, Mo, Dec. 23.—J W. MeRay of
New York city was found dead in his bed
on Friday in a room at the Cherokee Hotei
and was buried in Potter's Field, the disease
which carried him off being of a contagious
nature To-day a local undertaker received
a telegram from New York, directing him
to take charge of the body and have it buried
in a local cemetery McRay’s mother, who
lives la New York, is said to be wealthy

 

POITER'6’ FIELD

 

 

Depleted Stocks Now Make the Christmas
oblem quer dificult. Buy Waterman's ideas
‘ountain Pen, full aasortment, sure to sult, beautif
lasting. ers, OF at le E. Waterman Co. 16%
Broadway, New York. evenings. —Aéa

ee

LINE TO KIMBERLEY CUT,

ny

ROERS ARE SOUTH OF DE AAR VOW IN
CAPE COLONY.

Britetown Occupied Kitchener Organizing
Estra Force to Check the Invasion - Says
Roers Mave Keceived Little Assistance
From Colonists. Keports Boers Driven
From the Magaliesberg West of Pretoria.

Special Cadle Despatches to Ti SUN

London, Dee 28--The War Office has
received the following despatches from Gen
Kitchener:

“Pretoria, mid-day, Dec 22-80 far as
it is possible to form an opinion from the
reports of officers on the spot, I think that
the Boer movement in Cape Colony has been
checked Of the two forces which entered
the eastern part of the Colony one Is still
northward of the Zoutsepanberg range.
The western one has been turned in the di-
rection of Britatown and Prieska Our troops
are getting round both of these bodies. A
column ts aleo being organzied which will be
ready to be despatched immedtately as soon
as I know where their services are most
wanted

“The Boers have not received very much
axaistance in Cape Colony so far as my in-
formation goes. We have armed some
colonists, They are assisting our force

“Railway and telegraph communication
has been much Interrupted by the weather,
which has been very bad. Gen De Wet is
in the nelghborhood of Senekal.”

PrReTontIA, 0:30 P. M., Dec. 22.—The west-
ern column of Boers occupied Britstown
to-day and cut the railway south of De Aar.
They are being followed up.”

Gen. Kitchener also reports under date of
Deo. 22 that Gen. French engaged Beyer’s
and Delarey’s commandos on Dee. 20 and
21 south of the Magaliesberg range, infllct-
ing considerable loss and capturing Com-
mandant Kreuse and others. The Boers
retreated southward with the British in
pursult. He further reports skirmishes at
Blakfontein and Olifants Nek on Deo. 21,
the Boers retiring after losing several men.

Lonpon, Dec. 24 —The Cape Town corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail, in the course
of a long despatch representing the situation
in the Cape Colony as being most serious,
says that the invaders are roaming over an
immense tract of country round De Aar,
destroying the telegraph lines and menacing
the railway. There is little inclination on the
part of the inhabitants to bar their progress.
It is not known yet to what extent residents
of the colony are assisting the comimandos,
but the latter are known to be collecting
large numbers of light, faust vehicles to ex-
pedite their movements

The uneasiness regarding the attitude of
the rural Duteh toward the Boers has been
increased by the discovery that during the
past two months public bodies in remote
places have made requisitions for supplies
of dynamite, presumably for public pur-
poses, Efforts are now being made by the
Colontal Government to recover the ex-
plosive, The Government recently recalled
large supplies of arms 4nd ammunition stored
at various centres. It is significant that
the contents of the ammunition magazines
in the neighborhood of Cape Town and even
in Cape Town itself are being removed to
the military headquarters in the city. Ad-
ditional precautions have been taken against
possible attempts to release the Boer pris-
oners in the neighborhood of Cape Town.

Responsible politicians and commercial men
are impressing on the Government the urgency
of making martial law general throughout
the colony, and it is reported that this will
shortly be done There are good reasons
for belleving that the whole colony is rebel-
Hous. There would unquestionably be great
advantages ina suspension of the Constitution
for five years. Many Parllamentary Pro-
gresaives strongly favor this course, believing
that therein lies the salvation of the country,
and that it would be the most expeditious
methodof pacification. The leading Lovatists
are of the opinion that England fails to appre-
ciate the danger to which the colony is ex-
posed owing to the recrudescence of Boer
activity

 

BOERS DRIVEN FROM MAGALIESBERG.

Three Days’ Hard Fighting in the Hills West
of Pretorta.
Special Cate Lespatches to THE SUN.
From THE Sun's Correspondent at Pretoria,
Prerorta, Dee. 23.—Gen. Clements, op-
erating in combination with Gen French,
has cleared the Boers out of the Magalies

 

berg Range. The fighting was continuous
from Dec. 19 to Dec. 22. Before Gen. French's
arrival Gen. Clements was hotly engaged

near Hekpoort, the Boers bolding a line of
kopjes with five guns anda pompom. Under
cover of an effective fire from J Battery,
the Eighth Battery and a 47 gun, the British
forces advanced and after four hours’ fight-
{ing took the whole position, with sixteen
casualties, including two killed The Boers
lost twenty killed. Several of them were
buried by the British

Col. Cookson, with a small force of Kit-
chener’s Horse, the Second Mounted Infantry
and a section of J Battery, took Yeomanry
Hill on the right. The Inniskilling Fusileers
and the Border Regiment drove in thefcentre
of the Boer line, Gen. Allerson’s mounted
Infantry attacked and took a formidable
kopje on the left,« from which two guns and
a pompom had contested the British ad-
vance, The Boers retired in confusion

On Dec, 20 the combined foree advanced
on Bosehfontein, but the Boers had departed,
a number of them going north and the re-
mainder southwest. On Dec, 21 a number
of the Boers were seen retiring with their
guns. They were shelled

The $00 British prisoners who were captured
by the Boers at Nooitgedacht and subse-
quently released have rejoined Gen Clements
who is now encamped three miles northwest
of Oliphant’s Nek

Gen French bad a sharp action on Dec 19
with a Boer force near Boechfontein He
attacked and repulsed them with loss and
joined Gen Clementa in the afternoon

NO PASSENGERS TO KIMBERIF).

Mall Train From Cape Town Will Leave Them
at Victoria West,
Special Catle Despatch to THE SUN
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town.
Capk Town, Dec 23 —- The branches of the
Standard Bank at Ceres and Laingsburg,
which were closed in consequence of antic-

ipated trouble with the Dutch colonists
there, have been reopened bess

The mail train leaving to-night on the
Kimberley line will not carry passengers

beyond Victoria West, which is 228 miles south
of Kimberley

 

SNIPING EAST OF PRETORIA.

Gen. Paget's Force Is Engaged With the Enemy
Near Rhenoster Kop.
Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN.
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria

Prerornia, Dec. 22.--The Boers are dis-
playing considerable activity near Kheno ster
Kop, east of here. Pagot's force is con-
stantly in contact with them and sniping
is general. The country in the neighborhood
of Pretoria is quiet, but the greatest vigilance
is exercised by the British. Only a limited
@umber of roads are open.

ete hee ete oa ee
A

8 : =
HE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

" Raln to-day; fair to-morrow,

®

 

CENTRAL LABOR UNION FOR “THE SUN.”

Condemns the Typographical Union's Attacks

“Sun's Wages High as Any.
The Central Labor Union met yesterday
at Central Hall, 147 West Thirty-second

street, and after discussing the attitude of
some of the labor unions toward THe SUN

| adopted the following preamble and reso-

lutions

“Wherene, The American Federation of
Labor and its branches, more partionlarly’
Typoaraphical Union No. 6, have been for
the last year endeavoring to use all branches
of honorable totl to enable them to carry
out a vindlative epleen on the management
of the paper known as the New York SUN
and

“Whereas, Upon investigation and examina-
tion of books and payrolls of the New Yourke
RUN we find that all the employees have unton
wages and in some cases more than union
wages, and

“Whereas, These parties were successful tn
their begging efforts In recelving the in-
dorsement of the State Congress of the
Knights of Labor at a meeting - eld in Albany,

“Reaoived, That we call upon all branches
of honorable toll to refute such action at
the State Knights of Labor Congress in
Albany on Jan. 8, 1901, and that the State
Congress be requested to nullify ite reso-
lution aa an act of justice to all concerned;

“Resolved, Further that a copy of these
resolutions be sent to the Knights of Labor
Congress when it meets in Albany on Jan.
& next.”

The preamble and resolutions were sub-
mitted by Robert Kopp, Treasurer of the
Central Labor Union, who was acting chair-
man, and were carried unanimously.

MAYOR'S SALARY GOES TO THE POOR.

 

 

 

To Keep the Needy Warm in Winter and Cold tn
Summer Is Hurley's Plan.

BaLEeM, Mass, Dec, 23.—Mayor-elect John
F. Hurley of this city, pawnbroker and real
estate dealer, has planned to give his salary
of $2,500 a year, which he {s to receive be-
ginning Jan. 1, for adroinistering the affairs
of the witch city, to the poor. He will
not hand over the money to a charitable
institution but will disburse the amount
himself as fast as he earns (t. His plan is
to keep the poor warm during the winter
months and he will send coal and wood to
their homes. During the summer months
he will keep these same deserving people
cold by excursions to nearby sea resorts,
affording thus to many a tenement dweller
a pleasure that is ordinarily beyond their
reach because of its cost

 

 

TWO SKATERS DROWNED.

One Got Ont After Ice Gave Way, but Lost His
Life in Trying to Save His Companion.

SUsQuEHANNA, Pa., Dec 23 —While a party
of young people were skating on the Susque-
hanna River last night four miles north of
Susquehanna theice broke. Miss ldaMcKune
of State Line, aged 22, and Arthur Munson
of Lanesboro, aged 20, went into the water.
Miss MeKune disappeared, but Munson suc-
ceeded in reaching the shore He hurried to 4
farmhouse near by for help, and while work-

‘ine with the rescuing party a few minutes

later he went through the ice a second time
and was drowned. The bodies have been
recovered

Mr. Munson was employed in the Erte Rall-
road shops at Susquehanna. Miss McKune
was employed by the Delaware and Hudson
River Railroad Company at State Line

THE CLUB DROPS 100 MEMBERS.

All Delinquents Who Weren't Getting A y-
thing for Their Original 6100 Investment.

At the last meeting of the Board of Gov-
ernors of the Democratic Club it was voted
unanimously to drop the names of over one
hundred members from the rolls for non-
payment of dues and other charges The
men who were dropped joined the club within
a few months after Jan 1, 180%, when the
word went forth that all who expected favor
at the hands of Richard Croker must become
members of his club. These men each paid
$100 initiation fee, and each was expected
to pay $50 dues each year. After all the
offices were distributed, these men, not hav-
ing received any, decided that they didn’t
care to pay their dues

MOLINEUX'S CHANCE OF A NEW TRIAL

 

 

 

Belteved in the District Attorney's Office to
Be a Good One.

It came out vesterday after the confer-
ences of District Attorney Gardiner's staff
that it is generally expected in the office
that the Court of Appeals will give a new
trial to Roland B. Molineux, convicted of
the murder of Katherine J, Adams.

ne

MARIE DRESSLER OUT A NEW GOWN.

 

Burned Up While Being Sponged With Benzine
Tatlor'’s Hands Scorched.

Frank Hayden of the women's tailoring
firin of Hayden & Rowley at 168 West Twenty-
third street was badly burned about the
bands and face and had his hair singed yes-
terday morning by an explosion in his shop
He was sponging with benzine the bottom
of a costume to be worn by Marie Dressler
in the opening performance of “Miss Prinnt”
at the Victoria on Tuesday night when there
Was an explosion and the dress caught fire
The flames spread over his hands and face
and the explosion knocked the plaster from
the cefling next door The engines put out
the fire after it bad done $1,000 damage
Hayden had his burns dressed by an ambu-
lance surgeon Miss Dressler’s costume he
said was worth $500 He will have to get
another ready by Tuesday night

RATT ROAD WRECK IN TEXAS.

 

Texas and Pacific and St. Louis and 8 uth-
western Trains in Collision,

Danas, Tex, Dec. 2%.--Texas and Pacifle
and St. Louis and Southwestern passenger
trains collided at the crossing of the two
roads, nine miles west of Texarkana to-day
Fireman Edward Cotterson was killed and
Engineer James Hubbard fatally injured.
The mail and express cars were demolished
The tracks are blocked and trafic will not
open on both lines before to-morrow

Riding Masters Persist in Their Strike,

The riding masters in Durland’s Academy,
Fifty-ninth street and Eighth avenue, who
struck on Saturday against wearing a uni-
form, said yesterday that they would stay
out untilthe injunetion compelling them
to wear it was withdrawn The new
tume consista of @ coat and waistcoat of
fine black Melton, checked whipeord trousers
and a sguare crowned hat) The riding mas-
ters’ chiefly objected to the square crowned
hats which they say are the kind worn by
hoatiers and grooms Mr Puriand says
the costume is What knglish gwentiemen riders
usually wear, and moreover it was not de-
sirable to the management to have the in-
struectors mistaken By the patrons for fash-
fonable acquaintances whose bames they
might have forgotten

Did He Push Maggie Floria Into a Bonfire?

Joseph Bunsby, ® years old, of 520 Hender-
son street, Jersey City, was arrested yesterday
morning on « charge of manslaughter in
causing the death of Maggie Floria, 5 years
old, of 624 Henderson street The polloe say
that the boy pushed the girl into a bonfire
on Raturday afternoon. Her clothes ignited
and she wos terribly burned, she died in St
Francis Hospital late that night

COR.

 

If you are troubled with !nsomnia see If Ballantine's
India Pale Ale ducsn't bring refreshing sleep.—A de.

ae

|

a ee

a

PRICE TWO CENTS.
QUIGG'S NAME UP AGAIN,

GIRHS AND TEN RYCK WANT HIM TO
HEAD COUNTY COMMITTERF.

Platt Saye There's No Harry and te Said to Be
Thinking About It Protests That Quigg's
Re-election Would Cause aSchiem Charles
H. Treat Suggested. May He a Draft,

Senator Platt'« time was much taken up
yesterday considering a President of the
New York Kepublican County Committee,
Some of Mr. Platt'a advisers declared thas
this matter must be settled before the County
Committee meets on Thureday evening.
Senator Platt himself seemed to think thas
there waa no great hurry and that James
W. Perry, appointed for the time being te
preside over the deliberations of the com-
mittee, could hold his end up a while.

It was ascertained that the gentlemen who
wanted a quick selection made were the Hon.
Frederick 8. Gibbs, National Committeeman
for the State; the Hon. William H. Ten Eyok,
Chairman of the Executive Committee of the
County Committee, and one or two others
who advised Senator Platt that the Hon.
Lemuel Ely Quiga, former President of the
Committee (the immediate predecessor of
Gen. Greene) should be reélected to his old
place. Senator Platt at first did not agree
with the suggestion, but later on It wae de-
clared that he is thinking about it. Oth
who sald they were in the confidence of Mr.
Platt reported that he believed it would
poor politics to reelect Mr. Quigg.

However that may be, Mr. Quigg’s friende
have spoken up for him. John ise
weber and others told of their loyalty to ,
Quigg and it was pointed out that Mr. Quigg
had done valiant service at rp aghington st]
securing Fe are parsonges for the Republi-
can district leaders. On the other han
this patronage could not have been obtaine
without the Adoreement, of Mr. Platt,

While Mr. Gibbs and Mr. Ten Eyck have
spoken up for Mr. Quig ,.other Republican
leaders have protested to Mr. Platt and de-
clared that the reélection of Mr. Quigg would
create a schism in the p in the county

and eventually lead to the organization of
an opposing publican County Commit-

tee

The Republicans who have thus advised
Senator Platt have put forward the e
of Charles H. Treat, Internal Revenue Cole
lector. They have told Senator Platt thas
Mr. Treat would be a fair man, that his nem
is one to conjure with because he co’ 4
bring to the support of the committee nex
year the independent Kepublicanse of the
county in the contest for a Mayor and the
municipal offices of Greater New York.

Talks with Republican county leadere
omnorsey, elicited the information that Sena-
or Platt controls the committee, ven
those opposed to what they said was a “Gibba-
Ten Eyck-Quiga combine” declared unre-
servedly that Senator Platt could control
the committee,

Tuk Svun_ printed xogierday tbat Gen,
James M. Varnum and Mr, Ten Eyck had
declined the suggestions of Mr. Platt that
ither one should become President of the
ounty Committees.

“That's all very well,” said Senator Platt
last night, “but suppose some folks are
drafted?”

Mr. Platt said that Mr. Quigg hadn't asked
to be reelected
_ Important country Republicans who are in-
timates of Senator Platt and whose advice
he seeks, are somewhat nettled over the sit-
uation in New York county. One of the most
influential of these gentlemen said: “We
Republicans up the State play polities every
day in the year. Down here, frorn what
ean learn, the Republican leaders in New
York county play politics for delegates to coun-
ty, citv, State and national conventions
with little or no regard to the vote at the polls
on election day. believe this state of af-
fairs ts to be changed. It certainly will be
changed if I have anything to say.
fa no disposition to quarrel or to make trouble
but, in my opinion, personal interests should
not be made so predominant.”

 

 

VOTED FOR A DEAD MAN.

Republicans Cast a Majority of Votes for Him,
but Was the Populist Elected?

Torera, Kan, Dec 23 —Attorney-General
Goddard is considering a question of law
entirely new in Kansas and probably in the
nation. At the recent election in Osborne
county Alvin Williams was the Republican
nominee for County Commissioner. He died
@ little after noon on election day and this
fact soon became known at the polls. The
Republicans were greatly perplexed for @
time, but finally decided to keep right on
voting for Mr. Williams and defeated his
opponent by a majority of fifty-two

This is probably the only instance in the
United States where men knowingly voted
for a dead man, in order to defeat a Populist.
Now it transpires that Williams was not elected
as he died before the ballots were counted.
The question for Attorney-General Goddard
to decide is, was the Populist elected?

 

 

ON FOR HOWGATE.

NO PAR

Sentence Expires on Dec. 20 —Wishes to Spend
Christmas With Daughter.

WASHINGTON, Dec, 23.—Attorney-General
Griges bas refused to recommend favorable
action by the President of a petition of a
number of Washington business men for

the pardon of Henry W. Howgate, formerly
Captain gad Yisbursing Officer of the 8
Corps of the United States Army, whose
sentence of imorecament for embezzling
public funds will expire Dec 29. The petition
asked that a pardon be granted immediately
so that Howgate might be released in time
to spend Christmas with his daughter in
Washington. Howxate is confined in the
penitentiary at Auburn, N_Y, He was cone
Victed and sentenced In 1su5

FOR A LONG VOYAGE.

 

 

 

COALING

 

Manila Fleet at Norfolk to Sail This Week —Ne
Anxiety Over the Tugs.

Norvo.k, Va., Dec. 28.-The fleet gathered
preparatory to sailing for Manila or Ching
will not get away before the middle of thie
week, Slight repairs required aboard some
of the vessels have not been completed at
the Norfolk Navy Yard and all of the vessele
have not yet finished coaling for the voyage,

seamen who expressed a fear that the
tugs Wompatuck and Pisquataqua of th
fleet, which are only about one hundred an
fifty feet long, might go down in a storm,
were told by officers aboard that they did
not “sar the voyage and would probably
tieet no heavy weather after leaving Bere
muda

OPERATION ON AN ARMOUR CHILD.

Lolita Is Four Years Old and Has Never Walked
~To Wear a Plaster Cast.

Cutcaco, Dee 28.—Another effort will be
made to secure health and strength for the
little daughter of Mr. and Mra J Ogden
Armour on Christraas Day. So frail a little
creature was Lolita that the first few months
of her life were spent in a glass and rosewood
incubator In her entire four —, she
never has walked, but has hobbled about
the house or ridden in a rolling chair, An
anesthetic will be given to the little sufferer
and her delicate little liinbse will be forced
back into perfect artioulation. They will
be held in place by a heavy plaster cast, which
will be worn for six months

 

SAUERKRAUT FOR SOLDIERS.

20,000 Gallons to Be Sent to the Troops in the
Philippines.

CnHicaco, Ul, Deo 23. —Sauerkraut is to be
added to the bill of fare of the United Statee
soldiers now on duty in the Philippines,
Bids will be received by Major W. LL. Alex-
ander, purchasing commissary officer of the
Departinent of the Lakes, on Dec 20, for sup.
plying. Uncle Sam's troops stationed in and
about Manila with 20,000 gallons of sauerkraut,
and it will be shipped from Chicago early in
January With it there will besent 150,000 twoe
sound cans of roast beef, 60,048 pounds of
bacon and 62,500 pounds of ham

Abreast of the Inventive World.

No detail for the safety and convenience of travellerg
is overlooked in Pennsylvania allroad trains.—Ade

a eee

SS

~~

“>

ee

=~

omy

+ ey

 

}
: