aaah

“vot j LUN ‘IILL—XO. «
pl) WEATHER ALL AROUND

sol tit, HIGH WINDS AT SEA,

 

fae in Baltimore, Washington and
renossibvania Cithes 3.133 Inches of
Kain in the 34 Hours tp te S 4. MM.

’ Miner Accidents en

unpanied by the high winds
race thongs generally uncomfortable
sae ton, but they were not nearly

Thursdiv a

» some other places

is

{ rain and wind, but only a

erriaph and = telephone = wires

thirst as thew feared they

tweoutv-four

sagt It was moving northeast
messages from incoming
ers iast night reported clear weather

1 winds

 

ind Washington seem to
‘have suffered more than other
Up to noon vesterday only one wire was
working between New York and Washing -

and it was reported by wireless that

sore

ties

feegraph and telephone wires were
town at the capital and that two inches
\ ofsnow had fatien there

The towns in the Hudson River Valley
eiffered considerably Ferryboats = at |
Newourgh and Fishkill were put out of
isiness One at Fishkill was) blown
wanst (ne dock and had her guards

{ wheelhouse damaged and all glass
broken Part of the deck of the New-
burgh ferry was ripped off

4’ Scranton and other places in that
vicmty from eighteen to twenty-four

hes of snow fell, and there was a regu-
zzard) Coming so early in the
winter if was not expected and caused
much hardship

At Staten Island the wind did much
lamage., blowing down trees and tele-
graph wires On Thursdav evening the
eectnec light wires were broken and the
whole island was in practical darkness

The Weather Bureau last night
better weather for to-day

ner]

in the night and
Mt

The steamer Herman Frasch. in tow
of the tug Astral, bound for New Yor.

that to-day would be fine
~

was 12 miles south of Sandy Hook at |
Her captain reported |

. ook last night
ne wind at § P M_ had freshened to a
northerly gale The tug was
very lttle headway, but he ex-
i New York to-night) The
f the Standard Oil Com-
the Astral some time
to-day in towing
* stearne ity of Everetr,
eviet fron New York vesterday after-
noon for Boston. when five miles east of
% + Islendart! P M last night reported
had browen her high) pressure
gear and wired to New York for
fons whether to return for remaira
or proceed
PHILADELPHIA, Nov 4

enow ar

etrong
Man Oe
pects to ree
tog Sandard
pany will

alk assist

whie)

a! she
instriy
High winds,

tare general to-day all over
@istern Pennsylvania, eastern Maryland

CL slew

i le laware At Shamokin, this State,

s been atwenty-one inch fall of |

“8 since last evening Snow is still
ne there and moet of the collieries
ower « ompelled yo shutdown. There

een fourteen inches of snow at

inoy City aod trolley traffic there is

sspended ‘The mines are closed down
steam trains are much delaved

| Ves! Chester, thisaide of Wilmings

Woot rts is the heaviest in many vears

1 vember Snow and rain fell

a this forenoon

ire no telephone lines open ex-
sooty and Wilmington

a high northwesr

nigh streets

forty

all
Wires are down

a thr the at
miles an hour came asa
the storm of rain. sleet and «now
' Philadelphia during the past
ah
“ts runoing nerth and south,
pooh the wind had a clean aweer
impossible for women to

way

thevet

at intervals and along the
f the Pennsvivania Railroad

* reported

’ is general
racation west
' Wilmington
eRe. Nov. 4 Twelve inches
! here last) might
lone to trees, thousands of
"g broken Railroads and streer
hed up, while telephone

there

and
of Harr

wore

(On Wires were broken
a retired merchan:
itv while shovelling snow
Henry Gratton
halled by a rear end
wo Delaware and Hudson
"! trains and George Will-
come by exhaustion while
2h the heavy snow and died
Now 4 Swept by a burri-
Nh hurled itself through the city
re ol darkness Baltimore awoke
ring te find itself cut off from «
corld and with some of

wv facilities

Henlen,
‘has €
sidew all

SA

hampered
It found
snow on the roots and

stispernded
‘

ils corr thee mt reeete

f its features to-day's wnex
) Wasa dinheate of the bhz
Baltimore off from the
fav oof President ‘Taft's in

Only fo the north was yf

‘ ut

wet hestages through by wire
tos were delaved and tele
mt of commision Every
cere reported down and the

') MOO wae: lie inning Neat Vonday

es preduetlon of “The Hine Aird‘
the Malewtie Theatre (olnm
ios che New Theatr s manage

wserntotar

ae be

the Ocean.

pavy raostorm of yesterday and |
!

i
New {tents and the aeroplanes they sheltered
jat the Hempstead
rs, < away snow and sleet seriously !
ted traffe and plaved havoe |

i
Westchester county will not

} hours of exposure. half clad,

 

 

wind,
from |

  

suburbs, deprived of
to-night in darkness
, The might on the bay is described by
| Vessel captains as fearful, and all agree
| Uhat it was the worst in their experience.
No sailing veasel ventured out. Reports
| from the lower coast are of similar import.
| There were no lives lost, but the damage
wrought was greet The wind blew a
| gale all day, but to-night has moderated
somewhat

electvtc lights,

’

 

GALE WRECKS AEROS,

 

Machines en Flying Fieki Lese Their
Wings When fents Are Swept Away.

The high wind played havoo with the

Plain aviation fleld
yesterday morning. It was estimated that
the loss amounted to $9,000. Nine tents
and seven flying machines were more or

| lees damaged.

was weleome, and now inhaln- |

A new monoplane belonging to John
Davis took its first flight when a gust of

j wind carried it over a fence and dropped
hours from 8 | it some distance away.
iaday to SAM. Friday the! *reeked included those of Henry Cooke,

Other machines

Fred Schneider and Pincus Brauner. Most

1 of the tents were totally destroyed. Nine

or ten of the men were on the grounds at
the time of the storm and they worked hard

jto save the tents and machines, but the
| tifty orsixty mile wind proved too much for

them, None of the engines was damaged.

SAVEM FROM ANGRY SEA.
Dredge Men and Engineers Spend a Hard
Night in Wiki Nertheaster.
Baripcrrort, Conn., Nov 4.— After three
to one of
the wildest northeasters that has swept
Long Island Sound in years four men
| were taken from the tottering rigging of
| the dredge Capitol City and Sve more
from a mud scow moored to the wrecked
veasel a mile from Fancher's dock, in
| Black Rock barbor, here before day-

| break
| Despairing of an answer to their distress

was 3135 inches Later figures
ware ‘announced The last rainfall!
' " when 304 inches felt |
w rs
7 wrod reached a velocity of thirty-

five esau hour Even that wind was

pet os bad as in some other places and}
Pa % esseis UTriving In port ves-

ter i reported severe weather off
shore Ihe storm worked up the coast!
and was riv severe off the New

*NEW YORK,

>) RUSH HOUR TIBUP ON BRIDGE)

 

HOMEGOING BROOKLYNITES
HAVE TO WALK IN RAIN.

   
   
 
 

--- - —

    

TRIES TO KILL POLICE

HEAD.

Crank Fires Two Shots at Philadelphia
Director of Public Safety.

PurILapeLpeuia, Nov. 4.-—-At. 4 o'ciock

this afternoon Harry Clark of 1063 North

Front street made an attempt on the life

 

 

 

 

 

R 5, 1910.—copyrioas, 1910, by the Sun Printing and Pvbiiehing Association,

 

‘AVIATORS DEMAND LA RGB PAY

' AT GAN FRANCISCO.
|

 

 

Car Jumped Track at Switen and Put | of Henry Clay, director of public safety, | witnar Wright Wants 635,000 as a Recog-

Eatire Bridge Elevated System Out jin the latter's office in the public build- |

ef Business for Over an Hour-—Re-

serves Called to Handle Crowd. | director went into his private room, Clark |

Half a hundred patient men eat quietly

in an elevated train at the Manhattan |

termina! of the Brooklyn Bridge last night
while the wrecking crew hammered and
tagged to relieve a tieup that stalled all
the bridge elevated lines from 5:20 to 6:50
o'clock, and made 100,000 persons walk to

Brooklyn in a pelting rain. The trouble |

started when the rear trucks on the second
car of a Brighton Beach train jumped the
tracks at the shuttle switch

Why the car should have jumped at that

place not even J J  Dempsy. superin- |

tendent of elevated lines for the Brook -
lyn Rapid Transit Company, could aay
after two hours investigation It hap-
pened just after the incoming Brighton
Beach train had discharged its passengers
and Joseph Considine, a switch motor-
man, was bringing the train into the
shuttle where a crowd of. homegoers
were waiting to get on board

There was a ripping noiss and then a
sheet of light and sparks as the rear
trucks of the second car jumped clean of
the rails and onto the electrically charged
runner that supplies power at the switch
For about four feet the wheels ground
over the ties, tearing up the third rail
before Considine could stop his train
Remembering the panic on September
14, when
burned themselves out, George Callahan
the bridge electrician, leaped over the
tracks to the temporary switchboard and

| signals as the storm broke upon their | shut off the electricity before the waiting

! unsheltered craft, the crew of seven and
| two Government engineers retired to
their bunks at midnight

Two hours later all were thrown out
of bed by the sudden careening of the
dredge as she sank without warning.
| Five of the crew, including Capt. James
| McGee, leaped to one of the two mud
scows moored to the dredge, while Govern-
ment Inspectors W. J. McPherson and
; Augustin J. Freeman of New Haven,
| with two more of the crew sleeping on
j the upper floor of the dredge house. all
I but sank with the vessel
Freeman found his door wedged ao

 

 

jonut of a window through which water
Was pouring. then clamber up to the
rigging as the dredge sank to the twenty
foot channel bottom

An hour later a hailstorm broke upen

j the half clad men. and Freeman climbed
|under water down into the house, where
prom- ii.
I) was! led tecti
sad the storm would blow itself out | Vatereaaked affo + ee -

fished out bedclothing which though

till three hours after the barge went down
the tug Florence W.. Cags.-¥illiam
Smith dashedout to their reseve. The

| dredge is the property of R. Andersoa

Miller of Albany

 

SHIP FLIGHT PUT OFF.

 

Weather Too Vueh for VcCurdy and He'll
Walt Uni Nov. 24.

ee

crowds had time to be frightened

“This way out’ called the quick think -
ing policeman, and the hundreds who were
on the various platforms found themseel ves

moving down the way they came up urged pstory loft building at the northeast corner |

on by the “step livelys” of the guards
The car was derailed in such a way as to
block every bridge train, and Lexing-
ton avenu*, Ridgewood, Fulton atroet
Culver, West End, Fifth avenne. Brigh-
ton Beach and Raiph avenue trains were
unable to make the platform landing to
take on or discharge passengers

When the standing crowd had been
cleared those in the trains were requested

that he couldn't open it and had to dive) to leave and they hurried to yet away. cll

except the patient @ouls who didn’t care
if dinner was cold when they got home
and sat tight
coming over the bridge were turned back
to the Brooklyn side At the entrances
inspectors stood with handfuls of tickets
entitling the holders to ride over on the
surface lines

At the Manhatten end of the bridge a
sca of umbrellas rolled to the terminal
built out over Park row as the Brooklvn-
ites struggled with the problem of geiting
home Deputy Police Commissioner Dris-
eoll heard of it at Police Headquarters
and sent down the strike duty reserve of
199 men under Capt © Brien and followed
thern himself There he met Inspector
Jobn J. Murtha of

ment and Inspector John J Hogan They

called out the reserves from the entire |
J.D. MeCurdy will not attempt to fly | First Inspection district, from the Leonard |

to Govecnors Island from some point off | street police precinc’ and fifty mounted

Fire Istand to-day. as was planned. He
was to have left on the steamship Kaiserin

morning
this effort all day yeste-day
supervision of Glenn H. Curtiss a plarform

the aftes deck of the steamship. This

platform was eigh:y feet long and at the! down from upper New York on Sonth |
after end was sixty feet above the water. | Ferry trains and had to wait for through | Mfr Heinze saved money during his ten | $5,000 @ side
!The work was going on steadily all day |expreases. Some forced their way to the days imprisonment
fat the Hambarg-Amg ican Line dock at! open air to struggle over the bridge on ! prison he passed a line of eight runners | travelling school of fliers,
foot or to pay expressmen and truck | whose duty. it bas been to wait on Mr z

Hoboken and that company had = char-
tered the tug Eugene 8 Mocan to go out
| ahead of the steamer: and then follow
| MeCurdy home.

The steamer was ty leave at it o'clock
Vand it would reach a point off Fire Island,
labour fifty miles awav. at 2. o'clock.

Then MeCurdy was to glide off the plat-
form and speed back to Govecnors Island.
The storm, continuing all day and showing
ine signs of abating, caused McCurdy to
‘call the flight off. If the weather ia suit-
alle he will try to make the flight on
}November 24. when he will leave qn
ithe Hamburg-American
Amertha

It was expected that torpedo boat

poiicemen from Trafle Squad A. The

the connections in the tower

Then the trains that wete |

the bridge depart- ;

ings.
Entering the outer office just as the

| followed him. Then, standing in the
door, he drew a revolver, and pointing
it at Director Clay fired. The first shot
| missed and Clark fired again, with no
j better aim.
, The shots startled Tim O'Leary, assist-
ant superintendent of police, who sprang
‘to the corridor, Clark turned and tried
bring the weapon on a tine with
| O'Leary, but O'Leary delivered a smash-
}ing blow under Clark's chin and the lat-
| ter fell to the noor. Before he could rise
|Q'Leary jumped upon him and holding
his knee across Lis neck wrested the re-
| volver from him. ’

By this time Director Clay reached the
struggling pair and aided O'Leary The
| prisoner was taken up to a cell.
| It was learned afterward that Ciark

had been hanging around the door lead-
ing to the department of safety for more
(than two hours. apparently waiting for
a chance to see the director, As Clay
jentered the man had an etcellent oppor
‘tunity to shoot, but evidently lost heart

jto

| with no one to interfere

Clark undoubtedly is demented) When
examined he gave as bis reason for the
act the fact that no Governor could be
elected in this State beeause the hiws
are not obeved

$3,000,000 REALTY DEAT.

'Preperts in Plnancial District Exchanged
fer a Loft Building.

| 4 real estate deal involving about
| $3.000.000 and affecting property in the

financial and loft) building districts was
lolowead yesterday by Mo & L. Hess and
Leopold Wel 1 WW. Ringlander and
Mrs Sevilla Hemnernain, witow of Dr
, Heineman. purchased frgm the Em-
pire Realty Corporation the eleven

of University plaice and Eleventh street
{It measures 157 4 feet on University
‘place and 14°46 feet on Eleventh street
It was erected about seven years ago
land is one of the largest loft) buildings
jim that part of the city

| In part payment for this property
IMr  RKinglander and Mrs. Heineman
gave a group of old buildings on Broad
New atreet

street, running through to
south of Exchange place The prop-
erty is known as to 52 Broad street

and @ to W New street and is covered
with seven old four story office buildings
On Broad street there are four buildings
and on New street three

The property has a frontage of 80.4
| feet on Broad street and 64.5 feet on New
‘etreet. It adjoins the Edison Building

land is almost opposite the Broad Ex- | ,
The new owners have | ¥a asking $29,000

change Building

' no plans at present for the improvement
of the plot. but it is suid that before the
jend of the year announcement will be
»made bearing on the future use of the
| property

lweEINZE oT OF THE Towns. |

 

4.P goes Free (After Serving His AlMotted
Ten Days.

| Arthur P Heinze, brother of F Augus-

|tus Heinze. who was commitied to the

| Tombs for ten days for corruptly imped-

until he found him in his private offices -

ition Prize Grahame-White’s Price
1s 923,000 Others Name Big
at a Conference About Going West.

| Aviators, their business managers and
| promoters spent six hours in the grill of
the Hotel Astor yesterday in an attempt
to organize a flying meet for San Fran-
| cisco Israel Ludlow, who had received
‘a telegram from’ the Golden Gate City
| making an offer of $70,000 for atournament,
lealled the airmen and their business
| representatives together to discuss the
| proposition The telegram said that
$30,000 would be allowed for the expenses
‘ot the aviators and, $40,000 would be for
| prize money. November 23 to December
2 was named as the dates and such avia-
itors as Hamilton, Moisant, Audemars,
‘Garros, Grahame-White, Hoxsey, John-
Brookins «and Harkness were

stone,
wanted

Wilbur Wright threw a bomb at the
proposition. After he had listened to the
| proposition he said:

“Gentlemen, I was the first man to fly
and | am ‘0 longer flying, but if you want
my men to fly | will ask a guarantee of
| $15.000 in addition to the prize mdéhey in
_recognition of what I have done” An

impulsive airman. who is corhparatively
“new at the business, said at once that the
| offer was fair, but Charles K. Hamilton
[was not so sure about it. He said.

| “We won't be deceived Mr Wright
| Wants ts to acknowledge his patents ~

| Grahame-White, who sat opposite Mr
Wright when he sprang the surprise, al-
most fell out of his chair, but when he did
recover he said he could not think of going
‘to California without a guarantee of
) $25.00) He said it weuld take a whole
‘month of his time and he considered the
| sum small in that he had to risk his neck
every time he flies He also said that he
has four machines in this country and with
}that number he should receive larger
| compensation than an aviator with only
‘one aeroplane in case of smashups he
jcould be relied upon to always have at
| east one machine in fiying trim. Grahame-
White said he could easily make as much
| in England

When Gleno H. Curtiss looked in at the

| door and saw Wilbur Wright among the
| group of airmen he decided it was an
janti-Curtiss meeting and did nog go
jinside After Hasnilton, who at the
[wesece was willing to fly, heard. the
deanands of the other airmen he said
it would take $20,000 to get him. Moisant
held -out for the same and it began to
look as if it would require several hundred
thousand dollars to get the bird troupe
out West It was seid Latham too

At the conclusion of the six hour con-
ference it was announced that it had been
agreed to put the $15,000 asked by Mr.
Wright in trust to be paid to him if h»
sustains hie patent claims. A telegram
was prepared in answer to the one re-
ceived by Mr Ladlow, saving that the
aviators would not exhibit for less than
$100,000 to cover the expenses and prize
money. This was not sent, as no final
agrpement ce auld be reached
| J. Boreal, representing Bi¢riot in thia
| eountry, was at the conference and pre-

‘ police kept the entrances to ithe bridge ing the administration of justice in the | sented a proposition for a three machine
Auguste Victoria with his biplane this! structure closed and made aisies for the United States Circuit Court by inducing | race to be held at Brighton Beach next

Prepa-ations were made for heavy trucks and vans on their way to
Under the | the Brooklyn side

Tracy S Buckinghbam® transfer clerk
of the United Copper Company, to go to

week He wanted Grahame-Whige and
| Audemars and one of the Wright fliers

: In the subway station a steaming. gasp-} Canada and escape service of a Federal|to compete, but Wilbur Wright said he
having a slight decline was erected on) ing crowd filled the place and was ang-

mented by the hundreds who had come

drivers who turned the blockade and rain
to good account for a lift to the Brooklyn
wide

It was some time before the wrecking
train arrived to straighten out the tangle

Supt Dempsey anid the onty thing to do | the Heinze valise, held the Heinze over- | to-night faces another car atrike.
was to leave the derailed car stranded and | coat and received for hisf{courtesy a $1 | Pratt
back out the remainder of the train, but, pill which was apportioned among the | issued a statement.

the heavy chain that bound the cars was
jammed and it took a half hour's chiselling
to out through a link and free the four
cars that headed toward Brooklyn

This was the signal for starting out the

Line steamship | train that stood powerless on the extreme

north track, and the fifty men who had
tried to read their papers in the growing

| Grand Jury subpxena, was released from
jthe Tombs yesterday
The runners in the prison declare that

When he left the

jHeinze daily Fach saluted, saying

| “Good luck, Mr Heinze® At the end of
the line stood John Campbell, captain of
the trusties who act as runners. Camp-
bell, who had previously brought down

Sight
' Campbell said that was all the Heinze
|money the prisoners saw outside the
prison

Mrs. Heinze awaited her husband in a
taxicab. Mr. Heinze said he had no
Statement to make

 

was neither in the betting or gambling
busineas, but woul’ be willing to try the
race for the sport. Mr. Boreal offered
Frederic Thompson was

also present to talk over his proposed

< STRIKE EXPECTED SOON.

Philadeiphia Traction EKmpleyees in Dis-
| pute Over Strike Breakers.

 

| Pamapenenia. Nov. 4- Philadelphia
Cc. O.
the carmen's leader, late to-day

It read

“The men are desperate Thev are
tired of inaction. They want to do
l something immediately, and intend to
|}do it. They are extremely anxious to
show their resentment of what thev
consider to be one of the worst outrages
| ever committed by a bunch of political
gangsters who see their throne tottering

 

}
isburg

 

(TRAIN. i beneath ther.
“I shall continue to use every reason-
G. Graham Rice So Avers in Answer to | able influence within my power to avert
Present Wife's Request for Alimeny, | the forcible expreasion of their resent-

destrovess would follow the airship back, | dusk or watched from a distance the work |
‘hut yeste-day morning President Tafi re- | of the wrecking crew gave a hungry cheer

| scinded the order of the Navy Department | when “all aboard” was passed along the

ito send the torpedo boat destroyers out. | |ine and the lighta in their train glowed

| One official of the steamship line said bright with the return of life to that line When the application of Mrs. Fran ment and bring about an amicable ad-
‘that the President had declined to allow | of the bridge system. At 6:50 o'clock the | peaks Rice for alimony pending her anit | Juatment of the threatened strained
[a vatileship to go to Atlantic City to have! Ralph avenue local pulled slowly out and \¢.- divorce from George Graham Rice, | Pelations existing between the Philadel-
‘oranges dropped on ite deck Having} the passengers’ faith that the Transit | head of the recently raided Sheftels 4 | phia Rapid Transit Company and its
(taken such action once, to be consistent company would be able to mend ital ee came up before Supreme Court Bisch- union employees.”
the could not allow the destrovers to follow | troubles was rewarded off yesterday her counsel aaiel that Rice's! The statement was made following
| MeCurdy. The tioup was confined to the bridge | anawer had just been served and had | 4 conference which Pratt and Peter

Except a general disarrangement of sched-|e,yen him so much by surprise that he | Driscoll, president of the Carmen's Union,
oan via with Isaac H_ Silverman, the mediator

WARRIED (INOTHERON

ee

PARLIAMENT FOR CHINA

 

Great!

of)

| tn the ane aiken sc’. trains CON- | needed an adjournment to prepare a | : nike
tinued running. Ng On passengers at T % t , *) in the last strike.
In Three tears, Save New Imperial Kaict reply. The care was put over until, Tha edadikive ecmnmniitan of the cavuek

Cabinet to Re Fermed.
Snectal Cattle Despatch to Tan Sun
' pei, Nov. 6 China is to have a
‘parhament three years hence instead
‘of at the later date fixed by the late Em-
peror Kwang-Su The decision is an-
nounced in an imperial edict as the result
of the report of the Government Council,
to which was referred the memoriai
of the new assembly. praving for the
establishment of a popular parliament
tat the earliest possible moment

The Council! favored the memorial
almost unanimousivy The edict say7
the throne has hitherto complied with
Kwang-Su's programme. not daring to
deviate therefrom. but realizing that con-
‘ditions are changing and the situation
becoming critical, it reeognizes the ne-
ceosity for hastening the Constitution,
After exhaustive deliberations it has de-
cided to open @ parliament three years
hence

 

their end of the bridge and turning at
Sands street, Kings County bridge and
the High street loop. After the derailed
car was cut from the Brighton Beach train
traffic was resumed on all the lines over
the bridge, using track A and not taking
on passengers from the north platform

Officials who were superintending the job |
of jacking up the derailed car said that it | Herzig sued for divorce in 1902, but later |

would he well toward morning before the
tracks were in place and the damage en-
tirely repeired

COLLISION IN stUnwir

 

 

With Ne Wore Serious Result Than a) he was transferred from Sing Sing. he | be called.

Tieup of 45 Winutes.

Several persons were cut by glass
ip a rear end collision on the West Farms
division of the subway between the
Jackson avenue and Prospect avenue sta-
tions at 7:30 o'clock last nigbt
trains were northbound and were well

 

Monday
Rice declares in his answer that when
he was married to Frances Drake. an

 

He save that on July 18, 1895, he was
married to Theramutis Ivy Herzig on
the train when Rice, then Herzig, was
bound for Sing Sing. Theramutia Ivy

 

| abandoned tbe suit and Rice says that
)if abe is still alive she is his wife.

| The manner in which George Graham
j Rice took his name in preference to Jacob
) Simon Herzig also came out. While he
| was in the Elmira Reformatory, whence

j met a former newspaper reporter, Willie
G. Rice, who had been sent to Elmira for
forging bills against its newspaper.
| Rice aroused the interest of the superin-
ltendent of the reformatory, who gave

with the understanding that he should

This date cannot be changed, as it is] Aled with the last of the homegoing rush. | return and organize a military company

chosen in the best interests of the empire. |The rear platform of the first train was| in the reformatory
the $200, and the reformatory authorities her husband, on the

Inthe meantime the official system will be | orushed and glass was sent flying

changed. A cabinet will

be organized |
and constitutional laws and regulations | Hoapital for an ambulance

Somebody telephoned to the Lebanon
The ambu-

erecting an upper house and @ lower|jance surgeon treated John O'Brien, a

house will be imaued. The edict con-
clides

“Let the officials and the people qualify
themselves departmentally and. civilly.

ight Kwang-Su'a heavenly spirit

_satiefy the people,”

 

’ }
We hope favorable results will soon de- pe the ambu

guard, of 258 East 149th street and Joseph
Winkle of 832 Dawson street for outs
about the head, and both went

he reat of the gers had gone away
° got there
No report of the accident was made

and)\to the police of the Morriaania station

| Trafic was tied up for forty-five minutes.

 

Rice ran away with

on @ Boston
mock. He died
before

tfound him later workin
newspaper, and took him
tin tne reformatory just

| latter assumed the name ¢
and later profixed George to it.

QUICKEST TO FLORGDA EAST COAST
resorts, Seaboard Alr Line o Fapress leaving
N.Y 1PM
Jacawmaviliec 130? M
eC Ry  Flectric lighted sleepers
Biway.~Ade. .

 

Direct ecnnection with F
Office 1185

actress.in 1@0, he had another wife living, {

Jacob. Jersey Cit

| Si lischa 1, and the of J. H
ee eoeea the saat ‘Geakams Wise, Richardson has for several years been

has been in secret sesmon throughout
lthe day.

The whole situation hinges on what
constitutes “loyalty.” The men express
willingness to concede that those who
were employed prior ta and worked
'through the strike may be considered
l-loyal,” but they absolutely refuse to
| admit that men hired as strike breakers
| during the progress of the strike and who
remain in the company's employ should
| take precedence by virtue of their loyalty.
'Unleas the company recedes from its

| position, they say, a strike will surely

j

 

DIVORCES EDNA MWCLURE.

 

John G. Riehardson Gets a Decree for
} WDeseriton in Rene.

} Reno, Nev., Nov. 6— The final chapter

Both | him $200 and sent him to a military school jn the story of the hasty marriage of |

Fdna MeClure, the Broadway chorus
girl, was closed here to-day by the grant-
ing of a divorce to John G. Richardson,
round of desertion.
Her young husband, to whom she was
sonrviad a Juatice of the Peace of
on December 1, 1908, is a son

Richardson of New York.

interested in mining, Pao In
| soaeres eae > gE ped of a
; York. In his complaint he alleged t

| hin “wife ‘deeerted "h

im in Augnat, 1909

Commencing Nov 6th will arrive Ipon this charge alone, with a stipulation

that he shall

y her permanent alimony
of $a mon

. a the decree granted.

  

[SETTLES THE COOK AFFAIR.
Kaud Rasmussen Said to Have Seat 0
Secret Report From the Arctic.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tuy SUN
Loxpox, Nov. 5.—The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily News says
the ship which took Knud Rasmusseo,
the Danish explorer, to Cape York last
summer has returned. Her captain brings
a secret report to a friend of Rasmussen's
concerning Dr. Cook’s Eskimos, #hom

Rasmussen interviewed.
The captain says this will explain the
whole Cook affair. The publication of

| the report depends on the friend, who
is now abvent from home.

PENSIONS IN CASH.

Fire Department Veteran» Will New Es
cape Petty Graft.

When the retired firemen and the
| widows of deceased firemen went to Fire
| Headquarters yesterday to draw their
quarterly. pensions they were pleased
to find that Commissioner Waldo had
| ordered that they be paid in cash instead
of by check, as had been the custom for

years. The check system worked con-
siderable inconvenience to the veterans
and to the women.

The Commissioner learned that the

most convenient place at which to get
cash for the checks was in saloons, and
| that often a pensioner was induced to
}spend his money there because of the

= the proprietor afforded
|

 

 

 

 

{

 

him. Outside of saloons tradesmen ex-
pected a small discount for cashing the
checks

Secretary Quigley of the pension fund
gave out more thn $100,000 yesterday in
quarterly payments and did not exhaust
| the list of pensioners. Some of them live
| outside the city and get their Fire Depart-
ent money through their local banks

 

MAY ARREST VALLADARES.

But the Princeton Will Net Fire on the
Town of Amapala, Honduras.
Spectal Cole Despatch to Tam Sex.

San Satvapor, Nov. 4--The gunboat
Princeton will not fire on the palace in
Amapala, Honduras, according to word
received here thie afternoon. Prepara-
tions are being made, however, to send a
equad of marines ashore to arrest Co-
mandante Valladares. ‘

The United States officers on board
the Princeton have received harsh notes
from Vallacdares's secretary declaring
that “the entire Yankee pig navy” cannot
dislodge him. Excitement is at fever
heat The issue is now sharply drawn
between Valladares and the Princeton's
Officers. ‘

The town will not be shelled under any
circumstances Stories to that effect
were abroad. Valladares has compara-
tively little support among the people.

This morning reports reached here that
ex-President Bonilla has left Guatemala
and will again attempt to seize the Presi-
dency of Honduras.

MURDERER BURNED BY

 

 

Mexican Who Killed Texas Woman Takeo
From Jail and Lynched.

Rock Sprinas, Tex., Nov. 4.—The Mezi-
can who yesterday shot and killed Mrs.
Lem Henderson, wife of a ranchman, at
her home, eighteen miles from here, was
taken from jail to-day and burned at the
stake .

He was captured yesterday by a ranch-
man several miles from the scene of the
murder and was brought here and placed
in jail.

The news of his capture spread among
the ranchmen and cowboys and a mob
of them gathered, forced their way into
the jail, took out the prisoner, and tying
him to a mesquit tree, piled wood around
him and set it afire.

The man was 2 yeara old and came
to this region from Los Vacas, Mexico,
recentiy. His name waa Antonio Rodri-

guez

 

LEFT NECKLACE IN CAR.

But Mrs. Sturges Didn't Knew tt and
Theatre Ushers Were Set Hunting.

Mr. and Mrs. Roger Sturges of Boston,
whd came here yesterday afternoon,
and had dinner at Sherry® last night,
went to the Herald Square Theatre in the
evening in a taxicab they engaged in front
of the restaurant. After the performance
had started Mr Sturges noticed that a
valuable pearl necklace was missing from
his wife's neck.

Beth Mr. Sturges and his wife locked
for the necklace in the vicinity of their

seats, and when they failed to find it Mr.
Sturges got Manager Harry Hyams
of the theatre to join in the hunt
While the show whs gomg on two of
the women ushers got down on their
knees and searched for the nechlace with
flashlights along the aisle.

When the ushers failed to find the neck-

lace Mr. and Mrs. Sturges hurried back to
Sherry’s. As they passed the manager
lof the taxicab stand Mr. Sturges asked
‘him about it and the manager reached
in his pocket and handed over the neck-
lace. He said that the chauffeur who
drove Mr. and Mrs. Sturges had found
the necklace in his cab on the way back,
and not knowing who hia fares were had
turned it in to be claimed. The taxi
manager said that he was just going in
to Sherry’s to have the necklace kept
there for the owner.

After getting the necklace Mr. and Mra.
| Sturges hustled back to the theatre to say
|that further search was unnecessary.

Manager Hyams said he understood
| necklace was worth $15,000.

'
| ANNA HELD MUST TESTIFY.-
| Ordered to Tell What She Knows Abeut
| Legtetd’s 20,000 Note at Biarritz.

Anna Held, the actress, was ordered
|yesterday by the Appellate Division
jof the Supreme Court to testify before
trial in a suit brought against her husband,
| Florenz Ziegfeld, by Alfred Boulant of
| Paris to recover $20,000 on @ note which
| Ziegfeld gave at Biarritz, France, in
| s908. Boulant says that he lent Ziegfeld
| $20,000 and took the note and Ziegfeld
alleges that he lost 100,000 francs playing
roulette in Boulant’s casino at Biarritz
and that since the note is for a gambling
debt the suit cannot stand

 

 

 

   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
  

 

   

 

ACQUITTED OF THE CHARGE OF
KILLING GRACE HOUGH.

 

Justice Orders the Accusation Reduced
{ From Murder to Secoad Degree Man.
slaughter-—-The Defendant Recalied
and His Wife Is Also a Witness.

Edward T. Rosenheimer of The Roses,
Pelham, who was accused of the murder
of Grace Hough. was acquitted in the
Criminal Branch of the Supreme Court
yesterday afternoon. The jury was out
exactly twenty-five minutes.

Grace Hough was killed in a collision
between Rosenheimer’s motor car and a
tunabout in which she was driving with
George Fedden and Anna McCabe on
Pelham Parkway the night of August 18.

The jury left the court room at the
conclusion of Justice O’Gorman’s brief

| charge at 4:43 o'clock? and the spectators,

thinking that perhaps it would remain
out some time, left the building. Rosen-
heimer’s wife and mother, his two little
sons and a young woman who had sat
with the family at the trial went to the
matron's room and prepared themselves
for a wait.

None of the family was in the court
room when the jury returned, but Mra.
Rosenheimer heard that they had agreed
upon a verdict and rushed downstairs,
where she remained in the corridor unti!
her husband came out.

Rosenheimer was brought into the court
room at a little after $ o'clock, just aa
the jury was filing in. There was an
anxious look upon his face as he stood
while the clerk asked the foreman if the
jury had agreed upon a verdict.

When it was announced that the jury
had found the defendant no: guilty Ros-
enheimer's breast heaved and the muscles
of his throat twitched.

Justice O'Gorman asked if there waa
any further charge against Rosenheimer
and when told by Assistant District At-
torney Maynard that there was not Rosen-
heimer was discharged. He shook hands
with his lawyer.

Mr. Osborne turned to the Court and
asked if it would be inopportune for him
to thank the jury for the care with which
they had attended the testimony.

Justice O'Gorman said that it was not
inopportune and availed himself of the
opportunity to thank the jury for the
manner in which they had conducted
themselves in the jury. box.

_ Aw the jury left the room Rosenheimer
went over to them and every one of the
twelve shook hands with him cordially.
Then Rosenheimer went toward the door.
Outside he found his wife and family
surrounded by a gaping crowd that had
colleated

Frank EF. Anderson, who was juror 6,
after the verdict arose in the jury box
and aaid that on behalf of several other
jurors who like himeelf*had served in
criminal cases he wished to express the
appreciation of the work of Mr. Maynard.
the Assistant District Attorney. He had
shown a surprising lack of vindictivences
in his conduct of the trial.

Several policemen in uniform stood
near, but it remained for a court officer
to clear a way for Rosenheimer and his
wife.

As they embraced the crowd collected
closer about them.

Rosenheimer turned to the crowd and
said, “For God's sake, men, can't you let
me and mine be for a time?”

One of the court attendants showed
them into a vacant court room, where
there was a family reunion for nearly
half an hour, and then the Rosenheimers
went home in an automobile.

Earlier in the day Justice O'Gorman
haf withdrawn from the consideration
of the jury the charge of murder in the
first degree, for which Rosenheimer had
been indicted, and also instructed them
that they were to consider only the charge
of manslaughter in the second degree.

Mr. Osborne had requested the diamisaal
of the counts and also asked that the teati-
mony of two of the witnesses be disre-
garded, The two were Coster, a police-
man, who had seen an automobile speed-
ing on Pelham Parkway, and Jacob Stad-
ler, who aaid that he had narrowly escaped
being run down by a low, dark car. The
request was granted.

Rosenheimer was on the stand again
veaterday. Theres were several questions
that Mr. Osborne wished to ask him in
redirect examination. Counsel asked the
witness if he had not heen jarred in trying
to turn out of the way of the object that
came in front of him on the read. Rosen-
heimer said he had, and then his lawyer
asked him if that had not so disconcerted
him that he did not appreciate the fact
that he had collided with some vehicle,
The answer was again yes.

Then answering questions put by his
lawyer Rosenheimer said ‘that he did
not wilfully or intentionally strike the
runabout. He said that after making
the turn in the road he had a clear space
for at least 800

that at no time had
car on any part of the roadway except
the macadam in the.centre and that if
he had been on the road the chains
on his tires would havo left their mark.
He lived only a few hundred yards from a
railroad station and had made no attempr¢
to leave the place.

Gustave Swanger, who is the proprietor
of the Woodmansten Inn, testified that
on the night of August 18 Rosenheime?>
had not been at his place.

Edward FE. Roy, a chauffeur, testified
that on the night of the accident he had
narrowly missed being mun into by 4
runabout that was going from one side
to the other of Pelham Parkway not far
from where the aocident took place.

Mr. Osborne read the city ordinance
requiring automobiles to turn down their
acetylene lamps within the city limits
and asked Rovenheimer if that were noc
the reason that his lighte were low

Dr. William M. Fleishman, a veterinary

Roulant got an order for the examina- | doctor, testified that the Fedden horse
tion of Mine Held on the ground that she: was vot much hurt and that the harness
knew that her husband did not lose the | had been but little damaged

money playing roulette, and

she could testify that her hushand was, defendant.

hecause| Mrs. Arville Rosenheimer, wife of the

went on the stand. She

in financial difficulty at the time he got! simply corroborated her husband’a teeti-

the money

for her examination vacated in the lower | scene of
court on an affidavit in which she said! really there had been an aceident.

she didn’t knew what her husband di
. when he was not in her company.

‘

‘The actress had the order | mony regarding the visit to the supposed

dent in order to learn if
the acci Then

4 Sculman, who waa with Rosenbeimer in
jthe car, and Fleischer, Rosenbeimer's

9% -

a

—

ee os

_