WEATHER FORECAST.
Rain to-day; to-tnorrow fair; fresh to
moderate shifting winds.
Highest e yesterday, 52; lowest, 39.

Detalied weather reports un editorial page.

 

ner ah

VOL. LXXXVL—NO. 229.

ee

HARBOR STRIKE |
OFF 48 HOURS:
U.S. STEPS IN

Conciliator From Washing-
ton Obtains Delay for
Conference T'o-day,

BIG OFFICIALS COMING

 

 

 

 

WASHINGTON, April 16.—The
Staff made public to-day a list

 

by arms as follows:

Infantry ....
Tank Corps..........
Signal Corps........seeee0>
Artillery cdecccciccciecoece
Medical ......esccseceecees
| Engineers .....ssseeeeccece

Cavalry

Secretary Wilson and Army |
and Navy Chiefs to |
Take Hand.
{
!
|

NOT TO HALT FERRIES

Municipal Employees Promise
to Ignore Walkout Order Af-
ter Prosecution Threat.

tans 1 orn a constr tom Uy §4'd APANESE

the United States Department of La-;

bor, succeeded last night in securing | ED
& postponement of the threatened |
harbor strike for forty-eight hours | a ae eint

from 6 o'clock to-day, during which |
time he will renew his efforts to| Polk Says All Questions

Mediate th licati that have | 7
driven in'the'lnet wea t ***| in Diapute Can Be Ami-
cably Settled. |

eee sees

 

 

Air Service......0eseeuee
Quartermaster ............
OUNCE scececcacene

“a

 

Totals

 

personnel in the infantry. were 173

 

 

When Mr. Hughes reached New.
York yesterday he called up Paul!
Bonynge, counsel for the private boat |

owners, and asked when the boat own-| CRUELTY REPORT DENIED

ers could meet Secretary of Labor | z

Wiliam B. Wilson and prominent of- |
ficials of the United States army and | Position of Gen. Graves De

navy to discuss the harbor strike. He| fined—tTientsin Clash Ex
also called u dminis- |
| Gian Wee plained in Tokio.
He was told that the owners of |
craft would be glad to meet Mr. Wil- | Special Despatch to Tue BUN.
son or the other Government repre- WasHtnctoy, April 16.—Acting Sec-
sentatives any time to-day, and he|Tetaty of State Polk issued a statement
suid they would come here. f to-day that pending questions between
“If Secretary Wilson comes here and | hoe Uitee oer ave sepen Were ROvGE
with the other representatives of the © SAE UR RASA One, SHES BA SUGOREIE
- adjustment would be reached. The
Government invite us to discuss the situ- tat t referred to the pendin ues-
} ation with him we will enter the meet- pieeetes - -'s

” a tions as minor issues,
om _ Mr. Bonynge. “But if this rl One of the questions is the refusal of
I ran go over the negotiations again Major-Gen. Graves in command of the
we oe a jump off Brooklyn | American forces in Siberia to permit

Bridge. We don’t intend to treat any
. American troops to assist the Japanese
ae with Delahunty and his group. forces in recent fighting. The other
ere operating our boats without them | usstion is the clash between Americans

and if they eee fit to reject the liberal and Japanese in Tientsin. An official

offers we have the bogtmen that report of the Japanese statement on the
ends the matter for us. We are through |clash reached Washington to-day.

with. then.” During the afternoon Acting Secre-

Likewise Mr. Smith has made his posl- | tary of War Crowell issued an offictal
“on perfectly clear to the labor leaders. | denial of a published report that Gen.

; Graves had cabled that the reason he
| ata not assist the Japanese was because

The efforts to settle the dispute are the latter had killed women and chil-
being made solely by the workers. The | ren. It developed later upon investiga-

Railroad Administration and the private ‘tion that this report may have been due
boat owners are standing pat. Mr.|to the fact that porne of ee
Delahunty appealed to Peter J. Brady,|der Gen. Horvath, one o
Gov, Smith's labor representative on ie| eee eatery. had poe ee °
Reconstruction Commission, to inform | this aial have been received here, but
the Governor of the Workers’ case. Mr, | no such charges have been made against
Brady called up the boat . and!the Japanese, it was stated emphati-
suggested a conference; but he » in- | cally.
formed that the Federa! Gove’ was | U. S. Men Protect Ratlway.
taking a hand in the situation, and so Regarding the reason for Gen. Graves’s.
he wil! likely refrain from interfering! refusal to assist the Japanese at Haba-
unt] the efforts of the United States} revsk, it was learned that the American
Labor Department fall. -} commander had at ee aes th
a . i erfere in faction

Paul Vaccarelll, one Of MWe com: Flussia, oe that the forces against

mittee, sald on behalf of the ert /

‘

 

 

 

Boat Owners Stand Pat.

toward womeh.

which the Japanese intended to proceed
that Mr. Hughes brought in a general belonged to one faction of Russfans

proposition for the settlement of the! which was oppeeng angen, ae
harbor strike—that the proposition was | Graves was acting under orders to -
on behalf of the Railroad WraNiiate. | tect the railway” which runs through

; abarovsk.
tion and the private boat owners, and | abe" Japanese commander construed

that the acceptance of the proposition | his orders to mean “restoring order,” on
would mean a settlement of the entire | the theory that disorder menaced the
strike. So far as could be learned | railway. There was, however, a differ-
las: night, Mr. Hughes had no authority 1 ence of interpretation between the Amer-
‘or making any proposition, if he did / {can and Japanese officers when it came
make one. At least Mr, Bonynge and | to deciding whether the attack proposed
Mr Smith denied they had seen him. by the Japanese to put down disorder
The Marine Affiliation will meet to-| should be participated in by the Ameri-
day at 9 o'clock to hear Mr. Hughes. | cans.
Hie has no proposals from the private This did not mean that thé American
boat owners to offer, although the strike | troops sat calmly by and watched the
committee was of the opinion he would | Japanese force become annihilated, It {s
have somo plan of settlement to place} explained. (The Japanese force upon not
before the men. | receiving American ald marched off in
Franklin D. Roosevelt, Assistant Sec- | the direction of Skramrefskoe, the Amer-
retary of the Navy, upon hearing of | icans remaining behind. |
Mr. Delahunty's threat promptly said ' |
ho troopships and other army and navy Report on Tientsin Clash. |
boats would dock if it took the whole The Japanese statement on the clash
United States Navy to.do the job. And | at Tientsin follows: {
while Mr, Roosevelt was saying this, “wats p. of. on the 11th instant, three |
Joseph H. Moran, chairman of the New drunken American soldiers came into
York Tow Boat Exchange assured the | wonpict with some Japanese, which re-
families of returning soldiers that Mr, sulted in five Japanese and two Ameri
Uelahunty’s order was purely bluff, and (2 soldiers being wounded, as well as
placed at the disposal of the army and |i. chinese policemen of the Japanese
navy 100 tugs of private owners that

leoncession, and one member of the
are now beirg operated by marine work- | American Military Police. Four Amert-
ers who broke away from the union. |

were arrested and taken to
Shortly after these statements were | ca? soldiers Ht tation and upon
‘asued, Mr. Delahunty called at the| the Japanese police |
senoee ease } we aa ¢ | demand of the American authorities they
readquarters of the - a te | were immediately turned over to them,
Rorvion, <y  Mesoswar, ara ‘nt t | “Some of the American soldiers mis-
pee otieiale sans ne ” ecided . junderstood the nature of the disturbance
aT aiaeaet etl Be ~~ inaeal jbelieving that they had been assaulted

j ‘by Japanese civilians. This seems to
strike order. As a matter of fact word | ps the Amavicank and ts HAA
reached strike headquarters that the | have inflamed

jinctted them to take revenge. Irre-
crews of same of the army boats wore lpenetive of the fact that an order had!
apeingt stpixing, ‘been issued by the American command-
‘ing officer forbidding American soldiers
ito enter the Japanese concession, and in
\epite of the fact that American military
Ipolice had been placed in several places
/in the French concession not far from
" {the boundary between that concession
the marine workers go on strike.” That jand the Japanese, American soldiers
was ine enenereen: hacen stat | somehow fous their way into the Japa-
the office of the nese concession.’
Mr. Delahunty left.

Mr. Moran said:

Mr, Delahunty’s tender hearted
threat that in the new reign of terror
about to be inaugurated in this port he
will not allow any transports bearing
wounded soldiers to be docked should
sot frighten anybody. The private own-
frs now have about 100 tugs and steam

ghters In operation, They are manned
y men who take their enters om wr
r F 6 an
ee ire eter Rages Rigel gil egal ory first in the Japanese concession and
While the attitude of the Government in |afterward in the Kuang Ming Theatre,
t , from which many Japanese came unsus-
Unis controversy has not at all times) ’ a \
etommanded our unreserved approval, we |pecting that Americans were awaiting
fact that wounded . :
ane creo oe claim to recogni- “Previous to this the Japanese troops,
tion and attention. Our equipment is;informed of the misbehavior of the
entirely at thelr service, and no hard-| American troops in the Japanese con-
skip will be suffered by them as a re-|cession, and fearing danger for the

~-_eoOoOoOoOoO
Continued om Fourth Page. { Continued on Third Page.

; ra

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

No Delay for Transports.

Army and Navy transports will move
tn and out of this harbor, rain or shine,
strike or no strike. We have navy
crews in readiness to man our boats {f

Attacks on Individuals,

The report cites a number of alleged;
attacks on individual Japanese in great
deta!ll declaring that all took place in
|the Japanese concession and added:

“The Americans tneist that the dis
‘turbances started in the French conces-
sion, but actually there was no fighting
at the beginning. The fact {s that the
Japanese were unexpectedly attacked

 

 

 

Army Lost 49,010 Men Killed in Battle
or Died of Wounds During the War

Spectal Despatch to Tae Sux.”

 

action or died of wounds during the war.
included. The list of killed in action and died of wounds is classified

OFAUNANCE ccccccrcccivccsrecvssoce

and men the rate was 139.7 per thousand. The average for the entire
army was 61.2 per thousand for officers and 61.6 for officers and men.

LENINE T0 RULE.

ee

 

statistical branch of the General
of 49,010 men who were killed in
Marine casualties are not

Secret “Parliament” Held
| in Munich, With Far
Flung Representation.

OUST EBERT, FIRST AIM

Officers.
coece 1,699
oee08 10
eoecee: 9
98
68
60

Men.
41,420
72
803
1,915
698
1,260
52
67
235
220

604

eeeeee

 

Programme Called for
Strikes, Coups and Wide-
spread Terrorism.

-» 2,164

46,846
The figures show that the battle deaths among the commissioned

eee

HOPED TO GAIN EUROPE

With Germany Conquered Rad-
icals Saw Way Open to
Complete Victory.

per thousand and that for officers

 

By KARL H. von WIEGAND,
Staff Correspondent of Tun Stn.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

HUNGARY'S REDS, oi"

(secret international congress of Bol-
shevists and Communists took place in

Now! Plan to Visit Kun Shows End | Munich on March 28, According to a; President Wilson. Representatives of

document purporting to be a confi-
' dential report of the meeting which I
have seen, the purpose of the congress

| was to discuss measures and plans

ee ee ee (a extending Bolshevism throughout
TERROR IN BUDAPEST) €urope more rapidly.
| There were more than a score of
A f German delegates, according to the
Bourgeoisie, Harried on All! report, and also elght
Sides, Prepare to Flee | three Hungarians, one Austrian, three
_ Swiss, one Englishman, one French-
From Country. | man, one Italian and one Turk. Mu-
| nich was selected as the place of meet-
By J. M. JEFFRIES, ‘ing because it is more centrally sit-
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Svx from the | uated, is more easily reached and con-
London Times Service. ditions there are more favorable for
Copyright, 1919; all righte reserved. secrecy.
‘ Bupapest, April 16.—Nikolat Lenine | A plan of campaign was adopted.
has telegraphed Bela Kun, the Hun-| It was agreed that Germany is the
garian Foreign Commissary, announc- chief obstacle to the westward and
ing that he will visit Budapest at the northward sweep of communism of
Sean eae Hungarian i | the Soviet type, and the first goal set
i Gimainik oon ame Won ihc ee the overthrow of the present
nificance of this news cannot be over- | a a ce
doskehd. ‘Tha. more heen Hab eunnte with a Soviet republic. To further
congress is proof that the Rolsheviate | net ee Le eee Seabed. £0: Gal)
oe Titeer age? anad ts asian | Series of strikes and attempt a suc-
Thib-polnt ot vinw apraeat badigienes | cession of coups !n order to keep the
fied.
The coming of Lenine is further ac-
cepted in many quarters here as 4! easier a Bolshevist offensive from
sign that Moscow is dissatisfied with

| Russian against East Prussia which is
i Bolshevist, au fait Budapest, and | planned for the end of May.
that the Russian ‘leaders would like Particularly interesting is that part

the Hungarians to act literally on the/o¢ the report which purports to ‘be
advice of one of the leaders and spit @ communication from one of the
'
e the gem of the Rourgectste, ut | German radical leaders, who was In
FOOpS Of Occupation were sent imme-| 11. Government for a short time after
diately little or no opposition would be | the November revolution quoting
> , o 7 : ©
Se eniae oa ee ee lone of the leading present Ministers
y Gatiang are no . e| as saying that there are two strong
vist at heart and would be content
with a Republican Government along
social democratic lines.

to Fear of Intervention
by Allies.

 

 

 

lition Government as to future policy.

|One is very strong for an alliance)
| with Russia as a measure of defence |

Smuts Visit Not Approved.

There is a feeling that visits such as/against the Entente demands; the
that of Gen. Smuts bring no real good | other {s for a commercial and political
since they only encourage Bolshevists | raprochement with England.
and at the same time disturb the Bour-| Those in the Government who favor

geoisie by giving" rise to unfulfilled |
the latter course eged :
hopes. If there is one thing that must, murse Ste. alleged to cop

be avoided at all costs it is an unsuc-| tend that Germany for years must be

cessful counter revolution. <A certain | under the tutelage
number of the Bourgeoisie and the rich! commercially and politically of some

have given up hope and are preparing | , f
a adhe thptaaaivaa “te tke ae onde | power therefore it is best that she

tions. Members of old families are ser-| Make such a connection with Eng-
iously learning shorthand, typewriting | land. Two leaders are mentioned in

and so forth and since their names pre- ; the report as heading the two move-
clude any chance of employment in | t
Hungary they are only awalting the | TACHA: :
opening of the frontier and the conclu- but both are said to be on the German
sion of peace to earn a living abroad, | peace delegation.

Soviet rule is the antithesis of al! true | The congress is alleged to

democracy. Budapest to-day is living 7
under terror of a handful of agitators, have discussed and agreed to meas-

and protection

also

nented tf mua ane Supported by forces, ures for spreading communism in
ormidable only because their opponents | > 7 . j :
sheepishly allowed themselves to be dis- other European countries, The only

armed, Their methods of terrorization , 28surance of the authenticity of these
are none the less effective because they | statements in regard to the congress
are bloodless. Spies are ubiquitous, is that reports from the same source
jhave been always very reliable.

hitherto,
GOVERNMENT FORCE
| SURROUNDS DRESDEN

State of Siege Proclaimed—
18 Russians Arrested.

Bread Cards Menaced.

At the Soviet election now proceeding
only the proletariats are eligible as can-
didates for electors. All trustworthy de-
ductions are vitiated by the fact that
the Communists are frequently with-
holding alternative Social Democratic
candidates and are threatening the elec-
tors with loss of their bread cards if
they do not vote the official Communist
list,

One of the principal objections to the |
Bolshevist regime ts {ts lack of an am-
bitious standard of honesty regarding
public affairs, Thus Kun’s statement that !
the Government does not indulge in a Se es é
foreign propaganda is contrary to the, BERN, April 16.-—Bé riin “overnment
avowed principles of Bolshevism, ; troops and a flotilla of motor boats have

It would be interesting to know why if arrived at Dresden at the request of the

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tue BUN from the
London Times Bervice.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

| Sexo tov t A state i
the Budapest propaganda department | (So heen proclaimed aa ee sie hate
merely {8s concerned with Hungary, lctilat p : ” “
Bohm, the War Minister, made me the | %U’t

unguarded statement that they had been
supplied with forged English bank ‘notes,
Another question is that of property,
The people's commissary for finance has
issued notice to the banks to give de-
parting foreigners bank notes and other }
paper money valued at 5,000 kroner,
(normally $1,000). }

It ts inconceivable that leaders in va-
rious walks of life will consent to work |
permanently for a maximum salary of.
3,000 kroner ($600) a month, and of
that 2,000 kroner ($400) shall remain the!
maximum sum which can be withdrawn
from a bank for a whole family. Cer-
tain edicts already are proving unwork-
able, Certain others, especially those
connected with the housing problem, are
causing the greatest discontent.

The commissaries have produced as-
tounding decrees, the operative terms of
which are hidden under a mass of politi-
cal claptrap, but the gist of which {gs
that no family is entitled to three rooms,
Bourgeoisie families may collect to-
gether in the same house since ‘we are
not inclined to expose the proletariat by
giving them common dwellings with the
bourgeoisie and exposing them to the
poisonous influences of the latter.”

  
 
 

Foreign Legion Heroes
Appreciate Smoke Fund

AMERICANS or not they

shared in the smokes delivered
to the fighting men in Europe
and as they are being demobilized
they say that they do not wish to
leave the service before sending
their sincere thanks for what
THE SUN Tobacco Fund has
done for them. Read this inter-
esting and unusual letter giving
details of their future on page 11,

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors.

rd

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1919.—copyriont, 1919, dy the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

troops occupied in the interior and:
force the Government to withdraw |
jits forces in the east, thus making |

| under currents in the German coa- |

Their names are not given, |

 
 
    
       
       
     
   
    
  
      

 

 

 

 

 

~~ GERMAN CALL|

Summons to Parley Signed by
23 Nations Associated in

{
'

the War. Panis, April 16.—An agreement was
reached to-day by the associated Pow-
ers to send food to Russia under neu-
tral control, but the French represen-
tatives made several reservations
which will be considered to-morrow.
It seems likely, however, that the ob-
jections will be overcome and that the

relief work will be pressed rapidly.

TREATY STILL A SECRET
America May Accept Mandate
for Constantinople, Urged
by Britain. |

 

| The agreement stipulates that the

j By LAURENCE HILLS, Bolsheviki must cease hostilities.

j Staff Correspondent of Tue Sey. The relief work will be in charge of

Copyright, 1919; all rignts reserved a commission hedded by Dr. Fridtjof
mati. eee ‘ Jorwegian explorer. The

| Pants, April 16-—The invitation | Nansen, the Norwegian exp

other members will be citizens of
Scandinavia and Switzerland.

The revictualling plan is not ace
|ceptable to Bakhmeteff, Sazonoff,
| Lyoff and other Russians forming the
commission representing the Kolchak
and Denikine Governments, who re-
gard it as recognition of the Bolshe-

| which has gone to Germany to send |
j her peace delegates here on April 25
; Was written, it is understood, by

| the eighteen nations at war with Ger-
| many, exclusive of the Big Five, at a
imeeting to-day, called by Premier
| Clemenceau, formally gave their ap-
|proval. Thus the invitation was sent

ca name of twenty-three eg LGHON WINS

 

It ts said here that it will be virtu-
|ally impossible to fix a time mit
;on the German negotlations, but the
| indications are that one week only
| Will be allowed for reference of the
; Peace treaty to the German Assembly
jat Weimar. What will happen then
| nobody knows, so it is impossible for |
the Allies and associated Powers to |
|lay out a programme in advance.

Chamber Votes
When He Refuses Details
of Treaty.

 

| Secrecy Stil, Preserved. { earn y > ,
T AWAIT SIGNATURE

The treaty will be laid before tne | MUS
| Peace Congress {n plenary but secret
| Session, according to the present pro-} Reminds
| gramme, but {t will not be published
; until the Germans get it.

The Interesting features of the pres-
; ent situation are first the effort that
President Wilson is making now to
{emphasize that he is in accord with
Premier Clemenceau, in answer to

Deputies to-day expressed its con-

the support that the President ei fidence in the Gesisacaas on a ques-
denly has begun to receive from the ih ‘ : nits
French newspapers, and, second, the Neer enee be tie ete ri -
consideration that the President has Cateent after Foreign Minister Pichon
commenced to give to the Turkish had declined to outline the details of
question and the suggestion that he the anaes pealimninarion
Imay recommend an, American man- Neat ten ce sinned ;
date for Constantinople. Some of his ak dnunlaatin mean the morne
closest advisers belleve that this is . &

ing sittings of the Chamber, where
the greatest chance ever offered for
= electoral reform was under discussion,
America to show the world her ef-

ras t on by D Lebey,
ficleney without expense to herself, was broken by Deputy Andrey Lebey
representing Seine et Oise, who, see-
the problem involving /only the use ing that M. Pichon, the Foreign Min-
of a forceful man Ike Herbert Hoover en fae : :
to act as the Lord Cromer of Turkey.
| Urged by the British.

House Clemenceau
Had Warned Concessions
Would Be Necessary.

until the

ly

 

on what day he would accept an in-
terpellation on the conditions upon
which the Government would make
known the terms of peace to Parlia-

The British are urging the plan,
as they do not want the French to
get the mandate, and the Americans | ment.
now are showing greater inclination M. Pichon replied that he was willing
for the Constantinople than for the} to pe interpellated immediately, but that
Armenia mandate: he refused to give any details of the

The situation as between President | peace preliminaries. These, the Min-
Wilson and Premier Clemenceau is| !ster added, would be submitted for rati-
very interesting. The President is| {cation by Parllament as soon as signed.
represented as taking greatysatisfac-|He then asked that the matter be
‘tion that he has stuck to the fourteen ; 270?Ped. making it a question of confi-

dence in the Government. The House,
points, but still has been able to sat- after some heated peaches, supported
isfy France. The greatest cordiality Al -Pichoniby. ai vote of aad ta dea,
now prevails. But regarding the} 4: the demand of the Socialist a vote
real cause for this, the definite assur- | for closure of the debate was taken by
ance that President Wilson has given:a personal vote and closure was car-
to France that the United States will | ried 212 against 102, showing that some
aid her if she should be attacked, the} 150 deputies abstained from voting.
President's spokesmen are pledged to M. Pichon during his address pointed
‘absolute silence. It is the great mys-|out that to submit the peace prelimin-
‘tery of the conference. }aries to Parliament before the signature
: loft the treaty would be unconstitutional,
that it would be substituting legislative
for executive power. Thereupon Jean
Bon, Socialist, interjected that the Ger-
man Government at Welmar would
know the terms before the French Cham-
ber of Deputies, Later the same aeputy
shouted that Premier Clemenceau had
betrayed the country.

M. Pichon reminded the House before
voting that the Government deserved
well of the country.

A demand for a secret sitting of the
Chamber was rejected by a vote of 341
to 158. In adopting the order of the
day the Chamber voted confidence in
the Clemeanceau ministry, 360 to 126.

 

Covered by Peace Treaty.

{ Apparently the engagement made
by the President, over which Premier
Clemenceau has expressed to his
friends such satisfaction, is based on
these lines: That the United States
for the first time has become a signa-
tory to a treaty which creates new
| boundaries and new conditions in Eu-
|rope; that the ratification of this
| treaty by America will make it the
law there, the enforcement of which
is the duty of the executive; and that
‘the United States can be counted upon
always to see that treaties to which

 

 

|
.it is a party are enforced, the execu- RUMORED DEAL WITH | leash. the Haminacers

tive power employing any means re-
j quired for this purpose.
Eighteen, Russians were among those |

Continued on Third Page,

BOLSHEVIKI DENIED

U. §, Capitalists Not Involved,
Says Mission.

Special Wireless Despatch to Tue Bun.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

Paris, April 16.—The American Em-
bassy in Paris denies reports published
here that American ospital, acting
through neutrals, has made an important
deal with Bolshevists of Russia. The
Paris newspapers, notably the Tempa,
have been hinting at this for several
days,

 

Only the vaguest hints are obtain-
uble in American circles as to the
form of assurances which may have
been given and which seem to have
caused such a profound change in the
French attitude. A point still unde-
cided seems to be whether or not
France, Great Britain and the United
States are to bind themselves in the
treaty itself to insure the enforce-
ment of its terms, This is favored
by the French; also it would bring
the matter before the American Sen-
ate and comply with constitutional

eans referred to are from the Pacific
requirements.

: ft coast. Business men here profess tg-
Suggestions of a mere gentle- | norance of the matter. According to

men's agreement,” so far as thejtne reports the concession is for a ratl-
United States would be bound, natur- | road about 2,900 miles long from Soroka,
ally are preposterous. The Pres}- [on the Petrograd-Murmansk line, to the
. f the Obi an rt! vers.
dent, it is pointed out by many, as confluence 0 @ Ob! and irtish rivers

An important forest concession is said
, the executive possibly could assure|to be included, and it {s reported also

 

 

Continued on Becond Page. Ushod in

By the Associated Press.

Paris, April 16.—The Chamber of |
\f
|
|

The Paris report has it that the Amert-|

 

 

SSF ————eeeeeee——e—e—eeeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooo——=

 

 

 

BY 334 70 166) AT PEACE PACT

Confidence} “No German Government Can

\BERLIN WRITHE

ister, was present asked the Minister! Clares France “forgets that instead of

 

 

 

|
|
|
j
|
'
{
!
|
}

|

that American banks are to be eetab | omicial Russian
Russia. bere

  

PRICE TWO CENTS. |

 

 

REDS’ CONGRESS'LLOYD GEORGE PLEDGES JUST PEACE;
DECREES WORLD ATTACKS NORTHCLIFFE IN COMMONS; —
RULEOF TERROR ~=FRENCH DEPUTIES UPHOLD MINISTRY —

) RUSSIA WILL GET FOOD IF
WILSON WROTE REDS CEASE HOSTILITIES

Allies Reach Agreement to Send Supplies Under Neu-
tral Control—Political Objections Weaken Before |
Desire Not to Send More Troops Into Country.

Germany Must Pay Full In
demnities, Premier
Tells House,

[NO PEACE WITH REDS

‘England Will Not Recog-
nize Lenine or Intervene
in Russia.

vik Government and as giving the
Bolsheviki authority to spend money
from the Russian treasury. But the
members of the council took the posi-
tion that the better class in Russia,
who are being starved by the Bolshe-
viki, must not be allowed to die, as

 

ANSWERS HIS

ey

Declares Northcliffe Is Soured
by Failure to Rule Su-
preme Council,

CRITICS

 

they are necessary for the regenera-
tion of that country.

The various political objections to
sending food to Petrograd and Mos-
cow gradually have been weakening
recently, and the members of the Su-
preme Economic Council take the po-
sition that the millions of Russians
about to starve must be fed on humane
grounds regardless of political consid-
erations. This position has been
strengthened by the general indisposi-
tion of the Entente Powers and the
United States to send more troops into
Russia.

*

 

Specia! Wireless Despatch to Tan Gute
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved,

Lonpon, April 16.—Premier Lloyd
George to-day defended his course at
the Paris Peace Conference in a
speech in the House of Commons
which for forcefulness he has seldom
equalled, even during the most thrill«
ing days of the war. Plunging di-
rectly into the heart of his subject he
assured the Commons and the people
that Germany would be compelled to
pay indemnities through the opera-
tion of a just but stern peace.

The Premier declared that the Al-
lies never would consider a peace
with Nikolai Lenine, for Russia hag
no representative government, nor
will Great Britain be asked to bank
rupt herself to carry out forceful in-
tervention. He added that there was
great hope that Russia would save
herself. As regards the former
Kaiser he reaffirmed his pledge to
bring the culprit to justice.

During the delivery of the speech
th- House of Commons was crowded
to its limit, the Prince of Wales be-
ing one of the most interested spec-
tators, leaning over the gallery above
the Prime Minister. The most {n-
tense interest was shown by every
member during his exposure of the
machinatioas of Lord Northcliffe
through his chain of newspapers. He
seized the éccasion of an historic mo-
ment to defy the most powerful or-

 

Sign Such Terms,” Says
“Vorwaerts.”

PRESS ATTACKS WILSON

 

Lichnowsky, Urging Treaty’s
Rejection, Says “Nobody Can
Renew War Against Us.”

By the Associated Press.
Berurx, April 15 (delayed).—The
special committee on peace negotia-
tions named by the German Nativnal

mbly at Weimar will include) ganization of newspapers in Great

esident Fehrenbach and the three tain to press his charges against
vice-presidents of the Assembly. Northeliffe.

The other members will be twenty- This great newspaper owner, he

eight delegates to the Assembly rep- | declared, was laboring under a keen
resenting all parties and including | sense of disappointment over his fall-
two women Socialists. ure. He bad deluded himself with

Semi-official French announcements | the belief that he was the man who
of the conditions to be laid down in;had won the war and therefore he
the treaty of peace are denounced by i awaited the clamor of the multitude
the German press. Prince Lichnow-!to direct the destinies of the world’s
sky in an article in the Tageblatt de- | Premiers, but he waited in vain. The
| Prime Minister's description of Lord
| Northeliffe’s attitude shocked some of
his hearers, but before he had fine
ished most of them were ready to
give him their support.

 

leading to disarmament an unjustly
extorted peace will bring forth only
fresh armaments, throwing into the
shade all former armaments because
&@ mailed fist peace can be maintained seiaeesias

only by the mailed fist." 7 me
Declaring that a peace of viotence | ALLIES IN ACCORD,

 

 

must be absolutely rejected, he con- | PREMIER DECLARES
cludes: “Nobody can recommence the | eres
war against us. Neither can we be

Non-Recognition of Bolshev-
ism Is Applauded. '

starved out without the common enemy,
Communism and Terrorism, throwing all
mankind back tnto its primitive state.”
“No German Government can sign
such terms,” the Vorwaerts declares:
“The Entente statesmen must themselves

 

 

By the Associated Press
Lonpon, April 16.—LEvery member of
the House of Commons wag in his seat
to-day when Premier Lloyd George made

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

 

   

 

settle with the inhabitants of the Saar ie puotees, ee Danie, bantaihe
° eace 0) € ce ‘ §, anc -
Valley, who are thoroughly German, and ing a report of the deliberations of that
they may find that the sums proposed |body. The Premier appeared fresh and
as indemnity cannot be extracted, even| buoyant in spirits and paused at timea
{f the last sheet is taken from our beds.” | “en he entered the chamber to make
Tr Viobainuat — on a humorous sallies with the members,
le Lonalanzeiger says: “Oo more In the main the mood of the Premier
shameless mockery of President Wilson's during his address was serious, in cons
‘fourteen points’ can be imagined than|formity with the weight ibjects dis-
the proposed solution of tho eastern|Cussed and his audience listened with
estion,” profound attention to his lengthy speech,
qu ne which lasted for more than an hour and
“The solution of the Saar question! a half.
which is proposed means the covering of | The Laborites vigorously applauded
naked annexation with a fig leaf,” says | the Premier's announcement of Beas
the Boersen Courter. “Mr. Wilson eeeme | rvention tn Russia and HEH =reoosn tion
jof Bolshevism but emained — silent
to have approved of a plan that would] while the Conservatives cheered the
be the most tremendous political defeat! statement that the Allies would continue
he could experience.” to ald friendly elements which were
nseusiaesesiouaiasictastiibiieesambesiee fighting Bolshevism
' At the conclusion of the Premier's
TO HOLD RHINE 15 YEARS, speech, when members and those in the
—_—_-—-~— | galleries were pouring out tn quest of
Interallied Troops to Be With-! belated luncheons, William Adamson
z jleader of the Labor opposition tn the
drawn Gradually, | Llouse, rose and characterized the speech
Paris, April 16.—The Council of Four{of the Prinie Minister as oquent, but
decided definitely yesterday that milf- ] net entirely satisfactory. Mr. Adamson’'s
tary occupation of the left bank of |° ene su ee up the een of
> others among § auditors and numerous
the Rhine shall continue for fifteen | o), ments among the publi whom the
Say. At first) newspapers for the last few davs had
interallied forces would be used, but! mared for illuminating rev 18 fn

 

     
 

  

   

they would be withdrawn progressively |‘! shee h concerning the peace terms
in proportion as Germany met. her! formulated
financial obligations and be replaced by] Feed Bolshevism to Death,
French and Belgian soldiers. 1 At
, Interest in the ¢ ily declined,
The Journal says that the Central! the member flo g 16 lobbies te
Territorial Commission of the Peace! dis p72 Premie John R,
Conference has decided the Teschen, ('!) Labor member and former Food
a eclar hat it wou! eo -
problem in favor of Bohemia as against! Mi"! declared that would be bet
ter to kill Bolshevism by feeding than
Poland, \erhting 0 mplat the
by fighting He complatr that it
STE {would be humiliating to rece news

rmany, and
yd George would

peace terms fram Ge

EXECUTIONS STOP

jo the
aid that apparently Lic

  

 

 

PLOT IN ARCHANGEL come to Parliament for a vote ef confi-
jdence after the settlement of terms in
ers whieh Parhar t had no part

Garrison Was to Be Delivered soll, #188 erelock a member called ate

ops ention to the absence of a quorum,

to Bolsheviki. Miia dooha are Goaned bai inctecntes

ee the members entering to make a quorum

By the Assoctated Press many of those present walked out, and

AKCHANGEL, April 16,—Seventeen | the House was counted out, standing ad-

persons have been executed on charges} journed for the Easter recess untll
of espionage, conspiracy and treason as; April vo

a result of the discovery late in March | Barly in his speech the Premier said

of an organization in Archangel which/that the allied representatives {n Parla

Flanned to deliver the town and garrison|had arrived at a complete understand

to the Bolsheviki, it is announced in the|ing on the great fundamental questions

which would affect peace with Germany,

mewspaper published

The Allies had formulated their de
, -

? ‘

 

le a

PS EE

SS Ee

er