oo
VOL, LXVIL—NO, 237.

—_—o

QUAY BEATEN BY ONE VOTE

AND THAT VOTE CAST BY VEST,
HIS WARM PERSONAL FRIEND.

 

 

The Sonate Decides by 33 to 32 That He Is
Not Entitled toa Seat-Result to Doubt
Cntil Vest, in Spite of a Last Appeal From
Quay, Voted Against Him From a Sense
of Duty—A Dramatic Scene im the
Senate Is Qaay's Political Career Over?

WasHinoton, April 24.—A dramatioscene was
enacted inthe United States Senate ohamber
to-day whan it was decided by a majority of one
vote out of a total membership of elghty-seven
that Matthew Stanley Quay was not entitled to
aseat as @ Senator from Pennsylvania on a
certificate of appointment by Gov. Stone
The vote that turned the scale and that
may possibly end the public career of
the once all-powerful politician was cast
by a oman who, although opposed
hun n polities, was for years and {s yet his
personal friend. The man who cast this

 

wor

yes Senator George Graham Vest of Mis-
gor And yet there will probably be no
charge of ingratitude or false friendship

brought against the Missourian, for the pain
that his vote caused to Qnay is nothing 4s corn-
pared to the painit caused Vest to castit. Few
know what he passed through in the conflict
between duty and desire, but when the facis
ure known it will be recognized that Vest’s vote
wi eof principle alone

i yay be said that the Missouri Senator's
vole Wie no more important than that of any
other Senator, and that it was not, therefore,
the »thatlost the day to Quay. But this |
ressoning is unsound, because when the hour |
of 4 o'clock arrived and the roll call was or-
dered, Vest's vote was the only onein actual
doubt. It was known that Mr. Hanna had
been working against Quay all the session; that
Aldrich, who opposed hia admission, would be
absent and unpaired beeduse he was on record
iy favor of the Governor's right to appoint;
that Beveridge and Clark of Montana would
t
V

and that Pettigrew
dnotvorentall, Ithad all settled down

i question of what Vest would do, The op-
1 n had all along conceded his vote to |
Quay because of the well-known warin, per-
sonal friendship that had existed for many
years between the Senator from Pennsylvania
aid the Senator trom Missouri. But the Quay
men knew that the Missouri Senator had dur-
ing all his publie life contended against the
proposition now set up by Quay, and as they
iad not been able to extract from him a,
promise to vote with therm they appreciated
the danger which they faced. And they had
reason to lear

Vest crime into the chamber just before the
roll was called, and as his small form, wasted
by months of illness and pain, sank into the big
armchair until only his fine gray head was viai-
ble he covered his face with a hand like that of
askeleton and appeared as {if lost in reverie, |
He clutehed in his bony fingers a paper, the
character of which none but a few friends of
Quay understood It was an appeal from his
long-time chum to aid a friend in need and vote |
for the resolution to seat him and (hus save him
from political ruin, Withone hand Vest trem-
blingly held the note while the other covered his
cloved eyes, When his name was cailed on the |
first roll call he wearily looked up and in a
broken voice said "No," and the Quay
realized that they had lost.

What it cost Vest tosay that word perhaps
no man willever know, The Senatorain charge
of Mr. Quay’'s canvass do not complain, except
tosay that he might have been true to his
friendship without doing violence to his con-
eclence had his blood been as warm and his
pulse asstrongasinthe days of his physical
strength, but they are, asarule, willing to ac-
cept the argument that he wasactuated strictly
bya high sense of puble duty

It is the universal opinion of Senators on both
tides of the chamber that Quay was at least a
dozen votes stronger than any other man would
have been with the same case, The Senate
went on record against the right of a Governor |
to appoint a Senator after the Legislature had
failed to do so in the case of Corbett of Oregon, |
but several of Quay's personal friends in the
Senate strained a point in his favor, notably
some of those on the Democratic side of
thechamber, AsoneSenator putit to-day, had
Quay's political enemy, John Wanamaker,
knocked at the door of the Senate to-day with
the credentials held by Quay, it would have
been cosed to lim with none of the courtesy
shown to Goy. Stone’s appointee, ee

\hatever may be said of the result, Quay’s |
friends made a gallant fight anda desperate |

one The political leaders of the Republican
tle, Hanna and Aldrich, were opposed to him,
aud Quay had also f precedent in the Corbett
case to contend against, a case in which both
tuay and his colleague, Penrose, voted against
!

sent unpaired

 

men

When the tine for voting came |

se applicant
»day they nad taken every possible pres |
caution against defeat) Atarmidnight caucus

 

lust night they had made their last poll and
hound far as they could learn the

that so
Voie would be a tie, except for that of
Vest, of whose decision none, not even
Qua could speak They were con-
fronted with the knowledge that. Hauna,

who, they had hoped, would content himsel!
With being absent without a pair, had arranged
to off the vote of Depew, who favored Quay

   
 

[hoy learned that Pettigrew would not vote at |
4 d that MeCumber of North Dakota woud
\ speak against Quay althougi be had
Witten to Senator Penrose a few days ago |

€\ving authority to pair him for Quay, They
learned that Kean of New Jersey could not be
Coutrolled by his colleague, Mr. Seweil, and
that the vote of the New versey Senators would
this be divided. They learned, in fact, that
a only one chance and they did not
it they had lost that until the “V's”

ved in the roll calt

! \s seldom that such excitement, none the
less keen because suppressed, surrounds a vote
{i the Senate. During the early hours of the

x

 

 
   

Were rea

‘ere being made, the galleries began to fill un-
a! 4 o clock there was no more room and
crowds that kept coming were lined in
rridors outside the gallery doors, In-
there were several hundred  perspi-
fen and women, the day being un-
t yerta; and row after row of @oy
shirt waists and waving fans re-
ho midsummer dars of 1893 when the
© \asatrug@ling with the financial gues-
Hvown on the floor the eagerness and ex-
eot were leas noticeable but the tension
wreater Every one feltthat a battle royal
Wee onand that the result would be in doubt |
ithe lastinoment. Incornersandin cloak-
{8 Senators were discussing the situation
Vimany sat at their desks making a poll ona
uy sheet, Clark of Montana, who is 80 s00n
weet the fate that oyertook the Pennsyl-
an to-day, wasin and about the chamber
‘elt Juat before the roll call wag begun
deed was done when {t was done with a

t

ring

 

 

v42zr>ertc

Furorising raptdity that betokened the anxiety
ol everybody toescape the strain The hands
7 se clock had scarcely reached the figure

een the President pro tempore, Senator
Erye, ‘lmost startled his colleagues and his big

‘Slenee by bringing dowa the gavel witha
» Tap and announcing that, under the
‘nous Agreement, the resolution in the
sui case would be voted on, With no prelim-
‘ines and inamannoranything but Senatorial
\4'8 abruptness, the business was proceeded
_ lhe four men who have had active charge of
cus campalen sat in a groupin the left hand
let of the Republican si On. the front
row'sat the phiegmatic but determined Pen-
hive of Pennsylvania, flanked by the wily
val, Carter of Montana and Chandler of
‘ew Hampshire, who as chairman of the Com-
‘tee on Privileges and Eigctions brought in
nority report in Quay’s favor, and who

‘day tor purposes of his own, which. how-
vellintended they may have been, did no
 Wuay’s cause, filed the unantmous re-

, ‘he committee recommending the un-
une of Clark of Montana. Back of thes
‘ere sat the man who has been most loyal o

—_—

  

 

(

 

  

!

v
«
bort of the
6
u

 

Reautiful, Swift and Sure.

 

 

ile Royal Limited,’ exquisite in all appoint
nO ‘aves New York, South Ferry and Peet of |
py treet dally 3 P.M. arrives Washington & |
Ros bie 44 d Dining and Cafe Car pr iriee. |
ie hae a rains for Washington leave South Ferr
Bese 30 A.M. 1, 1:80, 3 ‘Roy at Limited), 49%, {
10,1 M. and 12:10 night. Leave Liberty street 4,
Mi day AM. 1. 1:30,.3 (Regal
ood 12:15 night.—Ade.

 

| not entitled to the seat, and

j bua

appointed by
the resultin the Senate, butit was one of the
fortunes of war i
terfere with the plans forelecting Mr. ¢
the Senate and that he would certainly bea
candidate before the Legislature which would

Limited), 5,6 Pe e7 3 9.20PM,

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25

 

 

—

all to Quay and largely to whoee efforts it
is du t he was not ca pooner
re signally olen of Colorado,
elaafighter who always fights a the open
dwhen the decision Was announ to-da
only expressed desire was for prompt ade
uromen Whee the rol] call began Woloott,
‘arter and Chandler each tab ong gave

indioation by their manner 7? at th 0
would be unul Vost's name w el
eotedly,

show hi

hen Wolcott shook his head
Just a litde, but enough to
Claanpoini ment He gave up hope then and
sibly the others did also; byt Carter an
handler kept their eyes glued to the tally
sheets and when the last name had been
reaohed the latter demanded the reading of th
names @ second UUme. Penrose got up an
spoke to Woloott, then sat down again with his

Customary stolid look and did not speak again
until he reached the privacy of his committee

m
The canvass of the vote had been so complete
that the vote of Mr. Vest was the only one that
caused real surprise although it was not gener.
aly known that Pettigrew would allow bia vot
tobe wasted When the result was announce

a sigh of relief went up that waa like
the sound of a night wind and when
this was followed by a burst of ap
plause in the galleries Senator Hale was

romptly on his feet, alinost angrily demand-
ng that the rule against manifestations of ap-
proval or disapproval be enforced. Whether
he audience was for or against Quay was hard
to determine, but judging from tha applause
itis probable that the verdict of the Senate
was & popular one

Opinions differ as to whether the action of
the Senate to-day will break down Quay's
power in Pennsylvania and retire him per-
manently to private lifteor whether he will be
elected by the new Legislature and retasten his
hold upon the Republican organization in the
State. There is little doubt, however, that the
Republicans in the Senate aa a@ rule believe
the party throughout the country will lose
nothing by his defeat as more than one
Republican Senator who to-day voted to seat
Quay expressed the belie that popular senti-
ment has long been setung strongly against
him. The action of Senator Hanna ia especially
significant. During the earlier stages of the
contest he sought by every means in his power
to prevent the case from being brought to a
vote, Failing in that he aided in the move-
iment to defeat Quay and although he disliked
being brought to the point of voting
against him he did vote so when it became neo-
essary and in arranging lis pair he explained
that he thouwht it bad politics to seat Mr, Quay
aa he did not as a Republican approve of bis pos
litfeal methods. Pennsylvanta Republicans say
that Quay's defeat means the loss of severu
Kepublican Congressmen and perhaps the Srate,
but this is not the general opinion among poll-
ticians here

Lhe vote aguinst seating Quay was 33 to 32
The Senate firet voted on Mr. Chandler's
amendment to strike the word not’ out of the
resolution declaring Mr Quay not entitled to
the seat. Theamendmentwas defeated; yeas,
82, naya, 88, ag follows (Republicans in Koman,
Democrate in ttalics, Populista, Silver Republi
cans, Independents and Fusionists {n smail
ear itals);

Yeas—Allison, Baker, Carter, Chandler, Clark of
Wyoming, Cullom, Danial, Davis, Deboe, Foraker
Prye, Gear, Hansbrough, JONES of Nevad
McComas, McLaurin, Mason, Morgan, Nelson, Pen
rose, Perkins, Platt of New York, Scott, Sewe.!,
Shoup, Spooner, STRWART, Suliitan, Taliaferro,
Warren, Wetmore and Woleott-32

Nays—Allen, Bacon, Bard, Date, Derry, Burrows,

 
  

BUTLER, Clay, Cockrell, Culberson, Hale, HARRIS,
Hawley, JLEITFELD. Jones of Awan as; Lindsay,
MeBride, McCumber, McK nery, MeMillan, Martin,

Money, Platt of Connecticut, Proctor, Quarles, Ross,
Stmon, TELLER, Tiliman, Turley, TURNER, Vest
and Wellington—33.

After the vote was announc
asked that the lst bo again read in order to
have the vote verified, and that very unusual
course bd taken. The vote was then taken
on the original resolution declaring Mr Quay
the resolution
was agreed to. Yeas, 33, nays, 52, the
sume vote as the first, only reversed
Mr. Depew, who was on the side of Mr Quay,
was paired with Mr. Hanna ot Olio, who was
against him. The other New York Senator, Mr
Platt, voted on the Quay side The two Massa-
chusetts Senators, Lode and Hoar, were paired
on the Quay alde agatnat Mr. Thurston (Rep,
Neb) and Mr, Pettus (Dem, Ala )

Andso the Stateof Pennsylvania will have
but one Senator, Mr Penrose, until the Legis-

1 Mr, Chandler

 

 

 

' larmre shall have met and elected some one to

fill the vacanoy
QUAY JOLLIFICATION TURNS TO GLOOM

HARRISBURG, Pa, April2s. When the news
was flashed over the wire this afternoon a few
minutes after 4o’clock that Quay had lost his
fight in Washington by one vote, the crowd
that is here to attend the Republican State
Convention was plunged into gloom. Only a
minute before the news had come that he had

 

    

 

| Leeuw Kop.

| Wepener, a distance of seventy miles

won by a vote, and the bands were playing and |
the crowds cheering when the truth cate asa |

sudden check to the glorification, Never before
fn the histéry of this convention town waa a
spontaneous outburst of enthusiasm #0 soon
quelled as on this occasion [he impression
among the State leaders and those who a
close touch with the situation is that the res
in the Senate to-day was the outeome of bad
faith on the part of those who are supposed to
have been friendly to Quay until the last
minute

Gov Stone said to-night that he was disap-
pointed in the vote in the Senate and that he
still believed that the Federal Constitution emi
powered him to make the appointment. te re-
grets that the votein theSenate was not wholly
upon Constitutional grounds He gave his be-
lief that the predominate sentiment of the State
sustains the appointment and that the action of
the Senate to-day will help Senator Quay's
reclecucon to the Senate

Attorney-General Elkin aaid the defeat in the
Senate did not dishearten the friends of Quay
and the Republican organization in Pennsviva-
He concluded by saying that the friends
of Senator Quay would organize both branches
of the next Legislature and elect him to the
United States Senate in January next

Opponents of Senator Quay, including Sen-
ator Flinn of Pittsburg, take the view that this
ends tho political career of Quay and they say
he oannot poselbly be reclected, They say
there will be seventy-five anti-Quay men inthe
next Legislature

HANNA PLEASED WITH QUAY'S REJECTION,

Cotumers, Ohfo, April 24--Senator Hanna

  

was partioularly pleased with the action of the
Senate in deciding against Senator Quay to-day
and says that if he had heen In Washington ho
would have voted against him on Constitu-
tional grounds,

 

QUAY MAKES NO COMPLAINT.

Mach Disappointed by the Senate Vote—Pen-

rose Says He Will Ran Again,

Wasninaron, April 24.—Ex-Senator Quay

| said to-night that he was much disappointed at
the vote of the Senate to-day in his case.
said that he would not go to the Repub-
lican
row
to Florida. When asked if he was disappointed
by Senator Hanna's position in the case Mr
Quay said that the Ohio Senator had madeno
n, while the speeches for and against yuey pledges to him or to his friends and that he

| was certainly at liberty to vote as ho pleased.
He
of Senator Vest who had made no pledges and

he had not
him

Re

to-mor-
might go

Harrisburg
He

convention at
and had no. plans.

said that the same thing was true

the slightest resentment toward
When asked if he thought the President

had taken any partin the fight against him,

Mr. Quay sald that he had no reason to think

fO an
{t, Mr. Quay said that he was taking the Sen-
ate’s action philosophically and was not mak-

ing

d he certainly was not charging bim with

any complaints or charges
Senator Penrose said that he was greatly dis-
Senator Hanna's action and by

He said that it would not in-
Juay to

meet next winter

JAPS COMING BY THE THOUSAND.

Many Paupers and Contract Laborers Jamp-
ing the Canadian Border.

Vancorver, B. (., April 2s. United States
Immigration Agent Healy of British Columbia

says 5,000 Japanese immigrants have urrived in

  

British Columbia, 6,000 are on the way and
25,000 more will pr take powere before
the end of the suna Mr fealy save the
Canadian and tn Stites governments
should take Joint action ato 1, asthe Jupanesa

 

are evading the laws by walking over the 150
miles of unprotected border between Blaineand
Beattle, paupers, contract laborers and all, and
there is no machinery to prevent this w iolesnla

boundary jumping. Seattle and Puget Sound
are being overran with the Japs, who are glut
ting the luaborimarket, and Mr. lbealy says that,

 

   

owing to the flavt infractio unilgration
lawa, friction is bound to arise between the
Canadian and American governments

Memorial From “rs, Bagley to Her Son,

PorTLAND, Me, April 24 -Mra_ Bagley,
mother of Ensign Worth Bagley, will contribute
a memorial tablet to the torpedo boat Bagley,
now building at the Bath [ron Works

Last Train for St. Louls

4 Cincinnati leaves Grand Central Station every
any via New York Central-Big Four

 

.-—- Ade.

ut |

2 ae

 

 

 

RELIEF CLOSE TO WEPENER,

BRABANT'S FORCE ONLY EIGHT
MILES TO THE SOUTH.

 

Bellographs to Col, Dalgetty and Gets a
Cheery Reply—British Take Bloemfontein
Waterworks and Seise an Important
Bridge — Mafeking Garrison in Deepaty

Special Cadle Despatches to THS Sun,

Lonpon, April 24.—The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Gen. Rob-
erts:

“BLOEMFONTRIN, April 28.—Brabant and Hart
yesterday turned the position occupied by the
enemy, who tried to prevent them from moving
northward, They got in hellographio commu-
nication with Dalgetty, who reported all well.”

The despatoh then gives details of the losses
of the relieving foroe, which were thirteen
wounded and one missing, after which it says:

“At 1 P.M. yesterday Brabant and Hart
were about eight miles south of Wepener.
The Bleventh Division and French's two brig-
ades of cavalry reached Tweedegeluk yester-
day afternoon without serious opposition and
established heliographio communication with
Rundle,

“The .nounted infantry under Jan Hamilton
occupied the waterworks at Sannas Post yee-
terday. As tho enemy ia holding the nelghbor-
ing hillsinsome strength the Ninth Division,
consisting of Smith-Dorrien’s and McDonald's
brigades, has been despatched to support Ham-
{lton.

“Maxwell's brigade of the Seventh Division
yesterday moved eastward and seized the hile
covering the wagon bridge across the Modder
River at Kranz Kraal. This {a an important
communication and has been much used by the
Boers during the last three weeks. Our only
casualty was one prisoner.”

Gen. Rundle's force still occupies its position
near Dewetadorp.

The War Office has issued the following list of
casualties at Wepener from April® to April 18:
OMcera, 8 killed and 13 wounded; men, 18 killed
and 89 wounded.

The corps under Col, Aldorson, including the
First andSecond Canadian Mounted Rifles and |

Strathcona’s Horse, shared in this attack on
They were fired on heavily on
approaching a house from which @ white flag
was flying. Later on the Fighty-fifth Battery

shelled the house. The occupation of Leeuw |

Kop opens up twelve miles of level country to
the front.

Lonpon, April 25. Gen. Roberts's oficial
despatch to the War Office tells all the essentials
of the present progress of the British oper-

ations alming to defeat and possibly cap-
ture the Boer forces in the south-
eastern part of tho Orange Free State
The correspondents relate tho move
ments at much length, but the develop-
ments are not yet sufficiently advanced

to make their reports worth transmitting io
detail. It is clear that the operations are on 4
great scale. The army is being deployed on a
long front, extending from
The
fighting, however, has been practically confined
to long-range artillery and picket firing
According to the latest reports, the Boers still
have ample room in which to move northward,
notwithstanding the seizure of the wagon
bridge spanning the Modder River at Kranz
Kraal, if they so elect, and join forces with

thoue at Brandfert end Kroonstad, as they |

appear to hold strongly all the country from
Sanvas Post to Basutoland, including Thaba
N‘Chu end Ladybrand

The Stundard’s correspondent at Bloemfon-
tein says that the ouly damage done by the

Boers at the waterworks is the removal of the |

sliding valves of the pumping engines

A despatch from Maseru, Basutoland, reports
that the Boers on Tuesday morning made a
severe attack on Col, Dalgetty’s northern posi-
tion, facing the Bokport ridge
four guns in position and under their fire ad-
vanced with great determination. They were
checked, however, by the fire of the garrison.
They then recoiled and extended across the
flat country, where they maintained a long-
range fire for hours.

A despatch from Pretoria gives the official
Boer version of the attack on Gen. Methuen's
convoy near Boshof on Saturday, The
engagement {s described as a heavy one

‘he burghers, under Assistant Fighting
Gen. Confe, drove the British from
kop to kop, their victory being followed bya
spirited pursuit. The announcement of the
vietory concludes: “With the Lord by their side
the burghers displayed stupendous courage and
resolution,”

The jatest news from Mafeking is dated April
9. Itrecords the deep depression of the gar-
rison’s epirits owing to reports that Gen
Methuen had eustatned a reverse at Fourteen
Streams. A generalimpresston existed doubt-
ing the sincerity of the endeavor to as-
sist the town. The signs of the siege
continuing until the end may be producing
strong reactionary effeots. The bombardinent
continued, though the despatch does not indi-
cate that it was any more severe or more diaas-
trous than formerly. The bread eaten in the
town, being made entirely of oats and full of
husks, is causing much illness. There are many
cases of nervous prostration and malarial
typhoid

The Daily News's Lorenzo Marques cor-
respondent sends a version of the return to
that place from Pretoria of Dr. MacNamara of
the Boer ambulance from Chicago. He says
that “the American ambulance returned Satur-
day night on its way to New York, not being
satifled with its treatment.”

The same correspondent transmits a rumor
that Gen. Lucas Meyer, the Boer commander,
has been killed, and asserts that Jones, the nan
who killed Edgar in the notorious Johannes-
burg affair, was himself killed in the fighting
at Modder Spruit

Advices have been received from Cape Town
to the effect that the Transvaal Government
{ntends to try twenty-five colonial prisoners
on the charge of treason

MASSING TO SAVE THEIR WHEAT.

Object of Operations tn the Direction of Thaba
N’Oha,.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

From THe Svuw's Correspondent with Lord Roberts.

BLOEMrONTEIN, April 24, 0.20 P. M.—Gen,
Smith-Dorrien’s entrance {nto Waterval yes-
terday was made after a long-range ar-
tillery resistance Gen. MacDonald left
Bloemfontein at night and has reached Klip
Kraal. The enemy in that vicinity with-
crew in the direction of Waterval, Later all the
Boers retired to Join the other burghers at
Jeeuw Kop, In the direction of Thaba N’Chu,
where itis evident the enemy, who arein great
foree, are determined to hold the Ladybrand
wheat country

Tho British transport was a success Tha
weather {sa perfect. The country around
Waterval is deserted, but Boers are sutping
along the river
Sipe cae ncn =

 

Canadians on the Death List,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LonpoN, April 24 --A statement issued by the
War Office shows that among the men who have
died from enterio fever at Dloemfontein are
Sergt. A. Beattle dnd Privates R. Harrison, G,
Adams, Burphy and Blight, all of whom be-

longed to the Canadian contingent.

The Verdict of Popular Judgment

fs that the Pennsylvania Rallroad, In the compre
hensiveness of its facilities, the perfection of its ser-
vive aod the accuracy of its operauon is withoys

peer. Ade

 

Karee Siding to |

They placed |

 

————

| GEN, POLB-CAREW'S MARCH,

 

Artillery Fight oa Saturday — Tho Leeaw Kop
Affair—Frenoh Now in Command4,

Speciat Cadle Deepatch to Tum SUN.
From TH® SuN’s Correspondent with Lord Roberta

BLOEMYONTEIN, April 28.--A despatch from
THR Sun's correspondent at Karreefontein,
dated Sunday, says:

“A patrol of the Seventeenth Lancers this
morning rounded Leeuw Kop and found that
the Boers had evacuated the forage farmhouse
where they had been quartered and had acat-
tered in such a way that it was plain that they
had made a rapid night move. There were not
more than five hundred men inthe commando,
whioh te supposed to be screening a large force
to the east. They had one Krupp gun and two
pompons,

“An engagement began at 8:20 yesterday
morning. Gen. Porter's horse artillery shelled
Bosman’'s Kop but elicited no reply. Thereupon
Gens. Stephenson and Porter advanoed to
Rietfontein. Gen. Stephenson at noon sig-
nalled Gen. Pole-Carew that the Boers were
shooting his pickets, The order came back to
shell them out. Field Battery 84 was posted on
the long dry spruit from which they threw
shrapnel into the Boers and silenced their guns.
Artillery Batteries 88 and 8% with two naval
twelve-pounders joined the brigade near sun-
set, and then a long backward detour was
made around the spruit to join Gen, Pole-
Carew, who established his headquarters for
the night at Karreefontein. Stephenson and
Porter joined Polo-Carew and Dickson in the
forenoon

“Gen. French arrived at Karreefontein yester-
day evening and assumed general command "

CAPE REBELS’ TRIAL DENOUNCED.

Comments of the Dutch Organ, Which Lord
Roberts Has Barred.
Specias Cadle Despatch to THER SUN.

From THB SUN'S Correspondent at Cape Town.

Cars Town, April 24-—Commenting on the
caso of the Sunnyside rebels yesterday, the
Ons Land, the Dutch organ, declares that they
were unjustly tried) It protests against the re-
fusal of the court to allow a postponement or a
change of venue, and describes the condemned
men aslambs led to the slaughter and sheep
to the shearers

Lord Roberta has prohibited the circulation
of the Ons Land in districts Where martial law
is in foree

Several more meetings of the Afrikander
Bond have adopted resolutions in favor of
holding an immediate congress of the Bond

RUNDLE’S CANP SHELLED.

Harmless Attack on Monday Morning- Good
Weather Again.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN

From To8 SUN's Cortespondent with Gen. Rundle.

Waxkkenrstrroom, 0. F. 8, April 23- All day
Sunday and again this morning the Boers
shelled the Pritish camp without doing any
damage. There was no further attack this
afternoon or evening. The Boers appear to be
busy entrenching

Shell fire waa heard Saturday tn the direction
of Wepener

The weather ja very fine, though the nights
are cold

 

KILLED ON A TRESTLE,

An Aged Man Who Was Run Down Saved His
Wite by Throwirg "ler Overboard,

| An erstbound Rockaway Beach tratn struck
| and killed Henry Senneton the trestie near
| Haw Tree Creck yesterday afternoon, Sennet
| was 66 years old and lived in 155 Steuben
street, Jersey City. In company with his wife
he visited the colony fishing stati
that line Haw Tree Creek They were walking
| toward the main land at Aqueduct

eastbound trainin charge of Engineer

Cornell and Conductor Louis Beers came along
| Awitnessoftheaccident says that Senr
his wife off the trestle and leaped in front of
the moving train

Engineer Cornell says Sennet threw his wife
off the trestle into the creck, but was unable to
save himself before the locomotive was upon
him. There is usually several feet of water in
Haw Tree Creek, but it was low tide, and Mrs,

ot ns

when an
Lonts

   

et threw

by the trainmen. Sennet was killed instantly
His body was removed to Rouff’s Morgne in
Ozone Park. Mra. Sennet was overcome by
shock and grief. She decided to remain with
the body until her sons in Jersey City arrived
to take her home

 

CORONER TO ACT AS CENSOR.

Withont His Consent.

ALBANY, April 24 Cov. Roosevelt to-day
signed Assemblyman Stewart's bill making it
arnisdemeanor to publish any letter, telegram
oF private! paper, or any portion

found among the effects of any person who has
been dangerously wounded or who has com-
mitted suicide or who has died suddenly or

thereof,

 

» 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900. BY THE S

 

 

 

HER GOWN RUINED BY OIL,

MRS.'DULL KNEW. THAT MAN
THE WHITE DOG DID IT,
Goes Out Detecting, and Finds the Dog and
the Dog Runs Straight to an Olly Man
With an Empty Ot] Can, Shabby Clothes
and a Fine Gold Watch-Police Have Him,

Mrs. Helen Dull of Meadville, Pa, who is at
the Murray Hill Hotel, went to the Empire The-
atrelast night with her hushand. After the
show Mrs. Dull proposedthat they walk home
through Fortteth street.

When they were between Madison avenue
and Fifth avenue, Mrs. Dull remarked that
there was only one other person on the block.

 

with

 

Mr. Dull looked around and saw that
she was right. The one other person
was a man with a white fox terrier

The man was of pecullar appearance with a
gaunt face. When tho Dull’s reached the hotel
and Mrs. Dull took off her silk skirt, she gavea
ery of dismay.

“Look,” she criedto her husband. “That
dress is ruined. It ts simply covered with oil,
and the oil has soaked through and spoiled
my ilk underskirt too."

Mrs. Dull was sure that the man with the dog
was the only person who could have thrown the
oil on her dress and she suggested that she and
her husband return to Fortieth street and see if
there was any oil on the sidewalk near Madison
avenue

They found plenty of of] there) They saw Po-
Hceman Dolan and Bacon of the West Thirtieth
street statlonstanding near and told thetrstory
They gave the policeman a g
the man and the dog and the policemen anc

Mr. and Mra Dull went back to the theatre to |

Boe i any other similar complaints had beea
made

While they were talking in the theatre lobby
the fox terrier came running in. ‘The de-
tectives followed the dog as soon as Mrs, Dull

had told them that the dog was the one
sho had seen with the man that had thrown
the oil) In a hallway in Broadway pear

the dog ran up to a man and the

the theatre,
in his hands

detectives took hold of the man
they found an oil can. it wasempty. [he
man's hands were covered with off Mr. and
Mrs. Dull arrived at thatinoment and positively

 

 

identified the prisoner as the man they had
seen in Portieth str

The prisoner was taken to the West Thirtieth
street etatior There he said that he waa
John Wunderlich, 30 vears old, a piano tuner of
28 West Thirty-eighth street ite denied that
he had thr oil and said that he was
takir the of. On ove to a friend on
tt Fast to have It filled in order
that he 8 it ut work to-
day } g@ was shabby aod the
overcoat was covered with oil, but
in his poekets were $57 in money and
a fine KC ld watch and chain The dog's collar
bore the n »and address the man had given

 

Wunderlich was locked on a charge of

malicious mischief

up

DRAGGED OUT OF NER COFFIN,

Grave of an Old Woman Desecrated—Robbory
Not the Motive,

Meurosr, Mass, April 24-—-The
State police are investigating @ case
last Wednesday

ed to look

and

city

desecration here. On

mnorn-

ing, While a man emy after the

Wyonidng Cemetery was at work among some

of the lots his” attentlon was called
to the grave of Jano Grundy, who died tn this
city Mareh 19, aged 77 jhe grave had been
opened, the foot of the box enclosing the
coMin had !wen bro} and the body pulled «
to the open air. The remains of

biected to

mut
the aged
indignities

b

woman AG al been

 

   
   

 

    

( ‘ d ® committed such
atrocitie the pe ‘ were perpetrated
\ t { ! e &-
te j dih 4any
fntent ‘ ‘ 4
t ‘ whi
V ; ! Chi
the > ' the ¢
’ a K it idea '
ward tid t ils helleved
vere that s wornan hada hand
as i¢ oft MAS whem ¢
{ } h r out at fi me lhe
re Mra. Grundy deelnre thelr Intene
tion of sifting the affair to tt t an. it.
t ved y some that the ontrage was the
| result ef a desire to have revenge for some

Sennet was held fastin the mud when rescued |

Letters of Suicides May Not We Published Now |

| operas of that fellow Wagner, or

‘BATH HOUSE JOUN" ON THE STAGE, |

Says He's Considering a $5,000 Offer From presented them to Miss Julia Ryle, Preaident of

Ko. ter & Blal'’s,

Cmeaco, April 2 Alderman JohnJ. Congh-
In, ‘Bath House John,” may go on the vaudo-
ville stage. The Tirst ward Alderman has Just
returned from a trip to New York To Mayor
Harrison last night, he whispered the causo of
his trip to New York,

“Yes,” he confided, 85,000 a week at Koster

& Bial's, if Tl) sing ‘Dear Midnight of Love’ for
artisis sing my |

reven nights and then let the!
copyrighted version, cold 6,000 plunks T tell
dat eong of mine beataanrthing from

iything in

you,

 

od description of |

 

N PRINTING AND PUBLISHING

 

 

of grave |

| Tnion,

"| bure

 

| ‘Rush the Can’ or something like that, the one |

who has been found dead, unless the same shall |
have been produced belore a Coroner at an |

inquest and the publication thereof shall have
declared by that Coroner to

been
to aidin the discovery of a crime or the identity
of the person

ABANDONED THIS LOCOMOBILE,

Couple Couldn't Manage It, So They Left It
Jammed Against a Fence,
Policeman Gillespie of the West 162d street
station found an abandoned locomobile, badly
sriashed, against the fence at 197th street and
Kingsbridge road last night From -persons

living in the neighborhood he learned
that the machine had been left there |
by a man and woman who had been

riding back and forth on the K{nasbridge road
util something happened to the locomobile
when they apparently lost contro] of it and
decided to make their escape on foot

The policeman notified the American Looo-
mobile Company, and employees of that con-

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
cern went up and got the machino
THIEP CHASE IN BROADWAY,
|

Highwayman Snatchesa Four Cape From a
Woman and Escapes.

A crowd pursued a man down Broadway last
night crying ‘‘Stop thief!" At Twenty-ninth
street a negro boy ran up to him, snatcheda
fur cape from him and began to run fn the oppe
Policeman Daly followed the boy
for several blocks. The boy finally threw away
the cape und escaped. Waly learned that the
thief had stolen the eape from «a woman who
walking on Brondway. The thie! was not
the West Thirtieth

alte direction

wil
caught The capeis at
street station,

A HOME FOR THE GYNSBERGS,

 

Aged Couple Will Not Have to Remain tn the
Almshouse,

A good home has been found for Nicholas
Gynsberg and wife, the seventy-flve-year-old
couple who Went to the Almshouse on Friday,
after sickness had deprived them of their
savings Mrs. Lewis of the Society forthe Im-
provement of the Condition of the Poor, went
to the Almehouse yesterday |@ see the couple
and tell them that Aa man, name hot given,
would provide for therm

300 Carloads of Fruit Jars Burned.

Parmaount, Ind, April 24. -The waresheds

of Wilson & McCulloch's fruit jar factory
| were burned last night with a loss of $150,v00,
The origin of the fire ts unknown. This repre-
sents alinost an entire season's Output, as the
heavy spring shipments had not yet begun
Three hundred carioads of tnished fruit jars

were consumed
Tr usasseansstemmaeaiaaa

A sfarcnstans on Re!lroading
Reveals she ‘remarmable factiities and pewter

49 Pennsylvania Rallr the Great u
fine betwee Cue ‘East tnd the Went Ace
'

 

¢ 4
,

be necessary |

 

| revolver, several chambers of which

that has the intermeaso,”’

“Will Laccept the offer?” sald the Alderman,
when qnestiones

‘oh, Tean’t tell yet;
think itover for a few
ial get me to doany Ufting
ceipts for them.’

‘Jawn, singin’ on stage'”
K a, his colleague in Firat ward
itout!”

flattering,
days before

of box

though
Kos
office re-
said “Winky Dink"
“Aw, cut

ROBBERS KILL THREE CHINAMEN,

VYound Dead tn Their Lanndry tn Morenci,

Ariz. Money Gone,

Morenci, Ariz, April 24.—Three Chinese,
partners in a focal laundry, were found dead
this morning in their work room. Iwo had
been shot in the head while they Jay in
their beds, while+the third had made a dew
pernte fight for his life with a pot metal
had been
emptied. tlehad been shot several times, the
fatal bullet being fired at such clove range as
almost to tear off the alde of his bead The
premises had bean ransacked and several
thousand dollars is missing

A dozen Mexican families living in the neigh-

 

   

 

 

borhood aay that they heard nothing during the
night, but have plainly been terrorized ere
is no doubt the murders we done br tha
Chacon band of Mextean nes na, several of
its members having been seen Iately in. this
region. The Chinese of Morenci end Clifton
have offered $600 reward for the murderers’

apprehension

NEW HOTEL ON WINDSOR SITF?

James 1. Breslin Proposes to Flbridge T.
Gerry That Mr. Gerry Balld It.

James J!. Breslin, whose lease of the Gilsey
House expires on the firstof the month, an-
nounced last night that in the near future he
might manage a hotel tobe erected on the site
of the old Windsor, Fifth avenue, Forty-sixth
and lorly-seventh streets

Kibridge'T. Gerry ta the owner of the land,
andto him Mr Breslin. has proposed that he
erect amodern. hotel for Breslin to manage
Mr. Breslin said last night that Mr. Gerry was
inclined to look with favor on the proposed plan,
but that nothing had been decided

Mr Breslin will give bis entire attention this
summer to his hotel at) Fdgemera, L. I
]Ie is also one of the proprietors of the Audi-
torium in Chicago

Convict Wright Inherits $14,000,
Trenton, N. Jd, April24.—Qeorge Wright,
aged vu, aconvict in the State prison here for
nearly a and battery on hia

year for assault
Camden, has inherited €@14,000

 

Tl |
ter & |

wife, who lives at

by the wih enaunt, who was the widow of
Capt. M f Philadelphia, The conviet was
a fay rite Nnepnew, and, despite his mishe-
havior, she couidnet bring herself to cut bit
off without anything Wrieht bas three chil- |
dren, s sonand arjarried and a single daugh- |
ter living in Camden, where he carried on a

huckster buciness. Hts term willexpire next

mouth. mn

Slip Covers and Awnings
Made to order at O'Neill's, at the lowest prices tn
town, Getan estimate from then. Sixth Ave, 20th
to 2ist S.—Adr.
————

In House-cleaning Use Piatt’e Chiorides
to disinfect the flooss before relaying caspeta, —stda,

o

STORM TEARS UP SOUTH NEBRASKA,

 

Persons tn a Train See Houses and Trees Car-
ried Along ta a Dust Cloud.

Wraone, Neb, April 24 Southern Nebraaka
wasinthe path of a destructive cyclone ths
afternoon, All the people in this region were
driven Into storm cellars, and all along &the
Blue River Valley the damage wasfheavy Ke
ports from the rural districts indicate some loss
of life, but no details are obtainable at this
hour
t The twister was seen by hundreds of per-
sons. The Union Pacific passenger train was
stopped thirty miles south to avold crossing
the path of the cyclone The crew
could see ft for miles, bounding
along the ground and carrying avast quan-
tity of trees, farm buildings and débris in a
cloud of dust. The train narrowly escaped
being ditched,

A waterspont followed the twister and the
whole of Southern Nebraska was deluged

HOUSES THAT GREW IN A NIGHT.

Designed to Prevent Saloonkceper Biddulph
From Opening His Place.

PorT CugsTER, April 24.—It was discovered
here to-day that some of the well-to-do resl-
dents of Rye had etolen a march on M. F Kid-
dulph, who was about to open a saloon on the
Gienwood Road. Under the Ratnes law every
property owner within 200 feet of a saloon
must consent to its opening before the pro-
prietor can begin business. Biddulph obtained
the consent of everybody living last night
within 200 feet of his place He worked lite
putting in the bar fixtures and was to have had
an opening to-day

This morning he was eurprised to find that
two new houses had made thelr appearance
during the night on the property of M U. Pat-
terson, who is one of the residenta opposed to
the saloon, When he went to the new honses to
get permission from the tenants to open his
plice they sald they were opposed to the sale of
hi rorsin the neighborhood Biddulph alleges
th | the houses were shipped to Rye last night

ar put up within the 200 fect of his
8A to prevent him from opening tt
He says (hat the houses were made in sections
|} in New York and loaded into furniture vans

which brought them to Rye He has retained a
lawyer and will bring an action to compel the
County Treasurer to issue a license

Gemma

DID GOD SMITE THE BREWERY?

The Rey. Mr. Dixon Prayed for Lightning to
Strike the Bailding, and It Did.

Strovpspers, Pa., April 24.--Several months
ago the Rev. E. BE. Dixon, pastor of the Fast
Stroudsburg Methodist Episcopal Church,
prayed that God would atrike the new, big
brewery, which is being bullt here, with light-
ning. Mr. Dixon and others believe that the
prayer has been answered Yesterday leht-
ning etruck the brewery, doing some damage.
When It became known that a bolt had struck
the brewery the words of Mr. Dixon were at
recalled The bolt at the brewery
went down the elevator shaft, knocking off
a few bricks
wasinthe shalt, was stunned for a moment
Workman Staples was also stunned Two
children named Custard, sons of a Methodist
preacher, were knocked froma ladder, but were
not injured

The tight against the big brewery was bitter.
Those most active in opposition were the Rey
F. E. Dixon, the Rev. RH. Crawford and the

once

{n its passuge

 

|

Dewitt Maran, who |

members of the Women’s Christin Temperance |

Mr. Ixon made his remarkable prayer
atameeting of the W ©. T. U. of fast Strouds-
When he heard that the building had
been struck by Ilghtning he prayed

“Now, Lord, if it be Thy will, let the rest go

JULIA RYLE GOT THE SLIPPERS,

| Mra, McKinley Knit Them for a Hospital Fair

and They Sold for #100.
Patenson, N. J., April 24.—The Hospital Fair
closed last night. Itis believed that it will net
nearly $7,000. Mrs. McKinley contributed a
pairof blue worsted slippers which she made
herself. They were put up at auction and were
soldfor $100, toa party of agentlemen, who

the flosptral Association, who has dons much
toward making the enterprize a success

THEIR WEDDING JOURNEY.

Proclaimed to All and Sundry by Decorations
on Thetr Trank,

Decorations and unique inscriptions on a
wedding trunk in an express wagon amused a
crowd of men and women yesterday at Broad-
way and Thirty-sixth street. Nothing Ike it
had ever been seen before, at least In Broad-
The trunk-a large one—was trimmed
with numerous bows of white and green lace

wat

| and the proverbial old shoe was attached to

tooneof the handles. But the novelty that

crested loughter was the two heart-shaped
cardboards tacked on the side of the trunk, On
each of these wi s«ribed

Iwo souls with buta single thought,

‘Two hearts that beat as one,

TOM and KIT,
They're on thetr wedding trip
Please kt them alone.

A WILL IN AN OLD DESK,

Tamor L.

Heir to Her Cousia's Property.

Mount Kisco, N. Y, April 24.—A plece of
paper which Mrs Tamor L. Bailey found last
weck in asecret compartment of an old desk
which sabe purchased at an auction proved to be
a will bequeathing her an estate valued
nearly $50,000
bury two years ago
Dr. A. T Clason, who died a few months before
her, and to whose property In that city she was
sole heir. She was 4 cousin of Mrs. Bailey
Miss Clason’s will was not found and it was eon-

Mrs.

cluded that she had died intestate. At the auc- |

tlon of Miss Clason’s personal effects Mrs Lailey
bought the old desk
1979, and the lawyer who drew {it and the wit-
nesses are all dead

PRIZES FOR SUNDAY SCHOOL PUPILS,

Pictures, Books, Iive Goats, Bibles or Bi-
cycles for Bringing in Recruits.
Cricaco, April 24.—-The Holiness Tabernacle
Sunday Schoo! of 120 South Western aveone, an
adjunct of the “Sanctified’ Suciety, recently
established by Broker Duke M. Farson, has of-
fered alive goat or a Bible as a prize to any

child bringing in twenty-five new puplle A
card distriuted throughout the neighborhood
reads

“A bieyele free, Any boy or girl Anding this
card can secure one of these prizes or anything

ou want. For bringing oneschoiar, a picture,
ie bringing two acholare, a book, 45 pages, or
Testament; for bringing fitteen scholars, a lve
gont or Bible for bringing twenty -flve scholars,
aebievcle in good condition
present two Sundays
School, 2:0 P. M., 120-122 Western avenue.’

   

624,000 a Year for Care of an Insane Woman.

The State Trust Company has obtained an
order from Justice Truax of the Supreme Court
authorizing it to pay $2,000a month to Amelia
Stuyvesant for the anpport of her aunt Mrs
Elizabeth R. Grafton who waa recently found to
be meatally incompetent. Mra Grafton has an
extate of about #1,000,000, which yields an in-
come of about 0,000 a year = Mrs Stuyvesant
who waa appointed comunttee of the person of
her aunt, atatedin her petition to the Court
that Mrs Grafton has been acoustomed to every
luxury and that she could not be maintained jn

   

) the rnanner to which she was accustomed for

Jess than $24,000 a year

 

 

The Black Diamond Express
New York at noon via the Lehigh Valley Rall.
eaves NE afalo. A \n carte dining car cortices, and
Jugurtous parlor and day eoaches.~"Ada

at)

The will was drawn in |

PRICE TWO CENTS.

SS

STATE CONVENTIONS MEET.

GATHERINGS
THE

OF REPUBLICANS IN
EAST AND WEST,
New Hampshire Men Have a Stormy Seastos
Frank Jones Elected a Delegate to Phila-
delphia Hanna Sets the Pace at the Ohte
Meeting Talks About the Destiny of the
Spirited Indiana
Men Harrisburg.

Country
Quay

mo, No, Apri 24 The Kepublicag
State Convention for the election of delegates
to the National Convention held here to-day
was one of the most sensational known to the

Contest in

Gloomy in

CONCH

party in New Haonipshire. Frank fones of
Portsmouth, the rmultieniliionsire brewer,
who in 1896 left the Democratic party, of
which he had been the head in New
Hampshire for oa quarter of a century,
was proposed ns oa delegote-at-large te
Philadelphia and elected Although Mp,
Jones was elected the silent demurrer regige
fered by the tuilure to vote of 156 delegates

showed much discontent at the party's action.
Ex-Giov, Goodell spoke briefly against Mr,
Jones and ex-Representative Frank Po Rowell
uttered a ringing protest. ‘The latter asserted
that party leaders wanted to “pull Mr. Jones's
leg’ for campaign boodle and had eut and
dried ascheme to elect him a delegate again t
the honest convietion
fhe Hon James oO

of every true delegate
Lyford, Naval Officer at
Boston, answered the arguments against Mr.
by saving that he bad been commige
sioned to tell the convention that Mr. Jones
was a Republican through and through and
approved its present attitude toward all publi
question He sald that a representative of
the Gold Demoeratio party of four years ago
placcdon the delegation would sewing many
new votes into the Republican column next
fall About fifty delewates did not come to the
convention for the reason, ur some said openly,
that they didn't want to vote for Mr. Jones

James W Remioek, a young lawyer from
Northern New Hampshire, and an ex-United
States District Attorney, spoke for the plate
form inso farasit referred to the new posses
slons. He said

“Lam compelled in loyalty tomy convioe
tions to obtrude one discordant note upon these
deliberations. I have listened in vain in these
resolutions for the mention of Cuba, for whose
liberty we undertook the war and to whom we

Jones

made solemn pledee of independence,
I think it would be well for the Republicans
of New Hampshire to make some declaration

in favorot the fulfilment of that pledge.
have listened in vain, too, for the promise of
even ultimate free-trade citizenship on th

question of the Constitution to Porto Rios, an

1] have listened in vain, moreover, for any inti-
mation ot what s convention thinks should
be Ame s attitude toward the Philippines,
The committee thinks it wise to throw the reins
pen the neck of the President and Congress,
with no cheek but theirown willand theirowyw

 

caprice Tsubmitthat we shonld make some
statement of our spint and atiitude on these
things‘

cons
namending theplat'orm
wae ov rwhel-oinely
recommendes. by

Senator Gallinger’s friends carried the
vent) mand a reseal

proposed by Mr
defeated Tie platt

 

niek

rm tu

  

 

 

the ention Was approved,
of New tlampshire,
‘ a? upon the honest fule
filmen i the bade in the Republicaa
national platfe idopled af St. Louis in 1806
and acknowledges the w statesimanship of
our President, William MeKinley. under whose
guidance the pre yses roade have been per
formed As Chief Executive, he has met and
wisely solved graver National problems than
have fallen to tl lot of ar predecoessor,
} save Washington and Tineo!n
We indorse that legislation of the present
Congress which has establ shed bevond a doubt
the eurreneyv of the United States upon a gold
standard of value which insures all payments
tdollars. and answers the commercial)

|
|

Ktatley’s Find May Make Her

|

Miss Sarah Clason died in Dan- !
She was the only sister of |

|
|

    
   

je and of foreign nae

 

! UP OWN Peng
ns with which we deal

We heartily support the Administration ia
the annexation of Hawaii and in the acquisition
of Porto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines

The insurrection ia the Philippines was @ ree
bellion against the lawful authority of the United
States. and we assert the duty of the President
fosubdue lt, We condemn any encouragemont
&
ii

   

iven by American citizens to those bearing
arms against our country

*We intrust the future government of our new
popacssions to Congress and the Presiden

velieving that they ray lawfully control an
wovern them as they deem best, and feeling ase
sured that they will give the islands eve
measure of local self-government for whiel
they may show themselves fitted,

*We commend and approve the patriot ime
uises of our President; his loyalty to h
vis high purpose; his diplomacy; his gr
achievernents for his country and humanity,

and urge his renomination at the coming Na-
tional Convention.”

Senator Gallinger of Concord, Frank Jones
of Bortsmonth, William ©. Clarke of Manchester
and Thomas N. Hastings were elected dele
gates-al-lurge to Philadelphia

 

HANNA TO OHIO REPUBLICANS,

The Senator Makes a Keynote Speech at the
Colambas Convention,

CoLumsBus, Ohio, April 24.—The preliminary
eession of the Republican Btate Convention
waa held this afternoon, the feature being a
speech delivered by Senator Hanna, in which
he sounded the keynote of the Presidential
compaign of 1900. He said

“The Republicaus of Oblo and the Republi-
cans of the United States are confronted to-
day with many new propositions and issues
thrown like tangled grassin our pathway by
the Democratic party attempting to raise new
issues upon every move made by the Govern-
ment, seeking some fue, sume opportunity to
manifest their opposition tothe policy of the
Republican party Our position is one of abso-
lute fearlessness ‘Lhe promises made by the St,

Louls Convention by the National Ade
ministration show what we have have
necomplished as affecting the material
interests of this country The balance
of net export trade during the last
century preceding this Administration of
Presidept McKinley amounted to §3ll,-
000,000 In three years of the Adminise
tration of Presidest MeKinley the net
' balanee has been §1,400,000,000 Do we want
pany different policy for the American poops
than that woleiia building up and making us

Scholars must be |),
New Tabernacle Sunday | ¢p,

  
 
 

 

 

 

the greatest, the richest and the siurongest
nation on earth? We have proved to thi
country and to the world that our policy ol
economles is irresistible and must succeed
“The re sol the war with Spain are pot
accidental ‘The destiny which has been write
ten for this country must be fulfilied in the
natural order of things It was Dut one etep
forward in the direction of the duty set

for us to do, and no matter what influences
may be thrown around us to impede our
prowress it canoe! and will not stop Ido not
core whether you call it: imperialism or ex-
pan The desuny of this country is written

jon

and any party or combination of men
that attempts by any subterfuge jor makes
shittin po.iiies to — power of progress
of thie nation will ao down as the Democratio

party has gone dowr I know that the people
of the United States feel comfortable and cone
fident when they kiow that President William
MeKinley is at the wheel"

Colonel KOM.) Nevin, the temporary chaire
main of the convention in speaking of Dewey's
ry at Manila Pay, pald a high tribute to
san Admiral, with special emphasis upon
Admiral, and the convention nearly went
wiid with jaughter

ihe business seasion of the convention wi!
be held) to-morrow, when the platform of

the party will be promulgated and a Btate
tioket nominated There is still eat
opposition to the selection of Gen TOS.
venor as one of the delewates-at-large

and every effort is being made to prevail upon
Senator tlanna to accept lace on the dela.
gation Henotonly ref » do this but ts
appealing to the leade y to withe
draw their oppe on to Git ior It is ex-
ected that as a final result Senator Hanna will
nave hig way in this matier

The Commi olntions agreed upon
the platform at alate hour to-night. The orig

    
 
 
 

 

 

tteea on Kee

 

 

{nel draft, as prepared in Weehington, hasbeen
materiatly changed [ft cordially indorse "9
administration of President Mekinley anc

The O'Neill Sewing Machine.
Easy running, richly Omished and cheap
many other reliable roachine sold in
5 Ave., 2060 lo 2148 Gt —Ade,

, ‘00
ow SOm

|