a Noe i ee ee

Feisty ak ocean

ets

o~

tily a vos of all legislation enacted by
Sngress Bhich includes the gold standard

w and Porto legisiation A

lank which Senator Foraker — desired
fh rated specifically indorsing the Porto

can legislation was deemed unnecessary a4

waa covered in the

e acts of Congress The foreign policy of the
President is commended and the administra.
tions of Gov. Bushnell and Gov. Nash approved

reasonably strong anti-trust plank not in-
duded in the Washington draft was incorpo-
rated in the platform

Rican

INDIANA REPUBLICANS.
Bix Candidates tor Governor—To Be No Dt-
rect Reference to Porto Rico,

INDIANAPOLIS, April 24.-Fully one-half of the
1,400 delegates that will take part in the Repub-
Hean State Convention to-morrow are now on
the groundand the gubernatorial candidates and
their friends are engaged in a good deal of stra-
getiowork and many combinations are in process
@ making. The candidates far Governor are
dohn L. Griffiths of thiseity, Winfleld TP. Durbin
Anderson; Enos B Hogate, Danville, Wil-
Mam 8. Haggard, Lafayette, Frank B Posey,
Evansville; James R Dodge, Fikhart. Grimiths
has the best organization and wiil enter the
pabetin slightly inthe lead of all other ean-

tes, but Durbin will be a eiose second and

ft gard will be third in the race

The leaders who were in the conference yes-
terday over the planks of the platform inet
again this afternoon and spent nearly
three hours in consideration of the planks
as written out last njeht and = stub-
mitted = to-day Those who favored a
specific indomsement of the Porto Rican bill
were very urgent for such adeclaration to-day
but the majority was equally as determiner
and there was no change in the purpose to
ignore that measure except as it would be in-
lorsed by a general indorsement of President
McKinley's administration

The resolution relating to expansion was

ade even stronger than was designed vester-

y,and will urge unremitting effort till the

lippine Islands are pacified The platform

will indorse ‘‘all laws passed for the govern-
ment of our new possessions "

This has been accepted by the advocates of
eer” indorsement of the Porto Rican tariff

DINNER AND A GIFT TO DADY.
Whe Brooklyn Statesman Utilizes His SOth
Birthday to Boom Woodruff.

Col, Michel! J. Dady, chairman of the Republi-
ean Executive Committee in Brooklyn, State
ocommitteeman and Presidential Elector, yes-
terday arrived at his fiftieth birthday, and in
celebration of the event a $10 dinneranda
etiil more substantial tribute in the shape of a
ailver punch bowl, tray and ladal were given
to him last night. His twenty associates in the
Executive Committee, the nine Republican As-
sembiymen and the two Republican Senators
from Kings county were the contributors to
the tribute to one of Brooklyn's most active

and sturdy political war horses

The Clarendon Hotel was the seene of the
gathering and the private dining hall was gor-
goously decorated for the ocension, an im-
mense mountain of jack roses, a present from
the Haubert Kepublican Battery, being one of
the choice table attractions. The only outside
guests were Lient-Gov, Timothy I. Wood-
ruff, William ©. Bryant, William Berri, Col.
E. Roche, Benjamin J. Hall, Col, Cecil Hastings,
D. Harry Ralston, Andrew Mel.ane, Jahn
Drescher. Jr, and John $, Cohen, Ro HH. Laim-
beer, Jr. the Sixth ward leader, presided flanked
by Lient.-Gov. Woodruff and Col. Dady

Mr. Jaimbeer spoke of Col, Dady's long,
hard, effective and faithful work in behalf
of the Republican party and then ealled upon
Mr. Woodruff, for whom he said he confidently
expected to vote in November, for a few re-

marks
Mr. Woodruff was greeted In a most en-
thusiaAtic manner and every one in response
tot inquiry as to what was the matter with
*Tim” Woodruff declared taat he was all right,
Air. Woodruff, referring to the “gold bricks”
hich he and all the other guests received
uring the dinner, said that he noticed taat
they bore toe inscription “T. W which were
Meant, some thought, tor “Tinw” Woodruff, while
tners surmised that they migat mean “To
Jashington.” At this there was much ap-
lause. He said that he nad known Col. Dady
lor twenty years and supposed until a few days
ago that tney were both of about tae same
e, and therefore both “too young.” This
sally also started renewed laugnter and ap-
plause. Mr. Woodruf? spoke of tbe sterling
qualities of their guest and declared that if
he wanted a true. good, steadfast friend, he
would go to Michael J. Dady
At this point the silver punch bowl and at-
tachments were unveiled and Mr. Woodruff
formally presented them to Col, Dady Just
soon as Col. Dady gets that Havana contract,”
r. Woodruff added, “we will all come around
and celebrate the occasion, he providing the
cold botties while we furnish the fowl :
Col. Dady, after thanking his friends for the
at compliment they had pald him, drifted
nto a significant political addreas
“We are,” he scid, “on the eve of a canvass,
the like of which has never been witnessed
fp this country. Some think that it will be
very easy one for the Grand Old Party--but
tell you itis going to be avery hardone You
ave in this room to-night, [ hope (turning
Mr. Woodruff], the next Vice-President of
the United States.
He is the leader of his party in this count w and
t was through his infinence and efforts that we
ve now for the first time in many vears a
ted party here. This candidate of ours for
second place on the National ticket is not
tobe set aside by Mr) Hannaor anybedy
ee. I was unable to be on the floor of the
tate Convention list week If Thad heen there
would have asked for the indorsement of
. Woodruff, and no man would have dared
ben f nay. He is the candidate of the people of
rooklyn and they don't desire any man or set
of men to set him aside
“If heisthe running mate of McKinley there
will be no sueh thing as fai. TP tel) vou we
want this place for hin We are all for Roose-
velt for Governor and for Timothy L. Wood-
ruff for Vice-President.” Col. Dady's remarks
were frequently applauded
William Berri, William Cullen Bryant, Sena-
tor Davis and Senator Marshall also spoke
Letters of regret were received from State
Chairman Odell, Editor St. Clair) MeKeiway
@nd Editor Andrew Melean

BARKER HAS HOPES,

Bays He'll Be the Populist Nominee for Prest-
dent~—Skles Rosy to Ais Eyes,

PHILADELPHIA, April 21. Wharton Barker,
baving returned from his trip through the
West, where he hus attended several Populist
conventions, saidto-day that there is little
doubt but that he wlll be nominated as the real
Populistic candidate for President. Mr. Barker
believes the Democrats will throw over Bryan
andailverand select a candidate andadopt’a
platform to suit the Democrats in the East. The
Democrats, he says, will lose 1,500,000 Populist
votes by this effort to win back the Gold Demo-
ecrats

“What do you think of Dewey's eandidacy?”
he was asked

“T have no objections to urge against Dewey
He is a great Admiral, but he is not Populist
timber.”

“How will the defection of the Populist vote

from the Democratic ticket affect the vote for
candidate of the latter party?
“Tt will cause a loss to Bryan, should he run,
or to any other candidate nominated by the
Democracy, of 1,500,000 votes, reducing the vote
Tom 6,500,000 to 5,000,000 Unless that void ean
e filled from some other source it will make
the eleetion of a Democrat impossible

three-fourths of the 2,000,000) Populist votes
which Bryan received in isis, to wit, 1,500,000,
will go this fall to the Populist candidate

“This being a fact, Lan of the opinion that
the Democratic leaders will at the Ran “as City

onvention adopt a platform and seek a candi-
gate for the Presidency to satisfy the Bastern

emocrats, and that they will nominate some
Buch map as Olney, Vay Wyck or Gorman and

will adopt a platform that willassure the return |

emocratic party of the 1,500,000 Gold
1806

‘o the
emocrats who voted for MgKinley in

ey will see, 1 think, that such a eourse will |

bably secure to them vietory for their elec-
| and State tickets in Connecticut, New
, New Jersey, Delaware and Marvylard, all
which were carried jor McKinley in 1898
“In 1802 we polled 1,002,000 votes. in Ika we
polled 1,500,000, and in 1808 the Populist vote
Was 2,000,000 Weare growing, and the result
in November may be startling to some people
The truth of the matter is that we advocate
everything for which the early Republican
arty stood There is precious littl differenee
etween a Populist of to-day anda Republican
of the Abraham Lincoln and Thaddeus Stevens
type, and it would be mighty hard to ftinda
single point of difference between a Populist of
1900 anda Democrat of the Thomas Jefferson
type.”

BRYAN AT THE SUNFLOWER LFAGUR,

Jerry Simpson Was Snubbed and Went Away
Angry —Obstacles to Fusion,
Wicnita, Kan, April 24.—About a thousand
Kansas Democrats attended the annual ban-
@uet of the Sunflower League here to-night,

eneral indorsement of |
and Popullsts in several Congress districts, but

There |
can be no longer any question that at least |

William J. Bryan was the guest of honor and
Democratic orators from the East were pres-
ent. President Sapp of the Sunflower League
calleda meeting of the Executive Committee
last night to settle disputes between Democrats

when ft adjourned no fusion had been arranged

Although several other meetings of the come |

mittee were held to-day, these disputes still
@xist

Jerry Simpson ja sald to have withdrawn from
the race for United States Senator, asserting
that the Democtats have not treated him fairly
He was not Invited to the banquet here to-
night, notwithstanding the fact that he an-
nounced his willingness to support the Demo-
cratic nominees in the Sixth and Seventh Con-

esa districts This made him angry, it i@ un-
derstood, and he now proposes to feht against
fusion Leading Democrats said to night that
Simpson was not a welcome ally in Kansas poll-
thes. Mr. Bryan refused to meddle in fusion
sciiabbles in Kansas, although he was appealed
to by local Democrats

The Sunflower League held meeting thig af-
ternoon and reélected all of the old offffers,
Resolutions declaring for Bryan for President,
denouncing the Administration's Philippine and
Porto Rican policy and wishing tbe Boers suc-
cess intheirstruggle for freedom, wera adopted
Mr Bryan addressed the league members. He
said the Democrnta were better organized now
than they were two months after the Na-
tional Convention in 180@ He sugmested that
all Demoeratic clubs in the United States meet
onJuly ¢and read the Declaration of Inde-
wendence, as the Republicans would repeal the
Yeclaration in their convention at Philadel-
phia

At the banque) to-night Mr. Bryans oke on
“Democracy” and Allen C. Myers on “The Re-
park an Party.”” Mr. Bryan leaves to-morrow
or Clay Centre to attend the State Conven-
tion

PENNSYLVANIA REPUBLICANS.

day's Convention Gloomy.

Harnispvra, Pa, April 24.—Interest in the
Republican State Convention to-morrow has
been dwarfed to a large extent to:night by the
rejection of Col. Matthew Stanley Quay by the
Senate ut Washington, Delegates are here
from all parts of the State and most of them
are friends of Col. Quay. They fully expected
that he would be seated this afternoon, and
that the convention to-morrow would resolve
itself into apopular ovation for Quay and
Penrose

There wassome talk {n the first blush of the
news from Washington of retaliation against
the National Administration because of the
turning down of Quay, but better counsels pre-
vailed and President McKinley will be indorsed

Senator Penrose arrived here shortly before
midnight and is in conference with the party
lenders At a late hourit is reported that the
feeling over the Quay business will show itselfin
the defeat af Congressman-at-Large Grow, who
{s supposed to sympathize with the enemies of
Quay in Pennaylvania The chances are, how-
ever, that the delegates will think better of it
before morning and nominate Grow and Robert

It Foederer of Philadelphia as Representatives: |

at-Large in Congress E B Hardenberg will be
nominated for Auditor-General. The chair-
man of the convention will be Henry W. Oliver
of Pittsburg

There was a lot of indefinite talk late to-night
about nominating Col Quay as one of the
Congresamen-at-large for the  purpase— of
vindicating himself in § popular election, Itis
not known whether thfs will be done,
older politicians are not — inclined to
attach much imponmance to the movement
There {6 also. talk late to-night about
anattack upon the McKinley administration in
the platform, but unless Senator Penrose bears
some message from Senator Quay advising such
a move, there is no doubt that President
McKinley's administration will be indorsed
There can be no concealment of the fact that
there is mueh bitterness against the Adiminis-
tration on account of Co}, Quay’s overthrow,
but it may not show itself in the convention,

Talked Of for Quigg's Place.

Since it was announced that Collector Bidwell
was not to succeed President Quigg of the Re-
publican County Committee when he retires
several new candidates for the honor have been
put forward by their friends besides Gen,
Francis Vinton Greene and Col. Jolin J. Me-
Cook. Atnong them are ex-City Magistrate
Job E. Hedges, whose friends think he would

make an excellent president, and Municipal
Civil Service Commissioner Alexander T. Mason

Mr. Hedges lives in the Twenty-fifth Assembly |
district and was a supporter of Charles A. Hess |

in the struggle hetween Hess and Capt. Fo Nor-
ton Goddard. Mr. Mason was elected leader of
the Twenty-ninth district in 1899, when Charles
Bulkley was ousted. He has the support of
Capt. Goddard.

Nominated for Congress in Wisconsin.

OsnKosn, Wis, April 24.-J HH. Davidson of
this city was renominated for Congress by the
tepublicans of the Sixth Wisconsin district this

afternoon

Kernospa, Wis, April 24—-H. A. Cooper of
Racine was renominated for Congress by tha
Republicans of the First Wisconsin district this
afternoon,

Populists Didn't Mention Bryan's Name.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill, April 24--The Middle-of-
the-Road Populists nominated a State ticket
to-day, and selected delegates to the National
Convention to be held in Cincinnati on May 9.
The question of fusion was not raised, and
Bryan's name was not mentioned

Re-Nominated for Congress.

Fort Wayne, Ind., April 24—-J. M. Robinson

was renominated for Congress by the Demo-
eratsof the Twelth Indiana district this after-
noon

TRAINS OUT OF NEW ORLEANS,

Resumption of Railroad Traffic to Some Extent
in the Flooded District,

New ORLEANS, La, April 24. The Iinois
Central Railroad was able to resume its regular
achedule to Jackson to-day, and {1s now running
trains both wayson time, There is, however,
a great deal of repair work yet_to be done. The
road estiniates its losses by the starui at $250,-
om. The New Orleans and Northeastern
will not be running into Meridian before next
week Tuesday It has in the

various breaks around Meridian five miles of
track, A cut 200 teet long hag been filled up
with mud and rock, three river trestles have
been washed away and yearly all its bridges are
pene Its loss is probafily $300,000 The Ala-
yammaand Vicksburg trom Vicksburg to Meri-
dian bopes to wet its traf{ns in to Meridian by
Thursday. The Louisville and Nashville js run-
ning one train into New Orleans, but will notbe
able to resume regular schedule before two
weeks or perhaps even more time. Laurel,
Miss, which has been cut off from the world for
over a week, received its first train to-day

There js a di-positionto increase the estimate
of loss caused by the storm, and it is now put at
$5,000,000 tor private property in” Mississippi
alone. The loss to the railroads will bring it up
to #4,000,000.

The loss of Nfe from the storm is fourteen
to date in Mississippi and Alabama

Monitr, Ala., pril 24 The Pascagoula
liver is receding, and the houses in the little
town of Merrill, ninety miles from Mobile, are
once more within the siaht of their lnekless
owners The whole southern working force of
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad is cone
centrated at the wrecked bridges across the
Pascagoula River. It will be two weeks before
the damage can be repairee sufficiently for the
passage of heavy freight. A= single train
Aj day each way is being operated
by steamboat transference at Scranton.
ty the use ofa submarine eqble at the point
where their wires were severed the Western
Union Company has been able toreéstablish
direct communication with New Orleans and
Texas. Theloss of the Southern wires was a
serious inconvenience to business men and to
the Louisville and Nashville Rallroad
To-night an accident supposed to be
the falling of a tree on the line of
the Southern road has cut off every Northern
wire of the Postal Company On the Mobile

lost

| aud Ohio the track is more badly washed than

was supposed In one place south of Shubuta,
two miles of embankment will have to he re-
placed This will prevent the reopening of
the system until Saturday night Hundreds of
pope have been compelled to abandon thetr
ormes, So that the sma‘l loss of life is remark-
able

POET'S RELATIVE MISSING.
Joseph Henry Wadsworth Disappears From
His Home tn Keston.

The police of Boston have sent out circulars,
one of which reached Police Headquarters in
this city yesterday, regarding the continued
absence from home of Joseph Henry Wads-
worth, a relative of the poet Longfellow. Mr
Wadaworth is o8 yearsold) He is acon poser
of music aa wellasa player. On Feb, 24 heleft
his home, 33 Bainbridge street, Koxbury station,
Boston, to visit one Herbert Jobnson in the
central part of the city, He did not reaeh his
destination, nor has he been seen by any cae
who knew him since he left home. The circular
explains that the missing man has always been
very happy in nie domestic relations, and there

is no reason that his f y
should bave left home: 02 mink of why be

oT

but |

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900>

FAKIR’S YEARLY OUTBREAK.

REMINISCENCE OF LOEB'S ZANGWILL
THE PRIZE PICTURE,

Contemplative La Farge Divinity That

Winks -Two Hyde Sisters With Three Arms

~—Kenyon Cox Legs Sitting Up for John

~Mishap to Bryson Burroughs Canaller,
The ninth annual exhibition of the Society
of American Fakirs now open in the
rooms of the Art Students’ League in
West Fifty-seventh street Downstatra
in another part of the building ts a very
different sort of an exhibition. The effort of
the fakirs is meant to show some of the faulta
and frailties of the exhibition below,

One who approaches tye exhibition by elimb-
ing three narrow filghts of stairs is greeted by
largenumbers of signs Most of them advise
him to wet a catalogue. "What is home without
a catalogue?” “For that tired feeling try a
catalogue,” and “You be sorry that
aaw jtif you don't get a catalogue.” The
catalogue thus describes {tself) within ita own
pages: “You cannot thoroughly ‘ misunder-
stand the exhibition without a catalogue = It's
chief mission {is to take theromance out of art
and incidentally to provide a little amusement
for the children This Is It. No further ex-
planation necessary "

The catalogue further explains
Society of American Fakira jis a #0-
ciety for the promotion of crueltv” to
art, founded in 189 by Bryson Burroughs.
The object of the fakirs, besides making fakes,
is to maintain in the league a scholarship for
a deserving art student who is financially
limited. The information is added that last
year's choice 1s now serving out his term

There are other signs along the halla besides
the catalogue advertisements, None of them
is over-serious. On the landing just before the
beginning of the last flight of stairs is a rival
exhibition to that of the Society of Ameri-
ean Fakirs It is that of the Ten
American Fakirs. Only nine of the ten Ameri-
can Painters who seceded from the Society of
American Artists are represented by fakes A
sign over the door explains why there are agly
nine “Only Nine-Nothing Dewing"’ Mr
Dewing, it will be remembered, did not exhibit
with the Real Ten this year

The decorations of the stairs other than the
signs are for the most part skeletons and
bunehes of dried grass and reeds. There are
about seventy-fiwe fakes hung on the walls of
the gallery. If one was not rather prepared for
what he was to see by the outside decorations the

first glimpse of the room would make him rub
his eyes and swear to abstain from alcoholic
bevgnages in the future There is a
great deal of color about the pictures
in this year's exhibition Perhaps the
most prominent picture ia that which
won the Shaw prize, which is offered bythe
same Mr Shaw who gives the prize for the best
picture downstairs in the exhibition of the So-
clety of American Ar®ste = This prize amounts
to $50, of which $26 goes to the best fake, $15 to
the second best, and $10to the third The So-
ciety of Fakirs itself offers a prize of $5 ‘forthe
least meritorious take.”

The tirst prize this year wes won by a fake
on Louis Loeb's portrait of Israel Zangwill
ae rene was composed it would hardly be
air to say painted-- by Samuel Jo Woolf. All
the painting in it was confined to Mr Zangwill's
coat and the outline of his face and eves
Real buttons were sowed on the canvas where
the buttons on the coat onghtto be A real tie
of spreading black was tied under the painted
chin, upholsterer's hair was glued in great quan-
tities over the spacious brow, and a false nose
of the sort seen at masquerndes, but of

a

is

that the

 

| corner of the

unusual length ee. oitintoe the room from
the centre of the countenance. Over the nose
is hunw a pair of droopy eyeglasses The
portrait is entitled “Isarea] Longnose’' An-
other parody of the same theme is called “Be
fore Taking—Israel's Unwell.” ree advertis-
{ng circular inthe corner advises all who may
notbe coneerned to take a well-known
patent medicine for that tired feeling
Still another variation portrays a woman
of Mr Zangwill’s type of countenance
withatrav of cheap tainkets hung about her
neok offering them for sale with an appealing
gesture in which the hands are raised, palms
up to the level of the shoulders,

John La Farge's “Divinity of Contemplation,”
which has so. prominent a position In
the exhibion downstairs, found many come
mentators among the fakirs Most of
them gave the = divinity § the = general
aspect of a sensuously gross cross-legged
idol, on which astream of water poured from
a blntfin the background, In Mr. La Farge's
pi ture the waterfall is also in the backwround
yut the fakirs seemed to think that it belonged
up tront

The most remarkable fake on this subject
which won the third fakirs’ prize is
said to he tw John At Large There
is a hole ai the upper right hand
canvas into which the visitor
may drop a marble (to be had of the tieket
taker for two for a cent.) Immediately the
right eyeof the divinity blinks most suegest-
ively anda second later her right toe, on whieh
in this case ‘the waterfall strikes, wiggles vio-
lently

Irving Wiles's pleture which won the Shaw
prize, ‘A Yellow Rose,” received much atten-
ton The winnerof the second Fakirs’ prize
took this as hissubject. Someot the Fakirs' tithes
were "A Yell Arose’’ and “Yell, © Rose,”’ and
they show young women with heir hands raised
tohair from which protrude paper roses in large
quantities, and starting back from all kinds of
snakes and dragons and mice coming out from
behind the furniture ‘The second prize fake {4
sald to be by “Deserving Our Smiles," of the
Soctety of the Merry Can Amists, for the Pshaw
Fund It was faked by Joseph Jones, Jr

The fakirs went savagely after William H
Hyde's “The Sisters” as had been predicted by
many who saw Mr. Hyde's work in the down-
stairsexhibition, Atypicalfake onthe “Sisters”
was culled the “Rubber Neck Sisters” and
sections of rubber hose connected tne women's
heads with thefr shoulders The arms were
kid gloves filed with sawdust. In the orignal
picture one of the arms of one of the sisters is
not) Apparent The fake shows three
stuffed gloves A fourth disappears
through oa hole ! the canvas and
is Jabelled “One arm gone to waste.”
Another comment is “Willie Hide? He Orter,”’
Kenyon Cox appears as "Chicken Pox" and
“Skin in Socks.” The
are remarkable fer the quantity if not for
the quality of the anatomy they display
Elizabeth Wo Roberts's portrait of a
awhit shawl isinterpreted by a woman ina
white night gown sittingin the same attitude,
but watehiies a dooron the ot side of whieh
asomevbat dilapidated looking tian appears
It is called. ‘b whi s (Coming

“The Closing Scene” of Bruce Crane is repre-
sented by “A Clothing Seene,” in which against
a background painted in Mr. Crane's brownest
and most subdued tanner are a number. of
trees made of real twies, from one to another
of thei a plece of twine is stretehed and on
the twine hangs a tiny pair of blue overalls

Bryson Burroughs bas in the exhibition
downstairs a pleture he called “The City of the
Towers,” showing a bit of New York water-
front with a background of tall buildings, in

foreground a ian. is a canal

'

!

|

|

|

{

|
the towing
boat, single-handed “and alone Phe fakirs
have caricatured this with a fake In
which the skyscrapers are so high that they
protrude through the top of the frame and ap-
pear onthe upper margin of the frame with
cotton clouds roosting on the lightning roda
Down below, the man who was towing the
canal boat is kicking about in the alr hetween
the ends of the rope “But-weWho Cut the

tone, is the title of the Fake

|

|

|

|

|

|

Altogether the fakirs think that thelr ex-

We make all liveries—make
them right; but if there is one
livery that we make better than
any other, that livery is whip-
cord.

The livery you need now.

The livery we are prepared to
| give you now,
| Livery for both indoor and
outdoor servants—all of them.

Rogers, Peet &» Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
669 Hroadway, cor. Prince

ord:
1360 Broadway, cor. 324. wom aid

by mall.

png tee

bao

vou:

attributed to him |

Indy in |

—_—

| pibjte this year is one of the best they have ever
The Judges of the exhibition, Bruce
Crane, J. Francis Murphy and L. (, Earle
thought #0 too. On Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock
there will be an auction of the
| fakes, to which the fakira are expected to
eome in costume
riders need come, however, with nothing but
Inoney
| devoted.to the Fakirs' Scholarship Fund
quemenemetmmenmet

RUIS RIVERA RESIGNS.

| A Vacancy in Gen, Wood's
Change tn Policy.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Havana, April 24--Ruis Rivera, Secretary of
Agriculture, sent a letter of resignation to Gen
Wood to-day. He explained that because of
the differences arising between Gen, Wood and
himself as the result of hia recently published

Cabinet-No

the American Government to withdraw from
the island by December, 190), he felt compelled

The proceeda of the auction will be

letter urging all the political parties to petition |
|

togive up his office. Gen Wood replied, ac-
cepting the resignation and expressing salis-
faction with the work done by Sefior Rivera
Other members of the Cabinet had asked him
if the differences between himself and Sefior

by the intervening Government. Gen. Wood

It is announced that out. |

|) And his wife both burst into tears.

CLARKE DIVORCE CASE UP.

THE HUSBAND AND WIFE IN TEARS
IN TUE COURT-KOOM,

In a Reply to a Letter From the Husband the
Wife Adinitted Unwise Conduct, and
Pleaded for a Reunion She Declared That
Her Flirting Had Ended tn New York.

Pirtsacne, Pa., April24. The trial of the di-

Vvorce suit of James K. Clarke against his wife,

Father Bartlett Clarke, was resumed this after-

noon before JudveJohnM Kennedy. The session

lasted not more than half an hour, [twas inter-
rupledby adramatic scene, when the plaintiff

When the

Cuse Wis resumed Mra, Clarke took the stand

and Mr. Goehring, Clarke s counsel, continued

the oross-exuimining which be began on last

Friday. Mrs. Clarke said she had made a mis-

take in her previous testimony, and that she

had taken lunch witha party of which MacIn-
tosh Kejlowu, the eo-respondent, Was a inem-
ber, on the day of the wedding.

A letter from Clarke to bis wife dated May 20,

: | 1800, Was introduced, in which the libellant said
Rivera had relation to any change In policy |

informed them that they had not, adding that |

the reorganization of the country and the
establishment ofa stable government were to be
pushed rapidly, a proof of which was the coming
municipal elecdons. Gen. Wood further says
that he and the Cabinet all regret that Seftor
Rivera {s unable to lend his ald to the objects
of the American Government and the desires of
the Cuban people. Gen. Wood is undecided as
to who shall succeed him. Sefior Lacoate is
prominently mentioned.

The North American Trust Company has
bought $780,000 worth of first mortgage 6 per
cent. Havana bonds, the quotation of which in
the market is 112 bid, 114 asked.

SIPIDIO'S CRIME REHEARSED.

To Show the Court How the Shots Were Fired
at the Prince of Wales.
Speeial Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Brvsses. April 24.—The scene of the attack
on the Prince of Wales at the railway station
was reénacted this morning forthe purpose of
getting evidence in the trial of Sipidio. A
Magistrate occupied the Prince's seat while
Sipidio made the gesture of aiming a pistol.
Sipidio denies that he stood on his tiptoes when
firing: which, considering his short stature is
meant to prove that he fired at random, It
was found that the distance from where Sinidio
stood to where the Prince sat was less than five
feet.

RAILROAD TO PEKIN.

The Line Across Siberia to Be Continued to
the South,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

SHANOHAI, April 24.—The China Gazette says
Russia has compelied China to consent to the
building of the Pekin-Kiakhta Railway. It is
to be run nominally by both nations, but will
really beunderthe control of the Russo-Chinese
Bank. This road will form the eastern end of
the Siberian Railway.

RUSSIAN

NEW NAVY FOR SPAIN,

Silvela Will Ask the People to Make a Patri-
otic Financtal Sacrifice.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
Maprip, April 24. - Sefior Silvela, President of
the Council. and Minister of Marine, intends to
ask the country to make a great financial sacri-
flee with a view of constructing @ new navy.
Sefior Dato, Minister of the Interfor, is en-
gaged in drawing upascheme for reforms in
| departmental administration,

Capt. Leon Says Boers Are Undaunted,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Paris, April 24

Creusot gun works, who was wounded while

fighting with the Boers, arrived at Marseilles toe

day. He reports that the Boers are full of ight
and are sanguine of their ultimate success.

Fire in the Budapest Bourse,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Bepaprer, Apri! 24--During business hours
| to-day the l’alais Rourse caught fire and within
| fifteen minutes the glass roof fellin witha tre-
mendous crash The fire was extinguished
however, and the building saved.

The Abbey's Owner Acquitted.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Manta, April 24.—After atrial lasting three
| days before Judge Hull of the Provost Court,

| Louis Spitzel, owner of the steamer Abbey, was
| acquitted to-day of the charge of smuggling

jewelry into Manila

Pope Receives Princess Stephanie and Her
Husband.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

hour's
bride, the Princess Stéphante
was received with royal honors.

The Prinoess

SUES JOHN D, ROCKEFELLER.

James Corrigan, a Cleveland Vessel Merchant,
Asks 6830,000 Damages.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 24.--John D. Rocke-
feller js defendant in a sult put on trial
| before Judge [Lamson in Common Pleas
Court here to-day. James Corrigan, a

| vessel merchant, charges that he lost
about $830,000 in selling Standard Oil Trust
| stcok te Mr. Rockefeller. The charges against
| Mr. Rockefeller were read to the Court: from

 

with Judge Stevenson Burke, represents Corri-
, gan
) Corrigan alleges that he owned 2,500 slinres of
Standard Oil Trust certificates previous to
Mareh 14, 1805 Rockefeller loaned Corrigan
| money to the amount of $415,763, and in order
| to secure paymentof theloan Kockefeller was
)} made special trustee of Corrigan’s stock,
Corrigan sold his stock to Rockefeller for
$420,000. Corrigan now claims that the
were worth $500 each, ora total of $1,250,000,
and he says Mr. Rockefeller schemed by oun-
ning tricks to induce him to enter into the
contract
BURNING OF PANUCO, MEXICO.
Nearly 500 Bulldings and Shacks Destroyed
~2,000 Persons Homeless,

Tampico, Mex, April 24—Particulars of the
destruction by fire yesterday of the town of
Panuco, situated about ferty miles southwest
on the river of that name, reached
to-day The fire started in a thatched Mexican
hut and was spread so rapidly by the high
wind that many persons narrowly escaped
with their lives. Nearly 500 buildings were
dostroyed few of thern were built of
substantial material, but most of them were
mere jacals Several warehouses containing
large stores of hides and dye-woods were
burned. The 2,000 homeleas persons are being
taken care of. The town will be rebuilt at
once.

HELEN GOULD DECLINES,

Writes That She Will Bo Unable To Attend
Chicago's Dewey Celebration.

Caicaco, April 24.—The problem how to en-
tertain Miss Helen Gould if she should come to
Chicago for the Dewey celebration has been
solved. A letter, written by Miss Gould to

Mayor Harrison, in which she declines the invi-
vation, was receivedto day. The letter eaid
"Miss Gould cordially thanks the city of
Chicago for the kind invitation to attend the
celebration of the second anniversary of battle

-Capt. Leon, the agent of the |

| MeDonald vesterdas

| atreets
Rome, April 24.--The Pope to-day granted an |
interview to Count Lonyay and his |

the petition*hy Attorney HL. H. Poppleton, who, |

shares |

here |

of Manila, April 30 and May 1, and she re- |

arets that engagements already formed will
| detain her in New York. She sends good
wishes for the success of the occasion.”

HARPER & BROS,’ REORGANIZATION.

State Trust Company Brings a Foreclosure
Sulit on the 83,000,000 Mortgage.

The State Trust Company as trustee of the
8,000 bonds of $1,000 each, iseued by Harper &
Bros, has brought an action in the Supreme

Court to foreclose the mortgage given by Har-
ver & Bros. to secure the paymentaf the bonds

here is $320,000 due in interest on the bonds
The mortgage covers all the real estate of the
corporation on Cliff and Pearl streets, ita ma-
chinery, plant, franchises and copyrights. The
action is brought at the request of the owners
of 2,500 of the bonds.

-

Dress Goods Sale at O’Nei!l's. Ps

If you are seeking @ bargain in Black Dress Goods
read their advertisement o-day. Sith
2161 S\—Ads, . By, re

that he would not live wilh Mrs) Clarke again
on account of her allewed cruel and inhuman
treatment. Mra Clarke was asked to identily
the docutient os a copy of one received by her,
Shedid so Col Worthington, Mrs Clarke's coun-
sel, produecd ihe original at this point andit
wis also identitied it hed been sent by regis-
tered mail, A leiter dated May 25, is, written
by Mrs. Clarke in answer to the one from her
husband, was then showed to her She read it
over carefully and several minutes were con-
sured It consisted of several typewritten
puees. Sheanswered

“L wrote that letter, Mr. Goehripg, and I
should very much like that you should read itto
the jury"

‘In that letter yan implored him to come
back?" said Mr Goehring

Col, Worthington insisted that Mr Goehring
rend the whole letter

“Oh, LT implore you, Col. Worthington, don’t
read the letterin this crowded court room,”
Mr Goehring said ‘There are things in it,
matters for hushand and wife, that ought not
to be made public.”

Mr. Goehring himself refused to read the let-
ter, saving he had not offered Gt in evidence
The following are some of the extracts he read:

‘Ithas all come back. Thefold love that 1
had at first has all come§back, You are my
husband and you should proteet me. Don't
drive me to desperation or you will be sorry
someday. The way Taoted in New York was
heartless, unkind, and it is a wonder you did not
killme  Llook back now and don't see how I
cou dhave doneit) Butimy flirting ended in New
York and any one who says different lies. I
treated you damnably but Lask you to forgive
me this ouer and, by God, 1 will make you a
true good wife The two stories I told were
viulear and unwise "

The “stories are supposed to have been told
in the carriage Where Clarke, his wife and Kel-
loge were out riding giter the trip to Larch-
mont. Onthis doy Mrs Clarke previously testi-
fied, her husband seemed to . sleepy. One
sentence in the letter, Mrs Clarke said, reads

“I'll oame to the ranch and we will buns to-
gether.” Mr. Goehring says it reads

“T'lL ecome to the torch and we will burn to-
gether,”

It is evident from the handwriting that tha
letier Was wriiten uoder excitement. The en-
tire letter will probably be offered in evidence
to-morrow

During the reading of the extracta Clarke,
who ; ind Mr Goehring, hid his
face iandkerchief and sobbed violently
Mrs. Clarke, who was on the witness stand,
cried when she saw her husband weep, and her
answers were [frequently interrupte d with tears,

sitting beh

WOMAN NOT MEANT FOR WORK,

So a Jury Decidcs, and Therefore She Cannot
be a Vagrant,

Cuicaco, April 244--A woman cannot bea
vagrant, because Woman was not made to work,
was the decision of a jury in Justice Martin's
court yesterday. Mrs. Mary Henning was prose
ecuted for vagrancy the Central
Bureau of Clhamties, assisted by Mr. Hitt of 2537
Michigan avenue anda maid representing the
household of Bis} Mrs Kate
Kane Rossi nded the prisoner and raised
the point thata woman could not bea vagrant
Sle induced the jury to agree with ber. The

by ofleers cf

op Charles Chenes

woman had begged at Michigan avenue houses |

for three years.

TUNNEL DIGGERS READY,
Walting for the Lawyers to Get the Contracts
in Shape to Be Signed,

vive Committee of the Papid Trane
struction Company met yestere
iy afternoon to consider the bids for the six
provided for and

f the eight contracts

The Fixes

sit Subway Cor

ections of the work not ver

© discuss the final ter

that were awarded a week ago Podg-
ers, Who haa the contract to build the Harlem
River tunnel said yesterday that he
was ready t ein work as soon as the cone
tract Was ready

said John B,

“This «
merely a matter of

form for the lawyers Thave the most perfect
contidence in all of my sub-contractors and
have told thein to go uhead and make prepara-
tions for their work "°

Contractor dames Pilkington, who ie to build
anewreser to take the place of the eastern
section of the Canal street sewer, will begin
work in about a week at South and Orchard
He has compieted 825 feetof tha new
Bleecker sireet sewer and will finish that job in
another month

Richard Croker, {t was said yesterday, has
sugested that the first car sent through the
subway be named “Tammany.”

Johns

seCTION,

the contract,”

Kelsey Rapid Transit Bill a Law.

ALBANY, April 24. -Gov. Roosevelt has signed
Assemblyman Kelsey's bill providing that the
New York Rapid Transit Tunnel Railroad con-
tractor may file a continuing bond, and that
the Rapid Transit Conuanissfon may eonstruct
rapid transit routes in and connecting all of the
boroughs of the city

P. D. Armonr Back in Chicago,

Curcaco, April24.— PD. Armour returned to
Chicago last night restoredjto health) He will re-
mnainin Chileago two weeks andin that iime the
corporation of the Arin Company will be ens
arged by absorption of Armour plants in Kan-

as Cityandin Omaha Mr. Armour will then
legve for Germany to again take baths at Nau-
hein, sailing from New York op May 10. Mr,
Aryiour says he isto better health than for five

SHIPWRECKED
IN HEALTH

Who irust to Dr. Pierce’s Golden
Medical ‘Discovery. It oures ninety-
eight r cent. of all who use {t.
Old forms of disease, obstinate
cough, weak lungs, spitting of
blood, weakness and emaciation are
perfectly and permanently cured by
this powerful remedy.

‘My wife had hemorrhage
lungs,” writes W. A Senden Beg, ot
Hern, Mason Cp., W. Va. “She had
ten hemorrhages, and the people all
around here said she would never be
well again Rut she began to take
Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discove
and she soon began to gain strengt
and flesh, After taking ten bottles she
was entirely well, If any one doubts
this, they may enclose self addressed
envelope with stamp, and I will answer,”

Sick persons are invited to consul
Dr. Pierce by letter free of dears,
All correspondence strictly private.
Address Dr, R. V. Pierce,

Buffalo, N. Y.

W. & J. Sloane

are now showing an anusually pleasing spring-time
assortment of attractive and serviceable

CHINESE AND JAPANESE

MATTINGS

of an exceptional high quality, for town and country

houses during the summer Season.

prises over 200 designs.

The display com-

Broadway s 19th Serect.

CLERGYMAN HELD FOR BIGAMY.

Charge That He Deserted a Wife tn England
and Married a Nebraska Girl,

Buair, Neb, April 24.--The British Govern-
ment has induced the State Department to in-
vestigate the report that the Rev. Rowland P
Hills, LL. D., under arrest at Tacoma for
bigamy, will be lynched when returned here for
trial. While feeling is high here, the ex-clergy-
man iasafefrom violence. He is fighting the
requisition.

The case is an extraordinary one, Rowland
P. Hill or Hills, as the English letters give his
name, was married here at the Episcopal
church by Rector Young on March 11, 1899, to
Dolly Powell, daughter of Edgar Powell. fiills
was formerly a priest of the Church of England
at Bolsover, Chesterfield. He wae married, it is

alleged, to Miss Adsetts of that place about 1893, |

and left her in January, 1896, coming to Phila

delphia,
of the same year, and again came to the United
Sfates in August with his ordination papers.
He entered upon church work in New York, but
his wife's letters followed him, according to the
reports current here, and the Bishop revoked
his license. He then went to Atlantic, Ia,
and again, it is said, his license was taken away
fromhim. Th r+hegot acq: ad vied y ith the Pow-
eu family, with whoin he came to Blair and en-
gagedinthe mi'k business. He kept.away from
church people, and the Rev. Mr. Young, who
had been warned to look out for one Dr. Hills,
little thought that the man who browsnt milk to
his back door was the one he was to beware ot

It was at the request of the young woman's
parents and upon affidavits of Hills that he had
never been married that Mr Young consented
to perform the marriage ceremony. He had

He returned to England in February |

misgivings Concerning the man on account of |

his refined manners. Upon learning that Hills
wus the man of whom he had been warned
about ten months,before he took steps to have
him arrested

Sheriff Mencke left here last Wednesday and
has had the manarrested in Tacoma. A tele-
gram announces that Hilis has begun habeas
corpus proceedings and will fightagainst com-
ing back. His English wife left Engiand April
14and is expected to be in Blair ina day or
two. From letters received from England he
seems to have been prominent there. He is a
graduate and LL.D. of Cambridge and is 44
years old, but he gave his age here at the time
he was married as thirty-seven.

ELECTION IN THE SIXTY*NINTH.

Major Putnam Bradlee Strong Selected for
Lieutenant-Colone)l.

ninth Regiment armory last evening by Col. |

| Duffy that an election will be held for a Lieu-
tenant-Colonel and Senior Major next Tuesday
evening, May 1. The vacancies are of long
standing. Col. Duffy, when asked who would
be elected to the Lieutenant-Coloneley, said:

") canno
point to a young man who enlisted in the regi-
ment and gained eetincyeon in the Philippines
where he was wounded "

This fits the description of Major Putnam
Bradiee Strong, son of ex-Mayor Strong, and

say further than that the signs |

now snspector on the staff of Brig.-Gen George |

; Moore Smith It 1s generally understood
| among the other offlcers that Major Strong is
the candidate selected In the Philippines he
was Aasistant Adjutant-General on the staif of
Gen. Arthur MacArthur, and was slightly
wounded by a Filipino bullet
For Senior Major the candidates are Capt
Michael Lynch of Company A and Capt. Dantel
Devlin of H, the chances favoring the latter

OBITUARY.

Traugott B. Richter. a Forty-niner and one
of the oldest compositors in this city, died
yesterday at his home in Brooklyn. He was
in his sixty-seventh year. Kichter began
work as a printer at the age of 15 and when
the rush for the California gold flelds began
in 1869 he sailed around the Horn to San Fran-
cisco. Subsequently he became foreman of the
composing room of the St. Louia Republic. Aftcr
realigning that place he came to thiacity, about
twenty-three years ago, and was appointed
foreman of the composing room of the Eren-
tig Mail. He retained his place when the
paper became the Matl and Erpreas, but about
ten years
unionized the office, he and the entire com-
posing room force were discharged. Richter
jhen, got aplace as “make-up” man on the Even
ing Poat. e took charge of the financial pages.
He was noted for the rapidity and accuracy
of his work,

Cooke Lounabery, one of Connecticut's best
known lawyers and one of the oldeat members
ot the Hartford county bar, died at his home
in Hartford yesterday, at the age of 72 years
Death resulted from paralysie. He graduated
from Yale with the highest honors in 1852, and

| three years later was admitted to the New
Haven county bar, and had practised forty-
five vears, up to the time of his retirement.
He was elected Clerk of the State House of
| Representatives as a Union Democrat in 1842.
; During his practice he engaged in 2.500 cases,

Court won twenty-five
Prof Charles Thayer Reed Smith, principal of

the Lansing>yre Academy and a well-known |

educator, died yesterday morning in Lansing-
burg. He was bornin ocriegnville 68 years
ago, and was graduated from Williams
College in 1868. After teaching at Fayetteville
gre Port Byron he waa chosen principal of the
Jansingburg Academy in August, 1872. He was
President of the State Association of Academic
Principals and frequently waa in charge of im-
portant work for the Board of Regents

Justin M. Cooley, aged 85, owner of Cooley's

| Hotelin Springfield, Maas, and one of the old-
est and best known hotel men in the country,
died at Springfield yesterday. He was born hh
Amherst, ard in 1844 went to New Yorkto
carry ona broom and woodenware business at
12 Fulton street In 1850 he opened the hotel in
Springfleld that bears his name and which he
carried on with success until a few vears ago
when he sold it to hia nephew He was at one
time a member of the Legislature

Ira Perego, formerly a well-known men's

furnisher af Nassau and Fulton streets, died
on Monday’ after a short ilinass He was born
in }824 and while still a boy entered the furn-
isiiug business which hie father, Ira Perego,
vid started in 1782, In 1890 he moved to Pari
row and = several years inter retired. His
wife, Emma Kellogg, died about ten years
muro, Two sons and two daughters survive
m™
her term of service and at Fair Onks was
the only woman in a brigade of 3,00
soldiers She was taken prisoner ‘at
the battle of Bull Run but received a pass
through the dine by renson of her
well known kindness to the o
At the battle of Gettysburg acne ig og
anal anece., A rer ate ashell burst in her
font ‘ust aftershe had left it. MiasP ’
President of the War Nurses ‘suoeation™ ™

Harriet Dame, the veteran Civil War nurse |

died at her home, Concord, NH, last
She was born in Barnstead, N H
1815. At the outbreak of the Civil
she joined the army as a
nd remained in the service until mustered

t in December, 1985 She waa with the
econd New Hampshire during most of

Wilham Merle py eed | who had been
romany years in charge of the book bindery
of Appleton & Co., died on Monday at hia hres
(52 St. Mark's avenue, Brooklyn. He’ was
formerly the owner of the property in Flat-
bush now known as Matthew's Park

Steen Fdwarda, a florist, died yeeterd:
his ninetieth year at his home in heen
N. J.,. He leaves eight sons, one of when’
Odin R Edwards, is Suyerintendent of the
Vethodist Epi-coval Hospital of Philadephia.
Ale was born in Denmark.

A K. Spence, nrofeasor of Greak and Frene
at the Vanderbilt. Univer-ity, Wnehvilie Tene
died there yesterday, aged 60 veurs c .

night.
on July, 18,

Jottings About Town,

Justi Fitegerald deeided esterday to
David Hyams receiver of the viaaens of Nese e
Marka, wholesale dealers in clothing at 600 Broad-
aoe Py prouane by eene Marks, the other
, * st Mr. ams for a diss
bership vi issolution of pare

and of thirty-two before the Federal Supreme |

ottall her per- |

War in isei |
nurse |

' bers of the Gen

ago, when the late klliot F. Shepard |
U

| Preparation pernieate

The world is deep

in debt to the DOC.

TOR of DENTAL

SURGERY and

millions of beneficiaries prove
it. Believe this:

A skilful dentist and a
reliable, efficient dentifrice are
necessary. Neither one nor the
other alone can do it all.

Give them a fair trial,
Wherever you find a good den-
tist you can buy Sozodont,

Try it. NEW SIZB
of the ideas. wane | the rennet,
Large uld and Powder together,
At the stores or by mail for the price.

ozodont

P.O, Box 247, N. Y. City,
HALL & RUCKEL Londoa

few York

TAILORING and CLOTHING—
quite a difference in the terms
Tailoring, that’s our business; we
make the clothes to fit you,
Clothing, we don’t keep—you are
twisted to fit them—see the dif-
ference. Our cost is no more
than you are asked for the other.

W. OC. LOFTUS & C0.

| The announcement was made at the Sixty- |

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge.
Broadway, near 28th Street.

AT A FUNERAL,

RUNAWAY

Team Scatters Washington Rifle Guards aad
Knocks Down the Chaplain.

An unmanageable team of horses broke up @
funeral yesterday afternoon at 106th street and
First avenue. The funeral was that of John
Keck of 227 Fast 124th street. About fifty mem-
Washington Rifle Guards, of
which the dead man had been a member,
formed the van of the procession. The Guards
were to drop out at 106th street and First ave-
nue

The commander brought his mentoa halt
and formed in lineto let the funeral pass. Aa
the second carriage came along the horses made
a dash for the sidewalk, scattering the Guards
rightand left Henry Effendi, the chaplain,
was knocked down aud min over, receiving &
scalp wound and internal injuries He was re-
movedto Harlein Hospital. The horses started
down the avenue, but were stopped at 104th
street by Policeman Reilly without serious mise
hap to the occupants of the carriage

HER GLORY WAS HER AAIR.

Mrs. Blume Had It Cat Off; Wouldn't Grow
Again and She Tried Suicide.

PHILADELPHIA, April 24.—By taking a mize
ture of carbolic acid and rough on rats, in de-
spair because her hair would not grow long,
Mrs. I'redricka Blume attempted suicide toe
day at her residence, 607 South Eleventh street
She is nowin the Pennsylvania Hospital and
the physicians say her condition is erticnl
Mrs. Blume is about 35 years old, and up to @
short time ago has always been proud of her
long, black hair. About Christmas time it bes
gan to fallout rapidly. Acting upon the ad-
vice of a specialist, she had her hair elipped
and began a vigorous treatment with tonics
to reatore vigorto the roots All seemed tr
vain. The hair refused to grow and Mrs
Biume became ashamed of her shorn hea
This preyed on ber mind until she became dose
perate,

MRS. WEBSTER WAS SENSITIVE.

Killed Herself Because Her Friends Jeered
at Her Silk Waist.

Mrs. Mary Webster killed herself yesterday
with carbolic acid at her home, 2253 Third

avenue. She bought a silk waist yesterday,
and when she showed the garment to her hus-
band and some of his friends they Jeered at it
and criticised her taste. Then she went into
the kitchen and swallowed the poison,

Killed Herself With Gas.

Dr. Herman Weber of 2082 Ainsterdam ave-
nue reported to the Coroner last night the bul-
cide of Mrs Betty Bruel, 46 years old, of the
same ac dress The Coroner notified
the polfee, but when Polleeman O'Mara of
the West 2d street station went ‘o

the house Dr Weber at first refusedto let him
in) O'Mera insisted and finally got into the
house where he learned that Mrs Bruel had
killed herself by inhaling gas. Shewasthe wife
of Frederick Bruel, a downtown business man,
the police said

A BUSY FACTORY.

Never Closes Its Doors, Day or Night.

‘as the pure food
, ltd, of
never shuts

The famous “white city,
factories of the Postum Cereal Co
Battle Creek, Mich., are called,
down day or night. The great
heated upare kept going, as are the grinding
mills, blending machines, mixing machines, and
the entire plant, the day Inborers, men and
women, are replaced at six o'clock in the even-
ing by a night foree

The name “white city’ was given by the c
zens to the location owing to the color of the

numerous factory buildings, which are painted
pure white, with very dark bronze green trini-
mings

[he utmost clean!iness
out, and the uppetizing «

ovens once

observed throug
dors from the food. \n
the airin all direc

Their products, Grape-Nuts breaktast j
and Postum Cereal Food Coffee, go all
world to the breakfast tables of the we
Japanese and Chinese, and to the high-euste
Brobininsof india, to the Rinperor of German
to Royalty tn italy, to Great Britain, Sov!
Americg, cod they are found in practically
of the best homes in America

By scientific ss tion of the certain 7 t
Brains which supply Phosphate of Potash and
other important elements tor quiekly rebu
ing the most delicate parts of the humap bed
(brain and nerve centres), and making up there-
froyi a most delicious food, Grape-Nuts, and @
breakfast food-drink, lostum Cereal Coffee,
this firm has become known as the foremost
producers of Health Foods in the world, and
their name affixed toa package of food ia sul-
Gient evidence of its purity and excellence.—Ade

over the

rts