WKINLEY VISITS CANTON,

PRESIDENT AND WIFE GREETED
WARMLY AT THEIR HOME,

 

A Throng of Citizens Welcome Them at the
the Station They Make an Inspection of
Their House Now Being Remodelled Some
of the Changes That Are Being Made.

Cantos, Ohio, April 24. President and Mrs,

McKinle
yisit to their old home
daviieht

Ovations to the party
this morning, cheering

began with
crowds greening the train atevery station and
wherever the train stopped, The President at
severa, pinces appeared on the rear platform
and sheok bands with as many as the tine
@ould permit

There wus no organized demonstration tn
Canton, he friends of the President having
publica innounced that it was his wish that

there be none But as soon as the train ap-
peared in the east nen in shops along the track
jeft their work to hang out of windows or line
up along the track fora shout and a cheer until
atthestation a deafening volume of cheers
went up from a mass of people who had gatlit-
ered on the platforms. President and Mrs.
McKinley went direct to the M. C Barber home
where they will be entertained by Mrs, McKin-
ley sister during their stay

Hundreds of old friends and neighbors called
during the day and evening, The President
made an early visit to his old home and later
drove to the house with Mrs. McKinley fora
more thorough inspection. Then they wentto
the cemetery to lay flowers on the graves of
their children and other relatives, The Presi-
dent also called at the Government building to
see Judge Day and on his tenants in his office
and business block. Washington telegrams
kept him well advised on the affairs of state and
gavehim an early report on the Quay case,
which he received with eviden interest but
without comment.

Atthe visit to his old home, which {fs being
renovated, Mr. McKinley shook hands with all
the workmen, many of whom were old acquaint-
ances. To the casual visitor the McKinley cot-
tage on Market street hill, the Mecca of the
Republicans of the nation in 1896, to-day gives
the appearance of rush work. Notwithstanding
this appearance, Contractor H, KR. Jones
eayvs there {3 no disposition to complete
the work before July 1, although all of the

workmen will be out of the building before that
time The visit of the President and Mrs
McKinley this afternoon resulted inno change
{n the general plans and not even @ material
suggestion. Mrs. McKinley did not go beyond
the first floor

Outwardly there ts little change {n the cottage

ithe days of many delegations. But once

inside the door the changes “become apparent
First of all isa little vestibule leading Into the
old hallway, Which has been more than doubled
inlenth The reception rootn where all visitors
{n 1808 were received and the room across the
ral, Mrs. MeKinley's favorite place during the
delegation period, remain thesame, except that
each is now connected with the hall by a wide
opening. With these the original order of the
interior ends. Back of the generalreception room
aretwomodest communicating rooms desig-
nated on the plans as a double library. Back
of these is a dining room of liberal dimensions
and a kitchen in. proportion to the en-
larged size of the house with china closets,
pantry, bathroom and other side apartments.
At the end of the long new hall is the stairway
with its two landings

The entire second story has been remodelled
It now includes seven chambers with three bath
moms In one of these will be fitted upthe
magnifleent enamel bath tub inlaid with gold
leaf and elaborately decorated, carried to the
cottage in. 1896 by a delegation of workmen
from a Pennsylvania factory. Numerous
clothes presses and small rooms have also
been added. The years that have intervened
since the continuous tread of the political pil-
grims have resulted ina good growth of grass
on the lawn and the property from the outside
now appears muchas it did that day in June
when the people of this territory went in masses
to tell Major McKinley thathe had been nom-
inated for the Presidency

No authoritive announcement has been made
of the probable use of the property. That itis
to be immediately furnished and made ready
for oocupancy is known, and that the McKinleys
willspenda part of the summer there i. sur-
mised One who pretends to be familiar with
the President's plans says that it is to be ocen-
fed continuously by “some member of the
ainity '* The onty deduction that canbe drawn
from this is that Miss Helen Mehiniey, who
lived here until the death of Mother McKinley,
{is toreturn here and keep house for the Presi-
dent until his public duties release him to take
up a permanent residence in Canton. Even
with the improvements the house cannot be
rated as pretentious.

Itis of astyle of archi-
tecture of several decades past with which the
new parts are made to conform

 

fror

t islarge and
commodious beyond its outside appearances,
Tt will have fifteen rooms besides the halls and
reception parlors,

In the morning, before the average politician
fs out of bed, the President will be speeding his
way to Cleveland ona purely personal mission
—to visit his sister, Mrs A.J. Duncan, and Miss
Helen Mckinley. He will return here in the
early evening, making both trips in his private
car attached to regular trains. The party will
leave here at4o'clock on Thursday afternoon
as special on the Pennayivanialine to Pittebure,
where the private cars will be attached to the
regular train for Washington.

 

CHANCELLOR M'GILL BURIED.

Eminent Citizens of New Jersey and All the
Legislature at the Funeral,

The train bearing the body of the late Chan-
cellor Alexander T. McGill of New Jersey, his
fami!y and friends left the Pennsylvania Rail-
road depot, Jersey City, at 1040 A. M. yester-
dav Private services according to the Episeco-
pailan ritual were held at the house, only the
relatives anda few intimate friends being pres-
ent Theservices were conducted by the Rev
Frederic Mortimer, rector of St. Mark’s Church,
of which the Chancellor's widow isa member,
Among those present at the services were Col
andMre bE A Stevens of Castle Point, Hobo-
ken Mr and Mrs. Richard Stevens, Mrs. E. P.
C Lewis, Miss Lewis, Edw ard A. S Lewis, Dr
John D. MeGill, Vies-Chancellor Pitney, Su-
DPreme Court Justices Collins and Dixon and
Judge John A. Blair, and the Chancellor's
widow and his three sisters. The funeral pro-
cession arrived at the depot at 12:25. The
special train wasin waiting. Among those who
boarded the train were United States Attor-
hev-Ceneral Griggs, Gov. Voorhees, Chief Jus-

  

 

tice Magie, Attorney-General Grey, E. F.C

ng, senator Johnston, Fo Woleott Jackson,
‘ Krueger, Mayor Hoos, Justice Lippin-
co Vice-Chancellor Reed, Chief of Police
Murphy, Col. John J. Toffey, Chief of Police

donovan

f Hoboken, former Gov. George T.
{Henry W. Devitt
* funeral services were held in the
sbyterian Church at Princeton in the
mn They consisted in the reading of
ture by President Francis T. Patton of
eton University and prayer by the Rey,
& oR Warfield of the Theolowieal Seminary
Sit members of the University Glee Club sang
us, Lover of My Soul," and “Rock of Ages.’
*interment wasin the old Princeton Ceme-
ind the burial services were conducted by
Dr Parr The Legislature attended the
8 a body

  
  
 

  
 

 

MAY SUCCEED CHANCELLOR M'GILL,

Justice Magie Said to Have Been Practically
Dectded On by Gov. Voorhees.

Princeton, N J., April 24, It was reported
here to-day on good authority that Gov. Foster
Voorhees of Naw Jersey has practically decided

On the appointment of Chief Justice William

' .
Magie as hancellor of the Court of Chancery
t

fil the vacancy left by thedeath of Alexan-
Ger T McGill. Should Justice Magie accept the
GPpointment well-informed mensay that it is

 

Associate Justice Gilbert Collins of
’ ll be chosen as Chief Justica and
ioe of Associate Justice will be ten-
© Allan Strong of Elizabeth, an attorney
ennevivania Railroad in New Jersey

     
     

 

eeent conversation with a friend Chief

* Mag u 1 that he would not
the ¢ ve but it is understood
nas ced his mind since

PFIT IN FRONT OF THE TRUCK

Driver Says He Was tn No Way Responsible
for Davis's Death,
ind, a truekman, of 82 Ludlow
vgnedin the Centre street po-
terday morning charged with
paving Msed death of Harry Davis in
“ad "= Park Row yesterday morning. The
Brisoner said that he was driving through Park
ind saw Davis, who wae ap-

B, Anne! Fre
Street waa ar
"

1P® Omer

 

 

nt ited, leaning against a post in
I before Freund’s§ truck
bac ard and his head
t Freund said that his

1 the fallen man. Davis
© Hudson street hospital where
ir later He lived in a Bowery

pk ove Freund was committed to the
OF the Coroner

}
. list

   

 

irrived here this morning for a brief |

THESE MEN GOT PHEASANTS.

Distribution of the Missing Birds Raised at
the State Matchery,

ALBANY, April 24—Itisknown now who got
the pheasants which the State Forest, Fish and
Game Commission had propagated at the Bath
hatchery, At the final meeting of the outgoing
commission to-day Commissioner Babcock of

| Rochester absolutely denied giving any orders

|

 

for the distribution and said that the commis-
sion had done right in removing Superintend-
entof Hatcheries Annin for disposing of the
birds without the authority of the commission,

After the birds had been distributed Commis-
sioners Davis, Thompson and Weed each got
twelveof those that remained, It had been the
{ntention of the old commission to give each of
the five commissioners forty of the birds to dis-
tribute in their districts and every one of the

pheasants had already been promised by the
commissioners, Butsupt Annin willed other-
wine Of the 344 pheasants 72> have been
retained at the Bath hatchery for breeding
purposes Besides those taken by he
commissioners the others were distributed to
the following persons: Charles Francis, Troy,
& James ©. Hart, & COS. Chittenden, 10;
bk. J. Burke, 1, P._ V.. Chittenden, 6;
1). M. Gordon, 4; David Little, 6: George H.
Emerson, 3, Henry Peters, 6; C. Ro Skinner, 10;
Horace © Brewster, & J. O. Spelman, 4, all of
Rochester, A. C. Chase, 4 Henry Lacey, 2;
GE. Warner, 2; Charles Hiscock, 2; Anson E,
Alvord, 2: ¢ H Holcomb, 2: Fred’ G. Gregory,
2, all of Syracuse, H. FP. Whittenhall, Green,
A

Chenango county, 9; N. Cheney of Glens
Fails, who sneceeds Mr Annin as Superinten-
dent of Hatcheries,

165; KE. Smith & Sons,
Geneva, 10; O B Mitchell, Holley, Orleans
county, 10; Fo P. Weaver, Lockport, 6; Henry
Robinson, Bridgewater, Oneida county, 3
James Creed, Skaneateles, 2; Silas Park, Ona-
tivia, Onondaga county, 2; — Dick Morse,
Hlastings, Oswego county, 2; H. N. Mosher,
Parish, Oswego county, 2; P. J. C. Becker,
Jamesville, Onondaga county, 2; W. H. Deitzel,
Wayland, Steuben county, 1, William Wolf,
Waterford, 2; James A. Drake, Corning, 4, J
Annin, Jr., Caledonia, 8; EF. Robbins, Cortland,
10, WE: Eager, Warwick, 6 H. A. Read
Smithville, Chenango county, 4: Agricultural
Commissioner Charles A. Wieting, Cobleskill, 4;
George C. Vanburen, Slingerlands, 2; Thomas
Marsh, Castile, Wyoming county, 6; F. A.
Christle, Caledonia, 10; Pleasant Valley Hatch-
ery Grounds, Bath, 12; John Wilkins, Middle-
town, 10; George I. Krein, Danaville, 4; Cale-
donia Hatchery, 7.

 

MACHINERY IN THE PRISONS.

Gov. Roosevelt (Hears ef Its Effect in Compe-
tition With Free Labor.

ALBany, April 24.—Gov. Roosevelt gave a
hearing to-day on Senator G. A. Davis's bill
providing that school furniture need not be
purchased of the State Prison Superintendent
by the civil divisionsof the State, as now re
quired by the Prison Labor law. A representa-
tive of the State Prison Department admitted
that the prisons had not the capacity to manu-
facture one-half of the school desks and seats
needed, and that school authorities of the ctvil
divisions could not purchase elsewhere without

the permission of the State Superintendent of |

Prisons. CommissionerJohn MeMackin of the

 

|

|

 

State Bureau of Labor ‘Statistics was the only |

person who opposed the bill He deseribed it
as an entering wedge to break down the present
rison laborsystem, which, he sald, was the best
in the world

Assemblyman Hill and Deputy State Super-
intendent of Pubito Instruction Danforth E
Ainsworth favored the bill, saying that at
present the school furniture mantfacturers in
this State are shut out of @ market in this
State even though the prisona cannot supply
the demand. President Murphy of the State
Federation of Labor, also favored the bill, He
said that 40 per cent, of the men employed by a
Bullalo school furniture concern had been laid
off through the operation of the present law

“No industry should be allowed in the prisons
which throws out of employment men on the
outside,” said Mr. Murphy. “The purpose of
the present law was to remove the competition
of prison with free labor. The prisons should

not be allowed to introduce the niost improved |

machinery in industries installed, but the pris-
oners should be made to do ali work by hand
Then all would be kept at work and the com-
petition minimized "

The Governor, whileapparently not favorably
disposed toward the bill, thought that Mr,
Murphy's point regarding the introduction of
improved machinery in the prisons a good one
and said he would look into the question.

JUSTICE HERRICK TRANSFERRED.
Justice Edwards to Succeed Him on the Ap-
Pellate Division Bench.

ALBANY, April 34.—Supreme Court Justice D,
Cady Herrick of this city, now on the Appellate
Division Bench, has been anxious for some time
to return to circuit work. Gov, Roosevelt
to-day oomplied with his request to be trans-
ferred and revoked hia designation as an Asso-
ciate Justioe of the Appellate Division for the
Third Department and appointed Justice Sam-
uel Edwards of Hudson to the Appellate Divis-
ion to fill the vacancy thus created. The change
will be made on May 1

Changes tn City Civil Service Rules.

ALBany, April 24.—Amendments to the New
York city civil service rules approved by the
State (lvil Service Commission authorize the
Comptroller to appoint four additional auditors
without a competitive examination and give
the Chamberlain an examiner of indorsements
and coupons from the exempt list’ The num-
berof Health Department drivers ts reduced
from seven to aix and they are placed in the
exempt class, while the Department of Cor-
rection is allowed to appoint an additional
warden from the exempt class. An additional
deputy clerk for the Court of Special Sessions
may be appointed without a competitive ex-
amination

 

 

New Companies Incorporated.

ALBANY, April 24.—The Manhattan Consum-
ers’ Brewing Company of New York city
waa incorporated to-day with a capital of $300,-
000 to manufacture lager beer, ales and porter
The directors are: William S Gordon, George
A Lavelle and Thomas © Callaghan, Jr. of New
York city

The M Hartley Company, of New York ctty,
with a capital of $500,000, was incorporated to
manufacture firearms, ammunition and aport-
ing goods. The directors are: Marcellus Hart-
ley of New York city; George W.) Hebard of
Brooklyn, and George H. Jenkins of Morris-
town, N. Jd.

Old and New Game Commisstoners Meet,
ALBANY, Apri! 24.—The State Forest, Fish and

Game Commissioners whose terms of office ex- |

pired to-day held their last meeting
here to-day and closed up their work. On
their invitation their successors met with them
The old board had arranged to entertain the
new Commissioners at luncheon _at the Albany
Club, but at the request of Gov. Roosevelt, who
wanted to confer with the new members, this
arrangement was cancelled and the new Com-
missioners lunched with the Governor, They
will organize to-morrow

Will Name Charter Commisston To-day,

ALBANY, April 24,—Corporation Counsel

Whalen was in consnitation to-day with Gov. |

Roosevelt regarding New York city matters.
Afterward the Governor said that he would an-
nounce to-morrow the names of the New York
City Charter Revision Commissioners

More Power for Investigating Committees.

ALBANY, April 24.—The Mazet Committee

bill, introduced by Assemblyman Fallows and
empowering a legislative committee to compel

the attendance and testimony of a witness, was |

Roosevelt to-day

signed by Gov

Business Troubles.

A petition {n involuntary bankruptoy was
filed yesterday againat J. F. Smith & Co (corpo-
ration), manufacturers of patent medicines,
formerly at 681 Sixth avenue, by C H. Williams
for several small creditors ;

Judge Brown of the Untted States District
Court has refused to grant 4 discharge in bank-
ruptey to Herman Finke'stein, formerly a
dealer in faney goods at 22 Bast Fourteent
street, until satisfactory explanation is made
concerning what the Judge describes as a “dis-
appearance’ of assets of $126,061 during the
year 1897

an's Back Broken by a Fall.
“i ata, April 2s.—When Mra. Wilifam
Kubn came home from the theatre last night
her husband acensed her of being out with

another man, They quarrelled and the hus-
band cut a gash in his throat with a razor
Then he ranat her toend her life A struggle
ensued and both fell through the window \
the hospital it was diseov ered thatthe woman 3
spine was broken in two places. Kuln’s leg was
broken by the fall The eut in his throat is
slight and he will be all right in a few days

Shot the Man and Killed Herself,

Ohfo, April 24 -Hugh Christy,
aroller inthe Union plant of the American
Steel Hoop Company was shot last night and
wounded mortally by Lucy Messersmith, alias

}

YOUNGSTOWN,

Ss lef. Direetly afterward the woman shot
Shr illed herself, They lived together and
bad quarrelled.

At |

i *

A.J. WORMSER’S SEA BURIAL

LOW OF THE ALLEGHENY
INSISTED ON IT.

CAPTAIN

Mr. Wormser’s Physician Protested and, It Is
Said, Offered to Pay Anything for Permis-
sion to Bring the Body to Land —Mr, Worm.
ser Died in the Night of Cardtac Asthma,

Kinaston, Jamaica, April 16.—The sudden
death at sea of A J. Wormaer, son of the late
Sitnon Wortnser of the New York banking firm,
I &S Wormeaer, which occurred on the Atlas
steamer Allegheny, on Monday, April 9, was
followed by the burial of his body at sea
against the remonstrances of his private physi-
elan, Dr. A/F Whitmer of Philadelphia. Capt,
Low of the Allegheny, refused to keep the body
until shore could be reached forty-eight hours

later

“The case may have been an exceptional
one,” Dr. Whitmer said last evening. "But the
circumstances all pointed to the fact that
the body could easily have been broughtin. I
had with me sufficient embalming fluid to
keep it for a long period, and, besides, there
was plenty of ice on board) I maintain that
there was not the slightest necessity to bury
the body atsea. Whether the rules of the comes
pany exact this or whether Capt. Low acted on
his own initiative Idon't know

“Mr. Wormaer died suddenly over night. On
the Sunday preceding he had been feeling un-
usually well, and about 9 o'clock in the evening
I wentintohis cabin and found him sleeping
nicely. His valet saw him about half an hour

when he retired. The next morning the

valet discovered that Mr. Wormser was dead
ind heatonce calledme  lfound himlying in
the most natural position with not even the
coverlet disturbed, which indicated that he
must have passed away very eusily, althougha
paroxysm of asthma must have been the cause
of his death. He had been suffering from
cardiac asthma and at times telt great pain as
a result. ;

“When Capt. Low was told that Mr. Wormaer
had died he at once said that the body must go
overboard, | asked him to wait, until we
reached Fortune Isinnd, where] understood a
atop was tobe made The captain replied that
he had never heard of any one being yuried on
Fortune Island and that in any case the inter.
val was toolong. Ithen intormed him that I
could take care of the remains and embalm
them. Capt Low replied that whena person
dies on ship the sea must have the body, When
Lasked him by what rule he went in that re-
spect he said that he did not know except thatit
had been the custom from along time ago ”

“Is ittrue, Doctor, that vou offered from $50,-
000 to $100,000 ff the captain would take the
body to port?” was asked of Dr Whitmer

Aftera moment's hesitation he replied that
while no amount had been specified, money
would have been no matter ff the remains
could have been brought home Mr Wormser
had with him jewelry and money to the amount
of more than $50,000

“Asfor thestatement of Cant, Low that no
burials had taken place on Fortune Island,”
Dr. Whitrner continu “T heard from some of

 

  
 
 

 

the offleers that a woman who had died at sea
had founda temporary he place there some
thr azo. Butl 1 tain thatC apt Low
spoke according t knowledge, for while l

criticise his act the case of Mr Wormser,

oni
'

 

  

    

the captain undoubtedly proceeded according
to his conscience Nevertheless, | am sure
Capt. Low felt afterward that he had been
hasty for he so expressed himself to anu r
of passengers subsequently to the buria PA
of Mr. Wormse1 After we reached here Mr

Watts, our American Consul, took charge of
Mr. Wormeer's effects *
Mr. Watts agrees with Dr, Whitmer that the

  

 

 

 

sea burial was not necessary Mr. Watts
turned Mr. Wortnser's tsover to the Bank
of Nova Scotia by perr ion of the Collector |
of the Port, and the seal of the United States
consulate Was attached Dr Whitmer will take
the property back when he sailsforthe United
| States
here {9 no question but that the denth of |
Mr. Wormer will result {mn an investigation of
the medical equipment of the Atlantic wnd |
Southern passenger steamers, Most of the |
irger vessels carry physicians, and it will be}
learned whether suitable provisions are made |

  

} on the lesser or incase of i!nesa on board
The Allegheny, which had no shin's surgeon
was held up in quarantine here as the result of

| a case of diphtheria on board, Dr, Whitiner |
had attended this patient
BILLS SIGNED BY THE GOVERNOR.
Many New Laws Kelating to New York City

—Changes In the Game Laws.

 

ALBANY, April 24.--Gov. Roosevelt has signed
the following bills:

Senaior Elsberg's, providing that although a
pleading is amended in the Cireult Court, the Justice
may hear it when {t is reached tn tts order ou the
calendar

Senator Grady's, providing that an appeal to the
Court of Appeals cannot be taken {nan action |
an Individual bond when th decist {the A
Division {s unanimous ess that court cer
that 4 question of law isinvolved which vught to be
reviewed

Assemblyman Marson's, fixing the closed season
for deer from Nov. 1% to Aug. 31. and providin
venison 6hall not be possessed from Nov. f
31; also, fixing the closed season for woor
grouse from Dec. 16 to Sept. 18; also fiat
closed season for hares and rabhits in Mon:
from Dec. 16 to Sept. 1; tn Riehmond
Dec. 31 to Nov. 1, and in Oneida eoun

|
|
|

 

  
   

    
 
  
 

Assemblyman Metvcalfe’s, providing there shall he

No open season for qual tn Rielimond county unt
1903; also, providing that devices other than rakes
and tongs, operated by hand only, sha ise

   

in taking oyste r clams fr
oyster beds tn Arthur Kili orim Staten
orin tributaries thereto.
Assemblyman Doughty's, elim
the provigon that in Jam
clams shal) not be (taken

   

 
   

  
    
 

sters or hard
1 hour before

  

6unset until half anris:

Aswmbiyman Px that wildffowl may
De taken by ald of « ahi de ein Great South
Bay, westof Smith's Point on Long Is

 

from Sept. $0 to Vet. 19
Senator Mitchell's, reeulating the use of nets in
Jones Inlet und adjacent waters

Assemblyman Fancher’s, fixing a closed season tn
'

    

{
|
land, except

 

all the brooks, streams and waters Inhabited by trout
in the counties of Cattaraugus, Chaitauquaand Alle
gany, frer sly 18 to April 1h

Assemblyman Fowler's, regulating Ashing in Chau-
tauqua Lake

 

mblyman Fish's, regulating the ineorporation
ight companies In citles, towns

\aer
of gas andelectric |
and villages. |

Assemblyman ston of |

Apwar's lowing the exten

 

an electric railroad in Peekskill; also, providing for a |
firgmen's relieffund in Peekskiil
Senator Marshall's, regulating the use of butldings |

 

on Bastern Parkway and Union and Degraw

fronting

 
  
  
     

's, providing

ingsinan ice

that guards
surface caused

    
 

raith's, providing that collars or
mid “linen or ‘pure linen”
tains ply which hag
ts warpa g

cuffs st all not
unless the mate
a flax thread in

      
  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

Assemblyman Sullican’s, penalties forthe |
unlawful ioterferene vters and wires
Assemblyman Whe ne that the chief
engineer of the Stave nd Game Com |
mission shall act as the t endentof Foresta |
The commission ts to appointa chief fire warden at |
a salary of $1,5 snd th Xp rt esters at
salaries of $1,¢ who are to be employed in the work
of reforesting burned, barren and denuded lands in |
the forest preserve |
Assemblyman Trainor’s, emp ig the New |
York City Commil-stoner of Corr to transfer |
yrisoners from one Insifiution to a her under his |
urtsdiction i
Assemblyman Wissel’s, providing that unpald |
taxes levied before }S808 in Newtown may be patd j
before Sept. 40 next; also, authorizing the New York |
City Comptroller to cancel the bonds of the receivers |
or collectors of taxes for 1806 and 1807 In Queens |
county towns now apart of the cliy: als upblying |
te Queens borough tt section of the New York |
Charter providing that the costofeonstructing sewers

in Brooklyn borough he met by
ment

local assess
Assemblyman Hrenvuan's |

as

anewcom

   

naming

   
    
 
 

 

   
  

mission to erect 4 gen, Edward i
Fo r, the President Aly borough, the |
Pres ofthe Ft rteenth Hegiment War Veteran |
As mn, Col, Bertram ‘J layton, James W, |
Hideway, Jobn W. Eason, Alfred Cranton, Herbert
Cc, Gunntson, Theodore mes Whitlock,
| Andrew D. Batrd and Jame rit

Mr. Cooley's, providiog payment by New |

York city of volunteer + partoft West |

 

  
    
  
 

183.
A conviction
Artoan sub

chester county annexed t&
Senator Armstrong's, providing
upon a charge of assault shall not

 

a

{tation of the amount of money New York eity may

sequent prosecution for manslaughter or murder if
the person assaulted dies after the conviction, in |
case death results from the injury eaused by the as |
sault

Senator Elsberg's, removing fromthe law the lm |

|

expend upon tu bile Hhrary Bryant Park: also |
prov ding that the State Inspector of fas Meters, tn
stead of the New York City Conimissioner of Bulld
ings, Lighting and Supplies. shal

inspection of gas metersin New Vo
Senator Marshall's, regarding t
estate in thts State through fore
Assemblyman Weab
York ciiy ¢ inmissioners
of acknowl dgement wer

    
 
 
    

ing of real

   

actaot New

 

se ecortifeates |

ave charge of the

elty

ot authenticaud by the |
{
!

 

 

   
  

   

 

 

eliy clerk
Senator Featherson’s, provid
indebtednesa of New York, King }
mond counties ma at 1 |
twenty years t . York cf t
matures, the bonds and stock #
tereetat arate noteserding 4!
Senator MeCarren t
\ rt
ps Ne York Ha
volutton, the money to be |
y Prison Ship Martyrs’ Monument
of the United State
Assemblyman Post's, providing that there shall be
no open season for the Mongolian or ring necked
Pheasant excep® in Si ffolk ty before the year
1905. [In Suffolk county netther the Mongolian nor
the ring necked pheasant shall be taken of possessed |
between Feb. t and Sept. 3u,
_— -— - |
Rurglars Rob Valentine Watts of $200.
LyNBROOK, L.1., Apri] 24... Thieves broke into
Valentine Watts’s house in Union avenue last
night and stole $200 in bank notes.

ee ————S
a

 

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK,’

 
 

KILLED WHILE HE SLEPT.

CAPT. BIDDLECUM’S MURDERER CON-
FESSES AFTER ARREST.

 

 

He Is Caspar Teresneck, a Prussian Boy—He
Clove the Skipper's Skull With an Axe,
Rifled His Pockets of 628.46 and Fled to
Winfleld, Long Island, Where He Got Work,

Casper Teresneck, who escaped from Jersey

City after murdering Capt. Willlam Biddlecum

of the canalboat Ivy, moored at the foot of

Hudson street, at midnighton Faster Sunday,

was arrested in Winfield, near Long Ia and

City, vesterday afternoon by Police Captain

Timothy J, White and Detective Henry Peate,
He is now locked up awaiting extradition,
Teresneck confessed his crime to Captain
White and Detective Peate. He took his arrest

asa matter of course and expressed no sorrow
for his crime. Although Capt. Biddlecum was
murdered on Sunday night his body was not
discovered until last Thursday, when a general
alarm was sent out for the apprehension of his
supposed assailant.

Capt. White and Detective Peata found
Teresneck in a house in Wintleld) He was em-
ployedas a gardener. He answered the de-
scription of the murderer and waa arrested

 

  

the captain offeredfhirnn twenty-five cents
They both turned in on the canalboat that
night about 11o'clock. Teresneck says he step
in the after part of the boat, while the eaprain
occupied a bunk in tye forward part. It was
about 12 o'clock, Teresneck says, that he got up
and, approaching the captain's bunk, found
himasieep. Teresneck got an axe, stealthily
approaghed the sleeping man, dealt him a blow
on the skull, burying the axe blade clear to the
haft There was but one groan, Teresneck
says, and then all was still

 

Capt. Biddlecum’s head was cleft as with an axe
and his pockets were rifled. In his confession
to Capt. White and Detective Peate ‘Teresneeck
says he killed Capt. Biddleeum with an axe |
| because the captain tried to defraud him of
his pay. He says he was employed by Capt
Biddlecum on Thursday, April 12, and was to
receive @2 for his. wo but on Sunday

The captain went to sleep with all hfs clothes |

and Teresneck say's he turned the body over
and rifled the pockets, obtaining $2848, He
cleaned the blood from his clothing and hands
and when all was quiet he stole from the boat
unobserved. He came to Winfleld, where he had
been formerly employed, and, obtaining work,
settied down, intending to spend his ill-gotten
money when the alarm occasioned by the mur-
der had blown over. Teresneck was born in
Prussia. He is but 18 years old, bnt he fs well
developed and muscular The police say he
has served a term in prison

on,

 

LIVELY CHASE AFTER A BURGLAR,

Ran Through the Streets With a Razor tn One
Hand and a Hammer tn the Other.

Avgust Celstrom, the janitor of the apart-
ment house at 121 East Forty-aeventh street,
saw anegroransacking @ trunk in the private
hall of his flat at 2 o'clock yesterday morning
He called to his wife to bring him his revolver
and the negro fled to the street. The janitor
wentafter him. The negro ran up Lexington
avenue and turned into Fifty-firet street
Policeman Hicks saw him approaching with a
hammer in one hand and an open razor in the
other, Hestepped before him and the negro
struck at his head with the hammer, but the
policeman dodged and whar ked the man on the
head with his nightstick. The negro staggered
a little, but recovered and started down the
street, upon which the policeman fireda shot at

| him froin hia revolver without hitting him,
Detective McLaughlin and two polieemen ran
out of the I Fifty-tirst street station and

arrested the negro : ;

He was taken later to the Yorkville polios
court and tried to escape from the prisoners
enclosure, Which {s surrounded by arailing four
feet high, while the janitor and the polleemen
were making the complaint He suddenly

 

vaulted over the railing and made forthe wine |

 

dow, but Court Policeman Schroe der seized him
and pulled him away from the window He was
closely guarded after that, and on his exau
nation he admitted that he entered ( eistrom's§
ms, but declared that he} ad found the door

He was unable to account forthe jew-
elry and other things belonging to the Janitor
which were found on him at the time of his ar-
rest. He gave thename of Willian Whitter
and said he lived at215 West Forty-ninth street
He admitted to Detective MeLaughiin, the de-
tective informed the Magistrate, that he waa
released from tha Massachusetts Stata’s Prison
on March 21, alterserving a four-year te
for burglary, Magistrate Pool held him
$1,000 bail for trial

      

 

 
 

 

in

LOCKED UP FOR ABANDONMENT.

| H.C. Dolde, Comedian, Spends a Night in a

Police Station Cell,

Harry C. Dolde, 28 years old, of 207 Fast Four-
teenth street, was arrested at the Victoria Mu-
sic Hall, Forty-second street and Seventh ave-
nie, on Monday night by Detective O'Connor
of the Centre street police court squad, ck arged
with abandonment and non-support. Dolde,
whois a comedian with the Rays, now plaving
in ‘A Hot Old Time’ at the Victoria, was not

| arrested until after the evening performance

He was locked up all night in the Tenderloin
police station and arraigned betore Magistrate
Zeller in the Centre street police court yesterday
morning

His wife, who is said to be a daughter of
Joseph Bittner, a merchant of Philadelphia, was
She said that she had married Dolde
nearly six years ago, but that

in court
in Camden, N.d.,
since July of last year he had not contributed

   
   
  

     

 

 

 

to her support Magistrate Zeller tried to
arrange an agreement between ther and asked
Dolde uo he was willing to pay bis wife aa
wee Mrs Doldesaid that she nild ha ut
least $2 a week. The prisoner autreed, and pro
dueed Charles A. Bird, e manager of the
ha ~bondsman Mr Bird sard that he was
willing to pay Mrs. Dolde 87 a week out of her
husband's salary, but as the company will dis-
band it » weeks, Magistrate Zeller would not
accept sach an arranecenent

Mra Dolde began toery when she saw that
her husband wa go tothe Island, ¢
told »Mawistra itshe thought she would
wi ne re ehance Dolde was finally
paroled in the custod f Mr Bird, on his
promise to support his wife

itten by a St. Bernard,

Solomon Miller, 11 years old, of 257 Seventh
street, was bitten in she chin by aSt. Bernard
dow at the cornep of Clinton and Division
atreets yesterd?’ fmorning. The boy stopped
to pat the dou epg the head, but found him any-
thing but frien Jy
at the Gouver fur Hospital,

 

   

CANNIBAL PEAST IN VANCOUVER. |

Trial of Several Indians for Eating a Squaw’'s
Body.

Vancovver, B.C, April 24—A numberof full- |
blood Indians and a half-breed named George
Hunt have stood their trial {n Vancouver for |
cannibalistic practices. Hunt exhibited a band |
of Indtans at the World's Fair and supplied Dr
Franz Boas with data regarding Indian cus- |
toms on the Pacific Coast, which were used in |
filed in the Smithsonian
of the trial was that

compiling works now
Institution rhe result

   

one of the Indians was convicted and punished
aud Hunt was acquitted

The Indian witnesses at the trial ewore that

alleged crit In ( ng the initia-
ion of a} itsa, or eantfbal, ‘The tribe initt- |
‘al one hamatsa every year Lhis ceremony |
was described as follows: The new hamatsa
went out in the w fs naked and ate nothing

Old han

 
   

 
        
 

for one week atas followed him at @
distance and taught hima death chant by wal
Ing their peculiar song through the wooda
theend ofa week the old natsas rushed b
to the village and eried lle's ¢ i! ’ The
halt-starved new har hunting the death
bong, approached Five Indians then
went to the bur nd and secured the
body of asquaw ed it with green
bonghs until just the new hamatssa
arrive when, according to witne Hunt

     
  
 

The new |
seized the portior
backs to the pw

the«

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

equaw, ar turning t
devoured them, They then went around bit
all who woud allow them to do so, Other
Indians dressed as dogs and monkeys joined
them ina dance

After the dance the hamatsas were ducked tn
salt water topurifv then were shutup ina
srant Toor iway [re he people while the
chief distributes presents to those who had
shown the most stoicisin in allowing themselves |
to be bitten, Or f the prisoners, about 16 |

   
 
 

 

prize, a handsome canoe,
for allowing a ki ! flesh to be bitten

rear The bor got one month in
The other defendants were acquitted

vears old, got the first
large piece o

    

outof hist

jail

MOTHER-+IN«1AW WOULDN'T RELENT. |

Care must be taken to avoid bakin
from alum.
they cost but a few cents
sive acid, which taken in

ST. BARNABAS CHOIR UNBALANCED.

Four of the Leading Ladies Sit for One Sun-
day in the Congregation.

The choir of the Episcopal Church of St.
Barnabas at Grove street and Bushwick avenue,
Brooklyn, has a membership of twenty, the four
leading ladies being the Misses Williams, Brown,
Cook and Ferguson They have belonged
to the choir for several years A week
they heard that it was the intention of the
Rev. Mr. Barnes, the rector, to substitute a
boy choir for the present one

ago

   

  

| choir members were requested to meet the rector

in his study. He told them that what they
had heard was not true, This sati-tied them
and they will be in their accustomed places in
the cho Sunday. Toa reporter the rector
said lam very strongly in favor of Women's
voices in choirs. The ideal I have in mind is
similar to that of St, Mary the Virgin's, in
Manhattan, in which the ancient plain songs
are sung by acolytes and servers unison,
and for th horus parts and anthems a power.
ful mixed choir, supported by orchestral ac-
companiment.”

ror

er

 

ALDERMEN VOTE RONDS

For Dewey Arch and Schools Vernon Avenue
Bridge Still Hung Up.

The Aldermen adopted yesterday the long-
pending resolution requesting the Board of
Estimate to authorize the issue of bonds to put
the Dewey Arch in repairand keep it in good

} condition until next autumn, when it ts pro-
| posed to tearit down

the board also con-

| curred in the issue of $8,600,000 of bonds for

Goldfard Is Locked Up on a Charge of Ab- |
dacting His Own Wife,

Jacob Goldfard, an elevator attendant of 5

last night by the |

the charge of ab-

Orchard street, was locked
order of Magistrate Crane on
ducting Gussie Weinstein of the same addres,
The girl's mother, Esther Weinstein ts the com-
plai She went to the Fldridge street po-
lice station three weeks ago and made her first
complaint and Goldfard was arrestedthen, He
produced a errtificate, signed Alderman
Isaac Marke, showing that he had married Gus-
sie Weinstein at the City Hall on March 30
After reading the certificate the police refused |

to entertain any charge against the man and

 

 

nant

by

         

 

let him vo

Mrs. hinstein mother of the bride was
aprarently satis and asked her son- a
for the eertific He gave itto her anc
that he could get a eony of it if he ever needed

it

   

         

 
 
  

Ther ompanied by a lawyer
Wenttot er ition the secor j
time ve iked the police to arrest |
Goldfard on a charge of abduetior When they
refused s went to the Essex Market police
court and told her story to Mawistrate Crane, |
who sent word to the police of the Eldridge |
street station to urre dfard on sieht j
tective Peters the irrest. 7 is |
oner said th s wi 1two weeks ago |
and that he did not know where she was,

Sought Ald for an Art Student, |

Mra. J. Harrison Mills, wife of the ex-Prest- |
dent of the Art Guild, asked Supt. Blair of the |
Outdoor Poor Department yesterday for!
lodging for Oliver Je Rrodlev, 18 vears old, |

  
   
  

 

   

aetident in the Fifty enth atreer art echool
Brodley was a cornice maker and saved some

! vy to go to the art school, but the money |
wave out and now he wants any kind of a job.

Hair gave an order for a lodging inthe City |
Lodging House for the young man

seineel - |
Chimney Fire at the Normandie,
An overheated chimney caused a fire at the

Hotel Normandie, Broadway and Thirty-eighth
street, about hoon yesterday, Thedamage w
trifling

 

is

 

 

i

There iano doubt about it. My Rheuma-
tiam Cure will do that
In proof of thia T have the testimony of thou-

all ia claimed for it

 
   
 

 

sanda Take Congressman Ward, for in- \
ashanes He tells you that it was not until he |
tried my Rheumatiam Cure that he waa cured
of rheumatiam, [? relieves sharp, shooting
paina in armas, lega, side and hack ina feu
° houra, and generally ¢ ffectaa permanent cure
lina few days. MUNYVON
Price 2hc, at any drag store.
If you haveae ld Manyon's Cold Cure; if you |
have Dyspepsia, irs by Cur ily t
any trouble, try bidney Cree Mu
1 rn y for me very a ase \
‘ \ yor ‘ eures Catarr Gripp, +
ronehitts, ete Prier, $ |

Munyon’s Doctors Are Free. |

   
     

  

A timely consultation with his siitled Specialists |
upon all diseas jay avert «4 threatened fir .
There is no eharge for advice, M s ble cat
Department eure tubborn pains, stu? Joints, im
pending paralysis, ete (pen every day exeept |
Sunday

His wound was cauterized 907 BROADWAY (Cor. 20th).

school purposes The resolution appropriating
$2,250,000 for the interior decorationsof the new
Hull of Records Was made @ special order for
next Tuesday

Many of the A nen were eager to vote
for a bond {ssue of $644,000 to pay for the con-
struction of the new Vernon avenue bridge in
Brooklyn. Thisis one of the bond tssues the
hoard has held up ever since it came into ex-
istence. Inspite of the apparent desire of the
Aldermen to pass it yesterday, the necessary
forty-five votes were not secured and the res-
olution went back into general orders.

SHE BLEW OUT THE GAS,

 

Mrs. Goerick an@ Her Two Children From
Oblo Have a Narrow Escape.

Mrs Julia Goerick, 30 vears old, and her two
small children, who are on their way from
Toledo, Ohio, to Germany, arrived {n Jersey
Citvon Monday afternoon Mrs Goerick en-
gaged a room in Steup's Hotel and she and the
children retired about 9 o'clock. About 12:45
4 strong smell of gas was notieedand the door
was forced open, Mrs Goertek and the
chiidren were in a semi-conseious condition,
but restoratives brought them around Mrs

  
 

 

  

(inert lained that she blew ont the gas
thinking that waa the proper way to ex-
tinguish it

Cars Ditched ata Curve; One Man Killed,

Honrspanr, Pa, April 24--A serious wreck |
ocourred at Fairview on the Honesdale branch |
|

j

|

°

and

of the Delaware Hudson Railroad at 9
o'oloek last evening. A heavy coal train, drawn
by two engines was descending astean grade |

near Swackhamuner at the foot of which is a
t imp curve The engines anda few of the for-
ward ears rounded the curve, but thirty-two |
other cars jiuniped the track and plunged down |

  

  

‘ |
A steep embankment Brakeman Edward |
Cavanauch of Honesdale was killed, and KHrake- |
rien Fred Kipple andJohn Simmons of the |
silue place, wero injured seriously |
A Sword-Swallower's Effects Sold, |
Pvtrnson, N. J, April 94 —In an obscure

anetion room yesterday were sold the trophies

 
    

 

    

ot Carlo Benedetti, sword-swallower. Bene-
dett, tt is said, exhiblted before the nobility of
bourse He died a vear ago leaving little of an
eatate except his trophies, arnong which were
gifts from princes and a fine collection of
swords, ( so he declared was egerted to
him by Ni as, Czar of Russia. Thisand an-
other were jewelled The whole colleetic

 

brought only ‘$000

Murdered on a Bridge by Footpads,

Winkes-Barre, Pa, April 24—-Andrew Stubis

was killed and robbed by footpads on the
bridge over the river at Pitiston last night
There is no clue to his murderers His body

was found this morning with two bulletholes in
the head and the pockets turned inside out.

 

A Custom House Herth for Silas P. Wrisley.
Silas P. Wrisleyv, an active Twenty-third ward

Republican and ViewPresident of the Invinet-

ble Clubin Brooktyn, has been appointed cus-
toms inspector
The Weather,

The weather yesterday was

cloudy with Inter
on the New England coast, in al!
Ohio and Tennessee west to
the Kocky Mountains and tn the Northwest
where jt was generally fair There was a storm |
centre forming over Kansas, the pressure being low

westof the Mississippi and in the Gulf States [t
was highover the lake regions The winds on the |
sk northeast, with dense fog on |

mittent showers
the Central States fron
rise |}

coast were fresh to be

 

the New England east ‘There was little or no
change in temperat in any of the distriets
Int c the day was fair, wind west to north
ea miles #*) hour, average
‘i dnercent.: barometer eorrceted to read &
“ MAA, M., 20.00; 37. M., 20.84 |
[he temperature as recorded by the oMfetal ther |
mometer, and also by “THe SUN'S” thermometer at |
the street! vel, is Shown tn the annexed tahle
OMmecia Sun's —imMeia un's |
19 P8009. DOO, 1p, DAvO 19
AM 1) t 4P. M. 67 ye
iM fo 6 65° OP. M ; 87
3P M.60 t 70° 12 Mid... 5 sy" ae |
v an N FORECAST POR WRPDNVESDAY }
} ¢ and and eastern New York, fair
Wednerda { Thursday; fresh north wtnas '
For the District of Columbla, eastern Penne vivanta
| New Jersey, Delaware Marylandand Virginia, fair |
| Wednesday and probably Thursday; fresh north |
winds

for western Pennsylvania and western New York, |
fair Wednesday and Thursday; fresh northeast winds

Such powders are sol

pane. Alum is a corro-
means injury to health,

 

Miss Ferguson

went to the choir leader, F. S. Tipson, and asked |
him if the report was true The Kev. Mr
Barnes, who was present, said that he was not
disposed at that time to give any information
as to his planus

The rectors attitude led Miss Ferguson to
believe that a change in the choir was couteme
plated, and at the morning serviee on Sunday
hejther she nor the three other yvonne women
were in the choir, Th seated themselves in

| the congregation and the absence of their

voiees marred the musical programme

At the end of the services the four recaleitrant |

powders made
cheap, because

  
 

HOSPITAL PATIENT'S JUMP.

@ALBIN SNEAKED FROM THE WARD
AND PLUNGED INTO THE KIVER.

 

Turned Double Somersault Before He Strack
Water- Fought His Rescaer, bat Dougherty
Held On Until Help Came — The Doo
tors Say Galbin Has Delirium Tremens,

John Galbin, a putientinthe city hospital on
Biack well's Island, stirred up that institution
yesterduy afternoon. On Monday he went to
Bellevue Hospital and said he wanted to sober
up and wouldn't Gleeson beso kind as to send
him to the usual ward, A doctor said that Gal-
bin would do better on the Island, so he was
sent to He was very quiet
all Monday night and waa allowed to dress yes
terday joruing

At2 o'clock in the afternoon Galbin sneaked
down the aisle between the two western tiers of
eotson his bands and knees so that the nurse
did not notice him till the door opened and
sluramued. ‘The nurse jumped that way, but he
was too late. Then he gave the alarm

Ward tisonthe ground floor in the north-
east corner of the hospital building, Galbinran
down the passage and out doors to the rear, or
south end ot the hospital. Half a dozen men
saw him come out the door waving his bands in
the air, but they were all patients and could
only yell while Galbin headed down the hill to
the river. Half way down Galbin turned a
handspring and rolled a dozen feet. “hen he
gotupandranonagain, At the ston breaks
water he leaped high into. the air, turned a
double somersault and landed fifteen feet out
inthe water. Hestruck on bis back and went
under, The men patients shouted and the
women screamed Supt. Schilling of the
hospital velled too, but to some purpose, James
Dougherty, the dock boatman who was outin &
skiff, heard his voice and pulled toward Galbin,
who was splashing aud plunging like a porpoise,

Dougherty rabbed Galbin by the hatr,
whereupon Galbin hit the rescuer and knocked
him across the skiff and half out the other side.
Galbin resumed bis splashing, but weakened in
afew miuutes, when Dougherty got another
griponthe hair. This time the boat shipped a
great deal of water, but Dougherty dropped
over the other ide of the skiff with his feet in
the river and both his hands in Galbin's hair

The Thomas F. Gilroy, a department boat,
which was at the dock atthe foot of Fifty-seo-
ond «treet. headed for theskiff. Theprison
guards also cast off the litte electric Jaunch
used to capture escaping prisqners from the
water. Galbin was put into the launch and
straightway knocked two men down, but, the
crew subdued him quickly and tied him fast,
The doctors at the hospital said last night thas
he has delirium tremens

the city hospita

 

LOGS MUST BE SAWED IN CANADA,

Ontario Court of Appeals Decides Against
Michigan Lombermen,

Toronto, April 244. The Ontario Court of
Appeals to-day handed down a judgmentin the
case of the Michigan lumbermen engaged tn
operations in Ontario against the judgement of
the court below, uphoiding the act of the
Legislature requiring the sawing in Canada of
all jogs cut) from Ontario Crown lands. The
court unanimously decided in favor of the
Crown's contention that the act is within the
powers of the province, and dismissed the ap-
with eosts. The lumbermen, it is undere
_ will earry the case to the Brilish Privy

 

    

Cow With a Goat's Stomach,
Wrikes-Barre, Pa, April 24.--Dr. Home, @
veterinary surgeon, in performing an autopsy
this morning on a cow that had died under his

  

 

care, disc red in the animal's stomach a ool-
lection of hardware, comprising 2hsir pins, 3
larze horseshoe nails, 4 elght-penny nails, §
four-penny npalis, 3 carpet tacks, 2 hat pins,a@
sroall spike, 2 wire nails, 11 pieces of broken

winss, from the size of a pea to that of a walnut
and @ stones of about the same size There
isa blacksmith shop adjoining the barn where
the cow Was kept

George W. Lyon Off For Manila.

George W. Lyon, formerly Surveyor of the
Port, started yesterday afternoon for Manila,

 

He will sail from San Francisco. It is said that
he has a cv ission from the Government, but
he denies 1 declaring that he is going te

| rake the trip on his own hook

Woman Commits Satcide,
Mrs Rosa Willvardt, 45 years old, of 248 Second

street, committed suicide vestarday in her apart-

ment by inhaling illum:nating gas

————
'

IF YOU ARE NOT
PARTICULAR ABOUT YOUR

stomach your guests
may be about theirs.
Otter them a straight
Whiskey.

OLD
CROW
RYE

is the best example, has
been made for 66 years
by the small tub, HAND-
MADE SOUR MASH
process, using the James
Crow formula. It posi-
tively cannot be equaled,

H. B. KIRK & C Mee ~ Bottlers,

New York,
we RS ere ae <a
Largest tn the World, bL.very detail,

THE THOS. J. STEWART CO,
50 veara’ 6% a

1554 Broadway, New York,

Erie and Sth Bts., sare, Give
STORAGE WAREHOUSE AND MOVING
Telephone. send for interesting cisculas.

(

    
 
  

 

 

Meri, Acar wuiy Reset

LD CROW:

e.

RYEY

“Fikrig