ECUMENICAL CONFERENCE.
CROWDS AND ENTHUSIASM CONTINUE
TO MARK ITS MEETINGS.

‘s Work in Foreign Missions Played a

ent Part in Yosterday'’s Discassions

p Thoburn's Remark About the
Bible's Place in the Charch Arouses Dr.
Pierson—Dr. Ashmore Declares That China
Ia Not to Be Partitioned, and That America
Must Interest Herself Actively in the Em-
pire’s Future -An Appeal for India.

The public enthusiasm in the meeting of the

great Foumenical Conference now going onip
this city isunabuted) While the total number
of delegates to the Conference ts 2,000, It ts
not overestimating it to state that their
meetings every day are & tended by as
pany thousands. Yesterday again, alter a
great meeting in Carnegie Hell in the
morning, there were nine meetings held etiiul-
taneously In various churches of the eity, all of
them well attended, and last night there wae
another great meeting in Carnegie Hall. He-
side the ineeting at Carnegie Hall in the tmorn-
ing, and simultaneous with it, there was a great
meeting at the Central Presbyterian (Church
which devoted itself exclusively to women and

their work

It was noticeable at last night's meeting that
at least half the crowd was made upof men,
and a great majority of the men were undoubt-
edly business men, men who are not ordinarily
seen at strictly religious meetings. ‘They ap-
peared to be fully as much intercsted a4 were
the missionaries themselves, and they
plauded the speakers vigorously.

At the morning session yesterday the eontro-
versy over the infallibility of the Bible cropped
out. The Rey. Dr. Jd. M  Thoburn, Missionary
Bishop of India and Malaysia, ventured an
opinion in an address he mado that
much time was being devoted by Chris-
tiuans to the question of the Bible's eee
the foundation ef the Church. He declare
that Christ was the foundation of the Chureh,
and just before the close of the meeting the
fev Dro Pierson in a short address, which
was enthusiastically cheered, declared that
the Bishop's words were susceptible of
two constructions und declared, further,
that the Conference must not, under any cir
cumstances, let the impression get out tl it
t had any donbt whatever of the | Infalli-
yility of the Scriptures. On their infallibility,
e declared, rested the {ntegrity of the char-
acter of Christ

At the naht session the Rev. Dr. Ashmore
stirred up unbounded enthusiasm and the con-
vention sowed itself to be in entire syrapatiy
with American expansion and American pare
ticipation inaffairs affecting the furureaofC hina
Although the statements of the missionary
were carefully framed to avoid the accusation
that he talked polities, there was no mistaking
to what he referred when he spoke of the dos-
tiny of the “Great Western Nation When he
declared it was right. and proper that this
nation should say to the world, “Hands off tn
China," the audience rose up and whooped

Se pleased was the audienoe with Dr Ash-
More's sentiments that long after the time
allotted to him had expired, and w hile the tima-

pers were trying to keep hina from talkt 5
any tnore, the people called to Lim to go on aL
not let thom stop him

SESSION.

ap

too

MORNING

A Remark by Hishop Thoburn Leads to a Vig-
orous Defence of the Written Word.

There wasno let-upin the crowd that’ gathered
for the morning session of the conference tu
Carnegie Hall. The building was crowded be-
fore 9:30 0 clock. Of course the greater part of
the crowd, outside of the delegates to the con
vention, Was made up of women, but there was
a fair showing of men, too, a fact which’ pleased
the managers of the conferenee very nivel) The
@evotional services at the hall were conducted
by Bishop Ridley of New Caledonia, BC The
subject of the talk at) these was
“The Preaching of the Gospel offthe Kingdom
The text was: “The same commit thou to faith
ful men who shall be able to teach
also,”

The regular morning session of the conferen oe
was to begin at 0 o'clock. Those persons who
@id not attend the devotional services tound
when they got around to attend the regular
business session that there was not aseat left
Nor was there any standing room, and as Was
the case on Monday a great crowd of people
had to be turnedaway. Tie business session of
the conference was called to order by Bishop
E. G. Andrews of New York, who made a
short address and then introduced 1,
Thoburn of India, to whom had been
assigned the topic, “Character, Importance
and Conditions of Success tu Mission Work.”
Bishop) Thoburn's plea was for more
workers, Hesuid that the fleld was tremendous,
and the Church needed to start afresh in the
missionary fleld. All classes of workers were
needed, he suid the apostle jto enter newly
opened doors, the New Testament prophet to
epeak of God, the successors of Luke, the
beloved physician, to heal the body as well as
the soul. The Bishop made a particular appeal
for women workers, for the reason that more
than half the women of the world were pre-
cluded by the customs of their country from
such Hberty as enabled them to attend meetings,
where they could hear the missionaries preach-
ing the Gospel, and to get at these women it
Was necessary to reach thei through Christian
women

In the course of his talk Bishop Thoburn tool
occasion to reprimand the Christians who were

taking part in the argument over the infuili-
bility of the Seriptures He thought that the
energy that was being put in that argument
might better be emploved in the saving of
souls. That was not his linguage, but it was
the purportofit. Finally he satd: “Too many
Christians have been trying to maintain the
belief that the Chureh rests on the Bible for its
foundation, forgetting that the foundation is
the Lord Jesus Christ. Revelation is intinirels
precious, Dut the revealer is worth intinitely
more than the thing revealed.”

When the Bishop said this there was a lot of
applause, but there was alot of head shaling,
too, particularly on the plattorin Nobody,
however, took the matter up at the time

Bishop Thoburn was followed by the Rev. W
F. Oldham of Coluinbus, Ohio, who waa until
recently a missionary in Singapore. Or old-
ham had a paper on the manner and form of
presenting the Gospel t sunehristian people so
as to persuade them f accept its truth He
ealdin the first places fue presentatio . must be
level with the understanding of the hearers and
that, therefore, there was ereat demand for
6kill and for knowledge ol the people addressed
Continuing, he said

“Among the different grades of the sane
people there is necessity for very different pre«
sentation of Christian teaching The dreamily
introspective, poetic-minded, hazily plilosophio
hearer of the Hindoo schools in India cannot
and must not be approached as the poor, semi-
starved, overborne people of the lower castes,
nor as the asertive and somewhat blatant
young men who pour ont of the Government
behools, Nor are the grossly materialistic lower
Classes of China to be reached by the same
methods as those that may be expeeted to
appeal to men of edueation Surely there |
reason, therefore, for a closer discrimination
and a more thorough preparation than ordi
narily obtuin in missionary preaching  kven
the missionaries themselves are in many eases
too largely under donvination of the belief that
all that is necessary is ‘to preach the Ciospel,
without recognizing the exceeding skill
sary torightly divide the word of truth. It
often forgotten that the Gospel is all-compre-
hensive, suited to all needs, but must be appiled
to the special wants of any civen community

“There is the well-furnished dispensary forthe

ealing of all human ills, but the untra
nand, taking down the same medicine for al!
claases of patients, could scarcely be expecte
to affect much good. There is, therefore, one
initial duty upon the missionary societies to
choose trained men and, further, to afford their
candidates, when chosen,
familiarize themselves with the religious think-

ng, the habits of mind, the traditions and the
istory of those towhom they go, and to pro-
vide for such oversight of the further diligence

f the missionary along those lines, when on tite

eld at work, 44 will insure Inteligent and efec-
tive Gospel presentation

“The crying need of the Amertean missionary
societies, at least, js thls preliminary training of
the missionary, As it is, the great proportion
offtlie men and women are chosen without any
reference to whether they are to go to the
interior of Africa or to Japan, with he mierest
smattering of knowledge concerning the
religion or the mental habits of the peopleto
whom they go. Andon reaching the fleid they
are, for the most part, so engulfed in mulpi-
tudigous drudgery that | make bold to say the

ret five years in (he mission field are of very
joubtful value to the people among whom they
appear muck oney is wasted, many preclous

eurs rendered abortive, many earnest minds
scouraged and eager hearts chilled by the
manifest Impotence arising from. lack of thor-
ough preparations. The churches must pro-
vide suifable training achools, or attach
missionary departments to the existing theo-
joal schools if we are to cease biundering "

6 third address of the morning saasion was
made by the Rev. Dr. M. L. Gordon, a mission-
ary now serving in Japan, to which country he
Was sent by the American Board of Commis:
e's ‘for Foreign Missions. Dr. Gordon bad

bi) sublet, “Persons with the Dor

eOLeroises

others

) .
op’

Neos.

| Africa

' from the Seripuuire

the Opportunity to |

converted" He was followed by the Rev,
Henry Kichards, one of the Baptist Missionary
Union’s missionaries, Who is Assined to Africa
and who came all the way here to attend the
conterence His subjeet was the “Ge neral Per-
vasive Influence of the Christlan Mission
told something of the intiience of risstona in
Mrs Gordon, the wife of the Rev M
1, Gordon, eiso made a short address and then
the Kev. J. Taylor Hamilton of the Board of
Missions of the Moravian Church, the last
regular speaker oon. the programme for
the morning, was introduced His subject wits
the same as thatol Dr. Gordon and his cone.
slons were in the same line

‘The programme called for discussion after
the regular speakers had finished All those

bo wanted to join in this partot the meeting
Mad to send their names to the chairman and
then he called on them and each had five tmin-
utesin which to speak Hefore any of these
ape ikers were called for, the audience sang

From Greenland’s ley Mountains and India’s |

Coral strand.”

George Owens, a Londoner and «a roissionary
in Pekin, waa the first of the five-minute spenk~
ers to get the floor He sald that the great
need of the work {n China was in the line of
more schools More misslonaries were also
needed

The Rev, kb. T. Eaton of Louisville, Ky , got the
floor and wanted to object to a statement made
at the Monday night meeting about the share
that wormen had in the work of providing funds
for carrving onthe work of foreign luissions
The statement he objected to was that. the
women contributed only twoand # halt of the
nineteen nullions that were given annually for
the support of the misstonaries. Dr, Eaton
suid that the two miillions anda half repre.
sented omy what was contribuied through the
women's societies and asa matter of fact nore
than half of all the money that was diven carne
fromthe women or through the woinen, He
said that in hia ehureh in’ Louisville the most
liberal contmbutor to the cause of foreign mis-
SIONS WASA woman This talk pleased the

women and they cheered and applauded br, ,

Paton until he blushed,

be eaten was followed by Dr. H. Grattan
Guinness, a colored nuisslonary trom thee Congo
region fie said that when he went to the dis-
triet to work the missions had already been es.

tubliished and there were more than a thousand |

converte, When he went there he Was hot sure
thatthey were converted aud he tested them by

trving their honesty “Phe food was nottaken,” |
said the preacher, “and other misstonarles will |

Dear me out in the statement that when you

can'treach an African through his digestion |
He said, when the |

you can't reach him at all
Jaugh died away, that he was satistted atter his
tear that the Congo people tad been well con-
verted

fhe Rew Richard Winson of Lahore, India,
had the nest chanes and he was followed by
the Rev. George F. Pentecost, who talked about
work among the educated people in India The
Rev M_ Barbrook, 9 missionary from Paragniay,
declared that missionaries made a mistake in
dressing heathens in Christan clothes He
tilked about the tremendons tield for work In
South America

fhe Rey Dr A. T. Pierson, who had been
laboring under some excitement since the first
part of the meeting, when Bishop Phorburn
rede his remarks abont the Bible not betng the
foundation of the Christian religion, was an-
pounced as the last speaker, and he came tothe
front of the platform ina quick, nervous man-
ner, He declared the one thing the conference
mat do above all others was to guard the in-
tegrity of then ispired Word of God. He said

“There was something in the paper read by
Reshop Thorburn which was open to a mistaicen
construction, and which must be answered
here. He intimated that though the Chureh
might seem to be disturbed as to its Bible foun
dation, its realfoundation was Jesus Christ [
beg of you to notice that this statement fs anbe
ject to one or niore interpretations The written
word is the living word,” declared Dr. Pierson
whereat atleast half the audience rose up and
cheered “There are tworevelations of Christ
tous,” wenton Dr Plerson
the soriptural and the other is the
ence 4ut the experience revelation
upon the scriptural Phe experience revela-
ton is never made without it is preceded
by the eeriptural. How about those who never
have had the experience revelation, W ho have
not had the advantage of elvilization? Whence
comes our knowlege in the first place except
through the written Seripture, and what is to

become of who have never beard of

expert-
rests

those

Christ and who have never seen the Seripture? ,

Where ara they to get their knowledge? | bew
of vou toremember that Jesus himself quoted
Peter at Pentecost in that
sermon that made more converts than any
other aver spoken preached from the Seripture
and in his sermon he quoted from the Seripe
ure

Ne Pierson went on amid consider ible yee
planse and jnoted from the teact {ngs of Christ
to prove that he used the Seripruire

clared that whatever hurts the infallil

lity of

the Word immairs the integrity and hurts the |

Lord “ltimpairs the integ-
eter,” he said. “itis only by
God that sinners are brought. to
My pasior ised tosay to me that
nvert through words of his

Iways through some words
the Scripture, Once

was the use of his

infaltibitity of the
rity of His ch
the Word ot
repentance
he never got avr
own, but it wa
ahat he had taken from
the pastor Was sisked whit
saving anything the
eonverta He replied that the Word of God
was the arrow and that his own words were
the feathers that guided the
Unatior -
Dr Pierson’s defence of the Bible was the
most popular sy the session and he was
applanded when tr ned } Bishop
Thoburn made no reply and the meeting came

to an end imitnediately

ech at

resi sseat

WOMAN'S MEETINGS,

The Question of Marriage for the Missionary
Discussed at One of Them,

The sessions of the conference held outside

of Carnegie Hall, known as sectional meet-

ings numbered ninevesterday Some of these,

like the meetings tn Carnegie Hall,were crowded, |

people stood back of the seats ip the auditor-
jums and in the gallen
the aisies, Other of the meetings only
scantily attended. The grouping olthe meetings

were

in the churches about Carnegie Hall, bringing |

all the mission workers and their friends into
one nelzhborhood, gave a Syrian woman the
idea that she might do a litte missionary work
and educate the impressionable, at the same
turning an honest penny: and she seated
it different times on the fence coping
churches, looked sad, and dis-
played laces of the kind seenin Washington
apolowetieally asking

Theimission Workers and their friends

Vinne
hersell
or steps of the
look

streat people to

and buy
seemed somehow to have lost their eve for the
Oriental and lotein the afternoon the Syrian
woman sat disconsolate with a satchel
full of her fabrics beside her

In the morning at the Madison Avenue RKe-
formed Church, women's work in giving was
the subfeet of consideration by a number of

women in attendance at the Conference

of the speakers expounded the close relationship |

of money to the salvation of the world. Woni-
en's evang work was discussed at the
Calvary Baptist Church, with special atten-
tion to the presentation of ChrisGan truth to
the work of native con-
work tn behalf of

listic

women and ehildren
yerts, and general public
women
At thea
question for discussion wi
Miss Caroline Hazard, President of Wellesley

Presbyterian Church the
educational work

Central

College, presided and introduced as the first |

speaker Mrs. E. W Blaichford of Chicago,
Reeretary of the Board of the Interior, who
spoke on kindergarten work in missions She
emphasized the point that it is much easier to

bring the child up rightly from infaney than to

wait until its mind has developed to someextent |

and then try to incileate prineiples Primary
and Village Schools,” was the subject treated
of by Mrs FB. J) Ellerby, a missionary of the
Church Missionary Society in India, who told
of the good work accomplished among the Hin-
doo children in the missionary schools and of
the diMteulties sometimes encountered in get-
Miss Trene

the Church

to the schools
beorelary ol
Bociely,

hildren

ting the «
Barnes of Londen
of Fuwland Zenana Missionary
on “Industria! and Manual Training The
fmportanes of waching the native women
something which should be of actual service
to them could not be overestimated, she said
It wave them an idea of the practical benefits
yolation with the mis-

spoke

to be derived from ass
sionaries

Miss Isabella Thobura of India, a missionary
of the Methodist Eptscopal Church, spoke
on the “Higher Pducation of Women.” What
the foreign misswus iu India needed, she said,
was not so much higher educalion of women
as higher education of mien, for men who can
lead and control the natives are the great de-
sideratum there. The natives do not under-
etand leadership by a woman

The same subject was to have been discussed
by Mrs. S. L. Baldwin of Brooklyn but ehe sent
word that she was detaiyed at home by the ill-
ness of her husband t had been rumored
on the previous day that Dr. Baldwin was erit-
ically il, but Mrs Baldwin wrote that the ul-
bess was not serious, Pet Paper was read by
Mra Bliss. Mrs. Theodore Wo McNair of Japan,
an Amerioan missionary of the Presbyterian
Chureh, waa the last speaker and talked o
‘Training of Bible Women and Other Workers,

At both morning and alternoon sessions
yesterday, the preponderance of women in
the audience was so notivealde that one of the
conference's own reporters published the guess
that the hagi-worked male delegates had ie
pdvaniage | the fine weather to see the éighte

ee 8 ae Boat 5 '

;
ye
be

\o

ee

lof New York, In J
| stayed through the meeting at the Fifth avenue

He |

 

 

“one revelation {s |

{in the foreign feld

He de- |

|} Wife of

i his words did not nake |
} expended in trav

arrow to {ts des- |

and sometimes In;

|} work

 

One | gracefully

) she ordinarily charged a fee for her

the aftern

Presbyterian Church, Of the meetings at the
Calvary Bapust,the Madison Avenue Reformed,
the Church of the Strangers and at the Chamber
Music Hall of the Carnegie building none was
crowded, The Central Presbyterian Chureb
meeung, however,was. Experiences in and de-
ductions from the conduct of missions were
wiven to the audlence at the Chamber Muste
Hall At the Calvary Baptist Church, where
work for young women and children was con-
sidered. one of the speakers said) “Teachers
of children should teach the Thou shalt and
the Thou shalt not, but they also should #e

train the child that he will for himself and by |

himself choose the right.”

At the most lurgely attended of the atter-
noon meetings, that at the Central Presby-
terian Churel, the subject under consideralion
wis ‘Literature.” There, at) othe other
churches, maps hung upon the walls and from
the baloony railings, to pout Ue missionary
Inseous of the speakers. Mrs. Baird from
Corea said that there were only two small tracts
for women and girls in that land, but that there
was now aA movement to start a paper with
proper departments for them. Mrs Willian
Ashinore of Swatow, China, said that the lit-
erature forgirisin that country Was too classical
and that there was pressing need for a simpler
form of literature. Mrs, Thoburn of India
sald that there were five papers published in
that country by the various mission secleties
and that the children there were often able
to read to their mothers. She urged the ep-

| dowment of publishing honses to disseminate

reading matter for the people. Misa S.C. Easton
of the Woman's Union Missionary Society in
India said that atheistic literature was doing
great damage among the students in the schools
there to whom itis furnished at half price

A resolution was adopted expressing. the
sense oof the meeting that it: shonid be
recommended to mission boards that they
make provision for meetin the demand
for Christian literature and that they de
Renate some one to encourage native
Christian literature and make provision for
the translation of books appropriate to
women and children.

A speaker from India at the Fifth Avenue
Presbyterian Church said) “I do not know
low it is possibie to get even the best results
of Christian love, when weatand to the native
querer’ and worker in the ight of paymaster
The great problein is how to manage this
Tinaneial question and be able to make men of
our native converta The solution is tiat
we must throw responsibility upon the indi-
vidual and give them their particular fields,
wlowing them to manage those felds for then
Be) Vers,

Che Rey. Dr oS. N. Chester, speaking on the
subject “Native Agency,” said) “Essentially
every foreign missionary, whether preacher,
teacher, doctor, translator, or writer of books
is an evangelist the scope of whose works will
be measured by his ability to multiply
himself by the native evangelists he finds,
trains and helps to guide. In this ability or
the lack of it, rnere than anv where else, lies the
difference between small and great misston-
aries

kW. Parker, from India. said) “Weare doing
our best to train oue man in each village re-
liglousiy as a leader for his own village, These
men cannot read or write, but arg taught to
silug and pray and tell of the love of Jesus. In

}; many of our village circuits at least one man is

Now s¥bported by the people, The problem
of teaching people to give is as great in Tidia as
in Amerion

In the Church of the Strangers a epeaker said
“The health question {s more neglected than
any other question of the missionary problem
fhe missionaries are sent out without any
idea of how to care for themsetves in new oli-
matic conditions It is my mission in life--I
think God has called me to it--to protest
against this and to try to remedy it We talk
a wood deal of climate, but if we went about
things {n the same way in this country, we
should have as much trouble We should
teach those we send intu mission flelds about
proper food, water and clothing.”

rhe Rev. R. P. Mackay of Toronto said
“Clomely allied to the question of support is
the question of the marrlawe of the uilesionury,
at least in the initial years of his ministry
It need not be said that this is not a question
as to Whether a celebate is in itself superor
or more holy than a married life. That ques-
tion is settled so far se Protestants are con-
cerned. It ts simply to question of the most
econonieal and most effective expenditure
of life and money for the salvation of souls
The arguments for both
are well known and little ean be added, On

} the one hand are recited the value of the Chris-

Wan home, With the mutual respect of parents
and children and the freedom and dignity of
motherhood ea an object leston in lands where
such conditions are pot known the effect of
home life in sustaining tie physical and spiritual
vitality and tone of the missionaries in the
Inidst of cireuistances that are depressing,
and the direct missionary work done by the
; the missfonary, either in supplementing
his work or in other departinents of work that
he could never by any possibility reach
“On the other hand,it is said that thousands
of pounds of mission funds gathered tor
purpose of converting the heathen Are @X~
pended on the support of children that are
net and never will be woy dire cnet to

he mission; thousands of pounds more

are
owing to the sickness of
¥

and children, requiring not only their
return to the home land, but also requir.
ing the absence of the missionary from
fleld, the work therehy ceasing. but the ex-
penditura going = or the necessary Tee
eirainte, especialy in pioneer Work, aris-
ing = from dotiest responsibilities and
enres; the distraction and diversion of energy
from. the objeet unavoidably
associated with parental relations; the fre-
quent abandonment of the work after vears

“These and other reasons are certainly not
without weight. The argument is not all on
one side. The lives of Paul and Patricius and
Columbia and Aidan and Bishop Parterson and
MeKay of Uganda still speak, It can scarce!
be doubted that if there were more of that high
consecration and singleness oof purpose, so
supremely important and needful, there would
» less haste in enleriug Upon matrimonial
relations. Men would wail at least until they
had seen the field and the conditions in whieh
they were to work, until they knew from ex-
wrienoe how best they could gory God, before
forming allianees that for many reasous may
prevent them from fulfiding their highest des-
tiny Surely if lovaltv to Queenand country
cause men to leave wife and children in times
of war to endure harness in eaiap and battles
fleld it ought not to be accounted an impossible
thing for men and women to abstain from sore
domestie eomforts for His sake who became
poor that we might be rich, Certainly the end
mid demands the greatest possible
and self-denial, so far as they will
totheat m view

One ot the your men mediow: missionaries
from China, speak at the Madison Avenue
Reformed Church, said that the Chinese girl's
hands were made tor medieal and surgical
she was deft, neat, clean. “We want
more of them,” the tissionary said Another
Woman Hilts @nary who Was announced as a@
speaker, did not want to say anything A
Woman in the audience arose and asked the
churman if the missionary wouldn't) please
just getup, “so we ean see her and wave our
rands to her.” On this appeal the missionary
an elderly woman, arose and smiled aud howed
and appreciatively, and comnend-
aby kept silent tor the hour of the meeting's
scheduled end was almost come.

Dr. Mary Eddy, who spends seven months

Wives

the

ohne supreme

Justifles
SHOT LCes

contribute

each vear in the tents of the peopie of Syria, |
that |

said

SPOT Vices,
and spoke of receiving @ fee in the slape of a
mare that she rode to death in three months
while engaged in her evangelistic medical

work

George Foster Peabody, Treasurer
Conference, reports recetpte of $1,153.27
Monday and Tuesday i} the expenses are
kept at $41.000, there remains about 88.000 yet
to be secured, but the management announces
that ni vpenses are constantly developing,
and that eninore money may be required

lr. Jumes B. Angeil, Ire ent of the Unie
versity of Michigan, will
men's Missionary Meeting to be held in Carnegie
Hall on Friday eveinng, April 27

EVENING MERTINGS,
An Interesting View as to the Future of the
Chinese Empire,

administering medical treatment,

for

Ihe attendance at last night's meeting in
Carnegie Hall was as great as on the other two
fewer
came Who had no tickets, so that the erowd
turned away was smaller than it had been and
it Wis ssary to open any of the

evenings of the Conference, but persons

hot
for an meeting,
there were enough turned away

heer
churches overflow although
to have more
than fliled any church in the neighborhood
The meeting was presided over by Bishop E.R
Hendricks of Kansas City. He is a Bishop of
the Methodist Churoh, Bishop Hendricks called
upon the veteran of the «missionary corps, Dr
Jolin G, Paton of New Hebrides, for the open-
ing prayer. Then he announced that the topio
of the night was the “Printing and
Distribution of the Bible.” He said
that the Conference wasn't here to
glorify and worship the word of God, but to
wlorlfy and worship the Son of God. “Moharm
med,’ said he, “isa religion of the book, Chis
tianity ts areligion of apersonal Christ. Under
the one there is the unspeakable Turk and the
cruel Arab; the other is a religton of love and
obarity.”’

Bishop Hendricks introduced Canon W.J. Ed-
monds of London, Vtee President of the Britieh
and Foreign Bible Society, who read whet was
probably the most carefully prepared paper
that has so far been presented. It was on the
translation and distribution of the Bible. Canon
on Edmonds's paper showed the most careful
study, and it was an extremely interesting re-
view of the various translations of the Bible
that Christianity has had. It waslong, aad he
exoeeded the time allotted him more than fifteen
minutes, but he held hie audience, was con

) India trom the Reformed Chureh in

of the |

preside at the Lay- |

oon few people tinually applauded, and atthe end he had to

get up several times and bow in response to the
applatse

Bishop Hendricks said, when there came
quiet: “Iam glad of the Chureh of England
and] am glad that she not only sent one of her
most learned capons, but she sent a rifled ean.
pon with arange-finder, The Duke of Welling-
ton once presided over a meeting at which
Bishop Wilberforce spoke overtiine. Some one
sald ‘Why didn't you stop him?’ ‘Stop hicn,’
said the Duke: ‘T would just as soon fieht the
battle of Waterloo over again’ And then

| Canon Edmonds had to get up and bow again

The second speaker of the evening Was the
Rev. Dr Jucob Chutuberlain, & tdesionary to
Ainerica
Dr Chamberlain ocenpied balf an hour in due
seribing the work of the missionaries in India
He told how Buddhistn had been driven out by

Hindoolsm, and he declared that now Indian waa |

ripe for plucking by the Chmatians, While de-
claring that Hindooism had deparied trot all
its ancient virtues and had become a religion of
vies and sin and immorality the thlssianary
protested against the Lindous’ adopting the
morality of the Bible unless they at the same
time accepted Christ

In closing his address Mr. Chamberlin de-
clared that there was a revival of Hindoo-
ism in the air in India; thatis, a revival of the
ancient Hindooism, “Every one agreed,” he
suid, “that the present Hindooism mustgo
‘They diifered only on what wus to take its
place" He dwelt at some length on the danger
ol the Hindoos taking the Bible and adopting
the moraiity of it without taking Clirist
He seemed to think that this would be
a very bad sthing for (Christianity. He
appealed for more missionaries. and for more
money. He declared that the flag of Hindoo-
isms Was ready to come down and that the
Chureh, instead of stepping in and establishing
itself in the country, Was sunply sending mes-
sages Wo the missionaries to bold on to what
they had and wait until the Church caught up
with them. Raising his hands toward heaven
and throwing Cock bi head he cried Mera.
ful Jesus, isit thus that we redeem by Thy
Grage?”

The last address of the evening was by the
Rev Dr Willlam Ashmore, a missionary to
China, sent by the American Buptist Missionary
Union He stirred up the audience more than
had any speaker since the beginning of the
Conference. His story was a story of China as
phe was, as she is, and as he thought she would
be He said in part

“Ammons all the events that
fenuon in either heuntsphere, none loots up
into more starting prominence than does
the threatened collapse of the greatest empire
on the face of the earth. The causes of China's
downfall are not to be found in the deerepitude
of old age, although she is old as a nation lhe
individual consutuents of her nativity are not
old. The individual Chinaman is remarkable
for virile traits He is an emigrant of ubiq-
uitous adaptation. He is a business man,
he isa mechanic, he is a trader, he is a sailor,
he isa diplomat, and by and by he will be a sel-
dier Then let the world look out. His mest
wonderful characteristic is his capability of
being built into a new structure, when his pre-
dilection happens to be that way. Neither
is the reason to be found in the enervation pro-
duced by Inxurious and riotous living: sueh
as sapped the energies of the Greeks and the
Romans The Chinamen are poor, they have
not the means for luxurious living Their
srinding poverty and the hard toil it entails
fave given them bardy constitutions apd have
made them wakeful and watehful and ready
to push and te push with adventurous dees-
peration as you know from their endeavors
to seetire entrance into lands from whieh they
are excluded. The causes of this impending
collapse are to be found elsewhere, Some are
from within, some are from without, and sous
are from above

“Leading off in the internal causes are the
acouniilated corruplion of a dozen dynasties
and of many generations of evil doers. It
has come to pass, at last, that the official classes
of China have come to consider their pecu-
lation and extortions as legitimate rights
Pheir sale of justice or rather injustice, passes
without rebuke. The wickedness of one mene-
ration becomes. the capitalized wickedness
of another, Without money tn hand anything
ean be done: with money in hand nothing
ean be accomplished Public officer are bought
and sold, Robbers and pirates and rebels
are bought off and taken into public service
Even the Empress Dowager offers to fssas-
sins a reward either in money or office, ag the
Fee 1} assassin may elect. It ts the opinion
in China, of those who have studied the aitua-
tion, that a cure is impossible. China ts filled
with the sins of her youth. Rottenness is
in her whole political and seelal systems a
she is festering unto death. Next in order,
and to consummate the curse of the situation
Ching has lost all power of recuperation, She
has exausted all her moral resources.

‘Closely related to tha above. and, as a practi-
eal outeome are the wars which China has
had with outside nations. There is the war
of “48, ihe war of and the Japan war of '95
These have racked almost to the’ breaking
apart, the endurance of theChinese, Another
war would be her ruin. They have exposed
the inherent weakness of the whole Chinese
Adtuinistration: they have revealed the in-
caloulable roftenness that obtains from the
Cabinet of Pekin, down to the loweet Yarn
in the smallest city of the Empire. Not oniv
have outside nations made these startling
discoveries but the Chinese people have them-
selves found ont how powerless their rulers
are fhe reverence once felt has changed
to contempt The soll is already prepared
for insurrections and rebellions

Though there may be a doudburst in the
near future tbere will bea clear «ky in the future
bevond. No need for apprehension: the death
throes of to-day may be the birth pangs of to-
morrow. There will be a recorstructed China.
AU her material conditions will be changed for
the better. She will rise in the scale of nation-
hood her foreien relations her financial svetem,
her indictal administration, will he Nfted tm.
mensely above the level where they now are
New soil Js always) wonderfully rich Old
people once emancipated from old ideas will
grow new ideas with an exuberapes tniwonted
The Japanese are an illustration of this The
Chinese once started tn the sarae way will move
at a slower galt but will surpass them in the
scale of inagnitude

“The structural forees are already at work
The construction train, divine and bhutan, is
already organized. ‘Instead of the thorn
shall come up the fir tree, and instead of the
brier shall come up the myrtle tree,’ says Lealah
‘Instead of the oxcart shall) come the loce-
motive and instead of the hand shuttle shall
come the power loom,’ says the man of busi-
ness. ‘Instead of the idol shrine shall rise up
the house of the living God. and instead of
droning Buddist chants shall come songs of
praise to the Holy One,’ says the missionary
of Jesus Chris All these prophets are true,
and, although uneonecionsly, some of therm
are working out the connsels of the Most High
for the uplift of a sunken nation

“It is unsafe to prophesy, but with some
knowledge of forces at work and some dis-
cernment of lines of movement aided by Serip-
ture intimations, we may not be amiss in in-
dulging In some forecast of the future. The
China that [a to be will be a homogeneous self-
governed Chinn, The China that i# to be will
ally herself with the most pronounced represen-
tative governments of the West Tt may seem a
visionary thing to eav, but say it we do there
may be a representative government in China
quite as soon as there will be one tn Russia
the Chinese coolle way be a voter before the
Russian serf the Chinese uplift of the coming
fifty years will exceed the Kussian uplift: of
the past hundred veors.”

At the end of his address Missionary Ashmore
declared that he didn’t propose to talk any pol-
{tics but that it was this country’s destiny (re-
ferrinw to this country always as ‘Jhe (Cireat
Western Nation’), to have ahand inthe eiviiia
ationof the Fastern world He declared that it
was rightand proper that the great Western
nation should hold up a protecting hand and
suy to the rest of the world “hands off in China

ehallenge ate

| give theold lady a chance; she is down now;

give her a chance to getup.”

This part of Dr Ashmore'’s address aroused
intense enthusiasm, and the representatives
from Englandand Germany andother Furopean
countries all Joined in and said “Amen Dr

Ashinore was the first speaker who oxceeded |

his Ume and absolutely had the crowd with him
when the timekeepers tried to stop him. At
the third or fourth attempt he firned and was
about togive up when there were shouts all
over the big hallof “Goon! Goon! Don't let
them step vou,” and Dr Ashmore went on

The ineeting closed with the singing of the
Doxology and a benediotion A peculiarity of
the audiences at Hiese Carnegie Hall meeting
is that they stay nght through to the end of
every meeting. There is no getting up and
rushing out at the end of the last speech
Everybody waits and sings, and there is ab-
solute silence wher the benediction is pro-
noun
«© The work of the Bible societies was the gen-
eral topic of the speakers at the evening meet-
ing at the Central Presbyterian Church The
Rev. C.  lamels of Boston presided The
Rey, John Fox, one of the secretaries of the
American Bible Somety, wax the first speaker,
“The Contineutal Congress,” he said, ‘was the
first Bible Society. It appropriated $20,000 with
which to import Bibles from Europe. Then at the
beginning of this century the Brittats society
was formed and in IsM and 1516 ourown Bible
societies were formed. Since then they have
girdled the earth with their work. The Bible
societies are @ssentially a Protestant institution.
They form one of the few Protestant insatitu-
tions which Pome respects and also fears. One
has to take his chances between an infalifble
Chureh and an infallible Bible, and we have
chosen the Iatter.

wet @peat fog of Bible circulation,” he oon-
tinued, “is the Roman Catholic Chyrch The
Catholios have had their friars in the Philip.
pines for the last years, and yet they have
never translated into the native languages a
single book of the Bible. But now we enter
there and weimngt pour the Gospel into the
pepnle The work has Wjready been begun by
3ritish and Amerioans, but as yet the natives
standa littl baek from the Americans. But
thie will soon wear away.”

In Cuba, he sald, 40,000 coples of the le had
been distritmted In the twelve years before the
Spanish war, while in a the work wus

Just Deginnds .
The Rev. E. W. Parker foll hed
count of the work of Bibl. distribution in
northwest India, where he ha: oon, laboring
for the. past forty. yeai ‘or that
section, eaid, translations, Jwere
j

with an ao

sate al
os was oie ia fh

-

| the equivalent of a cent of our money

, of the

 

service once bean

25, 1900.

into Arabic, Persian, Hindoo Sanserit and
Hindostunes and copies of a «ingle Gospel sell for
person,” he said “oan have at least @ piece of
the Seriptu e, and this is 80 much good need
planted to forward the harvest. Do hot erat
your Bible societies, for the Jeon te
not set alon, aE the a Ot oor. Harry
The Rev James King of Aua j
Guinness of London and Dr v0. K Averson
from Corea also spoke
$A T

SIDELIGHTS OF THE CONFERENCE.

The thing that most forcibly strikes one about
this Ecumenical Conference is the character of
the conferees, There is nothing particularly
churchly or clerical in the looks and actions
delegates. Foreia@n mission work
seems to dnubue ite followers with some
of the qualities of the man or woman of
the world One might well take the gathering
at first sight for a scientific convention
or a conference of teuchers and professors,
There is a certain practical and business like
air about most of the delegates that at once
impresses one, and in the meetings they show
the fuculty of getting through with a large
amount of work in short order. Another point

| {8 the large proportion of men for a convention

of this nature And nearly all the men are
wien of torday, practical, evergetic, resources
ful-looking {udividuals, whose talk ts of
methods and results instead of dogmas and
creeds i

There {3 no theological hair-«plitting at this
conterence The old style of missionary ts in a
very inconsiderable minority; the grim, hard-
faced controversial-minded man who must
save according to the tenets of his particular
creed or not at all, endowed with all (he sterner
virtues but lacking in sympathy ;
have cole up the men and women missionaries

; of the new type, Whose religion is a cheerful

every-day sort of religion and who wear pleas-
ant faces and pretty generally well-made
Clothes, also. Yet these are not of @ les» hardy
missionary stock than the men of the first =
eration of foreign missionartes. Many of them
have blazed the path of missions through as
great dangers as thetr predecessors face To
them the conference, besides its pyrpone of
serious business, is a sort of general holiday
from their labors and after every meeting one
ean find dozens of them standing about and
having the best kind of a time swear ex-
eriences from all parts of the uncivilized and
ialf-civilized globe

It was just after the Rev. Dr. Arthur 'T, Pier-
son had begun his address in the Central Pres-
byterian Church that he chanced to glance
downward and to his left) There he beheld tive
ear-trumpets all elevated at the sameangleand
pointing straightathim The owners
trumpets, who were all iy one pew, were lean-
ing forward with (lat strained intentiess 50
characteristic of the deaf, It was enough to
discompose any speaker to discover suddenly
such @ battery turned upon him. Fora moment
Dr Pierson paused and astartled expression

passed over his face; then he resurmed, but
with an eve out all the time for woes pew
Ordinarily he is a foroeful and emphatic
speaker with a volce that carries well
but he had been speaking before that day and
Was somewhat tired and apparently didn't feel
quite sure of his voice. So he kept tabs on the
ear trumpets as A criterion to judge whether
his words could be heard all over the wudito-
rium, for he figured that if the five deaf men
could hear everybody else could) Every few
sentences he would glance down at them and
whenever the ear trumpets went forward he
would put a@ little more vigor into his voice
He looked rather tired when it was all over, but
the enthusiaan with which the five handicapped
auditors applauded him at the finish oughtin
itself to have been a sufficient recompense for
the extra effort

Three of them met on the sidewalk at the

close of one of the meetings. The first jab-
bered a short, swift speech that fairly bristled
with intricate consonant sounds. The second
took a long breath and breathed out a few

words that resembled more the sounds that the |
Then |

wind makes at night than anything else
the third opened up and chattered asort of a
ragtime in wooden but variegated tones
that they all luughed and began to speak their
own tongue Wluch was Pnglish. The first was

amissionary from the borders of Siberia, the |

second came from the South Seas and the third
had just returned from many vears of teaching
in China bach of them had stinply passed the
time oft day in the language to which he had be-
come accustomed

It is a treat to hear the missionaries sing.

Buch congregational suming isn't beard in this |

city once ina decade. It is a pretty well estab-
lished principle of missionary work now that a
missionary Who can't sing must learn before he
can be of
out ut the meetings of the conference every-

body gets up and puts the whole strength of

his or her voice in the business imimediately in
hand. Andthe hymns are not the cheap and
trashy topical song style of “sacred” mu-
sic that for a tine has been so popu-
lar, but the dne old music that is common to
all the churches For the use of the conference
a paper-coyered hymn book has been pub-
ished: filled with selected hymns, and it is not
too much to aay that there {snot a trashy seleo-
tion in the book
as “Nicaea,” “Rathbun,” the Portuguese Mis-
sionary hymn, the Italian hymn, the Sicflian
Mariners’ hymn. ‘Rock of Ages,” “Cowper,”
“All Saints,” and, of course, “Old Hundred,”
the “Coronation,” the Missionary hymn and
“america The little books are provided by
the conference and the only restriction on their
use ie that they shall be left in the seats until
the last services of the conference is over when

the delegates are expected to take them home

as sonvenirs

The enthusiastic patience with which the peo-

plestood up during the long and crowded sessions

of Monday nighteould hardly be duplicated out-
side of a political rally, At the Central Presby-
terian Church all the aisles were jammed but
there were not thirty people who left after the
There they stuck inspite of
notification that an overflow meeting was in
progress nearby where there would be seats for
everybody. Toward the front of the centre
aisia were several old) men, all appar-
enuy between a and 70 Some

of the younger women in the pews of-
fered to give up theirseate In favor of the
veterans but the old omen were sturdy

speciinens, as foreign missionaries are likely to |
be, and said that the floor Was good enough for |
So down they sat, braced their backs |
against the sides of the pews and with the as- |

them

sistance of overcoats used for cushions got
through the two hours in apparent
comparatively speaking. But when the meet-
ing was over they found themselves in some
embarrassment, for the long sitting in a
cramped position had stiffened their muscles,

and most of them had to be helped up by main |

force One old gentleman in particular was so
cramped that he couldn't straighten out hislegs
at all, and deeply disgusted with himself he
wa
out into the hallway he soliloguized in wrathtul
tones

“Pleasant thing this is for a man only 67 vears
old. lived all my life outdoors, tog Wouldn't

be surprised if Thad to walk with a cane before |

I'm 70 at this rate.”

All the women delegates carry notebooks,
They carry pencils, too
them carry knives. Therefore when they break
or bite the points off their pencils, as they al-
mostinvarinbly doin the excitement of
taking, they have recouree to the nearest
manforaid At the special women’s meetings
{tia quite likely to happen that the nearest
mantis several rods away
breaks her pevcll starts the word to the man,

who supposably has a knife and the message

HYOMEIL

WILL

Protect You

Against Infection.
&

Just
Breathe
It.

It Cures Coughs, Asthma,
Croup, Catarrh, Bronchitis,
and Consumption, or

YOUR MONEY REFUNDED.

FIVE DAYS’ TREATMENT SENT FREE.

‘*Hyomet" js sold by all dr sts or sent b
Complete Outfits, t10b, Trial Outta, 250. "on

? THE MB. T, BOOTH CO., Ithaca, N. ¥,

In_ his place |

| vention the Britons
speakers; but that rule doesn't apply to the |

jis RK. Wardlaw
of the

After |

nuch use, When the hymus are given |

! Chureh, Forty ela? th street near Broadway
Mis

| street and Madison avenue.

It is filed with such hyiuns

| Chureh.

| Hartzell of Africa, the Rey

} Washburn, D.

comfort, |

Assome of the bystanders lugged hin |

But they don't any of |

note- |

The woman who |

| for re

indicates purity and perfection in brew-

ing.

than any other label in the world.

found only on the

It has been used on more bottles

It is
famous bottling of

Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n

St. Louis, U.S. A.
Brewers of the original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine,

passes sibilantly from seat te seat until
t reaches its destination, Back comes the
knife from hand to hand) = The owner watches
{t as long as he can without too obvious a show
of anxiety but it is presently gone from bis ken,
This is because all the women within earshot of
the borrower want to sharpen their pends with
it before {t goes back At the close of the
meeting the chairman announces

“A bone-handled pocket knife has been lost
by a gentleman who loaned it to an unknown
lady. Will whoover happens to have it in her
possession now hand it up to the platform?”

It generally happens that where Englishmen
and Americans are gathered together in con-
prove inferior as public

Foumenical Conference. Most of the speakers
from the other side are distinctly up to the
average of the Americans, if nota little above,
and they have been enthusiastically received

One of the pleasantest speakers thus far heard
Thompson, Secretary of the
London Missionary Society, and he de-
stroys a pet tradition of the American as
to our British cousins by a leaning toward
mildly humorous treatment of the topics on
which he speaks. He even tells a story when he
wants to bring out a point and_ tells it well
While particularly easy and graceful in delivery
he is yet almost pedantically exact in his use
and pronunciation of words, and he is probably
the only public speaker heard herein years who
takes occasion eS pronounce the word “iren’’
precisely as it is written.

“Beg your pardon, sir," he said, “but are you
one of the misstonaries? | just saw you come
out of the church so I thought I'd ask you if I
could get into Canegie Hall Only by ticket?
Well, I suppose Toould geta ticket from my
minister. But I'd like to get in to-night.
mighty interested in mission work. Used to
have @ brother that was a missionary. He went

to the Cannibal Islands and they got him,
Which — islands ? Well, never

worst of ‘em. All they found of him when the
next ship stopped in there was one bone and
hishat. The chief was wearing the hat and
they brought the bone back foraretic. Yee,
I'm mighty interested in foreign missions since
then ‘m a regular member of my church up
the State, too, and I come down here to ges in
this conference and now Lcan’taetin. Seems
tongh, don't it?) I've had bad luek, too. Lost
my pocketbook on the oars. You don't happen
to have a quarter you could lend me, do you
sir? No, sir, haven't had a drink to-day. I
never drink. That ain't whiskey you smell; it's
cough medicine. Yes, 0’ course I'd rather have
a dime than nothing. T’anks.”

The Programme for To-day.

#30 A. M,—Edueational work, Devotional service
in Carnegte Hall, led by the Bishop of New Caledonia,
British Columba.

WA M. Carnegie Hall, topic, “Educational Work.”
Popers by the Rev. LU. T. & Barber, M. A,
BK. 1D., headmaster of Ley School, Cambridge, Eng-
and, and @ former misstonary in China, the Hon.
William 7. Harris, LL. D,,Commissioner of Education
for the United States, and the Rev. John W. Conklin,
professor of soctology and misstons in the lible Nor
ma) College of Springwekd, Mass, These papers a
be followed by five minute s by misstonaries an
experts,

200 PL M. Union Methodist
“Wider
sions." Speakers Mr. G. A. King,
M. A, Loodon; the Rev, (ralusha Andéraon,
D. D., the Rev. Dr Gustav Warneck, Germany, and
the Rev. A. Sehreiber, D. D., Germany.

Madison Aveaue Heformed Church, Fifty seventh
“Vernacular Literature.”
Speakers: The Rev. John Murdoch, D. D., India
the Ret. George Kerry, London, the Rev. H. O, Dwight
LL. D., Constantinople, the Rev. John Husband,
-REGE,.C LE, indie
Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, Fifty fifth
ereet and Pitth avenue “The Native Church and
Moral Questions” Speakers Mr. W. B. Sloan,
london, the Rev, John MeLaurin, D. D,, India; the
Rev, H. T. Chapman, Fneland. Mr. Joseph Taylor,
India the Rev, Predertek Gatpin, China.

Ceniral Presbyterian Chureh, Fifty seventh street,
west of Seventh avenue, “Normal Training.” Speak
ere David Murray, LI. D.. New Brunswick, N. J;
the Rev. Myron Seudder, Ph D, ee

Chamber Muse Hall, Carnegte Hall “Medical
Training of Nasiven” bdwin Sareood Fry, M. D.,
Scotland; Albert P. Peck, M. D., China: John C. Berry,
M ~D., Worcester, Mass.

8 P.M. Carnegte Hall and Centra) Presbyterian

Sectional meetings

Relations of

In Carnegte Hall- “Some Present Problems tn Re
lation of Missions to Governments” will be treated
by President James Th Anvell, Li. D. of the Untver

sity of Michigan and ex Minister to Turkey, and there |

will follow missionary addresses | Lishop J.C.
Maurice Phillips of Indfa,
and Bishop Kidley of Caledonia, ti. ¢.

In the Central Presbyterian Chureh the Rev, George
D, Li. D, Pres tof Robert Col
lege, Constantinople, will speal of The Christian Col
lege as a Missionary Ageney” the Rev. Richard
Lovett, M. A. of the British and Forefgn Bibe So-
elety, London, wi'l speak on “] itera ture and Missions,”
and there will be a missionary address by the Rev.

Robert Laws, M. D., 1) 2D. of Africa.

AN APPEAL FOR INDIA,

Missionartes Call Upon the Amertcan People
to Aid the Famine-Stricken,

The Indian missionaries who are attending
the Ecumenical Conference held ao meeting
yesterday and drew up the following appeal
for aid for the famine-stricken in India The
petition is to be placedin the Executive Com-
mittee room in Carnegie Hall to-morrow, and
{t will be signed by all the missionaries

“We, the undersigned Indian missionaries
present at the Ecumenical Conference on
Foreign Missions in New York, desire to add to
the testimonies from many sources already
given to the publie by the press, our conflrmia-
tion, founded on personal knowledge and ex-
perience, of the unparalleled and indeseribable
gravity of the present famine situation in
India A calamity so overwhebnuing in its vast-
ness, soappalling in the suffering itinfliets on

millions of the most helpless of mankind, claims
Lhe attention, the pity and the suceor ot every
member of the fanuly of hations We, many of
us, bear in erateful memory, as do our
Indian brothers and ihe relief
which American generosity brought to
thousands and tens of thousands in
India in. the famine of i807, in the far
more awful visitation which the mysterious
Providence of God has now permitted to afflict
that great land, we turn to the United States
wed and enlarged bounty, forall that
an enlightened humane and wealthy nation ean
do to uid her stmeken and starving, her poor
and patient sister

‘tuis right we should bear our witness that
the British Government in India is doing all
that any governinent on earth eould do
with the situation and save the lives
tresped sul: In relieving five
milous of persons by direct
itisachieving a greater work of
any government lias ever in the worlds tstory
undertaken beiure With a skill derived fron
the carefully garnered experience of previous
famine CAT paldg hs, with an unstinted ek pen \\-
ture of money and a heroic outlay of British
energies and iives, it is dois all (han an ad-
miuistration can do But alongside of its efforts
there is @ Vaal area in whieh privat fi
cence can effect what governmental

sisters,

Lo cope
of ite dis-
and a half

Government ald,

ence cannot usefully atterupt; and ther ore |

acall to every bumane heart the wide
o

werld

ver
“The people of Britain, burdened just now
with heavy cares and engrossing tasks else-
where in their wide Empire, are yet dowur and
doubtless will continue to do much to sead help
to their Indian dependency. But afterall that
any one nation can elect, there remains tn this
appalling calamity a magnitude of distress that
only a eoopereting brotherhood of nations can
hope to relieve. (ritielan of Indian adminis-
tration, indulgence of polftical predilections,
edantic measuring of duties and responsibili-
jee, mustsurely be swept aside, when seores
of millions are in actual suffering, when hun-
dreds of thousands are in daily peril of dying
A nation whose ears are open to the worlds
voices and whose heart confesses the brother-
ood of man, can at such a moment have no
thought but that of instantand effectual rescue
and we solemnly appeal to this nation in all its
States and cities for a great and sustained
humanitarian. effort in relief of the Indian
famine—an effort worthy of ite own character
and position’ and adequate to the appalling

I'm |;

could |
remember names good, but it was one of the |

to-day prayed an

Circuit
| Attorney-General's case. This case will not!«
| appealed and Gen

office to

taken tnvolving the offices of Auditor, Treas

culture.
officers
surrender these offices the last of the week

ing the boy's story,
followed

any

| eighth street
| the house wh

{ police took her to the New 3

rescue that |

vents Ink Now!tng back and sotling

on receipts

Satisfies

With every element perfected

Hunter
Baltimore

Rye

Always satisfies. Herein
lies its motive and merit.
“Satisfy Always” is its
motto, This is its open
secret, and this wins

Universal Success.

A. B. HART & FRANK MORA, Reproaretatives,
4S. Willem St, New York, N.Y

Dr. Lyon's

Tooth Powder

Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.

KENTUCKY REPUBLICANS APPEAL

All Except Pratt, Who Gives Up to the Deme

cratlo Attorney-General,

FRANKFORT, Ky., April 24.--Ex-Gov. Bradiler,
counsel for the Republican State offie rs,
appeal to the Court of
Appeals in the contest oases in the Frank!in
Court with the exerntion of the

Pratt will surrender the
Gen, Breckinridge. Appeals were
urer, Secretary of State, Superintendent of

Public Instruction and Commissioner of Agric
This was a surprise to the Denocratia
who thought the Kepubliaans woud

The Franklin county Grand Jury will not ad-
Journ till the last of the week, and itis not

known When the indictment against Gov Tay-

lor will be returned

A deapatch trom Pineville says that Herre
Howard says he is not avoiding arrest, and will
not run away or resist. He says heis guilty of
nothing and is abundantly ‘able te prove lt
whenever he can geta trial He dec!vres he

| will walk into court without the porsuasion of
any officer

Columbia Men to Study Aatomobiles.

Fo'lowing the installation at Columbia Unk
versity of new courses in marine architecture,
shipbuilding and locomotive engineering, there
comes the announcement of a new course in the
department of mechanical engineer) « of the
school of applied’scienee Itis to be Known 4
“Traction Engines and Carriages’) and will
treat the subjects of self-propelling road
engines and cars, and automobile carriages
Prof, Frederick Remsen Hutton, dean of tne
faculty of applied seienee, who is “) a
memberof the undergradute automolbie cud
will conduct the new course

Roy Wanted The, Allen Arrested

A small boy went into the Mercer street
tion yesterday and asked that The Ale

stae

sporting man, be arrested, charging that A

had assaulted hin, Capt Chapman, atte

told him to wo to deffer
Market court and fell his story there ‘I!

this advice, but. when Mugstrate
Brann heard his story lie decided nott
warrant tiniass the boy could |
roborative evidence

French Girl Nearly Asphysiated
Felice Forestain, 16 years old, who arrived ff
this country from France two d « as
found from inha ing
lumineting gas ina room at isd West To
Mrs 1. Avellanet oeeuples
re the girl was found, and ;
the girl's crorher It is heheved
turned on the gas seeder v, The

rk tlospits

nneonsceionus yesterday

entye

afriend ot
that Feliee

Spencerian Pens.

New Series No. 37.

Winctaae
vente”

Hole? S<28O “mu )

Insert a pencil to Jeri the pen from holder

fingers. Same
Ask for 37.

SPENCERIAN PEN CO., New York, N Y

Water Fiters & Coolers

THE BEST KINDS
YOR SALE BY

LEWIS & CONGER,

130 & 132 West 424 Street

i ER As, x ? wee WY.
NEW FR ONT iyo

LATEST STYLE SHOWES THE TIE.

f returb postage

’