THE TROOPS HOME AGAIN,

CAVALRYMEN ARE ALL THAT

a ARE LEFT AT THE DAM,

 

The Seventh Regiment Warmly Commended
for the Performance of Soldierly Duties
sot a Complaint Found Against Any
Man Inctdents of thehe March | Home,
With practically a full force of men at work
hut two companies of soldiers gone

og eace and quiet and the regular rou-
tine of life are once more restored through-
put the lenwth and breadth of the Croton Damn
Valley At the quarry near Peekskill and
pe the new dam itself all the men reported

for work who could be employed. The gangs
at other points were either full or lacking only
e few workmen here and there A large num-
ber of those who have thus resumed work
are old men whe went out with the strike
Some two dozen of these strikers were un-
avoidably absent from the fact that they are
locked up tn White Plains Jail. Probably
{rom saventy-five to 4 hundred more vanished
from the scene iminediately after that awe-
round-up of last Thursday morning,

 

ising
oe axe not yet suffictently bracedup their
shattered nerves to come back to the scene.
They will come trailing into the fold during
the current week and will get work as vacan-
cles «

Aw the contractors have sald from the first

thare is no disposition to inflict any rigid retrib-
utive fustice even upon those who went into
the strike on the theory that it !s one of the
divine rights of man, when he doesn't want to
work himself to cave in the head of anybody
who doss. The strikers themselves have found
out that thera is something off color in the
premises that led them to this conclusion, and
their employers have no idea of making them
lose their jobs just because they slipped a cog
in thelr reasoning on @ question of political
economy. Besides they prefer to have the
old men who know the business rather than to
break in new ones, and yesterday they made the
announcement that new men who are thinking

soing to the dam to get work will do well to

ole
stay away They have more men already

avulable than can be provided with employ-

meit

It is evident from the expressions, direct and
indirect, which have come from Gov, Roosevelt,
that he has been as much impressed with
the masterly manner in which the Major-Gen-
eral in command of the military as well as the
ofcers and men under him have suppressed
without injury to a striker, what threatened
to be a murderous outbreak, a8 have all those
who have followed from day to day the methods
that have been pursned and the splendid re-
guts which have followed them, Only night
last Major General Roe received from the
r a letter of appreciation which read
Lows
Let me congratulate you on the admirable
uner in which you have been handling the
strike

i suppose that in due time I will receive the
report of the tuquiry into the lamentable death
of Douglass.”

The only demonstration after the departure
of the militia was caused last evening by the
arrival in the camp of Angelo and Antonio
Rotella, the so-called strike leaders who have
been since Friday in the White Plains Jail, To-
day their counsel, David Hunt, succeeded in
inducing County Judge Lent to reduce their
bail to $1,000 each, and after this was done a
bondsman was quickly secured, Marcello Ko-
tela, the father of the Rotella brothers, ac-
compatmed thera from White Plains to Croton
The party was met at the railroad station at
Croton and driven at once to the camp. The
two strikers occupied rear seats in the carriage,
while their father and the driver sat in front
They were cheered by the other strikers as
they passed along, and on their arrival at the
Rotelia saloon they got a cordial welcome
The Rotelias responded by shaking hands with
their friends and ordering numerous drinks

It was reported late last night that James
S. Coleman, the senior member of the con-
tractors, was held up by strikers while on his
way from the new quarry to the camp. It is
said that the Italians didnot attempt to do him
any violence but stopped bim to offer a few
Suggestions as to how they thought the strike
might be settled, There Lave been no picket
lines established but the cayalrymen were on
their horses last night patrolling the outskirts
of the camp in pairs and keeping a sharp look-
out

Tho last night of the soldiers in camp was
one of the dreariest of all their stay atthe dam. A
fog so heavy, thick and wet that it penetrated
tents and clothing as well streamed down
into every crevice of the valley and made the
work of the night seutries particularly bad
and wearing. But the sun came up so bright
yesterday morning and brought with it such
a June-like warmth that things were quickly
dried and the men with the prospect of home
before them turnedout in rollicking good spirits,
The two troops of Squadron A which were
designated to march for the city, were under
way long before the sun had got above the
hilltops which surround the valley,

They were on the march before the Seventh

Regiment men were fairly astir. Surgeon
Cameron bad telephoned ahead for a thousand
sandwiches and thirty gallons of coffee to be
ready for them at Yonkers, so that with the
exception of a short halt for this luncheon
there should be no delay in the march. The
route was along the road bordering the Hudson
over which Andre went one day until he met an
ancestor of Deputy Sheriff Paulding and three
others near Tarrytown, and so changed his
fans. When the first section of the train
waring the Seventh Regiment was passing
down near Dobbs Ferry at 3:25 in the afters
noon, the cavalrymen were seen ambling along
onthe road above the railroad tracks. They
were cheered and they also received Various
facetions offers to take them in tow

The movement of the Seventh began with
three companies under brevet Lieut.-Col,
ver at the millstone quarry and the two
Ompanies under brevet Lieut.-Col. Abrams at

» old dan {aht here it should be said
hat by an inadvertence the name of Col. Abranis
tted from the list of promotions read
parade on Sundag in the communication

befor

 
 

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

that wus made to the regiment from Gen. Roe
This is the more unfortunate from the fact
that of all those complimented by the promo-

tion, none is esteemed more worthy of it than
1 Abrams. This is his fortieth year

ous and meritorious service ane
ions he recetved from his brother
rticularly warm and enthusty >
honors conferred the singu

   
 
  

 

  
 
 

lar distinetion whieh Col Appleton reeeived
in th s! and fog of Monday night is not to be
" Col Appleton has the honor. of

 
 
  

Irst and only person living who has
rred upon him the Order of the Guinea
e ceremony took place about @ o'clock
nday night and it was under the an-
Spices of the privates of Company K Alter
ny his permission to present them-
the entire company filed down from their
hon the hillside and drew up in frout of his

 

tent.
Private Curtia was the spokesman and in

80 Address in which he touched with much
‘nor upon the regiment's recent campaign,
® tendered the Colonel the insignia of the
massive brass Greek cross with an
earbunele of purple-tinted glass In the
ached to it was a silken ribbon
ind green-—the colors of Italy

( 1 be hung about the neck he
replied in the same vein as that of

esentation speech and all

   
   
   

 

 

the ribbon

displayed against
bine of his navy

tunie The cross
* modestiy buried somewhere in the
‘ s clothing. To say nothing of
zht have excited in the bosoms
. id the offleers of his stalf, to have
FOrn it exposed would have been to cover

pwn breast with a shield of glit-

 

 

   

  

; fren from the quarry and those from
{ i reached the three companies on

"he dumps down by the Bowery bridge at about
1 Sine hour a little after 10 o'clock = The
vt came fnoon flat cars over the

t harrow gauge railroad, thosefrom

fain marehed all the four rtles over
mountain road as a preliminary

irceh of three miles with the e e

the dain to the specia

 

ton Landing railroad station
welock when the “general”

imp Roo and tn an
vhite seni te tents

has

ious detail in the strikir
npentin the hills vanished
whoop the dumps the tents of
DG and Hoalso melted into thin
Dfaneous.soapeshot manner

preparation was on in

  

of

ilar row
which

nd. tu re disappeared
DuVal--who supposed he was
rst Lieut. DuVal until the promo-

Unced at the parade on Sunday
howhat purported to he a tele-

      

 

 

 

 

1 Trem ody who was sup-
! , ew In consideration
oMce Pines ot Capt DuVal’s friends the
ther The regiinent agreed to assume that
guilt Phot writeit himself and that the
k uns on the names of Gen
i a 0% his stall benry
Gr : Thurston, Helly and
Al] Avene. ¢ reed up to him. At
‘Rew. Hone eta read as follows
fOr we'are « rsotne Holland ginfeocktails
MelanoH. a Hurry, have a Thurston, feel
able and they would prove, aGreer-
x bn
. Div al a(ciafusion of breaking camp Capt.
\ Ther personal violence

are idlers in Little Italy and the Bowery,

\

   

1 |

vesterday |
while the preparations for marching |
tress) he wore the order with the |

tent was thelast to godownes |

 

together with all the women and children

apparently, who were at home, gathered
on the hillsides and in the street to see
off. They looked sorry that

me soldiers
the show was over. [t was 14 when the march
were begun and at 2:30 the entire regiment was
on the train whieh, in two sections of tive cars
each and with five other cars for the bugeage,
Was waiting at the station,

From. the Grand Central Station. the men
marched to Vanderbilt avenue and then along
Forty-third street to Fifth avenue. It was a
few minutes after 4 in the afternoon, just when
Fifth avenue was gayest with fine equipages
and pedestrians, and the regiment bad to halt
in Forty-third street until the policemen had
cleared the way. ‘Then with the drum and fife
corpe playing “When Johuny Comes Marching
Home, and Col. Appleton and the Majors
marching on foot ahead, the regiment swung
into the avenue with the aid well-known Sev-
enth precision of clockiike movement, and ao
on to the armory

And thus ended what all are agreed was one
of the most valuable training ex pertencea
better than half a dozen turns of State camp
duty- which the regiment hes ever had.

“Lf cannot find words,” said Col Appleton,
“to express tay appreciation of the way. the
regiment has pertormed ita duty ‘here
{s not a blemish on the record of a single man.
And | wish also to express my appreciation
of our association with the other detachments
which have been here with us. It has been
a most valuable experience for all of us.”

The only military force now left at the dam
teatro Squadron A, under Capt Bodgley--
elurhty men and Troop C, under Capt.
Debevoise sixty-five men

They will remain but a very few days,”
said Gen Roe “Lb probably wil take a run
up here next Wednesday to see how things
ure looking and they will go very soon after
that. I do not anticipate any more trouble.*

Ky all odds the most picturesque figure at the

new dam encampment was the Seventh’s trum-
peter, William Allen, He is the ideal type of
the trim alert soldier. With his slouch hat
auntily turned up his bugle thing over his
ack and riding ike road hither and thkher
executing his orders, he always Count the
ere of every spectator. [le served al] through
the Spanish war and his father is now the trum-
pee of the Second Battery. Not @ man in
he regiment has any thing but warm words
of liking for “Willle,” as officers and men have
come to call him

So thus the “Guinea War® goes down into his-
tory with lite left of the army ofinvasion
save the debris of the camps in which Italian
women and children began prowling the mo-
ment the last of the Seventh’s gray column
swung around the town in the road at the top
of the bill above the Bowery. It was quite @
Klondike, the site of the camp and great store
of cigar ends, string buttons, boards, hay,
straw, tomato cans and assorted rubbish o
aii kinds was gathered in as the ligitimate
spoils of war and added to the treasure chests
of Little Italy and the Bowery

The cavalrymen rode into their Armory. at
Ninety-tourth street and Park avenne at 7:10
last evening, having made the march of thirty-
five miles in Just about twelve hours, They
left Croton Dam at7 o’elcok under the command
of Capt. W. ©. Camman and went by way of
the Old Post road to Sing Sing and thence
to Dobbs Ferry, where the first stop Was made
The troops arrived there at 1 o'clock. The
three wagons which went by another road
arrived soon after and the men had luncheon
An hour was eonsumed in. watering horses
aud it was not till 3 o’elock that the march to
the city was resumed. At Yonkers a lot of
vweople turned out to cheer the troopers, who

y this time were dusty and dirty froin their
march. Here Capt man ordered a rest
of ten migutes he command came down to
the city by way of Sedywick avenue and then
down Seventh avenue to the Park where they
turned east to Fitth avenne and so on down to
the Armory. A lot of the troopers’ friends
were in waiting for them there and took seats
in the gallery to see the formal ending of the
campaign. This eceurred when each trooper
had finished unsaddling his horse. All of them
united in saving that it had been one of the best
marches ever made by them in respect to the
time consymed and the #ivorable conditions
under which it was performed. They were
equally united in saying good things about the
campaign at the dam The experience, they
said, was far better than that of a State en-
campment. Capt. Camman ead:

"We haven't one single thing to complain
of, although most of us are glad to be back.
All of them are in the best of health, and we

have out of the whole squadron only two lame
horses. The entire command has gained a great
deal in experience for we were thrown on our
own resources, did our own cooking and looked
out for ourselves generally.”

The men of squadron A were preceded on
their march by thirty-five men of troop ¢
who were allowed to go home under commanc
of Lient. Paul Grout, The latter's litte com-
mand pulled out an hour ahead of the other
troopers and kept that much ahead of thern
allthe way tothe cdty. They spent three hours
in resting and watering horses a little beyond
Dobbs Ferry and reached their armory on North
Portland avenue, Brooklyn, by way of the
Twenty-third street ferry. It was about &
o'clock by the time the horses were unsaddled,
Brig. -Gen. McLeer was waiting at the armory

| to inquire about the welfare of the comman

A few of the men who came down yesterday

were excused for only twenty-four hours and
they expect to return tothe camp to-day

Writr Prarns, April 24.—Justice Marean in
the Supreme Court to-day admitted six of the
Croton Dam strikers to bail in. $1,000 each
Angello Rotella, who is credited with being
the strike leader, was the first to be bailed
It is said that friends of Rotella came prepared
to deposit $10,000 in cash if necessary te secure
his release

The report that Sheriff Molloy had a warrant
for the arrest of Sergeant Douglass's murderer
was denied by the Sheriff_who sald) “You
ean deny that Deputy Sheriff Breese or myself
has any such warrant. Every effort ts be-
{ng made to capture the murderer but we rust
first know who he is.” Several detectives are
said to be on the ease in the neighborhood
of Cornell Dam.

Sheriff Molloy to-day paid off al) the extra
deputies whose services have been dispensed
with

When Rotella was released he held an tn-
formal reception outside the jail yard where
a large crowd of his countrymen met him.

     
  
  
 

x

  

 

    

SEVENTH REGIMENT IN CAMP.

Some of the Incidents That Relieved the
Tedium of Strike Duty.

A novel feature of Seventh Regiment life
at the camp on the scene of the vew Croton
Dam strike was the interchange of social visits
from distant divisions of the regiment to neigh-
bors nearest by. Probably never before in
the history of the regiment bad it been so divided
up in an encampment as on that occasion,
At one time there were five distinct camps
even when companies G and H were consoli-
dated with Company D on the dump heap
flats. In the valley there were four camps,none
less than a mile away by the road from Its
nearest neighbor, and the most distant fully
| efx miles off. This gave an opportunity for
| r €
| the visits of officers and men of one command
| to the officers and men of another,

“Pig” teas, the men called them, although
when Squadron A gave its entertainment on
Saturday night at which Gen, Roe, Col, Apple-
ton and others made speeches, it was called a
camp fire. On Monday afternoon Companies
D, G and H, from the flats made a visit to Com-
panies K and I on the hill above headquarters,
The visitors, headed by their officers, marched
across the Bowery bridge and up the steep,
winding road which is so suggestive of the
approach to West Point from the steamboat
landing. Arrived at the camp the men were
drawn up in line with drums and fifes playing
and saluted their hosts, then they stacked
arms and the pig tea was on

Col. Appleton bad his headquarters with
Companies K and I and on Sunday he and the
officers of the regiment entertained the officers
of Squadron A at mess. This was in return
{ for Squadron A’s camptire of the night be-

Monday evening Major Conover
of Companies A, Band F,at the
ne down to Col. Appleton's head-
ra social visit. It Was not known
tion was given that the resi.
ment Was going home so soon and the fact
that marching orders had been received added
to the jollity of the evening
| While the entire regiment had hard work
| and little play, Companies C and F, at the old
} dam, probably hod the best er dof the trouble
| You could get up a cock tleht almost any where
| in that country on fifteen mintites notice, and
|

 

 

  
 
 
 

   

quarters
when the inv)

 

 

 

there were rumors of a few set-tos of this
sort up ld-dani way when the men were there
In another respect they had the best of the
other commands. They had Croton water
to drink when they felt that water would agree
with them. Tt was the same old Croton they
were used to down in the ¢ity and they dipped
it up in buckets through a@ manhole in the old

 

 

 

 

‘iu ‘
Lieut Wotherspoon, who took command
| of Company H after Capt. Lydecker met with
jan iceident, got line on the Bowery which |
rath at the old dam men’s Croton water
ecineh. Angelo Calzo, the sume who went on
Marcello Rotella’s bail bond at White Plains

to-day, is the blonted bondholder of the Bow-

      
 

ery. He has a meat market, a gic ery store,
a bar and the Westchester fotel Lieut
Wotherspoon made a descent on him and so
Impressed him by the purchase of two art

 

botdes of Chianti that Angelo threw in anot
for nek and, by way of expressing the adimira-
tion whieh the whole Italian colony really felt
for the railitary, threw in another quart bottle
as his own personal gift
Battalion Adjutant Townsend, Lieut. Joce-
Jivn and Battalion Surgeon Huddleston wei-
j}eomed Lieut Wotherspoon on return
from his descent on the Bowery and they found
the Lieutenant's tent the brightest spot in ail
the encampment. Private Harry  Wother-
spoon, brother of the Lieutenant, and the
Knickerbocker Athletic Cjub's champion water
polo player, hecame, by s eer virtue of natural
talent, the chief engineer of the dumps, en-
campment. He built a flight of steps from

 

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.

 

 

——

the camp down toward the river that won the
admiration of the regiment from Col Apple-
ton ajl the way down. ; :

Guarding the contractor's stables ut Croton
Landing was one of the details which fell to
four men of the regiment every night. Priv-
ate Southworth distinguished himself in this
field. He found a kopje in the shape of a hen
coop from whieh he got a good survey of the
entire seene, so far as it could be surveyed
in the flickering shadows of the electric light,
and brought a bulldog to @ dead halt at the
point of the bayonet the first night he was
on guard. ‘The dog turned out to be a weill-
meaning, good sort of a fellow and was a friend
of the guard afterward

About as dreary work as fell to the regiment
was the night sentry duty at various isolated
places on the wide range of territory covered,
and the men on guard at the same places in
the day time that had not the pléasontest task
in the world. Yet there is no doub that the
considerate good sense and good tymper of
the men of the Seventh when they had to meet
and head up and turn back the densely igno-
rant Italians with whom they had to come
in contact had a deal to do with the friendly
feeling the foreigners showed fer the — sol-
diers.

Now that Private A. D. Emory of Company
G is home he will get the sorely needed re-
pairs to the rear elevation of his trousers com-
pleted. On Monday he bad on a sort of Garden
of Eden totlet which was made out of a towel
and worn front side behind and conveyed the
impression all the time that he was walking
backward.

More Contributions to the Sergt. Douglass
Fond.

THE SUN received yesterday for the family of

Sergt. Douglass, who was shot at the new

Croton Dam: $1 from “Another Citizen’) %&%
from Theodore Obermeyer, $3 from 0. Herzog.

MINERS’ STRIKE DECLARED OFF?

Unton Men Secretly Advised to Make Their
Own Terms With Operators.

CUMBERLAND, Md, April 24.—It was reliably
stated here this evening that the officials of the
Untted Mine Workers had deolared off thestrike
in the Georges Creek region and that the
miners had been secretly advised to make their
own terms with the operators. Organizer Wil-
Mam Warner was telephoned to at tle head-

 

 

 

 

quarters of the union at Lonaconing and
asked to verify the report He replied
that the truth would be known when it
was seen what the miners did) To the
strikers {tn the  Meyersdale, Pa, region,
which {is included in this. district, has been

granted the 60 cents asked for and 1,500 men
will return to work inthe morning. The strike
in the Elke Garden, W Va, territory is about
over, a majority of the men having returned
to work

The operators here have been advised that
the strike in this region has reached a crisis,
but not oflcially.§ There are 6,000 miners idle,
and the supply of coal isso short that people
are sawing Wood right in the heart of the coal
tlelds,

 

WORKERS TO STRIKE.

 

ELECTRICAL

Fifteen Hundred to Stop Work To-day -They
Want Higher Wages.

About fifteen hundred union electrical
workers decided last night to strike for $ a
day, theeight-hour workday and a Saturday
half holiday. Theastrike will affect nearly all
the large buildings in course of Construction in
this city. It will also affect the new Vanderbilt
mansion at Vakdale, lL. 1, and many buildings
in Brooklyn :

The union gave the contractors until Monday
night to reply to their damand for the increase
On Monday night only ten out of seventy-two
had granted the demand and although the
change was not to go into effect until May 1, it
i ecided last night at a meeting in Wilzie’s
Hall, 985 Rast Fourth street, to order a general
strike thismorning. The leaders say they will
not ask the other building trades to stmke io
eyinpathy

There are about 1,800 members in the union,
which {8 known as Flectrical Workers No. 4
A number of electrical workers belonging to
Electrical Workers Union No. 12 will remain at
work. Strikes against theemploymentof memni-
bers of No. 12 are in progress in one or two
bu fidings.

 

CITY COUNCIL TAKES A HAND.
Committee Appointed to Settle the Tabor
Troubles in Chicago.

Curcaao, April 24... The City Council is at-
tempting to bring about a settlement of the
labor trouhjes. A committee composed of
three Republicans and three Democratic alder-
men has been app?rinted with almost unlimited
powers to bring the contractors and their
locked-out or striking journeymen together
The contractors still insist that the only basis
of settiement is the absolute surrender of the
unions 7

Every union plumber in Chicago was ordered
to quit work this morning. The order was
siven atthe meeting of the Plumbers’ Union
feat night. The reason was that the master
ylumbers who were fighting the unions, were
found to be sub-letting work to the master
plumbers employing union men

STAND BEGUN,

DEWEY GRAND
Boss Carpenters Are Working on
Saws and Hammers.

Cricaao, April 24.~-Work on the grand stand
from which Admiral Dewey will review the
parade on May 1 was begun this morning
About fifty boss carpenters and non-union
workmen are now pushing saws and driving
nails behind the high board fence that incloses
the skeleton of the Federal Building The
fence will not be removed until the grand stand
js completed and very probably not until just
before Admiral Dewey arrives. It will be al-
lowed to remain to prevent strikers from inter-
fering with or assaulting the non-union laborers
and to prevent them from {njuring the struc
ture after it is completed lt nion picmets
watched the progress of the work through
cracks and knot holes, but made no attempt to
interfere.

It With

Three Handred Shirtmakers Strike,

Three hundred shirtrnukers, most of whom
are girls, struck in twelve shops yesterday
against the enforcement of anew waxes scale
The strikers, whe work by the piece, say that
formerly they were able to earn 810 a week
Under the new scale of wages, they say, they
would earn only $4

MUSIC WITH THEIR SANDWICHES,
The Proprietors of Summer Resorts May Dis-
pense Beer and Melody on Sunday.

Magistrate Connorton in the Long Island
City police court gave a decision yesterday
which will permit the proprietors music
halis at the summer resorts to have music in
their places on Sunday Two proprietors of
orth Beach places were arrested last Sunday
for having music and singing. The attorney
for the defendants quoted the deaision of Cor-
poration Counsel Whalen, given at the time
Chief Devery raided the uptown hotels, that
tuusic could be served with the meals in hotels
without the proprietor having a concert hall
license. He contended that the proprietors
under arrest managed Raines law hotels, and
that they. were serving meals consisting of
drinks and sandwiches, They could, theretore,
have music, provided there were no dancing or
performers. Magistrate Connorton decided
that the attorney was correct and dismissed
the defendants

CLARA BARTON'S REGRET,

 

f
vl

She Was Deceived by the Chicago Ambulance
Corps That Joined the Boegs,
WASHINGTON, April 24- Miss Clara Barton,
President of the Red Cross Society, called on
the Secretary of State to-day and expressed

her regretat the action of the Chicago Ambu-
lance Corps in joining the Boer Ariny as soldiers
after having taken an oath to serve as neutrals
in the South African War. She said that she
presented a Red Cross fag to the organization
and had entire taithinthe tnaembers it was
through Miss Barton s influence that the party
secured permission from the Portuguese Gov-
ernment to eross the Delagoa Bay territory to
the Transvaal and this, she said, caused her
considerable embarrassment

 

Death of a Phenix Park Suspect.
WASTLINGTON, Apri!
in the Patent Office, He
ardent Fer Vharnis

Park In the uprising near Cork, Ire-
land, in 7, he was one of the first to take up
arms and was severely wounded in trout of Kil-
ek barrack For this offence he served
five years in proson) On being berated in is7)

John J. Coughlin, a

 

 

clerk died here to-day

Wits at anand one of the

   

 

 

he came tothts country, His conneetion with
the Phapnix Park iurders waa never fully
established

Vote Against Women Narses in Army Hospitals.

April 24 The Senate Com-
Affairs by a voteof6tos
dan adverse report on the bill
{nireduced by Chairman Hawley providing lor
the employment of women nurses ino military
hospitals of the Army,

WASHINGTON,
mittee on Military
to-day orders

 

To Terminate the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty,

WASHINGTON, April 24 Representative
Cooney of Missouri introduced to-day a joint
resolution to terminate the Clayton-Bulwer
Treaty,

 

| Society of Mosak

Sr Lovis, April24 Admira! Dewey will re-
ceive from the citizens of St Louison his visit |
on May 3%, a punch bowl costing $3,000" It was
pinde entirely by hand The exterior is beaten
silver and the interior is lined with gold = The
bowl is two thigh from base to rim About
its topisa ee ndof grapes in heavy relief
Six inches below this garland and extending
all around the bowl are 4 series of figures a
rese dy the trophies of war These include
sunken battleships, cannon and prisoners of

lwar.) The central decoration on one side of the
bowlisa figure of Bacchus Across the top the
bowl is twenty inches in circumference

CHAPERONES FREE OR NO GIRLS,
Dispute Which Threatens to Break Up the

New Haven High School Ball,

New HAVEN, April 24 - A special meeting of
the 100 girls who compose the senior class in
the New Haven High Sehool is to be called
at onee to protest against the rule that
they shall not have chaperones at the annual
promenade of the cliss unless the chaperones
pay a regular adn fee, The girls say they
will remain awa the dance if the chape-
ret are ruled out + been customary to
al tthe chaperones this vear the class
voted that chaperen were hot eded

|
|
|

MUST PAY FOR BOYCOTTING,

UNION KEPT NICOLA DELPAVERO
OUT OF WORK,

He Sues the laborers’ Union Protective
Society of Mosale Workers for $423.10
Damages and Gets It Justice Fitzsimons
and a Jury Dectde tn His Favor,

Nicola Delfavero, a mosaic worker who in-
curred the displeasure of the Laborers’ Union
Protective Society of Mosaic Workers, got a

verdtet for $423.10 damages vesterday in Part
Ill. of the City Court in a suit against the so-
elety und its walking delegate, Luciano
Basso «Tbe award was the full amount
asked for Delfuvero was a meme-
ber of the union until Oct 7,

1807, when he was expelled on the charge that
he had worked fora non-union employer. He
appealed to Building Constructors’ District As-
sembly 253, K of l., with which the union fs
affiliated The District Assembly decided that
he was unfairly expelled and ordered his rein-
statement The union refused to reinstate him
and appealed to District Assembly 253 which
again sustained Delfavero

The court of the District Assembly decided
that Delfavero had been expelled on hearsay
evidenceand that his expulsion was illegal.
Notwithstanding this, Delfavero says, the
union still refused to reinstate him and drove
him) away froma jobafter Job when he found
work, by threatening to order strikes unless he
was discharged. Finally he brought suit
against the unioninthe City Court through
Lawyers Alfred and Charles Steckler, for $202 10,
loss in wages, and $13), costs of the two appeals.

The case came up yesterday morning before
Chief Justice Fitzsimons of the City Court and
@ jury. ‘The witnesses examined were all
Italians Delfavero swore that he had no notice
of charges and no hearing before the union ex-
pelled him Heattended the meeting at which
he was expelled, but before the vote he was told
to get out or he would be thrown out of the
window

“LT hada family dependent on me,"’ he said,
“and could not afford to get intoa fight, so I
left quietly

Among the employers who were forced to
discharge him John B. Dossa, Borgia
Brothers, and Jacob Lehardt, all employing
workers Representatives of these
tirras corroborated Delfavero, It was testifled
that Delfavero was idle 127 days through the
threats of the union to order strikes.

The jury was only a few minutes in reaching
the decision, awarding the full amount of
dan.ages claimed. In stating the verdict the
foreman of the jury added

“and we are all American citizens.”

An application fora stay of proceedings was
made by the counsel for the defendants but
was refused) The Laborers’ Union Protective
Workers is composed of

were

mosaic

  

Italians

BERTHA MELLISH'S DISAPPEARANCE,

Father of the Girl Canses the Arrest of a Farm
Hand for Blackmail,

New Lonpox, Conn, April 24— Henry §
Robinson been arrested at Great Neck,
Waterford, near here, ona charge of attempt-
ackmailthe Rey, John H. Mellish of
Killingly, whose daughter Bertha disappeared
hiysteriously two years ago last Noveniberfrom
Mount Holvoke College. Mr. Mellish ts nearly
sOvearsold and lives with a daughter rhe
tnissing danghter, Bertha, wus about 20 years
the ehild of his old age No traceof her
could be found and offers of a reward or §300
al © hope thut experienced police
officers would attempt to tind her

Not long alter the ofermng of the reward Mr
Meliish received a letter from Robinson saying
that he believed he could put the parents on the
track of thet sing wirl, Noattention was paic
to that letter and soon afterward another letter
catmefrom Kobinson, Rotinsen was alaboreron
the dairy farm of Henry Hedden and he had
conceived the notion that a your f woman from
Ohio, who was visiting the Heddens, was the
missing daughter of Mr. Melish In his second
jetter he made this idea known and Mr. Mellish
Inade a journey to Heddens place, saw the
young woman and found that she was not his
daughter, and did not even reseinble her

has

ing to t

old

 

Were poster

 

 

 

    

 

 

 
 

         

letter had put in a claim for
in ease the girlat Hedden's
i From time ie after that
t Mellish, disreg @ warning
fron Mr. Hedden to cease causing annovar
‘ ws and Heddens Then |}
ey ya year until last b
ruary, Whetihe wrote 1 setting Up the cl

   

knew the idet tity of the y
woman who had visited Hedden’s, that Fhe
Miss Meltis i t Mr. Mellish and other

 

  
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
 
 

  

had re order to defraud
hi urd, The gir
lived since sin the s

part of this State, under several aliases, Ko
insen wrote, and Was at present div imine
pre life in New York. He gave s t the
njleged alias nd said that if the was

  

not paid bins there would be more talk ip the
newspapers about the case

  

Mr. Meilish, knowing that the girl who
had been at Hedden’s was not his daughter,
decided upon the receipt of this last letter to

 

Kobinson prosecuted for blackmail, and
the farm and wos arrested yesterday by
Sheriff P B Siblev of Windham eounty Rob
inson declared that he was wlod he was arrested
and thathe could produce the Mellish girl at
the proper tim ie was lockedup in default of
2,000 bailand held for the next term of the

 

   

Superior Court, beginning on May &
Roliunson is 41 years old Hecame from Long
Island, of which he is anative He Is {lliterate,

   

is besides Robinson wrote Mr Mel-

Many pers
his offer of the re-

lish after the publication of
ward for news of his lost daughter One alleged
ident ation of hereamefrom Florida Allof
the ms interested in the seareh for her be-
carne convinced finally that she had committed

sulel

   
 

 

 

 

PUNCH BOWL FOR DEWEY,

St. Louls People Will Give Him a Handsome
Souventr.

 

   

   

   

 

 

Strangers

interested in good clothing aresnvited to investl
gate the claims made for the Drokaw apparel
A cordial welcome awaits all visit-
ors to our store, We should like
you t. know of our clothing we
should like to know you,

STYLES ALL READY.

ee

Astor Place, Lafaveite Place

 

BATH = FIXTURES
ROOM and AUXILIARIES
MEYER-SNIFFEN CO,, Ltd., 5 East ith Se.

/

PILIPINOS HIT HARD BY GEN, YOUNG,
Their Lose tn Three Days, 338 Killed; Oars,
2 Killed and 4 Wounded,

WASHINGTON, April 24. Gen, Otis sent to the
War Department to-day a cable despatch briet-
ly explaining the situation in the Philippines
The fighting in northern |.uzon was very severe
during the past week For some time Gen
Young bas been maintaining a line of garrisons
to prevent the Junetion of the Filipinos under
Gen. Tino north of the mountains near Laog
andof the Filipinos south of the pass Gen
Tino has several times eluded traps set for hina
by the officers of the Third Cavalry under Gen,
Young and written reports show that plans
were being formed some time ago to force &
decisive fight. Gen, Otis'’s eablegram to-day
explains that in two days’ tighting with the
troops under Gen, Young from April 15 to 17
the loss of the Filipinos was 338 killed, while the
American loss during the satue period was only
2 killed and 4 wounded, ‘The despatch says

“Barly morning, April 7, several hundred
Tagulos and Vizayuns attacked battalion For-
tieth Infantry at Cagayan, north coast: Minda-
nao; our casualties, 2 killed, 11 wounded, en-
emy's loss, 64 Killed, 18 wounded and captured
iu city, besides other losses suffered on retreat

"Young reports from northwestern Luzon
several hundred natives influenced by Agui-
naldo's Bishop, Aglipa, attacked Lis troops at
several points, andin turn had been attacked
Their loss in attack on Batoco on April 17, 106
killed, and during the entire tghting, trom
April 15 to 17, 389 killed: our loss during period,
2 killed 4 wounded Young has plenty troops
and will have little further opposition

“Affairs at other. Luzon points improving;
local Presidents and inhabitants of towns siv-
ing information and rendering  sssistance
troops now taking possession of Interior sinall
islands."

|

 

 

THE WELLAND CANAL EXPLOSION.
No Evidence to Connect Boer Sympathizers or
Irteh Societies With It.

WasHINOTON, April 24. ‘Several reports have
been received at the State Department by
telegraph from Consular Agent Brush at Clif-
ton, Untario, opposite Niagara Falls, N. ¥., in
regard to the attempt to destroy a lock of the
Welland Canal by dynamite Mr. Brush said in
one of his earlier despatches that the affair was
supposed to be the work of strikers, but
he telegraphed to-day that. the strik-
ing grain handlers of Buffalo arrested on a
charge of complicity {n the affair, had been
exonerated He suid also that there was ho
evidence to connect any pro-Hoer symm pathizers
There is nothing on file atthe
State Department to show that) the De-
partment had been warned of a conspiracy
among Members of an Iri-h society or societies
to injure the canal. In view of Consular Agent
Brush's reports the Department puts no laith
in stories hat Irish societies were implicated

No complaint has been received by the State
Department trom the British Government in
regard to the attempt to destroy the lock. It
is intended by the paper aes to make a
thorough investigation of the affair with a view
of taking action against those concerned if they
reside in the | nited States

with the affair

TO PROTECT TREATY RIGHTS.

A Bill Permitting Foreigners to Sue for Dam-
ages in the Court of Claims,

WASHINGTON, April23. The House Commit-
tee on Foreign Affuira to-day ordereda favor-
able reportona bil permitth g citizens of other
countries to bring uit ‘nthe Court of Claims
for indemnity under their rights or the prinel-
ples of International law for injury to person
or property. It is provided that the sult must
be brought within two years after the infliction
of the injury; that the plaintiff must not have
restded continuously {nthe United States for

more than one year prior thereto, and that
equal rights and privileges shall be accorded
citizens of the United States in the foreign
State of which the plaintiff is a subject
Claims for indemnity for injuries under
treaty rights have heretofore been settled by
appropriation by Congress though
of amity and without any
of the liability of the United

direct
merely as on act
acknowledgment
States

NAVY'S NEED OF MORE OFFICERS.
Secretary Long Makes a Statement Showing
the Present Assignments.

Wasnrvotos, April 24—-In connection with
the lack of officers to commission the new ships

  
   

of the Navy, Secretary Long to-day sent
to the Senate a etatement showing that
| of the 892 officers comprising the line
ler the Navy 450 were oon sea duty,
| 886 were on shore duty, 30 were on leave or
waiting orders, 14 were on sick leave, 12 were
detatled to nautical schoolships ar d 3 were de-

tailedto special duty Another statement shows
that during the month of March 295 offlcers, tn
cluding constructors, &e, were on duty at
navy yards, naval stations and training sta-
tions and that in the saine period 64 vessels
were undergving repairs

THE RUSH OF

 

 

JAPANESE.

Treasury Agents to Investigate the Causes of
the New Immigration,

Wasurxaron, April 24 The Treasury De-
partment will #end a spec fal agent to the
Pacific coast to investigate the causes for the
rush of Japanese toth's country More than
3,000 Japanese were landed at Port Townsend
lust week and the Department has received
complaints from that point and nefghbe
cities onthe subject) The State Departmen
has been asked to direct Consuls in Japan to
Jook into the eauses of this rush, and it is be-
lieved that the Japanese Government will take
steps to prevent its subsects coming to America
uniess they have ineans for their waintenance
here.

   
 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHtNatTon, April 24— The cruiser Newark
artived at Yokohomato-day. She will probably
be assigned by Rear Admiral Remey asthe flag-
ship of Rear Admiral Kempff, second {n com-
mand of the Asiatic station. The cruiser York-
town arrived at Shanghai to-day on her way to
relieve the Wheeling and the Concord of the
duty of protecting American missionary inter-
ests near Taku The flaxsship Jowa left San
Francisco for Bremerton, Waah., yesterday
| ‘The practice ship Chesapeake left Hampton
Roads for Annapolis in tow of the tug Potomac
The training ship Buffalo left League Island for
Norfolk and the training ship Adams left Santa
Barbara for Monterey The gunnery practice
alifp Amphitrite will leave Port Royal, 8 .,
this week for Lambert's Point, near Norfolk,
where she is due to arrive on Apri! 30, and after
coaling there she will proceed to Tompkins-
ville, Staten Island

 

 

| :
|

 

WasuInoton, April 24—-The following army

orders were issued to-day;

Capt. Daniel &. McCarthy, Assistant Quartermas
ter, from New York to Fort Leavenworth, to assume
charge of the construction of publle buildings.

These assignments to regiments of offlcers re
cently promoted were announced

Capt. Isaac N. Lewis, Seventh Artillery, to the Sixth
Artillery, Battery BE

Lic F Bottoms, Siath Artillery, to the

Hattery F
McCue,

rut, Sam

Seventh Artillery r
First Lieut. William K

the Ninth Infantry
[hese transfers were announced

P. Droultlard, from the First Io

First

First Infantry, to

First Lieut. Ja
fautry tothe Nov ‘
Pirst Lieut Willlum kK
fantry to the First Infantry Con

 
  

 

tr
Mev ue, from the Nioth In

pany t

er cornise of the
3 ( hesapeake
d Orders were
officers of

 
  
  

 

issued to-day assuring

Academy to the practice vessel

        

 

    

Arrangements for the sum
naval cadets on the practt
and Newport are nearly cor

lo the Newport-Lieutenant Commander de W
Cott Neer, Lieut W. RM. Pleld
navigator i R. Stone, F !
ampbel ‘ w, in chatye of engineering
department, and Asststant Surgeon nw Ohne

{ the Chesapeake — 1} tenantComn }
Caliban, Commander. Lieutenant-Coma M,
Stoney, Executive OfMeer;, tient, Ti. ist ell, na
jgator, Lients Wd Terhune, A. HL. Seales, M. 1
Miler, (. Ko Marvel, ‘T) BP Magruder and c. J
Long, Chaplain HL. H, Clark, Passed Asststant Sur
geon MR. Plot and ¢ hief Boatswain ( FP. Pleree

yssed Assistant Payoiaster H. I, Robins and
Lieut J KO Robison have been ordered to the
Mare Island Plospital for treatinent
}

 

 

Lincoln's Birthday for a National Holiday,
Wasminoton, April 24--A joint
introduced by Senator Lodge to-day sets apart

Feb 12 In each on

to celebrate in-

resolution

year as a national holiday

whiel the birth of Avraham

Washington Notes,

Apri 24. Frank Wo Hackett
office as Assistant Secretury of

WASHINGTON
took the oathof
the Navy to-day

Mi Mary Thornton Davis of Worcester,
Mass, has been selected to name the torpedo
boat Thornton, whieh. will be launched ar the

vards of the William R
mond, Va,on May 15. Miss Davis is a wrande
niece of Capt. James S— ‘Thornton, who was
| Executive officer of the Kearsarge in her vic-
| tory over the Confederate cruiser Alabama off

Cherbourg, France, and for whom the Thorn-
! ton was named,

Trige Company, Rich-

the |

 

GUNS FOR NEW WARSHIPS.

 

BATTERIES FORTHE PEN

CLASS AGAIN DISC

NSYLVANIA
SSED,

 

 

Each Battleship Likely to Have Four 12-Inch
and Eight S-Inch Hifles in Turrets Hesides

a Broadside of Twelve Sixes Senti-
ment Against the Proposed J-lnch Guns,
WASHINGTON, April? The question of the
character and the arrangement of the main
batteries of the projected battleships Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey and Georgia came up again
to-day at a meeting of the Board on Coustruc-
tion,

this time on @ suggestion made by

Rear Admiral O'Neil, Chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance and chairman of the board,
that # battery arrangement similar to that

of the lowa.ia turret guns, should be agreed to
When the board by a vote of 8 to 2 reiected the
superimposed turret for the three ships of the
Pennsylvania class, an alternative proposition
to arrange the guns insix ordinary turrets hold-
ing four 12-inch guns and eight 8«, in addi-
tion to the broadside of twelve 68, was
placed before the board and agreed to by a vote
of4to 1. Later it was proposed by Admiral
O'Neil that 7-ineh guns be substituted for
Ss, these guns to be placed behind shields
instead of in turrets

No action Was taken by the board and when
the matter was brought up at to-day s meeting
the proposition to adhere to the battery em-
bracing twelve guns in six turrets, namely four
\2sand eight ss wassubmitted While no vote
Was tuken, it was evident that three of
the four members of the board present were
better satisfied with this arrangement than that
embracing 7 and noturreta except for the
l2-inch guns, and the formal vote taken ata
oe ineeting will probably — stand
tear Admiral Bradtord, one of the four mem-
bers ul the meeting, adheres to his desire to
have superimposed turrets. Capt Sigsbee, the
Junior member of the board, who voted against
the adoption of the superimposed turret and
for the battery arrangement of four 128
and eight ss, was absent The arrangement
that appears to be final provides for two 12s

in a turret forward, two 125 in a turret aft,
four turrets, two on each beam, each holding
two Ss, and broadsides of twelve és The
secondary buttery is remarkably heavy

The board discussed in a tentative way the
battery arrangement forthe armored cruisers
California, Georgia and West Virginia, which
are to bealmost as formidable as battleships
and muoh faster Admiral O'Neil suggested
four rifles
and 7-inch rifles
on the deck, and ten 6-
inch rifles in’ sponsons, with — 14-pounders
as the biggest guna in the secondary battery
There was some objection to the adoption of so
many typea of guns, and particnlarly to the
T-inch type, on the ground thatit involved
keeping several classes of ammunition inthe
magazines and the installation of several dis-
tinct sets of ammunition hoists
taken by the board

|

S-inch in

turrets forward
aft,

four behind shields

upper

No action was

 

WAR REVENUE TAXES,

Details of the Sources From Which Recelpts of
$182,405,202 Came.

WASHINGTON, April 24- Secretary of the
Treasury Gage sent to the Senate to-day by re-
Quest a detailed statement of the receipts under
the War Revenue act. The statement shows
total receipts of $182,405, 202 from June 13, 1898,
to March 31 last
tail

Cigars sakitiant 5
Cigarettes +e one 2
1
7

Following is the table in de-

Snuff
Tobaceo, chewing and smoking
Dealers In leat tobacco

Dealers {n manufactured tobacco
Manufacturers of tobacco ‘
Mauufacturers of cigars
Miscellaneous collections

reiating to to
baceo *° ‘
Fermented liquors ° 56,956,681
Additional collections on fermented Hquors

stored in warehouse... °

Mixed flour
Bankers ‘capital pot exceedin
Bankers ‘capital exceeding
pach additional
$24,000
Billiard rooms
stocks, bonds, &o ‘
commerciais ten @enee
‘Custom House).
pawn)

$25,000
25,000, for
$1,000 In excess of

 

 

6066 165
583.443
550,386
277.016

11,962
71,766
90,626

° bso cabs 28,920

provided for. 148,759

s, museums and concert balis .... 07,720

° seergere «2,896,306

. 66,781,777

-, 6,603,681

+ 1,462 547

 

Hrokers
lirokers
Hrokers
Hrokers

   

Howling alleys 63
Clreuses -
exhibitions not otherwise
Theat
Lege
Schedule A
Schedule B Se ertirT 7
Excise tax on gross receipts...

 

 

te wereeee

 

 

Total ‘ ; $13,405,292

Ina letter accompanying the statement Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue Wilson says:

“L would be glad to furnish @ more detailed
statement showing the amount received from
each source under the head ot Schedule A, but
{tis impossible to do so with any degree of ac-
curacy It would be useless to atterpt to in-
dicate the specific documentary taxes paid by
the 500,000,000 one-cent stamps used, and practi-
cally Linpossible in view of the fact that besides
the four specitte purposes for which the one-
cent documentary stamp is provided by law,
s'arups of that denomination may be used on
documents requiring a higher tax, the question
being merely whether there ts suffictent space
on the document for affixing stamps of the
smaller denominations. The same diffoulty
would be encountered in an effort to trace the
particular documentary taxes paid by the 500,-
000,000 two-cent stamps used forthe payment
of taxes under Schedule A.”

CASUALTIES IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Report of Deaths Among Soldiers Sent by
Gen, Otts.

WASHINGTON, April 24—Gen. Otis has cabled
to the War Department from Manila the fol-
lowing death report:

Malarial Fever--April 16, Charles V. Stiles,
Company H, Forty-fourth Infantry; April 15,
James F. Littleton, Troop I, Fourth Cavalry;
April 19, Harry E. Nash, Company D, Nineteenth

nfantry

Accidental April 7, Harry H. Schultz, Com-
vany H. Forty-fourth Infantry, dived on rock;
Mareh 24, John $. Dibble, Company M, Nineteenth
Intantry, killed by comrade x

Futeritis April @, Thomas Gillespie, Com-
pany G Fighteenth Infantry

Typhoid Fever April 15, Frank J. Valdez
Corporal Company K, Eighteenth Infantry; April
14. Dock RK
fifth Infantry

Septiownda April 7, Charles Tdghtell, Com-
pany ©, Nineteenth Infantry

Dysentery April 7, Llewellyn H. Conversee,
Corporal, Company EF, Sixth Infantry, March 10,
James P. O'Shea, Company G, Sixth Infantry;
John Bruner, Company H, Fourth
Infantry. April 15, Heury Weibner, cook, Forty-
second Infantry: April 16, Charles Brown,
Company M, Twenty-sixth Infantry, April 2,
Southerland, Company M, Sixth

Isenbarger, Company B, Thirty-

April 14,

Garland B
Infantry

Variola April 15, Arthur Gwinn, First Ser-
weant, Kichard Harber, Company PD, Thirty
second Infantry

Pneumonia--April 10, James J. Curran, Troop
I, Fourth Cavalry,

Died From Wounds Received tn Action

April

9, Benjamin Fk. Wech, Fortieth

Infantry

Company

THE AGRICULTURAL BILTL,

A Proposed Examination of the Suggested
Appalachian Park Site,

Wasninoton, April 24 The annual Agri-
cultural Appropriation bill for the coming fiscal
year has been reported to the Senate from the
Agriculture As passed by the
earried a total of $9,036,800, to
tnittee added $22,320 net The
item of @v0,000 Tor purchasing and distributing
valuable seeds was reduced to @50,0u0 and that
for publientions of the Department Was reduced
committee increased the appro-
HoOL00 to
eum be
eonditions
in mountain region
and the adjacent
oostablish the Ap-

Co riuittee on
He

whieh

» the bil

  

the eon

 

by 820,000
priant nfortorest investigations fror
voted that
nvestizate
inthe s Apralser
of western North ¢ l
States where it ts pre
palachian N

Vn apprope ¢
the Seeretary of Agri
‘ Ipneter of Cher
chare applied to

    

a5,u00 of tt

the forest

 

nded to

itherr

expe

 

 

al Par

£85,000 je added to enable
ulture to investigate the
ind why
Amerteat

thor

hemica sical fests

wh food products

   

in forengn ec +, and to inspect before ship-
}oment wh d American food products
intende En COUNET PS

 

 

—

Dining Chair we
OxR

“Hester Prynne’—A pure

ndale cesign of sim-
ple classical stoutly
made of mahogany, broad
eat of rush or leather,

The Side Chairs $12.00 |
The Arm Chairs $16.50 i

30th

Cr

4 rer
lines,

Joth Stores filled with | ]

Furniture and Antiques. \

chmitt Brothers,

Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave.
40 East 23d St.

|
| Two
| Stores. \

Two
Stores.

ee

Special Sale

of
Turkish
Carpets,

as follows :

No, Size Price,
1 9426.6 $33.50
2 12.0x8.5 63.50
3 12,0x9.2 63.50
‘4 12.1x8.3 65.00
5 11.9x8.10 64.50
6 12.10K8.6 67.08
7 12.729.0 69.50
8 12.0x9.7 60.50
9 12,2x9.7 61s

Ww 13,1%9.3 64.00

ll 18,1x9.8 66.50

12 IBAK1O4 71.00

13 13. 9x95 71.50

4 13.2x10.2 12.90
15 13.7X10-2 72.58
16 14. 159.8 15.00 Z
14.5x9.11 75.50
18 13.8x10.6 76.50
wv 13.11K10.5 76.50

» 13.4x11.6 81.50

2 14.10310.6 86.08

2 14.9%10.0 8.58
23 154x113 91.08

Together with 50
Rare Antique
Afghanistan Carpets,

$55.00

each,
worth $70.00 to $100.00,

Lord Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

Once a year your

CARPETS |

should be thoroughly

CLEANSED

otherwise the dust arising from
them will affect the lungs and en-
danger the health of the houses
hold.

T.M. STEWART,

326 7th Ave. Wear 28th

Rota dliohed 1602. Telephone 1132 38th St
END FOR ULAB.

 

Wanted —a case of bad bealth that R4-PA-N-S

not benefit, One gives relief, No matter whats tae
matter, one will do you good. A oure it
directions ate followed. They banish pala,

sleep, prolong life. Sold at all drug store: tr
five cents. "fe sure to get the genudne, “pon't
fooled by subsUtutes. Tem samples and thpe
testimonials will be mailed to anf address tor oon
forwarded tothe Hipans Chem. Co., 10 Spruce, N. Y.

PORTO RICAN RESOLUTION PASSED,

It Permite Army Officers to Hold Civil Places
and Curbs Corporations,

WaAsHinoToNn, April 24.--The House passed
to-day the Foraker joint resolution to enable
army officers to hold civi! places in Porto Rico
until Aug. 1 without losing their commissions,
To it the Committee on Insular Affaire had
added two sections regulating the granting of
franchises in Porto Rico. Mr. Hill (Rep., Conn.)

made a point of order against these amend-
meta butafiera discussion of three-quarters
of an hour a reading of the record showed that
the point had been made too late to be effective.
The joint resolution as amended was passed
with Mr Hill's single negative vote

The resolution provides, first, that a of-
fleers may continue to hold civil places in Porto
Rico without losing their commissions un
their sucoessors are appointed or until Aug. 1;
second, that all franchises, privilewes or oene
cessions in Porto Rico must be approved by the
President, and third, that additional res
tions shall be placed op corporationain th \-
and # R Williams (Dem, Il.) explain
fast provision by easing that information
come to the Committee on Insular Affairs t
corporations were already being organized to
gointo Parto Rico and buy the mortgages on
all the lands tu the island thar they could ge-
cure. The committee wantedto do something
to restrict the operations of these corporatiens
before there should comea scandal (nthe island,

The Post Offee Appropmoaton bill was the:

takenup Anamendment offered by Mr Low
was agreed to, making 48 hours the maxim
eriod which letter carriers shall work

week of six days On Sundays and none
they must, in addition, perform: whatever r
the necessities of the service demand e
paregrapn abpropriating $1,750,000 for ex’ -
mental free delivery gave ree to conside a
criticiam of the Post Offfce Department for @l-
lewed favoritisin inthe matter of establishing
rontes [twas finally passed Then the Boube
adjourned

Porto Rican Shipping Regulations.

Wasminoton, April 24 The Treasury De-
partment to-day issued two cireuiars under the
new Porto Rican Government act which wil
take effecton May 1 One exempte from ton-
nage dues vessels entering the United States
from Porto Rico and entering Vorto Rico frem
the United States This trade is now confined
by military resulation to American vessels e
second clreniar provides tor the registry as
vessels of the United States of vessels owned by
theinhabltants of Porto Rico at the date of the
fatifieation of the treaty The Porto Rican
merchant fleet consists of twenty-two vessels,
of which only two ate stenmers The largest of

 

 

these, the Vasco, is of oniv Lv gross tons’ bure
den. The others areallof less than 100 gross
tons’ burden

SULTAN YTETDS A LITTLE.

Grants Permission Co Kgbnild the Americas
College at Tlarpoot.
WASHINGTON, Apfil 24 Hay ree
ceived this morning a telegram from Lloyd,
Charge d' Affaires of the United States

pecretay

Griscom,

at Constantinople, reporting that the Sultaa
had acceded to the earnest demands of the
United States for permission to rebuild
the American ¢ exe at Tlarpoot, Armenia,

 

destroved in the troubles of five years ago. The
Porte, Mr said, had issued on trade
granting {tothe American I Foreign

Missions, which has its raat Boston
iho destroyed

Oriseom
vmird of

headquart

the privilege of reconstructing
buildings
fhe State Departtoent regards this action of

the Sultan as a result of wef! which the
been making

       

 

 

 

United States have sobtauin re-
dress for the Armentan outrag bor the hast
eighteen months the Deparn has been
pressing the Sultan to cane to the
rebuilding of the ec eo but he ons heretofore
shown no Giepositic do contending that
the shient of thre ettuton might ree
anit urbances against \ecerteans and
other foreignera, The expe rebuilding
will be borne by the Poreiaen M Board
secretary Hay and Mr ¢ ire in Sone
stant communicnion over the indemnity
question It was ud j ' the State
Department that this Gaovernr has no ine

tention of letting the matter drag It was ex-
plained also that the report from (onstantinople
that the Sultan had promised to pay the United
States when he had satistied the pecu ry
claims of European nations was not true. No
such condition had been attached to the Sul-
tan's assurance of willingness to indemnify tee
United States, it was said

rar nn nme ————

ong ne eee