OO LE

IN THE BASEBALL WORLD,

NEWAYORKS WIN WHILE THE BROOK-
LYNS LOSE,

Hostons, Minus the Services of Tenney
and Duffy, Beaten by a Run on the Polo
irounds Quakers Keep the Lead, While St,
Louts Has a Clear Hold on Second Place,

The

Jie Brooklyn and New York clubs are on
even terms again, 48 far as the League race ts
conrerned, the Champions having dropped a

game at Philadelphia: while Ewing's men were
Bosatons on the Polo Ground

 

defeating the

They are bunehed in the middle of the deck
with a percentage 0 ww Philadely!
aif] hasaciear title to firs’ henors, while Bo

7 in last plaee The wietory of St
Louis over Chicago puts the club next to the
Quikers ‘The Pittaburgs jumped over the
heads of the Brooklyns by defeating Cincinnati
agin Should yesterday's winners be defeated

ip to-day § games another shake-upin the per-
centage tables would take place The results:
New York, 4. Boston, %
Pitiadelphia, 4) Brooklyn, 0.
St Louls, 4; Chieago. |
Pittsburg, 5; Cincinnati, 3.
THE RECORD

 

ler Per

Pods Wan. Lost. Cent Cluds. Won. Lost. ¢ ent
Phiaceip'a. 21 s New York s 8 hg
& tants a ! 750 Cineinnath 2 3 ain
Pattsourg 3 2 HOO Chicago 1 4 250
Brook! ya 2 2 DOO) Boston i 4 200

NEW YORK, 4, BOSTON, 3
Tie BKostons were outhucked by the New

Yorks (i) Uierr first game of the year atthe Polo
a unds vesterduy, and as @ result Ewing's
goer got away with first money by a score of 4
0 Phe former champions acted Like a ship
withouta rudder all through the game, and it
~a@asy to see that the absence of

  

wa Capt. Hugh
l sud First Baseman Tenney is sorely felt
Doty is laid up with a sore shoulder, while Ten-
nev hasstomach trouble While Freeman, who
tiled the tle captain's shoes, rapped out a

 

ipleol Mtngles and took cure ol evervthing
ame his way, he has not the winning !all-
player qualities of the other. As for Barry, his
vo arrots figured in every run the New Yorks
‘do Hesturted offin the first inning by
wathrown ball from Long's hands, aud
rips Were scored before the side was out
no the seventh he allowed Van Haltren’s
grounder to skip through his legs, and Gleasou
scored on the misplay

Loth pitchars were very effective Nichols al-
lowed bul five safe hits, struck out four batters
andwaye no bases on balls. He hitonegian witha
pitched ball, butit cost nothing — He had great
speed and perfect control, and the game he
pitched would win nineteen outof twenty But
the men behind him were lifeless and their
errors were cosy Carrick gave another tine
exhibition of hia skill While the Bostons got i
nine safe hits, the first six of thern were wasted
@s they could not get A man across the plate
In the two tnnings in which they esored runs
only two hits were made = Carrick's baae on
balla to Stahl in the sixth was expensive, as a
two bagwer, a sacrifice and an error followed,
allowing the Bostons two runs

Coiling made a couple of great catches of foul
flies and contributed a doutae whioh sent Stabl
across the plate. Mercer was again in bad form,
but bis poor work was offset by that of Long,
who contributed two damaging errors to the
Bustos column.

The kicks against the umpire’s decision were
confined to a few growls by Catcher Grady tow-
ard the last of the game. Connolly {s of a caliber
that allows no back talk from ball players and
his base decisions were accepted by both sides
without question. An insufferable nuisance
was, however, allowed to roam up and down
the right fleld bloachers at will, to the annoy-
ance of many of the spectators

Although Hamilton bewan the gamewith a
crashing two-bagger past third base and was
advanoed aj on Barry's sacrifiue he could
not ecore and the Bostons were blanked in the
firet inning The New Yorks had better luck
After Van Haltren had gone out on a grounder
to ng, Mercer reached first when Harry
muffed Long's throw of his grounder, He stole
econd, aided by # passed ball andscored on

 

  

 

vong’s. wild throw of Hieckman’s sharp

grounder. The latter took secondon Davis's
clean liner to left. oie Sryck out but Sel-
bach came to the reece * lanting 4 fiy ball
safely Long'shead. This scored Hickman
and put Da on third The latter soored
when Selbach stole second

t was almost one-two-three order for both
ai it the sixth, Then Stahi went to first
on alls and sprinted around to the plate
when Collins lined out a two-bagger to right
fleid. Freeman gtruock out, but Lowe's sacrifice
fpoundet put Collins on thfrd and he scored on

rke’s hit to Mercer which the latter threw
wild to Doyle, In the seventh the Bostons tied
the goore, Hamilton led off with a liner to
centre. Barry sacrificed him to second Doyle
any a lifeto Long by muffing athrown bal!

he base runners promptly executed a double
staal, Stahl senta fly to

iekman and Harnull-
ton scored on the out. aI

Collins ended the fun by
eepding axrounder to Doyle

The New Yorka took the lead and won the
game in their half of the same inning Longs
wild throw of Gleason's grounder after making
a pretty stop, gave the ‘Kid’ allfe He scam-
pere around to third on Carrick's well placed
single to right fleld and scored when Barry at-
lowed Van Haltren’s grounder to go through
his } There was no more scoring and onl v
one safe hit--a seratch affair by Lowe in the
gg inaing—ee: ug the rest of the game

 

he soure;
BOSTON, | NBW YORK.

Rw. PO.A. E, R. B. PO. A.B.
Hamiltoo.ef.i 2 1 0 OV'nH'Wn.f0 0 2 0 09
Barry, 1b...0 211 0 2 Mercer, Sb 1 00 4 2
Long, es....0 0 8 4 2Hickman.rf 1 0 3 0 0
Stak rf....1 0 10 0 DAVIS. 9 +3 1.3 2:0
Collins, 3b...1 2 § 1 0 Doyle 1b,..0 210 1 3
Preeman, it.0 2 O © Selbach, If...9 1 5 0 0
Lowe, 2b....0 1 0 0 OGleason, 2b.1 0 0 4 0
Clarke,c....0 1 6 1 OGrady, c. 0 0 38 1 0
"Nichols, p 0 0 0 56 9 Carrick, p .. 0 1110
Totals... 3 92411 4 Totals. 4 52719 8
“Tenney batted for Nichols {n the ninth inning.
Boston... ‘ 07000 2 1 0 Omy
New Yor ‘ §$966661 6 ..«4
First base on errors—New York, 3; Boston, 2.

First base on balls—Off Carrick, 2. Struck out— By
Casticé, 3; by Nichols, 4. Two-base hits—Doyle,
Hamilton, Stab Sacrifice hits—Jarry, Stahl, Lowe
Stolen bases— Van Haltren, Mercer, Doyle, Selbach,
Hamilton Long. Double play—Gleason, Davis and
Doyle. Hit by pitched ball—Gleason. Passed bali—
Clarue Left on bases~New York, 5: Hoswn, 8,
;mpire~Connolly, Time—2 hours and & minutes,
Mtendance--8,000,
PHILADELPHIA, 3; BROOKLYN, 0

PHILADELPHIA, April 24. The meek-eyed
Quakers played rings around the Brooklyn
Champions in the first clash of the season this
aitersoon. Despite the closeness of the score,
there was nota minute when the locals did not
hold the visitorasafe) Donohue, the boy with
the auburn hair, had everything belonging toa
bitcher's repertory, He had} enty of speed
and all the curves, and above al he had control
The Brooklynites could not break his combi-
on, andin the full nine innings they were
ble to put together but four hits, three
angles and a double, and only one’ man
MeGuire walked to first) To cement things,
le men behind Donohue played a great
felding game, an almost pardonable fumble by
Lajole being the only misplay charwed against
‘hem. For five innings the Champions were
eepivin the game themselves. Kennedy was
extremely effective, and hissupport was strictly
eiitedged But the break came in the sixth
when with two hands ont, Pliek dropped a
double against the right field wall The bull
was returned to DeMontreville, who made a
Wild throw to third to head off the fleeing Flick
The latter never stopped in his mad career, but

 

  

   

   

 

  

 

 

!

|

kept straveht on for home, re he shonid
ave been redred, but MeGuire very eon
dropped Kennedy's throw The |

came deserved) y by their other

  

n the efehth
to rentre. a;
hanty [aie

Slagie led off with a single
d was sacrificed to second by Dela
la edtocentre liek then clinched
matters by sending in Single and seoring bhim-
4 trenendous drive over the right fleld
ae " twiee during the game did the
Be upions getmen as firas third The game
8 ounded in sharp flelding plays, playa which
: ndno place in the tabulated score Lajoiv
mad@a pair of cleverstops and Dahlen cut. off
everal aspiring baw hits Attendance 5,822
The amra ae

 

  

PINLADELPHIA HROOKLYN

  

   

 

 

 

 

    

i t KR. HW. POA. K.ILPO A, F
mas.ef 0 8 ) 0 Sheela 20
Bag ; ’ 4 ¢ ’ Shee tard, Inn ' a a
get P ( tin O 1
F ! ' ot 8 ¢
Ws ( oboe
ih ‘ 02460
aty ( 08 2 }
+ alr ( 042!

a on 4 0
1 Total 042415 5
Philadelphia onnnv one 4
Brookly a ,on0o00 +8 ’
‘ F mse On errots—Phitadelphia, 2; brooklyn,
4 bases: Phiadelphia Krooklyn, 6 First
ze alls % Kennedy, 2 YY Ponohue,
struck out ennedy. 3, by Denohue, | Home
4 M ebase hit-—Fliek Two base hit
tts -Delehanty, Myers, [om
vim hourand oF minute
r BURG § ! INNATI :
ATI. A Although the Cineinnatis
. t yo ow cay they lost the second
Shi. fr owrie he Reds’ hits were scattered
ant tors tiade their hits count The beds’
the } ted the visitors Before the game
tran it bresented John A. McPhee, the retired vet
| aie wcong weman, witha fined 10nd studded
wet attendance was about 2, The seore
NATI PreTsbUnRG
Barrens -¢ By PO. a8 RL BVO. ALP.
y : - 2 2 1 0 Beaumo'tef.0 1 2 0 0
ef 13 1 OClarke. If 00200
1 4 0 © Williams,dbt 1 1 3 9
159 30 1 OWngner, ef 1 1 2 00
so) 0 § § 1O'Brien, 1b.1 O10 0 0
11 2 8 ORitehey, 2b.0 25 4 1
O12 2 2 Ely, s6 00020
~! © O & 1 Zimmer, e 10440
Ime) 2 1 0 Tannchill,p.1 2 1 38 0
Folals 3192717 4 Totais 5 72935 !
abate 0100220 0 -5
. Rnatt 10003701 0 0-3
enn hits-Ritehey (2), Wagner. Three-base
céley, Williams, Stolemy bases—Steinfelds,

| Day
| he to arrange games wit!

 

l

 

  

 

——

feldt Double plays ir and Steinfeldt; William.
Ritehey and O'Brien; Warrett, Irwin and Bia dt:
Ky. Hiteney and O'Brien ~By Tanne
bil, 4 reitenstein, 3; off
r ,, LIM by pitched ball--By Breitenstein, |
Passed ball Zimmer, Left on bases Cinetanati, 5:
Pittsburg, 3. First base on errors—Cineinnatl, 1:
A onda 4. Umptre-O'Day Time--2 hours and 1
ininute,

Struck
} F.rst base on balls -Off Rroiten,
sonebill, 2

ST. LOUIS, 4; CHICAGO, |

Sit
Chlcage team into camp today by a
The visitors found) diMeutty in
curves, getting bul Ave bits. Childs took part in two
pretty Htouble plays and tried his pretttest to defeat
is old partners, Mertea scored the only run for ihe
Visitors on A drive toleft eo hot that Burkett eould
hot Held it, seoring on) Everett's drive to seeond.
Taylor pitched @ sirong game, McCormick made
‘wo Dad errors, one in the first and the other in the
ecopd inning, while a wild throw) by Vaylor is

ansible forone of St Lous'srans ‘fhe score

ST. LOTIS CHICAGO
KR WPO AS RW Po
ete ot 2 0 0 8 Ryan it 8 dO
Hetdrlek, ef 0 2 2 1 OChids, 2h 0
Donovan, mt 1 0 OMe. ef 1 2
Keister, 2b.1 1 0 | MecCothy tooo
MeGann tbl O18 ( Bvertt Ibo of
Wallace, ss 0 2 2 1 Me'niek Abd 0
Crow, 30. 9 2 1 OCHIinan, set Oo
OConnore.0 0 8 OChaver,¢ 0 0
Young,p 0 © 2 UO Taylor p 0 1
Totals 4 82723 1 Totals 1 52414
St. Louts 310000070 =
Chieage 00010000

‘Two base hits-Ryan, Childs, Mertes
on balls Off Taylor, 1.

core of dtot

AK
>.
60
yo
0
yy

”

!

2-2

feBre

ee
cone
shu

te

1
5
a
Oo-— 1
eet First hase
ouble plags—Clingman,
Childs and Eyeretes2) Stolen bases Mertes, Kets:

ter Hit by pitehed ball- MeGano. Umpire—Hurst.
Time 1} hour and 55 minutes, Attendance, 2 700,

American League.

  

At Chirago- Chicago, 6; Minveapolis, 2
At Kansas City - Kansas Cliy, 2 waukee, §
At Indianapolts-Ind!anapolls, 4; Buffalo, 3.

At Detroit--Detroit, 4; Cleveland, 2

Other Games.

WILLIAMS, 7; WESLEYAN, 5

MIDDLETOWN, April 24.-- Williams College w day
wor the first af the Games for the pennant in the
triangular baseball league by defeating Wesleyan
University on ber own @rounds. By tunely hitting
inthe ninth Wflilams changed defeat into victory
Wesleyan'’s play at times was very erratic Bent,
who suceveded Plunket in the box for Willlams, in
the fifth inning, was clearly the better of the two

twirlers. The seore
WPSLEYAN WILLIAMS.

R. H. PO. A.B. R.B.PO.AE
Anderson,ss0 1 2 1 1 Russell, 2b-1 2 6 38 0
Terrell Sb 201 =1 «8 ORMsley, tbh 1 07021
Havey, 1b. 1 2 9 0 1 Lydeaker,3b0 0 0 0 0
Tierrell, If 0 0 2 1 O Burrell, cf 6 800 6
Wilder.rf © 1 3 O 1 Heffern'r.es2 0 6 2 1
M'Nau't'n2bl 0 1 2 2Seaver,if f2 0 0 0 0
Garman,ef..0 0 3 U0 OMakep’ce f0 » 2 1 °0
punta. » | : © 1 ORanger ¢ 108 40
nélis,#...0 3 6 1 OPlunketepito 1 12 0

f --—--- — — Bent, p 090100
Totala. 8 727 95 -——-— - =
; Totals . 7 32712 2
Wesleyan ooo 20110001 0— 5
Wiittams 02000001 4—7

Swlen bases—
Double play~Plunkett,

Two-base tite-Lufkin, Anderson
Williams, 4, Wesleyan. 6.
Russell, Risley. First base on balla—Om Lufkin, 5:
off Plunkett, 4. off Bent. 2, @truck out—By Lufkin,
i by Plunkett, 2) by Bent. 2, Wild pitches—Luf
in, 1;

] ent. 1. Hit by pitched ball McNaughten.
Umplre—Gaffney Time-2 hours and 40 minutes.
AT PRINCETON.
AAR
Mercersbur! 07100 1-8 7 8
Princeton Freshmen 10123 1 0-5 7 6
Hatterie;~Perking and Irwin; Tafel, Ameli and
Thatcher
AT NEWARK
RAE.
Newark 1000001060 0-2 785
Syracuse 322120080 0 ..—10128

Batterles—Milles, MeLaugtin and Bemis; McGuin-
ness and Ourtis; Pfanmiller, Altrock, Brandt and

Beyers.
AT JASPER FIELD
R A. E
Manhattan Reserves.12 2 1 0 4 2 .—21 18 8
N.Y. High School 0 00000 0-0 28
Batteries— Roach and Kilroy; Lyneb, Spector and

Arnold.

At Schenectady —Untversity of Vermont, 18: Unfon
College, 12

AT CHARLOTTBSVILLA,

R. HE,
Virginia coven 6 41°01 0 8 d-10186 5
Pennsyivanta 1700017 0 t¢ 3 7
Batteries—Car and Nalle; Devlin, Gerbardt,

Leary and Flavell.

Baseball Games To-day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION

Boston at New York: Breoklyn at Philadelphia;
Pittsburg at Cincinnatl, Chicago at St. Louts.

OTHER GAMES.

Georgetown vs University of Pennsylvania. at
Gsoresiows : H

srooklyn_ Boys’ High School vs. Commercial Hi
School, at Prospect Park. —

Tyros vs. Oakland Jrs, at Fordham

Betts’ Academy ¥s. College of the City of New York,
at Stamford

Lawrenceville School vs. Mercersburg Academy, at
Lawrenceville

Prasmus Hall High School vs Brooklyn Latin
School, at Brooklyn

Princeton vs. Lehigh, at Princeton

Man batian College va. Villanova, at Jasper Pieid

Brown Williams, at Providence

Pingry School vs
at Flizabeth
Tufts va. Boston College, at Tufts

East Orange High School vs
Freshmen, at East Orange.

Yale vs. Amherst, at New Haven

Columbia vs. Holy Cross, at Worcester

Fordham +4. Lafayette, at Fordham

Cornell va. Spracuse University, at Ithaca
MT eae Academy va St. Paul's School, at Adelphi

¢

  
  

Princeton Preparatory School,

  

Stevens Institute

 

Baseball Notes.

G. W. Snowden— No.

James MeCarthy —No.

Polhemus— Yes, in 1600,

Thomas J. Carrington —Two bases.

Harry Curtis—1. The ball itself.
bases as he can take

E. C. M.-1. It rests with the umpire's Judgment
2 Nopenalty. 3. For the player warned

The Elms of West New York will mee} all teams
with players from 18 w 20 years. Address A. Gal-
lagher, 475 Eleventh avenue

The Manhattan Cuban Giants have reorganised
for the season with avery strong tear *nd are booking
games with all teams giving A sulave guarantee.
Address Gus Turner, 58 Hill street, Grauge, N. J

The West End A. ©. bas neat Sunday, April 20,
open owing to cancellation of game with Empires of
East New York, the pollee having tnterfered and
stopped Sunday games, Address R. Kavanagh, 112
West 102d street

The Corona High School A. C. Baseball Club bas
organized for the season and would iike to book games
for Saturdays with players averaging 16 to 18 years.
All dates in May, June, July and August are open
for games) Address D. Ro Nafls, manager, box
0A, Corona, New York

The Monarch Baseball Club of Ozone Park, L. |
have reorganized for the coming season, and would
ike to book games with teams averaging with play
ers from }7 to 18 years away from home on Sundays
and holidays Will play for any reasonable amount
Address fi Kempton, Qrone Park, 1. 1, Box
24

The Mutuals would like to hear from all outof
town first-class (eames offering a suitable guarantee
for Sundays and holidays. Perth Amboys, lovers
Carteret, Hoonton, Little Fails F. C., Jamalea an
the Sunday team of the Seaside A. C. of Staten Isiand
referred, Address secretary, 2) Eldert street, Brock
yn.

CAMBRIDGE, April 24.~The Harvard baseball
management announced to-night that the second
Dartmouth game, scheduled for Cambridge, Apri! 24,

2, As many

M

 

 

 

has been cancelled and & game wiih Hrown ar
ranged tn its do The Dartmouth game will be
playedat Ha er May 3. The first Dartmouth
game will he played on Fiiday, April 27, as jer

schedule

The All Collegiate baseball team, composed of the
best college playersof the universities of Cuba, wil
leave Havaoa the fast of June for a visit w this
country. The Ali Collegiate won'd Ihe to play Wed
pesday, Saturday and Sunday games in this sleimisy
only between July 1) and Aug. All clubs that e.
book this team for ®amese leate at once with
Li. B. Lamm, Jr, 766 Past 175th eet

the Third \ietors of Sacred Heart Academy would

 

 

 

 

like w arrange Laseball games with all teams with
players from 13 to id pear Their line-up is as fol
rae J. Dunleavy, ¢.; J. Paterson, p.. M. O'brhen,
ib; W. Riveite, 2b: G. Ward, #6; Ao Deechinoor,
Sb.. J. Brady, |. f Smith, «© ~ and eantain
Sealea,r ff Address Martin BE. O'Brien, West Chester,
N.Y

The Lockport Dasebail Club bas May 12, ip and
20, both forenoon and afternoon, open, and also a few
Sunday dates In May, and would Ike to elo
same with strong out-of town teama within 2h
of New York offering a sultable guarantee

   

ford, Danbury, Skeilys and West New York
Club er any otier team of the same strencs
ferrer Address Charters Althot ast T
Atreet

The Crescent Baseball Assos nt ecoreti

{ other dates opet

' I
e Pennaylye

and a number ¢

   
 

 

    
  

 

 
    

 

ter Athietlos, Po KORY MCA, myove

boro, Derby, Nlagara University, Ne } adel pt
Hoaborough, Narberths of West ladelphia, and
all other Srstelass clubs thatcam ofer a liberal yuar
anwe Address G HO Hempeler, secretary ‘ ant
IBSth sireet

The Passaic Athletu Club of Passat, %
been organized for the present season and are b oking
rare all first class teams offering a gi ‘
5 ely new grounds will have been coms
July 4 and in the meantime the « be followin
Saturdays open for outofiows way 12 and
2n, June 2, i6, 23 and & Address \. FL Johnson
Moncoe street, Pasaate, \.

The Oavia lors, deaf mutes uhoike '
arrange witht imeutcosms wit reaver lig
16 years Fapenses ore not auted. ite
would like to hear from the hi e Caibolle
tector, third team of the Sacred Teart Acaret

ond ‘
Mors, Far

 

St. Hartholumew
h ward, West End

   

bo bh of West Ches er
waevas of the Ni

  
 

 

 

  
 

lem fors and Seaside A.C. and Catbolle ochals
and clubs Open dates on Mat 24, and
June 2, 9, 16 Address Stmon Donovan, manager
St. Joseph's Institute, West Chester, N.Y
bight sears ago the baseball season opened

Fort Smith, Ark, with @ game between Fort Seth
and Wwrees, LT Pink” Hawley pltehea for '
Soita and MeGinnliy for Krebs. baw struck |
out twenty-one balomen aod did not allow a base bit
There were even scatiered fits mace off Metitn

nity, yet Krebs won the game by a score of | to

The came was lost, because Fort Smith's cacter,
Whi, could not held Hawley's swift pttebing, Liste
did those two pitchers or any one else think that ‘he
same Inen woulda open the season in Brooklyn in
1900 as opposing twirlers, but fortune plays queer

pranks with alk

O'Brien, publ play Barrett. Sacrifice hit—Stein ]

THE SUN, W

   

JOCKEY O'LEARY KILLED,

 

 

| SPORT AT AQUEDUCT MAKKED By |

Louts., April 24—Tebeau’s Terrors took the |

loeating Young's |

ee
re ..

 

 

AN UNFORTUNATE ACCIDENT,

The Day Also Urimful of Disaster for Favor.
ites Green B. Morris Takes the Canarsie
Stakes With Kenilworth Sir Christopher
Proves a Surprise in the Handicap

Ideal spring weather ushered in the ei@hih
divof the Queens County Jockey Club meer.
ingat Aqneduet vesterday atternoon, and over

9,000 visitors sinned themselves on the big

Whaleback pron enode when they were not busy

in the ring or satiating the appetites developed

by the crisp Jamaica Bay breezes. Even for
those whose investments went wrong, life in

sneha bracing atmosphere seemed worth liv-

ing, and the port went alone merrtiy
until the fifth race Then comedy ave
was to tragedy and the volees of

the gossiping thousands were hushed by one of
the saddest fatalities witnessed on @ race
course. A field of ten three-year-olds lined up
at the six-furiong pole for what promised to be
one of the keenest contests of the day The
Keene filly Pink Domino carried a little for-
tune, Dry Dollar Sullivan's colt Hesper came
nextin demand, while most of the other money
invested wason( harlie Dwyer's colt’ Picardy
Heaper won the race by a head from Picardy,
who beat the 15-to-1 shot Kamara by three
lengths, but few outside the oflcials noted the
order of finish.

The eyes of the majority were focussed on a
few ominous groups standing motionless be-
tween the starting point of the race and the
first furlong pole on the back stretch. An ae-
cident had happened, and that it was of an un-
usually serious character became evident when
an ambulance rushed across the fleld. The firs:
arrivals found Jockey © Leary unconscious and
in such a desperate plight that he was at onea
removed to St. Mary's Hospital in Brooklyn
Other casualties were in evidence and the econ-
densed story of those who were watching
through Held glasses, or directly on the spot,
is as follows,

O'Leary rode Kandy, a chestnut colt owned
by William Laimbeer A Lo Ashe's chestnut
gelding Pettifogger had young Hewltt of
Meadow Brook in the saddle, and the Morris
Brothers’ new Western jockey, McoJoynt, held
the reins on J. P. MoCne’s bay colt GE Wight-
man. The last named stumbled soon after
flag fal!, for some reason yet to be explained
It was probably due to a jostie or cross, as
there was Considerable crowding at this point,
all the boys being anxious to strike the
shortest path to the firat turn Wightman
went down as if shot, but MeJoynt had pree-
ence 4 mind enongh to craw) under the inside
rail vetilfogger turned a complete somerset
over the prostrate horse in front and sent Hlew-
{tt apinning; but the hardest tate of all awnlted
(Leary, whose Reynt plunged into the centre
of the tangle and left him fairly buried iu the
struggling heap

cuers were quickly on hand, but the task
was a difficult one. Twoof the horses lay where
they fell Hewitt escaped with aright scalp
wound, MoJoynt was found to have broken a
toe, sprained an ankle and his back, but it was
at once seen that Leary needed the most
urgent attention. The front of his head was
crushed into pulp, probably by a kick fron one
of the struggling thoroughbreds, and the first
doctor to reach him said there was only a slight
hance of his reaching Wie hospital alive he
lastly diagnosis was correct, unfortunately, ae
O'Leary reached 8t. Mary's at 6.10 o'clock und
died, without recovering conscionsaness, ten
minutes eter Dr Shields did allin his power
for him, but he was beyond assistance

Jockey Frank O Leary was one of the last

surviving links between the old ard new school |

of riders As the young crop asserted itself
O'Leary responded with such marked elect
that his riding during the past two
eclipsed anything he had ever done before
There was asiiaht prejudice against him on ao
count of alleged slowness at the barrier in
eprint races, but when 4 horse had to go a

route and needed = nursing and fine
handling, it was generally conceded that
O'Leary had few peers He rode chiefly

| for the atables trained by W P_Bureh and was

the favorite jockey of the Aitcheock Bros
His sensational finishes on Decanter and other
horses that had to be rated along with patience
and judgment will long be remembered among
turfmen
son, ashe began wellat Washingtonand was
showing steady Improvemeut at Aqueduet
O'Leary was about 24 vears of age, unmarried,
and the chiefsupport of hisimmediate relutives

The principal racing feature was the ( anar-
sie, astake with $800 added, for two-vear-olds
at fouranda half turlongs Those who «tndied
the entries over night could pick nothing to
beat the entries of R W Walden & Sons, the
Morris brothers and the Keenes. But paddock
information entireiy changed the cemplexion
of affairs The
shund, a well-named colt by Dandie Dinmont,
and made no secret of the fact that their other
candidate, Blies, by Sir Dixon Bonnie Hlue, had
been tried well enough to run his field into the
ground
to secure the services of Turner, and the price
against the colt was promptly cut from 4tolto
2toi Fake opened at tours und was played
down halt a point, while Kenilworth and the
Keene pair were well supported at 4to i. Bull-
man secured the best of a fair start with Kenil-
worth and making all the running won outina
drive by half a length Fake, Dutin der and
Blues came next in order, short heads apart
‘The Keene horses were off badiy and Gutlander
ran about the best race of the lot) Blues alo
had astormy tripand will probably recon pense
his followers under more favorable conditions
The time was the fastest of the meeting

The handicap which preceded the stake event
filled much better than that of the preceeding
day, although Meehanus, Gaze, Pink Dor
and Lamp Globe declined the issue Don
three-vear-old son Unmasked, carrying

 

  

|
the

ino ,
, | trotting-bred horses his croup is carried out

 

years |

This promised to be his banner sea- |

Fleischmanns withdrew Dnch- |

| Cloud might be valuable as a stock horse.

One pound over was declared in order |

white and bine spots of the Keenes, miled a pro- |

nounced favorite among the eight leftin, but
he was lostin the seramble to the first tin,
and when Spencer got him in clear sailing it
wastoo late. Star¢hime, played from 15 to 1
toB tol, Was quickest off the mark, but the 10

tol shot, Sir Christopher, outran her in the
first sixteenth and, holding bis ground to the
end, won by a neck Eltin Conig,with Maher wp,
ran somewhat siuggiehly for five turlonges, but

then came fast and beat the favorite by a head

   

   

  
 

 

 

 

More than one race, $400 added, of which 87° to
Second and 830 ww third; allowances: six furlor g«
T. D. Sullvans b. ¢. Hesper, by His Highness

Alhada, 106 (O'Connor 1
C.P. Dwyer's b oc. Pieardy, 110 (Maher) 2
J.P. Martin's br f. Kamora, 107 (Muliman) 3

Kandy Neponset, Vettfowmer Veaceful Ross

Clark, G. BH Wightman and Pink Domino alse rat
lime, 11434
three ts) against Leaper, bto0)
1Sto) Kamara, 12 to | Randy, 30 to 1 Neponset,
190 to 1 Pettifogger, I tol Meaaetul 40 to) Hoss
hark Otol G&G FO Withtinan, even money Piri
Joming

Vetting Piesrdy,

iNTM BRACI

Por three year olds and upward
Which $70 to second and 830 to third
allowances, about seven furlongs
S..D. Bruce’. boe Hoyal Sterling,

erling ~lteve Rowe|, 0S i(Mitehell) pereste 1
C.F. Dwyer's bre Trumpet, 8.110 Maher) 2
J. MeLaughiin'’s bre. First Whip, 3, #8 O'Connon 3

Hroidone also ran,

‘Time, 1:26 2-4,

Hetting Sevento 2 o@atnst Koyal Sterling, 5 to2

Trumpet, 3 to 1 First Wuip, 260) Goldoue

The programme for to-day follows
Pirst Race- Selling: about seven furlongs

$400 added, of
special welwhts;

by Lord East

 

  

 

  

Oliver Me 2114 The Jefferson 109
The Gardner 113 | Protus 108
Zations 112), Lindula 106
Oortalis 111 | Sparrow Wing 106
Duteh Comedian ....111 Emigre ‘ 106
Hulnelander 110 | Ragged Sailor + 106
Sweet Capora) Me Hessie Taylor... 04
Laudeman 110) Winepress 104
Tnapartial 109) Sensational 1038
Second Race=For two year-olds; selling
Orderer......... 115 | Graylette 107
BUUAR occ scccreres 118) Servant 107
Vouch ’ 110) Hanswourst » 104
Light Hall.. see TO) Yorkshire Boy .......104
Lambkin 10 | Remsen os 20
Strategist .. 107 | Eeyptlan Prince ol
Third Kaoe—For three year old fillies; selling; six
furlongs
Laureatea 107 | Candia oA
Elsie Skip... 195 | The Laurel ‘ a8
Suniol 108) Eileen Daly us
Basilisk. o....e: 108 Lottle Sheville 16
Fourth Race Handicap; about seven furlongs
Charentus 12 Elfin Conig 105
Warrenton sees 110) “Goldone 100
King Harleyeorn, 110 | *Siiver Garter + DOO
Kinntkinie . 198) Olea os
Boney Boy.. 118) Dangerous Maid . Os
Benneville 106 | Impartial SS
*Cireen Ko Morris's entry.
Fifth Race—For two-year old Milles; selling: four
aida half furlongs
Ashes eee 1) Della Cee 108
Gracious... 1 Lady Padden .. 108
The Jade. 105 Zenaide . on
Connie 105) = Queen Quality 101
Dum Dum 195) Novelty 96
Sixth Race-For three-year-olds; one mile and
7) wards:
*Goldone ood King Bramble... ait
Shoreham.. «111 | Royal Sterling... 196
All Gold 111 | Carbuncle wr cee
Lamp Globe.. 111 Pau Puk Keewls. . vv
* Silver (Garter 111
* Green BK. Morris*’s entry

Metropolitan Stakes for King's Mes-
senger.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

Loxpon, April 24 The race for the Great
Metropolitan Stakes of 1,000 sovereigis, about
two miles and a quarter, was run at the Epsom
epring meeting to-day It was won by Lord
Penrhyn's King’s Messenger Mr J Bb
Meobonald's Rensselaer was second and Mr. c,
A Brown's Roughside third Fifteen horses
ran. The betting wae & (o 1 against King’s
Messenger, 18 te S against Rensselaer and 100 to
Tagainst Roughside

Great

Turf Notes,

LEXINGTON, April 24,--The famous old Kentucky
Association racetrack is again open and horses are
being trained on tt today. The Association falld
and the track bad been closed for more than @ year.

THE SALE OF RED CLOUD.

 

 

Thomas W. Lawson's 0,000 Park Horse
Bought in the Rough for $4560.

The sale of William I. Flkins'’s noted park
horse Ked Cloud, to Thomas W. Lawson for
$10,000, caused much talk among horse fanciers
yesterday Though the paid was” the
highest ever pald for a high-stepper forshow
purposes and pleasure driving, such judges as
FM. Ware, Lee Strauss and |.. M. Newgnss
expressed the opinion that the aplendid bay
stallion was worth all he cost the Boston sports-
man

‘You can't estimate the value of a horse like
Red Cloud any more than you can fix a price on
the masterplece of some great painter,"’ re-
marked a well-known borseman. ‘Pither one
is worth all the money a rich man has to pay for
ft. But tt shows whata strong hold the horse
shows have on wealthy people when a man will
give 910.000 for a high-stepper just for
tun of owning a champion. That ts the price of
a high-class racehorse or trotter oapable of win -
ning thousands of dollarsin races, yet there is

no opportunity for a show horse to win any-
thing worth talking about from a mere money
point view Ol

 

of
but it
is generally understood that Mr. Lawson bought
hitn solely for exhibition purposes. He will
probably show him forthe first time at Phila-
deiphia next month, and later in the season at
Newport, Providence, Boston, Brockton and
the Garden '

Red (ioud won his first blue ribbon at the
National Horse Show last November THe
Sus said of him on that occasion: “One of the
horses that caught the eyes of all experts was a
bia blood bay stallion driven to a Stanhope wie

 

 

by Aurel Batonyi He had the fire and spirit of
n dozen commonplace steppers, yet his man-
ners were fine and he seemed to go without

pulling a pound on thabit His contour was
almost perfection for this type of horse Every
line was grace and symmetry Le arched his
breedy but masculine neck proudly, as only
stallions can, putting on more style than a hen-
tucky Coon ata cake walk Uniike so many
high and full, with tail well set and hande
somely carried--what there is of it
Hits action is very high both = § fore
and aft, and he folded bis knees and flexed his
hocks in that easy, effortless way which dis-
tinguishes the really hi zheclane park horse. He
wot the nibbon of bine after a brilliant parade
lasting nearly anhour. The winner was Red
Cloud, owned by William L. Elkins of Philadel-
phia. He was exhibited for the first time last
spring at the Philadelphia Horse Show. whera
he was beaten by Johnny Bratron’s noted horse

  

 

 

for second money Sampson. This was his only appearance until
The first event on the ecard, a dash for two- | Sesterdays It is the consensus of opinion
year-olds, reanited in an unexpected vietory for , atuong the eritics that the big fellow will he
one of the outsiders, Himself The Honvercolt | bard to beat for the championship of the
came ontoft the bunel like a rocket and won | slow
ensily by a length and a half, while Mudder Hie was more than hard to beat, for he won
after forcing the pace most of the way, lasted | the championship at the Garden, defeating the
long enough to beat the odds-on favorite, | best horses, and carried off the Waldorf-Astoria
Vouch, by a neek The veteran eamipa ener) cup for the best gig horse ino the show, Mr
Bannock, showed a fla-h of his old form in the Elkins himself driving the stallion in this eom-
second race and landed a niece stake at & tA 5 for petition It has been said that Red Clond was
his new owner, Cahii and Anderson Spencer | Judge Whitehead’s weil-known trotting
rated him along wier!o in front and holding the The King, 22%, sonof George Wilkes,
favorite, Rare Port ” sat all stages, won. 2 and that his dam was by Indian Chief, but
by alengthanda jalf inbo was entered thisisnottrue As stated in THE SUN at the
to be sold for $00 and the veteran locke foln  @imeot the last National Horse Show, the $10,-
Tabor, bid him up to atu betore letting him wo ) O00 stallions by King, a son of Harncon thie,
backto the barn Boy Sterling thptoed his the sire of many fast trotters A Kentucky
three rivals in the elosing event ofthe day, and | horseman who has known Ked Cloud since he
backers turned homeward with sorrow/sul faces, Was fouled said vesterday to a reporter of THp

every favoriie lia i been bowled over for the
first time since theimetropolitan season opened
Summary

FIRST RACE

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Selling. for two ye js t thave not wou at this
meeting: $49) added which $79 to second 1 $40
to third, fous Mook eg
1. ¥. Bell's eh, ¢ masel! Horr Fe teitle,

11 Meanes 1
Bi. Cohe rob f Mudder, 100 (O'Conner 2
kK. W. Waa > ' \ ! Me ti 4

Wow howiee dt
Know also rat

T me

Betting Fifteen t eainet il ‘4 1 Mud
der, 4 s\ uch, 12 & \ \ tol [Alita
Hoffman, 1 ty Vnhee, 7to 1 Shawnee, 20 to 1 f

| Know
POONT) RACH
Setting three yearold rd pwar S40
! ol whieh $75 ty {$ and § taird
mile and 7) yards
7 ¢ h k. 6, by Tureo
ruaoud A ! Perfur ! ?
y 2
ive Hels u
g i > Rare
tr I ti '
Harriet t
' iH
wey
" eo ‘
t! 1 8

1 ‘ " ae bed

‘ , I
! ‘ 1

' . hil ' 5 h '

i A ' ' ea

Lads ‘ Stor
al

' t
} ‘ t ady Lind
aw 4 Cary
a“ et . ¢
st hea
' two Zu eae?
hs “ fwheh S180) seeor
s pounds below tt
tihowee fi ad four
ne
ce. Kenilworth, by Sir Modred
isin 1
Vake, 112 iN yn 2
' eng nder..ou M.Dalg: 3
‘ ‘ env a {ent Tall
a whe
‘ ;

u gainst he vin. 7192 Faice
¢ to P coutlander sod The toe ,eoupled as the
} eentrs ‘ ps, ety Aneed »o0w Ih
Senrry, 20 to} Glenwood, 26 to 1 Light Ball, 10 tot

nee

‘The Golden Priver

FIFTH Rac!
Sciling; for thice- year-olds which have not won

sd Cloud was bred by John B Wilson, near
hure, Why Wilson ovwne his sire, a
ye chestuut horse ealled King, thar
could trot in about 240 Kine wasby Harrison

  

 

Cinef, a sonot Clark Chief, and bis dam was by
George Wales td pacino horse Yellow Jacket,
the eof Phomasd, Youne, 210 Red Cloud

ot his name trom the sire ofthis Gan That
f rss Ww entied Red Cloud dws bv Noah

   

Pills Indian ¢ hief, the sire « he reat show

  

 

 

 

      

 

 

EDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.

the

course a stallion like Ked |

‘on the novice

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEY,

RENEWALS OF MEMBERSHIP IN L,
1. W. REPORTED 10 RE LIVELY,

The Position the Bloycle Has Achieved Among
the Exports of the Country Consuls of
the State Division to Meet Swapping a
Poor Wheel for a Good One~ Gossip,
How much it is owing to the fact of the or-
ganization having dropped racing it is hard
lo say, but the renewal season of the L. A
W. is particularly lively this season On ac-
countof the former custom of Lhaving all mem-
berships expire at one time, instead of having
them, as is now the case, run one year from
date, there was a big slump in the member-
ship on March 3). Members have sixty days
in which to renew. A report obtained yester-
day from Seeretary-Treasurer Bull, of the
New York State Division, was to the effect
that not In three years have the renewals ever
been made 80 promptly and in such large pro-
portion, “Itis known that a few have decided
to drop out because of the League's change
of front on the racing question,” said Mr. Bull,
“but they are more than compensated for
by those who have renewed who would not
have done so had we ding to racing. I think
the members are taking the matter more and
more in the right way, that of sticking to-
gether to help pay the natural expenses
of an organization that done almost
everything for cyclists and is doing all the
time. In the last few days we have had re-
newals from members who have been out for
three years, and several have come in for three
years to come.”

hus

“Few people understand the important
position the bieyde has achieved among the
exports of this country,” said Seeretary ©,
W. Dickerson, of the American Bievele Com-
pany, “I do not believe people appreciate,
even approximately what a wrest industry
the exporting of bicycles has become. Bicy-
cle interests in this country have made such
tremendous strides in the development of
foreign bustnes® as to reach in the amount
of money involved a higher figure than any
other similar product. There is hardly a
country in the world where the American bt-
evele is not known, And where it is known
it is favorably known. In spite of the few
attempts to diacredit it, it has succeasfully
given combat to the products of all other coun-
tries, and demonstrated its superiority. Here

are some figures which show from Govern-
ment reports that the United States bieyele
manufactories annually export more of their
product in value than any other imanulac-
tured article of a similar nature

Bicycles, 618,651,852:
S12.54,0148 paper, 68,827,727
@utte percha Goods, 65,864,658
cars, $8.641,508, clocks and watebes, $5,407,471;
freight and passenger cars, $2.720,5 musieal in
struments, $2,660,554 Wlass and glassware, $2,-
419,271.

“There ia every reason why we should. We
are making better bicyeles now than ever be-
fore, and seuing them as cheaply aa it ls possible
todo. The 190 model is the finest that has ever
been put forth, and the popularity of the chain-
leas is bound to incraase trade, both at home
and abroad.”

agricultural implements,
Indiana rubber and
carriages and street

 

While “won in a walk” serves to characterize
@n easy victory on the horse track, and “won
sitting up” is the corresponding expression for
the ever track, a new phrase for @ mocking
triumph on the road has been evolved from a
comical competition that was heid a few days

ago on the Shore Drive near the Crescent A. (
in Brookiyn, The new expression is °won
coasting.” Itisa custom with the stewards and

 

other employees of the Crescent Club to get up
on dul days. short, impromptu contests bet ween
themselves on the fine macadam driveway that
akirts the shore in front of the clubhouse, One
day, not lons ago, two of the reguiar empiovees
whom !t wil do to cali Pete and Jack, because
those names win not serve to identify them
e:g@iwed for a short brush. Jack, who is by no
Mieahs ab expert, was the chauenger, As for
Pete. he aceepted in a spirit of bravado, a-
though he was not sure that he couid balance a
bicycle long enough for it to travel 100 feet

 

The arrangement was made to race up one
side and down the other side of the big hill
that ends at Ninety-second street. Pete, on
aceount of being a novice, received a handicap
of about $00 feet. They got away all right at
the signai, and although Pete wabbled about
in a wonderful way he mapaged to make the
the top of the hill with about half of his handicap
still to the good. He started down the slupe
and then the fup began. He could not hold his
whee] with the pedals and by the time that
Jack showed himeelf over the top of the hill
Peve wae travelling like a sure-enough racing
man, but he did not look happy As the wheel
wathered headway Pete's cistress increased
and very soon he lost his pedals. He tnade
several futile attempts to regain them, but
sneceeded ony in having them “bite” his iegs
By this time he was ‘seared siuy,” as the fevows
oft
inughter, put it, and after that he iet his jega
at one moment drawn up under him

next straightened out before him.
Meanwhite Jack could not gain appreciabiy
lle seomed afraid to pedai any
down the hint than his antagonist was
coasting. Pete's whee: made wonderful dives
occasionally, but he sped oon without a fall
untii the tinish dine had been crossed and the
whee: began to sincken its speed on the next
up-siope. Then he tumbied off. after having
won the race in a coast, with his feet off the
pedals

 

liaster

 

A cau has been iseued by the executive of
the New York State Division of the L. A. W
for a meeting of consuis to be heid on Satur-
day night in Parior A of the Grand Union Hote)
The meeting is for the purpose of erecting officers
of the new Local Consulate and of discussing
pians of procedure

A rather ingenious way of swapping @ poor
wheel for a good one was detected by an at-
tendant at a place ou the Bowlevard where
thousands of wheels are checked on Sundays
It was a scheme that ordinarily would be suc-
cessful, but it happened that the man whose
wheel it was attempted to steal was a regular
customer who Upped the boy = Ih eonsequence
the latter knew the inan and lis wheel, When
the cheek was presented and the correspond-
ing one was found on the good customer's
new wheel, the boy knew that something was
wrong He said there was a mistake. The
young man with the check insisted upen hay-
ing the whee! bearing the number hat oor-
responded with the one on the check he held
The rack man refused and there was a secene
The voung man with the check went inside
the hotel, presumably to see the proprietor
Half an hour later he present) d the same check
and this time the corresponding tag was found
nupon another wheel and a much poorer one

  
 

SS SS SS NS A NS

the racing pair, who were howling with ;

| others in green cloth; rubber tires ; pertect

| pulling up na i
Dr fi 1 Kane pitted his two speedy litle bieyele obtainable. We carry them in stock,
aswe a»

The young man Was brazen and notin theleast |

rufied when he rode off with his own wheel
How the cheeks were changed the boy at the
racks is at a loss to understand, unless the man
who attempted the profitable exchange had
an accomplice
soTrs

The Coney Island Boutevard and the cycle paths at
thelr lower end where they conneet with the concourse
atthel eh are in misers ble shape The driveway
mikes the connection adiMeuit one for horsemen and
a dangerous one for evelist

Flatbush avenue from Washi: gion avenue to Fort
hHiarnilto nne isin poor shane, bein’ full of deep
| holes on both sides of the street 8 mas the sea

re Lady de darnett, 228) Old Red Cloud wa
ewned by John Bo Wilson the breeder of |
Mr Lawson's horse Wiison sold oun |
Red Cloud to Moersh Fleming of Frankfort
when a oeolt, and Fleming sold) him to
Kiarry Stroud of Minerva, Kr, who kept
hin in the stud there ut a fee of $10 or $15
Stroud took hin around to the fairs and
worn severnt prizes with bit as a helt-narnoss
roadster fhehorse hada lone tab ther 1
heow mply a eountry stud horse hey
never heard of suet thine: i} gz
park hor down there aronge the in
Macon er t Stroud *

emert tw or >

as W West Philadel) '
\f Blk pald Mitebel "
le horse, as he abt )
jrunm, th r wnoot Merk 1
Ned t loud and dos '
heatv-harness husines

Shake-ap Among the Harvard Oarasmen,

 

 

 

 

CaMnnipok, Aprilas There wasquite an up.
heaval ne the men wt ire t per
4 the Weld and Newell boat elubs for the
Varsity er V he sroded ort this after-
' Couch Sto it the News is heen

ra tofind a combination tosnit hin and to
this ends is been making ehances almost
Dev The most important event «as the re.
ti It tSheaf, who rowed cevenon the 'Va

crew last wear be Biddle. who rowed seven
on the ‘os Var rd on three noing i
erew He has been) nown as the most hoished
‘ woe nen yaa shia nd he

he tue hely Varsity rowing i the wea-
denn npediment, whieh has kept tir rom
rowing for the past vear, is finally removed

Shoat went tosis, sending |awrence to five,
wheeh sent Meconnell up to three, pute
Henderson outof the boat Hlarding came in
at two, senaing Ballord to the second crew
Goodell was retaised at bow, bigvinson at

troke acd Witz ald tour The seeond
bow, Blake rigced Swain, who wentto thresr
putting cut Peyton Bullard came in at two
ousting CUE

h 1% un, ard Henderson replaced
tyiletoriat ¢ hy

the om-4-‘Gdition to the Weald crews was

Wadler duht, last vears coxawain in the
fret boat) &d Morell, the stroke of the Weld
1000 crer

» the second Lo repiace Lveke.

é

» bas opened and there Is more nigbt riding some

of the holes will be extremely dangerous

WITH THE TROTTERS.

Nathan Straus'’s Crack Sperdway Flyer Alves
Disabled for the Season

The Speedway was in fine condition vesterday

 

  

afternoon and a large number of road riders
took advantage of the perfect: weather to air
their trotters and pacers bwels 212, David
B. 20o',, King Hod 217, and sever other top.
notch trotters pat in an appearanes tthe
iled to get together and enliven the sport
Nathan Straus is disposed to bedecidediy eare
ful of Cobweb Phe tig son of Whips has not
notstaried ina brish this season. [le is too big
ond fatto carry hisclip, but his owner is gradie
aliv wetting tim adow fo the pout where he
will be rendy 1 wre strides with Poceudle
200%, 14 Mine 200%, Caryle Carne 2113, and
wich olf wm Ds ‘ ' -
and Kingwood Mr Straussen " ott
roadatp stiffweitte three tines costerds
and the erties thought her ed about os fet
and as well as ver vis 2 (im te young
horse that Mr. Straus | wotof Fire Conn
sioner John J) Scannel st vear, o8 met with
amishap whie) nos keep him on retirement
until next fall The Mlerton geldi ¢ developed
&@ quarter crack last fer, and the truck
the atling joer in bes ore uuinst Belle Gat
Janke sood afew weeks aio, cutting and bruis
ing itseverely Querist, 242% 0 Cuprum, 212%,
ardithe offer horse wr oStrovs s stable
hardly take the place o vive everveda
arivi goon Speedwa ( he el
known roadite Ss ortol aver Jue’ not
David B displayed arare turn of peed yon.
verday ina brush with the Boeto. horse larry

King, 2.25%, and another. » W tori a brought
the big gaited chestnut troiter down ihe west

speedy unknown stepper, starting away behind :

Bad tuat barel: closing the wat | it Sabi Prices from $80 to $25.

be just under the bie bridge itth Bare ‘

ee. Ld eae eit On ‘ Columbia Headquarters,
rive, measured strides whe

came across and succeeded in beating moot of

her ives f Capt : Ho MeDor id Srivine 12 WARREN ST,

Frank |}. Traey’s big chestnut mare Ecla, ~ : . 2

219,, by King Clay, hooked ino with tingh BICYCLES and SUNDRIES
| Riley's fast, game old trotter, Commodore UNRESERVED AUCTION SALE.

     

 

o>

 

Rorses, Carringes, &e.

 

   

Horses,

ee nnn

Carriages, &e.

~~ ——

—,

      
   
    
   
        
   
   
   
    
        
   
    
   
    
       
      
     
  
  
      
     
   
   
    
     
  
    
       
    
    
  
   
  
 
     

 

44 we mare

D-
“THE STAMP OF EXCELLENCE,"

     

ite ane fe |.

HAN Sesiwe “ur

   

Trace wARh

Hano-sew™

<

VERY LIGHT SPEEDING HARNESS
requires first-class materials and
skilled workmanship to make it safe.
We use nothing else,

OUR BROUCHAM HARNESS

Is made in our own workshop in
England, and up-to-date in every
respect,

A call will convince you that we have the finest and most complete cole
lection of HARNESS and HORSE GOODS, leather TRAVELING GOODS,
and NOVELTIES, ever brought together.

MARK W. CROSS & CO.,

BOSTON, 253 BROADWAY, N. ¥. LONDON,

20 Summer St, OPPOSITE CITY HALL. 97 New Bond St., W.

"| PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE
Mudetaker :

 

 

 

 

FOR ACCOUNT OF THE

BY ORDER OF

srosomr vewvorx |One Hundred Horses
CARRIAGES | THIRD AVENUE
HARNESS
1900 spring and summer styles now ready for in-
Bpection. New and smart de sigus. BY
A most complete line of .VAN TASSELL & KEARNEY
PNEUMATICS,
+ feed, be richast variety ever shown of carriages E. W. KEARNEY, Auctioneer,
of every deseription for city or country, road or park |
selection. or ON WEDNESDAY, APBIL 25TH, 1900,
AT THE
OF STABLES OF THE COMPANY,
SECOND HAND CARRIAGES, These horses have been used en the branch
| lines of the 3d Ave, Ratiroad and ere to be
change tn the entire syetem to electrie power.
SALE POSITIVE TO THE

COR PRINCE ST |
| HUGH J. GRANT, Receiver,
NOVELTIES IN BASKET CARRIAGES.
AUCTIONEERS,
including Runabouts, Surreys, Speeding Wagons
driving searly 1,000 vehicles fiom which to make |
. _— | BEGINNING AT 10:30 A. M.,
BARCAIN SALE
3d Ave., bet. 65th and 66th Streets.
Brewster Landau, green morocco; two | gold in consequence of the contemplated
HIGHEST BIDDER.

|
order. .A beautiful modern Victoria, in |
drab; almost new. Other Victorias and |
Cabrioleta at less price. Two fine Brough-
ams, three extension top Phaetons, two
Spiders, several Station Wagons and Traps,
five sidebar top Buggies; best makers; jike |
new ; leas than half first price ; many others
marked low.

J. M. Quinby & Co.

NEWARK, N. J.

   

Sportsman's Gots,

GOLF BALL

SALE!
MUSSELBURG,

HENLEY,

 

side of the stretch, close to the curb, and, com-
ing from away in the rear went past both com- |
pativors with the speed of a locomotive. Ber-
nard Zahn'strne-going bay trotier Oscar, 2 2044,
and James Kennedy's pacer Jim The Penman,
hada spirited set-to, Osear breaking near the
end of the stone wall and having to make up a
lot of lost ground. Hedidthetrick, however, and
wasagain in the lead before reaching \ ashington
Bridge Ina brush with John hb Cockers fast
reen pacer, The Doetor, © Co Schiidwachter's
ay mare Phyllis surprised evervbody by keep.
{ng the big brown horse busy from first to last

| 3 40
OCORO, «
SILVERTOWN,/ °°

Not more than 10 doz. w & customer.

N. Y. Sporting Goods Co.,

61 NASSAU 8T., near Maiden Lane.

 

 

  

She pulled a high-wheel wagon, while Mr

Cockerill’ horse was hooked to 8, Roeumnar ie

wagon The Doctor won a harddrive He

seored again ina brush with Al Banmann’s bay THE
pacing mare Red Lady, 2125), though the cor

  

“« Columbia Chainless

Fittet with Columbla Coaster Brake, {s the
t, mosteomfortable and most luxurious

ditions were again unehal, the mare
two persons She kept oneventeriis will
Doctor until ber driver ended the contest by

   

pacers Laura Wo and Little Gem, 2.154%, against

each other in one of the best brushes of the .
day Capt WoL Boyer drove Cie Dr Kane Cc mb
held to the belief that Giem could beat the | olu 1as,

chestnut mare, but the trial cenvineed him that
Laura W is fasterthan the gelding She was

Hartfords and

all out as the two midget pacers care down the |
road, but she beat the gelding more ihana St
length Daniel O'Dell drove’ the smooth- ormers.

going pacer Quidriga, 204, ina brush with a With every improved deviee and equipment

 

 

 

Porter, 215, in abrushupthe rond The mare

reld her own fora quarter of a mile or more,
i

but the Commodore stuck to lis task our he

4 (40., AUCTIONEERS,
vat & 15 Park Place

27th, at 12:30 o'Clock,

 

EF, Biss

Friday, April

 

 

  
   

 

was in front H DD. Mix introduced a new
trotter of promie in ihe Vite ha vor Te" 750 HIGH GRADE BICYCLES
Bright, d Swit Phe fF bles the Dob d‘tavly and lotsofS LOand upwards.
Bright choy fort att ” Also Chainless Bicycles.
dhe tin mt a ALSO AT 1:3 O'CLOCK
ven") LARGE LiNe CF BICYCLE SUNDRIES
- a 1 Hlub, P dais, 8 te of Wherls, Gas and Ot Lamps,
care Gilbey. '  Kepoir Kits. Pumps, Hells, Seddl 6, Tires, de
mae wid Porn Pos hanitt ton briday Morning

 

Com ioner ' ra reo kK ride —a
at the head of the pros n Mr Gi ire ‘

the good horse John Nelson, 2254), presented

to him by the late WOH Clark, woile Mir Straus 4

hasa stable full of fast ones to choose ft y “e

EXCIUSINE AGENTS FOR

Among Columbia's Athletes,

 

 
 

         

    
 

 

 

 

  
 

 

>

The first series of ctorheiner PARTS, TIRES AND REPAIRS.
« wid ompe " ad fat flare ALSO AGENTS FoR

ard May ed Wrtson
eae Unive rain, WOLFF AMERICAN
1 vue fou niver ‘ i A
1 t hivhes ' ! es 1 ateay HIGH ART CY Ls.
were f vs olla ( tino d 07 ' TIFTH AVENCE CYCLE CO, 3 E. 8th Se
We ues fi 107; G A. Rappotd, 1,168 huipe, ¢ (ee ne ree + a arma

14 1 KR Surtesant, 1,13 ‘ Swart
1104. ¢ Marsto, i 18s Mt We 1,087, J The Turf,
hn i nd\ ! vite

Le ‘lurnty von aecond plac ve | nan ne
t in ealleges ai j univers it QUEENS CO. JOCKEY CLUB,
thre nare foriveix men whe : AQUEDUCT, Lif

xcoluts or more ond fiftee) have *
Poles ge (pers be fine, here Racing Every Day at 2:30 P. ff.
bia in il ner ‘ Adinission ty graed stand &1.5 Lodies, $1.99
gore. oF wxts 0 Nn . ee yee re a ‘tb st if o i. : 4
ows: A 1 \ ong, 0 » | 1.59P and ristbu: Rav. %1 1 » 1:86
: aor ‘. le nipion, see fee 5, | 180 M Stages eoinect wits King. Co L
seconds, «. 4 “Sar nail, 02, iaw, the owift rune | you
oad ee Pie lB sag id ne e | Mattere of Interest Concerning Horses
bisho; 3. college, of the fresiman team, J.() | are more fully and ably treated in Tug Bex’s

 

newa ecolumps than in any other nedian A -
vertising thus becomes more valuavie ia 1.3
@um for obvious reasons. Remember als. - Ade,

Caldwell, (03, who ran ahead of the Coumbia
taam in the late intereollegiat™ cross-country
team, Will go 48 substitute,