=

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ecreae f Bwe e wo . ,
rf tte ta ' ¥
poe, " ei mn Me mt ; tos oes italy a, we ° Paneer poe ae , , s Na fe ee PAs om we p a , ¥ Oy ” ‘ bi a frei bands me , ’ m
i ; ‘ ig \ 43) Ny " a : : , OPE = ‘ nee r os Rr v Shee a . x £ *
\ ™ Bieta; an ae “ ST Ln ne | ' m i ‘i :
| Z , r », * \\\/ y * '
-_ \ i ) WL , ‘
! ‘ ¥ a ad} : . FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1998.
~ yee I ‘ a ‘ . : 2 7
' "aa @ My 7) he Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-motrow.
’ ¥ ° a
» .\ = a = e »
. i Tes a 1 °
—_—_- SS. C™CGCuaunjmE ===: eer ae NN a ee nn na ee Sanphggedietiacinangges te 2-cnsdiaeaneatnanaeayaisanaesta nance ————S=

 

VOL. LXXIV.—NO. 63,

      

 

CROKER SCORES
HEARST THEORIES

Considers Tammany’s Support
= Most Astonishing and
Unprincipled.

———

WHY DID MURPHY ALLOWIT?

 

 

Labor Would Be Paralyzed, Says
the Ex-Boss, by a Victory
for Hearst.

 

Tammany’s Former Chiertain Gives an
Interview to the “Freeman's Journal”
of Dabiin in Which He Points Out That
This Land of the Trusts Is a Pretty
Geod Piace for the Workingman
—jLabor’s Friend Is Tammany, ‘Not
Hearst —Can't Understand the Present
Deal and Why a True Jeffersonian
Democrat, Sulzer, Was Ignored for
a Man Who Denounced His Present

rte State Prison.

for

Allies as

Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN

Dvauin, Nov. 1.—The Freeman's Journal
of DubNn prints an interview with Richard
Croker in which Mr. Croker said:

“I believe that if Mr. Hearst wins and
carries @ut his programme it will have
the effect of paralyzing labor. It will
paralyze capital, and when you paralyze
capital you paralyze labor. I am assuming
when 1 say that that he will carry out his
purpose after election.

“There is no capitalist in America who
does not want make at least 4 per
cent. on his money. If Mr. Hearst's ideas
are carried out capitalista will be com-
pelled to invest their money in Government
bonds and stocks. That would be a great
injustice to labor. Labor must have capttal
in order to be successful ”

Asked how labor organizations in America
regard trusts, Mr. Croker replied

“The labor organizations are themselves
combinations or, if you like, trusts What
the labor organizations have to do is to
keep up their ‘organizations and stand by
them. There will then be fear but
that they will benefit themselves. Labor
organizations ought to be educated, so as
not to be led away by false allegations
regarding particular trusts. All depends
on the trust. If you combine business
#0! people say it will injure labor, but
very often it helps labor.

“Look at the men who go to America,
the land of trusts. See how they get on.
Not 1 per cent. of them come back, and
most of those who do return with money.
Does not that speak weil for America?
There is no country to-day in which, the
workingman is doing so well a¢ in America.
Then when the American workingman is
so much better off is not that proof of the
soundness of the system? The trust sys-
tem is not bad except in some cases. If
it gives employment to labor and cheap
prices in the retail market then I say it is
a good thing. If it does not, itis bad. Let
the workingmen's organizations consider
the question carefully and make up their
minds and everything will be right.”

Discussing Tammany Hall's support of
Mr. Hearst, Mr. Croker said it was a most
astonishing and most unprincipled perform-
ance for Tammany to turn its delegation
over to Mr. Hearst when he had accused
them all of being thieves and pictured them
as going to State’s prison, and to ignore
that true Jeffersonian Democrat, Mr. Sul-
ver, a man thoroughly imbued with the
pure Democratic principles of Jefferson,
and a sound, consistent Tammany man.
He added:

“I cannot understand it at all. I cannot
understand why Mr. Murphy would allow
the organization to depart from its recog-
nized principles. If Mr. Murphy was at
the head of a conspiracy, as Mr. Hearst
says he was last year, how can Hearst now
justify himself by taking Mr. Murphy into
his confidence. That being so, why should
he not forgive Mr. Rockefeller and the reet
of the magnates provided they support him.
Would it not be better for Tammany to be
defeated fighting for a principle than to
dishonor itself by outraging the principles
of Jefferson?”

Questioned regarding what he had to say
concerning Justice Daly, Mr. Croker an-
swered:

*This talk about dividing Judges, that
Hearst and Murphy indulge in, we have

to

no

Daly was not reelected because he had not
fulfilled bis promise as a true Democrat,
and the person nominated and elected
was a better Democrat and a better lawyer.
T challenge them to point out ar.y fault in
any Judge we elected in New York in the
Jast thirty years, Our Judges are upright,
zealous men, and that is the beat of New
York and Tammany.

“I hope the workingmen’s organizations
will work together and make up their minds
together before they give their votes, and
not be misled by wild talk. If they stand
by, each in his own union in every trade,
there need be no fear.

“Tammany has always had the support
of the workingmen of New York because

it always stood for Democracy, working-

—_—_ Se
After all, Usher's the Scotch

shat made the highball famous.-rAdv,

\ w

|
|
|

 

men and mechanics and trades unions.
Tammany inaugurated labor laws, and she
statute laws under,which the labor bodies
are now organized were voted by Tammany.
“Finaily, Tammany is not in favor of
trusts, as has been represented, I do not |
favor trusts. I am strongly opposed al

| them where they injure people's living, but

|
|

|

 

 

 

|

| writing fromm

1 strongly favor workingmen standing by |
their empfoyers and encouraging them to |
go on and develop and extend labor instead
of shutting up their money in stocks and |
bonds.”
’ ce

In confirming by cable yesterday the
genuineness of his despatch to Senator
McCarren Mr. (‘roker added: “See to-day's
Freeman's Journal.”

James J. Martin Predicts That He Wiil
Lose Kings, Queens™and Richmond
James J. Martin, who recently resigned

the Tammany Jeadership of the Twenty-
seventh Assembly district because he would
noteupport Hearst, was happy to the extent
of joviality when the purport of Mr Croker’s
interviéw was explained to him.

* Mr. Croker,” he said, “sees the condition
of things just now in Tammany Hall as I
enw them when I refused to be any longer
a@ party to supporting Hearst, and when [ |
got out of Tammany Hall rather than be
identified with te conspiracy which led
to the nomination of Hearst at Buffalo.

“Mr. Croker will have the backing of all
the old time Democrats in this city in deciar-
ing, as he has done, that Tammany ought |
not to have stood for the selection of Hearst, |
and I want to‘add to what Mr. Croker has |
‘aid that the nomination of Hearst was
brought about by theft-—the theft of the
rights of the delegates who were sent to/
Buffalo, and who were robbed of their righ ts.

“But the game that was put through
at Buffalo will not help Mr. Hearst because
I have not the least doubt that he will be
overwhelmingly swamped. Hearst has split
the Democratic party wide open not only
in the State, but in the city, andfrom what
I have learned of the feeling of the party
toward him and toward the present leaders
who are running the affairs of Tammany
Hall at the Fourteenth street headquarters,
Mr. Hearst may carry this county by a
comparatively small plurality, but he will
certainly lose Kings, Queens and Rich-
mond.”

Max F,. Ihmsen, Mr. Hearst's political
manager, said last night in commenting on
the statement made by Mr. Croker: “This
declaration which Mr. Croker has made
in praise of McCarren will prove a source
of unquestioned strength for Mr. Hearst
in every part of the State,. The Croker
declaration further emphasizes the issue.
All good citizens throughout the State will
line up behind Mr. Hearst.”

ROSTON EXPRESS RUN INTO.

HEARST WAS SPLIT THE =
!

 

Rear Poliman Wrecked by Fngine of Stan
ford t.ocal.

While the Boston express of the New
Haven railroad due at the Grand Central
station at 10:30 o'clock last night was stalled |
four blocks north of the Melrose station on |
account of an open drawbridge over the |

Harlem River it was run into by the Stam. |
ford local train, dueghere soon after the
Boston train. The locomotive of the Stam-
ford train ploughed into the parlor car |
Gertrude, on the rear of the express train,
wreck ng the car and giving the twenty
occupants a shaking up.

Engineer John Larkin of the Stamford
train was unable to see the danger signals
set against him because of the bridge over |
Webster avenue at 166th street. The local
was running at the rate of twenty-five
miles an hour, and when it had cleared
the bridge the rear lights of the @oston |
express were visible four blocks beyond.
The engineer reversed the lever, but his
headway was too great to avoid the col-
lision.

As soon as possible the passengers in the
wrecked car were moved into forward cars
on the Boston train, and it hurried
the Grand Central Station.

The railroad people told the police that
only a few persons got bumps and bruises,
not enough to call for medical attention.

PROF. BURGESS EXPLAINS

into

 

That He Didn't Intend to Represent the
President in Hie Berlin Speech.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas SUN

Beri, Nov. 1.—Prof. Burgess dénies
that what he said in his address at the

University of Berlin on October 27 about

the Monroe Doctrine and protection was

in any way meant to reflect the views of

President Roosevelt on those topies. He

did not say anything that could convey

such an impression

On the contrary he believed that while |
the President was in favor of a revision of

the tarif he was a strong upholder of the
Monroe Doctrine, though only to the extent
that no European Power should acquire
new territory in the Western Hemisphere
Prof. Burgess considers that protection |
and the Monroe Doctrine are anticjuated
ideas, and hopes that the expression of his
views will lead to the discussion of them
by American politicians. |
}
|
|

 

BRITISH LIBERALS LOSE GROUND,

 

Municipal Electiqns Show a Swinging
Rack to Conservative J.ines.
Special Cable Despatch to TAB SUN
Lonvon, Nov. 1.—The results of the mu-
nicipal elections in England to-day indicate
that the political pendulum, which touched |

tions, is swinging back strongly.

The municipal contests here are mainly
on party lines, and to-day’s results, although
incomplete, show considerable Conserva-
tive gains. This is notably the case in Lon- |
don, where the Prdgressives, that is, the
Liberals, Radicals and Socialists, were |
charged with extravagant expenditures on
Socialist schemes

|
heard before. There is nothing in it. Justic® | the Liberal limit in the Parliamentary elec- |
|

 

Rose L. Fritz Wins Again,

Rose L. Fritz of this city, the eighteen- |
year-old girl who holds the world’s type-
writing championship, won the one hour's
manuscript contest aty the
Nationa! Business Show as Madison Square
Garden last night. She wrote 5,110 words,
with forty-one errors, H, Qtis Blaisdell |
of Chicago was gecond, with 4,853 words |
and 201 errors. Lillian Bruorton of Boston }
was third, with 4,585 words and 169 errors.

82.65% to Boston, Fall River Line, Stre. Pris-
cillw ang Purttaa lve, r p. N.R., foot Warren St.
Week diysand Sundays § P, Mf, Orchestra on each
steamer. —-Ado,

| many weeks ago.

| Norton

 

CHARLES WHITNEY NORTON AR-
RESTED 1y CHICAGO,

 

Post Office Inspectors Charge That He Took
Millions in Stecks From Thetr Qwners
on Pretenee of Selling Them as a Broker
~Piunder Found in His Possession.

OurcdGoO Nov. 1.—Charles Whitney Nor-
ton, alleged to be one of the biggest swind-
lers the country has seen, was arrested in
Chicago to-day.

He is acoused by the United States postal
authorities of obtaining mining stock and
other securities valued at $3,000,000 by false
pretences. i , .

Several suit cases filled with stocks sup-
posed to be stolen and other documents
were recovered by Post Office Inspector
Stuart and his assistant.

Norton, who is said to have been in trouble
before on similar charges, was the pro-
prietor of a concern which he called the
American Wholesale Brokerage Company
at Elmira, N. Y. He disappeared from
that city two years ago, after getting the
stocks and bonds, it is charged. Norton,
it is elleged, worked his scheme by getting
in touch with mining corporations in Ari-
zona, Nevada, Oregon, Washington and
other States, both East and West.

‘He sent out letters saving he had cus-
tomers in London for mining stock and in
this way induced holders of securities to

‘GOT $3,000,000 BY SWINDLE.

send the paper to him, assigned either |

in blank or directly to him.

On receiving a batch of stock from a
victim Norton, it is said, would reply
saying that sixty days of more would be
necessary for him to get the proceeds from
his London customef,

When things got too warm for Norton in
Elmira he quit, the authorities say, send-
ing out the announcement that he was
moving his office to London 60 as to be
nearer his clients.

In reality Norton is said to have gone to
Troy, N. Y., from there to Toledo and thence
to Detroit. In all of these places he is
alleged to have worked the same scheme
in quieter fashion.

Norton came to Chicago last January.
In the meantime it is charged that he had

succeeded in disposing of a considerable

part of hia stocks by trading them for lands
in Virginia, Tennessee, Alabama and other
States. Deeds for the lands, comprising
thousands of acres, were in the vault of a
lawyer's office at 84 Washington street. It
is not charged that this attorney knew any-
thing of the contents of the satchels. He
was holding them for a debt owed by Nor-
ton, .
Norton held 50,000 shares of Chicago Tin
Company stock, which an authority present
at the examination said was of considerable
value. .
Norton uses Louis W. Leonard as an alias
in Chicago, getting his mai] at the Palmer
House. For some time, it is charged, he
has been attempting to dispose of mining
stock through Chicago brokers.

Complaint reached the Chicago police

 

The police were taken |

into the confidence of the post office in- ,

spectors and a trap was laid to catch
ting into communication with Norton and
opened negotiations with him. He agreed
to take some of his mining stocks to the
supposed brokers for investigation. In this

| way he was caught.

Inapectors Stuart and Sharon, as well as

\ the police detectives say, they have investi-

gated the matter thoroughly and have

| failed to discover a single instance in which

Norton paid for the stocks he had under

| pretence of having customers who would |
, purchase them.

“It appears to be one of the biggest swin-
dles of the age,” said Col, Stuart.
In the mass of securities unearthed by

the police were mortgages on the lands |

acquired by Norton amounting to many
thousands of dollars.

and has a son employed in a Chicago com-
mercial house.

$253,000 FOR SHUBERT’S DEATH.

 

Jury Assesses Pecuniary Damages to His
Parents —New Trial to Be Sought.

A verdict of $25,000 damages for the death
of Sam 8S. Shubert, the theatrical manager,
was returned against the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company by a jury in the d/nited
States Circuit Court before Judge Holt
yesterday. The plaintiffs were David and
Catherine Shubert, parents of the dead man.
It is understood that a new trial will be
asked for.

The damages asked for were $100,000.
The railroad company admitted ita neglect
and liability for Shubert’s death. The only
question to be determined was the pecuniary
damage suffered by his parents. It was
brought out that he had made $98,000 the
year before his death, having sent home
$11,500 each year for the support of his
father and mother for several ygars, prior

The most interesting testimony offered
was that showing the busy and successful
life of Sam Shubert with his rise from a

The detectives succeeded in get- |

| ent importance

 

men

 

 

WRS. SAGER DOUBLES SALARTES.

 

Five Clerks Get Twice ax Mueh for October
as They Expected.

The employees in the office of the late
Russell Sage have received in addition
to their regular October salary from the
estate checks from Mrs, Sage for an equal
amount, which virtually doubles their
salaries. Five men are the recipients,
one being E. C, Osborne. C. W. Osborhe,
executor according to the Sage will and
long the head of the office, will not receive
the increase on account of his fiduciary
position,

Mrs. Sage designed the increased pay
to be a reward for long and faithful service
on the part of her husband's employees.
They carried on for many years the finan-
cier’s money loaning operations in Wall
Street in the little office at 31 Nassau street,
The nature of the business made it im-
possible for them to take holidays, and year
after year the men came down to work
without missing a day.

C, W. Osborne said last night: “It is
true that Mrs, Sage saw fit to reward
her husband's employees by increasing their
salaries, Aay talk about the employees
feeling hurt because they were not re-
membered in the will is nonsense. Mr.
Sage’s well uhderstood purpose was to re-
member only his immediate family. Mrs.
Sage’s action is just a recognition of faith-
ful services.” ?

PRESIDENT HUNTING TURKEYS,

Goes for a Long Tramp With Dr
and a Guide.

Ricuuéyp, Va., Nov.1.—President Roose-
velt was out after the turkeys and part-
ridges in the Albemarle woods and fields
early this morning, being among the first
to take a shot at the birds after the opening
of the legal season, which began this
morning.

. The air was quite cold and the ground
was covered with frost, but the President,
accompanied by Surgeon-General Rixey and
a guide, seemed to take a boy's delight in
the prospects of a long tramp

It is not known what luck the President
had with his gun, as the party took a course
into the wilds of the Blue Ridge Mountains.

It is said the President has never killed
a wild turkey and that turkey is the magnet
that has drawn him to the woods of Albemarle
this time.

Late last night Dick, the hired man, was
seen going over to Pine Knot with some-
thing under his arm. On being questioned
he said he was“carryin’ dem folks er sifter.”
As supper was over the biscuits for the first
meal were probably of unsifted flour

Mm. Roosevelt was out for a walk in the
fields late this afternoon. The weather has
been ideal.

 

Rixey

 

METCALF REACHES THE COAST,

Seeretary Ready to Begin Investigation of
Japanese Exclusion From Sehools.
Oakuannd, Cal., Nov. 1.—Secretary Vic-

tor H. Metcalf of the Department of Com-

merce and Labor, has arrived from Wash-
ington and will remain here with relatives
until to-morrow when he will proceed to

San Francieco, where he will begin his

inquiry into the action of the San Francisco

Board of Education in excluding Japanese

and other Orientals from the regular schools

and assigning them to a school set apart for
them. Secretary Metcalf said ;
“I ain not at liberty to talk concerning
my mission except to say that the Adminis-
tration considers this a subject of the grav-

“Our treaty with Japan guarantees to
that nation the same consideration and
immunijfies ‘that are guarantee! to the
most favored nations, hence the desire in
Washington to learn officially of everything

| that has been done in San Francisco:

 

newsboy to a manager with twenty theatres |

andtwelveshows. He was on the train that
ran into a buckled freight on May 10, was
taken from his Pullman berth badly man-
gled and died from his wounds in the hos-
pital the next day.

David Belasco testified that Shubert was
a genius, not only in business acumen, but in

; dramatic judgment and taste and in his
| general knowledge of both the artistic and |

the commercial sides of the theatre

The only evidence submitted by the
railroad was Sam Shubert's will, which
gave all his property to his brother Lee,
“knowing and directing that he will make
all proper provision for th® maintenance

| of our mother and sisters in their proper

sphere in life as I have endeavored to do.”
It was shown in the trial that Lee had never
salary

BETTING ON HUGHES PLURALITY
83,000 Pul Up at Evens That it Will Be

80,000.
There was very little election betting on

‘the curb yesterday on the general result.

What there was was at5 to 2 on Hughes,
and probably there was not mor@ than
$20,000 placed. W. W. Bagley placed $3,000
even with Alfred Joseph that Hughes would
have 80,000 plurality. Mr. Bagley could
find no takers for an offer of $5,000 to $10,000

| that Hughes would carry the State by |

 

130,000.
GREAT BEAR SPRING WA
“Ite parity has made is
edt .

“I cannot say just what methods I will
pursue in conducting my investigation.
I will probably establish headquarterg in
San Frencisco, As soon as my work is
completed I will return to Washington.”

FIRE DEPARTMENT CHANGES.

: | Guerin Moves tp From Staten Isiand to |
Norton is about 50 years old, married | * 8 |

Commant New Division,

In making room for twenty-eight new
firemen and twelve first grade firemen
appointed to be engineers (Commissioner

| Lantry made a number of changes in the

personnel of the Fire Department yesterday.
Several transfers of officers were also made.
Deputy Chief William Guerin was brought

from Staten Island to command the new |

first division, taking in all of Manhattan

south of Fulton street. Deputy Chief
Richard Callahan, who has been on relief
duty, succeeded him in Staten Island.

Deputy Chief Kruger, who has been in charge
of the old first division, including all of
Manhattan south of Fourteenth street,
takes the new second, the district from
Fulton to Fourteenth street. He will have
his headquarters in Lafayette street, as

formerly, while Chief Guerin’s will be with |

Hook and Ladder 19 at 191 Fulton street

 

CONGRESS CANDIDATE DIES,
Thomas %. Delaney's Name, However,
Will Have to Remain on the Ticket.

Thomas S. Delaney, the Independence
League candidate for Congress in the Sec-
ond district of Brooklyn, died eayly yester-
day morning of a complication ©f diseases

} at his home, 461 Grand street, Williamsburg.
| He was born in New York fifty-five years

; ago and for more than twenty-five years

he was actively identified with labor in-
terests. In 1804 he was a Democratic cam-
didate for Assembly in Williamsburg but
was defeated by a small majority.

Two years later he ran for Congress on
the Democratic ticket and was again de-
feated. When he was recently nominated
for Congress on the Independence League
ticket he was not in good health and he waa
warned agajnst an active campaign. Two
weeks ago was taken seriously ill and he
never rallied.

| daughter.

; been in partnership with Sam, but always on |

As the official hallots are in the hands of
the printers his name will have to remain on
the ticket. Pasters will have to he put
over it

PRESIDENT’S CRUISER ESCORT.

Tennessee and Washington to Accompany
the Loutsiana to Panama.
PHILADELPHIA, Sov. 1.- The cruisers
Tennessee ancl’ Washington left League
Island to-day for Hampton Roads to act as
convoy to the | cuisiana, which will carry

President . Roosevelt to the Isthnus of
Panama.

The lennessee is under command cf
Capt. A. G. Berry and the Washington

under Capt, J. 9. Adana.

The Louisiana and the escort cruisers
have had their wireless telegraph outfits
ut in thorough condition so that the
President nay keep in close tonch with
all conditions in the Uaited States while
be is at sea. .

 

He leaves a widow and one |

 

ROWS IN AUTO CAB STRIKE.

POLICE KEPT BUSY QUIETING
THE RIOTING DRIVERS.

 

Stone Cuts a Policeman's Kar—Kight Ave-
nue Scene of Many Disturbances
—President of the Cab Company Says
He Only Lacks Police Protection.

The fourth day of the attempt to break
the strike of the auto fab drivers by the
New York Transportation Company ye*-
terday was marked by rioting and disorder.

The first electric cab left the garage at
Eighth avenue and Forty-ninth street at
10 in the morning, containing as a passenger
Miss Nellis, a stenographer, employed by the
company. No account of any mishap
to it came in.

Roundaman Frank J. Dunn of the West
Thirty-seyenth street station was badly
injured in the afternoon by strikers while
with a number of reserves be was trying
to break up a riot at Thirty-sixth street
and Eighth avenue. He was struck near
the right eye with a stone and bis right ear

rock. The trouble came when a hansom
driven by a strikebreaker came down
Eighth avenue followed by two special
policemen on bicycles.

A crowd gathered and the driver fled,
The crowd surrounded the cab and began
to wreck it. The reserves were then called
for from the West Thirty-seventh street
station. The crowd threw stones, one of
them catching Policeman Dunn just under
the right eye. Another stone struck him
on the ear.
Thirtieth street station then arrived and
eharged the crowd,

Just then another electric cab appeared,
driven by Arnold Bein, a strikebreaker
A rush was made for him and some of the
crowd climbed on the cab. Bein kept to
his post and tried to drive the machine
but was forced to jump off and run for his
life *

The police tried several times to make

pulled away and the mol was dispersed
without a single arrest

Benjamin J. Smith, a restaurant keeper
of 306 West 135th street, said yesterday
that his brother Terence. 18 years old, is
held in the garage on Eighth avenue and
that he would appeal to Magistrate Mayo
at the West Side Court for an order for the
release of his brother.
had gone to the garage on Monday in answer
to an advertisement and wrote to him after-
ward saying he could not get out. As a
matter of fdct, the new men are boarded,
lodged and trained fh this garage, where
they are under police protection.

Chauffeurs’ Union, was arresved for using
abusive language to Harry Logan, a new
driver. He was held in the West Side court
by Magistrate Mayo in $300 bail for further
qxamination. Bail was furnished by Alder-
man Ricnver

A riot took place late in the afternoon at
Fight® avenue and Forty-seventh street,

gg A ag eaaaraetae
ES

where a crowd of strikers and sympathizers |
dragged a strike breaker from an electric/

brougham.
‘lamp post at Forty-sixth street, where it
stopped. A number of special policemen
were on hand. and one of them, Robert
Sanders, was being badly used when two
blueoogts with revolvers came up and made
the crowd back away. Two arrests were
made.

Frank Moore of 89 Washington place, a
i striker, was held in the West Side court in
!. $1,000 bail for examination to-day. He was
aceused of avsaulting Arthur Fox, one of

the strike breakers, on Tuesday, at Broad-

way and Fiftieth street. Fox save he was
| struck by Moore on’the head with af iron
‘bar. The assault was witnessed, he said,
| by a crowd of people.

President Meade of the New York Trans-
| portation Company said la&t night that he
could put seventy men on the electric cabs
at once if they could be protected. He
did not want to subject the men to un-
necessary*danger. About ten caba were
sent out in all, containing etrikebreakers

|
|

 

| READING STRIKE THREATENED. |
'

 

the Trainmen
“Extreme Medsures.”
| (pteaao, Nov. 1.—A strike on the Phila-
delphia and Reading Railroéd is predicted
by P. H. Morrissey, grand master of the
Brothefthood of Trainmen, now in seasion
at the Sherman House

| Grand Master of orders

all go ott on the Reading, the three unions
acting aa one,” he said to-day.
“Our representatives at
have telegraphed that they can get nothing
| out of the railroad management I replied
to proceed at once to extreme measures,
if they felt that course was wise and I and
the national organization would back them,”

 

WOMAN AS PROSECUTOR.

Mies Quackenbos Appointed
i. 8 Attorney.

United States District Attorney Hetry
L. Stimson appointed yesterday the first
woman special assistant United States Dis-
trict Attorney that, so far as is known, has
ever been appointed in the Federal courts
of this district. She
Quackenbos, counsel to the People’s Law
! Firm of 10 Bible House, and she is appointed
*o assist in the prosecution of Sigmund $8

a Speetal

—— —— 9 —— -————-

' Schwartz, the East Side employment bureau |
agent, who has been indicted by the Fed- ;

eral Grand Jury for sending men to the
lumber camps of Florida into a state of
peonage. Schwartz's license has been
revoked by the Commissioner of Licenses
He comes up for trial at the December
term of court. :

| BRITISH BARON FINED $10,000 |

 

for Voting In House of Lords Without
| Taking the Prescribed Oath
j Speetal Cable Despitch to Tae SUN
LONDON, Nov. 1.--Baron Grimthorpe,
| who since his accession to the title has sat
and Voted in the House of Lords without
taking the prescribed oath, thus flagrantly
violating the law, took the oath to-day
The total amount of the fines against him
for illegally voting is £8,500
In the House of Lords the Marquis of
! Ripon, Lord Privy Seal, announced amid
| laughter that three other peers wer@ in
the same boat with Baron Cirimthorpe.
He proposed that their names be struck
| from the records of the divisions in which
| they had illegally shared. It is assumed
that the matter will end here and that
the offenders will apologize, as Baron Grim-
thorpe did before he took the oath,

’ FR DAY, NOVEMBER | 2, 1906 .—copurions,: 1000 by The Sun Printing ond Publishing ferociation.

was nearly severed by a sharp piece of |

The reserves of the West |

arrests of leaders in the riot, but they were |

His brother, he said, |

Richard Butler, who is treasurer of the |

The brougham crashed into a |

|
|
“Trainmen, conductors and firemen will ;
j
|

Philadelphia

is Mies Mary Cirace |

} business,

j by

|

|

 

J. @ BENNETT'S VACHT SUNK,

Great Storm Does a Lot of Other Damage
in the Mediterrancan
Spectat Cable Despctch to TARE Sun.
Paris, Nov. 1.—A great storm has done
much damage on the northern Mediterra-

; Mean coast. The sea fushed into Toulon
| like a tidal wave.
The quays were flooded and several

 

vessels were swept from their moorings
; and stranded, Nine torpedo boats were ,
damaged.
; The famous Promenade des Anglais at
Nice was flooded, the public gardens were
come out and the streets inundated.
' Serious damage was done at Cannes and
elsewhere ;
James Gordon Bennett's yacht Lysistrata |
waa sunk at Cannes. |
One report says that the Lysistrata was |
not sunk, but was badly damaged. i

 

Former Husband Brings Action tn the
English Courts.
Newport, Nov. 1,—Papers have been

served on Mrs. Aurel Batonyi, formerly
| Mrs, Burke-Roche, in divorce proceedings
brought by her former husband |
As the English courts do not recognize the |
‘ divorce which Mrs’ Batonyi got in Delaware
| several years ago it is understood that the |
ground alleged is bigamy

Mrs. Batonyi to-day gave out the follow-
ing statement in regard to the maite:

“I married in the United States and got a
| divorce in the United States years aso
| As Laman American citizen [ have noth ag
to do with laws outside of the United States

It is said thet Mrs. Batonyi will take no |
action and will allow her former husband

to get a divorce in the English course }
ee

THE DENVER'S LOST CUPS.

Persons Who Took Them Koown and Whi |

|
/
MRS. BATONYVI SUED FOR DIVO ROE
!
}

 

Have a Chance to Restore Them
Special Cable Despatch to THK SUN

Havana, Nov. 1. —Lt is reported that it

} is known who took the silver cups from

the cruises Denver at the reception given

on board that vessel the night before she
left Havana

The persons who have the cups now are

| alsoknown. They will have an opportunity

to hand them over, and if they do not do so

they will bearrested, The names of several
women who are more or less prominent
} in society are mentioned in (he gossip in

connection with the affair

DE LANCEY KANE FOR ALDERMAN |

Newport Cottagers Want to Meip Hun the
Town—Portsmouih Ratses Taxes.
Newporr, Nov. 1.-Col Astor
Kane, a cottager who makes this city his
legal residence, filed normination |
papers for Alderman from the Fifth ward,
Col. Kane is the first of the «
seek a place intthe new city government

De Lancey

to-day

tlLagers Lo

 

cottagers want representation in the city
government in view of the fact that they
pay the greater part of the tuxes

Under the new city charter any one can
| hecome a candidate for Alderman by filing
nomination papers.
|

|
'

sors of Portsmouth, a suburb of Newport,
have increased the valuation, as they find
that the low tax rate
run the town,

Among the residents of Portsmouth are !
Alfred G. Vanderbilt, Reginald (. Vander- |
bilt and Henry A. C. Taylor. Mr. Taylor
gave up his citizenship in Newport a vear |
ago because of the increase in hia personal
property tax

AtTO AND © wee ton COLLIDE, |

Prederich H. Bedford toes to the
Assisianee of Mes. Wyhrants
Frederick H. Bedford, of family
which is interested in the Standard Oil
Company, was in his automobile early
last evening with hs wife and Mrs,
William H, Nichols of 353 Clinton avenuay;
when it ran into the horse and carriage
of Dr, Howard P. Mykrantz of 111 Macon
street, Brooklyn. The horse was killed
and Mrs. Mykrantz, who was in the carriage
with her husband, suffered from shock
| Mrs. Bedford went to her ass tunes,
but she soon recovered, and the automobile,
which was undamaged, proceeded to the
Bedford home at 193 Clinton avenue, The
accident occurred at Intersection of
Grand avente and St. Mark's avenue.
The two vehicles met at right angles,
the driver of each expecting the other to
stop. Mr, Bedford's automobile driver,
Alexis Downes, was at the sieering wheel

| It was announced to-day that the asses-

in not sufficient to

Mrs

the

the

ae ce

LIPTON PRIZE FOR FISH BOATS.

| Sir Thomas Plans a Sailing Race for Massa.
chusetts Bay.

Bosron, Nov, 1.~As @ result of a vi
T wharf this afternoon, where he 4
cheered by the fishermen, Sir Thoms
Lipton will offer a prize for a race amon <
fishing vessels in Massachusetts Bay,

The offer resulted froma talk with Thomas
F. McManus, designer of fast fishing schoon
ers,

Sir Thomas, seeing a fleet of vessels of
the latest model, said: “That's what I
calla wholesome type of boat.” *

“Why not race with a bout like that?”
suggested one of his escort

“That's a good idea, a good idea,” said
Sir Thomas.

“Why not offer a prize for a race among
fishing vessels here in Massachusetts
Bay open to all American vessels?” Mr,

McManus asked
| “Make it open to all the world,” said Sir
Thomas, “and I'll do it and leave the details
to my friend here,” indicating Winfred M.
Thompson.

KID WCOE'S ATO TAKES FIRE.

Both His Hants Burned—Was HBeund for
the Mapetrack.

Norman Selby, known in the ring as
Kid McCoy, who is now in the diamond
started out yesterday in hi«

autorobile for the Jamaica racetrack
| to back the ho Dolly Dollars, owned
his brother-in-law, C. 1. Henshall
Robert Hemimgway, a horse owner, and
his chauffeur were with ‘im. Between
the villaze of Jamaica and the racetrack
Selby got a strong whiff of burning oil
and found a tiny blaze running up the side
of the gerolene tank.

Selby warned the other occupants of the
machine to jump, and he went to work try-
ing to smother the blize with his overcoat
While he was working at it the fire got into

 

the tank-and there was an explosion. The |
machine Was partly wrecked and the former |
both badly burned

puailistp hands iy -|
hustled around until he found a surgeon |
to bandage his hands and sent for a wreck- |
ing crew to care for the mach:ne,

 

Try Gold & Black Label |, 2 |
of A, BR, Ruiz & Hermanos, Jere

Crown Sherries

pain.--Adr,

 

‘Scorching Arraignment

| Workingmen of New

It is likely that others will follow, as the |
; stand as far as the poles asunder.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

Ro0T SPEAKS

FOR ROOSEVELT

of

 

« Murphy’s Candidate
for Governor.

PRESIDENT ABHORS HEARST

/And Resents the Staiement That

Kis Policies and fearst's
Are {denticc.

Mr. Root Says (he Peesiient and Mr. Beare

“Stand as Par as the Poles (sinter?

—With Bull Auihowiiy He Yonouness

That the Presitent Regards Me,

Hearst ‘‘'as Vbeliy Cnt te Re Gove

ernor, as an fosineere, Solfescohing

Demasegue, “Whe te Tesing (o Bevelive
by Palss

the Werkingmon of Now bogh

Statements wii. ent Promises’ --

Hearst's@ flernns. jutettobBrert

Piscantent, trtot a Losnesinatian,
Critica, N. 7 ‘ t.. Adil ing &
rit e be i! ‘ ing & ry rd
ate Flihu Roct ry for President
Pheodore Roo eh i
fsa, to sou, with b's authority, (hat he
greatly desires ihe cleetion of Mr. Haghes

the State ef New York;
with his that he
as wholly unfit to be
as selisceking

who Is trying to deceive the
York by false state.
ments and false promises: and L say (& yeu,
with bis authority, that he considers that
Mr. Mearst's election would be an injury
and a discredit alike to honest labor and
to bonest eapital and a serious injury te
the work to which he is engaged of em
just and equal laws against cor.
porate wrongdoing.
Roosevelt

as Governor

1 say to .ou, suthority,

regards Mr. Hearst

Coverpor, an itsineere,

euinagogite,

foreing
Mr. Hearst
Listen
to what President Heoosevelt himself has
sald of Mr. Hearst and his kind. In Pres
dent Hooseyett’s first message to Congress,
in speaking of the assassin of Mchinley,
he spoke of him as inflamed “by the reck-

President and

| less utterances of those whe, on the stump
‘and in the publle press, appeal te the dark

and evil spirits of malice and greed, envy
and sullen hatred, The wind is sowed by.
the men who preach such doctrines, and

| thes cannot eseane thelr share of respensl.

| bility for the whirlwind that is =
| This appiles atlhe to the deliberate

sogue, to the explotter of sensationaiiem
and to the erucde and foolish vistonary whe,

_ for whatever reason, apologizes for crime

or excites almiess discontent.’

i says, by the President's authority, that
in penning these words, with the borrer
of Presiient Mekiniey’s murder fresh
before him, he had Mr. Hearst specifically
in bis mind.

And to say, by his authority, that
he thought of Mr. Yearst then he
of Mr.

what
thinks

flearst now.

i Secretary of State Elihu Root cam@ te
this the chief city of hs native cod
| to-night to deliver a message from Priti-

dent Roosevelt to the voters of New Yorks
State. Three thousand persons crowded
nto the Majestic Theatre to hear him speak
from the sume platform with Charles E,

Hughes, the Republican Gubernatorial
hom:nee

It was a great spaech and it made a strong
impression on his audence. Root is ad-

mired and beloved by the people of Oneida
county and his coming here to-night as t
President of the United
‘tates concerning the vital issues presented

the peoPle of the Empire State at this
i ve Was a compliment to bis former neigh-
which they received with apparent
appreciation ‘

He spoke in a calm voice but brought out
the most telling pointe of his address in a
imanuer which aroused his audience to
wild enthusiasm

Secretary loot spoke with great earnest-
ness. His characterization of Hearst as a
demagogue found a ready echo with his
bearers, and his review of Mr. Hughes's
work in the insurance investigation brought
applause that was eloquent of the sentiinent
pervading the audience.

Mr. Root’s references to the trusta and to

spokesinan of the

rs

| corporate wrongdoing were followed closely

by his hearers, and his words dealing with
President Roosevelt's efforts in curbing
lawless combinations in the interest of the
people were received with enthusiastic ap-
preciation.

But what Mr. Root’s audience awaited
with the greatest interest was his arraign-
ment of Hearst's alliance with Murphy
in securing the Democratic nomination at
Buffalo and his record in Congress. Their
expectations were fully realized on this
score, as Secretary Root’s denunciation of
Hearst was of a scathing nature.

During the speaker's reference to Hearst's
record in Congress, and while he was quoting

, from official papers to show Hearst's lack

of interest in behalf of his conatituenta,
the first of two untoward incidents occurred.
Mr. Root was producing figeres giving the
number of times Hearst had missed roll
calls in the lower branch of Congress when
a man in the gallery jumped to his feet and
cried: “That's a lie!” The crowd shouted
for Jie removal, but Mr. Root asked the

| poll an to permit him to remain, and the

interrupter how

speaker soon showed hi-
é misapprehension

he waa laboring under
of the facts.

When Mr. Root referred to Hearst and
is newspapers as being responsiblein large
measure forthe assassination of McKinley,
two men seated on the “ near. the