h )

Showers to-day and to-morrow,

&

o

 

 

VOL LXVIL.—NO, 286
eS

TROOPS NOT YET IN PEKIN,

REPAIRING THE RAILROAD AS THEY
ADVANCE TO THE CAPITAL.

 

 

Boxers Burn Summer Residences of English-
men—New Edict Issued Ordering Their
Suppression - American Missionaries At-
tacked at Che-Foo—Consul at Chin-Ktang
Appeals for a Crutser—Japan Threatens te
Land Twice as Many Troops as Russta.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 13.—There ts little news of im-
portance from China. Foreign troops continue
to land at Tien-Tsin at intervals. The trains
that left Tien-Tsin within the past
three days do not appear to have reached
Pekin. Troops are repairing the track which
was torn up by the Boxers. A train left Tien-
Tsin yesterday to bring Gen. Nieh to consult
with the Viceroy.

A despatch to the Morning Post from Pekin,
dated June 9, says that the Emperor and
Dowager Empress have issued a new and wiser
edict for the arrest and suppression of the
Pekin rioters.

The Times's Bhanghal correspondent says
that the Japanese Minister is preesing for the
recognition of Japanese spheres of influence to
the provinces of Che-Kiang, Fokin and
Kiane-Si

The Tsung-li-Yamen telegraphed on Satur-
day to the Governor of Nyan-Whei stating that
Russia was about to bring a large ‘orce to

ekin.
~ Viceroy of Nanking has been ordered to
be specially vigilant to prevent British aggres-
gion in the Yang-tse-Kiang Valley. The corre-
spondent remarks that it is noteworthy that
British interests there are now practically un-
protected, the entire force between Shanghai
and [chang consisting of three diminutive gun-
boats

Another Shanghai correspondent reports that
4.00) Russians have landed at Ching-Wau-Tao,
It is said that they are awaiting orders there
because Japan has notified China of her inten-
tion to send twice as many troops as Russia If
the Kussians go to Pekin.

A transport has been engaged at Hong Kong
to convey 900 troops to Tanhge-Ku

The Foreign Office confirms the report of the
destruction of the summer residences of Eng-
lishmen near Pekin.

Panis, June 12.—-TaHs SUN's correspondent
hears on excellent authority that information
has been received here to the effect that as the
United States propose merely to protect their
own subject and property in China, they will
not cooperate with the other Powers in pro-
tecting and patrolling the Pekin-Tien-Tsin
Railway. The reason advanced is that the
American Government has not the troops to
spare for any euch work.

The Foreign Office has received @ cable
despatch from Pekin via Kiachta stating thet
the telegraph line between Pekin and Tien-
Tsin has been cut.

The summer residences of Englishmen have
been burned.

The Teung-l-Yemen has been packed with
Boxer chiefs who have replaced the old mem-
bers.

The British marine detachment under Ad-
miral Seymour had not arrived at Pekin up to
the hour the message was sent—4 o'clock on
Monday afternoon.

M. Delcasse, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
announced at 8 Cabinet meeting to-day that
M. Pichon, the French Ambassador to-China,
telegraphed under date of June 10 that 4009 men
had left Tien-Tsin for Pekin.

The French Consul at Shangha! telegraphs
that all wires have been cut.

The Minister of Marine has ordered @00 med,
who are expected to arrive on the cruiser
Baigon, to reénforce the troops now at Tiea-
Tain.

CONSULS REPORT OUTBRBAES.

Exteat to Which This Government Is Pre-

pared to Interfere in China.

WasgINoTon, June 12.—Not a word from
Minister Conger was received at the State
Deartment to-day, and this absence of advices
from nim leads the officials to believe that tele-
graphic communication between Pekin and the
out-ide world has been cut. A despatch was
received from the American Consul at Che-
foo. China, in which reference was made to an
attack by Boxers on American missionaries,
but the Department declined to make this
public, the reason given being that it was of no
importance. It is suspected, however, that
the Department regarded the message as of an
alarmist character and for that reason decided
to ke) its contents from the public.

A despatch was received at the Department
from Consul Martin at Chin-Kiang, China. It
fe dated June 12, and reads as follows:

“Large numbers natives organized secret
society halted here. People very apprehenstve,
No protection. Want cruiser.

bine Klang is a port on the Fang. we-Kiang,
about 100 miles from its mouth. t is not far
from Shanghai but a great distance from the
scene of the prinzipal Boxer troubles. The

undoats Yorktown and Castine are at Shang-
ai and one of these may be sent to Chin-Kiang.

The Chinese situation was the main topic
considered at the regular Cabinet meett 'o~
day. It was said after the meeting that noth
Was decided upon, but that the events dealt wit
fn the dispatches in the last few days were dis-
cussed. It ix the opinion of members of the
Cabinet that the Dowager Empress is in a dilem-
ma and does not know which to choose of two
actions. It is not believed that she sides with
the Boxers. She is apperenily in greater diff-
culty than at any previous time in her life and
does not know what it is expedient to do.

It was announced that there is no intention
of sending troops to China from the Phill
pines. For the present it is believed that the
American marines in codperation with the
foreign marines will be able to protect
prelgn interests in China. American included.

he American marines will codperate with
the others under a common commander, it is
understood. for the common purpose of pro-
fection. This is believe to be a practical
manner of procedure onSAmerica’s part and
heed not be construed as an alliance with other
foreign powers,

4 member of the Cabinet said after the meet-
ing tat he believed that such action as shall
be found necessary to protect American lives
and property would meet with the approval
of the American people. In any event the
landing of troops could not be construed to
mean, inder present circumstances, that Amer-
lea eountenances an attempt to divide up the
Chinese Empire or to share in its apportion-
ment The protection of American lives,
property and Fights is as far as this country is
interested in the present crisia.

 

 

LI HUNG CHANG FOR REFORM,

Remarkable Letter Received by One ef the
Chinese Exiles in Honolals.
Hoso.vie, June 5, via San Francisco, June
12 — A remarkable letter has just been received
by Leung Chi Tso, a Chinese reformer. It pur-
borts to have been dictated by Li Hung Chang,
and it commends Chinese reformers and urges
them to continue their work. The letter is
‘ned by a grandson of Li Hung Chang and
bears the writer's private seal
It is in answer to an open letter to the Viceroy,
Written and published some months ago by
Leung Chi Tso. In his letter Leung reminded
L. that less than two years ago, when the re-
or *T Was sent into exile, Li sent word to him
through Count Ito of Japan bidding him to look
* Ss @xe® as an opportunity to study and
arn Occidental ways and modern methods of
Svernment, as the time might soon come
When (hina, under happier conditions, would
Feral] the sons she was now sending into exile
roy and revaodel her ancient insti-
ead her into that place among

 
 

 

Cincinnatl in 1900
: mM portant as to deserve a better train
athe New Yors Centr, Lake Shore

‘ry vodertaling to meet the demind See
“ce jta) Mime table ‘Trains 1:00, 6:30 and

 

SS
4 —=

nations to which her empire and her people
entitled her.

Li was reminded that in concluding his mee
sage he bade Leung Chi Tso to be faithful to the
ideas for which he had been exiled. Leung
Chi Tso asked Li if he had been faithful to the
sentiments of that message and if he had done
all in his power to bring about that happier time
for China. The reformer said he would not wi
braid Li for the efforts he was then mabe
the province of Canton to hunt down and exe-
cute reformers, for in that he was only obey in
‘his sovereign’s orders, if he could be assur
that Li was not himself inspired with the spirit
of those orders.

The ietter received by Chi Teo by the
last steamer purports to be la Hung (hane’s
reply. It contains about 4,000 words, and a@
complete translation has not yet been made
Some of the important portions have been
translated, however, and are as follows:

For over thirty years Li Hung Chahe has
been a believer in the opening of (hina to for-
eign intiuences, but he has stood all aloye. fi
the days of the lai-Ping rebeliior, which
helped to sun he had the help of the Hritish
General Gordon, whose skill put an end to the
rebellion. In that war Li learncd that the for-
eigners were more skilful than his countrymen,
and he came to the conclusion that China should
learn from the outside world. But no one clse
held those views, and one man could do nothing.

Thon Afteen vears ago came the war wi
France. Before that war Li e for peace.
He told his countrymen that France was too
werful for them and tried to point out why
it wa» that her soldiers were more skilled But
the mandartns wanted war, and the result was
that some territory and a lot of gunboats were
taken. The same thing happened before the
war with Japan, which Li ‘ried to prevent.

All this time Li Hung Chang has believed
in educating the Chinese in foreign ways, but
he pea been alone among the mandarins and
could do nothing. Now he is old and canrot
do what the young reformers are doing for
their country pe as only sympnthy for them
in their work. [tis not Li who has ordered the
_— beheaded, nor are his agents after
them. It le the Empress, and I: cannot stop It.
‘The persecutor of the reformers, who was shot
{n Shanghai the other day was not an agent of
Li as has been sald, but of the km . Li ls
still alone among the mandarins In believing
{n foreign education. But what can one old
man do’ He warts the young reformers to kee
on with the work end hopes they wili suce
in the end. If China Is ever is to have a goc
government {t must come through such eflorts
as the voung men are now making in the oyt-
side world for the cause of reform. let the
work continue. The reformers must not be {n

a hurry to do everything at once. [et them
work with patience and or there wil
come a day before long when they can wor

more freely. The Empress Dowager is an old
woman now and she surely cannot live ruck

orton
nm this remarkable letter was first re-
ceived the opinion among the reform element
of the Chinese here was divided as to whether
pe a was wast it purported to, be, or 8
Uy perpetrat y some one who sough
either to injure Hung Chang or to mislead
reformers owever, it is now generally
accepted among those who have seen
and who are in a position to judge of the matter
an popu. and that it was dictated by Li him-
self, but written by his grandson, so that in
it even coming to the
knowl of Empress, Li could deny the
authorship of it. At the same time it is evi-
dent he felt powerful enough to protect his
andeon from the danger due to it. In the
ief that it is genuine attempts were made
to maintain the greatest secrecy regarding
the letter in order to protect Li Hung Chang
here are those, however, who, believing the
letter pepaine think it is simply a plan on the
pe of the old

the event of

man to in with both sides
case the reformers, throt the death of the
press Dowager, of by o' means, should
be successful.

PRESBYTERIAN

Saye Catholics Have Abused the Privileges
Granted to Thom in China.
A member of the Presbyterian Board of For
eign Missions was quoted anonymously in an
evening paper yesterday as saying that in his
opinion the Roman Catholics hed much t
do with the uprieing of the Boxers. “Ever
since the treaty between France and
China,” the interview ran, “it was stipulated
that the priests of the Romasa Catholic Church
should held the same rank as a viceroy or &
Governor or a Magistrate. The Church has
been using this power a an inducement to the
natives to embrace Catholicism. The priests

ave even gone 80 far ap to use their civil er
f if qrodeae who

 

BLAMES ROME.

 

t for the

they were acquitted. punishme
peerart abuse of this authority ves
1 eve, the Catholics are now receiving in

e fury with which the Boxers have turned
upon them.”

Many inquires were made yesterday at the
various foreign missionary Societies in this
city by relatives and friends of missionaries
in China. A letter Was received at the head-

eters of the byterian Board from Mre.
Au Lowrie, the senior member of the Pres-
byterian

ip Cainy. The letter was
written on May @ m Paoting Fu. Mrs.

Lowrie 5: s of the unusual peace that pre-
vails in district, and doesn’t even intimate
that trouble was expected.

in them,

now

 

RUSSIA'S WAR PREPARATIONS.

 

Shipments of Men and Munitions te Pert Arther
and Viadivesteck.

San FRANcISCcO, June 12.—Yokohama news-
papers received by steamer to-day give some
interesting details of the enormous movement
of munitions of war and arms and men by the
Russian Government to its possessions in the
Far East. A Japanese who publishes a news-
paper at Port Arthur recently interviewed the
captain of the big Norwegian steamer Norman-
nia, which landed arms at that port.

The captain said that the Normannia was
only one of many ships engaged in the Russian
Government to bring over arms and men. She
landed at Port Arthur ten big guns and an en-
ormous quantity of iron materials for fortifi-
cauions.
stores and provisions. Port Arthur is now

na the coast are being put into condition
for an emergency. Russian troops are being
ured into eastern China at the rate of eleven
undred men weekly. : :

The tain of the Normannia also said Rus-
sian Volunteer cruisers and ships chartered
by the Russian War Office are carrying troops
and military stores to Persia, which bears out
the reports recently sent to the London Times
by its Odessa correspondent.

Restrictions on Messages for China.

The Commercial Cable Con:pany issued
the following notice yesterday: “We are
advised that the Great Northern Company
announces that on account of the interruption
of the lines between Tien-Tsin and Pekin,
telegrams for Pekin by the cables (Vladivos-
tock and Eastern) will be transmitted at the
sender's risk. During the troubles in China

night service is established at the cable offices
at Viadivostock. Nagasaki, and Shanghai.
Government messages will take precedence.”

Later he was oot, “R arding
our notice t morning of intesrupftion to
telegraph lines between SMen-Tain and Pekin
we are advised that the only route open to
Pekin is via Maimatchin.

ARMY SCANDAL IN SAN FRANCISCO,

 

 

 

Quartermaster’s Clerk and a Manafacturer
Arrested for Defraading the Government.

Sam FRANCISCO, June 12.—What promises to
be a big army scandal! was disclosed to-day by
the arrests of J. W. Bartholomew, manager of
the American Box Factory, and Ernest Emm-
rich, chief clerk of the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment. Emmrich is charged with being in a
conspiracy with Bartholomew to defraud the
Government by approving bills for supplies
that were never furnished.

The exposur * was brought about by a quarrel
between the partners in the box factory, KR. P
Merillion, one of the partners, declares that the
factory received $268 fro tke Government for
goods not furnished and that $250 was paid to
some one connected with the Quartermaster’s
De nt. Boxes furnished by the factory
were used to pack guns and ammunition for the

sh also charged against the Quarter-

master's Department in the purchase of hay
and feed

McKinicy to Speak in Akron, Ohio, on Jaly 5.
AKron, Ohio, June 12 —President McKinley
to-day accepted an invitation to d liver an ad-

dress at the laying of the cornerstone of Buch-
tel College on July 5 He will be in Canton on

duly 4

 

Fer all Specialties in Optics

h cer Optical Mfg. Co. a chance to ficure
= Pee rsaarees\3 15 Maiden Lane, N. Y.~Ade.

NEW YORK, WE

 

Ske 108 he te olgethe church providing |

At Viadivostock she also discharged |

completely fortified, but many other places |
alo

3 DEAD; 7 HURT; 4 MISSING.

—_———-
FATAL FIRE IN WILLIAMSBURG
—WEIDMANN COOPERAGE BURNED,

 

 

Scramble for Life in a Four-Stery Building
~Fiames Climb Up a Chate as Threagh a
Chimney—Several Men Trying to Escape
Slide Down This Chute Inte the Fire—Fire-
men Save Three Big Gas Holders From
Exploding—Victime Drep From Windows.

The Weidmann Cooperage, on Wythe avenue,
between North Eleventh and North Twelfth
streets, Williamsburg, was destroyed by fire
last evening. The fire started ata few minutes
before 6, just as the men were washing up be-
fore quitting. About one hundred and gwenty-
five men were in the building. Three of them,

I at midnight last nignt, were known to
be dead. A fireman was at the point of
death. Seven other workmen were in the

| hospitals with severe injuries and four were
| missing from thelr homes. People who reached
| the fire before the first company of firemen ar-
rived are sure that there are many bodies in the
ruins, because they say they eaw man after
n run to the flame-lit. windows and fall back
the building. There never was a big fire
that did not give rise to euch stories, but the
firemen said that it would not surpiree them to
find that there was some truth in them this
time.

The fire spread eo fast that almost anything
in the way of loss of life was possible. The
factory was a four-story brick butiding that
rao clear through the middle of the block from
Eleventh to Twelfth streets. On the Wythe
avenue side of it was a low one-story bullding
used as a store room for shooks and for finished
sugar barrela On the Twelfth street aide of
the building were several lean-to sheds used
for storage purposes. The eastern side of the
lot was occupied by three tanks of the Brook-
lyn Union Gas Company. They were full of
gas. There were also three dwelling houses on
Eleventh street below the factory. The factory

| itsel was not particularily substantial in its
architecture. It waa peculiarly adapted to
spreading fire in that it hada chute which ran
from the third floor to the bottom of the build-
ing, through which finished barrels were elid te
the ground floor. The fire started near the
| chute on the bottom floor and the flames shot
| up the chute as though it had been a chimney
made for just that purpose. There were fire

; | escapes on the front of the building,

Most of the men and boys on the firet floor
| got out. Some of those on the second floor
| were burned alittle, The names on the lists of
| the killed, injured and missing are those of men

on the third floor.
The third floor men saw the smoke coming
up through the obute, but some of them
thought that it was only eamcke and that the
chute offered them @ quicker way of get-
ting down than the crowded stairway
or the precarious fire-escape, and they
jumped into the chute. They slid right inte
the fire. Every one of these was badiy
burned. One man, August Benedict of 5¢ Stagg
etreet, ran to the ohute and heard the yells of
fear and pain of those whom he had already
seen jump into it Though he had already
climbed in and was holding himseif up for a mo-
ment before taking the slide, the heat rising
from beneath satisfied him that the chute was no
eafe way of eecape. He pulled himself out to the
floor again. But even this time the flames
had osught bim and hed burned
clothing from the lower part of his body. Some
of tne men at the windows making their way
to the Gre escaped called him to jointhem. Ia
hie pain and {fright he became confused and
went up to the roof. The fremen on the roof
of the storehouse saw him there and put
| upe ladder. He had fatnted and was lying

belpleas on the roof when they finally reache:
him ther had just got him off the roof when
itfell with @ great noice. He was taken to
rae Gaesere District Hospital and died where at
§ 0 clock.

The men on the fourth floor had even a
harder time of it. George Hammel, one of
those who got off quite unharmed, wid this
story of his experien “T was ou the fourth
floor changing my clothes when I saw the
smoke coming up the stairs and somebody
yelled ‘Fire.’ That was ail Iwanted | made
one jump tp get into my trousers and
then made one more igmp to the
stairs. There was too much doing there te
suitme. You know, there wasalot of kids
working there setting up barrels and that sort
of thing. Then there was a lot of - men. Th
kids and the men wereal) around the hea
of the stairs fighting like rats for a chance to go
down. They were so wild that when one fellow
did get a start down they'd reach out and pull
him back again. They were clean gone nutty.
So | makes just one more jump,to the fre
gocene this time, and that was clear andI got

own

The jam about the stairway continued until
many of thoee who were fighting for a chance
there took to the windows on the east side of the
building and jumped to the roof of the store-
house. Foreman Cleary of Engine 112 caught
two of those who jumped in this way in his arms.
One o! them, Gus Smith, a boy. Was saved trom
any injury grcset such as he suffered from
being burned while he was hanging from the
window sill before he dropped. ihe otber,
John M. Lockwood, the father of the forema
of ihe factory, was so badiy hurt that he died.

The firemen had no easy task before them in
keeping the flames away from the gas tanks
The first engine to reach the cooperage was
No. 112 from Wythe avenue and Eighth street,
three blocks away. The alarm came from
Berry street and North Eleventh, a block to the
east of the factory. No 112 came up to Eleventh
street and Was swinging east when one ot the fire

men standing on the tailboard saw the
flames coming from the windows of the
cooperage The engine was whirled around

Foreman
convince

and sent flying down the street,
Cleary needed but one look to
him that it was uo firejfor one single bat-
talion to tackle, and he sent in a third alarm,
without going throug! the/formality of sending
in a second, hen a third alarm follows a
first with a two minutes intervai, every fire-
man knows that someting extraordinary has
happened. The apparatus fairly swarmed inthe
vicinity for the next fifteen minutes. The David
A. Boody and the Seth Low, the two fireboats
uffed up to the foot of Bleventh street an
fines of hose were stretched blocks and blocks
down to the river to meet them. Chief Perry,
who had charge of the fire until the arrival of
Chief Dale. did not lik» the \ooks of the big
gas tanks so clos: to the roaring furnace into
which the coopernge was transtormed
within half an hour of the discovery
of the fire. He s nt a man to ask the
gas company to take its gas out of the
tanks. Meanwhile he set the streame
from the fireboats playing on the gheet-iron
sides of the tans Overon the Twelfth street
side the Pratt oi! people, who oceupy the block
diagonally opposite, deemed it advisable to do

what they could to ~— the fire from
overheating the tank that was nearest
to teem. They got out their own ap-
paratus and kept the eastern side of
thattank wet. At7 o'clock the big gas holders
began t» go down, showing that he gas was

a considerable danger while {i lasted, for the
explosion of any one of the tanks would have
meant the qgeend of the fire to the Pratt oil
tanks on the other side of the street and
probably to the other gas tanks which fill the
whole of the block be ow Kentavenue. As it
was the paint on she gas holders was scorched.
The danger was s0 imminent that the police,
by the advice of the firemen, cleared all the
peope out of the tenements on Flev-
enth street ovposite the fire and drove
them beyond Kent avenue There were
three tenements between the fire and Kent
avenue: the peomte in these needed no urging to
go When the police went through them they
did not find a soul there to be driven out
Fireman George Lehman of Truck 58 was
standing on the roof +f one of the lean-to sh
on th: Twelfth street side when the front wall
fellin. The concussion of air knocked all the
sheds our into North Twelfth street. Lehman
was hit by a fiving beam and his left lee was
broken He was taken to the astern District
Hospital with the rest Refore the ambulanee
arrived a newly enlisted private in the ambu-
lance corp. of the army whois to ail for San

a AS

Juan to-day on the Burnside, came along
and found the wou ode: lying around wait-
ing for the arrival of the ambulances
He jumped in at once, rolled up iis

sleeves, confiscated white shirts from the backs

Rashing to the Moantains.

The Lackawanna Railroad's new mountain train at
12:45 Saturday afternoons shows that this summer's
business will be exceedingly heavy.—Ade

being withdrawn, and Chief Dale sighed with |

relief. By haif-past 7 o'clock they had
all settled down to their lowest level, |
and the greater danger was over It was

 

of the men ¢t him and tee burns
and pede, the erers as comfortable as he
could, en the ambulances came the police
went to him to get his name. © Tan away.

e overheaied and made to say that
name was lam Woodward.

When the Eleventh street wall fell in a human
body was exposed lying on the top of the rub-
bish. It was burned ev that it was unrecog-

le,
John M. Lackwood, Sr, one of the men who
had dropped out of the side window, on fir
into Foreman Cleary’s arms, died at 1
o'clock. Just before midnight a section of
the south wall fell. oo Rogerson, a fireman
of Engine 115 was buried under it. Als compan-
ions 4 him out 4 quietly as they couse, but
when they reach im he wag unconscious.
He was taken to the hospital, where the eur-
gree that his knee was broken and that

had received internal injuries that would
almost certainly cause his death within a few

urs.

The police went the cooperage people te
find cat what the damage was. Louis
Weidman _ loo em in the eye and
said: "Oh, from one hundred dollars
up.’ The wardman who had asked
Question went away and thought it over awhile
4 reported the damage as about $100,000

hen he went back to . Weidman and asked

Ww many men werein the building when the

me these man?”
“I don't know anything
qoperinvendeat.”

f m. I'm only the

owing ie the list o
DBD.

fed maine 80 years, & Stagg street.

ehupoet
John Eat ec. €8 years, 73 Devoe street,
INJURED.

John C 18 years, 40 Havemeyer street,
byrned about hands and face.
obn Donophia, 76 Frost street, dropped from

dow, han: urned.
ames itt, 34 years, 49 Tenth street,
ecaip wound.
George Hemmling, 86, 667 Central avenue,
ankle broken.
George Lehman, 20, 240 Montrose street, fire-
man, broken.
John M. Lockwood, Jr., 24, 78 08 atreet,
foreman of coope.%, chest crushed.
oseph Rogerson, 26, ne 115, fireman,
Crushed under falling wall. Mortally burt.
MISSINO,
Brown, 49 Kent avenue.
‘obn Travers, 49 Kent avenue
ony Schiegelman, $7 South First street.
Charles (ol well, 61 North Ninth street.
Other missing persons were repo in the
crowd to the number of six or seven, but their
names had not been turned over to the police.

st Lie Weldman,

 

TO WATCH A SUPRBME COURT.

North Carolina's Legislature in Session to
Outwit the State's Highest Judiciary.

Rauzron, N. G, June 12.—The General As-
sembly met here in an adjourned session to-
day for the first time in the history
of the State. The Legislature, which
is overwhelmingly Democratic, took
this precaution when it adjourned in
Marob, 1890, to circumvent the Supreme Court,
which has a Republican majority, in the event
of an attempt on the part of the court to declare
unconstitutional or to interfere with the pro-
posed suffrage amendment. This amendment,
which is to be voted on in August, will have the
effect of disfranchising the ignorant negroes in
the State, who constitute the majority of the
Republican party.

The Supreme Conrt ts still in session and ft is
deciared by Republicans that it will sit as long
as the Legislature does. As the members of the
Legislature do not draw an allowance during ap
extra session, it la believed that the Assembly
will not sit longer than a week.

The House to-day passed the new amendments
to the election law, which makes impossible in-
terference with the election machinery by in-
junction or mandamus. To-morrow the suf-
frage amendment will be amended so that it
will stand or fall asa whote if it ts tested by
the United States Supreme Court.

 

WAREHOUSE SHORTAGE IN CHICAGO.

 

Investigating Committee Finds Ne Wheat
Where There Shoald be a Large Quantity.
Cuicaao, June 12—Another alleged shortage

in grain receipts came to light to-day in the {n-

quiry of Gov. Tanner's investigating committee

inte the records of Illinois Railroad and Ware-
house Commission. The Board of Trade men
and representatives of city banking Interests
say the discovery makes questionable the
statements made by officers of the grain office

that they were not protecting the Chicago Ele- |

vator Company. One of the experts employed
by the committee asserts that it shows that in
June of last year the Chicago Etevator Com-
pany was short pretty nearly the same amount
of grain that it was at the end ot the season,
something like 1,000.000 bushels.

Lloyd J. Smith. former man
pany, has always asserted that the only sh
age in the accounts occurred while be was
from the latter part of July to December of last
year. The shortage now found by the inves-
tigating committee antedates his sickness, ac-
cording to reports, occurring while he was at
the office of the Elevator company attending
to its management.

Another exposure which employees of the
company say will come out ip the examination
is to the effect that on or about the middle
of last January there was in the Indiana ele
vator something in the neighborhood of 350,-
000 bushels of Northern wheat and that within
the next wet something like 60,000 bushels
more were put in, making a total of nearly 410,000
bushels. Forthis wheat cancelled receipts were
only issued for something like 26.000 bushels.
Where this wheat is is one of the mysteries
the investigating committee may try to un-
ravel. This shortage occurs op a date after
the Warehouse Commissioners and the Reg-
istrar declare that they discovered the so-
called original shortage and put a stop to the
manipulation of receipts.

er of the com-

 

PLANNED TO KILL GOV. MOUNT,

 

Insane Man Threatens to Shoot a Judge ia |

Indianapolis —Was After the Governor,

INDIANAPOLIS, June 12.—A one-armed man
called at the office of Gov. Mount this morning
and asked to see him. The Governor had not
reached his office, and the stranger lingered
awhile and then went away, going from the
Btate house to the Criminal Court room at the
Court House. Judge Alford was just taking his

seat when the stranger advanced toward his |

desk and began to talk in ap excited tone. The
Judge ordered the bailiff to telephone to the

Sheriff, and as he turned bach the one-armed
map presented a revoiver with the exclamation:
“Tl prove my theory. I'll kill you and then
I'l go for Gov. Mount. I want him too.”

Prosecutor Pugh grabbed the stranger and
ulled him away from the desk
Rteit. who had just arrived, gribbed the pistol,
his hand coming between the barre! and the
hamreer just as the stranger attempted to Gre
it. The Judge, prosecutor, bailiff and police-
man then had a struggle with the man, and it
required all four to overpower him, although
he had but one arm. He was taken to the
station house, where he was icentified as
George Bennett, a lunatic who escaped from
the insane hospital on Saturday. He evidently
went to see Gov Mount with the intention of
killing him It cannothe learned wh-re he got
the revolver

 

NEW ISTHMIAN RAILROAD.

 

Astor Syndicate Gets New Privileges From the |

Republic of Honduras,

New OrLeans, La, dune 12.— The Astor ayn- ,

dicate has secured from the Government of
Honduras concessions for building an isthmian
railway from Puerto Cortey on the Atlantic

to Amapala onthe Pacific, a distance of 200 |

miles. The Congress of Honduras has just

ranted the concessions and President Sierra

ad just time to sign the papers for James
FE. Bleekman, managing director of the New
York (syndicate, to catch the steamer Stillwater
for New Orleans and bring the news here. Ac-
conipanying Mr. Bleekman is Col. Duncan B
Cooper of Nashville, one of the first promoters
of the syndicate. It is reported that Mr. Keith,
the head of the Fruit, Trust, will he general man-
ager of the new road, work upen which will
begin at once.
in four vears. The line has already been sur-
veyed and some sixty-three milesof the road
is more or less constricted, but is in very bad
congition and will have to be rebuilt conipletety

 

Tarafest Gymnastic Union
ad Festival.

Pennsylvania Raliroad Company will sell tiekets

Iphia and return at rate of $2.50 for the round

we Jume 15th to 21st, good to return unl June

North American
&

.

the |

nd Policeman |

It is expected tobe completed |

JAPAN PUTS UP THE BARS.

THE RUSH OF LABORERS HITHER
\ STOPPED BY A DECREE.

 

\" Prevents the Emigration of More Than

Five Persons in a Month Froma Prefeo-
ture te the Untied States—gapan’s Cerdial
Co-operation With This Government.

WasHinotom, June 13.—The Japanese Gov-
‘ernment has informed the Treasury Depart-
ment through its legation here that it has issued
an order restricting emigration to the Unijed
States which will practically be prohibitive.

Counsellor Stevens of the legation called
upon Assistant Seeretary of the Treasury Tay-
lor yesterday to inform him of thie action,
The announcement was most weloome news,
and relieves the Treasury Department of the
| anxiety which has been felt for the last few
months during the unprecedented rush of
Japanese to this country. The cordial coéper-
ation of the Japanese Government with the
United States in this matter is also looked upon
by the President and the Cabinet as a most
friendly action by a power which has alweye
been on the best terms with this country.

While in the Pacific Coast States in recent
political conventions vigorous protests in the
form of resolutions have been adopted against
allowing suoh numbers of Japanese to come
into this country, the Administration has no-
where been blamed for lack of vigilance. The
prompt action of the Treasury Department,
upon Secretary Gage's order, in sending @
special supervising immigrant inspector to the
coast with full powers to employ as large «
force as he found necessary to examine immi-
gtants. and deport all who were not clearly
entitled to enfer the country, has been the sub-
jeot of commendation all along the Pacific
Coast. Nevertheless, the Japanese ‘question
threatened to become a troublesome issue un
less prompt means could bs found to prevent
what the Pacific Coast States objected to
strongly.

The Japanese Government having been in-
formed of the feeling which the recent influx
of Japanese has created in certain parts of the
United States, promptly recognized the harm
which this prejudice against Japan and the
better classes of Japanese would do, and took
such steps as will definitely settle the matter,
The Japanese Parliament is now in recess,
but the Government, taking advantage of
an emergency privilege in its laws, has de-
creed an average of only five persons ma,
emigrate to the United States in one mont
from any of the forty-seven prefectures ip
J . The same order was put effect
in regard to Canada, except that do the

number will be allowed to go to the Dominion
from each prefecture. In order to t

 

preven
emigrants to Canada from crossing the border
into the United States and thus e @ the
intention of the law, it 1s announced that the
Japanese Government will establish a ay:
of exammations at porte of embarka’ i
it is found that the spirit of the order is ev.
The or gone into effect and imme-
yune ite promal atee, 8, special
of the Governors of t prefectures in Japan
was called. The Minister of Fore’ ire
addressed this meeting and informed the Gov-

ernors of the spirit which ’the Japanese Gov-
| ernment wished to show in the matter, se
st y

Governors were asked to codperate
enforcing the new order ang see that t
—~ to understand its pro rome.
speaking of the action of the Japanese
Government in this matter to a SUN reporter

togey, Counsellor Stevene said:

AS ee easy to effect a se! 8
Y prohibits emi-

the immigration question.
this new order praaticall
the United States from J >
tained all that @ mu <s-
Governments on the sui

people

tion
ve
ultation of the two

ject was all that was f japanese
t does not w iw jects to

ve their own country. le ty for

m to do there. By no means it want

them to emigrate to a country where are

not welcome.

“It recognizes the fact also the class
pf objectionable people who have n coming
re are taken, for the moet not from
the prosperous country, but m the city

hese people have been induced to
come here, probably by stories of high
wages that are pale in this country, and have
| been deceived by emigrant agents in many
| ways, besides not being informed of the cost
| of getting here and living after they get here.
The apanese Government does not want
its subjects to become 4 burden upon - coun-
try, much less yeon the people of such afriendly
| pation as the United States. It cannot be stated
| too positively that it does not want its subject
| to leave their county. It will codperate very
cordially with this ernment in seeking out
and punishing agents under its jurisdiction
who hereafter break the laws in regard to emi-
ration, and it will do eves ine 's its power
f furnish information in regard to any sche:
for bringing contract laborers into the Uni
States from its shores.
| “The population of Japan in 1874 was 36,000,«
000 and is now about 42,000,000, an increase of
only 6,000,000 in twenty-six years under all the
improved conditions of life and living. There
these people to do at home
and the Japanese Government Intends to look
out for all of ita subjects.

“The jegation here has kept the Government
fully advised, and it has acted as promptly aa
possible. We are at a loss to know the cause
of the recent rush of Japanese to the Uni

| States, It is believed to have been ca
| by the great activity of agents of steamship
| linea in working @ systematic scheme of some
| sort for inducing ignorant Japanese to embark
| for this country. Many of the laborers, who
have come here have undoubtedly been wel-
| comed by railroads in the West. on account of
| their faithfulness and desirability as laborers.
| The Japanese as @ class are undoubtedly 4s
| desirable immigrants as many who are ad-
| mitted from European countries, but there
is a prejudice, on the Pacific Coast especially,
i

alums

 

}

| is enough for all
|

against Asiatic immigration

‘The Japanese Government would make a de-
cided protest against any legislation prohibit-
ing mmpig ration from that country on the part
of the United States, as the veaty is very speci-
fic in regard to the matter, but [ think that its
cooperation to help this Government to carry
out the wishes of the American people will be
construed as a very friendly act and it is in-
tended as such.”

 

A LIE,

He Denies That He Has Been in Correspond-
| ence With Aguiaaldo—Bryan Donies it Also.
'
|
'

SAYS SENATOR HOAR,

Boston, June 12,—Senator George F. Hoar
refutes the statement of Buence mino, the Sec-
retary of the Filipino Government, that he has
been in secret correspondence with Aguinaldo
The statement of the Secretary was made with
| reference to some communications which are
| inthe hands of the Filipino Junta at Hong
Kong. Mr. Hoar said to a re; orter:
|, “It'salie,an infernal lie! The only corre-
spondence L ever had with a Filipino was while
Iwas in London This correspondence pas
confined toa requestanda refusal. Some Pui
pinos, who were living in London atthe time,
expressed a desire to call upon me. Their letter
was courteous and ny answer was in the same
vel
1 did not censider that it would be proper for
citizens of the two countries to indulge inany
| socia! intercourse whatsoever. I deciined to
receive them,”

LINCOLN, Neb., June 12.—~Mr. Bryan left to-
night to Join the Wetmore Raling party in Min-

t

| nesota. He was asked what truth there was in
| the statement made by correspondence from
Manila, just published, that a Filipino oficial

had said that letters from Mr. Bryan and Sena-

tor Hoar, which had been sent to the insurgent

government. were among the papers sent to

| Hong Kong for safe keeping

| "Se far as I am concerned," Mr. Bryan re-
plied, “there is no truth in it, I,atno time,

| sent any letter,

| QUADRUPLE MURDER IN MAINE.

No Light om the Mystery of the Goodwin
Tragedy in West Newfield.

West NEWFIELD, Me, June 12. —The Coroner's
investigation of the fire and the murder of
George W Goodwin, son, housekeeper and
hired man yesterday morning was begun to-
day George Champion, who had hired out to
work for (roodwin and had been secreted there
' a week to avoid arrest on a Boston assault case,
is still ar larwe

The inquest, after a half dav’s work, was ad-
journed subject t» call of the Coroner. The
County Attorney wants to find Vottae Cbham-
) piou before a verdict is renderes wo little
| girls saw Campion at Goodwin's house the
evening before the murder.

day
ver

in June on the daint: Day Liners represents
cont. of pure peavare. God Musice.—Ade

A
100

ss isiniessiiningisiedaeiicpalastdieonamneneemesianitnesreaianeanseh aie datcepnisitaabisiocariicio! =
nner EES NTE SREENnesNetlE EE EE SS Se

1 told them that under the circumst a |
COrcumstances | vron'she stumbled and fell

DNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

4 BALLOON SEEN APAR.

Appeared to Be Bursing Up—Fell Bapidiy—
Was There a Man tnt? .

A number of people were on the deck of the
United States ship Hartford off Tompkinesville
atSo'clock yesterday afternoon when one of
them noticed what seemed to be a big balloon
high in the air falling rapidly. It was in
the direction of Coney Island, and he
pointed it out to the others. One of the officers
of the ship seized a pair of glasses and focused
it on the balloon. He said that the giaases
showed that it was burning up and that he be-
lieved thata man was in the basket. Before
any one else could take a look through the
glasses the balloon had dropped out of sight, eo
Quiokly had it fallen.

The police of Coney Island, Bay Ridge,
Gravesend and Rockaway Beach stations all
declared that there was no record of any
balloon having fallen in their predincts. One
man wes found at Manhattan Beach who said
that while he was riding around the bicycle

 

track he bad seen a big biue balloon passing,

out toward the sea. He said that there was
smoke coming from {t and that he, therefore,
thought it was a bot-air balloon. He could
pot be sure, but thought that there was a man
or woman in the basket attached to it.

AD of the balloons that were eent up from
Coney Island and similar reeorts were ao
counted for last night. As the wind was from
the northeast, the balloon might have been sent
up from some place on Long Island.

 

JUST KILL THE BURGLABS.

Chicage Police Captain's Idea of Wholesale
Slaughter te Step the Robberies There.

Cutcaqo, June 18.—“Hold-up men and burg-
lara, these fellows who are making so much
trouble on the West Side just at present, should
be dealt with summarily” sald Capt. Campbell
of the Warren avenue police station to-day ‘T
think, after a trial, they should be taken to the
lake front and shot. Ifa few of them under-
stood that it meant death to ply their nefarious
business and shoot innocent oftisens, there
would be leas of that kind of work.”

Lieut. Beard of the Warren avenue station,
who has personal charge of the work of run-
ning down the gang that has terrorised the
West Side for several weeks, believes in the
abolition of the “homes,’’ established for crimi-
nals by charitable persons. “Those places take
no one who bas not served a term in some
prison," said the Lieutenant to-day, ‘and the
reaultis that the worst class of men are thus
brought together under the guise of redeeming
them and setting them up in the world again.
Under this cover they get together and, while
pretending to be living strictly good lives, are
plotting and committing all kinds of crimes.
I wouldn't be surprised to find that the gang
we are now looking for came from one of those
homes.”

Legal authorities are not in favor of the
radical measures advocated by the police de
partment, though Chief Kipiey says such action,
as guggested by Capt. Campbell, would result
beneficially. E

BRYAN RICHEST MAN IN HIS TOWN.

His Reture of Personal Preperty 64,560,
Which Puts Him im the Leed.

Liwcoun, Neb., June 12—Aacording to the

 

 

 

:

up to $2,060. This year the total return
ts $4,860, which includes $8,000 in the bank and
other

credite.

In Nebraska @ printed schedule fe sant to
each man and he is asked to fill it out and swear
te the truthfulness of It. Ex-Lieut.-Gov.
Moore, who has heretofore paid the largest
amount of personal taxes in the city, ranks seo-
ond with $3,615.

 

AUTOMOBILES IN NEWPORT.

 

The City Council Passes an Ordinance Rege-
lating the Saged of These Vehicles.

Newrort, R. I., June 12.—A3 a result of the
automobile agitation in Newport, an ordi-
nance was passed to-night at a special meeting
of the City Council which will prevent fast
driving ip the future. The ordinance provides
that in the com part of the city the s

just not ex eix miles an hour, and ou
the oity proper ten miles an hour. The ordi-
nance provides a fine of $20 or ten days im-
prisonment or both for a violation of the ordi-
pance. It covers all kinds of automobiles, bi-

cles, or any vehicle the propelling power
of which is within itself.

The matter of licensing drivers of automo-
biles did not come up.

 

POSTMASTER WAN COTT'S PLAN.

He Wants a Bailding Where Only Foreign
Maile Shall Be Handled.

Wasntnoron, June 13.—A plan was suggested
to-day by Postmaster Van Cott of New York for
the relief of the congeeted condition of the New
York Post Office and also to expedite the hand-
ling of the foreign mails. He proposed that a
building be rented on West street, somewhere
near the great steamship wharves, for the sole
purpose of handling the foreign mails. A com-
mission will be sent to New York tp look over
the tield and Feport on the fegsibility of the plan.

Mr. Van Cott also asked for about one hun-
dred additio clerks and laborers, which will
probably be allowed him.

 

 

REBECCA YORK GETS A DIVORCE.

She Is a Lineal Descendant of Pecahontas—
Objected to a Drankea Husband.

Cincinnati, June 12.—Rebecoa York, a lineal
descendant of Pocahontas, secured a divorce
to-day from Judge Davis. Her maiden name
was Workum. She came from Kellogg, Wayne
county, Va., and lives at 717 Kenyon avenue.
The testimony showed that she had to take in
washing and Ironing while John, her hasband,
brought carousers to her home Th>* attorney
won the decree on the ground of cruelty

Mrs York is a tall brunette. She says she
has brothers and sisters in Wayne county. She
has no children.

STRICKEN PLAYING

 

“TAG,”

Thirteen-Year-Old Girl Falls Dead of Heart
Disease as She Runs.

Thirteen-yearold Florence McFadden of 41
Jane street, playing tag with several othe little
girls at Jane and West Fourth streets last
night, was running from the girl who was “‘it,”’
She did not rise
and Dr Thomas 0'Mara of 475 Hudson street,
who wason the sidewalk, ran into the street
and picked her up. He found that she had
died of heart disease. Two other doctors con-
firmed the diagnosis.

His Will Thirteen Feet Long.

GRRENFIELD, Mass, June 12.- A contest will
be made over the will of the late Deacon
Chauncy V. Tilto@, who bequeathed his estate,
estipated at from $30 000 to $50 000, to numer-
ous eharitabie institutions and churches, while
nis son got only a life interestin the property
The document itself was the most voluminous
ever file. in Franklin county, being thirteen feet
long by actual measurement. The teature of
toe will was Deacon Tilton’s reference to the
establishment of a home, but (or what purpose
he did notsay. Nonotice ol a contest has yet
been filed in court, but all the lawyers have re-
corded their appearances

Paper-Making Machinery Sent to China.

Betorr, Wis, June 12 Fourteen carloads of
i-sue paper-making machinery were shipped
by a Beloit manufactory to-day to Shanghai,
China This shipment is the first American
and probabty the only paper-inaking machinery
ever sent into the Celestial Empire There have
been paper-niaking machine shipments made
from this city to Japan

Eqaipos tiouse, Manchester, Vermont.

* Special through parlor car Saturday, June 16th
fonly), 845 A. M., Hudson River R. «regular

tickets), reaching Manchester ahout two o'clock.

Check baggage same train —Ads.
r

PRICE TWO CENTS.

BEFORE THE CONVENTION, °

te

THE REPUBLIOANS BEGINNING TO
ASSEMBLE IN PHILADELPHIA,

 

 

Mea Whe Are Interested in Contested Seats
Arriving — Addicks om Hand Early — Mie
Beasts of Beating Democrats and Regue
lac Repeblicans Next Fall—Seme ef the
Early Birds—-Hall to Be Tested To-day.

PHILADBLPHIA, J une 12.~—There was a brief
meeting of Mr. Manley's Sub-Executtve Come
mittee to-day, followed by @ visit to the hall
where the Republican National Convention
is to be held. It was said late tn the afternoom
that the matter relating to contesting delegae
tions has been put in shape for examinatiog
and discussion, and that when Chairman Haapa
arrives to-morrow the committee will have
& session for the consideration of contesta, J,
Edward Addicks ef Delaware was here to-daf
and spent much time around the corridors of
the,Hotel Walton. He had a short talk with
Mr. Manley, Addicks is confident that his
delegation will get better treatment than they
received at St. Louls four years ago.

“The Union Republican party of Deaaware,®
he said, “represents to-day 90 per cent. of the
Republican voters of the State. Of the en
Republican vote cast for McKinley four y
ago we polled more than two-thirds, We cag
repeat that this fall and defeat both the
cratic party and the bolting Republicans,
oan carry the next Legisiquure, and I will do
and the Union Republicans of Delaware
elect two United States Senators. We inten
to contest the election of the so~walled Regular
Republican delegates to this convention, ang
from information I have received I am sur@
that the Union Republican delegates will be
seated.”

Addicks has opened headquarters tn the
Title Trust Building and will personally
his battle for supremacy.

Cornelius N. Bliss arrived this afternoon ta
company with Congressman Dolliver of Iowa,
Senator Cushman K Davis of Minnesota came toe
day to deliver an oration at the University of
Pennsylvania. He spoke favorably of former
Secretary Bliss, and also of Congressman Dole
liver for Vice President, but said he did nog
believe any decision had been made by any of
the party leaders as to who would go on the
ticket wfth McKinley, He said there was no
doubt that if Gov. Roosevelt would accept
the nomination all doubt would at once end,
As to the candidacy of former Senator Wash
burn of Minnesota, he said there had been ne
formal indorsement by the State Convention,
that the resokution merely said that they would
support him at any time during the convene
tion that his nomination shoyld seem preple

tiqys or in the interest of party success. He
id not seem to think this contingency possie

le
There is prospect of a lively fight in the Ohi
delegation on next Monday w a ‘they meet
to a National Committeeman.
yegre ago when Senator Hanna was 6 re
for the Senstershie he was opposed y
les Kurtz, the present member from Ohie
of the National Committee. At a critical
ment George Coz of Cincinnati went to
asst co of Heans and made his election
eure. For this it is aaid that at the State yeu-
vention last row Cox had the promise m
anna that

e should succeed
ational Committee. ey large

urts in
Ohi voure Fer the =
oO

ing oe 8 =
of Senator ey make

that if be
Cox @: did, Hanna was not

e letters are from tem:
eslection of

HI

advocates who say that the
who is a saloonkeeper, will be a serious blow
te McK 6 chances.

Ari ents were for
ppetions acoustic pro} of the ene
tion Hall. The test be made to-morrow
afternoon. There will @ cdncert by
Mu then by Mayor

ge a aie wit and others o!

National Committee who may want to
George Miller of Canton. Ohio, <a here

a and made esvenqenens ¢ the ao

tion of 200 neig! cKinley,

har usiaam incident

ll give t
seasion of the convention.

Senator Hanna will arrive to-morrow fe.
poon and there will at once be a meeting of
members of the committee. The dee
nm and 2 is tniieaeted to-day that

something au ve al
Vhoe Precasncy, at the conclusion o! es ee

here was some discussion of
intention of former Senator Qu

te
The rumor arose In the talk os
the dinner that is to be given to-morrow nig
at Donegal. the residence of ex-United States
Senator Don Cameron. at which Quay and @
number of other members of the National bes
ralttes will be present. This feast. it is sal
portends all kinds of things which may take
shape when the delegates come together. The
friends of Quay are paying little attention to
the story, saying that “the ‘Old Man’ ig in line
for McKinley, and that the President will have
Pennsylvania's vote from first to last.”

 

BIG CROPS OF WHEAT AND COBH,

 

Wheat Harvest Now Under Way in Kansas and
Southern Nebraska,

Omana, Neb., June 12.—The wheat harvest
ts in full blast through southern Nebrasks
and Kansas, and to-day much difficulty is expe»
rienced in secnring laborers for the harvest

fields and they are commanding $1 @ dav nore
than at apy previous time :

The indications now are that the Rebraske
wheat crop will reach 75,000,000 bushels, an
that Kansas will reach close to 100,000,000,
This is from 15 to 2l_per cent. heavier than
previous vields in this State Nebraska's
shortage last year was due to the destruction
of the winter wheat as a@ result of the severe

Ol
Other emall erain promises well in these tw
States. The corn crop will be very heavy
present indications continue. Corn is w
advanced and the acreage is about 5 000,000
in Nebraska and 4,000,000 in Kansas. The acre-
@ in both States is less than last year. In
Nebraska there were 8,000,000 acres of corn
jact vear and a 300,000,000 yield. but the acreage
was larger than tisua! because the winter wh
fields were ploughed up and planted to corn.
Farmers are well supplied with ryoney and
will probably hold their wheat until late in the
fall ior hieher prices
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 12.—Rain is falling
here to-night and seams to be general
ports received from many points In this State
andthe Dakotas show that rain is falling ia
auch quantity as to greatly benefit all crops.

 

OYSTER TRUST OPTIONS.

 

They Will Expire on Friday of This Week
-Nothing Definite From Promoters.

New Haven, Conn., June 12.-The options
secured by the United States Oyster Company,
otherwise known aa the Oyster Trust, on oyster
grounds in New York, Connecticut, Rhode
Island and New Jersey, will expire on Friday
of this week and jud aing by the talk of the prome
inent oyster dealers in this city. the syndicate
will not win out. It promised to be a corpos
ration with any where Brom $5,000,000 to $15,000,«
00) capital stock. Inquiry at the office of t
oyster concerns in this city, which are cover
by options, to-day failed to show that any pure
chases had been made. None of the dealers
has heard from the representatives of the Tnitad
States Oyster Company relative to disposin,
of the plants on tue terms announced sever
months ago The oyster men all say that they
will nt consent to arenewalor an estensionof
the option . .

Letters received from Engineer David C,
Ranford, who is in New York at work on the
new company, say that the prospects of the
concern were never bratter le writes to
oyster deaersinthiscity that theschemeis sure
to go through and that_nene of the options will
be allowed to lanse. They do not joi in his
confident predictions

Kepublican National Convention,

Pennsylvania allroad Company will sell tekets to
Philadeiphia at rate of $2.50 forthe round trip from
June {Sth to 21st inclusive, good Ww return until the
26th inst.—Ade

Rely Upon Piatt's Chlerides
for housebold disinfection, Odorless and eheagee