+ ae eee oe oe

t-
C,
he
ym
ja!
rte ;
y |

se

 

gmp 9" ty fhe J
Eyer ee

“VoL. LXXIV=NO, 23.

 

cTILL HOPE OF PRACE IN CUBA

oa a nt ee
a a ee

 

 

Se

Duvall, who is now returning to Washingto
from the German army manoeuvres, is the
commander ; ;

There is, however, another side to the

TART GETS LEADERS OF REVOLT | Cuban situation, and one waich explains
PoOGETUER IN CONFERENCE, the reason for the activity of the War De-
i an am in making preparations and te

oa n publicity given to this fact.
persuides Then 7 Appoins . Committee The President in hie letter to Cuban Min-
to Hepresent Them in Negotlaione= | itor Quesada strongly intimated that
raike With Pata and Seme of hel nless the Cubans eoased fighting and

iebet tienerals

speeiot ¢ + frespotes to TAR SUN

Havana, Sept. 22. The American com-
mission, headed by Secretary Taft, called on
President Paima at the palace to-day and
ported progress in the negotiations for

peace They alao returned the call of Gen,
Rodrigues, commander of the Government
Afterward the comipiasioners went

forees

aboard the battleship Louisiana and then
rirrned to United Saates Minister Morgan's
house at Mariano, where they continned
their work

[here waa a femporary interruption of
the negotiations, however, owing to the
fact that the five Liberal leaders wh» are
now in jl bad not been released. It is

understood that the ‘Government offered to
allow these prisoners, among whom is Joeé
Miguel Gomez, former candidate for the

* Presidency on the Liberal ticket, to attend

a meeting of the cebel lead@ra with Senator
yayas and other Liberals, provided they
would give their parole of would go under
the escorteof detectives.

The five-men in, jail refused to deal with
the Government, whereupon Mr. Taft
asked that they be temporarily released.
The Goverament acceded to this and Capt.
Frank McCoy, aide to the American com-
missioners, came to Havana in an auto-
mobile from Mariano at 5:30 P. M. The
Government released the five leaders and
also allowed two other political prisoners
to go with Capt. MoCoy to Mariano.

On arrival at the latter place the ineur-
gent leaders met in a general caucus. Prior
to seeing Secretary Taft the malcontents
had been anxious to postpone the meeting
until to-morrow, but the Seoretary wishes
to push; matters on as quickly as possible
and wanted the meeting held at once, as
he considers that no time should be lost in
bringing the present condition of affairs to
an end on account of the injury to the
country.

Mr. Taft explained to the newspaper
men that when he inquired in regard to the
release of the five political prisoners he was
informed that they had been indicted by a
court to whose jurisdiction they were sub-
ject, and consequently he considered tbat
he should not ask for their absolute release
as to do so: would favor one side as against
the other. Therefore he only asked that
they be:released temporarily.

Secretary Taft considers the decision
of the Moderates to abide by the decision

step forward,
contents to appoint a committee which
will represent them in the negotiations.
They did so, making Senator Zayas cbair-

Moxgan’s house to see the
The visit of the leaders
and was merely prelimina
portant meetings which
follow later.

ARMY GOES ON PREPARING,

 

 

“Wu Be Fully Ready for 2 Campaign if

‘ Crisis Comes in Cube.
arow} Sept. 23.—-Officials in Wash-
were lees hopeful of the
of the Taft mission to-day than
a been at any time sinee Mr. Taft
left Wash for Havana to make his
effort to bring about peace in Cuba. While
ndofficial despatches have come to any of
the departments from Seoretary Taft
regarding the progress of his work; it is
known that his messages to the President
during the last two days have not been
especially optimistic; The feeling that
Secretary Taft may not accomplish his
purpose in Cuba ie reflected to-day in the
activity which the War Department is

displaying.

The Department hes practically thrown
off its mask, and while officers will not dis-
cuss the details of plans which are being
worked out it is admitted that every prep-
aration is being made for armed inter-
vention. Horses and mules are being
purchased, shells and ammunition are
being ordered, supplies are being bought;
stores got in readiness, and plans made
for the mobilization of troops. If the
armed intervention in Cuba is necessary
this Government will be much better pre-
pared for a campaign than it was when
American troops were first landed on the
island. Army officers know the island,
the Cubans and the character of warfare
which they practise; and if intervention

mes necessary it will find the army
prepared for it in every possible particular.

The War Department has advertised for
the purchase of 1,500 horses by the depot
quartermaster at Chicago, and several
thousand horses and mules will be pur-
chased by the depot quartermaster at
Omaha, orders for which bave already
been despatched. It is explained, however,
by officers of the General Staff that the ap-
Propriation for these animals is available
and that if they are not needed for service
in Cuba they will be added to the general
equipment of the army, and it will not be
Secessary to make the purchases next year.

The progress of war preparation has gone
so farthat the Department has entered into
tentative negotiations with several steam-
ship lines for the purpose of acquiring
transporte. The Sumner is the only army
transport immediately available, although
the Ingalls and the Meade are on their way
to New York from Manila and will arrive
in three or four weeks. The Kilpatrick and
the McClellan will soon sail from Manila,
but if troops are required in Cuba before
they are available the army will make
arrangements with commercial companies
for the use of ships, temporarily at least,
to transport soldiers to the island,

It is said that the original plan for the
Mobilization of troopa at Tampa has been
changed, and if it becomes necessary to
put men on board ship for Cuba they will
tail from Norfolk and that city will be the
- of mobilization rather than the Florida

The plan of invasion contemplates the use
of several batteries of mountain artillery,
which will be taken from Fort Riley, Kan.,

ut for the most part the troops preparing
to be sent will come from the stations in the

tment of the Gulf, of which Gen. W. P.

Vrom Santa @lara. | agreed ty abide together in peace the United

States would intervone, and that interven.
tion on the part of the United States would
mean the end of Cuban independence.

He strongly hopes for the success of
the Taft mission. The President has made
# reputation as a peacenfaker and he hopes
to see it sustained in thi« instance. He
does not want it written down that he in-
duced the great armies of Japan and Russia
tolay down their arma yet was unsuccessful
in trying to quell # little disturbance be-
tween a few ragged soldiers in Cuba, The
President wants peace in Cuba without war,

Hence it is said that all the preparations
for war which are now going on are more
or lesa in the nature of a bluff for the pur-
pose of bringing Cuba to a realization of
what was so strongly intimated in the Presi-
dent's letter. In other words, the warlike
plans are being made to help out the Taft
mission and to lead the Cubans to an under-
standing of the fact that this Government
will not stand trifling. It is believed that
if the insurgents, who are now arrogant
in their demands, are brought to realize
that their refusal to accept mediation means
American intervention, American oocu-
pancy of the island and an end of Cuban
independence they will be willing to yield
to a plan of peaceable settlement of their
differences with the Palme Government.
This is what many believe the war prepa-
rations to mean.

FUNSTON HOPES FOR PEACE.

Starts For Cuba to Ald Secretary Taft
in Cuban Negotiation:.
Wasnhinoton, Sept. 22.—Gen. Frederick
Funston, who was summoned from the en-
campment at American Lake, Wash.,
to this city for the purpose of going to
Cuba to assist Secretary Taft, left here
this afternoon for Tampa, from which port
he will sail for the Cuban capital. He ex-
pects to reach there on Wednesday. He
was accompanied by Lieut. B. J. Mitchell,
his aide. Gen. Funston was received with
enthusiasm at the Pennsylvania station this
afternoon. There was present a crowd of
several hundred people and they cheered
him as he boarded the train for the
South. Gen. Funston said upon leaving
that it was his purpose, acoording to present
plans, to get at the bottom of the troubles
of the insurgent leaders, and that he had
been selected for this mission because of
his acquaintance with many of the leaders
now at war with the Palma régime and
who served with him during his service
in the insurgent army several years ago.
“While plans have been perfected to

 

 

I should divulge anything that has not al-
ready been made public. My hope is,
however, that peace will be restored on the
island before troops are landed. If they
are landed, however; I believe the insurrec-
tion will be short lived and troops will be
kept there until it is an assured fact that
the insurrection has been stamped out for
all time. I shall confer with Secretary
Taft upon my arrival in Havana and pro-
coved with other business which I am under
orders to transact; but which I cannot dis-
close at this hour.”

COURT RULES WEARY QUEEN.

Alfense’s Bride Finds Spanish Customs
Very Trying.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Lonpow, Sept. 22.—Before the marriage
of King Alfonso and Queen Victoria many
people prophesied that she with her fresh,
simple unconventionality would be too much
for thestiff convention of the Spanish court.
More, however, considered that the conven-
tions would be too much for her.

According to a Madrid letter the latter
oase appears to be coming true. The
Queen is said to be particularly an-
at the obstacles put in the way of
inviting old friends to stay with her. Some of
her closest girl friends who are without the

 

 

strain of royal blood which the court con-
vention of Spain deems requisite for them
were received there as the Queen's guests.
Alfonso was at her side, but the ladies
of the court remained unmoved. So the
young Queen wrote to King Edward for
advioe, which came in the form of a recom-
mendation to be sensible and “respect the
people's stupidity when necessary and in
time, if you are wise, you will have every-
thing your own way.”

Another court custom which has tried
the patience of the young Queen is that she
must appear at dinner every evening in
full State evening dress. If she appeared
at a quiet dinner in the simple evening gown
whioh is favored by all the royal ladies of
England at such domestic gatherings the
Spanish court would be dumfounded.

 

PARIS BIRTH RATE DROPS.

Decline in Almost Every Arrondissement
of the City This Year.
Special Cable Despatch to Ta Sun.

Panis, Sept. 22.--The latest report of the
health authorities draws attention again
to the decreasing birth rate. There were
fewer births this year than last in every
arrondissement except two, including one
where the population is growing at the
rate of 3,000annually. One arrondissement
shows #00 fewer births than two years ago.

A new life preserver has been tested on
the Seine. It is in the form of a rubber
cloth waistooast filled with air.

The Paris police department's third de
gree, which is known as “passage A Tabas,”
is proscribed by law but is tenaciously
clung to by the police. The authorities are
now getting the help of the magistrates in
suppressing it. A magistrate this week
reprimanded a policeman who pierced a
prisoner's waist with a sabre.

There was buried on Thursday a man
known to many students, artiste and
writers who frequented the Montmartre
twenty years ago. He was Emile Goudeau,
a poet and singer, who was credited with
having been largely responsible for the
migration of bohemians from the Latin
Quarter to the Montmartre in the early
’g0a, when he and Salis made the Chat Noir
famous.

cry RAN Rear TiPoute at Lov as.

 

lous in with rvation
t 2:04 eu via NEW TO CE? AL
t ” ~Americe’s Greatest Raliroads* See time

wable othes fast treins,— Adv,

**+NEW YORK, SUNDAY, SE

 

ee
RL

 

pe er er er

SWINDLER TOOK GIRL AUTOING

SHE'S TOME, ILL, AFTER BEING
MISSING ALL NIGHT,

 

Kleanor Weed ef Upper Montolair Gave
Man Wheee Advertisement She An-
swered #100; Then Went Away in Hic
Aute—Well Kaewn Firm's Name Used.

Miss Eleanor Wood, the daughter of
Daniel H. Wood, a retired business man
who lives at 136 Bellevue avenue, l/pper
Montclair, N. J., was swindled out of $100
; last Thureday by a man who used the name
| of Marshall, Spader & Co., a well known
| Stook Exchange firm. The swindler per-
suaded Miss Wood to take an automobile
ride with him Thureday afternoon, The
young woman did not return bome until
Friday morning. She was so ill and over-
wrought that the Montclair police have
not been able to obtain any information
from her. Marshall, Spader & Co. in-
formed Chief of Police Gallagher of Mont-
clair that they knew nothing about the
man who used the firm name.

On Tuesday morning Mias Wood read
in the New York Times an advertisement
for a young woman of good family to take
a lucrative place in a business house; ex-
perience unnecessary... Applicanta were to
write to a certain box number at the Times
office, downtown. The advertisement at-
tracted Mias Wood and she wrote a letter
to the address given, sending it by special
delivery.

The next day at noon a tall, well built
man dressed in dark clothes and wearing a
brown automobile cap drove up to the
Wood home in a big black automobile up-
holstered in red leather. He had the ap-
pearance of a prosperous business man.

He inquired for Miss Wood and greeted
her affably, saying he had received her ap-
plication for the confidential! place offered.

“I am the senior member of the firm of
Marshall, Spader & Co. of 74 Broadway,”
he said. “The brokerage firm desires to
establish a branch office uptown in New
York and wants a clever, well educated
young woman to take charge of it.”

He talked to Miss Wood for some time,
dwelling on the advantages such a place
offered to a young woman and inquiring as
to her capability. She told him she would
like to have the place. After more talk the
man went away, saying he w return
the next day and probably would employ
her.

The black automobile stopped in front
of the Wood home at 2 o'clock Thursday
afternoon. The man had a driver this
time. He told Miss Wood that he had
decided to give her the place, but that his
firm had decided that a $25,000 bond would
be required from ber. Miss Woodeaid that
she didn’t know of any one who would
be willing to be ber surety for such an
amount.

“Qh, that’s easy,” said the caller. “I can
fix that for you without much trouble, al-
though it will cost you a little money—
$100. I can get a bond for you in East
Orange.”

She ‘agreed to pay the fee, and the man
drove away, telling Miss Wood that he was
going to East Orange to secure the bond.
Later in the afternoon, while Miss Wood
was at the home of Mrs. William Person,
a neighbor, the telephone rang and the
man, whocailed himself “Mr. Spader,” asked
to speak to Miss Wood, He said that his
automobile had broken down in the business
centre of Montclair, and that he would be
unable to go to her house.

“Won't you meet me at the Montolair
Savings Bank?” he said. “I have secured
the bond for you and you can pay me the
$100 at the bank.” 2

Miss W went to her father and got
an order on the Montclair Savings Bank
for $100. The man apparently had ascer-
tained that Mr. Wood kept an account
there. Miss Wood went to the savings
bank and found him waiting for her. She
got her order for $100 cashed and handed
the money over to him.

Chief of Police Gallagher of Montclair,
who is investigating the case, was unable
to get a coherent story of what happened
after Miss Wood met the man at the bank.
The chief of police said he learned that
the swindler asked Miss Wood to accom-
pany him to East Orange and see that the
bond was properly made out. He sug-
gested that it would be a pleasant ride
for her. Miss Wood agreed and got into
the automobile.

That was the last seen of Miss Wood by
her family until early the next morning.
Her sister Alice and her brother Sidney
informed Police Headquarters in Ney York
of her disappearance and Detective Sergeant
Finn, in charge of the missing persons’
bureau, sent out a description of Miss Wood,
Yesterday morning at 9 o'clock Sidney
Wood called up Pojice Headquarters here
and said that his sister had returned home.
The New York police were not requested
to arrest the swindler and the news that
Miss Wood was back home ended their
connection with the case.

Dr. William H. Areson of Montclair was
called to attend Miss Wood as soon as she
reached home. Dr. Areson remained with
her most of the morning. When he left
the Wood home he wouldn't talk about Miss
Wood's condition except to say that she
was in no condition to talk about her ab-
duction.

Chief Gallagher tried to get all the in-
formation possible from the Wood family.
He said he learned that the young woman
had been vomiting freely, apparently from
the after effects of a drug. Late last night
the ohief said that he had been unable to
get a good description of the swindler and
that he hadn’t found any one who had seen
the man and Miss Wood after the man drove
off with her toward East Orange.

Gallagher communicated with Marshall,
Spader & Co. and informed them how the
firm name had been used. Marshall, Spader
& Co. informed the chief that they didn’t
do business that way, that they never em-
ployed women to manage branch offices
and that the man undoubtedly was a
swindler.

 

instructed the manager of
the New York Times's downtown office to
keep a sharp eye out for the man who in-
serted the advertisement. An employee of
the office said last night that they had been
watching for him to reappear to get more
answers, None of the employees rempm-
bered what the man looked like

 

WINTER TOURS TO CALIFORNIA.

Sout Railway wil operate via woapevee.

jucted goure $ % a. 10 7.

March 7, 1907. Sleeping, Mining, Stok Soman.

cars. Att 7 tine
ant

tion
Southern Ry -1m0.
| Nos. 1-340 Broadway,—Ads.

an yn ae
———————————

2PTEMBER 23, 1906.—conr

anera’ Pocite Oe. |

 

  

THINK CZAR HAS. FLED.

 

Paris Reports That He Will Seek Neutral
Soll to Deal With the Crisis.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum SUN.

Pants, Sept. 22.—A story which has been
circulated more or lesa for some days past

| in the gossip and has probably attained
publication in America, bas taken on more
definite form to-night. It is nothing lesa

| than the declaration that the Cyar has

| actually left his realm at this moment of
turmoil with the intention of gaining greater
freedom of action than has been permitted
him at home.

One version of the story construes this re-
ported movement aa an actual or potential
abdication, unlikely as such a movement
may appear at a time when reactionary
measures are being taken with some suc-
cess.

This information comes from sources
which have been accurate in their reports
and prognostications for two months past,
whether the news emanate!’ from one
European capital or another.

Readers of Tar Sun will remember that
weeks ago in a London despatch a pfo-
gramme of repression, coupled with offers

| intended to conciliate the peasants, was
outlined, which was oredited to usually
well informed sources, That tentative
programme has been in the main carried
out, or at least the Government has at-
tempted to carry it out despite persistent
disorders and terrorist attempta.

To-night persons in a position to obtain
information equally accurate declare that
the Cear’s departure from the country is
an accomplished fact, that hie family is
safely clear of Ruasia, and that while be will
not imitate King James’s flinging of Eng-
land’s great seal into the Thames he will
from outside hia realm offer to his people
what he is unable to offer under the pres-
sure of the bureaucracy at home.

Tus Son's informant says that if the
Czar goes to Copenhagen with his wife
the subsequent developments will be as
have been indicated.

 

FRESHMAN, ELEVEN YEARS OLD.

Precocious Son of Prof. Weiner of Harvard
Enters Tufts College.

Meprorp, Masza., Sept. 22.—The freshman
class at Tufts is distinguished by the pres-
ence as a member of the youngest collegian
in the United States. Norbert Weiner, 11,
the son of Leo Weiner, assistant professor
of Slavonic languages at Harvard, is the
lad. He lives with his parents at Medford
Hillside and bas before attracted attention
because of his precocious mental tempera-
ment.

The boy's father, who has been in this
country twenty-five years and at Harvard
nearly eleven years, was born and edu-
cated in Russia. His mother is a native

 

Weatern woman, When Norbert was 18°

months old he knew his alphabet. When
8 years old he was reading Darwin, Huxley
Ribot and Haeckel.

Three years ago, when the family lived in
Cambridge, and the lad was in the third
grade of school, the father wanted him
promoted to the eighth grade. He had
had six months teaching in a kindergarten
and a year in the elementary grades.

The school authorities did ‘not agree
with the father, and a little later the family
moved to the town of Medford. Here the
boy passed the examination and entered
the third year in the Ayer High School,
graduating last June at the head of bis clans;
numbering about twenty pupils,

er)

PERILOUS RIDE ON A FLYER.

 

Man Hangs By Hands and Toes White
Train Goes 133 Miles.

Uppsr Sanpvaky, Ohio, Sept 23.—Nearly
crazed with fear and unable to speak, James
Smith of Fort Wayne, Ind., was resoued
from a perilous position on the side of the
eighteen-hour Pennsylvania flyer, after a
ride of 183 miles from Fort Wayne in 183
minutes last night. He rode that distance
hanging by his hands and toes.

Smith is accustomed to ride home by
catching hold of a handle at the end of a
coach and placing his toes on the edge of
the lower step. As ihe Myer coaches are
vestibuled, the footing is insecure and the
position dangerous, as it is necessary to
lean back.

Smith expected to get off when the train
slowed up at a crossing, but on Friday the
train was running forty miles an hour, and
he did not dare jump. He could do nothing
but hold on until discovered, and not until
Upper Sandusky was reached was he ob-
served, He was so weak that he was just
about to drop off. He said after regaining
speech that he could remember passing
only two towns. The train passed through
a dozen.

LEW FIELDS'S

Third Avenue Car Hits It on Way to the
Garage —Gasolene Fiames Up.

An automobile belonging to Lew Fields,
the actor, was struck by a northbound Third
avenue car at Eighty-fourth street last
night and hurled upon the sidewalk. The
gasolene tank exploded and set fire to the
machine. Arthur Fillion, the driver, was
thrown out when the collision oocurred,
but he managed to soramble to his feet and
turn off the valve, thus putting a etop to
the flow of gasolene.

Fillion, assisted by several men; extingu-
| guished the flames. The car was damaged

f the extent of gron and had to be towed
to @ garage on enty ais street

Fillion had taken Mr. Fields from his
home at 884 West Eighty-eighth street to
the Herald Square Theatre and was making
for the garage on Eighty-sixth street when
the ident ocourred. He swung into
Third avenue from Eighty-fourth street
and didn't gee the car sogecoching.

The collision and the following explosion
caused a scare among the passengers on
the car, which was an open one, and there
was a scramble to get to the street. No
one was injured.

Son of Police Capt. Ryan Ordained a Priest.
Archbishop Farley yesterday morning

 

AUTO SMASHED.

 

 

 

 

in the Cathedral ordained three young '

students from the Diocesan Se
Dunwoodie to the hood, among t

Rey. Edwin an, son of ex-Police
Capt. Ryan. All three

will say their first

. The two others were

the Rev. Father § and the Rev. Father

Rossi. Father Even will say hia first masse

in the Cat! at 11 o’ciook in the pres-

ence of Archbishop Farley and hundreds
of friends of the Ryan family.

DEWEY’. “BRUT CUVER” CHAMPAGNE.
ite Quality. spore and Dryness are Superb.
> y Co., 188 Fulton St., New York,

at

 

=
4
F
4
é
*

wy Ait. 4 ,
eta eT

oe: Sea ee a

 

 

ight, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association, —

NEGRORS SHOT LIKE DOGS.
TEN KILLED AND ABOUT FIFTY
WOUNDED IN ATLANTA.

 

 

Afeaulls on White Women Arouse & Murders
ous Mania in the Town—Not One Mob
but Many in Vartous Parte of the City
he the Werk Meany Negroes Clabhed.

ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 32.~Ten dead negroes
aud probably half a hundred persons suf
fering from more or leas serious wounds
in the result of a lynohing mania which
seized upon the white people of Atlanta to-
night. It was caused by criminal assaults
on three white women which followed one
another in quick succession shortly. after
8 o'clock to-night. The Atlanta whites have
been greatly incensed against the negroes
because of nine axsaults committed in the
last two months on white women by negroes,
and the three assaults to-night were suf-
ficient to put the mob spirit in action.

As soon as the assaults were announced
by the night extras the ory of “Kill the
negroes!” was heard in every section of the
city and the deadly work began. There
was not one great mob but scores of amall
mobs made up of young men and half grown
boys operating against the negroes in vari-
ous sections of the city. Wherever a negro
waa seen he was made the target for bullets,
knives, sticks, shovels and every other
Weapon that was obtainable. Several of the
negroes were literally beaten to death.
Most of the negroes killed met their doom
in. street cars. The mobs would watch
for the cars and when a negro was seen
inside the car would be stopped and the
negro either killed or beaten half
death.

Two negroes were killed on a Forsyth
street car in plain view of the editorial
rooms of the Atlanta (Constitution. The
mob saw two negro men on the oar, ac-
companied by two women. They were
captured. The negro women were forced
to get out and the negroes were shot to
death.

There did not seem to be a grown man in
the mob. The lynchers in thie particular
party would not average over 20 years in
age.

The police were powerless against the
various mobs which were operating in
widely scattered sections of the city, and
eo far an the negroes were concerned the
police officers might as well have not been
in existenoe. The street car people, however,
caught on to the tactics of the mob in watoh-
ing for cars going into the negro quarters
and in consequence every car was stopped,

At the Piedmont Hotel in the heart of the
city Police Commissioner English, who is
president of the Fourth National Bank,
made an impassioned plea for a big mob to
disperse, but he might as well have talked
to the wind.

to

He was answered by cries of
“Kill the negroes! They won't leave white
women alone until they are dead!”

 

SHERMAN RENOMINATER.

 

The Utica Congressman Gives His Views
on the Issue of Labor in Politics.

Urtca, Sept. 22.—James 8. Sherman of
this city, chairman of the Republican Con-
greasional campaign committee, was this
afternoon given his tenth nomination by
the Republicans of Oneida and Herkimer
counties, composing the Twenty-seventh
district. City Judge James K. O'Connor,
who is a candidate on a tabor platform
ageainet Mr. Sherman, ie conduoting a vigor-
ous fight, and Mr. Sherman in his apeech
of acceptance expressed himself on the
subject of labor as follows:

“We are confronted this campaign with
a new issue, or I might say a new idea
concerning an old issue. It is called ‘Labor
in politics.’ I was asked to contribute a

short article to a newspaper symposium

on Labor Day in answer to the question
whether the laboring man should take part
in politics and legislation. I did not heai-
tate to answer: it was urinecessary to pon-
deroverit. Isimply said: “Most decidedly
should the laboring man take an interest
in politios and in legislation,’ for I believe
the greater the interest he takes the larger

will be the Republican majority. t

when, I should like to ask, hae 6)

man not taken an interest in itive a

legislation? Who of us are not laboring

men? Some of us work with our hande,
© with our heads, some with both,
very voter, with rare exceptions, is and

always has been a laboring man. It does
not matter whether he wo on the farm
or in the factory, on a railroad or at a desk,
in the school room or in the court room.
Godspeed to every well directed effort,
say I, to elevate the plane of labor, to better
wages, to improved homes, to more of
education, more of the comforts of life,
more of ite luxuries, ite pastimes, to bring
into each life more of happiness and hope.

laborin

 

CHILTON FOR SENATOR.

 

Texas was printed here this evening to the
effect that friends of ex-Senator Horace

Senator.”
“Is there any contingency which would
j = ou to become a@ candidate against

!
|
“I do not care to talk about the matter.”

 

 

Sereno E. Payne Reneminated.

Gunnva, Sept. 22.—The Republican Con-
gressional convention here to-day retiom-
inated Sereno E. Payne for the twelfth
e reviewed Republican
ements and assai

Gov ernmens

term. Pa:
gress ach

of raion

Con-

ne

 

 

———

’

oe

oa ee

FORTY PA

pany mn ae ee

METZ HELPS IN ARREST.

Youth Tells Comptrotior of 6100 Jestiing
om a Car—One Man Whe Ran Caught.

Comptroller Meta, accompanied by one of
hte . A, BR. Andreae of 212 West
115th street and an out of town friend who
io otayinig at the Waldorf, but whose name
the Comptroller wouldn't give, were walking
down Fifth avenue from. the Demo-
cratio Chib at 12:30 o’clook this morn-
ing, when were approached at
Thirty-fourth street by an e@xoited youth
who managed to explain that he had just
been robbed by a gang of pickpockets on
a Thirty-fourth street crosstowa car. He
pointed towari Thirty-fifth street, in which
direction two men were legging it at a fast

 

pace.

While the Comptroller's two friends
went in pursuit of the men, he pulled out a
police whistle and nearly biew his lungs
out. One of the mef was caught at Thirty-
fifth street, and when no response came
to the whistle Mr. Metz and his friends
started toward the Tenderloin station with
their man.

At Broadway they met Policeman Buok,
who was just going off duty. He took the
prisower in tow, and the whole party went
to the station house.

When they reached there, the complain-
ant said he Was Fred Neier of 186 East
Fifty-sizth street. He said he was jostled
by three men at Broadway, and that when
the car reached Fifth avenue he discovered
that his pocketbook containing $100 was gone
The men he suspected then jumped off
the car and he gave chase, The prisoner
said he was Louia Cohen, a fruit ler,
of 167 Attorney street. No money” was
found on him.

SHEVLIN'S WINGS CLIPPED.
Mol aughiin’s Old Lieutenant to Be Deposed

From Demecratio State Committee.
James Shevlin, who was for many years
the most trusted lieutenant of the late
Hugh McLaughlin in his management of

 

 

the Democratic organization in Brooklyn
and who*has been the leader of the Wil-
loughby Street element in the party since
Mr. MoLaughliin’s death, will be a delegate
in the new county committee from the
Tenth Assembly district.

There was no contest at the primary in
this district, Senator McUarren having de-
cided to leave Thomas F. Farrell in control,
although be had opposed him at the two pre-
ceding primary fighw. Farrell realizes that
the supremacy of McCarren cannot be dis-
turbed and will now take his place in the
solid organization column.

Mr. Shevlin is to lose his chief political
distinction as State committeeman from
the Sixth district, it having been arranged
that he is to be sucoeeded by Martin E.
Butler, MoCarren’s representative in the
Twelfth Assembly district.

That Comptroller Herman A. Metz ie going
to take en active interest in the affairs of
the party has been manifested by his eleo-
tion aa a te to the county commitice
from the Tenth district.

SAYS MEXICANS ARE IN REVOLT.

dunia’s Newspaper at El Paseo Sele Auther-
ity fer the Repert.

Ex. Paso, T ex. Sept. 22.—La Reforma, pub-
lished here by Laure Aguirre, local repre
éentative of the St. Louis Mexican revolu-
tionary junta, issned an extra this afternoon
bearing the following:

“CoaTZACOALCos, Mexico, Sept. 22.—-The
people of Minatitlan, Suchil, San Juan,
Exquimula and San (ieronimo have pro-
nounoed afd risen againat Diaz. The gar-
rison of Federal troops has joined them.
The uprising will at once apread to Vera
Cruz, Tabasoo and Chiapas.”

Aguirre says the message came in cipher.

 

 

TYPHOON HITS PHILIPPINES.

Smalt Gynbeat Driven Ashore—Istand
a Telegraph Lines Down.
Special Catle Despatch to Tas Sen.

Mania, Sept. 22..-The Philippines were
visited by a typhoon to-day.

South of Manila the telegtaph wires are
down, and the arsenal and shipping at Cavite
have suffered.

The gunboat Arayat, a 137 ton vessel,
whioh was taken from Spain, is ashore.,

FINED FOR KISSING HER CHILD.

Divorced Mother Punished by a” Ottawa
Magistrate.

Orrawa, Sept. 22.—Mrs. Elizabeth Crowe
of Aberdeen, 8. D., im the police court here
to-day was fined $3 for kissing her own
child, She was some years ago the wife of
Dr. V. H. Lyon of Ottawa. Judge McCoy
of South Dakota granted Lyon a divorce
and gave him the custody of the little girl.

Mrs. Crowe, while visiting here, saw the
child on the street and kissed her, and ‘ne
husband made a charge of assault, which
was upheld by the magistrate.

 

 

 

 

DUTCH TROOPS KILL 400.

Capture Village im the Fast Indies After
a Rattle.
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

Tue Haaur, Sept 22.—An official tele-
gram from the Dutch East Indies says that
the Dutch troops have taken a village in
the province of Badong, on Bali Island,
capturing two chiefs and followers and
women and children.

About 400 natives were killed in a last
sortie that they made with the lance. The
Dutch lost four killed and an officer and nine
soldiers wounded.

DEMANDS

Spanish Presec ulor's Case Against Maa
Whe Aided Bomb Throwers.
Speetal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun
MaygprD, Sept. 22.—-The trial of the per-
ons accused of having been implicated in
the plot against the lives of the Ki i
E ich culminated in the ‘eon
throwing on their wedding day, May. $1,
will in to-morrow.
tam naan | vorr went 2 a yr od
‘errer r of
anarobistic school at Barcelona, who “\e
thrower, in arra: aan aa ae
4, a
with José Nakens, editor of the

 

 

DEATH SENTENCE,

 

| Bl Motin, to shelter Moral and aid

im to eseape after the bomb had
4 Nakens carried out hie part te
| pro and net him the prose-

Cater will ack & sow
| prisonment.

President Cassatt Has Wheeping Cough.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22.—President Cas-
satt of the Pennsylvania Railroad is re
covering from an attack of whooping
cough contracted from his grandeon
Robert. He caught the disease while
stopping at Bar Harbor.

Aa Ae

< t

moe of nine years im-

 

 

_ fiemar,.
Showers, followed by fair’ to-day;
fair-to-morrow.

 
  

ee ss

%

Surranssn 33, 1908.

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

     
 

 

IT INVOLVES THE EXISTENCE OF
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.

 

The Delegates From New York and Kings
@nly Can Saye It From Being Delive
ered Over to Hearst—Jerome Warmly
Greeted All Aleng the Way te Buffaie
—Me Pesiger te Give Out Anything ,
for Publication Until Mayer MoWiciias
Arrives=Only 106 Hearst Delegates,

Burrato, Sept. 23.—With District Attore
ney Jerome aboard; accompanied by Johi®:
A. Henneberry and other Democr i
friends, the Empire State Express shot
to Albany this morning in @ brutal reine,
storm. The train streaked into the Albany:
station, where Mr. Jerome was greeted byt.
a bunoh of Democrats. The train w |
into Utica, where that fine old ;
E. Prentiss Bailey, grasped the band of Med
Jerome *and wished him godspeed. ag
Syracuse and at Rochester and finally at
o'clock this evening, when Mr. J
and his friends arrived at the Iroquois,
Hotel, the same earnest greetings were f

It was particularly a fine sight to wi !
the “meeting with that white haired»)
sturdy old Democrat, Mr. Bailey, and :
observe how earnestly he talked with Mr,
Jerome and how gravely be urged thig’
militant young Democrat to make ;
presence felt at the Democratic State cons |
vention which is to assemble here on Tuese!
day. Mr. Bailey all his life has been fof}
decent Democratic politics. He has
vast experience, his temper is kindly,
thoughts are all for the benefit of the Demo
cratic party in its highest sense; and there,
he was out in the bursting rainstorm
grasp the hand of Mr. Jerome, a far you! ;
man but just as earnest and with j
as high thoughts for the future of they
Democratic party as that noble old veterans

Mr. Jerome decided to-night after talkel
ing with a number of Democrats not to
say anything for publication until Mayor
McClellan arrives to-morrow night and
until these two sturdy young Democrats
could have further consultations with
those who have not been beguiled from the
straight path of Democracy by the unhappy
fallacies which have been promulgated for
ulterior purposes.

There is to.be a stern fight heré. This
convention is to be no picnic. It looks
to-night as if there would not be a line
of bumor in it. The preliminary work of
the convention promises to be bitter in the
extreme. The Hearst people are already
on the ground. Max Ihmsen, Mr. Hearst's
chief manager, has been in consultation
with Finky Conners all day. Most of the
time they have fired their vitriolic barrels
at Norman E. Mack. Mr. Mack has fired
back, and evidently he is quite capable of
taking care of himself.

The Hearst League have extensive head~
quarters in the Ellicott Building. These
headquarters are the most expensive in the
city. Everything about the Hearst move-
ment here is displayed. Everything indi-
cates vast expenditure of the long green.
The Hearst shouters seem to have bigger
lungs than anybody has ever heard of.
For antics they remind one of a bunch of
wildcats, Their hand is against every-
body and everybody's hand seems to be
against them. If Hearst fails to get th®
indorsement of this convention he must
hang up his harp so far as his Presidential
aspirations are concerned for 1903.

The only spark of humor in the situation
is the heroulean efforts of Mr. Hearst and
hia lieutenants to secure for him the in-
dorsement of the Democratic organization.
of the State, an organization which he has
denounced and derided and held up to
contumely and contempt. The Hearst peor
ple are to fight night and day for this ine:
dorsement. They are to leave no stone
unturned to get it. They now pro@laim
that they must bave it or Mr. Hearst will
be sent to the wall and William J. Bryan
will again be the Democratio Presidential
candidate two years hence. Mr. Bryan
has a number of friends here and they said
to-night that a resolution would be intro-
duced in the convention giving it to be the
sense of the convention that Mr. Bryan
should be nominated by the Democrats in
1908. Just what the fate of thai rosclution
will be remains to be seen.

A great deal depends on the result of the
meeting of the Democratic State come
mittee at the Iroquois Hotel Monday night.
At that time the committée will select the
temporary chairman of the conventions.
The State committee makes up the pree
liminary roll of delegates to the conven-
tion and already the Hearst people are
putting up a fight to compel the State come
mittee to name a temporary chairman
who will be friendly to their cause, It
is not believed that the Hearst people can
capture the Democratic State committee.
it was said very pointedly to-night that -
never in Cord Meyer's life will he be called
upon for more sand and nerve than he will
Monday night. Mr. Meyer is chairman of
the State committee, apd in past years
has been known for courage and consistency.
The Democrats who believe in Democracy
and who do not want the party organization
in the State turned over to a guerrilla or-
ganization believe to-night that John B.
Stanchfield of Elmira or ex-Mayor Thomas
M. Osborne of Auburn should be the tem-
porary chairman of the convention.

At Saratoga several years ago the party
had to confront Bill Devery and his Devery-
ites from New York county. These Devery-
ites and the Hearstites are identical in their
methods of political procedure. They be-
lieve in sawdust and hot air and plenty of
it. But when Big Bill Devery and his crowd
at Saratoga essayed to run that Democratic
State convention Mr. Stanchfield thumped
them out of the hall with his gavel, at the
same time proclaiming that “this convention
will not be run by a crowd of bullies and
thugs.”

Ex-Mayor Osborne is a delegate from
Cayuga county. He made a famous speeclr
at the Jerome conference in Albany on
September 5. Mr. Osborne showed in this
speech that he is a man of mettle and that
none of the Hearst bullies or thugs here
could frighten him. Mr. Osborne did not
hesitate to say at Albany a few things which
had not up to that time received special
mention. As a matter of fact, speaking
of the Hearst movement, Mr. Osborne
said at Albany:

“We voice, moreover, our sense of out-
rage over the practices which have been an¢
are still being carried on all over the State
im an attempt to forestall and determine
the action of the Democratic convention.
We have seen hired agents parade over the

* J ipes

,

ed

ao