a ee ee

eed

 

 

 

anes

Cee ee ee ee ao aeeeeeineel

—————

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

os

Sen eee

2 ES EE LE LE Be Ee Ie SE ae eee Sse eC cee rh ere rh rmrmrrhOhrhC

 

4
i
;
e
nt
|
i
‘

eT ee ears

ae eens

Sa ail ee reer y Sea

ar

Oe es

a0

ee ee

ud

+ Cait: nelle Re a ek = ER we

Bese

bij ails b tsa if ee

* ete Se SEL

22 SEs ce be

ou

75%

tides et bess A

“>

6A sees mist

“ pecret that

_ able to capture up-State conventions and

ose

, ehodting out im terme rising from

extravagance to blaspremy the merita of

their millionaire emplqxer; we have agen
caucuses snapped, asim Broome, Chéu-
tauqua, Cortland and other counties; prox-
jes forged, as in Orleans county; conven-
na purchaned, as in Wayne county; dele-
gates openly bribed for slut and, disorder,
as in Jefferson county; an attempt to deceive

a whole community by a muzzled press, as
in Erie county; newspapers’ Slackmailed, as:
in Monroe and Onondaa’ counties; and
who can estimate the amount of lying.
blackmail, bribery corrupt promises
necess ry to make such a kind of campaign
exen partially successful?” d

The two most important committees of
the convention will those of credentials
and platform. Should Hearst capture the
peelimirary organization: of the conyert-
tion he would be in position to seat all those
delegates who have been elected by the
m' 8 described in Mr. Osborne's speech
at Albany, and then, too, the Hearst people
would be in ——— to @nunociate a plat-
form steeped in ‘socialism and anarchy.
In. many. conventions the committee on
credentiala and the committee on resolu-
tians, ara considered more than ordinarily
important, but never before in, the histo
of :the Democratic party of the State o
New York will these two conmnittees be
called ‘ation to exercis® a more ‘potent im-
Stance for good or for lasting ditaster. —

e or — o ~ orveities

romiss to be thoro y Mearstian. In
g word they are the “mechoda of a wild
cat) They claw hers and olaw there, caring
little for consequences except to their own
skins. One of the methods of the Hearst |
people will be to substitute Hearstiter of
more than usual viciousness for delegates
controlled by Hearst who do not promise
to pan out. - A :
_ $rethis way the Hearst people propore
4 substitute ex-Representative rancis

. Shober of New York and Willfam F.
Mackey of Buffalo, :

who have nothing to
love and everything to gain if Hearst should |
become Governor of the State, ‘The Hearst |
ple in a word want all the bitter speakers
hey can mke apd scrape up to go into the
convention and make things howl. Two can
lay .at that game, though, and it wassaid |
Poenight that it may be necessary for Mayor
McClellan “dnd District Attorney Jerome |
to be substituted in the place of two other:
delogates, for it is very generally remarked
that Mayor: MeOlellan with his earnest
viice and dominant intellect and District
Attérmey Jerome, with his habit of speech,
a r to his enemies, would not hesitate |
tigen the Hearst people in lively fashion. |
} sorts of claims have been put out by |

 

the Hearst people as to their preliminary
strength in the convention, They are ,
not bound by the every day rule of mathe:
matics. ‘They believe’in the Chandler ery:
*Claim everything and thay ery fraud.” ~ .

No matter what Mr. Hearst says, no mat-
ter svhat hia. mandgeérs claim, no matter
what, }'ingy. Conners says, the following
fen truthful schedule of the situation:

Anti-Hearst and Uninetructed Delegation
—Albany, 9; Cayuga, 3; Clinton, 2; Erie, 27;
Essex. 2 Franklin, 3; Genessee, 3; Herkimer,
8;. dolorson,, 6; Kings, 60; Livingston, 3;
Madison, 3 Monroe, 8; “Nassau, 3; Oneida,
9; Onondaga, 6; Ontario, 8; Oswego, 3; Put-
nim, 3; Queens, 12; Rensselaer, 6; Richmond,
3; Rockland, 3; St. Lawrence, 3; Saratoga, 3;
Schenectady, 3; Schoharie, 2; Schuyler, 3;
Suffolk, 6; Sullivan, 3; ‘'ompkins, 3; Ulster,
6; Washington, 3; Westchester, 12. Total, 239.

For Hearst--Allegany, 3; Broome, 3;
Cattaraugus, 3; Chautaugua, 6; Chenango,
8; Columbia, 3; Cortland, 3; Delaware, 3;
Dutchess, 6; Fulton and Hamilton, 3; Greene,
8; Lewis, 3; Monroe, 9; Montgomery, 3;
Niagara,, 6; Onondaga, 3; Orange, 6, Or-
leans, 3; Otsego, 3; St; Lawrence, 3; Scho-
larie, 1; Seneca, 3; Steuben, 6; Tioga, 3;
Warten, 3; Wayne, 3; Wyoming, 3; Yates, 3;
Total, 106.

New York county, with 105 delegates,
undecided.

It is known that while the nine delegates
from Oneida are uninstructed they are
rather partial to Hearst, and that the three
delegates ffom Oswego are not altogether
unfriendly to him and that eventually
he | get some support from Erie, but
the ual figures to-night are given in
the foregoing schedule. .

The fate of this convention rests upon
the verdict to be given ‘by the Democrats
of New York city, especially of New York
and..Kings oounties. The r nsibility
résting upon the shoulders of Charles F.

rphy of Tammany Hall perhaps is not
readily understood by him. Mr. Murphy
is not by any means in the same class as a
Tammany leader with John Kelly or Rich-
ard Croker. At no time in Mr. Kelly's
career did he refuse to. take counse] with |
friends who could have no other interest
save the advancement of Mr. Kelly and
Tammany Halil. Mr. Kelly departed from
this rule once in 1879, bolted a Democratic
State conventicn and turned the State over
to the Republicans. Tammany did not
recover from that blow until two years
later. Richard Croker never refused, save
once, to heed the advice of disinterested
friends.

That was in the campaign of 1898, when

 

 

™~Mr. Croker sacrificed a Democratic candi-

date for Governor by refusing to renomi-
nate Supreme Court Justice Daly. Au-
gustus Van Wyck would surely have been
elected Govetnor that year in the estima-
tion of many Democrats, and it is not a
heodore Roosevelt, the vic-
torious candidate for Governor in that year,
believed at one time that had the campaign
lasted ten days longer VanWyck would have
been elected, despite Mr. Croker’s conduct
in the Daly affair.

ere are no political rhapsodies here.
No political sentiment finds a lodging spot
in, the minds of these practical mo-
crats: Yet it must be said that there are
sentimentalists here who ep»xke with some-
thing akin to pathos to-night when they
remarked that they never thought to see
the day when the party of Martin Van
Buren, Marcy, Seymour and Tilden would

~ have to ficht for its very exiatence against

® candidate of a querilla convention, whose |
theories and sayings are without a single

basic Democratic principle, To these old

line Democrats the situation here is pecul-

iarly distressing.
State of ours,” and want to know if ft is
to be turned over to such a man as Hearst.
iy them the Hearst movement is incredi-
ble, and they could not, they declare,
uhderstand ahything about it until they
read ex-Mayor Osborne's speech at Albany.
Moreover, they say they cannot understand
why Mr. Murphy of

utterly stupid and utterly without Demo-
cratic conscience.
crate go on to say that Mr. Murphy cannot
injure the up-State organizetion by ecm'nr
out for Hearst helf as-much as he can
smash Tammany Hall for fifty yearatocome.
These Democrats who have been with the

rty since Tilden’ time. say. that Mr.

urphy and Tammany never had a finer
opportunity to reha »ilitate the estimation of |
the State and nation than to come out
flat foote1 for a sound Democratic candi-
date in this convention.

The- prejudice of the Democrats against
Tammany in the minds of those now alive
to-day began with the Tweed ring’ ex-
pasures, and was intensified by the atti-
tude of John Kelly in 1879 and Richard |
Croker in 1898, and now Mr. Murphy, it is
eeclared, is dribbling along, shuffling,
hesitating, thinking only of himself and
nothing whatever of the future of Tam-
many and still leas of the city of New York.
Just as sure as Mr. Murphy gives any en-
couragement to the Hearst movement,
Democratic solons say, just so sure will
New York city reject Hearst, reject the
Hearst Vemocracy and turn the city over
to the Republican party.

Mr. Hearst, it was learned to-night on
unquestionable authority, has had his
henchmen from Illinois and other States
especially Texas, going over the State of
New York into every county for the last
six months. These Hearst henchmen are
net voters in the State, byt they are ex-

rts in political thuggery, and it is with
hone agtnts that Mr.

Hearst hes been

turn the celegates in his favor.

The Erie county delegation at a pro-
tracting meeting to-night selected Edward
E. Coatesworth chairman of the delegates
in the convention and reelected State
Committeeman John J. Kennedy, H. P.
Burgard and Matt ©. Hetzig. Mr. Coates-
worth is a strong anti-Hearst man |

(

-—
feniter Cordts Renominaied.
Kixnostox, Sopt. 22.—At Coxsackie this
afternoon John N. Cordt« of thie city wa;
renominate| by the Repullieans of the
Twenty-fifth district, comprising Greens
and Ulster counties, for State Senator. }

   

| said VYilliame.

They speak of “this dear | Risse

Tammany can for a | other districts. The Murphy men bed re-
minvte hesitate in his course unless he be ceived orders as to this, it was raid. ,

These old line Demo- | missioner William B. Ellison were among

ee ee

    
 

ride ot

Yee

  

‘
wo

run TANEANT COTES.

aoe : ee

\MURPHY HAS NOMINALLY 87

OF THE+105 DELEGATES,

 

But Not on the Hearst Proposition—Two
Beaten Leaders Exciude the Winners
From the Cemention Halls—Other-
wise Everything) Was Very Peaceabie. i

Although Charles \F. Murphy elected a |
hommal majority of the delegates to the
Democratic, State convention at Buffalo
at the Assembly district conventions held
last night nobody pretends that they all
stand with him on the proposition to
turn the entire delegation over to ,
under the unit rule. Moses will not be
counted on ‘this until the caucus to be held
at Buffalo Monday night.

Of the 106, delegates: from this county,
three to a district, fifty seven are known as
Murphy men azid will represent the districts !
carried by Murphy at the primaries on
Tuesday: That would be a sufficient num-
ber, of course, providing none of them
balked, to clap on the unit rule and throw
the vote to Hearst, but until the caucus
nobody can be sure how many will balk.

Contesting delegations were elected in
four districts, the Seventeenth, Nineteenth,
Thirtieth and Thirty-fifth. In the first
three districts named the contesting dele-
gations are made up of Murphy men and
they will claim the right to be represented
in the caucus. That would give Murphy
nine more votes possibly, but it isn’t likely
that this claim will be recognized, as such
contests are left to the convention.

In the Seventeenth district, where R. D.
Williams, the. McClellan candidate, beat |
Matt Donohue at. the primaries, two con-
ventions were held in the same cl ubhouse.
The regular convention was set for 8:30
o'clock and the place Guagnane under the
law was the Nameoki Club at 233 West
400th street, which is Donohue’s headquar-
ters.

Williams, the elected leader, went to the
clubhouse with his brother at 6:30 and
found Donohue on the st Donohue
blocked their way and asked them what
er proposed to do.

“J'm the elected Jeader of this district
end wé propose to hold a convention here,”
Donohue talked it.over a
few mfnutes with his lieutenants and then
told. Williams he could use the second floor
of the club for his conventian.

A lot of le had expected trouble
and while the argument was going on
between the twe leaders a@ econ bloeked
the street. Pretty soon thirty policemen |
came along, went imto the club and formed |
in line from the second floor to the street. }
Rverybody who went in had to. paa&s through
this “line of 4 A lot of. superfluous
handy men tried to force their way in, but
— stood out in front and prevented
them.

The Donohue meh made. no trouble.
Williams passed all his men up to the sec-
ond floor. The Donohue men gathered
in a room on the first floor and after about
a hundred had been passed in the doors
were locked and a convention was held
at which these delegates were named to go
to Buffalo and make the contest; Matthew
F. Donohue, John W. Russell and George

 

W. Bauchle. They said they would present
evidence of fraud at the primaries and
that they expected to be The

McClellan men did not have the same cour-
tesies extended to them in the Nineteenth,
which is Fire Commissioner O'Brien's dis- j
trict. The place designated for the con-
vention was 70 Manhattan street, where J.
J. Hahn, one of the two Murphy candidates
for leader who were defeated, has his
headquarters. When James Ahwarn, the
leader elected at the primaries by the
McClellan side, showed up with 54 of the 56 |
delegates, Hahn and hisymen siood at the
entrance refused to allow the Ahearn |
men to go in. |

Finally the doors were closed and locked |
in the faces of the McClellan men. |

The Ahearn followers kicked on the door
and demanded admittance.

“What's your business?” shouted out a
Hahn man through the keyhole. The
‘Ahearn people said they had come to elect
delegates.

hall's engaged. Git!” said the
Hahn men through the crack.

The Ahearn men decided that the door-
way was as good a place as any for a con-
vention that would meet the legal require-
ments, so they convened there and e
a temporary organization.
resolved to adjourn to the Ahearn club-
house at 358 West 118th street, where the
regular.delegation was ele: °

In the meantime the Hahn men, with
their castle barred, proceeded to hold
their own convention and named these |
delegates: ;

Charles Hahn, James F. Reilly, Timothy
Dempnsy. the Murphy men in the Thirtieth,
followed exactly the same tactics, forcin
the Nagle men to convene on the steps o
their clubhouses. The Mohawk (lub, the
headquarters of John F .Cowan, had been
designated. Cowdn and his followers
got there early and kert out the Nagle men |
by locking the doors. After completing |
a temporary organization on the stoop |
the Nagle men held the rest of their con-
vention in Nagle’s tess at the)
Kanawha Club. The Nagle men were in- |
structed to vote in the convention for any |
one favored by George B. McClellan —

The Cowan men named the following as
their delegates: John F. Cowan, Wallace |

 

 

Fraser, William J. Ellis.’

tQJoseph i. Berry: the new Park Com-

issioner of thé Bronx, who wie defeated

for the leadership of the Thirty-fifth As- |
sembly district by William E. Morris, |
elected three delegates in his clubhouse |
next door to the Tammany organization }
They are €ommissloner |

headquarters.
a, J. Marron and Touia A. |

Berry, Joseph

j -, They. were instructed for Sulzer.
Thev will fight for recognition in the con-
vention.

In the First district, Ten Firn’s, the
delegates were instructed to ative Ly tke
unit rule if it was decided upon. Finn is
with the Sullivans.

No instructions were given in any cf the

Fire Commissioner O'Brien and Com- |

hree delegates ramed in the. Nire-
teenth. Frank M. O’Brien, the Mayor's
secretary, will go from the Fifteenth,
Hacan’s district. Payre Whitney is a dele-
gate from the Twenty-ninth. - Lewis Nixcn
and Congressman Rcurke Ceckran were
named to go with Mr. pe from his, |
own district the Twelfth. John C. Sheehan |
who has been formally reinstated in the |
fold, was named in the Twenty-fifth. In |
most cases the district leaders will head |
the dele vations,

The following are the celegates elected,
he straight Murphy men being marked |
“M":

the t

Dist

 

Dist

1—Nante' F. Fina. 18s—J.V. Corgey.M
T. 1). Sullivan Jacob Maris, M. |
Jonn For WS. Geel, M

2—Wiillam J. Riordan, ' 19- James Alien, |
A.J. Ujkus J. O'Lirten

* M. Saltanstein W. Bi) ison.

eT. P Sullivan 20—J, T. Metall, M.

 

H. Blumenthal, M,
Geo. Schwegier, M.
21—Jas. J. Walsh,
K. Cooper, M:

William Sulzer

John T. Oakley
4~John F. Ahearn.

P. J. Scully 4

H. M, Goldfogle. Patrick Cotter, M.
c—Chas. W. Culkin 22—Wm. Sinnott, M.

Richard Fitzpstrick R. S. Wagner, M

John F. Caragher. Wm. H. Russell, M |
6 Patrick Keenan 23--T. F. McAvoy, M.

Jd, J. Stringer. L, McLaughiin, M |

David Lazarus, M, J. leonard, M.

    
    
      

Pee | ee ae
at voy ee By tt)

HE,
ee Se

>)

                  
   

eter

  

Autumn’ Exhibition

   

Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday,
Sept. 24th, 25th, 26th.

SECOND FLOOR.
AN .EXHIBITION OF THE MOST APPROVED PARISIAN
MODELS AND OF OUR.OWN WORK ROOMS. COR.
RECT HEADWEAR FOR THE FALL SEASON.

a, oe on put
you are Coi

Millinery
|
|

$EEERELSESELELES EELS SSIS SESE SSS LISE SESS S SSIS

Women’s,

important Sale and Fall Pepe a

Skirts at prices much lower than elsewhere.

Suits

Harlem’s Best Suit Dept.—During the coming

week we will sell

new Fall model Suits in plain Broadcloths, Cheviots and mannish

mixtures in all sizes. Value 30.00 to 45.00.

Special at......

Hundreds of

fabric. Choice plaids and mixtures.
Dress and Shirt Waists in
Taffetas, Laces, Nets and Novelty Plaids

Delightful showing of

20.00 » 30.00

Coats in every conceivable shape and
oe! mixtures Special 9.95

Worth 15.00,

3.95 :- 40.00

West 125th St. 7th and 8th Ave.

 

 

 

1—F. J. Goodwin, M. 24—-P, Sullivan, M.
Sonn Noonan, R. E, Buckley, M
John Gordon Thomas Corker

&—F. J. Sullivan 25-—J. F. Prendergast. M.

John C. Sheehan,M.

George F. Scannell, M

James O'Brien.

Pp. J. Dooling, M. 26—D. F. Cohalan, M.
William Dalton, M. Thos. Kennedy, M.
PY. F. Glennon, M. Charles Firestone, M

10- Jullus Harburger. z—- James J Martin,

Wm, F, Curtis,

Willlam Sohmer.
Charles Norton,

Wm, R, Mitehell,

11—Hugh Rellly. 28—-N. J. Hayes.
Louls Wendel, Jr. J. F, Walsh
W. M. Kelly M. A. Seudi

i12—C. F, Murphy, M.
Louls Nixon, M.

Bourke Cockran, M. Payne Whitney.

13—James McEntegart,M.90— Percy E. Nagle.
T. C. O'Sullivan, M. Nick Dunn
D, P. Canavan, M. James Owens
14—W. J. Boyhan, M. 31—J. S. Bernstein, M

Wiliam J. Wright, M.

Thomas F. M.
“y % Thomas B. Le 7

Ernest Harvier, M.

15—James J. Hagan 32—E. J. McGuire,
Thos. C, T. Crain. Thos, O'Neill, M.
F, M. O'Brien, Geo, M. Walgrove.
16—F, J. Lantry 33-—-M. J. Garvan, M.
J. J, Harrington, Cc. G. F, Wahle, M. | +“
Jas. Masterson. J. J. Hickey, M. |
17—R. D, Williams. 34—A. H. Murphy, M.

T. J. O'Rourke, H. Bruckner, M.
J. L, Conway. Thos. Timpsoo, M.
3% —Wm., E. Morris, M.
Albert Liebenau, M.
Jas. A. Donnelly, M.

JUDICIARY TICKET MAKING.

 

 

Citizens’ Committee's Work In Brooklyn
—Favorites of the Sub-Committee.

The citizens’ committee of one hundred
which was formed three months ago in
Brooklyn to select eight candidates for
the judiciary ticket in the Second district,
for recommendation to the regular nomi-
nating parties, will meet next Thursday
night to hear the report of its committee
of fifteen, to which the hard job of choosing
the eight most available names from a
bunch of forty or fifty had been referred.
It was understood yesterday that the sub-
committee had wound up its labors and
that it had decided to recommend the in-
dorsement of four Democrats, three Re-

licans and one Independence Leaguer,
the list being as follows:

County Judge Frederick E. Crane (Rep.)

Abel E, Blackman (Rep.).

Michel Furst (Rep.).

Former County Judge William B. Hurd
(Dem.).

Isaac M. Kepper (Dem.)

Towneend Scudder (Dem.).

Howard R. Bayne (Dem.)

Henry A. Powell (Independent League

It is likely that there will be some revision
in the list before final action is taken |)
the committee of one hundred. It is sal
that Mr. Furst does not desire his name
to be used and that one or two others favored
by the sub-committee cannot command
a majority of the full committee. ;

The labors of the citizens’ committee
may all come to naught through the action
of the conventions which meet at Buffalo
and Saratoga on Tuesday, and it is more
than probable that there will be a full In-
dependence 1. 1¢ as well as a Dernocratio
and a Republican judiciary ticket in the
field.

It is well known that Senator McCarren
wants Luke D. Stapleton to be one of the
Democratic candidates and that the absence
of his name from the so-called citizen
ticket would make it unsatisfactory to him,
and it is also understood that "Timothy
L. Woodru, the Republican leader in Kings
county, would not approve the ticket of
the committee of fifteen in its entirety.

If the Hearstites launch a full ticket
it will be headed by Henry A. Powell. Alfred
E. Sander will be one of the other non. inees.

 

COMING TO DENOUNCE HEARST.

 

Roser Sullivan Starts for Buffalo at Nore
man E. Mack’s Request.

Cuicaco, Sept. 22.—Roger Sullivan,
National Democratic committeeman from
Illinois, and John P. Hopkins, his chief
lieutenant, the two Democratic leaders of
this State, left Chicago.to-night for Buffalo.
They went at the request of Norman E,
Mack of Buffalo, who wishes them to tell
the Democrats of New York the part that
William Randolph Hearst is playing in
Ilinois politics.

Before leaving Mr. Sullivan said:

“I will urge the Democrats of New York
to repudiate Hearst becauso he has been a
traitor to the party in Llinois. I do not see
how he can profess to be a Democrat in
one State and at the same time fight the
organization inanother State. We lilinois
Democrats cannot act with the Democrats
of New York in national affairs if they
indorse our bitterest opponent.

“Hearst cares nothing for party; all he
desires is to secure his own elevation.”

 

No Flerrst Delegates From Chemung County.

E_Mira, Sept. 22.—In the Democratic
county convention this afternoon the name
of Hearst was not mentioned, while that of
Bryan was cheered to the echo. John B.
Stenchfield, Daniel Sheehan and William
Lovell were relected as State delegates.
They are opposed to Hearst. Attorney
John Deneen was nominated for Assembly-
man. ‘On motion‘of former Speaker of
the Assembly Kobert Bush it was unani-
mously resolved not to use money at the
polls in November.

 

 

Earnestness has been a factor in the success of this establishment.

 

 

 

.., | MACK APPEALS T0 DEMOCRATS

 

OPEN LETTER TO NATIONAL AND
STATE COMMITTEEMEN.

 

Says Hearst Is a Candidate to Wrest From
Democracy Its Embiem, Its Party
Flag, and Declares It te Be the Duty
of the Committeemen te Repel Him.

Burrawo, Sept. 22.—National Committee-
man Norman E. Mack this morning issued
an open letter addressed individually to

| all members ef the Democratic national
| committee and the Democratic State com-~-

|

 

 

|

 

~_—

 

 

ce

uM. mittee of New York, in which he says:

The national committeeman is not willing
assist in the building up of another organ-
ization whose aim is to destroy the Demo-
cratic organization of this State and nation.
Individuals may engage in this business if
they see fit, but the national committeeman
has no right todo so even if he feels so inclined.

The State committee is the official head of
the party in the State. Upon the members of
the State committee in this State rests now
the absolute duty of repelling any invasion of
the party organization, no matter from what
source that invasion comes, no matter how
eminent may be the man who leads the inva-
sion.

William R. Hearst is not a candidate for the
Democratic nomination for Governor. He
is a candidate to wrest from Democracy its
emblem, its party flag and its traditions of
100 years. He seeks to become greater than
the Democracy in this State, and baving
wrenched from the official ballot the emblem
of Democracy he would set forth, with the
Empire State Democracy in ruins, to ruin the
party in the nation. Those who feel that the
time for Democracy to die has come, together
with those whose record in the past indicate
that they care not what party they affiliate
with so long as they \ndividually may survive,
can follow that lead.

For the national committeeman and the
State committeeman and the committeemen in
this city and county, as well as the committee-
men throughout the State, their duty is plain.
They are intrusted by the voters to protect
the party. They must either perform that
duty or resign their positions. To resign
would be even a greater betrayal, so that in
this crisis every fair minded man will recog-
nize that the duty of the Democratic officials

| is to stand by their guns to repel any invasion.

Mr. Hearst, under whose name the raid is
contemplated, has already declared his po-
sition, He has nominated his full State
ticket, He is on the stump and has been
since his nomination, declaring that the fight
he wil! make in this State for the Governorship
is under the banner of the Independence
League.

If it was the mission of the Democratic party
to pass into oblivion and become the asset of
another movement, it would long since have
falien under the attacks of Republicanism,
‘That it not ite mission. ‘This attempt will not
succeed, because the men intsusted with the
guidance and the preservation of the party
organization from Long Island to Chuatauqua
will stand to fulfil the trust reposed in them. |

Despite whatever personal abuse may be |
direcied at’ the national comniitteeman by |
Mr. Conners of others, Mr. Mack will insist !
upon performance of his duty, fearlessly, per- |
sistently and with all the energy and ability
Re possesses, and those who have chosen him
to be their national committeeman in the
State willhaveto say when he turns over that

 

 

 

trust’ “At least, he has kept the faith.”
NOT FOR HIGGINS. |
William CC. Warren of Buffalo Says It

Would Be Suicidal to Nominate Him.

Burra.o, Sept. 22.—William C. Warren,
the Republican State committeeman who
went down with Odell at therecent Re-
publican primaries in this city, had an
editorial in his newspaper, the Commercial,
to-day saying that it would be suicidal
for the Republicans to nominate Higgins.
He said:

“It is one thing for Gov. Higgins, with
the power of patronage and the assistance
of Messrs. Barnes, Aldridge, Hendricks,
Kilburn and Franchot, to secure the control
of the Republican State organization but
quite another thing as a candidate for re-
election to command the suffrages of the
whole Republican party or of those in-
dependent Democrats who may ba driven
from their party allegiance by the action
of the buffalo convention.

“His record on the Insurance Depart-
ment scandals is very vulnerable because,
although be fell into line for investigation
when jorsed to by public opinion, he ob-
stinately upheld and protected Hendricks,
the head of the department, condemned by
the Armstrong committee, merely because
he was a devoted political friend.

“It would be suicidal to think of nomi-
nating Higgins. (Certainly the Republican

rty cannot afford to choose so weak 4 man
or its leader this year.”

 

 

JEROME, M'CLELLAN EXPECTS.

 

The Mayor Of to Buffalo To-Day,
Not as & Delegate.

Mayor McClellan will start for Buffalo
this morning on the train leaving the Grand
Central Station at 8:45. He will be accom-
panied by his secretaries, Frank M. O'Brien
and William A. Willis. Mr. McClellan will
be present at the convention as a private
citizen and has refused to heed the pressure
which has been brought to bear upon him
during the last day or two to attend the
convention aa a delezate. The Mayor de-
clined to make any comment sonerter |
on the situation, except to repeat that he |
ox ed that District Attorney Jerome
would prove the ena candidate be- |

May

But

fore the convention. or would
not answer an inquiry as to whether in
the event of Mr. Jerome failing to land the '
nomination he might be incli to favor |
the nomi Sulzer,

nation
the candidate of the — —.

 

     
     
 
      

 
 

  
 
 
   
    
  
 
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
     
        
 
        
      
    

    
 
   

Each instrument is in perfect play-
ing condition. Im fact, it is sold un-
dor the same guarantes as a new in-
atrument. Most of the parts of an
Orchestrelle, not subject to wear,
last @ lifetime. Whatever parts are
worn in the slightest degree are re-
placed with new material.

Purchassble on very moderate monthly payments.
All prices abject to 101 cash discommt.

ORCHESTRELLES

   
    
 

   
   
  

 
 
 
   
  

322%

   
      
   
     
     
     
    
    
      
   
     
   
   
   
   
  
   

te

seyeseseeeeezeseeeee

a
it
wh “Mahogany

   

 

rk Mahogany ..
“Be Bates
—Dark hogany .
—Dark Mabogany
AEOLIANS
Grands .....- aida ly ipssats $750 { oes
gia, eta 2: 88

 

+E

   
        
     
     
  
  
  

  
    
 
    
  
 

   
    

  
  

by exchange.

The acquisition. .

man makes the opportan

(“The Home Orchestra”)

VALUES OFFERED IN

pleasure in this

ment. .
opportunity to exchange
awakened this enthusiasm
and more expensive styles.

the prices.

“ To give to a musical work an absolute
make clear the composer’s most intimate
a wealth of execution which

translate al) the col
the the

Anyone can play the Orchestrelle.
appearance only) an w he piano,
music rolls similar to t
and results.

coupled with the richly

Among the 5
great overtures and symphonic mast
ga). dance music, and recent popu

ie

Symphony Orchestra or the Pipe Organ.

So graphically has this i
events been illustrated during
that this Fall’s exchanged Orc
at the lowest prices ever quoted.

of a higher-priced style by one
for another, be

Annual Fall SALE of Exchanged

ORCHESTRELLE

At the Lowest Prices Ever Quoted

NEVER BEFORE HAVE THERE BEEN SUCH
ORCHESTRELLES

HIS unprecedented op
the impetus given the

hy the ever growing
musie-lovers of the infinite resources for
wonderful instrument. _Increased
appreciation means increased sales; and this activity
is always markedly felt in our Exchange Depart-
There enthusiastic Orchestrelle owners find
the instruments which
for new ones of larger

.

Most of the instruments defy the most ex~-
pert scrutiny to distinguish them trom new

the orchestra
oa, intended by

It resembles somewhat (i# eutward
It is played by means of perforated
ianola. Yer it is distinctly different in character

The intense pleasure of being able actually to pl
varied tones of the Orchestrelle,
derful instrument one of the most fascinating in the realm of music.

000 compositions available for the Orchestrelle are the
jieces, operatic selections (light and
jar music. Ali capable of being ren-
red with a richness of tonal effects and execution comparable only to the

nevitable sequence of
the past few months,
hestrelles are offered

  
      

   

Pree,

ortunity is due to
rchestrelle business
knowledge among

Read the list and

the music oneself,
makes this won-

        
  
 

262 Fifth Ave., near
24th St.. New York.

————__— sen eee

AWAITING HIGGINS’ ANSWER.

EVERYTHING IN THE AIR UNTIL
IT I8 RECEIVED.

 

 

The Governor's Kitchen Cabinet Hopes te
Nominate M. Linn Bruce if the Gover-
nor Refuses te Run—A Boom. for T, L.
Woodruff—No Sentiment for Hughes.

Sanatooa, Sept. 22.—Mystery surrounds
the Republican situation here to-night.
The members of Gov. Higgins’s kitchen
cabinet: hardly believe that Gov. Higgins
will consent to run again, and yet they
have nothing to offer in that event except
Lieut.-Gov. M. Linn Bruce as the Republi-
can nominee for Governor. There is where
the mystery begins. There are three ver-
sions of the situatién. Ore is that Gov.
Higgins’s proorastination is but another
evidence of his character in dealing with
important questions which have givenJhis

 

such a discussion of the situation to-day
that friends of Timothy L. Woodruff of
Brooklyn suggested to him that he would
prove a most available candidate, and it
was the opinion to-night that Mr. Wood-
ruff would announce his candidacy in-
stanter should Gov. Higgins decline. There
was some talk of Postmaster Willcox as a
high plane solution of what it is believed
will be a serious problem to solve should
Gov. Higgins eliminate himeelf. Yet there
were Republicans from New York and
Brooklyn who have delegates behind them
in the convention «who say that Mr. Willoox,
in hie administration of the New York
city post office, has taken occasion to snub
them many timeg.

Senator Edgar T. Brackett is a real live
candidate, but not in the sense of being a
self-seeker for the nomination. He has
between fifty and sixty delegates instructed
for him, and the present plan is that his
name will go before the convention. Sen-
ator Brackett has some decided opinions
upon the present political situation so far

anemies basia for severe criticism and that as it affects the Republican party which,
he will announce his intention to run before |
' the intention of the managers of the com-
| ingSitateconvention. But Senator Brackett
nouncement that he will net ran to a time | does not intend to make an active canvass
when it will be too late for the creation of | for the nomination, contenting himself

the entries close. A second interpretation
of hia course is that he is delaying the an-

a sentiment in opposition to a slate pre-
pared by his kitchen cabinet.

The other solution of the situation offered
is that Gov. Higgins and Francis Hen-
dricks, who alone of the Governor's kitchen
cabinet is in the confidence of President
Roosevelt, have an understanding with the
President that at the proper time they will
favor the nomination of a man removed
from any sort of influence, even of the
newborn Republican State machine, who
they think would be certain to win.

State Superintendent of Public Works N.
V. V. Franchot has returned from his
Olean mission with nothing definite to an-
nounce. The Governor's friends to-night
said everything would be in the air until
the Governor's political advisers came to
Saratoga this afternoon. So did National
Committeeman William L. Ward, Repre-
sentative Lucius N. Littauer and Repre-
sentative J. Sloat Fassett.

The suggestion which emanated from the
inner circles of the Governor's Kitchen
cabinet that M. Linn Bruce be nominated
for Governor in the event of Gov. Higgins’s
retirement led to varied criticisms. If it
were thought that Gov. Higgins would put
himself out of the running and that Mr.
Bruce was to be supported earnestly by the
Governor's political coterie there would be
sevefal booms for Governor started. Such
will be the result Monday if Gov. Higgins’s
decision is a refusal to run. Close friends
of the Governor to-day insisted that there
was no sentiment for Charles E. Hughes
up the State.

The general impression is that if it is
necessary to name some one to take Mr.
Higgine’s place at the head of ths ticket
the leaders who have the power to accom-
plish a nomination will have som trouble
in securing a harmonious agreement upon
the man they decide upon. It was during

 

 

SOZODONT =

  
 

a delicious dentifrice. Free

from acid and grit. Just

the thing for those who

have an inclination for the

niceties of everyday life.
your dentist. 1

er a

it is unnecessaty to say, are not in line with

with letting it be known that he is in a
receptive mood and willing to aid the party
in what he terms its present extremity.

Apparently Frank 8. Black expects to
act in harmony with the plans of the Gov-
ernor'’s friends. He has announced that
he favors Senator William D. Barnes of
Rensselaer for the nomination for Secre-
tary of State.

No one here seems to know whether or
not Senator Thomas C. Platt will attend
the convention. There could be no more
noticeable instance of the coming State
convention than Mr Platt’s absence and
yet to-night some of his friends who are
here hoped that Mr. Platt would not come
to Saratoga.

The names of Lieut.-Gov. Bruce, Rep-
resentative Michael Driscoll of Syracuse
and Senator William W. Armstrong of
Rochester are mentioned for the tempo-
rary and permanent chairmanships of the
convention. lf Gov, Higgins is renomi-
nated Mr. Bruce will be the temporary
and Mr. Driscoll the permanent chairman
of the convention. Otherwise Mr. Driscoll
will be the temporary chairman and Sena-
tor Armstrong the permanent chairman.

Syracuse, Sept. 22.—The Onondaga
delegates to the Republican State con-
vention, tipped that Gov. Higgins will not
be a candidate for reelection, took a boom
for Judge Frank H. Hiscock of the Court
of Appeals to Saratoga with them to-night.

M. 0. L. TO HAVE STATE TICKET.

it Witt Start Petitions for Candidate

Against Hearst.

What is left of the Municipal Ownership
League organization that almost elected
William R. Hearst Mayor of New York last
autumn assembled yesterday afternoon
and evening at the New Grand Hotel to
reassert its complete independence of
Hearst and Hearst methods and to plan
a gubernatorial campaign of its own.

In the afternoon the executive com-
mittee of the M. O. L. for the Borough of
Manhattan held a session behind closed
doors. Daniel Browne resigned as chair-
man and J. W. Cody was elected in his
place. Cody ran for Sheriff on the M. O. L.
ticket last year. Until recently he was in
the Hearst campaign for Governor and was
chairman of the city committee of the
Indiependence League. This office he re-
rigned last Wednesday and now declares
that he is done with Hearst for good and all.

After the meeting it was announced
that reports from all the Assembly district
organizations in Manhattan had heard.
One member of the committee then said:

“The Municipal Ownership League which
created Hearst as a political figure and
almost elected him Mayor has repudiated
him and will oppose him this year tooth
and nail.

“Furthermore, the jeague plans to put a
complete State ticket in the field. to extend
and complete ite organization and make a
vigorous campaign. More and more of the

rr Ln

Independence League leaders are coming
into our daily, and we expect to make
the aan Strength

By way this
a del ndependence cane
or, zation of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
district showed up at the hotel in the
evening before the meeting of the execu-
tive committee of all five boroughs. It was

Frederick Giesselman, whe, en
whos

statement

one
and had sent the on seek admis-
sion to the Municipal Ownership League as

a body.

The evening meeting, like the afternoon
session, was behind closed doors. At
, -4t - quneunest that the work

oe reports
from the various districts and la:
for Ss and strenghtening the
gan on.
Where and when the | e will hold its
convention and whom it will select to be its
standard bearer are questions that remain
to be decided. Several of the, Brooklyn
committeemen brought along a boom
Gen. Robert Avery of that borough. »
Avery is a civil war veteran and a lawyer.
He lost a leg in the war. Until a year ago
he was a Republican, but joined the Hearst
forces last autumn. Since then, however;
he has denounced Hearst as a traitor to the
cause of municipal ownership. He is at
present chairman of the M. O. L. executive
committee of Brooklyn.

FOR MAYOR OF PLAINFIELD, N. J.

Charies J. Fisk WHI Take Nommation
Under Certain Conditions.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., Sept. 22.—Through the
solicitation of Alexander Gilbert, chairman
of the Republican advisory committee of
125 citizens, former Mayor Charles J. Fisk
has consented to accept the nomination for
Mayor, declined by George P. Mellick, if all
the delegates representing Mr. Mellick are
in favor of him.

Mr. Fisk is a member of the New York
banking firm of Harvey Fisk & Co., and

or

 

 

for a number of years has been very active
in municipal affairs. Should he be nomi-
nated he will be opposed by Richard Henry
Depew, who is the choice of the Colbyites.

 

John
Jameson

Three ok ok Star
Whiskey

Carbonic, Artificial Vichy, Selters,

Also tn bottles for out-of-town delivery

CLUB SODA and GINGER ALE,

Supertor to imported.

CARL H. SCHULT

Tel. 3429 Madison Sq. 430-444 Ist Av.. N. Y

   
     
   

 

 

 

 

DIED.

PINCKNEY,—At Orie-Court, Grand View on H1i4-

son, N. Y., on Thursday,
8S. G, Courtney Pinckney.
Funeral services will be held at Grand View on
Sunday, Sept. 25, at 6 o'clock, Train leaves
Chambers street ferry at 4 P. M.; West 2!
street ferry at 3:55 P. M,, viaN. R. R. of N

Sept. 20, 1908, |)

Carriages will be awaiting at South Nyacs«
station,

STANWOOD. —At Ventnor, Isle of Wight, England
Aug. 27, Eben Caldwell Stanwood of Boston

50 years

Funeral services at his late residence, 480 Con
monwealth av., on Monday, Sept, 24, at 2 P. ¥
Burtal private,

STILLMAN,--On Sept, 4, at Listeuz, France \"
the 70th year of his age, Thomas Edgar *'
man.

Funeral services will be held at his late res!
dence, 9 Fast 78th st., on Tuesday, )'
at 10 o'clock A. M.

UNDERTAKERS.
AORPRAP PEELE PPLE RRL DEPP OP
not deceived. We are the only
HEN MERRITT BURIAL CO
Sth av. and 19th a. Tel. 124—Cheisea
Rev. Stephen Merritt, Pree, P. W. Radciife, Mer