,
:
'
:
»
:
,
:
b

nae ft lO

   
  

)

 

AOTUAL MBN DBRY A DICKER.

HEY DIDN'T PLAN TO OUST
weet RDY TRUSTEES,

 

wart

 

 

May Have Something
more to Say If Denials Come Too
strong Agents Apparently Switch.
ing (to the Administration Ticket.

Mutual Tafe Insurance Company officers
{ emphatically yesterday that there

m paker People

o
3 ever any disposition on their part to
drop any of the old trustees in a dicker

with the Baker policyholders’ association,
Their position in the negotiation which
took place between representatives of the
Peahody man »gement and the Baker organi-
gation declared had been grossly
i presented
P rbelt only purpose in meeting the Baker
men, they asserted, was to convince them
that the affairs of the company were being
run properly and that there was absolutely
no need for the agitation which the policy-
holders’ committee was stirring up. They
had no idea whatever of throwing over
gome of the Met ‘urdy trustees who had put
them in office for the support of the policy-
holders’ association
‘ Second Vice-President Dexter, when he
arranged the meeting between President
Peabody and Vice-President Emory
McClintock on the one side and President
B. N. Baker and Vice-President Calvin
Tompkins of the policyholders’ association
on the other, was not authorized to suggest
the names of any of the old trustees for a
blacklist, and the other officers of the com -
y do not believe that he made any such
eugges tions.
Mr Dexter,
gent to confer

they

it was said yentertae, was
with Mr. Baker merely for
the purpose of arranging a conference
which it was hoped would result in con-
vincing the policyholders’ representatives
that real reforms were being carried through
inthe company and that there was no need
of a change of management. The check-
{ng of the trustees’ names was done by
Mr. Dexter, it was said, merely for the
rpose of indicating Mr. Baker's wishes
in Te marter, and Mr. Dexter so reported
when he returned to the Mutual o} in
je city
—. of the Mutual officers said yester-
day that the conference between the ad-
ministration men and the Baker representa-
tives was taken up almost entirely with a
discussion of the reforms that had been
accomplished by the Peabody management
and that the matter of an administration
ticket was broagne up only in so far as
Mr. Peabody and Mr. McOlintock refused
to consider the elimination of the names
indicated by Mr. Baker,

The representatives of the Baker com-
mittee refused yesterday to add anything
to the statement which they put out on
Friday. It is known, however, that they
have further information in reserve and
will throw it out at the proper time. They
will declare that there were others of the
old McCurdy trustees besides the six named

terday who were indicated by Vice-

ol ge F Reepannen —— to
be drop’ he er people, if they are
pusbed by the Mutual denial , will, it was
said yesterday, give interesting details of
the meeting between Bernard N. Baker and
Vice-President Dexter and the ges
conference between the heads of the Pea-
body management and the association's

resentatives.

he situation among the Mutual Life
agents was still considerably muddled yes-
terday. Some of them are leaning toward
the third, or fusion ticket, but President
Peabody's announcement that he will stand
unalterably for the administration ticket
and the action of the committee in
lopping off the head of T. R. Fell, one of
the insurgents, have turned the greater
part of the agency support back into the

lar administration channel.

ll sorts of assertions are being made,
though, by persons who are behind the
fusion movement. They say that it is
only natural that the agents, through fear
of dismissal, should stand, so far as out-
ward appearances go, for the administra-
tion ticket. But when it comes to the
counting of the proxies, it will be found,
sceording to the fusion leaders, that many
Page have been working under cover for

third ticket.

 

THE BANK STATEMENT.

 

The weekly return of the Clearing House
banks entirely fulfilled favorable expectations
fegarding it, showing, as it did,a gain in cash
of $12,220,500, whieh ?3 slightly more than the
usual preliminary estimates made out. Some-
what of a disappointment, however, was the
ethibit of an increase of $7,422,200 in loans,
as the general belief had been that this item
ould be reduced, in view of the action of the
stock market during the week and through

rrowing from foreign lenders. The sur-

us reserve was, however, increased

7,797,525, and now stands at $11,315,025,
egpinst $5,255,050 a year ago.

he weekly statement of the associated
banks of the city of New York compares as
follows with that of last week and that of the
corresponding week a year ago:

This Week. Last Week. 1905.
Loans $1 .043.882,400 $1,036,460,400 $1.076.440,400
Depo! ts 1.023,261,500 1,005,487,600 1,093, 105,800
Greulation.. 45,109, 44,888,800 53,712,300
Specte. $190,598, $177,366,500 $200,454,400
Leg'it'nders 76,502,300 77,511,800 00
_ Total rea. $987 198 ROD e754 ane ann
Kesv req d.. 255,812,875 251,871,900
Surp'us $11,315,025 $3,536,400
Ratio of res
todeposits m1 3.8

Changes for the week were as follows:

Loans Inc. $7,422,200
Deposits Inc. 17,763,000
NE oackccvbsorsincnasticcson Inc 220,700
Specte ae Inc. $12,170,000
TOE MDUBIG. wr ccecoreverscssencest oo

Tota) reserve.....

Birolus ib oataniseeee Inc. $7,770,525
The amount of United States deposits
shown in this week's statement is $25,547,400,
an increase of $7,863,000 since last week.
If these deposits were deducted from the
Sesregate given the surplus would be $17,-

The following table shows the percentage
of cash reserves to deposits of the more
= ela banks as compared with last

 

This Last

Week. Week.
Bank of New York ove 27.7
Bank of Manhattan 8 i790
Merchants National 25.6 26.3
Mechanics’ National... + Oh 7
Bank of American. +» 28.6 262
National (it 29.1 28.7
Mereent Nationel,.....<...:+seee0e0es. 26.2 26.4
Americas Exchange National...........27.1 23.7
Sationa! Rank of Commerce........--. 25.0 25.7
mereant\ie National covccceremeee m4
National Bank of North Ameriea.......:6.9 25.5
2 ver National obo eenve pb eame 25.4
culzens Central National... - 25.8 23.8
om Fachange National roe | 75.6
{porters & Traders’ National...... 243 26.0
Stlonal Park coveccec coon se 25.8
INN. acc cssayacenaeohesuts 26.6 27.8
iret National 16.9 23.8

se National 2463

Beaboard National 26.6 8 3

Important changes from last week in the

eash holdings of the banks and th

Sr Poldinan and their loans
: Cash. Loans.

Bank of New York Inc. $22,000 Inc, $364,000
Dk of Manhattan Dec. 734,000 Inc. 21,000
i hants’ National Dee. 227,000 Dec. 882,000
scbaaics National,....Ime, 121,000 Dec. 243,000
nk of America Ine, 91,000 Inc. 871,000
cetlonal (it Ine, 7,687,000 Ine. 7,178,000
Gale National,......Jme, 221,000 Dec. — $7,000
Ante National . Ine, 5,000 Inc. 178,000
Nat non @ keh. Nat.....Ime, 858,000 Inc. 86,000
ue Bank of Com'ce,,..Dec. 868,000 Ine. 1,236,000
fereant| e National......Ine, 771,000 Ine, 4.000
-. anko! No Am....Ine, 185,000 Inc, 276,000
Cenover National Inc, 19,000 Dee. 428,000
Ce zens’ “entra! Nat Inc, 301,000 Dec. 152,000
mm Exchange Nat.....@ec. 405,000 Dec. 215,000
wipe & raters’ Nat...Dec, 396,000 Dec 000
atonal Paric . Ine, 1,083,000 Inc, 1,271,000
porth Natlonal... Aec. 286,000 Dec, 882,000
nee NaNO. oee -otne, 655,000 Dec. 1,016,000
jSatlonal. c0000 Ime: 902,000 Dee. ‘988,000
Bane P National.........Dee, 44000 Inc. 61,000
of Metropolis Inc, 110,000 Inc, 228,000
pebetrd National... \ Dee. 48.000 Dec. 381,000
rty National... Dec, 81,000 Dec. 147,000
Amsterdam Nat....Inc. 266,000 Inc. 000

 

Negro Assailant of Women Whipped.
Wnrnaton, Del., Sept. 22.—Charles
ley, a negro, the self-confessed as-
a of Mrs. Beatrice Frankish and her
ughter, Gussie Leitch, was whipped at
New Castle County Workhouse this
Morning in the presence of about 400 per-

 

7

Ceres OE ARB Gallina thie 5 — -
GOSSIP OF WALL STREET.
A bank statement showing a surplus of
$11,315,025 and other figures justifying the
most sanguine forecasts came out on a market
that was dull but not espeolally reactionary.
It was such good news, brokers said, that the
bull operators thought the market could take
care of itself, The statement stimulated
activity but the activity resulted in declines

in the more active iesues, the steels alone
remaining steadfast.

As news is seldom so good that It is not
capable of an unfavorable construction, so
the bank statement was by some regarded as 4
bear argument. If the banks are able to
show a large surplus, it was said, what induce-
ment is there for Secretary Shaw to come to
the relief of the money market? A surplus of
half the amount reported would be a better
guarantee of early Treasury action.

“Two weeks ago,” said one broker, “the
banks showed a deficit, Brokers and traders
generally were discouraged and could see
nothing in the immediate future except a
sharp decline in prices, Prices held firm, for
the bull operators, fearing a sharp break, put
their money in the market and held stocks up
by main strength. To-day apparently they
figured that enough favorable sentiment
would be created by the statement to prevent
any serious decline and were quite willing to
let the market take care of itself. In my opin-
fon they were not greatly concerned over
any slight slump but in fact were glad to see
it, for I believe that they do not wish to see
@ further sharp advance in prices until the
predicted relief is forthcoming from the
Treasury Department."

The declines in Reading, Union and South-
ern Pacifico, Baltimore and Ohio and Pennsyl-
vania brought out little comment in compari-
son with that elicited by the loss of 1's points
in Amalgamated Copper. Those who have
been long expecting a brisk movement in
copper had come to the conclusion that the
price would be held firm until Tuesday, that
then the Anaconda dividend would be in-
creased and both Anaconda and Amalga-
mated would be marked up with extraordinary
rapidity. In their disappointment over the
decline in Amalgamated these traders got
little consolation from a retort that their
theory was too plausible to be true.

 

 

Last spring when money was tight a num-
ber of brokers conceived a plan of regulating
the money market themselves by starting a
big bank. At one time the plan of the brokers’
bank was elaborated very extensively. It
had a pleasing appearance on paper, but of
course encountered the fact that if brokers
had money available to capitalize a bank
they would not need to borrow. So the
brokers’ bank died “a-borning.”

Now it is proposed to regulate call money
rates in another way. The plan isn't exactly
clear, but the brokers conceiving it seem to
think that if a fixed time is set aside daily,
after banks have had time to figure out their
balances, there would result a money market
in which the fluctuations would not be as
great as on many occasions within the last
year. The money market should not open
before 11 o'clock and the banks should agree
on the rates to be charged. The scheme
will undoubtedly be remarkably successful,
providing only the banks can be persuaded
to perentt borrowers to regulate rates of in-
e ;

It appears to be taken for granted that
brokers have made more extensive time
loans than ever before. They are much bet-
ter fortified by time loans than, for instance,
@ year ago. High call loan rates then, in
the opinion of many bankers, affect a rela-
tively small number of brokers. As a mat-
ter of fact the high rates affect only a part of
the brokers, who have call loans outstanding.
Many houses have had call loans outetanding
for months without any great increase in
rates and some houses, of course, have loans
that have beer’ out a much longer period.
One of the best. known houses of the Street
has a $1,000,000 loan that a bank has carried
for twenty-eight years. In all this time
the interest rate has never been higher than
6 per cent., changing from that point down
to 2 per cent.

The Cleveland Leader, having obtained
ita information from the most reliable sources
in Cleveland, is able to announce the forma-
tion of five transcontinental railway aystems
Here they are: Union Pacific, Baltimore and
Ohio and St. Paul; Pennsylvania and Atchi-
son; New York Central and Northwestern;
Rock Island, Nickel Plate and Lackawanna;
Great Northern, Burlington and Erie. Much
sympathy is expressed for Northern Pacific,
which is left out of the calculation, but it was
suggested yesterday that this road might
tie up with Mr. Ramsay's Chicago-Néw York
Air Line and the Rocky Road to Dublin.

The Jones-Inglis corn report places the
probable yield at 3,011,000,000 bushels. All
the conditions of the growing crop, it is
declared, combine to indicate a bumper yield.
“In claiming 3,011,000,000 bushels,” the atatis-
ticians continue, “we use Government acreage
of 95,400,000 bushels but admit the probability
of error in this acreage and would prefer
to eliminate 3,000,000 bushels from the total.
Dairying is increasing, especially in the sur-
plus corn States, and thie requires more land

 

 

| for pastures, yet the Government seems in-

clined to increase acreage in these States.
If this position on acreage is correct there

must be deducted about 125,000,000 bushels
from the above totals.”

Ice registered another high record and
closed at 90's, the high point of the day.

The Financial Chronicle published a com-
pilation of railroad earnings for July showing
a gain of more than $14,000,000, or 12.04 per
cent., in gross and more than $6,000,000, or
16.58 per cent., in net. The greatest gain,
that of $2,405,000 in gross, Was made by Penn-
sylvania. Canadian Pacific and Southern
Pacific each showed gains of more than
$1,000,000. Union Pacific's increase was
$834,000; Baltimore and Qhio’s, $776,000;
Atchison’s, $703,000; Illinois Central's, $593,-
000, and Rock Island's, $537,000. Ninety
roads were included in the compilation.

The volume of the transactions in the
Inter-Met shares has dwindled to small pro-
portions. Yesterday thera was not a sale
of the preferred and but a solitary 100 share
deal in the common. Within a week after
the publication of the company's last quar-
terly report a pool was formed, so it was re-
ported, to bull the stocks, but despite the
fact that some very good houses would like
nothing better than a brisk upward move-
ment in the stocks the pool, if still in ex-
istence, appears to be awaiting a more
propitious moment. Meanwhile Inter-Met
preferred, which pays 5 per cent., again sells
below Brooklyn Rapid Transit, which pays
nothing.

Neither is speculation in Brooklyn Rapid
Transit by any means as keen as was the
case afew weeksago. A few daysago there
were circulated bull arguments predicated
upon the company’s receipts on account
of the Coney Island carnival. The range
for the week was, however, narrow and
among dealers in it more interest appeared
to be manifested in the outcome of the Coney
Island fare litigation than in any other cir-
cumstance. Incidentally the result of the
Brooklyn primaries, which was accounted
a decided rebuff to those who had fomented

agitation against the company, was con-
F red by many & favorable indication. ”

The abatement of interest in Atchison is
attributed in some quarters to the liquidation
of a long line by 4 very prominent “insider.”
Whatever the truth in the report, specula-
tive interest appears for the moment to be
much less keen than it wasafew weeks ago,
and the number of those who predict a 6
per cent. dividend has very considerably
decreased. There is much curiosity also
as to the present ownership of the Atchison

ock purchased two years ago by parties
wominent in Union Pacific. =

Clubhouse for The McManus.

Plans have been filed with Building Super-
intendent Murphy for remodelling the three
story dwelling at 728 Ninth avenue into a
clubhouse for Thomas J. McManus, the
new Tammany leader of the Eleventh As-

 

 

fons. A crowd of 2,000 was on hand, but |
: , ly district. A fourth story is to be
“ip,*bout 400 could get inside SIRT ena a new facade built of Colonial
@owd took one» were whipped, but the | design with a roof balustrade, The im-
y passing interest in them. | provements are to cost $15,000
er . tek i ‘ jinn Mag op ra alt, es meth Co Mie

a So MER LN et ' a
aC ek

ES Sl Slss S

NO DAMAGES FOR THIRD TRACK.
Even if It Ie Uniawfal the Pisintif Has

' Released Her Easements.

Justice Greenbaum of the Supreme Court
handed down a decision yesterday in which
he assumes the extension of the middle
track on the Ninth avenue elevated line
below Fifty-third street and ita use for
the purpose of running express trains to
be “an unlawful and unwarranted use of
the highway, #0 as to constitute a public
nuisance.”

This expression, though itself devoid of
the authority which extends *% a final judg-
ment of the court, may have a bearing on
the claims for damages med* by ‘he owners
of property along the route covered by
the express track. In the case before Jus-
ties Greenbaum, one of these property
owners, Pauline Wolf, asked for a perma-
nent injunction restraining the operation of
the middle track, on the ground that the
value of her property is affected injuriously
by the noise and other incidental incon-
veniences which generally accompany rail-
road operations.

Justice Greenbaum refuses to grant the
injunction asked for, on the ground that
Mrs. Wolf fails to show that she has suffered
any such special damages as would entitle
her to the protection of the court. As a
matter of fact, this third track, or of
it, Sens Woe Ma mame at
w rs. Wolf came °
the pgperty, but she released her ease-
ments for a lump sum at the time. Since
then the runn of express trains has
begun, and she alleged that irrespective of
her easements her property was d
by the noise and speed of the expresa ns.

Justice Greenbaum says that he fails to
find that the company is sub, to any re-
strictions in the matter of the speed of its
trains, nor is he satisfied that an ex
Unt alee papery of ie. Welt regardees

. ol
of the egal easernente of light, or and
access which she released me Soe,
da: in any other way. In refusing
the injunction, therefore, he says:

“Assuming also, as I do, that the ex-
tension of the middle track for a distance

 

of two miles beyond the length of the orig-
inal siding and use of the said extended
middle track for express trains is an

unlawful and unwarranted use of the high-
way so as to constitute them a public
nuisance, I nevertheless find that so far
as the plaintiff is concerned she has failed
to maintain the burden of proving that
she has sustained any 5) to
her property by the unlawful occupation
by é fendant of the highway below her
pre: .

There are a great many similar suits
pending, in most of which the propert
owners are better situated than Mrs. Wol
as they did not release their easements of
light, air and access, as she did.

MADE HIM CALLA PHYSICIAN.

Christian Science Believer Forced to Ask
Medical Aid For Injured Son.

Boston, Sept. 22.—The residents of Aller-
ton and Bayside Hull held an indignation
meeting at the residence of Otto J. Piehler,
at Bayside, yesterday, to protest against the
action of a neighbor, H. D. Follingsbee of
Brookline, who had refused medical aid for
his seventeen-year-old son, who is suffering
from a broken neck, preferring to have him
treated by Christian Science. A committee
was appointed to wait on Mr. Follingsbee
and inform him that if he did not call in
medical! assistance and the boy died of his

uries criminal proceedings would be in-
stituted against him.

As a result of this threat, Mr. Follingsbee
summoned Drs. F. M. Allard and F. M.
Richardson of Boston, and they had the
beg rameved to the Homeopathic Hospital.

ednesday afternoon young Follingsbee
dived off a pier and dislocated his vertebres.
Dr. Walter H. Sturvis, who lives near by,
went to his assistance, but was informed by
Mr. Follingsbee that he was a Christian
Scientist and that his son should receive
no medical treatment. The physician left
the house.

CHANCE FORA BUDDING AUTHOR

To Get His Siory Printed and Have it
Dramatized as Well.

Ambitious aspirants for the honors of
dramatic authorship should be encouraged
by the announcement of the company which
publishes the programmes of most of the
New York theatres.

Authors are asked to submit “a new and
original tale of about thirty chapters, em-

ying a story essentially of modern
life, involvi love interest and if
ble treating incidentally of some of

he great economic questions of the day,”
and the story that is considered the best

is to be printed in the theatre programnes
7 pet guarentee that the

 

 

after the blishers
work shall te dramatined and get a hearing
for one week in a New York theatre with a

competent cast within one year from Octo-
es, blish to
ramme shers are

all the’ oonte of spedustion. The olen
petition for the best story will close one
week from to-morrow, as it is intended
to begin the publication of the story on
October 15.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC THIS Dar.
Sun rises... ...5:43| Sun sets..,..5:53) Moon sets. . 0:36
HIOW WATER THIS DaY.
Sandy Hook 10:40) Gov. Island .11:12) Hell Gate..., 1:06

Arrived—Satounvar, Sept. 22,
Se St. Louls, Southampton, Sept. 15,
Ss Amerika, Hamburg, Sept. 14
Se Martello, Hull, Sept. 7.
Se St. Andrew, Antwerp, Sept. 8.
Se Luisiana, Genoa, Sept. 5.
Ss Seguranca, Vera Cruz, Sept. 14.
Ss Woodfield, Barbados, Sept. 14.
Ss City of Memphis, Savannah, Sept, 19.
Se Princess Anne, Norfolk, Sept. 21,
Ss Blueftelds, Baltimore, Sept. 20.
Ss Queen Lov Ise, Baltimore, Sept. 20.
Ss St. Bede, Philadelphia, Sept. 21.

ARRIVED OUT.
Ss Campania, at Liverpool from New York,

BAILED FROM POREION PORTS.
Se La Provence, from Havre for New York,
Se Umbria from Live: i for New York,
Ss Philadelphia from utes pion for New York,
Ns Zeeland from Antwerp for New York.
Ss Potsdam from Rotterdam for New York,
Se Mesaba from London for New York.
Ss Bremen from Bremen for New York
Ss United States from Chrisiansand

ork.
Ss Batavia from Hamburg for New York,

OUTGOING STEAMBHIPS.
Sal To-morrow.

for New
Y

  
  

 

 

    
 
  
 

Matis Vessels
Close. Sait
Otto Sverdrup, Argentina 1200 M 300P M
u Satt Tucstay, Say i. nebn a
Carmania, Liverpoo!l...... 3 1
Virginia, Fortune Isl'd.,.. 1130A M 300PM
Cearense, Para............ 1200M 500PM
Barbarossa, Bremen......  ..-.+sees 1000A M
P. Adalbert, Naples....... 0 c.sscceee 1000AM
Victorian, Liverpool.. fie
Cretic, Naples... ses 1200M
Carpatala, Naples......... 1000A M
Manzanillo, Santiago..... . 300P M
City of Memphis, Sav'nah . 300P M
Arapahoe, Charieston..... :. 300PM
oop Wednesday, Sept. 26. $2.00
Itie, Liverpool...... 6.5 eee beere oo
Ranese City, are: os: ve eneasves eeaae
Hornby Castle, Ma, ssibstiee -~  ~"cocaaves
Olinda, Nuevitas.......... 0 eeceecees Saat
San Marcos, Gaiveston... ....+..++ s00PM
Huron, Charieston........ or eeevene 300PM
INCOMING STEAMBHIPS,
Due To-day.
Pring Adaibert.....-.--.. Gibrsiter, TTT ITT Sept. 12
GOSCOENE, .... ++ ee eee: BVEO.....+ 20000. Sept. 15
iene porno 06 c GIPRERENEE scocc eens Sept. 7
rooklyn City. . .> via “17
fssourt.....- “iat
Hesbaye ee
Excelsior.. a
Matanzas 3
Maracas...
Camoens..
Huron...
Petes 0. cvcccvcscsccces
Ryndam..
Astoria,.... .
—— .
City of Columbus.
Due Tuesday, Sept. 25.
Kronprinz Wilhelm.......Bremen........... Sept, 18
Georgic se veveeeee LAVOrpool......... Sept. 14
oer daainia....sss.. -- +» Galveston,.,......Sept.19

 

By Marconi Wireless.
Ss Myndam, for New York, was 800 miles cast of
Sandy Hook at nga yesterday,
Se Ultonie, for New York, was 87 miles cast of
Montauk Point at noon

Sa La Savole, for ++= }egm, was 100 miles east of
cape Race at 9A. My Poeswrdad. .

|

'HANDCUFFED THEMSELVES.

Bieuth Bottic Got 6700 and a Million or
So in Green Goods With Two Crooks.

Thomas Ryan of 66 Madison street, and
James Gilbert of 174 West Forty-seventh
street, who were arrested on Friday by
Detective Bottie of the Central Office on
the charge of being green goods men,
were arraigned yesterday before Com-
missioner Shields in the Federal Building.
It was Postal Inspector Boyle who made
all the preliminary arrangements with the
“con” men, but he was afraid to try to make
the arrest in person lest he should be recog-
nized by the crooks. The case was accord-
ingly turned over to the police.

After Bottie had registered at the Hotel
Olympus at Sixth avenue and Thirty-
sighth street he was taken out by the two
men to seethetown. During their rambles
the two passed the West Side court. Dot-
tie thought the game was up because se:-
eral of his police acquaintances were stand-
ing in front of the building. His rustio
disguise, however, prevented his being
recognized,

When the party reached a house in West
Fifty-fifth street Bottie examined the
good money shown him with a magnifying
glass. The “con” men suggested that he
compare it with the sample sent to him
at Milford, Mich. Bottie said the sample
was in his valise, where he had put it to
distinguish it from the real money in his
pocketbook. He opened the valise, but
instead of producing the bill drew a re-

volver and a pair of handcuffs.

e two crooks were at first too dum-
founded to move. Then they jum for
the door, but Bottie beat them and med
it to. Tossing them the handouffs he said:

“New, just couple yourselves together
quick and don't try any funny games with
me, or I'll blow out your brains.”

The two obeyed and were marched to
Headquarters. Bottie got $700 in real
money besides the million or so of imita-
tion stuff that they were going to eell him.

Gilbert turned out to be James Fitz-
gerald, whose face has long adorned the
rogues’ gallery and is a familiar one in
the police courts, where he has often been
Grated with working the wireless wire-
tapp) ng e. His innocent face and
silver alt have been his fortune. Ryan,
police say, is also an old crook whose
picture is in the rogues’ gators.
Commissioner Shields .held the pair in
$2,500 each for a further hearing, and
Marshal! Henkel and ay Marshal Aukner
took them to the Tombs prison.

RESCUED FROM HIGH SEAS.

Men From Shipwrecked Craft Brought
to Port in Boston and Norfolk.

Boston, Sept. 22.—Rescued from their
vessel after she had been completely dis-
masted and thrown on her beam ends by
the terrific hurricane which swept the
Southern coast Sunday and Monday, seven
survivors of the crew of the three masted
schooner J. W. Balano of Thomaston, Me.,
arrived in port just before midnight on the
Clyde liner Chippewa, Capt. McBeth, from
Charleston, 8. C., which picked them up
on Tuesday morning forty -two miles south-
west of Cape Lookout. .
One member of the crew, M. Heldring, a
Russian sailor who was! on his first voyage
on the schooner, was lost. Four times the
captain, the mate and two members of the

 

 

crew were washed off the veasel in the raging
sea. Each time they were thrown back
aboard the ship by other waves. The en-
gineer was thrown between a boom and gaff
and severely injured.

Norrouk, Va., Sept. 22.—From last Mon-
day morning at 8 o'clock to the followin
Thursday afternoon at 4, without water an
food except for three small fishes eaten
raw, John Koerber and Karsten Bunteen,
members of the crew of the three masted
schooner Nelson E. Newbury of New York,
drifted about the sea near Cape Hatteras
until the Norwegian steamer E, took them
aboard and brought them here this morn-
ing. The pewpery sailed from Port Royal,
8. C., for New York on Sept. 9 with a cargo
and deckload of lumber. The men said
they were becalmed at sea eight days, but
last Monday morning at 8 o’clock,when they
were about off Charleston, a hurricane came.
Within five minutes all their sails were
blown away and the lumber was shifted
to the lee side of the deck. The stern of the
schooner then dipped and the sea broke
down the cabin house deck and it went by
the board Then the Newbury lay down
on her side and turned over. All hands
tried to crawl over the weather side, but four
of the six were washed overboard and
were never seen again Koerber and
Buntsen swam about for two hours, eage
to some of the three-inch planks of whi
the deck load was com; until these were
torn from them by the waves Finall
they got aboard the cabin deck house, whic’
they rode until the Egda came to their
rescue.

INCREASE IN MEAT EXPORTS.

Decrease Only in Exports of Canned Meats
—Shipments From Chicago.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.—As a result of the
recent meat crusade the exports of canned
meats decreased from 8,732,550 pounds in
July of last year to 4,830,975 pounds in the
same month of this year. The aggregate
export meat trade, however, did not suffer
any decréase from the clean meat campaign,
largely owing to the fact that the increases
in dressed beef, cured meats and lard over-
balanced the decrease in meat
products.

The meat and animal products shipped
from Chicago amoun for the seven
months e with July to 1,675,436,262

nds, against 1,391,038,756 pounde for the

rat seven months of 1995. The total for
the month of July was 203,252,030 pounds,
against 192,490,724 pounds in July last year.

ESTIMATES TO BE PRUNED DEEP.

Every Department Head Has Asked For
More Money for Next Year.

The Board of Estimate will start next
week on the task of making up the budget
for the coming year. Although the Mayor
before he went to Europe appealed to the
heads of the departments to keep down
their estimates to the lowest ible figures
every one of them has as for a large
increase. The total amount of the in-
oreases asked for is more than $20,000,000,
The certainty that the Sopertmenien heads
will have economy for u them was
made peparens yesterday when the Mayor
remar :

“The pruning knife will be so sharpened
that it will cut to the bone.”

 

 

 

Another Judgment Against Sage Nephew.

Another judgment was entered here
yesterday against James H. Sage of Troy,
a nephew of Russell Sage and one of his
heirs. It is for $170 in favor of James 8.
Fish on a note dated June 7, 1898, at Troy,
for $100 pavable two months after date
which was noc paid. Interest amount
to $51 and costs $19. Mr. Sage was served
with the summons on December 8, 1898,
at hie fish store, 800 River street, Troy.

 

Business Troubles.

A creditors’ petition in bankruptcy has been
filed against Kaiser Kaim, wholesale and
retail dealer in Oriental goods, laces and
kimonos, at 10 Washington street. His trade
was mainly with Syrian pediers.

Judge Hough of the United States District
Court has granted a motion to open the bank-
ruptcy case of John 8. Roddy, formerly a
painter, of 237 West 118th street, on the appli-
cation of two of hia creditors, the New Yor
Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf an
Dumb, $1,414, and John A. Brown, Jr., $1,424,
both claims being deficiency judgments, “Mr.
Roddy filed a petition in bankruptcy on
October 22, 1904, received a discharge Decem-
ber 12, 1904, and died November 10, 1905.
The creditors allege that he omitted some
real estate from his schedules, One of the

jeces of real estate was a five story flat at

11 West Sixty-seventh street, which Mr.
Roddy conveyed to his wife on December 17,

900, but she recenveyed it to him on Decem-
er 21, 1994, ten days after his discharge from
ban‘truptcy, and he was the record owner of
it when he died,

oe wane

‘ie pe Pe ea st A
Su: NDAY, SEPTE MBER _ 23,
|

i

|
|

 

 

6%
GUARANTEED GOLD BONDS.

T bave for sale $100,000 of 6% Guaranteed Gold
sof the National firoad Co. of Haiti, in
1,000 each, on with
is given a bonus of = in full-paid
stock of the American Haiti Oo. e interest on
these bonds ts guarentee? for fifty years by the
Haities Government, ey bear signature
of the Delegate of Finances of Haiti, and it is
impossible to find a better security or safer in-
Yostmens than these bonds. Fer particulars ad-
dress M4 MERRILL, 718 Dresel Bidg., Phil-
adelphia, Pa.

IVIDEND PAYERS

The Illustrated Mining News comments on
them, and points opportunities for making
money. tely Way the market. Com-
ments on all the mining camps. Sample free.

J. MILLER & CO., 80 BROAD ST., N. ¥.
ES

CONSRRY AT IVS INV eNT — pam
apartment buildings in St. ul, Minn, et 14
per cent, on investment, Can increase poortpeg
@o as to make buildings net 20 per cent, °
GILBERT, Hotel Martinique.

$400,000 DEFAULTED BONDS, DIFFERENT
ISSUES, FOR SALE. PRICE $900 FOR THE LOT,
C. A, W., Post Office Box 6/*, New York.

ELECTIONS AND MEETINGS.

St. Seuthwestern Railway Co.
‘apecial Mee of Stockholders.
St. juis, Mo., Aug. L 1908,
To the Stockholders of St, Louis
Noth 1) by gt she Decial meetin:
ice is here ven & 4 special
f the stockholders of St. Louls South
{the Company, tn the Equitable Building, Sixth
o' . in ie Bu .
Sts Str “

an reets, St. Louis, Missouri, at
o'clock A. M. on Wednesday, the 8d day of October.
1906, for the following purposes:

1. To authorize said Company to guarantee the
Payment of the principal and interest of an issue
of First Refunding and Extension Mortgage Five
er Cent. Fifty Year Gold Bonds of Gray's Point

‘erminal Railway Company to an amount not ex-
ceeding the of 4,000,000.

2. To Company to enter Into a
supplemental agreement or lease with Gray's Point
Terminal Ratitway Company Pponses for its use
and occupancy of the railroad, terminals and wiper
provertics of said last mentioned Company du
he period of fifty years from and after the fi
~ of August, 1996,

. To ratify and approve all action of the Board
of Directors, Executive Committee and officers
of said Company taken and done in the premises.

4. To transact such other business in the premises
as may lawfully come before the meeting.

The stock transfer books of said Company will
close on Saturday, the first day of September,
@t 12 o'clock noon, and will be reopened at ten
o'clock A, M. on Thursday, October 4th, 1906,

By order of the Board of Directors,

EDWIN GOULD, President.
GEORGE ERBELDING, Secretary.
—_—_—_———S—_ewe eee
DIVIDENDS AND INTEREST.

_s

 

 

 

 

THE AMERICAN AGRICULTURAL
CHEMICAL COMPANY.

New York September 18th, 1908,

PREFERRED CAPITAL STOCK— DIVIDEND No.15

At 4@ regular meeting of the Board of Directors
of The American Agricultural Chemical Company,
held this day, it was Resolved that a semi-annual
dividend of THREE (3) PER CENT. on the Pre-
ferred Capital Stock be declared and paid on
October ist next to stockholders of record ‘on
September 20th, 1906,

e Transfer Books of the Preferred Stock of the
Gompeny Will be closed on Tuesday, September
2th, at 3o'clock P. M., and remain closed until 10
o'clock A. M., Monday, October ist, 1906,

THOMAS A, DOF, Treasurer.

 

RUBBER GOODS MANUFACTURING CO.
Common Stock Dividend,

The Directors have this day declared a dividend
of one (1) per cent, out of the profits of the Com-
pany realized for the first six months of the present
fiscal year on the Common Stock of the Company
outstanding, payable October 15th, 1006, to ail
stockholders of record at the close of business on
September 29th, 1906.

JOHN J. WATSON, Jr., Treasurer.

New York, September 2ist, 1906.

OFFICE OF THE INTERNATIONAL LUMBER
& DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, 1701-715 Drexel
Building, Philadelphia, Pa.—The regular semi-
annua four per cent, dividend guaranteed by
this Company will be paid Oct, 1, 1906, to stock -
holders of record on that date. Dividend coupon
checks cashed upon presentation or checks will

be mailed,
Cc. M. McMAHON, Treas,

BLACK FACE FROM CORK.

Negro Who Speaks Gaelic Gets the Worst
of an Encounter With a “Razzer.”*

Two very black negroes were before
Magistrate Breen in the Tombs police court
yesterday, one charged with almost cutting
the other’s arm off with a razor. The pris-
oner said he was James Brown, from
Florida, employed on the steamship Algon-
quin, lying at Pier 36, North River.

When the victim was called up to tell
his story Magistrate Breen sat up and
looked at the man, hardly able to believe
his ears. He was talking in the richest
Irish brogue heard in the court room in
Many a day.

“What's your name?” gasped the Magis-
trate.

“Patrick Jackson,” was the reply.

“Where were you born?”

“I come from Cork,” said the negro,
rene the name of the Irish city as
f it were Cark.

“And why did you get into a fight with
this man who cut you?” questioned the

istrate.

“That naygur there kem at me wid his
arrums upli to sthrike me and I hit
him first. Thin he got the razor, the divil
fly away wid him, an’ as I put up me arrum
to stave it off he nearly cut it off, aa you
can see, sur.”

When Brown had his inning his Florida
dialect made a strange contrast to the
a? of the black Corkonian.

“Dat Irish niggah he done come abohd
de Algonquin whah he got no bus’ness,”
eaid Brown. “I done o’dahed him off,
and he said dat I mus’ put him off. Den he
came at me wid a knife and I just got ma
razzer and cut him. Yes, sah, I suah did
cut him. But he came at me first.”

The policeman who made the arrest
said it was true that the inky Irishman
had started the row, and in his opinion
had got what was coming to him. This
made the Magistrate discharge Brown.
Jackson protes that the knife he was
said to have carried was a plain table knife
used to pare potatoes.

“ 'Tis not an Irishman that ud be fightin’
wid a knife,” he protested. “We kin use
our fista good enough to hold our own.”

“That's true of Irishmen in the main,”
said Magistrate Breen, “but I’m afraid
you're an exception in that as well as in
your color.”

While waiting for his case to come up
the black Irishman held an animated con-
versation in Irish with a court policeman
who prides himself on his ability to speak
tg, pnctens | tongue " ne eat?

“Every y is spakin’ the ould language
in Cork these days,” said Jackson ortaal.

 

 

 

 

SAYS HE HAS $1,000 A MONTH.

Mrs. Muir, Miniature Painter, Sues Hos
band For Non-Support.

Elizabeth Muir of 203 West Seventy-
frat street, a miniature painter, caused
her husband, George Muir, a broker, to
be arraigned in the West Side police court
yesterday, charged with desertion and
pon-suppest, The complainant's lawyer,
Daniel O'Reilly, alleged that Muir had run
through his wife’s fortune amounti to
$300,000 in unfortunate speculations. “Mute,
it was alleged, held seats in the Cotton
Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade.
Mrs. Muir stated that her husband had
an income of $1,000 a month.

Magistrate Wahle postponed the case
for further examination until next Satur-
day, ordering Muir provisionally to pay his
wife $25 d week.

 

 

 

“ Dress,”’ am Attractive Fashion Monthly.

Dress, a new monthly devoted to fashions
and published by the McCready-Beals Com-
pany, which begins with the October num-
ber, is so attractive that its success seems
assured. The many half t= illustrations
and color engravings are , ted on heavy
smooth paper and are of unusual excellence.
The latter are drawn by Parisian artists from
the origina! models, are printed there and
imported ready for the binder. There are
several special articles of interest and the
indications are that the woman who con-
sults Dreaa for the detaila of her wardrobe
cannot fail to be governed according to the
dictates of fashion, .

thes

 

 

 

f Eins Be ROR Mone i \ Wien Palak
ee iN ae RD ih. Pea A nae th iy ee
ary w “ oe we ae 7 ey vr ¥ f htt ocr y ee OR
' . . mm oO eee © me aan — " — . - ” 9 _ "
NOTICES. PUBLIC KOTICES. !
er re ee eee —!e
CITY OF NEW YORK, CITY OF NEW YORK.

 

 

|

 

 

Was re.
) Honorable the Doard of Heume Ap-

ment Q the of New ~ ”
ie petition of New Olty Interborough
Railway Com q

¥ respec i q
Your petitioner ts street surface railroad
ra uly organized and existing under
the Laws of
made and fil

men Sa rears
uly

ces te es Lo AP riion ment

@ State of New York, and has dul
ed, pursuant to section 15 of the Rail.
Law, a survey, map and ce to of altera-
tlon or change of the route of its herein pro-
2. Your petitioner desires to obtain from The
City of New ork and mereny. respectfully applies
for ita consent to a grant of the franchise ot reo

wa

to use certain streets, 8, avenues, bh

or pile royce within or belonging to The City

of New York for the construction and operation tn
the surface thereof of « double or single

and upon the

tr surface railroad (including necessary con-
nections, switches, genes. turnouts, turntables,
crossovers and suitable stands or other structures
Mecessary for the accommodation and operation
of sald ratiroad by the overhead or other system
of electricity or other motive power which may be
lawfully u upon the same), a8 alterations or
changes of the route of ite ¢: @ road for public
use ip the conveyance of persons and property for

— Thet toltewta, of the sald cer-

fe a descri
tain streets. roads, avenues, highways, driveways
or Rublie ground within or Serene he Cit
of New York, in, through, upon and along
your rp desires to make such
alteration or change of its route, to wit: '
ning at the Intersection of Ogden avenue and Fast
© Hundred and Siaty-first street and runnin
thence westerly on and along Kast One Mundr
and Sixty -first street to its intersection with Sum.
mit avenue; thence northerly on and along Summit
avenue to its intersection with East One Hundred
Sizty-sixth street; thence y on
along st One Hundred and Sixty sixth street
to Ite intersection with Lird avenue; thence north.
erly on and along Lind avenue as it winds and
turns to Aqueduct avenue; thence northeasterly
on and glen Aqneduct avenue wo en avenue,
7 ee a in its piace and s & route be.
ming at the intersection of Ocden avenue and
t One Hundred and Sixty -first street, and run-
ine Sanco northerly on and alon den avenue
to Its intersection wi
4. Your
to be constructed upon
route by the overhead trolley system or by any
Somer Bich ey be approved ihe State Roar’
may pprev y thes
Of allroad Commissioners and consented to by

the owners
“*Eberetore ‘yout titioner prays that public
notice herein of the time and place when and where

this application will be first considered be given,
$f rea by the provisions of section $2 of the
lrosd Law and of all other laws applicable
thereto, that the desired consent or grant be
embod! the form of a contract all the
terms and conditions as to compensation and
acco) vi the provisions of
‘har ter,

Dated at The City of New York, June 21. 1906,

NEW YORK CI INTERBOROUGH RAILWAY
COMPANY.
(Seal) ALFRED SKITT, President.
: H. M. FISHER, Secre'

State of New York, County of
Alived Skitt, being duly sworn, deposea and
mye that he is the President of New York City
In h Ratlway Company, the petitioner
named in the foregoing petition; that he has read
the fo ane, Petition and knows the contents
the eof; t the eame /s true of his own knowledge
texcept as to the matters em stated to be alleged
upon information and belief, and that as to those
matters he believes it to be true; that the reason
why this verifcasion is not made by the petitioner
is that it is a corporation; that the deponent is an
officer of ssid corporation, to wit: its President.
and that the grounds of his information in regard
to the matters stated in the foregoing petition, so
far a8 the same are not wi ae Perera know!-
edge. are statements made officers or agents

of the corporation to him a8 President thereof.

ALFRED SKITT.
Sworn to before me this 2ist day of Jume 1906

GEORGE E. PHELPs,

Notary Public, Kings County,
Certificate nled in New York County.

State of New York, County of New York, ss.:

On this 2ist day of June, in the year one thousand
nine hundred and aix. before me personally came
Alfred Skitt, to me known, who, being by me duly
sworn, did depose and say that he resided in the
City of Yonkers,"N. Y. That he is President of
the New York City Interborough Rallway Com-
pany, the corporation described in and which
executed the foregoing Instrument; that he knew
the geal of said corporation; that the seal affixed
to sald instrument was such corporate seal; that It
was so affixed by order of the Hoard of Directors
of eald corporation, and that he signed his name
thereto by like order.

GEORGE FE. PHELPS.
Notary Public, Kings County,
Certificate fied in New York County.

f2e the following resolutions were thereupon

ew York, ss.:

adonted:
WHERPFAS, the foregome petipen from the
New York City Interborou allway Company,
dated June 21, 1906. was presented to the Board of
Fotlmpte and Apportionment at a meeting heid
July 6, 1906,

RESOLVED. That tn pursuance of law this Roard
sets Friday, the 28th day of tember, 1906, at
10:30 o'clock in the forenoon and Room 16 in the
City Hall, Borough of Manhattan, as the time and
place when and where such petition shall be first
considered, and a public hearing be had thereon,
at which citizens shall be entitled to appear and be
heard; and be it further

RESOLVED, That the Secretary ts directed to
cause such petition and these resolutions two be
published for at least fourteen ge days in two
dally newspapers tm the City of
designated by the Mayor. and for at least ten (10)

 

 

‘

 

 

 

|

ew York, to be |

}

days in the “City Record” immediately prior to |

such date of public hearing. The expense of such
publication to be borne by the petitioner.
JOSEPHN HAAG, Secretary.
New York, July 6, 1906.

- —_———

ATTENTION.
= $500000 —

FOR LEGITIMATE INVESTMENTS
IMMEDIATELY.

Funds for Desirable
City-Country Mortgages

Capital for investment in stocks, bonds,
or paying business enterprises, manufac-
turing or otherwise. Loans negotiated.
Companies incorporated. Stock and bond
issues arranged and negotiated. Commis-
sion basis. All kinds of financial negoti-
ations completed. /

H, EDWARD DANIELS,

Eighty Wall Street. Suite 316.
NEW YORK. —

GILMAN ESTATE $1,693,000,

 

Referee Awards $75,000 to Lawyers for
the Next of Kin,

The estate of George F. Gilman, the
tea merchant, who died in March, 1901,
has been officially appraised at $1,693,000,
the bulk of which is in securities of the
Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company.
Edward B. Whitney, who was designated
by Surrogate Fitzgerald to report what
would be a reasonable sum to be paid the
lawyers who have had charge of the pro-
tracted litigation in connection with the
estate, thinks that the firm of Ormiston &
McCormick should get $20,000 and that
Charles H. Brush and his firm, Brush &
Crawford, ought to get $55,000.

These lawyers were retained by the
administrators of the estate, Theophilus
Gilman, a half brother of the testator, and
Edward L. Norton, a grandnephew, to
fight the claims put forward by Helen Potts

ll, formerly the wife of Blakely Hall,

A. Hartford. The latter was
yusiness manager and claimed

in the estate. His claim was
ving him a big block of stock
in the tea company. Mrs. Hall alleged
that she was adopted by Gilman and that
in return for her care and devotion he prom-
ised her all his estate. She compromised
for $60,000, part in stock and part in cash.

The litigation over the estate is not fin-
ished yet, aa the Supreme Court must de-
termine whether Gilman was a resident of
New York State or of Connecticut. If the
former the estate will go, as he died intes-
tate, among some nine next of kin, but if he
was a citizen of Connecticut there will be
only five to share the money.

and Geor,
Gilman's
a partnershi
settled by

 

MRS. LILLIAN GRAU ARMESTED.
Accused of Swearing Faisely to Her Mar-
riage to Man Now Dead.

Mrs. Lillian Grau of 5 Sylvan Terrace
was arrested yesterday on a charge of per-

 

| jury and arraigned in the West Side police

court. Matthew Grau, theatrical agent,
having offices at 1520 arpedway. the com-
Jainant, alleged that Mrs. Grau swore
n the same cour\, several months ago, that
she was married twenty-four years ago
to his father, Jules Grau, now dead, by a
Justice of the Peace at Rochester.

Magistrate Wahle paroled the prisoner in
the custody of her counsel, Florence J.
Sullivan, and postponed the case for further
examination on October 1,

OE

 

 

 

BOARD OF EAT MATE AND APPORTIONMENT,
PUBLIC NOT a Bored: civen that at a meet-
of the Hoard of Ima

in Apportionment,
he'd July 6, 1000, the following petition was fe-
ce'ved;

Teo

the Honorable the Noard of Rotimate and Ap-
Portion ment of City of New York: |
The petition of the Fort George Street Railway
Company respectfully shows: .
First--Your tittuner is & @treet surface rafl-
road corporat duly orgentned and cazist
water the laws of the State of New York and b
uly led, pursuant to section 2 of the Raliroad
Law, its certificate of Incorporation. .
Second—Your petitioner desires (o obtain from
The City of New York and hereby respectfully
appites t Its consent to and a grant of the fraa-
chise or right to use certain streets, roads, avettiw
highways, boulevards, driveways. park wage
public grounds within and belonging to ‘The City
ot New York, for the construction and operatic
in, through, u and along the surface thereo
of double or single track street surface rallways
(including the necessary connections, switcnings,
sidings, turnouts, turntables, crossovers and sulé-
abie siands and other sirwetures pecessary for
the accommodation and operation of said ratiread
by ee a or other system of electricity or
er ve power which no be lawfully em-
ployed upon the same), as provided in sald certif-
ente of incorporation, for public use in the con.
veyance of persons and property for compensation,

the following being 4 description of ce
streets, roads, avenues, highways, uleye: s.
driveways, parkways and public grounds within

or Delsaging to said City of New York to wit;
Besinn ng at the Dyckman street station of th
Rapid Transit ewer Railroad, tn the Borough @
Manhattan, in The City of New York, at the inter-
section of Dyckman street and Nagle avenue Pog
&@ part of tne structure maintained and operat
by sald Rapid Transit Subway Rallroad; runn lps
thence southerly over its premises adjoining St,
Nicholas (or Eleventh) avenue and partly w
said structure to a point about six hundred feet
uth of the Intersection of Dyckman street. and
Nagle avenue; running thence In a southerly dircet-
tion Into, through, upon and alone St, Nicholase
(or Eleventh) aventie to iis intersection with One
Hundred and Ninetleth street; thence in an easterly
directio: n through, upon and along Ope Hun-
dred an netleth street to its Intersection with
Audubon avenue; thence in a northerly direction tn,
through, upon and along Audubon avenue to He
Intersection with One Hundred and Ninety third
Street; thence In @ westerly direction tn, Taro vee
upon and along One Ilundred and Ninety -th rd
Street to its intersection with sald St. Nicholas \or
Fleventh) avenue and the route thereon herein
before described: all In the Borough of Manhattah

et property bounded upon the same, | in the City, County and State of New York

The above described route, as \t win Js and turns,
crosses the following highways, avenues, streets,
geo ces, etc.: Dyckman street, Nagle avenue,
St. Nicholas avenue, Ft. George avenue, Fairvicw
avenue, One Hundred and Ninety -third street,
Wadsworth avenue, One Hundred and Ninety-

nq street, One Hundred and Ninety frst street,
Gne Hundred and Ninetieth street and Audubon
avenue; all in the Borough of Manhattan, tn the
oy. County and State of New York.

rovided, and it is hereby understood, that
whenever in the description of the routes afore-
said the distances or names are misdescribed |
account of any proposed change 'n the location o

highways, avenues, streets and public places, the
same shall nevertheless be dcemed to have been
Properly described.

Third —Said corporation proposer to operate said

raliroad by the overhead electric trolley system
pubstantially similar to that in operation In other
rts of the City, or by power, other than locoma-
Ive steam power, which may be approved by the
State Board of Raliroad Commissioners and con-
sented to by the owners of property bounded o1
the same, as provided by law. ,
Wherefore, your petitioner prays that publilo
notice of the tine and place when th's apptication
will frst be considered be given as requir by sec -
tion 92 of the Railroad Law, and that vour Honor-
able Roard will set a date or dates fer a pubile
hearing thereon as provided by section 74 of the
Greater New York Charter, as amended by chap
ter 680 of the Laws of 19%. and as may be required
or provided by all the laws applicable theseto, and
that the desired consent or grant be embodied n
the form of a-contract with all of the terms aad
vonditions as to compensation and otherwise, in
accordance with the provisions of the Greater New
York Charter.
Dated, New York, July 3. 1906.
FORT GEORGE STREET RAILWAY COMPANY,
by WALTER M. WECHSLER, Vice-President.
Attest:
JOSEPH F. FOISPF, Secretary.
State of New Yor. County of New York, 8a.:
Walter M. Wechsler, being duly sworn, deposes
and says: That he Is the vice-president of the
Fort George Street Rallway Company, the peti-
tioner named In the foregoing petition: that be hes
Tread the foregoing petition and knows the contents
tnereof; that the same is true of his own mnowledes
except as to the matters theretn stated to be alleg
upon Information and belief, and that as to those
matters he believes it to be true; that the reason
why this verification is not made by the petitioner
Is that it Is a corporation: that deponent ts an officer
of sald corporation, to wit, vice president, and
that the grounds of his information in regard to
the matters stated tn the foregoing petition, so far
as the same are not within his personal knowledae,
are statements and reports made by officers of
aterm of the corporation to liim as vice -presi-

ent thereof. 7

WALTER M. WECHSLER,

Swom to before me this 3d day of July, 1906,

A. BERTON REED,

Notary Public, No. 8, Kings County, :

Certificate filed In New York County,

State of New York, County of New York, 8s.:
On this 3d day of July, in the year one thousand
nine hundred and stx, before me personally came
Walter M. Wechsler, to me known, wito, being by
me duly sworn, did depose and say that he re-
sided at No, 182 West Seventy-fourth street, New
York City: that he ts vice-president of the Fort
George Street nalwey Company, the corporation
described tn and which executed the foregoing
Instrument; that he knew the seal of sald corpora-
tion, and that the seal aMxed to sald instrument
was such corporate seal: that It was so affized by
order of the Board of Directors of sald corporation,
and tat he signed his name thereto by ilke order.

A. BERTON REED,
Notary Public, No. 28, Kings County,

Certificate filed In New York County.

And the following resolutions were thereupes

ERPAS. the foregoing petition from the Fort
George Street Rallway Company. dated July
1906. was presented to the Board of Estimate an
Apportionment at a meeting held July 6, 1906

FESOLVED, That in pursuance of law this Board
sets Friday the 28th, day of Septernber 1994, af
10:39 o'clock in the forenoon and Room 16 In the
City Hall Borough of Manhattan. as the time and
place when and where such petition shall be first
considered, and a public bearing be had thereon
at which citizens shal! be entitled to appear aad
be heard’ and be it further

RESOLVED, That the Secretary ts directed to
cause such petition and these resolutions te be
published for at least fourteen (14) days in two
dally newspapers In the City of New York, to be
designated by the Mayor, and for at least ten (10)
days in the “City Record” Immediately prior to
such date of public hearing. The expense of such
publication to be borne by the petitioner.

JOSEPH HAAG Secretary.
New York, July 6, 1906.

LEGAL NOTICES.
LLL ILILL LIL ILL II IAD IPB
{No. of Petition Ks48,)

IN THE COUNTY COURT OF CHESHIRE
HOLDEN AT NORTHWICH AND WINSFORD,

IN THE MATTER of the County Courts Act 1888,
AND IN THE MATTER of the Estate cf Eleanor
Walley of Nantwich in the County of Chester
Spinster deceased and of a Decree of the Probate
Division of His Majesty's High Court of Justice
in an action Munroe and another v Cookson and
another dated 7th December 1807.

AND IN THE MATTER of the share of William
Walley in the Estate of the above mentioned Eleanor
Walley pursuant to the sald Decree of the Probate
Division of His Majesty's High Court of Justice,

AND IN THE MATTER of the share of Wiillam
Walicy in the Estate of John HKardley Walley.
PURSUANT to an Order of this Court dated the
13th day of June 1006 made In the above mentioned
matter upon the petition of William Cookson and
others an enquiry was directed who are the per
sons legally and beneficially entitied to the funds
now In Court to the Credit of the above mentioned

  
  

  
   

of the
f the

matter. ‘The sald Wililam Walley, If living, or, if
dead, bis widow and children or their legal personal
representatives, and all persons claiming under

him, are by themselves or by their Solfcltors on
Monday the nineteenth day of November 1006 at
the hour of 2:30 In the afternoon to come fn and
prove their claims at the Office of the Registrar
of this Court at 22 High Street Northwich, or tn
default thereof they will be Hable to be peremptor-
ily excluded from the benefits of any order made
or to be made In the sald matter. Wednesday the
12th day of December 1906 at the Drill Hal!, North-
wich at 10:30 o'clock In the forenoon ts appointed
for the further consideration of the matter of the
ane before mentioned. Dated this sevonth

lay of September 1906. WALTER C. CHESHIRE,
Registrar. NOTE —The sald Willlam Walley was
the son of Thomas Walley and Ann Walley his
wife late of Nantwich tn the County ot Chester,
and It is alleged that he went to the United States
of America about the year 1444, and to have settled
in Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin, and since
the year 1856 he has not been heard from.

 

INSANITY EXPERTS SEE THAW,
Tombs Doctor Excluded—Defence Will
Surely Be Insanity, It Is Said.
After much entreaty by his wife and
mother Harry Thaw consented yesterday
to receive three alienists and answer their
questions, and they spent an hour with him
in the Tombs. They were Dr. Britton D.
Evans of the New Jersey State Hospital! for
the Insane at Morris Plains, his chief of
staff, Dr. Christopher C. Beling, and Dr,

Charles D. Wagner of Binghamton.

The physicians reached the Tombs about
1 o'clock and were met by Lawyer A. R.
Peabody, who is associated with Clifford W.
Hartridge as counsel for the defe ice. Just
before they arrived Mrs. Harry Yhaw left
after her daily visit. She professed not to
know that the examination was to be made
and said that if it were true that her husband
was to be visited by three physicians the
call must surely be a social one.

Dr. McGuire, the Tombs physician, has
heen instructed by the District Attorney
to attend any such examinations, and he
asked that he be permitted to do so. Dr
vane said that it was not possible; that the
examination was to be atrictly private.
None of the alienists would talk after their
interview with Thaw, and Mr. Peabody
said he could make no statement until he
conferred with Mr. Hartridge.

From an authentic source it was learned
esterday that the Thaw defence will te
nsanity. The motion to take the case from

General Sessions to the Supreme Court will
be argued to-morrow, and Dist rict Attorney
Jerome will oppose it at every step.

 

=

TILE PT WE CS EL fish iy Fe