'

.

 

   
   

BROOKLYN ADVERTIS2 MENTS.
PRAIA AAA AAPA LLL ALS BPP

CALIFORNIA CORSET CO.

FULTON AND HOYT $T$.
BROOKLYN, N. Y.

Tel, 281 7L Main. —-W. 8. Allen, Prop.
Special Sale This Week

Corsets to order to best shapes, 68,76,
Reduced from $6.00,

Mace rust proof and ft guaranteed,

Heady made Corsets In gray only, 61.56
aod $2.00, Reduced from $2.00 and §2.

If favored with your custom, we w'
please,

raeee

CASE OF A LITLLE JEWELER.

ATTEMPT TO FOLLOW A RUSSIAN
REGFUGEE'S FORTUNES.

      
   
  
    

 

 

What Becomes of the Refugees After Ar
riving Here?—Apparently Plenty of
Peopie Are Ready te Help Them and
They Manage te Get Along Fairty Well.

Early in the spring the little jeweller came
over in the steerage from Odessa. A Rus-
sian refugee he was. For four days pre-
viously to boarding the boat at Odessa he
bad lived in a cellar, a hunted creature,
and yet you would never have thought it,
he was so dapper in his fur overcoat and
bis tall silk cap.

They had robbed him of every little ecarf-
pin of his jewelry. They had burned his
shop. They had shot at him. They had
endeavored to run him through with a
eword or two, but he smiled in a pink and
gatisfied way as he sat in the immigrant
boat on his way to New York from Ellis
Island, in spite of the fact that the only
clothes he had in the world were the clothes
on his back and not a cent had he in his
pocket. Sat there and smiled and emiled
in his pink way, glad enough to be out of
sound of shot and shell aad far from the
terror of swords.

This was the question: What had become |

of him? What becomes of all the Russian
refugees fleeing hither?

Alexander Harkavy, chief of the Hebrew
Immigrant, Aid Society of Ellis Island,
paused for a brief interval to offer one sug-
gestion, it being his busy day.

*We can’t keep up with them all,” said
be. “Our business is to land them safely
in New York. That ends our jurisdiction
over them. Yes. I remember the little
jewetier you speak of. I don’t know what
became of him. Probably eelling neckties
ontheBowery. Idon’tknow. Dothis. Go
to the Removal Office on Second avenue.
They will know.”

A long way this, but finally reached.
The chief of the Removal Office had to do
only with Russian refugees who were sent
away from New York. He spoke in this
wiee, briefly, it being his busy day.

“New York is no place,” said he,
the Russian refugee. It is too crowded.
We send on an average 3),000 out of the
city during the year. The industrial ad-
vantages are better in the South and West
than they are jn New York. We send them
to the mills in the South, to the farms in
the West.

“Many of them goto New Orleans, some
as far as California. They do so well as a
rule that they send back money for their
friends to come to them, They are not
happy without friends and family.

“Out of the 80,000 who come over here
during the year 60 or 70 per cent. are sent
away from the city. We pay their expenses
when they haven't enough, but mostly they

ve,
| The jeweller you speak of—I don’t
know what became of him. On the street,
perhaps, selling suspenders. I'll tell you
who oan find bim better than anybody.
Go to the Hebrew Charities Building further
up on Second avenue. Tell them I sent

"you."

It was their busy day at the Hebrew
Charities Building. The doctor ordinarily
in charge had gone away somewhere,
wouldn't be back till Monday, but a fair,
blue eyed young woman, up to her ears
in work, received the reporter in his stead.

“They oughtn't to have sent you here,”
she said. “We don’t help them until a year
after their landing. They are supposed to
land with enough money to last them a year,
or with enough friends to take care of them
for that length of time.

“No, I don't know anything about the
story of the loaves of bread being put out
on the doorsteps on the East Side for them,
but I shouldn't be surprised. The destitn-
tion in that neighborhood is terrible—des-
titution and disease.

“We can't see to the refugees at all. No,
I never heard of the jeweller you speak
of. He may be peddling trousers for all I
know

“If you want to get news of him and the
others go to 149 Rivington street. There
is a little girl down there who will tell you
all about them.”

The way was long and tedious down to
140 Rivington street and through narrow
lanes of pushcarts packed to suffocation-——
Pushcarts covered with neckties, carpet
Slippers, trousers, large pink and white
slices of watermelon and green

that Foter Piper may have picked—who

OwWs

Though the owner of each pushcart was
carefully acanned, no pink faced jeweller
showed up among them. The faces were
yellow in color and too thickly bearded,
Some of them, for beauty—all beard,
seemed,

No. 149 had thin iron steps, a narrow

1, small narrow steps, then a front room,
where a pretty black eyed girl sat drinking
mille out of a little green .

4m only temporarily in charge here,”

» “but I oan tell you one thing:

If we know ® petitioner is a omen verano
we get rid of him as quickly as possible.
® have so many of our people that we
must - people who have been here for
years who are in great destitution,

a look here,” tak
down from the top of the “He
the cagw of a woman who has been sleep
°@ 8 couch with her three children for
don’t know how long. She is boarding with

Sono

imagine what board this woman charges
for herself and her three children. Three
dollars 4 month! What do you suppose
she oan give them toeatfor that? Wouldn't
you think they would all starve?

I told her I wouldn’t help her at all
unless she got a room for herself. J offered
Tet $7 a month to rent the roem.

would give her a little more to live
. patil she could get started at some

“It is very hard for our le to get
work the New York Rousse on
‘ooount of their Sabbath. Of course you
know the Jewish Babbath comes on Satur-
Ye Saturday is the busiest day in New

ork. Taney then a man who refuses to
hn on that day—who will work on Sun-

Y, but not on Saturday—either a man
Or ® woman,

ou “8 coe ney qplskly @ eee
nm would refuse to employ him
or ber. Our people, who have become set

|

:
:

 

Store Opens
at ©
8:30 A. M.

 

 

5 oy

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS |

ie
RAP PAPAL ODL PLA PPDPPDPADE APL GPS

 

The

NEW YORK, SUNDAY,

r 4 ee Wy

 

 

 

Store Closes
at
6 P. M.

_We Announce To-day

The Loeser Player-piano

The Most Complete and Perfect Instru-

ment of the Kind Ever Produced.

Playable by Hand or by the Perforated
Music Roll.

To-pay IS AN ANNIVERSARY. Just one year ago

we first made announcement of the Loeser Piano,

the superb instrument to which we gave our name,

which after several years of effort and development

we then presented as one of the few really great

prices.

Pianos of the world.

The past year has brought to us so many expressions of en-

thusiastic approvel from

critical musicians that we know our

own high opinion of the Piano is justified. The Loeser Piano

stan
place
other high grade makers.

to-day unsurpassed by any Piano made; its merits having
it in a class heretofore dominated by three or four

It is significant that to-day, just one vear from the first an-

nouncement of the

Piano, we announce the completion of

the perfect instrument—the combination of the Piano with the
means to play it inside of the case.

Within t

yet it is extremely durab
piano players,
ties of manipulation.

cases of the Loeser Pianos has been placed the
best player mechanism ™ yeeaeee.
a.

It is simple in operation,
t pumps the easiest of any of the

It is most sensitive and flexible in ita possibili-
With a little practice it enables you to play
the most difficult and complex musical

compositions with wonder-

ful facility. By its aid the Piano responds to your every mood

and wish. In other words
ten music at the co)

, it places practically the whole of writ-.

of every one—without previous musi-

cal education, without the years of drudgery at technique which
have heretofore been necersary.

These are the musical instruments which we believe are the
most vitally important yet given to the world. They are of value
to the skilled musician as well as to the novice, for no musician
ever lived who could at one time command the repertoire which is
easily within the power of the owner of one of these Player-pianos.

The Loeser group of Player-pianos now consists of

 

The Reiman Player-piano at $475. | Tlie Heller Player-piano at $550,

The Loeser Player-piano at $700, $800 &$900

These prices are much the lowest at which instruments to be considered in the same class have
ever been offered, but it is one of the foundation cing oy of the Loeser Store not only to bring to
the Loeser patrons the best products of manufacture, but also to sell those products at the lowest

We directly interested ourselves in the manufacture of Pianos to secure that result. We have

now extended our field of musical instrument service that we might combine the best Piano Player

with the best Pianos—and do it at a fair price to the purchaser,
that at any given price the Loese

r instruments are without a rival.

Your Piano, out

vice, will be taken in exchange and a fair allowance made for it.

ished what artistic

in their ways, refuse altogether to give up
their Sabbath. They live for that day.

“You see in the poorest homes prepara-
tions going on for it on Friday, the cleaning
of the floors, of the windows, the spreading
of the cloth—if they have no cloth the piece
of white paper on the table for the candies.
They make a féte of it, the very poorest of
them,

“You goo small children getting on their
knees and scrubbing the floors till they are
so clean you could eat off them, preparing
for this Saturday féte which robs the’
fathers and mothers of work in the city.

“Then, too, a man who comes here from
the old country is already an old man in
many cases. t is to say, he is 30. Our
men marry young. At 30 they have already
five or six children, and for a man to begin
life in a new country so encumbered!

“Ob, yes, we have enough of misery with-
out ng after the Ruasian refugees. They
must white for themselves, at : . a a

ears ‘ore th®y can come to us for help.
- “Let me tell you, I had a man in bere
yesterday be me to let him have ten
dollars to start a little pushcart or a basket
with handkerchiefs. Ten dollars is a for-
tune to them. A man who hase fifty dollars
on the East Side is rich, rich!

“Your a, I fancy perhaps he has
set up a little peddling business, if he runs
to jewelry. Perhaps he has a pushcart full
of trinkets. It may be that he goes about
the Bowery with a tray of trinkets. Some
do that, ening orders.

“He wil] be doing very well.if he has been
able to afford that. Very well, indeed! Or
it may be that he has rented a cellar doorway
and sells dill pickles. Dill pickles and green

ere.
tH hardly think he'd fal] so low as to sell
nm corn on the cob out of a tin bucket.
wouldn't like to think that.
“Let me tell you what to do. Go to the
editor of Forward, the morning Jewish
r. He may be able to tell you where

It was also a busy day with the editor of
Forward. He sat in his sanctum pasting
slips of printed hieroglyphics on a large
sheet of plain white payer.

“I can give you five, minutes,” he said,
never once ne UP. from the sheet or

from it, “and that's all I can give you.

“You see,” he began, “this is a topsy
turvy country. Everything is upside down.
Everything goes contrary to what you are

led to expect.

“It ia exactly antipodal to Russia. When
it is daylight here it is night in Russia and
vice versa, 80 when our people migrate here
they also change. A man who had been
a great success in Russia becomes as great
a failure here and the man who has failed
there often sticoeeds in New York.

“I will give you an example. I knew two
Russians who came over about a year ago.

“One had enough money to come second
cabin, which is a great deal of money for an
hy: ao oe he also _
mo enoug buy himself a seventy-five
gent ainner. hat i a good deal for an
innigrant to pay for a dinner, isn't it?

“Well, the other fellow had exactly three
kopecs in his pocket. How much is a
kopec? About haifa cent. He had, there-
fore, § —_ and a half when he landed in
New York.

*No; I don’t know how he pessed the

immigrant.

————_$_$_ TT Se -
ceeneneee  —

Fourth Floor,

 

people at Ellis Island. I didn’t ask bum.
Said he had friends, I suppose.

“Well, do you know how that turned |
out? The kopec men started a news stand
on a corner; now has a news store and is
making money. The man who came second
cabin comes in here five times a day, beg-
ging me to get him work.

Rat's how it turned out, you see, crise-
cross, cat-a-cornered and topay tery.

*The little pink faced jeweller in the tall
It seems to me I do remember

silk cap.
me

hearing something about bim.

think,
“Yes. I remember now what became of

It seers to me they said he went

back home.

“Yes. That isit. He went back home to
hide in forests or in darksome cellars for
fear of his life again. He preferred to be
run through with swords or filled full of
bullet holes, I remember now they said
he told them, to selling long ears of green
corn on the cob out of a large tin bucket of
boiling water set on the curb.”

SHE WAS FROM SHEEPSHEAD,

And Was in No Hurry, Though She Did
Beem to Want to Catch the Train.

She climbed the stairs of the elevated
station at Park place very slowly. She
wore a black suit and a large black picture
hat, trimmed with big black tips. She
carried a number of packages neatly
wrapped up in white paper and in ber right
hand a small black leather handbag.

When she reached the top of the stairs
she stopped a few moments to rest and
recover her breath. The other people who
had followed her up the narrow stairs
rushed past her, for it was growing late in
the afternoon and a train was nearing the
station.

By the time her turn to purchase her
ticket came around there was a long string
of people back of her, but she paid no atten-
tion to them and took things very leisurely.
First she placed one of her bundijes on the
little shelf which protrudes out from under-
neath the ticket agent’s window. Then she
extracted her purse from her leather hand-
bag and, opening it, she took a crisp five
dollar note from outside of a large roll of
greenbacks.

Shoving the bill through the hole in the
ticket agent’s window she demanded one
ticket. The ticket agent tore a ticket from
a long strip and set about to make up her
change.

First came out nine nickels, then fol-
lowed five dimes, then came a silver dollar
and last of all three single dollar bills. It
took her some time to gather up the change
with her gloved hands and put it into her
handbag. In doing so she knocked her
ticket the shelf.

The ticket caerne the fore and a
man ou place in e
picked it up and returned it to coe ~~
this time the train had pulled into the sta-

A simple comparison will show

Any of these instruments will be sold on monthly payments if desired. We will make the terms
of purchase easy enough to suit your convenience.

of which you may get little ser-

Whether you care to buy or not, come in and hear the Loeser Player-piano. You will be aston-
rfection in musical expression this instrument places within your command—

within the command of any one who is interested,

   

 

tion and the people behind the wo
began to get impatient. One man glanced
at his watch two or three others made
remarks which the woman did not hear.
“Do these trains all run up Sixth avenue?*
she inquired of the ticket agent.
Yes'm, they do. Some run to Harlem,
—aie mere only go Saany OF See as Fifty-
street,” answered tic
weal I'm from eee
only want to go to irty-third street
to do some shopping,” she continued.
wand get there by taking one of these

“Yes'm; take any train at all. Ride up
until you come to the Thirty-third street
station and then get off,” directed the ticket

agent.
goal I’m Very much obliged to you,”

In taking up her bundle from the shelf
she knocked purse off and the silver
Contents scattered around the floor Two
or three men helped gather thém up.

“Harlem train, all aboard,” shouted the
guard on the car.

Than the prise cicssd with o beng, the
guard pul the bell rope and the train
started out of the station, leaving the
woman me the rest of the would-be pas-

ind.

“fast like a woman,” remarked one man
to another after he had just missed board-
ing the train by a hair's breadth. “Now
we will have to wait another five or ten
mony before another Harlem train comes

Ong.

The woman who had caused all this de-
lay walked up to the forward part of the
station, and ang Comm on the old wooden
bench content rself with rearranging
the contents of leather handbag.

Bay, and

 

WHERE CICERO CURED HIS GOUT,

Aacient Mud Bathe of lake Aguan til)
in Use.
From the London Daily Graphic.

Signor de Marinis, the well known Italian
deputy, has taken a leaf out of the hook of
hig illustrious confrére, Marcus Tullius Cicero,
bathing in the mud of Lake Aguan, as Cicero
did two thousand years ago, in order to get
rid of the gout.

The mud of the standing waters in the
district west of Naples was famous from
early times for the relief of arthritis; the
luxurious high livers of the Imperial days
knew its eMfeacy, and no doubt did their
“cure” thefe in much the same rough and
ready fashion as their modern representative
does now.

The district in which the beneficial mud
of Lake Aguan is deposited was known in the
old days -s Campi Phiegraei, the Phiegraean
Fields, and it lies between Naples and Cumae,
with Puteoli (Pozzuoli) on the seashore.
It is one of the most interesting parts of
Campania, and, of course, highly volcanic,
as is the whole shore of the Bay of Naples.

It in no doubt to the sulphur and other
deposits that the mud of the little lakes on
the promontory of Cumm owes ita health
giving properties, and as Nature works much
he same Way now in that region she did

 

in the time of the C the effect u
Signor Marinia’s goyt will be much the aaroe

Joints in the doze of the Phicerage Fields.

  

   

  

 

   

  

  

ee
. ts

men : ’ TY b
i wes wy’ » ” ee
* ¥ : ‘ m

 

oy ? ?

un

SEPTEMBER 23, 1906,—copyrions, 1000, by

wees Pah
'

The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

Bed Sets and Portieres :

In every detail the Leading Retail Establishment of Brooklyn.

 

Important News of Lace Curtains,

 

 
 
 
 

Store Closes
at
6 P. M,

: Some Near Half Price.

ae SHOWING OF THE NEW THINGS—the most complete and interesting display that the
U Store hundreds

ape ever made, rh draw
to-day we have especial word of large
Portieres which we can sell for considerably less than regular
Lace Curtain Sales in the Loeser Store are widely famous. It is enough

Real Brussels Lace Curtains.

Sets and

best offerings we ever made :
White Irish Point Curtains.

Real Arabian Lace Curtains.

$11.50 Curtains at........ 66. a pair

to $45 Curtains at......... @28.75 @ pair
to $00 Curtains at........ 839.7% a pair | $90 and

$6.75 to $10 Mercerized Portieres at $5.45.

$9 to 45
15 to $17.50 Curtains at.,.... 810. a pair and $6.75 Curtains
Bi Curtains at Biz. ° @ palr | $11.50 and $12.75 Curtains

$2 and $2.50 Broadcloths at $1.48.

ANY OF THE BEAUTIFUL COLORINGS cannot
be matched in equal quality outside this Store
under $2.50 a , one are worth lese than

$2a yard. Yet this sale is but one of several exceptional

values in the Drees Goods Store now.
These Brosdaiethe, are eae ae ee eet eane mee

Laer ieee and back. All 62 inches wide. 5 .

Broadcioth Bult- Imperted All Weel Piaids,
ings. OR DSe.

54 tnee ne
An even dozen’ designs and Compare the quality with
anything you will find outside

coverings showing dark red,
a,
ae. wih 6. this Store for $1.25 a yard.

gray, een,
ete., with a hair line of con-

trasting | color forming an And it seems that in pattern

: and coloring Plaids were never

so lovely. These will be sold

overpla

Imported pasome Cheeks
this season exclusively through
the Loeser Store. 89 new

Color com nations are
brown-tnd-grom, navy-and-

een, navy-and-brown, all patterns.
Snother similar fabric that,| 81 Black Cheviot at 600.
will give such @ wear at | 61 Black Castes Suiting

n small and medium si
checks, We don't know o
the price.
Second Pioor, Film Place.

Women’s $25 to $40 Tailored Suits
at $14.98,

IFTY STRICTLY TAILORED SUITS from a maker

F whose product has few rivals in style and work-

manship. The coats are 27 inches long with semi-

ks and single breasted cutaway or fly fronts.

No and shaw} collars and lining of taffeta or peau

de cygne. Skirts are » plaited t and back and

with lapped seams. e Suits are fancy gra in novelty

stripes and hair line effecta—the smartes the season.
None sent C. O. D. or received for credit.

$55 to $75 Tailored Suits at $37.98.

Siaty Suite in this group and very few duplicates. Rich broad~-
cloths, novelties, stripes and mixtures. lao a few volies. Coats
are short, hip length, medium, three-quarter and seven-eighth
lengths, some trimmed and others plain. All are richly lined,
mostly with peau decygne, Skirts are gored and plaited. None
sent C. O. D. or recelved for credit.

Separate Skirts at@3.1.8.| Geparate Skirts at $4.08.

Second Pioor,

fitted

 

(65. Plain Colored Taffeta at 44c. )

ARD TO IMAGINE AN OFFERING from the Silk
H Store which would prove interesti to more
ple than this for to-morrow of excellent plain

colored taffeta Silk for 44c. a yard, The only pity is that

we have but 3,000 yards.

There are slight imperfections in the weave--hard to Sng
and not hurting the Silk at all ey A splendid line o
colors, including white, ivory, cream and black.

$1.25 Black 27 Inch Chiffon Dress Taffeta at 89c

Main Floor,

Instead of 10c. to $6 a Yard.

UST HALF THE QUANTITY we had when on sale last
J week—and was snapped > in one of the greatest
day’s sales we ever h in September. Now
here is news of the rest of the stock—a value duplicate of
last week’s offering.
These black Laces include 45 inch Chantilly Nets, Venise In-
sertions and Edges, Venise Galloons, Chiffon Applique, net top
Laces, Venise Allovers and 18 inch Chantilly Nets.

Some Remarkable Values in Cotton Laces
10. to 40c. Laces at Se. to | 4c. to 82.08 Laces at 10c.
Me. to 60c.
lOc. to 81.08 Laces at Se,
to Ge.

60c. to PSo. Laces at 40c.
None Sent C. O, D,

10¢. to GBe. Laces at Be. to
2%e.
Main Floor.

Another Remarkable Sale
In the New Corset Store

(Second floor rear—Where the Tea Room Was)

AST WEEK THE NEW STORE was opened with per-
L hape the most noteworthy sale of the kind ever held
in Brooklyn. To-day we have news almost as re-

markable.
$1 and $1.50 Corsets at 50c a Pair

One thousand pairs of “Sonnette” Corsets of white batiate
and coutil in four models, medium, dip hip and long effects;
trimmed on top with lace; mostly all have garters on front and
sides: sives 18 to 30.

$2 to $3 Corsets at 985c
Six hundred pairs of the well known “Auguaetine” Corsets,
made of batiste and coutil. There are five models, medium,
dip hip, high bust and short | effects: trimmed on top with
lace and ribbon: @arters attached; sizes 18 to 30,
Second Floor, Rear.

 

Important News of New Waists

E HAVE ENLARGED AND BETTERED the Waist
Store—not a whit more than the loveliness and im-
mense variety of the new Waists deserve, but so

that your choosing of them may be easier.

And to-morrow thousands of the prettiest new Waiste—es-
pecially the exquisite affairs of lace and silk—will make one of the
most notable offerings in the history of the Store.

alues are conservatively stated. See the Waists for your-
self to-morrow and you will know how conservatively,
84 and 65 Bilk and Lace Waists at 82.08.
Ble ck taffeta silk Waits, open front and open back styles, long

or short sleeves. Some are tucked and trimmed with embroid-

ered silk; also, colored taffeta silk Waists and shaded effects. In
this lot are some pretty black silk Jumpers. White net Waists,
with yoke trimmed with lace and lined throughout with aiik.

82.08 to $4.50 Bilk Wailsts at $1.08.
85 and 86 Silk Waists at 63.08.
86 and 87.50 Silk Walsts at 64.80.
88 and $10 Silk and Lace Waists at $6.08.

Clearance of White wn Walets.
Regularly $1, $1.59, $2.26, 92.08 an at
Re., OSc., 81.40, 81.08 and 62.98
Second Floor.

 

and important groups of fine Lace

bie ceeas aie Perbee

Real Renaissance Lace Curtains.

bere eeenee

$22.50 and $25 Curtains
$32.50 Ourtains

| $3.75 to $6 Wide Couch Covers at $2.75 and $4.45.

Third Floor, Front.

 

   

    

    
 
 

Re Black All Silk Laces, 5c to $1.98)

   
 
 

 

ily now.

Curtains, Bed

rices. The Upholstery and
say that this is one of the

White Nottingham Lece

ea pr. Curtains at Nearly Half Price.
‘8. a 95 Curtains.........
0m br | dan 8 Soren 00

Ruffled Renaissance Bed Sets.

of people here da

   

csesssssees MMB Pr | “gto to W13.50 Sets at 86.75.
cae TR pr. 817.50 to 820 Sets at 611.05.
IIIISaaiBo pr. | $5 to $6.75 Portieres at $3.45.

 

Men’s Autumn Suits at $12.50

FTEEN DOLLARS APIECE would bea fair price for
them—indeed there are few stores where you can
get such good style andsuch thoroughly good work-

manship for fifteen dollars.
put the lowest as well as the highest priced Loeser suit is
mar by distinctive points of excellence that are part of the re-
sult of owr close personal direction of the manufacture of our
Clothing.
There are ten new patterns, including fancy fabrics and bla
thibets, and the group ipcluden eoveral of the new models %
smart conservative sack Suits. Bizes from 83 to 46 chest
measure—ae bargain to-morroW at.......-..ee e+
Mais Floor, Fim Place.

 
 

Extraordinary Offering of $42,000
in Kirmanshah Carpets, for $21,000

EVENTY-SIX KIRMANSHAH CARPETS, the finest

os and, we think, the largest collection of these ex-

quite Caspete over gathered in a single Store, willbe
ready to-morrow niorning, and

Not One Marked Higher Than Half Price

We bought these Kirmansha carpets under conditions which

pe well be never duplicated again. Indeed the acarcity of these

ugs is so eponey [pcveaain that even for reguier Be it ig not
easy to find a sutisfactory collection. And yet, in the

ris ne market, we will have these Rugs ready to-morrow at HALF

THE REGULAR PRICES. The opportunity ie certainly an extra-

one.
ere is a list of sizes and prices:
9.1"7.8; regularly L, Cinnshanscsoocseccnccssvencoesscaged a
10.10x7.8; regularly $415, at °
rofuarty be
Hes
> ¥

-

Other Remarkable Oriental Rug Offers

India and Turkish Carpets, 685 to 8130. Werth Doubdie,
A barge variety of excellent India and Turkish Carpets, aver-

age size
Gorovans.

For brary and dining room these Rugs are ideal.
0.4x12, regularly $225, at S180.
10x12.5, regularly $240, at 8105.
9.8x13.1, regularly $260, at @21%.
10x18.3, regularly $275, at 8225.
Shirvans at 818.50, Many Worth $25.
$32.50 and $45 Cabistans. Special Value.
Mazaks at 822.50 and 628.50.
Third Floor.

 

  

Women’s $3 Shoes, $2.29

NE OF THE SPECIALLY GOOD VALUES of last
O week, which through good fortune we are able to
repeat for to-morrow. The Shoes are all well
made, in desirable styles and exceptional value at this
low price. :
mong the styles you will find:
Patent colt lace Shoes on new high arch last, dull kid tops,
plain toes, welted soles,
Dull calf lace pnaee, plain toes, smart and dressy, welted

soles, high Cuban heels.
Black kid button and lace Shoes, patent leather tips, welted

 

and stitched soles, modest heels.
° Second Floor, Rear.

  

New Carpets : Exceptional Values

HE FACT THAT THE LOESER STORE is the chief
Brooklyn customer of mast of the leading American
carpet makers shows pretty well where Brooklyn

people prefer to buy their Carpets. Yet this leadership has
not come through favor, but because we have studied to
assemble here not merely at immense variety of patterns
but patterns and colorings which should especially appeal
to good taste. And we —_ rigidly rejected everything
that would not give splendid wear.

There are some advantages in being the largest customer of

sre maker—price advantages, such as we present to you to-day,

hese low prices are on new stock and fine stock. e 6) t

comparison will show that they cannot easily be match
90c. Tapestry Brussels at 6c.
$1.10 Vetvet Carpets at S7c. 7

81.25 Axminster Carpets at 000,
$1.50 to $1.45 Body Brussels at 61.25.
$3.25 Royal Piltons at 61.08 and $2.25.
+ « ‘Matrd Floor.

 

Underwear and Hosiery.
NE REASON WHY SO FEW REALLY GOOD OF-
FERINGS; of Underwear and Hosiery are made
nowadays is that the manufacturers, on account of
the higher cost of raw materials, have had to sail close to
the wind and there is seldom any overplus to be bought
underprice,
In the fage Jf such conditions, such a sale of Hosiery and Un-
derwear as we announce for to-morrow is extraordinary. In

many cases the articles cannot be manufactured for the prices at
which you may buy them. Read the details:

Men’s Underwear,

at ooo” Regularly up | s¢-
e * Regu ar u o .
? At 600.) Regularly $1.

; Women’s Underwear.
se At O&c. larly 83.
; At 25c., Special.
Children’s Underwear.
ae Al 12c., Begularly 250.
e At 10c., ularly
At B0c., ips. Be y 50c. te 62.

, Women’s Hosiery.

oe 20¢. and Zhe. Stockings at 10c.
25c. to 50c. Stock =o at 19¢,
s of 3 .

i ie tetag:
: 81.85 Silk Stockings at O5o.
Children’s Hosiery.

15¢. Stockings at 7c.
20c. and 250. Stockings at 12 c.

Men's Hosiery.
Man 8S, tet Nase
40c. Socks at 25c. ue

w ‘s Children’s Underwear on the Second Floor. 4;
omen orher Advertised Goods op the Main Floor.

       
   

  
 
  
 
  

  

812.50 a

 

 

   

      
 

ee