—s

o> On ees

ae

 

mere Ee _—_-- . -

;
ir
‘
0
’

      
  
    

The Log Cabin}Camp Passing and Beautiful Country

Houses Taking Its Place

Pai

XXX MMM MX Kx ays

i
¥

ass xx MX D4 re. V4 * 4 y

a ae ba Bee, & =

_ There was a time when a summer camp | From the days of long ago, when New

the Adirondacks not built of big spruce
gs with the bark on was the exception,

the charm of life in the woods was be-

to depend upon such a dwelling.

The shaggy sides and rough overlapping
of the logs seemed indispensable ad-
ncta to the life in the mountains. There
that woodsy feeling about them that
them as the only proper Adiron-
habitation. They seemed part of the
forests, the beautiful lakes, and the
ntains surrounding them on every

  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

Life in such habitations seemed like
ting back to nature, and the owners of
camps declared that in them was real
comfort, comfort of the lasting sort. And
in the face of this worship of the rustic
Adirondack architecture, the passing of
ithe bark covered log cabin in these moun-
Bains is at band.

There are several reasons why this is so,
ghe principal ones being the fact that each
‘year the logs are more difficult to get and
that the campers have found that while
the log construction is very pretty to look
at while new, it is anything but attractive
when, after a few years, the bark begins to
dry and peel. There is still another reason,
which old time campers in the mountains
bate to admit. Plainly stated it is this:
the Adirondacks are not to-day the se-
cluded camping ground of years ago.

Every year the Adirondacks are becoming
more citified. New camps are being built
and the new campers are bringing with them
mew ideas of comfort. The Adirondack
camps are slowly but surely being trans-
formed into Adirondack country places.

This fact is perhaps nowhere more in evi-
dence than in the St. Regis Lake region,
where the log cabin construction was really
first made typical of life in the Adirondacks.

 

Yorkers first began the erection of camps
along the shores of these beautiful lakes, up
to the coming of F. W. Vanderbilt to join
the summer colony there, the log cabin was
the only form of camp habitation used. To
the tired New Yorkers their log cabin homes
nestling among the trees bordering this
beatiful chain of lakes seemed to express
the nearest approach to perfect rest and
contentment possible on this earth.

When Mr. Vanderbilt purchased Hamil-
ton MoK. Twombly’s camp on the Upper St.
Regis Lake he began by tearing down some
of the old buildings connected with the
Twombly camp. Thesacompany of Japa-
nese builders appeared om the scene, and
when at last-out of the mass of timbers odd

| little Japanese buildings emerged, poking
their queer upturned eaves into the foliage
of the Adirondack trees, all the St. Regis
camping region looked on amazed. It was
something unheard of, Japanese archi-
tecture in the Adirondacks.

Of course there was much criticism.
Many faults were found with the new archi-
tecture, but in the. end every one had for
the reconstructed camp nothing but praise.
It was so unusual, so beautiful and withal
so comfortable; and strange to say it
seemed to harmonize wonderfully well with
the rugged setting of rocker and hills. Then
and there the log cabin ceased to be the
only accepted form of construction.

Since the completion of Mr. Vanderbilt's
camp few if any new buildings have been
erected at any of the St. Regis Lake camps
of rough logs. The new construction has
in each case given evidence of an attempt
to get pway from the primitive Adirondack
style of architecture and in its place to sub-
stitute the mast attractive of the features
of the architecture of other countries.

For instance, George H. Earle, Jr., of

The Two Annie Cadells

Mystery of a $100 Bill—One of Detective Cronkite’s Cases.

 

1.

“Jt is most unaccountable,” sighed the
Rev. Dr. Crozier.

“It must be accounted for, all the same,”
@umed Ezra Stacey.

Judge Marcellus shrugged his shoulders
in mock despair.

“Look at this array,” he said, pointing to
the piled up briefs, cases and files on his
desk. “They have been marshalling them-
gelves against me during my vacation,
and are now eager for action. And yet you
ask me to interest@myself in the trumpery
Joss of a hundred dollar bill! If you weren't
euch old and valued friends——”

“Not trumpery to me!” began the clergy-
man, ruefully.

“You seem to forget that this young
Dalton fellow is engaged to my daughter
Agnes, by her will, rather than with my
oonsent,” thundered the merchant.

“Well, well,” the Judge submitted, “the
shortest way is the best. You say Capt.
Dalton puts up at the Travellers’ Club?
Likely he's there now for luncheon. I'll
just telephone him to step over.”

With a promptitude that attested his
military training Edgar Dalton presently
entered the private office, greeting the
Judge and then turning with like cordial-
ity to the others. Something in Dr. Crozier’s
drawn lips and Mr. Stacey’s heavy frown,
however, caused him to bring his extended
arm smartly to his side and to stand at
attention.

“Since it is a matter of business,” he said

to the Judge, “kindly state it without de-
lay.”
“Here's the situation,” returned the Judge
just as tersely. “These two gentlemen
drove home together from the Cadell place
after the wedding. Mr. Stacey rather
joked with the Doctor over the smallness
of his son George's fee, and the Doctor, in
support of his contention that it was a
goodly one, took a sealed envelope from
his pocket and opened it. It was empty.
He had received that envelope from you
as George Stacey's best man.”

“My God!” muttered the Captain, very

e.

“Yes, and I saw my son George put a new
hundred dollar bill in that identical en-
velope and seal it just before he went down-
stairs to drive you to the Cadells’,” inter-
rupted Mr. Stacey. “Do you deny that?”

*I have nothing to say,” replied the Cap-
tain, erect and stern.

"Tut, tut, young man,” the Judge re-
monstrated good naturedly. “To stand
route is the worst possible course in law or
morals. I know you young fellows were
having high jinks up in the smoking room
afterthoceremony. Why not admit at once
that you were not yourself and reimburse
our good Doctor here for your careless-
ness?”

“I am sure,” said Dr. Crozier hesitatingly,
*it is furthest from my wish or thought to
be censorious. I am apt to be absent-
— myself. Let bygones be bygones,

say.”

“No!” shouted Mr. Stacey with a mighty
bang on the desk. “Not by a little bit!

ee

There is no room in my family for a thief,
a drunkard or an idiot. Let him explain
satisfactorily, or——”

But the Captain, choosing the better
form of action for expressing the alterna-
tive, picked up his hat and marched out of
the office. So hurried was his coming and
so abstracted his going that at neither
time did he notice as he passed through

the outer rooms that a somewhat stolid |

looking man sitting at one side scanned
him at first sharply and then sympathet-
ically.

 

Philadelphia, who owns two camps on the
St. Regis chain of lakes, one on Spitfire and
the other on Upper St. Regis, has just com-
pleted a boathouse built entirely of stone
in a style resembling that of old baronial
castles of England. The structure is built
entirely of round stones about a foot in
diameter. These were selected with great
care and Mr. Earle had men hunting for
months before enough were found to com-
plete the structure. They are laid in black
cement and from the lake the building
presenta a striking appearance.

Mr. Earle, who is something of an archi-
tect, drew the plans for this building as
well as for the other buildings of his camps.
One of the features of the interior con-
struction of this boathouse is a great fire-
place rising from the centre of the floor
above the water and open on both sides,
ite arch being almost high enough to permit
@ man to walk through erect.

A squash court constructed by Simeon J.
Drake is another instance of the movement
which ‘will some time do away with log
cabin construction in the Adirondacks.
Like Mr. Earle’s boathouse, it is built of
smooth round stones gathered in the moun-
tainous country round about at great
trouble and expense. The style of the
building is that of the Bwiss ch4let.

Mr. Drake gave evidence of his love of
the rustic in camp construction, however,
when early this summer he replaced one of
the shore buildings of his camp with one
of the prettiest bits of rustic architecture
to be found anywhere in the Adirondacks.
This is a little summer house so constructed
over the water’s edge on big curved log
supporta as to resemble a pulpit, and as
“Drake's pulpit” it has come to be known
among the campers up and down the St.
Regis chain.

But even here evidence is given of the

“I know you lacked the courage to say
‘No.’ ”

“We were thrown together.”

“Agnes did the throwing, I'll vow

“At least you are consistent,” said the |
Captain resignedly. “I ask you to meet
me for the last time, telling you that circum-
stances compel me to leave the country;
yet you can’t resist flouting, mocking.”

“Because you are not sincere,” retorted
the girl with a show of animation. “Of
course, you are making an excuse to follow
Ethel. Haven't I always known——”

“It is not so, Annie. How unreasonable
you are, you sweep the whole circle with
your suspicions. I care for her, as I do for
you, as an old friend, to whom I would be
faithful——”

“Faithful
phrase? Ah, bow well it applies.
long as I can remember the shadow of
death has overcast our home. Is it any
wonder that I pretend, that I act a part?

unto death—ian’t that the

For as

denote an empty soul? Oh, I hate my-
self!”

“That shadow was never heavier than
it is now, Annie,” replied the Captain.
“Listen, and you will see that I am acting

Abe Cronkite found little difficulty in | for the best, you will feel that you must

following the Captain unobserved. The
young man strode moodily through the

 

a moment and then, as if impulsively re-
solved, boarded a passigg street car.

“He is going out to the Cadells’,” reflected
Cronkite after a glance, “and I can beat
him there ten minutes by steam.”

And he hurried to the railway station.

The Cadell estate was essentially the
show place of the country side. Its gates;

 

by the lodge, stood hospitably open until |

| sunset, welcoming tourists to the enjoyment
of its smooth roads and pleasant paths.

|

building, paused in the main entrance for |

cooperate to make the explanation of my
leaving conclusive, instead of by your honest
doubt, your loyal indignation—oh, I know
your soul as I know your face, and I honor,
I trust them both - causing the very inquiry
I would avert. You will help, as you al-
ways have, though rebelliously?”

For a moment the two sat silent, mutu-
ally reviewing, mutually comparing, in that
communion of secrecy which needs no utter-
ance. Then walton related the strange
complexities which had forced him into
his present position, but in such low tones
that, strain his ears as he might, Abe Cron-

But James Cadell had also provided for | yite, from his hiding behind «he hedge,

privacy, when, twice a widower, he brought
his two daughters, Ethel and Annie, from
England to this new home. The old-fash-
ioned gardens, enclosing the house, were as
seclusive as if a moat had been thrown
about; and within them the two stepsisters
had strolled and dreamed as maidens,
fancy free, until George Stacey married
Ethel and carried her off to Europe; thus
breaking an intimacy more conventional
than affectionate.
In response to Dalton’s telephone call
from the village, Annie Cadell loitered
} through the gardens awaiting his coming.
| Like all the Annies of song and story, she
| was tall and fair, with blue eyes, flaxen
| trees and pink and white complexion.
| As pretty as a China doll, she completed the
| likeness by a lack of light and warmth.
| “Some-new horror?” she said lanquidly,
| when she and Dalton were seated on a bench
under a clump of hedge.
“A revival of the old one, I fear,” he
answered.
“Dear, dear!

ride blithely by to court and tryst.”
“You always put me in a sanctimonious,

hypocritical position, Annie; and yet the | help hearing more or less while waiting

| Lord knows I have done no more than any
| half decent fellow would do; no more than
| you yourself, with all your cynicul philos-
| ophy, would do if you were a man.”
“Not 1,” laughed the girl, though mirth-
| lessly. “I’d exact my full privilege as a
lord of creation.”

|
|
| But George saved my life——”
“A mere physical aptitude on his part.”
| “I am engaged to his sister.”
“A mere moral inaptitude on your part.”
“Annie, you know that isn’t fair or
.

ae

’Tis poor Quixote’s fate to \
tilt with every windmill, while other knights |

could not catch a single word.

“There,” at length the Captain cried,
springing to his feet, “I know I can rely on
you, Annie, as I always have. And 80, |
good-bye, until happier days.” |

The girl started to her feet, she stood |
watching with eyes strained, with bosom
agitated, until the tall, straight form dis- |
appeared beyond the windings of the path; }
then, a doll no longer, she threw herself
prone upon the bench, weeping as only a
woman can, who knows at last, but hopes
no longer.

Why not? Doesn't an expressionless face

 

III.

The Judge looked up sternly as Cronkite
entered the private office late that after-
noon.

“I must say, Abe,”*he began, “that your |
conduct is singularly remiss. You take
advantage of a friendly interruption to |
absent yourself all day, though I had hardly
stated a most important and exigent matter
to you.”

“You see, sir,” explained the detective
with a faint smile, “your friend Mr. Stacey
js so vociferous when excited that I couldn't

outside. When the Captain came in anx- |
fous and went out dejected, I had a pretty |
true idea of the situation.

“But it’s all right, sir; I kept close on his |
tracks. He's safe and sound in a sailors’ |
boarding house down on the waterside,

where he'll remain in disguise until the |

Antic, on which he has taken eteerage

| but again I say I don’t

| rather than guilt.

 

passage, sails. By that time——”

“You are incomprehensible, Cronkite,”
snapped the Judge. “What possible con-
nection can there be between the flight of a
discredited man caught in @ sourvy act

+

”

 

*

         
     
 

aw ae tly ee

DUNVAX, OLFiLMOLN £0,

   
 

   

ve i: vet aa why > ie eth =

a euy ae "i pe
Wi Vite See Ge

ny 2 HOUSE AT UPPER ST.
wy CAALP OF GEORGE HK LARGE,

VAPANESE TEA HOUSE, FW. VANDERBILT'S CAMP

nt

tendency to break away from the old log
construction. Years ago this wculd have
been Luilt entirely of logs. Now only its
exterior is of rustic construction.

it reata upon a very up to date concrete
base.

A camp just erected by Mrs. Clarence
Britton on the Lower St. Regis Lake is also
in the Swiss style of architecture and in
keeping with the general breaking away
from the old time log cabin construction.

One of the most attractive tuildings of
the Vanderbilt camp is a tea hcuse on a
point of land jutting out into the Upper
St. Regis. Another pretty shore building
is the boathouse with its upturned eaves
and timbers crossing above the roof ridge.

The interior furnishings and decorations
of all the buildings of the camp are in keep-
ing with their Japanese architecture. Were
anything needed to help out the illusion
the presence of Japanese servants flitting
silently about the rooms would supply it.

The combination of Japanese art with
Adirondack scenery presents a pleasing
result. The camp must long rank as one
of the show places of the Adirondacks.

Atype of construction that is finding favor

 

and a case so pregnant with vital, I trust
happy, issues——”

“With submission, sir, suppose you state |

it to me again. You had barely finished;
it might well be that I did not acquire your
judicial grasp of it.”

“You do very well, Abe, considering,”
said the mollified Judge; “and I ought to
remember not to expect too much. Let
me recapitulate.

“Ten yeara ago all London rang with
astounding reports about one of its oldest
and most respected families, the Kimberley -
Dells. It was said that the venerated head
of that banking house had discovered the
young and beautifyl wife of his son and

Its
interior is finished in matched jumber and

|

 

|

junior partner, James, in the very act of |

committing a theft, and that when he ex-
postulated with her she had in a sudden
fury stabbed him repeatedly.

“These rumors were unhappily verified.

The condition of the old gentleman became |

so critical that the doctors would no longer
consent to concealment. The authorities
intervened and young Mra. Kimberley-
Dell was committed to jai! without bail.
“She died there of shame and rage. Her
husband, unable to endure the stain on his
name and fame, left town with his two

|

daughters for parts unknown, and has never |

been heard of since. Then his father died
from the injuries, leaving a vast fortune

“His will directed that it should be kept
intact for ten years, and then descend to his
son James or his lawful descendant, with
the proviso that Anne, the daughter by this
criminal] second wife, should have no part or
share.”

“You didn’t tell me that, sir,” interrupted
Cronkite, ‘

“Possibly not. I, of course, tried to leave
out superfluous details. The main point is
that my correspondent wants me to find the
fugitives, claiming that he has reason to
suppose they sailed for this port.”

“I thought as much, sir, from his having
written to you.”

“And consequently?”

“And consequently, sir, when it became
evident that the captain was going out to
the Cadells’ I went out there, too.”

“I don't see the connection.”

“But you will, sir, by reflecting on a very
common idiosyncrasy. Men seem unable

ee

|

with many who, recognizing the disad-
vantages of the old log cabin, still hate to
abandon entirely the charm of the rustic,
is of spruce logs stripped of their bark and
coated with a thin varnishlike oil. In
this shape, it is asserted, log construction
will last for many years.

Levi P. Morton adopted this construction
in building his new camp on Eagle Island
in Upper Saranac Lake. The logs stripped
of their bark give a camp a very light;
cheery appearance and the oil finish with
which they are treated is said to preserve
their color a8 well as prevent their decay.

W illiam Rockefeller, the largest individual
owner of land in the Adirondacks, is another
who does not care for the log cabin type of
construction. Indeed, Mr. Rockefeller’s
main desire seems to have been to make
his buildings permanent, for all are solidly
built and have shingled exteriors.

Each building is suited for occupancy in
the early spring or late fall, as well as inthe
midst of thesummer. Mr. Rockefeller’s pre-
serve is situated along the line of the New
York and Ottawa Railroad, the camp proper
being at Bay Pond, where Mr. Rockefeller
has a private railroad station.

On the other hand the old style log’ cabin

opened and daintily wetted into place by a
woman, I should say. I concluded that
in all probability while the Captain’s top
coat was hanging in the dressing room a fair
kleptomaniac had gone through his pock
ete; that he immediately decided who the
culprit must be and recognized his duty
not only to protect her but to warn her
to accapt his sacrifice.

“Naturally I followed him, and this is
what I learned.” And the detective de-
tailed faithfully the conversation he had
overheard between Dalton and Annie Ca-
dell.

In the Judge's face a struggle plainly
showed between a new and amazing idea
and the judicial;conservatism that would
shun if not discard it.

“By Jove, Abe,” at length he said, “there
is no escaping the logic of facts. Dalton,
as I know, has long been intimate with the
family.

“He ia evidently party to a seoret, the
vital importance of maintaining which
the girl finally admitted, despite her petu-
lance. She said, remember, the shadow
of death overhung the house.

“Don't you see what it must be? Cadell
managed to bring his guilty wife over with
him; he has kept her there in concealment
ever since.”

“It fita, sir,” conceded Cronkite dubiously,
“and yet it doesn’t; though | believe the
Captain thinks as you do. Money can
do much; it might filch a prisoner from an
English prison; but the woman was officially
declared dead; there must have been a sub-
stitution wonderfully like.

“And the way Miss Cadell talked—didn’t
it strike you as strange; and yet it was
natural for her, only we don’t understand
the nature. Let me ask you a few ques-
tions; you are well acquainted with all the
persons of the drama. What sort of a
man ia Cadell?”

“Old, grave, burdened with care and sor-
row, just as he would be if what I say is
so,” anawered the Judge a bit testily.

“And George Stacey?”

“A fine, brave, manly fellow. He rescued
the Captain from drowning once. He too
has looked careworn of late. Don't you

| see? Coming into the family, he has been

ever to escape wholly fromthe associations |

and sounds of their names. No matter how
anxious a man may be to conceal hia iden-
tity, in nine cases out of ten his change of
name will be far from radical. Something
in him seems to demand that the new name
shall at least sound natural.”

“Your homily is interesting enough, Abe,

“And yet, sir, it is quite easy to derive
the name James Cadell,
James Kimberley-Dell.

dence is wortii examining, I think.”

“Even if that is ao,” said the Judge slowly,
“jt does not explain your interest in (Aavt.
Dalton.”

“I think I ama pretty good judge of char-
acter,” replied Cronkite modestly. *The
Captain's face and bearing gave me the

|
{

}

told.”

“And his wife,
Cadell?”

“A noble young woman, her father’s
right hand, rather oppressed by responsi-
bility despite her happy mariage. Can't

who was Miss Ethel

| you see, Cronkite?”

|

“And Miss Agnes Stacey?”
“Aa nice, whole souled and impulsive a
girl as you could want to know, as fond

| of the Captain as he of her, and I couldn't

| hardly characteristic of a young woilnan |

i

impression that he was burdened with duty }

Besides, when the worthy
clergyman passed through he whipped hi
handkerchief from his pocket and with it
a blank envelope, which I picked up and
while passing the time closely examined

sealed twice; the scent of tobacco clung
to it, and so did a certain heavy perfume.
The flap showed some little scraps where it
had been torn from the under aide.

!

| say more.”
from the name ! y,

Add an English |
estate and two daughters and the coinci- |

“Then Mias Annie Cadell’s talk, sir, with
Dalton, in which she hits and slaps at eaci
and every one of these nice people, was

who ehared with them a common sorrow,
even though petulant and jealous. Had I
only overheard, had I not been an eye-
witness, I should have thought that a mature
woman, tormented by the yearnings of her
heart, by the pricks of inexorable fate,
neurotic rather than passionate, yet waken-
ing i:to passion, was talking.

“Well, if it be so, and Miss Stacey is such
as you say, the meeting of the two may
force a revealing crisis. And then the

| provisions of old Kimberley-Dell’s will,
“That envelope, sir, had undoubtedly been | delaying settlement for ten years, as if

in hope that death might remove a diffi-
culty expressly stipulating that Annie, the

| daughter of the guilty wife, should not

inherit—— Don't you eee, sir, incredible

“Hastily licked together by a man; then ! though \t seems? That woman——"

= about it, especially on chilly,

'
“Well, sir, you never would believe it,

 

 

construction still finds favor with such
camp owners as Adolph Lewisobn, Alfred
G. Vanderbilt and Timothy L. Woodruff.
Mr. Vanderbilt’s camp, Sagamore Lodge,
includes a number of buildings built of logs
in rustic style.

Some pretty effects have been secured
by the use of cedar slabs with the bark on
used in spots where the solid log construc-
tion was found impracticable. In the
amusement hall, one of the prettiest build-
ings connected with the camp, the interior
finish is oiled spruce.

Nearly every building in the camp is
equipped with a great stone fireplace and
the place has a very homelike and cheery

damp days when the huge log fires are
started. Mr. Vanderbilt’s preserve in-
cludes Sagamore Lake and about 1,500
acres of land.

Mr. Woodruff’s camp lies to the north
and east of Mr. Vanderbilt's. It is perhaps
the camp most thoroughly typical of the
once prevalent idea of rustic construction
in these mountains to be found to-day.
Kamp Kill Kare, as Mr. Woodruff named it
long ago, is situated on Lake Kora. All of
its buildings are of logs and the open camp

 

!

 

|

HILANE
TI

on the lake shore, where Mr. Woodruff
sleeps on pleasant nights, is built in back-
woods style, the cracks between the logs
being stuffed with moss and clay.

The camp of Adolph Lewisohn is of logs,
but all of the numerous buildings are elab-
orately furnished and all are lighted by
electricity.

In the immediate vicinity of Lake Placid
the log construction is finding less favor
from year to year. Several fine new camps
have been built about the shores of the
lake recently by Francis Shunk Brown, J.
Wesley Durham and others from Phila-
delphia, Prof. E. R. A. Seligman, George
H. Daniels and Victor Herbert. All give
evidence of the fact that the rustic in archi-
tecture is by no means an essential feature

| of life in the North Woods.

What is true of Lake Placid is also true
of the new camps on the Lower Saranac.
Dan R. Hanna, son of the late Senator Mark
Hanna, voiced the sentiment against the
log cabin construction among the new camp-
ers on that lake when he built his camp
a few seasons ago. An odd construction is
that incorporated in one of the buildings at
the camp of Dr. Walter B. James on Spitfire
Lake. Though the lower part of the main
building of the camp is of logs, the
upper part is finished in weather beaten
boards.

To secure these Dr. James found it neces-
sary to purchase some old farm buildings of
farmers throughout the mountains, erecting
for them new ones in place of the old. By
the use of these weather beaten boards the
rustic appearance of the camp has been
maintained without the use of logs through-
out.

By such means are lovers of the rustio
in camp 'life striving to put off for a little
longer what they know must surely come,
the complete pessing of the log cabin as a
camp home in the Adirondacks. Whether
it will be a matter of five years or of twenty-
five no one is prepared to say, but those
familiar with camp life in these mountains
agree that the time will certainly come
when what are now the camps of the region
will be converted into a series of beautiful
country places in the construction of which
will have been incorporated many of the best
features of the architecture of this and other
countries.

 

 

 

But the detective’s declaration was cut
short by the bursting into the office of
Ezra Stacey. 4

 

av.

“By the Lord Harry, Marcellus!” shouted
that irascible old gentleman, “here’s a
pretty howdedo! You know I told you
how strong headed my girl, Agnes, is.

“Well, I broke the news to her about
Dalton as delicately as possible—pointed
out her plain duty to forget him, and all
that. But she wouldn’t have it; no, not at
any price.

“She didn't say much; she never does
until afterward. But thia afternoon she
put over to the Cadells, and gave Miss
Annie a piece of her mind, claiming, of
course, that some job had been put up on
the Captain there to ruin him.

that Cadel] girl turned on my Agnes like a
tigress, whipping a dagger from her bosom
and slashing her on the upraised arm,
raving and ramping about her own love for
Dalton like mad, distorted, hideous.
“Why, Agnes says she looked like an old
woman, and she--I never heard of sucha
thing!—always so prim and lackadaisical.
You can bet my girl just put for home to
her pappy, more scared by what she couldn’t
understand than hurt by what had hap-

pened.

“Now, Judge, you know me for a quiet,
peaceful old codger, anxious to live on
good terms with my neighbors and ready
to do ‘most anything rather than have a
breath of scandal. But 1 can’t stand for
any such ramptions; you know I can’t.

“So I telephoned Cadell if he didn’t meet
me here in fifteen minutes With a full, free

| explanation and apology, I’d have the roof

of his house, to say nothing of his hide.

By the Lord, here he is now.”

An old man entered the office, white of
hair and beard, with livid face, tired eyes
and bowed back—a pathetic figure.

“Yes, I have come to explain, to atone,”
he said dully; “but there is so much that is
strange, unbelievable; my thoughts are in
such a whirl, my nerves so unstrung.”

He sank into a chair, burying his face in
his hands.

“Let me help you,” said Cronkite gently.
“We know more than you suppose. You
| are James Kimberley-Dell?”

“Yes.”

“You managed to extricate your wife
from prison in England, where the charge
of murdering your father ia still pending
against her, and to bring her to this coun-
try?”

“Yes.”

“You were enabled to do this,” continued
| Cronkite, with a fentative strain to his
| voice, “because your daughter by her,
; Annie, who much resembled her mother,
| died at that time, and her body was put in
| her mother's place?”

“Yes.”

| “Since then your wife has passed as your
daughter Annie?”

“Yes, Yes! Bear with me for a moment.
| gentlemen. .
| “She was not to be judged by ordinary

standards—a poor, abnormal creature, to
| be pitied, not blamed. There nas no possi-
!
| ble reason for her to steal; she did so, once
| and again, under some overmastering im-
pulse which she didn’t even remember.

“No more did she recall, save as we all
may the figments of a dream, her occasional
and sudden bursts of fury. Her life here
was not an unhappy one. She actually
came to think of herself as Annie, my
daughter, Ethel’s stepsister.

“Bhe actually came to believe that-my

———— ——= ——__

rr

 

wife; her mother, was hid in the upper
story and committed the pranks and mis-
deeds which she herself had committed
This is what our friend, Capt. Dalton,
thought; and _the two often talked the mat-
ter oVer together.

“She accepted the situation with a strange
lack of interest or excitement which kept
her young and beautiful. But of late some-
thing affected her strongly, rousing dore
mant emotions——’”

“I don’t take stock in such psychological
stuff,” blurted Mr. Stacey. “The plain truth
is, she is an escaped murderess——”

“Hush,” warned Mr. Cadell. “You voice
the Philistine judgment, the cruelty of
which more than justifies my. care of her.

But it is too late now. She is dead; dead by
her own hand.”

A DEAL IN CABBAGES.

Lesson in Business Given by a Pedier to a
Woman Seeking a Bargain.

The huckster’s wagon came slowly down
the street, the setting sun sending ite long
beams ahead of the horse as he moved
wearily along. On the seat sat the seller
of vegetables, happy, despite his fatigue,
in the thought that only a head of cabbage
remained of the heap of produce with
which he had started in. He was an en-
ergetic, keen witted huckster.

The huckster’s last head of cabbage
was a good head, and its owner was keenly
alive to the chance of selling it, althoug!)
the hour was late. As he glanced from side
to side of the street, seeking a purchaser;
he was hailed from a doorway by a hous>-
wife's cry:

“What are you selling?”

“Whoa, Bill,” said the vender to his horse,
and to the prospective customer he calle
“Only one cabbage left, missus.”

She went to the curb and asked:

“Is it a good cabbage?”

“Sure; as good as any ever came from
Jersey.”

“How much do you want for it?”

“It’s worth a dime, lady, but I want to
sell out, 80 you can have it for a nicke! ”

After peeling off one of the outer leaves
to make sure the head was sound the woma”
accepted the cabbage and handed the
huckstera nicke). The coin was transferre(
to his pocket, already well filled, and the
cabbage was placed in the woman's arme

As she turned to go another woman ho
had come up during the chattering said (0
the vegetable merchant:

“Got any cabbage?”

“Yes, ma'am; got one head left,” waa th»

“.
“How much is it?”

“Ten cents.”

“Is it a good head?”

“Finest kind of Long Island cabbage.”

The woman who bought the vender's
last head of cabbage was astonished by
his calm assertion that he had one left
when she knew that the bottom of his cart
was bare. She waited to see how he would
satisfy the second woman.

When the latter said “I'll take it,” the
huckster turned calmly to the owner of the
cab) ¢, took it from her arms and hance
it to the new customer. At the same tin
he took her dime from her fingers

As the first woman stood with mouth
open, astonished to protest, the secon!
walk away. Then, as the woman ce
prived of her cabbage found voice to say

ee:
“That was my cabbage. How——”"

The huckster interrupted her with

“Yes, ma'am, I know it. Here’s the dime
I got you for it. You’re in a nickel.”

But I didn't want to sell it.”

“Didn't want to sell-it!” he exclaimed )
a sorrowful tone. “Sure you did, when ¥:
could make a profit like that. Never mis
@ chance to make money, lady. That's 'h’

 

 

way to rich. Here’s your dime,” 1”
etill fazed, ahe took the dime, he said
*Get up, Bill.” . -