ve Map meal

 
      

  
    

The tragedy of it simply swept you off

”

wr feet
m1 he baby left on the doorstep of a found-
ling asylum -fancy that!”

*And she went back to her husband, and
pobody knew,”

“They met first at ‘Carmen,’ no, the
Meistersinger.’ =

“And, oh, to watch her lose her mind,
little by little, wasn’t that dreadful?”

“Ves, but how well she did it!”

Thia conversation was overheard by a
reporter from THE Sun in the pleasant
sitting room of the Three Arts Club while
waiting for Miss Jane Harriss Hall, the
guperintendent and manager. The three
girls talking presumably represented the
three arts, music, painting and the drama,
ip which the club is interested.

The Three Arts Club is domiciled in a
brownstone building at Sixty-second street
and Lexington avenue, It is in the fourth
years of its existence and this season an-
other house across the street has been
rented, which shows the growth of the
club.

Wherever there is a woman's club one
feels an impulse to inquire concerning the
deficit.

“Is it really self-supporting?” is asked,
and Miss Hall, gowned in the becoming
dreas of a deaconess, smiles and sighs simul-
taneously.

“I wish I could answer yes right off to
that, but I can almost say it—almost.”

*And that means?”

“That it would be self-supporting if we
had a home of our own. In order to get a
house large enough in the matter of dining
room, sitting room, kitchen and laundry,

 

 

we have to have big bedrooms and that
means, necessarily, that these have to be
shared by several girls.

“In some of them we have to put three
girls together, and while there is plenty of
space, as the bedrooms are enormous, the
practice isa bad one. A girl should always
have the privilege of a separate sleeping
room, if she desires it.

“Even with this disadvantage we have
nearly made good of late, the income last
year approximating two-thirds of the total!
expense.”

The Three Arts had a small beginning in
an apartment. To-day the applications for
membership are so many that there is a
waiting list as long as a kite tail. The
overfiow sometimes is accommodated in
rooms nearby, with the privilege of enjoying
dinners and hospitality at the clubhouse.

“As a deaconess of old St. Mark's Church,”
continues Miss Hall, “I was long ago in-
terested in a club for students situated in
the rear of the church where youth of both
sexes met once a week for social inter-
course. At that time I came across many
young girls who had come to New York to
make a living and who were disappointed
in not being able to procure refined sur-
roundings, good food and proper com-
panionship. °

“One evening} not wo very long ago; I
laid down my book and pondered over the
stories girls had told me of their experiences
in finding suitable living places. I remem-
bered one story of a girl in her teens who
came back after a long tour on the road late
at night--her first home coming.

“She had had an exhausting season; and
it had proved a financial failure. She

SUNDAY NIGHT SUPPER FOR THEIR FRJENDS.

 

Word ARTISTS
OF THE PULPIT.
Try Studying Titles of Sermons
When in Need of Catchy
Phrases.

 

 

“If I were looking for a catchy title for a
book, a melodrama or anew manufactured
product I would hie me to the ministers,”
said a man who has the habit of making
odd collections. “For some time I’ve been
collecting the subjects of sermons, as ad-
vertised in the papers, and if clergymen
do not know how to catch the eye of the
public I don’t know who does, Allitera-
tion, sonorous words, curious phrasing,
surprising combinations of the practical
with the spiritual, striking balancing of
the very old with the very modern, all these
devices they use with the deftnesa of the
highest paid ad. writer.

* The Fate of the Man Who Faced Both
Ways.’ ‘The Will of a Woman,’ ‘The Man
Who Siew a Lion on a Snowy Day,’ ‘Spiritual
Whittlers Saved by a Service,’ ‘The Young
Man on the Fence,’ ‘Hell: What Is It? Where
Is It? When Is It? ‘Heart Failure,’ are
somettities I have collected.

“Can this be matched for catchy allitera-
tion? ‘The Seraphic Sweep of a Sainted
Soul.’ Here aré some others: “Triumphant
Through Tribulations,’ ‘The Prayer of the
People and the Power of the Preacher,’
‘The Cause, Crime, Control and Cure of
Anarchy,’ ‘Victory Through Volleys of
Votes," ‘Ministry of Memory,’ ‘Soothing
Strains from Heavenly Harps.’

“Just notice how sonorous and elaborate
these are: ‘Crumbling Castles and the
World's Impregnable Fortress,’ ‘Unweary-
ing and Unremitting Beneficence of the
Intinite,’ ‘Life's Crucial Moments: Mystery
and Meaning,’ ‘Belahazzar, the Haunted
Heart,’ ‘The Shaking, the Shaken, the
Unshakable,’ ‘Christianity—The Why of It
and the Worth While of It,’ ‘The Cumulative
Power of Accumulated Possessions,’ '
ligi'n by Programme, Priest or Proxy.’

“Inere are all sorta of devices to clothe
the old in a new dress, or rather to put
modern applications on old truths. *
Prophet in the Pews,’ is a topic that would
attract a much larger congregation than @
stereotyped ‘The Duty of the Man in Church
Life,’ or something similar. Who wouldn't
be attracted by ‘The Geograpty Arith-
metic and Grammar of the Christian Life,’

Our Fallen Prince,’ ‘Christ and the Crowd,’
‘The Trials and Triumphs of the Professions,’

Jesus and the Rich,’ Da: of God in Decision
Valley,’ ‘Would Jeeus Join a Labor Union?’
A Notorious Crook Who Became a Glorious
Saint,’ ‘The Passion for the Impossible,’
Destiny Concealed—Duty Clear‘?

Thero are numberleas short, terse sub-
cts: ‘Sin as Crookedness,’ ‘The Right of
Way,’ ‘Price of Truth,’ ‘The School of Life,’

Self as a Standard,’ ‘Our Criminals,’ ‘Who

and Why,’ ‘How Old Art Thou?’ ”

 

Gravestone of Poacher. j

From the London Graphic.

The last man hanged in England for poach-
ing Was sufficiently respected to be honored
With a tombstone above the ordinary. This
sone, which is in perfect preservation, is
'o be seen in the churchyard of North Badder-
ley, five miles from Romesey. The inscription
ffelains the situation; “In memory of
: ‘aries Smith, who suffered at Winchester
a the 23d of March, 1822, for resisting, by
boerme, ne apprenension by the game
soebers of Lord ant, Palmerston, When
ound in High Coppice, looking after what
‘called game. Aged 30 years.

If thou seest the oppression of the poor
and violent perverting of judgment an
piatice ina province, marvel not at the matter,

4 he that is higher than the h re-
Cae. oes there be higher than they.’

THE ACTOR FOLK IN SUMMER.

 

If you will look in the city directory you
will get at the truth of how the actors have
been passing the summer.

There is John Drew. Have you sup-
posed that, immaculately groomed, he
has been at some fashionable seaside re-
sort? Turn to the Ds and you will learn
that he has not been on Long Island or
wherever it is that you have been led to
believe that he passed the summer days.
According to this unimpeachable author-
ity John Drew was hard at work in the city
as “a mover.”

Quite a change from his winter occupa-
tion, did you say? Well, if you did, you
haven't seen him in “His House in Order.”
He’s a mover there, too.

But John Drew is not alone in this scheme
to deceive the public as to the real happen-
ings of stage folk. There are others, many
others.

You wouldn't think; for instance; that
Marie Cahill would stoop to deceit? But in
black and white she is pilloried. Mary,
not Marie, please, is a “wid” and she lives
on Third avenue; not a very swell part of
town, but “wids” can’t be choosers.

At the directory manufacturing plant
they say that from year to year many “wids”
drop out, having changed their name and
thus concealed themselves. So it would
seem that Mary has competitors and that
may be the reason why, instead of going to
Paris to choose her gowns or yachting or
motoring, she has hardly gone out of her
flat all summer, say her nearby friends.
Mary apparently has hopes, even if there
are hundreds, nay thousands, of other
“wids.”

It’s all very well, too, to say that Charles
Klein went to Europe or that he spent the
last few months collaborating with Arthur
Hornblow in order to turn a drama into a
book. But here again is the directory to tell
us that he did nothing of the kind, for a
man can’t run a delicatessen store and
write books at the same time, can he? And
they say trade over at the delicatessen on
Tenth avenue has been fine this summer
and Mr. Klein is in good form.

William Crane can't get away from char-
acter work even when it's hot. Shut your
eyes and picture him. Do you see him sail-
ing a raceabout off Provincetown, fishing
in the Rangeley Lakes, climbing the high-
est Ad in the Adirondacks? Guess again!

Mr, Crane gets good money in the summer
time. He is by turns a messenger, &
plumber and a member of the oxygen works

which is preceded his well known name.
It#must be in this 44... that he stores
up his wonderful lung power and marvellous
ca ty for work.

n the coored quarter of town Hattie

Williams plies her trade as dressmaker.

’ Ask the people over there and they'll have

word to say for her.
lanche Bates only appears as a member
of an advertising company and it must be
admitted that she has done pretty well con-
sidering her other duties.
Weber deals in hate, and they say that
you couldn't get by his place without bein,
dragged in and made to buy so he needn
impose any longer on 4 sufferin blio with
tales of bis summer cottage ent is trips to
Europe.

ammerstein sold hats, too—ladies’

natnand is billed as a milliner.
Mansfield, whatever his faults, has cer-
2"

tain! tried to fool the publ
tainly should be given bim Eoere or.
directory simply speaks o im as Rich
' Lit ie true that he has a
Mansfield eo perbap.

‘ "+ @ammer cottage at New

Real Facts About Their Outings Culled
From the City Directory.

THE THREE'ARTS CLUB

A Home for Young Women Sivdying Mvsic, Painting and
the Drama.

landings being dark and she starting tim-
idly at every sound. When she entered her

a ¥ 4, aw y “ t ni ,

rang; and after a tiresome wait, a surly
janitor answered the bell and abused her
for disturbing his sleep.

“Up three dusty flights she climbed, the

room the gloom outside was deepened, the
one candle she lighted sputtered in its
aocket and an atmosphere of desolation
enveloped her. She threw herself on the
bed and oried herself to sleep.

“This is not an exaggerated picture at
all. I have seen it, often.

“It was half-past 11 when I finished my
thought painting. I was sitting up to open
the door for one of my girls who had written
me she was coming back from a theatrical
tour, and I had taken the place of the maid.

“When I heard the bell, I hurried to the
entrance, and as I did so I became con-
scious of doors opening all over the upper
halls. I glanced up to see the entire house-
hold of girls, some in night dresses, some in
kimonos, all in various stages of undress,
waiting to welcome the wanderer.

“She was tired from the trip; you could
eee that at once; but her face brightened
‘immediately and the tired look went like
magic. Her housemates clustered about
her, one took the heavy bag, another her
umbrella, a third helped her off with her
coat, a fourth had saved some supper for
her; for the moment she was the queen of
an affectionate circle. This picture, too,
is not exaggerated, and I leave the com-
‘parison to yourself.”

What does a girl have to pay for all thie?
Five dollars a week if she lives in the house,
$3 for her room and $2 for her dinners.
There are no breakfasts or luncheons served,
but the lack is remedied by giving the
members the use of the kitchen, and this
privilege is taken advantage of by nearly
all. They may also use the laundry on

in days.

In case a girl has to live outside she
can get her dinners either for $2 a week or
30 cente for a single one. Membership
fees are for the outlanders $1 a week, which
gives all the comforts of the club except
meals and bed, such as a place to receive
visitors, admission to the buffet supper
Sunday evenings, which is supplied for five
cents a plate, and theafternoon tea, which is
served every day at 4 o'clock and which
is often accompanied by music from the
students of that art.

The community life which such a club
as this represents is altruistio in its
tendencies. This is shown in many little
ways.

When one girl starts to get employment

 

 

SPANISH COMBS REVIVED.

Paris Likes Spanish Modes and Then They
Hold Up the Big Hats Well.

The old fashioned comb which atands
high in the back hair is once more the mode
in Paris, Fashion has decided that the time
for its return has come.

There has been for the last six months a
rage for everything Spanish.in Paris. There
are Spanish dishes on the menus of the
boulevard restaurants, and in the music
halls Spanish dances are the most popular.
It is to this taste for everything Spanish
that the present favor for the high tortoise
shell comb is attributed.

But there is also a useful phase to the re-
vival to which investigators may well give
their attention.

The fantastic hate of the last two or three
seasons will next winter be more eccentric
than ever. They bend and turn in every
direction. They are piled up with artificial
curls and puffs which are too frail to hold
the millinery firmly in place.

Nothing has been found that does this so |
well as the high back comb. Placed under
or immediately below the back rim of one of
these piles of feathers and silk felt a comb
gives it something like permanent repose

 

 

 

     

Ey Be igi ela

ee
ae ye Ree be ba

THE “SUN; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 28.1906.

 

>
~

al i ee ai

—_

Sd

ri

~s

IRONING DAY AT THE CLUB,

 

the rest are as much interested as if she
were a sister. They look first of all at her
apparel to see if she is beyond reproach out-
wardly, and if not the wardrobes of the rest
are levied on until she suits the most fas-
tidious. Her success is theirs.

When a member comes home tired, de-
pressed, out of sorts, there seems to beasort
of wireless telegraphy to announce the fact.
She may not know why her special room
should be chosen for a sitting room that
evening, but it is, and before she goes to
bed she has heard such hard luok stories
from the rest that her own troubles seem
trivial. The fit of blues has passed.

“Yearly the number of girls who come
to New York is increasing,” Miss Hall went
on. “The underlying cause I think is the
higher education which they have had in
colleges and academies.

“When a girl has completed her course
there she is not content to resume the old
domestio drudgery. She wants—she does
not always know what she wants; but she
believes she will find it in New York, and
as a preliminary the chances are ten to one
that she picks out one of these three arts
as a lower round of the ladder.

“The majority of girls in this club who
are on the stage or etudying for it are college

 

   

= if

aa [Ny

 

graduates; and they say that their ambition
in this direction was first aroused by the
college plays and the widespread interest
at college in everything dramatio.

“The girl who in the quiet of a country
home has resorted to the attic and there
dreamed between recitations of Racine
and ‘Fedora that she is a second Bernhardt,
nothing less; the choir singer who hears
between services her voice compared to
Nordica’s or Sembrich’s; the Rosa Bon-
heurs, in hope if not in practice, fill the
nooks and crannies of this great city. A
few return worsted by the oonflict, but
the majority of these come back after they
have recuperated in health and bank ac-
count.

“Home is the best place, the domestic
life the happier, but the statistics of each
recurring year prove the futility of say-

 

y

THE THREE GIRLS REPRESENTED THE THREE
ARTS THE CLUB 18 CONCERNED IN.

 

 

also made in the deep black veined brown
of tortoise shell.

Some of the prettiest are edged with tiny
balls of the same colored shell and others
have fleurs-de-lys made in the same manner.
This relieves the plainness of the straight
line at the top of the comb. Other patterns
have the high comb carved with points and
one of the most striking styles shows a row
of balls as large as marbles on the end of
long points carved out of the shell.

Gilding is frequently employed in the old

 

i ceeneneneenneeEEREEEn ERE
. MYA z
Ni Wi
al

 

SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE HIGH SPANISH COMB.

 

and prevents it from shaking as if it were at
any minute likely to topple over.

Women who own these high combs may
now take them out of the resting place,
whether it be a bureau drawer or the étagére
in the rfarlor, to which they were long ago
consigned as museum pieces. The shops
i Paris are full of them and already they
are seen at the most expensive of the New
York hair dressers.

They come in all styles. The perfectly
plain comb has a high band at the top and is
free from carving. In this same quality of
tortoise shell they may be had for $100 if the
carving is sufficiently elaborate, ;

When t hey are inlaid with gold and mother
of pearl, and of course orn&mented with
jewels and beadings of pearls and diamonds,
they may cost as many hundreds as a Pitts-
burg millionaire would want to pay.

For the ordinary woman with means that
permit her to be smart without going in for
extravagance there are to be had in the best
shops combs that range from $4 to $16 in the
jatest style and with the touch of modish-
nese that is so necessary. They come in
amber of the palest yellow tint, which is
becoming to brunette beavtv and they are

 

Spanish combs and in these new modes. In
one the edges only of the carving are tipped
with gold. Another has tiny balls of shell
gilded until they appear like metal. Along
the top of one of the highest combs, which
was otherwise absolutely plain, was a thin
line of gilding,

Scarcity of Quall.
From Country Life in America.

Quail starved to death by thousands in the
winter of 1904-05, but last winter they had
an easy time except in February and March.
From Massachusetts to Indiana the «juail are
ao scarce that restocking has become neces-
sary.

The birds for this purpose are hard to find
More than 100,000 have been captured in
Alabama and the Southwest, where they still
occur in abundance, and have been astipped
north for breeding. Even this supply
quite inadequate, and ma not last long. The
quail is perhaps our most popular game
bird, and a market will be found for all thar
can be oroduced
had in raising them on a small acaie, Why
should not some one co into the business on
such a acale that he could tura out 100,000
quail per year?

   

 

’
|

 

is |

|
|

Complete success has been |

 

 

ETTING TO BED
EARLY NIGHTS.

 

Brilkklins Not the Only One That
Hasn’t Sense Enough to
Do This.

 

“I was going to bed at 8 o’clook to-night,”
says Brilkklins, “and here it is 11.”

And then Brother Brilkklins gets up and
gets ready slowly, and shaves, and finally
gets to bed about midnight; and gets up in
the morning at 7 o'clock shy an hour's
sleep, which impairs Brilkkline’s fire and
effectiveness somewhat, for Brilkky is a
young man, and young men require plenty
of sleep.

With plenty of sleep they turn out fresh
and vigorous and strong. And atill they
don’t seem to have sense enough to go to
bed.

Here’s Brilkklins, for instance, been out
and up late now three nights in succession,
one night late at the office, the next night
calling on his girl, and the next night late
at the office again, home early to-night and
really ought to go to bed, but sitting up
late just the same.

He really meant to go to bed early, but
with the strain and interest and excitement
let down it’s comfortable and easy to sit
around, and so when he gets settled he reads
a little and smokes a little and talks a good
deal and dawdles away the time, till the
first thing he knows it’s 11 o'clock, and it’s
midnight before he actually presses the
pillow, when he meant to go to bed at 8,
which really meant, say, as early as 10.

But then Brilkklins is not the only one.
There are plenty of people, old and young,
that don’t know enough to go to bed nights.

 

MEN AND WOMEN,

Save in Europe Most of the Nations Have
an Excess of Male Population.

The Statistischea Jahrbuch, published by
the German Government, contains every
year about fifty pages of comparative
statistics of the world. This is a source to
which writers on the comparative statistics
of nations very often go for information.

In the Jahrbuch for this year the statistics
of population as to sex are collated. Some
countries, as France and China, give only
the total population without distinguishing
the sexes and they have to be left out of
the calculation.

In Europe, the only countries in which
the number of males is given as exceeding
that of females are Servia, Rumania, Bul-
garia and Greeco, all of which are Balkan
States. The Teutonic, Latin and Slav
natiors have a slight excess of females,
which is often only a few thousands and
rarely as much as 600,000.

In every other continent, most of the
nations have an excess of male population;
thus in the western world, Jamaica, Mexico
and Venezuela alone have an excess of
females. The United States, Canada, Bra-
zil, Argentina, Uruguay and other coun-
tries have an excess of males.

So far as accurate atatistics have been
obtained in Africa, only the French posses-
sions and the Gold Coast Colony, have an
excess of females, while in Egypt, the
French possessions, the Transvaal, Orange
River Colony and Cape Colony, males are
the more numerous. ,

In none of the Asiatic countries are females
peseaisiorir iis os bane
aus Pp are 810888

y nae ? ma
PR NG Ove

ae
erp ae"

 

‘

‘8

 

ing this, and so when the girls do come | all, as perfect health must be the foundation

we do our part in providing a substitute
for that home.”

“And marriage! Do many of the girls
marry?” is asked.

Again the cheerful pessimism of smile
and gesture.

“A few, a very few. The man of the
middie class in New York cannot afford
to marry and live with any degree of com-
fort. The tnoome barely sufficient for
one cannot be divided into two portions
unless it ise those of the lion and the mouse,
and the self-supporting woman has had
to put aside her mouselike tendencies, if
she ever possessed them.

“The college education tends toward
criticism, and the easiest object and the
most vulnerable is the man. The years
the girl has spent at school he has been
struggling with the problems of the work-
aday world and the results may have in-
creased his bank account but they have
uot done the same thing to his faculties of
— 20 he fails to interest the

“Last year I had some statistis made
up in relation to the namber of pupils in
the schools of the three arts. These figures
showed in the publio art schools 1,913, in
the dramatic 412 and in the musical 2,037.

“The pupils studying in private schools
are not included in these, and by far the
greater number study that way. I should
say that where there is one ‘pupil in a
public school there are a hundred studying
in private. .

*The greatest advantages of the club-
bouse as I have studied them are first of

‘4

Fee
iy

a

pe!

of every successful career, that the girls
eat at regular times.

“The second advantage is found in the
working atmosphere; here cheap and weak
sentimentalism finds no place, ambition
does not gauge ability and experience is
at the disposal of whoever can profit by ft.

“The girl who comes with a distinct con-
tempt for everybody who doesn’ paint
landscapes or portraits finds that there
is no market for those luxuries of the
arrived, but that she can do illustrating;
designing, advertising work. This rule
holds good with the students of musio and

the drama. They learn how to know .
themselves, which is as important @ lesson |

now as it waa in ancient Greece.”

Back at the starting point Miss Hall :

mentions again that she wishes that they”.
had a home, a real home, where every

girl could have her little sanctum, where P
there would be two cats and no heavy":

rents,

“And the deficit?” again inquires the ¥

visitor.

So far that has been met by the
of managers, Mrs. Frederick Vanderbil
Mrs, C. P. Hemmenway of Boston and
few other good friends. The board
managers includes Mrs. Thomas Ho’
Mrs. Ogden Codman, Mrs. Cooper
Mrs. Robert Burnside Potter, Miss
Rapallo, Mrs. Bradish Johnson, Mrs,
las Robinson, Mrs. C. F. Cham!
Mre, Edward C. Post and Mrs.
Spencer. Bishop Greer is honorary
dent and Mrs. John H. Hammond
dent.

a)
Q

% CAAT

| (nme

meyly

 

THE FINB ART-OPCONSOLATION,

j The Un

re Make your

An House Beautiful ;

 

usual Store,

own home’ ,.3) {

 

Hotels, apartments, residences, country houses, boarding” { >|
houses and single rooms can be made- doubly attractive at a

slight expense by

Oriental Drape

Oriental Madras, tn plain, mixed |
and stained glass color effects, 40
inches to 72 inches in width. Prices
5Q0c. to 3.00 per yd.

Plain and fancy nets, all colors.
Prices BSc. to 1.00 per yd.

UPHOLSTERY FABRICS by the yard, reproductions of the.rare and / $

ries and ‘Rugs 4.

~

fy

ae

Tapestry Couch Covers in Kelim, ‘
Perstan and Cashmere
Prices from 3.00 to 15.00 each.

Astistic Table Covers, all sizes, a i
made from exclustve fabrics. ‘Prices; if '
vary from 10.00 op. 5

expensive hand made pieces, solid and mixed tones, suitable for Drawing | +: if
Rooms, Living Rooms, Libraries, Dining Rooms, Chamberseand -Halls.¢.-

 

Japanese Folding Screens

Four fold 534 foot black cloth

Four fold 5% foot cloth screens,
silk floss embroidered panels. Good
value 7.50, special......-...5-00

Four fold § foot hand painted
Japanese figures on cloth. Good
value 7.50, special..........0.00

Four fold 5% foot cloth screens,
gold embroidered panels. Good
value 10.00, special..... .---8.00

Four _ 5% foot cloth syeene +
ght colors. Good value 45.00,
apecial.....0++secccecsencsh 50
Four fold 5 foot black satin, em-
broidered in silk, carved frames.
Good value 15.00, spectal,.. 2.00

Four fold 544 foot cloth screens,
light colors, polished frames. Good
value 17.50, special.....+..15.0O0

Four fold 544 foot satin screens,
silk embroidered panel on red,
reen and black ground, thistle
Teocension. Good value at 22.00,
spectal....ccccccevccccc awk SO

 

Teak wood§Furniture

Tabourettes, Tables, Chairs, Sofas, Jardinier
and Card Stands.

 

| Special Sale

} Teapoy Tables

In Black or Red Teakwood. Height
sions of top 12x16 inches. Regular

5.50.

Lemp or Card Stands)
Black or Red Teakwood. Height 36
inches, circular top 1044 inches in|

diameter. Regular price 12.75, spe- |
GE ss seraseevevecscaerss ise 9.30

32 inches, dimen-
price 7.00, special

Jardinier Stands |
Black or Red Teakwod. Height 18
inches, circular top 1514 imches in
diameter. Regular price 16.50, spe-
cial 12.00

| A. A. VANTINE @ CO.

> Broadway, Bet. 18th and 19th Sts.

 

 

   
   
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

|
:
“i
of
i

iS