precession tong aes

ee

Colors and Designs New This |

}only on very close examination can one |

Season.

WHOLE COSTUMES MADE OF IT.

Also Coats Ranging From Bolero
to Redingote.

‘

Increasing Evidence That Velvet Is to Have
@ Comspicuous Fiace Among ihe Sea
son's Materiais —It Comes in Plaids and
Checks and Striking Combinations of
Lines—The New Cloths and Sultings
Very Attractive ami Some of Them
Very Expensive—Parie Medcls Occa-
sionally Marked by an Absence of Trim-

ming—Opinions Differ About (oat
Lines—Brakis Beautiful and Varied.

Presumably folk of modest tnoomes
to go clothed during the coming season,
¢ a first hasty view of the new materials
and trimmings suggesta that emall pro-
— has been made for such a class.
showing of high class and expensive
Ities is unprecedented and, naturally
yenough, these are the offerings which are
post in evidence and which first cateh the
wye.
Behind them is a host of desirable things
costly but full of attractive posel-
ties, and, though luxurious extrava-
gance in feminine dress takes another long
ptride forward this season, there never wes
m@ time when a woman could dress so well
— given amount of money as she can
i provided she knows how to make
the most of her opportunities.
The best of the new oloths and suitings
ange in price from $2 to $4, with occasional
wpoaring into. prices far above these. At

 

HELIOTROPE CLOTH AND sSOUTACHS

$2.50 a yard there are novelty suitings of
imfinite variety, cheviote, serges, cloths
and unclassifiable stuffs, all beautiful in
quality and most of them beautiful in
color and design.

The spectacular is not the rule in theese
high class woollens. On the contrary,
the manufacturers have bent their energies
toward subtleties of color and line, and
the plaids, stripes, and mixtures whioh share
the honors with plain broadclotbs are trt-
umphs of color blending and wearing.

Greens melt into browns, browns into
blues. A half dozen colors apd several
shades of each color may be associated in one
cloth, yet so perfectly are the colors blending
s0 soft and unobtrusive are the shades,
that not a glaring note in discernible and
one does not know what to call the domi-
nating tone of the goods.

The plaids, stripes, &c., are produced by
this shading more often than by definite line,
though an over line of some color or of
black may stripe or bar the many toned
eurface and consequently the designs are
go indefinite and shadowy that one often
looks twice before deciding whether the
material is really plaid or stripe.

Possibly if one were recklass enough to
indulge in generalization one might say
that green and brown combinations pre-
dominate in these novelty suitings, and there
fe no denying that these two colors are
tremendously popular. However, blue and
green are repeated almost as often, and the
blue and green mixtures are eo different
@ thing from the blue and green checks and
plaids so familiaryduring recent seasons
that the combination bas al) the effect of
movelty.

The deep plum shades, wine reds, jacque-
gainot reda, 40., are cleverly harmonized

 

GREEN CLOTH

with greens and browns and blues ani grays,
or are plaided or striped in self shadings,
with perhaps over lines of black. One
@harming line of French suitings, particu-
larly light in weight and of smooth soft
finish, has shaded stripes of two colors,
blue and green, brown and green, wine and
brown, so skilfully woven that it is almost
impossible to tell where one color melts
into the other. A satin finish narrow line
of black @verstripes this groun@ at two
ineh intervals, and the whole color scheme

VARIETY IN VELVETS|

is so soft and dull and harmonious that
it gives almost a one tone impression.
Other delightful colorings are found
in mixed asuitings of exquisite quality,
into whose pepper and salt surface fully a
dozen colors and shades enter, though

separate the color scheme into its com-
ponent parts. Some very handsome novel-
ties have grounds of thie description with
embroidered designs scattered over the
surfaces.

For example, an extremely chic French
model costume is made of such a mixture,
whose many colors combine to give a soft
grayish green affect, anf at wide intervals
over this surface are embroidered little
nut brown circles filled in with a green
much deeper than the tone of the material.
Plain one tone surfaces also show em-
broidered designs in self tone or in con-
trasting color.

One succes: fi] class of French suitings
as light in weight as a Henrietta cloth, but
showing a fine twill cord, is particularly
attractive in a dull deep blue with tiny
embroidered leaves half green half deep
violet set at three inch intervals. The
same material in green with leaves of
brown and deeper green is very effective.

Then there are the finest of chiffon broad-
cloths embroidered in small set designs in
self-oolor, and one house has exclusive de-
signs of class in which the embroid-
ered figure is graded in size, growing larger
toward one edge of the material. This
cloth is, of course, extremely wide, and
a akirt may be made crosswise of the cloth,
the larger motifs of the embroidery falling
at the sktrt bottom.

Black and white and black and gray
mixtures are many among the new suiltings
and obtain novelty through unusual! effects

 

 

 

 

| in wearing, s0 that they do not recall the

} suitings of similar color so generally worn
in the spring. A majority of these mixt-
ures are now soft, loose woven and slightly
rough, and many of them show a mixed
ground witb fine line stripe or plaiding in
black or in dull color. Black and white
or black and gray goods of this class plaided
by grouping of tiny broken checks in dif-
ferent sizes are liked by the French dress-
makers.

Many new and pretty black and white
or gray mixtures are found among the
velvets, as well as among the woollens
Indeed, a large number of the smartest
new fancy velvets suggest tweed or cheviot

'
|
|

|

|
|

 

THE

 

of velvet and with the happiest results in
ao far, of course, as velvet street costumes
are concerned. One velvet has a mottled*
or pepper and salt ground combining many
browns and blues and white, the whole so
disposed as to form a shadowy stripe.

Even more effective is this same design in
blues and greens and browns and white
A velvet ground suggesting a fine herring
bone weave of black and light gray, with
a line stripe of black, is shown in several
designs, the difference consisting merely
in the width of the black stripe, which
varies in the different designs from a quar-
ter inch to a three inch width.

SUN, SUNDAY

 

 

effects introduced upon bolero or paletot.
| Such a model was much admired last week
when exhibited by a Twenty-third street
| house, and the sketoh of it printed here
| will give some idea of odd cape like velvet
| outer sleeves, Which {in combination with
| a little bolero gave a cape or pelerine air.
There was a velvet bodice with the con-
tume, but it was cut very low to show the
under blouse of lace and its sleeves were
puffs and frillsof lace held by narrow bands
of velvet. Very handsome buttons orna-
mented the coat fronts, but there was no
other trimming save bands of the velvet.
Such absence of intric&ite and elaborate

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  

Some of the brown and white check and
plaid velveta are charming, and there are
especially lovely combinations of brown
and green and of wine reds and black in
these costume velvets.

That velvet is to have a conspicuous
Place among the season's materials be-
comes increasinely evident as the season
advances and the models from the famous
French makers come into view, Whole
costumes of velvet in all degrees of elogance
are shown. Velvet separate coats and

velvet costume coats combined with broad- |

cloth or other material are popular, and

| velvet enters into a very large percentage

at a distance where the soft, velvety pile |

Mixed black and
20e8 = plaided

cannot be distinguished.
white or black and gray surf
off by lines of black or of color are numerous
‘among the new velveta, and every con-
eeivable variation is rung upon the ir-
regular stripe or plaid in black and white
or black and gray.
The
among the noveity woollens have also been
faithfully

of the trimming schemes,
All aorta of coat models are shown in the
| velvet ocostumes and a “Woman may safely
choose? any one of them from bolero to
redingd@@®, provided she consults the re-
quirements of ber figure and is careful in
the matter of modish detail

other color combinations common |

The freakish little coats and wraps ao
popular during the summer are finding
repetition in velvets, and many of the

| models sent out by such men as Paquin and

toed by the manufacturers | Beer have quaint little cape or pelerine

 

 

 

| detail characterizes a majority of the

handsome velvet street gowns and visiting

gowns, the effect of the costume being

wisely left to the exquisite quality of the
velvet and of any lace used with it.

Exception tothis ruling is made, however,

in the caae of soutache braiding, which is

one of the emphasized features of the season |

and is frequently lavished mpon the velvet
street costume. A Russiaa green velvet
pictured among-t he cuts illugt ratest histdra.
A very wide band of complicated sou-
tache braiding, the braid exactly matching
| the velvet in ewlor, ran round the plaied
skirt.
back and loosely in front,
tached waistcoat and collar finish, and the
long, moderately large coat sleeve had two
banda of braiding at the bottom and was
| elaborately embroidered on the outside
above the elbow
A third model was in a wonderfully supple
black velvet which was not panne, yet had
a eatiny flat pile suggesting panne. Here
the coat was a long one, more than five-
eightos length, and worn over a plain
plaited skirt.

SEPTEMBER 23, 190v.

 

THREE VELVET SUITS; ONE GREEN ELABORATELY BRAIDED, ONE OF BLACK AND ONE OP BLUE.

The short coat, fitted closely in the |
had a son- |

Wide, flat, stitched bands ran the full
length of the coat on either side of the
fronta and of the back. and three similar
bands ran around the body, passing under
the vertical bands. The highest of theese
horizontal bands was set just below the buat
line, the lowest defined a short waist line,
and all ended at each side of the front in
rounded taba held by handsome buttons. s

The coat collar and revers were of white
cloth embroidered in steel and jet beads,
and an inside waistooat which showed but
slightly was of antique oretonne in soft
faded colors and bold design.

Such walstooats appear upon a number
of smart but somewhat sombre models, to
whioh they add a relieving note of color;
and, although the idea was exploited last
year and is consequently not new, it may
attain more general favor than it did before.

The ideas of the various euthoritative
houses in Paris differ widely in the matter
of coat lines, and it is hard to lay down any
hard and {ast rules for coat length or shape.
The little semi-fitting paletot model, which
may be described as a long Eton or a short-
ened pony coat, appears again and again
among the best cloth models--usually
adorned with braiding and furnished with
embroidered waistooat and collar, £0.

In fine black broadcloth, braided in black,
this model is very chio, and one of the best
models we have seen among the semi-
tailored street costumes was of this de-
scription, with waistooat, collar and sleeve
finish of white broadcloth’ embroidered in
dull blue and green and white beads.

This bead trimming, by the way, as has
been noted before in these columns, hae
taken a great hold upon the public fancy,
or, more accurately speaking, has appealed
to the great dressmakers and eo has been
forced upon the fashion lovers. Exquisite

 

| bite of color, often mere lines, are achieved

by this means, and not only the specially
| embroidered motifs but the ready made
bead trimmings are really lovely.

Bands, motifs, &c., embroidered in tiny
steel and jet beads or in jet and gold beads
on tulle or net are offered in innumerable
designs, and all sorta and varieties of trim-
ming in harmoniously combined colorings
| are represented among the bead trimmings,

while if a frock demands some colorings
not to be found among the ready maile
trimmings the dressmaker can readily
find beads of ¢ghe desired shade and have
the embroidery done to order.

A jaunty little Francis model in bronze
green cloth had waistcoat and oollar of
black satin cleverly embroidered in beada
of bronze green shades combined with
gold beads and jet beads. This coat was,
| by the way, another of the semi-loose little

models 'twixt pony and eton of which we

have spoken before and was smartly braided
io black.
Close fitting coate of hip length have
|@ consiterable vogue, though they are
| not universally becoming. They have asa

far up the left front over an underskire,

To

usual thing some plaiting or fulness on
ths side fronts to break the severity of
line and are frequently ‘girdled or have
girdle-ike braidng around sidea and back.

Some of these coate extend only a few
inches below the natural waist line, but
follow this natural waist line. Other
models show the semi-Empire lines, as
indicated by @ elightly shortened waist
line and a@ little basque below thie
Buch a coat demands clever
adjustment if it ia to
figure; but the makers have
for giving long front
retaining the
back.

An excellent example of
be found in the olive
sketched here—a Paquin
partioularty successful.
extend weil below the waist
but at the sides and back a
defines a shortened waist ;
this falls a short rippling

The surplice finish of
with the inner waistoost
excellent, and the skirt of
peolally chic, being out circular and

a
& Rigees

:
i

i

:

it
li

t
if

Hi
“i

!

 

the edges being held by little stitched strape
of the cloth, each finished at one end by 6
big green crochet button.

The bolero in one form or another is as pop-
ular as ever, though it has not such unrivalled
position as it has had at other times, the
various short coat models of which we have
spoken now disputing its supremacy, The
bolero of velvet in combination with skirt
of wool or silk will apparently be well
liked, and some of the fanciful bolero models
of this type are delightful little garments.

Here again soutache braiding is often
used upon the velvet, and bands of velvet
braided in soutache trim the cloth or silk
skirt. In one imported model of brown
cloth and velvet only the body part of the
bolero was of the velvet, the sleeves being,
like the skirt, of broadoloth. The velvet
body of the little coat was almost entirely
covered with soutache, and a little frill of
the velvet bordered the fronte and ran up
over the shoulders.

The cloth sleeves had bands of the velvet
trimmed with braiding,and big motifs of
soutache braiding were upon the outside
of the sleeve above the elbow. On the
skirt were braided bands of velvet.

The braids of the season are exceedingly
varied and beautiful, and, though soutache
get on in intricate designs ia especially
favored because it ranks with the hand
work trimmings, the wider and flatter
braids are extremely fashionable. Many
of the braid trimmings are made up of
various kinds of braid—fiat braids of
various widths and s outache—ocombined
in complicated designe held together by
hand stitchery and forming remarkably
handsome trimming.

In black these braid passementeries are
used for trimming all colors, and, oddly
enough, they are to be seen upon chiffon
and other sheer materials as well as upon
broadcloths and other suitings. Wide
corded silk braids combining many colors
or shades of one color are very successful,
and one may find in them almost any of
the color schemes shown in the popular
plaids and stripes and mixtures.

combines harmonious shades of green,
brown and biue, shading from green on one
edge, through brown to blue on the other
edge, and thie braid would trim effectively
either plain material in one of the three
colors or one of the many mixed sultingy
in which these three colors are incorporated,

Passementeries are legion this fall and
the embroidered chiffon bands and motifs,
eapecially those in black, are wonderfully
lovely. The jetted trimmings; too; are
indesoribably handsomaj not merely the

 

jet bands and heavy motifs, but big ex
quisite floral garland and festoon designd
embroidered in jet upon black tulle on
net, and delicate as lace work in their traik
ing vines and blossoms.

Jetted laces as beautiful and fine are
side by side with these jet appliques
d there should certainly be some stune
ning black frocks this winter, though tha
gaky, all over paillette frocks of black
no longer chic. There are, however
countless paillette trimmings in all the
ashionable colorings and handsome sable¢
of lace, net, &c., embroidered in pailletied
are showing a tendency toward Empire
lines, being noticeable among these filmy
glittering robe patterns.

Handsome robes, the name being made
to cover all partly made frock patterns;
are offered in chiffon, silk, mousseline of
ther sheer stuff, combined with velvet

cloth and hand embroidered. A par-
chic example of such effect is fur-
nished by a black robe displayed by a Broad

way firm.
Marquisette ia the material—a firm, silky

gauze somewhat resembling a fine grenas

Y

=

F

 

GRAT VOILs,

dine, though more sheer and soft than that
material. Bands and motifs of finest blaci
broadcloth elaborately embroidered by hand
trim the robe.

Lace robes, both in white and in black, ar@
trimmed in embroidered cloth to matcl
and there are lovely robes in chiffon voilé
or voile de soie, trimmed in taffeta braided
with goutache.

Soutache braiding in the color of thé
brajded surface and in dull gold, the twa
braids mingling in an ornate design with
French knots embellishing open spaced
in the design, has attractive possibilities.

A glint of gold appears in many of the new
trimmings, though thie not conspicuously
a metallic season, and there are some very

One particularly good braid of this sort | handsome dull gold laces and appliqués.

 

HE verynext time you

go shopping make it
a point to see the Artloom
Tapestries.

What if you don’t need
them now—if. you're a
housekeeper you're going
to need some of them
sooner or later and this
foreknowledge will save
you a whole lot of puzzling
and planning, perhaps vex-
ation,

When fixing-up time, or
house-cleaning time, or
moving time comes, or
guests arrive, it’s not the

 

 

time to get in a quandary
about fixings. Dear knows
there’s lots else then to
think about.

The artistic beauty and
wearing qualities of Art-
loom Tapestries are out of
all proportion to their mod-
est prices,

Curtains—Solid colors, Mercer-
ized; Duplex, Oriental, Silk,
Bagdad, Brocade and
Velour. $3 to $20. Wide
diversity of designs and col-

orings.

Couch Covers—Bagdad, Ori-
ental, Turkish, Gobelin,
Daghestan, figured Bre
cade and Velour. $3 and
up. Each an actual coun-

terpart of the master-
pieces of foreign looms.

Table Covers—T apestry,
Oriental and Gobelin.
$1.50 and up. Re-
markable for artistic
qualities and original-

-

j

SaSerPreer wferzeRerza vee eeaesc rere es

 

-— one oa ss on at a on oe oe, a oe ee a A Ee ee

~~ =e oo oe

aeawFeseseearfea«s**

BE 8S3ZE8F 282rFery, eePUyryTes soerercrserecceee