TITTLE SCHOOLGIRLS.

pe
FOR
yoons WELL ADAPTED TO
CHILDISH WEARERS.

 

mother's Task Made Easier Than Usual
- @eason by the Pretty Now Mate-
~fho Model Gowns Beth Simple

and Attractive—Brald the Trimming.

| frocks for small girls are exercising
minds of mothers just now, but the
eoblem of obtaining something suitable
oo attractive for the purpose should be
gator than yeual this season. Many of the
materials are appropriate and pretty
fe ocboo! girls’ use, and the designers of
made frocks for children have been
to ase the possibilities in the charming
and plaids and one tone light weight

oollens in which the shops abound.
geason’s colorings, too, lend them-
readily to youthful clothing. The soft
reens,the warm browns, the deep
fower blues, the rich reds are all dark
to be practical, yet have enough
Ife in them to suit childish wearers, and
” the popular plaids in which these colorings
combined are often ideal materials for

ool frock.

te on wonderfully blended irregular plaids
apd cbecks in broadcloth or cloth finished
subdued yet rich in effect, are an &
nue too expensive for the small girl's every
day use. Many of these materials would be
altogether attractive for the purpose, but
at four or five dollars a yard are an
vagant luxury for school wear, even
the material is as wide as are these
fine cloths and as well caloulated to stand

bard wear.
There are, however, innumerable pretty
and checks in light weight woollens
of less expensive character and though
uch subtle blendings of color as are seen
ip the smooth fine cloths are not possible
or at least are not obtained in the cheaper
materials, the color schemes of the latter
are charming enough to satisfy even the

fastidious.

The blue and green mixtures are always
becoming and appropriate for the little
piri and though blue and green combina-
tions are not so new as some others they are
shown in great variety and beauty and in

of all grades. The regulation blue
and green tartan plaids relieved by lines
of white or red or yellow are long established
favorites with the makers of children’s
clothes and are offered to-day in a surpris-
number of wool stuffs, smooth and
rough, light and heavy, and in countless
varieties of weave. The gayer tartans, too,
are well represented, and all of these Sootch
plaids are brought out to great advantage
in the sil and wool poplins which are prov~-
ing very attractive to buyers who have
children’s frocks in mind.

Brown and green plaids and checks are as
popular for the small girls as the blue and
green mixtures and in many of the new
plaids blue, green and browa are ali com-
bined, with perhaps several shades of each
of these three colors introduced in the one

Shades of bright brown and white, of
warm green and white or black, or of red
and black are mingled in regular or irregu-
jar obeoks and plaids, and some of the black
ebecks in white and color, black and color,
or t¥o harmonizing colors, such as brown
and green, are particularly pretty and
ebildigh trimmed in velvet ribbon or stitched
velvet bands of the darker color.

The touch of velvet so inevitable upon the
fall costume of the grown up is veed as ad-
vantageously upon the schoolgirl’s frock,
and in bands, piping, collars and cuffs,
buttons, 40.; one tone velvet makes an un-
commonly attractive finish for the materials
d@ mized coloring. Black velvet is usually
chosen for the blue and green stuffs and
the gay tartans; but dear little models are
thown in black cheok of brown and green
wd white trimmed in bands of brown
velvet,

Smart little frocks are made of black
and white broken checks trimmed in bands
a black velvet or black silk and piping
ot bright red taffeta. Enough of the red
js used to add a childish gayety to the black
ind white.

Braids*are even more popular then ever
ws trimming for the child’s frock, and both
woutache and flat braids are much used,
though ordinarily these are applied in simple
line rather than in the complicated designs
like for older folk.

Bands of velvet and silk are sometimes
braided with an intricate design in soutache
and applied to a plain tone woo! stuff; but
more often the soutache is «pplied in straight

& lime upon the matorial iteslf or upom Gom~
tasting cloth, silk or velvet.

A host of fancy narrow braids is in evi-
dencs and many of these are peculiarly
tdapted to the brightening of a little dark
frock. Plain black braid an inch and a half
Wide, bordered on one edge by a very nar-
tow line of bright red or bright green which
inturn edged by a mere thread line of
id, is an instance of such braid and it will
Nedily be seen that such trimming has
od possibilities in connection with plain
tone materials.

Narrow mixed black and white braids
bave similiar colored borders,and narrow
flat braids edged by contrasting soutache
am good. A still more fanciful class of
Rarrow braid simple enough for childish
wees has anarrow band of flat braid edged
on one side by a single line of soutache,
Which at intervals forms a circle or lop
on the side opposite the fla. braid.

This loop incloses a tiny dot of bright
colored velvet, and when the trimming
tnd the material are carefully chosen, the
eect is excellent. We have seen a dark
blue French serge trimmed with such
bmid, the flat braid being in black, the
Wutache in black and white with a thread
of gold, and the inclosed velvet dot in

t red, and a similar trimming in dark
bronze green with tawny organge velvet
falls up a vision of a chio little frock in

green or in a bronze green and
brown mixture wonderfully livened by the
mere flecks of orange.

Plaid and plain materials are combined
many of the smart little models, the main

of the dress being of either plain or
Plaid, with bands, collar, &0., of the other.

broadcloth gives good results upon
Dlaid stuf? of almost any texture, and
8, &c.; of plaid silk form effective

for plain color woollens.
striped or Pekin silks in bright colors
tbo make attractive pipings, and are,
Dethaps, a trifle newer than the plaids.
a of bright plaid on which are set lines
oo in the color of the one tone
fh trial trim prettily some delight-
Models in dark blue and in green serge
by one house devoted to children’s

   
   
 
 
    
       
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
      
 
 

  

|

 
 

 
  

has sketched one good model of this kind,
the double bretelle with ite loops and but-
tons giving some originality to the model
whose coloring was, however, ite strongest
recommendation. A stroll through the
shops will suggest arly number of attractive
color schemes for such frocks.

The majority of the sleeves are of three-
quarter length, but others are shorter,
ending just above the elbow and com-
pleted by an undersleeve covering the
elbow. This undersleeve of lingerie or
lace of course soils readily and is more |
or less of @ nuisance, though adjustable |
and easily cleanged, but it does not soi) 0 |
quickly when short as would a long under- |
sieeve in iike materials.

The necks of the little wool frocks are
almost invariably cut down to show a square, |
round or U shaped guimpe or a linen shield,
and this touch of white near the face rescues
even the dark frock from sombreness.
Peter Thompson sailor suits are in as good
style as ever and some mothers prefer
—— anything else for play and ‘school |

Too!

WHENCE THE HOT WATER CAME.

 

| setattea of the Mystery of a Comfortabic

{

y ih an th

Cottage in the Woods.
The letter said—it was about a cottage

they were thinking of hiring, belonging to a
hotel at a summer resort in the woods—
that the cottage had three large bedrooms,
each with two windows, a sitting room with
a large open fireplace and a bathroom
with hot and cold water. They were ready
to believe all the things said about it, the
only thing they couldn't exactly understand
being about the hot water. They couldn't
just see how this cottage, situated as they
supposed it must be, could be supplied with
hot water.

But there fs; you know, about a letter,
as there is about the spoken word, an air
that tells whether it is true or not,
and the lieved this letter to be true;
and so they wrote and took the cot "

When, in the early morning, after a drive
of some miles from the lroad station,
they reached the hotel they were met by
the prietor, who himself escorted them
to the cot! 4 and with his own hands
lighted the fire already laid on its hearth-
stone. A most hospitable and graceful
welcome; and the cottage itself proved
to be more than they had ex

It was a rustio cottage
outside, and with a wide veranda, this
with its columns and railings all of bark
covered timbers.

Inside the house was natural wood every-
ee and all bright, fresh and pleasing to

eye.

The rooms were ample in size. Here
was the sitting room with its big open fire-
place in a stone chimney, and there
was the bathroom, twice as big as many
a city bathroom, and with a most modern
bathtub.

When they tried the hot water faucets,
why, there was the hot water; and at that
og still wondered.

ey could understand the cold water
supply—you can pipe cold water any dis-
tanoe; but this © was five hundred
feet, at least, from the hotel, and even if
they had laid a system of hot water pipes for
the supply of the co’ es it wasn't ble
that, however jack , & pipe would keep
water, intermittently used, hot at such a
distance. So the source of the hot water
gupply remained a ey:

ere was a hot water boiler, apparently
quite isolated, standing in one corner of the
Dathroom, hot to the touch, as hot water
boilers ought to be, and when the hot water
faucets were turned you got hot water;
but where it came from no one could guess.
And so they remained mystified for about
three days, when they made a discovery.

Pro, ae Gogenaiy downward from
the bony of the boiler toward a ition
a the watpeosee and a x .
ront, joining the sitting room, they
covered two pipes running through this

ition and down nearly to the floor of

e bedroom. On looking to see where
their other ends went they discovered that
os close a soos in tee eyeroems, the
pipes passed e of the chim-
ney, which Dan's partof one side of
this room, through the back o: the chimney
toward the sitting room, and when they
came to look for the pipes in that room
the mystery was solved.

The andirons in the fireplace were of
iron piping, th h which the water cir-
culated, and so with a fire in the fireplace
there was always hot water in the boiler.

It was really very simple; but it wa~ also
rather clever, don’t you think?

Mixed Their Metaphors.
From the Christian Register.
A minister said to his congregation:
“Brethren, the muddy pool of politics was
the rock on which I split.”
An orator is credited with a peroration in

 

‘eK SUN, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1006.

FREAKS OF NERVOUS WOMEN.

Too

 

MUOH PLAY RESULTS IN
ODD BREAKDOWNS.

 

One Society Matron Continually Brushed
Her Teeth—Another Had as Tortoise
for a Pet—Knitting a Diversion That
Many Indulge In—Nerve Doctor Talks.

It is not only the workers who sometimes
break down and have etrenge attacks of
nerves which make them do queer things.
Too much pleaanre even in a perfectly decor-

| ous way may bring on attacks that require

the attention of the nerve doctors. It
seems that women in society who are too
devoted to ita demands are sometimes
likely to have the freakiest of spells.

“One of the strangest cases of that kind
that came under my observation,” a nerve
specialist told a Sum reporter, “concerned
a young married woman in society, who
was not only very beautiful but very much
in demand. The summer holiday never
meant much rest or recuperation for her.
There were generally six weeks in Europe;
then Newport and a round of country
houses before the season in New York be-
gan. One year she came back to the city
already tired out and began the daily grind
of pleasure.

“It was not long before she was the victim
of a most remarkable delusion. She felt
that it was absolutely necessary for her
to clean her teeth immediately after every
meal. Try as she might it was perfectly
impossible for her to control this impulse.
After a short while she gave in entirely and
carried around her toothbrush and powder
wherever she went. As soon as the woman
left the table she darted upstairs and made
herself comfortable before they appeared
again in the drawing room. It must be said
that she had very beautiful teeth, of which
she had always been very proud and con-
scious.

“Her struggles with the tooth brush were
merely a form of acute nervousness into
which she had been brought by her physica]
fatigue. A trip to Italy on a slow steamer
and a vacation of several months at the
German spas made her all right.

“Another patient of mine was a very
pretty girl with a very enviable position
socially and other things to make her ner-
vous. One of these was her lack of money
and the importance of making a brilliant
match. It was necessary to her from her
point of view to be seen at all the big balls
to which she was invited and not to drop
out of the social round at any point. So
she kept up until her nerves needed rest.
The kind of a rest she gave them served
for only a short time. She found that she
eould not keep her fingers still at any time
and began to knit. She knit at the opera
while men talked to her and she knit in the
intervals of cotillons.

“That was not the satisfaction she ex-
pected it to be, however, as a means cf
allaying her nervousness. After a while
she came to me and of course needed.only
rest and simple treatment to restore her
nerves to their normal state again. Konit-
ting is a form of relief that nervous women
are very likely to seek. I have a patient

 

SCHOOL FROCKS FOR LITTLE GIRLS OF RED AND BLUE PLAIN Goons |

AND TARTAN PLAIDS.

 

which he spoke of “all ranks, from the queen
sitting on her throne to the cottager sitting
on his cottuge.”

“My client acted bold!,"y said the coun-
sellor. “He saw the storm brewing in the dis-
tance, but he was not dismayed. He took the
bull by the horns and had him indicted for
perjury.”

A Hindu journalist, commenting on 4

isturbance, said: “We cannot,
aistoat nee, realize the intensity of the

4
it ie a certain thing that many
cromoed beuda must trembling in their

poi a never fall Co gsrene
par erat by rede ten lenguese: “Fou
:

qeeaee

{

 
 

    
    

‘
ht
cf

now whose home, in which she spends |
most of the year, is not far from the city.
For about two months she is intown. Last
winter she took it into her head that she

Id not take the frequent trips to town
without some occupation. So she began to
knit on the train. It was merely a form
of nervousness and she will get over it
after a while.

“Another case of women’s society nerves
which other persons were disposed to call
affectation came under my observation.
1 happened to know that it was not affecta-
tion and that the woman reaiiy was iil.
Otherwise she would never have been wil!l-
ing to expend the time and money on ber

 

 

 

    

treatment that she did. Her case had some
phases in common with the women who
wanted something to occupy their time.
She did not knit, but went around with a
pet turtle. It was a harmless species of
tortoise and she never went to the theatre
or the opera without it.

“Women expressed their opinion of hor
affectation very frankly and some of them
even talked about her sanity; but she
ciung to her turtle. It was something to
occupy her attention and keep her interested
just as the knitting had been for the other
woman. The first sign of returning health
in her case was a wholesome disgust for the
tortoise, which she gave to her cook.”

This physician told Tas Sun reporter
that such cases of nervousness were just
as genuine as others that took the form of
facial contortions or other more familiar
symptons. Usually they come from the

same causes too. Playing too hard has |

just as serious an effect on the nervous health
aa working too hard.

ENGLISH WOMEN ARE CHANGED

| FOR ONE THING, THEY DRESS
BETTER THAN THEY DID.

|
| They May Even Become Smart in Time, a
Prophet Thinks—But Certain British
Traite Are Likely to Endure—Among
These Are Amiability and Composure.

Lonpon, Sept. 14.—The English woman
of the upper classes is at present abroad
in London, and if one wan ts to get a glimpse
| of her in ail her glory now is the time. A
vast improvement is in evidence in the dreas
and general appearance of the English
woman and to one absent from the English
capital even a few years the change is
atriking.

The styles in dress one sees are certainly
| not Parisian, nor are they American, but
a peculiar individuality stamps the English

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
     
   
 
  

“One of the strangest cases of nerves
that I ever had under my care,” he said,
“was that of a very sensible and hard
beaded woman who came to me the minute
she realized that something was wrong.
She laughed herself, worried as she Was,
when she told me the delusions she had
begun to feel. She had found herself at
receptions or at dances at night suddenly
fearing that she might get hungry before
ashe got home or that she might not find
any food when she got there. This thought
obsessed her to such a degree that she
found herself putting cakes or biscuits
into her muff. One night she carried all
the way home from a ball a paté sandwich
that she had taken out of the dining room
and clung to for the rest of the evening.
As not a day passed that did not take her
to a luncheon, a wedding or a reception,
and frequently a dinner and two dances
in the same evening, she had plenty of
opportunities to indulge this strange taste.

’ It was after the paté sandwich episode that

she came to see me,

*‘You know there must be something
wrong With me somewhere,’ she said, ‘when
l carry home a eandwich from a party.’

“I knew how rich she was and what an
establishment she and her husband kept
up and recognized that something Was
wrong. It proved not to be very serious.
A voyage to Italy and a sojourn of several
months at a spa abroad brought her around,
I met her the other day and she laughingly
roferred to her delusion. ‘It seems funny
enough now,’ she said, ‘but wait until you
have an irresistible inclination to carry
home a chicken croquette from a dinner
party. Then it won't be so amusing.’”

How Good Methods Sometimes Work.

From the Kaneas Cily Journal,

John Inglis, the crop export of Minneape
olis, whose crop forecasts have gained world-
wide fame for their amazing accuracy, had
been describing to a reporter some of his
forecasting methods,

“you see,” he ended, lauching, “these
forecasts don't seem so remarkable when
you once know how to set about making
them. The result, no doubt, is wonderful
enough, yet the method of obtaining it is

} simple.

Simple methods give always the best re-
sults ou know the story of the parlor maid
2nd the two young men?

“Well, a certain clever parlor maid hur-
ried to her young lady one evening and said
breathlessly:

“Oh, Miss Fanny, both them young genta
ou are engaged to has called, and they're
n the parlor together, and somehow they've

found out you've been false to each, and it
looks to me as if there's going to bo some
terrible trouble.” e

“What shall I do? What shall I do?’ Miss
Fanny moaned, as her powder pull dropped
from her nerveless fingers,

“I'll Ax it,’ said the clever maid, aftera
moment of deep thought. ‘I'll go and say
you're crying your eyes out because your
pa has lost all his money, Then you can keep
the one what stays.”

= ‘Good, good!” Miss Fanny cried.

“The m withdrew. Some minutes passe®
Then she returned with a scared face.

“Both gente is gone,’ she said,”

 

woman unmistakably as a subject of King
Edward. The collar to her dress is less
loose and is higher than it used to be, there-
by doing away with the ropes and ropes of
beads she once revelled in for her throat;
her dreas is made more tight fitting, showing
| a form a little angular but not without a
|

 

certain grace; her shoes are neater, while
still comfortable.
| The most distinguishing feature of the
English woman, pernaps, is her hat, and it is
the same with the Scotch, the Irish and the
Welsh woman. After one becomes accus-
tomed to the rounded bun at the back of the
neck—made flatter still by the invisible net—
one feels that the hat curved over the head
| se a bell suits the general contour fairly
weil.
| The English woman realized years ago
that frivolous French adornments were not
for her more serious air and cast them aside
as altogether impossible, creating a style
peculiarly her own. This effect, from the
American woman's point of view, was the
limit of plainness, for far from concealing
the deficiencies of the English woman's
elongated figure and her rather eens
carriage it exaggerated every bad point.

Among other things her shoes could have
been worn on either foot with equal comfort
and comeliness. Her hat, bent and fluted
all around, waved and turned in such a
manner that the wearer had to invent
strings to hold it in place.

The strings were tie finish of the frame
for the face, and were affected summer
and winter. “Such a shame,” foreign

| erities said, “that the pretty English face
should have such an unseemly setting!”

and association with well
dressed women of other countries have
had their effect, and the English woman

|
| ats
| Criticism

has given up the pursuit of the quaint.
| She has done away with chiffon and gew-
| gaws and cheap finery and drapings like
thoee seen in old prints and has accepted

| the inevitable.

| The result is that as she is viewed in
| London to-day she is a creature with frock
and coiffure so nearly in good taste that
you give her the benefit of the doubt. Well
groomed she has always been; but the
polish and neatness in her general attire
are now decidedly in evidence.

Smart she will surely be before many
| years will have passed if the improvement
| continues. She may never acquire the
| dash of the American nor the chic of the
French woman, and maybe that is just
| as well, for if she did so she would forfeit

 

 

her individuality.

The Fnglish woman is alwaya composed
and calm, ever the mistress of her sur-
roundings. It seems impossible to ruffle
her good temper.

She may not be so sprightly as her cousin
across the seas, nor so brilliant as. those

| separated from her by the Channel, but
| she is always the sweet, womanly kind

| the old fashioned species that stands out
|in Tennyson or Seott or Burn«—women
| who weigh home and the ties of home above
all other.

If you step into an omnibus with an arm-
ful of packages she leans over to assist
you until you are seated; you ask her the di-
rection of a certain place in a crowded street
and she will not only point out the way but
will wajk several steps with you to be sure
no migtake is made. All her kindnesses
are done in such a simple, sincere manner
that vou feel that it is but the habitual!
good hearted

ness of the woman speaking |

conditions are not alike.

DRY G0ODS—CARPETS—UPHOLSTERY’

Store closes 6:00 P. M.

  
   
     
     
   
 

cuted at moderate prices. —

Lyons and Paris

Novelty Silks, ‘Be 2ew

Imported Model Gowns

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24TH, WE WILL DISPLAY OUR LAT.
EST IMPORTATIONS OF FRENCH MODEL GOWNS, COSTUMES,
TAILORED SUITS AND WRAPS, REPRESENTING THE MOST
FAVORED CREATIONS OF THE NOTED PARIS DESIGNERS.

,» Orders for reproduction in the fashionable fabrics promptly exe-

     

Saturdays at noon,

   

iso
padour Brocaded Satins, Pompa-

dour Voile-Ninon and Pompadour Pekin Taffeta,

New designe in bordered Voiles, Gold and Silver Brocades, Crepe de
Chines, Poplin, Tartan Plaids. Black Silke, durable qualities in new

weaves and finishes,

+
_—o

White Silks and Satins for Wedding Gowns |
"Novelties for Bridesmaids’ Dresses-

Fine French Lingerie

COMPLETE WEDDING TROUSSEAUX.

roo

Special importation of high-grade, hand-made, hand-embroidered

and Real Lace Trimmed Lingerie; newest shapes and styles. Complete

. Sete and extra pieces to match, from moderate priced to the finest grade.
Crests, Monograms and Initiale exquisitely embroidered.

French Hand-made Infants’ Wear.

assortments of plain and elaborately finished articles of Infants’
Dress, Cloaks, Christening Robes, Dresses, Hats, Caps, Bonnets,

a

Recent importations
include complete

Underwear, Baskets and Accessories,

Lace Robes and Coats

(unmade).
stock in novel effects, many of which

An extensive and varied

are exclusive, in Irish Point Applique, Real Lierre, Marquise and
Eecurial Laces, Chiffon and Embroidered Tulle; also Spangled

Robes, in the new colors.

IMPORTANT EXHIBIT OF
FALL AND WINTER

Suits, Costumes and Cloaks

Embracing « variety of select

and exclusive styles in the most fash-

fonable materiale—reproductions and modifications of Foreign Models.

Suits of French Broadcloths. special attention is directed to
_ a number of distinctive models, handsomely braided,

[57.00, 68.00, 75.00

Coats of Black Broadcloth, praia trimmed,

white lining, % length,

Skirts of biack Chiffon Panama,

35.00
14.50

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24,

Black Dress Silks

Standard makes and reliable qualities; exceptional values,

BLACK CHIFFON TAFFETA,
BLACK SATIN MOUSSELINE,
BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE,

BLACK MESSALINE “WANDA,”

BLACK ARMURE PRINCESS, 4
BLACK TAFFETA, 36 INCHES,

85 yard

1.00 yara

85 yard

1,00, 1.50 yara
1,25, 1.50 yara

’ 1.00 yara

Dexdmay L196 Sheet

 

 

TRY IT IN YOUR BATH

SCRUBB’S

Mollient Ammonia.

A splendid preparation for household uses.

Removes stains and grease spots from clothing.
Restores color to carpets,
Cleans plate and jewelry.
Splendid for cleansing the finger nails.

 

Softens hard water.

Used by All
The Royalties of Europe

AT GROCERS A

D DRUGGISTS, 26c. PER LARGE

Scrubb & Co., Limited, Greenwich St., N. ¥.

 

 

BVERY LOBSTER SHOULD KNOW

 

THAT PACIFIC WATERS ARE

FATAL TO THE FAMILY,

 

The Latest Proposition to Transplant I ob-
sters Calls Forth an Opinion From an
Expert—An Old Canard Originated
by & Disappointed Western Editor.

Once more the United States Fish Com-
mission has decided that it will attempt to
transplant the Atlantic lobster and put

it in the waters of the Pacific Coast, receiv- |

ing in return some specimens of the gigantic
crab of the West in an attempt to make
an Eastern race of mastodonic crabs. Of
this attempt Joseph D. Redding of this
city, formerly California Fish Commissioner,
as was his father before him, had some-
thing to say yesterday. Mr. Redding
was first made Commissioner in 1888. He

served two years and in 1889 was reappointed |

to serve until 1804.

“The most pretentious attempt at trans-
planting Atlantic lobsters was in 1890,”
said Mr. Redding. “One of the Fish Com-
mission’s cars was loaded with lobsters.
There were, say, 380 grown lobsters, male
and female, and 30,000 spawn transported

packed in seaweed and drenched in eea |

water. They got out to California in good
condition and were put into the water in
Monterey Bay; about 100 miles south of
San Francisco; where the commission
decided that conditions were such, as re-
garded food and the like, as the lobsters
had at home.

“Of these lobsters, except an océasional
one which was washed up dead, no trace
ever has been seen. I believe that the
failure, which was only the most recent of
several, was due to the fact that the water
Lobsters thrive
in about thirty feet of water, which has to
be very warm in summer and very cold in
winter. .

“In August, when the water is warmest on
the Atlantic coast, up along Nova Scotia,
Maine and Massachusetts, where lobsters
thrive most, they shed their shells. When
winter comes on the shells grow again. In
the Pacific at Monterey the water is about

66 degrees aii year round, Be to aay;

very cold. It never changes,

 

 

could not shed their shells becausé the water
was too cold,anddied. That is my theory,
and it is borne out by experts.

“On the other hand, further south in Call-
fornia, down near San Diego, the water is
uniformly hot and the lobsters languish be-
cause they have no recurrent changes in
water temperature such as they demand.
believe, therefore, that there is almost no
chance of ever making Atlantic lobsters
grow in California.

“Shad, whitefish and striped bass have
been successfully transplanted from the
East to the West, but oysters do not thrive,
As seed they can be taken West and j
planted on the beaches will grow, but wh
| not generate. Nature has arranged thi
| so, and I imagine that man never can qve
come Nature to that extent.

“For reasons something similar we never
can hope to transplant the mammoth crab,
Cancer magister, which is found so plenti-
fully inthe West. It is peculiar to note that
while in Japan a lobster something like the
Atlantic lobster exists, in France there ia a
sort of tentacled lobster, which also can be
found in San Francisco. What causes these
differences it is impossible to say, Still the
Atlantic lobster which exists in Japan can-
not be made to thrive in California.”

“How about that story that many years
ago lobsters were taken to California with
their claws stuffed and the whole batch
died through being put in the water that
way?” Mr. Redding was asked.

“Oh, that is a canard thirty-four years
old,” he answered. “It dates back to the
time when my father was Fish Coromissioner
in California in 1872. Mr. Livingston Stone
brought from the Atlantic Coast two
barrels of lobsters carefully packed in
To prevent them tearing one

another to pieces he tied their claws. When
the two barrels arrived in San Francisco
th were placed in a dinghy and my
father and Mr. Stone and a boatman pre-
red for a trip to what were called the
eads of San Francisco.
“There was a fussy old chap namod Dunn;
who ran a small magazine devoted to topics
| of forest and stream. He wanted to go
along but there was not room for him.

 

He was annoyed at the rebuff, and when

| he saw the lobeters’ claws were tied he

| wrote an article to say they were put in
the water that way. It was not ro.

“Why, do you know that that story is
the only thing of that old attempt to estab-
| lish lobeter oulture in the West which seems
| to stick? That has been rehashed and
| has, been going the rounds for years. It
\ tacked on to each succeeding
commissioner, and when I

for the first time it was furbished up all
| brand new for me, mostly eee i was

—

lobsters » my father’s son." - wiigtr-

ag

ee §

25 Ne eae