Spee

LL ET oe salt

A 8stesc

“ey eS

eee

SPS EIT

eer ag err re .

ee

SS ee

ee ee nn ree oes ee

ee eee ee ed

+ ~e

 

«ff

BTIQUETTE OF POX BUNTING,

 

MANY PITFALLS FOR THE TYRO
WHO FOLLOWS THE HOUNDS.

 

Master of the Heunds a Despot Whe Seme-
times Makes a Mistake—?. F. Cofiter’s
Sin and Penance in
of Omtstton and of Commission.

There is an etiquette peculiar to fox
hunting which, in its way, is ae difficult of
mastery aa the rules of precedence at 6
Vhite House dinner.

When @ man begins hunting the fox the
things he should do are not of so much
account as the things he should not do.
A poor seat on a horse or lack of judgment
in taking jumpe may escape criticiem with
@ decent show of luck; but sins of com-
mission are different.

The first lesson is well learned when the
would be huntsman can call bounds
“hounds” without having to pause to mm
member they are not dogs. Perhaps the
second is not to get among the hounds.
Then, no matter how much of a personage
he may be in other fields in life, the fox
hunter must realize that he is only a private
in the hunting field and he must take bis
orders from the master.

M. F. H.—maater of fox hounds: there
was never greater despot created. In his
pigskin throne he holds sway that might
be the envy of a Czar or the dream of a
Sultan. It has been said that Kaiser Wil-
helm himself became master of a German
bunt merely to realize the eublimest heights
of power and rulership,

The master’s word always goes. His
slightest hint or muttered growl, or more
often his gruff volley of fiery, vivid language,
makes the sternest leader of men falter
and equirm as though he were caught
mounting with his right foot in the stirrup,
and his fermented dictates are the only
mandates. which ean curb thé Indisorest
impetuosities of some women whe hunt.

Of course there are times whon # master
is bereft of his authority. When he is out

with another hunt he takes rank with any

ordinary member. Sormetizhes, though, it
is hard for the past cr visiting master to re-
member he is not as he was when he blew
his own horn or chivvied a pack inte covert
and upon scent afresh, or when the sound of
his voice was known and obeyed by every
hound in the pack. Such a master has been
known to make bis breaks. ’

An American master of hounds, Peter
Fenelon Collier, hunted with the hard rid-
ing Meaths in Ireland three years ago,
as he has done since. At times he was a
guest of the master, John Watson, who
hunts hounds more days in each week
than any other master in Great Britain and
Ireland,

When John Watson Kunts within a thirty
mile radiue of his kennels near Navan he
is despotism personified in the field. In
bis home he is known to be as childishly
inoffensive as he is herculean of body.

One particular, bright winter mornin
his hounds met at Clifton Lodge, the Iris
home of the Eari of Darnley, famed in his
younger days as Ivo Bligh, the cricketer,
who met his wife, a Kerry girl, while cap-
taining an English eleven in Australia.

aa : “| worn when out hunting frequently presenta illions. Don’t believe that defenceless Highness and presented herself. | very rapidly. . did, like two schoolgirls. The
hv one in ean a = ery ae pitfalls for the unwary. He should bear poh see gel ee oa cheek He a - much taken yt by such © te a eee you oe) your hands : am —_ to = ri and I am gee Sey & the winner by i y ls
. : r . marka rooceed. a was rather | rest. n wa g w ap mails gore
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon a small in mind that until fully admitted as a mem money. They must have it and have lote | amused an ouaht 7a very entertaining } something. son ties repose of the hands. I a oustomer the other day whose oe ee pearls ee

covert was being drawn. Then Mr. Col-
lier was due to ride for a train that he
should catch to keep an important eagage-
ment.

Those who show daylight in their saddles
when trotting should remember that when
hounds are giving tongue in a covert the
waiting hunt dare not make a sound or
even let a horse whinny. For a riding
member to be beard munching a sandwich
or unscrewing @ flask at such a time would
be almost enough to scare the pages of
Badminton black,

The riders were gathered in loose groups
in the open field behind where John Wateon
put the hounds into the covert to drive out
Reynard on either side or at the far end.
The fields on the sides of the covert were
watchfully kept clear; no one dared ride
over them, for he might head off and turn

back the pack, ould | bape the custém is poteo prevalent among | y,, very decorative for one’ rties. | in Spite of our impression to the contrary, | to some kind of plumping cream and you Pri H t Ph
ote tet close anon bis brah» | the better hunts in thie country en it ls | 52> nied up a corner most charmingly, | They need money. of course money, meney | Wik feed Oo the werves, all’ of the same |YONAS SOLVED TEE PROBLEM. and the Duchess of Rexburghe. formerty
Unfortunately, straight across one nar- | With the principal ones in Canada. But she found herself only asked to places | besides. Stas eee they are diferent [time ; — Mey Goelet) have the anos povectns
row field which boundec a side of the covert The writer can recall attending on Satur- | yi ore there wore corners to be filled. The | The recognition of cast is so strong that any “*Houseworkers generally have plump, Mow a Shy Suitor Made ® Proposal of | with the exception of one or two Kustia
i Grand Duchesses. Mrs. Millard Hansaker,
and through which John Watson and the days three regular meets of a Canadian intimate, smart parties of which she had | American woman who marries into a titled tty hands, and the reason is plain. Marriage. . . ce
e which carried off the blue ribbo: f advantage t d part of the time with the fin. wife of the®imerican millionaire, wears the

whips expected the fox to break, lay the bunt ctub ae PS | been & member ceased to exist for her, | @mily is sure to reap every advantage that i ore pare © ¥ gers | In all the village of Fairview there was no | largest specimen ever seen in a ring.
for hunt teams ridden by masters and whips | si.4 no longer had the pleasure of going ponison ears. ae ap = ae oe pene because | "2" quite so shy as Jonas Brown. As achild Lome rubies, perfect in color and of enor

way to Mr. Collier's train. The American
master of hounds started across the for-
bidden land.

He had got almost half way when the
hunt, which was waiting with nervous
expectation te see the red brown streak
sneak out in full flight, realized what had
happened and was dumfounded at the
act of the rider with the maroon colored
collar on his scarlet coat, who went gallop-
ing over the sacred ground.

“Only old Collieries!” as the younger
Irishmen were wont to allude to the New
York master. “Only old Collieries dare
risk it!” they said to one another, as they
gnawed their mustaches in fear lest the
fox should be headed and wondered when
John Watson's thunder wou!d boom.

It burst with the turn of his }.~e, and
sounded like the roar of a bul! .:.1ch has
felt the first prod from the toreador. There
was a lot of it let of in rapid fire. It made
the hunt shudder. Men tugged needlessly
at girths beneath their saddle flaps; women
assumed the plastic semblance of polite
deafness which every fair follower of the
Meaths knows how to put on more readity
than she can powder. Mr. Collier might
have blusbed, but it could not be seen
because of an habitual weather creased
tan.
John Watson was the only person on the
field who did not seem to want to forget
himself. But the immediate reinf up
and hasty return of the American sporte-
man were acceptel as an apology by the
master, his host, and the Meath Hunt, his
fellow nimrode.

Few men who follow hounds would heve
been let off so lightly or so quickly for-
given by master and hunt alike. Cer-

tainly the e wers brought to bear those },

traditional vagaries attriouted to Ameri-
cans abroal. The incident merely shows
that the habit of autocracy in the field is

Ireland—Crimes

Fngiand

] be regarded as

eh cate

to gain f

to coroners

leg for the horse,

hen a man sees wire it ip as much his
duty to shout a warning as it is for a parent
to give notice of smallpox in his family.
The man whe faile to warn the bunt will
be ostracized; he might as well be riding
borses with pink eye. He will be put in

whipe will fling him

SPELT ERLE
Filttspegce
ite
ppetsrart
itl
Midi
ate

|
ae
gt
|

Until he is again in his saddle the others
cannot gallop away, for, since horses get
as keenly excited with the chase as riders
themselves, his would be no more willing
to wait for him to mount after the others

had galloped on than a fox would think of
standing still for the hounds to come up.
Some men with peculiar views on many

simple matters think it is the duty of whips

er grooms continually to do the diamount-
ing, but they are mistaken. If both mem-
ber and whip simultaneously arrive at the
closed gate naturally the latter will dis-
mount, but when mounting again he gets
the same oomesideration that is extended
every one on the field, from red coated
meester to choker collared tigers.

The question of proper clothes to be

ber of the hunt, s0 matter what be may
wear, let the pattern be as demure as under-
takers’ black or fierce aa the Rob Roy tar-
tan, it is pot hie privilege to sport a red coat
or’ other uniform of any bunt, any more
than it is the right of a butcher's boy to

strut in the uniform of an Admiral of the
fleet. A few broed lines might be indi-
cated. As a man would not wear shooting
beots to a reception, so the tyro need not
wear patent leather pumps to a hunt. He
should bear in mind that, after all, there
are bard and fast defined rules laid down
for dress parades, from weddings to foot-

ball matches. For hunting toggery he had
better ask his tailor.

To bunt on Seturdays seems customary
among some of the American hunts; the
habit is disconcerting to the old country

idea of that which ia fair and proper. Per-

years. To make a habit of the custom in
and Ireland would be oonsid-
ered as poor form as not to attend church
when staying in the country; the one would
imck of consideration for
the stablemen; the other, disrespect for
the padres.

Saturday is always a busy time in the
stable. Besides the daily routine of exer-
cising, » bedding, feeding, saddle
and harness cleaning and carriage washing,
extra preparations have to be made for
Sunday visitors. Altogether the day is
the hardest in the week for stablemen. The
fact does not seem to excite the kindly
thought it deserves; but since it is so, and
hunting on Saturdays is recog and ap-
proved, the least a man can do is to see that
when he returns after tbe day’s run he
brings in a horse that is dry and cool, not
sweated, but fit for watering.

There are men whoée natures wil] never
let them know better; they gallop their
horses into a sweltering lather in the very
act of handing them over to the waiting
stablenten. Those men may be generous
in their tips; but even lavish tipping by the
man who rides bis horses dirty will not re-
inatate him in the good opinion of the

, for some stable hands think a great |

dea] more of their charges than they do of
their masters.

When a men starts hunting jet him take to
heart what the Lieutenant-Governor of a hill

province in India said to the civil servant

tutor to a couple of princes of
rank and distinction.

“Teach ‘em, air, to ride straight, to shoot
straight and to talk straight; you may do
the first two, but, by gad, sir, you can’t the
third.”

+ Some men may learn to ride to hounds,
byt they'll never be sportamen.

 

3

Sis naeentaeas
body pone tog
other of the fence,

the
answers that are like snarls from the terrier
the

§
:
E
i

THE SUN. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER
SOCIAL LONDON HARD TO WIN.

AMERICAN “CLIMBERS” USUALLY

 

HAVE A STRUGGLE.

 

Que Woman Met the King by Purposely
Mixing the American Ambassador's
Invitations—It Takes Meaney, Lets of
It, to Keep Within the inner Circle.

“Whenever I read about the triumphs

of our countrywomen in Europe, especially
in London,” said the woman who had just
returned from England, “I am reminded

of a few things I saw and beard there which
made it appear a little lees spontaneous

than I had always believed before, When
I went to London first I believed that oer-
tain Americana of whom we bear so much

here were sought out as guests in all the

amartest houses.

“The first shock I had came when I sat

next to a woman who comes from Salt
Lake City and spends every summer in
London.

experiences, having iived in a mining

camp in very bumble circumstances. One
night a well known Englishman of great
wealth came into her box at Covent Garden.

I sat in the adjoining box.

* ‘Brute,’ she began, ‘why didn’t you ask
I expected

oooed oe
to me was that everybody else ex; me

me to your dinner last night?
to come. What. waseven moré

to be there. I didn’t give up hope until

6 o’clock, and when no invitation had come

then I knew it was aH up.’

“ ‘It was so eamall,” he murmured under
her torrent of exaggerated but really sin-

‘There
were sixty persons there. You see, I know

oere reproach.
“It wasn’t small,’ she went on.

all about it. Nothing could have been

more of a enub for me. Everybody ip
London knows how intimate we are. Not
to be seen at the one smart thing you have
given this summer meant, of course, that I |.
had been left out and the only thing I can
do im to tell all the people k see that I was
Bu} you know they
won't believe me: Half the women in Lon-
don would have got up off a deathbed te
So my pretence of be-
It was out-

sick and could not go.

go to that dinner.
ing ill will never go down.
rageous in you not to invite me.’

“It was perfectly plain from her voice
how extremely vexed she was. I could
see her bite her lips and the tears stood in

her eyes.

“‘I'm fearfully sorry, my dear Ida,’

he went on. ‘But I really couldn't do it.’

“He tried to end the conservation there,
but she went back at him several times.
Being away from that dinner had plainly
been one of the little tragedies of her life.
Waiting on the miners at the mountain |
camp boarding house in which she was
been nothing. in
dship. As soon
as he well could the man got out of t<e
I was amazed at his courage ip com-

employed had evi
comparison with this

box.
ing there when I heard her rowing him so.

“Now that woman is quoted on all sides
as the shining example of the social success
that an American woman may achieve in

London.
in New York, but descended directly on

London from Utah, Of course her husband

of it and be willing to spend it,

in London.

dispute.

“Well, she gave up her house two sume
mers ago because to take a place for two
months, equip it with servants and keep her
ménage up at the necessary rate was more
costly than she thought she could afford,
So |
she went to a hotel and gave no entertain-

But she did not want to miss London.

ments that summer.
“Well, it was very, very different. To
have the noted American beauty about

to very large houses to gat at very small
suppers at which every guest stood high

in Burke’s. She had no opportunity to

mention such parties casually to those
Americana whom she met in London. These

invitations ceased to come, and inbewilder- | had always been above reproach.

ment as to the cause she went to a woman
who had lived in London long enough to
understand everything about the peculiari-
ties of the Briton as a social animal.

 

 

She has had some very romantic

| evening.
| vited to it.

 

 

That was
shown in the case of a beautiful American
actress who has made for herself a position
Of course she does not meet
young girls and there are certain conserva-
tive matrons who would not take any plea-
sure in her society. She goes, however,
to most of the big houses and she is a very |
welcome guest. Of that fact there is no

 

 

 

*‘Dearie,’ thia
knew you had made a mistake when you

went toa hotel. Of course, nobody expects
you to entertain as I bave to do. You are
too beautiful for that. All you have to do,
80 far as large parties are concerted, is
simply tocome. But you must not overlook
the fact that while it ia delightful to have
you come to small and very select parties,
it is also very charming to go to small and
very select parties at the home of the beau-
ful American actress. Of course, if you have
not your own house and cannot give them,
why, I don’t believe you will be invited to

such parties given by other persons.’
“So, you see, even this great beauty

had to pay ber share, although anybody

would have considered it enough just to
have her about. This year she went back
to a house, bas her parties, and, of course,

ie more popular than she ever was. But
London would not have had any more of

her unjeas she bad done what is expected
of every American who goes there with
social ambitions. She had to spend or
get out. That's what Americans are for
over there. She will never make another
mistake like that, even if: she bas to go

a floor higher in every Western hotel
and do without a private Bitting room for
the rest of her life.

“Then there was the rich American widow
who ia supposed to have penetrated into
the heart the Faubourg Saint Germain
and to be on terms of close intimacy with
more French aristocrats than ayo
else in the American colonies abroad.
Weil, France is very well and the aristocracy
is undeniably yery aristocratic. But Lon-
don is sinart. If you are going to do any-
thing socially that is worth while, you
must go to London to do it. It is better
from a purely social point of view to know
@ smart Australian in London who has been
received at Court and taken up by the smart
crowd than it is to be intimate with the
oldeat Duchess in France.

"So this American widow realized that it
renee social hara-kiri for her to live
ip i# and never to huve met the King.
She therefore decided on a social o——-
in London of which this was to be #1e ol a
It turned out more difficult than she had

he whole effort had not been
failure, the end of July came and she
not met the King. It was at that time
that the American or gave two
on successive evenings. One was
be.e dinner followed by a sma!! musicale,
to which fewer than 100 guests had been
asked. Among Case pen to be the King.
He was also at the di , which was limited
to a very few. The second party was to
include everybody in London, It was to
this one, to whic
not even invited, that the ambitious womah
from America and Paris was esked.

“So it looked as if her last chance to meet
the King was gone. She decided on very
drastic res. Thus it happened that
less than an hour before the small dinner,
and just as

was having her final

talk with her major o, @ letter arrived
from the woman. Init she accepted with
re the kind invitation of the Am-
ador and his wife for the musicale that
Of course ahe had not been in-

She was to come the next day.

“ ‘What will we do?’ was the question of
the hostess. ‘This is of course not a mis-
take, but a plot.’

“It was too late to do egpthing. In due
season my ety arrived. With the greatest
aplomb she sailed into the room, stopped
for even lesa than the usual hurried greet-
ings with her hosts and then desce on

| his Majesty, Edward VII. Do you suppose
| she waited for the Ambassador to present

She had no social acquaintance | her or for anybody elae for that matter?

Not at all. There was too much uncertainty
about that. She swoo) down on his

and original sort of a woman until the Am-
bassadom took peins to tell him that she
had not been invited to meet him. Then
with the resentment of any euch audacity
that he always shows when he suspects that
he is to be used for social or other purposes,
the King was very indignant.

“The day after that woman returned to
France perfectly delighted. She had met
the King. had, moreover, talked longer
to her than he had to moat of the Americans
that he méetse. The London seasom had
been a literal conquest for her. Of course
all the American colony of London is laugh-
ing at her. So are all the Americans in
Paris who néver succeeded in climbing so
nigh Sut she doesn't care. She knows
the King.

“But to think that it took all that schem-
ing on the of a woman who is sup)
to have a ter position than any woman
who ever went to France to live. Social
conquests abroad are by no means the easy
and penereeete things we think they are,

“If a woman, for instance, is a Countess,
it makes no difference what kind of a
Count she may marry. He may have been
absolutely discredited.’ But if she is re-
spectable and marries him she will be
invited to court and everywhere else that
hia position would have entitled her if he
will need money to keep up any kind of a
position. But she will have a chance at it if
she marries a good tithe and has been a
rea) ble woman herself, whatever the
bearer of that old name may have been.”

 

 

MUSIC IN SPITE OF BAD LUCK, | be able to put a roof over their heads, by

Rahway Church Can't Get an Organ—‘en's
Voloes Made to Do Instead,

The music in the services at the Church
of the Holy Comforter of Rahway goes on
in spite of difficulties of a peculiar sort.
The man who has made the music possible
is J. E. Dale, a choirmaster with mental
resources of his own.

Some years ago, as the church people
tell, the old church building burned down
one winter's night, when the hydrants
were frozen and the firemen could not help,
The wiser heads of the congregation met
and took counsel over their troubles.

A fine new organ was being built for
them, and they had no place to put it in.
The situation was peculiar—they had a
rector, an organ and a cellar full of char-
coal. There was not even any church
to wail at.

They decided that a building was more
important than an organ, if they had to
choose; and to pay for both was beyond
their resources. By adding the organ
money to the rebuilding funds, they would

stretching the roof a littJe at the edges,
to be sure.

So they countermanded the order for the | of his forces,

half finished organ, and built, leaving ainple
space for such organs as the future should
please tosend. Thus it came about that the
Church of the Holy Comforter had to rest

compatriot said to her, 'I

of course the King was

— oe ne SS

 

 

 

}

satisiied with homilies and sermons and |

lessons, firat and aecond, unrefreshed with
harmony from an organ.

In this atate the church stil] would be but |

for the ingenious choirmaster. It seomed
good to the congregation to have a choir-
maeter and organist, even if there was no
musio possible nor any organ, vaving an
old article of the sewing machine type,

useful to steady the piping of Sunday |

aschool children,

Appointing an organist served to voice |

the churchgoers’ sentimenta—hardly more.
But aa for Dale, the newly appointed choir-

|

|
|

to be gentle with her.

until night.

only by easy stages.
at once.
of patience.

why.

hands is quick, sure and

8
flow food every day.

And so the houseworker
she has no reason to be

they washed them oftener and
them more. The women of Pittsburg have
prettier hands than the women of other
cities, simply because the smoke compels
them to use more soap and to use it
oftener.

23, 42906,

.

REST CURE FOR THE HANDS.

DON'T FIDGET, THE ADVICE FOR

 

NERVOUS WOMEN.

 

That of liseif Wil! Tend to Make the Hands
Piump—For Making the Hands White
Picnty of Soap and Water Is Effective

~The Houseworker’s Geed Mands.

“I'd give a thousand dollars for a nice
pair of hands,” said a business woman.
“If I had nice hands 1 would be rich in a

little while.

“Hands do a great deal for a person.
You can wear a veil over your face, and

sbade your complexion with a hat.

“You can partially cover your bad features
with your hair, and you can drape thie and
arrange that so that your face ia not brought

out into the broad, clear light of day, With
your bands it is different.

“A woman can wear gloves in the street,
but even in gloves one’s hands show. A
woman cannot put ber hands behind her,
no matter how stubby her nails may be,

and she can’t sit on them or wrap them in

her apron or get them out of sight in any
way.
“A good pair of hands wins the day many

a time for a business woman. If she can
lay ber hand upon her desk, well shaped
and perfectly cared for, it is worth good

money to her, There is something prepos-
sessing in a good band.

“The woman whose hand ig short and
thick and whose nails look as though they
were chopped off is handicapped.

“The sight of her bands makes people
warlike. They can see at a glance that she
is the heroine of many a battle.

“If her hands, on the contrary, are nice
and soft, white and well shaped, and if the
nails are long and tapering and pink to the
very tips, then people like her, They want
It is entirely different
with the woman with a warlike hand.

“Hands are sometimes deceptive and it
often happens that people who have done
no hard york at all are the owners of hands
that are scarred as if from battle. Bad
hands mean bad management.

“A typewriter does my writing for me
and an office assistant handles the mail.
I scarcely soil my hands from morning
My business lies in walking
well and looking pretty. I buy and eell
real estate.

“From morning until night I am well
dressed. But the trouble is with my hands.
They look as though I were one hundred
years old and had done hard work all my
life.

“In the first place I have ten terrible
knuckles. Then I have a lot of crooked
fingers, lean as a bone. And my bandh
are colored every color in the world except
the right color. I hide them all I can, but
it ien't much use.

“It isn’t a case of hard work with me.
It is more like natural depravity of the
hands. They are simply contrary and I

| don"t know how to explain it.

“I went the other day to a hand specialist

and, after holding one of my bands in hers

for a while, she said;
“*The trouble with you is thet you are
flesh,

nervous. Nervousness takes off the

Lay your hands down in your lap and keep
them quiet. Not one woman in a million
can do this, but I hope you will be the
millionth woman.

“ ‘Letting the hands rest is accomplished
You can’t do it all
It takes lots of time and plenty

“‘Lay your hands down upon the arms

of the chair, or let them drop in your lap.

Hold them motionless while you count
100. See what a rest it will be to you.
**You will quiet down without knowing
Your nerves will get a rest. You are
giving your hands the rest cure.
ws effect of the rest cure upon the
perfectly ap-

rent. In a very few days your hands

will begin to grow plumper. You will
feel as though the blood were tingling i
your fingers once more.

in

“If you oo wise Cartag ae wenden
you will give yo ands a bath
You will treat them

it takes out t 1e grime and grease; is good
for the akin because it a the pores
ash:

ands of which
amed.,
**All women would have nicer hands if
washed

“‘There ia something funny about the

 

waa really a musician. Then he formed a
double quartet of men's voices, Then,
but for a lot of bard work and organising
his problem was worked,
The church should hear music.

One Sunday morning the .congregation
were surprieed to hear the round tone of
the new choir ring through the church for
the first time. They sang all the chorel
parts of tho service in full without the help
of any accompaniment, save an occasional
toot from the amall instrument, audible
when there were silences to fill in. It had
taken infinite work to train the voices into
the unity and volume that made the twenty
sound like one mouth, while the harmonies
were distinct and grace notes audible
much as they would be on the vast inatru-
ment that the church lacked.

There are plenty of choruses, but a choir

—————3

| singing a capella that produces the modu-

master organiat, he waa not satisfied to |

stand as a mereaymbol for things lacking.
He bestirred himeelf, found a dozen boys,
in the school or out of it, who as his ear

told him could be taught to sing—for he |

lations of church music without help from
the pipes is not frequently heard. The
members of the Church of the Holy Com-
forter take a good deal of pride in their
peculiar posse:+!on, though not enough to
meke them cease to plan for the organ they
hope finally to get. :

j

#83
E

 

i
a

if
a

[:
i
i

i
eg
Fe

t

i

i

E
E
i

:
uf

5
TY
Ti

i

Fis
a
Beg

ig3

:
Z
g

i
ne
ise
:

ue
‘ it
es
fh
A
Li

them as part of my stock in trade.’ ”

 

 

he became speechless with confusion when
any one noticed him; he stumbled and stam-
mered his way through the gawky ace; and
when he arrived at young manhood, although
he was popular among his own sex, the sight
of a girl's face would throw him into an .g90y
of self-consciousness. He usually took to
the other side of the road when he saw «

young woman approaching. Every one

wondered what would happen should Jonas
fall in love. At length the day came, says
the Youth's Companion.

Arabella Hawkins was an attractive girl
from a neighboring town, as pretty as she
was valkative, and Jonas, who first saw her
at church, was captivated by her charms.
A few days later he astonished all Fairview
by walking home with her, and capped that
performance by several tentative evening
ealls, But whether he strolled down flowery
lanes, or set with her on the porch in the
evening, the words he wanted to say seemed
to atick in his throat.

“Could you—coukl you~" he stammered
on one of these occasions.

“Could I what?” she queried

“Could you—could you—go driving with
me to-morrow?”

It was not at all what he had meant to say:
but he vaguely felt that perhaps in a buggy it
would be easier to ask the momentous ques-
tion. Yet even there words failed him.

“Will you— will you—” he began.

“Will I what?” encouraged Arabella again,
very sweetly and patiently.

“Will you—* Jonas seemed to smother—
“will you—take a walk with me to-morrow?”

“Certainly,” said Arabella. And wo it went
on. Jonas was getting desperate,

“Better hurry up, Jonas!" his friends urged
him. “There's a fellow in the town where she
lives wants her just as much as you do!”

Jonas groaned. What wastobedone? He

could rehearse it al) right before he saw her,

but in her presence words failed him. All one
night he lay thinking the matter over, and rose
the next morning Weary yet triumphant.
He believed that he had solved the problem.
«A few days later a crate arrived for him.
“Looks as if it might be a typewriter,” said the
station agent. Still, as Jonas waa not given

{ WOMBN WITH FAMOUS ca, @

ij

   
  
   
  
   
     
    
     
  
   
   
  
    
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
   
    
     
    
   
   
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
    
    
 
   
     
  
   
  
  
   
     
     
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
    
  
    
    
 
     
     
   
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  

se sites oe ten vee.

 

AMERICANS COMING TO fay
FRONT WITH COLLECTIONS,

 

Mrs. Mackay’s 4,000 Pearis—The
eof Mariberough'’s Collection
Alexandra's Three Favorite Jewels
—Fortanes in Gems Showered on Paty,

Of her personal jewels, next to her wed.
ding ring, the late Queen Victoria mog
valued an insignificant enamel ring, os
with a single diamond, given to her
Prince Albert when she was yet a child,
and his betrothal ring, @ snake set wih
the finest emeraids,

These three rings were never removed
from her hand and were buried with her,
Much treasured, too, was the bracelet abe
always wore, composed of a numerous
array of small golden hearts, each with
@ minute miniature of one of her grandchj.
dren or great-grandchildren.

Queen Alexandra, in addition to a safety
of diamonds and pearls, owns some won,
dertul colored gems—rubies, sapphires ang
emeralde—which, however, she r,
wears. The only colored stones she

likes are amethyasts, and these she has
given, at Christmas and on their fete days,
to her friends and relatives in such num.
bers, set in scarf pins, bangles, chains, hag
ping and sunshade tops, that she has quits

the stane, hitherto little valued
in England. With dresses of her favorite
color, mauve, the Queen always weary

eta,

The jewels she values above all are her
engagement ring, set with a beryl, emerald,
ruby, topaz, jacinth, emerald—the first
letters of which spell out the name by which
she has always oalled her husband, “ Bertie’;
the beautiful diamond cross given to her
by the women of Denmark on her marriage,
apd the crown of brilliants, set in silver,
bestowed by the women of England on her
silver wedding day.

The most splendid jewels Queen Alex
andra. possesses are undoubtedly her
peeris. She has ropes and ropes of them,
high dog collars and pearis set in trimmings
for the corsages of her ball dresses. These
have heen collected and given to her by
the Caar and her sister, the Dowager Em.
press of Ruesia, as well a4 by members of
the English, Danish and German royal
families, many being old heirlooms.

The Queen’s pearis are surpassed only by
the young Duchess of Mariborough’s his-
toric collection. This includes some of the
most interesting pearls in existence—the
pearis that belonged to the ill fated Marie
Antoinette, which were bought by Mr.
Vanderbilt for his daughter as a marriage
gift. Each pearl in the young Duchess's
necklace—it is an immensely long one—is
valued at £1,000, and she sometimes wears
the ro wound twice around her neck
and twice around her waist.

1 hope I am divulging no state se
says a writer in the Grand Magasine, if
state that before Queen Alexundta went
last season to dine with the Duchess at
Sutherland House, the beautiful home of
the Marlboroughs in Curzo® street, she
asked her youthful Grace to “put on all ber
pearls,” just for once, “for then I will wear
mine,” la the Queen. “After dinner
we will count which has the larger number.’

House, which it took Napo TII. ten
years to collect in all parts of the world for
the Empress puagene- ;

What is said to be the most valuable single
necklace of rig ie owned Countess
sear al peste ot capeat baer,

to 9 0 rest.

The fret strin, was the eo-called “Neck
wen once the property of the ex-duucen

ex
Naples; the third * was worn by the Empress
E ie on state occasions,
is last string contains the great pearl
found in Paterson —— years ago.
This ri, if it had not 1m somewhat ine
jured by the mollusk being boiled before
he shell was opened, would be the finest
and areas gem of modern times.

Mrs. ckay is said to have the largest
number of pearis of any living woman,
There are almost 4,000 of them. One pearl
rope belonging to her measures 9 feet in
length, each pear! being the size of a pea
and perfectly matched.

mous value, formerly the property of the
late Do r Duchess of Coburg, are now
in possession of the young Grand Duke;
those of Lady Wimborne, including the
famous nop ruby, are oply a little lees
splendid. r. Haggin of San Francisco
possessed some years ago a wonderful
ruby, which had been sold by Lola Montes
for a comparatively trifling sum, but whied
is now worth some £3,000.

Sepphires, said to feel the effects of
atmospheric changes and to shrink per-
ceptibly in oold weather, are suppo
to be the coldest stones in existence and
to have the power, consequently, of quench-,
ing the fires of unlawful love. The (Czar
and the Kaiser both wear sapphire rings,
given them by their wives as talismans

Of sapphire seta none is 89 precious,
either in Europe or America, as that be-
longing to the Grand Duchess Sergius of
Russia; no single stone is so rich in the
memories that circle around it as the dark

phire sacred to the Hohenzollerns,
which has been in their family since the
time of the Crusaders.

Several ladies—among others the Dew
ager Countess of Dudley, the Duchers of
Devonshire, and Princess Dhuleep Singh
—have helped to popularize the emerald,
go well does the atone become them Lady
Chesterfield wears some inagnifioent stones
set in a girdle, while Lady Wesunoriand
and the beautiful Lady Helen Vinceot
have the Left of theirs set as muff chains.
Stones unequalled for color and size, at
any rate in Europe, are worn by the Infante
Eulalie of Srain.

footlight favorites, Sarah Berth
hardt, Duss, Melba, Christine Nilsson)
Judic'and others, are owners of fine jewels;
but Patti possesses the finest diamonds,
turquoises and rubies of them al!, The
geme she carried away as a girl from Russie
constituted one amal! fortune, those the
Rothschilds have given her another. Queed
Isabella of Spain, a singer herself,
bestowed sapphires and an amethyet brooch
surrounded with pearls; a comb set with
thirty-three brilliants was the gift of the
Empress Eugénie; the Emperors of (er
many, Austria and Rusaia all loaded he?
with diamonds; even Queen Victoria sent
@ ruby and diamond bangle—a very «
one, ‘tis true, but still Victorian, so Patt

  
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  

“4
i
smi iiliiti a © Lain facie i avid

eT SE I

apt to place the master of a hunt in a pre-

Farragut Wen the Pig. to literary pursuits, this guess seemed rather

     
     
     
    
   
   
   
      

prizes it.

dicament when he himeelf hunts with some

, ie From the Youth's Companion. improbable. P z rable
one else's pack. It is, too, a warning to David G. Farragut was but 18 years old That night Arabella was roused from sleep S41 a ra Se ea
id whee he seeved a0 midehipmen under Porter | by a volce beneath her window. Slipping on | set with yellow diamonda, and a little bracr

let, the gift of the subscribers at the 8t.
Petersburg opera house, a stave of muse
in gold, and on it, indicated in large rubies
om diamonds, the notes la, do, ™
“l’Adorée,” which indeed she was of thos
passionate lovers of music.

The most valuable opal in the world #
to be seen in the inporie’ cabinet at Vienns
Another, worn by the Emp’ Josephine,
known as the Burning of Troy, whi®
ia only a little less magnificent, is in

n of the Marchioness of Bute.

a kimono, she leaned out to listen. The tones
of Jonas, a bit more nasal than she had ever
heard them, reached her ear.

“I love you,” the voice in the dark said rap-
idly, “I love you more than any one in the
world. I'm not worthy of you, I know; but
I'll do everything I can to make you happy.
Will you marry me, Arabella?”

“Yen, I will,” said Arabella, and a few mo-
menta later Jonas trudged home with his
phonograph under his arm.

“I've always heard it was a grand thing, and
now I'm sure of it,” he muttered.

tyros.
The breach was, of course, far from
being intentionaj. It was evident forget-
fulness, ‘but few men are permitted to
forget. Unfair as it may read, it is never-
theless true that the man who knew before
he erred is more readily forgiven in the
hunting field than the man who erred and
learned. The American master of hounds
was readily reinstated, for he was reputed
a capable huntaman and known to be a
atraight rider. His timber topping was
the envy of men who take anything from
double ditches to craay narrow banks.
A few meets later he was carried off the
~ field on a stable door. There was not

in che battle of the Essex against the Phebe
and the Cherub. He was taken to the Phebe
ts 6 prisoner of war, seye his latest biog-
rapher, and c ame aboard crying from mortifi-
cation. At the game moment, oe a
British iniddy also came alongside with «
young pig in his arms.

“A prize! A prize!” he was shouting
boys, * fine grunter!”

lt was & pig that had been « pet in the
atéerage of the Easex, where it was called
Murphy. Farragut at once claimed it as
private p roperty.

“You are @ prisoner, and your
replied the British middy.

“We always Private property.”

i b ig, d ter-

sa Pecrinty Sn ens na te
Go, it,” stele

      
        
       
    
    
     
        
      
      
     
 
    
   

“Ho,

 

Mexican Woed for Ballroad Ties.
From the New Orleana Picayune
Arrangements have been completed here by
a company of the City of Mexico to ship!
railroad ties a day to this gity for the use o
c

Telephones in Theatre Boxes.

From the London Opinion.
| To enable young married women, if they

pig, too,”

  
  

needed any further apology, nor was th s :

left any remembrance of how the Ameri. | pratt” “ff 'you'eeh trash ‘Morty yea Inauire an to the condition of their children, | here’ the se wil al be of the eapote °°
a y headed the fez peer? Bn your ple. tale ace 4 om ition of their children. ere. The ties will all be of the sapote har

can once near! and spoiled wt one a are in every private box | which is harder than mahogany and w)
a run, which goes to show Mr. Collier was au tongs, but the os e, Collocum. eee 0 Oe nes eltpcte oF ee tan be ting the

. oper . Lorenzo , who is representi"
re | a huntsmen born in the land 2. me ne any W § End theatres $0 on a : nd epmensy, here al the prgeent time, said thas
a a doubt j fe sol ae 2 > ions o. juat “te Seve . ia with | and It had been found that’ Seni Sane ie

‘um inwariiiy . o ou e@ minim

. p,” ie the motto eurea? : of a tie © this wood wae y years.

 

aasboss cna sears tenant ab) iS Lal wenafemene | FLT tos ieee to eeseg +144 Sos terettey Te Te z enesthe
aaa aeeelemenemmntenet eens ESR TS SIC TSS eal

sceimetiat ee DL Tee SSE LT STITT ee SST L ete Pan th aasteserd ~ . =