,
Se MIs

Samaras

PARSONS IN FULL CONTROL:

@NANIMOUS VOTE IN REPUB-
LICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE,

 

 

Blo Gays That the Victory Was the Fruit
of Months of Toll, Preparation and
Self-sacrifoe, and Men Risked Their
Lives te Win Iit-No Lobby Control.

Herbert Parsons’s triumph over Benjamin
B, Odell, Jr., and Lemuel E. Quigg was
made complete last night when at a meeting
of the Republican county committee for the
reorganization of that body Mr. Parsons
was reelected president, and elected not
only followers of his to the other offices of
the organization but also put on all the eub-
committees men upon whom he can rely to

carry out his policy.
These were the officers elected:

President, Henserr Parsons.

Treasurer, Orro T, BANNARD.

Secretary, THoMAs W. WHITTLE.

First Vice-President, Aurren R. Paar.
Second Vice-President, CHARLKs 8. ADLER.

With the exception of Messrs. Bannard
and Adler all are reelected officers. Mr,
Bannard succeeds George Blagden, who
recently asked to be allowed to retire as
treasurer. Mr. Bannard is president of the
New York Trust Company and is a resident
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly district.
Mr. Adler sucoeeds in the second vice-
presidency Julius G. Kreamer, who was
defeated at the primaries on Tuesday last
for the pene of the Second Assembly
district by Joseph Levenson.

The posting ast night, which was held
at the Grand Central! Palace, was far differ-
ent from the one which took place in the
early part of June when Lemuel E. Quigg
and William Halpin, at the direction of Boss
Odell, had the rules of the committee so
altered as to provide for the reorganization
of the committee on the Saturday before
the Republican State convention instead
of on the usual date, the third Thursday in
December. The purpose of the change
was to give the election machinery over to
the control of the Odell-Quigg forces dur-
ing the campaign.

At that time no one seemed to have any
doubt that Mr. Odell and Mr. Quigg would
be able to wrest the control of the commit-
tee from Mr. Parsons, and manv ey
which were made at that time in the rules
were made for the express purpose of humili-
ating Mr. Parsons, although at the time no
attempt was made to depose him from the
chairmanship.

Mr. Quigg and Mr. Odell thought then
that that pushing out process could be
easily accomplished at the meeting last
night.

ut last night, although there are several
district leaders who were among Mr. Odell’s
closest supporters, not one of them, nor
any of the delegates behind them made
even the faintest protest against the carry-
ing out of the programme which Mr. Par-
eons had drawn up at the meeting of the

executive committee earlier in t day
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
Ezra P. Prentice, the yo Assembly-

man from the Twenty-fifth district, w

defeated Mr. Van Cott, Mr. Odeli’s candi-
date, for the leadership of that district,
was nominated for temporary c'
and elected unanimously. And then as
if to rub it in further perry W. Mack, who
defeated Theodore P. Gilman, Quigg’s
candidate in the Fifteenth district, was
wapasmousty slemed es, secretary.

Bronson Winthrop of the Twenty-fifth
Assembly district, Mr. Parsons’s old dis-
trict, nominated Mr. Parsons for president
of the committee. He eulogized the work
Mr. Parsons had done in throwing out the
bosses who had for so long and to its dis-
credit, controlled the local organization,
and remarked that the election of Mr. Par-
sons as the head of the county committee
would be a mere ratification of the will of
Republicans of the county as expressed at
the last primary elections. A motion that
Mr. Parsons should be elected by the casting
of a single ballot by the secretary was
ado without an opposing voice.

hen Mr. Parsons was escorted to the
platform he was f by the 700 and
more members of the committee rising
in a body and cheering him for fully five
minutes. In returning thanks for his elec-
tion Mr. Parsons said:

“We were bound to win last Tuesday be-
cause we had the right side of the issue
with us. I doubt if ublicans of this
county have any appreciation of the months
of toil, of pr tion, of self-sacrifice,
that preceded t victory. I know that
men risked their lives to win it. Since that
victory was won I have received much

ersonal praise, but the credit is not mine.
t is yours.

We presented an issue to the enrolled
Republicans squarely, and squarely they
have answered it, and squarely we must
keep our trust. We must forever keep the
Republican party in this county free from
the danger of going back into the control
of the lobbyists, and we must see to it that
we as Republicans of this great city keep
loyal to the principles of Theodore Roose-
velt. Henceforth the Republican organiza-
tion of this county must not depend for
st@ength upon promises but upon deeds.”

After the election of the permanent

officers, committees were appointed to
pass upon the contests presented by the
defeated leaders in the Second, ird,

Fourth, Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth dis-
tricts and also to report upon the advisa-
bility of changing back t rules of the
committee to correspond to those which
exisied prior to the changes made by the
Odell-Quigg forces in June last. At the
request of Mr. Parsons these committees
went into session immediately upon the ad-
jJournment of the meeting.

The committee on contested elections
took up the contest in the Fourth Assembly
district, where Philip Rosenthal, the Par-
fons man, is trying to unseat Jacob New-
stead. Newstead was represented by his
lawyer, Leonard Smitkin. John Hen
Hammond appeared as Rosenthal’s counsel.
Evidence was given that Rosenthal watchers
were excluded from polling places and that
Rosenthal ballots were destroyed. The
committee adjourned until October 1,
when it will meet at 32 Liberty street.

 

MURPAY OFF TO BUFFALO.

——EE
Took the 11:30 P. M. Train After Staying
Away From the Hall All Day.

Charles F. Murphy left for Buffalo last
night on the train leaving the Grand Central
Station at 11:30. He was accompanied only
l_y Tom Smith, secretary of Tammany Hall.
He did not appear at Tammany Hall yester-
day. District leaders who waited around
the building until late in the afternoon
drifted away under the belief that he had
gone to Buffalo on some other line than the
New York Central to evade the newspaper
men, who for two days had been endeavoring
to find out if he intended to fight for the en-
forcement of the unit rule at Monday night's
caucus in Buffalo of the Tammany delegates.
Mr. Murphy has refused to answer any
questions which have been put to him along
these lines, but to the committee repre-
senting the Sulzer forces which called upon
him on Friday he said that he was going to
Ruffalo with an entirely unprejudiced mind,
that he liked Sulzer personally and that
Sulzer if norninated would have no warmer
*upporter. One of Mr. Murphy’s friends
who wan seen yesterday said:

“Charley will do nothing definite until
after the caucus. The Sullivan and the
McOlellan men, I understand, will not follow
out their threat toremain out of the caucus,
because combined they think they will have
enough votes to defeat any project Murphy
may bring forward to commit the delegates
from this county to Hearst. Once Murphy
finds that he has no chance of carrying
through his proposition for putting into
effect the unit rule there is no doubt that he
will drop Hearst and will be willing to listen
to reason to consider some other candidate
upon whom we can all agree.”

Victor M. Allen for State Senator.
Troy, Sept. 22.—-The Republican county
convention this afternoon nominated Victor
M. Allen for State Senator and sent a dele-
gation, headed by ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black,
Superintendent of State Prisons (. V. Col-

‘ins and Senator William D. Barnes, to the ;

State convention.

ae. be

Oo
te BE Ni ale To a8 Phaged

Lamen

Mr. E, B. Deoss, of Ly

i»

nently cured of cold and lameness in his joints

 

E. B. DEOSS.

DUFFY’S PURE MALT WHISKEY

t and tonic; it builds up the

5 .
is an absolute! ure, gentle and invigorating st:
D the heart, gives ewe the brain, strength and elasticity

It brings into action all the vital forces; it makes

tissues, tones up
and richness to the blood.
and enables you get from the food
eat all the nourishment ft contains is
invaluable for overworked men, delicat
women and sickly children, itis a food
eiready diges' It strengthens and ~*~
tains the system, is a promoter ot good healt
and longevity, makes the old voung a
keeps the young strong. Duffy's the
only whiskey that is recognized as a -
cine and is guaranteed absolutely free from
fusel oil.

BEWARE of dangerous imitations and
substitutes. They are positively harmful
and are sold for profit only by unscrupu-
lous dealers. Look for the trade mark,
the “Old Chemist,” on the label, and be
vy the seal over the cork is =.

druggists or grocers, or direct, $1.
a bottle. Doctor's advice and medical
booklet free. Duffy Malt Whiskey Co.
Rochester, New York.

———— |

ONE CRAQUEUR OF FOUR GONE.

M. MINCUR’S STORY OF THE UR-
LAN TOLD FOR THE LAST TIME,

It Picased Him Much te Remember That
He Had Been a Soldier of France,
Even if He Hadn't Been — Van-
quished by Asthma, He Shoots Himself.

Les Quatre Craqueurs met, as wag their
Saturday night custom, at Andrés, on
West Thirty-seventh street, last aight.
But there were only three of them. They
turned up one chair and one glass of claret
they allowed to stand untasted before the
turned up.chair. For M. Prosper Mincur,
the fourth’ of the Quatre Craqueurs, had
shot himself below the heart and had died
in his lodgings on Seventh avenue that
afternoon. It was at number 428.

“It is too bad,” said M. Emilion, one
of the three remaining, as he took his
seat at the table. “But it was to be ex-

.. “Yes,” said M. St. Antoine, “and you will
remember how he said: ‘It is not fitting
that a soldier of France should show weak -
ness.’ Yet he was 76 years old—and that
is old.”

“Truly said,” added M.:Franchon, the
last of the Quatre Craqueurs. “Yet he died
quickly and as a soldier. That was some-
thing.”

So the three remaining members of the
Quatre Craqueurs drank their wine last
night in silence and when the hour came for
André’s closing they went their several
ways.

They chose that name put of sportiveness.
They are all old fellows, Frenchmen, who
have been wont to gather every Saturday
night in André'’s and there swap yarns
and spin tales of the old days back in France
when they were all young. M. Prosper,
who shot himself, was the light of the four.
He always had a merry heart, they say
sunshine or rain. And it was his story
of how he killed the Prussian that always
came after the demi tasse. This is the
story:

“When I was a franc-tireur I was a very
timid young man. The battle made me
sick, and when the firing began I used to
feel a weakness in the knees. This troubled
me greatly, for I was a loyal franc tireur
and I wanted to support the colors of France
as best I could. °

“But every time I went into battle there
would be that trembling of the knees and
my stomach would go ‘boom-hvom’ against,
my beart and stuff me all up with fear.
This was embarrassing.
myself for being a coward. Yet I knew
that 1 was not a coward.

“The test came, my friends, in the little
engagement which we had with the Prus-
sians outside of Bernay. We were sur-
prised, and the Uhlans came down the road
on us like a whirlwind. It was during the
breakfast hour—a most irregular hour
for the attack. I was sitting with my cup
of coffee and my panier on my knee when
the Prussians came around the turn of
the road.

“I jumped to my feet and reached for my |
rifle. But, alas! a t blond Uhlan was
down on me with h
throw a shell into the chamber. And this |

was the good fortune, my friends, just as
the Prussian launched at me with his lance

 

 

The Weather.

The pressure increased over the north Atlantic
region yesterday, thereby causing northeasterly
winds and decidedly lower temperatures in New
England and northern New York. In the North-
west also,where an extensive high area was central,
it was cooler. A storm of very ®luggish move
ment was central over the middle Lake section In
an oblique, troughitke formation, with accom-
panying thunderstorms, rain asd generally un
settled conditions over the Lake regions and east-
ward to the middle Atlantic and New England
coasts,

Westward fromthe Mississipp! Valley the weather
was generally fair.

In this city the day was cloudy and rainy, with
thunderstorms; slightly cooler; wind fresh easterly;
average humidity, 86 per cent.; barometer, cor-
rected to read to sea level at 4 A. M., 30.06; 3 P. M,,
30,04,

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, is shown in the annexed table:

1006, 906. | 1906, 1005,
OA. M......73° 68°; 6 P. M....+.. oo 716°
3B Mh... cceodhe 75°| 0 P. M Lhe
3 P. M......70° 70°12 Mid...... 6° 68

Highest temperature, 74°, at 0:15 A. M.
‘WASHINGTON FORECAST POR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
For eastern New York and New Engtand, showers
to-day, followed by fair in the afternoon or at night,
fair to-morrow; fresh to brisk southwest, shifting
to west and northwest, winds.

For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Delaware, thunder showers, followed by fair and {
cooler, to day; fair and cool to morrow; fresh west
to northwest winds.

For the District of Columbia, Maryland and
Virginia, fair and somewhat cooler to-day; fair
and cool to-morrow: fresh west winds.

Yor western Pennsyivania and western New
York, fair and coolér to day and to morrow; fresh
corthweat winds

|

 

  

We ne Ue wae,

ess in His Joints

Les Quatre, and that, is the name that | next day he had a cough.
André knows them by, are not all liars. | Cronies met on the followin

Often did I berate | said on

 

lance before I could |

Pitas
A

ae :
Daly .

we , oo

ndonville, Vt., was, perma-
world’s greatest tonic stim-
ulant, Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey. Thousands of
letters are received daily
from grateful patients who
have been restored to
health and vigor by the
greatest of all tonic stimu-

_ tants.

“For a long time I suffered from a severe
cold, accompanied by lameness and dis-
abling pains in my joints and general aching
throug ut the . Many remedies taken
f to give relief, and I soon feared, as I
wasapoorman,I would beunable to do my
work. At this time, broken in health, an
mugh that was
was induced to be
Malt Whiskey, and I am happy to state that
from the first dose I began to feel the in-
fivience of its great healing power.

“I am now a well man, and offer this tes-
‘timonial in gratitude and in the hope that
others similarly afflicted may be
todo asl have done.—E. B. D
ville, Vt.,
1006.

, Lyndon-
R. F. D., No. 8, Box 215, June 28,

to the muscles,

{gestion

 

I held my panier inst my stomach, for
there it wae that I felt the sinking feeling,
asu .

“His lance struck the panier and glanced
through the scruff of my trousers. I seized
the haft of the lance and pulled. The
Pruasian he lost his balance and fell from
his horse all ina heap. I was on in an
instant, and with my hand on his throat I
yen with him.

. ¢ Prussian was a big man and a
strong man. He tried to force my hand
away from his throat. But with my left
hand I reached around to my belt and drew
tny bayonet. I thrust the point through
his throat and he died there.”

t is the story that M. Minour used to
tell every Saturday at after the demi-
tasee, and he used to illustrate it with the
carafe, a bread stick and the paprika
shaker. “Here was the Prussian, where
this paprika potis. Here wasI, this carafe.
Let the bread stick be the lance. Pouf!
the Uhlan strikes my ier with the lance
and I have him from his horse here where
the -—_— stain is.” he Q

or five years past the Quatre Craqueurs
have hered at André's. They went
there first when he had only three tables,
and when his biuillabaise was nothing
above the ordinary. M. Mincur never
missed a night. Always it was M. Minour
who sta the song at the end of the
dinner, when the others had left the place
and André was putting the paper over
the canary cage. Ever it was M. Mincur
who paid the pretty compliment to André's
wife—never t same compliment—when

Quatre were leaving.

M. Mincur carried himself with a mili-
tary bearing, said the other members of
the Craqueurs last night when they were
talking about his h. He had the
straight back and the great chest, and he

; waxed his mustache to two fine points.
; It was his pride that his health had always
been the health of the solider, said they.

Two months ago M. Mincur got his feet

) wet in the storm while he was going home

from André's one Saturday night. The
en the four
r t a Saturday
night M. Mincur's voice was and
his breath whistled as he told the story
of the Prussian. But that was nothing,
he assured the three; he would be all right
soon,

One month ago M. Mincur came to the
meeting of Les Quatre, muffled up with a
shaw! about his chest, although it was quite
warm. He had hardly any voice left.
He told the story of the issian in a
whisper.

That night, too, he said that he believed
that he had the asthma. It was too bad
that an old soldier should have the asthma.
It was the disease of children and the puny.

; meur was sorry that his wheezin
should bother the other three. But, o!
course, the disease would soon leave him,

“If one cannot shake disease when one
is old,” M. Mincur had said, “then it is
better to give up the life suddeniy.”

Just a week ago last night. 80 the three
remaining Craqueurs say, M. Mincur came
to André’s. e looked bad, though he
had a flower in his buttonhole. t he
ate and drank of André's thin wine. And
he told ain the story of the Prussian
after the demi-tasse. Then it was that he
: ing, “It is not fitting that a
soldier of France should show weakneas.”

So M. Mincur shot himself below the heart
ponereey afternoon in his lodgings on

venth avenue.

“No,” said M. Emilion to the reporter
who inquired about the antecedents of
M. Mincur, “he was not a franc tireur, he
never was in the army of France. But
it } gave him such pleasure to believe he
h been.”

 

Congressman Olmsted Renominated.
HanrrsavurG, Pa., Sept. 22.—Congress-
man Marlin E. Olmsted of Harrisburg was
nominated unanimously to-day by the Re-
publican conferees of the Eighteenth Con-
gressiona! district, composed of the counties

of Dauphin, Cumberland and Lebanon.

LL TS
GRAPE-NUTS,

ae

SUN STROKE

Followed by Partial Starvation.

 

 

 

The effects of sun stroke upon the di-

| gestive system are often very severe, as well

as upon the nerves.

An Ind. Jady had a striking experience:

“Four years ago I was sun struck, and
my stomach sd congested it was terribly
painful even t swallow liquids, and as
nothing would stay on my stomach, I be-
gan to fear starvation. I finally became
perfectly helpless and was given up by
our physician.

“A neighbor told me how much good
Grape-Nuta had done her husband, who
suffered with dyspepsia, and her son with
typhoid fever, so L began to use this won-
derful food, and slowly began to recover
until now I am strong and well again. I
can eat anything I want, and think Grape-
Nuts one of the greatest blessings that was
ever given to suffering humanity.

“When I began to use Grape-Nuts I only
weighed 118 lbs. Now I weigh 148, and
the past four years have been a blessing
almost beyond belief, and if I had not per-
sonal experience, I could hardly believe what
I know is true. My nerves are steady,
memory clear and I owe my fine condition
to Grape-Nuts."" Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.

‘*There’s a reazon.”

OT te. a em oD
ye Oy

4 ;
7 oi) ea
a be cae, OU IN,

by the

  
  
   
  
 
    
 
  
   
  
  

 

Concentration

The entire aim of this establishment ts
centered on a single object—the complete
outfitting of the young.

factory manner.

prizes.

now on display,

 

 

Children’s Outfitting
Our Only Business

60-62 West 23d Street.

Boutitlier Brothers

Civing our whole attention to providing

boys, girls and infants with specially designed

- clothing, hats, shoes and furnishings, we supply
all their wants in a most complete and satis-

The broad assortmentsof styles, materials
and qualities are convincing evidence of the
many advantages of outfitting children in an
establishment devoted exclusively to theirndeds,

Originating many of our juvenile fashions
and manufacturing under our direct supervision,
we offer goods of exceptional merit at lowest

Fall styles in children's and infants’ wear,
showing the newest fashions-and novelties are

    

  

 

HOUSEKEEPING LINENS.

At this Sale we are offering an anasually fine line of

7 HIGH-CLASS LINENS |
which comprises Hemstitched and Embroidered Bedspreads,
Sheets, Pillow Cases, Shams, Launch and Tea Cloths,
Scarfs, Centres, Doylies, &c.
Also ‘
SPECIAL LOTS OF DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS AND NAPKINS

2
2422
$..22
344 x2
24 12%
Breakfast Napkins (dos.)
Dinner Napkins (dos.)

x2 yards,

oe

oe

oe

oe

. Damask Table Cloths in larger sizes
And

BEDROOM AND BATH TOWELS,
$1.20, 1,80, 3.00, 3.75, 6.00, 12.00 per dosen

Le Boutittier Brothers

West Twenty-third Street.

 

——

MORAN NOMINATED AGAIN.

Hearst's Massachusetts League Nominates
Him for Bay State Governorship.

Boston, Sept. 22.— District Attorney John
B. Moran, who already is a candidate for
Governor on the Prohibition ticket, was
also nominated for that office at the first
convention of the Independence League
of Massachusetts to-day. There were be-
tween 400 and 500 delegates present, and
nearly the whole of Hearst's staff of re-
porters were in the hall and did their share
when it came to cheering. J. F. Davis, one
of the reporters, who has been organizing
the league in this State, was major domo
to-day. He called the convention to order
and saw that things were run properly.

There was no excitement, except in the
case of one delegate, who, when the chair-
man said something about the “true Demo-
cratic spirit prevailing,” jumped up and
said he was going home, as he did not want
to have anything to do with a Democratic
convention.

The only contest was for the office of
Lieutenant-Governor. John Golden of Fall
River, president of the United Textile
Workers of America, wanted the place, and
so did E. Gerry Brown of Brockton. Brown
was nominated. Thomas L. Hisgen of
Springfield was nominated as State Auditor

 

and the remainder of the ticket will be |

selected by the executive council of the
league.

The platform declares for public owner-
ship of all publio utilities that are natural
monopolies, municipal ownership of tele-
phones, lighting plants and transportation
lines. Laws to aid the farmers, reasonable
railroad rates, the smashing of the milk

trust, direct nomination of all candidates,.

good roads, pure food laws, the eight hour
day, a limitation of the power to issue in-
junctions, the recognition of unions and

stricter laws regulating insurance compa-.

nies and financial institutions.

Jerome on His Way to Baffaie.
Ausany, Sept. 22.--District Attorney
Jerome went through Albany this morn-
ing on the Empire State Express on his

 

way to Buffalo to attend the Democratic |
State

convention.
able Democratic
Col

artis the
alee or tenes

vention

{fon Shae Murpty that the coed
: r. Mu
will decide.” “- ier

$1.95 $2.75 $5.00
2.50 3.50 5.50
2.95 . 4.50 6.50
3.50 5.00 7.50
4.50 7.50 10.00
1.98 2.75 3.95
2.95 5.50 7.50

egaally reasonable in price.

CLERGYMAN’'S WIFE A SUICIDE.

Mrs. Leonora McMichael, Insane Through
Diiness, Kills Herself With Gas.
Mrs. Leonora McMichael, wife of the Rev.
= McMichael, pastor of the First
|
|

 

 

Baptist Church in Arlington, N. J., com-
mitted suicide early yesterday morning.
She had been ill for several days and her
mind had become affected. She was very
melancholy and at times hysterical. Owing
to her condition her husband and the ser-
vants sat up with her until 1 o'clock yester-
day morning. Mrs. McMichael seemed to
fall asleep then and the others went to bed.

When the Rev. Mr. McMichael awoke
in the morning he found no trace of his
wife. He supposed she had felt much bet-
ter and had come to this city, as she had
been talking of doing 6o for several days.
To ward noon the odor of gas became notice-
able in the house.” The clergyman and the
servants made a search for the leak and
traced it to the garret. There they found
Mrs. McMichael’s . She had con-
nected a rubber tube with a gas jet, and
placing the other end in her mouth had

wrapped a blanket about her head and |

face. She had been dead many hours.

Mrs. McMichael’s death was a shock |

to the village, where she was ve ular,

She took an active interest in church and
| Charitable work and was well known as a
vocalist in Arlington and. other places
in the vici . She was 41 years of age
and had no children.

 

‘Comforts—there’s a

 

a

 

PROPOS of Creature}

substantial smack and |
an afterglow of su-'

preme enjoyment in every |

bottle of

’

B15

EVANS’ ALE_
|

unt Sake & Company som

Speciailets im Apparel for Mea, Women and Children.

FOR MONDAY, SBPTBMBER TWENTY-FOURTH

A Special Sale of |
Fall Tailor-Made Suits

A series of entirely new models, at prices
which are fully one-third less than regular.

  

4

Worth $45.00. At $29.50

Well tailored garments of imported broadcloth, in
black, brown, navy, green or garnet. Four new blouse
and tight-fitting short coat models with the new full
plaited skirts. The garments are faithful copies of
imported French models by Pacquin, Francis and
Drecoll and the four models are elaborated with appli-

with embroidered vests and collars. A complete range
of sizes for large, normal and small women.

Worth $35.00 At $22.50
Two entirely new models, one a mannish
sack coat and the other a peplin-blouse style.
Both are presented in black, navy or brown

cheviot, and gray, o—. navy or brown ,
checked and plaid broadcloths. The sack
coat model is severely plain; the blouse model
has a braid trimmed broadcloth vest and 4
applications of braid and velvet on the coat. 44

Sizes 14 to 18 years; 32 to 36 bust measure. (39

The Suits for Juniors

Worth $19.50. At $11.75
Double breasted sack coat model, thoroughly well
tailored with a full plaited shoe-top length skirt.
Fashioned of all wool mixtures, striped and plaid
fabrics in shades of garnet, brown, green or navy.
Coat with velvet collar and fancy buttons and satin
lined; sizes 12 to 16 years. Suits for juniors in the
Children’s Shop on the 2d floor. 880

    

   

FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY

' High Grade Shoes for Women 7
At $2.85 ‘-
. Regularly $4.00, $5.00, $6.00

Experience has taught you what manner of shoe you
have a right to expect at four, five and six dollars.

We are certain that it has not taught you to expect
more grace, more style or better service than aan
acterize the shoes which this sale involves. :

Do you need a greater assurance to establish the
importance of the sale or the extraordinary saving
which it offers?

SHOES of patent leather or kidskin in lace
or button models, with hand turned soles and
Louis XV. heels. Widths AA to B, sizes
2 to 7.

SHOES of patent coltskin or gun metal calf,
in button, lace or blucher models, college or
conventional height, Cuban heels, light or
medium soles; widths AA to B, sizes 2 to &

> $2.85

FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY

A Sale of Undermuslins for Women

MANUPAGCTURER’S SAMPLE GARMENTS.
At Price Concessions of One-third

You will be well satisfied with the character of the
garments, since they are the samples from which we
selected our regular stock. Need more be said,
unless it be in every instance the prices insure a
saving of one-third ?

GOWNS of cambric or nainsook in low and high neck models,
elaborated with laces and embroideries.

Special, 50c., 79c., $1.00, $1.69, $1.98.

CORSET COVERS of nainsook trimmed with laces and em-
broideries and ribbon run. Special, 50c,, 79c., $1.00. 4

DRAWERS of cambric or nainsook, open and closed models,
trimmed with laces and embroideries.

Special, 39c., 50c., 79c., $1.00.

CHEMISES of nainsook, knee and ankle lengths, with trimmed
skirts. * Special, 79¢., $1.00, $1.35, $1.98,

PETTICOATS of cambric, ruffled, tucked and lace or eme
broidery trimmed models,

Special, 79c., $1.00, $1.69, $1.98, $2.98, $3.95.
French Lingerie at Reduced Prices.

Odd garments, including hand made gowns, drawers
and chemise, of which we have not all sizes or which
are slightly soiled, are offered at extremely reduced
prices. ~

FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY.

A Sale of Silk and Net Blouses

One a tailored model, and two for dress service, all of
them new and effective. That makes the generous
price concessions all the stronger.

$5.50 Plaid Taffeta Blouses, $3.95

*~ Tailored model of plaid taffeta silk in black and white, navy and
. black, red and blue Oe Breen and blue, with three tucks on both
sides extending to the shoulders ; open front, long sleeve model.

$6.50 Net Blouses, $4.95

Of all-over tucked net over China silk, elaborated with medallions
and insertions of Cluny lace. Open back, short sleeve modal.

' “slide $8.00 Taffeta Blouse, $5.95

A. dressy blouse of fine taffeta silk in pink, blue or ivory, with
yoke of ‘Valenciennes medallions and insertions, entire front, back
_, and sleeves elaborated with Valencierines insertion in scroll

open back, short sleeve model.

 

 

  

Suits for Women and Small Women

cations of braid and velvet on both coat and skirt and

Suits for Misses and Small Women

 
  

    
     
    
       
       
     
   
    
     
       
         
     
           
       
       
         
           
   
       
     
     
           
     
         
         
           
       
       
       
         
       
       
   
   
   
     
 
    
  
    
    
     
  
   
   
  
    
     
  
    
  
       
   
    
   
    
   
 
   
     
    
   
      
      
     
  
   
   
    
      
    
  
   
   
    
 
    
 

it