+ le le

o's!

wwe

i eer "= tees Oe

SSFFe SSRerits £55

ass

epste sts

   

  

   
    
   

—

tt

 

In building, his country place to-day the
fortunate owner knows that his expendi-
tures do not end when the house is finished.
The tendency to ornament the grounds
elaborately grows stronger every day
Through the Westchester hills, on Long
Jsland and in New Jersey there are acres
beautifully laid out in the style suited to the
house or in some manner that may be beau-
tiful in iteelf even if it is strongly anachron-
fatic.

These latter cases are rarer now than they
sed to be, for Americans are interested
fo having their houses and grounds show
good taste and judgment, The conse-
quence of this eminently creditable ambi-
tion is the delivering of this work to the
architecta and landscape gardeners who
understand it. They are, of course, not
infallible, but any of them is better than the
amateur. -

“Have you seen Mrs. Jones’s Italian

2” used to be a popular question.
*Jt's beautiful. She did.it all herself, too,
with only the hired man to help her.”

Mrs..Jones’s Italian garden never failed
te show ite unprofessional origin and do-
mestio t. Now she would
not take delight in having done it all herself,
More proudly would she name the architect
and landsoape gardener or designer re-
sponsible for ite beauties.

The gardens shown here are at Newport,

house. It ison the top of a , and before
the construction of the walk began this
atretoh of ground was ae gipsely covered

SEW HAZARDS FOR GOLFERS.

WUNKERS AT NOTED LINKS
ABROAD COPIED HERE.

 

 

Garden City Clob Steals a March on the
Promoters’ of the Ideal Grounds—
Planked Walls) and Sea Sand Trapse—

\@ “Thinking Golf” Aim of Links Makers.

Tn the transformed Garden City links a
march has been stolen on the projectors of
‘the national course, which was to have been
*@ reproduction of the best golf holes in the
British Isles. The ideal course is still in
the realms of the imagination alone, but
the changed links at Garden City is open
and ready for the members.

Those who believed that the Garden City
course was the best in the United States
will be shocked when they see the upheavals
that have taken place. In playing the
round, whether they find more to praise
than to blame, they will at least have a
thrilling experience, as much like shooting
the chutes or swinging in the captured
airships as any sensation to be had in placid
golf.

Throughout the course the middle piece
of all the cop bunkers that formerly crossed
the line of play has been razed. This is
a blow at the principle on which all the
golf links were formerly laid out.

The principle was of a bunker to be car-
ried on the drive and of another such hazard

to be carried on the second shot. The idea |

has its merita, but it has been repeated in
Monotonous reiteration.

The Garden City folks have cut the Gor-
dian knot by doing away witb all such
carries. The player who lacks distance is
punished enough, adcording to the new
theories, and it is wrong so to penalize a
short drive that he who makes it will lose
all interest in the hole after the first shot.
On the other hand, distance regardless of
600d direction is not to be encouraged.

“Your courses are too wide,” said the
Oxford and Cambridge players when they
visited America. “One may get to the
green as easily when off the course as when
on it,”

This objection may no longer be urged
against the Garden City links. The end
Pieces of the cop bunkers still remain as
side hazards, with a generous sprinkling
in of the new traps off the line and of un-
kempt plots of grass left to inflict a similar
punishment.

Some of the new traps are undulating
ones, a series of earthen billows, that sug-
geet a dozen huge nutmeg graters laid
along side by side. There is one such
Contrivance to catch a sliced second shot
to the sixth or a sliced drive from the seventh
tee; another to punish a pulled second on
the sixteenth hole, or « pulled iron shot,
auld drive or second have been short.

 

PRRNAL GARDEN, AFTER HAMPTON COURT.

|
- removed from a space sufficiently

 
  
   
  
    
   
   

| In these traps the punishment will be

large to make the walk and leave room at
each side for the privet hedge and the line
of hemlocks back of it.

This made it necessary to plant only one
line of trees baok of the hedge, as the original
forest still stood to make a deep back-
ground of foliage. The road may be sodded
or, if the owner is willing to wait long
enough, planted in grass. The grass walk
is sunk several steps below the level of
the lawn. The two Italian marble seats in
the foreground are details repeated further
along in the walk. This extends equally
far on both sides of the house. Like the
other views shown here, the landscape work
was carried out by Wadley & Smythe.

Grass walks need not always be so broad
or form such an important feature in the out
of door decorative scheme as they do in this
plan. The formal garden of the house of
Mrs. Richard Gambrill at Newport, which

| is shown in the picture as one views it from

the terrace, is supplied with grass walks

slight should the player get an upstanding
ball, but it will be very severe if the ball
gets a hanging lie, unless the golfer has the
shot in his bag for this emergency. To be
caught in one of these tyape, whether one

Wise VO

gets out iuckily or not, will en exneri-
ence to be remembered. There will be
little chance of a ball leaving such a trap
with a hop and a skip.

The first putting green and the twelfth
are guarded by deep bunkers filled with
glistening sea sand. This is the sort of
sand found on the noted seaside links
abroad, and for which the advice for play-
ing out of a bunker in the books, “hit well
back of the ball,” has been framed.

American bunkers are usually filled with
building sand, of pulverized earth and
tiny stones, and a niblick laid well under
the ba!l is the most effective shot to get
clear of them. But in these two new bunk-
ers at Garden City the advice must be
followed literally if the ball is to soar ott
as though with wings. To stand on the

| yielding sand, which crunches under the
| feet as when one walks on an ocean beach,

|

 

 

RMAL GARDENS ARE
-MADE BEAUTIFUL NOW, ,

The Days of Haphazard Landscape Work Are Past—Italian and
French Styles Influence Architects the Most—Some Notable Examples

LL ee

‘ tiny “i Bicuget ”

1 Radley Sea 3 ig Hee Me nants Rat. sill

~ PERGCOLA, POND AND,OAN TREES WITH FORMAL GARDEM,

edged with a border of turf raised about the
edges. This garden, which suggested the
terrace of Hampton Court in its general
view, is sunk nearly four feet below the
level of the terrace in the foreground. It
is French in the rather studied simplicity of
its decoratidous and more especially in the
detail of the four statues which stand at the
corners of the terrace. The fountain, with

its arrangement of the marble benches, is |

more clearly the result of Italian influence.
One of the particular achievements of
the landscape gardener in dealing with this
problem might escape the attention of one
who knew this garden only from the picture.
The background of the picture is a cedar
hedge, which naturally faces any person
standing on the terrace. Nobody would
suspect that this sylvan scene was ajto-
gether the result of this cedar hedge. Just
back of it runs Bellevue avenue, one of the
most crowded streets in Newport, that would
destroy al! illusion of rétreat were it once
viewable. As it ie, there is nothing to indi-

 

A ball must be played up from the sand
in a rocketing curve to get over the planks
to the green. The player is very certain
to turn his back on tke planks and to try to
get out the way the bal! came in, from the
tee side.

There are no bunkers on any other Ameri-
can links like these and they have been
copied from hazards the touring members

ee

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
    
 
  
 

) and prepare to play out the half buried | of the club have been impressed with

| pall, ia a somewhat appalling sensation.
The hazards are so deep that the players’

abroad, That at the first green suggests
the, bazard for the first green at Brancaster,

shoulders are only level with the turf. The | the course of the Royal Wést Norfolk Golf
sand slopes upward to encourage ong .to Chib; end-that-at the twelfth hole is easen-

play hack, and if the
of the ball, this shet may usually be made
with sucorss.

But it is ejTerent along the side of the trap

club geta well back | stially the same as the embankment at

the nifth hole of the Newcastle links in
Ireland.
Tho first hole at Garden City is 269 yards

 

 

NEW CASTLE IDEA AT GARDEN CLT

 

3k

———.

cate that the placid stretches of this garden
are in the heart of a summer city. These
cedars, which were planted only two years
ago, are 20 feet high. They were brought

| to Newport from seventy miles away.
The light border which shows against this
| dark cedar background is composed of

SEFTEMBER

| pink anemone, which grows to a gigantic |

aize and is planted thickly enough to make
it a positive element in the ornamentation
of the garden.

The cupid standing in the formal garden
at the left wing of the Murry Guggenheim
house at Norwood Park, N. J., is typical of
the decorations of the two gardens which
are duplicated at each wing. Carrtre &
Hastings, who built the house which re-
cently won the prize which the Society of
American Architects of thia city gave to
the finest building erected in three years,
made the house entirely French in style
and the gardens are also influenced by that
manner. The beds in these gardens are

ae ry ee

A. WATE

eee ————

only those sh4wn at the back to other flow-
ers. The grass walks, it will be seen, are not
used here, where camposition as white as
the marble cupid and the marble benches
contrast with the foliage. These two gar-
dens were planned to have as little shrub-
bery of more than a certain height as possi-
ble, as the house is surrounded at a short
distance away with trees. It was the plan
of the designers to have near the house
only the two trees shown in this picture.
In the roses as well as the other flowers that
fill the beds the colors are pale. The roses
are pink, yellow, white and cream and the
pinks and mosses of the background beds
are never accentuated to a shade that will
mar’the general daintiness of the color
scheme. In that respect too the gardens
are to be kept French,

Another peculiarity of these gardens is in
the fact that they are not sunken, although
the style is so popular nowadays, but afe on
the level of the lawn.

The two statues flanking the pergola of
Mrs. H. B. Jacobs's house at Newport look
like rather grim sontinels against the dark
trees. This suggestion of mystery is per-
haps one of the touches that prceclaim
the Italian origin of this garden. The
oak trees in the background rise to a height

nearly all filled with standard roses, leaving | of fifty feet,and with the dark cedars in

 

with a following wind, those who do not

On the ninth there is a sugar loaf mound

brave the carry will have to use an iron | on the near left corner of the green and a

club from the tee.

The twelfth green is backed by fine new
mounds, really part of the putting green,
arid a long driver may take the risk of
having his ball stopped by one of the hillocks.
But the beast play will be to get short of

the sand bunker and then pitch to the

 

 

We
gredn, which ‘is most effectually guarded
under the mew changes.

The putting greens to be diversified by
artificial undulation# are the second, fourth,
ninth and twelfth. The. turf was stripped
off them, as a carpet is rolled up on a floor,
and replaced ‘after the mounds bad been
made. The interstices were patohed with
sods and the four greens to be stripped are

toward the putting green. A wall of planks ! and the twelfth 254 yards, and, when only | now the best on the course.

ia built up from the send to the turf, It is | guagded by the former shallow trars, 26 |
Now there is

five or six feet in height, resembling the
timbers put up to prevent an embank-
ment from caving in.

 

were occasionally made.

no chance of a ball gaini the grern

on @ roll and from the twelfth te6. especially |

The undulations of thé second and fourth
greens resemble somewhat @ choppy aea
| The rise amd fall of the surface will lend
varioty and charm to the putting,

similar mound in the far right corner. A

| ball may be run up and over them with a |

| of mounds on the twelfth putting green.

TT WELETN HOLE,

 

|

putter, but a mashie would seem the better
club to use. This is also true of the chain

The record at Garden City is 71, held |
by Walter J. Travis, who has had a free

 

re |
SC

S

WHA.
(ER

;

ea (7

pe
5S)

|
|

Ny

  

? GARDEN AND

 

| pionship golf.
|} the course is of 6,438 yards, but the distances

PIP ANCASTER HAZARD AT GARDERRCITY FIASVGREEM

PER GOLA.

eee

ae

rae %

the rear of the pergola mask the street which
is only a few feet away. J. Russell Pope,
who designed this houses, had the problem
of creating the appearance of rus in urbe
that confronts every architect who con-
structs a Newport house. Pergolas are
perhaps the mest distinetive feature of the
Italian garden, although the French archi-
tects early began to build them.in their
own country. In Romah days a pergola
was always some part of a dwelling house
intended for a subsidiary purpose, and as
these small additions were frequently used
for shops pergola came to be the word
that means shop always.

A pergola in a garden, Italian or other-
wise, need no longer be attached to a house,
but stands on an independent structure.
It is always, however, an arbor and is
usually of wood. In the present case, how-
ever, the base of the pergola is of white
stone and the covering of painted wood.
The lattice at the rear, in order to mask
still more completely the nearby street, is
covered with vines, which also trail from
the roof. On either end of the stone cor-
nice are large vases, intended to hold
plants, but not used now for that purpcss.
A low box hedge follows the outlines of the
walk that leads about the garden and to the
pergola. ‘

watohword of the committee in remodelling
the Garden City course, as it was with
the changes at St. Andrews, in Scotland,
for the open championship last year. There
the slogan was “thinking golf,” and ao-

| cording to Willie Anderson part of the
| scheme war to spoil the course by pot

bunkers on the fair green to catch a drive
of 200 or 200 yarda.

The longest drivers here are already
registering the same complaints against
the bunkers on the first and twelfth holes
at Garden City. At Myopia, the first course
in the United States to be remodelled on

testing lines, there is no rebuke to strength |

on the tee or through the green.
den City the excessively long players must
hold back on more than one toe.

This, in the opinion of the great drivers,
is a defect of the course that the alterations
have increased and not lessened for chara-
As’ regulatly played now

may be material lengthened out by mov-
ing back the tees.
The new scheme to supply attractive-

—

 

 

|
|
|
}

}
f |

oe ’
‘ '
Bas) |

'
|
1
!

>

y si

hand {n making the changes on the course. ! ness through tho round, which is apparent

The members are now returning from |
their summer links and testing the new |
conditions. Should the opinion be favor- |
ble the club committee may give Travis |
permission to work out other ideas.

He had made 70 on the course this summer,
but it was with the fourth green short of |
the road and the twelfth green on the |
near side of the bunker. It will be inter- |
esting to mote whether the changes will
make the course a more difficult one for
the topnotchers to score over.

Intricate golf may be pronounced the

in the new course of the Dunwoodie Country
Club and on the’ @étension t> cighteen
holes of the Oaklafd Golf Chib's links,

marke a revolutiqn’ from the storestyped
conditiona deemod fully satisfactory in
the days of the golid golf ball. The best,
players are no lowker content with a course |
on which 66 or 68Js possible.

At Gar- |

  
  
 
    

   

 

All these details of the decoration kelp
to make a graceful and uncommonly chat-
acteristic garden in the Italian stylq But
the unique feature of the view is thy oval
water garden on the centre lawn aid op-
posite the entrance to the garden Such
a form of water garden is as rare as it is
charming. The pool, surrounded ly @ stone
border, follows on one side the curve of
| the lawn. On the other it is flattened, until
the pand takes on a bean or kimey shape,
|

 

A low border of anemone rum about the
| atone flagging. Usually the ool is filled
| with water lilies of various colors. Cone
| trasting with the turf, it ade a charming
| and original detail to the sceg@. No feature

of thie pergola and its accompanying water
| garden is more attractive pian the freedom
| from excessive detail. Thyre are no flower+
| like pictures to tire the e nor any jumble
| of colors. There is the restful green of

the foliage, the white statuary and the
| pergola against this scthing ground and
‘the pale tinted lilies & the water garden.

These are the effects ff this formal garden

as one sees it near @ hand. From a dis-
| tance it shows the to stone seats outside
| the pergola and th» pendants to them @t

the other end of che garden. sim-
| plieity of the mosf ornamented part of the
| garden is retainec. Only the turf and the

Gas beds of folage plants provide the

decoration. *

eee sneey
—=—

The Baltimoe Country Club offered a
new and rougl course to the contestants
in the open championship of 1899 and Nip-
per Campbel of Boston, just out from
Troon, raise an outcry becaase his ball

 

one hole.
“Man give,” cried Campbell, ‘wha!
kenned o’ hazards on th’ pootin’ greens!"
But theold order changeth.
} on the sew ninth and twelfth greens a$
| Garden,City are sure enough hazards.

CLOVER UPSETS STONE WALLS,

A Remit of Book Farming in Maine Which
} the Old Timers Foresaw.

Psosprecr Ferry, Me., Sept, 22.—“This
| ne¥ atyle of book farming,” said Wildcast

| Perkins, “is ruining some of the beat stone
| whlis that were ever laid in Waldo county.

“You wouldn't think there wasany kind of
| gatural connection between double stone
| walls and clover, would you? But I am
| prepared to prove that there is, and thas
no man can raise clover hay on his farm for
three years in succession without having
his stone walls tumble down and scatter
themselves all over the fields, so it would

-take ten men a month to rebuild a mile of
the old fencing.

“It all comes from what thev
necting link, and the cons
this case is the woodchuck

“As soon as a woodchuck sees clover
growing right up close to a stone wall,
he doesn't have to go and ask the neighbors
if it is a favorable locality for a woodchuek
to start in burinoss. He goes to eating
clover and making his nest in the interior
of the stone wall, and all is lovely until
some cur dog comes along and emells the
woodchuck in the wall, and begins to talk
about it in dog language so all the nelghe
borhood cnn hear.

*Of couree, the boy who owns the dog

call a cone
‘ing link in

| and the boy friends of the boy who owng

the dog and the dogs belonging to the bog
friends of the boy who owns tho dog go
to wee what the trouble is, and in doing
80 discover the woodchrick in the wall and
proceed to pull the wall down and scatter
the stones all over th: farm, so as to get at
the woodshuck ard Ail it. And having
geen the dogs fight with the woodchuoi
until it was dead the boys and the dog:
have no more ure for the stone wall ane
feave it splayed out upon the ground, as L
the building of stone walls did not cost
money and time and backache i
“And so I say,” continued Wildcat Per
kins, “that no Maine farmer can live as he
should if he attempts to grow clover along-
side of a double stone wall. Nobody hag
ever been able to change dog nature or bor
nature, and nobody can ever hore to
off the woodohucks.

The joy of anpihilating distance granted “Then # te plain epee to e* rete
by the lively has begun to pall. The pag hw FA how much longer the
golfers want azles to solve and atone walls have been here, ~ is my opinion
the changes of the lirkcs at Garden City | that it is up to the clover tdinake the Gree
are an effort wp fill jemand, a0ve,” hn yea

[ak

|
| got into rowh grass within thirty feet of ‘
|

ihe moutitie

oa

fae ar nee

aes F

patna