. Wado.

a ee ee

——

> DONKERS INVADE NEW YORK,
PLAIN LIVING CHRISTIANS “O8T
A FOOTHOLD HERE,

 

+ tee

 

> Mey Wil Soon Baild a Church in Brooklyn
; =—They Live and Preach the Simpie
Léfe —1.25,000 of Them tn This Country,

eo Which William Penn Invite Them» '
@- store window at the corner of Fifty-’

thinth street and Third avenue, South
Brooklyn, is a sign which reads “Christian
Brethren Mission,” and a placard giving 4
list of the services held there Sundays and
week days.

The interior of the store is furnished
with a reading desk, a large blackboard, a
huge stove and rows of high back reversible
benches which will seat about 200 persons.
On special cooasions, however, the congre-
gations number nearer 300. The only
decorative features are framed Scripture,
texte on the white kalsomined walls and
thick half curtains at the windows to screen
the worshippers from curious gazers on the
aidewalk.

It is a noiay corner. The mission stands
‘between a crowded tenement population
son the one hand and flate and small dwellings
of better off wage earners on the other, and
Ndrawse its congregations from both.

Occasionally women wearing picture hats,
. Jewels, silken gowns and French heeled

, whoes mingle with the congregation, but
they seldom come again upon discovering
that the Christian Brethren are not advo-
wates of outward adorning. Probably not
one visitor in fifty realizes that this is the
quarters of the Dunkers, alias Dun-
. alias German Baptists, alias Chris-
dian Brethren, who less than eight years
“gizo were not represented at all in Greater
few York and to-day are a growing re-
ligious body. An evidence of this is the
purchase by the congregation last spring of
@ % by 100 foot lot at the corner of Sixty-
mecond street and Third avenue, Sotith
Brooklyn, on which they intend to erect
goon a substantial church and parish house.
But for this fact the Dunkers might have
contiaued to operate their unpretentious
mission without attracting the least atten-
tion from most of the churchgoing com-
munity. As it is, church workers are be-
ginning to take notice and to wonder whether
am the near or Mr future the. Christian
Brethren will be a force to be reckoned with;
whether primitive Christianity as taught
and practised by the Brethren has a chance
to grow and spread in this section of the
United States, wher church services are
gyearly becoming more ornate under the
Necessity, it is said, of catering to the taste
of twentieth century churchgoers.
+ With the elaboration of the ritual, re-
Btrictions against church members indulg-
fing in certain forms of amusement have
Jbeen removed. But the Dunkers are dif-
ferent. They have failed in questions of
eburoh doctrine and church government
“to keep up with this procession. While

; wother denominations in this part of the

@ountry have given way here and added
on therein deference to questions of ex-
aw or for any reason at all the

have not budged one inch from
the platform adopted in 1719, when at the
invitation of William Penn the church
emignted to this country from Germany,
where it was organized a decade or s0
earlier inder the leadership of Alexander
Mack.

‘What & more, they emphatically dis-
g@laim any intention to budge eo long as
the organration exists. Needless to say
this platfom is in some respects at the
other extrene from that practised in the
up to date qurchgoing circles of Greater
New York. ‘Yherefore that the “Christian
Brethren,” a8 the sect now prefers to be
called; should after only eight years of
struggle attainia church roll of seventy-
eight members! the dignity of owning a
city lot and almost cash enough to put
up @ $25,000 modern edifice with a seating
capacity of 3,000,\as surprised men and
‘women well posted on the churchgoing
problem in connectiyn with great cities.

The beginning of this church was in- |

@ignificant. Sent bythe Chicago branch
of the Church, Miss Alce Boone, aided by
wT. T. Meyers of Philatelphia, established
§n February; 1397, the firt Dunkard mission
in New York in small rooms in Fifty-second
street; Brooklyn. Two months later a
Bunday scbool was start) and on Octo-
ber 4; 1890, ten persons mt im the place
and banded themselves Ato “The First
Christian Brethren Church’ of Brooklyn,
N. Y. The pastors were Yr. and Mrs.
Ulery; who succeeded Miss) Boone. , The
/@tore in Fifty-ninth street wad secured for
oy the work.

“{. ~ Elder J. Kurtz Miller, the preipnt pastor,
and his family, live in a nin? room flat
‘over the store, and the assistagt pastor,

: ¥ ‘W. M. Howe, and his sister, a Missionary |

worker, occupy the flat above. f\ is safe

   

re

SS
——ams. ee —

SS semanas

jon a
| cessively ornamental.

 

| were the days of sword fighters, also.

features {9 the Italian misatomy which te'tn
barge of an Italian apeaking minister

where teaciiing and \ preaching \in both.
Italian and English aregiven to more than 100

m PONE H DST oF CUE IRR ER, TONS AaRY SEA RSE ORO Mer ap
y ; b
ecininnmmninaitianias etait
APTBR CARE OF THE INSANE..| S35 boy'ron over sad inecastiy killed by

 

persons on. Sunday in the echool:and at'| 4 WORK BEGUN IN THIS STATE

other services.’ There is a deaconess con-
nected with the Italian work, aa well as one
here™who visite tiie sick; sesks out the
neglected and invites them to worship with
us, and feeds the hungry. We give free
Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners and
oonduct other institutional features here,
but by far the most important and success-
ful feature of every service is Bible study.
There are clasees for Bible study Monday
night and Thursday night of every week,
and the Sunday school, which numbers 300
and overflows Sunday morning into every
room of thie flat except our sleeping rooms,
has an extra session after the class lesson
devoted to an illustrated talk on the same
lesson.

“We believe in simplicity of service as
well as simplicity of dress. We have con-
gregational singing, scripture reading,
prayer and a sermon. Contrary to what
has been said of us, no arbitrary rule is
laid down as:to what color or out of gown or
hat members shal! wear, but it is understood
that both dress and hat shall be incon-
spicuows and that purely decorative articles
. pe er anything else shall be set

At this point one of the missionaries came
into the room, spoke to the minister and
went out again. She wore a close dark
bonnet, fashioned after the pattern of a
Salvation Army bonnet, but smaller, and
a plain mixed gray dreas. When asked if
that was the style of garb the Church pre-
scribed for all its women members the pastor
hesitated. .

“Not necessarily. They are at liberty
to wear it or not as they choose. They
must, however, dress plainly. If a woman
spends two or three hours before her mirror
every day she is certainly not spending her
time to the best advantage, and elaborate
toilets take more time than simpler ones do.
The Gospel teaches plainly that woman
should be more concerned to adorn herself
with works than with gay apparel.
The ee has been advanced that rules
governing woman’s-dress, which are easy |
enough to follow in the agricultural districts,
where most of-¢he Christian Brethren
churvhes are situated, will militate against
the growth of the Church in cities, but
strength is not always in numbers. One
thing is certain, Mo man or woman not
in earnest is likely to join this church.

“The Brethren are one of the oldest tem- {
perance organizations in the United States;
therefore the discipline is strict respecting
a brother who gives way to intemperance
or ubes intoxicants, and naturally members
cannot engage in the liquor business. Mem-
bers may not go to law with one another.
The Church does not sanction divorce.
Members are enjoined from belonging to
secret societies.

“In our secraments .we follow the ex-
ample of the early Christians. The
communion service, for instance, which
we celebrate twice a year, is preceded by
a lave féist—that is, by a bountiful supper
served at tables and followed by the giving
of the right hand of fellowship and the kiss
of charity—after which the communion wine
and bread are passed.

“No large salaries are paid to ministers,
no salaries at all, in fact, but ministers lack-
ing means of their own are properly sup-
ported.”

BANDS AND BUTTONS.

Their Origin in’ Conditions Which Have
Long Disappeared.

Why is it that every man’s hat has a hat
band?

The question is propounded by Prof.
Frederick Starr. The professor knows the
answer, too. He told all about it in a lecture
at Chautauqua.

You will say that it is for ornament, he
surmises, but declares that a black ribbon
black hat does not strike him as ex-

 

 

Why is it that every man’s hat
bow on the hat band, and that bow al
on the left side? \

The reason is that once there was a time

as a
ays

when a piece of cloth thrown over the head
and tied with a band of cloth.served for a
hat.

The hat band was there to hold on
the hat.

But why was that band always tied on
the left side?) The ‘reason is that those
If
the bow or rosette had been onthe right

| side it would hate been in the way. Natur-

ally, therefore, it was placed on the left
side to be out of the way.

There are other interesting survivals.
What is the reason for the buttons on boys’
short trousers, just above the knee? There
was 1 time when it was the fashion for

 

| grown. men to wear short trousers, also.
| Thev were very, proud of shapely legs, |
and wore these trousers very tight so as to |

show off the shape of their limbs io good

to say that there are few busier faces in | advantage.

Brooklyn at any hour of the day than the
pastor's apartment.

Now, if they had attempted t6 pull these
tight trousers on without some way of

When Elder Miller was asked to talkabout | relieving the strain there would have been
his work he suggested that the subjec, was | danger of splitting. Accordingly, buttons

not one which admitted of much play for

to be uninteresting to writers for meto-
politan newspapers.

“And have imaginary descriptions bem | on the sleeves of men’s coats? There was

: printed?” the minister was asked.

rousers were buttoned up.
Again, what was the origin of the buttons

a time when it was the fashion for men to

 

| aix months o

| for the famil
wee : were placed along the sides, and when the |
the imagination, consequently it Was b@ind trousers had once been pulled on safely the

 

FIVE MONTHS AGO.

 

Much Good Said te Have Been Accom.
plished Already—Its Purpose te Pro-
tect Cured Patients From Kelapses
-Formeriy Such Persons Had Little
Chance on Dismissal From the Asytum.

Until five months ago a person who was
discharged as cured from one of New
York's public hospitals for the insane
went back to his old life and environment
with all the chances against him. If he
had previously held a place of responsi-
bility hie former employers were chary of
again intrusting their interests to him;
if not he returned to the poverty and dis-
heartening conditions which usually were
the cause of his trouble in the first place
and which in a few months would be likely
to send him back to the hospital again.

Last April the State Charities Aid Asso-
ciation started an organized movement
for the after care of the insane, and already
it has accomplished widespread good.

“This is the first time that such a work
has been attempted in America,” said Miss
M. V. Clark, secretary of the after care
committee, “though all the progressive
countries of Europe have long had societies
or Government organizations devoted to
the after care of the ineane. The great need
of aid of this kind is shown by the fact that
in 1905 no less than 26.07 per cent. of the
original admissions to our thirteen State
hospitals for the insane were discharged
cured, and in the hospital on Ward's Island
alone there are 4,000 patients.

“Institutions are realizing more and more
that they do only half their work when
they care for their inmates while they are
within their walls. To effect a cure and
then send the patient or criminal back to
the conditions from which he came is in
the majority of cases to bring about a
reourrence of the crime or malady.”

Often the after care committee has found
it ia not material assistance that is needed
so much as getting the patient into the
right social conditions. This was the case
with a young girl who was discharged from
Ward's Ialand about six weeks ago.

She had suffered from an attack of what
is known as depressive psychosis. The
agent of the after care committee, calling
at the home to which she was to return,
found a flat which was dark and dreary.
Her mother, the sole support of the family,
was laid up with rheumatism and unable
to work; a little brother, not more than 4,
was already known as a terror in the neigh-
borhood, and besides being unmanageable
had a contagious eye disease.

Before the girl left the hospital the after
care committee had found a more cheerful
flat in the neighborhood and had assisted
the mother to move into it, had provided
medical attention which made it possible

for her to return to work and had placed

the little boy in a day nursery where, be-

_sides being kept from mischief, his eyes

were property treated.

The committee also bought the girl a
retty suit and hat in which to leave the
Rospital, and as she proved exceedingly
timid, with little ability to make friends, the
workers of a settlement in the neighborhood
were asked to take an interest in her, and
called soon after her arrival, inducing her
to join several of their clubs and classes.
Life has assumed a new and cheerful aspect
to this unfortunate, and the society will oon-
tinue its watchful interest until no relapse
into her former melancholy is to be feared;
re, without its timely assistance, there is
ittle doubt that the girl would have recurned
to the no within three months.

“Many of the women we meet with in this
work are those who have suffered from alco-
holic insanity.” said Miss Clark, “and who
come from the hospital with their craving
for liquor mastered. These, we have
found, have generally been employed in
hotels and other places where there has been
great temptation to drink. To return to
the old life would mean to soon fall into
former habite.

“Through a charitable agency which
makes a specialty of providing workers for
country homes,‘we have placed many of
these women in situations where the life
is simple and regular, and the cause of their
weakness not easily obtained. So far, we
have not had a single relapse into old ways
in any of them, which is encouraging, even
though our work is so young that the test
cannot be considered final.”

Often, too, the after care committee has
found that the drink or drug habit has been
formed because the patient had not had
sufficient nourishment of the proper kind in
the oid life. Placing her in a position where
she is able to have an abundance of good
food has so far proved sufficient to guard
against a relapse.

A large number of the cases which the after
care committee has been called upon to aid
are thoss * hose trouble has been exhaustive
psychosis—often considerately called nerv-
ous prostration where the patient belongs
to the upper social strata. Such was the
case of a poor Jewish tailor of the lower
East Side who, with a wife and six children
to support, could make only $5 a week.

Confinement in a close room, bad air
and insufficient food brought aboyt a mental
as well asa pram collapse, and it took

proper cars on Ward's Island

to restore him to health. In the meantime

‘the agent for the after care committee had

visited his home and brought the case
to the attention of a Jewish benevolent
society, which paid the rent of the rooms
and procured work for the
mother. This aid and the wife's in-
come still continue to help out, now that
the man has returned to the struggle for
existence.

Violent insanity resulting from a sudden
shock or grief is also often entirely cured.
One poor woman, as she slowly recuperated

 

 

® troll aug ome, © about her

only remaining iid, a little daughter,
eft behind.

sent word to the af-

iscovered

the little one livin ily with a Lon
Island _ hotel rae Rie’ wite who hal

The doctor in char;

ter care committee, w agent d

offered to take charge of her. They had
lost a little daughter of their own
were #0 anxious to keep this child instead

that the t was able to srrange that
they should take the mother to live with
them also, after her release from the hos-

pital, rather than lose the little girl.

The mother is now happy in a good home
while the child is being clothed and educa’
by the foster parents.

“Not only do we assist patients from
hospitals for the ineane, but, through the
cooperation of doctors who have clinics
for nervous diseases in various parte of the
city, we have been able in several instances
to prevent threatened cases of insanity,”
said Miss Clark, “and I am convinced that
when our work becomes better known
supported we will be able to accomplish
much along prophylactic lines.

“Three or four weeks of complete change
one Soe is often all that - =
restore a to a per norma!|
condition of mind and nerves if the case
is dealt with in time. The majority of
people, -bowever, instead of consulting a
physi: as soon as the first symptoms of
nervousness or insanity are noticeable in
their relatives, will keep them at home and
bear with their oddities until it is no lo

ible to live with them, and then the

— is the only resource.”

@ efficacy of a vacation in warding off
insanity was shown soon after the after
care work . A young girl was taken
by her aunt to a clinic for nervous diseases
which is held at a hospital far uptown.

The doctor in wm 1 that her
mother was dead that she acted as
housek for her father and several
younger brothers sisters. Du her
spare moments, instead of going, ot , she
sat in the house reading socialistic books,
and was growing not only nervous but
merees and discontented with her lot in

e.

It was a case hard to deal with, for the
fone, though reduced in circumstances,

regarded acce) any aid from a charitable
agency asa nareee. It took a deal
of tact and exp! away of difficulties

on the part of the a! care agent to in-
duce them to accept a vacation.

Finally she had the satisfaction of see-
ing the girl, accompanied by her aunt,
depart for a month of farm life in Con-
necticut. In the family where they were
sent to board were several daugh of
about the patient's age, who refused to
allow her to sit in the house reading, as
she was inclined to do, and insisted upon
her accompanying them on walks and
drives and camping and boating parties.

Long before it was time to go home
the hitherto morbid girl had become the
jolliest of them all. favorable an im-

ression did she make, in fact, that the
amily ged her to remain longer as their

t, and when the thought of her little
‘amily at home made her refuse this in-
vitation they gave her another to come
? a co and stay two months

t is almost im ible to recognize her
as the same girl since she has returned,
so happy and healthy minded has she
become. All her spare moments are spent
out of doors, in the parks when possible,
and every trace of her former ‘depression
and nervousness has disappeared.

Some of the preventive work has dealt
with patients who, discharged from hos-
pitals for the insane before the after care
committee was organized, already show
signe of a relapse. Most of the patients,

} especially those from the poorer classes,

become much attached to the hospital.

Often it ta to them their first
experience of comfort and considerate
treatment and they return at intervals to
visit the nurses the friends they have
made while there. It has been noticed,
too, that one of the symptoms of returning
insanity is when a patient comes more
and more frequently to revisit the place
where he or she found relief from former
gloom or hardship, and this makes it easy
or the doctors to keep in touch with many
of them and recommend them to the after
care committee in time to prevent a com-
plete relapse.

The hardest cases of all to help, how-
ever, are the people above the working
class who have held professional] positions.
It will be a long time, according to the
workers of the after care committee,
before the public at large will be educated
up to the point of regardi insanity as
a disease which when cur is as com-
pletely cured as is a case of typhoid or
“> al di ployi

© general prejudice to employing one
who is Lnown to have had a mental break-
down is well nigh insurmountable where
‘po of responsibility is concerned,
while a Jaboring man may easily find
employment after coming from a hospital

| for the insane it is almost impossible for
| a teacher or bookkeeper to do so.

One young man in whom the after care
committee was mach eurneee had held
an important position in a e banki
establishment and suffered a violent attact
of insanity from worrying over his respon-
sibilities. ‘This firm afterward refused. to
employ him in any capacity and he was
sensitive about applying elsewhere.

After much asion the after ‘ care

ent induced the manner of a silk house
where the young man had worked before
entering the banking firm to oer him a
small position and thus he was enabled
to at least start life over again.

 

Poaching by Motor Cycle.

From the Pall Mall Gagetie.
After all the motoring burglars run a risk.
They may come to grief, as a couple of poach-

| era did on Lord Lond®sborough's land the
| other day—men more ingenious than theim-

selves. e story was to
terday.

These poachers had a motor cycle with a
basket trailer. he latter had en ft
with a box to hold twenty hares and a trai
dog, the machine itself with guns conceal
among the works. Thus equipped in an upto
date way, they set out briskly for the happy
hunting ground and turned tne dog loose.
What they had provided for happened; they
were chased by keepers. But wagn they
reached the wretch motor it refus to
start, and of course it has been escheated like
any other poaching implement.

at Sleaford yes:

ri

 

a

 

  

rue PLUG HATS OF...
DEATH VALLEY.

 

Found by Atkalt Jim Hawkins in
the Panamints and Duly
Pronounced Fossils.

 

Voucano, Cal., Sept. 22.—This town, and
nearly all this end of the Mojave Desert,has
been thrown into a state of great excitement
by the discovery of several fossil plug hats
in the foothills of the Panamint Mountains
over on the eastern edge of the desert.
The discovery was made by Alkali Jim
Hawkins, a respected citizen and old pros-
pector of this region, who came into town
yesterday after a month’s prospecting along
the further reaches of Death Valley,
bringing with him the priceless geological
treasures.

Alkali Jim went right to the What Cheer
saloon upon his arrival in town and there
assembled several of the town's leading
citizens about him to listen to his story of
the finding of the fossil plug hate and to
view the specimens themselves.

“I want all of the decent people of this
town to witness the unpacking of my speci-
mens,” said Jim, “and I would like to have
Judge Pete Smith come down here to take
any depositions that may be necessary.”

Judge Smith drew out of the game of stud
that he was conducting over in the First
Chance, as did all of the other citizens
who were entertaining themselves there.
The presence of the Judge on the street
at the unusual] hour of 8 o'clock drew a large
crowd, and when Alkali Jim was ready to
unsling the pack off his burro every male
citizen in town, and several Indians, had
gathered in the What Cheer’s rear room.

Alkali Jim brought in a bulging gunny
sack and laid it on the table.

“I appoint the Judge to open that bag
and take out my fossils, eo that there will
be no suspicion of funny business,” said
Jim.

The Judge cut open the neck of the sack
and reached in. Everybody held his breath
as the Judge drew from the bottom of the
eack a bulky parcel, wrapped in one of
Alkali Jim's undershirta.

Then he brought fortht a second. and a
third bundle, eacls wrapped in some extra
piece of Jim's wardrobe. The Judge care-
fully unwrapped thé first of the bundles.

There was revealed to the breathless
crowd a grayish irregular chunk of stone
about as big asa horse pail. At first sight it
didn’t appear to be anything more than
an ordinary piece of gray quarta, but on
closer exarnination the outlines of a regula-
tion silk plug could be traced.

The hat was bell shaped, evidently of a
very old pattern, and the brim was wide
and curving. The interior of the hat was
filled solid with stone and there were irregu-
lar stone formations along one side of the
crown outside that somewhat destroyed
the original shape that the fossil should
have had.

The second piece of rock proved to be
more incomplete than the first. Only
part, of the brim and a little of the crown
were visible. The third specimen was also
a fragment, but very valuable in that it
showed the markings of the original beaver
skin along the crown.

Even the vent button in the centre of the
crown was faithfully reproduced in the
stone. The second and third stone plugs
seemed to have been fragments of some
prehistoric hate that had been severely
orushed.

After the assembled citizens had
the fossils for several minutes without a
word being spoken Judge Smith gpoke up.

“Mr. Hawkins,” said he, “before passing
upon these plugs as genuine fossils and
thereby registering a great discovery in
the world of science and a prodigy of nature
the citizens of Volcano would like to know
how you came to find these stone plug hats
— if you did find them.”

“Gents,” began Alkali Jim, “I have always
had a reputation for sobriety and truthful-
ness in these parte, and I rely on that to
bear out my statements and pretensions
as being the original discoverer of the onl
fossil plug hats in existence. It was th

way:

y was prospecting over in the Panamints
along the edge of th Valley, and one
night I made camp near the Watkins water
hole. That night my burro did something
unusual; he broke loose and strayed.

“Next morning I took up his trail and
followed him up a steep slope into a soumty
filled with jes and narrow cafions.
found the jack about noon.
shallow cave lying down and seeping.

“After I had got through kicking him
some | started to go out of the cave, when
I noticed that there was a rough shelf cut
into the rock along one side. I exai
this shelf, and there I found these three
stone plugs, ne ali in a row.

“I looked around the cave and saw no
other signs of humans. But on the front
of se care: Cat ete Shout afoot ban ana
picture of a plug ha’ ut a foo
cut into the rock about half an inch. It
had some funny marke over it which I took
to be lettering, but which looked more like
the trail of a busted fly across the window

pane.

“There were some other caves around
about and I went into these, but there was
nothing except some smashed preee of
crockery like you find in the old pueblos
down in Arizona opener. Here’s some of
the pieces,” concluded Alkali Jim, drawing
from his pocket some chips of red pottery
with faint Jines of brown running across
them at various angles.

The crowd examined the pieces of pottery

He was ina

 

=

 

Ofttimes we are in position to secure a big lot of
carpets and rugs of some other manufacturer at a
price that enables us to undersell the general market,
For instance, we're now offering an extensive line of

Savonnerie Axminster Carpets at $1.15 Yd.

This’ beautiful floor covering sells everywhere
at $1.50 to $1.65 the yard. We took advantage of
our opportunity to secure this handsome carpet at
a radical price concession simply to save you 35c.
to $0c. the yard. Come soon, while the variety of
patterns is complete. No remnants nor odd lots.

Royal Wilton Rugs—In

a choice variety of

eyewinning color combinations. The 9x12 ft.

size is a regular $37.50, value. This week.... $29.50

8 ft. 3in. x 10 ft. 6 in. This week......

...-: $27.50

Wilton Velvet Carpets—Are the kind you buy
both for beauty and durability. On these your
actual saving is 25c. the yard. This week.... 90c.

Dobson

14th St.

and

5th Av.

 

 

ectable ci , whioh shall meet
toe t at 9 o’olock in the poker room of
the Fimst Chance drinking emporium. And
in my capacity as Judge of th )
« int oF . enmaeaee = Simpson,

eeper of the e store, who, as
you know, deals in hats and may throw
some light on the subject; Tom Spinney,
the undertaker, who must have some know!l-
edge of fossils; and myself, as representing
the legal end of it ‘

“Ana,” concluded the Judge, “to prevent
any chance of phony business I will take
charge of these prehistoric relics pending
the meeting of the committee.”

Volcano has never had such excitement
as that which held the town in its grip
during the mesting of the committee in
the back room of the First Chance. Most
all the town was gathered in the bar taking
drinks off Jim Hawkins, who told the sto
of his wandering burro and the cave wi
the prehistoric shelf many ieee,

Some of the citizens believed that as
soon as the Smithsonian Institution heard
of the find it would send a delegate out
to Volcano to purchase the fossils from
Jim for a big price. Jim agreed with this
belief and bought around several times on
the strength of it. Others got into a heated
argument as to whether or not it was pos-
sible that Scotty of Death Valley had salted
the cave with the plugs, made out of Port-
land cement, with the idea of finding them
some time later and getting some more
free adverse.

Meanwhile discuasion in the back
room kept up and some heated controversy

at have occurred, for before the meeting
nished Tom Spinney, the undertaker, was
thrown out of the committee room on his
head, breaking several bottles behind the
bar where he landed. Shortly after this
incident the door of the room opened and
the rest of the committee filed out.

Judge Smith had a drink, then he stood
on the bar and read the findings of the
majority of the committee off a piece of
légal foolscap as follows:

Whereas the majority of this committee,
having faith In Alkali Jim Hawkins and
believing him no liar, has been called upon
to decide upon the probable source and
scientific significance of the three stone
plugs found by the aforesaid Alkali Jim
Hawkins; and

Whereas Tom Spinney, the undertaker
of this town, has been found to be a man
of no conscience and one ready to scoff at
the serious things of science, and hascon-
sequently been kicked off this committee;
and

Whereas we have been confronted with
the problem of three stone plugs and some
pieces of prehistoric chinaware, and think
we know everything that can be known on
the subject;

Therefore, We find that the three stone
plugs found by the aforesaid Alkali Jim
Hawkins in a cave in the Panamints were
the remains of an ancient Aztec civiliza-
tion—for the Aztecs may have inhabited
the Mojave before the Santa Fé trail was
opened, and there hasn't been any son of a
gun who has said that they didn’t;

Therefore (secondly), We believe that
what Alkali Jim found wasa prehistoric Az-
tec hat shop, or general store where they
sold hats, which was attested to by the sign
of the hat cut into the rock;

Therefore (thirdly), We have pieced the
chinaware together and find that it was
probably a prehistoric bill from the hat
store in question, since we trace a pictur®
of a plug hat on the chinaware;

Therefore (fourthly and finally), We be-
lieve that this remarkable discovery throws
much light on the science of ethnology

with interest. Then Judge Smith ke.

“Citizens of Volcano,” said he, oT think
we had best leave the discussion of the
origin and ible significance of these
marvellous fossil plug hats to a committee

 

LADIES IN WAITING.

Attending Upen Royalty Is Not Without
Its Drawbacks.

There are two qualifications without
which no woman need hope to become a
lady in waiting, writes one who has herself
attended upon royalty. The first is the
power to make herself agreeable at all
times, both to her employer and to the
royal household.

The second qualification, the possession
of strong legs, may appear an easy matter
at first sight, but, according to this confes-
sion in the Ladies’ Realm, when carried
into practice it is very trying. The woman
who has been accustomed to seat herseif
whenever she feels tired of standing is
apt to become nervous and strained when
she knows that she may not, except under
the p’ea of illness, seat herself for at least
a ceuple of hours to come. When royalty
braces her muscles subjects must not dream
of relaxing theirs.

Some women can stand; there are others
who cannot. Among the former is Queen
Alexandra. At the giving away of war
medals two years ago she was observed and
timed by an onlooker.

Without showing the faintest signs of
fatigue she stood, with practically no
change of position, for two hours and
twenty-five minutes. Though her Majesty
now site during a portion of the time a
court is being held the ladies in waiting
remain standing, and this function laste
at least two hours.

The writer once asked a lady of the bed-
chamber who was never robust how she
had managed the standing during the late
Queen’s drawing rooms. Queen Victoria
in her latter years always used a small
chair, which supported her, yet was practi.
cally invisible to those who passed before
her. The lady of the bedchamber's reply

was:

“Old and roomy slippers. I always kept
an old pair, two sizes too large, which id
duty after year, and were useless for

ene
anything else.”

hile on duty the lady in waiting has to
be always with her mistress eas the
latter desires to be alone, which is very
rare. Royalties are apt to feel dull when
left to the monotony of their own thoughts
and get accustamed to constant companion-

ship.

must not leave the precincts of the
palace, as at any moment she may be sum-
moned. Yet that summons may not come
for many hours—nay, many days, if the
court happens to be sojourning in the

corners is possibility of
no ty mapping out
her day and settling to her rn
tions, and no matter what the news may be
‘om ©, no matter how alarming or
saddening, she must never appear r
or unhappy in the royal presence. It is
treason to disturb the equanimity of queen
or_princess,
T are a variety of duties which fall
to the lot of the lady in wai . There are
many letters to be answ , sometimes
of # begging character, or sometimes ac-
cepting or rejecting appeais to open hvs-
= wards, lay foundation stones, to open
gaars and c ty fétes.
Sometimes the royal lady desires to offer
a visit to one of her subjects, or to accept
their invitation to honor them with her
prepenees in such cases the lady in waiting
to write to the intended hosteas, stating
any little desires for her comfort and hap-
pineas which her royal Highness is known to
Possess, the names of certain friends whom
she desires to meet, which are added to the

 

“No end of them,” was the answer. “Wa | wear lace cuffs on ee undergarments.

* have been described as teaching and prac-| f these had neen directly exposed to the
tising Mormon doctrines, probably because| weather they would quickly have become
ministers presiding over congregations are , dirty. 7 ~
called elders. We have been described as |, So they wore jacket sleeves over them to |
advocating celibacy for ministers and lay- /‘protect them. Then whenever they wished
men and of prescribing that marriages shall | } show their lace cuffs off to their friends
take place only among members of the | they nad merely to unbutton the sleeves
faith. It has been said that we live in com- | afd show the beautiful cuffs beneath.
munities and wear a peculiar uniform and

list < guests submitted for the royal ap-

roval.

Queen Victoria often disliked fires in
her bedroom and in warm weather had
blocks of ice placed in her apartments.
All such little personal fancies must be
stated by the lady in waiting to the hostess;
that life may, for the time being, be made
an le as possible to so honored 4

est.
Sometimes the lady in waiting haa to do
some shopping of too delicate a nature to

 

-" and entomology and the study of dead
nations, in that it proves that the human
plug hat was worn before Columbus dis-
covered America and before the men's
fashions came from London. And we
recommend that Alkali Jim Hawkins let
the Smithsonian Institution know about his
discovery and receive the plaudits of a
grateful nation, as well as whatever the
Smithsonian wants to pay for these priveless
prehistoric relics. |

HOT TIME ON THE JUNGLE COURSE.

incase asinine canned aanetnipearinn een Can
cs

What is the meason for the difference be-

keep the seventh day asthe Sabbath. None | twéen the ¢lothing of men and of women? be intrusted to one of lesser standing; some-
hi ee ; Z : Tom Spinney gave his minority report | times there i S .
of these things is true Te difference arose in the conflict be- onan . 4 the . with hie re po i= tere are private charities to be in

“What are the distinguishing features | tweeg the northern and the southern types
of the Christian Brethren faith?” he re- | at the tinje when the barbarians of the north
peated slowly. “Well, first ani foremost | conquered Rome. The Romans, men and
‘we believe in an experimental, not a per- | women, had worn the loose garment of
forming, religion. Performing the most , the eduthern type. The barbarians, on
rigofous and elaborate ceremonial or ritual | the other hand, wore the more utilitarian

ing a bungstarter. He said that he Then there is tl i
ught the prehistoric plug hats were | of thestall which her lighoven ‘ies ss
panes ane ae Coe m a , her intention to sell at, and the. remaining
u ‘| ave fter +, roness ty
since Dutch Bill Hofstetter got run out of | co» Gan ot ae ' A
town, which was several years ago. the profits safely transferred to the proper
quarter, She must also finish any articles

 

 

 

 

 

 

once a week or many times a week will not | garme#ity of the northern type. | A :
in our church code take the place of living, | ,, Now, the men of Rome were quick to see Pursued by Wolves in Indiana. of needlework which her mistress has be-
oo ta p © | no me <p Pep ay 4 p74 | From the Indianapolis Star. - and tired of. She must be able to play,
experiencing, practising the word of God, quick toon tit. The women, on the other Samuel Johnson, an Indianapolis man, not sing, and be competent to touch up
We take the Bible for our rule of faith and | hand, likexthe women of the present day, 83 years old, who was one of the most en- ~~ ng or drawing, poney half exe
practice. We obey its commands respect- | were too tonervative to take up these thusiastic old settlers at the reunion at White | “xfasg t,Soandoned by her employer.
ing Chrietian conduct literally. new fangled*notions, especially as they City last week, tells of an experience with weaeying ieee 7 oe oe
“Many persons are not aware that the | came from. }he hated, rude conquerors of wolves on Buck Creek that nearly ended | burners of the midni ht oil. They kee
Dunkers,, as they were originally called, | since that ce > iS caine Gaara disastrously for him. their attendants with*them till the early
F ‘ |» Bumber 125,000, scattered over Maryland, | the present a umasieie the benny of “I was out on a hunting trip about twelve | hours of the morning, either playing cards;
Ohio, Missourl, Nebraska, Kansas and, of | the south, omamental, bright, and at- mifur Tonasea. ero’ were thick wee . caus st jo must be Srhibtbed. =
, Course, Pennsylvania, and that they have | tractive, is nevertheless barbaric. all around that part of the country and few | Dress forma an im ortan’ art in the
sent several missionaries in the last few a , peo a neers Rying mo Bouse mate life of the lady in waiting. must be
years to India, France, Sweden and Den- e Burgiar's Seasons. place for wolves. 1 never thoug t much | Provided against all emergencies. Mourn-
mark. Every year some of our students| dae the oo Daily Mail. — | eee by ntl A i om = ee on by at
on : : Sapt. Spencer, senfor prison missioner of , Bes SS on momen uires & couple ©
leave here to travel and study in Palestine. | th¢ Church Army, tells a story of a certain without ae nga wolf or thinking ebout one. | court trains, which can be worn over dif-
The Church of the B 4 y 0 went o tri
MFO OF F rethren throughout the convict’s philosop wiew, of his existence. little rer than ‘usual, 7 Le ferent dresses. im waiting,
Li country has a supervisory control of eight | “Well, my man,” a Capt. Spencer, “what | Sark and as I got near home the air was cour | like their private sisters, borrow a court
: or nine colleges, where its missionaries | do you do when you &re out of prison?” nd if wolves ever are hungry they wou train from a friend. The writer once pos-
are educated. “Well,” said the convict, “i i fave been hungry that night. | hurri sessed a court train that passed through
: e convict, “in spring I does along trying to get in the house before night, | eight different in two years; it at-
“The Brooklyn mission is practically the | & bit of pea picking. 4 in the summer time g . —~ began to wonder if there were a3 tended nearly ev: drawin z "durin
gateway for all our departing missionaries; | 14908 Pit 9 fo eye -And i the autumn , : 3 8 that Deri ne cre cagard
therefore our new church |t i | “Oh!” id the captain, ° " ‘ sos ine oe ond aro The pay iss ’ rd
include eareed alee com ooo Bs after that?’ e captein, “what happens The race for the Chimpanzee cup | In’ hig immense skiddoodle car The leopard, dashing to the fore, petce of Black moving ware _. 5 purris to ae it ~ ome ee een.
che for a tow die price 0 cillian and y _, Well, now, mister,” teplied the convict, Is on; the beasts are off. The elephant is seen; Grins with a wild delight; pack enchaa tae house. 1 barred tae anar It isa aaie position, morally considered
ip for y r ing and also | “I may as well be honest,.and tell you that Along the dusty jungle course | He honk-honks with his trunk and saves The wild pig is his mascot and and kept clear out of sight, but on the out- | Still, after the glamor and gloss of court
on a we Leo aa Until then ED el time I dom a bit of pocket The throbbing motors cough. The cost of a machine. , He roots with all his might. ree eee ons the animals owling and | life has worn on the groan of slavery is
assistants c > ' 1 ve joceeded i
= & re “a - continue to enter The missioner furrewed hit brow in amaze- Some are elect rically run, Apparently he is going to do The hippo’s happy look reflects an hour or more, but I did not try 2 ouayes “o> by a of the chains. ‘
eee tai en gent, gins Meaty: esamtea lnovaain And some by alcohol; The Iuckless lion brow The confidence he feels them and { think they lost the scent of me, & morbicl tasve in the whote me
“To speak of our work bere briefly, let #* The con ans: laconteally, oe ar - erg gece d ; nyway, they. turned suddenly and ran off | *t—® which enthralls at first,
om Deion Wind and of he ly, “Why, bere 1 am ‘a bit of oskum pick- Hot air propels a number and | The lean giraffe, hit in the neck, We hope his ponderosity the roe and I never saw them after satiates but which in time comes to
i mag ann j moat ine. aie ea iol Some do not run at all. Is looking quite “run down,” Won overtax his wheels. time." , Set | be the most binding @ which can be forged.
, “* ie@P wh eyed ig ar jas r ° t , ¥ > re (2 wees. otlewig . ; >
A ; ’ 6 y “~
me eR (met