» ’ R ¥

 

  

     
 
 

_fHE SUN, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1906. ne SL — .
, GROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. | BROOKLYN ADVERTICRMEYT, =

RRP RPE PRADPLPEL EPP PPL PELL LPP LLL LLL

 

-

BROOKLYN AMUSEMENTS,

A RRA ARRAAPPREAEELARAE DE PPB PL LODO D

Re PO

All Napkins and

Cloths Hemmed
Free Monday.
Superb Values.

(ot to Give
Away the
“Cuticle”
— Soap.

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. | BROOKLYN ADVERTISGOMENTS. |

APRASPLSAAAAALSSAARAABARAL

RHODE ISLAND'S FIGHT IS ON. | !

 

         
    
    

  

 

 

Col. Goddard an Independent Candidate
on the Platform of Revise the Tariff
and Smash the Machine—Rhode Isl-
land's Old Political Regime Attacked.

Provipence, R.I., Sept. 22.—-At last, after
months of preliminary skirmishing, greas-
ing of wheels and nimble sidestepping, the
political campaign in Rhode Island, whose
nominal object is the election of a United
#iates Senator to succeed George Peabody
‘Wetmore, may be said fairly to be opened.

Senator Wetmore has crawled out of his
Newport shell and is extending the glad
hand, a process in which he is not by any
means an adept, at agricultural fairs,
shore dinners, clambakes, old soldier re-
unions, religious camp meetings, and at al)
of the many kinds of gatherings typical to
New England life, urban and suburban.
Col. Robert Hale Ives Goddard, nominated
at a primary convention, the first in the his-
tory of the State, as an independent candi-
date for the Senate, is returning from
Europe, whither he went after issuing hia
letter of acceptance, appointing his cam-

RN ack Te
i a ae ee f

ere eine Mia ld

So es * ae cea aay ty

 

6P. A.

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
    
  
   
 
    
   
      

BROOKLYN.

Sixty-nine Years Ago We Set the Money Saving Pace. Store Opens 6:30 A. M. Closes

  
    

a thn | ' e
Great Sale of C.J. Bonnet Black Silks,
20,000 Yards of Finest Silks in the World—Underpriced

Bonnet Black Silks are beyond competition in quality.

The famous centuries old house of C. J. Bonnet et Cie., of Lyons, Prance, make them on honor, and are
proud of the world famous quality of their spinning—generations ago they led as they lead to-day, except
that to-day they are even more in the lead.

Years ago this great firm of France formed an alliance with the great house of re making Abra-
ham and Straus their sole distributing agents hereabouts, and to-day this alliance is as unbreakable as their
Silks. To-morrow you can buy the best Silks in the world for less than usually charged for much lower and
inferior grades. Every yard absolutely guaranteed.

Cc. J, Bonnet Taffeta. c. J. Bonnet Mess@line Satin. |

   

 

 

PPPPLP PA PPP

 

c. J. Bonnet Peau de Sole.

  
 

= er See ~— e 19 inch, guaranteed.......... le err res 7$c a yard|20 inch ..........-.. 90c a yard
Samuel Pomeroy Colt; president of the 21 inch, guaranteed.......... re 89c a yard|22 inch ..........-. $1.15 a yard
ie ie sae ae ee ae After we had satisfied 27 inch, guaranteed......... SE EG TOD cc cscss ences $1.19 a yard | 22 inch.......... .. 51.38 a yard
arrived on the scene after his annual Euro- ourselves that this Soap 36 inch, guaranteed ........ $1.14] 22 inch............ $1.39 a yard/23 inch............ 51.68 a yard
pean trip. was made by the same soap Telephone 6100 Main. Local 168, Main floor, West manta

The contest in Rhode Island this year
nominally involves a Senatorship only, with
a three cornered fight in progress between
Mr. Wetmore, who holds the seat, Col. God-
dard, the candidate of the Democrata, and
their Republican allies, and Co}. Colt, the
alleged candidate of the organization of
which Gen. Charies R. Brayton is popularly
supposed to be the active and Senator
Nelson W. Aldrich the actual dominating

maker whose Cuticle Soap
we sell for 25c. a cake, we
contracted for 20,000 cakes
of this Cuticle Soap. We
have just been served with

:

 
  
    

The u

Every manufacturer of note is represented; the designs, colorings and variety of size are the largest and
most varied shown anywhere.
The Royal Wiltons. The Axminsters.

  
 
  
 
  
     
       
         
    

;
j
i
'
it

  
  

force. Beyond and beneath the aspirations i
iti SO SAD ois. 5: oxau 600s 05060000560 00s 6800 b00ssensenseneees 0 18x36 inches ..........++006 81.50
i the. eee eae nena ne fm it is stamped with the name Z1AS4 Inches ..cssesseeseessesassessussnnseese: $5.75 to m5.78 | 71x00 inches. 92.25

, ’ ’ 36 MOOS . crccccvcccccccccccvecccvevecccceecrvcsesseces 84.25 4x nches.. . .
political status, economic policy and public Cuticle we can’t sell it. If 90x63 inches... 0.0400: sia deasiohesseseearel 84.25 to $8.50 | 36x63 inches cates 87. 50
: Suen Goma tmaeea Ue the Royal Soap Co. of Cin- § | Il sci fecewen 000 USERB0 to Banoo | Barn toot CII Leis dnd 80.0
ough diminutive Commonwealth. The d 844 x10% feat.......0se000 BSBBO toB4SG HO | Oxd feot.......ccccccerccssdsocccseccrcvaverees $11.50 to $17.50
result may be to overthrow political oon- cinnati, which sold us this 9x12 feet 2ZV.BO to BHZHO | BK X10%5 feet... .crereereerereeeerees vere M1750 to 823.50
8 0 Me 9

ditions whic’. have endured in this State kn th h ord 9x15 feet EAE WBEZBO | Ox12 feet...........ccccecvevecseecesennessvovees $21.00 to 835.00
since the Revalution. Soap, knew that the w 104412 feet 40.50 to 5250 | 114% x14% feot.......sccceeee Sent ec edesaeeera add 40.50
EEO TER sissscasssa000 ‘865.00 to B9O.00 | 114x15 feet... ce ccc ceeeeeeeeeeee abs vai seieEL ,. 39.50

 

The formal letter of acceptance of Col.

i Goddard supplies the keynote of the cam-

paign. Col. Goddard should know whereof

he speaks, and presumably he does. He

/ is a lifelong Republican who has been

} honored with otheo by his party when

| controlled in the State by the very forces
' which he now assails as corrupt.

A large part of his great fortune has

Cuticle was copyrighted, we
didn’t. However, there is
nothing left to do but give
it away.

People are coming back

Room.

iental Rugs anywhere and in a manner

Visit the Magnificent Oriental Rug
We are showing one of the largest and best selected stocks of Or

that will be the delight of the Rug lover.
Telephone 6100 Main.

        
 

This is one of our millinery types which has won great praise during
the week. Of course, in a newspaper print none of the charm of color
and curve can be shown, but with hundreds of other distinctive types
it is here to be seen.

Third floor, Cast Building.

 

 

i i been made as a manufacturer of cotton é = - "
nd other produc iving th It is the distinction of taste and individuality which ks th to buy it every day, but we °
a RY of a Oustemtve tari an entire display. — ent dare not sell a cake. So on A Sale of Carolina Perfe tos. \

important business concerns dependent
upon the success of the conservative
popes of the Republican party. What
“ol. Goddard says of the political oondi- |
tions within the State is briefly this:
1. That there is nothing to be hoped
for from the Republican party, and its
ine control must be thrust aside be-
fore any good can be accomplished.
| 2. Under present political conditions a
} epecies of despotism exists, degrading to |
; all right minded citizens of the State,
| ; under which the selection of high officers,
and even the enactment of laws, are subject
to the dictation of one man holding no
Office from the people and in no way re-

] i
he ia to-day acti vely identified with mos
ia Here are a few

To-mortow’s showing will be especially brilliant.
of the spectals:

Ready-to-wear Hats for women in the small Toques, and large shapes
smartly trimmed with velvet, wings and breasts, at $1.89 to $8.98

Ready-to-wear Hats for misses and children, smartly trimmed with
pompons and quills, at.......-.+sssseeeseeeecese  696,, B5e., 98c.

Monday we will give a cake
of this Soap with every
25c. purchase and over in
our special sale of Toilet
Articles.

A Box of 25, $4.39.

 

   
      
                    
       
 

 
 

$1.00 Fall Cheviot Suitings, 49c. a Yard,

Note the width, 54 inches wide; examine the quality and inspect the patterns and colors. You will

appreciate the offering and realize the value. Regularly $1.00 per yard, now 49¢. a yard.

A 5&4 inch Costume Cheviot, the richt weight for Fall and Winter 54 Inch Plaided Onitinge & very desirable tartan and Scote

 

 

Main foor.

    

 

 

OP PPPPLP

 

 

of Making, Laying

 

sponsible to them. { | rr } ers od :
suits and skirts, A very attractive shade of marine blue; al Plaids. They are $1. ios regularly, now....... 65ec. a yar
3.. The people of Rhode Island have been e r Moat PAIL VAINGAL,.....00.-cccpernrsenscsorsrcereeos SOc.ayard | §4 Inch Wool Suitings in very stylish "mixtures and diagonal
St awy haa ihe ont ante eas te and Lining Carpets ©} ||} Bain cnovion sixties, simcity all wil, Hum, gray | weaves. “Regularly 8.0 per yard, now... Boe. «yard
O~ ® ea ruga@ie and navy mixtures; @ navy ue, regu
crush it and to bring liberty and the sacred g pe en 5500008040000050000050000098 009019 05080004 Bie. a yard Telephone 6100 Main. Main Goor, West Buliding.

   

right of self-government to their inherit- You have merely to choose your Carpets and we will hold them until wanted. Scores of house-

keepers have taken advantage of the offer. The offer ends on Saturday. "

 

to $20 Tailored Suits

150 of the most wonderful values of the season so far, and the values offered by Abraham and Straus this

Fall have become famous all over the State. oo

They are carefully made to fit as they should, as therein lies one of the charms of this season’s Suits—the
fabrics include Pan cloths, mixtures, Tweeds, etc.—Styles include hip lengths, Pony Coats, loose, semi-fitted and
tight fitting Coats, 5-8 and 44 lengths—all silk or satin lined—Skirts in newest plaited styles.

Broadcloth Suits at $19.75. Broadcloth Pony Suits at $24.75.

 

oe.

4. It is a base calumny to say that corrup-
tion is general among: the people of Rhode
Yeland, but the governing political machine
fs certainly corrupt.

§. The principle of protection to home
industries is sound and wise, but an imme-
t diate revision of the tariff schedules ia
a demanded in line with the recently enun-
ciated principles of the Massachusetts

reformers.

This ia generally regarded as a severe
indictment of the Republican party and ita

resent management. It is a direct chal-
enge from a man heretofore a Republican

   
   
 
   
      
    
 
 
 
   
    
     
 

We Want Competent Carpet Layers. Call om the Superintendent at Once.
$40 Bigelow’s Imperial Axminster Rugs, 9x12 ft. $26.98

° 4.6x7.6 feet, regularly $16.00, for.. .$ 11.98 |

a 7 Axminster Rugs aoe | 6x9 feet, regularly $24.00, for...» $18.98

27x54 inches, nee $2.50, a Si 08 are re oe =o
gularty $2. an ae | leet, regular .00, for. ..$34,

36x72 inches, regularly $3.50, for.. .$2,.98 | 10.6x14.6 feet, re

Best Grade Smyrna Rugs

18x36 inches, regularly $1.15, for... . .85c
26x54 inches, regularly $2.50, for... .$1.80

 

i to put to a test with the voters of the State 4x7 feet, re; ly $14.00, for.......$9,98 rly $60.00, for $47.98 30x60 inches, regularly $2.9:
: : ° gularly $2.95, for... .$2.10 : .
pod ve: — Auieich re cae enti eat st ‘te “eg ole S | 16x33 impo rted Soruk Rugs $1.25 36x72 inches, regularly $4.25, for... .$3.00 ee oe ” a eb Kg ER rf sateria), Se All that is new and beautiful in suit making is seen in these Pony
ational leaders of the Republican pa yee S0.for... $21.48 | aoe ee | fine Matting. hip length coat Suit that will be ultra fashionable | Suits, with their natty, hip length, loose fitted coate and section
The “one man” who holds no office but xl 2 feet, regularly $27.50, for... ..$21.48 28x56 inches, for. +..+++++.++++++++$3.98 | 4x7 feet, regularly $7.00, for........$5.50 this Fall; close fit button through and double breasted front; : :
7 yt Cones’ — ” =. Sheree Royal Wilton Rugs pty ty De ere ae “sass 6x9 feet, regularly $14.98, for....,.$11.00 a with triple and French shoulder seams. Skirts show groups plaited skirts—different widths of braids, trimming coat and
. Brayton, nd boss, who, w no . le oreee . f inverse plaiting—velvet collars and cuffs, Just such a gar-| skirt, match the materia] exactly—-so do the velvet collar and
i trel of the politi 00, for.. $2.48 | 5.9x8.3 feet, for... s+ +ss+ss++++-$16.98 | 7-6x10.6 feet, regularly $22.00, for..$18.00 o pe ; ,  besad> a
longer in actual contre] of the politics of 27x63 inches, regularly $3.00, for + tor $ 912 fect, smdadt $28.00,for. $22.50 ment as the exclusive tailor would make. Black and blue broad aie, Shin, and brown—e beautifully le Suit.

 

the State, holds the General Assembly 36x72 inches, regularly $4.75, for... .$3.98 | 6.7x9.10 feet, for. .o...+see+eeeee $21.98

Alex. Smith’s Beautiful Axminster Rugs, 9x12 Feet, Regularly $25.00 Value, for $18.98

Imported Cork Linoleum | Oil Cloth

,
|
|
; tin lined.
in the hollow of hig hand through hia con- cloth; coat satin lined
trol of the country members elected under
q P the antiquated Constitution which ves
the sparsely settled counry towns équal
)
.
,

At $4.75—-Separate Black Worsted Skirts.

Just 250 at this unusual price for such stylish Skirts in the new plaited effects—cut extra full and excel-

representation with the cities. lently made—an unmatchable value.

2,000 Rolls Matting, China and Japan

en Col. Goddard's letter appeared

 

 

 

a * | ° .
. 0 Oe Pee Se alee a 50c. quality, for this sale. . . .39 - — = eo _ ste eo Our own importation. These Mattings were } | Best Showing of Raincoats Anywhere.
) situation, and for three months It hee been 65c. quality, for this sale... .43c abe. ae. ‘ine ieaiie. ‘ ‘ 28c ‘carefully selected by us one year ago; just deliv- 3 | The day of the Raincoat is here and we anticipated it. Correct style is not only pa but requisite in
the basis of an appeal to the voters of the | § 75c- quality, for thissale....49¢| 55. quality, Sampson's No. 5, | ered. New patterns, new colorings. | the proper rain proofed garment, as they must often do service in sunshine as well asin rain. Nowhere in the

is standard and smash
, ; the machine. Whether t
2... mains to be seen.
Do the people of Rhode Island believe that

they are boss ridden vassals living under

a corrupt despotism, and do they desire

that the protective tariff under which so

many of them, including Col. Goddard, | -—

have grown rich, be revised by those who

city is such a collection as here nor such values.

At 12.08. Full Length Covert Raincoat, Oxford, tan and
olive, plain tailored, showing no trimming but trimly out
tailc seams; very full and charmingly simple, suita le to
protect a light dress.

i,
We. quality, for this sale. .. . 53c 39¢! $6 cry $9e., 23c., 25c., 33c., 35c. and 3%. a Yard.

Imported Scotch Inlaid Linoleum, Cofors Through tothe Back, Actual $1.25 Value for 75c, Yd. 3 |

POPP PPL OLD

State to rally to ans
y will do so re- At 617.50. “Priestley” Cravenettes, the sterling quality
rain proofing material, cut full length, waist fitted by @ series ||

of tucks, tab fronta, full sleeves, tan, Oxford, olive and blue. |

Women’s $29.75 Princess Dresses, $19.75.

 

 

 

PILPPPIEP

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IS NIN TT

have in their party platforms declared
rotection to be robbery? The answer
o these questions will be given in Novem-
ber, although even then it may be difficult
to discover or interpret the true meaning
and scope of the verdict. :

There may be a chance for a misunder-
standing on these points. Lincoln Steffens,
for instance, declares that not only the
Republican bosses, but the people of Rhode
Island themselves are corrupt. Col. God-
dard asserts that the indictment lies only
against the bosace and that tho people are
honest and struggling to be free.

However this may be, there is one uliar
fact about Rhode Island's citizenshi
which is indisputable. It is that in seve’
of the towns of the State there are grou
of citizens, natives, descendants of t
firat familics, who cannot read and write.

Their illiteracy actually exceeds that of
e class of the foreign immigrant popu-

tion.

Opinions differ about the opinions held
by this class of Rhode Island's citizens.
as to the restraint of corrupt boss rule and
about the sincerity of their desire to have
the tariff revised, but the towns in which
they dwell are not being neglected by the
campaign committee of the Lincoln party.

The three cornered contest has been
going on under the surface ever since the
early summer, when the combination of
hungry and thirsty Democrats, disap-

inted Republicans and high minded if

ractical Independents making up the
ratification committee were ushered into
the imposing stillness and elegance of
pages House, the city residence of Col,
Goddard, the interior of which was un-
familiar to all but ® few of them. The can-
vaes is now about to be formally opened
and the voters will soon be confronted by
candidates inatead of theories. The situa-
om of fhe candidates is interesting.

Mr.
the assumption that possession ia nine
of the law, upon the hope and belie? that
Gen. Brayton, who handed over the county
Assemblymen to him once before, will do
#0 again and upon the statement that while
it may be true that he has done nothing
very good during his two terms at Wash-
ingsoe he has done nothing very bad.

ol. Goddard relies upon the statement
of his letter of acceptance that the people
want to down the corrupt bosses, strangle
the qutceracy and effect tariff reform.

Col. Colt banking on his very keen
longing to go the Senate, hia wide business
connections throughou! the State, his per-
sonal popularity, which is very great, and
his general idea that if the Goddard theory
that the people are srragqiing, to he free of
bo wes and the protective tariff is unsound,

as possibly it is, he will be able to win over
the magbine Gen. Brayton and all to his

etmore depends for succeas ween
nts 7

retirin, cefully to private life.

One Secs usually supposed to be espe-
cially effective in political campaigns ¢ ol.
Goddard says he will not use. A few dollars
for the legitimate expenses of a literary
bureau, stump speakers, &c., but not one
for illegitimate use, is his declaration.

Neither Senator Wetmore nor Col. Colt
has aaid anything as yet about the amount
of money he is willing to ex d and, in-
deed, the latter has not often admitted

ublicly that he is a candidate. He is

ikely to maintain this attitude until after
the members of the General Assembly have
been el It is in the discussion of this
point that the attitude of Senator Aldrich

in. .
“rt te popularly believed, although too
much, possibly, {s taken for granted, that
the Republgan candidate who has the

active, personal support of Mr. Aldrich
will be elected. anxiety of Senator
Wetmore and Col. Colt as to the attitude
of Mr. Aldrich may, ‘therefore, be easily im-
agined. .
Senator Aldrich is, as usual, keepin his
own counsel. Always chary about telling
his plans to his lieutenants and the Toms
Dicks and Harrys of the political worlc
he is conspicuously silent now.

It is not difficult for those who have fol-
lowed Senator Aldrich’s campaigns for
many years to understand that in this
contest as in those of the past he is counting
first of ail upon electing a Republican
General Assembly. After that it will be
time enough for the party to nominate
a carididate. The popular supposition that
Mr. Aldrich is favorable to the candidacy
of Cot. Colt may be correct, but there is
noevidence in sight in support of it.

Much of the opposition to the return of
Mr. Wetmore arises from the general feel-
ing that.in the Senate he does as Senator
Aldrich tells him to, that he is in fact “Al-
drich’s rubber stamp,” but some of those
who are aaked to support another candidate

ed to ask Ww o the man is that if
elected would not be?

However this may be, it is a safe predic-

tion that thi ublicana of Rhode Island
aparty wi ave no candidate for Senator
until. after . After that the lines

will be drawf, and it may be possible to
discover before the meeting of the Genera]
Aasembly in ‘January whether Sepator
Aldrich favors Wetmore or Colt and whether
“Boas” Brayton ee when it is said
of him that he non-committal now, 80
that at the proper time he can turn his
country members over to one or the other
candidate according as he deems it most

advisable.
All political contests have their dark

horses, and the o nJprogress in Rhode
[. to the °
' “

Island is no rule; although

side, leaving Mr. Wetmore the privilege of

 

it must be said that the horses are very dark
indeed. They are Gov. Utter, an honest,
intelligent and personally popular man,
but timid, who is as much opposed to the
methods of the Republican machine as
Col. Goddard, and who knows how “Boss”
Brayton persuades the honest country
Assemblymen to pass the laws he wants.
Judge Le Baron Bradford Colt of the Sixth
United States Circuit Court, “Col. Pome-
roy’s” brother and close adviser, is
another suggestion; he is a man of high
character and attainment who would re-
flect credit upon the Senate. Then there
is Marsden J. Perry, “the man who owns
Providence.”

Each and all of these three men would be
oulte willing to accept the Senatorship if
Wetmore and Colt succeed in killing each
other off, but this contingency is too re-
mote for serious consideration as yet.

The Lincoln party is the first in the field
with active work and ite leaders are hope-
ful and enthusiastic. They believe that
the worm has turned at last, and that the
machine is to receive the rebuke which it
has been inviting for many years. They
are confident that the Democrate—who are
already split into factions—will all give

| loyal support to their Republican candi-

date and that enough independent Repub-
licans will direct the organization to turn
the acale in their favor.

The regular Republicans, those who are
for Wetmore, those who are for Colt and

those who care nothing about either, 7
| naturedly scoff at the assertions of the Lin-
| colnites and expresa the opinion that the

General Assembly will be solidly iblican
as usual and the regeneration of the State
postponed for a while longer.

The contest is a pretty one, as three cor-
nered fights between ambitious millionaires
always are, and undoub y will attract
wide attention beyond the borders of the
Sgate. If Col. Goddard wins it will be an
upheaval indeed, and one that will have
momentous consequences. If he loses
Rhode Island will be aa fittingly represented
in the Senate aa she is to-day and the work
of reforming the State will, presumably,
go on.

SNOW IN THE

Many Desert Peopie Saw It for the First
Timé in Their Lives Last February.
Snow fell in the Sahara, south of Algeria,
in February last. It was the culmination
of a period of severe weather, during which
the cold was excessive and courier service
was interrupted for many days.
Then, on February 5, came the first snow,

 

SAHARA.

and the inhabitants of the northern oases

~ SMOKY
FIREPLACES

MADE TO DRAW OR NO CHARGE.
_Keferences—Wm, W, Astor, Jos, MH. Choate
Whitelaw Reid, and many other prominent people,
JOHN WHITLE
“Chimney Expert.

215 Fulton St., Brooklyn, N. ¥, Telephone 1618 Main,
TAs Advertisement appears Sundays and Mondays

 
  

 

 

could not believe their eyes. Many of them
had never heard of snow before.

Snow fell at intervals in one or another
part of the Algerian Sahara for twelve
days, from February 5 to February 16. The
region that was snow covered luy between
82° and 28° north latitude and between 0°
and 6° east Longitude.

In shape it is nearly square and embraces
more than 60,000 square miles. In other
words, the snow mantle covering a part of
the Sahara was spread over a region a
little larger than the State of New York.

Some of the principal French poste in this
region are El Golea, Fort MacMahon, Tim-
mimun, Wargla and Laghuat, and the French
Government has received accounts of the
strange event from these and many other
places. At Fl Golea snow fell continuously
from 6 A. M. to 3 P. M, on February 6 and at
intervals throughout the following day.

The total depth was only about three
inches. In most regions the snowfall was
only two inches or less, and remained on
the ground only a few hours.

Inhabitants suffered severely during this
snowy period. They had never felt any-
thing so cold as this snow and the bolder
persons who picked up handfuls of it were
satisfied with one experiment.

In El Golea the oldest men said they had
never seen this phenomenon before. The
people were glad enough when it disap-
peared and were much surprised to find
that the verdure of their oases had scarcely
been impaired by the strange visitation.

Meteorologista are much interested in
this news from the Sahara. Other stranze
freaks of the weather have occurred there
in recent years, such as cloudbursts, delug-
ing considerable regions and turning the
dried up wadis into raging torrents,

  

Peau de Cygne Silk Princess Dresses, heavily trimmed with insertion of Valenciennes lace, colors are
cream, gray, pink, light blue, blue and black, sizes 34 to 40.
Second floor, Central Building.

And the Best Values in This City.

Our business with women in the Bronx and Jersey and Manhattan is evi in i '
values and beautiful assortment in Waists. y idence in itself of the superior

Women who travel that far to purchase in Brooklyn know that here is always to be found the finest collec-
tion of Waists at the most moderate prices possible to sell them. Our offerings for to-morrow are in keeping
with this reputation for value giving and style showing:

$5.00 Taffeta Silk Waists, $3.98.

Smart tailored model, with chemisette of fine tucking and trimming of black silk ornaments and French |
knots; tailored tucked back; new sleeves, finished with trimmed cuffs; separate stock with turnover of silk, em-
broidered in French knots; colors are brown, gun metal, green and navy. ,

$6.00 Taffeta Silk Waists, $4.98. $3.00 Waists at $1.98.

In black, also white; fancy model, elaborately trimmed with In Nun’s Veiling, Brilliantine and Panamas; all the new Fall

lace insertion and fine tucking; pin tucked back in yoke form; | colori , |
fancy collar of lace and silk, three-quarter length sleeves, fin- | in ine Pesaman ant Brilientna ae Ponies winery eee.

ished with fancy cuffs. self colors, full length sleeves, tailored stock.

$5.00 Brussels Net Waists, $2.98. $4.00 Black Taffeta Silk Waists, $2.98.

Silk lined, in white only; fancy yoke back and front of Japan- Butt ront >
ese embroidery; body of waist trimmed with lace insertion; elbow entire ‘Trout of voles bodied te en ae eS

i . : d pin
sleeves trimmed; collar of net and lace; buttoned in back, tucking; tucked back, new sleeves with tailored oir a
$5,00 Silk Lined Lace Waists, $2.98. fine tucking. ;
In cream color, also white; pointed yoke back and front of $3.00 Black Brilliantine Jumpers, $1.98.
fine insertion; body of waist of wide allover Oriental; elbow Tailored in side plaits, with trimmings of black silk braid

sleeves, with dainty cuffs; soft collar of lace. scroll design, trimmed epaulets, buttoned in bach

Persian, Oriental and Plain Silk Waists.

A complete showing and a beautiful assortment of colorings. The prices range from $8.98 to $15.09.

The Cotton Waists---Tailéred Models.

$3.00 Tailored Waists, $1.98. . Medium weight, corded madras, tailored fold down front, trimmed with
peer ee — inch plaits stitched to yoke, buttoned in front, plaited back, separate stock new sleeves
with tailored cuffs. ,

82.50 Satin Finished Brocade Madras Waists, #1.40.| 82.00 St @8c. Up-to-date, thorou
Tailored fold down front, buttoned in front, the entire front catigoeds panied feat Fore. 9 front long sleoves, ;
is of three-quarter inch tailored stitched plaite, tailored back, cuffs, separate stock "
ne rote stpes, ne aeoves and - P. ia 61.00 White Cott i Wes

$2.25 Cheviot Waists, $1.21. Tailored fo! own front e on Waists, 4Pe. Also blue fannelette
trimmed with large pearl buttons, buttoned in front, tucked with white polka dot. Well made, good fitting waists, al
front, separate stock, tucked back, long sleeves and tailor } new modeis.
stitched cuffs. Telephone 6100 Main, Second floor, rear, Central Bulldiog.

 

a “ . . - avr

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sa eee