BY CHANLES BATIBLL LOOMIS.

Lonpon, Sept. 14,—This letter is not to
be my idea of an English cathedral or
English customs but will consist of a few
sincere remarks on an English poem,

You see, the other day I was talking
with a member of one of those Browning
societies that will persist in reading mean-
ings into his poetry that he never intended
to put there.

In the course of our amicable conversa-
tion I said that Browning had no more
business than Byron had to write doggerel
and that he ought to have taken too keen
a pride in his craft to ruin what might have
been a fine handling of the “Pied Piper
of Hamelin” subject.

Of course he gasped and of course he
asked me to admire the clever rhymes,
and naturally I told him that the rhymes
were the ruination of it, that a clever writer
of burlesque verse like W. 8. Gilbert with
his irreproachable ear could have given
him valuable points, I asked him what
excuse there was for a man with any ear
making “Mile hence” rhyme with “silence”
or “sun shone” with “luncheon.”

Then he said it was only a child's story.

“So much the worse. One should be most
qreful of his rhymes when writing for
fpnocent children, who may have been
brought up on Whittier, that good but
earless poet.” ;

Many people take the “Pied Piper” to be
the entrance to Browning and they turn
around in the porch and depart from
his Work forever—depart from the man
who wrote “Caliban on Setebos,” “Childe
Harold to the Dark Tower Came,” and
*andrea del Sarto,” to say noghing of the
spirited and quite inimitable ballad of
*Hervé Riel.”

Even we who are not Browning students
remember “Hervé Riel” that used to be
recited at commencementa by the boy who
had not chosen “Henry of Navarre” or
"Lady Clare.”

On the sea and at the Hogue, sixteen hundted
ninety-two,

Did the English fight the French—-woe

to France!

And the thirty-first of May, helter skelter
through the blue,

Like a crowd of frightened porpoises a shoal
of sharks pursue,

Came crowding ship on ship to Saint-Malo

on the Rance,
With the English fleet in view.

Well begun, it so contin
one of the finest ballads

to the end,
the English

language.

It tells how the French fieet under Dam-
freville, pursued by the English, comes to
@ place like our own Hell Gate and is like
to be caught in a trap and blown up by the
enemies’ guns.

The local pilots come aboard and quickly
decide that it is quite impossible to guide
such unwieldly vessels through the rocky,
treacherous channel.

*In a strait” in every sense of the word,
Damfreville decides that it is better to run
the ships ashore and blow them up than al-
low them to become the prizes of the hated
English.

He is about to give the word when:

* * * upstood © © * outstepped * © *
instruck * © ©

* * * a simple Breton sailor pressed by
Tourville for the fleet,

A poor coasting pilot, he—Hervé Riel, the
Croisickese,

Hervé Riel offers in his simple French
(rendered into nobly simple English by
Browning, who must have enjoyed his
morning's work while he wrote at white
heat):

“Only let me lead the line,
Have the biggest ship to steer,
Get this Formidable clear,
Make the others follow mine,
And I lead therm, most and least, by a pas-
sage I know well,
Right to Solidor past Gréve,
And there lay them safe and sound;
And if one ship misbehave—

Keel so much as grate the ground—

Why, I’ve nothing but my life, here’s my
head!" cries Hervé Riel.
What he has promised be well performs:
Not a ship that misbehaves, not a keel that
Grates the ground,

Not a spar that comes to grief! *

The peril, see, is paat.

All are harbored to the last,

And just as Hervé Riel hollas “Anchor!*—
Sure as fate,

Up the English come—too late! :

Now is Hervé Riel’s golden hour. He {ts
_ the hero of the day and what he asks for
that can be have from his grateful oom-
Patriota.

What a shout, and all one word,

“Hervé Rie)!" ‘
As he stepped in front once more
Not a symptom of surprise

In the frank blue Breton eyes,
Just the same man as before.

Then Damfreville, emotional Frenchman
that he is, says finely:
"You have saved the King his ships,
You Mist name your own reward, *
Faith, our sun was near eclipse!
Demand whare er you will,
France remaina your debtor still.
Ack to heart's content and have!

Dame's not Damfreville.”

And what does the simple hearted Breton
Sailor do? He bursts out laughing through
his rough beard. He wante no reward for
doing what (later) England expected every

Or my

MAN to div--according to Nelson:
Rince ‘tis ack and have I may:
Bince the uthera go ashore—
Come! 4 good whole holiday!
Ye ta go and see my wife, whom I call
the Belle Aurore!"
at he asked

: and that he got—nothing more.

It's a splendid poem and well wipes out
the memory of “The Pied Piper of Hamelin,”
With its bastard rhymes, but almost every
one has wondered that Damfreville was so
literal, \ hy did he take the innocent
pilot at his word? Why did he not throw
Ib & pure? Browning himself received
hundred guineas for tne poem and he sent
hats penny of it to the relief of starving

ee (‘twas just after the siege of

ae Damfreville gave the pilot “a day

And who knows what happened when

light hearted, brave fellow came to

~ tard that gave entrance t» the one
he called “the 3elle Aurore”?

ty minded men do not always have

onnded wives. We all remember

Socrates and his wife, who, even as Lot's

ie: i

   

Sequel to a Famous Ballad

Browning Didn't Tell What Happened to Merve Ricl When He Met His Wile, the
Belle Aurore; but Charles Battell Loomis Docs,

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 923, 1906,—convriont, 1900, by ‘The Sun Printing ond Pubiiehing Ascootetion, :

     
 

wife has stood for all time as one of the
salte of the earth, stands for eternity as one

of the scolds of the earth.

At first the Belle Aurore was desperately
glad to see Hervé. She allowed him to fold
her in his arms and then she escaped, that
she might be enfolded again, and she kissed
him, French fashion, first on one cheek
and then on the other (how Biblical French
customs are!) though I'll wager that he,
being a sailor, kissed her square on the
mouth,

But soon she began to question him.

I wish I might put her questions in
spirited verse as that of Browning, but it
would take more time—and one or two
other factors—than I have this morning,
and, besides, people would be sure to be
prejudiced in his favor as against me.

First she questioned him for news from
the seat of war. Then she asked him how
it was that battle business was so slack
_ he could come all the way down to see

r.

Glowing with innocent pride, now that
he was telling of it, although hitherto it
had seemed the only thing for anyone to do
who had his knowledge of shoals and eddies
and tides, Hervé Riel tells his wife that he has
saved the French fleet. His eyes shine—they
moisten a bit; these French are an emotional
lot—and word for word he tells her what
the — Damfreville said. Actually the
Admiral of the whole fleet said to him,
plain Hervé Riel, coast pilot:

“You have saved the King his ships.
You must name your own reward.”

The Belle Aurore begins to breathe hard
at this. She glances around the miserable
cottage and thinks of the handsome villa
of my lady “la comtesse.” She can compass
all those fine airs herself, give her time.
And some money shall go to the poor. And
a candle seven feet tall will she give to Our
Lady. Ab, what a brave, lucky husband!
How she will queen it over those Videaus;
who give themselves such airs because their
father found buried treasure in the new
world.

“Quick; what did you choose, my dear
Hervé, title and money or only the money?”

He hesitates and she divines that he did
not choose a title.

“Perhaps it is better so,” says she, her
soft arms around his neck. *We are simple
folk. But show me the purse. And where
are we to live?”

Poor Hervé’s jaw drops. He had not
foreseen this. Why did he not wait to ask
her if she wanted anything besides glory?

He stammers. He attempts to laugh.
He fetches a huge sigh and begins to stroke
her head.

She receives an inkling of the truth from
all this.

Her arms drop from his neck and she
stands up to him, her eyes flashing.

“Do you mean to say, you Hervé Riel;
you pgpr good for nothing, ne'er do well
of a pilot, that you have asked for neither
title nor purse?”

He shrugs his shoulders and throws out
his hands.

“What could I think of better than the
sight of you, my dear, my Belle Aurore?
As I live all that I wished for was leave
for a good whole holiday with you.” ie
And then the storm burst!

MOOSE ANTLERS SCARCE.

Few Old Bolls Seen in the Maine Woods
Nowadays —Deer Far Back in the Woods.
Norcross, Me., Sept. 22.—The licensed
guides and owners of sporting camps in
the Maine woods believe the outlook for
a plentiful supply of big game when the open
season begins on October 1 is very good.
It is conceded that the number of deer
in the Maine woods has diminished under
the heavy shooting which has been prac-
tised for the last two years, though there
are still enough of them to furnish good
sport to the visitors and to supply all
hunters with their legal allowance of two
deer in the season. Owing to the great
slaughter of last year the deer are more
shy than ever before and have moved back
from the railroads and routes of travel so
the hunters will have to go further into
the woods and spend more time in secu
what they want.
Though the game commissioners have
spent $15,000 more than the average in
ring wardens to protect the game, and
though last winter was very mild and favore
able, there are few deer in the woods south
of Mount Katahdin. Farmers who have
complained about deer eating their oate
and other growing crops during close time
in former years have presented few billa
for the State to pay the past summer, which
indicates that the deer have moved on
beyond the areas of ploughed ground.
k in the woods, and at the waters
of remote streams, there are deer to be
had for the hunting.
In spite of rigid protection under heavy
a. moose are disappearing from
he woods of Maine. The big animals
should be out and roaming through the
hardwood timberlands as early as August
2, by —— time a flies have
isappeared, but w men prospec-
tors who have been cruising for more than
two weeks have not reported any as yet.

Every indication goes to show that the

antic old moose, which were abundant
n Maine ten’ years ago, and which were
sought diligently on account of their huge
antlers, have ceased to exist in the State.
Those which remain are of the younger
brood, three and four yearsof age, and while
they furnish sweet and tender steaks their
ant are and of no value.

For more than two years the hunters
and naturalists who have sought antlers
with a wide spread have abandoned
hunting, grounds of Maine and New Bruna-
wick and gone to Alaska.

There are hundreds, perhaps thousands,
of healthy young bull moose the banks
of All stream, though region
is so remote from car lines, and the journey
by canoe demands so much time that tew
ordinary hunters care to make the outlay.
The time when a New York hunter could
leave for Maine on Sunday night and re-
turn from Maine ,in a week bearing a moose
of his own shooting has gone by.

Except in remote woods partridgea are
scarce and shy, though they are reported
as plentiful as they were last year.
continue to surp and madden remote
armers by poming out and stealing pigs
from fenced enclosures, and slaying sheep
in tures and by stealing apples from
ore 8 close to dwelling houses.

Though the value of a bear's pelt has
doubled’ since the birth of the new gota,
Bruin still risks his coat and his life
with as much abandon as he did formerly.
No caribou or caribou tracks have been
geen in Maine for more than seYen years.
It may be that these animals will never
return unless they are introduced from

cia-
gone y oe Ee tus on cates
which the gran’
six years ago game foo to do any

a
as,

SSS SSS SSS

 

 

The

—

Particularly Interesting to Mail Order Patrons.
as detailed below, we now make FREE DELIVERIES of Merchandise—(by freight,

On paid
ouprese oF )—with the exception of
Ee TAGE, USE Sehr Deta Wine, PENA | $25—

bulky goods such as pianos, furniture, ete.

MASSACHUSETTS, RHODE ISLAND, NEW HAMP ESSEE, WISCONS

MARYLAND, VERMONT and the DISTRICT OF CO- 50— FREE to

A. . KANSAS
RASKA, OKLA

OUR FALL AND WINTER CATALOGUE—Just Off the Press— 540
Patrone residing beyond

| GAN, OHIO and VIRGINIA .

the limits of our regular wagon delivery

 

 

WOMEN’S AUTUMN OUTERWEAR

Suit, Gown and Coat Offerings, Explaining the Remarkable
Growth of These Departments and the
Need of Doubled Quarters.

Second Floor, ”

~™ E moved the Men’s Clothing, Custom Tailoring, Hat and Foot-
wear stocks from the second floor to the fifth floor, giving
the extra space to other second floor departments devoted
to Women’s, Misses’ and Children’s Apparel. The Cloak,
Suit and Wrap organization merited the lion’s share of the additional
space—and got it. ‘
Taking the following as typical of the values that organization
regularly provides the growth of business making necessary doubled
quarters is readily understood :— t

 

High Class Broadcloth Suits, $54.74,

“" In black, blue and brown broadcloth; three-quarter length fitted coats, lined
throughout with excellent quality taffeta; strapped seams, collars and cuffs trimmed
with velvet and fancy brald ; skirt a side pleated model.

Black or Blue Cloth Suits; jaunty hip coat models, tight
fitting; strictly tailored ;-skirts side pleated.

In black chiffon Panama; box and inverted triple side-
pleated models, finshed with pointed stripes,
s Full Pleated Model Skirts, made of black cheviots, black
Skirts at $6.94 Panamas and dark gray mixtures.

In black cheviot, 50 inches long; semi-fitting, double-
Coats at $15.74 Pr ited tront, coat collar of silk Sivet, with weil shaped
revers; sleeves and body lined with satin.

In good quality black broadcloth; full, loose model, 48
Coats at $19.74 ine lone. prettily trimmed with’ braid: collagiess neck,
with a dainty contrast of braid ; full pleated sleeves, with cuffs; satin lining.

In fine black broadcloth; 48 inches long, full, double-
Coats at $20.74 breasted front, inverted pleat black, Gees with
Hercules braid ; collarless neck trimmed with velvet and braid; satin lining.

In black broadcloth; double-breasted, semi-fitting; col-
Coats at $22.74 larless neck and sleeves, trimmed with velvet and braid;
s satin lining. |

Suits at $21.74
Skirts at $11.89

 

 

The Original September Sale Array of
China and Glass Values Is Unbroken.

The following statement, often appearing in our China and Glassware announcements, is worthy of
—

repetition just now when other China sales are waning:—

Our Stocks of China, Glassware and Bric-e-Brac on Display andVAccessible for
all the other de ent stores in

selling are larger than the combined stocks of partm

New York City.

It is peculiarly apropos, since other stores, in their sale announcements, encourage the belief that there
will be no real values given after their September sales are over; that sale stocks are dwindling and you must

make haste if you care to share them.
Our semi-annual sale has broken all records.

several weeks ago.
Even every bargain table—main floor and basement—has been hea

Basement and Main Floor.
any we have offered during the sale.

 

_~ /!

ee: FREE DELIVERY SERVICE

EIN RRR BABAR Se SPER EP
Bet ee et RAE
S1O— Gee tear? WotR MABE UIE | ER MLAS tomtom welt te Pesta

P. Mailed Free
service, WRITE FOR

 

al sale has broken all records. Despite that fact our resources have not been taxed even
slightly. In supporting the assertion we offer to-morrow the same spread of values with which the sale started

ped with VALUES as inviting as

 
 

 

7

fre eer.

 

Wax Attractions Are Their Low Prices.
, Biway at 6th Av. WS

 

 

  
   
   
  
    
 
  
 

Request to
~TO-DAY!

Scope of the Oriental Rug Sale
Indicated by One Remarkable Collection of
2,000 Fine Persian Shiraz Rugs,

In All Probability the Greatest Collection of Such Weaves Ever Shown.

Third Floor. ‘

For this third week of the Fall Openin
Sale the sale news is confined wholly to the Shiraz
weaves. They are exceptionally fine in textu
—peculiarly rich, soft, pliable and, withal, very
durable. ey are woven in the South of Persia
a section famous for a particularly fine grade o
wool. The sizes shown are widely varied—you are
certain to find any standard size you want and al-
most certain to find any odd size that you may
think is not to be had, excepting ina Rug woven~
— . ao

wo thousan them! Only by purchasin
such an enormous quantity and mooring con
direct are such low prices as these made possible:

$89.48 SELECTED SHIRAZ RUGS, sizes from

6x9 feet to 7x10 feet; rich, deep toned

and reds, blues and maroons, beautifully

898.48 blended; pile close and very fine; a num-
ber have medallion designs on ivo

grounds, with intricate Persian figures well defined.

AT 857.86 Choice of 250 fine PERSIAN SHIRAZ

RUGS, a trifle smaller than the 6x9

and foot size mentioned above, in colors
$68.74 and quality exactly the same.

Some of the Hard-to-Find Sizes:—

 

    
 

 

 

 

 
 
  
      
  
  
 

The coHection referred to is but a detail—an
important one, we confess—of the quarter-of-a-mil-
lion dollar stock of Oriental Rugs and Carpets
gathered by us this season,

In the size of this particular collection you
have one of the reasons why we sell Oriental Rugs
at such extraofdinarily low prices. With due
consideration for quality and value no quantity
of Rugs offered in the Oriental markets was con-
sidered too great for Macy's when our buyers last
visited the Orient, accompanied by our represent-

ative in the Far East. e unequalled collection
of Shiraz Rugs for example.

AT $12.48 PERSIAN SHIRAZ RUGS, average
size 344x5 feet; excellent colorings and designs.
Value $18.00.

AT $19.74 PERSIAN SHIRAZ RUGS, average

size 4x7 feet, quantity limited. Similar Rugs are
oftered elsewhere at $30.00 and $35.00. :

AT. $24.74 SELECTED SHIRAZ RUGS, superb
colorings and designs, average size 4x644 Teet,
quagtity—one hundred.

5.11x42.2 size. ........ $57.86 | 6.10x12.9 size. ........ $158.00 | 8.2x15.4size......... $255.00
3.10x21.9 size........... $62.48 6.11x15.5 size $174 00 7.6x13.1 size........ $175.00
6.1x12-.0 size.. ........ . $84.74 : 6 si ees 219.60 10.0x16.3 size........ $325.00
6.10x10.11 size........ $98.48 | 7-5x16.6 size.......... $219.50 | 19 793 Scize.. $775.00
CIRIED GD o 6.600060: $112.00 | 8.1x14.2 size. ......... $198.00 | 12.6x24.0size......... $1,125.00

 

 

Domestic Carpets Underprice .

TAPESTRY BRUSSELS CARPETS, Hartford 10-wire and Smith's best; designs
and colorings suitable for all rooms, halls and stairs; reguiar price 94c. a yard,
special... ... 89c

WOOL VELVET CARPETS, best quality, from the Smith and Hartford mills;
hall and stair effects, also rug designs with borders to match. (Not printed de-
signs.) Regular price $1.09 a yard,special..,........... Perret rrr 98e

WILTON VELVET CARPETS, extra quality, hall and stair effects; 27, 36
and $4 inch; stair carpets to match, 34 width; regularly $1.44 a yard, special . 81.34

SMITH’S AXMINSTER CARPETS, with borders to match; most popular
for parlors and chambers; regular price 98c. a yard, special............0+00+- 9¢

BEST QUALITY AXMINSTER CARPET, rich two-tone and floral effects,,
with and without borders to match; regularly $1.59 a yard, special.......... $1.24

BODY BRUSSELS CARPETS, best 5-frame quality, in two-tone Oriental
and floral effects; 75 different designs and colorings; regularly $1.44 a yard, spe-
cial... 6

 
    
    
    
     

erereeeeee Cee eer eres eeeee Oe Re ree eenee CORO eee ween eeeee

00 09esepnenedescewensiedessoegeonscceesetlh

CARPETS IN SOLID COLORINGS.
PLAIN CORD WEAVES, 36 inches PLAIN WOOL VELVETS, ad,

   

 

 

 

WE, 6 WE, 6s ivcvucdencenss 44c uy
shasts ; AIN ALL-WOOL INGRAIN, PLAIN EXTRA VELVET CAR-
Exhibition of High Class gg “ eperbertrreeee Be | PETS eyardes ver 8100
graving. ° * PLAIN TAPESTRY CARPET, @ PLAIN IMPORTED AXMINSTER
First Floor, rear. Novelty Silks from Abroad. yard. OOO eee ereeeeeesseeseene ¢€ a yard. © © eeeecerersoeorgres . 4
Wedding Invitations; Wed- > waset Flees, -

ding Announcements, At-Home,
Church, Visiting and Business
Cards, Monograms, Crests and
Coats-of-Arms—correct in form
and execution—-moderate in
price. Estimates submitted up-
on request.

PLATE AND FIFTY FINE QUAL-
ITY CARDS, script type, 49¢.; in
-> in shaded

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

block or Roman type,
Old English, $1.49.

ONE HUNDRED CARDS, from
customer's own plate, at 68c.

of the weaves in this display.

High Class Card Ep-

 

Stationery and
Desk Supplies:

First Floor, rear.

HURD’'S HIGH GRADE FABRIC
PAPER, two-quire boxes, 24c.; one- | ;°

Lace centres.

HE choicest novelties the French Siik-makers produce are
represented broadly. Prominent are Printed and Plain

Pekin Voiles, Plain Voiles, Printed Bordered Radiums and
Printed Marquisettes; complete assortments of, new Plain
Silks, including Soft Satin-finished Fabrics, Messalines and Crepe de
Chines, as well as the newest PrintedgWarp Effects and Plaids.

That many of the finest model Gowns brought to America this
season are fashioned of similar Novelty Silks indicates the character

 

Late Importations of Irish Laces.

First Pioor.
All our own importation; collected a few months ago in Ireland’s
The final shipment, just in, completes the collection.
Included are excellent assortments of
Irish Crochet, Carrickmacross Applique
and Carrickmacross Guipure Laces

e
Macy Grocery Specials
Fitta Ficor. -

Figs—NEW CROP 1906 FIGS, large, bright, luscious; per Ib.. .esmeccerce 150

BACON—OUR “RED STAR” BRAND BACON, weights 3 to 5 Ibs.; regularly
i7c. per Ib.; for this sale, @ POUNd.....ccccrccccccccccvcccsceccccsecvoes 14K%KE

ARMOUR'’S HELMET BRAND SMOKED BEEP TONGUES; selected, all
large, perfect Ox Tongues, closely trimmed; weigh 5 to 6 Ibs.; our price, this sale,
POP ID. 000 vecccccccves oovceves oe ececcccccccsces sees sccococcocccccce  AOMG
Bern ee a Naan
Tock: Se. each; dozen, 92Ze. ,

Nice Little Folks, Ginger Nuts and Petit Beurre, 10¢. each; dozen, $1.14.

Sultana and Rich Tea, 12¢. each; dozen, $1.3
Alberts, Marie, Monarch and Wheatmeal, 14¢. each; dozen, $1.57.

“GENESTA” BRAND, old government blend; rich, fra t and

Coffee full-bodied; whole beans, granulated or pulverized; veguleriy 24e.;
Ib. carton, special, 19¢.; 5-Ib. carton, beans only, 92e.; 25-1b. sack, beans... $4.34
“SULTANA” BRAND—Choicest selection of South American Coffee; same
quality sells elsewhere for 20c. Ib.; our price......seesse.+

oo tom, = $-lb. carton, special, J4e.; 25-lb. bag, special $3
MARCUS WARD'S PATRICIAN 7 - . le , , “7 '° . OCHO e
LINEN, one-quire boxes, 17c. as well as a very ee line - >» much pared Narrow Crochet | | MAYFLOWER CHOP—Mixed and Formosa Oolong: sold only in

MARCUS WARD'S ROYAL IRISH Edgings, Insertions and Separate Medallions. eas 2-1b. packages; regular price 64c. a package; for this sale........ 49¢
LINEN, one-quire boxes, regularly : li ; s
: ing t— MACY'S FINEST QUALITY IM- CHOCOLATE—Macy’s Chocolate,
33c.; special, ae . cosu . For Special Se ng PORTED TEAS—Formosa Oolong, made in our own Candy Factory—a
. MA Bcus ike CO PER os uae Real Irish Crochet Edgings and Insertions,a yard. . 21c. to $35.36 English Breakfast, Mixed, Young Lg arentes # gibeot ute purity; Triple
' - f . on, Uncolo apan, Gunpowder, anilla an remium; regularly 17c.
boxes, I7c. Irish Crochet Medallions, each.................. . Beto $1.48 tees regular price $9c. for 1 Ib. | for 4$1b. cake; special P< ag
FINE GRADE VELLUM PAPER, ard, caddy; this sale, }41b., 44e.;1 Ib. 84e | de. cake; dozen cakes........ $1.57

60 sheets and envelopes, blue or white,

  

 

 

Carrickmacross Lace Edgings and Insertions,a

 

 

2.68 to $6.68

SE

THREE FLOUR SPECIALS,

19c.
oe MATHER WRITING CASES, Lily White Brand. " Pillsbury’s Best. Bridal Veil.
LEATHER DESK PADS, padded 2434lb. bag... ... S5e| Barrel... ...,.... $5.18) Barrel... ........ SS.84
back, 9lc. to $2.24. " Black and Colored Dress Goods M% barrel... ...... 92.58) 44 barrel... veoe B24) \% barrel... ...... $3.07
JEATHER ToL prnone REGIS- First Floor, DO: «0-0 vevers O4.58)| 24}<1b. bag... .. Bho) 244¢1b. bag... .. F4e
TERS, 4fc. to $1.96. HE assortment of Fall and Winter fabrics gathered here is, ‘
HASTY LINE PADS, 9I¢c. to $1.49, beyond question, UNSURPASSED. Apert from the many | | ,, cae hey a" ee eee —
FOUNTAIN PENS, $1.19 to $2.06; Attractive novelties dis layed, the showing of Broadcloths , . , . f COOPER OEE OTHE EEE Owe eee
sare, gold-trimmed, 7c. to $2.41. is most noteworthy. Embraced are the staple lines and PETTIJOHN’S BREAKPAST FOOD, the celebrated cereal; our price for this
colorings, as well as fancy effects in great variety. For tailor-made | | sale, 100. package; dozen................-.seeeeees pereevessvesceeers $4.14

 

Instead of $5.00.

Second Floor. .
Sailor and Russian Blouse
Suits, made’ of pure worsted
serge, in navy, royal, red and
brown; double-breasted, finished
with two rows of gilt or bone

buttons.

For boys of 2'4 to 12 years.

most.

Boys’ Suits at $3.96
and $1.24 a yard.

 

costumes we show extensive assortments of Suitings in black, plain
colors, plaids, checks and novelty mixtures.

Of the very recent arrivals the Silk-and-Wool Eoliennes are fore-
They are shown in plain colors, checks and stripe effects in a
splendid range of shades for street and evening wear.

Two Exceptional Valuess
BLACK CHEVIOT, 44 inches wide, strictly all wool, superior quality, a yard,

DOUBLE-WIDTH ALBATROSS, all wool; in light, medium and dark shades,
including efeam ond Bleck.......ccsscccscccccreveccccognccccesesesees 29¢

 

Best White Granulated Finest Carolina Whole
Hominy, 5-1b. cotton bags;| Head Rice; the best qual-
elsewhere, 18c.; our Bie ity grown; 2-lb. cartons,

; 10-lb. bags, :
Fee in bap. ‘ re, 5Se| 17e.; S-1b. cotton bags,

Best White Granulated | 4lle.; 10-1b. cotton bags,
Farina, 1-Ib. cartons, Ge.;| 7De.; $0-lb. bags. $3.74

CANNED FISH—A spe-
cial importation of this
season's catch, direct from
the world-famous house of
John. Moir & Sons, Aber-
deep, Scotland :—

Ki ~ Herring, plain
or wit

 

Prices, 99¢.

LS
ee

dozen, 67¢.; 5-Ib. cotton {h tomato seuee; per |
err : .|can, 14¢.; per dozen cans
Selt Macherst, Sb, bit,| oe ee $1.57 |
49e 58e.; 10-ib. kit, 81.14; S-lb. bags, 2H¢.; 10-Ib. Yarmouth Bloaters, per |
10-lb. kit bloater mess, | bags, SGe.; 50-1b. bags, ican, 1Ge.; dozen cans, |
$2. $2. $1.81 |

ean lB eet