SOME NEW BOOKS.
A History of Free Thought,

 

to the influence of British rationalism on
British literature as it is depicted in the
two volumes of Mr. Haldane’s interesting
book. The rationalism with which Mr.
Haldane dealt was mainly that of the nine-
teenth century. The work to which we
would now invite attention may almost,
be said to stop where Mr. Haldane began,
for the record of speculative philosophy
in the nineteenth century is outlined with
relative brevity in the two volumes collect-
ively entitled A Short History of Free
Thought, Ancient and Modern, by Jomn M.
Rosertson (Putnams). It is the second
edition, revised, corrected and materially
enlarged, of Mr. Robertson's disquisition
that we have before us. The first edition,
originally planned as a mere sketch, re-
producing a course of lectures, was open to
60 much criticism on the score of omissions
that the author, on retrospect, determined
to rewrite the work before reissuing it.
That it is still an inadequate survey of a
vast field he is himself the first to admit.
The scheme, even when limited as far as
may be by a tolerably strict definition, in-
volves some approach to a conspectus
of the history of human progress on the
side of the intellectual life, and the im-
mensity of the undertaking may be inferred
from the fact that the late Lord Acton, @
prodigy of eruditiony who spent many
years of his life in gathering materials for
@ “History of Liberty,” which would practi-
cally have included a history of free thought,
died without beginning to compile it. With
that discouraging t in mind our
author was led to deem it better to put forth
even a slight record of @ connected kind,
written from @ sociological standpoint,
than to wait for the advent of one who

and more untrammelled sympathies
productive industry of the hardly less
learned Mr, Lea of Philadelphia. After
all, a concise history; which, rightly con-
ceived, is a different thing from the epito-
mes denounced by Bacon; has advantages of
its own, and Mr, Robertson has striven to
guard somewhat against the obvious dis-
advantages by a habitual citation
(in foot notes’) of authorities and by the
frequent brief discussion; in paragraphs
printed in smaller type—which can be
skipped by the unleisured reader—of dis-
puted and theoretical matter.
Limited in space as he was by bis design,
the author necessarily has found it difficult
to set up a definite standard of inclusion
and exclusion. He says in @ preface that
ji back he is conscious of some anoma-
Yies. It would have been on somecounts,
for instance; not inappropriate to name
@ practical free thinker Leonardo da
inci, who struck out new paths in so many
Hines of science. Yet on the other hand
“one might be accused of straining the
evidence in claimjng as a free thinker a
man not known to have avowed any objeo-
tion to the teaching of the Church. Ditffi-
culties arise also in the case of such a writer
as Cardan, who figured for orthodox
apologists as a free thinker but who to
us seems to make more for credulity than
for rational doubt, and in the case of such
ajwriter as the pro-ecclesiastica] Campanella;
who, while writing against atheism, and
figuring only in politics as a disturber,;
reasons on various issues in a rationalistio
sense.” Mr. Robertson, on bis part, does
but press the difficulty of drawing the line
and cheerfully admits that his own work
offers ground for criticism on the score
of being at once too exclusive and too
comprehensive. Such strictures can hardly
be avoided. We are reminded that
Paulus, a professed rationalist; fought
for the Pauline authorship of the Epistle
to the Hebrews in the very year in which
Tholuck, a reconverted Evangelical, gave
up the Pauline authorship as hopeless;
that when Schleiermacher, a believer
in inspiration, denied the authenticity
of the Epistle to Timothy the rationalist
Wegscheider opposed him and that Eich-
horn, a species of rationalist, maintained
the Mosaic authorship of the Pentateuch
long after the supernaturalist Vater had
disproved it. Analogous anomalies are
poted in the book before us, but the author
does not pretend that all, even of the promi-
nent cases of incidental free thinking on
the part of the nominally orthodox, are
recorded; neither does he profess to be
able to detect all the cases of undue con-
gervatism among self-styled free thinkers.
The utmost that he has tried to do is to
note the general movement,

kL.

What is meant by the term “free thought”?
It is pointed out in an introduction that the
words “free thinking” and “free thinker”
firet appear in English literature about the
end of the seventeenth century. ‘hey seem
to have originated there and then, as we
do not find them earlier in French or in
Italian, the only other modern literatures
wherein the phenomena for which the words
stand had previously risen. The title of
“atheist,” indeed, had been from time im-
memorial applied to every shade of serious
heresy by the orthodox, as when the early
Christians were so described by the image
adoring polytheists around them; so, too, in
Latin Christendom with the term infidelis,
the apistos of the New Testament, which,
primarily applied to Jews and pagans,
wae easily extensible, as in the writings of
Augustine, to all who challenged articles
of ordinary Christian belief, all the infidels
or “faithless” alike being regarded as con-
signed to perdition. The label of “deist,”
presumably self-applied by the bearers,
began to come into use in French about
the middle of the sixteenth century; and
that of “naturalist,” aleo presumably chosen
by those who bore it, grew into currency
about the same time. Apart from these
terms, those commonly used in French in
the seventeenth century were esprit fort
and libertin, the latter being used in the
gense of a religious doubter by Corneille,
Moliére and Bayle. Thus Mme. de Sévigné,
writing to her daughter, says: “Je suis
libertine plus que vous.” By Englishmen
as late as Elizabeth’s reign the term
“infidel” was commonly used as if it sig-
nified only a Jew or a heathen or a Mo-
hammedan; it is used exclusively in that
sense by the pre-Shakespearian poets and
dramatists and by Shakespeare himself,
as wet as by Milton in his verse. In prose,
on the other hand, Milton uses the term
in the modern sense. It was at times used
in prose even by early Elizabethans.

Of course, in England, as in the rest of
Europe, the phenomenon of free thought
had existed in specific forms long before it
could express iteelf in propagandist writ-
huge or find any generic name save that of
atheism or infidelity. In 1670, however,
Spinoza devoted a famous tract to the
advocacy of libertas philosophandi (freedom
of philosophizing) and such a work neces-
sarily had a general European influence.
In Mr. Robertson's opinion it wae probably
in consequence of such express assertions
of the need and value of freedom in the
mental life that the name free thinker
came into English use in the last quarter of
the seventeenth century. Im the meantime
the word rationalist, which in English
tended latterly to become the prevailing
name for a free thinker, had made ite ap-
pearanct without seouring much currency.

 

esti ete adel asnalandbdtds Alias . ada atleded aed meee

  
 

   
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
  
  
     

is Wiha) ieee Ts og ER oe

We meet with it, for example, in a London
newspaper as early as 1646 and in 1661 the

 

 

 

 

 

 

had heard of the substitytion of Christianity
for the native religion by Pomare in Tahiti.

name rationalista is applied to « Socinian | Rihoriho simply wanted to save bis wives

or deist. Between 1680 and 1715 the term
rationalist is used to label rationalizing
Christians, but as a name for opponents of
orthodox religion it was for the time super-
seded in English by free thinker. The first
certain instance thus far noted of the use
of the term free thinker is in a letter of
Molyneux to Locke dated in 1607 wherein
Toland isapoken of asa “candid free thinker.”
It wae not till 1718, however, that Anthony
Collins’s “Riacourse of Free Thinking” gave
the word a wide notoriety and brought it

into established oy with the normal
significance of , Collins having re-
pudiated atheism entirely.

There seems, then, to be no doubt that at
this time of day the term “free thought”
must be acknowledged to possess pre
soriptive standing, as having no more draw-
backs than have most other names for
schools of thought or attitudes of mind, and
as having been admitted into most Euro-
pean languages. The question begging
element in {t is not greater than it is in many
other terms of similar intention, such as
“rationalism,” and it inours no such charge
of absurdity as lies against the invidious
religious term “infidelity.” For practical
purposes our author would define “free
thought” as a conscious reaction against
some phase or phages of conventional or
traditional doctrine in‘ religion—on the one
hand a claim to think freely in the sense,
not of disregard for logic, but of special
loyalty to it, on problems to which the past
course of things has given a great intelleo-
tual and practical importance; on the other
hand, the actual practice of such thinking.
Mr. Robertson holds that this sense of the
te:m, which is substantially agreed on, will
on one or another side sufficiently cover
those phenomena of early or rudimentary
free thinking which were the guides of
simple concrete opposition to given doo-
trines or systems, whether by way of special
demur or of the obtrusion of a new cult
or doctrine.

wu.

Ine chapter on “Primitive Free Thought”
attention is directed to the enormous hin-
dranoce offered to critical thinking in the
primary stages of oulture by the mere force
of habit. According to Tylor, a leading
anthropologist, “the savage by no means
goes through life with the intention of
gathering more knowledge and framing
better laws than his fathers. On the con-
trary, his tendency is to consider his an-
cestors as having down to him the
perfection of wisdom, in which it would be
impiety to make the least alteration. Hence
among the lower races there is obstinate
resistance to the most desirable reforms,
and progress can only force its way with
a slowness and difficulty which we of this
century can hardly imagine.” In the long
stage of lower savagery, then, the only
approach to free thinking that would seri-
ously affect general belief would presum-
ably be exhibited by the very credulity
which gave foothold to religious beliefs
to begin with. That is to say, without any-
thing in the nature of general criticism of
stories or doctiines, one of them might to
some extent supe.aede another, in virtue
of the relative gift of persuasion or personal
weight of the propounders. Up toa certain
point, persons with a turn for myth or
ritual making would compete, ana might
even call in question each other's honesty,
as well as each other's inspiration.

It is true that since the rise of scientific
hierology there. has been a disposition
among students to take for granted the good
faith of early religion makers and to dismiss
entirely that assumption of fraud which was
so long made by Christian writers concern-
ing the greater part of every non-Christian
system. Mr. Robertson, for his part, how-
ever, while conceding that some of the early
deists and others have probably exag-
gerated the amount of deliberate deceit
involved in the formation of religious
systems, is inclined, nevertheless, to be-
lieve that “priestcraft” is a demonstrable
factor in the process. Anthropological
evidence suggests that while religion
clearly begins in primordial fear and fancy,
wilful fraud must to some extent have
enterad into all religious systems alike,
even in the period of primeval credulity,
were it only because the credulity was so
great.

We are reminded that Thirlwall, one of
the most judicial and sympathetic of the
Christian scholars who have written the
history of Greece, treats as unquestionable
the view that alike in pagan and Christian
cults “priestcraft” has been “fertile in
profitable devices, in the invention of leg-
ends, the fabrication of relics and other
modes of imposture,” and that Tiele, the
leading hierologist of the last generation,
pronounces decisively as to an element of
intentional deceit in the Koran making of
Mohammed—a judgment which, if upheld,
can hardly, in our author's opinion, fail
to be extended to some portions of all other
sacred books. “However that may be,
we have positive evidence that wilful fraud
enters at times into the doctrines of con-
temporary savages, and if we can point to
deliberate imposture alike ‘n the charm
mongering -of contemporary negroes and
in the sacred bookmaking of the higher
historical. ‘systems, it seems reasonable
to surmise that conscious deceit, as dis-
tinguished from childlike fabrication. would
chronicaliy enter into the talemaking of
primitive men, as into their simpler rela-
tions to each other.” But, given the ten-
dency to deceit among primitive folk,
distrust and detection in a certain number
of cases would presumably follow, con-
atituting a measure of simple scepticism.

By force partly of this and partly of
sheer instability of thought early belief
would be apt to subsist for ages, as that of
contemporary African tribes does now, in
a state of flux. On that view systems which
are supposed to represent in the fullest
degree the primeval spontaneity of
religion may have been in part priestly
reactions, organized against habits of free-
dom, accompanied by a certain amount of
scepticism We seem, at least, to have the
evidence of the Rig- Veda itself, that in the
remote period when it was being collected
there were deniers of the existence of its
gods. Taking the phenomena all along the
line of social evolution, our author finds
himself led to the generalization that the
rationalistio tendenoy, early or late, like
the religious tendenoy, is a variation which
prospers at different times in different de-
grees, relatively to the favorableness of the
environment.

It certainly is no mere surmise that in-
dividual savages and semi-savages in our
own time vary at times toward disbelief
in the supernaturalism of their fellows.
To say nothing of the rational scepticiem
exhibited by the Zulu converts of Bishop
Colenso, which was the means of open-
ing his eyes to the incredibility of the Penta-
teuch, or of the rationalism of the African
chief who debated.with Sir Samuel Baker
the possibility of a future state, we have
the express missionary record that t
forcible suppression of idolatry and taboo,
and the priesthood, by King Rihoriho in
the island of Hawaii in 1819, was acoom-
plished not only. “before the arrival of any
missionaries,” ~ on eey common
sense grounds with no thought of
furthering’ Chistianity, though the King

and other women from the cruel pressure
of the taboo system and todivert the priests’
revenues to secular purposes; and he ac-
tually had some strong support on the
part of the more enlightened members of
the priesthood. Our guthor ts .convinved,
however, that, had sot the missionary
propaganda soon followed, the old worship,
whioh had been desperately defended in
battle at the instigation of the more @on-
servative priests, would in all probability
have grown up afresh, though perhaps
with modifications. Mr..Robertson’s con-
clusion is that the savage and semi-savage

social conditions, taken as a whole, are’

fatally unpropitious to rationalism. All
the facts together entitle us to decide that
religion, though iteelf only a variation, is
yet the variation that has chiefly flourished
by reason of its adaptation to the prevail-
ing environment. This ie a decision far
ffom equivalent to the acceptance as sci-
entific of the formula which, even in the
face of the rapitily spreading rationalism
of the more civilized nations, stil] affirms
supernaturalist belief to be a universal
necessity of the human mind.

mT.

In a chapter dealing with the progress
of free thought under anciént religions
the author pointe out that of all the ancient
Asiatio systems that of China yields the
first clear biographical trace of a practical
rationalist, albeit a rationalist stamped
somewhat by Chinese conservatism. Con-
fucius (B. C. 551-478) is a tangtble person,
despite some mythic accretions; whereas
Zarathustra and Buddha are but doubtful
possibilities, and even the less legendary
Chinese sage Lao-Teze (said to have been
born B.C. 604) is elusive. Mr. Robertson
holds it to be evident that before Confucius
there had been in China a slackening in
religious beliefs among the governing
classes. As regards the worship of an-
cestors, indeed, there is extant a record
of a display of disregard for it by the
lords of Lu in Confucius’s time and, ao-
cording to Legge, the general attitude of
Confucius himself, religious only in his
adherence to old ceremonies, is incom-
patible with a devout environment. It has
been disputed whether he makes a “sceptio
denial of any relation between man and a
living God”; but the same authority (Legge)
who disputes this, complains that his
“avoiding the personal name of Ti, or God,
and only using the more indefinite term
Heaven,” suggests “a coldness of tempera-
ment and intellect in the matter of religion.”
He was, indeed, above all things a moralist
and, concerning the spirits in general, he
taught that “to give one’s self to the duties
due to men and, while respecting spiritual
beings, to keep aloof from them, may be
called wisdom.” He would never express
an opinion concerning the fate of souls or
encourage prayer; and in his redaction of
the old records he seems deliberately to
have eliminated mythological expressions.

In the slightly earlier Lao-Tsze (“Old
Philosopher”), the founder of Taoism, our
author would recognize another and more
remarkable early free thinker of a different
stamp, in some respects much less con-
servative and of an intellectual cast mark-
edly more original. “Where Confucius was
an admirer and etudent of antiquity, Lao-
Tsze expressly put such concern aside,
seeking a law of life within himself in a
manner suggestive of much Indian and
other Oriental thought. So far as our
records go he is the first known philosopher
who denied that men could form an idea
of Deity, that’ being the infinite; “and ‘he
evolved, avowedly by way of makeshift
only, the idea of a primordial and governing
reason, closely analogous to the Logos of
later Platonism.” Mr. Robertson goes on
to say that: since the same idea is traceable
in more primitive forms, alike in the Baby-
lonian and Brahmanic systems, it is argu-
able that Lao-Tsze may have derived it
from one of these sources. The problem,
however, is very obscure. In any case
his system is rationalistic pantheism.

The Golden Rule, as formulated by Con-
fucius, “do not that whick-ye would not have
done unto you,” is, we are told, a condensa-
tion on his part of doctrine he found in the
older classics. As against Lao-Tsze, he
maintained the practical form of the prin-
ciple of reciprocity. The older man, like
some later teachers, preached the rule of
returning kindness for evil; but Confucius,
dealing with human nature as it actually is,
argued that evil should be met by justice,
and kindness with kindness; else the evil
were as much fostered as the good. A
regret is expressed in the book before us
that Christian writers should keep up the
form of condemning Confucius for a teach-
ing the practice of which is normally pos-
sible, and as a matter of fact is never trans-
cended ‘in their own Churoh, .where the
profession of returning good for evil merely
constitutes one of the. great hypotheses
of civilization. Of Mencius (B. C. 372-289),
the greatest disciple of Confucius, we are
told that “ip his teachings the religious
element retires still further into the back-
ground than in his master’s; and he is
memorable for his insistence on the re-
markable principle laid down by Confucius
that “the people are born good,” that they
are the main part of the State, and that it is
the ruler’s fault if they go astray. More-
over, Mencius, who asa sociologist excels
in our author’s opinion not only Lao-Tsze
but Confucius, put his finger on the central
force in Chinese history when he faught
that: “It is only men of education’ who,
without a certain livelihood, are able to
maintain a fixed heart. As to the people, if
they have not a certain livelihood it follows
that they will not have a fixed heart.”
Lao-Tsze on his part had gone in the oppo-
site direction to the length of prescribing
that the people should not be instructed.

On the whole Mr. Robertson deems it
not going too far to say that no ancient
people produced sane thinkers and scientific
moralists earlier than the Chinese. “Cen-
turies before our era: China had a rationalis-
tic literature, an ethic no less earnest and
far more sane than that of the Hebrews,
and a line of known teachers as remarkable
in their way as those of ancient Greece,
who flourished about the same period.”
He adds: “But where even Greece, wrought
upon by all the other cultures of antiquity,
ultimately retrograded till under Chris-
tianity it stayed at a Chinese level of unpro-
gressiveness for a thousand years, isolated
China, helped by no neighboring culture
adequate to the need, has stagnated as
regards the main maes of its life despite
some political and other fluctuations till
our own day.”

Iv. :
In the chapter on “Relative Free Thought
in Israel” what the author has to say about
the books of Job and Ecclesiastes will be
found particularly interesting. As to the
time when the original form of the Book
of Job was compoeed—400 lines in the matter
of the present Hebrew version seem to have
been added after the Septa trafislation
was made—Renan’s dating of the book six
or seven centuries before Ecclesiastes is
oddly uncritical.. Our author

concurs with Dr. Dillon in. hélding that it
must be dated after Jeremiah and Ezekiel.
Cornill even ascribes it to the fourth or
third century B. C. Some” details in the

- Anya Pye et yy ni (28S Tg,

book suggest the possible culture influence
of the Himyarite Arabe, who had reached
a high civilization before 500 B. C. It is
pointed out that not only the Authorized
but the Revised version is false in the sense
“I know that my Redeemer liveth,” the
perversion of the Hebrew original dating
from Jerome. The probable meaning is
given in Dr. Dillon's translation: “But I
know that my avenger liveth.” The orig-
inal expressed a complete disbelief in a
future life.

What marks off the Book of Job from all
other literature is, of course, its dramatio
and reflective handling of the ethical prob-
lem of theism, which the Prophets either
evade or dismiss by declamation against
Jewish sin. Our author would not pretend
that the problem is solved in Job, where the
role of Satan is an‘ inconclusive resort to
the Persian dualistic solution, and where
the Deity is finally made to answer Job's
free thinking by “sheer literary thunder
muoh less ratiocinative; though far more
artistic, than the theistic speeches of Job's
friends.”- He submits, nevertheless, that
“at least the writer or writers of Job's
speeches consciously grasp the issue; and
the writer of the epilogue evidently felt
that the least Yahweh could do was to com-
pensate a man whom he had allowed to be
wantonly persecuted. The various efforts
of ancient thought to solve the same prob-
lem will be found to constitute the motive
power in many later heterodox systems,
theistic and atheistic.”

Mr. Robertson thinks that in certain as-
pects the Book of Job speaks for a further
reach of early free thinking than is seen in
Koheleth (Ecclesiastes), which latter book,
however, at its lowest level of conviction,
tells of an unbelief that could not be over-
borne by any rhetoric. Koheleth unques-
tionably derives from late foreign influences.
By an increasing number of students,
though not yet by common critical consent,
the book is dated about 200 B. C., when
Greek influence was stronger in Jewry than
at any previous time. “The thought of the
book is, as Renan says, profoundly fatigued,
and the sombre avowals of the absenoe of
divine moral government are ill balanced
by sayings, probably interpolated by other
hands, averring an ultimate rectification
even on earth. What remains unqualified
is the deliberate rejection of the belief in a
future life, couched in terms that imply
the currency of the doctrine; and the delib-
erate caution against enthusiasm in re-
ligion.”

Attention is here called to various traces in
other books of the Old Testament of the same
species of tired or stoical semi-rationalism
among the Jews of the Hellenistic period.
Even earlier, namely, in the Book of Malachi,
which is commonly dated about 400 B, C.,
there is ‘angry mention of some who ask,
“Where is the God of Judgment?” and say,
“It is vain to serve God”;even as others, ac-
cording to Jeremiah, had said it in the days
of Syrian oppression. The opening verses
of the thirtieth chapter of the book of Prov-
erbs attributed to Agur, who has been
called a Hébrew Voltaire, are admittedly
the expression of a sceptic’s conviction that
God cannot be known, the countervailing
passages being plainly the additions of a be-
liever. Agur’s utterances probably belong
to the close of the third century B.C. Here,
as in Job, there are signs of Arab influence,
but at a later period the main source of
scepticism for Israel was doubtless the Hel-
lenistic civilization.

Of Greek or other atheism, however, there
is no direct trace in the Hebrew literature;
and the rationalism of the Sadducees, who
constituted substantially the priestly party,
was, like the rationalism of the Brahmans
and the Egyptian priests, something esoteric
and withheld from the multitude. So far,
indeed) as the literature shows, save for the
confused Judaic-Platonism of Philo of
Alexandria, there is practié¢ally no rational
progress in Jewish thought after Koheleth,
till the time of contact with revived Greek
thought in Saracenic Spain. In the usual
way the maes of the people are found gravi-
tating to the fanatical’ afd superstitious
levels of the current creed. None of the more
rationalistic writings in the Hebrew canon
seems ever to have counted for much in the
national life. “The anti-sacrificial and
universalist teachings in the Prophets and
in the Psalms never affected, for the people
at large, the sacrificial and localized worship
at Jerusalem, though they may have been
esoterically received by some of the priestly
or learned class there, and though they may
have promoted a continual exodus of the
less fanatical type, who turned to other civ-
jlizations.” Nor, in our author's opinion,
can it even be said that the learned rabbini-
cal class carried on a philosophic tradition,
while the indigent multitude discredited
their creed.

‘ Vv.

Some eighty pages of the author's first
volume are devoted to “Free Thought in
Greece,” . It is well known that the Greeks
varied from the general type of culture
evolution seen in India, Persia, Egypt
and Babylon and- approximated  some-
what to that of ancient China, in that their
higher thinking was done not by an order
of priests pledged to cults but by inde-
pendent laymen, “In Greece, as in China,
this line of development is to be under-
stood as a result of early political condi-
tions—in China, those of a multiplicity
of independent feudal States; in Greece,
thosé of a multiplicity of- city-States
¢ © ® Such conditions prevented the
owth of a priestly class or organiza-
on, Neither China nor pagan Greece
was imperialized till there had arisen
enough of rationalism to prevent the rise
of a powerful priesthood, and the later
rowth of a priestly system in Greece
fn the Christian period is to be explained
in terms, first, of a positive social degenera-
tion, accompanying a complete trans-
mutation of political life, and, secondly,
of the imposition of a new cult on the popu-
lar plane, specially organized on the model
of the political system that adopted it.”

It is in the great progressive period
of Greek thought that the possible gains
from the absence of a priesthood are dis-
played most strikingly. For the Greek
speaking world in general there waa no
dogmatio body of teaching, no written
code of theology and moral law, no sacred
books. The two great epopees ascribed
to Homer had a certain Biblical status,
and the bards who recited them did what
in them lay vo make the old poetry the
standard of theological opinion. They
lacked organized influence, however, and
could not hinder higher thinking. The
special priesthood of Delphi, wielding the
oracle, could maintain their political in-
fluence only by holding their function above
all apparent self-seeking, or effort at dom-
ination.. There were only needed then
such civic ‘conditions as should evolve
a leisured class with a tendency toward
study to make possible a growth of lay
philosophy. These conditions first arose
in the Ionian cities, because there first did
Greek citizens attain commercial wealth
as a result of adopting the older com-
mercial civilizations, of whose maritime
urban entrepots they took possession

There it was that in matters of religion
and philosophy. the. comparison of their
én local cults and myths with thosé of
their foreign neighbors first provoked
their critical reflection as the age of primi-
tive warfare passed away. There it was,

.
e

7

Teles lei in ele

‘ % 1) QE
fe ‘
SEPTEMBER 23, 1006,

’ this ringing radicalism, not yet out of date,

NM

  
 
 

 
 
 

phanes sounded the note of merely negative
scepticism, which, for lack of fruitful
scientific research, was to become more
and mafe common in Greek thought. “No
man,” he avowed in one verse, “knows
truly anything, and no man ever will.”

Apparently a limit was soon set to free
speech, even ‘in Elea; and the Eleatic school
later in the hands of Parmenides, Zeno and
Metissos of Samos and their successors
turned, first to deep metaphysics, and
then to verbal dialectics, to discussion on
being and not being, the impossibility of
motion and the frivolous problem of Achilles
and the tortoise. Our author deems it
possible that thought. took these lines be-
cause others were socially closed. Melissos,
a man of action, who led a successful sally
to capture the Athenian fleet, was appar-
ently the most pronounced freethinker
of the three, in that he said of the gods:
*There was no néed to define them, since
there was no knowledge of them.” Such
utterances could not be carried far with
impunity, as Soorates was to learn, in any
Greek community; and from Melissos and
Parmenides—our author considers the latter
the most philosophic mind of all the Ele-
atice—there was a rapid descent to pro-
fessional verbalism, popular life the while
proceeding on the old levels.

; val.

Although, compared with the early Mile-
sians, the elusive Pythagoras is not so
much a rationalistio as a theosophio free
thinker, yet in his system he did rationalize
oA discard mythology. There seems
to be no doubt that his philosophy, like that
of his Ionian predecessors, started from
Oriental precedents. According to tra-
dition he was a pupil of a Syrian, and be-
fore settling at Kroton, in Italy, he travelled
in Egypt, and also had intercourse with
the Ohaidean magi. Parts of the Pythag-
orean code of life point to an Eastern de-
rivation, As regards, however, the mystic
doctrine that numbers are, as it were, the
moving principle in the cosmos—another
thesis not unlikely to arise in the Baby-
lonian world, whence came the whole sys-
tem of numbers for the later ancients—
our author can but pronounce it “a de-
velopment of thought in vacuo, and look
further for the source of Pythagorean
influence in the moral and social code of
the movement, in its science, in its pan-
theiam, its contradictory dualism and
perhaps in its doctrine of transmigration
of souls.” . On the side of natural science,
indeed,- its absurdities point to the fatal
lack of observation which so soon stopped
progress in Greek physics and biology.
On the other hand, in the fields of astronomy,
mathematics and the science of sound the
Pythagorean sohool seems to have done
good scientific work, being praised by
Aristotle for special service in that way.
It is recorded that Philolaos, the successor
of Pythagoras, was the first to teach openly
(about 460 B. C.) the doctrine of the motion
of the earth, which, however, as we have
seen, would also seem to have been taught
previously by Anaximandros. Ecphantos
of Syracuse is aleo credited with asserting
the revolution of the earth on its axis. He,
too, is grouped with the Pythagoreans,
though he appears to haye had a pantheism
of his own.

At last the critical spirit found utterance
in the great Periclean period, at Athens
itself, though first by way of importation
from Ionia Anaxagoras of Klazomenai
(480-428 B. C.) is the first free thinker hiatori-
cally known to have been legally prose-
cuted and condemned for bis free thought—
Philolaos had been prosecuted, but not
convicted, at Elea. It was in the Athens of
Pericles and in spite of Pericles's protection
that the attack was made. Coming of the
Tonian line of thinkers, Anaxagoras held
firmly by the scientific view of the cosmos
and thought that the sun, instead of being
animated and a deity, as the Athenians
believed, was “a red hot mass, many times
larger than the Peloponnesus,” and the moon
a fiery (or earthy) solid body, having in it
plains, and mountains, and_ valleys—this,
while the philosopher asserted that infinite
mind was the source and introducer of all
the motion in the infinite universe; infinite
in extent and infinitely divisible. This
materialistic doctrine as to the heavenly
bodies was propounded, as Socrates tells
in his defence, in books that, in his day,
any one could buy for a drachma apiece;
and Anaxagoras further taught, like Theag-
enes, that the mythical personages of the
poets were mere abstractions, invested
with name and gender. It is probable
enough that, even in pious Athens, where
he taught in peace for many years, the
Ionian philosopher might also have died
in peace, but for his intimacy with the
most renowned of his pupils. It occurred
ultimately to the enemies of Pericles to
strike at him through his guide, philosopher
and friend. Prosecuted on the charge that
he disbelieved in religion, and held theories
of his own about things on high, he was
saved by Pericles from the death punish-
ment, but according to one account was
fined five talents, and certainly was exiled,
or chose to leave the intolerant city.

While Athens was persecuting 'Anaxa-
goras, the colonial city of Abdera in Thrace,
founded by Ionians, had, like others, car-
ried on the great impulse of Ionian phil-
osophy and had produced in the fifth oen-
tury some of the great thinkers of the
human race. Concerning the greatest of
these, Democritos, and the next in impor-
tance, Protagoras, we have no sure dates,
but they seerh to have “flourished” from
about 450 to 410 B. C, The second, though
apparently later, seems to have been pro-
foundly influenced by the first, who, in-
deed, has influenced al! scientific philosophy
down to our own day. Logically continu-
ing the non-theistic line of thought, Demoo-
ritos either struck out or newly assimi-
lated and developed one of the most fruit-
ful of all scientific principles, the atomic
theory. “He stands forth as one of the most
original minds in the whole history of
thought. No Greek thinker, not Aristotle
himeelf, has struck so deep as he into funda-
mental problems; though the-absurd label
of ‘the laughing philosopher,’ bestowed
on him by some peculiarly unphilosophic
mind, has delayed the later recognition of
his greatness, clear as it was to Bacon.”

accordingly, that on a basis of primitive
Babylonian acienc¢ there originated with
T of Miletus in the early part of the
sixth oéntury B. OC, the higher science and
philosophy of Greek speaking race.
“Thales. was thie in the direct sphere of
Babylonian oulture before the conquest
of Cyrus, and his Miletian pupils or suc-
cessors... Apaximandros and. Anazimenes
stand for the same influences. Herakleitos,
in turn, was of Ephesus, an Ionian city
in thé same culture sphere; Anaxagoras
was of Klazomenai, another [opiay city,
as had been Hermotimos, of the samo
philosophic school, The Eleatio sohool,
founded: by Kenophanes, and carried on
by Parmenides and the elder Zeno, come
from the same matrix, Elea having been
founded by exiles from Ionian Phokaia
on ite conquest by the Persiane, and. Pythag-
oras, in turn, was of the Ionian city of
‘Samoa, in thé sane sixth century. Finally,
Protagoras and Democritos were of Abdera,
an Ionian colony in Thrace; Leukippas,
the teacher of Demoocritos, was either an
Abderite, a Miletian or an Elean, and Arch-
elaos, the pupil of Anaxagoras and a
teacher of Socrates, is said to have been
a Miletian.” We are reminded that Well-
hauséa has spoken of the rise of philosophy
on the “threatened and actual political
annihilation of Ionia,” as corresponding to
the rise of Hebrew prophecy on the menace
and the consummation of the Assyrian
conquest... Mr. Robertson admits that as
regards Ionia this may hold true in the
sense that the stoppage of political free-
dom threw men back on philosophy, as
hap later at Athens; but he would
have us note that Thales philosophized
before the Persian conquest. ,

From the mere second hand and often un-
intelligent statements which are frequently
all we have in the case of Thales, the father
of Greek philosophy, it is hard to make sure
of hie system, but that it was pantheistic
and physicist seems clear. The phrase
attributed to him, that “all things are full
of God,” clearly meant that in his opinion
the forces of things inhered in the cosmos,
and not in personal powers, who spas-
modically interfered with them. For the
rest, he speculated in meteorology and in
astronomy, and is credited with having
predicted a solar ¢olipse—a clear proof of
his knowledge of Chaldean science—and
with having introduced geometry into
Greece from Egypt. He was one of the
many early moraliste who, in one form or
another, laid down the golden rule as the
essence of the moral law. Our author
suggeste that with his maxim ‘ “Know
Thyself” he seems to mark a new depart-
ure in ancient thought, the balance of
energy being shifted from myth and theos-
ophy and poesy to analysis of conscious-
ness and the cosmic process.

 

vi.

From this point the progress of Greek
rationalism was continuous, despite some
local reactions, till the Roman Conquest,
Miletos long figuring as a principal source
of scepticism. Anaximandros, pupil and
companion of Thales, was, like him, an as-
tronomer, geographer and physicist. -We
find him seeking for a “first principle” (for
which he invented the name); ng an
infinite material cause, without beginning
and indestructible, together with an infinite
number of worlds, and--again showing
the Chaldean impulse-speculating curi-
ously on the descent of man from some-
thing aquatic, as well as on the form and
motion of the garth (figured by him as a
cylinder), the nature and motions of the
eolar system, and thunder and lightning.
It may be doubtful whether, as affirmed by
Eudemus, he taught the doctrine of the
earth's motion, but the derivation of this
doctrine from the Babylonian schools of
astronomy is @¢o probable that, in our au-
thor’s judgment, it may have been accepted
in Miletos in the first half of the sixth
century B. C.

Jt is after some two generations of per-
sistent queétioners of nature have passed
away that we encounter in Herakleitos of
Ephesus, who flourished about 500 B. C., a
positive and unsparing criticism of the
prevailing beliefs. Though doubt attaches
to some of his sayings, and even to his date,
there can be small question that he was
mordantly free thinking, though a man of
royal descent. “No thinker among the
Ionians left a deeper impression than he of
massive force and piercing intensity; above
all the other gnomic utterances of his age
his have the ring of character and the edge
of personality. The gossiping Diogenes,
after setting out by calling him the most
arrogant of men, concedes that the brevity
and weight of his expressions are not to be
matched.” He has stern sayings about
“bringing forth untrustworthy witnesses to
confirm disputed points” and about “eyes
and ears being bad witnesses for men whose
souls lack understanding.” “What can be
seen, heard and learned, this I prize” is one
of his declarations; and he is credited with
condemning book learning, as having failed
to give wisdom to Hesiod, Pythagoras and
others. From his cryptic utterances it
may be gathered that he, like Thales, was a
pantheist and from his insistence on the
immanence of strife in all things, as from
other sayings of his, that he was of the
Stoic mood. “I¢ was doubtless in resent-
ment of immoral religion that he said Homer
and Archilochos deserved flogging and that
he was severe on the phallic worship of
Dionysos, on the absurdity of prayer to
images and on popular pietism in general.”
His saying, “Character is a man’s demon,
or guardian angel,” seems to be the definite
assertion of rationalism in affairs, as against
the creed of special providences,

While free thought, however, was travel-
ling so much faster in Ionia than in the
Greek motherland, it was travelling faster
still in the colonies planted from Ionia in
Italy and Thrace. To the city of Elea,
founded on the western Italian coast by
Phokaians, seeking & new home after the
Persian conquest, came Xenophanes of
Colophon, likewise seeking freedom. His
lonic pantheism expressed iteelf in an attack
on anthropomorphic religion, no less direct
and much more ratiocinative than that of
any Hebrew prophet upon idolatry. “Mor- j
tals,” he wrote, “suppose that the gods are
born, and wear man’s clothing, and have | It is from Democritos that the vital maxim
voice and body. But if cattle or lions “Nothing from nothing; nothing into noth-
had hands, so as to paint therewith and | ing,” is substantially derived. His atomic

| make works of art as men do, they would , theory, held in conjunction with a concep-
paint their gods and give them bodies | tion of “mind-stuff” similar to that of
like their own--horses like horses, cattle | Anaxagoras, is termed in the book before
| like cattle.” On Homer and Hesiod, the | us the high water mark of ancient scientific
myth ‘singers, his assault was no less reso- | thought. It is noteworthy that somewhat
lute. “They attribute to the gods all things | earlier in the same age Empedocies of Agri-
that with men are of ill fame and blame; | gentum, another product of the freer colo-
they recount of thém countless nefarious | nial life, threw out a certain glimmer of
thinge—thefts, adulteries and deception of | the Darwinian conception that adaptations
each other.” When the Eleans, somewhat | prevail in nature just because the adapta-
shaken by such criticisms, asked him | tions fit organisms to survive, and the non-
whether they should sacrifice or merely | adapted perish. In his teaching, too, the
sing @ dirge to Leukothea, the child bereft | doctrine of the indestructibility of matter
sea goddess, he bade them not to sing a | was clear and firm; and the denial of anthro-
| dirge if they thought her divine, and not | pomorphic deity was explicit. Empedbcles
to sacrifice if she were human. “Beside | however, wrought out no solid and con-
sistent system. Democritos aleo shunned
dialectic and discussion, and founded no
school; and, although his atomism was
later adopted by Epicurus,.it was no more
developed on a basis of investigation and
experiment than was the biology of Empedo-
cles. “Greek society failed to set up the
conditions needed for progress | beyond

the physics and philosophy of the Eleatio
| free thinker are less noticeable, the physics
being weak, though the philosophy was not
unsubtle nor unoriginal; but it is interesting
to find him reasoning from fossil marks
that what is now'land was once sea covered,
and bad been left mud; and that the moon

‘was probably inhabited.” With’ ‘all this | the point gained by, ite unguided forces”
alertnpes of speculation, tiowbiss, thhawe Whee Promgotes; whe aaultabee oxap-

 
   

nS
———

em

  

 
    
  

Rana

what earlier than Democritos, ventureg
to read at the house of the freethinking
Euripides a treatise of his own beginning
with the avowal that be’ offered'no opinion
as to the existence of the gods, life being
too short for the inquiry, the remark got
wind, and he had to fly for his life. In the
course of his flight, if we may trust tradj.
tion, the philosopher was drowned, and his
book was publicly burned. This is the
earliest known instance of censorship of
the press About the same time the poet
Diagoras of Melos was proscribed for athe.
Yom, he baving declared that the non-pun.
ishment of a certain act of iniquity proved
that there were no gods. Diagoras, who
was further charged with divulging the
Eleusinian and other mysteries and with
making firewood of an image of Herakies,
telling the god thus to perform his thir.
teenth labor by: cooking turnips, became
thenceforth one of the proverbial atheists
of the ancient world, and a reward of a
silver talent was offered for killing him
and of two talénte for hie capture alive,
No antidote to ihe bane of fanaticism was
found or even sought, and the greatest of
Athenians was to be the next victim.
Vill.

Socrates was fundamentally and practi.
cally @ freethinker in that in all things he
thought for himself, turning definitely
away from the old ideal of mere trans-
mitted authority in morals. He was the
first and chief agnostic. “Starting in all
inquiries from a position of professed igno-
rance, he at least repudiated al! dogmatics,
Being, however, preoccupied: with public
life and conduct. he did not carry his critical
thinking far beyond that sphere * * *
He hoped ‘to rationalize conduct, without
secking ‘first ,to rationalize creed.” Our
author submits that, if we may take the
trial and execution of Socrates for “bias.
phemy” and “corrupting the minds of the
young” ‘as accurately reflecting the state
of thought at the time in the Athenian com-
munity, there must have then prevailed
in'Athens nearly as much hypocrisy in re.
ligious matters as exists in the England
of to-day. No doubt Socrates was liable
to the death penalty from the traditionally
orthodox Greek point of view, having
practically turned aside from the old civio
creed and ideals. Most educated Athen-
ians, however, had in some degree done
thesame. Euripides had been so frequently
critical of the old theology and mythology
in his plays that he, too, could easily have
been indicted. Aristophanes would have
been glad to see him prosecuted. “Yet the
psychology of -Aristophanes himself, who
freely ridicuted and blasphemed the gods
in his own-comedies, while reviling all men
who did not profess to believe in them, is
hardly intelligible save inthe light of parts
of the English history of our own time,
when unbelieving indifferentists on the
conservative side have been seen ready to
join in turning the law against a freethinker
[Bradiaugh] for purely party ends.” In
the case of Socrates, no doubt, not only
party malice but the individual dislikes he
had so industriously provoked mst have
counted for much in securing the small
majority of the dikastery that pronounced
him guilty; and his own clear preference
for death over any sort of compromise did
the rest. :

Of Plato the opinion is here expressed
that, while nobody contests the perfection
of his literary craftamanship, he enjoys a
repute above his deserts as a thinker. “In
the history of free thought he figures as a
man of genius, formed by Socrates, and
reflecting his limitations, developing the
Socratic dialectic on the one’ hand, and
finally emphasizing the Socratic dogmatism
on matters outside the ephere of conduct
to the point of utter bigotry. If the Athen-
jans are to be condemned for putting Soc-
rates to death, it must’ not be forgotten
that the spirit, if not the letter, of the laws
drawn up by Plato in his old age fully
justified them.” It is pointed out that this
code, could it ever have been put in force,
would have wrought’ the death of every
honest freethinker, as well as most of the
ignorant believers, within ite range of
operation. Alone among'the great serious
writers of Greece doés Plato implicate
Greek thought in the gospel of intolerance
passed on to modern Europe from antiquity.
It is recorded of him that he wished to burn
all the writings of Democritos that he could
collect, and was dissuaded only on the score
of the number of the copies.

Prof. Bain’ has suggested that not only
Plato but subsequently Aristotle was 0
cowed by the execution of Socrates as to
suppress his personal views on the higher
questions of philosophy. It will hardly
be disputed that the prescription of intoler-
ance in the Laws classes Plato decisively on
the side of fanaticism, and even ranks him
with the most sinister figures on that side,
since his earlier writing in the Republic
shows that he would be willing to punish
men for rejecting what he knew to be vn-
true. He seems to have practised “the will
to believe” till he grew to be a bigot on the
plane of the most ignorant of orthodox
Athenians, and after all that science had
done to enlighten men with regard to that
naturaP order the misconceiving of which
had been the foundation of their cosmo-
gonical creed he inveighed furiously in his
old age against the impiety of those wh:
dared to doubt that the sun and moon and
stars were deities, as every nurse taught
her charges. Our author holds that in the
face of such teaching as this it may well
be said that “Greek philosophy made in-
comparably greater advances in the earlier
polemic period fof the Ionians] than after
its friendly return to the poetry of Homer
and Hesiod”—that is, to a polytheistic
basis. ,

The service rendered to free thought by
Aristotle is also here distinguished as in-
direct rather than direct. While Socrates
had furnished the critical or dialectic method
or habit, Aristotle supplied the great in-
spiration 6f system, partly correcting [he
Socratic dogmatism on the possibilities of
science by endless observation and spect-
lation, though himself falling into scientific
dogmatism only too often. That he was
an unbeliever in the popular and Platonic
religion is clear. “Excluding such a thing
as divine interference with nature, /\5
theology, of course, excludes the poseibi''’
of revelation, inspiration, miracles and
grace.” Apart, moreover, from the general
rationalistic tenor of his works there was
a current understanding that the Per-
patetic Schoo! denied the utility of praver
and sacrifice. It is, indeed, well known that
the anti-Macedonian party attempted '°
impeach him for impiety, but he avoiied
the attempted prosecution by leaving ''¢
city, and died shortly afterward. “While
guiltless of Plato's fanaticism he hac
echeme of reform whatever and was 45
far as any other Greek from the though! of
raising the mase by instruction. His ©
science was not progressive and his po!.':°4!
ideals were rather reactionary.* * * !/¢
was in some aspects the greatest brain of
the ancient world and he left it at the clo
of the great Grecian period without m1")
faith in man, while postung for the moarrs
world its vague conception of deity.”

Having brought our survey of Mr. *."-
ertson’s book down to the death of '"®
Stagyrite we must reserve for some >!"
oocasion an outline of his history of fre®
thought in Roman and Christian times