er

oe,

»

4e
GZAR HAD A NARROW ESCAPE,
PETERHOF PLOT DISCOVERED

AT THE LAST MOMENT.

    

i Cren:ier Now Engaged in Overhaniing
the Political Police—Many Arrests
Mace but Terrorist Leaders Escape

 
   

A
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

| Lonpon, Sept. 22..-Amid the universal

gedition in Russia the whole attention and

     
     
     
     
  
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
    
   
  
 
   

  

  

te ri thwarting a grett central terrorist
, pt against the life of the Emperor. The
@uthorities have been appallei-to learn ia
the last few days that all the elaborate
i machinery for the protection of the royal
ie) family is ineffective and it was only by an
BL clmost accidental discovery in the nick of
iy tisne that the Czar's life was saved.
» The St. Peterabure correspondent of Tae
Bon wires that Premier Stolypin and M.
W Isavolsky, Minister of Foreign Affairs, wont
MW to-day in an Admiralty yacht to consult the
Caar aboari the royal yacht Standardt.
Tt is understood that the Premier advised
the Emperor to remmein away until the
gitustion is better in hand.
; In the meantime M. Stolypin is engaged
BE in a redical overhwling of the political
NDE police. He has summoned the ex-chiefs
who were rotire{ cfter the assassination of
M. de Plehve to assist in strengthening the
Lmperor’s defence . ‘ ,
The Premier severely condemns the pres-
ent police authorities for their inability to
® Yeach the real centre of the terrorist organi-
gation. They have captured many bomb.
makers andi throwers, but have utterly
fuiled to reach the men whose orders those
@rrested hove been ohesing. M. Durnova,
| the Minister of the Interior, is participating
4 in the efforts to reorganizs the secret police.
The story of revolution day by day in
Mussia is best told at the present stage
by a rerics of incidents. Three peasants
charged with mutilating ikons in a church

  
 
  
 
 
 
  

  
  
  
 
  

|
;
i Window were court-martialled this week,
i centenced to death for sacrilege and ise
Ha majesté and hanged the same day.
i A Jew in Odessa on Tuesday killed a
h@ policeman who was trying to arrest him.
HB He fied and while doing so fired on his pur-
1% suers, killing one and wounding two more
Wf policemen. He himself received five shots

fin the body and was arrested and put jn

' prison. A field court-martial, composed
of six high officers, whore names were
mot divulged, after a short deliberation
gentenced the Jew to death. The man,
whose condition was hopeless owing to loss
of blood, was put on a litter, carnediste
the prison yard and tied to 4 post. His
last words before lié was pat to death were:

*I send you, my assassins, my contempt
and curse you. Piteous, blind fools, you
fancy you have shot down the whole of
young Ruesia with your pogromsand courts-
martial, but be sure that there are bombs
and revolvers enough to deliver our un-

-fortunte country from your. bloodstained
hands. Now fire.”

The soldiers fired three volleys and the
dow was dea®

The Times continues its remarkable
series of articles from the interior of Rusvin
showing that there is an almost unanimous

‘B® evolutionary spirit among the peasantry.
The following excerpt gives a vivid idea
® of the latest revelations:
“Two terrorisms are at the present mo-
‘ ment striving for the mastery in Russia,
By end it is the bureaucratic rather than the
a revolutionary which strikes uselessly and
Wi éapriciously and stoops to mean victims,
it, ‘The authors of the Viborg manifesto are
i, at liberty, but thosé who print and circulate
1 %& fill the jails by thousands and iniserable
_ Jews, students and hysterical women are
the mean victims of the Government. Even
when punishment falls where it is due it is
often administered in a manner that leads
to general palliation of the crime and even
ometimes to apotheosis of the criminal.

“J spent a few days among a household
of which the younger members at least
had been made revolutionaries by having

i) their feelings wrought upon by the sight
of men with ‘wolf’ passports, to which I
‘ feferred in my last article. Some of these
unfortunate ‘wolves’ often present them-
eelves at a door begging bread. They
@annot be given work or shelter for more
than a night without a breach of the law
and thus law abiding Russian subjects are
eompelled to become participators in what
| they feel to be a crime against these men,
however heinous their offence may have

eee eee

_

— sS =so- = —= “a —
ae Ne ee ae
ee ened CTE eee
- 2 - need

\

A

'
‘

*I myself bave seen another wolf since
TI last wrote. This one did not ory ‘Hands

Kazan, whence he may be sent to Viadi-
vostok or anywhere else in the Russian
Empire, excepting always Nijni Novgorod‘
1 which is his home, where he had eaten the

i fruit of the forbidden tree of knowledge
political rights and from which paradise
had been driven forth, his passport
a flaming sword forbidding his re-
It is said that M. Sipiaguine, when
of the Interior with perverse
invented the wolf's passport

and that it was for that crime that he was
assassinated. It breeds assassins to this

a the case of Marie Spiridonova,
have never heard of her before the other
week, when I was in the Government of
, and there it is difficult to hear
of any one else. If the truth must be told
even I, who have. learned the wisdom of
many grains of salt upon pepu-
and who am oki feshioned enough
to assassination from whatever
| motive in the category of cardinal sine,
am strangely wrought upon by all that I
hear of this girl who killed the Vice-Gov-
ernor of Tamboff. - te , .
told that A 10ff; a Cossack
and Zkdanoff, @ police officer,

 

 

i

ee eer

5

i

       

PSE TE IO ee eee de

Lit
it

4§
3
g
:
g
:
3
5

7.
i

a
4 5
ki
z
i
|

r
ii

    
  

i

|

ES
Hy
Bre
i
i
ui
3
i
ce
Hi

‘

—Spread of Kev elt Aniotig Mé Penganw. | - h Revoluttonary lore have styled

energy of the Government is now directed |

ae z

ment. For Seatonee, Se Tetiapeps Sueus

‘since

i

Mlle the peaple F
priest, was killed in a struggle
police.

“2. Many villagers who_are_yversed _ jn.

“detence of their
with the

the village bell the tocsin and assemble
armed at its summoris when any police or
military attack is to be resisted. At, Bura-
toff the villagers who had been summoned
by the tocain meted out punishment to
some officious policemen who had fired
upon some children who were singing the
‘Marseillaise.’ In tho village of Ivanovka
when ap attempt was made to errest &
teacher the tocsin was sounded and the
police wore reguleed. ‘At the summons of
| the toosin the constituents of ex-Deputy
' Dietz broke open the prison doors and set
him free. ‘This new use of the long Sisused
}

 

village bell has spread to other govern-
menta, and in Poltava the police arrested
' the toosin and ao silenced its revolutionary

“3. Some peasants are attempting moral
reform for. political ends. In the village
of ‘Rakitnaia the Mir, desiréus of with-
holding even indirect taxes from the Gov-
ernment, requested the semsakinajchalnik
to remove the State vodka store and to
authorize the village starosta to impose
penalties upon any person who may par-
take of vodka. , se

“4. The Finnish tribes in the Volga prov- .
inces are joining forces with their Russian -
neighbors against the Government.

“5. Althéugh' the ‘ewspapers cry‘. out
against repression, freedom of the prese,
however much it may have been restricted
since the Duma was dissolved, is immeas-
urably greater than was ever hoped for
when I was here five years ago.” :

 

GAY TIMES IN ENGLISH SOCIETY.

Leapfrog After Dinner a Favorite Amuse-
ment, Says “Vanity Pair?’
Special Cable Despeteh.to Tus Sun, ;

Lonpon, Sept. 22.—Father Vaughan’s
sermons to the smart set last season, which
attracted se much comment, have already
been mentioned in Tas Sun. A writer
in Vanity Fair this week, referring to Fasher
Vaughan's attacka op hopseplay in coun-
try houses, says the rever -‘gentieman
has not exaggerated the facts. writer
gays:
“The country house season ls now in
full swing. “The play which is sometimes

rough boyish description. For instanoe,
there is a case of the gitests at a certai
house playing leapfrog in the , hal} after
dinner. The hostess bore a great name
and many of the guests weré well khowh
men and women of society.

“But.the leapfrog game is of great re-
finement and eminent good taste com-

with some people in «@ certain country
house. After dinner °a man came up to
her in the billiard room and said, ‘Now
let, me weigh you, Mies X. I will carry
you across the room.” There were weigh-
ing ecales in the room, but she F
and quite good naturedly refused. He
then actually sid: “Well, . ‘here, if
you don't let me carry you I shall empty
my whiskey and soda down the back of
your pretty white frock.’

“The girl, who never for a moment sup-
poset that the man was in earnest, said,
‘All right, you can; but I shan't be weighed.’
A moment later he actually turned at least
half of the whiskey and soda down the
back of her neck.amid roars of laughter
by every one.

“The other story was related to.me by
a male relation of my own. He was etay-
ing with a very well known hostess. After
dinner a woman who sat next to him dur-
ing a slightly heated argument lifted her
finger bowl and poured water down his
neck. Hie retaliation was to put the whole
eee

.
teeestaecetn re retantes ee

ARMENIANS ON NEW TACK.

 

Beek Union of All Discentented Classes
to Force Reforms From Sultan. :
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sum.

ConsTANTINOPLB, Sept. 22—The Ar
menian question may now be on the eve of
entering a new phase. Hitherto the leaders
have resorted to two methods of agitation;
the revolutionary propaganda and appeals
to the great Powers. Their great policy
has been to kill. Turks and Kyrds whenever
the opportunity offered. killings
provoked attacks on defenceless villagers
by the enraged Moslems, who took van-
geance with such awful barbarity that it
was believed the Powers would cortalaly
interfere in the name of bumanity as they
did in the case of Bulgaria.

The Armenian leaders at last seem to
recognize that these methods not only
gain nothing for their cause but prejudice
it, and they have now decided upon an
entirely new course of proceeding. Instead
of relying on a revolution or the interven-
tion of the Powers they will now endeavor
to bring about a union of all Armenians
with all other dissatisfied elments-in the
Ottoman Empire, both Mohammedans and
Christians, whose aim will be to bring about
by domestic pressure the introduction of
reforms. An association of such magni-
tude, embracing many millions of Ottoman
subjects, would certainly be a factor which
the Sultan could not afford to ignore.

The foregoing is the tenor of numerous
appeals which the Armenians have recently
published simultaneously in the Caucasus,
Persia, Paris and London and smuggled
by wholesale into the Armenian provinces
of Turkey.

ANARCHY RULES MOROCCO. .
_Detay m “Organizing Internationa! Police

_  Mmereases Danger, :

Spectat Cable DesPatch to Tus Sow, *
Lonpon, Sept. 22.—Anarchy has become
well nigh supreme in Morocco in the last
fow ‘weeks. First there was a raid by a
Berber chief upon Mogador and now comes
the news of a serious riot at Casa Blanca,
where @ Maelain sorcerer from Sahara
looted a French store, wounded several

pared with other so-called amusements

which have conte to the writer's own notices,

The following are two instances: English
“A girl well known in a certain hunting

circle told me that she had been staying

 

   
 
    
  

—

*Pployees in -rotation was denied. and

FRENCH NOW BLAME CARDINAL
MERRY DEL VAL.

 

Attack Papal Secretary #f Gtate on Pere
senal Grounds—Opinien Divided On
Result of Government Enforcement

_ of the Law—Appeais for Moderation,

Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tan Sun.
Paris, Sept. 22.—There is no let up in
the editorial discussion of the Church
crisis, and no change in the multiplicity of
antagonistic opinions. One aays the as-
sociations law provides every means for
ite own enforcement and that the reguia-
tions will be carried out tranquilly, and
another that the Government will not dare
t cause the upheaval which would be sure
to follow its enforcement.
The Rappel appeals for moderation on
both sides in much the samé tone of Presi-

dent Rooseveit’s New York address a few |

years ago, in which he pleaded for righteous-

‘nees but deplored those who let virtue inter-
fere with efficiency. The Rappel asks us
not to demand of humanity perfection
which does not belong to it, adding: “Passion
ig Necessary to man; too great a desire to
attain perfection is folly.”

The discussion in Paris is turning to a
more or less personal analysis of Cardinal
Merry dei Val, the Papal Seoretary of
State, to whom the attitude of the Pope's
eNoyclical is ascribed, and Paris hears that
thore is the same disposition toward Cardi-
nal Merry del Val in, Madrid, where the
Church question is becoming acute. The
Paris treat him as another Father
am and headline him as Eminence

The Matin in a similar spirit describes him
as tasting material joys 6 oan >
time in jollification at Gandolfo
‘while a grave crisis confronts the Church
and France. There, the Matin says, he
pionics sportively, enjoying the amber
wine of Castelli, his favorite companions
being students of the American college.
The Matin quotes the Archbiahop of Albano
as commenting on Merry del Val's merry-
making by saying: “Oh, he's'a Young man.”

Paris hears that Spanish prelates who
| dandled Cardinal Merry del Val on their

knees are indisposed to be ruled by his

and comment similarly on his

Youthfulness.

ENGLISH OF F THE BEATEN PATH.

A

Criticised for Turning From 6witzertand’s
Beauty Spots tor Piaves Just New.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Lonpon, Sept. 22.-—On revisiting Switzer-
| land after many years the famous Positivist,
Frederic Harrison, who is now in his seventy-

fifth year, writes a long letter to the Times
lamenting the fact that the English people
of to-day are neglecting the most interest -
ing, the most historical and beautiful places
in Switserland

In the days of his youth, he says, three-
fourths of the travellers met with were
Now in the most familiar haunts

they number only one-fifth or even one-

tenth.

This neglect of the true beauties of the
Alps Mr. Harrison ascribes to two causes.
The first is that modern English men and
women are afraid of doing anything which

‘Tia “not the correct thing,” and so they are
ashamed of the “vulgarity” of being seen
at Zurich, Lucerne or St. Gallen, and so lose
some of the most unforgetable experiences
the earth has to offer for fear their set at
home would hold them cheap in not trying
to see something new.

_»A second reason is tha€ the modern athletic |

Englishmen who go to Switzerland ocon-
fine themselves to the snow peaks. “They,”
eays Mr. Harrison, “turn the eternal moun-
tains, vocal with all the most majestic
stirring appeals tothe human spirit, to a
mere track on which muscular ldds and
mannish maidens can exhibit their prowess.
Such as these will spend a month in Switzer-
Jand and go home as blind and unconscious
te its historic relics and lovely landscapes
asa St. Bernard dog ora Chamonix mule.”

Apropos of the foregoihg, another cor-
respondent describes how he met an ob-
servant Belgian in Denmark in August
who said that if he were taken anywhere
in Switzerland blindfolded he could tell
from the conversation around him whether
he was on high or low ground. If the pre-
vailing language was English, spoken by
Englishmen, be would know immediately
that he was high up. If it were German
or English, spoken by Americans, he would
know that he was in the valleys. He further
observed that Americans liked “sitting
around.” The world regards the modern
Englishman as one with a craving for some-
thing new in travel.

It is interesting in donnection with Mr.
Harrison’s remarks to notice the popu-
larity qf Victoria Falle, Rhodesia, as a
winter resort. English visitors are in-
creasing to such an extent that it has been
found necessary to increase the railway
service and the hotel accommodations.
The Falls quite recently only had a tem-
porary railway station and a temporary
hotel. Now substantial structures form
the nucleus of a future Brighton on the
Zambesi. A first.class return fare from
London costs £103. The hotel charges
avers ge about 22 shillings a day.

 

PARISTO HAVE “CLOSED” SUNDAY.

 

Chief of Police Will Enforce Law Giving
Empieyees a Day of Rest.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.
Panis, Sept. 23.—The indications are that
Paris wil] be more like an English or Ameri-
can city in some respects to-morrow than
ever before, for Prefect of Police Lepine,
who this week has been publicly called
the most powerful man in France, with his
absolute command of 13,000 men, has given
a decision under which many businéss
houses must close under the provisions
of the law for a weekly day of rest for em-
ployees. The request of many houses
which desire to give a day's reat to em-
the
police have been ordered to see that the
provisions of the law are rigorously ad-
bered to. .
A curious feature of the law has been
It does not mention pro-

specifying employees; so smal? merchants
who do their’ own work may open if they
desire. In one regard Paris under M.
Lepine’s decision to-morrow will suggest
conditions which once prevailed in New
York before consolidation into the greater
city, «hen on Bundays Brooklynites went
to New York to be shaved in thé morning
and New Yorkers went to

for their beer. In the rich aistricts of
Paris the barbers must close on Sundhy,
but the poorer ones who do their own work
may remain open.

EDNA MAY RESIGNS IN A BUFF.

Amgry Because Camille Cilfferd Was
Featured in Londow Production.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Gun.

Lowpon, Sept. 22.—Edna May has re-
signed ber part in “The Beile of Mayfair”
at the Vaudeville Theatre. the

Women’s Taffeta Skirts.

EAUTIFUL TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS of an excellent
= dea; aad well tailored; an sactp-

Charming New Waists.

OMEN’S TAFFETA WAISTS all the Fall colors,
A 3 superior quality; pet including

 
 
 
   
   
     
  
   
 
   

Gawaeew well worth

Agee

black. Value $5.00.........

  
 
  
 
 
     
 
  
 

LACK CREPE DE CHINE; all silk
case dyes 48 tnchen Winn @ Seey

and hea :
finish; $1.75 q ‘” .1.25

New Autumn

in navy, royal, garnet,

brown and black; all pure wool;
44 inches wide; regolarly 69c.; 49c
special. .

   
     
 
  
  

pido coe Sone aed deal |
ast black .
cial, yard c

eee oeeeree eer erere ee

  
 
 
 
 
 
  

cotton lining, treat- |
ailk proc-

   

A COMPLETE STOCK OF TAILO
SATINS, INTERLININGS, SATIN AND

TAFFETA SEAM BINDING; ENGLISH
all colors; -..¥e

 

 

oor | 6(bel

wapon’ roe IT vee oved
te test ‘ an
ade envelopes; 100 7.50 |

  
 
  
  

T

theme.

character that cannot be

 

the star of the piece and received the highest
eal ary-- £200 a week.

‘When she remonetrated, Mise May says,
she was told that owing to Mies Clifford's
engagement to the son of a peer she is 4
drawing card and must be advertised. This
left Miss May no alternative, she says, but
to resign, which she has done. She de-
clares emphatically that her action was not
‘dictated by jealousy.

BOMB THROWN AT GOVERNOR.

Attempted Assnesination at Riga Fatis
—More Arrests in 8t. Petersburg.
r Spectat Cadle Despatches to THR Sum.
Riaa, Sept. 22.—-While Governor-General
Sollohub was walking ia the street to-day a
bomb was buried a¢ him from a window. |
A shop window was broken, but nobody
was injured. The house from which the
bomb was thrown was searched, but the |
person who threw the missile was not
discovered.
&. Perenesvns, Sept. 22.—Twelve addi- }
tional arrests have been made in connec- |
tion with the bomb out rage at the residence

 

SSovaper: Walst” ca =. eet Shae Every model is fhe
RAS eee cue, Oe
| The Best Ideas Created by Foremost

- Women’s Tailored Hats.

collection of FINE FELT HA
Also Silk Braid and
for present and later wear. All the desicable colors and

eee eeeerreeere ee eererereaweeree

~ Black and Colored Silks.

FANCY SILK TAFFETA; 19 tnc

 

TORM SERGE AND CHEVIOTS, | FANCY MIXED S$ UITINGS in the new-

Dependable Linings---

Cann PERCALINE; 36 inches | MERCERIZED SATEEN; 36 inches wicles

VICTORIA TAFFETA; a double-width | FINEST FRENCH SATEEN; 36 inches

CANVAS, CRINOLINES,
SERGE LININGS. ao

   
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
  

‘A Sale of Notions.

PINS
count); paper.......

B BO. oc ccceees sonseeee NETS; 2 for................360
TAFFETA SEAM BINDING; |BASTING COTTON (S00 TAPE; doz... 38@
rh ligne; all colors; pe....ARe| yds.); dozen............... 420 BLACK a DARNENG' “OO: broadcloth or cheviot ; 50 inches long;
PRUSSIAN BIN DIN MACHINE OIL (408, bottles): PEARL “SHikT BUTTONS.” body and éleeves lined with heavy
POUBLE SEROR PELT- Ly QEWING NEEDLES co. WOMENS FAN i “sive “© black satin; double-breasted front;
Mae wenGe BELT.” | DQUMLE SATUEN TAPE ©° “SEWON, Rand coat back; new sleeves stitched with
tN: ne awe FANCY PIN CUBES, ‘ali’ ool. ERS: oo. WR woew a, plaits at wrist; black velvet collar.
TROY pe. M80 PEARL HEADED Lace | *Sna'scr | eal ate For Monday only = g
MOIRE SILK BELT- PINS; per dozen ...#0|“KLIP KLIP.” a com at ce e
ING; Re, ae .2.00| SAFETY PINS; ¢ papers aie rane: "Be oe 00 oe weeere
DRESS SHIELDS; rubber and| for sisntaka ac eaaessh AD PRINGP for lamp shades
Bens -weight; sizes, 3, 4, AMBER BAT TT tain” 5 colors: 244 In. per ya.. 380 Women’s Coate—this is an ex-
WARREN s GRO GRAIN art | PINS: dos, Be MEnCHAL a ie tremely jaunty model in a short top
FEA RBONE; box | HAIRPIN CABINETS; each'@e| LOW OCORDS;each..... 2
Of 12 yards OLN po HAIR PUEPS; 12 tn.; each. ..60| LINEN RENAISSANCE vACE coat; made of double and twist co-
COOTIGNS: eacb...-.......-40| NETS; dos... en! Maer vert; 22 inches long; lined with tan
A manafacturer’s sample line of stamped Linen Scarfs, Squares 25 yarn-dyed satin; collariess or with
and Tray Covers, 0s cccceccccdccvccccrecesersceseecces . Cc & 39c mannish notch collar; 45 tailor-

Stationery and Engraving.

E’feauh plate in shaded Old) PACKAGE LINEN PAPER containing

|FINE QUALITY ROYAL VELVET

CREATION OF A
PERFECT LIBRARY

O xbibits of Colonial eth h

ae seat a de de on

Craftsman, these pieces, wate that certain strength of
1¢

The reomy Sofa—the lo study Table—th. dee t
seated Chair—find besutitul expression in thie "Shoe of 7 Our Potente Store pre-
Wooderaft. sents a collection of suit crea-

Grand Rapids Furniture Company

(Iacorporated) + the prices of $8.75 and

34 and 36 West 32d Street iv name three of the spe-
al values for to-morrow:

Between Broadway and Fifth Aveae 4 —For suits of

' canes 16.50 fine broadcloth

TT a DEAL AVATIVEGG VATE ANYON EET EL rT) tight © fitting

| sg removed in from 12 to 48 hours
t

can edmin
tion of the

 
 
 

    
      
       
     

eee teem meee ee eeeeee

quality of taffeta; full
5.75

 

 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
   

 
   
 
   
       

  
  

  
  
  

Milliners of America and
"Europe Are Here.

in all the new
Ww bave never shown a better or more comprehensive display

ion Turbans aod a Seton

3.89 of hen hats for every occasion. r millinery salon

a picture of beauty that will delight the eye of

every woman who admires style—and where is the woman that
doesn’t ?

The showing is complete, including hats for afternoon, evening
and carriage wear. No two hats in the entire collection are alike—
every onc is a distinctive gem of beauty, an original style-idea. Even
if you arg not ready to buy, come and see the superb collection. You

ill vote our display a fashion treat. Prices are $5, $7.50, $10,
$12, $16 and up to $60.

A Thousand Hats at %5

  
 
  
     
  
     
      
    
   
      
 

 
  

 
 

  

wide; in all the new Fall colors and de;

on Oe ae 69¢

Dress Goods.

 
 

  
      

  

  
 
 
     

 
  
 
     

 

    
   
     
 

est weaves, all the most desirable :
all pure Our hats at this price are famous—even the most discriminating women
wool; 56 wide; regu- have bought hats from us at this price, and they come back season after season
larly $1.00.......... seeentes: GUO ad om a sold elsewhere at $7.50 and $10 do not possess the style and
these do.

  

One thousand fresh from our own workrooms are offered to-morrow.

A 3-Day
Sale

(Stege! Cooper, Store, Millinery Salon, Second Floor, Front.)

Women’s Fashionable Coats

A Showing of Latest Models for Fall Wear—
Popular Styles at Lowest Prices in New York

OO much cannot be said about this section of the “School of
Style.” It is in a class by itself. You will find scores of
the nobbiest and best looking styles, created by clever de-

signers; tight-fitting and blouse effects, three-quarter lengths, full
lengths, and waist lengths. Beauty of style and quality of materials
considered, the vaiues we offer are unmatched.

Women’s [Coats — made, as illus-
trated, In one of the new tight-fitting
styles of excellent quality black

  
   
 
  
  

 

 
 
  
  
     

high sifk lustre; soft finish; all colors,
including fast black; sold else-

where at 25c.—special, yard. ... 15c

of colorss rich

  
 

satie’ feieby

 
  
  
   
 
 
    
  

  

    

  

  
 

  

  
    
    

- LARGE ALL-OVER HAIR

      
     

    
   
      
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
   
   
   
   
 
 

    

 
 
  
    
 

    

      
  
 
     
   
     
  
     
      
  

     
 
  

  
 

stitched straps; sleeves neatly fin-
ished with turn cuffs; a $12.75 gar-

ment. For Mon- $7.50

day only at
Women’s Rain Coats—we offer this
as an added attraction ; 50 extremely
smart coats in the lot; they ere made
of an excellent quality of rain proof
worsted ; in Oxford gray or tan ; col-
larless model; trimmed at front and
back with stitched straps and but-
tons; plaited leg-o'-mutton sleeves
with fancy cuffs; neck and cuffs out-
lined with several rows of soutache
braid; may be worn with or without
a belt. For Mon-
day only at $6.95
(Siege! Cooper Store, Second Floor, Center.)

Most Beautiful Fall Suits

Remarkable Values That Women of Good Taste
Will Take Advantage of To-morrow

HESE Fall suits are the very kind that the best-dressed

7 women will wear. The styles are different from the ordinary

run—they are exclusive. Many of them were originated
by our own fashion experts and cannot be bought elsewhere

 
 

 
  

23¢

 
 
  
  
 

PER; note size; !-quire

PA
WS 6056000064 s00008 Cccccce 10c

         

 

    
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
    
  
  
   
     
   
  

  
 
    
        

olden time

   
  
 

 

       
    
    
    
  
 
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
    
 
   
          
       
    
 
   
     
    
    
 
   

 
 

  

tions for Autumn wear that
is matchless. No other store
shows as many good styles be-

  
   

  

a coat, with double
collar end cults; Pick satin lining:

r and cuffs; satin lining;
plaited skirt. ~

$ —Particularly
0 handsome

® suits of chif-

fon broadcloth, with beautifully
strapped seams on jacket and
skirt. The jacket isa 23-inch model
with velvet collar and taffeta lin-
ing; very elaborate skirt, full width,
flaringtohem. New York’s great-

of Premier Stolypin some weeks "
Se eit ier basd oy oem
tion ie a Jewees, ae

MORPHINISM

and all drug addictions permanent!
and absolutely without Taffering a =

OPPENHEIMER INSTITUTE

150 West 34th Street, New York. aimee ll very new
ALWAYS OPEN $32.50 rest

a ' Tr ttt inch  broad-
Brest ye Often Dowe a ome. cloth suit. The coaz is made with

tight-fitving lines and stitched box
plaits, silk lining, silk velvet collar
and — ; eS em-
broidery min stylish
shirt le made with tox plaiting and
stitching; @ very dressy, stylish,

new suit. $75

Others in great
variety up to..
(Siegel Cooper Store, Second Fier, Frost )

 

CRAVING FOR LIQUOR

he Oppenheimer treatment.

Any Regular Physician
this treatment uader direc-
Institute.
Cut this out and send for free literature
information, o