aT wWuAtAM JENNINGS BRYAN.

Copyright, 1006, by Joseph B. Bowles--Copyright in
Great Britain -Au Rights Reserved.

Buno.s, Norway, June 23. The dis-
oussion of the Duma ocoupied so much
space that I was compelled to omit from
that article all mention of Russia in genepal
ami St. Petersburg io particular, i shaii
therefore begin this article with a brief
reference to the Musoovite empire.

Two and a half years ago, when I saw
Russia for the first time, I entered by the
way of Warsaw and went to St. Potersburg
from Moscow. While considerable terri-
tory was covered, the winter's snows made
the whole country look barren and un-
inviting.

This time our course lay through the
Baltic provinces, and as farming was at
ite height, the country presented a much
fairer picture. The cities and villages
through which we passed were busy with
life and each had its church, for the Russians
are a churchgoing people.

St. Petersburg is a fascinating city. The
Church of St. Isaac, with its great granite
monoliths on the outaide, its pillars within
covered with malachite and lapis lazuli,
and ite immense bronze doors, is among
the world's most imposing places of wor-
ship. The equestrian statue of Peter the
Great is famous and the art gallery is of

 

 
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
 

Syrrrrie

WITT lillihoe

AING OSCAR IE
OF SWEDEN.

 

 

 

 

rare merit. Russia’s bronzes are most
excellent and her stores exhibit a large as-
sortment of furs.

In St. Petersburg I found myself, as
on my former visit, admiring the horses,
they being upon the whole the best that
I have seen since leaving America. Possibly
the fact that so many stallions are driven
singly and in pairs may account in part
for the handsome and stylish animals seen
upon the streets, but certain it is that the
Russian horse is a splendid representative
of his breed.

There isa large park, called the Point, near
thecity, andintheevening this park and the
approaches to it are thronged with carriages
and droskies. As the sun does not set
there at this season of the year until be-
tween 9 and 10 and is followed by a long
twilight, the drives are gay With life until
midnight. We did not reach our hotel
until 11 o’clock, although we were among
the first to leave the park.

BROAD GAUGE RUSSIAN COACHMEN,

Speaking of horses reminds me that the
Russian coachman has an individuality
all his own. Hise headgear is peculiar,
being a squatty beaver with a spool shaped
crown, but one soon forgets the haf in con-
templation of the form,

The skirt of the coachman’s coat is very
full and plaited and the more stylish the
equipage the broader is the driver. Begin-
ning at the shoulders his padding gradually
increases until about the hips he is as broad
ea the box upon which he sits.

This. padding is carried to such an ex-
treme that the coachman sometimes has to
be lifted upon the box and it is needless
to say that he is practically helpless as
‘wall as useless in case of an accident. It
may be that this style of dress is designed
for a Wind break for those who are seated
behind the wearer—this was one of the ex-
planations given—or it may be that like
some other fashions in wearing apparel
it has no foundation in reason,

I found to my _ disappointment that
Tolstoi is not contributing materially
to the political revolution that is taking
place in Russia. Being revered throughout
the land not only because of his philosophy
but also because of his fearless arraign-
ment of the despotism that has afflicted
Russia, he might be a powerful factor in
giving direction to the popular movement,
but believing that individual regenera-
tion furnishes the only complete emancipa-
tion from all forms of evil he takes but
little interest in what he regards as the
smaller and less important remediee pro-
posed by the Duma.

It remains to be seen whether it is wiser
to secure that which is now within reach and
then press forward for other advantages or
to reject piecemeal reforms in the hope of
ultimately gaining larger ones. Probably
the pioneer in thought and the practical
reformer wil) never be able to agree fully
upon this point.

The boat ride from St. Petersburg to
Btockholm is one of unsurpassed beauty,
It requires about thirty hours to make the
tripand of that time but two hours are spent
in the open sea, the remainder of the route
being bet ween islands that fill the Baltic and
the Gulf of Finland as the stars stud the
aky.
Just out of St. Petersburg is Russia's most
important naval station, where we saw a
number of warships, and were informed that
the orew of one them had recently refused
to comply with a sailing order, answering
that it was waiting to see what the Duma
would do.

A GLIMPSF OF FINLANG.

Until about a hundred years ago Finland
was a part of the Haltic empire, of which
Bweden was the head, and of the 3,000,000
inhabitants of Finland something like 20 per
ent. are of Swedish descent. As might be
expected, the Swedish element is not only

, the officiag element, enjoying to a large ex-

Oe

From St. Petersbirrg to Stockholm

Mr. Bryan Tells of the Padded Coachmen of St.Petersburg, Hasa Glimpse
of Finland and Describes the Charms of the Swedish Capital—
Indus tries, Public Questions and Progressiveness of Sweden.

 

 

tent the titles of nobility, but it is «till the
wealthier and more,influential portion.

The Finns proper are not Laplanders, as
their northern position would suggest,
neither are they in race closely akin to the
Slavic or Scandinavian population. As
mentioned in the article on Hungary, they
vane from western Asia and are quite dis-
tinct in race characteristics from their
present neighbors. They acquired from
their Swedish conqueroréa fondness for the
public school and the percentage of illiter-
acy is much less in Finjand than in other
parts of Russia, under whose dominion they
unwillingly came in 1809,

Our boat stopped at Helsingfors for a
few hours and we had an opportunity to
visit the principal points of interest in the
capital of Finland. It is a substantial

and prosperous loo’ing cit;, with large |

achoolhouses, attractive public buildings
and commodious churches. We passed
several small parks, where children were
playing and where numerous comfortable
seats beckoned the weary to reat beneath
the shade.

I confess. to a partiality for the small
city park; it is much better to have these
breathing spaces so scattered about through
densely populated sections that the children
as well as adults can find in them a daily
refuge, than to have the entire park fund

 

iwive

p ipte plelee Mi

onal APT Ci With
O42 1 hasds sea sae

Stockholm gan with equal justice claim to
be ite natural summer resort. It is situated
at @ point where a chain of lakes pours its
flood into the Baltic, so that tho citisens of
Sweden's capital have their choice between
the fresh water and the salt.

As the lakes and the sea are filled with
innumerable. islands each family can have
one for itasif. Summer homes are probably

| more numerous near Stockholm in propor-
|'tion to the population than anywhere else,
because during the winter months the peo-
ple live in flata.

One is immedianliy struck with the gom-
pactness of the city and with the absence
of single dwellings surrounded by yards.
Owing to the severe cold and the long,
dark days of winter, the people huddle
together in great blocks and thus economize
fuel and they are at the same time close
to their work. .

As soon as spring opens there is a genera
movement toward the islands, and as we
approached Stockholm from the Baltic
and left it through the lakes we saw a
great many summer cottages and watehed
| the boats carrying their cargoes of pas-
sengers to and fro.

NATIONAL INDUSTRIES.

Sweden's lakes are 60 numerous apd 80
large that about 8 per cent. of her entire area
is given up to these internal waterways,
and they probably account for the fact
that her people had a large domestic com-
merce before the era of railroads. These
lakes are so situated that by connecting
| them by canals water transit has been se-
| cured between Stockholm on the east coast
| and Gothenburg on the west. The boat
trip through these lakes and canals is one
of the most pleasant in Burope:

The Swedes who have come to the United
| States are such excellent farmers that I
was surprised to find but 12 per cent. of the
area of Sweden devoted to agriculture and
51 per cent. described as woodland. Only
55 per cent. of the population is now en-
gaged in farming, the proportion hav-
ing fallen from 72 per cent. since 1870, while
the proportion engaged in other industries
has risen from 15 to 27 per cent.

Lumbering, fishing and shipping each
give employment to a large number of
men, and iron mining, long a leading in-
dustry, is still important, although owing
to the development of mines elsewhere
Sweden now furnishes but 1 per cent of
the entire output of ore, as against 10 per
cent, in the eighteenth century.

The fact that she had such an abundant
supply of the raw material early gave her
a conspicuous place in iron manufactures,

 

and to familiarity with this metal may
be due the fact that Sweden was quick
to take advantage of the railroad, the tele-
graph and. the telephone. In electrical
appliances she now claims second place

Ri

cea

 

recone

 

lavished upon suburban parka which can
be visited only occasionally.

It is a pity that space is not more often
reserved for these parks in the laying out
of towns, for the ground not only becomes
more valuable in proportion as theae small
parks are the more needed but the open-
ing of them in the heart of a city brings
a large yoearned increment to those who
own land adjacent to them.

FINNISH AUTONOMY.

We could not help noticing the contrast
between the market of Helsingfore and
those whieh wo visited in Asia, At the
former néatly dressed peasants, men and
women, exposed for sale from the end of
their carts a bountiful supply of vegetables,
moats, butéser, eggs and cheese,

The eggs were stamped with the name |

of the owner and the date of laying, the
butter was packed in woolen buckets of
various sizes and the cheese was of many
varietios. Some of the carts were filled
with stacks of black bread baked in large
flat cakes,

The radishes presented a temptation that
I was not able té withatand; the fondness
for them, restrained during the monthe of
travel through the Orient, overcame me,
and at the risk of being thought extrava-
gant I purchased five dozen at a gross
outlay of about five cents and lived high
until they were all gone.

The Finns are rejoicing over the autonomy
recently secured, and they have signalized
their partial independence by creating a
single parliamentary body whose repre-
sentatives are elected by the entire popu-
lation, male and female, above the age of
24. No one can understand the persistency
with which the Finns have struggled for
constitutional government without recalling
that as a part of Sweden their country long
enjoyed the right to representation in the
nation’s councils.

The people have always resented Russian
methods, and only a few years ago the
Governor-General sent from St. Petersburg
was assasainated by a young Finn who,
having thus given expréesion to his nation’s
hatred of despotism, immediately took
his own life. The death of the Governor
was followed by the suspension of such few
privileges as the people had been enjoying,
but when last year the whole of Ruasia
seemed about to. riage in rebellion the Czar
announced his willingness to grant all that
wee asked, and now'one can travel through
Finland without being harrassed by soldiers
or bothered about passports.

STOCKHOLAZS ISLAND SUMMER HOMES.

If Conatanti@opls tan claim to be the
natural capita hot the Eastern Hemisphere

AIVIEw OF BTOCKAHOLM.

among the nations. A large use has also
been made of the water power with which
j the country abounds, notably at Norrkap-
| ing, where an industrial exposition is now
in progress.

| THE COUNTRY'S PRODUCTS SHOWN.
We spent a day at this exposition for
| the purpose of gathering information in
| regard to industrial Sweden. While the
| agricultural display was not ready, the

exhibit of the products of the factory was ;

exceedingly interesting.

of all kinds and varieties, from heavy ma-
chinery to parlor ornamenta,
tion canned fruita were displayed, in an-
| other great rolls of Hnoleum and oilcloth,
| and in atill another textile fabrics. The
cloth was especially worthy ef notica, be-
ing of superior quality and of every shade
| and color.

There was also a complete assortment
| of dairy implements and farm tools.
| skilful is the Swedish artisan that
International Harvester* Company has re-
cently established a branch factory at
Norrkoping, and with the aid of American
foremen is preparing to manufacture
reapers and mowers there, not only for
| Sweden, but for northern Europe.
| In addition to the machine made ex-
| hibits, there were specimens of the hand-
work of peasants and students. These
included many Varieties of needle work,
wood carvifg and decoration on leather
and bark.

Peasant girls in native costume presided
over these displays and gave the visitor a
glimpse of the picturesque garb naw fast
disappearing before the prosaic dress of
the cities. At Skansen, in the suburbs of

Stockholm, and at a few of the enterprising
!

 

atores this quaint costume may still be
seen, but it is not generally worn now even
in the country. ‘

There is a gallery at the Norrkoping ex-
position where one may see a collection
of Swedish and Danish art, the pictures
not only portraying the familiar’ features
and flaxen hair of the north, but recalling
the long nights and the winter scenes of
that latitude.

THE AVBRAGE OF INTELLIOBNCE HIGH,

Sweden was a pioneer in the matter of
universal education and: has at Upsala
a State university founded in 1477—fifteen
years before Columbus sailed for America,
She has also had a college of medicine

i for more than a hundred.yaars, and her
sons have taken high rank in all the de-
partments of sdience. =

Her grammar schools-run back to the
time of Gustavus Adolphus and her com-

THE SUN,-SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER

The articles shown included metal work |

In one sec. |

So |
the |

 
   

 

mon school system is almoat ag old: She
has given to the world among other things
the Sloyd system of teaching, which com-
bines manual training with mental instruo-
tion.

Sweden has shown by her. prominence
in Kterature, acience, art and music that the
bigher altitudes do not chill the imagina-
tion or repress genius, and yet the country
is even more noted for the high average of
intelligence among the people than for the
extraordinary accomplishments of a few.

The Swedish language contains 60 many
words that resemble the English that tho
Swedish newspaper looka much more
familiar than the Greek or the Russian, but
it ia not always safe to rely upon the simi-
larity in! spelling. For instance, “rum”
means room, and when it appears in a win-
| dow or on a door it is only an innocent an-
snouncement that travellers can find accom-

modation’ within, The word “bad” maans
bath, and “kad rum” therefore is a familiar
sign in hotels.

|
|
|

SWEDEN'S SUFFRAGE QUESTION.

Sweden has her political problems, like all
the other nations, and just now her people
are absorbed in the question of extending
the suffrage.

The upper house ts an aristocratic body
composed of representatives of the wealthier
classes. In electing members of this body
a rich man’s vote counts for more than a
poor man’s vote, it being possible for the
richést person to have about ten times
as Mayy votes as the poorest. As might be
expected, the ppper house is conservative
and stands in the way of some of the reforms
pronosed by the more popular branch.

The last Ministry was a liberal one, but
resigned when the upper house defeated
the measure for the extension of the
suffrage. The new Ministry has at ite
head Mr. Lindmann, a businesa , who
represents the commercial and ative
| element, and his party is willing to accept
| an extension of the franchise provided

it is coupled with minority representation,
the aim being to increase the conservative
| strength in the lower house in order to pro-
| tect the upper house from attack.
| The Conservatives fear, and not without
reason, that an overwhelming Liberal
| majority in the popular branch would
| soon endanger the aristocratic character
| if not the very existence of the upper house.
) The situstion is interesting in that it in-
| dicates the growth of radicalism in the
} country. The Conservatives recognize this
jand are prepared to make concessions;
| they hope to retard the progress of the
! movement, but realize that they cannot
| defeat it entirely.
industrial questions are receiving con-
|

—_—

sideration in Sweden; laws concerning
child labor have been enacted, accident
| insurance ha; been provided and an oid

  
   

 

is being discussed. Atten-
tion is also being given to the housing
probiem in ,the cities, to farm aijotments
and to the establishment of labor bureaus
and boards of arbitration, The Gothenburg
license system is in operation in Sweden,
under which the sale of liquor, where the
sale is not entirely prohibited, is in the
hands of semi-official corporations. Whether
this system is responsible for it or not
may be open to question, but statistics
| show that there has been a large decrease
| in the sale of beverages containing a high

age pension

| percentage of alcohol.
! KING OBCAR A PROMOTER OF PRACE,
By the courtesy of the American Minister,
| Col. Graves, | had an oppertaunity to pay
my respects to King Oscar II. I was glad
! to do so for two reasons; first, because so
many of his former subjects have become
| American citizens; and second, because of
‘ the honorable part which he played in the
recent crisis which resulted In the separa-
tion of Sweden and Norway.

He is of powerful frame, and, though 77
years old, would pass fora much younger
man. He has a kindly face and rides about
| the city without a guard. A more ambitious
| monarch would have met Norway's demand
with armed resisiance, but he, recognizing
|

that the holding of Norway against the
| will of the people would involve his country
| in perpetual strife, advocated a peaceful
separation, provided the people of Norway

asked for it in unmistakable terms.
For thirty years he had been the sov-
ereign of both, and in his old age he could
not bear to see the two countries engaged
in a bloody conflict. He is just now oriti-
| cised by some who did not become san-
guinary until all prospect of war was past,
but he has the consolation of knowing that
his critics are not only alive but have no
dead relatives to mourn. Had he plunged
his country into war his critics could re-
mind him of vacant chairs at the fireside.

King Oscar has in @ most practical way

proved r of
and as such deserves t

 

 

peace
provided
by that great Swedish c , Alfred
Nobel. By giving conspicuous approval
to hia course the trustees of the Nobel fund
may be able to encourage other sovereigns

i

to, itate him.

 

Appreciative Critic.
From the Washington Star.
“I understand your wife lectured you for an
hour last night.”

“Yes,” answered Mr. Meekton. “She told
me about a few of my faults.” s *
“Didg’t it annoy you*”
n a way. You see, when a woman of
Henrietta’s gifts condereends to make. 6

l eneech it dees

Bendy yl Od geem a shame to have sucha

|

 

 

|

|

{

 

i SS SSS nse
ee 5 ee ees

COLORADO TO- HONOR: PIKE,
SERVICES TO THE NATION OF
PIKE'S PEAK'S DISCOVERER,

 

 

Achievements te Be Commemorated This
Week —Journey Aleng the Mivatapippt
and Inte New Mexico—-Pthe's Beok
a Cinesto of American Exploration.

The people of Colorado will celebrate
this week the achievements of Lheut. Zeb-
ulon M. Pike, who discovered the Rocky
Mountains of that State a hundred yeare
ago this fall.

The celebration will be held at Colorado
Springs and 4 long and varied ramme
has been prepared, in which the United
States and Colorado troops and. various
Indian tribes will participate. The splen-
did backgréund of these festivities qill
be Pike's Peak, which bears the name of its
discoverer. Pike firet’ saw these moun-
tains in November, 1808, but the time of
the gelebration has been fixed a little earlier
to avoid the approaching winter.

The work done by this brilliant young
soldier ie worthy of the highest bonor.
He was in hia twenties, a boy in years,
when he made his two great journeys. He
was only 84 when he was killed ip battle,
leading a charge against the British in the
War of 1812.

He had risen from the rank of Lieutenant
to Brigadier-General, and no soldier in the
country seemed to have & brighter future
before him when he fell; but had he lived
he might never have won prouder laurels
than those which securely belong. to him, .
Pike’s great opportunity came to him
im 1805. vaat territory included in the
Lovisiana Purchase had beem bought
with the people's money, and the whole
country was eager to know more about its
new domain. Lewis and Clarke were sent
by the President to trayerse the great un-

 

ZEBULON M PIKE.

known in the northwest. Pike was de-
spatched by the General in command of
the army, first up the Mississippi to near
its sources,and then up the Missouri and
to the mountains in the heart of the con-
tinent.

His expeditions were purely military
in their organization His companions
were detailed from the army, and the strict
discipline of their commander was one
of the large factors in the great success
he won. Here is an illustration of his
discipline.

In January, 1807, Pike and his little party
were near rerishing hundreds of miles
from succor among the Rockies. One
day he heard a soldier remark, so that all
might hear:

“It is more than human nature can bear
to march three days without food through
snow three feet deep and to carry loads
only fit for horses ”

Pike waited till camp was pitched and
then he called the men together and thanked
them for their obedience, perseverance and
contempt of every danger.

“But, Brown,” he went on, “you have
presumed to-day to use seditious and
mutinous language. This time! will pardon
you, for I attribute your conduct rather
to your distress than to an inclination to
sow discontent. But I warn you that if
you ever repeat such language you will be
punished by instant death.”

Pike's soldiers knew that he was always
ready to do more and suffer more than any
man under his command. They fully re-
spected him; he kindled their enthusiasm,
and this is among the reasons why one of
Pike’sa biographers was able to write the
honest truth that “considering his small
force and inadequate means no other man
ever contributed to the geographical knowl-
edge of the United States an amount com-
parable to that which the world owes to
the heroic efferta and indomitable per-
severance of Pike.”

We may sum up very briefly what he did.
Our countrymen knew practically nothing
of the actual course of the Mississippi
north of thesite of Des Moines, of the nature
and capabilities of the soil, of the Indian
tribes scattered along the river or the
possibilities of developing that region.

A few trappers and traders lived along
the river, but they knew little except their
own business and had little to say about
that. There were eighteen houses in
Prairie du Chien, and it was the only settle-
ment anywhere near the river north of St.
Louis. Pike's map, at the site of Dubuque,
bears the legend: “Mr. Dubuque’s house."

Along the mighty highway, through
this wilderness, Pike and his twenty men
paddled in their keel boat, seventy feet
long, provisioned for only four months
though they were to “make a survey of
the river to its source!”

At every bend in the river Pike noted
ite ohange in direction. He calculated his
distances by time and rate of travel; noted
on his route map and in his diary the
rivers, creeks, highlands, prairies, islands,
rapids, shoals, timber, water, soil and
Indian villages.

He made a special study of the tribes and
the fur question. He brought to the Indians
the firet ness of their Great Father, made
treaties with them in the name of the Gov-
ernment and was lost to sight for nine
months.

All his work above the Falla of St. Anthony,
where Minneapolis stands, waa done in
the dead of a Minnesota winter, with no
food but game, amid incredible hardships
and with the larger part of his force left
behind in camp’ disabled. He explored
the river to h Lake, about thirty miles
east of ite real source, and the special re-
porte he made on the information he ool-
lected were among the most valuable geo-
graphical dooumente of his time.

Pike made a treaty with the Sioux by
which the Government came into possession
of about 100,000 acres of land along the
river from the mouth of the St, Croix to
three miles above St. Anthony Falls. He
naively reported that the treaty cost him
$200 in presents, including whiskey and
tobacco and the private bribery of two
high priced chiefs.

But it is Pike's second and still greater
expedition to the great Rockies of Colorado
that will be most in mind at this week's
celebration. His party was toiling over
the high plateau on - November 16; 1806,
when he saw what looked lie 4 emall blue

  

cloud on hie right, and he thought it might
be a mouhtain.
‘Half an hour later Pike's Peak appeared

in full view, with many other summits,
and his email party gave obeers for
the “Mexican Mounteines.” Pike wrote

correctly that they are a part of the great
mountain system that divides the waters
of the Atlantic from thoee of the Pacific.

Pike named the highest of the mountains
Grand Peak, but his countrymen in later
years attached his own name to it, From
the top ofa lo mountain he got bis best
view of it, and he tells why he did not at-
tempt to climb the higher mountain.

It was at least fifteen miles from him and
as high again as the eummit on. whicb he
stood. In the sorry condition of his men
he could not spare a day to reach its base
apd he did not believe morta] man could
reach its top. The upper part of it was
bare of vagetation and covered-with snow.

ike’s instructions on this journey were
to‘ascend the Miasouri and then strike out
for the fountainheads of the Arkansas
and Red rivers, for no one knew where
they came from. He was hunting for the
sources of the Arkansas when he discovered
the mountains and stood face to face with
Pike's Peak.

Then, through. a terrible winter of want
and misery he sought for the Red River
and he made a curious but still lucky
blunder.

He passed to the west of the Red River
sources and missed them entirely. Lost
among the mountains and floundering
through the snow, he reaghed a river in
pat | which he thought must be the
object of his quest. He was starting down
the river when he was suddgnly confronted
by 100 Mexican troops, who asked him where
he was going. i

“Down the Red River,” said Pike.

*This ia not the Red River. This is the
upper Rio Grande.”

Pike ordered his flag down and folded it.
He knew he was in Mexican territory (now
Ney Mexico).

He was suspected of entering foreign
territory to spy out the land and he and
his party were taken to Chihuahua, where
they were held for months. The result
was that Pike was able to add to his long
descriptions of Colorado geography and
the many new Indian tribes he met in this
part of our new domain a vivid and lively
description of the religions in New Spain,
and of the manners, morals and politics
of its people, concerning which we were
very ignorant,

Pike's large book is one of the classics
of American exploration. It was repub-
lished in England and appeared in Paris in
a French version. In 1806 it was reprinted
at home with copious notes in two volumes
under the editorship of Dr. Elliott Coues.

TESTS FOR MUSHROOMS.

All the Popular Metheds for Telling Poison-
ous Kinds Found Wanting.
From the Lancet.

The distinctions between edible and pois-
onoug mushrooms are Usually based on em-
pirical grounds, with the result that mistakes
of a serious nature may, and often do, occur.
The subject has recently received the atten-
tion of Prof. Labesse, who hes described
the characters whereby edible and poisonous
mushrooms are distin guished in various locali-
ties. Many popular tests for determining the
wholeaomeness or otherwise of a mushroom
are based on color, odor, teste and texture;
on the presence of rose colored lamelle or a
milky juice; on the situation in which the
fungi grow, and on the action of the mush-
rooms on various substances, including gold
and silver coine, milk and onions.

Thus, according ta one popular potion,
mushrooms having a blue, vielet, green or
red oolor are unfit for food, but this teat would
exclude many wholesome fungi, including
the green Russula and the green Clytocybe.
It has been said that only mushrooms which
do not change color when cut are good to eat,
but Lactarius delioioeus, some species of Bo-
letus, and many other mushrooms which
change color are perfectly harmless, while,
on the other hand, Amanita muscaria and
some other fungi which do not change color
when cut’ should be avoided.

Prof, Labesee points out that the presence
of an agreeable odor ig not an infallible test of
a good mushroom, a8 @ species of Amanita
( Amanite phalloide) is especially dangerous in
spite of its pleasant odor. There is adictum
among certain amateur gatherers that a
good mushroom has @ grateful teste. This
test is useful in many casea, but not in ali-—
e. g., l'Amanite phalloide and la feusse Oronge
(Amanita muscaria) are scarcely bitter, but
quite unfit for eating.

As regards texture it is generally regarded
that compact, brittle mushrooms, with a dry
skin, are edible, but Prof..Labesase considers
thie to be a mere prejudice, asthe eating of
certain species of Russula would seriously
indispose any one placing confidence in these
characters. Mushrooms with rose colored
lameliw are usually considered to be edible,
but this is a false notion, some species of Vol-
varia and other polsonous fungi possessing
this character. Mushrooms with a milky
juice are regarded as dangerous by some col-
lectors, but this rule must not be followed
too literally as many excellent members of
the genus Lactariua would thereby be ex-
cluded.

The situation in which mushrooms grow is
avery uncertain criterion of edibjlity. Thus,
it would be dangefous to regard al) mushrooms
arowipg in ows, open fields and road-
sides as good, since many suspect kinds
arow in auch places. n the other hand
mushrooms growing in coniferous woods and
under trees generally have been condemned,
but the succulent Lactarius denice rows tu
coniferous weeds and the edible’ Pholiota
grows under poplars, while species of hel-
vella and Hydrum, which flourish in shady
woods, form a whelesome dish

The blackening of a gol

 

oF silver coin cr

ring does not prove a mushroom to be pois-
onous; the blackening is generally due to more
or less decay in the mushroom, as fresh mush-

rooms, whethér poisonous or not, fai] to black-
en these metals. e curdiing of milk by
mushrooms is another property which has
nothing in common with toxicity, the cause of
the curdling being attributable to the pres-
ence of an acid or a ferment. An old custom
consisted in dipping a white onion or a clove
of garlie into the cooking vessel containing
the mushrooms and noting whether the latter
turned brown or not, The presumption that
only noxious mushrooms are turn brown
by this treatment ie not justifiable, since some
son-polsonous varieties do change color in
this way w peau paranase varieties do not.
It is a common ef that slugs and insects
attack edible mushrooms, but this is by no
means universally true, aa the deadly Amani-
tas are attacked by slugs, while many_ whole-
some fungi are respected by these depreda-

tors

The teste so far described are largely of
a rule-of-thumb nature, but another test
which has received wide acceptance depends
upon the fact that many poisonous funai are
surrounded by a velum universale, notable
examples being the intensely poisonous sub-
enera Volvaria and Amanita and the puff-

alls.. But, like all other rules, this ia open

to ex@>ptions, including the genus a aricus, |
to which the common myshroom, A. cam-

atris, belongs. rof. considers
hat there are no practica empirical means
by yew gmateure may with confidence
gecko whether an unknown fungus ts good
oO eat,

There ia often a rik, taken in eating mush-
rooms, and those whodo not wish to inoyr the
risk are reminded by Prof. Labesse of the
method adopted by Gérard in 1850. He boiled
the mushrooms for some time in salt water,
threw away the water, and exp
rooms to the air. e his family for
nearly a month upon all kinds of poisonous
mushrooms treated in this way and found
them to be nutritions, though be palatable
than mushrooms cooked in the ordinary way.
Prof, Labease suggests that not more t!
mushroom in ten is poisonous, and that the
best test consiata in rejecting those which
have a ring at the base of the stipe. Deadly
mushrooma aa 4 rule possess a ring or annulus
consisting of the remains of the Velum partiale
which covers the young mushroom and is
rectures during growth, In order to apply
this test the mushrooms must be gathered
with care.

Unfortunately, in rejecting mushrooms
possessing this character some excellent vari-
eties are rejected in addition to the commonest

olsonous varieties. Amateurs 6 know
he characters of the mushrooms w grow
in their nelapbornoed restr tl en
to certain kinds whieh they know to be Aide,
end ln ences of doubt ould abetain

  
   
  
 

— = .
ONCLE SAM'S SCHOOL FOR HENS
QUEST FOR A BREED THAT Witt
LAY BUT WON'T SET.
Perhaps An him to. Oe Hen's Vanity
Will Induce Mer te Let the Incubator

Bo the Werk That New Interitere
With Kgs Preduction—it's on ‘Triai,

WasHIn ron, Sept. 22.—The United States
Government has turned ita attention to the
long neglected duty of educating the Ameri.
can hen. As an abstract proposition the
American hen ie admitted to have admirable
qualities, but examination of her character.
igtice at close tange shows certain short.
comings which can be obliterated only by
thorough course under a careful tutor

It is for this reason that the United States
Government has just opened a school for

| hens at St. Denis. The particular line of
etudy to which the institution is to devote
ite energies is in association with the lay.
ing of eggs. Prof. Robert H. Slocum, a
doctor of eggology of exceeding great

| fame, ia president of the institution. He
is now installed at St. Denis with a select
faculty and a large number of pupils

The necessity for a school for the educa.
tien of the hen in the art of laying eggs

arises from the failure of the bird tw keep
abreast of this progressive age. Siow
to abandon the traditions of her race, the
hen bas ignored the presence of the in-
cubator among civilized peoples and con-
tinued to persist in both laying and hatching

|
consists of white Plymouth Rocks and it is
said by Prof. Slocum to be a bright and

| promising collection. The first work at-
tempted with these freshmen was with the

| moist and dry mash systems of feeding

and the self-feeding hoppers. ‘

The claas of seventy-five hens was equally

distributed in three sets, each with a siil-
able house and yar‘. @ conditions o!
taining in each colony are the same as in
the olen. with the exception of the feeding

arrangement.

The hens in colony No. 1 are receiving
mares and night a mixture of whole or
orac grain scattered on the ground
and at noon a moistened mash. The same
menu is served to colony No, 2, except (hat
the noon mash ia dry.

 

 

OgRs.

The mission of Prof. Slocum and his abie
faculty is to persuade the ben that man is
perfectly capable of attending to the hatch-
ing end of the business if she will devote
ber time and energies to the production of
the eggs. For the time being, at least, man
is forced to admit that the ben has a mo-
nopoly of egg making.

t has been shown by various experi.
ments that the hen can, under encouraging
conditions, lay a great many more eggs
than she does under norma! circumstances,
The great stumbling block has always been
the instinctive propensity to hatch out a
brood of little chicks which every now
and then asserts itself in the hen breast.

This results in loss of time and a falling
off in the egg supply, with a consequent
bull movement in the market that affects
custard pie prices and the current quota-
tions for omelets. A sound and stable
basis with a minimum of fluctuation is the
desideratum from a commercial standpoint
and Prof. Slooum's task is to make this
possible.

Individual efforte to wean the hen from
her desire to sit have been frequent and
of a wonderfully varied character. Every
farmer's boy knows the trick of tying a
piece of red flannel to the hen’s right hind
leg to break her of her desire to sit.

The of the bit of gaudy cloth
has the effect of distracting the hen’s atten-
tion from every other ambition than that
of getting rid of the unusual adornment,
and ehe will spend days in whirling about
in circles in her endeavors to pick out the
knots in the flannel. Another method is
to place the hen in an apartment in which
there are not the necessary facilities for
indulging her inclinations.

Still another is to remove all eggs upon
which the designing hen might elect to sit,
All these plans and others have proved
successful in but a limited degree, and as
the outcome of all reseanch and study the
conclusion has been reached that the ce-
sired end ia to be obtained only through
an appeal to the bird's reason, and perhaps
to her vanity.

The fundamental principles upon which
Prof. Slocum’s work is proceeding includes
the universally recognized fact that there
is deep down in the heart of every creature
a desire to excel. He holds, therefore,
that if be can train one hen to lay incessantly
and without interruption for sitting pur-
poses other hens thrown in dailv contact
with this pacemaker will be stirred to
equal if not to exceed her acoomplish-
ments.

‘Lhus in time the entire community of
hens will be engaged in a laudable egg
laying contest to which they will 60 assidu-
ousiy devote themselves that they will
abandov all thought of sitting and hatcb-
ing. Heredity is looked to to care for tne
rest. .

The eggs produced by these egg laying
rivals after being hatched in incubato
are expe to nt @ generation o
gm inspired only with an ambition to

y. Thus in time a race of hens will have
been secured that will know no more about
the cares of brood raising than they dc of
Sanskrit, and care as Hitt.

This experimental college, for it has
just been opened and must be regarded
as experimental until later advices give
some assurance of ite success, is under the
direct charge of the gnima! husbandry
office of the bureau of anima! industry
of the Department of Agriculture. The
course of instruction begins in the case of
each chicken with an appeal to the appetite.
It is an accepted fact that certain foods
fed under certain conditions act as incentive
to the laying hen to pursue her vocation
with zeat.

The class that has just matriculated

Colony No. 3 has more ample opportiin it’
to indu ita appetite. Ita food is not
scattered abroad, but isaupplied to the hens

| in self-feedin hoppers, one of which is
| open day and night, and there is no re-

| atriction as to the time of eating or the
quantity of food eaten. All mash served
to this colony is dry.

While there will always be ample nest
facilities for the hens as long aa they #0”
| a diaposition tolay, a gentle but firm hand
| will be Jaid upon them when they indicate
aw eas for the ancient and @
but now wholly unnecessary art of si't
Every influence will be brought to |
to turn them from any such inelina!
| and it isaaid bythe members of the fa
that when a hopeless case is found she
be immediately pitched over the baryon!
fence that she may not prove a had ex-
ample for the others.

several feeding conditiona are °t-
pected to prove which is most advantages
| to the proper cultivation of the eterna

roneral
nade
ar

unity
f)

}

 

| laying spirit, and when this has been ‘'°-
termined it in believed the work of reanng
a race of constant layers will proceed » th

renewed vigor and amplified results

That no advantage may be Jost the ool-
lege is provided with a large supply
inowbators, in which will be hatched (he
eggs laid by the non-setting species, 4 d

rtioular paine will be taken by the jr°-
‘eesors with the chicks whith com
from these. In three or four generations
it is expected that the descendants of the
first class will be wholly weaned from 4!!
sitting notions, and these three or for
genérations should be the product «' 4
couple of years time.

Then the country will be in the enioy-

ment of as 6 of hen that will defy he
efforts of scheming manipulators to core’
the market at Faatertide or to min “Pp
the pane of eggbread in November. |'"°'*
Sem expects evéry ben to-do her duty.

n

,veerrer-