5 arm 8 8 Oe —

wa tiewe*

 
 
   
 
   

   
   
 

bt Re

q

 
 

AN EMPIRE WITHOUT POVERTY

DREAM OF THE ECONOMISTS FUL-
FILLED IN THE WEST.

 

 

 

he Vast Grain Field Where There Are Ne
Poorhouses, Neo Fresh Air Fund, Ne
charity Work, Because None Is Needed
—Universal Rule That of Prosperity.

Kansas City, Mo., Sept. 22.—*And the
Poor Commissioner, who is he?”

A list of county officials of a Middle West
county was being made, and many had
been named.

*We have none,” was the reply. Then
@ith a emile, “for several years no one
ved on the county farm but the superin-
tendent, so we sold the farm and discharged
the manager. Now this county has no poor

One
"hea what do you do with the people in
peed, is there.”

“Don't have any. The folks all seem
to be able to take care of themselves. They
never ask any help from the county, unless
they are sick. Then the neighbors care
for them or the authorities.”

This was out in the shortgrass country,
the high plains, once the American Desert.
In the county, with more. than 800 square
miles of area, live nearly 10,000 people,
and not a mendicant, not a semblance of
peed, is there,

It is a fair example of the empire where
poverty enters not, where the well to do
are possessors of the soil. It is an example
of the land with the highest average of
prosperity the world has ever known, an
average that has been immensely increased
in the lasteight years and has never before
reached so high a figure as to-day.

The dream of the economist is a land
without poverty. The ambition of the
statesman is a people without Want, able
to obtain those necessaries the use of which
wil] permit them to maintain a state of
physical efficiency. The dwellers on’ the
great plains of America approach near to
that ideal.

From the Missouri River to the Rocky
Mountains, from Canada down to the new
State of Oklahoma is one vast grain field.
It is the home (of agriculturists and of
people whose prosperity depends directly
on the products of the farm. To be sure,
there are mines and oil and manufacturing;
but the staple resource of the region is
the farm.

When the orops fail the general income
languishes, and this is the test of a com-
munity's business basis. In all that terri-
tory are only three large cities, Omaha,
Kansas City and the Minneapolis-St. Paul
gettiement. St. Louis, though on the west
side of the river, does not belong in the
Prairie State catalogue. Denver is primar-
ily a mining centre.

Each of these cities is remarkably pros-
perous; each of them has more work for
jaborers than there are laborer for
hire; each is building and extending ite
limita as never before, The problem of the
poor, the struggle of the tenement house
and the efforts of organized charity are
little known.

Poverty is unperoeived because the op-
portunity for wage earning is, and has been,
present in these rapidly developing com-
munities, advancing as they have from
villages to cities of 150,000 to 300,000, in
practically uninterrupted progression. The
construction of municipal improvements,
the erection of stores, public buildings and
dwellings, the multitude of other improve-
ments, added to the manufacturing in-
dustries, gave all not physically incapaci-
tated a chance.

“Have you a fresh air fund or plan for
open air outings * wasasked of some church
workers in op® of the West's bustling

oewby shoul we?” was the reply, “when
a walk of a ©w blocks takes any one to the
fields and rinning streams? This is only a
great big @untry town, after all.”

A big ®untry town—perhaps that best
expresse the present day condition of the
Weatery cities, those that form the centres
of poplation for the inland empire. They
retairsome of the freshness and the heart
integst of smaller municipalities and of
the>pen lands.

jore true is it of the middle class cities
tht are scattered, two or three in a Btate,
ger the level leagues, gaining sustenance
rom local agricultural surroundings. They

are indeed big country towns.

On their boulevards one sees in summer
evenings happy families stowed away in
comfortable surreys; coatless husbands
lounging on lawns they themselves have
mowed; neighbors visiting on the porches
along the best residence street as well as in
the farthest suburb.

Past the finest houses in the town roll
the automobiles aad along the same streets

/ roll perambulators pu shed by workers in
the creamery or in the carriage factory.
It is a democratic procession that makes
up the moving picture and you wonder
where are the poor of this community
of 40,000 people.

“You mean the colored population?”
suggests your host. “Needn’t worry about
them. They are getting along all right.
We would be glad to pay the women four
or five dollars a week as servants, but they
will not work forus. They say they do not
havetodothat. They can work by the day

° half the time and make more money. So
we hire them by the day part of the time
and do our own work the remainder of the
week. Poverty? Go into their homes.
Some of them have pianos; organs are
common—they don’t suffer.”

“But you give to charity?”

“Of course. Occasionally a family is
found that needs help. The father or
mother is ill, death or accident has lessened
the income. When that happens and it
is known supplies are forthcoming in
abundance and the needy ones are well
cared for. We do not have any suffering
poor with us in any other sense.”

So it is in other small cities, Des Moines,
Dubuque, Lincoln, Wichita, Topeka, Sioux
Falls, Fargo, Pueblo, Guthrie, Muskogee.
Up and down the plains region, travel from
one busy capital to another, from one busi-
ness centre to another, it is all the same
@Sorv

Are all rich? No, not even a considerable
portion rich, as the world goes. The list
of millionaires places less than a dozen in
all this empire of as many States, and it is
Probable that the wealth of some of these
bas been overestimated.

But in these towns there is no fringe of
that desolation orof poverty stricken depend-
ence which mark equally large cities of the
Eastern States. Every resident enjoys a
familiar acquaintance with green grass,
flowers, pure air and sunshine; every one
in good health has sufficient to eat and
Wear without dependence on alms.

Then come the villages and small towns—
Most of them dignifying themselves in due
‘Western boastfulness with the title city.
They may have only 150 inhabitants or
the census taker may find 5,000 to 10,000.
In neither event does he find réminders
of pinched resources nor lack of neces-
aries.

Take a typical community of 5,000
People out in central Kansas. It is the cen-
tre of an average farming community. In
it are twenty-four church organizations
aad seventeen lodges.

pe ae eM

 
  
 
 
 
    
  
 
    

saree

It has been through a boom and recovered
and has the usual social difficulties attend-
ing a settlement where everybody is familiar
with his neighbor's business. This is the
extent of ite charity work.

Each Thankagiving Day at a union service
tm one of the churches is taken a collection
for the city mission fund. This amounted
last year to $34.00, the year preceding to
$37. A committee, consisting of two mem-
bers from each of half a dozen leading
churches, works with the city officials, that
none of the needy may be missed.

The principal expenditure is in buying
baskets and sending them to
the families of widows or to the aged as
reminders of the day. -

“Occasionally some immigrant is stranded
here as be goes with his family across coun-
try in his white covered wagon,” explained

the chairman of the committee. “We helped
two cases last year. Some families
with li children where the parents are

ill have been assisted, but we have not
spent all our money this year, nor did we
last year.”

“But do not the town and county spend
something for charity?”

“Yes, and there is a poor farm; but it has
only seventeen inmates, all of them there
because infirm, sick or aged. It is really
a hospital. It has steam heat and bath-
rooms, and is more a home than a publio
refuge. The city marshal sometimes takes
food or coal to families in town, but it is
when sudden misfortune has visited the
because of poverty in the
the word.”

This was: characteristic of other towns
im which inquiries were made. Many of
even a better record, not having
many railroads and so escaping the
trampdom that guides its movements by the
direction of lines of ties.

The tramp problem, closely allied as it
is to poverty, exists ‘in the plains region
as elsewhere. While distances are ex-
pansive and opportunity for securing work
so numerous as to be impertinent the
procession of able bodied men loafs along
the highways and halts in the parks and
groves. .

Questioned, most of the members of the
Guild of the Wandering Foot will say they
are bound for the “Coast,” or are “going
East to the wife's folks.” Many towns
have ordinances making the giving of alms
to strangers an offence, specifying that
beggars shall be sent to the city authori-
ties.

In summer when the farmers are begging
for help in the harvest it is aggravating to
see able bodied men living their irre-
sponsible life and refusing $2 a day and
board for work in the wheat flelds. Kan-
eas aské for 25,000 workers in harvest every
summer, Nebraska uses 15,000 and the
Dakotas as many more.

Farmers of all these States find it
more difficult each year to obtain help for
their farms and thousands are selling out
or renting their land and moving to town
because of this shortage of farm labor. So
long as he who will work can till land of his
own and make more profit than he can
serving others this condition will continue
and it.disposes of any possibility of real
poverty in agricultural communities.

The exception in securing farm labor is
the large ranch where much help is needed.
Here grows up a comradeship that holds
the men, and, as wages are high, seldom
is it difficult to keep employees—for life on
Western ranches is far from being barren
or burdensome. Indeed, it has a fascina-
tion and a charm that attract even those
who could make better incomes by being
their own masters.

The small Western town seems to the visi-
tor to offer little chance to earn a livelihood.
The store is so very small, the hotel is so
very cheap—ae dollar a day is the top price,
charged only to transient outsiders; dur-
ing the harvest aeason the shops seem so
sleepy and the streets so deserted.

But talk with a business man and you
will find that every individual has a mission.
Many of the men are running farms just
outside the town; some of the shops are
branches of bigger ones at the county seat;
the hotel proprietor also runs the livery
stable and charges well for his teams which
are kept busy carrying drummers to the
next village.

The streets may be deserted at midday,
but on Saturday afternoon, when the farmers
come in to shop, every hitching post will be
in use: and every store will be filled with
customers. :

Not only are these towns free from poverty
in its usual sense but they offer to the well
to do dweller an uncommon advantage, one
not comprehended by the city resident of
the metropolis. —

 

EAGLE CHATTERS HIS TEETH.

Uw. S. Comer! Saye Pan-American Rellway
Is Only a Dream.

Our former Consul to Para grows almost
hysterical when any one says “Pan-Ameri-
can.” He coruscates puns. He even pro-
vides the American eagle with teeth.

The great “Pan-American railway” is a
beautifully taking conception, he sarcasti-
cally exclaims in Collier's. The American
eagle shivers in every pin feather and his
teeth chatter with delight at the mere sug-

ion.

But however glorious this may be for the

American eagle, when the average
American citizen proposes to send his own
private “ten dollar eagles” a-railroading,
especially a-pan-railroading, he wants to
know how it is going to pan out and where
the “pan” is going to dump after the “scoop”
is made and where the eagle is going to
light when he comes down.

Except on extensive plains the rule of
railroad building is to: follow the water
courses, where nature has already done all
the necessary grading.

The Pan-American railway dreamer pro-
poses to shove a railway more than five
thousand miles lengthwise through moun-
tains from Panama to Patagonia, cutting at
right angles every valley and hill for thou-
sands of miles, through a nearly uninhabited
region the greater part of the distance. It
is perfectly safe to predict that no railroad
will be built along that route very soon.

A continuous line of railway may some
time in the far distant future be in operation
from New York to Buenos Ayres, but it will
never be used for carrying through freight
between those points. As long as half an
ounce of coal can be made to move a ton of
ore a mile on the open ocean no born
Yankee is going to send his freight by rail
fe the Amazon Valley or to Rio or to Buenos

yres.

Consolation for the Artist.

From the Youth's Companion.

The late Lord Leighton, president of the
Royal Academy, once had a chance to learn
something about himself that perhaps he
had not suspected. His chance came to him
at a picture gallery, where his painting

“Helen of Troy” was on exhibition.
He joined a group of ladies who were
standing before it just in time to hear one of

whe. er Dl ure—simply horrid!”
. mn ‘sorry, bet tt’ miner Lord Leighton
exclaimed involuntar' ly. :
ines enacts de eras tade, ees
One, [painted It,” the t humbly re-
pies criti lady was momentarily abashed ;
y:

then she sa ‘mind what I say.”

 

 

seer asian

  

 

     

BOZzZzY'’s LOVE STORY.
Carious Gidelights on the Manners of the
Eighteenth Century.

Auguatin Filon in the Fortnightl, Review.

T have been recently introduced to a new
Boswell—a Boswell. without Johnson, a Bos-
well who is in love, or very near to it, and in
great danger of being loved himself by one
of the most charming and brilliantly gifted
women Who ever lived, For that unexpected
pleasure I am indebted to Professor Philippe
Godet of Neuchatel and to his new book on
“Madame de Charriére et ses Amis.”

One of the opening chapters tells us how

 

Isabelle van Tuyll, and was for 60
Prominent figure in the group of admirers
who surrounded the Dutch beauty. Isabelle
Possessed every advantage which could at-
tract the attention of a young man of twenty-
four. Her family was one of the noblest in
the land, with sufficient means to keep ite
rank ard dignity. Isabelle, or, as she was
familiarly called, Belle, was not regularly
pretty, but the ever changing expression of
her bright, eager face, her winning smile,
her large sea green eyes, the wealth of her
fair hair, cut short after a fashion of her own,
her graceful figure and easy deportment,
all concurred to make her extremely attractive,
as her portrait, painted by Latour shortly after
she had met Boswell, still bears witness.

She had a perfect mastery of the French
language. We have abundant proof that she
could speak and write in English almost
equally well. She had studied classical lan-
guages, history, and mathematics; in paint-
ing and musio she had attained to a proficiency
far above the average. Before she was
twenty-five she had become an authoress
by publishing a novelette of a marked sa-
tirical character, which had aroused much
adverse criticism in polite circles at The
Hague and Utrecht. “Le Noble,” in a few
pages teeming with trenchant and merciless
wit, exposed the vices of an idle and corrupt

e time a

aristocracy.

The good people of Utrecht had other

‘causes for wondering and gossiping about

Mile. de Zuylen’s eccentricities, which were
many and startling. In anage in which every
word, every gesture of an unmarried woman
was regulated by a tyrannical etiquette, she
showed an open disregard of social conven-
tionalities, even, it was whispered, of common
proprieties. She made the most pungent
and disparaging remarks about ladies of high
rank; she addressed men freely without wait-
ing to be addressed by them; she received her
friends of both sexes, sometimes late at night,
in her own foom, even when she was in bed
or dreasing or undressing. What would the
people have said, I wonder, if they had known,
as we do, that she was, unknown to her
parents, carrying on a correspondence with
Colonel d’Hermenches, a middle aged married
man, who wished to get rid of his wife by
divorce? .To this witty but stony hearted
profligate she confided unreservedly her inner
feelings, her most secret inclinations.

From 1760 to 1770 there was an uninter-
rupted défilé of pretenders of all ages, condi-
tions and tempers, from a royal prince and a
reigning rhingrave down to an attainted lord
and a decayed French marquis, who wished
to repair his ruined castles with the money
of the Tuyl! family. Some came and went.
Some were always on the point of coming,
but never came at all. It may be imagined
that they wore frightened away by what they
saw or by wat they heard.

Such was the situation of affairs when Bos-
well appeared on the acene.

Like Belle van Zuylen, James Boswell was
of noble birth. One of his ancestors had re-
ceived the estate of Auchinleck from King
James IV. of Scotland, and had been among
the glorious dead at Flodden Field. His
father, Lord Auchinleck, was a Judge, and
earnestly desired to see his son devote him-
self to the legal profession. To this James
Boswell demurred. It is said that when a lad
he had shown some inclination to become a
Romish priest. Later on he wanted his father
to buy him a commission in the Guards—
not, indeed, that he had any taste for the
military profession, but in order that he might
be permitted to live in London and to move
in the best and highest circles of society,
At last he resigned, or pretended to resign,
himself to be a lawyer, but I fancy that when
he consented to go to study law in Utrecht
during two years he never meant seriously to
adhere to the compact, but simply meant to
extract fram Lord Auchinleck the yearly
allowance which he needed to live and travel
on the Continent.

What sort of a fellow was he at the time?
“A very good humored, a very agreeable,
and a very mad gentleman.”

Thus does David Hume describe him in a
letter to a friend dated January 12, 1746. “Very
mad.” These fwo words seem to have im-
pressed the writer of the article on James Bos-
well in the “Dictionary of National Biography”
to auch an“extent that he made all other par-
ticulars fit in with them, and so contrived to
give us a view of young Boswell's moral dis-
position in the "60s of the eighteenth century
totally different from, if not radically oppo-
site to, the real Boswell as he appears in his
after life and in his own letter, which will
be soon under the eyes of the reader. To
Hume's judgment we may oppose that of

‘another man of equal discernment, Adam

Smith, He had been Boswell's teacher, and
told him once, several years before the stay
at Utrecht, that “he was too wise, too sys-
tematic for a young man.” What proofs,
then, can be afforded of his “madness”? Is
it thet when a child he fancted himaelf to he
a Jacobite, but changed his mind and con-
sented to drink King George's health on the
offer of a shilling given by one of his uncles?
1 venture to think that, on the contrary, every
Scotaman and every Scotawoman will con-
sider this as a mark of an early practical wis-
dom and a good augury of future success. Is
{t that when a boy of eighteen he fell des-
perately in love with a girl known to us only
by the letters 8. Wt? But who has not been
desperately in love at that tender age? Laatly,
is it that he visited Paoli in Corsica and in-
terviewed him on his past life and his plans
or that he escorted Thérése Levasseur, Rous-
seau’s mistress, to England? This would be
the most glaring of all mistakes. Boswell
was born un curieur (I am surprised that
the word does not exist in English, since the
fault—or the quality—in decidedly eharacter-
istic of this nation). He was fond of ap-
proaching and studying celebrities. Before
he finally attached himself to Samuel John-
son he had made friends with David Hume,
Adam Smith, Voltaire, Rousseau and Paoli,
the hero of Corsican independence. A com-
bination of enthusiasm, self conceit and good
sense, a virtuous and honest prig, a meddler
if you like—I mean a meddier of the good
sort, for he liked to oblige apd help—but a
most sober and right minded man, I believe.
When he met Mile. de Zuylen he was already
regulating all his actions, as he will soon ex-
plain, by self imposed rules, more tyrannical,
it may be, than any of the social conventions
against which she was in open revolt. If I
were writing a novel (a ain which I have com-
mitted too often, but I shall not do it again),
nothing would be easier for me than to im-
agine the peculiar kind of flirtation which
took place between these two strange crea-
tures, equally wilful, equally infatuated with
their own conception of life. The duel be-
tween man and woman commonly called love
must have umed in their case one of ita
unwonted and most interesting aspects. Like
all mad girls, she was attracted toward rea-
sonable men. Six years later she married
a philosopher, who was,fond of mathematics,
and both had to atone for the mistake. But
it was not in Boswell’s nature to be domesti-
cated in the same war. No, not by a woman.
fo he strenuously resisted the charm. Her
conduct was full of contradictions. She
corresponded with him, but she let him see
at the same time that she was corresponding
with other# Without mentioning any name
she spoke of a certain gentleman of whom
she was thinking three times aday. Boswell
retaliated by saying that he could not marry
her but would like to see her married to his
best friend.

So they fenced with one another for some
months. To the young man Belle seemed a
puzzle, a living problem. What was she
driving at? What were her real feelings?
Was she g flirt, or a passionate woman? Did
she love too, little, or too much? In either
case she was a peril, and could hot agree with
his Scotcp notions of a wife. Besides, it
would never do to be entamgied in an early

bo

‘duct during ¢

James Boswell, during his stay at Utrecht in
the winter of 1764, became acquainted with

[

iA MeL
NR
eye ae

"

  

engagement while the world had still so many
curiosities and celebrities in reserve for him.
So, perfectly unmindful of hie duties as a law
student, he fled to Berlin, from which piace
he dated a letter of seventeen pages, of which
I give copious extracts, with scrupulous
adherence to Boswell's spelling and punctua+
tion: '
: Denim, July Oth, 1764.

MY Dean ZeLtpe—Be not angry for not writing
to my fair friend before now. You know I am &
man of form, a man who says to himself Thus will
I act, and acts accordingly. In short, a man sub-
jected to dtsacipline, who has bis Orders for his con-
day, with as much exactness a6
any Soldier in any service, And who gives these
Orders? [I give them. Boswell when cool and
sedate fixes rules for Boswell to live by in the com-
mon course of life. Boswell mht be dissipated
and forget the distinctions between right and
wroftg, between propriety and impropriety. I own
to you that this method of living according to &
Plan, may sometimes be inconvenient, and may
even cause me to err. When such a man as I am,
employs his great Judgment to regulate email
matters, methinks he resembles « Giant washing
teacups or threading @ needle, both of which oper-
ations would be much better performed by a pretty
ttle Miss. * * * Is it mot however @ groat
deal in favour of my candour that I own that Plans
may sometimes make one go wrong. Mr. Smith
whose moral sentiments you admire so much,
wrote to me sometime ago, “Your great fault is
acting upon System,” what a curious reproof to &
young man from a grave Philosopher! It is how-
ever ® just one, and but too well founded with
respect to me. For a proof of {t's justness I need
0 no farther than the letter which you are now
reading. It'was part of my system not to write
to Zélide ull my journey should be over. By my
following that system, you must be almost four
weeks without hearing 4 word from me. I willnot
pretend to doubt of your being sorry at this. I
have even vanity enough to make me view you in
tender attitudes of anxiety, such however as be-
come a friend. Love is @ Passion which you and I
have no thoughts of, at least for cach other.

Boswell, having indulged in freely criticte-
ing the letters received from her, excuses
himself by saying that sincerity is the priv-
flege and the duty of friends. He has been
always outspoken with his friends, and gives
a curious instance :

1 remember an officer of the British Army whom
T had a regard for, ruined himself by extravagance.
I was happy enough to save him from prison and
get him sent home to his friends. 1 was not rich;
Dut I had money enough to releitve him. At the
very time that I was talking to his Creditors, did
he propose some fancifull party of pleasure. This
hurt me most severely so that I cried out with tears
in my eyes, “Was there ever sue a good-for-noth-
ing fellow.” Thisofficer, Zélide, was a pretty man,
&@ man of genius, who wrote a comedy and wrote
verses, He had a fine figure; he wasa good Player
of Tragedy. He was generous, he waslively. Had
he been at Utrecht you would bave liked him much.
You would have corresponded with him after he
left you; and yet Zélide, this offices is an unhappy
Being, and a bad member of Society, merely from
the want of that sober quality Prudence, a quality
which you laugh at, altho’ It is of all qualitys tho
most essential.

Then Boswell grows lyrical:

Thou favourite of Nature, listen to thy friend.
Let Prudence be thy counsellor. Learn to be Mis-
tress of thyself. Learn to live and pray despise
not art. Art has taught thee to play so divinely
on the Harpsichord, Let her teach thee to modu-
late the powers of thy mind with equal harmony.
Talk not to me of Nature's charming ease
By which alone a woman ought to please,

Nature shoots forth rank weeds as well as fowers
And oft the nettle o'er the Lilly towers.

The buxom lass whom you may allways see

So mighty nat'ral and so mighty free,

A vulgar Bosom may with love tnsptre,

But Art must form the Woman I admire;

Art which usurps not beauteous Nature's place,
But adds to Nature's dignity and grace.

You see I am fn bigh spirits, for 1 give you herole
verses. © © ©

A sermon follows on the lyrical effusion.
Zélide is earnestly advised to give up her at-
tachment to pleasure.

You will say, perhaps, that I am preaching and
you will be heartily tired. However, you must
have a little more of It.

This is no vain threat. For he proceeds
to give her “useful hints” on religious mat-
ters. After expounding, at leisure, his views
on Christ’s divine mission, he puts her on her
guard against metaphysics, as all such apecu-
lations, dangerous even to a man, are ridicu-
lous in @ woman. “Study history, plain and
certain parte of knowledge, and, ebove. all,
endeavour toreliah the common affairs of life.”

Constaer my dear Zélide your many. rea’ ad-
vantages. You are a daughter of one of the first
familys in the Seven Provinces; you havea humber
of Relations of Rank. You have a very handsom
fortune, and 1 must tell you too that Zé}ide herself
is handsom.. You have a title to expect # distin-
guished marriage. ‘You may support 8 respected
and an-emteble character in life. Your genius and
your many accomplishments may div you great
hondur. But, take care, If those enchanting quall-
tys are not governed by Prudence, they may do
you a great deal of harm. * * °

He then volunteers some hygien\o rules for
the pregervation of her health. She must

keep regular habits; she ninst be. careful of |

‘her mind by employing it moderately.

f should think you should believe me. I am no
Clergyman. Iam no Physician. I am not even
a Lover. ‘I am just a gentléman upon hip travels
who has taken an attachment to you and who has
your happiness at heart, I may add a gentleman
whom you honour with your esteem.

Now Zétde~give me leave te rove you for
your Hbertine sentiments of which your letters to
me furnish several examples, You say that if
your husband and you loved each other gnly
little, “J’en aimerots surement un autre. Mon
ame est fatte pour des sentiments otf, Elie n'evitera
pas sa destin. ® ® e ° J’ aimerots asses
un mart qui me prendrott sur le pied de sa mae-
tresse. Je tut dirote se vregarders pas ta fidelte
comme un devoir. N'ayer que les dros @ ia
jatouste Gun amant.” My Zélide what fancies are
these? Is a mistress half so agreeable a name as
a Wife? Isa connection of love merely, equal to a
connection strengthened by @ variety of circum-
stances which have a pleasing influence on a sound
mind? I beseech you never indulge such Ideas.
Respect mankind. Respect the Institutions of
Society.

Some details of his stay in Berlin and of
the different people whom he met there are
here awkwardly introduced. Then he re-
turns to his subject.

As you and I Zélide are perfectly easy with each
other, I must tell you that I am vain enough to
read your letters in such 4 manner as to Imagine
that you realy was in love with me, as much as
youcan be with any man, I say was because Iam
much mistaken if It ts not over before now.

You have no command of yourself. You can
conceal! nothing. You seemed uneasy. You had
a fofeed merriment. The Sunday evening that I
left you, I could perceive you touched. But I took
no notice of It. From your conversation | saw very
well that I had a place tn your heart, that you re-
garded me with a warmth more than friendly.
Your letters showed me that you was pleasing
yourself with having at last met with the man for
whom you could havea strong and a lasting Passion.
But I am too generous not to undereive you. You
are sensible that I am a man of strict Probity.
You have told me ao. I thank you, I hope you
shall always find me so, * * * You tell me, “Je
ne vaudrois rien pour votre femme, Je n'ai pas les
talens suhalternes.” If by these talents you mean
the domestic virtues you will find them necessary
for the wife of every sensible man, But there are
many stronger reasons against your being my
Wife; so strong that as 1 said to you formerly,
1 would not be married to you to be a king. I
know myself and I know you. And from all prob-
ability of reasoning, I am very certain that if we
were married together it would not be long before
we should both be very miserable, My wife must
be a character directly opposite to my dear Zéiide,
exceptfin affection, in honesty and In good humour.

° © © After this, I shallwritetn French. Your
correspondence will improve me much in that
janguage, * * * Aditu. Think and be happy.
Pray write soon and continue to shew me ai! your
heart. I fear all your fancy. 1 fear that the heart
of Zélide Is‘not to be found. It has been consumed
by tho fire of ag Excessive Imagination. Forgive
me for talking to you with such an alr of authority.
I have assumed the person of Mentor. I must keep
it up. Perhaps I judge hardly of you. Let me
ask you then Zélide could you submit your Inclina-
tions to the opinion, pérhaps the caprice of a Hus-
band. Could you do this with chearfullness with-
out losing any of your sweet good humour, without
boasting of it, Could you live quietly tn the couptry

six months of the year? Could you make yourself

agreeable to plain honest neighbours. Could you
talk like any other woman and have your fancy
as much at command as your Harpsichord? Could
you pass the other six months in a city where there
is & very good Society tho’ not the bigh mode?
Could you have 4 great deal of amusement in your
own family? Could you gtve spirits to your hus-
band when he is melancholy? I have known such
wives Zélide, What think you?

The letter was about to start on its way
to Utrecht when a sudden impulse moved

ee _———

+ ARADO Na A Soy

Ci
ao

CPA aaah ania

 
 
 
 

Th) fae Mae
a

 

Boswell to tear the envelope open and write
agein:” F

I had sealed this letter I must break it up and
write a little more. This is somewhat like you.
I charge you once for all, Be strictly bonest with
me. If you love me own it, I can give you the
best advice, If you change tell me, If you love
another tell me, 1 don't understand @ word of
your mystery about @ certain gentleman whom
you think of three times a day. What do you
mean by tt Berlin is @ most delightful city. 1
am quite happy. I love you more than ever. I
Would do more than ever to serve you. 1 would
kneel and kiss your hand, If | saw you married to
the man who could make you happy. Answer me
this one question. If I had pretended @ Passion
for you, which I might eastiy have done, for it is
not difficult to make us believe what we are allready
pleased to imagine, Answer me—would you not
have gone with me to the world's end? Supposing
oven that I had been disinbertted by my Father,
would you not have said, Sir here is my Portion.
It is yours, We my live genteely upon it! Zélide,
Zéiide excuse my vanity. But I tel! you you do

not know yourself if you say that you would not

have done this, You see how freely I write and
how proudly. Write you with all freedom, but
with your enchanting humility! Je suts glorieuse
@ttre votre amie. That is the stile. Ie not this a

long letter? You must not expect me to write
regularly. Farewell

my dear Zélide, Heaven
bdiess you and make you rationaly bappy.
Farewell,

Bo ends this extraordinary letter, in which

the writer, while disclaiming any view to

matrimony on his part, tried his best to in-

duce the girl to confess her own love, and

even went so far as to take it as an admitted
fact. But Boswell was perfectly unconscious
of his want of tact and delicacy, and Mlle.
de ‘Zuylen, in consideration of his undoubted
sincerity and kind intentions, seems to have
forgiven it without difficulty.

In 1766 she visited England, when she was
duly lionized; the practice ie much older
than the name. So the people of fashion at
first congregated around her; duchesses
came and made her talk and took a minute
survey of her, and, declaring themselves en-
chanted, turned their backs on the newcomer,
never to return any more.

have no indication that Belle saw Bos-
well while she wae staying in London. But,
when he published his “Account of Corsica,”
they exchanged a few letters of an almost
businesslike character. She liked the book
for the parti-prie it displayed against the
French, whom both cordially hated. She
proposed to make a translation, or rather a
compendium of it, for her excellent taste
would have soon made away with the long-
winded phrases and turgid rhetoric. No
member, however, of our trade ever admitted
that he had sent to the printer one word more
than was strictly necessary, and in this re-
spect Boswell proved to be a genuine man of
letters. The “giant,” as he modestly called
himeelf, flatly refused to be made shorter,
and 80 a literary pique between two authors
was the conclusion of the little roman.

Belle de Zuylen's after life may be summed
up in a few lines. After she had been courted
by princes she married, against her family's
advice and almost in spite of himself, a poor
Swiss gentleman, a former tutor of her
brother, M. de Charriére, and would have
made him the most wretched of mortals if
he had not been endowed with a more than
ordinary amount of patience and philosophy.
She indulged in various sentimental experi-
ments, and finally, at the age of 46, became
enamored of an impertinent young rascal
of 19, destined to be well known to the world,
under the name of Benjamin Constant, as
the lover of Mme. de Staél, the author of
“Adolphe,” the adviser of Napoleon and
Louis Philippe. This liaison—whether it was
a purely spiritual one, as M. Godet wishes
us to believe, or whether the senses had their
claim in it, as Sainte-Beuve readily admits—
brought happiness to neither of them.

At & critical moment in her life she had
used literature as other women in similiar
circumstances use religion. Her disap-
pointed hopes, her impatience of rule and
authority, her unquenchable thirst for love,
her brilliant genius for satire, were thrown
by her into three or four thin volumes which.
failed to fobtain much attention from her
contemporaries. But thirty years after the
writer had been in her grave Sainte-Beuve
raised hér to a high position among the great
misters of the French language. Prof.
Goda&'s flew book is likely to confirm her in
that exalted positgon.

\ SOUTH WANTS MEN.

Furope Is Being Ransacked to Previde
Farm Laborers.

The Call of the Cultivated is so loud that
the Call. @f the Wild seems pretty faint in
compa: .: All over the country the
farmers howling for laborers.

The voice of the South comes on every
breese. Scarcely. one of the Southern
States but has sent ita agent abroad to try
to direct immigration to ita own partioular
boundaries.

Whole colonies of immigrants are being
planted along the railway lines, and still
the cry is for more.

Already several hundred German farmers
have been logated along the Southern
Railway between Richmond and Danville,
Va. Hungarians, Germans and Poles are
to be found on farms between West Point
and Richmond. These settlements are
growing constantly, says the Charleston
Newe and Courier, and the farmers are
sending to the mother country for their
friends and relatives.

At Vaidese, N. C., fifty familes of Italian
farmers have been organizea into a profit-
able co mmunity, and they too are inducing
colonies of their countrymen to come out
to America.

Russian farmers are now engaged in
trucking at Aiken, 8. C., and near Sum-
merville a little band of French-Canadian
farmers are in similar pursuits, with most
encouraging results. At Lumber City,
Ga., Italian farmers and woodworkers have
found the country and sawmills in that
vicinity so remunerative that they are
urging their countrymen to come there.

rom Birmingham, Ala., to Greenville,
Miss., Italians have been secured aa cotton
wers. From ile to Birmingham
ere are scattered settlements of German,
Hungarian and Polish farmers, whose
abilities and energies have made a marked
difference in the neighborhood where they
have establishea themselves.

BIRD MIGRATIONS.

Some Deo Not Dare Travel by Day—Night
Has Its Dangers Too.

The birds that are surest and swiftest of
wing, as the swallows, do not hesitate to
travel by day. Thase less strong of wing
and of conspicuous plumage dare not risk
the daylight.

But the night migrations have their
special dangers too. The gas and electric
lighta of cities and towns, with the network
of wires in their vicinity, to say nothing of
church spires and lighthouses, are the
cause of many bird disasters during migra-
tion time.

These same lights prove a friend to many
of our night foraging birds during the
insect season, when a good meal is always
easily secured in their vicinity.

Many screech owls have been seen around
these lights in town the present summer,
say sa writer in Good Health. Their where-
abouté during the day was always easily
fresed by the excitement of the birds in that

Gue’ morning we were awakened by a
clamor among our birds, the special cause
of trouble seeming to centre in two large
maple trees. This continued all day and
do the best we could nothing could_he
discovered to warrant such a tumult. The
myste was explained when dusk came
on and a number of screech owls began
making investigations in our birdhouses.

We captured one of the owls and kept it
long encag to observe some interestin
things, f of which was the double se

 

 

—— ee

    
  

furnishings, while i we, itiogs

Those who do not desire to incur any considerable expense frequently

express surprise at the artistic merit of

no excuse for inharmonious wall coverings. '
For those with special fancies we have exclusive patterns in papers of
high quality and peculiar richness of color. We are glad to suggest trea
ments that will make your rooms unique in appearance.
Our present offering is particularly interesting because it includes
the latest creations of the best designers and mills of the Old World, the~ '

leaders of wall-paper “Fashions.

PARLOR OR LIVING-ROOM PAPERS.

Damask effects, heavy Brocadéd Silks, Empire designs, Plain and Figured
Duplex Papers, self:toned Veloutines, Soirettes and Domestic Tekko.
20c., 25c., 35c., 50c. per roll.

DINING-ROOM PAPERS.

Woodland papers, in combination for

Crash Fabrics and self-toned Papers, in the new shades of brown.
18c., 22c., 28c., 40c. per roll.
HALL AND LIBRARY PAPERS.
Heraldic, Henry IL. and Colonial designs. Tooled Leather and

Stencil effects, and a large

18c, 18¢., 25c., 35c. per roll.
7 BEDROOM PAPERS.
Chintz, Cretonne and Dimity patterns, Chambrays and a large collection of .

new Floral papers in Crown effects, Trellis designs, &c.
10c., 14c., 18c., 25c. per roll.

Higher grades in complete variety, $1.00 to $7.00 per roll,

If you cannot conveniently

your requirements and we will be pleased to submit samples.

ALFRED PEATS COMPANY}

~ Leaders in Wall Paper Fashions
8-443 WEST FOURTEENTH STREET -

   

 

SHOOTING ON LONG ISLAND.

SPORT FOR MANY SORTS OF CITY
AND COUNTRY GUNNERS.

 

 

Comedy and Tragedy Mixed—Wild Scenes
on the Four Days of Deer Hunting
—When, Where and What to Shoot
and the Cost—The Game Laws.

Hunting on Long Island, or shooting as
the folks term it who think the first term
sacred to fox hunting and sport with big
game, is a comedy on which the curtain
has just been raised for the annual success.
The incidents of the play are mainly farcical,
but there are stirring and realistic happen-
ings—good sport to wipe out memories of
the pot hunting—and the four days of deer
shooting, a massacre of the innocents, is
often marked \by the killing or ‘maiming
ofa gunner. The first pop of guns has been
at snipe, fair game since July 16, and the
woodcock season has been on since August 1,
but the long bills are now scarce, and the
sport not what it was before the hunting
grounds were all plotted as building lots.

Grouse, pheasant and quail may be shot
from November 1 to December 31, but the
season opens fifteen days earlier on Robbins
Island and Gardiners Island. Summer
boarders and cottagers, on their inland
walks and drives, found many young covies
during August. The favorite playground

for a quail and her brood is a bare, dusty
and sunny place on one of the old roads in
the scrub oaks. birds are now strong
and the broods well divided up, 80 that there
should be come pret shooting for quail on
the well gu land next month. There
is little open shooting for quail now on Long
Island, for the warning signs against shoot-
ms mon as fence posts.
hooting blac and gray squirrels, hares
and rabbite will be legal after October 31
and until December 31.. There are many
stretches of woodland in the interior that
afford good rabbit shooting, and the et
is the favorite one with city gunners. The
early morning trains throughout the season
are crowded with them and each sportsman
brings along at least one dog, the pack in
each smoking car including specimens of
every known and many entirelv novel sorts
of huntingdog. The tripsare fruitful of fun
for the gunners and of profit for the country

guides, hackmen and saloonkeepers, Tha
game is plentiful, despite the many raide,

and nearly every party on the return trip
can show a string of bunnies.

Deer may be shot on the first two
Wednesdays and the first two Fridays of
November, the dates being November 7
9, 14 and 16. The hunting is in clubs o
eight or a dozen usually, the men camping
out on the wanes that lead to the &
serves of the South Side Sportsmen's Club
and the grounds of private owners on
which shooting is forbidden. The members
of the shooting companies are in their
places over night, in the hope of getting
a shot at a deer aroused by the dogs and

toward a safe retreat. There is a
fusillade of guns when game is started
agd on a kill the deer is divided between
the different claimants. Within a com-

y the division is on an equitable basis,

ut complications arise when outsiders

make a demand that often lead to fights.

Many of the companies or deer hunting

clubs are made up of city gunners, but the
locals get the cream of the shooting.

It ia a sort of guerilla warfare along the
firing line and as dangerous as picket duty
jn an enemy’s country. The nerves of
all the watchers are on edge and a sudden
movement in a bush, even though the cause
may be only the upturning of a pocket
flask, is apt to bring a load of buckshot
whizzing through the trees. The sport
haa the spice of danger to the participants,
without doubt, and there is the further

excitement of mix-upa with the guards |

on the forbidden grounds, within which the
deer are safe. The preservation of deer
on Long Island is inspired by sentiment
and in the best interests of sport the killing
might well be restricted altogether, or else
limited to but one day. Still, there is a
crowd out on each open day, while from
forty to sixty deer are bagged each season.
Snipe shooting has thus far not been
@0 |, but the sport will be better in October.
ane salt marshes and the heaches have been
well patrolled, but the vellow legs and jack
anipe have not been abundant. The little

sand pipers atill frequent the old shooting |

grounds, but are game not worth the
candle. Not so very many years ago the
big snipe were a sure bag al the beaches
from Norton's Point to Montauk, on the
south show, but they have to be stalked as
carefully as the few bighorn sheep left in
the Rocky Mountains. In October the ani
shooting will no doubt be good, for the
summer rders will no longer vie with
the birds for the posseasion of the seashore.
The royal sport of ‘Long Island, waterfowl
shooting, will also be in order then.
Waterfowl, ducks, geese and ewan will
be fair game from October 1 to December
31, with the exception of Great South Bay
west of Smith's Point, where the season
opens on October’ 19. On the south side
private clubs own many of the best shooting
waters, but there is plenty of open shooting
if one knows where to seek it. The best

-9@.. Artistic Creations:
os he wah covey i bagpantan sup ho ela Gs hes

the Frepch privateersmen was to look to
their own Government for redress, This
they did, and the spoliation claims case began
ita lone and tedious career,

| A report of these claims was made to the
House of Representatives as early as 1803
and another report was made in 1807. Pays
ment of the claims, however, was resisted
until 1825, because there was doubt as to the
liability of the Government. Since then
reports favoring the payment of the claims
have been made in nearly every Congresa,
It generally happened, however, that when
one chamber agreed to pay the other declined
to coneur. Twiee both houses agreed, but
Presidential vetoes prevented payment.

In 1884 Congress passed and President
Arthur signed a bill referring the whole mate
ter to the Court of Claims. That tribunal tn |
1886 fixed the total to be paid at $5,000,000,
In its report recommending the payment ot '
this sum, the court said: “The result which |
we have reached is supported by resolutions |
passed in each of the original States, by |
twenty-four reports made to the Senate by 4

| ita committees, by over twenty Similar re
ports made to the House, and by the fact
|} that. while thtee adverse reports have been
| made, one tothe Senate ond two to the House,,)
no adverse. report has been made in either:
body since the publication of the corre-,|
spondence in 1826 Under the above decision
| an instalment of $1,500,000 of the $5,000,000
| declared to be justly owing was paid in 1891,
The chief arguments for objecting to ape
ropriations now to piy these claims are
What they are too old; that if the Govern~
ment is liable they should have been paidy!
lone ago; that the original claimants Bay |
been beyond the reach of relief; am
oad those who are now looking for com
jon are largely portis who have?
t up the claims. LLAN L, PowERs. .;

) tb BROORLEs, September 22.

 
  

are enhanced by a tasteful decoration.

our cheaper papers. There is really

use with Plate Rails, Fruit Tapestries, ~

variety of Scenic Friezes.
ad

A

come to our store, advise us

 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
    
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
 
   
    
  
    
 
   
 
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
   
 
 
  

$5 or $10 a day, but the sport under a
guide is worth whatever it ‘costs,
stopping of spring shooting has led to m
ducks breeding on ye be waters an
with the migrants ad the waterf.
shooting is expected to be unusually
this season. The guides often kee)
or they know where to find one
and after a successful day’s shooting
evenings may be peewee in comfort.
Waterfowl may hunted a floa
boxes at any distance from in
Island Sound, or on Peconio, Gardiner
Shinnecock bays. and, in Long Island Sound
7 and Gardiner’s bays sailboats may

FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS

Reasons Why Appropriations to Pay’
Are Not Made by Congress.

To tne Eprror oF Tus Sun—Sir: In
Sun of August 19 you announce that the Go
ernment is negotiating for an amlioable settle
ment of all outstanding questions bet
Great Britain and the United States.

No one will dispute that this effort fs in they
interest of humanity and the welfare and
prosperity of both nations. It would also
in the interest of justice and fair dealing fo
the Government to settle the Just claims o
its own people, and there never was a tim
more befitting than the present to call th
people’s attention to the unsettled claim
against the Government known as the Frenc
spoliation claims.

I have no interest in these claims dire
or indirectly, but have known the history o
them for over thirty years, and with you
permission would lay before your &
| a brief explanation of their origin.

The history of the French spoliation claim
ians follows: By the treaty of 1778 the United
States guaranteed to the King of Fran
“forever against all other Powers the present
possessions of the Crown of France in Am
ica, as well as those it may acquire by th
future treaty of peace.” The King of Frano
on his part guaranteed to the United Stat
“liberty, sovereignty and independence, ab
solute and unlimited,” and also the
session of ang additions or conquests obtained)
through the war with Great Britain; and t
case of war between France and Great Brite n

 

it was agreed that the reciprocal guaran )
should have full force and effect at the in
stant such war should begin. The mo
effect of this alliance was a great factor
bringing our war of independence to @ suo
cessful conclusion.

The treaty worked all right until the Frenoh
Revolution and the subsequent ware agains
France of nearly the whole of Europe. . Fo
the United States then to extend armed ase
sistance to her ally would have been amo
dangerous proceeding, and President W.
ington, therefore, ou April 22, 1733, made @

roclamation of strict neutrality as between

 

‘rance and the other countries of Euro
France insisted on the agreement of 1
being carried out, and enden vored to enforce
its execution in such a manner through h

Miniater to this country (Genet) as rendered
necessary his recall. France also. vigor
ously protested against the Jay treaty with
Great Britain in 1796, because it virtuall
abrogated her treaty of 1778. Meanwhile
Great Britain had seized nearly all of th
French possessions in the West Indies, whic
the United States had guaranteed to
forever.

To revenge themaelves for our refusal
earry out the provisions of the treaty of 177
the French began to prey on American com
merce, Their privateers seized over 1,
American vessels, appropriated their cargoes
and left many sailors stranded in forei
ports. The spoliation caused a_loss to ol
commerce of over $20,000,000. By an act
July 7, 1798, Congress declared that the treatiegs,
wit ‘ranee were annulled, the preamb
affirming that “the just claims of the Uni
States for reparation of injuries had
refused, and their attempts to negotiate
amicable adjustment bet ween the two coun:
tries had been repented with indignity.”
outrages finally eame so serious that t
American navy hadanumber of encounte
with the French war Vessels, and war a

ared imminent, but it was finally avert

y the ratification of the convention of 180
A clause in this convention provided that th
claims of the French against us for faflin |

 

to observe the stipulations of the treaty o
1778, and our claims against them for depres |
dationa to our commerce, should be balanced
against each other and declared settled.

The only recourse now left to those Amerfe
eans who had suffered loss at the hands of

 

ts