)
a
; j

eel

~~

Te

anne

oo oer nah gE

NN ae

Ss

 

m]

The Ancient

 

   

+ etd wtb

 

Landmarks the Peasants Are Ready to Fight to'
| State— Wayside Shrincs,

   

  

OO

The civil authorities of Lorient, on the |
Breton coast of France, undertook a few
days ago to have removed the calvary that
had long been one of the town’s landmarks. |
Their action does not appear to have been
inspired by the strife between Church and
State, but to have been merely an expres-
alon of iconoclasm by a seaport that was
trying to take on modern ways.

A storm of public indignation put an end
tothe plan. Then the discovery was made
that the opponents of the measure were not
canfined to the religious element, but that |
the calvary was looked upon as a municipal |
possession to be defended as a heritage of |
past ages.

Whenever this same question has arisen
in Brittany; and it often has, the result
has always been the same as at Lorient. |
At times in the past officials have decreed |
the destruction of calvaries, and in the days
of the revolution many of them were torn
down.

The peasants and priests have gathered |
the pieces and restored them to their former

laces when the storm was past. Some

ve even come under the protection of
the Government, and of late years the ten- |
dency has been to preserve all the more |
4mportant calvaries as antiquities.

In Brittany to-day apprehension is felt |
poncerning the calvaries, in view of the re-
Jigious situation. Moreover, religions pro-

 

A Trader's Observations of Savages Who Ate Human Flesh — Story of the
500 Chinese Coolies Who Were Eaten on Rossel Island—a Cannibal
King Who Was Pronounced a Gentleman.

 

BY LOUIS BECKE |
Author of “By Reef and Palm,” &¢

Mr. Rudyard Kipling has spoken of what |
he terms the “Great American Pie Belt,” |
which runs through certain States, the peo- |
ple of which live largely on pumpkin pie. In |
the South Pacific there is what may be
termed the “Great Long Pork Belt,” running
through many groups of islands, the savage
inhabitants of whichare cannibals.

This belt extends from the New Hebrides
northwesterly to the Solomon Archipelago,
thence more westerly to New Ireland and
New Britain, the coasts of Dutch, German
and British New Guinea; and then, turning
south, embraces a considerable portion of
the coast line of northern Australia. Forty
years ago Fiji could have been included, but

cannibalism in that group has long since |

ceased; as also in New Caledonia and the
Loyalty Islands.

The British, French and German Govern-
ments are doing their best to stamp out the
practice. Ships of war patrol the group,
and wherever possible, head hunting and
man eating excursions are suppressed, but
some of the islandsare of such vast extent
that only the coastal tribes are affected,

In the interior, practically unknown to
any white man, there is a very numerous
population of mountaineer tribes who are
all cannibals, and will 80 remain for perhaps
another fifty years, unless, as was done in
Fiji by Sir Arthur Gordon, now Lord Stan-
more, a large armed force is sent to subdue
these people, destroy their towns and bring
them to settle on the coast, where they may
be subjected to missionary (and police) in-
fluence.

During my trading and blackbirding |

voyages I made the acquaintance and in-
@eed in some cases the friendship of many
gannibals, and at one time, when I was
doing shore duty, I lived for aix months in

a large cannibal village on the north coast |

of the great island of New Britain, or Tom-
bara, as the natives call it.

I had not the slightest fear of being con-
verted into “Long Pig” (puaka kumi), for
the chief, a hidgous but not bad natured

gavage named Bobaran, in consideration of | In 1862, a Peruvian bark carrying 325 | now suggested that they had once

fertain gifts of muskets, powder, bullets
&e., and tobacco, became responsible for
my safety with his own people during my
‘aay. He not, of course, guarantee
< protect from the people of other

 

 

cessions having been prohibited in Brittany;

| it is feared that a similar order will be en-
| acted against the saint day fairs, or pardons,

of which the calvaries are the centres.

In no other country has such attention
been given to calvaries as in Brittany and
nowhere else have they been made of such
size, with such a wealth of quaint ornamen-
tation. A bishop of St. Pol de Leon in the
eighteenth century reported that in his
diocese alone he had erected 5,000 crosses
and cal varies.

In many of the remote districts are still
found shrines to which the peasants at-
tribute wonderful powers.

At one place in Finisterre deep in a wood
is a clearing, the grass worn by the knees
of many worshippers, and on a rock from
which issues a sparkling spring Is the
weather worn statue of the Virgin wearing
on her head a pyramid of babies’ caps—the
offerings of grateful mothers of little ones
who have been cured by the sanctified
water.

At Carnac, where each year in September
the peasants bring animals to be blessed

j at the door of the Church of Saint Cornély,

is the shrine for the healing of the brute
creation. Saint Cornély once when pur-
sued by pagan enemies was miraculously
saved from death by a drove of cattle and
at the spot of his deliverance he caused a
spring to issue from the ground. Over

|

districts, even though he might not be at
enmity with them,.if I ventured into their
territory.

This wag the usual agreement made by
white traders who established themselves
on shore under the wegis of a native ruler.
Very rarely was this confidence
Generally the white men, sailors or traders,
who have

| eaten, have been cut off by savages other
than those among whom they lived, very
| often by mountaineers.

Bobagran and all his people were noted |

cannibals. He was continually at war with

his neighbors, on, the opposite side of the |

bay, where there were three populous towns,
and there was much fighting with losses on

Calvaries of Brittan

reserve in the Strife Between Church and
Man and Beast

been and are now killed ahd |

   
   

i ss y

Ee

PUREE tn UD

ee

this was built a fountain and dedicated to
the saint.

When the peasant’s cattle are sick he
brings them here to be healed by the waters.
If the animal is unequal to the journey,
his wife comes as a substitute. Over her
head and shoulders he pours a pail of the
water and as it drops from her into the
basin the distemper should leave the animal.
If it does not, there is no remedy.

The mystery of the great stone pillars
at Carnac becomes clear to the Breton
peasant. Saint Cornély was pursued by
pagan soldiers and just about to fall into |

their power when he (rned, raised his | town away from the beaten paths of travel
hand and the whole heathen army was | ona rocky peninsula that juts out into the

age SS

DSIDE CALVARY’
1H BADEN

8

SEPTEMBER _237 1906.

ee ae
‘de 7” So0 '

.
mi

PL BRITTANY;

WHERE BRETTON FISHERMENS WIVES PRAY

fT ——— —— ————————

dead as the fulfilment of a pledge made by
the survivors.

That at Plogonven, constructed in 1554,
was the earliest of the type and was in an
indefinite way a model for the others.
But the most famous and the most inter-
esting is the calvary at Plougastel, a little

transformed into stone images~and there } Bay of Brest.

they stand to-day, a warning to all who
would chase good men.

When France undertook to preserve
these monuments she had the greatest
difficulty in preventing the peasants from

 

carrying them away for buildmg purposes.

A wise man finally hit upon a plan. He

made a cross on the stones.

molest them.

Each one thus |
became a calvary and no peasant would | ferno.

The 170 figures, which are three or four
feet in height, are arranged in groups |
around a massive piece of masonry made |
from stones gathered on the hillside and |
surmounted by three crosses. The groups |
represent incidents in the life of Christ.

One shows the entry into Jerusalem;
another the Resurrection, another the in-
The carvings are the work of monks
whose monastery once stood near the site.

The largest of the Breton calvaries are) The figures are all quaint, while the con-

at St. Thogonnec, Pleyben, Plogonven and
Plougastel.
can be learned, after plagues hiad swept
the neighborhoods of bundreds of inhabit-

They were built, as far as |

 

ants and were as well a memorial to the |

 

 

 

ception of the scenes depicted is medieval
and to the modern mind droll.

The inferno is an immense, wide open
mouth, into which demons are casting a
nude woman, The men in the processions

 

‘
vessel, killed a few of the coolies, and | New Guinea. It was an absolutely new

after this was completed they turned their
attention to their captives, marshalled
them together, made them enter canoes

j and carried them off to a small but fertile

island,

Here they were told to occupy a deserted
village, and do as they pleased, but not to
attempt to leave the island.

of what was to befall them.
the men found no lack of food.

prisoners—every canoe had been removed.

became restless. Andgthen almost every
day, two, three or more were taken away
and never returned,

Then the poor wretches discovered that
their comrades were being killed and eaten
aay by day.

‘To escape from the island was impossible,
for it was four miles from the mainland,
and they had no canoes, and the water
was literally alive with sharks.

 

both sides; During my stay there were

more than thirty people eaten at or in the
| immediate vicinity of my village.

Some of these were taken alive and then

| slaughtered on being brought in; others

had been killed in battle.

place Bobaran had had a party of twenty

of his people cut off by the enemy and every

one of these was eaten.
| 1 parted from Bobaran on very friendly
terms. I should have stayed longer, but
was suffering from malarial fever.

After recruiting my health in New Zea-
land, I joined a labor vessel, sailing out
of Samoa, and during the ten months I
served on her as recruiter I had some ex-
| ceedingly exciting adventures with can-
| nibala in the islands off the coast of Ger-
| man New Guinea, and on the mainland.

On our way to ‘the blackbirding grounds
& e sighted the lofty Rossel Island, the scene
of one of the moat awful cannibal tragedies
| ever known, Jt is one of the Louislade

end of British New Guinea,
It} presents a most enchanting appear-

ance, owing to ite ‘verdured mountains

(9,000 feet), countless cataracts, and beauti- | and are included in the government of the | been badly

About eigh- |

of them, wila with terror, built a raft out

of dead timber, and tried to put to sea.
They were seen by the Rossel Islanders,

pursued and captured and slaughtered

swim tried to cross to another little island,
two miles away, but were devoured by
sharks,

And so, without arms to defend their
lives, they saw themselves decimated
week by week, for whenever the natives
came to seize some of their number for
their ovens they came in force,

Six or seven months passed, and then one
day the French corvette Phoque appeared
off the island. She had been sent by the
Governor of New Caledonia to ascertain
if any of the Chinamen were still on the
island, or if all had escapea,

Two only survived. They were seen
running along the beach to meet the boats
from the corvette, ana were taken on board

At the present time the natives of Rossel

the stomachs of cannibals or sharka.
' Island are subjects of King Edward VII.

ful bays fringed with: coeo palins and other | possession of British New Guinea, have a

which stand
of the natives.

trees; amid
roofed houses

| tropical
thatch

 

Chinese coolies for Tahiti, was wrecked
on the islafia. The captyin and crew took
to the four boats, and left the Chinamen

to shift for St oles a
‘Thousands of ) natives rushed the

the | resident missionary and
1 { and are well behaved.

wil! tell the story in as few words as possible. | up their eyes in pious horror if any visitor
been | badly wounded by a bullet in the thigh—the

They would cast

addictei to “long pig.”
Ten days after passing Rossel Island we

were among the islands of Dampier and could not get it out.

Vitiza Straits, whioh separate the tern

for the cannibal ovens, which were now |
teen months before I came to live at this | neveridle. Some poor creatures who could |

drove the rest on shore, where for some | ground for recruiting blackbirds, and our
days they were not molested, the natives | voyd@ge was in reality but an experiment,
| being too busy in plundering the ship. But

| hitherto only been in communication with

|

The poor | board, so that if we were rushed by canoes
Chinamen were overjpyed, little dreaming | the boarders would find some trouble in
The island | clambering on deck; on the main deck we
abounded with vegetables and fruit, and | carried four six pounders, which were al-

But they discovered that they were | crew were all well armed with Sharp car-

abused, | at the ena of the week their jailers appeared |
and carried off ten of their number, they | in him.

|

Some | I found to be correct.

We (the officers and I) knew that the
natives were a dangerous lot of savage
cannibals, speaking many dialects, and had

occasional

trading, pearling or sandal-
We had no fear of

an

wood seeking vessel.

being cut off, however.
We had a fine vessel, with a high free- |

ways kept in good order, Then our double

 

bines and the latest pattern of Colt re-

| This at first caused them no alarm, but when | volvers, and, above all, the captain had

confidence in his crew and officers and they

I, the recruiter, had with me as interpre-
ter a very smart native of Ysabel Island,
Solomon Group, who, five years before,
had been wrecked on Rook Island, in Vitiza
Straits, had lived among the cannibal natives
for a year and then been rescued by an
Austrian man-of-war on an exploration
voyage. He said that he could make him-
self well understood by the natives, and this

We anchored in a charming little bay on
Rook Island (Baga), and at once some
bundreda of natives came off and boarded
us in the most fearless manner. They at
once recognized my interpreter and danced
about him and yelled their delight at seeing
him again.

Every one of these savages was armed |
with half a dozen spears, a jade headed |
club or powerful bow and arrowa and a
wooden shield. They were a much finer
type of savage than tbe natives of New
Britain, lighter in color, and had not so
many repulsive characteristics. Neither
were they absolutely nude, each man wear-
ing a girdle of draceena leaves, and although
they were betel nut chewers and carried
their baskets of areca nuts and leaves and
powdered lime around their necks they did
not expectorate the disgusting scarlet juice |

 

have strongly marked Hebraic features,
are dressed in Breton costumes and are
playing tambourines.

The Bretons built their calvaries of stone.

Tyroleans, Swiss and Bavarians,.who were
also great calvary builders, found their
material in the nearby forests. The Tyro-
leans showed great skill in woodcarving,

nd some of their most elaborate creations
were inspired by religious zeal.

The scenes that the Bretons pictured in
stone the Tyroleans often represented in
paintings upon the outer walls of their
homes. Theirshrines were generally placed
where some tragedy or misfortune had
occurred, ,

A cross marks the spot where two sol-
diers “returning from war were frozen to
death in sight of their homes.” A tablet
asks for remembrance of the woodman
who was killed by falling timber, and a
memorial with a cross in a valley relates
how the village that once stood on tic spot
was swept away by an avalanche.

The traveller from the Tyrol south can

getting a number of these cannibals to re-
cruit for Samoa. I considered myself a
good amateur surgeon--I had had plenty
of practice—and at once volunteered to go
on shore, look at the injured gentleman
and see what I could do.

My friend Bobaran in New Britain I had
cured of an eczemic disorder by a very
simple remedy, and he had been a gratetui
patient. Here was another chance, and
possibly another grateful patient; and being
a gunshot wound I waa rather keen on at-
tending to it, for the Polynesians and Melan-
esians will stand any amount of cutting
about and never flinch.
coroners in the South Seas to
questions if the patient dies from a mistake
of the operator.

Morel, the captain, the interpreter and
myself went on shore. The beach was
crowded with women and children, as well
as men—a sure sign that no treachery
was intended-—-and nearly all of them tried
to embrace my interpreter.

The clamor these cannibals made was
terrific, the children being especially voci-
ferous. Several of them seized my hands
and literally dragged me along to the house
of the wounded man; others possessed
themselves of Morel and the interpreter,
and in a few minutes the whole lot of us
tumbled, or rather fell, into the house.

Then, in an instant, there was silence.
The excited women and children withdrew
and left the captain, the interpreter,
some male cannibals and myself, with my
patient, who'was sitting up, placidly chew-
ing betel nut.

In ten minutes Morel and I got out the

bullet, then dressed and bandaged the
wound and gave the man a powerful
opiate. Leaving him with hia friends, the

captain and I went for a walk through the
village. Everywhere the natives were very
civil, offering us cocoanuts and food, and
even the women and children did not show
much fear at our presence.

Returning to the house, we found our
friend was awake ‘and sitting up on his
mat. He smiled affably at us and rubbed
noses with me, a practice I bad never be-

 

all over our decks, as the New Britain natives
would have done.

 

Archipelago, and is at, the extreme south | half demented—all the rest had gone into |

We noticed that many of them had re-
cently inflicted wounds, and learned from
them that a few days previously they had
had a great fight with the natives of Tupinier
Island, twenty miles to the east, and had
beaten, losing sixty men. But,
they proudly added, they had been able to

several traders | Carry off eleven of the enemy's dead, and

had only just finished eating them.
The chief's brother, they said, had been

Tupinier natives had a few muskete—and
was suffering great pain, as the doctors |

|
}
Now, here was a chance for me, some-

end of New Britain from thé east coast of | thing which would perhaps lead to our

fore seen among the Melanesians of this
part of the Pacific.

Then he told us that bis women folk
were preparing us a meal ghich would
soon be ready, I asked him gravely
ihrough the interpreter not to serve us any
human flesh. He replied quite calmly that
there was none left—the last had been
eaten five days before.

Presently the meal was carried in—baked |

pork, an immense fish of the mullet kind,
yams, taro, and an enormous quantity of
sugar cane and pineapples. The women
did not eat with us, but sat apart.

Our friend, whose name was Darro, had
six wives, four of whom were present.
He had also a number of female siaves,

taken frouy an island io Vitize Straits,

CARVEDBLACK FOREST CALVARY.

Sante ene PALI The Zags

The devout people of central Europe, the self has carved in front of his home or on

 

And there are no |
ask silly |

wr au hom

mark the differences in the races and re-
ligiona of the composite Austrian empire
by noting the wayside shrines. The wooden
croases of the Latin church change to stone
chapels or pillars with Byzantine images
in the Greek Church communities or to gor-
geously decorated shrines in the Italian
provinces.

Tha calvaries of, the Black Forest, in
Baden, are almost as numerous aa those of
Brittany and quite as original in design.
They are more often the offerings of indi-
viduals than of the towns.

The peasant raises an image that he him-

the roadside near his farm, so that he and
his may always be under its sheltering
influence. In the long winters he has much
leisure which he devotes to the calvary.

Besides the image of Christ, which he
pictures in agony, he carves out a soldier,
with spear in hand, mounted on a horse,
and all the other reminders of the Passion;
even to the sponge with vinegar and the
dice that decided the awnership of the vest-
ments—a hundred representations in all—
and fixes them to a pole that he raises by
the wayside. Not infrequently he sur-
mounts the whole by a figure of the cock
that crowed at the time of Peter’s denial
as warning to the weak and backsliding
Christian.

The southern German calvaries are often
intended to teach the beholders some salu-
tary lesson. At Freiburg, in Baden, in front
of an old chapel, rich in medieval painting

 

 

 

These were rather light skinned, and some
| quite good looking, and all wore girdles
of draceena leaves.

| Neither Darro nor his people smoked,

though they knew the use of pipe and
tobacco, and at one time had been given
both by a sandalwood ship. I promised
to give them a present of a ten pound case
of plug tobacco and a gross of clay pipes—-I
was thinking of recruits. I sent off to the
brig for the present and when it arrived
and I had given nearly 150 cannibals a pipe
and a plug of tobacco each, the interpreter
and I got to work with Darro on the subject
of our mission.

Alas! He would not entertain the idea
of any of his fighting men going to an
unknown land for three years. We could
have, perhaps, a score or so of women—
| widows or slaves. Would tbat suit us? No,
| Tsaid. We did not want single women or
| widows. There must be a man to each
| woman.

 

Darro was very sorry (so was I). But

perhaps I and the captain would accept

| two of the youngest of his female slaves
as a token of his regard for us?

Morel and I consulted, and then we asked
Darro if he could not give us two slave
couples—two men and two women who
would be willing to marry, and also willing
| to go to @ country and work—a country
where they would be well treated, and paid
for their labor. At the end of that time
they would be brought back to Darro, if
they so desired.

Darro smiled and gave some orders, and
two strapping young men and two pleasand
faced young women were brought for my
inspectign. All were smiling, and I felt

that a bishop and a brass band ought to have |

been present to have performed the mar-
riage ceremony.
| These were the only blackbirds we se-
| cured on that voyage from Rook Island; but
| three and a half years later, when these two
| couples returned to Darro, with a “vast”
wealth of trade goods, estimated at trade
| prices at £72, Darro never refused to let
some of his young men recruit for Fiji or
| Samoa.
I never saw him again, but he sent mes-
sages to me by other blackbirding vessels,
| saying that he would like me to come and
stay with him.
| And, although he had told me that he had,
personally, partaken of the flesh of over
ninety men, I shall always remember him as
a very gentlemanly man, courteous, hosa-
pitable, and friendly, and who was horror
struck when my interpreter told him that in
England cousins intermarried.

 

FOUNTAIN AT CARNAC FOR SICH
ANIMAL.

  
     
    
      
    
     
   
    
      
        

 
 
 

v

TRANSFORMED HEATHEN £MBLEM.

 

eS SS

 

 

 

-—— eee

“That is horrid, an unutterable thing! It |

is inconceivable to us. It is vile, wicked and
shameless, How can you clever white men
do such things?*

Darro and his people knew the terrors of
the abuse of the laws of consanguinity,

depicting the rewards of virtue and the
wages of sin, stands a great cross—at its foot
a skull with a nail driven into the temple.

A shoemaker of Freiburg, according to
tradition, died suddenly in the good old
days before coroners and juries were too
inquisitive,and was buried near where the
croes stands. Scaroely hat the earth upon
his grave been wet by the mins before his
wife took a second husband «

Neighbors talked, but that yas all. One
night the priest of the parish awoke to find
standing at the foot of his bed the ghost of
the dead shoemaker, The ghadly figure
raised a gory lock from its for®ead and
pointed to a nail driven in the temje.

The body was exhumed and therewas the
evidence of the crime just as the »nectre
had indicated. The wife confesse: the
murder and was executed. But the kull
was placed at thefoot of the cross as a Wren.
ing.

“The effect was most wholesome,” co.
tinues the truthful chronicler, “for sinc
then not a wife of Freiburg has murderec
her husband.”

 

———— |

 

4 CURIOSITIES OF DIET.

Strange Things That Serve Man for Food
in Many Lands.

Man's gastronomic predilections do not

cease at best and bird and fish; the reptile

and insect world contribute their quota t»

his heterogeneous table, says Uhambers's
Journal

The turtle is the cornerstone of even an
aldermanic banquet, and it is not surprising
that the land tortoise is used as food where-
ever he is found. Lizards of all sorts and
sizes are eaten in Asia, Africa, America
and Australia, and what is the crocodile or
alligator but a lizard of a larger growth?

In Egypt and along the great rivers of
other parts of Africa, South America and
southern Asia the ungainly reptile is de
voured with relish. Europeans do not take
kindly to it as an article of diet, although
they try it out of curiosity.

One would think the line might well be
drawn'at snakes. But because of that evil
reputation gained just after the dawn of
the creation the reptile cannot be allowed
to shirk his obligations. The Chinaman
utilizes snakes for sustenance and for medi-
cine, and he is kept in countenance by the
Indians of America, the negroes of Africas
the Malaysians and the Japanese, Coming
nearer home, the Italians favor_a dish «f
viper jelly, and the late Frank Bucklar
whose soological enthusiasm knew 10

bounds, assured us that boaconstrictor
tasted like veal.

Frogs are eaten from East to West, froin
China to the United States. The French
were the first to serve the frog up at table,
but the Yankees run them a close secon |.
Who knows but that some day the Britix!:
will further cement the entente cordiale ly
adopting the Gallic taste for the hopping
amphibian?

Snails, slimy and repulsive, are looked
upon with loathing by the average Brito:

But in France, Switzerland, the south of
Europe and the United States any senti-
mental repugnance is not allowed to weigh
against the undoubted nutritive qualities
of the land mollusk. The snails are c'-
lected by women and children and am
then placed in enclosures to feed upon

| selected vegetable food to impart to them

the requisite flavor.

John the Baptist lived on locusts and
wild honey, and innumerable people regn''
themselves on the same food to-day. Afri-
can races are the chief eaters og locusts,
diet that shortens the span of yife to two
score years. When famine stalks the land
the Arab grinds to powder the dried ir
sects he has stored, and with flour bak
it into bread. Honey is in cosmopolit
favor, but the Cingalese eat bees to au
fragrance to the breath.

In Brazil, the Last Indies, Mexico a:
among the Indians of North America
are largely consumed, as are the larger |
mites of Xtrica, and naturally the € hin
will not miss their turn with the insect

Thergy is no accounting for tastes a
consequently one is content with ba
stating that in New Caledonia particul:
large spiders, and in Brazil eighteen |
long centipedes, are greatly enjoys
When the cook inadvertently sen d- ‘
boiled caterpillar with the vegetables /
Bull says things ‘of sorts.” Let him |
heart of grace, for caterpillars, large a!
small, are eagerly eaten in many regi!
ae areailisworme. and Ceylon.

4@= ewan 2 GE ee em Se a eGeaneeast a Pies es 2a

ewree s.meew Ss 42 ew ww =e se

S6s enw ae ee «6H ee Ue eT RAB eee Se wR ee

ece seoese 8 Ov_eers ese Batiseet owe

i el re

mm eeanaank .<. om

cet i Ml

tite i