yrLoY MENT BUREAU WHICH
DOES A NEEDED WORK.

yoo places for Those Unfertunates Who
Are Stu! Capable of Earning at Least
Half Wages—An Economic, Net a

b sentimental, Problem for Employers.
d of using boys and girls of work-

eye

 

*Tnatea :
fog one for work that cannot pay full men’s
wages, have you ever tried to use a capable

n, wf) haa some handicap, but who
f work in spite of 1?”

Gi fit into your
This is one of the questions that have for
the last few months been propounded to
amployers by the men who have in charge
bebat is known @s @ special employment
bureau for the handicapped. These men
Dr. Janeway, W. E, Harmon, Willard
King, \ Holden Weeks, C. C, Carstens,
@ith whom the idea first originated, and

rence H. Marks, agent, who has statistics

a stories at his tongue’s end te prove the
gconomic importance of the work.

The men and women for whom employ-
pent is sought are those who have been
enppled, partly aralyzed or suffering from
disease brought on by their work, such as
jead poisoning, mercurial poisoning, painters’
golic, those mentally defective whose minds
gre yet capal le of reaponding to influences in
gertain directions, writers and players whose
creative abilities have suddenly ceased,
purines. men whose years and misfor-
¢unes have brought them to the stress of
poverty, tuberculosis patients in the early
stages and men with prison records who
want to begin over again,

jt is not designed to appeal to employers
on sentimental grounds. It is a purely
economic question that is presented. A
man may balk at the amount of his taxes,
put whether, to quote the words of one of the
board, he cares enough to study the prob-
Jem and see that this is one of the ways by
which those taxes can be reduced is to be
proved in the future, it has not been in the

t

One of the recent writers on sociology
pas said that for thousands of years the
earth's peoples have struggled toward a
perfect civilization; and to-day, with our
wonderful brains and resources, we have
pot discovered how to provide shelter and
three meals a day for each individual mem-
ber of the vast army of the population,
This bureau for the handicapped is one of
the attemnted solutions. °

Statistics have been compiled which show
that there is annually a waste of $50,000,000

worth of labor in the world. In the United
States alone 524,000 persons are disabled
{nindustrial accidents. @f these thousands,
it is estimated that 225,000 still possess a

certain earning power which can be utilized
and here is where the bureau expects to
appeal to the utilitarian for help. If these
crippled, sick and defective persons can
do 50 per cent. as much work as they did
before, why should not that 50 per cent. of
labor be taken advantage of?

The aterage yearly wage of the working-
qanis $450. Take your 225,000 handicapped
men Who can still make good and multiply
by $225, half the average wage, and you
Dave in round numbers $50,000,000 a year
paved to the world by the placing of
Willing energies.

Other statistics have shown that it takes

bout $10,000 to support a pauper through

be natural term of his life. Keep on figur-

(ng and assume that the world is not willing
& take the responsibility of finding work,
but in taxes, charities and in other ways
refers to assume the liabilities of its pau-
pers, and it is not long before you find a
pum like $2,000,000,000 yearly incurred in
this way, the well man’s burden. Eight
million paupers in the British Empire, with
one out of every four dying a public charge
( almost equalled by our own records.

In the long list of available “handicaps”
none of the 120,000 professional paupers
now on the lists of the various charitable
organizations has place or part, These
latter have been tried in the fire of work
and patience and have been found wanting
they are the waste heap of humanity, for
which there is no adequate testing crucible
we yet.

The “handicaps” are trustworthy. Their
abilities, ambitions, earning power and
pasts have been thoroughly investigated
aod they have been as carefully classified.

All classes in society are represented
and all ages. The young girl whose hand
bas been torn in the machinery of .a factory
and the professor of belles lettres whose
place has been taken in the university by
Byoung man jostle each other in the line of
@pplicants.

What could be found fora girl of 17, crippled
ts described? The answer that such a
ona has already heen placed at the small
switchboard of a telephonegvith satisfactory
fesults disposes of that question. The
professor of belles lettres is more than

content with being made private secretary
a wealthy man.

An old man who has added to the allotted
years an extra half decade is pointed out.
At one time he was chief geologist for one
of the Western railroads. He is an expert

chemist and, Russian by birth, speaks and
| ser seven languages. A place was
ind for him as translator on a mining

PAjodical, but for two years he had tramped

sirente of New York seeking employ-
.

Mo? the most difficuR proglems that
‘Ove faced is the heartlessness of the

World tward the man who has passed his
prime am is on the down grade. Every
Year the tysiness world levies on the young
Men, andas squeezed oranges they are
asite when youth and vitality are
There are many places which might

filled by \hese “handicaps” if only em-
Syrers could be made to see that age,

tile it May debar from certain roles, has
alue in the commercial and professional
Meter,

Serical fowitions are filled with the
YN and itexpert because they can be
aon beaper; girls and boys in their teens

_ 4nd in them often to the detriment of
= sighted employers. A man
had fifty years experience in the
eaten _— be made much more
one with a handicap, than a boy of
san an who is totally blind is a hard
than faulthough in one of the candy

. u'actries a blind man has been em-
. - O¥vears to crack nuts, a task which

— yith remarkable expedition.

* victims of the white plague
have been tund in the country. In cm
Of instaces whole families have been
initia) ere. When the disease is in its

“tagethis change of environment
ee ‘eatment resulte favorably.
Mean pd lost difficult problems is the
man 1H. with the prison records. A

Socio ‘ hire either in his home or
capable aa “o has proved himself in-
= wallng straight to the mark.

nly places 5und so far are what are
hand men” positions, places
. he aN CAMo odd jobs, sometimes
‘8 COUNtTYplace where the help’s

re are isolate and
Bone watch am the vat @ supervisor keeps

of the

‘at the bureas has
sister entirely dew

i rr

is ice ata ip Dig vat rig me 2h al pedi 8

vps FOR THB HANDICAPPED.

 

 

JHE CONSCIOUSNESS OF THE FLEIR-LOOPE.,

 

  
 

 

A small boy points a fat thumb across
lots in answer to a question that has been

plodded eastward from Broadway.

“It's the biggest school anywhere,” he
Says, sweeping the universe with one com-
prehensive gesture, “an’ I go there.”

Of course, that settles it, and the reporter
immediately knows that he has reached
his destination.

The registration of pupils for the school
year soon to open was in progress. In the
big room, from which all school furniture
bad been removed, teachers seated at desks
were enrolling some applicants, rejecting
others,

A procession comes along, headed by a
bearded Hebrew, with florid face, thick,
hunched up shoulders and one of the in-
desoribable hats of the East Side pulled
down over shaggy eyebrows and wiry
curls. By the hand he holds tightly a
small editiop of himself.

“Hol’ tight, Yawcob!” he says, and Yaw-
cob hangs on as if father were a nickel and
the door of the schoolhouse a slot which
promised unending delights.

Trailing behind Yawcob 80 closely that
toe and heel meet at every step is a tiny
girl arrayed in a smal) garment and a large
bow of soiled ribbon which occasionally
lurching forward shuts outeher vision.
She holds two others of the same sex by
their sticky fingers, and following them
boys and girls form a line that seems to
sweep around the corner into the far off
vistas of East Houston street.

“This is Yawcob,” the man explains to
the teacher. “I've come to sign him.”

The teacher looks at the kite tail of chil-
dren. She is not surprised at the families
of the East Side, and so she says simply:

“Jacob's brothers and sisters?”

The Hebrew seems for the first time
conscious of the procession that has grown
like a snowball on a January hill. He

 

pendent on him; he has a record of twelve
years at Clinton and Elmira. He is de-
sirous of living an honest life and if abso-~
lute candor in regard to his past, joined to
undoubted ability and energy, is any cri-
terion to go by, there ought to be another
chafice for him.

Another applicant has a family name
which is well known in New York. There
has been a commissiqn of lunacy appointed
for him and he has incarcerated once
ortwice. Talk to him by the hour and,
hia especial mania avoided, you will never
know but that he is just as sane as you are
yourself. He has made an admirable secre-
tary for a professional man.

How people hear about the “Bureau of the
Handicapped” is a mystery, but such news
flies apace. One unfortunate tells another
and the word goes forth. If places were
only as plentiful as applications!

For a year and a half a man who had been
in the army, and who was crippled in the
Philippines, losing an arm in action, walked
the streets of New York trying to find work
in order to eke out the small pension on
which he and his family struggled along.
He had been in service for fifteen years and
had risen by his own merits from the ranks
to a lieutenancy. When the came to the
bureau he had approached very near the
dead centre of discouragement, and when
he discovered that he really had a place in
the world of men his joy was almost as piti-
ful to see as his former discouragement.
He is now working as a watchman and gets
good wages. ,

“The whole problem is really one for the
employer,” says Mr. Marks, after giving a
description of the bureau, “and the ultimate
solution may be found in giving the em-
ployee a certain percentage of profit, which
will be a pension for his old age and illness,
as well an an incentive to his work, making
him not a machine with a certain daily out-
put but a part of the place in which he
works.”

 

Sanitation in Japanese Navy.
From the Medical Record.

Baron K. Takaki shows from statistics of
the Japanese navy that it appeared in 1880
that if beriberi could be wholly exterminated
the number of losses from illness would de-
crease from 24.09 per thousand to 13.66. The
improved hygienic condition of this great
navy at present depends upon certain devel-
opments which have taken place sinoe the
establishment of the naval’medical bureau in

472.

: It was some years later, however, before
the records began to be essentially helpful
and valuable. he writer declares that the
present condition of the imperial Japanese
naval hygiene was due to having had an able
man at the head of the navy and also to the
education of the medical offcers. In order
to maintain the health ‘and efficiency of the
men a careful selection ie made at the time
of enlistment @ the maintenance of the
health is attended to with the most careful
detail. o attain these objecta the writer
declares that there must be an organization
in which the medical o and nurses must
be properly educated for their duties, while
those of other }ranches must be taught el-
ementary physiology hygiene.

Opera are avo as
Ereeruhes
vy a
and ‘imnew

ba nd t
t.

as possible,
t co ‘va

“whe thor

+

a

|

shakes his head , vigorously, dropping

| Jacob's hand in order to show the family
asked many times as Tu Sun reporter has |

—_——-——. .

 

 

line in his palm.

“They are Yawecob's lit'l frenta,” and
then as a strange face here and there in the
kite tail peers at him he adds, “and the
frents’ frents.”

The frents and the frents’ frenta disap-
pear as Yawcob is duly registered.

When, as frequently happens, admission
to the school is refused because the child
is under age, the disappointment of parents
is manifest. One woman does not attempt
to wipe away her tears.

She is neatly dressed but with the in-
evitable shawl of the East Side wrapped
about her tightly. Her hair, a soft Titian
red, is carefully done up; there are gold
hoops in her ears, and her shabby attire is
scrupulously clean, as is that of the tiny
girl beside her.

“How old?” the teacher aska.

Conscience and desire struggle. Finally
the mother says, hoarsely, and it is neo-
eseary to lean forward a little to hear:

“I can’t tella lie. I was born in Wien.”

Just why birth in the Austrian capital
should be put forward in such a predica-
ment she does not say, and the teacher, used
to weird statements, does not ask. She
keeps to the subject at hand.

“You mean she is not six yet?”

A last ray of hope is evident in the forth-
coming whisper.

“Not yet, but she will be soon.”

The teacher shakes her head and weeping
mother and thumb sucking child are obliged
to seek the kindergarten, which to the East
Sider, means a waste of time and effort.
“Mere play,” they say contemptuously, “I
want the child to go to school.”

|

 

KAST STDOE KIOTHERS:

who had a pressing engagement with a

washtub.

“Where do you live, my dear?”

“Sixth.”

“You mean you are six?”

“Sixth.”

“Are you vaccinated?”

“Sixth.”

“Born in this country?”

“Sixth.”

Judgment of no undecided character de-
scends upon his unhatted mop of hair.

“You go home and get a birth certificate
and a vaccination paper before you come
back.”

The law which says a child shall not be-
come a wage earner until he is 14 tempts
some parents to push forward the age of
the pupil by a year or two, in orger shat
one of the chief assets of the East Side
family may the sooner be cashed. ~

“He certainly looks less than 6,” says

one teacher, gazing at the applicant, whose |
blue eyes shone at her from a garden of |

soil in which strange smiles and dimples

The next applicant has come alone, with | grew luxuriantly.

a manliness beautiful to behold. He is

arrayed in once white knickers, a rag of a |

blouse, a smile and-a lisp. He has been
taught his lesson by a hard working mother

PROVIDENT LOAN'SGOOD WORK

THE CHARITY PAWNSHOP EX-
TENDS ITS USEFULNESS.

 

 

 

A New East Side Branch to Be Opened to
Keep Up With the Demand—Much of
the Money Leaned Goes Into Business
—Diamonds and Waiches Chiefly Offered

The Provident Loan Society of New York
has now in operation four offices in Man-

“Mein Gott!” and his gray haired grand-

mother drew him forward as if to protect |

him from some threatened violence. “Show

your teeth, Abraham.”

face was comely and shrewd. In her hand
she carried a small roll of flannel from
which she produced a pair of diamond
earrings.

“I want $50,” she said in German,

Without a word the money and a ticket
were handed her and the rawn went into
a fireproof compartment—a good sized
room it isa—lined with small drawers filled
mainly with diamond jewelry.

“It is more than probable that she will
take those earrings out again Saturday
night,” remarked the manager.

“No, that money is not wanted for house-

hattan and one in Williamsburg, and has | hold expenses. Most likely it will be used

purchased a site for a sixth office at the
corner of Clinton and Grand streets, Man-
hattan. The aggregate business of these
offices for 1905 was $7,203,000 loaned on
collateral of jewelry, silverware, clothing,
on valuables of any sort which may be
stored readily in safety vaults. Furniture
is not taken as collateral.

This is the record achieved by an or-
ganization which started with one small
office in the United Charities Building,
Fourth avenue and Twenty-second street,
not quite twelve years ago, handicapped
by the prophecy of a certain part of the
community, headed by the pawnbrokers,
that an organized credit system for the

 

to stock a pushcart, or to buy merchandise
to retail in a smail shop or sidewalk stand,

or for some sort of business venture which |
| i# pretty sure to bring in a small return any-

way. These people don’t often lose in their
business deals.”

A man approached and handed in a hand-
some gold watch. “Twenty?” asked the
receiver with a smile. The man nodded
with an answering grin.

“That watch and this place are old ac-
quaintances,” was the manager's com-
ment. “The owner is a pedier, and like
every other pedler around here apparently
often needs a little extra cash in his buai-
ness. He and his kind are never at a loss with

poor conducted on a regular banking basis le good watch in their pocket and most of

would not prove a success, and by the
comments of another claas who main-
tained that the society was intended to
accommodate the well todo and not the
very poor.

The business done at the office at Eldridge
and Rivington streeta in the University
Settlement Building is about all the proof
needed that the poor are the main bene-
ficiaries of the society, In that part of the
city at least. This office, the second to
be opened and which began to loan money
in 1898, does a business equal to that of all
the other offices combined and twice that of
the office at Fourth avenue and Twenty-
second street.

At the Eldridge street office the average
amount loaned daily is $12,652, the books
showing that $17,000 is frequently passed
out in one day. It is no uncommon thing
at this office to make 1,000 loans in one day,
this*aumber being doubled the day before
the Jewish New Year, when the line of ap-
plicants for loans reaches the sidéwalk
and some distance down Eldridge street.
It is this circumstance which led the society
to buy a site at Grand and Clinton streets,
not a quarter of a mile away.

The books at the Eldndge street office
show that the average loan is $32, the max-
imum loam about $1,000, and that the col-
lateral oftenest produced is diamonds and
watches.

“Poor? Of course the people around
here are poor, but they are not destitute,”
the manager said. At this point a woman
approached the appraiser's desk. She was
bareheaded. On her feet were old alippers
sun Ghat oh tho Beak Guo wore aomioetes
garments held together with pins,Her

’

 

|

|
|
}

them contrive to get a good one before
they have been long in business.

“How do these poor people manage to
come by diamonds, watches, silverware?
Well, it is something like this. This section
of the city is populated almost entirely by
foreigners—-Poles, Russians, Yiddish and
some Italians—and it is the apuire of these
people, if a time comes whbn they have
a@ little extra money, to invest it in jewelry,
especially .in diamonds, instead of salting
down the price of them in a bank. The

women wear the jewelry Sundays and holi- ,

days and use it at other times as collateral
on which to borrow cash. Some of the Rus-
sians bring with them to this couptry sev-
eral pieces of very good silverware and these
they seldom or never sell, choosyng rather
to put them in pawn whenever they need
a few extra dollars. Furs are pawned al-
most as often as jewelry, some women down
here looking upon this place, I think, as a
safety vault which will keep their things
when not in use. When the furs are not
needed, or not worn, which is apt to be six
days out of seven, we have. them here,
It is the same with watches. ‘The room
in which we store watches is as large as thet

iven over to miscellaneous jewelry. Cloth-
fag and furs and silverware are kept in the
vaults downstairs, but comparatj,cly little
clothing is offered for the reason that few
of the women in the neighborhood own gar
ments on which many dollars could be
loaned.

“Our heaviest days are those preceding
important Jewish bolijays. At such tines
no expense is spared by the people t> cele-
brate the occasion in a fitting manner and
lacking enough ready cash to honor the
occasion in good style they raise it by
pawning anything and everything not
qoueny required to be used in the celebra-

on,

“It without saying that we do busi-
ness with many men and women who borrow

on collateral to mevt actual needs, to tide

 

The mouth opens, disclosing a jagged
edged crater.

“Fee) his seconds.”

The grandmother is personified will power
} and the teacher unwillingly advances a

finger, which is seized and rubbed across

the mouth of the cavern and then tossed
back as of no further use in this world or
the next.
“Don't look 6 with them seconds?”
Nevertheless she is told she must bring
| better evidence of the boy's age.

Other strange evidences of age are forth-
coming. A silver loving cup presented at a
| Russian christening is unrolled from its
| many swathings and revealed triumphantly.

Could any one questfon the age of Noritz
| with the date and name so carefully en-
graved thereon?
| The teacher takes the loving cup and
| admires it generously. It is a bit battered
and shows its long journeyings. *

“How do I know,” she says, patting a
tow head that accompanies the cup, “that
this is Moritz?”

The mother looks at ber with the ex-
pression of one who wrestles with crass
ignorance. There is the cup, and here
is Moritz. She tries to explain in
broken English, but the teacher is fright-

|

 

over emergencies, and whose pled
| sometimes not redeemed for a oad aan
| months, if ever. In all the offices of the

soctety, however, when unredeemed pled
are sold at auction, if the amount they bring
exceeds the amount loaned on them the
difference, minus interest and commission
is refunded to the owners. The rate o
interest we charge on loans is 1 per cent.
a month on sums up to $250, and 10 per
cent. @ year on $350 or more. For a short®r
time than one month 14 per cent. is
charged on amounts over $5.

“This rate of course, is considerably under
that charged by the pawnbrokers, who ask
8 per cent. a month for the first six months
on amounts of $100 and under and 2 per cent.
a month for the next six months,”

When asked if the multiplication of loan

 

| society.

| promptly.
“That is a question,” he said, “we are
'

| atriving to invest it.

|
i
is not available with which to place other

offices in this city was not an encouragement
to sbiftlessness and reckless spending, the

| executive manager of the society replied

asked every day by persons who have never
given much time to ovenrng the problem
of how to provide organized credit for the
poor, who, to say the least, surely need it
as much as the rich. There are banks for
the wealthy who hand over the sort of
collateral accepted By banking institutions—
collateral such as the poor cannot furnish.
The sort of collateral the poor have to offer
is not accepted at the wealthy man’s or-
ganized loan associations. erefore he
must fall back on the pawnshop with its
ruinous rate of intereat—or at least he was
obliged to do this until the Provident Léan
Society put in operation a plan to give him
organized credit at rates equal to honorable
banking rates.

“The idea was not original with this
A writer not long ago called at-
tention to the fact that nearly 2,000 years
ago China gave the pawnshop the dignified
position with which the Provident Loan
Associations of the United States are now
This writer said that
Li Hung Chan r
and that in China it is considered no
grace to £0 to a pawnshop for money,
giving clothing as security.

“The main
of the society is

owned several SS
dis-

1andicap to the usefulness
fact that more capital

offices in localities easily accessible to the
classes who form the great army of borrow-
ers; for with most of these persons con-
venience of access is even more important
than a low rate of interest.

“Aa to the question whether qa multiplica-
tion of these offices does not encourage
shiftlessness I have this, to,my mind, con-
vincing answer:

“From September, 1904, to September,
1905, of the $6,830,000 loaned by the society
only 1 1-5 per cent. Was not repaid. And
let me add that in ten years of close dealing
with the poor I have not found that this claes

| is more shiftless or reckless, more given to

|

squandering its subs ance and taking
ohances than are men who supposedly are
much better off—that is, who appear to have
a much larger income.

“No, the benevolent purpose of the
society will be the better effected the faster
the number of our offices can be increased.
More offices, rather than a lowering of the
rate of interest, even supposing that were
feasible, ia what the poor needs.”

For those interested in the financial
workings of the Provident Loan Society
nage are some figures which speak for them-
Relves:

Gore 1805, ok
poe loamed ou

in 1906, $8,360,000,
1805, tort aad, Dp 28046

AN INTREPRETER.

SS

 

en EeeEeeeeeeEEOEOEOEOOEEeEeEeEOEeEeEeEeEeEeEeeeeEeEeEeeee————eEeEeE—eEeEeeeEEeeee

se

fully stupid. She can't make her urider-
stand and finally goes away” to get a birth
certificate. :

The scraps of paper brought on the
occasion of registration are a study in them-
ssives. There are all sorts of papers, some
of them torn, yellow, atained, some care-
fully preserved in boxes or tied between
bite of embroidery or ails. ;

There are passports, birth certificates,
certificates of vaccination, written or printed
in Yiddish, Russian, Hebrew, Hungarian.
The East Side teacher must be a linguist.

On the roll books the names of this meet-
ing place of the races are a study in them-
selves. Swarthy Roses and dark skinned
Lilys are favorites. Perishka has become
Pauline; Malka, Milly. Izzy is merely short
for Isadore; whatever other names may
be changed, Isadore by some ogcult law
remains Isadore to the end.

Four names in the same family are copied
for future reference. They are Yarmofsky,
Schimmel, Koliminsky jand Juscovitz, and
there is an interval of just two years between
bach pair. The four boys are a sturdy lot,
and they came by themselves, explaining
that “mother couldn’t come aé she was
expecting a little brother.”

As eoon as a girl passes her fifth birthday,
according to the laws of the East Side,
she is epoken of ae being six. Over and
over gain the teachers explain that a
child who has had five birthdays ia not 6
yeare old.

A thirteen-year-old girl with large German
glasses on her pale eyes, huge bows at the
tops of her shoes, a out off Mother Hubbard
of calico and huge gold hoops in her ears
requests a transfer card.

“Where have you moved?" comes the
question.

“We ain't moved, but mother says that
if Mis’ Kalinsky don't come home earlier
nighte that we'll haveter go some time.”

“Wait till you get to the bridge before
you cross it.”

“Oh, we wouldn't live in Brooklyn, she
ain’t as bad as that.”

 

 

 

 

Amount loaned ip 1006, $7,208,917, om 206,688
pledges.

Amount redeemed in 1606, $822,406, om 16,314

ledges.
° amount redeemed in 1806, $6,060,774, om 203,485
edges. $
P average datly loan business 1806, $1,248, on 68
pledges.
Average dally loan business 1905, $23,772, on 670
edges.
. Average daily redemption business 1606, $1,001,
on 60 pledges.
Average daily redemption business 1006, $22,007
on 664 pledges.

CAN THE’ EYES BE BELIEVED?

An Experiment Which Shows How Little
We See Anyway

Prof. Claparéde of a Swiss university
recently asked a class of fifty-four students
eight simple questiona concerning the
rooms they daily visited at the school.

‘Are the columna in the vestibule round
or square?” “Ie there a window facing
the doorkeeper’s box?” “Is the ceiling in
the large amphitheatre plain or decorated?*
and ao on.

Forty-five of the fifty-four students de-
clared there was no window at all; eight
remembered that there was a window, but
each and all attributed a wrong situation
to it; one, more sincere than his fellows,
candidly owned that he had not the least
idea whether there was a window or not.
As regards the shape of the columne in the
vestibule, “7 six answers were correct.

By way of continuing the experiment,
one day a man conegrensualy oomtumed
suddenly burst into the classroom, where
he performed certain antics and uttered
certain emphatic phrases prearranged with
the professor. © wast thrust out of
the door as if he had been an ordinary
unauthorized intruder. Here waa @ scene,
says the Grand Magasine, eminently cal-
culated by reason of its at ess and
unexpectedness to impress the imagination
of the students. ’

A few days later, on some pretext or other,
Prof. Glaparéde asked his payme to describe
to the best of their recollections the pe:
and acts of the masked man. Out of t
twenty-two students who had been present
on the occasion oniy four described the man
accurately. The rest either admitted that
their recollection of the scene was abso-
lutely at fault or gave such a desori io
that it might have applied to an
rather than the correct person.

 

 

 

 

Placing, the Blame.
From the Riga Baitiache Poet.

In a Courland village two neighboring
inna were owned respectively by a Mr. Lahsia
and a Mr. Strunkis, keen rivals for the patron-
age of the public. Their rivalry grew Into
bitter enmity when the better clans of travel-
lers generally seemed to prefer Lahzia's house,
while Strunkis had to content himse with
the amaller fry of travelling artisads.

One day recently the two innkeepers, stand-
ing at their respective doors, got up an alter-
cation, during which Lahzis t ited Strunk
with the inferior soc tal standing of the latter's
customers, whereupon Btrunkte ame furi-
oua and hurled a stone at hie more prous-
peroua rival. e missed his mark ae the
stone went through one of Lahsia’s windows

+ The result was a lawsuit, and wit
the” aifert
at who

named Jahne gave evidence to

hrown, and ¢ it id have at him
had . not due! ‘just up .

upon the villa; lone derided. tha

? serene Ss , .

{Jar soriee Seek ara

that he was easing when the

   
 
    
    
  

 

WARK TWAIN'S. LIFE STORY.

ANTICIPATORY EXTRACTS FROM
' BTS AUTOBIOGRAPHY,

 

 

Reliably Informed That He Has a Glort-
ous Ancestey—This Makes Him Feel

x: Set Up and Once He Was Real
About It—Did Nét Invent

Cel. Getters, Really His Mother's Cousin.

Tron the current North American
g to the editor “Mr. Clemens
began to write his autoblography many
years ago, and he continues to add to it
day by . It was his original intention
t® permit no publication of his memoirs
until after hie death, but aiier leaving
No. 70’ he concluded that a con-
le portion might now suitably be
to the public.”

He has written about a quarter of a
words at present. He expects to
lete the million before he finishes his
» ho portion of whioh will be published
form during the author's lifetime.

He begins at the beginning, though he
anhounoes that he does not propose to be
consecutive, but to hop, skip and jump as

-ap‘ever he pleases. “Back of the
Virginia Clemenses,” he says, “is a dim
procession of ancestors stretching back
to Noah’s time. Aoocording to tradition,
some of them were pirates and slavers in
Blizabeth's time. Also according to tradi-
tion one of them—Geoffrey Clement by
name—helped to sentence Charles I. to
death.

“I have not examined into these traditions
myself, partly because I was indolent and
partly becagse I was busy polishing up
this end of the line, trying to make it showy.
But the other Clemenses claim to have
made the examination. Therefore I have

taken for granted that I did help
Charles out of hie troubles, by ancestral

° "This has not had a good effect upon

it has made me vain, and that is a
made me aet myself above
ere less fortunate in their

than I and has moved me to take
teen dren a peg upon occasion and say

to which hurt them before
5 no

of the kind happened in Berlin
several years ago. William Walter Phelps
‘as our Minister at the Emperor's court
, and one evening he had me to dinner
to meet Count 8.,a Cabinet Minister. This
was of long and illustrious

t

“Of course I wanted to let out the fact
that I had some ancestors too, but I did
not want to pull them out of their graves
by the ears, and [never could seem to get the

nce to work them in in a way that would

} fiicieptlv I.
on Phelps was in the aame diffi-
a

i

ie
fir

“I eu
culty. Yact he-jooked distraught now
and then— just as looks who wants
$6 findover an ancestor poco OF, accident
and cannot think of a way that will seem
accidental enough.

“But at last, titer dinner, he made a try.
He took us about his drawing room, showing
us the pictures, and finally stopped before
a Le and ancient engraving. ;

t was a ure of the court that tried
A i
| . iw m

bareheaded secretaries seated at a

. Mr. Phel t his finger upon one
three oa aid, with ecultlog in-

erence:
* ‘An ancestor of mine.’
“I put finger on a Judge, and retorted
with languidness:
‘Anoestor of mine. But & is a small
. I bave others.’
“It was not noble in me to do it. I have
always it since. But it@landed
him. I wonder how he felt? However, it

no difference in our friendship, which
that he was and high, notw'th-
the bumbleness of his origin.

it was aleo creditable in me, too, that

could overlook it. I made no change in

my bearing him, but always treated
an

was a native of Kentucky;

t

w 20 years old
‘either of them had an overplus of property,
bt Him Eero or three negroes, but

» it .
removed to the remote and se-
ol ——-— of Jamestown, in the moun.
east Tennessee. There
okie was born, but
later vintage I do not remember

“

Eien ne 3
own new State and needed attractions.
y lates Weanie’ cadl Wasaeese tad wy?

and m:

a te. were born i eceneee,

There may have been others, but as to that

I am not sure. It was a great lift for that

lage to have my ta oome there,

that they would stay, 80 that

i It was supposed

by they went away, and peyene went down
and it was many years before Jamestown
another start. I have written about
lamestown in ‘The Gilded Age,’ a book of
mine, but it was from hearsay, not from
onal knowledge. ; ;
“My father left a fine estate behind him
in the region round about Jamestown—
o 100,000 acres. When he died in 1847
he hed owned it about twenty years. The
were almost nothing (35 a year for
whole), and hé had always paid them
ly and rr his title perfect. He
always said that the lang would not
valuable in his time, but that i¢
be a commodious provision for his

Ofrras come oe .

& wads E aivaae © couple of comes of tho
land now, a= case I would not be
writing au’

} 7-8 living. an
r’s dying ge was, ‘Cling to the lanc
ahd wait; let not beguile it away from
| My mother’s favorite cousin, James
pton, who 3 in ‘The Gilded Age’
ae Col. Sellers, always said of that land
said it with blazing enthusiasm, too—

re's millions in it—milliona!’
t ia true a he wear eaid ho about
e —and was always mistaken, too;
oer Thle time he was right: which shows
that a man who goes around with a proph-
gn ought never to get discouraged;
if ll keep up hie heart and fire at every-
he sees he is bound to hit something

| Dr ged by.

persons regarded Col. Sellers as

a an invention, an extravagant

lity and did me the honor to call

4 ‘creation’; but they were mistaken,

metely put him on paper as he was; he

Th not @ person who could be exaggerated.

nte which looked most extrava-

gact, in the book and on the stage,

were not inventions of mine but were facta

of his life; and I was present when they
wore devploped.

*John T. Raymond's audiences used to

near to dying with laughter over the
turnip eating scene; but, extravagant as
the scene was, it was faithful to the facte
im all its absurd details. The thing hap-
in Lamjton’s own house, ard I was
present. In fact, I was .ayself the guest
who ate the turnips.

*In the hands of a great actor that piteous
scene would have dimmed apy many spec-
tator’s arse with tears and racked his ribe

with laughter at the same time. But

ond was _ in humorous portrayal

only. In that he was superb, he was won-

Ge l—in a weed, aoe things else
apy, o py .

5 “The real Cok Sellers, A gnew him in

m » was a pathetic and beau.

tiful splat @ manly man, a straight and

ee aman with a big, foolish

unselfish in his bosom, a man born

loved; and he was loved by ail bis

rede. by his family worshipped,

ihe word. To them he was but

bee a god

Sellers was never on the

Col.
half of him was there. Raye
y the other half of him;
5 played the. who of!
{ wes Mayo?”

/