;
e
1
;
:

 

es

POBTRY AND THE PIVOT STAGE

“MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM,”
THE OLD WAY AND THE NEW.

 

 

Ghakespeare's Plastic Stagecraft vs. Modern
Mechanical Triumphs—The Entire Text
Without Pause—Shall We Lay- Stress
on Poetry and Acting, or 6n Séeniery?

If Shakespeare were living now, Sir
Henry Irving once remarked, he would
be the first to take advantage of the me-
chanical and pictorial resources of the
modern stage. But would he? In all the
mazes of erudition and theory with regard
to our ancient drama no problem has been
more discussed and less understood than
that of the practical esthetics of the Eliza-
bethan theatre—exoept perhaps that matter
of Hamlet's madness. Now as it happens
new light has lately been shed on the sub-
ject; and the production of “A Midsummer
Night's Dream” at the new Astor Theatre
affords the bést object lesson in recent
memory.

Yu the popular mind the present per-
formance, in which Miss Annie Russell
appears as Puck, is associated with
that in which Mr. Nat Goodwin appeared
—and failed—as Bottom. But in reality
it was inspired in the main by a more
recent and notably succeseful produo-
tion—that of last year at the Neves Thea-
tre, Berlin. The German production had
two signal features. First, it gave the
entire text in the order in which Shake

 

a
>

  

.

 

e" :
ZERY 124%"

ee

window frem. which the King
in “Henry VII.” Instead of the three or
an Se ee eS
possible to present in succession
five or six’ diferent places, though as a
matter of fact a vast majority of scenes
took place, for reasons which will develop,
on the main stage. § —=i-

é

and the' chairs of state removed behind it.
The old stage direction then says, “Manet
Lyeander and Hermia.” The editors have
had perplexing difficulty here. W. A. Wright
says, “It was a strange oversight on the
part of Egeus to leave his daughter with
Lysander"; and to make their secret plot
more plausible Pope, Hannier and Warbur-

 

 

      

THE ELIZABETHAN STAGE.

The octagonal form is that of Shakespeare's theatre (the Globe). The dimensions are those specified
im the extant contract for building the Fortune (1509), which, however, was square (80 by 80 feet).

 

speare meant it to be given, and, by avoiding
waite between the acts, in approximately
the same time as was required on the Eliza-
bethan boards; and, secondly, the woodland
fairy atmosphere of the dream comedy
was realized scenically with consummate
craft. Wor the first-time, as a Berlin critic
wrote, one saw the work of Shakespeare
without the hacking and contorting of a
nameless collaborator, whose impossible
task ijt bad always been to abbreviate and
rearrange the scenes so as to.make them
possible on the ordinary modern. stage;
and for the first time one saw Shakespeare's
land of faery transmuted ‘into scenery that
was in harmony with its poetic charm of
suggestion.

‘The means of presenting the full text
rapidly and in the proper order was what
the Germans call the Drehbilhne, or pivot
stage. Behind the footlights is a turn-
table, on which it is possible to set three
or four scenes at once and swing eactr before
the footlights the moment it is required.
It was the original intention of Messrs.
Wagenhals and Kemper to construct the
stage of the Astor on this plan; but the local
fire laws (which in sp,'e of everything

, threatened to turn “A Midsummer Night’s

Dream” into an All Winter’s Pipe Dream,
prevented this—the pivot stage could not

| be constructed without putting the system

of patent sprinklers out of business and
further reducing the already minute rill
from the stage pump. Thus in the present
production the customary delays between
scenes—the tedious waits that have dragged
out so many of Shakespeare's brisk ‘and
varied narratives of boredom-are in-
evitable, though reduced to a happy mini-
mum. And beautiful as the production is as
a whole, some of the atmospheric charm of
the Berlin production is also lost.

Yet what cannot be done, or is not, in Eng-
land and America can be done in progres-
sive modern nations, as, for example, Japan,
where the pivot stage has already been
installed, and actually is done in Germany.
For the sake of our discussion let us assume
that in the present instance Shakespeare
had to choose between the pivot stage—
the amplest resources of modern stagecraft
~—and his theatre on the Bankside. No
play in the entire range of the Elizabethan
drama is more favorable to the champions
of the modern ‘mise.en scene, for none gives
greater scope to scenic illustration, and
none has fewer scenes or fewer changes
of scene. Many of the plays, and the great-
est of them, as “Romeo and Juliet,” “Ham-
let,” “Lear” and “Othello,” though easily
and effectively run off in their entirety on
the Elizabethan stage, present obstacles
difficult and perhaps insuperable even
to the pivot stage.

What, then, was the nature of the stage
that afforded Shakespeare such freedom?
Three centuries of the most pious and

ing scholarship, which have left
no ward of the text unguessed at, no comma
unquestioned, only intensified the ob-
security that has hung over the Globe Theatre
on the Bankside. And yet the main fea-
tures are so specifically set down.in con-
temporary records or so plainly implied in
the texts of familiar plays as to be patent
to the most. cursory view. Last spring
I assembled them in an article in the
Allantic Monthly entitled “Shakespeare and
the Plastic Stage.” The present purpose
is to apply them with greater detail in this
concrete example

* The features of the Globe Theatre which
figure in “A Midsummer Night's Dream”
may be seen at a glance in the accompany-
diagram. They Were: (i) the main
which though @ single platform

high in the pit I have divided for
convenience of illustration into the part
beneath the loft—the under. surface of
which was called the “shadow,” or the
“heavens”"—and the apron which gur-
rounded it on three sides; and (3) ax alooya
bebind the main stage and framed wy what
was in effect a proscenium arch. 18
ebbafient evidence that the main sage

tiara hate ae

|

ton made a new scene, requiring a pause
for the seene shifter, which means a break
in the action. Fleay says that the scene
was “plainly a street.” When put to it the
editors generally make Shakespeare's char-
acters plot darkly in a thoroughfare, as
here, or proclaim their inmost emotions
in the marketplace, as Romeo does. That
such petty considerations of scientic re-
alism were alien to the Elizabethan
dramatic sense can be shown by innumer-
able instances. When there was any strik-
ing effect to be gained; as we shall see in
the present play, Shakespeare was precise
and vivid in the creation of local atmosphere.
But for the moat part he did not- trouble
about it—the stage was merely the stage.
He himself bothered as little about irrele-
vant details of scene, and held as free a
hand in-the conduct of the action, as the
modern novelist. -

Next enter Quince, Bottom and their crew
of artist artisans and broach the comedy
business of their play. It is the modern
practice to place their conference in Quince’s
cottage, with elaborate scenic detail. But
here again the locality contributes nothing
to the effect. With the scene which'is to
follow, however, the case is different. That
takes place in the wood near Athens and
introduces the fairies, and with them the
atmosphere of imagination, of enchant-
ment. Here Shakespeare will need all the
resources of his stage; and once set the
scene must remain as long as it is needed,
which ‘is through by far the larger por-
tion of the play. This comedy business—
Bottom was played by that arch low come-
dian Will Kempe—was here, as in many an-
other play, relegated to the outskirts of the
stage, which in modern parlance is called
the apron; and while it was in progress the
main stage beneath the heavens was being
set with the woodland scenery, brought on,
no doubt, through the aloove curtain.
During the shifting the artisans entered at
one door, made the, circuit of the apron
while talking and went out at the other.
In all respeets save one the scene corre-
sponded with the front scene of modern
practice—namely, that it was not possible
to screen the shifting of stage properties.

To us the practice seems crude enough.
In point of realism the pivot stage has an
undoubted advantage. Rut it is to be
remembered that on the Spanish stage
the practice was precisely similar to that
of the Elizabethan stage, and even on the
Greek stage under Mechylus and Aris-
tophanes. In the poetic drama there is
small place for the pedantries of modem
realism; and when, as now universally
happens on the Fnglish speaking stage,
they are achieved by cutting and dis-
ordering the text and dragging out the
narrative they are madness.

With the opening of the second act—again
without pause— “Enter a Fairie at one doore,
and Robin Goodfellow at another” and take
possession of the main stage beneath the
loft, or heavens. Of the precise nature of
the scene they find set for them we have
pretty accurate indication in the subse-
quent text., “I upon this hank will rest my
head,” says one of the lovers; and by and
by all four lie down and sleep. It is the
confirmed error of the commentators to
regard the old playhouse and the old stage
as small. Three to six hundred is their
estimate of the seating capacity, whereas
the extant contract for building the For-
tune, in 1590, calle for a house that at the
least estimate would seat 2,000. As for
the stage, this play alone, if they had
studied it, should have proved to them
that it was larger than all but the largest
im modern stages, The stage on which

Mr. Belasco his grandiose produc-
thom ia only thinty feet wide. In addition
to the four ke, “A Midsummeér Night's

Dream” calle for a* “hawthorne brake”-
which the artisan actors use as their “tyring

eae ap open, space for their re-

- green plot shall be our
mage” represented as in modern
pmontoitte grea doth.

Tt ls to be remarked, however, that on an
ampitheatrical stage, viewed from all sides,
Bo iljuston of le posdiele. Actors
and properties stand ouf in id. The
stage was not! pistorial, but. p' . bolid
as the scenery undloubtedly was, it Was pot
As pure
tion, however, it may have béei vary béal-
tiful. The art of the middle ages—which
was otill the art of the people in Shake-
speare'’s day—was essentially symbolic, yet
gave scope to decorative compositions of
the utmost beauty.
On the stage, moreover, this absence of

pictorial illusion was the occasion of one:

supreme excellence. To create his atmos-
phere the playwright had recourss to the
spoken word. Puck's opening speech,

Over hill, over dale,

‘Thorough bush, thorough brier,
Over park, over pale

I do wander everywhere,
Swifter than the moones sphere—

has been universally admired and quoted,
and especially by those who contend that
Shakespeare is to be regarded as a poet
rather than as a dramatist. But, like
almost every other such passage in the
old drama, it arose from the necessity of
creating the illusion of locality and space.

After Puck's colloquy with the Fairy,
“Enter the King of Fairies at one doore with
bis traine,and the Queen at another with
hers.” And the business of suggesting
poetio atmosphere goes on in the most
workmanlike manner. “Ill met by moon-
light,” “paved fountain,” “rushy brook,”
are a few of the concrete touches with
which the mind of the bearer is invited to
create pictures beyond the art of Shake-
speare’s—or any othe
scene ends with that ever memorable de-
soription of Titania's bower,

I know a bank whereon the wild thyme blows,
Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows,

—the purpose of which is to piepare the
mind's eye for that very bower which im-
mediately appears.

Beyond reasonable doubt the aloove,
cleared of the ducal throne of the first
scene, now represents with considerable
scenic solidity the sylvan court of the Fairy
Queen. The stage direction reads, “Enter
Queen of Fairies, with her traine.” But
her words, “Sing me now asleepe,” and, the
stage direction “She slespes” clearly indicate
that she is lying down. In pgint of fact
“enter” was frequently used of an actor
appearing in the alcove where we should gay
“is disclosed.” The quarto of “Othello”
reads: “Enter Othello with a light d
Desdemona in her bed” Beds were usually
within the alcove and were made to “enter”
by drawing back the curtains. Juliet “falls
asleep on her bed within the earteines’ end
after she is found there and left for! dead
“they all go foorth casting rosemary on her
and esbutting the curtens." What happens
in “Othello” is that the Moor enters by the
door and drawing back the alcove ourtains
discloses Desdemona in her bed. Titania's
bower likewise was doubtless within the
alcove. Her first words call her “a Roundell
and a Fairy song,” which may have been
quite elaborate, for the aloove *was only
nine or ten feet narrower than the general
run of modern stages,and once the curtains
were drawn back the dancers were at liberty
to flow out on the main stage. At the end
of the act it is probable that the aloove cur-
tains were drawn to; but if so they were
opened during the next act. In line 135,
when the Fairy Queen awakes, she sees
and falls in love with Bottom, who is on the
main stage.

For in Act III., Lysander and Hermia
having gone off, the woodland setting is
used, as we have seen, fo? the artisans to
rehearse their play. It may be remarked
in passing that this very scene is the most
perfect evidence of’ Shakespeare's ab-
horrence of the atte , oven then being
made ;to introduce e rate scenic realism.
The artisans know no other means of pre-
senting moonlight and a wall than by a
lanthorn and rough cast. If Shakespeare
neg such devices it was because he
understood the suggestive power of beauti-
ful words. When the, fairies lead Bottom,
with his ass’s head, into the bower, the
curtain is drawn and the woodland scene
on the main stage is thus cleared for Oberon’s
entrance. The act ends with the four
lovers asleep in full view—one of the in-
numerable evidences the main stage
was without curtain. The stage direction
says “They sleep all the Act.”

The precise significances of this is not be-
yond question; but “act” apparently means
an entr’acte filled in by music. After so
much unremitting a¢tion, it was probably
found that the audiénce enjoyed and were
refreshed by an intermission, as the most
musical’Germans have in each opera a
grosse Pause for conversation, beer and

sausages.

With the opening of Act TV., it is clear,
the sleepers still hold the stage. The direo-
tions call for the entrance:of the Queen
and Bottom, which again doubtless means
that the curtains of the alcove are drawn
back. Now, however, there is “the King
behindethem.” Deep in the alcove Oberon
is watching thé spectacle of his rebellious
Queen enamored. of the clown with the
ass’s head. Thus, when “Enter Robin Good-
fellow and 0 »” Puck comes in at a side
door, and seeing him thé Fairy King comes
forward out of the aloove to the main stage,
and calls his attention to Titania asleep in
Bottom'a arms. When Oberoa and Titania
go out Bottom is left napping and the four
lovers “lye still,” i. e., are@still asleep on their
banks on the main stage. “Hornes and they
wake.” “Shout within, they all start
up.” “Exitlovers. Bottom wakes.” While
speaking his valedictory to his marvellous
dream he probably comes forward into the
woodland setting, the alcove curtains are
drawn and Titania's bower removed from
behind them. This done, the woodland
scene is drawn back into the alcove—a
procedure little likely to disturb the au-
dience while Kempe had them in the sway
of his comic spirits. The main stage being
cleared, the stage is again the stage. Bot-
tom's comrades come on and make in-
quiries aa to what has bécome of him in the
wood. The line “Have you sent to Bottom's
house?” indicates that they are again in
Athens, though this is a matter of no great
momen{.. Then Bottom enters to them,
having just returned from the wood, and
has the valedictory of the act, as is meet
and proper. /

During this second scene of fooling there
has been time to reset the stage with
such appurtenances as are necessary to the
bridal celebration of the fifth and last act,
The seats for Theseus and his court are
doubtless in the aloove. The main stage
is given over to the artisansand their play,
which is the most important feature of
the action. At the close the fairies come
in again and dance and sing their songs
of good omen—doubtless, also, on the main

The first and fifth acts, it will be seen,
centre in the court of Theseus at Athens.
The three intermediate acts are in the
land of fairy enchantment. Once the
woodland scene is set it is never removed
until it is done with, and both its setting
bridged over by
low comedy scenes on the apron, which,

are least’
the of
intended

decoras.

ft. The |:

ewift and | and spoke as if his tongue were « door

 
 

 
 

 
       
   
    

R. H.

 
 

ACKER, ME

  

consecutive as is possible on the modern
pivot stage.

*A Midsummer Night's Dream” belongs
to a class of plays which we call—save
the mark!—musical comedy and spectacu-
lar extravaganza, and which includes
“The Tempest,” and ina sense, perhaps,
*As~ Yeu Like It? and‘*Twelfth Night.”
In all of these play's the scenic element
is unusually prominent, so that they are
the fairest instances for the ‘ eontpariaon

game regard fomthe manipulation of scenery
as is shown by the most expert playwrights
of the modern and pictorially realistic
stage. And now we are prepared to oon-
sider whether the means at his disposal
were more serviceable in the cause of poetic
drama than the modern stage at its best.

The absencs of scenes painted in per-
spective and the presence of scene shifters
while the action is in progress would doubt-
leas seem crude to a modern audience, and
put ite imagination ill atease. But we must
not underestimate the power exerted by
any reigning convention. In Japan until |
lately our pictorial scenery was unknown.
A party of Japanese on visiting a theatre on
the Continent expressed amazement at a
public that would accept as real a prison
wall that swayed and shook with every
draught,.a tree the trunk of which was ob-
viously flat and the branches and leaves of
which were impaled on a network of cords.
Doubtless an Elizabethan playgoer, if he
could come to life, would share their amaze-
ment. Only in one respect would he be
likely to find improvement—in the use of |
lights; and even here he would not improb-
ably be offended by their garish exaggera-
tion, whic) wa accspt without question,

Whenit isa question of producing Shake-
speare, the picture stage has a further and
ineradicabl» drawback. As we have seen,
the most strikingly poetical lines were put
in with a view to creating in the hearer’s
mind the images of things beyond the reach
of the scene painter and the property man.
When these gentlemen busy themselves in
the attempt’ to erhbody Shakespeare's ex-
quisite and varied suggestions they may
delight dull minds; but no one worthy of the
confidence which Shakespeare reposed in
his audiende can fail to have his pleasure
impaired, his sense of beauty dulled. Illu-
sive scenery is the death of any but the
most infantile illusion. Crass paint and
canvas weigh down the finer visions of the
mind. A bastard art extinguishes the
finest products of the literature of the
world.

And with the intrusion of realistic scenery |
the art of the actor has suffered. On the
Elizabethan stage the prime requisites in
the actor Were a vivid and commanding
presence and powers of elooution adequate
to. the projection of every subtle phrase of |

poetry. To-day the protagonist. of the | ace Niok and Idalene Cotton. Others

poetic drama is the scene painter. With |
eye and mind distracted by lights and pic-
tures, the epectator has but a dull eye for
the finer shades of plastic expression, a dull
eas for verbal music, a dull mind for poetic |
suggestion, The two greatest modern
producers of Shakespeare have been \avish
im the use of scenery. But Irving halted

 

‘Street, Brooklyn.

PARK & TILFORD, B'way & dist St.
PARK & TILFORD, Columbus Ave. & 72d St.
PARK & TILFORD, 5th Ave. & £9th St.
PARK & TILFORD, 6th Ave. & 9th St.

ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT CO., 135
West 42d Streel.

in hand. In ‘all Shakespeare aa
|
|

WE USE IN OUR. SOAPS.

FOR OVER FORTY YEARS we have been
using the very finest. solution of refined,
crystal (odorless) carbolic. -

The healing, cleansing and antiseptic prop-
erties of our soaps are unequalled, and are
the very best TOILET. SOAPS in the world.

They are pleasantly perfumed and leave the skin cool and refreshed.
*\OUR STANDARD FOR OVER FORTY YEARS HAS BEEN

PURITY

 

The following list of prominent merchants are selling our full line :

HEGEMAN & CO., 155th St. & Amsterdam Ave.

RRALL & CONDIT,

ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT, 500 Sth Ave.
ACKER MERRALL & CONDIT, th ave. & 57th St. | MINER DRUG COMPANY, 112 Fast 125th St.
ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT, 237 Columbus Ave.
ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT, 2675 Brcadway.
ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT, 161 W. 125th St.

We give below a list of our various products, which are on sale at any of the above stores:

BUCHAN’S TOILET,
Buchan’s Clycerine,
Buchan’s Sulphur,

HEC
| HEGEMAN & CO., 140th St. & 3d Ave.
HEGEMAN & CO., 10ist St. & Broadway.

PARK & TILFORD, West End, Long Branch. . |HEGEMAN & CO., 125th Bt. & Lenox Ave.

    

CMAN & (O., 21 Park Row.
EMAN & (@., 125th St. & 7th Ave.

EGEMAN & €O.,, 644 Fulton St. (B’klyn).

RIKER

’*S DRUG STORE, 23rd St. & 6th Ave.

RIKER'S DRUG STORE, Brcadvay & oth St.
R’S DRUG STORE, 456 Fulton St. (B’klyn).

MINER DRUG COMPANY, 203 Bowery.

130 Cramters’st. -| RIKE

BUCHAN’S DENTAL.
Buchan’s Tar,
Buchan’s Medicinal.

 

BUCHAN’S TOILET SOAP COMPANY

230 PEARL STREET,

 

Actors may be bad when scenery makes it
of no avail to be good, ©
The verdiota I have quoted from German
critics indicate that at the Neues Theater
the wedding of Shakespeare to realistic
scenery was for once not unhappy. Let
us assume that it was. Was it worth the
expense? To build and equip the trde
Shakespearian stage would cost. scarcely
more than 4 single spectacular scene in the
modern manner, and once built it would
enable us to produce the entire Elizabethan
drama. Let us try the pivot stage by all
means. But let us have also a stage on
which the.greateat works of the human
imagination may become familiar and
dwar to us all in their habits as they lived.
JOHN CORBIY.

 

THE BROOKLYN THEATRES.

 

Francis Wilson at the Moentauk—’The
Prince Chap" at the Shubert.

Francis Wilson will begin his third season
under the management of Charles Frohman
at the New Montauk Theatre, Brooklyn,
to-morrow night, presenting his latest
comedy success, “The Mountain Climber.”
Mr. Wilson has an excellent supporting
company, including May Robson. There
will be no Wednesday matinée.

“The Prince Chap,” with Cyril Scott as
the star, opens at the Shubert Theatre
to-morrow night for a week's etay. The
clever children, Helen Pullman and Edith
Spears, as ongney will share in the
performance of little Claudia,

Nat M. Wills in *A Lucky Dog” will be at |

the Majestic.

The Broadway Theatre will have
Virginian” with Dustin Farnum in the
title rdle.

 

An @rder of 18 Members Which Labors in
the East, End of London.

The recént’ ritualistic investigations in
England haye hrought to light the existence
of a society of monks who resemble their
medimval predecessors more closely than
any other of the Anglican orders. They

| are located at Plaistow and are usually

called the “Monks of Plaistow,” after the
place in which they are active, althoygh
their real title is the Society of the Divine
Compassion. ’

The most noted order of Anglican monka
is the Society of St. hn the Evangelist,
with headquarters at Clewer, in. Berkshire.

| This order was formed some years ago to

|
|

|

spread the advanced or ritualistic ideas in

‘OUR METHOD IS TO TELL YOU EXACTLY WHAT
THE ANTISEPTIC PROPERTY iS THAT

NOT AN ATOM OF IMPURE OR ADULTERATED MATERIAL
ENTERS INTO THE COMPOSITION OF OUR SOAPS.

MACY & CO., B’way & | JOHN WANAMAKE?R, Broadway & 10th

34th St. | Street,

- JOHN DANIELL SONS & SONS, 8th St.
& Broadway.

FRED. LOESER & CO., 468 Fulton Street
Brooklyn.

'KALISH PHARMACY, 4th Av. & 23rd. SL

| KALISH PHAKMACY, Macison Ave. & 59th St.
F. W. KINSMAN, 39th St. & 8th Ave.

| J, MILHAU’S SON, 205 Broadway.
JAMES PHARMACY, 8th Ave. & 44th St.
A.D. MATTNEWS & SONS, 398 Fulton G wiILEY HOLMES, 65th & Columbus Av.
DR. PERRY’S PHARMACY, World Bldg.
PARK & TILFORD, Broadway & 2ist St. HEGEMAN & CO., 200 Broadway.

SEMAN & CO., B’way & 42d St. (Times Bldg.).

WALTER D. ROCKEY, 503 Eighth Avc.

WALTER D. ROUKEY, 581 Ninth Ave.

5
NEW YORK.

mat, and Beerbohm Tree poses and lisps. | STRANGEST OF ANGLICAN MONKS.

 
   
    

 
 

 
     
     
 

   

    
   
 

 
 

 
        
 
 

    
 

 
 
     

           

AMUSEMENTS.

aAnnnnnnnnnns
CARNEGIE HALL,
Saturday Afternoon,

pp ppm

Oct. 20

SONG RECITAL

|
|
|
|

|

the Church of England and some of ita |

members came to this country. The most
important parish they founded was the
Church of the Advent in Boston. There at
one time wae Bishop Hall of Vermont, who
cametothis country as Fat her Hall,S.8.J. FE.
some years ago. As it isa missionary society
the word of the home house is pbsolute,
whether it is a decision to send the members
to Ceylon or Chicago, Some of the priests
who have refused to obey auch absolute
domination have remained int his count ry.

| Pheny Orchestra in Queen's Mall en Ortot

The London order, which has just come |

to be talked about, confines its work to a
parish of about 8,000 souls in the East End
of London. The monks are beloved and
respected by all the feople among whom
they work, although their financial re-
sources are meagre. It was one of these
fathers who was recenti y asked to lead

the unemployed in an East End demon-
stration and th were the most active

“The | workers in a hospital that sheltered the vic-

tims of the last smallpox epidemic in th
East End. They are under the control of

| the Bishop of St. Albans, who has interfered
with their practices only to the extent of |

“Bertha the Sewing Machine Girl” will |

be at the Grand Opera House. This is
Theodore Kremer’s latest thriller.

The Folly will have Lottie Williams in
“My Tomboy Girl.”

Robert Hilliard will remain another week
at Bode & Bpmae’s, his - act play —
4a n Sows” having proved ve r
Others on the bill are Werden and daddi
with a fourply motion picture machine;
the Four Melvins, Girard and Gardner,
Sam Collins and Burke and Dempsey.

Heading the list at the Orpheum are Ned
Wayburn's Rain-Dears, with Miss Neva
Aymar. There will also be an additional
stellar feature in Menetekel, a European
illusion which makes its first Brooklyn ap-
pearance. There are also such favorites
as Walter C. Kelly, Ed F. Reynard, the
caay ote quintet, Germinal, Howard
and North and Claude and Fannie Usher.

 

}

sh, |

}

 

The bill at Keeney's is headed by Emma |

Carus. The extra attraction will intro-

to appear are Miss Raffin's monkeys, H. V
pageress. J.
St. John and the Kaufman

The Trocadero Burleaquers will be at the
Gayety. me

The Star will have
Burlesquers. Frankie

Francim Dooly and Emily

ieetoneg Bos,

asking them to remove the reserved sacra-

It is now kept in their private chapel.
It is interesting to note in this connection
that the reserved sacrament ia kept always

on the altar in at least four New York Epis. |

copal churches without the interfe
the Bishops. The London monks, p pels

have confession, full ritual and all the ser- |

vioes of the advanced wing of the Engli
Church. In addition they oP the pe nm
offices, which are lauds, prime, tierce, sext
nones, yespersand compline. All the offices
are said in English. e
The order was founded twelve years
ago by three young Oxford men of good
family. The Bishop of St. Albans received
the order and blessed the black cassocks
the sandals and cowls they wear. There
are now only five fathers, three brothers
and ten novitiates in the order. One of
the priests had a large parish whioh he gave
up to join the monks, and one of the novi-
tiates was a successful painter. Another
was a lawyer with a large practice. Every
man who applies for admiealen must have
some position to sacrifice before he will
be considered. Sacrifice of some worldly
1 is indiapensible to admission to the
oure in the country in which the novitiates
pase their pose of probation.
It is in i
cau saieiaat Uiviae -omreeten differs
ngly from the other nks o
the Anglican Church. ee a

poor people of ita riah oh:
contribute. Ons of the brothers bas beh

f Sat wed the mane eee |
oO tw t
sora Peed

| mew music by Russian composers to,”

| made arrangements with Prank ¢T!! '

| Washington, which is compésed & 8X!

, first trip to the Weet neat week, jtacill ee
ment from the high altar of their church. |

| ness ts offered that wil! no dow add ' ' not
| reputation the official band
means of subsistence that tne |

Management... i HENRY WOLFSOHN
Res. seats @2 to 82; Boxes, @2Z 4 B15. Mail

Orders now received by Heurs Wolfsohn, 181 F. 178

RIQ@Q HARLEM casino

124TH ST. & 7TH AVE
Plays Nightly. Table d'Hote, 75. Sat. & Sun., $1.

 
 

  

habits.

Another is a printer and does
much work for which he is paid. Another
is the most popular optician and oculist
in the region of the church. The monks
preach missions ig other churches and hold
many services which are attended by many
members of their own parish. They are
immensely influential among the poor

eople for whom they work so faithfully.
‘heir only means of distributing charity
among them comes from the occasional
gifts of persons of wealth.

—

NOTES OF MUSIC EVENTS.

 

~

Wastll Safonof? will conduct the Londen Syme

and Josef Lhevinne, the Russian plan'st, w!
soloist. Later Mr. Safonoff will direct th Pa
harmonic Society of this city and Lhevinne
tour the country.

Dr, Karl Muck, the new conductor of the pees

Symphony Orchestra, wi!) sail from Bremen”
Kalser Wilhelm der Grosse on next Tresd®: 5°?
tember 2h, and Is due to reach New Yor 0% ‘2°
Tuesday following, October 2. He wi) any arect
to Boston, where he will have the remade of 1
week In which to get used to his new sareun’ 18s
The first public rehearsay and conceyt ston
Will take place on Friday afternoon and Saturday

_

evening, October 12 and 12 respect've
Muck's first Roston programme wil! be Bee’
“C Minor Symphony,” Wagner's “A Faust Over
ture,” “Slegfried Idyli” and the prelude t “Te
Mastersingers.”

The Boston Symphony Quarte: !s ‘9 make
ceyral
r pthe
efor
sein,

for

certs In Rochester, Buffalo, Detre
other cites, returning to Beston on
first rehearsal of the orchestra, which |
Monday, October & Despwe the ear
there has been a very considerable A
the quartet, and it would have beer
them to have taken a three weeks tr
thetr duties with the orchestra allow

AL deme

The Russian Symphony Orchestra,
Altschuler, conductor, will give s six *
Hall concerts of the coming season on
instead of on Saturday evenings. Af

this season will, It is said, ba several we”
under the influence of the struggic thr?
their country is passing. The dates fr '
will be Thursday evenings, November *
20, January 17, February 7, February 28!¢ |

-3 Seas”
eA aes aass

On Sunday evening, September art!”
ment of the New York Hippodrome «| '"'
their Sunday night concerts at the b |
season of 1006-07. For this purf**

rave

ne
ave
earnt
j rom

at this time the United States Mine
ans

under the direction of Liew, wilar
mann. A programme of exceton®!

y enjoys «
out America and with foreign @mitar\: ’

| heard tt play

haa learned | person, but the president | Harvard

to be # tailor that he may make aii the |

Two Presi’.
From the LondosT rthun
The President of the Unite States |

 

awertal
Td
Tuas him chose for the pretership ’