ig FTE IF eS PLATO TP OID 6 PE PIPE OLE

apete

RN ee

a Dare RS ES

 
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
     
      
     
    
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
   
    
   

NTRS a ee

NEW BLOSSOM-HERBERT PIECE

MONTGOMERY AND STONE TO BE
SEEN IN “THE RED MILL.”

@pectacuiar Production of “The Prince of
India” at the Broadway—‘Mizpah” at
the Académy— Last Week of Warfteld
in “The Music Master’'— Other Bite.

Montgomery and Stone will be seen at
the Knickerbocker Theatre to-morrow
evening in*The Red Mill,” a musical comedy
by Henry Blossom and Victor Herbert. For
the last three weeks the new piece bas
had innings elsewhere to prepare it for
‘@ smooth opening performance here. In
fitting the comedians with new roles Mr.
Blossom is said to have taken into first
account their peculiar stage personalities.
The scene is laid in Holland, The first
geene, an exterior, shows the red mill of
the tale at the edge of the Holland village
of Katwky-am-Zee, A second scene, an
interior; gives us a look in at the home of
a well to do burgomaster, All the people
of the story are Hollanders save Mont-
gotnery and Stone, who appear as two
young New Yorkers stranded in the low-
lands. Their adventures make up the
main comic fabric of the piece, Leading
the several large choruses of the company,
an aggregate of seventy-five, are the fol-
lowing supporting principals: D. L, Don,
J. M. Ratliff, Neal McCay, Charles Dox,
Edward Begley, Claude Cooper, Ethel
Johnson, Allene Crater, Augusta Green-
leaf and Julietta Dika.

 

 

Klaw @ Erlanger's spectacular pro-
duction of Gen. Lew Wallace's “The Prince
of India,” dramatized by J. I. C. Clarke,
with musio by Prof. Horatio Parker of
Yale University, will be seen at the Broad-
way Theatre to-morrow evening. “The
Prince of India” is staged in a prologue
and five acts with eleven scenes. The
oast is a stong one, Emmett Corrigan, the
original Sheik Ilderim in “Ben Hur,” will
play the title réle. William Farnum, the
young heroic actor, will play Prince Ma-
hommed. Adelaide Keim will be Princess
Irene. Others to appear are Boyd Put-
nam, Julius McVicker, Harrison Arm-
strong, W. H. Leyden, Marshall Farnum,
Monroe Salisbury, Julie Hertle, Adele
Davis, Florence Chase Lucille Fallon,
Elsie Smith, Agnes Mark and Jane Bur-
dette.

“Mizpah,” a new and dramatic historical
drama written by Flla Wheeler Wilcox and
Luscombe Searelle, an English playwright}
from the Old Testament book of Esther,
will be produced with much attention to
costuming and scenic effects to-morrow
evening at the Academy of Music. The
company includes Charles Dalton, Frank
hosee, Edward J. Mack, Harry Brennan;
Thomas Quinn, Harry MacFayden, F. W.
Elliott, Elwyn Eaton, Albert Lang, Eliza-
beth Kennedy, Lillian Lamson, Mrs. Louise
Rial and Gertrude Wolfe.

Fritzi Scheff's last week in New York this
season and probably next is announced
at the Harlem Opera House for the seven
get of “Mile. Modiste” to begin

ere Monday. The appearances of the
prima donna and the Blossom-Herbert
o mark the farewell week of legitimate
al ms at the Harlem Opera House.
At the end of her Harlem engagement Miss
Scheff takes to the road, after which she
goes to London to appear in “Mile. Modiste.”

David Warfield’s phenomenal run in “The
Music Master” at the Bijou comes to an end
this week. There will be an extra matinée
on Thursday. David Belasco has booked
a limited road tour for his star, opening in
Boston October 1. Only the largest cities
willbe visited, and long ongegeente will

be played in each. Next Saturday even-
ad 2 Cerne will be the 635th in New
or

*The Little Cherub,” with Hattie Williams
as the star, continues to amuse capacity
houses at the Criterion. Charles Frohman
has secured from Jerome and Schwartz,
author and com r of “Bedelia” and
“Molly O,” their latest song,entitled “My
Trish Ross,” which Miss Williams is to sing.

John Drew in the Pinero play *His House
in Order” is rounding out his first month
at the Empire. The enthusiasm which
followed the production of this play .has
not abated. John Drew is at his best in the
réle of the ex-diplomat, Hillary Jesson,
who helps a persecuted young wife to win

the place that rightfully belongs to her in
her Pusband's heart and home.

In “John Hudson's Wife” Hilda Spong
and an excellent company have scored a
gsuccees at Weber’s and are playing to
crowded houses.

The Astor Theatre in, open at last, and

Annie Russell in “A Midsummer Night's

” is giving the new playhouse a good
sendoff.

“My Lady’s Maid,” an imported English
musical piece, is playing to good houses at
the Casino. In the cast are Joseph Coyne,
Madge Crichton, Elsa Ryan and Delia Mason.

Henry Arthur Jones's “The Hypocrites”

settled down for a long run at the Hudson
tre.

William H. Crane begins his last two
weeks in the Sutro play “The Price of
Money” at the Garrick Theatre.

Blanche Bates continues to delight large
audiences by her artistic work in “The
Girl of the Golden West” at the Belasco.

At*the Lyric Theatre to-morrow evening
Bertha Kalich will begin the third week of
her New York engagement in “The Kreut-
zer Sonata.” This play has served to reveal
Mme. Kalich at her best. The supporting
company is of unusual strength.

“The Tourists,” at the Majestic, with
Richard Golden, Julia Sanderson, Alfred
Hickman and Vera Michelena ig having a
successful run. The return of Alfred Hick-
men to the cast has added immensely to
the comedy feature of the piece.

ew Fields and his cast of stars enter
their, fourth week with “About Town” at
the Herald Square. The piece has been
changed somewhat and has gained steadily
in popularity.

“His Honor the Mayor” is in its last
week at Wallack’s. A new song, “Anas-
tasia Brady,” sung by Nella Webb, witha
dance by Harry Kelly, has caught on
strongly. There will be a popular price
matinée on Wednesday.

“Clothes,” the new Hopwood-Pollock
play, with Grace George as the star, is
keeping the Manhattan Theatre full. Misa
George is doing the best work of her career
and she is admirably supported by Frank
Worthing, Robert Haines, Anne Sut! .
Jennie Eustace and Dorothy Revelle.

Business at the Hippodrome has increased
enormously. Miss Rose Wentworth in an
attractive equestrian act ia a newoomer.
The Uessens in head balancing feats, the
Merkel Sisters in rticularly graceful
acrobatic stunts, Mile. Allarty and her
trained camels, the Althoffs in a daring
equestrian act, the droll antics of Marceline,
the clown, and the sensational ride on motor
aycles in midair of the Tom Davies Trio
have all met with popular approval.

Marie Cahill enters on the fifth week of
ber ement at Daly's Theatre in “Marry-
" It haa only two weeks more

Clie shins om tour.
Banry W. Savage, who has delayed open-

‘

2 ee

 

ing the Garden Theatre until “The Stolen

ig ite Chicago run, has
ow ; 2, as the date for
ucing to: New York this widely talked

introd ne Fe Sperees news|

bout y on, paper life.
The en tre box office will
next Teehe -

» Harry Bulger closes his New York en-
gagement asa star in “The Man From Now”
with one more week at the New Amsterdam.

The cast remains unchanged. includ!
pretty Sallie with ber ful Muse
Maide” gous and Winsome Helen Hale with
her football specialty.

Rose Stabl's; characterization of the
chorus girl in Varnes ‘Yorbes's comedy
*The Lady”, continues to attract
capacity audiences at the Savoy Theatre.

“The Lion and the Mouse” will reach its
four hundredth perfommanoe at the Lyceum
Theatre on Tuesday, October 90. The oo-
casion will be mar by the distribution
of souvenirs.

 

 

Ellis Jeffreys continues to delight the
audiences at the Liberty Theatre in “The
Dear Unfair Sex.” Mise Jeffreys’s t
for sincere and artistic effect in =
role has won ber the appreciation and esteem
of theatregoers.

“Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch” is
filling the big New York Theatre at every
permeemense. It has two weeks more to

y- .

The Hackett Theatre will be dark this
Stanley Dark's “Man and His An-

gel” been taken off and a new play is
in preparation.

The stock company at Keith & Proctor’s
125th Street Theatre will offer this week
“The \Girl I Left Behind:Me,” the stirring
pallltory play by David Belasco and Brank-
lin Fyles.

 

 

 

James J. Corbett and company tn a melo-
drama styled “The Burglar and the Lady”
is the week's offering at the American.
The play is the work of McCormick.
Corbett will be seen in the part of Raffles.

“Home Folks,” by C. T. Dazey, who
wrote “In Old Kentucky,” will be at the
Fourteenth Street Theatre.

George Ade's “Just Out of College,” with
—- Wheelock, Jr., as the star, is the
offering at the Grand Opera House.

The West End Theatre will have Billy B.
Van in “The New:Errand Boy.”

*The Girl and the Gambler,” with Flor-

ence Bindley in the principal réle, is the
attraction at the Yorkville.

Atthe New Star will be “The Way of the
Tri .” in which it is announced
thet dogs are the heroes.

 

 

Charles E. Blaney’s new military drama,
“Wild Nell,, the Child of the Regiment,”
will be at the Thalia.

Williams and Walker move from the
Yorkville to the Metropolia Theatre.

Theodore Kremer’s thriller, “A Race for
Life,” will be at Dixon's Third- Avenue
Theatre.

The Park Theatre at 190th street and
Third avenue will open to-morrow as a
popae price combination house. The
heatre has formerly been devoted to vaude-
ville. Oscar Dane in “Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde” will be the opening attraction.

 

 

 

 

VAUDEVILLE BILLS.

Changes at the Continuous Houses —The
Week's Burieeques.

The bill at Keith & Proctor’s Union
Square Theatre this week is headed by
Col. Gaston Bordeverry, -the expert rifle
shot. Toby Claude is an extra attraction,
and others to appear are the Willis family,
Leo Tong Poo, Dan Lewis, Monroe, Mack
and Lawrence and Kennedy and Hollis.

The Boston Fadettes remain as the feature
at Keith & Proctor’s Twenty-third Street
Theatre. Max .Witt'’s Four Singing Col-
leens will form a special feature of the bill
Others on the bill are Julian Rose, the
Hebrew character delineator; Louis Simon
and Grace Gardner in a new version of
their laughing suceess, “The New Coach-
man”; Avery and Hart, the Sleedes and
Borani and Nevarre.

The programme for Keith & Proctor's
Fifty-eighth Street Theatre include Carle-
ton Macy and Maude Edna Hall, who will
be seen in the comedietta, “The Magpie
and the Jay”; the Rossow Midgets, “That

rtette,” consisting of Sylvester, Jones,
ingle and Merrell; thews and Ashlie’
Bailey and Austin, Rooney Sisters, i
Carleton and Alinei and monkey.

 

 

The Fays head the bill at the Colonial
Theatre this week. John C. Rice and Sally
Cohen will present their one act comedy
skit, “All the World Loves a Lover,” and
others on the strong bill include Edwin
Stevens, Will H. Murphy and Blanche
Nichola, The Rose de Haven Septette, Chris
Mepparee, Borsery's Dogs and Lydia and

no,

At the Alhambra the bill will be headed
by Arthur Prince, who will introduce an
entirely new line of ventriloquial wogk,
The list also containe Joe Welch, Stuart
Barnes, the Immensaphone, a musical
novelty; Mile. Marquis and her trained
ponies, Cook and Stevens, and Nettie Vesta.
As an extra feature Manager Williams has
retained Karno’s comedy company
of fifteen players, who will present an en-
tirely new pantomimic comedy, entitled
“The Jail Birds,” :

At Hammerstein's will be Clayton White
and Marie Stuart in a one act skit, “Dicky,”
Della Fox in new songs, Harry Gilfoil as
“Baron Sands,” the Cottrell-Powell troupe,
anether of last season's Hippodrome sensa-
tions, A. O. Duncan, ventriloquist, Ken-
a Rooney, singers and dancers, and
McDonald Sisters, singers.

The bill at Tony Pastor's includes Gracie
Emmett, ina hew German comedy sketch,
Miss Estelle Wordette & Co., J. Aldrich
Libby and Kaghryn Trayer, the Three
Famous Nudes, ward and Linder and the
Three Jacksons.

The Washi
attraction at

 

ngton ‘Society Girls will be the
the Dewey. ‘

Hurtig & Seamon’s will have the Gay
Morning Glories.

 

At the Gotham the New Century Girls is
the week's offering.

Cinematograph views of balloon racing
are to be seen at the Eden Muaée.

The Rentz-Sant y Company is announced
for the Murray Hill.

 

Huber’s Museum is Aeaturing Enoch, the
mao fish.

Ted Marks opens his Sunday concert
season at the American Theatre to-day
with two performances.

 

 

Crossing the Line.
From the Youth's ( -mpanion

One of the meet persistent of popular
fallacies is the belief in the “line storm,”
or great gale which always appears on or
about September 22, to mark the autumnal
equinox.

In apite of Weather Bureau records the
inhabitant unta the equinoctial
gales of the past, among the ple in

mera! there is a déep rooted belief that the
wich eenarates summer from autumn

®
* ly after a struggle
sod with ve A the eect of which reaches
event this. ae gr Diane

.

rs

 

THE NEW YORK DOUBLOON PUT
IN FIRST PLACE.

WPamouse Dollar of 1804 Only Fourth on the
Lat of Varieties—Cents Worth 61,000
er Bo Aplece—The_ Only Metal Piece
Cetmed by Confederate Gevernment.

Dealers say that the fifteen rarest
American coins are easily worth a total
of $16,000. Here are the fifteen:

First may be placed the New York doub-
loon, coined in this city in 1787 by Ephraim
Brasher, a jeweller. This coin has a record
price of only $806, but many experts regard
it as the scarcest of all the American issues,
and believe that if one were offered for
sale to-day it would bring $3,000 and perhaps
more.

Only five of these coins are definitely
known, one being in the cabinet of coins
in the Philadelphia Mint and the rest in
private collections. The doubloon is the
only gold coin of American coinage struck
prior to the opening of the United States
Mint in 1705.

The doubloon shows in the foreground
the sun rising beneath a range of mountains,
the sea at thetr foot. Beneath is the word
“Brasher,” while encircling the whole
device is the inscription “Nova Eboraca
Columbia Excelsior.” The reverse bas
an eagle, on his breast bearing a Unitéed
States shield, which is surstamped by a
punch “E. B.” Thirteen stare are above
the head.

In the right talon is held an olive branch,
while in the left is a bunch of arrows. A
wreath of olive leaves encircles the central
device, around this being the motto “Unum
E Pluribus.” The coin weighs 4114 grains,
and ite intrinsic value is about the same as
that of the Spanish doubloon, $16.

The next most valuable coins are the

half eagles dated 1615 and 1822, which are
worth respectively $2,000 and $2,165.
* The 1904 dollar, which is fourth on the
list, has a record price of $2,000. It is so
well known that it hardly requires de-
scription.

The fifth coin is the Washington cent of
1701, etruck in gold One thousand dollars
is a low estimate of ite value.

The cent was a pattern submitted for
adoption by the United States Govern-
ment at the beginning of operations of the
Mint. The design was not accepted, but
one specimen was struck in gold; that is,
so far as known, only one was struck,
though there may be others laid away and
forgotten; and this coin now ranks among
the great rarities.

On the obverse is a bust of Washington,
surrounded by the words, “Washington
President.” Below is the date, “1791.”

On the reverse is a large eagle with out-
stretched wings, bearing upon ita breast a
United States shield, with a number of
arrows in the right talon and a sprig of
olive in the left. At the top of the coin,
between the expanded wings of the eagle,
which fill almost the entire field, are the
words “One Cent.”

Ranking with thie coin in point of rarity
is the Washington half dollar of 1792, struck
in gold. This is supposed to have been
struck as a compliment to George Wash-
ington and to have been carried by him
as a pocket piece, as it shows some sign
of wear. It sold for $500 in 1875. d

It showa the bust.of Washington in mili-
tary uniform on the obverse. The inscrip-
tion reads “Washington President,” the
date, “1792,” below.

On the reverse is a rather small eagle
with expanded wings. Around the whole
device is “United States of America.” Be-
tween the pointe of the witge are thirteen
stars. One thousand dollars;is a con-
servative estimate of the value ‘of this coin,
but it is practically unobtainable.

The Nova Constellatio series comes poxt
in the list of great American rarities, with
the 1,000 mill pieces ranking seventh; the
600 mill pieces eighth and the 100 mill pieces
ninth. These three coins, which are dated
1783, were sold in a set some years ago for
$1,350, but would bring very much more
now.

They were all struck in pure silver, being
the forerunners of our fifty, twenty-five
and ten cent pieces. It is supposed that
they were designed by Gouverneur Morris
of New York and originally coined as pattern
pieces for a new United States coinage.
They were found in the desk of Charles
Thompson, first secretary of Congress, after,
his death. ’

The first two coins afe known as the mark
and the quint. The design of all three
pieces is similar, showing an eye in the
centre of thirteen points, these points inter-
secting a circle of thirteen stars. The
legend is “Nova-Constellatio.”

The reverse shows a wreath enclosing the
letters “U. S.," and the mark has “1,000” in
the centre of the wreath. ‘The quint has a
similar reverse with the exception that in
the centre is "500," while the ten cent piece
has “100.”

Many Nova Constellatio centa were coined
and circulated, and they are very plentiful
and not highly valued.

There is in existence one other specimen
of the quint, with an obverse somewhat
different from the one just described, which
ia worth every bit as much,

The Massachusetts Good Samaritan sbil-
ling, credited to New England, is well up in
the list of our most valuable coins, the only
specimen known having brought $650.
This shows the Good Samaritan attending
a fallen traveller by the roadside, a horse
and tree in the background. There is the
inscription ‘Masachvsets.” The reverse
has “1652 X1I.,” within a circle of dots, and
“In New England Ano.”

The Lord Baltimore penny is worth $550.
This is the only coin of the denomination
of the series of pieces struck by Cecil Cal-
vert in the seventeenth century for Mary-
landers, and it came very near getting him
into trouble, for on account of this issue
he was summoned to appear before the
Council in London to answer the charge of
usurping the royal prerogative in issuing
colonial money.

The other denominations were the shilling;
sixpence and groat, or fourpence. The
latter three denominations are worth from
$30 to $50 each

The reverse of the penny shows a.ducal
coronet on which, standing upright, are
two masts, each bearing a flying pennant.
The legend is “Denarivm Terre-Marie.”

The obverse shows the bust of Lord Bal-
timore in profile, slightly draped, facing
to the left. Around this is the inscription
“Cecilvs Dns. Terre-Mariw, &c.”

While this penny has a record price of
$650, still it is probable that it would bring
more than $1,000 if offered for sale. This
one specimen originally came from England

 

and was sold at the auction of the Mickley | hour or ao anc

collection in Philadelphia for $370. At a
subsequent sale it brought $550.

Twelfth in the list comes the Washington
New Jersey cent, which has a record price
of $610, but is easily worth more than $1,000.
It is unique. It shows the words “Gen.
Washington” around the bust of the patriot.
On the reverse is the shield always borne
by the New Jersey cents,.surrounded by
the motto “E Pluribus Unum.”

This coin was originally sold for a few
cents to a Philadeipbia dealer among a lot

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

     
 

of old copper coins, and it was not until
close examination that the dealer found
that’fdr a trifle he had come into the pos-
session of the rarest copper coin ever issued
in thie country.

“The ‘Continehtal Currency dollar should
rank next. This was the first silver coin
struck by authority of the Colonial Govern-
ment: On the abveme it bears the Franklin

motto “Mind Your Business” and the word
“Fugio.” The device shows the rays of the
aun sbining upon a sun dial.

Around the central device are the words
“Continéntal Currency.” On the reverseare
thirteen connected links, in each one ‘of
whioh is the name of one of the original
thirteen Colonies. '

This coin is very similar in pattern to th
Fugio cents of the same year, which.were
also authorized by the United Colonies. A
specimen Sf the Continenfal dollar is now
worth $600.

A New York cent struck in 1787 follows.

‘his shows an, Indian holding a tomabaw¥
in bis right hand, a bow in bis left, while on
his back is a quiver. Around this is the
inscription “Liber Natus Libertatem De-
fende.”

On the reverse are the arms of the State
of New York. An oval shield bears the
sun rising behind @ range of mountains, the
sea in the foreground. At the right of the
shield stands Juabtice with scales and sword,
at the left is Liberty with a staff.

An eagle stands above upon a globe with
outstretched wings. The inscription is
“Excelsior.” The coin is worth in the
neighborhood of $500.

The Confederate half dollar winds up the

list of fifteen rarities. Of these there are
only four known, The record price for thie
coin is $870. These were the only pieces of
metallic currency struck by authority of
the Confederate Government.
» When the Gonfederates seized the New
Orleans Mint in 1861 they at once laid plans
for a distinct coinage. Dies were made for
@ fifty cent piece. For some reason the
dies were not suitable for the regular coinage
press, so four pieces were struck on an old
screw press.

The obverse is the same as that of the
regular United States half dollar of the

ear 1861, but the reverse shows a Liberty

Pp, underneath being a beehive. This is
surrounded by the inscription “Confederate
States of America.”

THE YOUNG MAN WHO KNEW.

Information About Skim Milk and Red
Trimmed Chicken Yards.

“I feel as though I'd been attending a
summer school or university extension
course,” said a New York woman as she sank
into the nearest piazza chair of a Catekill
hotel and looked after the retreating car-
riage from which she had just alighted,
“If ever there is a chair of general informa-
tion created at any college the young man
who brought me up here just now should
have it.

“In the first place, we'd scarcely started
when we passed a huge wagon piled with
burlap bags, each containing what seemed
like a mammoth cream cheese. It amelled
just for all the world like one enormous
delicatessen shop. I said:

“Oh, is that the way you make cream
cheese up here in those great blocks, and then
send it down to the city to becut up in little
squares and wrapped in tin foil?’

*''Tisn’t cheese, it’s casein, skimmed
milk, you know, What they make piano
keys and buttons out of,’ was his reply.

*‘Buttona made of milk?’ I repeated, in
astonishment.

“Well, at that he began such a volley of
information that I can’t remember half he
said. He told me how they separated the
cream for butter at the creameries andjthen
extracted the casein from the skim milk,

“It seems the curd is pressed and baked
and dried and powdered ufitil it becomes
perfectly white and odorless. It's almost
like celluloid, only not inflammable. .

“He said it was used for all sorta of things,
like playing cards, expensive paper and pen
holders. Finally, as a sort of dismissal of
the entire subject, he said:

“Why, it’s practically

 

 

on the same

principle as making knife handles, combs |

and things out of blood.’

* ‘Blood?’ I repeated.

“ ‘Ob, yes,’ he continued, in the most
matter of fact tone, ‘Lots of blood at all
the big slaughter houses, you know.
be sure to find some use for that. It takes
@ fine polish and is solid and durable.’

“Just as | was getting over the shock of
this disclosure, 1 again noticed the deli-
catessen odor, This time there was no
wagon in sight, but over in the field was
what looked like a pond of milk.

* ‘Whatever is that?’ I inquired,

“‘Skim milk—oversupply. Neighbors
don't like it, but the creamery's got to get
rid of it somehow, so they pump it over
into that hollow in the field. Doesn't smell
very good,’ and at this he whipped up his
horses and tried to leave the pond of
skimmed milk in the distance 48 soon as
possible,

“I settled back for a moment, waiting
to see what would come next.

“In a few moments we came to several
prosperous looking farms. In every chicken
yard and here and there on the grounds
adjoining the houses were thrown bright
red blankets; in one place an old scarlet
shaw! and perhaps further on an antiquated
red portiere. . .

“ ‘What are all the red things for?’ I in-
quired.

“‘Hawks,’ he replied sententiously. ‘A
hawk'il never tonch a chicken if there's
anything red around, Thought every-
body knew that.’

“I felt rebuked ana kept silent for som
‘= ° alias | it didn’t ‘pear to make no diff'rence what- |

time.

“We'd gone quite a distance when I sud-
denly looked down.on my lap and was dis-
mayed to find that my fountain pen, which
I always carry in my handbag, had evidently
begun to leak and the ink was gently oozing
through the seam in the leather,

“What shall I do?’ I exclaimed as I showed

him the generous black spot right on the
front of my light skirt.

“‘Ink’s easy enough to get out,’ he said
in the most unconcerned manner. ‘i'll
stop at the next house we come to and
get some salt.’

**Salt?’ I repeated.

“'Well, any absorbent’s good,
off them'll leave a grease spot.

best.”

“He reined up at the next house and I
held the horses while he went in. Soon
he reappeared with a handful of salt done
up in a piece of heavy brown paper.

“Putting a piece of the paper under the
cloth, he covered the ink spot on both sides
with the salt and rubbed it vigorously,
blowing away the top layer eve
momenta and putting on Zresh salt.
you see, it hardly shows at all now and he
assured me just now when he drove away
that by putting salt under the spot and
over it, eens it remain that way for an

then finishing the treatment
with another thorough rubbing, not a trace
of the ink stain wourd remain.
For Clean Oaths.
From the London Tribune

At the commencement of the business at High
gate Police Court Sir Francis Cory Wright called
attention to the fact that “The Book” upon which
witnesses were to be sworn in future had celluloid
washable covers. He thought every one would
agree that a desiradie improvement had been
effected. On the cover are the arms of the county
of Middiesex. It will be the duty of the usher of
the court @ keep the cover clean,

but most
Salt's the

 

They'd

 

|

   

HE YAP HFARS OF |
THE STRAIGHT FLUSH

 

 

 

 

And Sees Billy Bixby’s Gun—
Whereupon He Passes Up
Fours and His Hat.

 

“They is a heap o’ different idees about
what makes a man to be most admired,”
said old man Greenhut, chewing thought-
fully on the end of a cigar butt. “Some
adinires stren’th, an’ some considers a slick
tongue to be the almightiest properest
attribute o’ mankind. What one dog'll
eat another dog’!l sniff at ’n'Jeave. ‘Pears
like there ain't no identical way o’ tellin’
what the reel standard o' admiration had
ought for to be.

“Stands to reason everybody has his own
idee, when he's got ‘brains enough for'to
frame up idees about anythin’. But if a
man winds his head up reg'lar every night,
80's "Vit goes steady all the time, he’s tol’able
certain for to have idees of hia own, even
if they hain’t al'ays c’rect.

“My hotion is, "t next to a first class
fightin’ man the noblest work o’ God is a
feller 't keeps hisself level headed, no matter
what's goin’ on. ‘Pears like you can’t
rattle ‘em nohow. I knowed a man oncet
that was blowed up into a dynamite ex-
plosion, somepin’ like a mile an’ a half in
the air, an’ when he started back, havin’
gone as fur as he was sent, he seen he was
goin’ to land in the river. Not bein’ much
of a awimmer, he took off his clo’es an’
when he got as fur-as his shoes, havin’
shucked off everythin’ else, he had trouble
with the strings, so to save time he took
out his jackknife an’ cut 'em. Stands to
reason he wouldn't ‘a’ thought o' that,
‘thouten he'd been tol’able cool headed.”

“Sounds like your friend was lyin’ some,”
said Joe Bassett. “If he'd shucked off all
his clo'es, where'd he git the knife?”

“Does ‘pear some p’cooliar,” said old
man Greenhut, after thinking a moment;
“but don't you see, Joe, 't his cloe’s must
‘a’ been fallin’ right ‘long side of him. |
Likely he reached out an’ got his breeches,
an’ felt in the pocket. Couldn't ‘a’ did it
no other way's I see.

“But that’s neither here nor there. What
I was sayin’ was 't the idee! citizen is him
that don’t never get rattled, no matter what
happens. There was a feller named Billy
Bixby 't come here f'm Vicksburg some
years ago 't ‘peared like he were some
gifted thataway, an’ built up quite some
of a reppytation ‘fore it was saw 't he o'd
be scared same as any other man.

“The way he come ashore was some
remarkable, an’ more'n likely "twas that 't
give him some repute to start with. It
were the time the Belle 'o the Bayous blowed
up, here by the levee, just as she was tyin’
up.

“Well, Billy Bixby, he were standin’ on
the upper deck, havin’ took passage f'r
Memphis, an’ not takin’ no special mterest
into none o’ the stoppin’ places.

“Next thing he knowed, he was bustin’
through the hotel window, head fust, an’
landin’ all in a heap up against the bar.
There was a Dutchman, name o’ Mark

Bottleheimer, was takin’ a drink at the
time, an’ Bixby got mingled up with Bottle-
heimer's legs, somehow, so't Bottleheimer
spilled his whiskey. Bein’ hasty like, same
as a good many Dutchmen is, he wanted
to fight.

“But Billy Bixby says no, he won't fight.
‘More 'n that,’ says he, ‘I didn’t have no
intention o’ comin’ ashore here, an’ I won't
pay f'r no window glass. I wouldn't ‘a’
broke it if you hadn't shoved it in the

way. Spillin’ whiskey 's different. I hain't
no ‘bjections to standin’ treat if that’s
agreeable, bein’ as 1 feel some need of a
drink my ownself.’

“So they told him that was agreeable
an’ he got up an’ treated. Then he said
he reckoned he'd go an’ see where the
boat was. He had a bunch o’ niggers

 

aboard he was reck'nin’ on sellin’ up to
Memphis. When they found there wa'n't
no boat nor po niggers he said he reckoned
he mought as well stay bere as to leave.
That's how Billy Bixby come to be a citizen
o' Napoleon, which was Arkansas. City
afore the war. He sure did make it some
wakeful ‘round town up to the time he
j’ined the army.

“It was playin’ poker "t 'peared to be his

strong holt. I reckon there wa'n’t never
a time ‘t this here town didn’t have the
best brand o' poker 't there was along the
river, but Billy Bixby sure did teach the

boys things they never knowed till he
come, One thing, they played nothin’
but straight poker then. There wa’n't no
draw an’ it were mostly a question o’
bluff. But he showed 'em stud poker, an’
the hull.towpn went mad over it f’r a spell.
I hain’t no ‘bjections to stud poker 'xcept
it’s gamblin’, but then straight poker is

gamblin’, too. Hit was on'y when the
draw was interjuced inter the game 't it
become a science instead of a vice.

“This here Billy Bixby were a_ born
gambler. '‘Peared like he must ‘’a’ been
brung up with a proper regard f'r the
Scripture, f'r he uster tell how hia old man
had impressed it on his mind with a hoss
whip 't King Solomon told the truth when
he said, ‘Him as deala with a slack hand
gits poor.’

“I will say f'r Billy Bixby "t he didn’t
hold a slack hand frequent when he was
dealin’ the cards hisself. But the real
moral excellence o' th’ man showed up
when it come to a bluff. When he'd sure
made up his mind to get away with a pot, |

Snr

| somever whether t’other man had the best |

few |
As |

|

 

hand or not. The pot went where Billy
Bixby had settled f'r to have it go.

 

|

HAT isthe difference between
a good and a bad cocktail?

Mixing—if the liquors are good.

Perfect mixing is the reason why
CLUB COCKTAILS are always

smooth and delicious. They are
mixed of the finest liquors by |
measure—then aged. Every bottle |
of CLUB COCKTAILS proves
their superiority. cy
Just strain through
cracked ice and serve.

Seven varieties; eachone
delicious—of all good gro-
cers and dealers, .

   

 

 

 

*I call to mind one game as was played
Into my back room 't maybe had some to do
with establishin’ the reppytation of Arkan-
sas City. There was three or four citizens
had begin to set up an’ take notice o’ the
chances there was in cards; bein’ as they
had a leader like in Billy Bixby, an’ there
was some few yaps had felt into the game
accidental_an’ had been helped home to tell
what Arkansas City was gettin’ tobe. Jim
Hopper was one on ‘em, an’ I will say f’r
Hopper 't while he wa'n't strong on poker
sense, he were al'ays ready to stand by
when Bixby ‘peared to be liable for to need
a friend.

“Well, there were a yap f*m Cape Girar-
deau blowed in here the day afore, 'n’ he'd
did some talkin’ o’ the superior poker 't
was played up his way. The boys didn’t
*pear to mind that none, but when he went
on to say 't there wa’n’t nobody f’m outside
could ceme to Cape Girardeau 'n get away
with one pot in seven Billy Bixby he got
some het up, 'n’ he said, Pears like this
here Cape Girardeau mought be some of
a place. Pity they don't ontie one or two
o’ them players now an’ again an’ let 'em
get out an’ see how poker is played where
she lives.’

“So the yap—he called hisself Gus Hep-
piton—he says he plays some an’ there
ain't no strings on him. So Billy Bixby he
says, ‘That the on’y hat you got?’ An’ the
yap says ‘Yes,’ kind o’ wonderin’.

“‘Well,” says Billy Bixby, ‘I ain’t got but
one myself, an’ that’s on my head now.
I'll tell you what ['lldo. I'll play you seven

hands o' stud poker an’ I'll bet my hat :

agin yourn 't you won't win none on ‘em.
If you lose you ain't for to get no other
hat till you get home.’

“'Peared like the yap was game, an’ he
gays done, so they played that night. Billy

Bixby he dealt first off, an’ they both got |

their buried cards,an’ Heppiton got a queen
an’ Billy Bixby a seven.

“Heppiton bet ten dollars, an’ Bixby |

seen it. Then he dealt another queen an’
another seven, an’ Heppiton bet twenty-
five, an’ Billy Bixby raised him a hundred.
Looked like he’d got the third seven buried,
an’ when Heppiton 'd studied a spell he
folded,

“Then he dealts an’ Billy Bixby’s first
showin’ card was a eight an’ Heppiton’s
was a six. Billy Bixby bet ten an’ Hep-
pites seen it, an’ dealt. Next turn Billy
Bixby gets a ace an’ Heppiton catches an-
other six. He bets fifty, an’ Billy Bixby
makes it-a hundred, an’ the yap studies
again,

“Bimeby he says, ‘Maybe you mought
have a pair o’ aces an’ maybe you
moughtn’'t,’ an’ he seen the raise.

“Then Billy Bixby gets a four an’ Heppi-
ton gets a king. Then he bets a hundred,
an’ it’s up to Billy Bixby to study, bein’
as Heppiton was liable for to have kings
up, but he seen it an’ they took their last
cards, Billy Bixby’s were a ace an’ Heppi-
ton's were a jack.

“Well, Billy Bixby he bet ten dollars, an'
Heppiton saw. So Billy Bixby dealt again
an’ there wa'n’t no struggle. He catched
a pair o’ jacks on his first two showin’
cards, an’ Heppiton catched a ten an’ a
eight.

“Next. hand.come to a. showdown, f'r
Heppiton had eights back to back an’
Billy Bixby had a queen turned an’ a ten
showin’. He bet ten an’ Heppiton slipped
his chancet. Havin’ his pair pat he didn’t
back ’em quick enough. Only just seen
the bet. Next turn Billy Bixby gets another
ten an’ Heppiton gets a jack. Billy Bixby
bets a hundred an’ the yap studies a long
time. Then he says he'll take a chance,
an’ he deals another turn, gettin’ another
jack, an’ Billy Bixby gettin’-a ace. They
was both studyin’ by this time, an’ Billy
Bixby passes the bet, just to see what
Heppiton 'd do. So Heppiton bets a hun-
dred on his two pairs, an’ Billy Bixby sees
it, an’ they get their last cards.

“Billy Bixby’s is a queen an’ Heppiton’s
is a four spot. Him havin’ the high hand
showin’ he bets another hundred an’ Billy
Bixby calls, winnin’ the’ pot, o' course,

“That made four deals 'thouten the
yap takin’ a pot, an’ two more deals comin’
to Billy Bixby to the yap's one, Cape
Girardeau hats ‘peared to be waverin’ in
the breeze.

“Heppiton didn’t have no show at al
in the next deal, Billy Bixby catchin’ three
nines in aight, with Heppiton showin’ a
queen, eight an’ tray, so they didn’t get
no last cards, but when Heppiton dealt
there was some of a struggle. ‘Pears he got
a ace o’ spades buried an’ a king showin’
ag'in Billy Bixby’s sevens back to back.
He bet, an’ Billy Bixby raised, an’ he stayed.
Then Billy Bixby caught a six an’ bet fifty

| on his two sevens, an’ Heppiton stayed
| with a nine o’ spades.

“Then Billy Bixby caught
an' Heppiton another spade.

another six
So Billy

| Bixbys he seen plain enough what Heppi-
| ton 'd be lookin’ for, an’ he says;

‘T sure
hain’t no 'bjections to your drawin’ f’r that
flush, but I c’n make it some 'xpensive,
It'll cost you five hundred.’ ©’ course
if the yap had understood the p'centage
o’ the game he wouldn't never have paid
no such money to draw f’r a flush when

| there was only about seven hundred in
| the pot, but he were game enough, an’

he put up.

“Then on the last turn he ‘caught his
fifth spade all right an’ Billy Bixby got a
seven, an’ bet a thousand dollars, which
was good judgment, f’r it looked like it
was a bluff. If he'd bet less, likely the
yap 'd 'a’ give him credit f’r a fuji, but as
‘twas, he called, an’ 0’ course lost, an’ it
come to the last deal, Billy Bixby havin’
the deck.

“Nobody never know'd what the buried
cards was that time, but Feppiton had a
deuce showin’ an’ Billy Bixby a seven.
He bet ten an’ Heppiton stayed. Next
cards was another deuce an’a eight, an’
Heppiton put up twenty-five on his pair o’
deuces, 80 Billy Bixby he stayed. ‘A pair
0’ deuces ain't much to beat,’ he says
careless like.

“Then Heppiton he catched a third deuce
an’ bet @ bundred dollars. Billy Bizhy

 

      
  
 

 

 

catched a nine, makin’ a seven, eight, nine

showin’ an’ all on ‘em hearts. He turned

| up the corner of his buried card mighty

' careful, an’ looked at it f'r some time afore
he spoke. Then he says: ‘Well, | mough
beat three of a kind yet. I reckon I'll gg

| you.’ An’ he puts up his hundred.
“Well, the next turn give Heppiton the

other deuce an’ Billy Bixby the ten 0’

Then Heppiton, he laughed, and he aay,

‘*Pears like t’ain't no use for to go any

| further. You‘can’t beat four of a kindf
an’ he starts to rake the pot.

“But Billy Bixby, he says: ‘Hold on
minute. You can't take no pot off'nt
table 'thouten you make a bet.’
“An’ the yap says: ‘Excuse me. O' cour

you're right, under the rules,’ an’ he throw

| in a white chip an’ starte to rake the

| again.

| “But Billy Bixby says again:

| stranger. That pot ain't yourn, not ye

I raise you just $3,000,’ an’ he put up t

!

 

 

‘Hold ong

money.

“Then the yap looked at him, sort o° wildy
an' he says: ‘Be you plumb crazy? 1
got four of akind. You can't beat fours.’

“But Billy Bixby says: ‘I'm just betti@?
you $3,000 I’ve got a straight flush, an’ @
straight flush beats fours. . Maybe you
hain’t learned that, up to Cape Girardeau”

“ ‘We sure hain't,’ said Heppiton. ‘Who
Straight
wa'n't played universal, them days, an’ I
reckon he didn't quite understand. He
learned about 'em some soon, though.

“ ‘Well,’ said Billy Bixby, ‘we've heerd
of ‘em down this way, even if we don’t
get ’em frequent. I reckon you don't le
us country men come into Cape Girardeau
'n’ tell you how to play poker. Similar we
don't allow yaps to give us no instructiong
| here in Arkansas City. In reel poker a
| straight flush beats fours, do you savvy?
| An’ this is reel poker.’
|

ever heerd of a straight flush?’
!
|

“While he was talkin’ he'd took ont hig
gun, sort o’ careless like, an’ sat lookin’ af
it with one eye an’ watchin’ the yap clos@
| with ’tother. 'N’ just then I noticed %
Jim Hopper had moved ‘round toward
Heppiton’s right hand an’ stood there, sor®
o’ p’pared, fingerin’ his own weepon, thougl
he hadn't drawed it.

“That was what I was tellin’ you all about
Billy Bixby. "Peared like he was al'ays
ready f'r a emergency, an’ it sure did look
like this here Heppiton 'd give rise to @
emergency some sudden,

But he wa'n’t a born fool if he were @
yap. He seen the situation, an’ gettin’ up
he says: ‘You uns c’n have my hat; 'n' I
reckon’ maybe by the time I get through
goin’ bareheaded I may have sense enough
not to play poker so fur f'm home.'”

 

THINKING TOO MUCH.

Danger of Overexertion of the Bralp
Pointed Out by a Spectalist.

From the Washington Star.

“The brain is man’s most faithful friend
and would be man's best companion if he
understood it better,” said a prominend
specialist.

“Il use the word brain to comprehend what
we term the mind and the process of thinke
ing, and not asa physical object or a medium
which directs our actions or through which
we, or the animate spirit, directs us, just as
theorists please to take it—we will look upon
it as a thing with which we may hold com-
munion and proceed upon that hypothesis

“On the stage the prize idiot in the cast,
usually a young nobleman or a dude, al-
ways faises a laugh when with a vacant
stare and set features he speaks his lines
about the effort of thinking and the wearye
ing effect such a mental procesa produces
upon his physical being. He really speaks
a greater truth than either he or the audience
takes in, for thinking is an effort, be the
thought in itself ever so frothy and ephemeral,
and could we lessen the process of thought
at will, as an engineer applies the air brakes
to his train, much of the trouble and disease
in life would vanish like the meadow vapor
before the rays of the rising sun.

“It is this impossible process entirely to
sti what is called the thinking process which
is one of the most interesting studies of the

 

a a SD

epecialist, for it is, plainly speaking, the
inability of the individual to eliminate cere
tain thoughts, or a certain thought, from
the brain cella, or to atill it into inactivity,
which fills the insane asylums, produces
nervous wrecks in other individuals and

causes trouble, confusion and chaos all around
in everyday life.
“Persons to whom this fact appeals should
| endeavor to take their own brain into come
munion with their own selves; to set it uD
as another person, with whom ther may
hold converse, and the objective and sube
Jectivemind admits of this through conscious

action, and in some happy and fortunate ne
dividuals through unconscious action.

“A little practice will make this possible
to the student, though his progress #1/) 5@
by degrees and not in one jump. He should
first understand that thinking is largely ®

  

matter of habit; that the brain is one of the
most willing Organs in his body at his come
wmand, and, honest and faithful as it is
him, will respond to his calls upon it He
should therefore give it as much needed
rest as possible by the process of sleep vod
during waking houra by not calling upod
it for thought except when necessary. J! @
average person vil! put in a tremen ious
amount of unnecessary thought effort upoo
the simplest everyday matter of life

“Again, he will allow his objective t i
to cling to one or several thoughts with
persistent tenacity. In this event he weirs
out particular cells of his best friend snd
where this habit # maintained he offen °°
ecmes A nuisance to his friends and fant)
by developing into what is termed @ Ati
and at times he exhausts these sane
in this manner and lands in the asylum

“Most people use their braina tov 1 "
either in utter idie waste or in overcod:
centratgd work, and when their best [ end
begins to show a mild resentment by We
ing signs of fatigue they ply iw» ths 5
lants which science or the distiilery hete
placed at their disposal. Even unde here
mean circumetances the brain, discus od
though it is with such shabby treatnirl|s
goes on doing the best it can fer ita ow net
until temporary insensibility, insani! r
death ensues

“It will be found that cocperation * tb
the brain in the procesa of stilling oug?
is not aa difficult as would be supposed. (Of
the brain will remain quiescent 14 you # {
only. permit it. and Jhecome atrenathen™
thereby, just as it will respend te the mie
of exhaustion when called upon. Th
theory is very easily. evolved into success)

t

act

practice, and I cemmend it to men of
mindy. eapc cially profeasional men ra
wil found to lessen nervous tens”
soothe the temper, promote the anpet''® 4°
duce nature in otherwise oervous
= bouc eeable people.”
,