5 tinea etme

eae

ee

   

 

  
     
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
  

  

FARMERS MOVING TO TRXAS.

A GREAT LAND BOOM ON IN THE
PANHANDLE,

TR etree

Practically@All the Big Ranches Sold to
Land Companies, Which Are Taking te
Texas Farmers From lowa, Nebraska,
Kansas and Missourt—Prices Soaring.

Westerners are having another virulent
attack of land fever, A couple of years ago
it was Oklahoma to which the home seeker
was steored. Then it was Canada. Now it
fe Texas. If a third of the farmers from
Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas and Missouri who
have gove down there this fall remain it
won't be long until Texas is among the
doubtful political States.

This is no spontaneous outburst, but the
result of the business methods of the land
agents. In the last two years practically
all the big ranches in the Texas Panhandle
have been bought by land companies.
These have arranged with the railroads to
run excursion trains from as far East as
Indianapolis at half fare.

Their Eastern agents gather up the
farmers who will come, and these are all
bunched at Kansas City, Wichita or El Reno,
and there Westerners who know the land
thoroughly and can talk a mummy into
a purchase take charge.

‘Amarillo, Tex., is the centre of the big
land boom. Two years ago it was @ cattle
shipping point, the centre of the gigantio
LX ranch, with several hundred inhabitants?
To-day it has 8,000, and nightly people have
to sleep on the streets for lack of accommo-
sations.

The old ranch was twenty-seven miles
wide and sixty long, and was all under fence.
There were 1,200 sections, or nearly 770,000
acres. The company bought the land
originally for 29 cents an acre.

The land boom in the Panhandle began
when the company that owned the ranch
divided it up into sections and began offering
it at from $1,500 to $2,500 asection. A fourth
of the land is yet unsold, but the company
has gathered in six millions for the land
disposed of.

Ite sale value is now from $10 to $20 an
acre.

There are other big ranches in the Pan-
handle, out in the Big Pasture, as they call
it. These are all being cut up and offered
to the hungry land seekers.

Everybody in the towns thereabouts is
a land agent and speculator. The company
pays a commission to all who can prove
they had a hand in getting a man to invest,
and there is no rest for the wayfarer who
isn’t hunting land.

If he crop: into the bar to get a drink,
if he steps on a street corner to wipe his
fevered b.1ow, if he steps into a barber shop,
the bartender or the pedestrian or the
cone will come forward with the glad

and.

“Stranger hereabouts, are ye?”

“Yea.”

“Been looking at some land?”

It doesn’t particularly matter ff you
haven't. The formula is the same.

“We have the best land in the count
down here. If you have not bought yet,
let me put ros on to a nice little snap—
mone ub in a year on this.”

And then begins business.

There is keen rivalry between the agents,
but they have an understanding that it is
bands off as hong as a man has a customer
fm tow. And understandings are pretty
well kept down in the Panhandle.

In some of the towns they have property
farmers, residents who promenade the
streets dressed up like agricuiturists, and
whom the agent with a customer in hand
accidentally meets.

“Hello, Bit calla out the agent, and
his outstretched hand is grasped by the

roperty farmer. “When did you drive in?
How were your crops this year? Haven't
ou for two months,” and #0 on,
ore long the property farmer is tell-
ing all about the big crops he raised and
the good prices he secured, all for the
benefit of the newcomer.

The buckboard has been superseded in
the Panhandle by the automobile for the
use of land agents. There is one advan-
tage in using the auto as a means of con-
veyance that does not usually impress
the land buyer until afterward. That is,
it leasens distances from towns, or helps
to deceive the buyer into believing that
the farm shown him is only out a few
miles, when it may be fifteen or twenty.

One firm of land dealers in Hereford
has two automobiles. It uses. these to
transport customers to its great tract of
land twenty miles away, where it conducts
a private hotel for their accommodation,

 

is very level, the sod is solid,
of short, ou z, buffalo grass, and it is al-
most as good for travel as an asphalt street.
There isn't enough rain to hurt the roads
at any time, but the land buyer is not told
this fact.

The surface here and there di
saucerlike depressions. The subsoil being
clay, when it rains lakes form in t
hollows in a night. In a week they have
disappeared

‘There
however, to make some of these lakes

resent the appearance of permanent
fat tut ions and the land agent employs them

ight handily in elinching hia propositions.
The Panhandle contains about 25,000 square
miles, and practically all of it has been sold
several times in the last three years.

The final unloading is now on. Take a
farmer from Illinois and Jowa, and he
finds it difficult to make more than 6 per
cent. on his $125 an acre land at home. A
quarter section will readily sell for $20,000,
and with that sum he gets from 1,000 to
4,000 acres in Texas, or land enough for all
of the boys and some left to make a new

on,

One Desa Moines firm has options on
750,000 acres in three counties. The firm
has agreed to build 150 miles of railroad
through the counties and to plant 15,000
settlers there within eighteen months. It
looks now as though it would have no diffi-
culty in making good.

It recently ran a special train of Iowa
farmers, men who represented 1,000 fam ilies
in their section, in a land spying tour, down
into Lubbock county, and sold them a bi,
tract of land in a body. It is not unusual
for a considerable portion of the residents
of one county in the older States to trans-
plant itself in a body to Texas.

The Panhandle is described as a pre
country to look at, with a delightful climate,
owing to the high altitude. Its one draw-
back, about which little is said, is the depth
one must go for water. It is seldom found
at leaa than 300 feet, and sometimes one has
to go three times that distance.

hart, one of the boom towns, has a
citizen in the person of A. A. Royal, who
thinks that fortune has served him a scurvy
trick. . He bought a section four years ago,
before the boom began, for $1.50 an acre.

That took all his money, and when he
eame to dicker for the sinking of a well he
found the regulation price a foot to be about
the same as the price of the land an acre.
He had to have the weil, however, and in

yment for it gave the well man a deed

‘or 820 acres. e@ recently sold his 320 for
$18 an acre, which netted him nearly $3," 00
profit. But he can’t forget that the actual
cost to him of that well was $4,160.

There'll be a lot of dead towns in the
Panhandle when the bottom drops out of
this boom, aa it will; but while it lasts the
folks are having a good time. Men who had
nothing a few years ago are rich new. Two-
thirds of the business blocks are occupied

land agents. .

Where Dalhart, a town of 3,900, now
noe was formerly the range of Jess

ins, He sold it to a town site company
for $500. The agent offered him ten blocks
in the town if he would give it a good boost
to the buyers who came along.

Jenkins ran the man who mace the propo-
sition off his place. He explains that he
Senge it was simply a big robbing scheme,
and he didn’t want the ten »locks for a gift.

‘Jenkins had been there for twenty-five
— me see —, it wae, Goes

past land. ew ¢ a ‘o
a business oer for b rend te ight
putting a 009 on it. hes
Sangeet hie mind. :
The preqident of the biggest bank was

he qountry

into

   

bas been rain enough this summer,

 

ter who located near by
and the land he ao-
sold for $75,000.

an old buffalo
cemuieedt he, poeeptl
cumu t
One story i fs tofa ty girl
six months ago.

She got $25 a month, and was so poguler
with guests t practically all of the
land agents had her on their staff of boosters.
She made enough in commissions to make
geod investmentaéa, She now owns the

otel, clears $500 a jnonth with it, and won't
marry the best mag in town.

Railroad men. are, also in the pay of the
land agente, and they make « additigns
to their salaries by. the advice they give
travellers. The spedulation that has pre-
vailed for che last year has caused a steady
advance in prices, But the conservative
fellows, the old timers, say that the perene
can’t last. Twenty dollars an acre is too
much for the land. "

It is about the same quality as western
Kansas land, has the aa’ uite grase
covering, ‘jut ite development will be slow,
and rainfail must materially increase before
it can be profitably tilled. But with prices
advancing, nobody cares; and everybody
ia making money. r

ed

 

“WISE MONEY.”

Influences Brought to Bear on the Man
in the Betting Ring.

The betting ring ia a whirl of excitement,
augmented by the appearance of the “wise
money,” this coming from the punters,
who are supposed to know a little more than
any one else.

These men bet large sums, varying from
$2,000 to $10,000, and are supposed to make
princely incomes by so doing, says a writer
in Outing.

Look through the list of plungers of
even five years ago, and with the exoep-
tion of the deceased Pittsburg Phil what is
the individual bank account?

This whirl upsets t he individual Judgment,
causing a man to switch from 4 precon-
ceived horse with a chance to win, accord-
ing to his individual ideas, to another horse
of which he knows nothing but rumor.
This departure from the one beaten track
of each individual is just as fatal in racing
as in any other business.

Take the bookmaker as an instance,
sitting day by day, saeeng the public make
selections and wteadfaat y wagering him
the said selections will not win, certain
that he has 60 per cent. in his favor at the
start.

Realizing this che bookmaker spares no
effort to augment the swirl. Hence the
clever delay in the announcement of the
prices, the constant rush of the messengers
and the intermittent and startling varia-
tions of prices in the individual book.

No matter whether the individual book-
maker has done any business on that par-
ticular horse or not, he varies the prices in
obedience to the index of the figurehead,
thus keeping up the guessing hurrah.

Ninety per cent. of the wild rumors as to
the trials, the condition, the chances, of
certain horses in each race have t heir genesis
with the bookmakers, who know that nearly
every man, even those of long years of
ne, is looking for information.

 

from time to time, wild rushes are

Where from, no one knows.
here comes an apparent plunge on two or

three horses no one thought seriously of.

The prices are cut from 50to 1to IO to 1,
some one atartaa whisper “from the stable,
and the weaker of the visitors are hooked.
Take up any tabulated chart of any day’s
racing and note the long shot horses played
down which finished nowhere.

One can never find a central figure for
such a vortex. “Stables” do not put their
money down that way. It is to the interest
of the stable, equally with the interest of the
bookmaker, to keep any such legitimate
transaction as much from the notice of the
public as possible.

Sen ATER
WITH A MIND OF HIS OWN.
The Sort of Man That Mr. Stiggly Fanctes
Here Set Forth.

“I like a man with a mind of his own,”
said Mr. Stiggly. “Right or wrong,I like
a man who knows what he thinks and who
is not afraid to speak it. I hate a man
who dcesn’t know what he thinks, or who
is afraid to say what he does think,

“Now there's Jones. I say to Jones, on
a lowery morning:

“‘What do you think, Jonesy? Think
I'd better take an umbrella?’

“And Jones says:

“ ‘Take an umbrella? Why, within twen-
ty-two minutes it'll be raining blue, green
and purple pitchforks; and if you haven't
got a boiler iron umbrella with I-beam
ribs you'll be speared to death and then
drowned. Sure you want an umbrella!’

“Or suppose it had happened to be Rob-
ineaon I asked; another man who knows
what he thinks, and Robinson says:

“‘Umbrella? Foolish! In twenty min-
utes it'll beclear asabell. All blue sky.’

“Now, of course, Jones and Robinson
couldn’t both be right, but I would rather
lug an umbrella uselessly, following Jones,
or get drenched following Robinson—be
led by a man who had a mind of his own
and wasn’t afraid to speak it—than to hear
what I would get from Snibbly if I asked

grompnated.

EE
eee
ee

hi °

# peter take an umbrella, hadn’t I?’
I aay to Snibbly, to hear him saying:

“ ‘Ye-es, I suppose it would be safer.’

“Snibbly doesn’t know what he thinks
about the weather, or about anything eise;
and if he does know what he thinks he
doesn't say it. He sides in with me; he thinks
it would be safer!

“I like the man with a mind of his own,
and he is, everywhere, the man that makes
the wheels go ‘round.”

 

JEWISH LANDOWNERS.

In Europe They Hold 248 Times as Much
as They Did 40 Years Ago.

The anti-Jew faction in Russia declares
that even with the present restrictions
the Jews have managed to acquire a large
portion of land, for which the following
figures are quoted in the Jewish magazine,
the Menorah:

“Within the Pale the real estate of the
Jews advanced from 16,000 dessiatins in
1860 to 148,000 in 1870, 370,000 in 1880, 537,000
in 1890, and to 1,265,000 in 1900

“In the kingdom of Poland the Jews
held 16,000 dessiatins in 1860, 148,000 in 1870,
870,000 in 1880, 537,000 in 1890, and 1,265,000

: in 1900.

"In Barepene Russia outside the Pale
* Jewish landholding is said to have increased
1 248 times in forty years in the following
{ proportion: In 1860, 3,000 dessiatins; in
870, 18,000 dessiatins; in 1880, 96,000 des-
siatins; in 1890, 262,000 dessiatins, and in
1900, 745,000 dessiatins.”

According to these statistics the total
holdines of the Jews throughout the Rus-
sian Empire, which only amounted to
70,000 deasiatins in 1860, reached in 1900
the high figure of 2,381,057 dessiatins, out
of which the Jews own as their property
1,445,000 dessiatins, while the remaining
935,000 deasiatins are rented by them as
tenants.

 

SOME THINGS NATURE MAKES.

Wooden Bowls ‘and Glass Pipes, Cloth,
Ropes and Lace.

Nature is something of a manufacturer
herself.

In the case of a certain cactus marvellous
natural pottery is produced. Woodpeckers
excavate nests in the trunk and branches,
and to protect itself the plant exudes a
sticky juice, which hardens, forming a
woody lining to the holes made by the birds.
Eventually the cactus dies and withers
away, but the wooden bowls remain.

As a weaver Nature also produces
fine work. Certain tree barks and leaves
furnish excellent cloth, as, for instance,
the famous tapa cloth used in the South
, Sea Islands,

Nature is a glassmaker, too, according
to the Indian Review. By. discharging her

\ lightning into beds of quartz sand she
forms exquisite little pipes of glass,

She makes valua’ ropes of various
kinds in the vines and
sane, ee is éven a lace maker,
aw the lébe tree of the West

fi

 

sistance: “ait: <eheeageaapaeeamms mse sesaateiaaaiaeaiatadisin esigielemansimanssil,

 

|
|

|
Pepys, who no’ a in his diary most of the
|

epee i

= = insite snaieciennemaae

  

the wall coverings.

exclusively at this store.

WALL PAPER

' No detail of housefurnishing gives greater oppor-
tunity for display of individuality and good taste than

We study carefully the requirements of each pur-
chaser, and the specialized knowledge of our expert
salesmen insures artistic results, irrespective of cost.

Our methods of displaying paper in large surfaces
and under artificial as well as natural light take all the
guesswork out of your selection.

Our immense stock comprises all that is best in
foreign and domestic wall coverings, most of them shown

For the Drawing Room

| borders, and particularly our new
ot Soirettes.
25c., 30c., 50c. to $7.00

per rol.
For the Bed Room

Chintz and Dresden effects, ' toned

all the natural

10c., 15¢., 25c. to $3.00

Lin-O- Wall, our popular imported relief material, which is shown
in a number of new designs in the popular shades of red, green, leather,
ivory, etc., is superior to any known wall hanging. Especially adaptable
for Halls and Dining Rooms. Being solid relief it does not show wear

—|__ BROADWAY

BUCKLES FOR THE COLLECTOR

   

 

 Self-toned Damask and Brocatelle silk
effects, Louis XVI., Rococo, Moires, with

AT 19th ST.

 

    
  

For the Dining Room
and Library
plop st ete
latest decerat
lonial, and Modern Art Papers,
15c., 25c., 35c. to $5.00
per roll.

For the Hall
Oriental and Ti ies, self.
in all the new ’ Imita-
plain and printed Veloutines,

ete.
18c., 25¢., 40c. to $5.00

 

way. In America precise and conservative
people wore 4s clothes and buckled
shoes till about t time of the second
visit of Lafayette, and when he appeared

ONCE THEY ADDED DIGNITY TO | iD yellow trousers etrapped under his

THE DRESS OF MAN.

Also Gave Daintiness to Woman's Footgear
—Driven Out by the Picbetan Shoestring
After a Reign of Two Centuries —Many
Varieties for thé Collector’s Chdice.

The rival cities of Sheffield and Birming-
ham in England have long been at odds as
to the number and value of their respective

Sheffield still prides herself on her manu-
facture of what is now known as Sheffield
plate, carefully concealing the fact that it
was made at Birmingham also, and says
that Birmingham is noted for three things
only—buttons, buckles and riots.

People can hardly appreciate ta-day the
great change which the use of buttons has
made in the dress of men. Consider whata
labor it was when it took five hundred points
to tie the doublet to the hose, points being
silken strings with tags or metal points on
them. Imagine the state of mind of the
suburban resident of to-day’ if he had to
struggle with such things and the morning
train only two stations away.

Buckles, while of less importance, were
for more than two hundred years a neces-
sary partof the dress of every man, woman
and child in Great Britain and her colonies,
as well as in most of the European countries.

vagaries of fashion, says for January 12,
1069, “This day I began to put buckles on
my shoes,”

In the “Toilet of England” it is recorded
for 1670: “The Spanish leather boot intro-
duced under Charies J. atill continues to
be the fashion, but the immense roses on
the shoes have gradually declined and are
replaced by wide strings-‘and buckles.” In
the portraits by Van Dyck you will find
very few buckles, though they are present
in those painted by Lely and Van Loo,
Gainsborough uses them constantly on the
little satin slippers of his ladies, and Sir
Joshua Reynolds painted his Admirals in
stockings and amal! clothes with immense
bucklea on their shoes, a costume which
has disappeared from every place but the
stage. ;

Of course when the court set the example
everybody who could sported buckles, and
the factories of Birmingham and Sheffield
turned out immense numbers, When the
fashion was at its height and they were
worn on shoe and knee 2,500,000 were turned
out annually at Birmingham alone. They
were made of pewter, copper, brass, silver
plate, silver and gold and steel.

The collecting of buckles is a fad indulged
in by the few, yet in almost every calinet
of bijou treasures, miniatures, fans, bits of
lace, carved ivories and such things you will
find a buckle or two. You can almost tell
the calling of the wearer by the shape and
material of the buckle.

The landlord wore buckles of brass or
copper. The schoolmaster wore plated
buckles, plain or with a slight beading on
the edge.

The prosperous merchant had buckles
of silver wrought in pattern, and
the court dame wore buckles large and
slender, set with pearls, diamonds or rose
paste.
derelicts are singleones, not pairs,

From 1650 to 1770 may be called the high
tide in the reign of buckles, for though they
were still worn till about 1800, the fashion
was gradually declining, although the
buckle remains to this day an important
part of English court costume as well as of
civil service uniform.

The sizes of buckles varied immensely,

from tiny affairs which were worn at the |
knee or to loop up the hat, to those in- |

vented by George III., which were one inch
wide and five inches long, oovering the
whole instep and reaching down to the
ground on either side of the foot.

Even the example of royalty was of no

avail, and slowly but surely the plebeian |

shoestring crowed the decorative shoe
buckle outof use. The manufacturers of
England did not let #0 important an industry
die without apmtest. Birmingham and
one or two other towns supplied America,
Holland, Germany, Spain, Italy and France
with all the buckles they needed.

When about 1790 the shoestring began to
gain ground a petition was drawn up and
“several respectable buckle makers waited
upon H.R. H. the Prince of Wales to call
hie attention to the distressed condition
of thousands of workmen in the different
branches of buckle manufacture owing to
the prevalent wearing of shoestrings.”

His Highness p ised to give the
matter his careful ditention and assist by
his example and influence, but the cheap

and enient had gained
strong s bold and the buckle bed to give

|

products, particularly those made of-metal. | gti}

 

\

 

}

 

 

 

It is odd that so many of these | the Euro

shoés the last buckle was banished to the
attic or the scrap heap.

The largest collection of buckles is prob-
ably that of Sir Ponsonby Fane. He has
wo 8 anes of — Various metals men

ioned, as well as glass, jet, metal and
even wood. His collection G beng con-
stantly added to, since after a Court ball
or levee “many stray buckles are picked
up at the Palace.”

The conservatism of the English is shown
nowhere to better advantage than in this
very matter of buckles. Apparently they
wear the style which was in use in 1800,
though they admit it is notoriously in-
secure and that the steel teeth are quite
- Sey to run into the foot as intg the
5

‘the regulation material is cut steel,
which is blackened when the Court is in
mourning. It is a regulation that Arch-
bishops and Bishops must wear silver
buckles, while clerics of lower degree must
wear the black steel.

In the Highland dregs the buckle atill
plays an important part, and the chieftains
wear on state ocoasiong the very buckles
which were worn under similar circum-
stances by their ancestors. “The buckle
also forms part of the uniform of the five
kilted Highland regiments, the Black
Watch, Sutherland, Seaforth, Gordon and
Cameron Highlanders. Each regiment has
a separate pattern of its own, of which a
sealed pattern is kept at the War Office,
which has not as yet in ite ardor for reform
of apparel in the army made any altera-
tion in this direction.”

. In many of the museums of this country,
notably those in the New England States,
may be seen buckles which did service here.
In the full length portraits of Gen. Wash-
ington they are always in evidence, and are
large and handsome.

hen he sent his first order to London
for clothes for himself and Mme. Washing-
ton a long list of things for “Miss Custis,
6 years old,” was added. Among the
articles were satin shoes and white kid
gloves, ee and 6,000 pins, large, short
and minnikin, and _ silver shoe buckles and
sleeve buttons. In_ addition to all the
articles of drevs for Miss Custis, it is
pleasing to see that thé busy man had time
o order “a panes dressed doll to coat
a inea, gingerbread, toys, sugar images
and comfits.” _— .

To appreciate .what a loss masculine
dress suffered when the “effeminate shoe-
eben | took the place of the dignified
buckle with its accompanying small clot hes
and long stockings, it ia only necessary to
compare those two statues in Union Square
the young Lafayette on his first arrival
here with his buckled shoon and well turned
calf, and his neighbor, Lincoln, who is vainly
trying to hide awkward trousers under
a long cloak.

 

THE JAPAN OF EUROPE.

What King Charies of Rumania Has Done
for His Country.

Rumania may well be proud to be called
the Japan of Europe. She has achieved
in the midst of incessant jealousy and
opposition much that the free empire of
the Far East has accomplished,

But, says the Fortnightly Review, the prog-
ress of Rumania, if less great, is perhaps more
meritorious even than that Japan. To
a small State, hampered at every turn by
Turkish reaction and European greed or
ignorance, the opportunities of progress
were much less facile than in the island em-

 

pire of cngen.
But on May 23, 1906, King Charles I. of
a free Remania celebrated his forty years
urkish

of reign and saw what was once a
weinel State standing proudly erect among
an nations. Where once was
chaos and corruption to-day is an orderly
State, bound in friendly alliance with great
Powers, and, more important still, an ex-
ample to the world of peaceful internal

| development and of a tranquil but per-

sistent foreign policy.
TEXAS ONIONS.

In Seven Years the Output Has Grown
From 20 to 1,200 Carloads.

During the past season 746 carloads of
onions were handled through San Antonio
and about 1,200 carloads, netting the growers
nearly $375,000, were shipped from the
onion growing territory of south west
Texas.

The Daily Express of San Antonio, com-
menting upon these figures, says that
seven years ago, when onion growing for
outside markets began in southwest Texas,
only about twenty carloads were shipped.

 

Water for Norseman’s Horse.

From the “New Orleana Times-Democrat,

“You never see a breken winded horse in
Norway,” ead a horse doctor, “That is be-
cause the horses ere allowed to drink while
they eat, the same as mankind

“Our hornes, let them be as thirsty as get
out, must still eat their dry fodder, thelr dry
hay and ats and corn, with nothing to wash
them down. But in Norway every horse has
a bucket of water beside his manger, and
as be eats, he drinks also. .

“It is prereotng to see bow the Norwegian
horses relish their water with their meala.
Now they sip a Httle from the bucket, now
they eat_a mouthful, then another sip, then
novher mouthful, just like rational Suman

ngs.
“You ne

see & broken winded horse in
Horway, and the natives say it is because
per gre water to the animals with

: coe TT Ve “ aan et in a
Ny, “a BA Lod mya) MEN of ie) Pa Wg het sya
re

-

TT

a SSS cesses
se, mean, CE CS TS LS A:

a —

its te

ron re ro Oe

23, 1906.

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

Sterling
Pianos

Fe PR Oe GT NGC Mh oe ORM Te

 
    

| BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. |

   

GH iets, WN INL at
Prey” Vet Pm RP gerne

ry
4 i de q
wr + 4

-

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMEN Ts,

Why?

Questions you can answer. Doesn't 46 years of constant growth and unexam-

me success prove that
usiness methods? Could
over the world, for nearly

there must be an honest principle as the basis of our

Sterling Pianos hold a reputation second to none all
half a century, if they didn’t merit it?

Could we build, operate and continually enlarge

Four Immense Factories

if our instruments didn’t
satisfaction ?
Warerooms in Greater Ne
confidence ?

One dollar has just as

 

meet expectations and insure the very highest_musical

Could we own and occupy the largest exclusive Piano Retailing

w York if there were not actual facts to produce public

great purchasing power as another, but it is the wise or

unwise purchase, especially in a piano, which makes the dollar go a long ora

little way.
We don't say ours are
best, and that our reputat

the only good Pianos, but we do say that ours are the
ion makes it easy and absolutely safe for any person to

buy a Piano from us, whether he knows anything about its intricate building or

not, and that

Any Piano Costs *50 to *100 Less

than the same grade anywhere else.
appeal to any reasonable person—our immense manufacturin

It is simply a business proposition that will
facilities, which figure

every cent of cost to its very lowest decimal, and adds one fair profit above making,

and nothing more.
Think the matter over,
methods.
We have everything an
Tuning, Tone Restoring, Action

if you intend purchasing a Piano. Come and inspect our

It will put you under no obligation.

d do everything appertaining to pianos.
Regulating, Case Refinishing, Moving, Storing, Boxing, Shipping, etc.

 

te §terling Piano~.

518-520 Fulton Street, Corner Hanover Place, Brooklyn

  
  

fae : .
ONE VIEW OF GORKY EPISODE.

An English Visitor Was Dazed by That
Moral Spasin.

The moral spaam which hardened Ameri-
can hearts toward Maxim Gorky and
turned the Russian’s liking of us into
concentrated bitterness seems to have
dazed the outside beholder,

The English writer H. G. Wells deecribes

| BO00008000000088UE80008

ROOKLYN

COMPAN\

Elegant Line of Suits9$ |

For Parlor and Library -

40’°—Marked Off—40%

For This Great Suit Sale

The unusually large stock of high-grade suits purchased
by usin the early summer, while prices were lowest, enables
us to offer much greater concessions than ever, This
opportunity is enhanced by the high qualities and strictly
up to date goods. All this week we will stick to these sale

the affair in the following contribution to |
}

Harper's Weekly:
Gorky arrived, and the éclat was immense.

We dined him, we lunched him, we were |
photographed in his company by flasblight.

I very gladly shared that honor, for Gorky

is not. only a great master of the art I prac- |

tise, but a splendid personality.

Save for a few common greetings he has |
So it}

no other language than Russian.
was necessary that he should bring with

him some one he could trust to interpret |

him to the world. And having, too, much
of the practical helplessness of his type
of Penius, he could not come without his
right hand, that brave and honorable lady,

Mme, Andreieva, who has been now for |

years in everything but the severest legal
sense his wife. :
Russia has no Dakota; and although his

legal wife has long since found another |

companion, the Orthodox Church in Russia
has no divorce facilities for men in the
revolutionary camp. So Mme. Andreieva
stands to him as George Fliot stood to
George Lewes; and I*suppose the two of
them had almost forgotten the technical
illegality of their tie until it burst upon

them and the American public in a mon- |

strous storm of exposure.

It was like a summer thunderstorm.
At one moment Gorky was in an immense
sunshine, a plenipotentiary from oppression
to liberty; at the next he was being almost
literally pelted through the streets,

I do not know what motive actuated a
certain section of the American preas to
initiate this pelting of Maxim Gorky. A ,
— for moral purity may perhaps

ave prompted it, but certainly no passion
for purity ever before begot so brazen and
abundant a torrent of lies. It was precisely
the sort of campaign that damned poor
MacQueen, but this time on an altogether
imperial scale.

‘he irregularity of Mme. Andreieva’s ,
ition was a mere point of departure. |
he journalists went on to invent a deserted |
wife and children; they declared Mme?
Andreieva was an actress, and loaded
her with all the unpleasant implications |
of that unfortunate word; they spoke of |
her generally as “the woman Andreieva”; |
they called upon the Commissioner of Im- |
migration to deport her as a “female of |
bad character”—quite_ influential people
wrote to him to that effect; they published
the name of her hotel and organized a
boycott. Whoever dared to countenance |
the victims was denounced, |
}

I thought this affair was a whirlwind of
foolish misunderstanding, such as may
happen in any capital, and that presently |
his entirely tolerable relationship would
be explained. But for all the rest of my |

|

time in New York this insensate campaign |

went on.
There was no attempt of any import ance

to stem the tide, and to this a

tions of the American

d = must be under
the impression that th

is great writer is a

depraved man of pleasure accompanied |

by. a favorite cocotte, The writers of
paragraphs racked their brains to invent
pew and smart ways of insulting Mme.
Andreieva. The
the music halls of the Tenderloin district
introduced allusions.

And -amid this riot of personalities
Russia . was forgotten. The massacres,
the chads of cruelty and blundering, the
tyranny, the wornen outraged, the childrea
tortured and slain--that was forgotten.

In Boston, in Chicago, it was the same.
At the bare suggestion of Gorky’s coming
the same outbreak occurred, the same
display of imbecile gross lying, the same
absolute disregard of the tragic cause
he had come to plead.

One gleam'of comedy in thie remarkable »

outbreak I recall. Some one in ineffectual
— had asked what Americans would
nave said if Benjamin Franklin had en-
countered such ignominies on his similar
mission of appeal to Paris before the War
of Independence.

“Benjamin Franklin,” retorted one bright
young Chicago journalist, “was a man of
very different moral character from Gorky,”
and proceeded to explain how Chicago
was prepared to defend the purity of her
homes against the invader.

Benjamin Franklin, it is true, waa a per-
son of very diferent morals from Gorky

—but I don’t think that b t
ip Chicago ee sound idea of where

Open Saturday Evenings

y large sec- |

chaste entertainers of |

 

 

 

 
  

a

 

 

 

2s

 

prices, but next week same suits will swing back to former
, pitas cipmmnenintons
It's a golden opportunity for our customer?.

prices.

 

 

  

 
 
     
 

     
     
 

 
 

_ $38—3 Piece Suits
Finely Finished, Carved and Polish-

ed Frames, high grade 93

silk damask coverings

THIS SALE.....
$85—3 Piece Suits

Beautitully Carved and Po'ished

Frames, Tufted Backs covered

with high grade self- 51°

tone silk plush,
THIS WEEK

$150—3 Piece Suits
Elegant Solid Mahogany Suit,

Elaborately Carved, finest 9 0

silk tapeatry covering,

THIS WEEK...
$180—3 Piece Suits

Magnificent Solid Mahogany Li-

brary Suit, Elaborately Carved

$553 Piece Suits
Handsome Frames, Highly Polish-

ed, best silk damask 33”

covering.
THIS SALE...

$110—3 Piece Suits
Marcuetry Pannel Backs, Finely

Carved, very finest two-
tone silk mora covering. 66
THIS WEEK...
$160—3 Piece Suits
Solid Mahogany Frames, Best
Hand Carving, best grade, silk

damask covering A 96

Swell Suit.
THIS WEEK

$215--3 Piece Suits
Th's Elegant Solid Mahogany Suit

is fit for a king. Rich'y Carved,

    

 
   

 

 

 

  

 
 

 
 
        
    
   

   
 
  

 

RECCCERE TERETE EO 0008 0E8005050E 0400000004888

Backs, best tapestry Upholstered Backs, pannel arms,
covering. . 108 best imported tapestry
a biped em OO

     

THIS WEEK

Liberai Credit

Furniture—Carpets—Draperies— Bedding, Etc.
2 Fulton Street, Brooklyn, -
OB O000 0000000000008

*-* . iy