ee ee

a

a ea

“
1

Pipe mn Se ee Amit) te hotae

 

The ed Bun.

 

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1908.

 

 

Entered at the Post OMce at New York as Second,

Class Mail Matter,

 

 

uhsortions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, Per Month, ....-.cceceecrenene peveed 80 60
DAILY, Per Year
SUNDAY, Per Year
@AIbY AND SUNDAY, Per Year.......+00++
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month......+++ °
Postage to foreign countries added.

Published by The Sun Printing and Pubniéhng
Association at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York.

te

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pudlication wish to have rejected articles returned they
muat in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

a)

The Independent Movement.

All over the country the feeling of
political independence, the disgust with
bosses, the intolerance of cut and dried
politics, stirs and grows. It is seen even
in the Southern States, where new men,
fresh from the people, are driving out
the old holders of the seats of honor.
In the West it is almost universal. In
New England it is seen in the great
Democratic vote in Republican Maine,
in the Clement movement in Vermont, in
WInsTon CHURCHYLL’S all but triumphant,
onslaught on the Republican machine
of New Hampshire. Massachusetts, the
Governorship of which was won by the
independents in 1904 in the face of Mr.
ROosEVELT’s transcendent popularity,
has a great company of independent
Republicans who will have tariff reform
or bolt. Inthe pocket borough of Rhode
Island resentment against the rule of its
masters is sharp. Even in Connecticut
the Hartford lords of Republicanism are
not secure. . ;

Aside from causes of complaint aris-
ing from unjust. State Constitutions, aa
in the case of, Connecticut and Rhode
Island, New York has more reason to
desire a new politieal. dispensation,. and
she has a deeper hatred of bosshood and
foul bargain and sale politics than atiy
other State. Here both parties have
been slaves of the same sinister and
degrading system. Republican bosses,
Democratic bosses: and the people are
automatic machines to register the
bosses’ good pleasure.

Many years ago Rurus CHoaTE said
{n effect: “We shall come to the worship
of cats and rats-and.things vermiculate.”
Well, New York has Hearst, Murruy
and Opela. ~~" °’

The people of New York are sick
beyond expression of the reign of these
miserable little tyrants and pretenders.
They want to rule themselves once more.
Give them as their candidate for Gov-
ernor a man who incarnates hatred of
boss sovereignty, and the restoration of
government by the people of the State
of New York is sure to be achieved.

 

The Sacred Tariff.

As we read the Ohio Republican plat-
form tariff “plahk” deep organ voices
peal from pipes of gold and the revisers
on the scorners’ seats are all afloat in
passionate and repentant tears:

“The Republican polley of protection must be
eacredly maintained. It 1s the foundation of ovt
gratifying and unparalleled prosperity and com-
mercial eminence.”

The Dingley tariff is no merely secular
and human institution. It was made in
heaven. Like another Palladium it fell
from heaven. It is the sacred stone
and holy well of America. The soil is
nothing. Men are nothing. Unlimited
opportunity, save in so far as the sac-
rosanct law forbids, is nothing. The
divine institution is “the foundation of
prosperity.”

The Republican tariff revisers should
remember the fate of Uzza at the
threshing floor of Chidon. High and un-
changeable protection is not an economic.
theory or doctrine; it is a religion, —

 

Mr. Bryan on ‘Equal Rights and
Special Privileges.

It would be both interesting and val-
uable to know exactly what each par-
ticular statesman who discourses on the
subject means when he eulogizes the
noble workingman and bares a proud
and swelling bosom to the blast in his
defence. Nearly évery volcano fh: the
country is now abandonéd to violent
eruption, and boiling language scalds
once happy surfaces beyond the help of
ointment or cold cream. Nevertheless
it is a fact surcharged with pain that
the average citizen in nine cases out
of ten doesn't know for certain what
special brand of noble workingman
the statesman Of the moment means to
canonize. 2 , i

Of course, there can be’no doubt in
the case.of the Jaborious and reverber-
ating Gompsrs. We all know that in
his complacent and serene philosophy
there is only one honest laborer on the
surface of the earth, and that is the
laborer who contributes to his treasury
and lends an humble nudge to his polit-
ical aspirations. No mystery about; the,
frugal and far seeing SAMUEL. His vas-
eals are the ghosen few. Allothérs wear
the brand of “scab” and are anathema.
But we should like to knoW, even ap-
proximately, what the Peerless, the Boy
Orator of the Platte, segards as a work-
ingmin. That is really important. Mr.
Bryan has adopted as his chief shriek:
“Equal rights for all; special privileges
for none.” ,

It sounds like a message from thé
skies, borne upon the blast of some
supernal trumpet. We do not seem to
follow Ur. Bryan, however; that is, not
altogether. What does he mean by
“equal -rights” and what by “special
privileges”? In thenext breath we have
him clamoring for the eight hour law,
which is a flagrant assault upon the
liberty of the individual, and denounc-
ing “government by injunction,” which
is the only challenge to those “gpecial
privileges” which GomPeRs, MITCHELL
and Company are striving to establish.
Here is an opportunity for Mr. BRYAN
to work this fountain of ‘conversation
to the best advantage. Is the dispensa-
tion of “equal rights” really secure if

eve
asoess
csnaantpennejemanenasvaisenssntanenerion-cenedias-suieeteenarlilorsuntostsansasspaer acest peetliasinartinemersesmutmeasdtransteedisaetcaaint eter toate ntntnnips eases ets eae reneeiontantecere

rere ee errr EL CE TT

eS

PeRe
caprice of the walking delegate? And

al Gi rine vindeiiaty aos Ss eee

 

 

Brown can sell his labor where he pleases
and work as long and as hard as he
thinks proper, while Jones must take
the schedule provided for him by Gom-

and qurtail hie earnings at the

what are the “special privileges” which
so congest the gorge in Mr. BRYAN'S
ample midriff and lash him tq unshirted
vehemence? Are they the privilege,
claimed by certain wicked persons, of
managing their own affairs to suit them-
selves, or are they the privilege claimed
by GomPers, MITCHELL and Company
of exterminating every workingman who
undertakes to earn a livelihood without
their sanction and certificate?

Mr. BRYAN could most advantageously
unbosom himself in respect to these
popolar conundrums. He is now en-
gaged in exploiting the country witha
view to 1908. We know already that he
is bent on national ownership for trunk
railways and State ownership for local
lines. To that engaging prospect we
are giving the prayerful guesswork it
deserves. But the American people are
entitled to a full and heartfelt exposition
of Mr. Bryan’s oracle touching on and
appertaining to “equal rights for all and
special privil to none.” If he in-
tends by that high sounding utterance
to do more than throw to us an amorous
flower of speech, this reverent nation
ought to be furnished with a translation

and a diagram.
Pino Guerra.

The mystery enveloping PINo GUERRA,
the field: commander of the Cubans in
rebellion, is not dispetied by ay article
dictated and signed by him which ap-
pears in the current number of the North
American Review. The name at the foot
of the article, which deals with the causes
of the insurrection, is FAUSTINOGUERRA
PUENTE. It contains no reference to his
military record and no explanation of the
circumstances that led to his selection
to lead an army which sprang, armed
and equipped, out of the ground.

Pino GugRRA contributes nothing
huicid to our imperfect information about
the origin of the,revglt against President
PaLMa’s authority. He but repeats
what has been said over and over again;
that the Liberals “retired” from the
Presidential election because the Gov-
ernment had thrown their leaders into
prison and organized victory by illegal
and oppressive methods, and that the
Moderates in office are enriching them-
selves by graft. He does indeed prefer
a charge which is grave if true: that the
sum of over $1,000,000 appropriated for
public improvements in Vuelta Abajo
has been used to enlist and arm “the
same guerrillas who fought the Cubans
during the war of independence.” If the
charge could be substantiated it would
be ominous indeed, for the Spanish
guerrillas have always been execrated
in Cuba and their employment by the
republican Government would be a
suicidal act; but how could it be cited
as one of the causes of the movement
of which Pino Guerra is the military
leader?

As a “soldier obeying the orders of
the central committee” Pino GUERRA
pleads that he can give no information
about ite policy or its intentions. Do
the insurgents desire intervention? He
does not know; ask the executive com-
mittee at headquarters. Nor will he
hazard an opinion about the protection
of property owned by foreigners. Per-
sonally he hopes that their property will
not be destroyed. Pino GUERRA has
no candidate for President. If EstRaDA
PALMA should be elected by a fair vote
“I would give him my whole support,”
says the rebel commander.

The impression one gets from this
signed statement of a man who was not
known to fame before this surprising
but none the less powerful revolt began
is that GuERRA is not a leader in the
sense that MARTI or MAXIMO GOMEZ
or ANTONIO MACEO was a leader, but
that he is the product of conditions as
élusive as his own capacity for military
command. He does not seem to have

grown into leadership, but to have been
designated from the background as an
available man in an emergency which
might not involve a test of his soldierly
qualities. An unsatisfactory authority

 

upon the causes of the insurrection, Pino
GUERRA retains his cloak of mystery.

_American Antiquities.

Two noteworthy steps have been taken
this year concerning the antiquities that
are scattered over the semi-arid region
of our Southwest. Congress passed a
law in June prohibiting the excavation
or appropriation of any prehistoric ruins
én thé public lands without special per-
mit; and this month the Government has
issued the first of a series of concise
Bulletins designed to’ snpply fuller in-
formation about these antiquities than
has hitherto been published.

A growing evil has been the extensive
traffic in relics from the pueblos in
Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado and Utah.
Irresponsible persons have pulled to
pieces cliff houses, cave dwellings, pueblos
and many other objects while collecting
relics. The real value of these relics
has beén almost wholly destroyed be-
cause they have been scattered far and
wide without accompanying scientific
records. Hereafter these objects may
be collected only for permanent preser-
vation in repyitable museums and edu-
cational institutions.

Most publications of the Bureau of
Ethnology dealing with these prehistoric
remains are now out of print, though the
dernand for them still continues. The
new series of thin, handy volumes will
in a measure take their place. The first
is on the antiquities of the Jemez plateau,
New Mexico, where prehistoric pueblos
and cliff dwellings are very numerous.
Several of these bulletins are now being
prepared by the best authorities on the
areas of which they treat.

This work of preservation and study
is to be highly commended. Enough
has been learned about some of these
districts to show that their former inhabi-
ta: ts lived at least six to eight hundred

yesrs ago. Their migrations have been

traced to some extent and in a few cases
their relationship to modern tribes has
Vv

a
—_— ee

i, Re Oy Tenn X mm
ys OO, aye

v i ;
‘ ' ‘

tinal nateeiaeeanel ti a

 

been well established; but recent re-
searches have supplied much evidence
that many of the ruins were inhabited
‘by tribes of whom the Indians now in
those regions are not descendafite. We
also know that the distribution of these
tribes was determined by the four great
drainage systems of the Southwest.

All available data have been collected
fot some localities, but ‘are still very
fragmentary for many others. Much
careful exploration is still necessary; and
it would not be creditable to permit the
spoliation of these ruins to go on, 80 long
as they are needed to complete scientific
collections and to throw light upon pre-
historic man on our continent.

 

Lipton and the Cup.
Sir THomas Lipton is crossing the

will meet with refrigerated air in the
quarter where the Amorica’s Cup is kept
in cold storage. It has been denied and
also asserted that the persistent knight
is coming on Cup business, It is safe to
say that he will have a conference with
the powers of the New York Yaoht Club,
and those powers ought to put their ears
to the ground.

The public is deeply interested in the
marine championship. In ita mind the
America’s Cup has assured a value prob-
ably greater than that of any other
international trophy. The public, too,
dearly loves a good sportsman, and that
even the most hostile must admit Sir
THomas Lrvron has proved himself to
be. He has been bitterly dfkappointed
by designers, tricked by ill luck, and in
one case defeated by the narrowest of
margins, but he has always declaréd
that he was fairly beaten and that he
had no ground for complaint.

The New York Yacht Club has on its
hands at the present time two trouble-
some possessions, a new rule of rating
for racing yachts and the cup defender
Reliance. This yacht was built to meet
the conditions of the former racing rule,
which encouraged a model radically
different from that of the Queen and
the Effort, developed under the present
method of rating. The men who have
furnished the money and done the work
in defending the America’s Cup in recent
years are tired of the game. They do
not wish to finance and learn the whims
of a ninety foot sloop designed under
the new rule.

But Sir Taomas LIPTON is most de-
sirous of racing under the new conditions,
and he hes said that he would challenge
at once could he be assured that a chal-
lenge to race under the present rule
would be accepted. He has been in-
formed that the club would not announce
before receiving a challenge under what
conditions it would be acceptable, and
there the matter for the present rests.
Meanwhile it is an open secret that an
influential party in the New York Yacht
Club is firmly opposed to racing under
the present system of rating, because it
would make the Reliance unavailable and
require the building of a new defender. -

The New York Yacht Club is, of course,
a private organization. Nevertheless,
the struggle for the America’s Cup has
forced the club into a position of national
responsibility which it cannot and prob-
ably has no desire to evade. It is plain,
therefore, that if Sir Thomas Lipton's
wish to challenge under a new rule of
racing which has been in successful
operation for two seasons is thwarted
by the opposition party the public will
properly expect a pretty clear account
of the reason why. Since the Cup was
brought here by the victorious America
races for it have always been under the
contemporaneous rule of the club. Why
should an exceptjon be made now?

 

Over here a lot of cheap 4nd sordid Individuals
ush themselves forward. Our best men stand in
he background.—Dr, PARKHURST.

The Rev. Dr. Caartes H. Parknvunst
stands before the foremost in front of the
front rank, aa far from the background as
it is possible for him to get.

 

As each country that 1s obiiged to make
war for its own interests, or is deter mined
to make war without regard to the interests
of other countries, may be expected to begin
hostilities at the time or under the circum-
stances most favorable to the success of
its arms, the resolution of the Institute of
International Law at Ghent that hostilities
should not begin without a previous unequiv-
ocal warning, such as a declaration of war
or an official ultimatum, must be regarded
as academic, however attractive in theory it
may be. The beginning of war will always
depend upon conditions, and no nation would
oonaent to be taken at a disadvantage for the
sake of conformity to an ideal.

 

The Coney Island Mardi Gras is a coun-
terfeit festival, designed only for the profit
of raree shows and drink shops in the fag
etd of & poor season, and not for the pleas-
ure of folk lured to the scene of crush and
uproar by stories of brilliant spectacles
and unconventional joys. The Coney Isl-
and Mardi Gras is no morte like the New
Orleans holiday than stale beer is like a
wine of delicate favor. The art, atmosphere
and setting are missing, a8 well as the fresh
joyousness, the spirit of kindly hospitality
and the grace of good breeding.

The Coney Island Mardi Gras is a vulgar
“rough house,” which illustrates only the
incapacity of a New York crowd to enjoy
itself innocently. It is the playground of
the thug and yields the pickpocket a har-
vest. Unsophisticated people who are de-
osived by the picturesque name given the
thing are glad to escape without physical
injary to themselves, insults to their women;
and the loss of théir purses. The police
are weary of having to cope with the rough
element that rules the Coney Island show,
and the amusement purveyors have had
about enough of it when they compute
profit and loss. Mardi Gras is @ delicate
flower that cannot be transplanted to the
booths and sands of Coney Island.

regen

Dirty Croton.

To Tas Eprros of Tan Sun—Sir: The water
we got this morning was about the same as if we
had taken a good handful of street dirt and thrown
it In a pall of clear water. Yet doctors tell us to
drink plenty of water, We are paying for pure
water. Letus have it, What we get now Is hardly
Ot te wash with. J. MupL.as.

New York, September 2).

Politeness of Autemodiiists.

To ras Eprrom op Tas Sun—Sir? Why is it
that the occupants of autbmobiies turn around and
jaugh at me when | om Raving ail | can do to man-
age my horse? Cmapune JuDeoN,

Tanarrown, September 22.

~ gers

Atlantic. He has done so on several | his work—70 cents an hour—et the average
previous occasions and has been wel- rate for unsolicited edntributions, $7 per
comeed with t cordiali 1,000 words, and not all publishers pay so

grea ty, but it is @ | much. Add to this that the writers are held
foregone conolusion that this time he | up for payment until their artitles are pub-

. seem . ‘ 5 ors

Tio
ow ee

 

 

REWARDS OF LITERATURE.

A Veteran Holds That They ‘Are Paltry
Uncertain.

To mz Eprron of Tas Sun—Sir: The
experience of “Black and White” with an
article of Kipling’s, which they sent to vari-
ous publications ohly to have it returned to
them, is not novel, for the same thing has
done with extracts from “Paradise
Lost,” Shakespeare, 40.; but I never could
see the use of it myself, or what it proves in
any évent. I have been fifty years writing
for money, eighteen years upon one periodi-
cal (my own), and now, when past three
score and ten, having seen all sides of the
business, I say deliberately that any one who
devotes his life to Kterature without having
an assured incdme for his bread and butter
is going to be disappointed, for there is no
calling out of all those that men follow for
a living which ia ao uncertain or so poorly
paid as that of literature. '

Even if writers sold all their articles they
would be in receipt of very small incomes,
nothing like so mueh as a bricklayer gets for

 

lished, which be more than a year, and it
will be seen that I have not exaggerated in my
statement that it ia folly to attempt to live
by writing for publication. If further proof
f¢ demanded, considet the probabilities of
Daving an unsolicited artigle accepted. A
few months ago it was é@tated editorially in
& prominent magazine that the publishers
had received 30,000 manuscripts in the past
twelve monthe, all of which Kad been read
and “carefully considered.” How many were
accepted was hot told, but if the full capacity
of the magazine had been taken, less than
250 contributors would have been successful
out of the 80,000, nét 1 per cent. out of the lot,
one chance in $0,000 of having an article
taken, Is that lpttery worth taking a
chance in? “I trow not.”

“Black and White” furnish a list of sixteen
magazines to which they sent their’ experi-
ment, all of which pay for matter at some
time or other. A few pay upon receipt of
copy, but they aré the exception; most of
them do not. I have one ole out now
which was actepted last April but is “hung
up” until an “estate is settled.” When that
will be no ofé knows. If only 20,000 articies
are received on an average annually by these
bixteen magazines, thete ate 240,000 con-
tributors who have entered the lists in the

robable hope of getting a pal’ $50 chec
n the future, and more coming all the while.

Now as to the reading of manuscripts:
That is worth considering, even by title alone,
eak of their contents or literary
How lons Ri it ipke to read

. pic up one
ir # there e ofhee
r

not to sp
workmanship,
by. tle 30,000

alter another from a
boy has them? Five minutes each;
2,500 hour’. With a wo day of six hours
at thie kind of work it would take 400 davs,
meré ayear for oneman merely to handle
them in the most perfunctory way. thie
work is divided among ten persons, say, it
will still take yore than a month to read copy
by title only. Now where does the “careful
reading” which some geplaners say they

n

“'Tknow.. The vast mal it jolee are
now. or

not read at all, not even seaned. "tne titles
damn them at the atest. “The Inferiority
of a Vegetable Diet,” thd“ Silence of the Prim-
“ &eo., without end. The editor
oes not care anything about
neither does any one else, so in

eval Forest,
merely says he
his “rot”:

the fatal circu

manuscrint I know, “have been there”
pee seen

it a have also seqn care.
1 readers thro copy ure
they were at the time unfit to appreciate it,
A pultiaher once wrote, in returning an arti-
ole, the stuff he published was worse
than that which he rejected, and it was very
candid of him. Stil pncther, hief editor of
the oldest journal i& the country,
wed me its contents
owing, the whole of

k comes the

opened
full of matter to ov
which e from two to three years,

and not paid for,

ee

couges. "wane inhumanity to man makes
oorne salaries 0 tiberar en are ridicu
y cus
lous in t ae of = ern pr for food
and clothing. ifty years ago I a i~
fon as —T. editor on 9 7ourast for which

was S 0 a week, wit

‘ortnight annually, aslar

By pime was my own eo far ag office hours
concerned: all t waa required wae
be on hand in time. T he
for years, until I left it for a better
social requirements were

a vacation of a
continued, and

that copy should
that pose,

a Liviag @nd
‘ar lees t they are now, and I very much
doubt whether there are many associate
tors eee who receive $2,000 4 year
or thetr work. Within a few weeks I have
been asked to revise an encyclopedia which
brietled with gross téchnica! errors in a cer-
tain department, for the very immodest rate
of half a cent a word; not only revise it for
correctness, but write in as many words as
I cut out, as not to pave to renumber the
nea—A Joposition which was respectfully
eclined because it wae a far are arduous
ta n g up new matter.

For reading the freviced pages of a certain
dictionary. in a spectal department where
disputed Geta ions were in ose" S

rticujar profession, I r v r °
van n exesnlve, but etladed me, particu-
larly as I caught a arose obscenity in one
definition in another fellow’s department
that would have made copies of the edition
which contained it a hissing and a byword.
To return to my caption, the rewards of |it-
erature: I o reason to be dissatisfied

them, for have made considerable sums

wit
b , but I had @ crutch in the shape of a
pro L siet to lech on. TfL had depended upon
iterature alone t! would have boon many
yeere to wallow throug ehow, I

e dina upn

gen zeere 5° Sewer. thet |
on nk, *
1 contributions for anythin @ at

1 suit
any hope of success; c nly not with the
r t ayatem of “reading” cb)
Editors pretend that they aré always glad
to receive new writers’ arcigies, but that is
only a manner of spenking,
liata of names covering 4li the well known
writers in, $pe country to whom they have
mortga@ed their columns or pages twice over
for twelve months; where does the new writer
come in? Ecpert P. Watson.
ELizaBetn, N. J., September 22.
incnemmntipnemstintnitinscddneieas

short of 4 casua clothes

What the Cubans Lack.

To Tas Epttor or Tae Sux—Sir: There has
heen ilttle genuine patriotism manifested by either
group of polltictans In the course of the present
ikorders in Cuba. The period of the American
Revolution and the ten years immediately preced-
ng it wae & deep burning furnace o@t of Which
came only the truest etee). The Cuben revolution
avainst Spain had to such purifying effect on the
political morals of its leaders. They fought for
indepefidence, for freedom from oppression, but
thelr grievarices were fot definitely outlined. The
style of warfare they waged called fot no carefully
planned campaigns, for no concert of action such
as would require individual sacrifices for the good
of a common purpese. The independence they
longed for, and tn their own way fought for, ts
presently laid at their feet, the gift of & neighbor
to whom Iberty i¢ more than a politictan’s catch-
word. Instead of holding It dearly and asking
themselves “How can we secure the biessings of
(this) Mberty to ourselves and our posterity?” they
eee only an opportunity for politicians to play for
big stakes. The gamé goes On desperately, not
stopping short even of civil war. Now the benef-
loent neighbor éteps in to preserve order.

The love of liberty and Independende wae not
burned into the Cubans with the right kind of
brand. It ls true that “Rowers oniy flourien rightly
in the garden of some one Who loves them.”

Patnror.

Baer Onawon, N, J., Septembes 22.

| At ae tee

Ostrich Legs,

To tas Eprrorn or Tus Sun—Sir: During «
recent vists to the Museum of Natural Mistory I
was rather surprised to see & card of one of the
caecs bearing thé inscription: “Hind Leg of 4
Modern Ostrich.”

1am puseled to know what the foreleg of a mod-
etn ostrich fe like, never having seen an ostrich
with four legs. Cah you eniightea me on this
subject?

This card can be seén th the east wing at the
rear Of the Fossil Reptiles Hall, No. 407.

New Youu, Goptember 22. M. E.G.

 

Why Do Katydids Concentrate?

To Tas Evrron or Tas SuN—Sir: In Madison,
Conn,, katydids aboufd at ofe point In the village
ahd never establish themerives at other points
half 4 milo away with appareh tly the same condi.
tome of trees, @c. This bes been observed for
twenty years.

Why do katydids concetitrate?

Bur¥ralo, September 21. Deouer.

 

In Harper's Monthly Magatine for October will
be found Illustrated articles describing oid Boston,
the Setily Isies, what has been attained by the use
of very high températures, the Sultan of Brunel
and the University of Londen as seen by President
Thwing. The Rev, Dr. Henry van Dyke discourses
on the Americanism of Washington, The begin-
ning of 6 mew hovel by Sir Gilbert Parker, with
seven short stories, provides abundant Action.
There are eight poems and other papers, and Mr.
Howells ia te Rasy Chair gives his impressions of
the Greek piay at Marvard.

~> ive Eee ;
oe ie PY a ssn aes

re | a ‘
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE. ©
Its Growth Acceunted fee on Material a8
Well as Spiritaal Grounds.

To tmz Eprren or Tus SuN—Sir; Chris-
tian Gclence, in common with other forme of
religious faith, reforms and regenerates mor
ally and spiritually. Great num@ers of Chrie-
tian Scientists continually testify to improved
moral conduct and to elevated spiritual —

 

rience, resulting from their interest jn Chr
Acience. If its work were confined to
field alone Christian Science would r .)
Ro more criticism than is incurred by fone
of faith working only for moral and
ends; but because Chrittian Science ee
such strong and radical claims to heal dimease
it ig sharply attacked, and because it hes
made these claims good by actually hptling
the sick and diseased it has been bitterly
opposed, ‘
That Christian Boience, however, does heal
the sioR 18 sutmicientiy proved by tie groweh
of the movement, which now inciade thou-
@ands of . This growth hag taken
place within fifteen or twenty vee. Ae =

   
    
 
   

 
 

ling td ia ev
St pene ere
Srueiet che other testis cet
4 he test o

power ristian ce
Smet pnawing that fa’ ehood a hav
Oo per eat p hat e an
the genuine, ‘oP te of time or circumstance,
ill survive and become our fihal aut ort ;
rom such Christian Science has recei a
e past, and will continue to receive in t 2
uture, 38 consideration its character an
te work demand. Anna H. Canter.
New, Yor«, September 22.

WAITING FOR DAN CUPID.

Views of a Nutmeg Becheior Who Belteves
in Marriage.

To tTHr EpitorR oF Tus SUN—Sir: In this
morning's SUN appeared an inquiry from Mr.
Biles concerning the alleged decrease of
marriages, and revealing the fact that he
was @ bachelor, though not from choice.

I too am a bachelor, but I donot believe that
marriages are less popular than formerly.
Some of my married friends think because I
have been very sucessful in business, enjey
robust health, an” ‘ecause my habits, tastes,
4&c.,are good, that nothing but selfishness keeps
me from entering the married state. It i in
vain that I tell them I must wait for Cupid.
Marriage is not purely a business proposition.
There is the spiritual as well as the practical
side to be considered. I do love utiful
things, things that are fine and spiritual, and
I can pee better ends than those that are only
material. But I am also as practical as you

please, and I do not believe that imagination
a practicalness conflict, but he tebe tor

‘80n.
, too bad that so miny 8
ush unseen and waste their
sweetness on the desert air. And the poor
bachelors: think what they are missing!

 

There is one thing absolute) to
a happy union, and that is ove th bieri-
= = + ing,” rae Greene Face, Me onl
quench, ‘ood w
best gi I aé Ase ed Hai tee

© man.
f frat about 60 per cent. of the marriages
ole present day turn out happily in the end.
And it stands to reason. M nd women
are becoming iser and more refined all toe
wae through the cymne ative foreés of trut

and love. i marri riends say that if the

unmarried folks really knew what a world
tenderness and devotion is felt and lived an
expressed toward each other among hue-

bands and wives of the present day, they
rons be rather org cadbr than less, to enter
t o Roly state of wedlock,

This is all very true, but the question is,
Where are we to find our affinities?

f the ranks of the bachelors are to be re-
duced to any great extent, | move that Dan
Sone be not allowed to take any vacation

uring the next five years. 8. J. Brooks.

TAMYORD, Conn., Septémber 19.

——

These Be Bitter Words.

To tHe Eprton or Tek Sun—ir; The maga-
sine editor indigenous to your soll Is & hothouse
product, The usual “culture” ts; Birth in a “iiter-
ary” family, youth spent in a “Mterary” atmos-
phere, education ina “literary” college, cub-ship,
then sub-editorship, then editorsh'p of 4 “Iiterary”
magazine; fellowship in a “literagy” club. By
this time he has come 60 near tite “literary” great
that all lesser mortals exist only through sufferance.
It is then he assumes toward his job the attitude
of “duty” or “privilege,” a8 bis temper is sour or
amlatile. !

The type varies, but in one respect All afe alike.
For a few yéars in the twentiés each of these ar-
biters of America’s literary destiny has bucked
the writing game, though so felonious a phrase
never Diackens his fastidioug lips; in later years
he refers to thie as “the peried In which I learned
that my gift is critical, not ortative.”

The net result: failures occupy the editorial
chairs of New York magazines! T' are the
same gang that kept Kiplisg from the “Bweetness
and light” he obhors, kept him begging tll the
country weeklies of America and Tas Suw warmed
his vigorous toes. They are sone of the pista-
feen, pastepot crew thas turned Walt Whitman
out of “literary” doors, and grandeons of the
elegants who killed Edgar Poe.

Fence, if one cares either for that original crea-
tien which ts the glory of literature, or for that
divine abandon which i the Joy of art, the last
place to look is in a “big” New York magazing.

A Rava Ovrerpes.
New Youn, September 22. /

 

Dress of Chinese Girl Students.
From the China Post,

Chinese girl students aré no longer to be allowed
to dross a6 they please, So the Poard of Fducation
has decreed, Such an anadouncemeént suggests an
opening in China for a rational dress league, Littie
“Illes” accustomed to loose “ pants,” long jacket and
wabbly shoes are now, by order of that august body
the Board of Education, to don & “physical exercise”
costume, after which they will appear in the ciass-
room in suitable attite for ordinary school wear.
The new rule may raise @ smile, but along with the
anti-footbinding cruapde, which now reseives of -
cial support, it points to the dawn of 4 new era for
the benighted women df Cathay.

Spiritacus Eaphemtom.
Prom the Lotion Weekly Dispatch.
(Dr. Fosiah Oldheld sald be edhsidered deer of
great value, but he rred te call it “mals tea.”)

This plan I hate éxttefided, for

Champagté I pall “raps lenonade.”
“Scotch ayrupa all the whiskies are,

(It doesn’t matter where they're made).
Gin is “white cream” —as soft as elix—
While rim bécomes “Jamaica milk.”

——— .

Patting Starch Into the Entente Cordiale.
From the nm Tridune.

A hundred laundry proprictors, with their wives
and daughters, from all parts of Engiand meet neat
Saturday in Loadon, aad then journey together to
Paris to study French methods of laundry work.
It ia @ retum visit, following upon the August
“Kntente Cordiale” last year, whew some | .aty
Parisians inapected the Lond» lauadri s.

| te ee

Let Abolition Have Her Perfect Work.

To Tus Eprrek oF Tue SuN—Si: -1f Roosevelt
is ¢oing to abolish spelling as it te Spelled, why not
also abolieh long division? Pxrescorr Waanmn.

Naw Yora, September 22.

Ser Preference.

Cholly —Johany, does slate) frogs
Johnny — Nope: ree. = —_

 

j

a

 

as represented by Martin L. Comberwel! and

ENLisreD MEN.
As ® Clase They Are the Meal Equals of

Other Americans.

To rae Eptron oF Tax Bun—-Sir: I bave
before me the “Views of a Superior Person”

= in your paper, Perhaps it would
better to leave such a scurrilous article
unnoticed, written as it must be by a person
utterly unacquainted with and ignorant of the
class of whiph he writes. But self-respect
and respect for the great body of honorable
men that wear the uniform moves me to say
a word, I have the honor to have worn the
uniform of the United States for the past
fifteen years and still wear it, and so from
what must evidently be an extensive dc-
quaintance with the men of the service qd
oan at least claim to know whereof I speak.
As @ body they are, in honesty, morality and
sobriety, the peers of their fellow citizens in
aay waik of ite, and i feel perfectly safe in
saying that could Martin L. Comberwell take
at hazard a thousand men of the service and
@h équal Sumber of civilians, he would find
the percentage of moral worth equally high,
if not higher, among the mea who wear Uncle
Sam's uniform.

If Mr. Camberwell would interest himself
sufficiently to aequ himself with hie eub-
ject he woyld find that previous record, not
only physical, but moral, is an tmportant
factor In the atoéptance of an applicant for
any branch of the military service of the
United States, That there is a small, very
amall, percentage of men among the thou-
sands comprising the service that ate a dis-
grace to both the uniform they wear and
their fellows is unfortunately true, but in
what profession or walk of life is this not 60?
One man in uniform being drunk on the street
is go noticeable and he is so conspicuous that
his conduct is by some small minded persons
taken as & semple of the whole service and
as @ reflection on all other wearers
of the same tniform, yet there may be ten
civilians equally drunk on the same street
at the same time, and if they are noticed at
ail it is by only @ passing glance.

Because a few members of the professions,
lawyers, doctors and even clergymen, are
from time to time exploited in the daily
pai as black: , it ie not accepted as
a reflection on all the other members of these
honorable profeasions, Why, thet, should
the exception prove the rule in the case of
those equally honorable men whose profes-
sion is the defence of their country and their
flag? The great body of men who serve
thar country in the uniform of either the
havy, army or marine corps résapect them-
selves only after their God, their country and
their fag. Mr. Comberwell’s article suggests
to the thinking person the individual who has
neither the courage to defend the flag that
protects him nor the decency to respect those

o have, or elee he has an overwhelming

lesire for a little cheap notoriety.

ARTHUR D. TURNER.

Mancuester, N. H., September 21.

ee

ORTHODOX JUDAISM.

is It Declining Among the Yeunger Gene-
ration in This Town?

To Tae Eptron of Tre Sun—Sir: One of
the “signs of the times,” a phrase currént
among the Seventh Day Adventists, is the
decline of faith in traditional Judaism ainong
the younger Jewish generation. Some of the
Jewish business houses whose custom it has
been for a number of yéars past to close up
their places of business on the Hebrew New
Year, a day next in importance to the sacred
Day of Atonement, seem to have backslidde
or perhaps revolted, and kept their doors wide
open, even though at the risk of being “out
off from amongst the people,” in the Bible
expression. A tour on thefirst day of the new
year, September 20, through the principal busi-
ness séctions of the Hebrew neighborhoods
leads me to make this assertion.

It is undoubtedly an incontrovertible fact
that thé younger generation, and particularly
in families of the most pronounced orthodox

 

i
—_—_——

7M@E VICTOR SFX.
Progress of American Women tn Trade
and Industry.
From the Technical World Magazine

Out of the 3905 gainful occupations enumer-.
ated by the cemsus of the United States
there are only eight in which women do not
appear In all the other 207 there are ac-
credited representatives of the coming sex
in numbers ranging from two to 600,000

The eight occupations in which women do
not appear, fall into two classes:

In the first of these classes the absence of
woman is due to the tyranny of man. There
are no women soldiers in the United States
army. There are no women sailors in the
United States navy. There are no women
marines in that navy. And there are no
women firemen inthe municipal fire de.
partments of American cities. All thin is
simply because women-have been ruled out.
With different regulationa there might be
different results. In Sweden there is 4 fire
department in which women are frequently
enrolled. And the fighting done by women
at the siege of Saragossa in Spain during the
Napoleonic wars has always stood as a speo-
tacular and suMoient proof of feminine valor

In the remaining four of the eight woman-
leag occupations in this country the absence
of wont@n cannot be #0 readily explained
away. It must be simply due to feminine
néglect that at the time of the last census
there were no women apprentices and help-
ers to roofera and slaters, no women help-
efe to brasawerkers, nd women helpers to
steam boiler makets, and no women street
car drivers. The next cénsus will probably
repair this defect. There is no reason why
women should not enter these four trades,
Already they oan be found in trades which
are similar but more difficult. Already there
are women roofers and slaters, women brass
workers and women steam boiler makers,
It is hard to eee why they shouldn't be help-
ers in these trades if they can be full fledged
mechanics, And if, as ia the case, there were
two women motormen in 190), there is no
reason why there should not be women street
car drivers in 1910 in cities where horses are
atill used for local transportation.

Only four occupations, therefore, are to-
day beyond the reach of women in the United
States. They cannot be Federal soldiers,
Federal sailors, Federal marines or municipal
firemen. Everywhere else they have knocked
and they have been admitted.

The total number of women engaged in
gainful oceupations in 1900 was 5,319,597,
This was an enormous advance over the num-
ber of women similarly employed in 1890. If
the same rate of progress has been main-
tained aince 1900 there cannot be the slight-
est doubt that at the present time there are

fully six million women at work in various
trades occupations in the United States
°

me ca
What this paonne is impossible to realize

 

until the total number of women in the United
States aken into consideration. In the
year 1900 re were some 28,000,000 American

Women over ten years of age. Many of

ese ae ware of oo mere children,
any of them Were old as to be beyond
the Werte iliions of them were
eogas in the of keeping houge, of

n@ging up their chiMren, of providng homes
or ° eee eneration and of laying the
‘0 t ter and of the cul-

ture o: the hikure, {n 3 er Words they were

d narting woman’ istoric mission. Yet
with all these uctiong there were in the
year 1900 more than 5,300, women who
were ef not only in spending money
but in earning it; aye coy in managing the
ex oad of weaith, which is the acknow!-
ed notion of woman, but in creating it,
be > a to be the duty of man.

oO! wo in the year 1900 out of every

five American women over ten years of age
¢ “ one was going outside of her
family duties who was ing, part in the
gainful work of the working world,
cut about 1,000,000 of America’s 5,300,000

inful women im i000 w engag in
what the census ls agricultural pursuita.
Among these 1 009 women agriculturists
here were 605,791 farm laborers and :07,7xs
‘armers, planters and overseers. There
were 100 women lumbermen and rafte-
= il —_ woodchoppers.

n t profess: ns women are accepted
mo $0.0, patter ¢ oourse than they are in
a AM

type, will not affiliate itself with the syna- tal purs ite. And among all the
gogue. Comer, disappointment and . that o teaching te the moat thor-
have en the red mee not si ng, there-
rome. 80 much so the rabbis. ad ortheden fore. fare that in the Cni tates in 1909
Chriatian Bndes vor ‘a ati soviet more that 395,009 teachers. It is
has r ‘ dec! au ing, however, to wake up
dea Boek y, wi Re ‘act t) re Were only 6,418 actresses.
ew of get clear it takes about 1,000 teachers
the folds of : t to make as much etir get as much space
ee ‘Rave been, ut ‘a the nerepepers as one etage Indy. And
of th t 60 lies ty & w who would suppose from the relative amounts
Sid , the Yo en ree Agah- | Of comment made upon actresses and women
ciation, an imitation of oun, ae clergymen that the latter are more than hail
Christian ion, and other sued as numerour as the former? Yet there were
organisations, Judaism seems to doomed. 3,408 omen clergymen in the United States
“For what there is in it” ind ent lod ni and they were actively engaged in the
and aid leties As well as a Iwate ioe religious life of many different denomina-
dividuals ore engaged in dittere t ovcu- | tiqts.
ei luring t 2 to e year wil . t Engineering is properly regarded as the
a m, advert e ex ively the te | moat difficult profession for women, The
of a certain “cantor,” will hire hati and . | engineer has to do rough work in educating
tian chure for “Jew worship,” and a| himself and he has to do stil! rougher wor
reat deal of yelling w going on, but | when he begins to practise. Nevertheless,
the i tiated well know that the meaning of all | in 1900 there were forty women civil engineers,
if wii ft aa th 8 thirty Vota mesneme and electrical en-
. e e of the gréat Hebrew rs, ree*women mining engineers
prophets folk tbe Hebrew must once agai incidentally, there were fourteen women
return to the principles o' " fee, m and veterinary or eek
love, “Of what are your fices, And women should not forget that modern
1 your library science, with its intricate technique,

all your yers
the orpphet. sj

rm away Ae learn

to do justice, to love mercy, to walk in
homility before the fo thy God.”
As long a8 doctrines which
twenti centu
Pag t

qomue aa the

3
E
so08e
sHies
eases
se3.,
sss"
53223
ate :

ie viding them with a new and expanding
fd or professional effort: In 1900. there
were 3,125 women librarians in the United

. >
ere Were also 2,086 women saloon keep-
ers and 440 women bartenders.

Coming down ftom the professions of

ao the cataloguing bpoks and of mixing drinks
world is 5,667 years o when as a matter of | it is obsérvable in a persual of the census
fact acience has conclusively prov that | statistics that a man who wanted a new resi-
we are living d mil- | dence might conceivably have all the work

i of ames 0! “without Pye @ and

0 _ mning af

without an end, eo lona will the intelligent

Hebrew’, as aleo the thinking Christian, continue

Pe ect theses peretitous myths as unwarthy
e

: pone o prenter qenvury, progress
and achievem ° lls BERGER.
New Youre, September 22.

 

The Persian Castom ef “Bast.”
From the Independent,

In Persia there is the strange cvstem known as
“Past.” It simply means that apy cne having a
grievance by taking refuge om the premiscs of a
nobleman may demand that the nobleman take
up his cause as though the basiee were cne of his
own household. There seems to be no limit to the
custom, for the petty criminal often takes refuge
or bast, in a moeque, where he Is safe, if his friends
are allowed to feed him. If the police want him they
must starve him out. Theré was a man who sat
for eight years im ome of the legations here pa-
tently awaiting @ settlement of a@mall claim that
he had against the Persian Government, Minis-
ters came and went, but he stayed on. At lest his
claim was paid, and he died celebrating hia victory!
Few logations heré would have the courage to put
a man out, as it would bring down no «mali
amount of opprodrium upon them.

The other day every shop in the great bazaar
ih Teheran closed, and between five and alx
thousand men, merchants, artisans and some
Priests, went Into the Ehglish legation and
informed the acting Minister that they were
theré to remain vuntll the Faogiish Government
took up thelr case with the Persian Government.
Fortunately the grounds are large, but, at best
great damage must be doné to the beautiful
gardens by the five thourand end more men camp-
ingonthem. A short time ago these people would
have gone to the Russian jegation, but to-day it
is passed by and forgotten, while the streets gur-
rounding the British legation are filled with crowds
who do not hesitate to say that Fngland can have
the country If she wants lt. The whole city scemsa
to be on a strike.
have not been interfered with. Hgit 4 ton of bread
dally ie required to feed those within thé legation
com dg. All day long the Koran is read and
Allah is appealed to for heip.

Tydewriter for the Nertes,
From the Boston Record.

A prominent Boston physician has a new cure
for nervous prostration. He ls making ali hie pa-
tlents use the typewriter, as he claims the concen.
tration necessary to operate thé machine Is very
soothing for nerves om strike.

ent ee
Under Us.
From Mount Tom.
ey stay Not in their hold
ee stokers,
Jogping to hell
fe eed @& ship.

low the ocean Moors.
Before their awful doors

thed. in flame,
hear their human iives,
Dri Tip.

o

rough the lolling alsies o° cow -adcs
and out Ri sleep,
f faces,
‘oa abd fro of happy feet,
Faery haunt my eyca;
r

murky faeces heckon me
of the cooincss of thir arn;
ir Aetul 6 ¥ against the akis.

srg and nope nt lac
by one,
tone,
Into Sameat ave bet

d are in this States
my a pached Baprlonian
New raters Forpatance

}

Only the malls, butefer and baker |

1

|

—————

done by the women who have gone into the
mechanical trades. In 10900, besides the i
women architects, who comé more proper!y
under the professions, there were 15) women
builders and contractors in the United States
167 Women masons, 145 Women carpenters,
forty-five women of City. 1,759 women
painters, glariers and warnishers, 126 women

plumbers, 241 women paperhangers and to
women Cusetp end a + A complete
aromet | mor of the sex might be
erec yt

representatives of its mod-
ern. ingenuity and activity.

pe most notable advance made py women
in the decade from 1890 to 1000 wadin stenog-
In 180 there were 21,270 atenog-
raphers and typewriters, In 1900 there were
86,118. This was an increase of more thian

ge at

raphy.

sang score in which women are
t

tC

y
going ackw eompared with men aré
those in w ih ey Might be expected to zo
forward, ely, sewing, tailoring and dress
making. There’ were fewer seamstresses,
tailoresaes and drésemakers in proportion [0
the number of men in these occupations in
1900 than there were in 1890. ork with the
needle seems to becoming too feminine

for women.

On the whole, however, the increase in the
number of women in the trade and indpery
of America ia not only satisfactory but more
than satisfactory. It is alarming. While
in 1800 there were 6,300,000 such women, in
190R there were only about 4,000,000. The
number of Women at Work increased 33 per

mt. during the decade m 1890 to 1\¥

nthat @ period the total number of wonwt
in the United States inereased only 22
cent, In other words, the number of w
at work increas half again as fast as
total number of all the women in the country
Roughly apeaking, it may be said that whe
in 1800 one woman in every six went towork
in 1900 the proportion had increased to on
in every five.

  
 

 

The Siege of Malligan’s Fort.
From te London Daily Mail

“Mulligan’s Fort,” Arva, County Cavan
fatien afser a slegé lasting since June. Then!
landiord obtained a@ decree for poss ssion o°
promises of Mr. Mulligan, who immediately bar’
caded the house, bullt a wall along the back of
premists topped with barbed wire, heavy!
tered the windows and reenforced them witi sit
bags and put in eatra doors

‘Tht fort wes garrisomed with relays of men, 499
at first numbered about fifty, and threat her! ®
e%xarp lookout for the police and bailiffs, ‘Ines
play of force wes aprarentiy too mireh for the
tiorities, who made no attempt to storm tor
A few weeks ago MF, Mulligan obtained ar
house, and funds for the defence having rr s
thé garrieon wae withdrawn and the jort \.5
ehut up.

Vesterday morning @ stecial train arrive! &
Legeagiony Crossing, near Armagh. with erry
strong force of police and bailiffs fie ”
reached Arva before the inhabitants were es
and when they rose they found the fort in pc ser’

“@aeare

| sion of the enemy without @ blow bering «
| ‘The landlord, who arrived im Coven iiring | ve

——_——— $$$ — -

wos unable to obtain 4@ convey .nce to io 4
to Arva.

 

———_—

In the October’ number of Seribner's Moc
the interca!ing Margaret Bayard Smith a!
with the taking of Washington, Mr. Per !
tributes sketches of Spain, Mr FT Seton © $
of the buffalo and Prof, Lounsbury discusses |
The five short stories are by Mrs. Wigein \'*
MR. S. Andrews, J. B. Connolly, Jisse | n
Wilitams and PF. Lynde, and Mr. John Fors '"'
ie continued. There are five poems, too, and o/b"
papers, including ome on spelling.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

Ge