a ee a_i el

see

~

‘

WILD CALL OF YOGI$ FOR BOB.

HON, ANTI-PASS THE PURE SOULS’
CANDIDATE FOR CONGRESS.

 

 

qwo Men in Brooklyn Alse Wil Suppert

Him,
fas & Great Out of Tewn Following
—jiatform Is: “Clean Up the Mouse.”

The Hon. Robert “Anti-pase” Baker is
going to clean up Congress, sweep it out,
mop it, scrub it and thoroughly purify it.
He announced it yesterday in a circular
which calls on the Peepul to support their
champion and take a fall out of the Money
Devil. For seven months not a word of
hope has come to the Peepul from the Brook-
lynpatriot. Some folks may have imagined
(bat Bob Anti-pass was crushed and re-
quced to permanent silence when Dook
Commissioner Bengel slapped him on the
wrist last February for slanging Brooklyn's
Bird of freedom and five cent fares, but it
was not so. Mr. Baker was meditating on
his and the Peepul’s wrongs and drawing
up a new declaration of independence.

His new platform incorporates the sublime
principles of Yoga, to which the great Anti-
pass became a convert more than a
ago. Persons who join Mr. Baker's now
party must become even as himself and his
teacher, Swami Vivekanananda, and study
the books Hathapradipika, Paprika and
other Hot Stuff. Ampng the planks of the
platform which Robert Anti-pase un-
draped yesterday are concentration of soul,
religious observance, veracity, avoidance
of theft, chastity, contentment, muttering of
Vedic hymns and devoted reliance on Om.
One of the salient principles of Yoga Mr.
Baker failed to incorporate in his platform
is regulation of the breath.

Mere office or party pelf will not be the
rewards of Mr. Baker’s followers. Faith-
ful adherence to the principles he sets forth
will lead them eventually to insensibility
to heat or cold, pleasure or pain. They will
have a knowledge of the past and future,
They will understand the speech of api-
mals, even their thoughts. They will know

all that is going on in other worlds,
Mr. Baker's circular announced yester-
day that pure souls all over the country

are calling on him to gird up his loins and
make the race for Congress as an independ-
ent candidate in the Sixth district. Ap-
parently the pure souled of Brooklyn are
not tearing their shirts over Mr. er's
candidacy, since the “appeal,” which was
issued yesterday, is signed by only two
Brooklyn men, including Sheriff Mike
Flaherty, luckleas governor of the Kings
County Bastile. A little thing like lack of
support at home doesn’t worry the afeat
Yogi, since Chicago is ealling for him,

ton insistently demanding that he run,
Cincinnati joining in the patriotic chorus,
Minneapolis chipping in and even far Kan-
sas City (Kan.) beseechi him to hurl
his glove full in the face the sneering

Including Shertf® MPiaherty—He |

of autumn social festivis
on Friday night, October

» hear Newport. =

and the last gather-
LM tie
sree rani cr get” ot
2, and will packet ke chazal all wlocor,

 

 

Mr., Cobb will have among his dinner
wueste at the Harvard Club Cleveland Cobb
and Cobb, his brothers; Blair Fair-

gupervising architect of

T 7S Phe

in the afearna ill e b
Ww

numerous Ni relatives and

agwey ian ™ nohingtomtans of the fashionable

set now a .

Fay of &t. L r. "eo father na
ke Sta

Henry Ives Cobb and his bride will after
a wedding Journey make their home with
the latter's mother, Mrs. William M. Postle-
thwaite, whose residence on New Hampehite
avenue is between the Leiter and Whitt4-
more houses. She is a widow and he»
husband wae chaplain in the army and
quartered for a long time at West Point,
where she natura beeame acquain
with officors o' Mab vane and thetr tamailies.
She is considered one of the most ambitious
women at the capital and ie rich, having
made investment of property left her
by her father. Her daughter being an only
child she long sinee gave out that she would

Monéy Devil.

. consent to her marriage only on the under-
By gy FA ee standing that she should continue to make
Mento yeaterday asked why the names of | ber home with her. Mirs Carol Postie-
Senator Patrick He’ McCarren, Comp- thwaite, as she is calied, 2 ore pret
troller Metz or even Five Cent Bird do not | girl with brown hairiind is always beauti-

appear at the end of the appeal, but Mr.
Beker's fellow Yogis proudly answered that
he was above such alliances—although,
said they, if the Democratic party in Brook-
lyn would purify itself and subscribe to Mr.
Paker's principles he might—only might,
understand—consent to run as the regular
ie ie eae eae light, they
joodruff might see a t, t
thought, and ask Mr “Baker to be the Re-
publican candidate. In that event he
would consider whether the Republican
perty was worthy of him. Anyway, he
wee go RA! aa Ly: he won out,
as he cer y wo . w —_ to
ive the House a r ean fran
La Follette intended to give the ate.
Among the great names which Mr. Baker
proudly presents as urging to run are
om Johnson of Cleveland, Mayor Dempeesy
of Cincinnati, Mayor Dunne of Chicago,
Mayor Rose of Kansas City, Kan.; Willem
Lioyd Garrison of Boston, rs)
Williams of the same town
Jr, of New York, and William
Reedy of St. Louis. “Congress,”
the appeal which thrilled a Bros
yesterday, ‘certainly needs cleaning. ‘It
must be freed from the predesery forces
which now direct it.” tribunes all
over the country have loo far and wide
seeking a Heroules for the job. These
are the inspjring words of the appeal:
“Yes! Twenty men could clean up the
House! Perhaps a leas nuraber could do it.
But where are the honest, fearless fighting

men to perform this tremendous
The Fifty-ninth teashans

to the country?
had none such. None of ite members dis-
pla marked courage. Democrats as
well as Republicans yielded almost without
a pomae be, oe will & their pene
Speaker. e every Congress some
honest men, there was but one—Robert
Baker—in the Fifty-eighth Congress of
whom it could be truly said that Was a
fearless fighter. To his courage is to be
attributed the large advance already made,
both in public understanding and in legis-
lation, toward the compl extirpation
of the insidiously corrupting railr: pass
from our litics .”
Only the weakness of Judge Parker,
®ays the oem, and the active hostility
of monopolisti¢ interests beat Baker last

r. The hero was dragged down by
the candidate for President and the claw-
ing of the Money Devil. The énemies of
the Peepul will try to do up Bob again, the
circular points out, but it won’t go h.

hy? Because the Peepul are awakened
and know Mr. Baker for the Galahad that
beis. The Peepu! are waking up and call-
ing for Baker.

t takes hard oash, though, to sting the
Money Devil and the circular makes a
fervent appéal for cam © grease, At
least $2,500 is needed. Hurry up and send
it in. Bob needs the m

Some of Mr. Baker's fiends thought
yesterday that he would dicker for the
support of Hearst, but the Hearstites in
the Sixth district said they weren’t par-
Ucularly interested in Mr. Baker's candi-
dacy and, anyway. what did he want to
butt in for? There was hardly enough
togo around as it was, Mr. Baker's f: 8
inuignantly denied that he was begging
for phroesy's support.

“He's for the 1,” said they, “and
the Peepul are for him.” ”

WESTCHESTER ROAD UELD UP.

INjunction Stops Viaduct Bulidirg ih
Front of Darr’s Property.

Supreme Court Justice Bischoff granted
yesterday to Frederick G. Durr an injunc-
Hon restraining the New York, Westchester
and Buston Railway Company from pro-
ceding with the construction of a viaduct

   
   

 

in front of Durr’s rty at Hunt avenue
and Bear Swamp Foad, in the Bronx.

é Durr, who has brought suit for $15,000
amages as well as for the injunction,
fays (hat in the course of ita construction
Work the compan , without warning. or
application Lo him, began to build a vindluot
eight feet high in front of bis home. The

Viaduct, he says, interferes with his ease-

ments of light, air and access,

nies the right of the qompany to

any such obstruction without ‘
company replied

co nee were a A and that
ould be com: mee.
Justice Bischoff holda ne com-
hy's action is wholly and that as

Te is no issue of ¢) ence
at stake, the work nats Pen at

t nce
and the obstruction y enling must
be removed t' Durr sbjooe to . .

ee

| Parish House for Corpus Christ! Charen,

Plans have beeh filed With Building
Superintendent Murphy for a new three

Ty and basement
ghapel building in Te ho
( een en N2ist - = the
the Rev, John s! Deachop

af

The bull ling ¢

efx

vaPpEregrzFrygei Gti? , BSgtat2ei. UWI. APRIL
E

———— $$ eee eee
“ zc

fully dressed.

Mr. and Mrs. James Otis Post will make:

their home in New York after thetr wedd:

journey. The bride, who was Miss Doro-
thea Miller, is a daughter of Commander
Jacob W. Miller, U. 8. N., retired. Sho
looked very pretty in white a prin-
cess gown and volumin veil at te
wed on Thursday tern in St.

orristown

Peter’s Church, d. :
rl tote

Post, who is a son

Post, was attended by
as best man.

Dinners were given on Monday by Mré.
Henry Barton Jacobs abd Mrs, Phillips
Alien Chirk at thei? Newport ocdttages.
Mrs. John Thompeon Spencer and Mrs.
William H. Sands had elaborate floral
decorations at_ their on Tuesday
night. Mre. Cornelius V. lit, Mré,
) nee 8. Soott a re nry nee

were « ving ners
on Wednesday. Me. J. Prt Pierson, Jt.,
pre a dinnér on muse igh Mra.

y Brady gave one of the Frida dinners.

Countess Lilian Hoyos and Countess
Camelia Hoyos of Austria were the guests
last week of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Choate
at Lenox. Lady Gordon Lennox, who has
visited with friends here frequently, arrived
some days sincefrom England. The Marquis
de Casa Calderon came over last week.
Countess de Ceptiomtndedo and Baron ae
Baroness von Kappeén have been so.
at the Hoffman of late. Lad ‘Michaef
Henry Herbert will remain uring
autumn with her parents, Mr. Mrs.
R. T. Wilson. She in town to sve her
sons, Michael and Henry Herbert, who

to Eton, sailing for En di on Tuseday.
fe is some copes oo a and Belen,

reati in adalona -

o ; for their homes on the other
side. Baron and Baroness nowita von
Wilkahova of Russia are on a visit here.

Tues-
onta

Baron Charles de Geers last
edn y. ly Au-

day and Comte do
on is the quest of Miss

from France,
os a
ement' Furnies at Edertcdmb, her
Sir How: Vinesnt of Lon-

Lenox place.

don has at the Hotel Astor of late.
Count and Countess de Langier- Villiers
have returned to town after a summer at

Bar Harbor.

Newport wil he réndezvous this week
Ry by eee of Thursday, of
various members of the Astor and Wilson
families. Mr. and Mre. John Jacob Astor
and their son, Vincent Astor, are looked
for on Wednesday on the Kronprinz Wilhelm,
and Mr. and Mrs. M. Orme W ilson and their
sons may be here a day eartier. Mr. G.
Ogilvy Haig. who is just now visiting friends
in Boston, will rejoin her mother, Mre.
Astor, at wood within a day or two.
Mr. Wilson's renta, Mr. and rs. J T.
ilson, a r New e,
and Mrs. R . Wilson, Jr., wae bes ee
town of late, will r.turn to the resort tem-
porarily. Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt is still
giving dinners there.

Miss Maude Elliott, a cousin of President
Roosevelt's, who makes her winter home
in Washington, has been made much of all
summer by her friends at Elkton, a Vi ia
resort. Elliott ie an invalid and her
afternoon teas weré crowded with promi-
nent .

Mr. and Mrs. John Jacob Astor, after a
visit to Newport, will be for the autumn at
their country place, Ferncliffe, at Rhine-
beck, N. ¥., which is simply the family
headquarters, as they are continually in

town/ Mr. Astor vent to Europe in August
and he been chiefly in Paris. PM. stor,
who went over in the opens. Dae a an
at Aix-le Bains, though has been there
but little and has of late been Reyes 3 series
of viata a4 Sree houses in tiahd. Mr.
and Mrs. . 0, Wilson have been recently
at Norway,

in a yacht,
Mrs Benjamin Kftower, who has been
abroad since 6 will sail ehdrtly for
home. Mr. Mrs. Levi P. Morton and
Mise Mary Morton, who have summered?
abroad, sail for home next Thursday, Sep-
tember 27, and will to Ellersiiée, their
country place at Rhinebeck on the Hudson,

for the autumn. . and Mrs. F. rton
Webb, who have A. A jhe ast few

months, will sail f Furope
home f

 
 

wey s

, eee Perea eee ee ay
ae. me whee pane ’ Beh Ce Bea!

‘SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1908, - ,

 

 

whose wedding with Miss Evelyn Blight

will be celebrated at Newport ori Detober 11,

hes been in town during the last week.
ine : t's b -law and sister,
. an ,

= he
cee ah te
areeee mee We thao

 

well D ,
dor, in A m
little time. Mr.and firs
pass the veut on
Astor’s son will go to sohool

Philadelphia girls are bewailing thet
one of the most eligible of their beaux.
Anthony J. Drexel Paul is to absent for
some time to come. Mr. Paul sailed for
Europe with his father, James W. Paul,
who is a brother of the late Mrs. W. Wal-
dort Astor, on September 15. He was gradu-
ated from Harvard lest June and is going
bo pase the one & iger hunting,

will return this — twelve months.

He is a grandchild the late pateee
Drexel, who left him $1,000,000.

Meza dere: fw nine thar
hee bee a rolling J au

u the cipal. She
is now eighteen ca has Cole hastns her
| education completed om the other side.
Mr. Paul went over to see his daughter,
and he will not luce her until anot

winter. Mr. and . Paul .
son-in-law and hter of Mr. Paul, who

were at New ‘or the summer, have
entertained York friends during the
last week at

ctest, Radner, Pa.

Cards are here for the wedding of Miss
Margaret Elwood and William White of
New York, to take place at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Horace El-
wood at South Orange, N. J., next Wesnes-

bel

da: piveencen. eee for that at ine
; and Sent Sayen, Jr., on the
mee” in St. Philip’s Church, Phila-

country place, Wood-

same
deip
Misé Heleh Ernet is one of the attractive
and rich Washington maidens who wil
pass the winter in New York. An aunt
who tived in Boston left her a million some
years since. She ia well known «>dially
here aad abroad and is a daughter of Gen.
Oewald Ernst, who was for some years
ia at West Point and is now
with the Panama Commiesion. Mrs. Ernat
ad Mee Ernst will deyote two ra to
. William Morton Grinnell, formerly
je Ernat, the loss of whose hus-
d denly last winter was 4 great
iction. Having sold her house on Madi-
son avenué meanwhile, she will live in an
partment hotel on her return, with her
fttie children, from the country.

Mr. and Ms. Winthrop Sands, son and

 

daughter in law
bilt, were at Bt.

Mr. and Mrs. Edward Livingstone Stevens,
will lofate hete a couple of Weeks
hence, when they return from
bridal jaunt. Both ate New Yorkers
ou their recent wedding was celebrated
at Greenwich, Conn., where the bride's

Mrs. William K. Vander-
oritz last week. .

 

rents, Mr. and Mra. Lyndon H. Stevens,

Gere still at (heir summer home.

 

The wedding of Miss Annie W. Willetts
and Samuel Roosevelt Outerbridge will be
o@lebrated next Tuesday at St. James's
Church, Skaneateles, N.Y. The bride, who
will wear a onstume of white satin with
lace, tulle and orange blossoms, will be
attended by the Misses Marion Willette,
her sister, and Marguerite Slack of New
York, Marion Litchfield of Brooklyn and
Miss Daisy Turner of Chicago as brides-
maids. Frank Outerbridge will assist his
Core anon! a Forest Hicks and Rutgers

rey, 0 and Rutgers
Jewett ot Now York, James ' Tersy of
Brooklyn and Arthur Me
Cleveland will be ushers.
mony Mrs. Jos@ph C. Willetts, whose town
residence is at 52:East Fifty-sixth street,
will give a bridal breakfast at her country
place, the Bo

Cora, Countess of Stafford, is still so-
joufning with her mother, Mrs. Smith, at
Baliston Spa, N. Y.,,and has visiting her
Mrs. William Pollock. Lady Stafford’s

ured knee somewhat interferes with her
taking muck exercise. Her daughter, Misa
Col 5 r, uncle and his wife,
Se pean, Hdl te autor nts
al ® r
start on a California trip.

The expedtation is ‘that. James Hazen
Hyde will arrive here in time to attend the
Horse Show. His mother, Mre, Hyde, has

turned from Sarat:

ley and her daugh
will be in town for the winter. r. 6
was much tnis socially last season, being
one of the few bachelonm who entertain to
any eatent. &inoe Miss Ripley made her
début a couple of seaaons since she has
taken no part in festive functions, owing to
mou for her father, the late Sydney
Dillon Riplay. She will this winter, no
doubt, be scen at all the parties.

The wadding of Mine Bertha W. Rechen.

Weather of
After the cere-

widers.

 

a,and his sister, Mrs:
rn sr ilies .

 

  
    
        
 

offield’s

Anti-Septic

=~ Gréme
dentifrice

THE QRIGI4AL TOOTH PASTE

Uned dy the Elite of
the World Since 1850.

Dr. Sh

their |

|

 

|

 

|

Broadway,fat Thirteenth Street

Selections From an Impressive
Showing of Tailored Garments
In the New Fall Models for Pisin end Misses
Long Covert Paddock Coats $19.75

A graceful 50-inch fly front covert cloth coat, notch
collar and lapels and back. ‘

j
Coats of Mannish Mixtures $17.50
and mixtures form the patterns. The model ts

Checks
double breasted, half fitted or fell back, collar inlaid with
velvet patch pockets.

Tailored Suits of Broadcloth $39.50

The broadcloth ts nd of an
in black, blue, ede get grey. ye
fitted effect elaborated with velvet and embroidery.

% sleeves. Plated panel skirt braided.

Tailored Suits at $25

In cheviot and broadcloth. Colors—brown, black, blue,
elephant gray, Coat in corset effect 22 of 24 inches long
lined with ers’ guaranteed patio. Collar and cuffs o
inlaid atitched velvet. Plaited panel circular skirt.

Shirts in Autumn Models $7.50

Full double box platted skirts of serge in blue and black
together with chiffon Panama skirts in blue and black, having
inverted plaits and finished with straps.

Junior Tatiored Suits $18.50 ~

Large platd Norfolk Suits in green, red, brown and blue
tones, Jacket satin lined. Full kilted skirt. ‘Sizes 13, 15 and
17 and for small wotnen.

Girls’ Dresses at $8.50

Russian blouse models, full plaited skirt, yoke of braided
a Of undressed serggin blue, red and brown.
izes 6 to 34.

Hadkétt, Carhatt &@
SPECIAL VALUES

in high grade imported and domestic worsted Suitings
in tian Browns and Scotch Plaids; also a line of
Gun al Stripes and Plaid Overcoating. Suit or
overcoat to order, $25.00.

Our Tuxedo Suits at $35.09 and Full Dress, $40,00,
are made of English Drape, silk lined and faced. The |

values, cannot be du ficated elsewhere.
materials wit book a
Vel of Fasbien'’; ff vir prove interesting ik sane aot, «The |
{ M 9

ARNHIE

Broadway & Ninth Street.

2 Ame © om ane ee

Fancy

 

 

 

berg and Edward Hungerford will take
place next Saturday morning at 11 o'clock

 

in the Latheran Church of the Holy ‘Prinity. Drink
Central Rark West. The bride iya daughter |
of Chares Mesh he eegroom | NEUE Okino soca Dae
reer ti A > ‘ - “Be .

ee see High Grade

Mr. and Mrs. WB. O. Ficid are in Canuda | GINGER ALE AND OTHER
oh a hunting trip. Mr. and Mrs. Marry tod
Payne Whitney returned from Newport laat eum a
Tharadey te Ret ouster pikes a6 Revive, | THE KIND THAL's FIT fy DANK,
L. I. Mr. and Mre. James Speyer, who Ps - » test

gummered abroed and arrived home on |

Thursday, Will pase the sarily autumn at |
their country house at Scarborough, N. Y

Mr. Mrs 3 F. — who fags
from Eurepe on Wy, have gone heir

and Sirs. |

|

 

* ot |
a .
WALTER R. AMIN |

W, Mh st., New ;
Tuxedo Cottage. Mr. Ernest SEND POR PRICE LISS.

   

AUTOGRAPH
LETTERS

Wiltse, who have returned from Europe,
ave to pass the winter at Tuxedo. SSS
Mrs. Wilts, who was Miss Emir Stuart AKT SALES AND BAHUMTION®,

PLEA wn nw

Fift hrAuction

 

Taylor, was introduced here a few 6.sons
einoe by her aunt. Mrs. Pierre Tovillard,
Cay t. Isaac and his daugh: v, «rs. |

 

 

Smith Hcllins McKim, sail from the other
stde for home this Week. |'Avenue Roo m s
Mr. and Mre. Paul G. Thebaud are ex- | INCORPORATED.

333-341 Fourth Avenue,
8. BK. Cor. 35th Bt.

H. A. HARTMAN, Auctioneer.
HOUSEHOLD FURNISHINGS
NOW ON EXHIBITION
A choice collection of
MODERN AND ANTIQUE
Weber Baby Grand and Wopright

Cane

home this week after a‘few months |

of Continental travel and will locate for the
autumn at Hillair, their beautiful country
place near White Plains, N. Y. Mr. and
Mrs. Thebaud, who engertain in lavish and
delightful fashion, celebrage each autumn
their wedding anniversary. The next oc-
casion will be the 16th.

Mrs. Astor, now said to be improving in
health at her Néwport residence, has not

A

 

year. The most'recent war the musicale Cvigees age Carpets,
following a dinner given after she returned Oil Paintings, W: ore,
the late summer last Barepe Bu Clock Bets,
She had not begun her usual serier of din- Rare Old English Tea Sete,
ners last winter when she gave up her ac- Paillard Musio Box, ing 80 airs,
customed early January ball on account Coot Origa, 0:
RICHLY ©

FLORENTINE FURNITURE,

Handsome

Colonial Mahogany

at her town house ip the aut ivin
ab forthe Dusen 0 hosbtrghe,
wedding of son with Miss Goelet.

Days
WEDNESDAY, THURSDA
FRIDAY AFTERNOONS."
Sept. 26, 27, and 28, 1906,
at-2 o’clock each day.

Miss (adys Vanderbilt and her cousins,
Harold 8. Vanderbilt and Mies Ruth, Van-
derbilt Twombly, are the three pro-

members of the Vanderbilt family.

jated
Mf 'wombly is now with her parents,
Mr. and Mra, H. McK. Twombly, at Piel

   

INSTAL ICTION. i

a

 

 
 
 

 

—

= te weer, +, ae if he soos in for a 50 waist
Commissioner elds Bays Grace iLike | the rush of immigrants may atop.
. | minsloner Shields advised ‘iva to

Com-

Sas "Waadervit ond Tearesd M Vaidarbi

as Vanderbilt en arold S. Vanderbilt PA RII AAAI AANA AA AAPRARD DS

are abroad, but are expected home soon. cont) te, Monday to Fiddy “emt ei Be aug:
aia " ws,

M. Desportes de la Foss, the much ard- | 136) lroodway, ——— a Se
mired counsellor of the French Embnse, Business Colleges.
has been oes of late in the White Moun e ona
tains with s. Stuyvesant Fish, Harry 7
poi. ge Ne Ste Pye! ANA
Max Muller, Miss Swan, Mra. “athalie |° |
somone’ come ene ote friends. @ 4 SHORTH AND
800n e a trip prance to escort his |
wife and daughter back to this elde, they
having been home during the summer. SCHOOL,

sidiliies 416 BROADWAY, N. E. corner seth st.

Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hunter Potter have | Gourses tn shorthand, typewriting, oe! |
returned from Belvoir Island, Spencer | ape Dudinese metnbds une the Patrecuoe
‘Trask’s camp 6n Lake George, where they | Gu: methods Insure you an sarkine ch pect in |
went op their wedding trip, t6 Aratomas | ppl sbacteet possible time co Alstent with ibora ch |
arm, atonah, where they will spend the ; ber i Tilal work Tres” wie or call for full infor
autumn. mation. FR, WANNA, Princtipei. ; }

eee
ALIENS ON HIS NERVES. agetnics
Relomnly Swearing. ave the
clothes made with an elasti¢ gora

The rush of aliens to secure their first Tre tramp of the aes haa on |

citigenship papers, which has been on | the nerves of every one*in the building

+h The Commissioner says he dreams about
since the beginning of the Jewish holidays, Eaeternae aoe, on yn eS vam e ”

continued yesterday. When closing time | ; 5

Deputy Marshal \ hed t chee | many during pan tes thet it has
the corridors by physical exertion. When “Do you know what I did last nighs?”
WD weighed out after the scrimmage he | he said when he reachnd his office yoster-
found he had d an even three pounds. | day and saw the forei horde already
Thore is no sivn of a dimihution in the rush, | lined up. “Why, when T satedown to the
and he is afraid that if he has his {all suit | table and started to say grace the firat
nade 6) waist measure he will be too thia | thing I Said was ‘Hold up your right hand.’ °

 

Sui

 

Me Alten & Go. WHL OPFER IN A FEW DAYS
FABRICS FOR DRAPBRIES. FURNITURE COVERINGS,
NV ALL HANGINGS,’ ETC.

AT EXCREDINGLY LOW PRICES. ‘
OF WHICH DUE NOTICE WILL BE GIVEN. .

SPECIAL SALE OF EVENING SILKS

Commencing Meaday, September 24,
9,000 yardsof Pompadour Creze de Chine, 23 inches wide,

in a variety of choice designs, regular price $1.25.
(Rear of Rotunda, First Floor.) at 62c per yard.

(Gheseeeennenecnmeameationee- canst

_ ORIENTAL, EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN RUGS.

Inspection is invited of the new detigns in American Rugs which are
now being shown, in addition to the usual large selection of Oriental
Carpet. Aubussoa, Sevonnerie and Axminster Ruge in artistic ecler
ing: and patterns, inchding various period styles.

DECORATIVE OBJECTS OF ART.

Objects adapted for ornameatal purpoves are be'ng displayed in te
cent importations which include Brenzes, Porcelain, Clocks and
Clock Sets, Miniatures, Ivories, Silver Enamels, and many other
pieces of special decorative value.

LACES, SILKS AND WOMEN’S APPAREL.

B. Altman & Co. are offering for the autumn season a very interesting
section of LACES, comprising eaclutive desigus in Tulle Flounees,
Galoons and Inseftions in matched series, embroidered with metal
thread im gold or silver effects: Filet, Guipure d'art, Venise, Cluay
and French Crochet; also the various laces employed by the Freach
coutuneres for the trimming of g@wny. Exclusive novelties in Unmnade
Robes showing spangled, lace and embroidery effects.

Autumn selections ef IMPORTED SILKS AND VELVETS for ahes-
nooh amd evening gowns, including a oumber of fine novelties
adopted this season by prominent Parisian dresmakeri. Particular
care has been bestowed on the selection of silks with regard to ther
good wearing qualities.

Early importations of FALL. WRAPS, suitable for carriage, recep
tion, theatre and street wear; made of Chiffon Velvet in Pastel shades
or Broadcloth in the leading colorings, Motor and Traveling Coan
of Tweeds, Pleide, Satin Rubber, otc. in extensive varieties

A large variety of designs in TRIMMED HATS, made ia the estab-
lishment or of French importation. Toques, turbeas and snail motheh
for first wear. Fashionable effects it Iaege hats corresponding in eater:
ing to the new afternoon and theatre costumes. Mourning Millinery,
embracing Paris hats and bonnets recently received.

The latest foreign models in SILK and LACE WAISTS fer tader
suits ot evening weer. The’ materials include Velencienmes, Chany
and Irish Laces, Marquisette, Chiffon, plein and eubroalered Tafbetas
and Crepe de Chine; Plaid and Roman Striped Sika Imparted.
Waists of Linon, Mull and Cotton Voile, haad-embroidered aad
hand-made.

SALE OF WOMEN’S SILK HOGIERY,

A sale of Women’s Silk Hosdery has beea especially prepared fer
Monday, September 24, comprising the fellowing styles at desidedly
below the usual prices

Women's Black Silk Exbroidered Hose, regular price $2.50 per pals,
at $1.85 per pair. Per box of three paim, $5.00.

~ .
Women's Plain Black Sik Mose, regular price 61.95 per pais,
at $1.10 per pair. Pee bon of dvee pair, $3,00,

(Reet of Rotunda, First Floor.)

STORE WILL BE CLOSED DURING THE MONTH GF SEPTEMBER
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON ON SATURDAYS AND aT
5 P. M. ON OTHER WEEK DAYS.

Miueternth Ptrect and Gxt Aacem, Mone Wire

PPPOE POLE ELE PLL EA ee

° ’

ee