eM ae

aes,

 

era e

eo

Sen

RACY DRIVES 70 VICTORY

ars FIRST IN VANDERBILT

ELIMINATION TRIAL.
ee

nace With Le Bion tn Which French-

pan i Defeated—Milo & Minute Werk

py Winner —Locomobile, Thomas, Haynes,

pope-Toledo and Christie Are Selected.

GasDENn Crry, Sept. 22.—The elimination
for American automobiles which are
form @ team in an attempt to hold the
presented for international competition
‘William K. Vanderbilt, Jr., were held
the cup course to-day. Altogether a
ynsatisfactory result could not well
heen imagined. Three cars alone of
twelve that started were able to finish
orp the race was called off. The beat
of to-day war the comparatively light
powered Locomobile entered by 8. T.
a<iy, Jr., and driven by Joseph Tracy.
‘s car came home first by a handsome
in, a victory that was deserved on the
npared performances of the cars as they
n in to-day’s competition.
Bacept for one stop deliberately planned
palf the distance of 207.1 miles by Tracy
car ran smooth and free throughout
qhole course, Not once when he came
ing down the long stretch past the grand
4 could his engine be heard to miss or
_ It never ran 80 well before and
wy pot only was the leader by 23 minutes
geoonds over Hubert Le Blon, driving a
shoree-power Thomas, in actual elapsed
but on three separate laps he went far
ier the best figures for a single cirouit
the new course. He recorded his third
sed in 80 minutes 34 seconds, his fourth in
pinutes 48 1-5 seconds and then after he
wished the lead to devote a bit of
to replenish the oil and gasolene in his

 
 
  
  

Band changing the tires he came out and

P

  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 

 
 
  
 
  
  
  
    
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

4 the sixth circuit of 29.71 miles in 29
sien 293-5 8eoonds. Mile a minute work
y creditable on @ course like that
d over to-day.
r Le Blon’s Thomas, which was
dently short of work for the race, had
»in it was followed nearly an hour
r by Elwood Haynes's 60 horse-power
nea car driven by H. N. Harding. At
time Herbert H. Lyttle had covered
rounds of the course in the Pope-Toledo,
Walter Christie in his 50 horse-power
je had a considerable lead over the
Miller entry driven by Lawwell,
hough on the official record each had
it for eight laps.
}} was at this time that the referee de-
‘ed that the race should be cut short
use many persons were crowding out
the road just below the dangerous turn
Lakeville.
After Mr. Vanderbilt had called the con-
off he had the telephones all going
order to find out the relative positions
the Pope-Toledo, Christie and Frayer-
cars, al] three of them having passed
stand within the half hour preceding
time Mr. Vanderbilt stopped the race,
the Pope-Toledo had started on its
round of the course he placed it in
position on the team and gave to
Christie machine the fifth place, as
vas nearly half an hour ahead of Law-
I's Frayer-Miller. The five cars that
represent America against the three
n teams on October 6 are Locomo:-
, Thomas, Haynes, Pope-Toledo and
ie.

The time performances were as follows:

ELIMINATION TRIALS FOR VANDERBILT
cur.

‘en cireults of course, 20.7% miles per lap.

  

wiapocd
Start. Finish. Time.
Driver and Machine A.M. O.M 6. 8B M.S.
h Imevy, ) horse
power Locomublir 610 1193 4 5 27 2
bertLeBion, 115 horse
power Thomas 466 11:66 351 2%
N, Harding, 60 horse
power Haynes 61l Ban 6% 30
H, Lyttle, 120 horse
power Pope Toledo (9
ounds) . 6m ove 637 53
Christie.) horse power
bristle (8 rounds) . 6 08 620%
nk Lawwell,110 horse
er Frayer Miller (&
ounds) , 607 6 26 06

30,000 PERSONS SEF THE RACE.
tis safe to say that along the cirouit
pwere lined up 200,000 persons who
pt hard to get a look at the racers
they dashed by and on many of
) leve straight stretches endangered
r lives and those of the drivers by
ting out too close to the flying cars.
when they began to arrive at the course
impcssibie to fix definitely. There were |
bos on hand in waiting for the -ace
day ago. A lot of persons ran down
m the city and from nearby places
parking room and@ then proceeded
£0 to sleep in their cars while awaiung
dawn and the big race. Not only was
tme of enc'osed cars with the limousine
fits, but.also of some of the regu lation
touring cars where the occupants
free from the effects of night dews
by wrapping around them long rubber
hkets. A man who went about said that
sa” No less than 500 such camping par-
B before the race began.
t Was impossible to estimate the num-
variety of automobiles that were
nged alongside the course. If there
0,000 persons there it seemed as
there were about one automobile to |
twenty persone, They represented
type, designer's idea and horse-
er,and had a lot of merry little elimi-
4on trials on the way out. The police
biucted a few elimination trials on their
n account, and there were some that
that had trouble getting to the

 

vere was one other noticeable feature
the crowd, and that was the presence
more of what is called the tough element
h ever before. The early mornin
oials on the Long Island Railroad, whic
ed the bulk of the visitors of the non-
mobile type to the acene of action, were
et with the rowdy and smart lads
he class that has come to be 80 ob-
ble to persone who have to ride
ated and subway trains in this city
ays. The incongruity of the in-
of such persons in the automobile
was striking. What brought them
it is hard to explain, and they cer-
Vouchsafed no reason in support
ve er they did, The persons who
Of the early specials in Mineola and
this morning did not relish the
walk to the course in such com-

HOTELS TAXED TO THE LIMIT.
be hotel accommodations at Garden City,
Westhury, Lakeville and Roslyn
n stretched to the limit and the farm
; in the neighborhood, such as were
. © accomriodate motoring str: ere,
lot of business. The crowds from
Started out toward various points on
course early in the day. In fact, the
Mend opposite the starting line began
ied at half past 2 clo, The long,

P Strip of road that wound down t

veh eum pike glittered and shone in the
ight of the automobile army. Autos
ed and whizzed and greed in from
side and their constant passing and
ng in the damp darkness of an early
ad) orning before daybreak was
ae » with a peculiar cold glitter by
viene tanks way up at the top of
bd stand. Although everything was
— k and some of the Grivers were
careful no one was hurt jn that

" efore the dawn began to
gee 5 o'clock had come around.
ands all along the course were well
An naturally that at Westbury was
ve the heat of all, giving as it did
+ eige of the standing of each driver
ime performance for the circuits he

" goed stand crowd at an automobile
the wn is not unlike the show circle
Pera or the list of the gazed at in
eye Show. It is always about

one Man or womap mav be spe-

 
  

py We re Se Bd Me eahdy

   
 

 

ings Tor hotmne Tether tons
biles, there are enou, a
other side to aie the teins reyscon the

W. K. VANDERBILT, JR., ARRRVES EARLY.
Among the early arrivals wae W. K.
who arrives bolore Ib esse hekt meh aoc
‘ore it. wae t ro)

around with an old blue cap:on his
and a gray sweater wrapeca his
neck by the arms.. He did sport his
favorite old time coat, wi : has come
to be known well at ‘race meetings. Mrs.
Vanderbilt alao was there, and , with
. Peter Martin; sat in the box directly
over the finish line. The next bot was
that of vaste Whitney, who was in excellent
mood and led an impromptu chorus in
singing such epics as “Give Us a Drink,
r,” and “Waiting at the Chufch,
the apparent peqcneruly of which com-
bination struck him only as funny. He
and W. K., Jr., came out very atr on the
“My wife won't let me” ee, while Mrs.

| Yandertils smiled and tried to look real | with the sixth:-round onl

firm, as if she knew that her consent cer-
tainly was necessary to-any undertaking.
Pa: Thompson was along with Whitney.
- Ambrose Clark, far removed from his
loved steepipckioona’ was on hand, and
a far fram him Hermann Oelricha. Jr..
ver Harriman, Arthur Ieetin, Chatiles
Steele and Mortimer L. Schiff made up a
sort of financial quintet. Samuel D.
Babcock, Frantis C, Bish , Sidney Smith,
W. E. D. Stokes, Benjamin Butler, J. J.
Marshall Doelger, George Isha

Scott, Ralph Peters, Lewis Wataon, Eugene
Peters nt at Be Owe’ nied
Bulmer B: Beowt ana ii
ney 8. were
one box near the Vand with heir
father and. e Heath, . won tbe

Vanderbilt cup in 1004. Mr.’ and Mrs.
Charles G. Gates, ’C. C. Wigner, A. P.
Kountze, Mrs. Cornelius F. Wells, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Osgood Pell, Mr. and Mrs. M.’G.
Pattergon, Mr. and Mrs. E. R. ‘Thomas of
Buffalo and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Dunlap, Mrs. Henry Brady, Jr., of Scran-
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Singer, Mr.
and Mrs. John F. Plummer, Mrs. Herman
Mi rton also were noted in
the throng. : . :
PRIVATE GRANDSTAND FOR T. HITCHCOCK, JR,

Thomas Hitchcock; Jr., had a private
grand stand all to himself on the. opposite
side of me red. The pouree: rune waht
ompense e hoook reining ragk an
stables and in ‘ition of the generosity
of Mr. Hitchcock in. letting the ou -"
mission have the ground quite . of
charge the was put ‘in for him.

Raymond nt. and

Peter y, Mrs. Thomas
t Mrs. Cornelius J. -Fellowes
were among those whd were in the stand
from time to time. Mr. and Mrs. H. B.
Joy of Detroit, J. A. Hollister, A.L: Riker,
Robert Lee Morrell, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.
Maxwell, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Briscoe,
J. W. Thompson, R. H. Williams.and A. J.
Moulton were among the persons promi-
nent in the automobile line. H.L. Ba
with the Flying Dutchman has
busy around the course for the last few
days showing the car which still sports the
figure 2 u some time ago in a big race
at Ormonde Beach in F a,

KEELER: FIRST ON THE BCENB.

With the aun up and the crowd out
of bed and there on hand there was nothing
left to do but start the racés. It wagonlya
little after 5:20 when Ernest Keeler, who had
been wande all about the Westbury
streets earlier in the morning in his Olds-
mobile, came ri z = deqiqho turn-

ike with his exhaust, pu Toaring.
cheers for him because he was the
Keeler sported a huge black cigar
and he and his mechanic were dreased with
gray sweaters underneath ame vesta,

uite a contrast to the fancy garb of Le
Bion and the other Thomas team members.

M ni, with his Matheson car, got u
very shortly after Keeler, and the big, hand~-
some Italian, who not seen much
on the course, was warmly greeted by the

rand stand and made a hit at once. Her-
Fert Lyttle, with his Pope-Toledo breathjng:
flame at every leap, was the next to show up
and he and Keeler stood together and
amoked very close to a large oil tank sat
Lyttle’s man was examining. Tracy, Rob-
erts, rding, Caillois, the latter coming
au OOD 8 re eed . Le
Bion, Christie, Belden and Lawwell followed
inorder. That Nears aed gem to drive the
cars, because the Maxwell compan.
Soiied not to send Wally Owen gut ehh &
made over touring car and the B.-L, M.
had one of its cylinders smashed thé day
veiyecy had \ pber coat

on a ion ay ru cocoa!
and an exag rated rut ofr rubber about his
neck. Le Blo 1
ful face gave the lie to his reputation for
dash a daring as a driver. Caillois,
ever so much bigger as oe any other
of the: drivers, had a time getting
his car into line at the request of the starter.
Eventually the twelve ¢ t lined up,
Keeler, No. 1; Mongini, No. 3; erts,No. 5;
Christie, No.9; Lawwell, No. 11, being on the
side nearest the public stand. There
was no No. 13 use, as the gramme
said, it had n. “eliminated ause of
eral superatition associated with it.”
Fre even pavers canes ——_ os oe
opposite side, they were, in order: Lyttle,
ch lols, Le Blon, Frayer, Tracy, Harding
and Belden. The scheme was to get the
cars away one at a timé, coming from alter-
nate sides with a minute interval, starting
the first one at 6 o'clock.

The first part of this “wr worked
to perfection. Keeler got car_into
line and Charley Dieges tap off the
seconds on his back until the heavy hand
came down hard along with the cry “Go!”
and Keeler slipped out slowly to stat the
race for elimination.

MONGINI MAKES A CLEVER START.

Lyttle’s car waa Vv sluggish, but he
soon disappeared in a cloud of dust toward
Jericho. ongini gave a most remarkable
exhibition of skill with the wheel, and he
came away from the mark exactly on the
word and yet running under almost ful
speed with such cleverness that the stand
rocked with commendation. Not*a few

ersons then made a prediction that Mon-
gini and the weight carrying Matheson
would be heard from in the race. Caillois
had some trouble with his tires and he was
delayed twenty-five seconds of the minute
that should have followed his departure,
because he could not get things going.
When he did get the car started he zipped
toward a young man with a red flag, who
thought he could stop the Frenchman.
Luckily the young man got out of the way
before they met. |

Le Bion had his troubles too, because
he simply could not crank his car and he
lost almost half a minute before the lines

ot working right. Then he gave an exhi-
ition of the way to start fast and keep
oing. As if the accidents to the other
Ge homas cars were not bad enough,
Roberts broke one of his valve rods, which
ripped the hood. This had to.be taken off
ona thrown aside. It served later as a
rain shield for a middle aged man who
sat in the first row of the grandstand. The
man put his head through dhe of the ex-
haust pipe holes and presented a unique

d pleasing yre.
whe Frayer-Miller, making an ld sight
with the driver on the left side and the me-
chanic on the right, reverse of the — in
the other cars, got away without much fuse
and Christie as usual had his car wéll in
hand. Lawwell’s Frayer-Miller followed
and then Tracy went away like a shot, fol-
lowed by a tremendous burst of cheers.
He emilingly waved his right hand in ac-
knowl t to the compliment as he
swept out of sight. The last car to get off,
Belden’s Frayer-Miller, moved about as
much as five feet and then came to a
stop. For a while the few nervous ones
were afraid that Lyttle or somebody else
going around for his next ue would bump
the car with the extension in the middle,
but it managed to get out of the way after
a while.

SOME EARLY ACCIDENTS.

About the.very first. returns wes that
Cajllois had broken one of his cylinders and
was proceeding in difficulty, on the remain-
ing ones. Lee Frayer sto at Roslyn
with.a broken radius rod and a flat ttre and
that was all for him for the day. Keeler
didn’t show up for a long time and all sorts of

wild ramors were heard that he had come to °

ief. But other than having the exhaust
k fire into his carburetor and burn out
that somewhat valuable piece of furniture
he was all right. Of course the car quit
running, His first lap took him two hours
and fourteen minutes to make, when he did
eventually struggle home

Hill quite painlessly was recei

- > The news that Mongini had wra the
me pere?ns who do the same thing, | Matheson around @ pole on aoe

  
 

mor ti at aw , . ‘al
Pee rtra preg ie, Nie cast | LoL TL

iv feol-,| in the day betére the

"cerrea, dames Lawrense beehes ‘aha’
sa Elzabeth Mo . he

‘| sheuld sa:

n's long saturnine and mourn- |.

negotiated a. single lap.

start. rouble with h

and

; den’s Friyer-
' trouble to, get started, was worked up into
| such a frenzy that on the fifth lap it had to

be withd
heated. That left the fleid to five cars.

LYTTLE LEADS FOR TWO LAPS.

For the first la

erm also hei to put Caillois
tailyo t of the nerd Ee Thomas
foul ot last long with a- broken valve rod.
] ier, which had such

wn because the engine was over-

Lyttle was the leader

and he held this otventa for still another

| dircuit, when he slip

back to second,
while Le Bloh gained theadvantage. Tracy |

was ahead ip the fourth, having come up

from sixth.
tire troubles were what ruined his chances.
In the fifth Le Blon went back into the lead
because T: used up several minutes in

in new and oil.

Lyttle still was second. His

overhauling’ car and, as he said, puttin
gnoctene He got back his lead

be outstripped

to
by Le, Bion in the apventhe By less than a

‘minute Le was first in the eighth, but

he went totally out of it in the ninth, when
svearres very close to 31 minutes, as against
vy 47 for the Frenc ,w tires

certainly were ndét doing their work.
' There was one unpleasant feature of the
management and that was that although a
wire fence had been put up for a thousand
feet to the west of the grand stand toward
‘Mineola the yast crowd of persons gathered

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

into the turnpike persisted in rushing out

vis, Jr., were among: | there each time a racer hove in sight.

Automobilists are accustomed to getting

ouged on prices, “but the wae they were
‘hiked ‘én them y was a crime beyond
hope.of pardon. ffee of the “perhaps”
Kind was valued at 10 cents per amall cup
and it was an abominable beverage.
Cigars ‘that’ ought
cents is asked for them sold at 15 cents,
while cigarette pri just doubled.. The
only thing anybody got for nothing reported
the whole afternoon was a cigarette given
to a native of. Garden City by a visitor.

Mr. B and Mrs. Vanderbilt got tired
one ‘time hea Peter Prunty | say
“Flower Hill” and they called him over
and carefully. instructed. him that he
“Arbor Hill.” Peter, who: had
antio before moat .of .the youn
-orowned heads of Europe, bore his part o!
the conversation welFand retired with the
grace of a duchess, leaving the royal pres-

- party of French persons had ev one

Huhgry about the malddle of the morning
when they produced a little Fremch motor
ha r whioh was ‘filled with prepared
food or the makingé: They hed several
different kinds of sandwiches and slices of
‘thicken were served on white enameled
‘lined trays. When that part of the meal
was over one of the men in the party brewed
a pot of cocoa over @ little spirit lamp.
Every one was quite envious. ‘N. B._He
did net wash the breakfast dishes.

4 , + -
HOW THE RACE WAS WON.

\

 

 

Lyttig the Early Leader, Gives Way to
* Tracy and 12 Biles.

Garven Crrr, Sept. 22.—In spite of the
misgivings of the misanthropes, the second
annual occasion upon which an elimination
trial was necessary to select the American
team in the Vanderbilt cup race was not
marred by any connection with the hoodoo
number 13, as, after. all, there were but an
even dozen of cars sent away this morning.
Of the twelve drivers, Mongini made the
most sensational start, while Belden in
Frayer-Miller No. 3, which was 16 in the
official list, was the slowest to leave the
mark after Starter F. J. Wagner had
counted tet backward in his ear.

Joe. Tracy was about the only driver
who received much of an ovation when he
droye up to the starting line, but the recep-
tion accoreed him then was a mere trifle

to the outburst of applause when

the Locomobile driver went over the tape

a victor. Caillois and Le Blon had a little

difficulty in getting away, Caillois being

delayed for 25 seconds and his compatriot

-éne second longer. Roberts took 9 seconds
get away after receiving the word.

W. H. Owen, the Maxwell pilot, was the
driver whose withdrawal brought the field
down to a dozen. J. D. Maxwell, who
entered the racer, sent a letter to Chairman
Thompson very late last night making a
formal declaration that his car would not
gtart in the contest.

Disaster began to overtake the machines
in the very first. round. Lee A. Frayer,
driving one of the three Frayer-Miller cars,
was eliminated in the first round and had
to stop at Roslyn because one of the radius
rods on hia machihe was broken. The
Matheson had gone,but about 300 yards
further than the twenty mile point of the
firat round when it #mashed into a tree.
Mongini was rather badly shaken up after
the accident and could not give a very
coherent account of what happened. He
did..not think he was going faster than
fifty miles an hour up the Manhasset hill
and said he had not been trying to pass
Lyttle, as was reported. One of. the rear
tires on his racer was punctured and this
no doubt was a contributory cause of his
running into a telegraph pole. The me-
chanic was not at all hurt when he and
Mongini were thrown out of the racer.
Mongini, however, wag projected up into
the air but does not remember striking
the wires strung overhead. He fell on his
right wrist, which he sprained a few days
ago and he was very badly bruised. He was
taken to the Garden City Hotel, where a
| doctor attended him.

Joe Tracy lost 444 minutes on the first
round: while a punctured tire was being
replaced. When the damaged tire was
removed from the rim it was discovered
that the tube had been pinched when the

| tire had been put on the car on Thursday
night. J

Lyttle, who had started second, was
the first to pass the stand again, and his
time of 82 minutes 33 seconds was the fastest
for the first round. Le Blon followed
him, and then came Christie, Belden and
Harding. Tracy was the sixth driver to
pass the stand on the first round, and he
was followed at considerable intervals by
Lawwell and Caillois. Keeler did not com-
plete hie first round until 8/14 o'clock, or
more than twice the time required by the
other contestants. Roberts was the slowest
one in covering the circuit, his time being
8 hours 5 minutes and 49 seconds.

Lyttle led again the second time past
thé stand and also led in total elapsed time.
Le Bion, Tracy ape Harding followed after
Lyttle in the order named. Lyttie’s total
time was 1 hour.4 minutes 42 seconds, his time
for the second round being $2 minutes 9

ds. Ernest Keeler and his Oldsmo-
bile had to retire in the seoond lap, as the
carburetor caught fire.

Though Lyttle waa first past the grand
stand at the end of the third lap Le Blon
was the leader so far as total @la time
went, having made the round in 32 minutes

‘8-56 seconds. .Lyttle and Le Blon both

the stand before Tracy on the fourth

 

‘round, which T cove’ in 29 minutes
a 1-5 seconds. Just after Tfacy com-
ple his fourth round the report came
that rts had stopped at Mineola with-

out finishing his first round ana was so
bitterly Geappciates that he was crying
a child.

wy ttle was again the first to finish a
round, when he passed the stand for the
Afth », but Le Blon was leading in the
time score, having made the round in 32
minutes 11 seconds. Though they did
not complete their fourth rounds until
later, these were the last rounds
for Roberts and Belden. Caillois mapnged
to keep his car oe Bore S 2 be y
eto for one round more than Roberta.

Le Blon finished the sixth round ahead
of Tracy, but the latter displaced him in
the time score, having made the course
for that round in 20 minutes 29 3-5 seconds.
Le Blon kept hia place as leader past the
stand for the seventh round and was the
leader in time as well, his time for this trip
over the course having been 35 minutes

18 od . La S AY Beet i
time round, 6
Too on the round being 31 minutes 43 3-5

m | at the dagerous turn of Mineola avenue

be ashamed when 5

(

Italian had |

Four care were

thus ‘out of the running practically at the
i magneto and oil|

 

‘

a SS

  
   

a ‘hry. eth agate’ et, ») v iad ee ae ee mi
RS Re al ¥ a i, Mame a iF

wed .

-33
=
=
2

JO Be)
. ®

ome

¥ ~

    

ak

  

oun ave AUTOMOBILES. AUTOMOBILES.
LLLLLILLLL LILLE L PPO ——o PPPPPLPLPELLMAEPRAL APPEL LLL OOP PALL

—..._ Ge - oe ~S
Haynes —
Automobi

AUTOMOBILES. AUTOM OBILES.

 

 

 

Over the highest powered racing
cars ever run in America,

IN THE
le Vanderbilt

ins Race

Repeating its victory of last year. The most phenomenai record ever made by

A REGULAR 50-HORSE POWER STOCK TOURING CAR in the history o* '
racing.

Covering 297 miles in 6 hours and 25 minutes, every lap of which was, made

as regular as clockwork,

     
   
   

Beating One 120 H. P. Special Built Racer.

66 Two 60 66 sé sé ee sé ;
‘s+ * Three 110 ** * ‘6 ‘6 #6
se Two 115 46 66 66 66 ‘é

aa One 90 «* «6 ‘a sé sé
CATALOGUES ON REQUEST.

HAYNES AUTOMOBILE CO.,

The oldest manufacturers of motor cars in America.

1715 BROADWAY.

Chicago Branch, '< 20 Michigan Ave.

 

Factory, Kokomo, Ind.

jams

Wrapped Tir e

or Tires Ul

The exclusive equipment of every American car entered for the Vanderbilt cup race, eliminations
and finals, made in yesterday’s trials a record unequaled in the whole world’s history of great automobile
contests. Fifty-two tires started in the race. Only 8 were changed; all on account of punctures or similar

Tr THE WINNERS SAY: |

Joseph Tracey, Locomobile, first: “I have always used Diamond tires. They gave wonderful satisfaction to-day.”

Le Blon (the great French driver), Thomas, second: “I find Diamond tires positively the best I ever rode on. I
changed only one tire in this race. I have been accustomed to change both rear tires twice in every such race.”

H. N. Harding, Haynes, third: “A puncture or two was my only trouble and I know the course was full of nails.”

Herbert Lytle, Pope-Toledo, fourth: ‘ Diamond tires have always given me great service. Barring an accident due
to puncture, I had no trouble to-day.”

Walter Christie, Christie, tifth: “I want no better tires for the big race than the Diamonds I used to-day. They
gave absolute satisfaction.’’ * |

The brilliant French driver, Caillois, expressed unbounded satisfaction with Diamond tires, saying: “They are very,
very fine. I never dreamed that tires could be so fine.”

 

    

 

ee -

YOU can have tires like these on YOUR car if you wish.
our 1907 construction.

Manes see" om. ~=THE DIAMOND RUBBER COMPANY

et

Yesterday’s trials were the first public appearance of

AKRON,
OHIO.

   
 

DOGS, BIRDS AND POULTRY,

een cer

 

seconds. Tracy took the lead in both place | car, but somehow he managed to squeeze | Canastota since 1968. For many years he

and time when he finished his ninth round, ; by without injury. | was president of the board of education AIT WILL PAY YOU_A

The three cars that had finished the full | in that village. Prior to his election 48 | to visit or write Rob Roy Presto Kennels to-day

course were weighed after the contest waa | Justice he was attorney in many of the | and get the best Hoston terriers offered. MYRON

minutes 6 2-5 seconds and hia total time for | oalled off, as were the Pope-Toledo and | most important trials in central New York | W. ROBINSON. Englewood. N- J.

the 297.1 miles was 327 minutes 45 seconds, | Christie. ‘Lyttle did not know he had quali- | and had won recognition as an acute crim- ee

or 5 hours 27 minutes 45 seconds, Ie Blon’s | fied for the team and the weighing in com- | inal lawyer. .

time for the race distance was 5 hours 51 | mittee had to telephone to his quarters at | Justice Forbes was married on July 10,

minutes 25 seconds and Harding's time | Bull’s Head for him to come to the scales. | 1862, to Miss Ellen Brooks of Clockville.

was 6 hours 25 minutes 39 seconds, He was asked to tell Christie to come along, | His wife, together with one son, Claude L.
Referee W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., called | too, and finally showed up, towing his own | Forbes, who is engaged in the practice of

the race off at 12:50 o’clock, because the | racer and Christie's behind a touring car. law in Syracuse, and one daughter, Maude

crowd had swarmed onto the road at Lake- Tracy's car weighed 2,219 pounds, the

making it in 31 minutes 27 seconds. ;
Tracy's last round was completed in 34

| ment as associate editor of the Anaciger dea
Weatern, which he hater resigned, and estab-
lished the Weafliche Post in 1857. On account
of ill health he had to dispose of the paper
| in 1860, and one year later returned to Ger-
ee having received amnesty from the

Grand Duke of Baden, Aiter several years

Isabelle, who is now the wife of Daniel | je was induced by some of the leading citizens

ville and the fog was very thick for the | maximum allow with a magneto: Le | F. Kellogg of this city, survives him. of St. Louis to return and take charge of
entire distance the course ran along the | Blon’s machine was a pound lighter than | —— | the paper, which under his management
North Hempstead turnpike. Lyttle, who | the winning Locomobile, while both Hard- | s4MUEL 1 Demeratic, but not a
had completed his ninth rou and was ing and Lyttle’s racers weighed 2,195 pounds. Party organ. For several years the paper

’ Yin sotnat ; ; Nemnerian ' under his management was an independent
The Christie scaled at 1,805, which included | Was One of the — —_ = come | publication, but it finally represented the
plicity in the Plot to Assassinate Lincoln. views of the German Democrats, although

WasHINGTON, Sept. 22.—Samuel Bland | it: was seldom that Mr. Daenver would

BLAND ARNOLD DEAD. | became nominally
|

'
|
|
|
et going was awarded fourth place, and |
alter Christie, who had finished his | a detachable rim and full supply tanks,
sighta rene, wee paees @ oe post ige. Frank Lawwell took, ie rayer-Miller it was. ithe
‘rani wwell, Griver rayer-Miller | No. 2 over t¢ e wei ’ th - nowledge its submiasion to party mandate,
No. 2, was also on his ninth round when the | Miller coneern ineenaed to 2 Se he | Arnold, one of the men convicted of com- | After the connolldat ion of the Anzeiger and
race was called off, but was more than protest against the Pope-Toledo, asserting | Plicity in the plot to assassinate Abraham Weettich@Poet, in 1808, he wave up hia editorial
!
} |
| |
|

fifteen minutes behind Christie. Montague | that it had broken down just about the time Lincoln, died on Friday at the home of his | warm om Sie st cas of the precsnh wanmeee
pe es a a wat se oe | sister-in-law, Mre. Helen T. Arnold, at | of the Weatliche Post, is a daughter.

delegation is ious to ha car in | Waverly, Md. Arnold acknowledged that Philip F. Kobbe of New Brighton, Staten
the final if possible. They say that their . 5 | Island. vice-president and treasurer of the
car would have been able to finish the race he had been concerned in several plote | Westinghouse Electrical Manufacturing Coin-
and that such was not to abduct Mr. Lincoln and carry him tn- | pany, died at his country place, Hillfields,

Roberts, who had completed four rounds,
drove up to the official stand at twelve min-
utes after 1 o'clock, but turned back towar-
his quarters at Krug’s when he saw the offi-
ciala had gone away.

the case with the |

Walter Christie was handicapped dur- | pope-Toledo, according to zealous partisans side the Confederate lines, but he always | 0" Friday. He had been in poor pealth for
ing the race after his third roun boone of O ee aie opolad om | P | eed that ts aura dover teen as several years. He was born in New York
the leather clutch was burned out, an Tracy averaged 54.4 miles durng his | tion plot. He was sentenced to life im- | Germany. He’ became interested in the

was also bothered by fire in the carburetor.
E. H. Belden, Frayer-Miller No, 3, was
compelled to stop in his fifth round by a

victorious race over the Nassau county |
course.

risonment in the Albany fenitentiary, | electrical business and was associated with
nut afterward was transferred to | the United States Electric Light Company

r ‘ until 1890, when was absorbed by the Weat-
Tortugas. He was ultimately pardo - | inghouse company. He was a director of

 

broken wheel, which was smashed when GERRIT A. FORBES DEAD. i
he ran into the ditch just after making the catenin A et Cee eee ae | the Westinghouse American, British and
“hairpin” turn. Lawwell, Frayer-Miller No. | He Was Justice of the Supreme Court of ' ¥,| French companies. In the civil war he
; ae : Md. A fractured leg sent him to Johns | served as a member of the Tenth Company
2, devised a novel manner to keep his car New York in the Sixth District. Hopki Hospital in Belienes and short] ofthe New York Seventh Regiment. His New
i his fuel pipe broke in the sixth 7 : Opens y | Y 1 > Hart Hill, Ste
goin 4 heuie took th off Gerrit A. Forbes, Justice of the Supreme | thereafter he contracted consumption, | York residence was at Har pop Hilt, taten
o.oo aed eee sne into the | Court’ in the Sixth district, died yesterday | the cause of his death. , Feet narkey ch the Cotomel Warn ane the
the coil box and poured lene into the = the ia © cain SS ole | Arnold became a recluse after his re- Club, Society of the Colonial Ware and the
. n Canastota, N. Y., . ‘ounty Country Club. He i .
carburator 80 they could move under | at his home of after an | i.ise from aan and eetiems had dene | Richinon | County Coun a7 Cee. re oe wee

the car’s own power. He said afterward
that it was like being ig an efficiency test,
for the machine went seventeen miles on
the double contents of the coil box cover.

illness of several months. He wes 70 years ings with his neighbors. A diary which ! six brothers and a sister
old and had been a Supreme Court Justice | he kept in the Dry Tortugas was intended | brothers is Gen Wis
since 1887. / to be published ‘after his death, but he | another is Gustav Kobbe,

was horn near Clock- was persuaded critic.

One of Mr. Kobbe's
Kobbe, U.S. A., and
musical and art

; . sati to permit a newspaper
Lawwell fixed the feedpipe, but it broke ; Justice Forbes Willis E. Boyer, manager of “The Maid
again on his eighth round, so the mechanic | ville, in the town of Lenox, Madison county, | one > = ago, “It wan filed | and. the Mummy” company, now touring in
fed gasolene into the carburetor for an- | on May 30, 1836. He was the sixth of eleven | wijj be buried at Green Mount Cemetery the West, died at his home in Maley. town of
other seventeen miles until the car reached | children of Isaac J. Forbes and Abigail | Baltimore, where the Booth family has a | pene’ sone Rutering with Bright'p diseases
Lakeville. There Lawwell borrowed a/ Sayles. The latter had been a schoolmate plot, and where John Wilkes Booth is sup- | which caused hia death. Wit Joseph F°

bicycle and rode to Mineola to get a fitting of Gerrit Smith, the philanthropist and | joed by many to be interred. Only one | (iaites of New York Mr. Boyer was interested

for the pipe from a plumber. He was still | abolitionist, for whom Justice Forbes was | ‘incol ra, J in the production of “Raffles,” “Red Feather,”
going when the race was called off. | named, Isaac J. Forbes was a «on of | = bo yg conspirators, John Surratt, “Hoity Toity,” the tour of Eva Tanguay

On the third round Lawwell had two | Jacob Forbes, a farmer of the same town, | —— and other attracticns, He was for sev-
rear tires put on his machine and the tire and was one of the younger of thirteen | Obituary Notes. eral years manager ot vaniel Sully. His wife
nome test os maanaeee eo wo _ 1 4 any children, of whom ten were sons. Gerrit Carl Deenzer, a former resident of St my of the firm of Brown &
mag va wet indered Caillois | A. Forbes received a common school educa- ; , Miller, engineers and machinists at 2 Murria

Louisa and one of the oldest newspaper men in

most, but he would not talk about it. Even | tion and in 1860 he began the study of law
America, died at 60'clock yesterday morning

Joe Tracy had his mechanical troubles, as | street, Jersey City, died on Friday night at

in the offics of B. Franklin Chapman of &t. Frencis Hospital, that city, in his sixty.

 

 

the, radiator leaked and he had to use ex- | Clockville. He was admitted to practice | in Neckarsum, Wurtemberg, Germany. He | seventh year, He was formerly president cf
tronpe gasp thas me ee rom ~ - wey, 1863. =e noes August, he | was born in 1420 in Odegheim, in the province {D> Pore é matecnen) f ‘ompiny dry docks. He
t mk Wo not clog up his car- | formed a partnership wit fu Chap-*| of Baden, Germany, and atudied law in Heidel- | ''&@ © nelle, N. «

burettor. Tracy & narrow escape | man. He Fyes District Atiorney from | berg. He was a member of the Baden Con- Elijah Caleb Foster, special attorney of

from running into Belden just after round- | 1971 to 1874. In 1884 he took the place of | “Tess ane rook an Important pert Ip the Ger- the gevertment of duatice and husband of
here - man revolution of 1748-40 yhen the revolnu- 4 LlLe ry oster, nationa president o tina

ag oe eee coopped in ‘chee nabddlie ot George F. pee in tne Aree of nnedy tion collapsed he succeeded in eecaping va | Woman's Republican Association, died ia

the road. Tracy was g very fast and a ee 4 Fortes B . 's Tm name Suenerians. yore he rymeines several pasemaren at en catty nour Beturday morn-

‘orbes ° ears. Ater he came to t oo ng. e was rm in Canada, but was :
p ey bd J ES Vosees Lad bese 0 telives 00 1% heat ancien it is

went to St. Louis, where he found employ- | po to office from lowa,

‘
é

_

=