Pe Ta

  
 
  
 

_ Sewpsay, Arar. %, 1900. nl

Fair to-day; increasing cloudiness and warmer
to-morrow; variable winds, becoming ,

southerly.

   
       
   

 

 

 

FORTY PAGES.

 

 

 

   

(ee ree nnr aaenrnraen
—

VOL, LXXVI,—NO, 237,

 

 

 

       

 

 

 
 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

      
 
  
 

+

     

   
  

   
  

   

      
    

 

     
  

 

N BUT
NOT THE SULTAN 4

Yildiz Kiosk Still Holds Out

 

PANT FIND ADBLE BOAS

amen A aT
FINE HOUSES LOOTED BY DAY) %° T/PS-_MoRE Waces.
fast Side Restaurant Workers Declare |

ee eee ak | tor That Policy.

YOU CAN SEE 17 DONE FROM It was announced yesterday that the |

WILLIAM ROCKEFELLER'S DOOR. | East Side branches of the Hotel and Res-

s taurant Employees Internationa! Alliance |

a will begin an agitation on May 1 for the)

Stephen Peake) 3 Vacant Hense Around | sh olition of the tipping eaaiani and for

tho Cerner Bamerest weaterday ant | better wages. A demand will be made |

the Thief Was Caught—House Next) for a minimum wage scale of $2.50 a day, |

to Mr. Rockefeller’s Also Bobbed,! and according to Isador Sachs, one of |

the secretaries of the alliance, the mem- |

 

!
}

 

as a ae Seeman” ON ctor ei ae ar fr

into their considerations yesterday was| }

that the child had suffered recently from PUTS A DUTY ON CRUDE OIL: : os

Hee ee rani cret ceiencan one sna CGE - eran each -Cuites Ceulbanicnebaved:

; she was growing ver; t. It is just ch lines vo F :

| Si eae P pes (ALDRICH COMMITTEE AMENDS\ William Thompson, ason of Dr. Herbert
THE TARIFI BILL. } Thompson of 666 Quincy street, Brooklyn,

=e | was drowned and two of his companions

 

GIRUS FATHER OFFERS
1 $2,500 REWARD.

Lost

 

ig-Year-Old Daughter of Arthar FE. Boas
Lett Her Mother at Hlevated Stairs |
on Friday and Disappearcd--Money |
Gone From Her Bank--—City Searched,

 

| possible, they said that she may have
| been taken sick and carried into same |
house.

The kidnapping theory is not taken , nearly met a like fate when a canoe upset
seriously by any of those engaged in the Rta te Mean AG Valorem Daty and the! oy the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan Beach,
search except the mother, Mr. Boas, | Amonnt Is Not Stated—Decides Also yesterday afternoon. et
while a well to do man, is “not in the mill- | to Levy « Tax on Hides—Senator Frye Thompson, with David Ranzone of
jonaire class,” as he pute it. Asked if | for a Tonnage Tax on Shipping. | 827 Greene avenue and Howard Barnes |
he had ever had any trouble with any of | | of 178 Stuyvesant avenue, went to Martin's ;

Emil

  

adele Boas, the thirteen-year-old
daughter of Arthur E, Boas, head of the
American Spool Silk Company, has been
nissing from her home at 10 West Eighty-
ighth: street since Friday afternoon,
Neither her family nor the police have a
vive to her whereabouts.

Late last night Mr. Boas, through Will-
1am R Rose, offered a reward of $2,500
for any information leading to the re-

 

had any trouble of any kind with any
employee and that he was positive that
his daughter had not been kidnapped.
“If it is a case of kidnapping we shall
surely hear from those who have taken
‘her,” he said. “She has already been
gone over twenty-four hours. However,
We shall watch the mails.”

One of the Central Office detectives on
the case eaid last night:

the employees of his factory at Stam-}
ford, Conn., he said that he had never | of the Republican members of the Senate | street,

Wasuinaton, April 24.--At a meeting

Committee on Finance whioh lasted
from early this morning until 7 o’clock
this evening, with an intermission for
luncheon, an agreement was reached
to report an amendment placing; an ad
valorem duty on crude petroleum. The
rate to be fixed was not determined.
The House placed crude and refined

} dock, at the foot of East Twenty-third
Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon
and rented the canoe, The three paddled
out through the inlet at Sheepshead Bay
and into the ocean. When they were
about 200 yards off shore and opposite
the Oriental Hotel an unusual wave jit
the canoe and upset it.

Ranzone and Barnes grabbed the sidvs
of the overturned canoe and held fast.
Thompson was washed several feet away,
but the other boys went to his assistance

William Rockefeller’s butler,
Young, was standing in the side entrance
of Mr. Rockefeller’s home at Fifth avenue
and Fifty-fourth street at 9 o’clock yes-
terday morning when he saw two men
come out of the house at 28 East Fifty-
fourth street with an armful of things
which they loaded on a truck and drove
away with. A few days before thieves
had broken into the unoccupied house

|bers of the East Side branches will be |
instructed not to accept tips on and after |
May 1 in order to pave the way to the |
wage demand. |
If the alliance succeeds in abolishing ;
| tips on the East Side it will tackle other |
parts of the city where the tips are higher
and there is more inducement for waiters
to look for tips as an important part of |
their income. \

 

 

CONRIED STILL LIVING. |

Against the Young
Turks.

HOURS OF FIERCE BATTLING

covery of his daughter. Both Mr. and h , {wile we petroleum on the free list and struck out fn at 691 Fifth avenue, next door to Mr. ee
: aven't got any real line, we believe the and got him back to the canoe. There fo Condition Unchanged, Said a Message
Mra, Boas aro prostrated because of the the present countervailing duty on the | the threeclung. ‘hey shouted repeatedly Rockefeller's, in broad day and had pean Soe. Fcika ar P.M. . | Desperate Resistance Made by

girl:-went away of her own free will and
that she will communicate with her family
when she hears what a stir is being made.
If the tamily doesn’t hear to-morrow,
then we will begin to admit that our
theory looks bad.”

The description of the child as fur-

failure of the hunt to date and they were
under the care of a physician last night.
soon after luncheon on Friday Mrs.
Roas left her home to go shopping. She
first went to the private school of Mrs.

Laura Jacobi at 115 West Eightieth street | nisned by her family at the time of her
and there met her daughter. Mother and | disappearance says she weighs 130 pounds.
daughter then went to a dressmaker’s; is tall and has blue eyes and fair hair and
in the neighborhood and the daughter | complexion. She wore a blue serge coat
bad a new dress fitted. From the dress- with blue velvet collar, a blue mohair
citeria the two walked to the elevated plaid skirt and a blue sailor hat. At-
maker § a __ | '#ched to her collar was a rather striking
station at Kighty-first street and Co- gold pin.

lumbus avenue. Mrs. Boas was going} Adolph Lowenthal of 132 West Seventy-
+n downtown and her daughter said that! fifth street, who is a brother-in-law of
she would walk up Columbus avenue to| Mrs. Boas and whose daughter Aimée
is a chum of Adele Boas, was asked iast
night if he had ever heard his daughter
say anything that would have any bear-

her home.

“My daughter had kissed me good-by
and started up the avenue when I called | ing on the case.
her back,” Mrs. Boas said yesterday.| ‘It is my firm belief,” he replied, “that
“| had nothing but a large bill and asked Adele has wandered off in a fit of termpo-

ter if she had any money. She told me | Try mental aberration.”

<he had but 15 cents and she gave me five
cents for carfare. She then went on her
way and I went up to the elevated plat- 000 at Mile a Minute Speed.

form.” Datias, Tex., April 24.--Spectacular
That was the last seenof the girl by her | was the final act of the famous Waters-
family. The Boas home is a gray stone} Pierce Oil Company litigation, which
, few doors from Central Park | terminated to-day a little after noon, when
Weat and has a big iron fence about it. | the big fine was paid into tho Stato Treas-
Fe es See he sorvanta’ ury through Prosecuting Attorney Brady
Ihe front entrance and t and Attorney-General Davidson.
door are the only means of entrance and! The totalamount brought to the Treas-
the daughter had a key to neither door.; ury was $1,808,733.95. The Stata gets
she did not go home, so far as any one | $1,718,266.30, and Prosecuting Attorney
Heal inedi liar are, fees are $90,476.70. ‘There were
Mrs, Bons returned home from her shop- | = $10,000 ‘bis: 415 $1,000 bills and the
remainder in arnaller bills.
learned that her! -phis is the largest fine ever paid in the
As the girl) history of this country, Two large auto-
vas on her way home on a main thor- | mobile touring cars carried six men each
cueliare when they had parted at 3:30); and one-half the money. ‘Ihe men were
Velock intheafternoon Mrs. Boas wasnot; heavily armed, The cers were driven
worriedat fire She supposed her daugh-!from the bank to the Treasury, eight
had gone to visit some schooi friend. | blocks away, at the rate of a milea minute,
When Mr. Boas came home at 6 o'clock he| As soor as they got in the Treasury De-

 

| SPECTACULAR FINE PAYMENT.
| Two Automobiles Carry Nearly 82,000,

house ¢

at 5 o'clock aad

Hint
canghter was not yet home,

®)

iephoned several of his daughter's} partment guards were placed at the States from Canada, Mexico, the West claim to citizenship came through Kers- it at their leisure
intimate fri 8, door, Attorney-Gene: Davi . Aanist- | =" Daan, mee ner. The proceeding against Keraner eel N Hi ? . She was a i ‘a
TE ae ee eee erat comune : eter ey eat Indies, the Bahama Islands, Bermuda | was Biedight to seaclt Hama Goldman. After inspecting his house Mr. Peabody nea Shh ee times ced hie paueans Bit Bot De See aoe: beaeeaate. ete ve

ant Attorney-General Lightfoot end
County Attorney Brady were soon locked
in the Treasury, where the money was
counted.

The party that brought the money
from the banks consisved of Indge N. A.
result ; Stedman and Judge bh. B. Perkins, attor-

W. R. Rose, a friend who lives near by, | neys for the Waters-Pierce Company;
was calle! in and he with Mr. Boas and | Sheriff George S. Matthews, Max Bickler,
Mr. Boas’s son made a round of all their | R. C. Roberdeau and H. A. Wree of the
friends’ homes. When no resulta were American National Pank. W. H. Folte
got by this method Mr, Boas and several ‘and J. W. Hoopes of the Austin Nationa]
of his friends made a round of hospitals, | Bank, Capt. Jas, E, Lucy, general agent
rrivate sanitariums and big hotels in tax- |of the American Surety Company, and
| twelve guards,

GOVERNOR IN EFFIGY.

thern had seen her. He called his cousin,
imil L. Boas, the resident managing
director of the Hamburg-American Line,
to bis home. The two men got into com- |
munication with every friend of the |
tamily who had a telephone, but without ,

abs,

“I was and am sure that my daughter | =
was hit by some automobile joy riding | HANGS
varty and carried somewhere,” said | Individual Disapproval of His Pardon of

Mr. Boas yesterday. “I left no stone | Those Accused in Goehel Case.
vnturned to find her. I followed up; zi a ; re
any automobile accident in which any one | Frangrort, Ky., April 21.--Following
“as known to have been hurt. I calledup! mee nnOMnvement of the ee of ex-
garages and with good friends of mine | GOV. Sy Doe en nie ys Abe cere ae

ioxtrance ht ” lin the Goebel killing an unknown
IG a ery snub 00 Nc Bay, mall eoer {son made an attempt to hang Gov. Willson

aes as f eee ee ae penne | in effigy. This morning a figure cut out
$ : 7 Bi Ps * | of cardboard was swinging on the bridge
rE “ EOuCe. Heese ees eee tiie between North and South Frankfort. It
eee ay eee me ot aValescri rm | was labelled “Gus Willson, murderer of
hile rate ita Bie on & ede aoa | Justice; Taylor, Powers, Howard, Finley,
eh ie Oe eee au ; es ld a, ne e |&e., murderers of Goebel. To show the
UAC UI Wi oushslen cla 2 Ute) Mee ana | World that Kentuckians believe in justice,
police precinct was notified at once and that they do not approve the action
then a more systematic search was begun. of Willson in pardoning the murderers
Ty laste all day yesterday and Wa8 | before trial and to show why there is
made not only by the police but by | such a thing ma trnatilnert
‘cores of personal friends of the family |“ Phere ig no clu2 as to who put
who offered their services.

the
ear crinin inonranat ee net nearly | figure there, and little attention was
19 Adele Boas's whereabouts had been | pald toit, as 1 wae Boon ae tin The
HiRoOu AREA ;effigy was discovered by illiam B,
inva ctlisorieg k \ 4 d | Recmee ey! secretary of the State Tax
. pbs ne Lio BAYS een a8 vance@ | Commission. The figure, which ia without
te account for her disappearance, Mr. |. head, is made of blotting paper of a
Hoas thinks she was probably hurt by an; local inaurance firm. Tho pieces of it
eee tay Mrs, Boas Is Inclined e pe- | are fastened together with brass letter
eve it possible that her daughter has brads, showing that it was executed in
heen kidnapped, while the police seemed none ‘office in the city
to believe vy , i , er
aera yesterday that the child had | “tere is no special feeling shown here,
of her home of her own will and with though there are many expressions heard
4 Th premeditated plan in her mind. both favorable to and against the Gover-
he police learned that Adele had kept nor's action
Ret ah oe ae ot recently told | “the Governor is still confined to the
oad tees ans evnes 3 ee re | Fixecutive Mansion, but expects to be at
ies ie Nae vensee to buy @ present | ii. office on Monday. He has received
F her father. A search was made for many telegrams from friends of the
1 bank yesterday and when it was accused men thanking him for his action
‘und it was empty. Adele's brother
sbew it to have been full a few days ago. |

of yesterday.
The gir! had told her mother she had| COLIMA TERRIFIES PEOPLE.

 

 

only 15 cents when asked for money on Directed, at ST’ ; ‘ | saecaloelian that inthe wild beaut x

Frid y Mrs. Bo wee 2 : Vees | 2 F : wont NEWBORGH April 24 a | f beoG ht oni a Tete et aa a KANSAS’S PRAYING GOV ERNO : i ae i ‘ to have flag m a token of surrender. Then o
en ¢ ! Voleano In Fierce E raptior NEW $58 1 24.--2 Orror 0 ! A! +458’ 5 A hy r , NV R. h kk bed is said been « i

'etday what she thought of this phase —Veloane | eeeateelene f te laundry wagon hit the curb. Policeman | eo raised 200 feet above ita former lev 4 ous

cf the matter | Mexico Crty, April 24.--The interior

“My daughter, while piysically well | parts of the States of Guerrero and Oaxaca
developed. waa but a child in her ways ; have been severely shaken by earth-
and manners,” she said. “She has been quakes occurring at short intervals

brought up closely confined to her home | during the last few days. Despatches from

money other than what she had said it | fresh eruption and

erude product. The products cof pe-
troleum were placed on the free list also.

Since then the Senate Committee on
Finance has been beset by importunities
from oll producers and refiners not aftil-
iated with the Standard Oil Company
to put a duty on crude petroleum or re-
store the countervailing duty. Several
hundred of them gathered in Washington
this week and appointed a committee,
which appeared before a sub-committee
of the Senate Committee on Finance,

The matter of putting crude petroleum
aud its products on the free list caused
much controversy in the House and as a
! result the Committee on Ways and Means
| gave way to the popular sentiment. The

action of the House was intended as a
blow to the Standard Oil Company>

The Republican members of the Finance

Committee practically reached an agree-
ment to report a duty on steel rails of
seven-fortiaths of one cent a pound, the
same rate as that fixed by the House.
The present law imposes a duty of
seven-twentieths of a cent a pound, or
double that agreed on by the Senate
committeemen.

Additional information was received
| to-day by the Republican members of
j the committee relating to wood pulp and
print paper duties. Much time was de-
voted to a discussion of this matter, but
no conclusion was reached. The House
made wood pulp free and reduced the
duty on print paper from $6 to $2 a ton.

It was agreed that an amendment
shall be reported to the Senate restoring
the Dinglev law rate of 15 per cent. ad
valorem on hides. The House placed
hides on the free list. Many amendments |
to the chemical and earthenware sched-
ules were agreed on and will be reported)
to the Senate early next week. i

Considerable interest has been caused |

by an amendment proposed by Senator
Frye of Maine to put a tonnage tax on
shipping. Mr. Frye seeks to tax all ship-
ping coming into the ports of the United

fand the ports of South America border-

Jing on the Caribbean Sea at the rate of

{2 cents a ton, the total tax inany one year
hot to exceed 10 cents a ton.

He would compel vessels from other
| foreign ports to pay eix cents a ton, with
ta limit of 30 cents in any one year, and

would exempt vessels in distress or not
engaged in trade.

Part of the session of the Republican
members of the Finance Committee was
devoted to hearing Senator Root of New
York, Senator Curtis of Kansas, Repre-
sentative Lowden of Hlinois and Alvin
Saunders, editor of the Breeders’ Gazette,
in regard to the administrative features
of the tariff bill.

The principal matier under discussion
wasa plan for retaliation against Enropgsan
countries, notably France and Germany,

i which it was alleged discriminate against
the products of the United States, mainly
dressed beef and flour. Senator Root
was present to give the committeemen tho
benefit of hia experiences as Secretary
of State in dealing with such questions,

Senator Curtis urged tha: authority
be given the President to impose maxi-

| mum rates by way of reprisal. It was
said afterward that the plan proposed
would probably be adopted. It is very
complicated and on account of it the
Finance committeemen think their con-
| sideration of the administrative features
of the tariff bill will prevent them from
reporting theae features to the Sennie
on Monday.

vision for the creation of
court of appeals.

CuicaGco, April 24.—Opposition to the
15 per cent. duty on hides was voiced at a
meeting of leather dealers and manufac-
turers who met here to-day and decided

on aggressive steps to have their views
embodied in the tariff bill now before
the Senate. Representatives of 90 per
cent. of the leather trade of the West
were on hand and decided to send a com-
mittee to Washington to plead with the
Senators on the subject. Milton J. Flor-
;sheim, Henry Selz, C. A. Pratt, Henry
McFarland and D, F, Demuth were ap-
pointed on this committee.

a customs

 

HAART IN HIS WITE’S GRAVE,

}
i
[Strange Burlel Carricd Out as Dr. Prime
{
|
}

i being buried alive, which seems to
|have been characteristio of the Prime
jfamily for three or four generations,
| was responsible for the burial of a man's
heart in the grave with the remains of
his wife, who died thirty-two years ago.

|
|
|
|

The committeemen agreed to the pro- |

 

for help, but their voices didn’t carry to
the shore. After two hours Thomson's
strength gave out and he let go the canoe
and went down.

Ranzone, who is a good swimmer,
then left the canoe and atruck out for
shore, telling Barnes to hold fast until
he could get help to him. Ranzone had
not gone far when he was met by a motor
boat containing Harold Treadwell of
62 Rutland road, Flatbush, and Ramsey
Marsh of ‘4 Ocean avenue, a son of W. H.
Marsh, who died of hydrophobia last
summer after being bitten by a pet dog.
Treadwell and Marsh hauled Ranzone
aboard and then got Barnes. They
searched for a time for Thompson's body
and then put ashore, where they sum-
moned Dr. Wellberry from the Coney
Island Reception Hospital. The two
boys were taken to the hospital in bad
shape from their long stay in the cold
water, but it was said last night that
both would recover.

Thompson was 20 years old and a stu-
dent at Columbia University. His body
was not recovered.

EMMA GOLDMAN ALIEN.

The Bureau of Immigration So Decides
--She May Be Deported.

WasHINOTON, April 24.—Emma_ Gold-
man, friend of the late Herr Most and
Alexander Berkman, the anarchist, is
an alien, according to a decision of the
Bureau of Immigration and Naturali-
zation, Steps may be taken at any time
to deport her.

About two weeks ago Judge Hazel of
the United States Circuit Court in Buffalo
signed an order cancelling the citizenship
papers of Jacob A. Kersner. Evidence

AN

| was placed before the Court by special

United States Attorney Chambers, repre-
senting the Bureau of Immigration and
Naturalization, that Kersner's papers
were fraudulently obtained. It was also
shown that he and Emma Goldman had
been married in 1887 and that her only

Under the law an alien can be de-
ported within three years of arrival on
sufficient cause. The immigration au-
thorities believe they can convince any

court that the woman is an undesirable |

citizen, but are doubtful if her visit to
Canada last summer and her subsequent
return to this country would be con-
strued as an “arrival” under the law.

This Government will sound the Canadian |

immigration authorities as to what action
they would take if the woman were ar-
rested and sent across the border. If
the Canadian Government insists that
the woman shall leave Canada it is likely
that Miss Goldman may find herself on
a steamship sailing from a Canadian port,
but not bound for the United States.

 

ALIMONY IS $40 NET.
Husband Can't Charge Up Against it a
Judgment Against Himself.
Supreme Court Justica Dowling ap-
pointed yesterday a receiver to collect
arrears of alimony owed by
Schlesinger, a real estate man, to his
wife, Celia. Mrs. Schlesinger, who got
a separation in 1905 with $40 a week ali-
mony, represented to the Court that one
of her sons had met with an accident and
that at her husband's request she called
in Dr. Irving Margulies of 1712 Madison

avenue.

When a bill for about #100 was turned
in Schlesinger declared that his wife
ought to pay it out of her alimony, Hut
the physiciam sued Schlosinger and got
a judgment for $113. Schlesinger paid it
and deducted it out of the alimony.

In appointing the receiver to collect
from Schlesinger Justics Dowling said
that Schlesinger couldn't charge up to
his wife a judgment against himself.

BOLTS I(N FIFTH AVENUE.
Runaway Horse Bumps Into a Taxicab,
Distressing a Theatre Couple.

A horse pulling a wagon belonging to
the Club Laundry Company of 47 West
Forty-third street bolted at Thirty-fifth
street and Fifth avenue at 8 o’clocle last
night and ran a quarter of a mile past the
Waldorf down the avenue. At Thirtieth
street the driver, Charles Schapo, was
thrown cut. John Agnew, who was in
the wagon with him, picked up one rein
and puiled the galloping horse toward
the weet ourb.

Dunn grabbed the horse and stopped it.
In the taxical were a man and woman
bound to the theatre. They left the cab
and walked over to B: Way to get a
car. ‘The taxicab was scratched, but the
laundry rig waa unharmed.
Schapo was on the scene almost as soon

 

Adolph |

| loaded into an express wagon twe copper |

boilers valued at $400. On that occasion
the butler had called a policeman, but
the thieves whipped up their horse and
got away, boile-s and all.

This time the butler had better luck.
Policeman Rooga was at Madison avenue
and Fifty-fourth street, and he was
enough of a sprinter to overhaul the
truck, He took his catch around to the
station house, but it needed the reserves
to unload the loot. In the truck were
found thirty-one lace curtains, one 160
gallon copper boiler, three bronze chan-
deliers, twenty brass gas brackets, two
brass candelabra, three ceiling plates
for gas fixtures, four bronze arms from a
chandelier, miscellaneous bits of braes
and a trunk. The men with the truck,
Frederick Bower, a machinist, of 1616
Third avenue, and Abraham Nathanson,
an expressman, of 189 Henry strest,
were locked up on charges of burglary
and grand larceny. Bower said nothing
at all, but Nathanson declared that he
was driving along Madison avenue when
Bower hailed him and offered a job at re-
moving some house furnishings.

The butler told Capt. Lantry that he
believed that the house at 28 belonged to
Stephen Peabody of 30 Last Fifty-fourth
street, a retired broker and former fleet
captain of the New York Yacht Club.
Detectives Tobin, O’Conner and Cum-
mings got Mr. Peabody and went to take
a look at the house. Mr. Peabody ex-
plained that he had moved from 28
to his present residence, but had left
up the lace curtains and bronze fixtures
80 as to make the house more attractive
to a possible purchaser or lessee. He
found that his house had been stripped
of everything movable and he said
that the damage would amount to more
than $5,000. The detectives decided that
ine thieves had entered by means of false
keys and that they had probably occu-
pied the place for several days, looting

went to the police station and identified
his property. He said two brass desk
candelabra had been presented to his
family by Commodore Vanderbilt. Two
tables and a packing box which were found
ion the truck did not belong to him and
this gives color to the truckman’s story
that he did not know Nathanson but had
only been picked up to do the moving.
| Both the prisoners were taken to Police
Headquarters to have their pictures taken.
| They will be arraigned in the Yorkville
‘court this morning on Mr. Peabody's
complaint.

t ~

PINCHED THE SMOKER HIMSELF

Dr. Pease His Own Crusader Against

Subway Lawbreakers.

Jay Greenwald, a young liquor sales-
man of 801 West 108th street, went into
) the subway station at Seventy-second
jstreet last night smoking a_ cigarette.
Dr. Charles G. Pease of 101 West Seventy-
| eecond street called his attention to the
fact that he was breaking the law and
| pointed to the placards prohibiting smok-
ing.

Greenwald laughed. After repeating
j his admonition Dr. Pease told Greenwald
| that he was under arrest and invited him
' around to the West Sixty-eighth street
police station. Greenwald went and was
held in $500 bail on a misdemeanor charge.
He was surprised when he found that his
captor, whom he had taken fora detective,
was only a physician.

Dr. Fease explained that he believed

himself to be responsible for strict ob-
servance of the law prohibiting the smok-
ing or carrying of lighted cigars or ciga-
tettes in the subway. He said that he
didn’t emoke and that 50 many of his
wemen patients had complained to him
cof tobacco fumes in the subway that he
had taken the matter up. He said that
he had written letters to the Governor,
the Poard of Health and to the subway
people and as a last resort had asked all
| of his friends to write letters to the In-
| terkorough management.
i His efforts had met with some success,
| he said, but the subway employees were
| not inclined to make arreste and so he
bad taken up that work. Dr. Pease de-
| clared that he would arrest or cause the
' arrest of every one he caught violating
| the law.

{
|
|

 

 

 

!

 

 

}
| Says That Livery Day We Asks the Lord

'

| to Tell Him What to Do.

| TopeKa, Kan., April 24.--Gov. Stubbs
| firmly believes that whatever success
{he has had in private or public life is due

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Brruin, April 24.—Heinrich Sonried:)|
formerly director of the Metropolitan
Opera House, New York, is suffering
from a stroke of apoplexy at Meron, in
the Austrian Tyrol. He is unconscious
and a fatal result is expected

Despatches received in this city yester-
day from Paria reported the death of
Conried in the Austrian Tyrol.

These despatches’ were contradicted
later by a cable message received by
Frederick W. Sperling, Mr. Conried’s
brother-in-law, from Mrs. Conried. This
message, received at 7 o’clock in the
\Seane said that Mr. Conried’s con-
dition was unchanged.

 

 

PLOT AGAINST CLEMENCEAU.

Young Rassian Giri at Nice Said to Have
Asked a Compatriot's Ald.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Nicr, April 24.—Mlle. Meitoues, aged
18 years, and Mile. Alperosa, two Russians,
arrived here together at the end of March.
Mile. -Meitouss brought a letter of intro-
duction to Baron Staekelby, a banished
revolutionist, who has long been a resi-
dent of this city and who is now a natural-
ized Frenchman,

She informed him of a plot she was
forming against Prime Minister Clemen-
ceau. The Baron refused to join her,
saying that although he was a revolu-
tionist he disapproved of violence

 

 

LADY NANCY, THE CAMEL, DEAD.

Too Much Candy Spoiled the Teeth of
the Central Park Favorite.

Lady Nancy, the children’s pet camel
in the Central Park menagerie, died
yesterday. All of her back teeth were
gone and she could no longer chew the
cud. Starvation in the midst of plenty
of food was the direct cause of death, the
keeper said.

In the future Lady Nanoy’s friends will
have to go to the American Museum of

authorities were glad to get her skin to
have it mounted.

Lady Nancy was in the park for about
fifteen years. She leaves a mate and a
daughter. She was said to be 30 years
old, but the loss of her teeth is said by
those who knew her best to have been
due to an overgenerous supply of candy
from her many friends.

| TAFT WINS

He and Vice-Presifent Sherman Beat
Gen. Edwards and Capt. Butt.

WasHINGTON, April 24.—Tho Prasi-
dential party, including President Taft,
Vice-President Sherman, Brig.-Gen. Clar-
ence R. Edwards and Capt. Archibald
W. Butt, played golf on the Chevy Chase
links this afternoon. The party left the
White House at 2 o'clock in a touring car
and returned there about 6 o'clock. Presi-
dent Taft and Vice-President Sherman
were opposed to Gen, Edwards and Capt.
Butt, and at the end of the game the scora
was 3 up in favor of the Administration.
The course was perfect and the weather
ideal.

ee NE

 

AT GOLF.

—

 

EDITOR FATALLY

 

SHOT

Standing Wl Feeling.

WaRRENTON, Va., April 24.—As the out-
come of a long standing feud Prof. J. D.
Harris, principal of the Warrenton High
School, shot and fatally wounded W. al
Thompson, associate editor of the War-
renton Virginian, on Main street to- |
night.

Reports as to what led up to the tragedy
are conflicting. Thompson was removed
from the scene of the shooting to a hotel.
He is shot four times through the body.

Prof. Harris surrendered himself to
the police.

57

EARTHQUAKE MAKES A LAKE.

Smaller but Prettier Than Reelfoot,
Which Was Made the Same Way.

10s ANGELES, Cal., April 24.—A special
despatch from Ventura says that aa
earthquake, causing the slide of a great
mountain of the Sierra range, has changed
the entire surface of the Santa Paula
Cafion, dammed the Santa Paula Creek
and made a lake in the South Fork Cafion
of its surround -

‘el
and the waters pour out from over a fall
200 feet high. The new lake, it is esti-
mated, is 1,000 feet long and 50 feet wide.
The water is 50 feet deep. -
quake that threw the mountain out of
place occurred on April 10.

 

Loyalist Troops in Three
Strongholds.

| Wmevaanedlee of Abdul Hamid Unknown

—He May Still Be Allowed to Reign
—Attack Begun at & A. M.; Fighting
All Qver by Noon—Then Crowd Ine
vades the Streets Looking ror News
--Estimates of Vatalitles Vary, bat
It Is Likely Several Hundred’ Were

Killed—Frederick Moore, “The gan”

Correspondent, Probably the Only
American Hurt—Tourists Make Quie.
Retreat to Steamer — Embassies
Guarded and Streets Patrotied by
Victorious Invaders— Moslem crowa
Misarmed—Treacherous Use of the
White Flag Punished by Heavy Gen
fire—Many Executions Threatened:

Spectal Cable Despetches to THE sy.
Lonpon, Apri! 24.—Official despatches:
from Constantinople to-night confirm:the

day reports that the city is incomplete —
possession of the constitutionaliat troonpa —

after heavy fighting.

There is a great variety of accounts
of the day’s events, but none has yet
attempted to summarize the casualties
or give any idea of the losses on eithor
side.

There are many rumors that foreigners
were killed or injured, but the only ay-
thenticated instance is that of Fredericix
Moore, the correspondent of Tae Sun:

Private information from sources 6u- —

titled to credence is to the effect that the
Sultan, who has not fled, as was reported, |

rendered powerleas. Lag
Tewfik Pasha’s warning that -his de-
thronement would entail fearful atrocities.

throughout the Turkish dominions, where”

the Committee of Union and Progress is
unable to control religious fanaticiam.
has saved Abdul Hamid’s crown, at least.
for the present. ;
Severe reprisals and many executions
among those prominent in last week’s .
revolt and to-day’s resistance must be
expected during the next few days.
To-day’s fighting is largely explained
by the fact that those who opposed the

Salonican troops were heavily implicated —

in the recent mutiny. They feared the
extreme vengeance of the committee and
simply tried to sell their lives as dearly.
as possible. ii

ATTACK FROM BOTH SIDES.

Full details of the fighting at Con-
stantinople have reached. here Ths
Young Turk troops attacked the elty
froth two sides. The
marched from San Stefano into Stamboul
and captured the bridges over the Golden
Horn without much resistance. ©)

The other column moved against 4hs
Yildiz Kiosk and met with little opposi-/
tion until it approached the © barracks)
of Jashkisla and Taxim, near Pera. Hete

 

the advancing troops were met by a hot |

fire from the loyalist troops, who dig»
puted possession of the barracks with
obstinate fury.

The fusillade of small arms was re-
enforced by quick firing guns. Parties
of the defenders had barricaded. them-
selves in houses. Street fighting by

detached groups became general and —
hand to hand encounters with bayonets |

were frequent.
TREACHEROUS ACT.
For thres hours the battle raged. The
Taxim barracks garrison made a stub-
born defence. 4
raked with shot, they held on with desper-
ate tenacity, but treachery also distin-
guished their tactics.

the Salonica troops approached the latter
were assailed by a deadly fire and were
forced to retreat. "hs,

The besiegers then brought up artillery
tn ee ied tse oyace
racks. They rushed the square a

*

and has had refined surroundings and |Tlaxiaco, Ayutla, Chilla and a number of |, ; : * ; - —
ite sa . eae : The burial took place in Cedar Hill ; ‘ to hi srs to God and
eae Ne Pat aie Beet eee oe a tear Sacies bus | ORS Tee TUL an fig orangae steppe He was unhurt | te hs prayera to God and the ase7 8| cygmupited Spetins Downs deh Sharp) Steed the levalita wih bereaste, Tg
rT reading matter was always that of | turbances did cons , The Rev. Dr. Wendoll Prime. who} especie Ne a Willams.
child aes As : : . . 5 Z | statement to the delegates of the Christian fighta. The loyalists were ultimately
Hitlaha have naa tae thee Wists qian af Nea Toate: has also started on a| W8 for many years pastor of the Union HAN OVER A HOY. | Endeavor Society, in convention in| ‘Menrpt1an, Miss., April 24.—The old faced to surrender.
: is belching forth Presbyterian Church of this city, left New- Auto Truckman Didn't Know It and the Topeka, Continuing the Governor said: | time champions of the bluebacked speller LEGATION PEPPERED. ee

Was for?" }enormous quantities of ashes ond lava.

The tarnily seemed to place no impor- | The smoke from the volcano has settled

lane on the absence of the money from | over the country for many miles around | ; : in boy who lived at 1465 First avenue, was minority leader in Cong being| counter. A cémpany of loyalista had
le bank, while the police maintain that | the gnountain like a pall. At night the | NE ee wikes expres ;| Knocked down in front of his home early | People Know thas I prayed. One of the among "the blueback spellers. who wore taken up a strong position from which a
@ solution of the problom is connected | heavens are lighted by the flames from me h ; pressed) jagt evening by an electric automobile | main things in my life every day is to know | eliminated toward the close of a eet the invaders : Pe
with this money sea aretae, to friends before he died an autopsy truck, the driver of which went on his way | what Lought todo, I believe God answers | contest lasting three hours. The United they f terribly. ;
a | was performed in accordance with the; without noticing the child. Policeman) prayer, and I am not ashamed to have it | States Senator balked at a two syllable | Quickly the constitu onaliste turned and

Yesterday a thorough canvass of the The volcano is far too active of late to
riends of Adele was made by the police | guit the inhabitants, and they are fleeing.
‘nd the family to learn whether or not | Tremendous detonationsa set the earth

 

| burgh thirty years ago. Mrs. Prime was

| buried in Cedar Hili Cemetery. After

| leaving Newburgh Dr. Prime went abroad.

family custom and to guard against prem-
ature burial.

also according to a wish expreased before |

 

His heart was removed, |

 

Boy sScemed Unhurt Until He Died.
Harold de Birri, a seven-year-old school-

McCutcheon found the boy apparently
unhurt and took him to his parents. They
refused to have an ambulance called.

Two hours later the boy became sick |

| “fam not ashamed to tell you that I
' try every day to serve God. For a great
; part of my life I was ashamed to have

| known that I ask God to tell me what to
do.
“I am not ashamed to say that I try

in a contest at the Auditorium last night
with modern school pupils lost the spell-
ing bee, John Sharp jams, formerly

word.

 

 

After Patten for Violating Game Laws.

The grounds of the Belgian Legation
were the scene of another desperate en-

delivered an attack, sweeping the grounds
with a rush. The legation was peppered
with bullets, but none of the inmates pray

aby of them had ever heard the girl make! a-quiver during the day and night.| |. : M.—-Game Warden Cab!

aQY state i | & ; his death, and placed in a leaden box, | and was taken to the Presbyterian Los- | to serve God but I feel that God has ver Santa Fa, N. M.—-Game Warden Cable | burt. «3
etre whioh bath Pat fb os Siac CesT tr ills Ooed Bh sealed, and this in turn placed in an iron| pital. At 4:30 o'clock he died. It is sup- great occasion to be ashamed of me. Te» | 8 after the Chicago wheat king James| The Tophanes garrison barricaded

Sica ppearance. hat searc’ about the plazas case, Yesterday the case was brought to | posed that he had been hurt internally. | nan who profeases to be a Christian ought | 4: Patten for violation of the Territorial | themselves in a mosque, Their posftton
Gace watching the mountain. Newburgh andinterredinthe gravo where| Lieut. O'Connell and two detectives re tan ought! vame laws. Trout fishing is unlawful| was stormed and they were forced to}
She was of a bright, childish disposi- | The detonations and explosions cause ie na of hin wide ane buried in Cadar | OF, te Kast Sixty-seventh street station, © feel that it is a great honor to him even | iintil May 15, and the game warden, hear-| ...rronder after a atiff fight, i

tion,” Mr. Boas said, “and never was mel-! many families to spend the entire night | 7). COTA G OF Fie ed in Cedar) who went out to investigate, learned from |to assert sucha relationship. For the| ing that Patten ia fishing on the Bartlette '

Ancholy, She had no boy sweetheart. | out of doors.

In fact, she was happiest in her home| Each morning ia the signal for the

Hill Cemetery. Ralph Prime,a prominent |
attorney of Westchester county, came} was marked “Edison 98, 92 Liberty street.” | ashamed to have

here with the casket.

 

witnesses of the accident that the truck

Thera is no Edison company at 93 Liberty

| greater part of my life | was actually
people know that I

has ordered hia

ranch in Colfax eer
im.

deputy there to arrest
DEWEW'S “BRUT CUVFE” CHAMPAGNE

 

TASHKIGLA DEFENCE.
At the Tashkisla barracka a brisk on-

ae cared maven less for such things than | migration of the more timid. The ak street. Some of those who saw the truck het ee vere fooee tay hate bed ray Sparile and Dryness are Sunerb. | ¢h ti ra roan be hide 3 pagan Pha
&verage girl of her age.” \of lava from the crater ia steady NTERS 050, BUNGALOE said that it had been rented by another | De proud to have it known that they honor eau kane ae Pulton Se, N ¢, | the: constitutionalists the loyalists retiret .
tor bo. Ibe 00 fully’ lnwreaees It.—ady, , | oompany from the Hdison company. God. ee ee ow SOS }to an inner room, whence they defied

ae other fact the police took seriously ' ynabased.

,

l

larger force

Pounded by artillery and ~