a

* Hagan was removed to a store.

bt
”

VOL, LXXI.—NO. 346.

 

WONDERFUL LIGHTNING PLAY,

NOTAING TO EQUAL LAST NIGHT'S
SHOW SEEN HERE.

 

 

in Brook! im the Afternoon |
CN ee | being a ceremonial visit by Col, Young-

Rtorm. -Twe Persons Killed and
Khozens Shocked—Tents of Sick Chii-
dren Blown Down—Filagstaf Hit.

The electric batteries of contending
clouds opened on one another at 8:45 o’clock
Jast night, and for more than half an hour
gave folks who were looking toward the
troubled western sky one of the most start-
ling and unusual aerial spectacles ever seen
hereahouts. Ail the most picturesque forms
of lichtning were visible at times—forked,
chain, heat, sheet and what the Weather
Bureau terms “shimmering.” There were
incandescent pulsations, tremulous gleams,
sudden floodings of white that embroidered
with silver the edges of the clouds, clearly
defined for the fraction of a second.

Preceding the finest of the intermittent
displays there was always a flushing of
the whole western heavens. Criss-cross-
ing, darting like rockets or fireworks ser-
penta in all directions, gleaming and twist-
ing like silver eels, bursting into forms
of leafless and many-twigged bushes,
needlelike in slenderness at times and
thick as a liner’a hawser at others. These
are some of the lightning's phases.

Long Island caught the full sweep of
the afternoon storm. There the wind
vas heaviest, the lightning most destruc-
tive. Two were killed, dozens of people
were shocked, a few seriously; street
cars were struck, a church was hit, flag-
poles splintered and houses set on fire.
The fury of the storm was felt generally
over the eastern end of the island. Brook-
lyn and East New York, as well as the small
towns, caught it heavily. Near the sea the
wind and lightning were so severe that at

Coney Island and Brighton folks were

thrown into a panic, believing that a hurri-
cane had hit the shore.

William Hagan, 27 years old, a truck-
man, of Grand avenue and Dean street,
Brooklyn, was etruck dead by lightnin
in the afternoon storm. He was employed
by the Brooklyn Alcatraz Asphalt Company.
He was driving at Third avenueand Seventh
street at 5:30 o'clock when a lightning bolt
struck him. He lurched forward and fell
headlong to the street. The horses, though
unhurt, were thrown by the electric force.
The
ambulance surgeon who was called said
he was dead. The bolt struck Hagan's
right shoulder and passed out through
his right shoe. His waistooat, shirt and
the right leg of his trousers were cut as
if by a knife. There was no mark on his
body except at the shoulder.

Samuel Kaplan, 11 years old, who lived
at 812 Osborne street, was killed at Chris-
topher etreet and Newport avenue, East
New York, by a bolt of lightning that struck
bim on the top of the head and passed
through his body. He had taken off his
shoes preparatory to wading gh a
puddle of water. The bolt fore up the
ground, and when Kaplan was found he was
lying face downward in a curious, zigzag
diteh. The body was taken to the Brad-
ford street hospital and afterward to the
Liberty avenue police station, where it was
identified by the boy's mother, who was
half crazed from the shock.

At Alabama avenue and Fulton etreet,
Brooklyn, a transfer point for the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit. a hundred or more persons
vho were wailing for care in the protec-
tion of doorways, were thrown into a real
panic when a ball of fire hit a trolley wire.
‘wo women were shocked so severely
ihat they had to be taken to the Bradford
strect hospital, They were Anna Bennett,
17 years old, 125 Sumner avenue, and Mrs.
lvina Rodgers, 20 years old, 22 Church
treet, Jamaica, A number of others who
were affected were able to go home.

A crowded trolley car bound for Canarsie,
nin by Motorman Van Houten, was in
Rockaway avenue, near Fulton street,
when a ball of fire hit the trolley wire half
‘ block ahead of the car, ran along the
vire, flashed down the trolley pole and ex-
ploled the controllers at each end of the
car, Van Houten, with badly burned
hands, was thrown backward into the car.
Several women were shocked and two
fainted. Police, hospital and fire alarm
calls were sent. It took an hour to calm
the passengers and reopen traffic. ;

The storm flooded everything from Rocka-
way: Point to Cedarhurst. At Rockaway
Park many of the tents were blown down,
but no one was hurt. The rainfall was
accompanied by a very high tide and the
water reached a point along the beach which
had not been touched since last winter. The
railroad and trolley tracks on the Far Rocka-
way division were under water for hours,
and only with difficulty were, trains and
trolley cars run. Women arriving at the
stopping points had to be carried from the
cars.

The heavy wirnz which accompanied the
afternoon storm was felt at the seaside
camp for sick children, eatablished at Coney
Island by the New York Association for
Improving the Condition of the Poor.
None of the children or nurses was hurt,
hut all got a scare and a pretty rough
shaking up.

The camp, ten tents on the beach at Surf
Avenue and Twenty-eighth street, was full
to the limit when the big wind hit it about
4 o'clock. All of the forty-five children,
from 20 months to 12 years old, and the
nineteen nurses were inside the tents.

In a few seconds every tent was down,
children screaming under billows of wet
canvas, nurses calling to each other anx-
iously, It had grown very dark and the
gloom added to the unpleasantness. Chil-
dren's clothes were caught up by the wind

and for blocks
Stent Hobs from the frame buildings

Men
of the association near by and cleared away
ae fallen canvas and ens the ane
6 dings as qu as possible.

By some curious freak of fuck none of the
‘ots had been hit by tent poles, and the same
good fortune extended to the nurses. The
re examined, dried and put to

bed, none worse for their experience.

WOMAN WRITES FOR HELP.

Card to Long Island City Police Tells of
Torture and Imprisonment. .

4 postal card was received at the Magis-
trates’ court in Long Island City yesterday
morning on which was scrawled ina woman's
handwriting an appeal for help. It was
written with lead pencil and was almost
illegible, but as near as could be made out
To ne UeO OP Ue Oe C a

ge 0} eens County Court:

Please help me, as I am tortured by the
dep es around the block. Sitting. My

usband don't allow me any olothes, any

children

 

money, Please help me. Answer.
The pollce will make an taveskgation.

| BRITISH

   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

7

   

res

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY,
MARCH INTO ERAS ELBBT OUT OF PORT ARTHUR

Troops Pass Through Streets Before a
Carious Crowd.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
Lyasa, Aug. 5.—Yesterday, for the first
time in history, British troops marched
through the streets of Lhasa, the occasion

SAID TO BE PURSUING
WARSHIPS.

TOGO
THE RUSSIAN

 

Nefs of Escape Is Brought to Chefoo
by a Russian Destroyer—Battie at Sea
Exp ected—Mourepatkin’s Pesitien Is
Grave—Jap Advance en Liaoyang.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUM.

CHEFOO, Aug. 11.—A Russian torpedo
boat destroyer which left Port Arthur
Wednesday has arrived here and re-
ports that six Russian battleships, four
cruisers and a number of torpedo boats
got out of Port Arthur Wednesday morn-
ing.

Admiral Togo's fleet, it was stated, had
started in pursuit of the Russians.

A great battle at sea is expected here.

CHE¥Foo, Aug. 10.—Admiral Sah, com-
manding the Chinese fleet, arrived to-day
from the Miaotao Islands. He states that
the firing heard Monday night was at Port
Arthur, and that more firing was heard
this afternoon.

Toxro, Aug. 10—The Russian torpedo
boats at Port Arthur issue from the harbor
daily. They are apparently seeking to
make a chance to allow the cruisers inside
to make a dash and escape.

It is reported here that the Russians are
moving north. The reporta indicate that
they will withdraw from the Tieling
fortress.

husband, the Civil Commissioner accom-
panying the British expedition, to the
Chinese Amban.

The troops, when en route to the city,
passed at the foot of the Dalai Lama's
great palace on Mount Potala, about three
smiles west of Lhasa, aud through the fields
to the outskirts of the city. Then they
passed through the Chinese quarter, which
was swarming with pigs, and entered the
city proper.

The Amban’s smart guard of honor
received Col, Younghusband, who had
an hour's interview with the Chinese rep-
resentative. The Amban lamented the
clannish ignorance and low cunning dis-
played by the Tibetans in their foreign
dealings. ;

On his return to the camp, the mission
passed the Great Cathedral, or “the Place
of the Gods.” The streeta were filthy.
Reports atill vary as to the whereabouts
of the Dalai Lama and M. Dorjeieff, his
Russian adviser.

The people displayed the greatest ouriosity
to see the British, swarming in the side streets
and climbing on roofs to get a better view.
To-day there were 400 Lhasaites outside
the camp, and they did an enormous trade
selling vegetables, sweets and sugar.

The chiefs to-day objected to a proposal
that the British ocoupy the summer palace,
alleging that it is the same as a temple.
This statement, however, is not believed
to be true. The question is in abeyance.

The chiefs promise that the National
Assembly will appoint delegates to nego-
tiate with the British, and that their acts
will be fully binding upon the Dalai Lama
and the people. They say that the Dalai
Lama went into seclusion a year ago for
three years, fearing disturbances, and
that he has now gone ona pilgrimage for
the remainder of the period, leaving the
seals of office behind so that a binding
treaty can be fixed.

 

KOUROPATKIN IN TIGHT FIX.

Russian Staff Hears, However, His Position
Isn't Critical.
Special Cable Despatches to TRE Sun.

From THE Sun Correspondent at St. Petersburg.

Sr. PETERsBuRG, Aug. 10.—The General
Staff is in possession of information beyond
that whioh has been officially published
in regard to the position of Gen. Kouro-
patkin.

This shows that while his position is
grave it is not oritical.

The General Staff is encouraged by the
activity of the Russian raiders near Gen-
san, Corea, whence Col. Madritoff is suc-
cessfully employing chunchuses, or Man-
churian bandits, to keep headquarters at
Liaoyang informed of the Japanese move-
ments.

Gen. Kouropatkin reports to the Czar
under date of Monday and yesterday that
the enemy's advanced poste on his south
front are from seven to nine miles north
of Haicheng. There are no particular
changes on the east front.

Daily fusillades take place on the south
front between the advanced posts. There
is no change on the Saimatse side of Liao-
yang.

The General adds a lengthy account of
a Cossack skirmish west of Tsianchan, in
which two Cossacks were killed and twelve
wounded. The affair showed that the
Japanese has field artillery and reserve
infantry employed.

Sinqaminorov, Aug. 10-—The Chinese
Genera], Chung Teor Lin, commanding
the troops along the Liao River, has just
arrived from Mukden.

He reports that a large force of Jap-
anese is at Paithuho, causing the Russians
to retreat from Liaoyang.

He says the Japanese are advancing
on Liaoyang from five directions.

Toxo, Aug. 10.—The Russian raiders who
(

DEPORTED BY MASKED MEN.
Labor Union Leader Returns to Victor,

Col., and Is Run Out of Town.

Vicror, Col., Aug. 10.—John Harper,
former president ef the Victor miners’
union and late manager of the miners’
union store in this city, one of the deported
unionists, returned to the camp yesterday.
Last night he was seized at his home by
masked men and driven out of the district.
Mr. Harper's son Ritchie, about 21 years
old, was also compelled to leave.

Young Harper was brought back about
an hour after his father had been taken
away and reported that a short distance
below Lawrence the men who had him
and his father in charge decided that he
should be returned.

Sheriff Underwood and Chief of Police
Naylor went in pursuit of the masked
men, but so far as is learned have not been
able to overtake them.

FOR CORTELYOU TO SETTLE.
Roosevelt Refers a Party Fight in Kansas
te the Chairman.

Torexa, Kan., Aug. 10.—Chairman Stubbs
of the Republican State committee for
Kansas is in New York to urge Chairman
Cortelyou to use his power to stop the
fight on Congressman Curtis waged by
Cyrus Leland and his friends. Leland |
is a Republican leader and was formerly |
national committeeman. Stubbs first went
to see President Roosevelt, who directed
him to go to New York and see Mr. Cor-
telyou.

MAN, WOMAN AND RING.

-—__ were near Gensan, Corea, areretiring. They
have two 30-millimetre Hotchkiss guns with
them They left threedead. TheJapanese

sustained no losses.

He Gave Me the Ring, She Cries—She Stole
It, He Saye—Tears, Cell.

George H. Humphreys of 1226 Madison
avenue, went to the Detective Bureau yes-
terday afternoon and complained that Misa
Thalma Love of 160 West Seventy-ninth
street, had stolen his diamond ring. valued
at $300,

“I was with the woman in the Marlbor-
ough Hotel rathskeller on the night of
May 15” he said, “and she took my ring.
I have been trying to get it back ever since
but she won't give it up.”

Detective Sergeants Flannelly and Pep-
perted found Miss Love in her flat last night
and took her to Police Headquarters. Miss
Love stamped and stormed and then shed
covious tears.

“I have been treated outrageously by
this man Humphreys,” she cried. “He
gave me the ring, and I have a letter from

him to prove it, Oh, I'll fix him yet.”

The young woman gaid she was 21 years
old and single. She ed the night in
the Mercer street station.

After arresting Miss Love, the detectives
searched her flat and found a pawnticket.
It showed that the ring had been pawned
yesterday morning for §175.

JUDGE MADE SOCKS.

Knitted Them by Machine tn Court to Heip
Decide a Patent Suit.

Scranton. Pa., Aug. 10.—The unusual

CHUNCHUSES ATTACK RUSSIANS.

 

Bandits Take Camp at Tiehiing Unawares
and [nflict Heavy Lesees.
Speciaj Cable Despatch to Tau ScN.

LONDON, Aug. 11.—A despatch to the
Standard from Tientsin says that 8,000
chunchuses, or Manchurian bandits, at-
tacked the Russian camp at Tiehling on
Aug. 2.

The Russians were taken uanwares and
suffered heavy loss of life. They also lost
a large stock of supplies and ammunition.

PORTE GIVES IN TO RUSSIA,

Voluntecr Fleet to Pass Dardanelles on
Russia's Promise to Observe Convention.
‘Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
| CONBTANTINOPLE, Aug. 9 (Delayed)—
| The result of Sunday's interview between
Tewfik Pasha, the Turkish Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and M. Zinovieff, the Rus-
|
{

 

 

sian Ambassador, is that the Porte accepts
Russia's assurances as to the strictly com-
mercial character of volunteer vessels
passing through the Dardanelles, on the
understanding that Count Lamsdorff, the
Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs, has
given these assurances to the Ottoman
Ambassador at St. Petersburg on behalf
of the Czar.

The Porte last evening sent a note to the
Russian Embassy, acknowledging the state-
ments made by Count Lamadorff and Am-
bassador Zinovieff and embodying the
following:

The vessels of the Russian volunteer
fleet, of whose passage through the Dar-
danelles notification has been given, must
not carry arms or munitions of war, must
fly the commercial! flag throughout their
voyage, and must pass through the Dar-
danelles separately, at intervals.

The first of the vessels is expected to pass
through on Thureday.

— te

sight of a Judge of the United States Circuit
Court manufacturing socks was witnessed
in chambers here to-day whenJudge Arch-
bald took this means of becoming enlight-
ened on a mechanical! appliance in dispute
TheCourt heard the caseof the Eck Knitting
Company against the Kutz Knitting Come
, in which the former charged the
latter with an infringement on patent ma-
chinery several] weeks ago in Philadelphia,
but was unable to give a decision.

At the Judge's suggestion the machines
were installed in the courtroom here to-day,
and while the atcorneys interested looked
on the Judge manipulated the crank and
turned out a dozen pairs of white and gray
socks.

At the suggestion of the machinists, the
Judge consented to t @ to each
of the court attachés, but Ba eereiie ap-

led strongly to the lawyers, and when
fie court looked for the results of his labora
be Peace abc aenaare jain
warring 00 x @ nts
at Reading, Pa. p

SAILING OF BALTIC FLEET.

Date Now Sct for Aug. 16—-I¢ Will Come
Prise Sixty Vessels.
Spectat Cable Despatch to Tun Sun.

BERLIN, Aug. 9.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Lokal Anseiger says
that the Baltic fleet wil) probably sai) for
the Far East on Aug. 16.

It will comprise sixty vessels, includ-
ing eight battleships and nine armored
cruisers. It is expected that the voyage

Burglar in J. H. Prentice’s House.

A burglar was caught early this morn-
ing while at work on the third floor of J,
H. Prentice's residence, at 8 Remszen street,
Brooklyn. He was cutting a hole in the
wall s0 as to enter the residence of Mrs,
Sarah Dickey at No. 10.

The police of the Adams street station

 

surrou: the ‘block. Three policemen will take sixty da:
house and captured the thief, 0 ee
sho said he was Alton Rolston. ; —_

A choice of ei
Spon turret fa Ween Baiads

Hoket paye the farenchas.

Mr, Prentice and f are in the
iene.

 

 

SOME ONE SHOT ME, SAYS DANA.

Telle a Fellow Patient That He Did Not
Attempt Suicide.

Young Samuel L. Dana, who was found
wandering in Central Park one morning
last month with a bullet through his right
lung and whose injury led to the dis-
closure of a lot of tangled marital relations,
‘was removed from Bellevue last night to
the Presbyterian Hospital. He had been
in the prison ward, but was admitted to
bail.

His removal was against the advice of
Supt. Rickard and Dr. Pappenheimer, who
has charge of the prison ward. Dana had
developed a case of pneumonia yesterday
and the physicians considered his exposure
to last night’s bad weather highly danger-
ous. His temperature was 104 when he
left the hospital.

A man who occupied the next cot to Dana
told the hospital people that the young
man had confided to him that he had not
shot himself and would so testify when
arraigned in court.

 

COULDN'T FIND SUBMARINE
The Shark Under Unfavorable Conditions
Wins a Victory Of Newport.
Newport, R. I., Aug. 10.—There was
an interesting test here this morning of
the submarine torpedo boat Shark, at-
tached to the torpedo station, in a contest
arranged between her and the gunboat
Hist. It was not a day favorable for the
submarine, but in spite of this the Shark

succeeded in carrying out its mission. '

The day was clear, but outside, where
the attack was held, there was quite a
heavy sea running, which made it a dif-
fioult task for the submarine to keep sub-
merged. The Hist was sent off Beaver
Tail and told to prepare for an attack.
She was in command of Lieut. C, Ang-
land. The officers from the torpedo sta-
tion were out on the torpedo boat Winslow
to watch the affair.

As soon as the Hist had taken up her
position, watchers were set and every effort
made to pick up the submarine.

The Shark, which was using a new peri-
scope, went out in the bay, became sub-
merged and then ran in this condition out
through the channel and off to Beaver Tail,
picking her way by means of the periscope.
She was not seen once by those on board
any of the vessels, and the first known of her
whereabouts was when she came to the
surface near the Hist and signalled that
she had fired a torpedo.

‘The Shark was in command of Lieut.
Charles Nelson.

SNUBBED BY GOV. LA FOLLETTE.

 

 

Gov. Mickey of Nebraska Calls eon Him
and His Card Is Returned.

LINcoLN, Neb., Aug. 10.—Chagrined and
rebuffed, the Governor of Nebraska and a
part of his staff, constituting a reception
committees to Gov. La Follette of Wis-
consin, retreated from the Lincoln Hotel
yesterday afternoon, suffering a positive
affront at the hands of the Wisconsin Gov-
ernor.

Gov. La Follette arrived in Lincoln dur-
ing the morning to attend a Chautauqua
assembly during the evening. Imme-
diately upon his arrival he retired to his
room at the Lincoln Hotel for a rest.
Shortly after dinner Gov. Mickey arrived
to call upon the visitor. With him were
Mayor Adams, Gen. Culver, Col. S. M.
Melick, ex-Congressman Strode, and several
others.

The Governor at once sent up his card,
which was returned by the bellboy with
the statement that Gov. Fa Follette said
to leave the cards at the office. Gov. Mickey
requested that the visiting Governor be
informed that the reception committee
awaited him. Soon the word came back
that when the Governor of Wisconsin got
ready to arise he would notify the Governor
and the reception committee, and they
could then receive him. On the receipt of
this message the reception committee
disbanded.

“I shall not come down to the hotel again,”
remarked Gov. Mickey as he drove away.
“I have affairs of importance to attend to
at the Capitol which will require my at-
tention.”

 

TOLD A TALE OF LYNCHING.
Three White Constables in-Jafl in Alabama
—Negro They Had Is Missing.

SruMA, Ala., Aug. 10—Murder in the
first degree is charged against Special
Constables Ransom, Stanfield and Cherry,
who alleged that Edmund Bell, a negro,
was taken from them on Saturday near
Sardis by a mob of negroes, hanged to a
trea and riddled with bullets. The white
men are incarcerated in the county jail here
and will have a preliminary hearing to-
morrow,

Beyond their first statement that the
negro Bell was taken from them by a mob of
negroes, which they were powerless to
resist, the constables have made no state-
ment. Bell was charged with having as-
sassinated a negro, Houston Scuggs, and
after a preliminary hearing at Sardis, where
his bail was fixed at $1,000, he was placed
in charge of three special constables to be
taken to jailin Selma. It was while coming
here that the negro was lynched.

On last Saturday night the Selma cavalry
troopa from the Alabama National Guard
were sworn in as deputy sheriffs and accom-
panied Sheriff Blackwell to the scene of
the lynching in an endeavor to apprehend
the members of the alleged mob. No trace
of any of the lynching party was found.

 

J. K. HACKETT’S MISSING MONEY.

Actor-Manager Sent It to the Bank by
Jenks and Jenks Got Drunk.

James K. Hackett, the actor-manager,
sent James Jenks, one of his employees,
to the Mutual Bank, Broadway and Thirty-
third atreet, yesterday morning to de-
posit to Hackett's account $150 in cash
and nearly $700 in checks.

Late in the afternoon, when Jenks did
not return, Hackett got worried. Jenks
lives at 127 Lexington avenue, but he hadn't
got home, Hackett learned. Then the

actor-manager went to the Tenderloin ;

station and asked that he be looked for.
Detective Drennan went to the bank
and found that Jenks had deposited the
checks, but had forgotten to deposit the
money. While Drennan was trying to trace
Jenks, Policeman Bushnell found a very
drunken man hanging on to an iron rail-
ing at Madison avenue and Thirty-second
street. It was Jenks.
He was barely able to tell his name at
the police station. He had $128 in his
eta, and the police guessed that the
oes between that and $150 had gone
for is
‘ett sent word that he had no com-

t to make against . but the police
eid him on s charge of intoxication,

   

 

YOUNG FROST RESCUED ALIVE,

LOST FOR SIX DAYS IN THE
ADIRONDACK WILDERNESS.

 

A Party of Indians Finds the Missing Young
Brook)ynite in an Exhausted Condition
—He Had Subsisted for Six Days
Bolely on Huckleberries and Water.

Urioa, Aug. 10.—Aaron Frost, dr., of
Brooklyn, who lost his way in the Adiron-
dack wilderness on Thursday night of last
week, while on a fishing expedition, was
found last night by a party of Indians.
The credit for Frost's eschpe from death
by exposure and starvation is due directly
to the persistent efforta of the Indians,
who, with an Adirondack guide, scoured a
wide area of forest, and finally found the
young Brooklynite in an axhausted condi-
tion, he having subsisted for six daya on
huckleberries and water.

Thuraday forenoon young Frost and a
companion left their camp near Benson
Mines, which is on the Carthage and Adi-
rondack Railroad, and embarking in a skiff
set out on Fifth Pond for a fishing trip.
Late in the afternoon they landed on the
opposite side of the pond, entering the dense
woods in quest of small game. They took
different routes, agreeing on a code of sig-
nals, which were to be exchanged in the
event either lost his way. Within half an
hour, despite the frequent firing of his rifle,
Frost’s companion was unable to locate him.
Working his way back to Fifth Pond, the
companion rowed across and, hurrying to
Benson Mines, gave the alarm.

Night had fallen and the residente of the
town were rather diffident about joining
in a search for Frost until it was firmly
established that he had lost his way, the
impreasion being that he was playing a
joke on his companion and would appear
safely in due season. Friday| morning,
when the young Brooklynite was still miss-
ing, his disappearance was taken seriously,
and a party of Indians, who had been tramp-
ing through the forest in that vicinity
selling trinkets to campers, were approached
and a proposition made to them to join in a
search for the missing youth, their familiar-

ity with different trails through the forest.

warranting the hope that if Frost had
not fallen into some pond or river he would
be speedily found. ‘

The Indians worked in relays, the first
party of eleven starting into the woods
Friday afternoon at a point near where
Frost was last seen by his companion,
Night and day the red men, whose efforts
were directed by an old Adirondack guide,
scoured the forest, beating the underbrush,
peering behind logs and looking for foot-
prints.

Last night, shortly before midnight, the
searchers working between Fifth Pond
and Wolf Lake came upon freshly made
footprints. Discharging firearms and hal-
looing, they followed the trail for a mile
and a half, when they oame upon the object
of their search. Seated against a tree they
found young Frost, holding a bottle of
huckleberries in one hand, while in the
other was a bottle of water. His gun lay
at his feet. Frost greeted his Indian res-
cuers with expressions of gratitude, and
made known his desire to start for camp, a
distance of nine miles. Despite the suf-
ferings which subsistence for six days
and nights on a diet of huckleberries and
water entailed, Froat appeared in a com-
paratively good state of health, and kept
up with his rescuers as they retraced their
steps toward Benson Mines, where they
arrived early this morning.

Frost says he lost his way in the woods
fifteen minutes after he left his companion
Thuraday afternoon. He eays that during
his wanderings he walked about forty
miles, and subsisted wholly on huckleber-
ries and water. He will return to Brooklyn
within two days after he has recovered
from his experience.

Aaron Frost, Jr., who was lost in the
Adirondack forests near Saranac Lake
is the eighteen-year-old son of Aaron
Froat,a member of the firm of Blaok, Starr &
Frost, jewellers, at 438 Fifth avenue.

The family left their home at 150 DeKalb
avenue, Brooklyn, early in the summer,
and went to Haines Falls, N. Y., as Mr.
Frost, Sr., was in ill health, The young
man left his parents and went to Lake Sara-
nac, where he joined a chum, George Lin-
chen.

Mrs. Frost received the following tele-
gram yesterday morning:

BENSON MINES,
St. Lawrence County, N. Y., Aug. 10.

Junior has been found in good condition.
Don't worry. LINCHEN.

The young man is a member of the class
of '05, Adelphi College, Brooklyn. and is an
athlete.

 

NEW RUSH FOR GOLD.

Fishing Fleet at Sand Point, Alaska, De-
serted—Sallors Getting Rich.

Ban Francisco, Aug. 10.—-The new
bonanza at Sand Point, Alaska, is proving
a serious matter to masters of fishing veasels
in the Arctic, as crews desert in a body to
try their fortunes in the new diggings,
where beach gravel yields $50 a day and
over to each miner.

Sand Point has been the favorite head-
quarters for the fishing fleet, hut no one
dreamed that the beach gravel contained
enough gold to pay for working it. Recently
a tenderfoot prospector went to work near
the town and washed out several hundred
dollars in coarse gold in a few days.

Then a fierce stampede began from al)
the neighboring country, and every sailor
who camo into port ‘became crazy to dig
for gold. The beach was soon swarming
with miners with rockers and pans, andal)
made good money.

Capt. Soderholm of the fishing schooner
Pear! arrived to-day and reported that the
richness of the beach gravel had not been
exaggerated. It is uncertain how ex-
tensive the gold deposits are. The rush,
he said, beat anything he had seen in Klon-
dike for fierceness and excitement. This
was recognized as @ poor man’s opportunity.

FIRST AID.

 

'
Two Women in Mr. Morse’s Auto Dress
‘ the Wound of a Boy It Hit.

| William Morse, president of the Mer-
chants’ Rubber Company, was driving his
automobile along Webster avenue near
178th etreet last night when James McArdle,
9 years old, ran into the street and was

| knocked down by the machine.

With Mr. Morse were two women, who

! carried the boy to the automobile and
dreased a wound on his right leg with their
handkerchiefs. The boy was taken home
and his parents made no complaint againat
the automobiliste,

Ingist upon havi-< Burmett's Vanilla.—Ads,

 

 

ti THURSDAY, Avaver 11, 1004,
Showers and cooler to-day; fair and

‘e

, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

AUGUST 11, 1904.—Copuriont, 1904

JAPAN HAS SPENT $100,000,000.

War Expenses Up to the End of July Foot
Up That Amount.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.
Tox1o, Aug. 10—The Finance Depart-
ment states that the war expenses up to
the end of Juiy were 200,000,000 yen, 70
per cent. of which remains in the country,

This means in American money ap-
proximately $100,000,000.

 

CZARINA AGAIN MISTAKEN?

Delay in Birth of Chiid Gives Rise to Appre-
hension in Russia,
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

St. Perenssuaa, Aug. 10.—The delay in
an expected event at Peterhof is causing
apprehension that the Empress's condition
is a reourrence of the natural phenomenon
of eighteen months ago, when a birth was
expected, but did not occur.

The Empress refused medical attendance
the present year; therefore there is no
professional] diagnosis.

LUMBER MAN LOST IN WOODS.

George E. Morse of This City Disappears
From Camp in New Hampshire.

MANOHESTER, N. H., Aug. 10.—George E.
Morse of New York started alone from a
camp near the foot of Mount Kearsarge
over a week ago and has not been seen since.

He had been prospecting for timber in
that district with a companion, Harry
Fletcher, who brought the news of Morse’s
disappearance {© this city

Morse had several thousand dollars with
him when he disappeared, and the suspicion
has arjsen that he may have met with foul
play, although it is generally believed that
he haa lost his way in the wilds.

Fletcher, before, appealing for help,
searched the region for three days with-
out result.

VANDERBIIA HOUSE BURNED.

Old Homestead ef Capt. Jacob H. Van-
derbilt in Staten Island Destroyed.

The old homestead of Capt. Jacob H.
Vanderbilt, on Grymes Hill, Staten
Island, was burned yesterday after-
noon, The building, which was a three
story frame structure, was used as an
annex to the Bellevue, a boarding house
kept by a Miss Lyons. The Bellevue, which
is a brick building, escaped the flames.

The fire started in the cellar from an
ubknown cause.

The building belonged to A. S. Barber
of the Barber Asphalt Company.’ It was
built im 1857 and was occupied by Capt,
Vanderbilt until he died,

 

BROTHERS IN CONGRESS FIGHT.

Ex-Gov. Jackson of Maryland and Con-
greesman Jackson Oppose Each Other,
Ockan Crty, Md., Aug. 10.—Ex-Gov,

Elihu Jackson was nominated by the

Democrats in the Fifth district to-day

for Congress. His brother, William H.

Jackeon, is the Republican incumbent

and was renominated. The brothers are

millionaires. With two Jacksons on the
ticket the Democrats believe the negro
illiterates will be unable to pick their can-
didate and the Democrats look for a big

majority.
MARTIAL LAW IN

Troops Ordered Out in View ef a Threat-
ened Revolution.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
BuENOs AYRES, Aug. 10.—Martia: law has
been proclaimed in Paraguay, and a revolu-
tion is feared.

 

PARAGUAY,

RUNAWAY CAR ON MOUNTAIN,
Trelley Gets Away From a Motorman
Near Mauch Chunk and Is Overturned.
MaucH CHUNK, Pa., Aug. 10—While a
trolley car was descending Flag Staff
Mountain, the highest and steepest in the
State, this afternoon the motorman lost
control of it. The car dashed down the
incline at lightning speed for about 200
yards, when it struck a curve, leaped
from the track and overturned. Domi-
nick Wilkins, the motorman, was injured
mortally, as was John Kresge, aged 60 years,
of Lehightor. W. P. Hunter of New York
was injured slightly. Three other passen-
gers and the conductor escaped with slight

injuries.

BRIDAL COUPLE ROBBED.

 

Mr. and Mra. Wedenscheck of This City
Lose Property While at World’s Fair.

St. Lous, Aug. 10.—Mr. and Mrs. W eden-
scheck, who live at 436 Eighth avenue,
New York, and who are visiting the world’s
fair, were robbed of clothes and jewelry to
the amount of $1,000 on Tuesday night
at the home of Mrs. Haper of 3855 Olive
street, where they were stopping.

When Mr. and Mrs. Wedenecheck returned
from the fair on Tuesday there were missing
from their room a gold watch with the
initiala A. K. engraved on the case, a gold
chain with a diamond in the slide, a dia-
mond stickpin in the shape of a star, a gold
ring with an opal setting, a diamond ring
with one large diamond surrounded by
fourteen smaller stones, @ fancy Turkish
shawl, a woman's handbag and a money
order made out to Miss Amelia Krause for
$15, a pocketbook containing $8 and much
clothing.

Mr. and Mrs. Wedenscheck are on their
wedding trip, and the money order stolen
was made out in Mrs. Wedenscheck's maiden
name.

HUYLER TO GIVE A COLLEGE,

 

 

Offers to Help Establish a Young Women's
School in Asheville, N. C.

ASHEVILLE, N. C., Aug. 10.—John 5.

Huyler has offered to establish n undenom- |

inational college for young w4inen and an
institution for large religious meetings
and gatherings in Asheville if the city will
pay one half of the necessary amount. Mr.
Huyler submitted his proposition in person
to-day at a meeting of representative
citizens, presided over by Mayor Rawls.

The citv officials indorse Mr. Huyler's
proposition and its formal acceptance will
probably be made within the next few
days. If Mr. Huyler’s proposition is re-
jected by the city it will be accepted by the
Southern Baptist convention and the pro-
posed college will be sectarian. Mr. Huyler
prefers an undenominational institution,
and has agreed upon very libéral payments
should the city take him up. Mr. Huyter
has returned to New York

DEWEY'S PURE WINES AND GRAPE JUICE
Upeqnaies for the weak and over-worked,
i, T. ey & Sons Co., 138 Fulton St., N. Y.—

ye

y
*

 
 

warmer to-morrow.

{

PRICE TWO CENTS.

PARKER'S POLIGY.

Approves Democratic Platform
Plus the Gold Standard,

ee

TO TAKE NO SECOND TERM.

   

 

Protest Against the Executive
Usurpation of Authority.

 

The Democratio Cantidate, Replying te
Champ Clark’s Speech of Notifica-
tion, Declares for the Right of Every
Man to Work When He Will—Dyne-
milting and Deperting Both Unlaw-
ful, He Asserte—Urges a Revision ef
the Tariff, bat Recognizes the Difi-
culty of the Task—Pilea for Self-
Gevernment for the Filipincs—One
Thousand Persons at the Ceremeny.

Esorus, N. Y., Aug. 10.—Standing on a
low platform between two great trees on
his lawn, with a drizzle of rain falling upon
hia unprotected head, Alton Brooks Parker
was this afternoon formally notified of his
nomination by the Democratic national
convention for President of the United
States. Around him were a _ thousand
people, the most strangely mixed gathering
perhaps that over attended the: notifica-
tion ceremony of a Presidential candidate.
Admiring neighbors outaumbered the poli-
tiolans who had come that they might be
known as friends of the nominee. William
F.. Sheehan, the Warwick of the campaign,
obsoured the view of the Judge's barber,
while August Belmont, financial helmsman
of the campaign, had to peer around the
shoulder of the Esopus blacksmith to get a
look at the doings.

From the beginning of the proceedings
an air of curiosity hung over the crowd,
few of whom knew what Judge Parker
would say in his speech of acceptance. The
rain was merciful when the candidate's
turn came, but the drops were atill so fre-
quent that the Judge advised his hearers
to step under the trees to be out of the wet.
Few took his advice and moat of those with
umbrellas lowered them out of compliment
to the nomines.

His speech was received with marked
attention and was punctuated a dozen times
by applause. His ideas on the Philippine
question were well received. When he
referred to man’s right to work where he
will and pursue any lawful trade or busi-
ness there were shouts of genuine en-
thusiasm. The part of the speech that took
best with the crowd was the candidate's
announcement that he would not accept
@ seoond term.

The crowd that came from New York
on the steamer Sagamore returned with
an apparently good impression of the
candidate and the day's work. Most of
the visitors had a good word for one part
oranother of Judge Parker's address.
Then, too, the boat arrangements were
almost perfect and no one hungered or
went thirsty.

When Judge Parker arose at 6 o'clock
this morning the view from his widnow
was not encouraging. The rain came in
sheets and the roads and lawn of Rose-
mount were puddles. But habit could not
be overcome, and the Judge trudged down
the hill for his ewim. After breakfast he
read over again his speech and talked
with friends of the family about the prospect
that the notification ceremony would be
held aboard the Sagamore. Deputy Sheriff
Webster, who had the task of policing
the grounds, took a brighter view of the
weather and began to rope off the space
about the platform.

THE FIRST OUT-OF-TOWN ARRIVALS.
The first arrivals from out of town were
Victor J. Dowling of New York and Mr.
and Mrs. George F. Neidlinger, who live
on the Astor place near Rosemount. Mrs.
Neidlinger brought a great bunch of flowers
for the Judge. Next came David B. Hill's
private * secretary, Mr. Manweller, who
carried to Mrs. Parker a box of flowers
from Wolfert's Roost and to Judge Parker
the news that his chief was on the way.
The 12:35 train brought some New Yorkers
who had missed the boat, including Bourke
Cockran, Corporation Counsel Delany,
Frank Goodwin, Judge McMahon, Borough
President Cassidy of Queens, and Philip
Cronin, Building Superintendent of Queens.
Chicago's delegation arrived at 1 o'clock,
It included Frank E. Doling, candidate for
Secretary of State; John A. King, Todd
Lunsford, Fred W. Harrison, the Mayor's
brother, who is candidate for Member of
Congress; Fritz Sontag, Frank Wenter,
Coroner Traeger, City Treasurer Hummel,
Judge Sabbati and John T. Connery. The
delegation bore a message from Mayor
Harrison expressing his regret that the
meat strike kept him at home.

NOTIFICATION COMMITTEE ARRIVES.

The Sagamore, bearing Champ (lark
and the other members of the notification
committee, was sighted at 1:05 P. M., and
three minutes later she began to sound
her whistle in salute. The rain had let
up, and Judge Parker gave the order to
string the bunting on the veranda and
platform. After the Sagamore reached
the Rosemount dock the steam yacht Sap-
phire was descried. She carried John
B. McDonald, former Park Commissioner
Clausen, Justice Henry A. Gilderslesve
1 and other friends of Mr. McDonald. A third
vessel was added to the fleet fifteen minutes
later when August Belmont’s lightning
i yacht, the Scout, came up the Hudson.
| The Scout docked outside the Sagamore,
and Senator Patrick Henry McCarren
assisted Mr. Belmont ashore. The Sap-
phire, which was handsomely decorated
with halliard flags, lay in the middle of
the river and sent its passengers ashore
in the launch.

The 600 Sagamore guesta walked tip the
hill from the boat two by two, Champ
Clark and his notification committce lead-
ing the way. The committeemen were
glad to hear that Judge Parker had de-
cided to hold the ceremony on land. All
were introduced to the nominee by State
Chairman Cord Meyer. The committee
then took seats facing the platform. Judge

' Parker's family and personal gucets were
| escorted to the summer house by Mr. Meyer
! and National Chairman Taggart, who then
returned to take Judge Parker and Champ
Clark to the platform. David B. Hill came

|

TED

Byte acme: o>

 

A SR

A Tea

a ae