ee een ee eed

pave Net so ae hae

aactieeniattt

re eee era ae cet at GAD Rit IE ssh arn liar ane

en ee

Broa x

on the scene, having been ferried from
Hyde Park in the launch Niobe. Each
af the cmmittee oarried,.a banner bear-
ing the coat of arms of his State on a big
staff, Over their heads, hanging from
the big white swing, was @ gigantic picture
of Judge Parker.

ULSTBR COUNTY SENDS A BIG CROWD.

All this time there had been arriving
from inland hundreds of Ulster county
people, Every voter for miles around
had taken a day off and donned his best
clothes to see the fun. Most of them came
on trains to the Esopus station and marchea
valiantly through the mua to Rosemount.
Others arove to the scene. Heaas of
families would dump their relatives on
the Judge’s grounds and then, driving
back to the etation, make an honest
dollar by carting city folk over the hills.
There were at least two hundred women
in the throng that had gathered when
Judge Parker and Mr. Clark stepped on
the platform. The cheering for the nomi-
nee}was floud and honest. The Judge
Jooked ruddier than usual and his com-
plexion was in marked contrast to the pallor
of Champ Clark. The Seventh Regiment
band, which came on the boat, played “In
the Good Old Summer Time.”

Just as Mr. Clark began his speech the
rain began to fall again and the drops
aplashed on his bald head. Mr. Clark

v@aid:

; CHAIRMAN OLARK’S ADDRESS.

Sova Parker: The most momentous
political performancy known among men
is the quadrennial election of an American
President. ‘ie supreme executive power
of 59,600,000 free people changes hands
with simplest ceremony and most perfect
order. While the contest for votes is waged
with earnestness and enthusiasm--some-
times with much heat and with much bitter-
ness—the ready acceptance of the result
by the defeated is the surest augury of
the perpetuity of our institutions.

Presidents come and Presidents go; but
the great Republic —freighted with the
hopes of the human race for liberty — goes

on forever.

All history proves that a Government
bottomed on popular suffrage is a Govern-
ment by party. Experience shows that he
serves his party best who serves his country
best. The names most fondly cherished
are those of men who unselfishly devoted
their time, their energies, their talents,
their fortunes and their lives to the promo-
tion of the public weal. Stronger incentive
to high and patriotic endeavor no man
hath than to stand through all the ages in
that goodly company.

Out of the strong debates and profound
deliberations of the St. Louis convention
ett a reunited party, which goes forth

uering and to Cond Ur The flower of
the mocracy assembled there to consult
on the state of the country and to take
spensuiee for restoring ig Government to
principles enunciated by the Fathers,
oe Fitch it has drifted tae in these latter
8.
very phase of Democratic opinion was
represented and advocated by brave, hon-
est and able champions in that great con-
clave of free and patriotic men, The St.
Louis Convention carried out no cut-and-
dried programme; ita delegates were not
mere automatons or marionettes moving
and talking when strings were pulled by
one man, Speech and action were abso-
lutely free ‘and the et debates which
took place there will constitute part of
the permanent litical literature of the
country. No effort was made to gag or
bridle any one. If a delegate had a pet
idea which he wished to exploit he was given
an adequate and respectful hearing before
either the platform committee or the entire
convention. Every man had his say. To
none was opportunity denied. Out of it all
there grew such unity as encourages lovers
of liberty and of pure government every-
where.

To serve the whole American people
without discrimination, faithfully and well;
to distribute the benefits of the Federal Gov-
ernment impartially to all our citizens; to
lighten the burdens of Government by reduc-
taxation to the minimum and by rigid
* ee ncrey, in the public service; to administer

wers conferred by the Constitution

ber wisely, fearlessly, vigorously and
vt tically without diminution or usurpa-
tion; to maintain freedom of thought,
freedom of speech and freedom of the press;
to promote the sacred cause of human
freedom everywhere ay the wholesome-
ness of our example; to dicate and glorify
the theory and the practice of Fopreesn a
tive government; to secure its blessings
to our posterity for all time—these always
have been, are, and forever must be t
aims and purposes of Democrats.

These aims and pu of the Democ-
racy have been carefully, clearly and com-

prehensively set forth in the declaration
principles which was unanimously re-
omed to the St. Louis Convention in July
pen by the platform committee after more
than sixteen hours spent in its considera-
tion, in- which every great live issue is
frankly, boldly and fully discussed, and
wae was unanimously and enthusias-
adopted by the convention, com-
of delegates from every constituency

anes our flag.

There was a splendid array of Presi-
dential candidates before the St. Louis
convention, supported by loyal friends and
ardent admirers. An unusually large num-
ber of men were placed in nomination for
the greatly coveted honor.

You were chosen with such enthusiasm

as foretells sucess. Having, on the only
ballot, received the two-t irds majority
indispensable by Democratic usage, your
nomination was made unanimous with the
heartiest approval of all your Dieta
competitors. “Absolute Aouvenonice ie
the decisions of the majority, the vital
principle of republics,” has ever been a
cardinal tenet of Democracy, and the signs
of the times indicate that you will be sup-
ported at the polls by the Democratic host
with the same unanimity with which you
were nominated,

The hope is not too extravagant for en-
tertainment that in this campaign our
candidates will have the support not only
of every Democrat in the land, but also of
every voter by whatever litical name
called who believes that the Constitution of
the United States is a living reality, and
that it is pene equally on high and low,
great and small, publio official and rivate
citizen. They will also be supported, let us
Be , by all men, without regard to politi cal

liations, who favor maintaining the
lines of demarcation between the Legislative,
Judicial and Executive departments of the
Government, the separation of which
has been generally conoeded to be the
wisest, most salutary and most difficult
achievement of the masterful statesmen
who framed the Constitution. It is believed
and hoped that, when President, you will
use every legitimate influence at your
command to restore and preserve the just
and healthful a byt among the de-
partments established by the Constitution,

The most marked characteristics of the
bulk of the American people are reverence
for the Constitution and obedience to law.
Your long and conspicuous career asa jurist
in one of the highest courts in the world—the
period which you have spent in expounding
constitutions and statutes—causes your
countrymen to believe that into that more
exal position to which they are about to
eall you you will carry with you that pro-
found respect for the Constitution and the
law which with you become a confirmed
mental habit, and upon which depends the
Retheraity of our system of government—

he best éver devised by the wit of man—a
cyan whose beneficent results have made
us the most puissant nation on the whole face
of the earth.

Into your hands the great historic party
of constitutional government has committed
its standard with abiding faith in your
eurene your integrity, your honor, your
capacity ‘and your patriotism, believing
that under our leadership we will achieve
a signal victory; hoping that your ad-
mainetretion will be such a fortunate, such

ppy epoch in our annals as to mark
the Peck of a long era of Democratic
ascendency and that you a eo discharge
the duties of your high office as to rank th
history with the greatest and best beloved
of American Presidenta.

The nonvention. to Democratic

SS A Re a iE

aR vr frit Seacineeiate

nm a He wt RAI ~3 voava

oa

a4 Sete

custom, ap) ppolnted a a committee—of which
it did me honor to make me chairman,
for which I am deeply g —to convey
to you official information of your selection
as the Democratic nominees for President
of the United States.

Speaking for the committee, with pleas-
ure, I hand you this formal notification
of your nomination, together with a copy
of ‘the platform unanimously adopted by
the convention. In its name and by its
authority I have the honor to request
yeu to accept the nomination unanimously

estowed.

May the nomination find fruition in
election! May the God of our fathers
guide, protect and bless you, both as a
candidate and as Chief Magistrate of the
Republic!

A PHOTOGRAPHER TAKES A PICTURB.

The crowd received Mr. Clark's speech
with a good deal of Democratic spirit.
Near the close, as Mr. Clark was about to
present the nominee the signed copy of
the platform and the resolutions of the
committee, Judge Parker interrupted him.

“One moment, please,” said the Judge.

Mr. Clark seemed startled. Perhaps he
feared scmething as starting as the gold
telegram. But Judge Parker merely wanted
to accommodate a photographer who was
there to get a plovse of the presentation.
When the cheers for Mr. Clark had died
out, Judge Parker, with the bundle of papers
in his hand, walked to the centre of the

platform, and the cheers started afresh.

“You'd better go around back of the trees,
out of the rain,” he cautioned the damp
crowd, “You can hear as well there.”

This pier the plain people. TheJd udge
waa thinking of their welfare. Only a few
took his advice, and he been his speech.
It was well delivered although most of it was
read from “thee t manuscript. When
he came to the end, to say that he would
not take a second term, he laid his manu-
script aside, and his manner was more earn-
est than at any other stage of the speech.
He set the crowd to cheering and wavin
flags, and the'notification committee jum

up to wave the spears of their standards.

William F. Sheehan, who stood on the out-
vive of the crowd, wearing an overcoat
and a panama hat, watched the speaker
anxiously throughout. Ex-Senator Hill
showed no such concern. Judge Parker
said:

JUDGE PARKER'S REPLY.

Mr, CHAIRMAN AND GENTLEMEN OF THE
CoMMITTEE: I have resigned the office of
Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals of this
State in order that I may accept the respone
sibility that the great convention you
represent has put upon me, without possi-
ble prejudice to the cours to which]I chad
the honor to belong or to the eminent mem-
bers of the judiciary of this State, of whom
I may nowj say as a private citizen I am

justly proud.

At the very threshold of this response,
and before dealing with other subjects,
I must, in justice to myself, and to relieve
my sense of gratitude, exprese my profound
appreciation of the confidence reposed in
me by the convention. After nominating
me and subsequently recejving a com-
munication declaring that F regarded the
gold standard as firmly and irrevocably
established, a matter concerning which I
felt it incumbent upon me to make known
my attitude, so that hereafter no man could
justly say that his support had been secured
through indirection or mistake, the con-
vention reiterated its determination that
I should be the standard bearer of the
party in the present contest. This mark
of trust and confidence I shall ever es-
teem as the highest honor that could be
conferred upon me—an honor that, what-
ever may be the fate of the campaign,
the future can in no degree lessen or impair.

INDORSBS THB PLATPORM.

The admirable platform upon which
the party appeals to the country for ita
confidence and support clearly states the
principles which were so well conden@ed
in the first inaugural address of President
Jefferson, and points out with force and
directness the course to be pursued through
their proper application in order to insure
needed reforms in both the legislative
and administrative departments of the
Government, While unhesitating in its
promise to correct abuses andtoright wrongs
wherever they appear or however caused;
to investigate the several administrative
departments of the Government the conduct
of whose officials has created scandals,
and to punish those who have been guilty
of a breach of their trust; to oppose the
granting of special privileges by which
the few may profit at the expense of the
many; to practise economy in the expendi-
ture of the moneys of the people, and to
that end to return once more to the methods
of the founders of the republic by ob-
serving in disbursing the public funds
the care and caution a prudent individual
observes with respect to his own—=still the
spirit of the platform assures conservative
instead of rash action; the protection of
the innocent as well as the punishment of
the guilty; the encouragement of in-
dustry,economy and thrift; the protection
of property yand a guarantee of the enforce-
ment for the benefit of all of man’s inalien-
able rights, among which, as said in the
Declaration of Independence, are “life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness.”

WHAT LIBERTY MEANS.

Liberty, as undefstood in this country,
means not only the right of freedom from
actual servitude, imprisonment or restraint,
but the right of one to use his faculties in
all lawful ways, to live and work where he
will and to pursue any lawful trade or busi-
ness. These essential rights of life, liberty
and property are not only guaranteed to
the citizen by the Constitution of each of
the several States, but the States are by the
Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution
of the United States forbidden to deprive
any person of any one of them without due
process of law

CONSTITUTIONAL LIMITATIONS.

Occasionally, by reason of unnecessary or
impatient agitation for reforms, or because
the limitations placed upon the departments
of government oo the Constitution are
disregarded b cials desiring to accom-
plish that whic tothem seems good, whether
the power exists in them or not, it becomes
desirable to call attention to the fact that
the people, in whom all power resides, have
seen fit, through the medium ‘of the Con-
stitution, to limit the governmental powers
conferred and to say to departments created
by it: “Thus far shalt thou go and no
farther.” To secure the ends sought the
people have by the Constitution separated
and distributed among the three depart-
ments of Government — the Executive,
Legislative and Judicial—certain wers,

it is the duty of those administering
each department so to act as to preserve
rather than todestroy the poeacy of theco-
ordinate branches of the Government, and
thus secure the exercise of all the powers
conferred by the people.

Thomas Jefferson, in a letter to William
C. Jarvis touching the perpetuity of our
institutions, written many years after he
had retired to private life, said: “If the
three powers of our Government maintain
their mutual independence of each other,
it may last long; but not so if either can as-
sume the authority of the otber.”§ It must
be confessed that in the course of our his-
tory executives have employed qovets not
belonging to therr, statutes have been passed
that were expressly forbidden by the Consti-
tution and statutes have been set aside
as unconstitutional when it was difficult
to point out the provisions said to be of-
fended against in their enactment; all
this has been done with a_ good purpose,
no doubt, but in Mierexere. wnevertheless,
of the fact that ours is a government of
laws, not of men, deriving its ‘‘juat powers
from the consent of the governed” If
we would have our Government continue
during the to come, for the benefit of
those who shall su us, we must Lag
be'on our guard against the dan
usurpation of that authority whic! * te
sides in the whole people. whether the
usurpation be by officials representing on®
of the three great departments of govern-
ment or by a body of men acting without
a commission from the people.

LIFK AND PROPERTY MUST BE PROTECTED.

Impatience of the ag be of law,
as well as of its delays, is

Ame doe epee. ena
i asteeae eames Boa aribtehteninsiniletienitininceictiinirns eater ea preipanneindannte

and more manifest from dayto a day’ wits
tances ha

more
8

the past few yearn many
been brought to oar attention where bf
different parte our beloved country
supposed remiss have been seized and
unished by a mob, notwithstanding the
‘act that 7” Constitution of each State
guarantees to every person within ite juris-
diction that his life, his liberty or his prop-
erty shall not be taken from him without
due process of law.
In a struggle between employers and
employees dynamite is said to have been
used by the latter, resulting in the loss of
oer and the destruction of property. ‘The
oer ecretore of this’ offence against the laws
od and man, and all others engaged in
the conspiracy with them, should, after
due trialand conviction, have had meted out
to them the most rigorous punishment
known to the law. ‘his crime, added
perhaps to others, led to the formation of
a committee of citizens that, with the sup-
port of the military authority, deports from
the State, without trial, persons suspected
of belonging to the organization of which
the perpetrators the dynamite
ouleges were mupposed to be members,
In both cases the reign of law gave way to
the reign of force. 1ese illustrations pre-
sent some evidence of the failure of gov-
ernment to protect the citizen and his prop-
erty, which not only justine? the action of
our convention in this regard, but made
t its duty to call attention to the fact that
Const onal guarantees are violated when-
ever SAY citizen is denied the right to labor,
to acquire and to enjoy property or to re-
side where his interests or inclination may
determine; and the fulfilment of the assur-
ance to rebuke and punish all denials of
these rights, whether brought about by in-
dividu or Government agencies, should
be enforced by every official and supported
by every citizen. The essence of good gov-
ernment lies in strict observance of con-
stitutional limitations, enforcement of law
and order, and rugged opposition to all en-
croachment upon the sovereignty of the

pe
The foregoing sug geostions but emphasize
the distinction which existe between our
own and many other forms of government.
It has been well said, in substance, that
there are but two powers in government,
one the power of the sword, sustained by
the hand that wields it, and the other the
power of the law, sustained by an enlight-
ened public sentiment, The difference in
these powers is the difference between a
republic—such as ours, ed on we and a
written Constitution, supported Rr intelli-
gence, virtue and patriotism—and a mon-
archy—sustained by force exerted by an
individual, uncontrolled by laws other ‘than
those made or sanctioned are him; one rep-
resenta constitutionalism, t other impe-
rialism.
PRESENT TARIFF UNJUST AND EXORSSIVE.
The present tariff law is unjust in ita op-
eration, excessive in many of ita rates
and so framed in particular instances
as to exact inordinate profits from the peo-
ple. So well understood has this view be-
come that many prominent members of the
Republican party, and at least two of its
State conventions, have dared to voice the
general sentiment on that subject. That
patty seems, however, to be collectively
able to harmonize only upon a plank that
paras that revision may from time to
time be necessary, but it is so phrased that
it is expected to be satisfactory to those
in favor of an increase of duty, to those
van favor a reduction thereof and to those
sed to any change whatever.
udged by the record of performance
rather than that of promise on the part
of that party in the past, it would seem as
if the outcome, in the event of its success,
would be to gratify the latter class. With
absolute control of both the legislative
and executive copes tan? of the Govern-
ment since March 4, 1897, there has been
neither reduction nor an attempt at reduc-
tion in tariff duties, It is not unreasonable
to assume, in the light of that record, that
a future Congress of that party will not
undertake a revision of the tariff downw ard
in the event that it shall receive an indorse-
ment of ita past course on that subject

by the people,
DEMOCRACY IN FAVOR OF A REASONABLE
REDUCTION.
It is a fact and’ should be frankly
conceded, that though our party be
successful in the coming contest we
cannot hope to secure a majority in the
Senate during the next four years, and
hence we shall be unable to secure any
modification in the tariff save that to whic
the Republican majority in the Senate
may consent. While, tharerore: we are
unable to give assurances of relief to the
people from such excessive duties as burden
them, it is due to them that we state
our position to be in favor of a reasonable
reduction of the tariff; that we believe
{t is demanded by the best interes both
manufacturer and consumer, and that a
wise and beneficent revision of the tariff
can be accomplished as soon as_ both
branches of Congress and an Executive in
favor of it are elected, without creating that
sense of uncertainty and instability that
has on other occasions manifested itself.
This can be achieved by providing that
such a reasonable period shall intervene
between the date of the enactment of the
statute making a revision and the date of
its enforcement as shall be deemed _suffi-
cient for the industry or business affected
by such revision to adjust itself to the
changes and new conditions Hnpoess,
So confident am I in the belief that the de-
mand of he echis for areform of thé tariff
is just that I indulge the hope that should a
Democratic House of Representatives and
a Democratic Executive be chosen by the
people, even a Republican Senate may heed
the warning and consent to give at least
some measure of relief to the people.
THE TARIFF ENCOURAGES TRUSTS.
The combinations popularly called truste,
which aim to secure a monopoly of trade
in the necessaries of life as well as in those
things that are employed upon the farm,
in the factory and in many other fields of
industry, have been encouraged and stimu-
lated by excessive tariff duties. These oper-
ate to furnish a substantial Lop tl in the
neceasities of 80,000,000 people Re prac:
tically excluding competit on vit
large a market and highly remunerative
prices continuing long after the line of
possible competition would naturally be
reached the temptation of all engaged in
the same business to combine 60 as to pre-
vent competition at home and a resulting
reduction of prices has Ppt irresistible
in a number of cases. men must agree
that the net result of enacting laws that
foster auch inequitable conditions is most
unfortunate for the people asa whole, and it
would seem as if all ought to agree that the
effective remedy would be to appropriately
modify the offending law. he growt
of monopoly, of which complaint is justly
made, cannot be laid at the doors of the
courts of this country. The decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States,
the Court of Appeals of this State and the
courts of last resort in many other States
warrant the assertion that the common law
as developed affords a complete legal rem-
edy against monopolies. The fact that they
have multiplied in number and increased
in power has been due not to the failure
of the coun to apply the law phen Pree:
erly moved bY, administrative officials
or private individuals, but to the failure of
officials charged with the duty of enforcing
the law to take the necessary procedure to
procure the judgments of the courts in the
appropriate jurisdiction, coupled with the
fact that the legislative departments of
some of our State governments, as well as
Congress in the manner already referred
to, have by Weeetation encouraged their
propagation, What is needed—in addition
to the passage of a statute revising the
tariff duties to a reasonable basis—is not so
much other and different laws as officials
having both the disposition and the cour-
age to enforce existing law. While this is
my view of the scope of the common law,
if it should be made to appear that it is a
mistaken one then I favor such further
legislation within constitutional limitations
as will give the people a-just and full meas-
ure of protection.
SELF-GOVERNMENT FOR THE FILIPINOS,
It is difficult to understand how any
citizen of the United States, much less
a descendant of Revolutionary stock, can
tolerate the thought of permanently deny-
ing the right of self-government to ‘the
Filipinos. Can we hope to instill into the
minds of our descendants reverence and
devotion for a government by the people,
while denying ultimately that right to the
inhabitants of distant countries whose ter-
ritory we have acquired either by purchase
or by force? Can we say to the Filipinos,
“Your lives, your liberty and your property
apy, be taken from you without due, proc-
of law for all time” and expect we
will long gory! in that feature of Magna
Charta which has become incorporated,

; UGU st: :

in substasioe and:effect, into’ the Constitu-
tion of every State, aapcho mto the Four-
teenth Amendment to the tution of the
United States? Can we hope for ape
of the civilized world wit ie prou oe a
anteeing to every citizen of the Uni
that no Jaw shall be made or enforced which
shall abridge the aioe or immunities
of citizens of the tates, or deny to
any person the equal Froveerien | of wae ieee
and at the same time not onl cper ete
rights to the inhabitants of lip ines,
but take beway from them the wie ht a t
jury an % pepe their lives and the dis
tion of th © property. in the keeping of those
whom we send to them to be thelr Governors?
We shall certainly rue it as a nation if we
make any such attempt. Viewing the ques-
tion even from the standpoint of national
selfishneas, there is no prospect that the
$20,000,000 expended in the purchase of the
islands and the $650, 000,000 said to have been
since disbursed will ever come back to_us.
The accident of war brought the Phi epee
into our on and we are not at Ii
to disregard the responsibilit apn thus
came to us, but that reap bilit
best subserved by Preparing the sikunees
ible for self-government
hat it will

a pang ly as poss
d giving to them assurances t

Conte as soon as they are reasonably pre-

pared for it,

OURS I8 AND ALWAYS HAS BEEN A WORLD
POWER.

There need be no fear that the asser-
tion so often made of late that we have
now become a world power will then be
without puppoert, Ours is a world power
and as such it must be maintained, but I
deny that it is at all recently that the ‘United
States has attained that eminence, Our
country became a world wer over @ cen-
tury ago, when, having thrown off foreign
domination, the people established a free
government the source of whose ey:
8p Prank, and was continuously to ’
from the will of the people themselves. It
grew as a world power as ita sturdy
citizens, to whose natural increase were
added aap tril from the Old World
seeking to obtain here the liberty and
prosperity denied them in their own
countries, spread over the face of the land,
reduced the rere and forests to culti-
vation, built cities,constructed highways and
railroads, till now a nation which at the
formation of the Government numbered
only 3,000,000 in population has become
80,000,000, and from ocean to ocean and
the Lakes to the Guif the country is the abode
of a free and prosperous people, advanced
in the highest degree in the learning and
arts of civilization. It is the liberty, the
advancement and the prosperity of its
citizens, not any career of conquest, that
make the country a world power. This
condition we owe to the bounty of Provi-
dence unfolded in the great natural re-
sources of the country, to the wisdom of
our fathers manifes in the fornr of Boy.
ernment established by them, to the ener
industry, moral character and law ab'din
spirit of the people themselves.

NOT A MITAITARY, BUT A PRACE IOVING PEOPLE

We are not a ear y people, bent on
conquest or engaged extending our
domains in forage lands or desirous of
securing natural advantages, however
great, by force, but 6 Evope loving peace
not guly for ourselves or a)l the nations
of the earth.

The display of great military armament
may please the eye and for the moment
astlte the pride of the citizen, but it cannot
bring to the country the brains, brawn
and muscle of a single immigrant nor
induce the investment here of a dollar of
capital. Of course such armament as may
be necessary for the Bey of the country
and the protection of the rights of ita citi-
zens, at home or abroad, must be m
tained. Any other course would be not
only false economy, but pusillanimous. I

rotest, however, against the feeling, now

ar too prevalent, that by reason of the
commanding position we have assumed in
the world we must take part in the dis-
putes and broils of foreign countries, and
that because we have grown great we should
intervene in every important question that
arises in other parts of the world. I also
protest against the erection of any such
military establishment as would be
required to maintain the country in that
attitude. We should confine our inter-
national activities solely to matters in which
the rights of the Goun ey oF of our citizens
aredirectlyinvolved. Thatisnot a situation
of isolation, but of independence.

OUR MISSION AS A NATION.

The Government of the United States
was organized solely, for the people of
the United States Vhile it was contem-
plated that this country should become
a refuge for the oppressed of every land
who might be fit to discharge the duties
of our citizenship, and while we have always
sympathized with the people of every
nation in their struggles for self-govern-
ment, the Government was not created for
a career of political or civilizing evangeli-
zation in foreign countries or among alien
races. The mostefficient work wecan do in
uplifting the people of ones: countries is by
the presentation of a happy, Bros perous,
self- eyeing nation an ideal to be
emulated, a model to "bs followed. The
general occupation of our citizens in the
arts of peace or the absence of large mili-
tary armaments tends to impair neither
patriotism nor phesion! courage, and for
the truth of th refer the young men
of to-day to the histo ot the civil war.
For fifty years, with the exception of the
war with Mexico, this Souney d been at
peace, with a standing army_most of the
time of less than 10,000 men. He who thinks
that the nation had grown effeminate during
that period should read the casualty rolls
of the armies on either side at Shiloh, TAntio:
tam, Fredericksburg and Gettysburg, at
Stone River and ckamauga. I would
be the last man to pluck a single laurel
from the crown of any one of the military
heroes to whom this country owes so much,
but I insist that their most heroic deeds
proceedee infinitely more from devotion

the eran ey, than from martial] spirit.

As I have already proceeded at too great
length, other questions suggested in the
platform must await my letter of accept-
ance

Mr. Chairman, in most ful speech
you have reminded me of the great re-
sponsibility, as well as the great honor,
of the nomination bestowed upon me by
the convention you represent this day.
Be assured that both are appreciated—
so keenly appreciated that I am humbled
in their presence.

NO SECOND TERM.

I accept, gentlemen of the committee,
the nomination, and if the action of the
convention shall be indorsed by an elec-
tion by the ple I will, God helping
me, give to the aiecharge of the duties
of that exalted office the best service of
which I am capable and at the end of the
term retire to private life. I shall not be
a candidate for nor shall I acoept a renomina-
tion. Several reasons might be advanced
for this position, but the controlling one
with me is that I am fully persuaded that no
incumbent of that office should ever be
piaoes in a situation of ible temptation

consider what the effect of action taken
by him in an administrative matter of
great importance might have upon his
political fortunes. Questions of momen-
tous consequence to all of the people have
been in the past, and will be in the future,
peel to the President for determina-
ion, and in sprroeching their consideration,
as well as in weighing the facts and the
arguments bearing upon them, he should
be unembarrassed by any possible tnough?
of the influence his decision may have u
anything whatever that may affect him
personally. I make this statment, not in
criticism of any of our Presidents, from
Washington down, who have either held
the office for two terms or sought to suc-
ceed themselves, for strong arguments
can be advanced in support of the reelection
of a President. It is simply my judgment
that the interests of this country are now
s0 vast and the questions presented are
freauently s such overporret ng magnitude
to the people that itis indispensable to the
maintenance of a befitting attitude before
the people not only that the Chief Magis-
trate, should be independent, but that that
independence should known of all men,

CI EERING STOPPED BY A PHOTOGRAPHER,

At the end of the speech there was a con-
tinued cheer, but above it came the cry
of the photographer verched ten feet above
the ground to “stand still.” Jud, a Parker

helped him cut by pointing at him, and

the whole assemblage remained ¢ quiet for a_

half minute exposure. Then the Judge left
the platform and started for the house with
the committee and held a han eg on the
veranda. He ehook the hands of several
hundred, One of those to greet him was

- aes Rt ae ad ee ee ee
Jenni 6, GR Ni Rtaie a eae anne

eo 0 Oe le ep
Sold only Ini, sealed bows!
Hence, no dirt, no waste, no possible adulteration. Every piece aparkics
Ihe @ cluster of diamonds, the resuit of its perfect crystallization. You will be

pleased the moment you open a box.
have tried it in your tea, coffee, ets.

Isidor Straus of New York, whoee brother

Oscar recently came out for Roo ;
“There are seven Strauses,”

eeu “Roosevelt has one, and you have

he yacht Sapphire added to the cele-
bration b: distharging irsha in mid-
stream, 6 bombs ee ciet aloft and
set free little parachutes with flags at-
tached. The first bomb out the fore hal-
liards in two and fifty little flags got wet.
COMMENTS ON THE SPEECH.

The politicians stood about the lawn
and discussed the speech, Many of them
thought that the one term declaration was
bad politics. Cones said that four years
was & ang, way ou

David ill gaid: “I regard Judge
Parker's speech as the abien of its kin
ever read, We all knew him before asa
{page Now we know him fora statesman,

“The speech ,” said W. Bourke Cockran
“is an even greater triumph than the fold
standard feet

“A good s * said William F. Sheehan,
as he went abeere the Sagamore.

As the crowd drifted away from Judge
Parker's reception the amore began to
fill up. In the upper cabin Judge Parker's
women relatives and guesta luncheon.
They left at 4 o'clock, and twenty minutes
later the plank was pulled in and the boat
started for Hyde Park to catch a train for
New York. The band played“ Home, Sweet
Home,” and “Auld Lang Syne,” and the
throng on top of the hill waved good-by
with 3 and handkerchiefs.

John J. Delany and other New Yorkers
went home on the Sapphire with the MoDon-
ald party. David B. Hill came down tothe
wharf with August Belmont, got aboard the
Scout and took a seat in front of the cabin.
“I'm in oommand,” he said gayly to the
crowd on the wharf.

“You usually are, Dave,” yelled a farmer,
with more compliment than truth.

COMMITTEE LIKES PARKER'S SPEECH.

The members of the notification commit-
tee and the guests who accompanied them
got back to the city last night soon after
7 o'clock. National Chairman Thomas
Taggart and State Attorney-General Cun-
neen and others who went to Esopus spoke
by the column in praise of the speech made
by Judge Parker. They asserted that for
a clean cut and honest declaration of prin-
ciples it had never been beaten by a Presi-
dential candidate and that it would make
a fine campaign document.

ABOARD THE SAGAMORE.

Governorship Boom for F. Burten Harrison
—Fine Reception at Newburg.

Esopvs, Aug. 10.—A Governorship candi-
date and a new Governorship boom were
aboard the Sagamore on its way up from
New York. The candidate was Charles W.
Goodyear of Buffalo,. who recently an-
nounced that he did not vote for Bryan
at either election. Mr. Goodyear was
telling acquaintances on the boat that
he thought it the best course to make this an.
nouncement early, so that it could not be
used against him with force later in the
season. The new boom was that of Francig
Burton Harrison of New York, who ig a
Tammany Congressman. It is. said that
the Parker managers were still eager to
let Tammany name the esndivae for
Governor and that Charles F. Murphy,
not Waring. to let Mayor MoClellan run
against Elihu Root, did not frown on the
Harrison proposition. Most of the crowd
seemed to take it for granted that Root
will be the Republican nominee and that
Col, Lamont cannot be ind to run.

The committee and invited guests ath-
ered at the Hoffman House at 7 o'clock.
Automobiles carried the committee to the
foot of West Twenty-second street. The
Sagamore left her pier at 8:10 A. M., leav-
ing many belated politicians on the wharf,
It was raining dolefwly, but the band
played cheery airs, and when the good
stories began to be told and the corks flew
the temper of the pilgrims improved.

Charles F. Murphy and Senator MoCarren
did not get chummy. There was no talk
is peace between Tammany and Brook-
yn.

“There is only one man who can make

oe,” said a Tammany leader, “and he
ives at Rosemount. It all depends on him.”

The Sagamore got a fine reception off
Newburg, Aug) Goy. Odell lives. A crowd
was at the wharf cheering for the Demo-
crats and * t sign announced “We are
for Parker.” Guns were fired in salute.
The vores aca cwiedite the welcome
with a big delegation from
Bt, Louie was heated If y Harry B. Hawes,
president of the Jefferson Club.

The roster of the notification committee
MoClelland of i
bama, James Stayton of Arkansas, R. H
De Witt of California, George E. West of
Colorado, P. H. Harriman o cere ncut:
Willard Saulsbury w Delaware Cc,
penaiew of Florida, C. R. Pendleta of

Georgia, Timothy Regan of Idaho, Samuel
8S. Wright of Iowa, Samuel Wootner, Jr.
of Illinois, William H. O'Brien of Indiana
James W. Orr of Kansas, John W. Collie
of Kentucky, C. W. Bolton of Louisiana,
William 8a isbury of Pieises Frank A.
Furst of Maryland, Gu - Currier of
Massachusetts, James W. Peeing of Michi-
gan, W. W. Mayo of Minnesota, Clarence

Sivley of Mississippi, H. B, Hawes of
Missouri, H. A. Callway of Montana, C. J.
Smythe of Nebraska, C. D. Vanduser of
Nevada, Joseph Warren of New Hampshire,
Dewitt C. Flanagan of New Jersey, George
Raines of New York, John E, ‘oodward
of North Carolina, John R. Fried o North
Dakota, John H. Clark of Ohio, z K. P.
Hall of Pennsylvania, Thomas H. Con-
nelly of Rhode Island, D. D. McColl, Jr., of
South Carolina, J. A. Siranskey of South
Dakota, N. C. Robertson of Tennessee,
Clarence N. Ousley of Texas, Samuel A.

Hing of, UM ven J. L. Hanrahan of Vermont,

©. Wallace of Jy Sabin gree, N. W.

ei a Weat Virginia, F. Ryan of

Wisconsin, George T. of Wyoming

S. B. Agnew of Alaska, John Lawler of

Arizona, J. Fred Kelley of the District of
a ee rie Robert Reed of indian Territo

A. Galbraith of Hawaii, H. B. Laughlin

Si Rie eee nae Tien hman of Okla-

homa and H. E. Shaffer of Porto Rico.

The guests aboard the Sagamore were:
Manhattan Borough eresisent John *
Ahearn, ex-Congressman Belmont
State Committeeman Willing F. Balkam,
Samuel A. Beardsley, E. ©. Benedict, Wil-
liam J. Burkes of Richmond, Public Works
Commisioner J. C. Breck enridge of Brook-
a Charles N. Pulger of Oswego, the Rev.

rus Townsend Brady, Senator J. W.
Bailey of Texas, ex- panor David Boody
of Brooklyn, A. James Byrne,
ex-Congressman 0. H We elncan former
Commissioner Bugene t Bush, Supreme
Court Justice H. Bischoff, Assistant Cor-

LY

Reform in Soap

va as follows: T. C.

Fels-Naptha cuts washday in
half and makes that half easier
on your back.

Saves wear on clothes besides.

Fels-Naptha Philadelphia
itl

!

‘

You will be better pleased when you

SOLD BY ALL FIRST-CLASS GROCERS.

poravee Counsel James D. Bell of Brook-
m Tax Commissioner James J. ‘Brady
of The Bronx, Capt. Stewart M. Bryce,
Cornelius Coughlin of Buffalo, John G.
Carlisle, State Committeeman John N.
Carlisle, Aqueduct Commissioner William E.
Curtis, Jacob A. Cantor, John D Crimmins,
Supreme Court Justice James H. Betwu
Bird 8. Coler, James E. Campbell, J. P.
digan, Thomas &) Dunn,Senator Victor
Dow] John R. Dos Passos, ©. W.
Karen atthew F. Boasting Elliot F.
Danforth, John Dooner, William Dalton,
Joseph F. Daly, Health Commissioner
Thomas ton, George Ehret, Jdr.,
William ha le
Erlanger, J

et, Sheriff Mitchell RF

For, Justice Thomas W
Fitzgerald of Richmond, President of the
Board of Aldermen Charles V. Fornes, Sena-
tor John ©. Fitzgerald, Senator James F.
Frawley, Supreme Court Justice James
Fitzgeraid, Judge Warren W. Foster, Jus-
tice Henry J. PE ene, William George
Foes of Merrick, L. James W. Gerard,
aie ceraen S John E, Fitageral, Lawrence
odkin, ue J, Grant, 1 alia gher,

Hoary Goldfogle, Bernard

Thomas F. Gilroy, Jr., Judge W. Gay:

om Gov. L. F. Garvin of Rhode Taland,

E, Gourley « of New Jersey, Jud Leonard
A. Giegerich, M. J. Garvin of ne, Bronx,
Col. Asa Bitd Gardiner, Henry C. Hart,
Beary Hesterberg, Willis Holly, Judge

aston Higginbotham, Con, man
Francis Burton Harrison, Louis F. Haffen,
Julius Harburger, Senator John A. Hawk-
ins, Isaac A. Hopper, H. J. Hubbard, Adrian

H. Joline, Col. Jim Jones, Pat H. Kerhon, W.
i K. ie Miohael J. Kennedy cf Brook-
wr Keenan of Queens, John

Kennedy of Buffalo, Sige John J. Ken-
ney of Richmond, John W ya Judge
Patrick J. Ready of Brookl County
Clerk Aves Kaufmann of 8, Con-
gresaman G. H, Lindsay, ex-Senator Lindsay
of Kentucky, Smith Lane, J h La-
Pale Cord Meyer, Jehn A. wigens, nator

rick MoCarren, eee I. McMahon,

N. McConney, P. F Macabe, John W.
McDonald, Ronee dF. Murph dr., ee
F, Mu rphy of all, ‘J B.
MoDonaia, Col. Horace shart Ae, winnie” 5 Joseph
ca er of Buffalo, Herman A
ton, ex-Con,
Deputy Police Commissioner
Thomas McAvoy, Edward Muller, ex-
Sheriff William ' Melody of Kings, State
Catone Arthur A. McLean of New-
De Lancy Nicoll, Judge Joseph E.
rger, Wil te Church ¢ sborne, Miles
O'Brien, Ju F. O'Dwyer, James
Olive Winslow Pierce, Deputy Comp-
troller N. Philli , Thomas E, Pearsall,
Stephen Peabody, Senator George
Plunkitt, Sohuyler Parsons, George
Sree Charles Putzel, Thomas F, ae
8. Bodie, Senator John W. Russell, dons
. an James 8. an, William C, Reick
Congressman Jacob uppert, Jr., Senator
el J. Riordan, stice George F.
Riordan, George Raines of
Congressman 2 ¥ Shober, eee

epard o rooklyn, Leo r,
Isidor Berens, G er e F, pranpells < oF ver
8. Stanton évlin, Col. in A
Stevens of wines & De beaten’ Ce Char’
A. Stadler, "Becrel Comptroller James
ms peerenaca, 8 Thomas th

Commissioner , Jerome

Bigs ommany ff ao Sheehy, Edward

iflero, Charles A. Towne, Commissioner
; H. Tully of Booman Mirabeau <
ates: Supervisor of City Record P.
Pres ex-Judge George M. Van Scenes:

aa canes T. Woodward of Hanover
Whitehouse, Senator Joseph

Gaverse Sin county, Goesrles Wes-
ternacher, Col. ‘Alfred agstaff, Louis
wie oJ. J. Walsh, money. ‘Wickes

John Cunneen,
Daniel J. Campau of Michigan,
Galland, Register Matthew FE. Doole

anes counts Booty. 8. Herman, Harry

wes issouri, Hugh King, Willian

Pitt meus arnoees juinby, Abe wab,

prance rd, Thomas R. Farrell,

Depu Deputy Seana of Water Su ly;

D. Creamer, ex-Sheriff of Kings

county, and Lawrence W. Ahearn.

BRYAN LIKES THE SPEECH.

Says He Hopes Parker Will Make Mis Leiter
Stronger on Laber.
Lincotn, Neb., Aug. 10.—Commenting
on Judge Parker's notification speech, Mr.
Bryan to-night said:
“It is admirable on the questions dis-
cussed. I hope his letter of acceptance
will go more into detail in regard to certain
planks of the platform, especially upon the
labor question, His indorsement of the
party's position upon imperialism is espe-
cially gratifying. That was the paramount

essman Nicholas

Now!

Rochester,

‘armon Black, Attorney Gen
National Conan itearaas
Fugene

issue in 1900, and it must remain a question
of the first importance until definitely
settled. His discussion of a ara an
the military spirit will do great
“The promise not to be a mar dtiats again
ought to strengthen public faith in his de-
termination to discharge the duties of the
office with » oye § wes | to the public wre)
accordin, beet, dugmrnant, The
reasons t ‘he oa for determination
not to be a candidate again ey case of suc-
cess are the reasons, which influenced me
to make the same promise, and I believe
that they will commend themselves to the
country at large.
is declaration ought to be especially
gratifying at this time, when he is presented
a the candidate against a man who is 60
ly and notoriously using the influence
his office to advance his own political
prominence. The example of Mr.
velt working for a seocnd term will
im noe to Mr. Parker's declarat oc
not to be a candidate for a second term.”

CONDIT.—At Westfield, N. J.. Wednesday, Aug.
10, 1904, of typhoid fever, Henry P. Condit,
eon of George E. and Mary D. Condit, tn the
Mth year of his age.

Funeral services on Friday, Aug. 12, from his
late residence, 288 Etm st., on arrival of the
train leaving foot of Liberty st.,
1 o'clock P. M.
family.

HILTON.—At Ridgefield, Conn., of acute tuber-
culosis, Edward Butler Hilton of Jersey City,
N. J., aged 38 years, son of Walter J. and
Jennte Butler Hilton.

Funeral Thursday Aug. 11, 1004, from the resi
dence of Mr. W. Andrew Benedict, upon the
arrival of 12 o'clock noon train from Grand
Central Station New York city.
in Ridgefield.

SULZER.—On Monday, Aug. 9, 1004, Clara 1., be
loved daughter of Catherine and the late Henry
Sulzer.

Relatives and friends are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral from her late residence,
127th st. and 2d av., on Thursday, Aug. 11, at
R30 P. My, thence to St. Andrew's Church,
127th st. and 6th av., where services will be
held at 1 P. M, Interment Woodlawn.

VERONICA.—Rev. Mother M. Veronica, Superior
General of the Sisters of the Divine Compassion,
on Aug. 9.

A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated at
10:45 A. M. on Friday, Aug.
at White Plains, N. Y.
Central cee IPE RL PMA MS kee at0:35 A.M.

New York, at
Interment at convenience of

Interment

12, In the chapel
Train leaves Grand

CEMETERIES,

aren Piuclawn Cometery, 2315 ac
rt iustrated pamphlet. est min oe N, as

n-

W
M.
hleat:
les
F. Smi
P.
eral
Sch
d
roe:

4 the Habit: Go lé )
6. e
Frothers

279 Broadway.
47 Cortlandt St,
211 & 219 6th Av.
125th Street, Cor. Third Ay,

Announce Their

Half- Yearly
Third (’%) Off

SALE

Without reservation our entire
stock of clothing goes on sale this
morning, Thursday Aug. !1.

Select whatever pleases you. Pay
one-third less than the price marked
in plain figures on the ticket.

Our regular prices are so low that
at a third less your saving is simply
enormous.

Men’s and Youths’
2-Plece Suits.

EG. 5 oe! ICES. SALE PRIOES,
.00 Imported Fiannels..... $13.33
00 O® Imported Homespuns.
Ballybo Homespuns
12. ty Ballybo Homespuns... eee
10,00 Crash and Homespuns... reece 6.67

men's Paney 3-Piece Suits,

Youths’ Aha
Sizes 16 to 20.

bt ‘00 Worsted and Casstmeres..... A
Men’s and Youths’ Peels
Suits,

Including Blue and Black
rsteds and Thibets.

Full Dress Sults $ Off.

REG. PRICES. SALE PRIOES.
$40.00 Imported Ci Dress pyle. SSe.e7
$30.50 Crepe Wo' pate. je 20,838
$3500 Worsted Full Dress Suilt.... 67
20.00 Vicuna Full Dress ‘Suit

Tuxedo or Dinner Sults.

REG. PRICES. ALE PRICES.
16.50 epee Worsted Tuxedo, --- 811.00
oy Pasaas ed Tuxedo Sult.... 16.00
Coat, eo veat and Trousers isss

Gustom Tailored Tuxedo..., 22.00

Piince Albert Coats and

Vests,

Including Black Cutaways aed |
English Walking Coats.
i, cr

Men’s Extra Trousers,

Including the «‘Guaranteed Dutchess"’
and ‘Yankee Homespuns.’’

REG. PRICES. Bats
.00 Strong Cheviot Penta,
.60 Good Cheviot canes
ae Worsted and Pegto

Worsted and Cheviot Ps “Fan

$6.09 Imported _W.
$7.00 Custom Worsted Trousers.

Raincoats 4 Off,

Including Cravenettes, Mackinettes,
Clelettes and Rigbys.

REG. PRICES. SALE PRICES.
10.00 Black and Oxfor 07

Tan and Oxford
$18.00 Gaye Oxford,

Fan
$20.00 Suk Mixture:
$28.00 Imp. Worsted, Vicuna..

Light Top es

fe PRICES. SALE FRIORS.

Men's Winter Poe.

Including Belt Coats, Surtouts and
Paddocks,
SALE PRICES.
reoats.. a

Ces.
0, Brice s

ty 00 Bi'k Ove
12.60 Oxford & BI'k Overcoats..
tia. Melton, Frieze Overcoats..
18.00 Melton, Frieze Overcoats..
00 High-« gh-grade Oxford Oissh::
0 Vicuna, Melton Overc'ts..
826. % Tmparid Svertoalten
Tay Ove
$80.00 Custom cloths \
Boys’ Overcoats 4 Off.
EG. ve ise SALE PRICES.
05 Frieze & Cheviot O'coats.......61.07
95 Frieze & Cheviot O'coate...
All-wool Cheviot O'coats...
95 All-wool Cheviot O'coats...
95 Friezes & Melton O'coats.
5 Cheviot & Melton O'coats.
.85 Cheviot & Melton O’coats

Children’s Sults 4 Off.

mer, Fall and Winter Suits, all styles,
for boys 8 to 16 yeara old. Here, i e fins

REG. PRICES,

To Bo

05
te Cheviot at Mad aie ay
05 Cassimere

and Ch . a
95 Worsted and Cassimere ‘Sul Sutts.. 8

Boys’ Wash Suits 4 Off.

ey SA PRICES.
‘Poplia read Mercerized se

Ri

3 oe Ghamb al
1.48 Crash and Duck
8c. Linen and

Prompt, efficient and courteous
service.

Free alterations. Free deliveries.

Bring this list as a guide. Many
afticles not enumerated here are re-
duced 1-3. Our ENTIRE clothing
stock is one-third off.

Get the Habit. Go to

Grill Fretheru
279 Broadway, a. Chambers.
47 Cortlandt St., n. Greenwich.
211 & 219 Sixth Ave., n. 14th.

12Bth St., Cor, Third Ave.
—————

Farrell Says He’s on the Lid.

Deputy Police Commissioner Thomas F.
Farrell of Brooklyn said yesterday that he
was holding down the lid in the staid old
town. He characterized as nonsense the
report that poolroom men and handbook
makers had been authorized by politicians
to open up in the avenue, Liberty
avenue and Fulton street precincta, Y z h