sam FR KDMPED BO.

The Latter Tells the Police Several Tales
and Leads Them Two Wild Chases
in Manhattan—Identifies a Man Who,
He Says, Took Boy Away From Him,

Antonio Mannino, 9 years old, only child
of Vincenzio Mannino, a rich Italian con-
tractor of Brooklyn, was kidnapped on Tues-
day night, evidently by a gangof Sicilians,
who are holding him for ransom, Angelo
Cucozza,16 years old, who did the actual work
of spiriting the boy away, is under arrest,
as is Francisco Goneglio, an Italian laborer
of New York, who may or may not be con-
nected with the case. (Cucozza led Capt.
Mooney and two detectives a chase yester-
dav that nearly walked their legs off, but
no trace of the missing boy has been found.

The elder Mannino is a member of the
firm of Sigretto & Mannino, They are
among the most prosperous Italians in
Greater New York, Last month they
got a $100,000 contract.

Among their employees was Angelo
(ucozza, not very long over from the old
Being alone in America he was
befriended by the Manninos and enter-
tained at their home. He wasn't much of
a workman and three months ago he was
discharged. Sinee then he has been doing
nothing and the neighbors used to wonder
how he lived. A fortnight ago he began
to hang around the Mannino home at 62
Amity street and cultivate the society of
Antonio

Last Monday night Mrs. Maria Pincello,
mother of Mrs. Mannino, was leaving the
Rrooklyn terminus of the Grand street
ferry when she met Cucozza and her gnand-
son Antonio. They were just about to
enter the ferry gate,

“Where are you going?”
Pincello of the younger boy.

Angel» is going to take me to the city
to be an interpreter,” said her grandson.
“He's going to give me a half a dollar.”

Mrs. Pineello took Antonio by the ear
and led him home. Cucegza disappeared.
The boy was told to have nothing to do
with Cucczta on penalty of a whipping.

Tuesday night after dinner, however,
littie Antonio appeared at a candy store
around the corner from his home. He
had with himall his boy chums and 50 cents.

“I'm going to be an interpreter,” he said.
“See what 1 get for it.”

He spent the money on ice cream and

ly for the crowd. When it was all
re he led them outside. There was
Luce gZa

‘come, Antonio,” said the older boy.
*I'm going to be an interpreter and make
lots of money,” said Antonio, as Cuccgz72a
led him away.

About 9 o'clock Mrs. Mannino looked for
Antonio to put him to bed. She called,
but he didn't answer. She searched the
street,and then the other boys told her
how Antonio had started away to be an
interpreter

With Detectives McGauley, Claire and
Gannon, Mannino the elder took his sta-
tion at the Hamilton avenue ferry. About
half past 12-Cucozza landed alone. He
peered right and left, as though afraid of
being caught. The police were for wait-
ing to see what he would do, but Mannino
was impatient. He rushed out and grabbed
Cucozza.

After the detectives had impressed upon
him the enormity of his crime, Cucozza
unlimbered the first of the remarkable
series of stories with which he has been
entertaining the police ever since. He
said he had taken the boy to Manhattan--
why he refused to say—and that two men
had kidnapped them both and taken them
to an upstairs room, where they were met
by a woman. The two men had kicked
him out and kept Antonio. When pressure
was brought to bear, he said that he could
find the house. So the whole party took
the next boat for Manhattan.

Cucozza led them a merry chase al! over
the lower part of town. After walking
them nearly to death and riding on two
car lines, he stopped on Thirty-ninth street,
near First avenue, and pointed to a tene-
ment house.

eountry

asked Mrs.

There was a corner grocery store with s
barrel besideit. - .

“Here is where we met the two men,” he
said,

A few doors down First avenue he stopped
before 317 and designated it as the house
where he left Antonio. Without hesitation
he led to Flat 16 on the top floor.

“This is the place,” he said,

They knocked and entered. A little
Italian woman, who said her name was
Mrs. Coneglio, confronted them. She held
a baby in her arms,

“That's the woman,” said Cucozza.

The woman did not answer the boy's
description; still the men believed the
truthful Vincenzo, who began to inspect the
family photographs on the wall.

“There's one of them,” he said, pointing
toa figure in a group.

Mrs, Coneglio said her husband would
come back from work in a quarter of an
hour, so the detectives waited. When
Coneglio came in with his dinner pail Cu-
cozza jumped up and pointed excitedly,

“There's the other one,” he said. So
Coneglio was arreated and taken back to
Brooklyn, He is slim and only passably
dark, for an Italian. The kidnapper of
Cucozza’s tale was fat and very dark.

Luigi Bongovi, a barber of Long Island
City, is Mrs, foneglio's brother-in-law.
He came over to New York last night to
comfort her.

“The man whom Cucozza_ designated
in the photograph,” said Bongovi, “is my
brother-in-law, Giuseppe Valente,'a wealthy
merchant of Italy, who was never in this
country. Coneglio is a laborer on the
Long Island Railroad. He hasn't missed
a day's work in a year. The arrest is a
piece of foolishness.”

Cucozza and Coneglio are both Sicilians.
Antonio Mannino is 9 years old, of light
complexion for an Italian, and 3 feet 6
inches tall. When he left home he wore a
striped shirt waist narrow four-in-hand tie,
striped knee breeches, black shoes and
stockings and a black cap.

END OF RUSSIAN DICTATORSHIP.

Ministry of Interior May Be Made an Ore
dinary Administrative Department.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

Sr. Peterspuroa, Aug. 10.—The opinion
is expressed in high quarters that M. de
Plehve’s successor as Minister of the In-
terior will not be named for a fortnight.
Hence this, coupled with the statement
that the Emperor is still considering a
change in the internal policy of the country
and is in daily consultation with the repre-
sentatives of quite divergent views, leads
to the opinion that the duties of the office
will be divided with the newly created

Ministry of Police.

This would reduce the post of Minister
of the Interior froma practical dictatorship
of the Empire toan ordinary administrative
department. The new Ministry, in such a
case, is regarded as of the principal im-
portance,

It is reported that several marshals and
members of the nobility sought to obtain an
audience withthe Czar in order to present
to him a draft of a national constitution.
The Czar refused to see them, declaring
that there would be no change in the sys-
tem. All that was needed was the strength-
ening of the present system, which had
raised the country to power and greatness,

SINKING OF THEA UPHELD.
Russian Prize Court Declares That the

German Steamer Was a Lawful Prize.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

VLADIVOSTOK, Aug. 9.—(Delayed.)—The
prize court here has declared that the Ger-
man stearmer Thea, which was sunk by the
Vladivostok squadron off the coast of Japan
on July 24, was deserving of confiscation
for serving the enemy, she having been
chartered for the Japanese Government
for nine months from March 12.

She made voyages only between Jap-
anese ports, and utilized all the advantages
that were to be gained from sailing in the
enemy's sea. The court also declares
that the sinking of the Thea and the con-
fiscation of her cargo, consisting of guano
and fat, were quite just.

DOUSED MILKMAN WITH MILK.

| Frolicsome Couple Locked Up—One Says

“I think that's it," be said. The police |

entered the house and went from flat to
flat. There was not an Italian in the place,
and the truthful Angelo had said that
the kidnappers were Italians. It was then
after 3o0'clock in the morning, so the party
went back to Brooklyn, where Cucozza
was locked up for the night in the Amity
Street station.

He was arraigned in the Butler street
police station yesterday morning. Before
he was taken to court, Capt. Mooney gave
him a touch of the third degree, and Cucozza
described the woman and one of the men.
The woman was short and stout. One
of the men was fat, short and very dark.
He couldn't remember much about the
woman, Cucozza was charged with kid-
napping and remanded to the custody of
the officers,

Giuseppe Sigretto, Mannino’s partner,
begged for a few minutes alone with the
prisoner, Sigretto offered him $100 and
& return ticket to Italy, out of harm's way,
if he would tell the truth. Cucozza scorned
the gold, but kind words brought another
remarkable story. Two men had met him
fn Brooklyn and offered him §2 if he would
spirit Antonio away to Manhattan. When
the boys landed in New York, a mysterious
Stranger came up behind them and told
Cucezza totakea certain car. After atime
the voice from behind told him to get off.
Then, obeying the voice, he walked many
blocks and took another car, then walked
again, and so on until he reached an Italian
silting on a barrel by a grocery store. This
man led the boys to a tenement house and
walked them ahead of him to the top floor.
Thera they met the man and woman of
Mystery. Cucozza asked for his $2, but
they thrust him out of doors. There a
man took him to a car, put him on it and
threatened his life if he told anything.
They kept young Antonio.

Capt. Mooney, Mannino, Sigretto, the
prisoner and three detectives started again
for New York, They were gone until 7
o'clock in the evening. Excitement grew
in the Italian colony. At half past 5 the
Postman delivered a letter at the Mannino
home addressed, Italian fashion, to “Man-
nino Vincenzo.” Mrs. Mannino opened
it, This is a free translation of the con-
tents

“Your boy is all right. Everything is
‘ell if you keep the police off. Otherwise
H will go hard with you. You will have
another letter,”

To disguise the hand, both letter and ad-
Gress are in print instead of script. The
Italian is crude, uneducated and ungram-
matical. This letter was postmarked at
the General Post Office of Brooklyn and was
Teerived at 2:30. Cucozza could not have
Mailed it, as he had been in custody since
12:40 that morning.

Once in Manhattan, Cucozza led the de-
tectives another chase. Beginning near the
,attery he zigzagged all over lower Man-

attan. He was doing this, he said, to fol-
low his course of the night before. It was
nearly 5 o'clock, and the detectives were
losing patience, when he landed again on
Thirty-ninth street near First avenue

|

He's Busy Spending 850,000.

Two young men amused _ themselves

hugely last night on Seventh avenue, be-
tween 124th and 125th streets, by pour-
ing milk on the head of Joseph Gilbert
out of Gilbert's own can, He is a milk-
man, and met the frolicsome pair while
he was carrying milk to a customer.
A policeman rescued the milkman and
vaatotad the jokers to the West 125th street
lice station, where they were locked up.
ne said he was Leo Kingsley of 233 West
135th street. The other gave the name of
William Hagencamp of 359 West 122d strapt.
“I've spent $10,000 in the past year,”
said Hagencamp to the sergeant. I've
got $40,000 more and I'm going to have
one hell of a time before it is burnt up.”
Bondsmen were sent for and presently
arrived. One, who gave the name of Daniel
T. Webster of 449 West 128d street, bailed
out Hagencamp in the sum of $500 and said
to the sergeant:
“I'm a lineal descendant of Daniel Web-
ster, the only Dan, and it's something I’m
mighty proud of, if somebody should happen
to drive up and ask you.”
Kingsley got liberty through John J.
Flynn of 238 West 150th street. Flynn
had the money, but he made no boast of
ancestry.
POETBY IN THE PARK.
Poliec Sergeant Had His Doubts When
Dolitzky Preved Title.

Patrolman Charles A. Heckler of the
Madison street police atation found a bundle
of Yiddish booke on a bench in the William
H. Seward Park early yesterday morning
and took them to the station house, where
he turned them over to Sergeant Thomas
McCormack. Later in the day the books
were claimed by M. Dolitzky of 155 East
Broadway, the Yiddish poet of the Kast
Side. He said the books were editions of
epic poeme by himself, called “Shire Mena-
hem,” “Hah Aloim Weshevrow” and “Ne-
ginoth Sefarth Zion.”

“Do you call that poetry?” asked the
sergeant.

The Weather.

Cloudy weather with frequent showers and
thunderstorms prevailed over all the country cast
of the Mississipp! yesterday. Fair weather settled
over the States between the Mississippi River and
Rocky Mountains. The low pressure area was
being squeezed out from the Lake regions Into
Canada by an area of high pressure coming down
over Minnesota.

It was warmer in nearly all places, only here
and there In a few local spots was It slightly cooler.

In this city the day was cloudy and showery,
with a thunderstorm in the afternoon; wind, fresh
northerly to easterly; average humidity, 86 per
cent.; barometer, corrected to read to sea level,
at 8 A. M., 30.30; 8 P. M., 30.21.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, is shown In the annexed
table:

OA.M.. ..
12 M.... .

P.M... .76' *\12 Mid...

The highest temperature, 49° at 2 P. M.
WASHINGTON PORECAST FOR TO-DAY AN® TO-MORROW

For castern New York, showers to-day and coo er
in south portion, fair and warmer to-morrow, fresh
west winds,

For the District of Coumbla, eastern nn-
sylvania, New Jersey, Delaware and Mert
showers and cooler to-day; fair and warmeF ‘to
morrow; fresh west winds.

For western Pennsylvania and western New
York, showers followed by fair to-day; fair and
warmer to-morrow; winds shifting to fresh south
east.

For New England, showers to-day and cooler
on the south coast; fair and warmer to morrow;
fresh west winds. :

WEAT BUT LITTLE BIGHER,

INDEPENDENT DEALERS PUT UP
PRICES HALF A CENT.

But the Trust Concerns and the Retailers
Make No Change—One Little Row
to Mark the First Day of the Strike
—Union Men Reluctant to Quit Work.

The influence of walking delegates over
the men who belong to the labor unions
was shown yesterday morning when more
than three thousand men, without the
slightest shadow of a grievance, reluc-
tantly walked away from their jobs in the
wholesale meat and packing houses in this
city and began the second strike of the
summer,

An advertised, the strike went into effect
at 8o'clock. It wasnot unanimous, for some
of the men refused to obey the ordera of
the delegates. Practically all of the 285
men who are called ship luggers, and
who load meat aboard the steamships,
refused to quit work.

As told in THE SUN yesterday, there is no
likelihood of a shortage in the meat supply
in this city because of the strike, and,
according to the packers themselves, there
will be no excuse for an increase in prices.
Some of the independent wholesale dealers
who are affected by the strike, did, however
put up beef prices half a cent a pound,
but in the lager packing houses and in all
the retail markets the prices remained the
same,

In all the so-called trust concerns on
First avenue on which the union has de-
olared war, work went on yesterday as usual
and there was no material curtailment
of the output of dressed beef.

Save for a five minutes scrimmage last
night between a group of strikers and the
non-union men who have taken their places,
there was nothing in that district to indi-
cate that a strike was ip progress except
the presence of about fifty cops.

The one fight of the day was on the water
front and was all over before the cops got
there. Two hundred non-union men who
are to go to work this morning for the
Schwarzschild & Sulzberger Com ri
were taken up the East River yestely

afternoon on the tug De Witt and trans-
ferred to a lighter tied up at the company's
dock.

The men spent the night on the lighter
and will live there till the trouble is over.
A crowd of union men who worked yester-
day to clean up before joining the strikers
were on the dock as the men came aboard

the lighter.

The union men, who had just finished
their day's work, began to throw stones
at the men on the lighter. Then some of
them tried to board the craft and there were
half a dozen fist fights on the end of the
pler. But the strikers were outnumbered
and were driven off. Nobody was nurt
and there were no arrests.

Policemen were sent out on some of the
ment vans to protect the non-union drivers,
but they had no occasion to do anything.
Some drivers were overtaken by the strikers
several blocks away from the markets
and induced to throw up their jobs and
desert their teams, but the employers had
provided for just such an emergency by
sending out spare drivers to trail the
wagons,

A significant fact of the day was that
the United Dressed Beef Company , Schwarz-
schild & Sulzberger and all the companies
against which the strike is directed kept
on buying cattle yesterday for immediate
delivery.

“The strike,” said an officer of the United
Dressed Beef Company, “has hardly caused
a ripple on the routine of our business
and in a day or two wewill be running here
as smocthly as ever, Under NOTE SOBRe
ditions we employ forty skilled butchers
on the killing floor. alt of our butchers
struck this morning, but we began the
day's work with thirty men killing.

“We usually kill 500 head of cattle a day.
To-day we have killed about 350. To-
morrow we will have ten more skilled
butchers at work and get back to our
average output. In all other departments
we have filled the places of all the strikers
and turned away applicants for jobs. None
of our foremen struck and most of the
work is so simple that they can make ex-

rts out of the new hands in about twenty-
our hours,

“As to the effect on the public, there is
nothing to fear on account of supply or
prices, Every concern on this avenue
could stop killing for two weeks and the
city would still have enough meat to eat,
for there is a big reserve supply on hand,
and if necessary we can get dressed beef
from the West.

“The present range of prices shows
better than anything else how ineffective
this strike is going to be. We are selling
beef to-day, the first day of a general strike,
at from 5'%4 to 94 cents a pound, according
to quality. In July, when the first strike
of the year was on, the range in prices was
from 8 to 914 cents.

“The difference, however, is not due in
any way to labor conditions.
orices of to-day are for grass fed cattle.
That grade of stock was not available in
July, when we had nothing on the market
but corn fed cattle. In August, 1902, when
there was no strike, we got 12 cents for the
same quality of goods that we are now
selling for 9, so it is very evident that
any talk of famine prices because of the
present strike is all nonsense.”

Manager Weil of Schwarzschild & Sulz-
berger Sanicd the strikers’ charge that the
emarers had resorted to bribery.

“They took advantage of the twenty
four hours notice we gave them,” said
Chairman John Kennedy of the strikers’
advisory board, “and went to all our men
yesterday and tried to bribe them into dis-
obeying the strike order. They offered
some of the men life jobs to stay at work,
In some cases they offered bonuses of
$1,000.”

“The only foundation for that,” said Mr.
Weil, when told of the accusation, “is that I
pro all our men that they would
receive their present wages if they would
remain at work. That caused many of
them to hesitate, for their wages are good
and they did not want to quit.

A meeting of the strikers yesterday
morning was addressed by the national
secretary, Call, who urged the men not
to go back until they could go in a body

|
|

|
|
|

; two months ago, has been declared off, |

| from 32,000

| employers, but all on an open shop basis,

The low }

| got back, but there are about four hundred
| of the cutters for whom there is no room,

| Railroad Commissioners will give a hearing

! lier of New Rochelle against the New York,

| pany.

after winning their fight, and told them |

that of the 38,000 men on strike in the West
only two had returned to work.

The firemen employed in the butcher
houses have agreed to begin a sympa-
thetic strike to-day, and the coopers, en-
gineers and machinists are considering the
same thing.

ANOTHER MOVE FOR PEACE.

Committee Named to Call on Chicago Meat
Packers to Talk Compromise.

Cx10aG0, Aug. 10.—For the first time since
the supposed cessation of the war between
the packers and butcher workmen and
allied trades on July 23 occurred, peace
negotiations were started to-day. The
activity of the teamsters in cutting off
supplies from retail markets forced the
Retail Butchers and Grocers’ Association
to-day to begin a peace move. The mem-
bers declared the strike was ruining their
business and should be ended.

A conference was held this afternoon
by President Donnelly, George Golden,
business agent of the packing house team-
sters, the Retail Market Drivers’ Union and
the Retail Butchers and Grocers’ Associa-
tion to talk over the possibility of ending
the strike at the stock vards. A committee
was appointed to call on the packers to-
morrow,

While the efforts at peace came from one
side and the attitude of the packers is not
known, hopes were expressed to-night that
something definite might be accomplished
to-morrow. lt wae said that both parties
to the dispute were in a receptive mood and
if their representatives were brought to-

7 o weg +e = sey ’

ce c GS
Not THURSDAY, AUGUST 11TH.

Men’s Summer Scarfs

Of French Grenadines, Crapes and Summer Silks in 24-inch
FRENCH FOUR-IN-HANDS. Regularly sold at $1.00 each

35¢
(Three for $1.00.)

roadway cK 19th Street

gether a common ground for settlement
might be found, Meantime President
Samuel Gompers of the American Federa-
tion of Labor was summoned from New
York, He will arrive on Sunday morning.

Disorder connected with efforts of stock
vards strikers to block deliveries from cold
storage warehouses took place to-day.
Two wagons were attacked by strike sym-
pathizers, the vehicles overturned and the
contents thrown about the streets.

The milk wagon drivers to-day declared
they would not deliver milk to retailers
handling meat from the big packers.

LOCKOUT TO AFFECT 25,000 MEN.

So the Employers Figure—No More Strikes
Yet Ordered.

The efforts of the Building Trades Alliance
to stop all work on the Trinity Building
failed yesterday. The elevator construc-
tors, who had goneon strike a second time,
returned to work,

According to the Building Trades Alliance
this is the only strike on hand except those
in the subway. After the committee of the
alliance was turned down in its proposals
by General Contractor John B, McDonald
on Wednesday there were threats of atrikes
everywhere in reprisal. The alliance after
meeting for three hours at Brevoort Hall
yesterday reported that no new strikes were
ordered.

James J. Daly, chairman of the press
committee, made the following statement:

“Our meeting was taken up principally
in discussing the effect of the lockout on
the public schools. We hold that as far as
the schools are concerned it is up to the
employers. As soon as the lockout is de-
clared off we will furnish the men to the
achdols.”

Daly also said that the emergency com-
mittee of the employers’ association was
raising the lockout on some private con-
tracts. The alliance was trying to find
them out in order to order strikes on these
contracts, he said,

1

POPS AND DEMOCRATS FUSE,

AGREEMENT ON STATE OFFICERS
IN NEBRASKA,

Each to Run Separate Electors, Thereby
Giving the State to Roosevelt—Tom
Watson Calls Parker Men Republicans
—Says Bryan Is a Lump of Sugar.

LiIncotn, Neb., Aug. 10.—At midnight
the Populist convention nominated George
W. Berge of Lincoln for Governor, a choice
which was immediately ratified by the
Democrats. Conference committees will

‘| delay the naming of the remainder of the
ticket.

After a hitter fight the Populist con-
vention by a vote of 410 to 284 agreed to
fuse with the Democrats. The Pops got
the Governor, Auditor, School Superin-
tendent and Land Commissioner, giving

| the Democrats Lieutenant-Governor, Sec-
retary of State and Attorney-General.

Notice was given on the floor of the con-
vention that the mid-roaders would bolt
and hold another State convention to-
morrow.

Nevertheless at a late hour the Road
convention voted to fuse by 410 to 284.

Only a small and noisy minority of the
Populists are kicking on cooperating with
Parker Democrats. It has been agreed
that no effort shall be made to fuse on
electors. Neither the Parker Democrats
nor the mid-road Populists will consent to
this, both promising a bolt if a conglomerate
ticket of electors is put before the State.
Nebraska will, therefore, be abandoned to
Roosevelt.

Tom Watson opened the Populist national
campaign this afternoon in a three hours
speech to the State convention. He said
that Roosevelt represented a type of man
admirable enough in private, but in public
life inimical to the best interests of a govern-
ment of the people. He characterized
Parker as a man representing the higher
type of American citizen, but said he must

Lewig Harding,{chairman of the press
committee of the Building Trades Em-
ployers’ Association, said last evening that
the returns showed that the following had
been locked out:
Carpenters ;
Electrical workers
Metal lathers
Plumbers...
Plasterers
Tile layers. .

after the number of strikers had dwindled
to 5,000, The strikers have

made individual agreements with the

New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-

Messrs. Bowles and Cole complain that

the company has taken off certain trains

which operated between Forty-second |
street and New Rochelle, to the inconven-

ience of the public. The complaint of Mr.

Cuvillier is that the service on the road

from New York city to New Rochelle is 80

inadequate that passengers are frequently

required to ride in the baggage car of a

train.

New RocHeE..e, Aug. 10.—The New
Rochelle Board of Trade ea called a public
meeting of commuters for to-morrow night
to take some action to compel the New
Haven Railroad Company and the Huckle-
berry trolley company to furnish better
service for the people of thia city. _A meet-
ing has also been called by the Yonkers
Business Men's Association for to-morrow
night to protest against the overcrowding
of the trolley cars.

President Mellen of the New Haven
railroad, in response to the demands of
the Mount Vernon Aldermen, has an-
nounced that he may restore the 10:30
P, M. train out of the Grand Central Station
and add an early morning train so that the
commuters will not have to take the trolley
cars to New York.

BEGINS.

VICAR-GENERAL FOX HONORED.
Pope Pius X. Makes the Trenton, N. J,
Prelate a Monsignor.

Pope Pius X. has elevated Vicar-General
Fox of Trenton,N. J., to the dignity of a
Domestic Prelate of the First Class with
the privilege of weer g the lochet. Some
time ago Bishop McFaul requested the
Zo He to confer this horor upon the priest
and the Papal rescript has just arrived,
Father Fox's ecciesiastical title now is |
the Right Rev. Mgr. John H. Fox, V.-G

The reasons for granting the distince-
tion to the rector of the cathedral are hie
intellectual gifts as well as vhia zealous
Jabors for the promotion of religion and
morality in the diocese of Trenton. Af
soon as the purple cassock and mantelletta
are ready a day will be selected for the in-
vestiture of Mgr. Fox

be judged by his environments, by the men
who manage his campaign and collect his

Watson made savage attacks upon Olney,

: ieee ‘ Carlisle, Gorman and Belmont, as sponsors
Tolabrcsts - 9.282 | of Parker, but representing evil forces in
cent. of our members,” he added, “and in-
cluding helpers it is safe to say that 25,000 | He also attacked Bryan. He said there
or more will be idle.” + Was no need of two Republican parties in

h ion. He di ri j
offered to aid in the fight, Mr. Harding said, une AReon 0 .did) NOU expect (0 Win vhs
but as some of its members work under his 3
the open shop plan it cannot cooperate in | Party a recruiting station for 1908. On

: account of physical weakness, Watson was
from a Brooklyn contractor who is an in- | compelled to deliver tle last of his speech
dividual member of the Building Trades P
Employers’ Association enclosing senenee | Mr. Bryan dominates the Democratic
era by the Brooklyn plumbers’ union and gathering. He will force his reorganization
asking for advice. | scheme into the platform and will make

The present wages of union plumbers
A sharp controversy was precipitated

; y . 9, 7c , 4
ReaD eee Boer rem nue pict $5 with the Parker men. The latter insisted
aday. They also demand one boy for each | that the indorsement for Parker and the
e closed for seven years. strong.or there would bea fight led by Judge

“That is to say,” said Mr. Harding, re- z ; LANA
ferring to the last demand, “that no em- Oldham, who nominated Bryan at Kansas
City in 1900.
or seven years.”

; ; + > over the Democratic convention. He
GARMENT WORKERS’ STRIKE OFF. | ),, God Judge Parker very highly in his
Open Shop Stands—More Than 81,500,000 | @ddress to the convention.

The strike of the United Garment Workers | De eee ia ruct aes antes gas
against the open shop, which began about Sa CIAl Ganatdathy CHa will” Da atl Ghee
committees will divide the remainder of

the ticket.

Mr. Bryan addressed the Democratic
though in many cases all the men taken

report of the St. Louis convention. He said
at The wakiennt rks of the Myer bubeaL he was satisfied with the platform, although
anid aaL evening! BeOCA ED othier8 it did not contain all he wanted. He had
precisely the same conditions which had | the platform did not contain a number of
existed before they struck. All the tailors } things he did not want. He advised sup-
port of Parker, saying that while Parker
cutters. About twelve hundred of the | not represent more than did Roosevelt.
cutters struck or DANY ; | He promised to take up his fight for reor-
It is estimated that the strikers have lost | ganization, whether Parker won or lost.
t t i
hrough the strike, over Watson's attack on Bryan because
INADEQUATE TRAIN SERVICE. the latter swung in line for Parker.
Watson compared him unfavorably with
New Rochelle Against New Haven Road. | as a jump of sugar dissolving under the
ALBANY, Aug. 10.—The State Board of | first touch of water.

The Democratic platform reaffirms the
ment in New York city, on the complaints | approves the St. Louis convention, and
of C. M. Bowles, A. A. Cole and Louis Cuvil- | pledges hearty support to Parker and Davis.

It points with pride to Bryan's record and
devotion to Democratic principles.”

It also contains the Missouri planks on
obbying and passes,

Speaker Cannon and Congressman Little-
field Start It for Republicans.

BurRLINGTON, Vt., Aug. 10.—The Re-
here to-day, Speaker J. G. Cannon giving
the principal speech of the afternoon.
He outlined the history of the Republican
not on sentiment, but as one which had al-
ways stood for f om,

Speaker Cannon referred to Judge Parker's

that Judge Parker was _ between

the devil and the deep sea, the New York
Democrats being likened to the devil and
sea. e said that in the now famous tele-
ram Judge Parker did not say he was in

‘avor of maintaining the present currency

that Judge Parker voted for Bryan.

Speaker Cannon also referred to Presi-
dent Roosevelt's attitude on labor ques-
of the President in inviting Mitchell and
Sergent to the White House and asked
if Judge Parker would close the doors of
if he should be elected.

“What one of you,” he asked, “would,
if you had almighty power, take the army
of the President in making the treaty with
Panama; wipe out the action of Congress
in setting the machinery in motion which

Resolved: That Root Is the Man.

The Republican Club of the Thirty-
firat Assembly district met last night at
tion indorsing Elihu Root as the proper
Republican candidate for Governor, An-
other resolution was to fight Leader Stras-

campaign funds.
‘We have only heard yeu trom 60 per public life, the corrupting corporations.
The Employers’ Teenie of Brooklyn has
t, year, but he intended to make the Populist
any effective way. A letter was received
from a chair.
which had been sent to all the master plumb-

} : * . .

! public ownership of railroads ite chief ‘
are $4.50 a day, but the Brooklyn plumbers Le Z P a8 its Oni6! PANE
journeyman and that the book for helpers | national platform must be clean cut and

loyer shall take on any new apprentices

George L. Loomis of Dodge presided
In Wages Lost. Former Senator Allen is presiding over
indorsed by the Democrats. Conference
convention. He said he came to make his
back were and will remain union men.

“The strikera returned to work under | fought for a number of things he got, and
as we educated that number of men to be | did not represent all he stood for, he did
between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000 in wages , Democrats are much incensed to-night
Hearing to Be Given on Complaints From | Jefferson and Jackson, and referred to him
on Tuesday, Aug. 23, at its branch aepart- | democracy of Jefferson, Jackson and Bryan,

expresses appreciation of his “steadfast
VERMONT CAMPAIGN

publican campaign was opened in Vermont
party, saying that it was a party founded
Looe nt to the St. Louis convention. He
Bai

the Bryan faction of the party to the deep
system. He said that votes counted and
tions. He said that he indorsed the action
the White House to any decent citizen
from the Philippines; wipe out the action
will marry the Atlantic and the Pacific?”
820 Lenox avenue and adopted a_ resolu-
-tourger at the primaries.

ake & Company

Broadway, 339 to 34th Street.

Single and Double Breasted
Suits for Men

At $11.00.

Formerly $15.00, $18.00 and $20.00
Wikk CQME TQ A CLOSE QN SATURRAY.

The collection still affords a very satisfactory as-
sortment of styles and sizes in two and three gar-
ment suits of various fabrics in mixtures suitable
for Summer and early Fall service, and a limited
quantity of black and blue suits of various fabrics.

FOR THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
IMPORTANT. SPECIAL OFFERINGS

In Furnishings for Men.

High Grade Leather Belts, in tan, black and
brown, with brass, oxidized, black or nickel
buckles.

Value 50c. At 35c¢

Suspenders of Silk Webbing, fine plated
buckles, choice assortment of colors,
Value $1.00. At 50c

Fine Summer Neckwear, embroidered in col-
ors and plain Jacquarded fabrics in white;
also Summer Foulards in four-in-hand and

folded square shapes.
Value 50c. At 25¢

Negligee Shirts for Men, of fine Madras
Cloth in dark and medium effects—a very
fair assortment with attached cuffs—but the

greater part made with separate cuffs.
Value $1.50 and $2. Ss

FOR THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
WE WILL CONTINUE

Shoes

Tan Lace Shoes and Oxfords, also Patent
Leather and Calf Oxfords, heretofore sold at
$3.50 a pair At §.75

Tan Shoes and Patent Leather Oxfords,
heretofore sold at $5.00 and $6.00 a
pair At $2.75

WET FIRE.

ODELL ASSURES CORTELYOU
That

if State Committeemen's Reports
Are True Prospects Are Good.

The conference which Governor-Chair-
man Odell and Chairman Cortelyou of the
Republican national committee had prom-

Alarm From Roosevelt Hospital Box
Soaks Many Uniforms,

A Chinaman known as Henry On fiip-
flopped out of his laundry in 345 West Fifty-
2 ninth street about 9 o’cl

ised themselves since the beginning of the pane eealion ithe 9 oc Patches
week took place yesterday. It lasted for | tracks making a noise like six dozen new-
more than an hour, and at its close all that | jaiqd eggs. Smoke rolling out of his
either would say directly was that they had | gtorg told the blockaded motormen

|

|

|

discussed plans for the conduct of the} what was the matter

: ay : : , and presently a

State campaign Afterward it was learned | firg aiarm from the Roosevelt Hospital box

that Mr. Odell had explained to Mr. Cortel- } ht s f th recin

you the nature of the reports he has been | Prought reserves from fthreea Pp bo

receiving for the last ten days from State | Chief Croker came on the second alarm.
Six lines of hose run into the basement

committeemen and had stated that if the
reports could be relied on there was a splen- | drowned out the fire, which did about $500
did prospect for Republican success, espe- ; damage and didn’t get above the first floor.
cially as the canvass made by the State Meanwhile the negro dwellers in the
committee members went to show that | tenements above@he laundry had debouched
only a very small percentage of the Gold | into the street to the number of a hundred
Democrats would leave the Republican | or more and there was only one person left

She was Mrs. Lewis of the top

ranks. The Governor-Chairman was told

that the running of the State campaign | floor, who was sick in bed. Policeman
would be left entirely in his hands without | Wall waived the recognized form and
interference by the national executive | merely led her down stairs by the hand.
committee. Any plans for the State that | The rain fell in buckets on the reserves
the committee may desire to be carried out | and there never were wetter cops.
will be sent to Mr, Odell in the form of sug- cee
gestions.

Although the meeting to be held to-day
of the Republican State committee is sup-
posed to have been called only to fix the date
and place of the State convention, there will
be something said about candidates for Gov-
ernor. Mr. Odell said last night that it
was quite probable thajin the conferences
which would follow the formalities of the
meeting a sentiment might develop which
would point to the selection of someone

to rescue.

BETH ISRAEL HEAD NURSE GOES.

Friction With Trustees Over Graduations
Said to Be the Reason,

Miss Mabel Montgomery, head nurse at
the Beth Israel] Hospital, Jefferson and
Cherry streets, has offered her resignation
to the board of directors, to take effect soon.
At the hospital last night Miss Montgomery
candidate. | refused to make any statement in regard

“Elihu Root?” was asked. [No answer.] | tO her reasons
s It is intimated that the resignation is the

BROOKLYN BAR FOR CULLEN, | Tesult of differences with the directors at

(ES the time of the examination of candidates

Association Indorses Him and Werner | for graduation from the training school for
for Court of Appeals.

nurses connected with the hospital. It
A special meeting of the Brooklyn Bar

ras gale at the time that the directors in-
Pore ; sist on passing two ¢

Association, held yesterday morning in the | a & andidates whem
Law Library, County Court House, to take

Miss Montgomery reported as not having
" L ce | come up to the requirements of the school.

action on the vacancies to be filled this |

fall in the Court of Appeals, was attended

by most of the lawyers who are in town. POPS TO HAVE A STATE TICKET.

Frank Harvey Field, a leading Republi- | May Nominate the Rev. Dr. Howard Cros-
en who i fe the head of the Citizens’ | by's Son for Governor.

Tnion in the last campaign, vice-president : iAnaet “
of the association, reac in the absence of | After the notific ation of Thomas E. Wat-
Col. James D. Bell, the president. | son and Thomas Tibbles, the Populist can-

Resolutions were adopted advocating didates fi r President and Vice-President,
the nomination by both parties of Edgar | '% Cooper Union on Aug. 18, the Peoples
F. Cullen for Chief Judge and William E, | party, will put a State ticket in the feild
Werner as Associate Judge of the Court of | 1" order to have a separate column on the
Appeals. A copy of the resolutions will ballot sheet. The candidate for Governor
be sent to the judiciary conventions. | will be either Ernest H. Crosby or Con-

It is expected that before the resolutions | 8’essman Robert Baker.
are forwarded to the conventions, the |
names of many members of the Bar Associ- |
ation will be attached. |

Inspect Harbor Improvements.

Four members of the Congress sub-
committee of the Rivers and Harbors Com-
| mittee, with their chairman, Congressman
| Thomas E, Burton of Ohio, inspected yes-

terday the improvements under way in the
é r tion, | harbor. They went on the lighthouse
but after a heated debate, in which, it is | tender Mistletoe down to the Ambrose
said, chairs filled the air— without, however, |} channel which the big Credges are cutting
landing—adjournment was taken until | out of the bottom of the lower bay, and

Montana Populists tn Discord,
HEuENA, Mon., Aug. 10.—The Populist
executive committee met here late yester-
day to fix a date for the State convention,

Tuesday at Butte, The trouble arose over | visited in turn the sea wall at Bay Ridge
the question of a meeting place. and the Governors Island extension.

Look for the

on every bottle of

Jondonderry

LITHIA WATER
Still and sparkling.

Label

and avoid substitutes.

eT oe eee

a en ene