and courage; it took up the examina-
tion of the Dreyfus case in earnest, and
it dared to challenge the intrusion of
religious corporations into national poli-
tics. It was believed at the time that
the “Law of Associations” passed by
the National Assembly went further
than M. Wa.LpEcg-RovasEav wished,
and that his disinclination to enforce
that law, even in the moderate spirit
that seems to have been first intended,
led to his resignation.

His illness was at first thought to be a
diplomatic excuse. It turned out to be
a serious fact, and France is bereft of a
capable and patriotic citizen, whom she
will find it hard to do without in these
times of internal trouble.

i eae Ngee ce

THURSDAY

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second-
Class Mall Matter.

 

Roosevelt and Fairbanks.

The campaign is nowon. Both parties
and both candidates have spoken.

On the one side, a conservative party
with a radically inclined and erstwhile
too strenuous candidate for President;
and behind him, for the Vice-Presidency,
a man of undoubted capacity, sound
opinions and mental and physical prom-
ise of endurance.

On the other side a radical party, with
an infinite capacity for mischief and a
stupendous record of mischief actually
accomplished, presenting for President
@ conservatively inclined candidate of
frreproachable character and attractive
personal accomplishments; and for Vice-
President one whose extreme age is the
sole but sufficient reason for apprehen-
gion in case of his succession to the
Presidency.

Such is the choice before the inde-

Are These the Admirable Things?

Are these, perchance, some of the
features of the St. Louis platform which
Judge PARKER so enthusiastically ad-
mires?

1. The bold assertion of “liberty of
contract untrammelled by sumptuary
laws,” when the country was waiting for
a declaration of the Democratic party's
views on liberty of contract untrame
melled by the illegal interference of or-
ganized tyranny.

2. The fearless declaration that “the
rights of labor are certainly no less
‘vested,’ no less ‘sacred’ and no less ‘un-
alienable’ than the rights of capital,”

 
 

}
i
Fy
tT
}
|
ai |
|
i

TTS

nn ara,

Sea

se teeta

are

Neen enema aan ea.

pte ate ee Ter an ne

pendent voter, and it is the independent
voter who will decide this election.

He cannot take Judge ParKER on the
Republican platform and record. He
cannot reject Mr. ROOSEVELT without
beckoning to the distant Huns; without
helping to open the gates of power to
political forces of unmeasured destruo-
tive potentiality. It seems better to
maintain unbroken tho wall of defence
which the first election of MCKINLEY
established.

Two things might have happened to
make the choice of 1904 a choice between
{ndividuals rather than between parties
standing on their respective records.
Neither of the two things has happened.
The first opportunity was deliberately
avoided by the compromising tricksters
at St. Louis. The second was deliberately
thrown away at Rosemount yesterday.
Barring Judge PARKER'S gold telegram
of 1904, offsetting in some degree his two
free silver votes for Bryan in 1896 and
1900, and barring a politio anti-second
term pledge which might have been
made, perhaps, more gracefully in an
inaugural address after election, nothing
has come from Judge PARKER'S lips or
pen to indicate that he possesses a single
political idea marking him as a states-
man of independent initiative, of cour-
age superior to the St. Louis brand, of
gtature to command and lead. With the
¢wo exceptions noted, he is an echo of
the convention, and naught beside, He
fs yet the unknown quantity that he
was throughout tha preliminary period
of ailence prescribed by judicial dignity.
Instead of rising above the platform
Judge PaRkER has crawled pretty ig-
nominiously beneath it, in our reluc-
tantly expressed opinion. He himself
has decreed that the choice of the
independents shall be one of parties
and records and principles, rather than
of men.

To state THE SuUN’s position and its
reasons therefor requires no metaphysi-
cal subtlety of explanation. The main
consideration is as broad as the nation's
interests. As the case is now made up,
we prefer the impulsive candidate of
the party of conservatism to the mildly
conservative, temporizing, opportunist
representative of the Min vote in the
background. We have more faith in
the distinct promises of the Chicago
platform, not ignoring the many serious
defects of that document, than we have
in the miserable hell-broth of dishwater
and dynamite conoooted at St. Louis a
month ago by a party afraid to renounce
its criminal follies, and tasted yesterday
at Esopus by a respectable candidate
who declares with gusto that its flavor
{se admirable!

We shall therefore advocate the elec-
tion of ROOSEVELT and FAIRBANKS and
advise the defeat of Parker and Davis;
preserving our own absolute independ-
ence of organic control, and our freedom
of judgment as to every specific ques-
tion occurring. And may the Hon,
THEODORE ROOSEYELT’S present mood
continue, and if he is elected may the
Discourager of Precipitancy stand al-
ways at his elbow!

In the politics of the Empire State, so
far as they concern State matters, we
shall support the candidate, whatever
may be the partisan designation of his
ticket, who seems to us the more likely
to give the people of New York the hon-
est and competent administration their
public affairs so grievously need and to
wipe out the shame and evil of existing
grocery conditions at Albany.

 

M, Waldeck-Rousseau.

The death of M. WALDECK-RovUssEAU
fg a loss to French Republicans greater
than that of any other single man
could be. The Prime Minister or the
President might easily be replaced, but
the dead statesman possessed the con-
fidence of the French people in a peculiar
degree. The belief in his moderation
helped every Cabinet to which he be-
longed and made possible that combina-
tion of Republicans and Socialists that
now has control in France. The alarm
of the middle classes at the name “So-
cialist” was quieted by the thought that
WALDECK-RovussEav could hold any rev-
olutionary efforts in check.

He was a practising lawyer of high
distinction, a type of man less common
in French than in American politics.

  

when what was needed was to know
whether the party and its candidate
regard as equally important the enforce-
ment of the laws against lawbreaking
labor and lawbreaking capital.

3. The unqualified approval of the
movement to restrict by enactment, in
the interest of conspirators, the powers

of the Federal courts in injunctions and

punishment of contempt.

4. The square denunoiation of protece
tion in the language of the old free trad-
ers as “a robbery of the many to enrich
the few.”

5. The demand for the surrender of
territory now under American sover-
eignty and the American flag.

 

Can the President Go
Against Turkey ?

Let us assume that the Turkish Gov-
ernment will persist in withholding from
the United States privileges in the mat-
ter of schools, hospitals and charitable
institutions equal to those which are
granted to other Christian Powers. To
what extent can our Executive apply
coercion? Can President ROOSEVELT
order the squadron of cruisers under
Admiral JEWELL to occupy Smyrna or
any other Turkish port; or must he con-
fine himself to a recall of our Minister
from Constantinople?

It will scarcely be denied that the oc-
cupation of Smyrna would be an act of
war; and it is certain that the Constitu-
tution (Article I., Section 8, Clause 11)
gives the power of declaring war, not to
the Executive, but to Congress. Does
it follow that, if the United States, or
citizens thereof, be subjected to wrongs
or indignities or threatened therewith,

How Far

Ahe Executive head of the nation must

refrain from retaliation or resistance
until he shall have been authorized
thereto by Congress ?

There is no doubt that the war power
of the President comes to him by virtue
of the fact that he is made the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
of the United States and is charged with
“the faithful execution of the laws.”
In a civil war or one with a foreign
Power, or in the midst of great civil
commotion, the authority thus vested in
him and the duty thus imposed upon
him may lead to a vast and dangerous
exercise of power. During our civil
war President LINCOLN, in his military
capacity, wielded more personal power
than has any English-speaking ruler
since OLIVER CROMWELL. His power
has been described by Mr. BRYCE as
that of a dictator.

The assertion is made in STEVENS'S
“Sources of the Constitution of the
United States” that the President may
at any time force Congress into war.
The complicated relations with foreign
countries render it easy to bring about
a state of warfare. The nation being
once involved in a war, military law may
supersede civil law throughout the
territory affected by military or naval
operations; and wherever military law
obtains, the President, as Commander-
in-Chief, is absol Nobody now de-
nies that when Gen, TAYLOR was ordered
to move the troops under his command
across the river which up to that time
had been treated as the Western boun-
dary of Texas the President committed
an act of war against Mexico. The course
which our naval commanders were
ordered to take against Japan and
against Corea at the dates when those
countries are said to have been “opened”
to intercourse were calculated on their
face to involve us in warfare.

The truth is that the Executive power
is elastic, because it is not defined by
the Constitution. The attempt made
by Chief Justice TANEY of the United
States Supreme Court to limit it, by
denying that the President had the power
to suspend the writ of Aabeas corpus,
was brought to naught by the defiance
of the Executive. President LINCOLN’s
Attorney-General advised him that it
was for the President alone to pronounce
upon the political considerations which
should determine in what cases a sus-
pension of the writ might take place,
and that the authority conferred upon
him by the Constitution was in no wise
affected by the powers with which the
Act of 1789 had invested the Federal
Judges. Congress has acquiesced in
the theory that under certain ciroum-
stances the President has discretionary
power. For instance, by the Act of
Feb. 28, 1795, not only was the President
authorized to call forth the militia of
the States in order to suppress insurrec-
tion or to repel invasion, but he himself
was to judge of the emergency. In view
of what Presidents have done, and of
the principle invoked by them to justify
such performances, there is a good
deal of foundation for the aasertion
attributed to a Chief Magistrate that
if a Napoleon ever became President
he could make the Executive almost

 

{ Congress, a President could employ the

military and naval forces of the United
States for the rescue of an American
legation if it were besieged, as was re-
cently the case with the American Lega-
tion at Pekin. Inferentially, he would
have a right to defend, or summarily to
avenge, a private American citizen who
should be the victim of violence. Would
he not also have the right to avert the
destruction of American property in
cases where a court of equity would
issue an injunction? It is, in a word,
impossible to say what a President
might not do in the way of embroiling
the United States with foreign countries.
No man has yet defined the war powers
or placed a limit on them.

While, however, we have but little
doubt that, without much straining of
precedents, our Executive might order
an occupation of Smyrna, we have no
reason to believe that Mr. ROOSEVELT
has any intention of making a parade
of our naval strength at the expense of
Turkey, whose navy is a laughing stock.
It would ill comport with our dignity to
break a butterfly upon the wheel.

 

The Causes of Defalcations.

The causes of defalcations by clerks
and other.employees in places where
embezzlement is possible are discussed
by presidents of surety companies in
the Insurance Press, and the large ex-
perience of such officers with all kinds of
employees entitles their opinions to high
consideration, for they are based on
Btatistics.

It is noteworthy, that in New York,
Boston and Cleveland, where these offi-
cers do not name speculation in stocks
and in cotton and grain as the most in-
fluential cause of the moral downfall
of clerks, they give to it the second place,
In New York, however, a cause which
is put as one of the most serious is not
mentioned by the surety companies of
the other cities. It is betting on horse-
races, A quarter of the defalcations
in New York which come under the ob-
servation of the president of the Ameri-
can Surety Company of this city are
said by him to be “traceable to betting
on horse racing.” At the South card
playing does themost harm. An officer
of a fidelity company of Boston reports
that there “horse racing does not cut
any great figure.” He names extrava-
gant expenditures on women as the
main cauge, and to speculation he gives
the second place. A peculiarly Boston
cause, as named by him, is “expensive
hobbies. ”

In all the cities intemperance is de-
scribed as a prolific cause of defalcations,
as it is also of business failures. But
the largest and widést range of mis-
chief, as the manager of a Cleveland
surety company finds, is done by:

“1. New York Stock Exchange;

“2. Chicago Board of Trade;

“3. New Orleans Cotton Market.”

These officers agree that not more
than a tenth of the defaulters deliber-
ately set out to defraud their employers ;
but, getting into a tight corner because of
their gambling, théy start by “borrow-
ing” the money; that is, they appropriate
it with the intention of returning it.

The evils caused by the prevalence
of the betting mania have induced cer-
tain large companies to forbid betting
on horseraces by their employees in
a circular to which we have before
referred.

Water Wagon Recipes.

The expert and dexterous “mixers”
of intoxicating and exhilarating strong
drinks are not to have the whole field to
themselves. No euch thing as mixed
temperance drinks? A fallacy of the
bibulous.

There is “grape juice punch,” made up
by boiling together a pound of sugar
and half a pint of water until it “spins a
thread.” Then, fo'lowing directions,
take from the fire, end when cool add
the juice of six lemons and a quart of
grape juice. Serve with plain water,
apollinaris or soda water.

There is the popular English temper-
ance drink, Jemon squash made a glass-
ful at atime. Allow to each glass the
juice of a large lemon, crushed loaf
sugar and a bottle of club soda. Mix
the lemon juice and sugar and put in
the soda, stirring with a long spoon.

There is “grape juice sherbet.” One
pint of unfermented grape juice; the
juice of a lemon and a tablespoonful
of gelatine, dissolved in boiling water

and the white of an egg. Mix; then
freeze.
There is the far-famed “Saratoga

cooler,” dear to the heart of every verita-
ble Prohibitionist, made—more’s the
pity!—in a large bar glass as follows:
One teaspoon of powdered white sugar,
juice of half a lemon, one bottle domestic
ginger ale and two lumps of Rockland
Lake or Maine ice, thoroughly mixed.

There is “grape juice nectar,” made of
the juice of two lemons and an orange,
one pint of grape juice, a cup of sugar
and a pint of water; to be served from
a punch bowl, with sliced lemons and
oranges added.

Any one who, with the existence of
these stimulating temperance beverages
brought clearly to his notice, persists in
declaring that there is no such thing as a
temperance “mixed drink” should be
made to drink highballs without ice.

The Secretary of State,

As it looked yesterday: OLNEY, or
Gray or perhaps even GROVER CLEVE-
LAND, in case of Judge PARKER'S elec-
tion.

As it looks to-day: Davip BENNETT
HILu of New York.

What has changed the prospect? The
new evidence which the speech of ac-
ceptance affords of Judge PARKER'S
admiration for the constructive states-
manship and political genius of his old
friend of Wolfert's Roost.

A Hi for a Hay!

 

THEODORE! with all thy faults——

 

One of our contemporaries says that the
only place in Africa bearing the name of
STANLEY is Stanley Pool in the Congo State.
This is not quite accurate, for 900 miles
further up the Congo is the lower end of a
long series of rapids and falls that have

Te ae

Tr} DA

long called Stanley Falls, but its name has
now been changed to Btanleyville.

The same newspaper thinks it unfortu-
nate that the British Government has not

*given to some prominent district in Uganda

the name of the man who first revealed to
the world the possibilities of that great
region. The fact is, however, that the Brit-
ish Government could not consistently do
so. The approved tendency, for years, has
been to retain native names wherever they
are found, and in densely peopled regions
like Uganda nearly every geographical
feature has a native name,

When STANLEY substituted for Mwutan
Lake, or Mwutan Nzige, the name Lake
Albert Edward Nyanvza, the name was per-
mitted to stand, though against the protest
of not afew geographers, because STANLEY
had thus honored a British Prince; but
when STANLEY undertook to change the
name of the Congo to the Livingstone River,
the world did not accept the alteration,
and Congo it remains.

 

Sagamore Hill has lost, for a few weeks
at least, its saffron jacket of distinction;
but Esopus, which continues to be a place
of first political importance, is not the first
of small towns to acquire a summer celeb-
rity as the home of a candidate during a
Presidential election, Esopus is nearly a
century old, Older in point of origin was
Kinderhook, in which Martin Van BUREN
resided, and to which pilgrimages of parti-
sans by stage coach, on horseback or in
carryall, to visit the Sage, were frequent
during the two Presidential elections in
which he was a candidate,

To many persons Canton is best known as
the place of residence of W1L1.14M MCKINLEY
during the contest of 1896, when it was vis-
ited by many thousands of pilgrims. R,B,
Hayes, during the Presidential election of
1876, was Governor of Ohio, and his official
residence was at Columbus; but his home
during the long canvass—Presidential cam-
paigns were longer then than they are
now--was in the small town of Fremont,
and to Fremont many delegations went in
the summer of that year. Soin the subse-
quent Presidential election many went to
Mentor in the same State, in which Gen,
fiARFIELD resided.

Winu1aM J. BRYAN received few visitors
at his home in Livcoln during the Preal-
dential contest of 1896, for the reason that
he was seldom there, making, during most
of the canvass, his disastrous *whirlwind
tour” of the country. Mr, CLEVELAND
lived in Albany during the Presidential
canvass of 1884, and BENJAMIN HARRISON
resided in Indianapolis during the Presi-
dential contest of 1883.

ED

HOW TO DEAL WITH HAMID.

Further Suggestions From an Old Friend
of the Sultan’s,

To Tar Eprron or THE Suy-—Sir: Without
wishing to be presumptuous, I would venture
to point out a course of action that might be
tuken in the dispute with Sultan Abdul Hamid
1l., to which none of the European Powers
could make objection and which, I believe,
would produce the best possible effect, Dow
and fora long time to come.

The American squadron should proceed
to Lembpos or Besika Bey, near the entrance
of the Dardanelles. The American Minister
ut Constantinople should then receive a lettor
of recall and proceed at once to join the
squadron after notifying the Porte (not the
Sultan) of his withdrawal. If it were possible,
one of the frieudly Powers might be asked to
allow the Minister to be carried on its station-
naire gunboat from Constantinople to the
aquadron, if it were not considered more
desirable to act entirely independently, Ar-
rived on board the Aduiral’s flagship, the
Minister should be at once invested with a
special commission as Ambassador Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary, or Ameri-
can Special Envoy and High Commissioner.
Through the Chargé d’Affaires left at Con-
stantinople on the Minister's withdrawal, an
application should be made to the Porte for
the issue of an imperial firman permitting
the passage through the Dardanelles to Con-
stantinople of the smallest vessel of the

\ squadron, currying the newly accredited
American representative to a special audience
with the Sultan, the disembarkation to be
marked by every possible ceremony, and the

question of the return to the ship or to the
American Legation to be determined by the
result of the interview.

For the temporary change in the status
of the Minister, there are precedents, | After
the Berlin Congress in 1878 the British Am-
bassador at Constantinople was recalled and
Mr., now Lord, Goschen was accredited by
the British Government to Turkey as High
Commissioner with special powers. If my
recollection is not at fault, the French Gov-
erpment raised their Minister at Athens, on
the ocenasion of the marriage of the Greek
Crown Prince to the sister of the German
Emperor, to the temporary rank of Ambassa-
dor for some special reason. The only ques-
tion that might arise in the present case
would be whether the emergency was grave
enough to justify the steps I have ventured
to suggest. Of that, of course, the Executive
is the judge.

It has been stated in Washington despatches
that Chekib Bey, whose status, by the way,
seems altogether anomalous, was eeatly
verturbed by his interview with Mr. Hay.
dis sovereign would, I believe, be still more
so if such A programme as I have set forth
were submitted to him, and he had only the
choice of consequences arising from is ac-
ceptance or rejection within a given time,
But whatever is done should be carried out
resolutely. There is no worse policy in dealing
with the Turk than shuffling. PERA.

New York, Aug. 10.

The Increasing Official Integrity.

Justice Devid J. Brewer of the U. S. Supreme Court
in the Independent.

After all, the surest guaranty is the growing earn-
estness of the demand for highest Integrity in all
official life. No one can compare generation with
gencration without being conscious of a wonderful
improvement. A few centuries ago a Judicial
decision meant favoritism, Still later it meant
corruption, and the great Lord Bacon could only
pléad the custom of the times in extenuation of
his misconduct. All that has passed away, and now
judicial corruption 1s 4 thing almost unknown,
Nor 1s official integrity confined to judicial life,
How very rare are the instances of fallure?’ Think
for one moment of the hundreds of thousands In
the employ of this Government, and only here and
there does one prove false to his trust. We hear
through the papers of cvery such instance, and are
sometimes alarmed thereby, but we seldom think
of the hundreds of thousands of those who are true
and of whom no mention is made.

More and more Js integrity In official life the rule.
And it is the rule because of the increasing Integrity
in personal life. Offictals will never be better than
the people for whom they act, and as personal tn-
tegrity prevails, so more and more will it become
the characteristic of all official, and especially of
all judicial, life.

The Quarter-Mile Farrow Plongh.

To TRE EpitTon oF THR SUN—Sir: The excellent
suggestion of E. FE, Ropes, which appeared tn your
paper of to-day, in relation to completing the
Panama Canal by the use of & plough which will
throw a furrow & quarter of a mile wide and an
eighth of a mile deep, at an expense of less than
a quarter of a cent a cuble yard, is well worthy of
consideration.

I should suppose that Mr. Ropes had read the
interesting memoirs of Baron Munchausen, for he
plerced each isthmus, Darien and Suez, and opened
canals through them both about 100 years before
De Lesseps began his great work.

But !f wonderful new machines are to be invented
and put in operation they had better devote their
energies to San Blas, where the Isthmus Is lttle
more than thirty miles across, and where a canal
on asea level, and consequently without locks, and
with good harbors at each end, can easily be bulit.
For this a tunnel, perhaps seven miles in length,
will be needed, and to burst this through the moun -
tain surely the Inventive mind of Mr. Ropes capa
readily produce the colossal drill to do the needful.

New YORK, Aug. 9. NATHAN APPLETON.

Recipe.
Take half a pound of horseback,
Three pounds of swimmlug, too;
Then with a cup of haying
A cup of wrestling brew.

A Big Stick use to mix It,
Str up the batter well;

ety we * ‘40h doe geet Cee
Gad he :

Be eee eee see eee ee aa ee eee Tae ESE aD STE ET

i SREY Loy Be an ‘ve

PARKER AND THE CLOSED SHOP.

His Opinion tn the Cumming Case De-
fended as Not a Personal Expression.

To THe Epiror or Tag Svn—Sir: In this
morning's issue of THE SuN you printed an
editorial entitled “How Judge Parker Met
the Issue of the Open Shop.” Knowing the
broad spirit which characterizes your paper,
I beg leave to answer the editorial in your
own columns.

To quote the opinion of a Judge in order
to show his personal views is manifestly
unfair, and what Judge Parker's strenuous
adversary would call in the language of the
prize ring, “hitting below the belt.” It is
a Judge's sworn duty when sitting in a court
not to consider his personal views, but to
decide what the law is in the particular case,
He is not a legislator, and unjust a6 & certain
law may seem to him when spplied to an in-
dividual case he must uphold and apply it,
and if he does ott. srwise he is false to his trust,
false to his outh. In the case cited ip your
editorial it was not Judge Parker's opinion
that you criticised, but the opinion of the
New York Court of Appeals, which it happened
fell to Judge Parker to write.

Admitting, however, the opinion in 170
N, Y. as an expression of Judge Parker's per-
sonal views, a careful examination of the case
will show them to be sound and just; and you
will notice that the opinion of the Appellate
Division, which the Court of Appeals sus-
tained, was unanimous, making a majority
of nine to three Appellate Judges who passed
on the question.

At page 332 Judge Parker points out that
the defendant organization “required every
applicant for membership to pass an exam-
ination testing his competency.” This ex-
amination the defendant McQueed failed
to pass, whereupon he organized a rival asso-
ciation, It is a well settled proposition of
law that an employer is not lfable for injuries
suffered by an employee at the hetids of a co-
employee; “then,” as Judge Parker says,
“the only opportunity for protection * ° *
to workmen engaged in dangerous occupa-
tion is through organizations like these de-
fendant associations, which restrict their
membership to careful and skilful men and
prohibit their members from working with
members of other organizations which main-
tain a lower standard, or none at all.”

In the second column of your editorial
you quote from Judge Parker; “I know it 16
said in another opinion in this case, that
workmen cannot dictate to employers how
they shall carry on their business, bor whom
thay aball or shall not employ, but I dissent
os from that proposition.” Allow
n 0 finish the sentence: “And assert,”
cowminues Judge Parker, “that, so long as
workmen must assume all the riak of IE
that may come to them through the care
ness of coemployees they have the moral
and legal right to say that they will not work
with certain men, and their employer must
accept their dictation or go. without their
services.” Pray, is this doctrine against the
liberty of the workingman? ‘ /

You commend Judge Vann's engin, of

opinion “for its clearnesg and strengta ©
diction.” The clearest and strongest part 0
the opinion Judge Parker admits ana rejt-
erates. A plying Judge Vann's rule to the
findings ae act (which the Court of Appeals
could not under the law review), it 1s clear
that the opinion of the Court of Appeals was
logical and good law. I quote again from
Judge Parker:
Now, there {s not afactin that finding which

not lawful within the rules which I have quote
supra (Judge Vann's rule}. Those principles con

cede the right of an association to strike in order ]

to beneft its members, and one method of bene-
fiting them 1s to secure them employment. e198
There is no pretence that the defendant associa-
tions or thelr walking delegates had any other
motive than one which the law justifies, of attempt-
ing to benefit thelr members by securing them
employment. Nowhere throughout that findin
will be found even a hint that a strike was ordere:
or a notification given of the intention to order
a strike for the purpose of accomplishing any other
result than that of securing the discharge of the
members of the plaintiff assoctation and the subst!-
tutlon of members of the defendant associations in
their place. Such a purpose {s mot illegal within
the rules laid down {n the optnion of Judge Vann,
nor within the authorittes cited theretn: on the con-
trary, such a motive Is conceded to be a legal one.
It is only where the sole purpose ts to do injury
to another, or the act 1s prompted by malice, that
it 1s Insisted that the act becomes illegal. No such
motive in alleged In that finding. It is not hinted
at. On the contrary, the motive which always
underlies competition ts asserted to have been
the animating one. It 1s beyond the right and the
power of this court to Import Into that finding {n
contradiction of another finding, or otherwise,
the further nocee that the motive which prompted
the conduct of defendant was an unlawful one,
prompted by malice and a desire to do Injury to
plaintiff, without benefiting the members of the
defendant associations.

Before concluding, allow me to quote from
the learned opinion of Gray, J., in, which
he concurs with Judge Parker, and which you
failed to mention:

It was Dot an effort to compel the members of the
eppeliays organization to join thé respondents’
association as a condition of being allowed to work.
There ts no finding to that effect. On the contrary,
{t appears that the appellant, McQuced, having
fulled to pass the required examination to become
a qualified member of the respondents’ associa-
tlon, proceeded to organize an association of his
own. Regarded elther as an effort to seoure only
the employment of efficient and ABRroved work -
men, or as a nere struggle for exclusive preference
of employment, on thelr own terms and conditions,
from elther standpoint how can it be sald to be
within the condemnation of the law, or of any
statute, when there was no force employed nor
any unlawful act committed? Our laws recognize
the absolute freedom of the individual to work for
whom he chooses, whom he chooses and to
make any contract upon the subject that be chooses.
There is the same freedom to organize, {n an asso-
clation with others of his craft, to further thelr
common interests 4s SERIA Hi SD with respect
to their wages, to their hours of labor, or to matters
affecting their health and safety. They are free
to secure the furtherance of thelr common Interests
in every Mayownice is not within the prohibition
of some statute, or which does not involve the
commission of illegal acts. The struggle on the
part of individuals to prefer themselves, and to

revent the work which they are fitted to do froin
Pring given to others, may be keen and may have
unhappy results In Individual cases, but the law
{s not concerned with such results when not caused
by illegal means or acts.

Buchisthelaw. What quarrel there is should
be with the Republican Legislature which
leaves the law unchanged.

In conclusion, allow me to quote from Presi-
dent Lincoln: “Let us not be slandered
from our duty by false accusations against
us. © * © Let us have faith that right
makes might, and jn that faith let us to the
end dare to do our duty as we understand it.”
Judge Parker's duty was to administer the
law, nothing else, He was notled away either
bv false accusations or by threata, but did
his duty as he understood it. Such qualities
make a good Chief Judge and a goo resi-

ent. Paub FcuuEr, JR.

New YORE, Aug. 9.

Destruetive of the Poor Man's Only Prop-
erty Right.

To THE Ep1ToR oF THE Sun—Sir: Judge
Yarker’s opinion on the labor question is an
opinion absolutely destructive of the only

roperty rights @ poor man has—his labor,

is ability to do a day’s work and receive
therefor such income as may be agreed on
between him and his employer. f

To this income he is as much entitled as
the rich man is to his rentals, coupone or
dividends, ; “

Whoever decidea that such income may be
taken away from him by any man or organ-
ization of men can’t have my vote. Fs

New York, Aug. 10.

 

 

The Dust of House Wrecking.

To THE EDITOR oF THR SUN—<Sir; 1 see by to-day's
paper that two contractors were errested for cre-
ating too much dust in removing bulldings. The
writer, @ native resident of over fifty years, has
secn many nuisances abated, but of all the old
fashioned ones this careless removing of old bulld-
ings bas been allowed. The Board of Health should
be as strenuous as the Street Cleaning Department
was in removing obstructions of tricks and push-
carts. House wreckers should be compelicd to
board up the buildings from top to bottom, and
use plenty of water. The boarding up sbould also
remain unt!) buildings are completed, so that no acci-
dent can occur by falling of stone or other materials.

New Yor«, Aug. 10. M.L.

 

Appearance a Pretection.
From the Rumford Falis Times.

“Appearances are decel.ful,” Is an old saying,
which was illustrated by an old lady in one of our
banks a few days ago.

She drew out a 6um very near the $1,000 mark,
The banker kindly asked her {if she did not wish
an escort to her destination in order to insure pro
tection for the large amount. Looking calmly at
the banker, she replied: “Why, nobody would think
1 had more than a dollar and a quarter!”

 

Capiliary of Politics,
To Tas Epitor oF THe SUN—Sir: Jefferson had
red hair. Parker hasred hair. Q. EF. D.
New York, Aug. 0. DEgpvucTion,

 

Our Great Continuous Performance.
From the Chicago Record-Iierald.
Onoe more send forth the warships
To give the Turk a gcare,
To make him promisé to repent
And give account of every cent
And say that he'll be fair.

And when the Turk has promised,

ee LEEEEEEEE EEE ESET

re tees

President Roosevelt's intimates in New
York city are telling a story which, perhaps,
is as interesting ag anything now being
printed from either the Republican or
Democratic camp, It concerns the nomi-
nation of Elihu Root for Governor by the
Republican State convention which is to
assemble at Saratoga Springs, Sept. 14, The

story, in substance, was as follows:
President Roosevelt is exceedingly
anxious to garry New York State, He

admits, along with George Bruce Cortelyou,
chairman, and Cornelius N, Bliss, treasurer,
of the Republican national committee
that New York is in the doubtful column.
Mr. Root’s persistent refusals to become
the Republican candidate for Governor
have led those close to the President to urge
the President to give an assurance in his let-
ter of acceptance that he is not and will not
be a candidate for nomination in 1908.
This would clear the way for Mr. Root
in case Mr, Root hae aspirations for the
Republican Presidential nomination four
years hence.

At Chicago, in June, notable Republicans
declared that the President, besides being
in a position to compel his nomination,
saw to it at the same time that a national
committee was elected which would not
be unfriendly to his renomination in 1908,
At that time Senator Platt had a talk with
Mr. Root in which he urged Mr, Root to
become the candidate of the New York
Republicans for Governor this fall. Mr.
Root positively declined on the ground
that he had already devoted too much
time to publio affairs and that he must
start in to upbuild a competence for his
famiJy. Mr. Root at that time suggested
that Collector Nevada N. Stranahan would
make a strong candidate for Governor.
Meantime Governor-Chairman Odell had
endeavored to induce Mr. Bliss to become
the Republican candidate for Governor,
and urged Mr. Blise not to give a definite
answer offhand but to hold the proposition
open for two months, Instead, Mr. Bliss
immediately and positively declined. The
Governor-Chairman, before that, had told his
adherenta that Senator Chauncey M. Depew
would make the best candidate for the Re-
publicans to nominate for Gevernor,

On the return of the New Yorkers from
Chicago booms for Lieut.-Gov. Frank W.
Higgina and ex-Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L.
Woodruff were launched and Governor-
Chairman Odell and Mr. Root had a long
private conversation at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel. The statement that at that time
Governor-Chairman Odell tried to force
Mr. Root to pledge himself, in other words,
to mortgage himself, to the Governor-
Chairman either as to United States Sen-
ator to succeed Mr. Depew or as to pro-
spective legislation at Albany next winter is
povh-poohed by some and stoutly denied
hy others,

On July 27 THe Sun, by authority, an-
nounced that Mr. Root had notified Gov-
ernor-Chairman Odell that he must not be
considered a candidate and that this was
final. The Governor-Chairman then 4um-
moned the State committee and others to
meet him in groupe at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel and read to them Mr. Root’s letter,
proclaiming at the time “I have been for
Root for Governor for six months yet I
never got any credit for it.” Maybe the
Governor-Chairman forgot the Bliss episode
and the Depew incident.

Meantime the Governor-Chairman's New-
burgh organ continues to insist that he is
the only man to be nominated for Governor,
and speaking of the Governor-Chairman’s
critics the organ complains: “They have at-
tacked his honesty and integrity.”

Moreover, the Governor-Chairman’s or-
gan continues to attack Mr. Root, declaring
that he shouldn’t be nominated for Gov-
ernor but that Odell is entitled to a third
nomination.

Even after Governor-Chairman Odell had
shown Mr. Root’s letter the Root sentiment
would not down, and Senator Platt told his
friends that the ticket to be nominated at
Saratoga would be as foliows:

For Governor—Elihu Root of New York.

For Lieutenant-Governor—Frank W. Hig-
gins of Olean.

For Comptroller—Otto Kelsey of Geneseo.

For Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals—
William FE. Werner of Rochester.

For Associate Judge of the Court of Ap-
peals—Edgar M. Cullen of Brooklyn,

Senator Platt added at the time: “ Root will
be nominated by the convention, and he is
a Republican patriot and he will not see
his way clear to decline the nomination.
Higgins also is a patriot, and neither will
he decline a renomination for Lieutenant-
Governor. The Attorney-General and other
State officers will probably be up-State
men.”

Now the story comes that if President
Roosevelt listens to the suggestions of the
men who are working day and night to bring
about his election and at the same time
wave the State of New York to him he will
give the assurance that he will not be a
candidate to succeed himself in 1908.

CULLEN FOR CHIEF JUDGE,

It Is Now Said That Gey. Odell Will Name
Him to Succeed Judge Parker.

ALBANY, Aug. 10.— With a view to further-
ing the non-partisan movement to have
the two great parties nominate Judge
Edgar M. Cullen for Chief Judge of the
Court of Appeals and Judge William E.
Werner for Associate Judge of that court,
it is said that Gov. Odell shortly will name
Judge Cullen as Chief Judge to succeed
Alton B. Parker and to serve under such
appointment until Dec. 31, as a Chief Judge
wiJl be elected at the fall election.

When Judge Parker's resignation was
first made public many lawyers thought
it would be a graceful thing for the Govy-
ernor to appoint Judge Martin to fill the
temporary vacancy, 80 that he might have
the distinction of retiring from the benc.
as Chief Judge. Friends of Judge Mart.n,
however, declare that he does not care fur
the honor. Only one session of the cmt
will be held between now and Jan. 1, and tha /
say that Judge Martin would be as wiig
to retire as an Associate Judge as to have
the SppoLSnny for so brief a term.

Another point which is interesti the
Jawyers is that the promotion of Widie
Martin would leave the court for its October
term one Associate Judge short. How-
ever much they might like to see Judge
Martin honored, they do not believe that
this should be done. Inview of Judge
Martin's lack of desire for the promotion
and the other complications, the senti-
ment of the bar seeme to be in favor of
the ee Rn by the Governor of Judge
Edgar M. Cullen for the Chief Judgeship.

LONG MARCH TO MANASSAS,

Cavalry and Artillery Leave Fert Ethan
Alien, Vt., for the Battlefield.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.--Advices were
received at the War Department to-day
that Troops A, B, I, H and L of the Fifteenth
pevenyt the Twenty-third and Twenty-
seventh batteries of Field Artillery, in all
twenty-eight officers, 232 cavalrymen and 214
men of the Artillery Corps, left Fort Ethan
Allen, Vermont, this morning for the Bull
Run battleground, near Manassas, Va., where
the extensive army mancuvres will be held
in September. This is one of the longest
practice marches ever attempted for some
time by United States troops, and it is ex-
pected to be of great benefit to the organi-
gations making it. The distance from Fort
Ethan Allen to Manassas by rail is about

 

 

Se
a

MA

‘Succeeded by F. W. Allen as Chairman of

Westohestor Dempecratic Committee,

Wuite Praise, N. Y., Aug. 10.—The pro-
ceedings of the Westchester county Demo-
cratic convention were interrupted this
afternoon in an ominous manner by a coz
which entered St. John’s Hall while th»
nominations were being made, and how!e
mournfully, Ex-Mayor Fiske of Mount
Vernén, who was in the chair, shouted to
the delegates to put the animal ont. A
dozen men started for the dog, and he ran
out into the rain, where he continued his
doleful howling until the convention ad-
journed. Some superstitious delegates re-
garded the howling of the dog as a bai
sign.

Owing to a heavy downpour of rain tho
convention was rather slimly attended
Chairman Fiske prepared himself for the
fray with a baseball bat, which he used as
a gavel, but the proccceedings were so
tame that a lead pencil would have answered
just as well, The nominees are:

W. R. Thorne of Peekskill for County
Clerk; Isaac W. Turner of Bedford for
County Register; Alderman Charles Weber
of Mount Vernon for Superintendent of
the Poor, and Dr. T. C. Elmendorf of Port
Chester for Coroner,

The most important act of the convention
was the overthrow of ex-Mayor Fiske
as chairman of the county committee
Fiske retired gracefully, making a flowery
speech nominating his successor, Fred-
erick W. Allen, a rich clubman of Pelham
Manor, but it is. said he was practically
forced to let go by William F. Sheehan,
Victor J. Dowling and other close friends
of Judge Parker.

Mr. Eieshen, it is reported, looked over
ex-Mayor Fiske’s past performances and
decided that he wouldn’t do to handle tha
campaign for Parker. It was rumored at
White Plains to-day that Fiske is to be well
cared for for taking his medicine without
making a disturbance. Judge Parker's
friends, it is said, are satisfied with Stats
Committeeman M. J. Walsh of Yonkers,
and will make no fight egainst him.

Mr. Allen, the new ch of the com-
mittee, is a society man and owns a country
Fae at Pelham, which he calls “The Priory.”

e is fond of lo and golf and spends
considerable of Tis time in Newport. Two

ears ago he ran on the Democratic ticket
‘or Assembly in the Second Westchester
district and was defeated by J. Mayhew
Wainwright. He is said to very clos
to August Belmont, William F. Sheehan
and other managers of the Parker cam-

paign.
TWO TO NAME THE DUBUQUE.

The Mayor Has Found a Young Lady Who
Will Do It and the Contractors Another.

WasHinaton, Aug. 10.~Miss Margaret
Treadway of Dubuque, Ja., and Misa Anna
Hull, daughter of Representative Hull of
Iowa, have been asked to christen the gun-
boat Dubuque, which will be launched at
the yards of the Gas Engine and Power
Company at Morris Heights, N. Y., on Aug.
27, and both have accepted. As there is
no record of a launching where more than
one bottle of champagne went to the vessel
and where there was more than one young
lady to do the christening, Secretary of the
Navy Morton will be forced to request
either Miss Treadway or Miss Hull to “re-
consider” and he is in a,quandary as to the
the selection he wil] make. .

The peculiar situation grew out of the
receipt by Mr. Morton some days ago ofa
letter from C, H. Berg, the Mayor of Du-
buque, who had been requested to select a
sponsor for the vessel named after his
town, and who said that after a long and
diligent search he had been unable to find
any young lady of Dubuque who was willing
to undertake the long soaEney to New York
for the purpose of christening the gunhoat.
This was considered the most remarkable
letter that had been received at thé Nav
Department for a good while, as there is
usually considerable rivalry in the selection
of aeponsor for a United States war vessel.

Mr. Morton informed the contractors,
however, of the contents of $ir. Berg's
letter and suggested that they select the
young lady to name the Dubuque. They
asked Miss Hull, who accepted the honor.
The same day Mr. Morton received another
Jetter from Mayor Berg, saying that the
Dubuque Club had induced Miss Margaret
Treadway to act as sponsor and that Mirs
Treadway had accep This is the situa-
tion at the present time, and Mr. Morton is
trying to figure out a solution that will
please everybody concerned.

EQUAL TAX COMMISSION NAMED.

Outcome of Agitation Begun Last Fall
by Mayor Fagan of Jersey City.

Gov. Franklin Murphy of New Jersey
announced yesterday his appointments
to the new Equal Taxation Commission,
as follows: Charles C. Black, Jersey City;
ex-Gov. George T. Werts, Jersey City:
Chandler W. Riker, Newark; Major Car!
Lentz, Newark, and Henry J. West, Cam-
den. Messrs. Black and Werts are Demo-
crats and the others are Republicans
Messrs. Lentz and West are also members
of the State Board of Taxation.

The appointments have been held up for
some time because of the Governor's failure
to obtain desirable men to serve on the com-

mission.

The commission {is the outcome of the
agitation Pegs last winter by Mayor Fagan
oF Jersey City, with the Hudson county
members of the Assembly at his back.

 

 

 

 

 

_———.

KEPT GRANDCHILDREN’S SHOES.

Twenty-six ‘First Pairs,’’? With Portraits
of the Darlings in Them.

VINELAND, N. J., Aug. 10.—At the death of
Stephen T. Ellis, one of the pioneers of
Vineland, a unique collecticn of shoes
fell to his wife, Elizabeth. They are the
first footwear of twenty-six grandchildren,
for which he made a practice of paying
$1 per shoe. There were six daughters
and one son in the Ellis family.

“Grandma” Ellis has had the phetogrants
of most of the children encased in the uppers
of the shoes and bedecked with the firs’
ripbons worn by “the little darlings.” The
“ge of the oldest grandchild is 21 year+
Every birthday there is an exhibitfon of
baby shoes in the Ellis household. Twenty-
five of the grandchildren are living.

 

r

BROOKLYN MASONIO. TEMPLE.

Purchase of a Site for the Proposed
8250,000 Structure.

The trustees of the Brooklyn Masonic
Guild have made a contract with the Ver-
non estate to purchase the plot of ground
100x195 feet, on the northeast corner of
Clermont and Lafayette avenues. A Masonic
temple, the estimated cost of which is
$250,000, is to be erected on the site in the
near future.

The building ie to be a home for the lodges
in the third Masonic district in Brooklyn
The unfinished Catholic cathedral] is on the
opposite side of Lafayette avenue.

 

Secretary Taft te Speak at Chautanugus.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.—Secretary of
War Taft left Washington to-night at 7
o'clock for Chautauqua, N. Y., where }+
will deliver an address to-morrow. Mr!
Taft will go from Chautauqua to St. Louis,
where he will speak at the Manila Day ex-
ercises at the Philippine exhibition, ©"
Aug. 18. He expects to return to Washi-
ington next Monday or Tuesday.

 

Appointients for Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON, Aug, 10.—The President has
appointed Regis H. Post of New York !
be Secretary of Porto Rico, and Mr, rast).
8. Rockwell of the District of Columbia ‘'
be Auditor of Porto Rico, to take effec!

4o6&ase Se

>

w wr4AanwrdsreowWPeaweErd = 4 we

——- $

eocenmn

m=

se ee

&

ast etre

ns 2e7 A

e

Seweea =f - wv & =n oe et ee ee oP CU

“s
= ete & A A FO a wre @ be cs A er a

=> a —

~~

= seer OF oe ew ee Aa 1 SO lw oe eee Se Re

See ef owe | oe eet ees

His last Ministry, the longest of the
short-lived Governments of the Third
Republic. was marked by unusual energy

what he wished to make it. borne the name Stanle

S y Falls ever since
Nobody doubts, we presume, that, | Sranter traced the river to the sea. A

without the specific authorization of | station at the lower end of these falls was

pe miles, and the march wil. pover a con-
erab reater distance. ie troops
expected 6 cover it in three weeks. a

Sept. 1. These appointments are mi’
penpererey the President has time
to reorganize the entire council.

A candidate ‘twill make you—
But which, I cannot tell.
MCLANDBURGE WILSON.

As oft he bas before,
ht and mais,

Kia’ naving thus Temoved the strain
us removed the et:
Recall the ahips once more.

i
te ——

a

RT le, el cule ade 4 de dt

—

AA, sulla Ree Lal PESOS Se VESTS STS SS ie neeminane ’ ; . - ee
Tee ak dee “ carr eremmrcrenenmnete st rete teats : |

\ 4