MAROONED IN A HARLEM LOT,

SAILORS FROM FRANCE CARED
FOR BY SMALL BOYS.

Thought of Jumping Qut Hotel Window,
but Didn’t--Lands tn Bellevue.

A slender, nervous man registered at the
Marlborough Hotel on Monday evening
as Dr. Johannis Korselt, Baltimore, On
Tuesday afternoon the doctor sat for an
hour or two glaring at the clerk.

Yesterday afternoon there was oa rum-
pus of some sort in the doctor’s room and
a yell from the window of it, which is a
fifth floor window. People on Broadway

 

  

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
    
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
    
    
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
 
    
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  

They Don’t Quite Know How TheyGot There,
but They’re Waiting for a Man Who's
Gene to Get Their Money and Clothes
—Until He Comes They'll Not Move.

In a rainsoaked vacant lot at 143 street
and the Harlem River are living two swar-
thy eeamen, waiting with ohildlike faith
for “a man” to come back with their money.

They arrived in port on the French
steamer Charles Tiberghien, 2,760 tons,

  
  
 

‘the window sill. Hotel employees made
for the room, but the doctor shot by them
on the run, lugging his suit case. The
hotel people let him go thankfully, for he had

Capt. Le Roi, which arrived here on July | paid his bill.
13 from Dunkirk and gailed on Saturday The dootor, arte composed, but very
for Shanghai. Just how they came to | ¢m hatic, turned up at the Tenderloin police

station, He told Sergt. Robinson _ that
two men had been after him at the Marl-
borough and that they had come so near

etting him that he was about to throw

imself out of the window. His manner
was go ordinary, and his talk so connected
and quiet that the sergeant sent Detective
Dockstader back to the hotel with the
doctor. There the detective heard the
hotel ple’s wo and took the doctor
to Bellevue Hospital.

At the hospital the doctor said he was
a chemist connected with Johns Hopkins
University. He was detained for exami-
nation as to his sanity.

GIRL'S TALE OF MAROONING.

Lillie O’Nell Sticks to Story When Ar-
raigned on Charge of Disorderly Conduct.

Lillle O'Neil, who says she was marooned
on the rocks in the East River near Black-
well’s Island last Sunday, was arraigned
before Magistrate Healy in Long Island
City yesterday on a charge of disorderly
conduct. She told the Magistrate the same
story of her experience that she had told
the police at the time of her arrest. She
had been visiting friends in Manhattan,
and on starting for home lost her way.
She wandered to the foot of Thirty-first
street, East River, and there two men in a
boat offered to row her across the river.

She went with them, but instead of takin,
her to the Long. Island shore they row
her to some rocks near Blackwell's Island
and left her there, after taking her purse,
containing $2.74. After a stay of three hours
on the rocks she was rescued by the cap-
tain of a tugboat.

The woman's eyes were still discolored
to-day from the blows which she said the
robbers showered upon her. The
Magistrate was about to discharge her, but
she said she would not object to remainin
in prison a few days more, as she did no
care to go to her home in Astoria looking
as she did. The Court then committed her
for five days, and said that the woman's
story should be looked into by the District
Attorney’s office,

HOME OIL COMPANY TO BE SOLD,

Many City Employees Hold Blocks of the
Bogus Concern’s Stock.

Chauncey G. Parker, recelver for the
Greater New York Home Oil Company,
will sell at auction, in his office in Newark
on Sept. 20, all the oil mining claims and oil
bearing property of the concern in the
Beaumont region of Texas. This will
practically dispose a huge ofl swindling
deal that has for its victims many em-
ployees of the city departments of Greater
New York, There are more than 1,500 stock-
holders in Manhattan alone, none of whom
will realize anything on his investment,

The corporation put on the market
8,000,000 shares of stock at$1ashare. Nearly
200,000 shares were sold to city employees
{n small lots. It is said that large blocks
of the stock were given away to high officials
to induce them to act as gelling agents.

Mr. Parker was Sprenee ver on
a bill of complaint filed by Timothy F.
Donovan of the office of the Corporation
Gouna When eel Batkee vides Texas

see the company’s pro: e found it
practically valueless. While it was in the
oll district, {t was not oil bearing, and the
wells were simply holes in the sand. He
will sell the property at auction in accord-
ance with an order just issued by Chan-

be marooned in the lot neither has suoc-
ceeded in explaining.

They were discovered by the small boys
of the neighborhood who cross the lot
to reach a swimming place. Four days
ago the boys found the two there.

Their skin is black, but their features
are not those of negroes and their costume
{es a picturesque combination of Oriental
rags and cast off garments of New York.
On their heads they combine both oiviliza-
tions, wearing hata that might have been
resoued from an ash can over skull gaps
auch as are seldom seen here.

They watched the boys swim, showing
no inclination to try the water themselves,
and they joined in a game of baseball.
Then they made motions as though they
were eating. The boys took the hint.
Real food has been their dail ortion
since. The boys’ mothers found pies and
cold meats and cookies and even part of
a chicken gone.

Yesterday morning the fourteen-year-
old twin sons of John Z. Rogers of 124 West
189th street, Harold and Herbert, started
to go fora swim. “What’s.the lunch for?”
asked Mr. Rogers. “You'll be home in
time for dinner, won't you?”

“It's for Sammy and George.” Then
the boys’ secret came out and with them
went Mr. Rogers. His attempt at a con-
versation proving vain, he sought the
aid of an interpreter, who talks many
lan Bee: Put Soy obo ata ae BALK

Saminy rge papers sign a
Dunkirk, in which his name a
as “Sami” and his age as 50,
assistant cook on the aera men which
arrived on May 10 at Dunkirk, where he
was gischares . Sammy's partner’s name
is Englis as George Mitchell. He
rane eeS to make it known that he was
the chief cook and had been discharged
at Dunkirk also. He was born some-
where in France, while Sammy was born
in Ceylon.

The two came from Dunkirk on the Tiber-
ghien as quasi passengers, They arrived
on July 13, and for some reason inexplicable
to them, they say, they couldn't get hold of
their clothes—two very fine suits, they
insist—nor of their money, $37 and some
odd _ cents.

They met a man whom they had seen at
other ports. He has gone to get their
money. He will bring it to them at that
lot. So, although Sammy is sick from
exposure, they will not go to a hospital,
nor to a sailors’ mission, nor to the French
Consul, nor anywhere. They have made it
known that until Monday, at any rate,
they intend to stay right where they are.

RAIN STARTS BRIDGE CRUSH.

Cars Stretched to Brooklyn fn Solid Lines
—Dangerous Terminal Jam.

A series of accidents in the rush hour
on Brooklyn Bridge yesterday afternoon
caused a crush at the Manhattan end that
kept the police busy from a quarter of 6
to 7 o'clock. The first thing to go wrong
was the switch at the Brooklyn terminus,
which became clogged with sand washed
down by the furious shower. The switch
became unmanageable at twenty minutes
of 6 and nothing could be done with it until

the rain stop At a little before 6, the
switoh was cleared and cars could be sent
along their routes.

Meantime, cars were stalled the entire
length of both sides of the Bridge, and the

nn ae

 

SS

Ee er ne

eared only
6 had been

 

constant! crowd from New York
offices fi all the es between the | cellor Magie.
loops. The jam was alarmin

when the cars began to run ; Eack
car, as it came around a loop, was seized
upon by the throng, and the police had
hard work to prevent accidents.

Affairs were just beginning to get
straightened out when Flushing and Graham
avenue oar 807, part way over the Bridge,
caught fire through the electrical conneo-
tions under the floor going wrong. Smoke

an pouring up through the floor at both

of the car and the passengers piled

out in a hurry. There was another delay

with oonsequent congestion at the Man-

hattan terminus before the damaged car

was pushed across the Bridge, where the

fire was quenched by water poured on it
from the flooded gutterways of the road.

Many ple who were able to get out of
the crowds waiting for the'electrics took the
Bridge cars across, and these cars in conse-
quence, were packed until they bulged.

By the time the cars were run again,
Manhattan bound cars stretched out in
solid lines far beyond the Brooklyn end
of the Bridge. The last cause of delay of
any moment was when a M ® avenue
car, pat way over the Bridge, began to
slide backward on the slippery rails. After
a time it was shoved across by the car
behind it.

It, was after 7 o'clock before the conges-
tion on the north side of the Bridge was

DOCTORED THE BEER.

Bottler Probably Put Tobacco in It to
Sicken Former Customer.

PaTERSON, N. J., Aug. 10.—Complaints
having been made to the Hinohliffe Brew-
ing Company that bottled beer supplied
direct from the brewery had made the
family of Michael Farrell of 12 Twelfth
avenue ill on two occasions James Fitz-
simmons, head bottler of the concern,
was sent to Farrell's house to see if the
beer was being tampered with.

Fitzsimmons and Farrell hid in the cellar
and saw Thomas Evans, a beer bottler, enter,
go over to the case of beer and remove a
stopper from one of the bottles. He
dropped in some foreign substance and was
about to continue with the others when
Fitzsimmons and Farrell grabbed him.
Evans was so surprised that he made no
explanation. The two men let him go and
then went before Justice Keys and made a
complaint.

Evans formerly supplied Farrell with
beer from another brewery, and it is sup-
posed that he intended to make the beer
of the Hinchliffe company obnoxious to

relieved. sis Ob coniguaee to em 8 k his aie
During the crush the police formed is thoug: vans pu bacco in the
line to keep the crowd in check a little, beer. An analysis will be made.

Charles M. Berant, a cloth cutter, of 2565
East New York avenue, Brooklyn, broke
through the line and hit Policeman George
Strebel on the helmet with his umbrella.

“You have no aene to keep me back from
the car,” he yelled.

He was placed under arrest, and on his
way to the Oak street station he told Officer
Strebel that he was a Democratio district
leader in Brooklyn and that he would have
Strebel “stripped of his fine brass buttons”
for arresting him.

WOMAN DEMANDED $200.

Miss Peck of Washington Makes a Scene
at a Postal Inspector’s House.

Boston, Aug. 10.—Miss Julia Peck of
Washington, who was arrested in Malden
last evening at the house of Post Office
Inspector W. B. Snow, spent the night in
the police station and refused to make any
statements as to her motive in voming to
the Snow residence and in making a dis-
turbance. To-day she was fined $5.

It was learned to-day that the woman
was a classmate of Mrs. Snow and has a
sister living in Belfast, Me. She has made
her home in Washington for several years.
Inspector Snow says that her real name is
Adelaide Gurney. He says that she came to
his house last night and demanded §200,
Upon his refusal to give her the money,
she immediately acted like an insane
woman, whereupon he put her out of the
house. The woman hung around the front
door, and when a policemen came Snow
says she tried to stab him with a hatpin.

Peck is a fine looking woman about
82 years old. She had plenty of money
when she her She pure! a
new hat after leaving the court room.

THE AUTO STILL PURSUED HIM.

Even the Bereaved Italian's Ca p Is a Shock
to Magistrate Cornell.

The last person who wanted to “see the
Judge” in the Fasex Market police court
yesterday morning was a fat Italian mer-
chant who said that his wife had deserted
him. He carried a black leather cap in his
hand. Magistrate Cornell listened to the

Italian for a moment and then suddenly
leaned over tke desk and peered at the

cap,

Ti, that an automobile cap?” asked the
Magistrate.

“Yes, your Honor,” was the reply.

“I can't get away from these automo-
biles,” exclaimed the Magistrate, with a
hopeless gesture.

 

PACKAGE OF RINGS VANISHED.

it Was There When Gutter Got on Car
and Wasn't When He Got On.

Frederick Gutter, a jeweller at 218 Eagt
liéth street, got on a Third avenue trolley
car, Tuesday morning, with two packages
of diamond rings and pins, worth $6,000,
in his pockets for exhibition to downtown
customers. One package containing $2,000
worth of diamond rings he put in a trousers
pocket. The other, containing $4,000 worth
of eparklers, was in an inside waistcoat
beaker,

Mr. Gutter got off the car at Delance
street and Third avenue, near where he
had an Sheoiiiment with some prospective
buy ere. e put his hand to his Crean
felt the package in his vest pocket, dropped
his send Ay ms ousers pocket and

urn cold. 6 ckage containing
$2,000 worth of rings wad sone.

e went to his lawyer, David Goldfarb
of 132 Nassau street,and asked what to
do. Goldfarb reported the loss to Police
Headquarters and inserted an advertise-
ment in a morning paper. Then they
est to the lost property room of the trolley

ne.

., No diamonds here,” said the clerk.

All we ever get at this place is broken

eres baby bonnets and women’s
nge.

Gutter told the police he couldn't re-
member being pushed or shoved about
on the troiiey car, and said he hardly he-
lieved he had been robbed. He had the
diamonds when he got on the car, he was
sure, and he didn't leave the car until
Delancey street was reached. Then they
were gone.

cnenineminanaenietenanatasi
Gov. Davis Learns of His Wife’s Death.

Gen. George W. Davis, Governor of the
Panama Canal Zone, who was called home
because of the illness of his wife, learned
+ Sane yesterday, when he arrived
rom Colon aboard the poamehip
fat Mrs. Bevis had died while S =
iis Way. been spending sume
mer in the Adirondacks, wy

eT Te AE ES ———

2 URED A re eaner are

FS AN A TI PA

SE rT ne a ae oe

eae ne ae sais oie 2

 

New Sub-Precinct for Brooklyn.

Deputy Police Commissioner Farrell and
Inspector McLaughlin will recommend to
Commissioner McAdoo the establishment of
a sub-precinct to. include the Vanderv
and Ber; n Beach districts of Brooklyn,
poe ae rerraee district will pro! ly
seced an to the Fifth avenue precinct,

e

 
 

Rh bh la ike OE Ey wh vie 4

aver ra . ‘ Sew 2 fea Asie
oa \iliacdiiliatiiaidiiaie dei —_aai Bed
we

sors hs Ol akbar

ee oes a a

 

looked up and saw a man clambering over’

   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

   
      
      
    
   
     
     
     
    

  
    
   
 

 
   
   

a

        
  
    
 
  
  
     
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
     
  
      
 
   
    
    
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
   
   
 
 
    
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  

Boys’ negli ee shirts and
blouses have had a knockout
blow.

900 boys’ negligees—all $1,
$1.35 and $1.50 sorts.

Sizes 12 to'14.

65 cents.

1000 boys’ blouses, all $1
and $1.35 sorts.

Sizes 4 to 15.

50 cents.

Though most of the men’s 85
cent negligees are gone, those
left are all right for we had
nothing andar bise6 quality.

Rocers, Peet & Company.
268 Broadway, Coe SR

op i A Hall.
842 Broadway, cor. i8th,
and 14 to 148 4th Ave

1200 Broadway, cor. 824
and v4 West sid St.
ae

TO PROBE GLEASON’S AFFAIRS,

EXECUTGER WANTS TO KNOW WHAT
BECAME OF HIS PROPERTY.

 

 

Dr. Fiteh Asks Surrogate to Begin In-
quest te Compel Present Holders to
Tell How They Got It—Some Friends of
the Late Mayor May Be Put on the Rack

Application is about to be made by coun-
sel for Dr. Neil Orrin Fitch of Astoria, as
administrator of the estate of the late
Patrick J. Gleason, for the Surrogate to be-
gin an inquest to find out what became of
the real and personal properties owned by
Mr. Gleason.

Mayor Gleason at different times owned
valuable lands and buildings. He was
possessed of a large area of beach on the
Rockaway peninsula and owned at one
time land adjacent to the Long Island
Railroad yard in Long Island City. His
trolley line from Long Island City to Middle
Village was sold to the New York and
Queens County Railway Company, and the
land adjoining that of the Long Island
Railroad was purchased by that corpora-
tion. He owned valuable franchises for
street railways and most of the Woodside
Water Company's stock, That company
owns pumping stations at Woodside, Mas-
peth and Astoria. It had a title to a large
area of land near North Beach and another
plot of water land at Train’s Meadows,
and still another at Maspeth. \

By most persons Mr. Gleason was con-
sidered worth nearly $1,000,000. While it
was always supposed that he left a will,
none was ever offered for probate. Acs»
cording to some of his friends, he oftea
said he had made a will, but no such docu-
ment was found among his effects. No
application was made on behalf of Miss
Gleason or any one related or connected
in any way with the deceased for letters
of administration.

In May, 1903, Dr. Fitch applied for letters
of administration. Mr. Gleason had been
dead a year and no eteps had been taken
to settle up his affairs. Dr. Fitch said
he had not been paid for professional ser-
vices. Owing to the inability of the court
at that time to find Miss Jessie Gleason,
the only child of the dead man,she could
not be served with the papers. About a
year after the proceedings began, how-
ever, ehe Was served, The case was set
down for June 80 last, and as she didn’t
file any objections, Surrogate Noble granted
Dr. Fitch's petition, making him executor.

As executor Dr. Fitch has power to
search for property. He can summon be-
fore the Surrogate any one with whom
Mr. Gleason had a business transaction
during his lifetime and examine that person
thoroughly regarding such transactions.
He can trace every piece of real estate
ever held by Mr. Gleason and compel those
connected with its transfer to tell every
detail of the transaction. It is said not all
of those who had dealings with Mr. Gleason
would be happy if questioned.

BURGLARS LOOT POST OFFICE.

Get Away With Cash and Stamps From
Woodmere, L. I., After Exchange of Shots.

Burglars blew open the safe in the post
office at Woodmere, L. I., yesterday morn-
ing;secured about $600 in cash and stamps,
and escaped after firing several shots at
George A. Koch, in whose drug store the
post office is located. The police have
made no progress in discovering the robbers.

Mr. Koch, who lives over the store, was
aroused shortly after midnight by a loud re-
port. He jumped out of bed and ran to the
front window. Before he could see what
had happened a man stepped from behind
a tree directly in front of the store and
pointing a revolver at him, said: “Get in
out of there, or I'll blow your head off.”

Mr. Koch did as requested. He hurried
back to his bedroom and securing his re-
volver and shotgun, again went to the
front of the house. As he came to the win-
dow the second time there was a flash from
the revolver held by the man who was stand-
ing behind the tree. Mr. Koch fired, but
the man toow refuge behind the tree. Mr.
Koch continued firing, and the man left the
tree and disappeared the darkness.
Koch doea not Lolteve he hit the man.

A short time after the robber fired at him,
Koch said he saw two men run from the
store and follow in the direction taken by
the other man. The last two men seemed
to be carrying a smal) bag, and Koch be-
lieves the stolen stamps and money were
carried away in this.

After the disap’ ce of the men, Koch
went down to the store. He found the
safe door blown off, and all the stamps and
money gone. There was no damage other-
wise to the store or the building.

Albert Lamont is the postmaster at Wood-
mere.

SENATOR SCOTT ILL.

His Wife Comes to Sce Him Through One
of His Severe Attacks of Indigestion.

Senator Nathan B. Scott of West Vir-
ginia, who is in charge of the speakers’
bureau at the headquarters of the Repub-
lican national committee, had an attack of
acute indigestion late on Tuesday night
which did not yield at once to treatment,
and it was decided to telegraph for Mrs.
Scott. She arrived at the th Avenue
Hotel soon after midday yesterday and
brought with her a trained nurse. Mrs.
Scott nursed her husband through a similar
illness about a year ago, when for some

he not recover.

‘ould
Dr. Finch, the hotel physician, said
oon
improved considerably during the day

aa igs
ee my

ROUND TRI

  
 

From Chicago daily, August 15 to Sept. 10, in-

clusive.

Correspondingly low rates from other

oints via the Chicago, Union Pacific & North-

estern Line.

|g /Special Personally Conducted

trains leave Chicago August 18 and 25 for

San Francisco.
rado Springs and

Stop-overs at Denver
alt Lake City, with

Colo-
side

trips at a minimum of expense.
Choice of routes returning. No extra charge on special trains.

These low-rate tickets also good on fast daily trains. The Overland Limited

is a solid SACOM ED train every day in the year,
és 'e only double-track railway b
The direct transcontinental route,

The Best of Everything.
Write for itineraries.
All agents sell tickets via this line,
D. W. ALDRIDGE,
Gen‘ astern Agt. C.
461 Broadway,

NW 340

ast, Overt

Missouri River.

 
 
 
 

DD LOTS at a peculiarly odd price, when you consider quality, etc.

less than three days to the
etween Chicago and the

  
 
  

  
  

UE ERO],

& N. WW. Ry PACIFIC

New York.

 
   

All this

season's goods, including Single and Double-breasted Sacks, long English
Cutaways in Brown, Blue and Fancy mixtures. None have been less than

$18—were mostly $20, $22, $25 and $28—on sale this morning at $15.

All three

stores. The advantage is yours. Just our policy, you know, not to carry goods

over.

SMITH, GRAY & CO.

$15

“Can't find a match for it.”

PITT ST. PIEMAN’S FIFTH BRIDE.

Six Daughters of Eppstein Weep Upstairs;
Rachel Smiles in the Bakery.

Morris Epstein, the Pitt street pieman,
has taken unto himself his fifth bride, and
not since Rachel Goldstein found a dia-
mond ring in the craw of her dinner goose
has Pitt street been so excited. Death had
done for four of Morris's wives in the many
years since he established himself and grew
rich in the bakery, but yesterday Rachel,
the fifth—she who was a Goldberg—stood
behind the bakery counter, amiling and
quite undismayed by the gloomy biogra-
phies of her four predecessors, aa related
shrilly by a street full of neighbors, who
chattered outside. Upstairs the six daugh-
ters of Morris, olive branches left by Basche,
Lena, Feige and Fanny, wept in chorus.
Morris, for reasons of his own, was not about.
The light laugh of the bride, the wails of
the six sisters, the cackling of the neigh-
bors, and the thin lament of a baby came
to him in the little back room of the Grand
street café, round the corner, where he

eat thinking.

Morris is 71 years old, a wizened, bearded
little man, but never was there such a habit
of matrimony as Morris has, Basche
pained away so long ago that only two in

tt street remember the funeral. Then
it was Lena, and the passing of Lena also
was many, many years ago. Feige came
next, and after her Fanny. The daughters
of Basche and Lena an vege were aix,
but it was only after ten years that a daugh-
ter came to Fanny. That was a year ago
and four months ago Fanny hersel: followed
the other wives.

Pitt street thought that the old man had
had enough of wedlock, but one aay Sarah,
daughter of Feige, came upon old Morris
walking in Grand street, attired in shining
raiment, arm in arm with Miss Goldberg,
of years eighteen. To her five sisters Sa:
brought the alarming tidings, and the days
were full of crowded hours for Morris
from that time on. The rings and
monds of the four departed he kept under
lock and key. Of these same rings and
diamonds Pitt street will discourse ex-
citedly by the hour. All these the new
bride has, and when her mind dwells too
long on her predecessors she goes and
looks at the rings ben cieceae, and feels
wonderfully resto n spirits.

Tuseday evening Morris dressed in his
best. Stepping as sprightly as a boy,
he hipped. away from the bakery and the
six daughters, and betook himself to 83
Attorne heres the home of Ue nae
elect. ere the ten necessary_ witnesses
and the rabbi were waiting with Miss Gold-
berg. e ma’ was made, and the
room of 71 and the bride of 18 went to the
fakery with a thousand Pitt streeters
following them to the door, All night
there camped on the steps of the bakery
curious ones who listened eagerly for
sounds of combat. But the 61x sisters
madeno outcry.

Over his beer Morris is hopeful of peace;
but at the bakery it takes all the cheerful
optimism of the bride to allay his doubts
for the future. Pitt street waits.

PRIEST ARRESTED FOR SLANDER.

Wrote That Ellis Island Interpreter Picked
His Pocket.

The Rev. I. Paul Raczaszek, a Polish
Catholic priest, and the representative of
the Polish Society at 117 Broad street, was
arrested yesterday on an order signed by
Supreme Court Justice Bischoff at the in-
stance of Julius Stierheim, an interpreter
at Ellis Island. The priest was held in
$500 bail, which he had not been able to pro-
cure when the Sheriff's office closed.

Stierheim, who has sued Raczaszek for
$25,000 for slander, alleges tfat the priest
sent a letter;to Immigration Commissioner
Williams on July 26 last ia which he wrote

in Polish:

Sunday evening 1 came to the Barge Office
with a view of ere peeerene ntended
for the Polish Society. There 1 met Mr, Stier-
heim, interpreter, whom 1 gladly invited to
go with me for a glass of wine. For the sake
of fun I took him by the arm and we went
along for about fifty atepe, when, turning
loose, he excused himself, saying that he
could not 5° ih me. While we were talking
1 felt his hand rubbing against my pooket,
containing a pocketbook with $105 in paper

money.
After being-left by him | reached to my
ooket, and found my pocketbook missing.
aking ener reine as f whole, | am sure that
nobody else but him has taken that money,
and 1 am_ making such assertion on oath
although I have no witness in the case,
Christ's most loving servant,
1. Paun RACZASzERK,
Representative Polish Society.
Stierheim says that the priest's charge
against him is absolutely false, and slander-
ous.

 

 

 

 

Italian Emigration Commissioner Sails.

Adolfo Rossi, Commissioner Extraordi-
nary of Emigration for the Italian Govern-
ment, sailed yesterday noon on the Sar-
degnw for Naples and Rome, Mr. Rossi
has been four months in this country look-
ing into the laws affecting Italian emi-

gration,

 

The extremely stylish selections for season 1904.

To closea big Shirt Season
2000

Negligee Shirts
85cts.
Former Prices $1, $1.50, $2

and $2.60.
All this season’s make.

Hackett,Carhart&Co

Three Cor. 13th St.
BROADWAY | Cor. Canal St.
Stores. Neat Chambers.

 

 

FIRST BLOOD FOR TUNNEL CO.

Commission Cute Down Lackawanna
Damages 85,680,700.

The Hoboken and Manhattan Tunnel
Company, which is building the tunnel
under the North River from Fifteenth
street, Jersey City, to Christopher street,
Manhattan, has won the first point in its
fight against the Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western Railroad Company in the
condemnation proceedings for a right of
way under the Lackawanna's terminal
property in Hoboken.

After a hearing lasting two months the
commission appointed by Judge Dixon of
the Supreme Court of New Jersey handed
in a verdict yesterday to the effect that
such a right of way would damage theLacka-
wanna’s property to the extent of $10,300.

In its protest against the granting of the
right of way the railroad company said
the building of the tunnel would damage
its terminal property to the extent of
$5,700,000 and claimed that amount if the
right of way should be granted.

The commissioners who have cut that

estimate down by more than $5,500,000
ex-Gov. George T. W ew Jeresy,

 

yerta of
John C.Payne, engineer of the State Riparian
Board, and Col. John J. Toffey. The laws
yers who have fought the case for the Dela-
ware kawanna and Western are John
WwW. Griggs, ex-Attorney-General, and Wil-
liam C. Edwards. The lawyers for the
pany are Charles L.
Richard V, Lindabury and F. B. Jennings,
President William ©. Truesdale of the
kawanna and President William G.
MoAdoo were the two star witnesses for the
opposing companies, Mr. Truesdale’s ob-
jection to the tunnel was that it would in-
terfere with the future development of his
company's terminal. He atl that the
company might want to build a tunnel of
its own some day, or that-it ht want to
dredge out a lot of new slips for the ac-
commodation of transatlantic ships and
that the tunnel would be in the way,

The line of the pro tunnel ts to be
1,600 feet. back from the present line of pier
heads, It will connect the Jersey City shaft
of the tunnel under the river with the rail-
road and trolley terminals in Hoboken.
A similar spur is to be built in the other
direction to connect with the Erie terminal
© veceey City. isis sale

order res @ the Hoboken and
Manhattan Tunnel Company from going
under the Lackawanna terminal is stil! in
arene ne Ses on my sou be heard
a mber term of the Suprem
Court of New Jersey. are

GREGG COVERED WITH BRUISES.

Mystery in Two Days’ ‘Whereabonts of
Agent Who Died in Bellevue.

Coroner's Physician O'Hanlon instructed
the police of the Tenderloin station yester-
day to investigate the case of Joseph C.
Gregg, an agent, who died in Bellevue
Hospital Wednesday. While the autopsy
showed that death was due to alcoholism,
Gregg’s body was a mass of bruises from
head to foot.

Gregg left the Vendome Hotel last Satur-
day orning, after one night's stay. He
was then well] and Tuy dressed and seemed
to in good physical condition. He was
picked up by the police in the neighborhood
of the hotel] on Monday morning, wearing
an overcoat over his pajamas. At Bellevue
Hospital he said he had not eaten for three
days. The Coroner would like to know
what ha) to during the two

are not accounted for,

 

|

 

These are great sale days for buyers of

FURNITURE

Carpets & Rugs, Upholsteries,
China & Glassware, Blankets &
Bedding, Housefurnishings and
Pianos. In addition, we are sacrificing many limited quantities of
summer merchandise, the combination of August and Odd-lot sales,
affording noteworthy economies.

  

Trunks, Suit Cases & Bags

Economies of This Sort Lengthen
1904 Vacation Pleasures:

With us it has been a record season for the sale of Travelling Requisites. 7.
Shall we lay it at the door of national prosperity, or give Macy econo-
mies credit for the enormous distribution? Values like this must be
reckoned with:—

Travelling Trunks, canvas-covered, protected with hardwood slats. Brass clamps;

Monitor lock, bound with best quality vulcanized fibre; deep set-up tray, with hat
box and two packing compartments and one dress tray, lined throughout with cloth:

 

 

 

2 xa 8, <6 6 i winch,
$1.81 $5.14 $549 $5.82 8618 $6.51 $6.87

Travelling Trunks, made of selected timber, covered with heavy canvas, hardwood
cleats, extra brass finish, two heavy sole leather straps; Excelsior lock, lined through-
out with cloth: ’
28 x” 2 pe J Lad é ss 2 ro inch.
$6.33 $6.73 $7.08 87.42 87.76 811 $8.46
Cabin Trunks, covered with heavy waterproof canvas, sheet iron bottom, brass Ex-

celsior lock, two leather straps, lined throughout with cloth:
28 30 82 a 26 38

40 inch.
$147 «8482 $5.16 85.49 $5.84 £6.18

 

$5.49 86.53

The “Princess Irene’’ Travelling Trunk, covered with heavy waterproof duck, fin-
ished with rawhide binding and bronze ree 42 inch size
Ladies’ French Hat Boxes, fitted with a practical hat fastener that will carry six hats;
covered with canvas, iron bound and lined with cloth; size 19x19 inches. ...$4.79

English Club Bags, made of sole leather, ; Dress Suit Cases, made of heavy leather,
sewed in frame, lined with leather: steel frames, hand-sewed, fitted with shirt

  
 
 
 
      
   

 

 

Ket : ,
12 14 16 18 inch. Pee 2 v1 2 inch.
$5.16 $5.84 $6.53 $7.21 $6.15 8653 8687
Sole leather Dress Suit Cases—with extension on top, heavy brass locks, two leather
straps, lined with linen; 24-in., $13.04; 26-in...............-ee sense eens

    

Men’s & Women’s Automobile
Apparel.

A store system that permits one class to be taxed more
than another one because that one class can pay more than
the other one -is open to criticism. Because Automobile
Garments are usually purchased by a luxury-loving class is
no reason for turning topsy-turvy a profit-getting system
that has virtually made Macy’s.

These afford us our usual slender margin of profit, based
wholly upon CASH selling; and like garments will cost you
from a fourth to a half more elsewhere.

Women’s Silk Dusters, waterproof, in tan, navy and black, 56 and 58

inches long, prettily trimmed; others ask $15, our price $8.98
Other grades $3.49 to $7.24.

Women’s Rubber Coats

Women’s Rubber Shirts, black

Maroon or Tan Shirts, each... .

Men’s Rainproof Dusters, best quality

Other grades, $1.98 to $9.98.

Men’s Rubber Coats $3.98 to $4.49

Men’s Rubber Shirts mathe Povac . 84.98 to! $6.98

Men’s Rubber Ponchos cereeceererecss OR07& to 83.74

Men’s Rubber Hats.. :................. vessseee. 40 to 61.49

Men’s Rubber Blankets, $1.19; Robes..........

Men’s Rubber Suits, reversible |

Auto Touring Caps . 1.... 91.19 to 82.24 }'

Auto Touring Caps, better grades $1.98 to $2.98 "4

Women's Auto Touring Caps $1.98 to $4.98

Auto Goggles, imported from Paris $2.49 to $3.98

Sth Fl.

 

 

veteceerge 68.98
. $4.98

eee eeseereeeerere

 

 

 

 

This Price of | $15
Is Irrespective of Former AsKings.

It can be a $30 suit or a $50 grade, but $4 § buys it just the same.
Any hour up to closing time Saturday you can make your selection of any
single suit length of symmer fabric in the house and we will make the suit
to satisfy, or want you to bring it back. Trouserings—$4,

ARNHEIM f

Broadway @ Ninth Street.

STILETTO THROUGH HIS HEART.

Italian Beaten at Cards and Fisticuffs Uses
Knife and Gets Away.

Pietro Carbo, 35 years old, an Italian
laborer of 442 East 117th street, was stabbed
to death yesterday afternoon by Vincenzo
Magaloro of 336 East 117th atreet, in the
hallway of the saloon at 840 Fast 117th
street. The men were playing cards with
several of their companions in the rear of
Inigi Aforisi’s saloon. Carbo had won
a number of games, and Magaloro was a
loser. A dispute arose over drinks, and the
two said they would fight it out with their
fists.

Carbo and Magaloro had been the beat
of friends, but they went at each other
like tigers. Magaloro, who is powerfully
built seized Carbo by the throat and dragged
him out into the hallway. The other men
thought they would fight until one got the
worst of it and there the matter would
end. The struggle went on in the hallway,
and Carbo seemed to be getting the beat
ofit. Then Magaloro suddenly pulled outa
stiletto and plunged it into Carbo's breast.

The wounded man eank to the floor,
but he regained his feet and ran after
Magaloro, who made his eacape to the street.
Carbo got as far as the sidewalk and then
fell dead.

In five minutes the street was alive with
wildly excited Italians. Policeman Butler
of the East 126th street station was the
first to get to the scene. He had to fight
his way mee the crowd to get to Carbo's
body. An ambulance was summoned from
the Harlem Hospital, but Dr. Schnepel
said that Carbo had been stabbed enrou gy
the heart. Magaloro got away during the
excitement.

The murdered man’s body was removed
to the East 126th street atation, Coroner
Scholer examined it there and ordered
it sent to the Morgue, where an autopsy
will be ‘ormed. Verhaus’s story waa that he het $%

Capt. Burns and his detectives got right | Keller's saloon jJart Saturday on Delhi «
out on the case and in leas than two hours | the Saratoga track, and that the }o
they arrested Nicolo Debano, Nicolo De} won. When he went to collect his wint!
Parma of 336 Eaat 117th street, Nicolo | on Tuesday, the saloonkeeper told him *
Pobano of 444 East 116th street, Carmalo | he had not bet on that horse,

Sear cagenaenee sonoma

 

j

 

 

 

Se

THE BEST MADE.

 

WINNINGS NOT PAID, RE SAYS,

Never Bet a Cent, Says Alleged Poolroom
Keeper Whom Capt. Shire Can't Catch.
Julius Keller, who keeps a saloon at 11

East Twenty-seventh street, was arraigned

in the Yorkville police court yesterday ©"

a charge of running a poolroom made |:

Frederick Verhaus of 540 East Seventeen! |)

street,

“God Almighty sent this man to the
station to make the complaint.” Capt
Shire of the Fast Thirty-fifth strere station
said to Magistrate Breen, “1 have |ern
trying for a year to get evidences again-t
the place, but I could not succeed.”

 

 

 

’ ;
ye

Mareno of 330 East 117th street, and Mra. Keller declared that the man had ne
Pasquale Rubano of 340 Kast 117th atreet, | made a bet in hia saloon and was sir)
who were in the saloon at the time of the | trying to squeeze money out of him.
murder, They were all arrested as wit-} ‘The examination was adjo

nesess, ‘ week.

or

>