VOL, LXIX.—NO. 181.

WAULIFFE DIED BY VIOLENCE.

KILLED BY PERSONS UNKNOWN,
SAYS CORONEDS JURY.

 

 

 

 

Surgeon Testifies That the Glennon Wit-
ness Had Two Distinct Sets of Injuries
—Car Could Not Have Caused Them
—Aie Was Murdered!" Cries the Widow

A Coroner's jury declared yesterday
after five minutes’ deliberation that James
McAuliffe, witress against Wardman Ed-
ward G. Glennon of the Tenderloin and
prospective witness against five other

jlicemen now under indictment, had met
hie death “by violence at the hands of
a person or persons unknown.” Half an
hour after a healthy-looking man bearing
his name had been discharged in the police
court MeAuliffe was found dying of a fract-
ured skull on the sidewalk in front of 863
Sixth avenue,

The police said that he must have been
struck by a street car. The Coroner's
jury yesterday heard a great deal of testi-
mony yesterday on that point. There was no
evidence tending to prove the police theory
correct, and there was a good deal to show
that in all probability McAuliffe had been so
cruelly beaten as to cause his death.

Dr. Thomas E. Brown, house surgeon
at Roosevelt Hospital who attended
McAuliffe when the Glennon witness was
taken there after he was picked up on Bun-
day morning, said that the fractured skull
and the dozen odd bruises, from which
McAuliffe was suffering when he saw him,
could never have been sustained in a street
car accident. Coroner's Physician O' Han-
lon testified that McAuliffe’s fractured
skull was the result of several severe cracks
on the head and that not one blow nor one
fall could have injured the man as he was
injured.

Mrs. Thomas R. Moulton, who lives over
the cigar store at 863 Sixth avenue, in front
of which McAuliffe was found, testified
that she saw him go up the street a few
steps, stumble and then fall. She said that
from 9 o'clock on that Sunday morning
until she eaw the man fall she was looking
out of her window and could not have
helped seeing any street car accident which
might have occurred near that point.

“And you are sure that no accident oo-
curred between 9 o'clock on Sunday morn-
ing and the time you saw the man fall?”
asked a juror. '

“None occurred at that point,” sald Mrs.
Moulton.

Assistant District Attorney Lord called
to the stand, at the afternoon session, De-
tective Sergeant Geor Schoenich, who
is attached to the West Forty-seventh
street station. Schoenich is under in-
dictment for failing to suppress laura
Mauret's house in West Thirty-third street,
the same dive which got Glennon into
trouble. McAuliffe was to have been an
important witness against him. — After
his indictment Schoenich was transferred
from the Tenderloin to West Forty-seventh
street. Mr. Lord asked him:

Q. Where were you on the night of Feb.

18? A. About the precinct.

Q. At what time were you in the station
house on that night? A. | was there about
8 o'clock. [McAuliffe was arrested at 10
o’clock that night in Sixth avenue, because
he wae found drunk, the police say,

. You are sure that you were not there
after 10 o’cloc' A. Yes.

Q. D know McAuliffe by sight?

. u A.
Yes, Lha seen him at the Glennon trial.

' Did you see McAuliffe on the night of
Feb. 15? A. No

* Neither in nor out of the station house?

A. No, I did not see him.
Q. When did you [find out that MoAullffe
A. 1 did not know

was in the station house?
till the following )Monday,

. Did you ever see MoAullffe efter the
Glennon trial? A. No.

. Did you see bim when he was erraigned
in the West Side court on Sunday morning
for intoxication? A. No.

Mrs. McAuliffe, wife of the dead man,
was a witness. After some questioning
she turned to the jurors and said:

1 want to say that | Srmiy, belteve that
my husband was murdered No man could
be battered into the unrecognizable mass
he was by an accident. The police were our
only enemies. Before my husband testified
in the Glennon trial he was warned that
if he did so trouble would come of it

She said her husband never told her
who had given that warning.

Some testimony was brought out tend-
ing to substantiate the theory that it was
not the real McAuliffe who was arraigned
under his name in the West Side police
court before Magistrate Mayo on Sunday
morning. Policeman Reddy, who arrested
the Glennon witness, said that the man
was not bruised or apparently burt in any
way on Saturday night when he took him
to the police station. Magistrate Mayo
said that the man before him as McAuliife
certainly was not bruised or hurt, or he
would not have discharged him.

Dr. Brown said that when he examined
McAuliffe at the hospital on Sunday he
found him suffering from two distinct sets
of injuries. Some, he said, had been re-
ceived at one time, and some at another,
but all within twelve hours. Coroner's
Physician O'Hanlon testified to much the
garne thing.

Another int brought out by Mr. Lord
was that Magistrate Mayo believed that
the McAuliffe before himn was about five
feet six inches tall. The Glennon witness
was but five feet and therefore strikingly
short in stature. Magistrate Mayo also
testified that the prisoner arraigned before
him had a wholesome color and was per-
feotly sober. Dr. A. C. Prentice, the Roose-
velt Hospital ambulance surgeon who at-
tended the Glennon witness on Sunday
morning, said that the man was pale, partly
drunk, with sunken cheeks and a flabby
skin. Yet thirty minutes only had elapsed
between the times when the Magistrate
saw the man supposed to have been
McAuliffe and the physician saw the man
known to have been McAuliffe.

Among the other witnesses called was
one Lowrie, a conductor on a Sixth avenue
car. He said he saw the body of a man
in front of 863 Sixth avenue about 9:30
o'clock on Sunday morning, but didn't
stop his car. He admitted that he would
not stop his oar unless it had run down
some one, not even if he saw one man mur-
dering another on the sidewalk.

“So long as I am not In it,” sald he.

When Police Commissioner Partridge
heard of the verdict he said that consider-
able evidence had been taken to him which
tended to show that McAuliffe's death
was due to an accident, but that there
were “certain phases of the case” which
had not been cleared up.

“I will say for the? Police Department,”
he added, “that we do not intend to stop
our investigation until some of the myer-
tery shrouding the case is cleared away
We are working with the District Attor-
ney’s office to get at the facts.”

 

MRS. HETHERINGTON DIVORCED,

Her Husband Killed a Manin Japan Who
Paid Her Attention.

Wi_minaTon, Del., Feb. 27.—The Superior
Court to-day granted a divorce to Bessie
Hughes / Hetherington from Commander
James Hetherington, on the ground of de-
sertion

Some years ego Mrs. Hetherington went
to Japan to meet Lieut. Hetherington
and while there received attentions from a
Tandon bank» Hetherington shot bim
on eigit ad the courts acquitted him

Mrs. Hetherington gets possession of the
boy; and the father, of their little girl.

 

 

Fire, Fire, Fire.

Hand fire extinguishers; automatic A
; ing t re escapes.
Hayward & Co, 7 Canal st.—Ade. ”

 

eat a tt
re

| Morton

 

oven seam Om WOR OTLTMAN INSPIRED  INGULE

a Makes a Contract With Marconi
for Transatiantic Messages.

Quenec, Fel), 27.—Ten centa a word for
ordinary transatlantic telegraphio mes-
sages, with a press rate of five cents a
word, is the rate to be enjoyed by Cana-
dians in the near future in virtue of the re-
cent arrangement made by the Dominion
Government with Signor Marconi, The
details of the contract have just been made
public.

The Government will contribute $80,000
toward the erection of a statiog in Nova
Scotia, according to plans and specifica -
tions prepared by Marconi himself. Should
the station cost more than that amount the
additional expenditure will be borne by
the company. The company agrees that
the rates to be charged for messages bet ween
Canada and Great Britain shall not exceed
in any case the rates charged for similar
mersages between Great Britain and any
other parts of North America.

If the company's operations are success-
ful, it undertakes to transmit general mes-
sages at rates which shall be fully 60 per
cent. less than the rates now charged for
cablegrams between Canada and Great
Britain. In other words, whereas the rate
for general messages is at present 25 cents,
the company will charge not more than 10
cents a word, The company, as far as pos-
sible, will use Canadian machinery, material
and labor in the construction of the station
in Nova Scotia.

The Canadian Government undertakes
that all messages received by the company,
or intended for transmission by the com-
pany, shall be sent over Government tele-
graph lines now existing, or which may
hereafter be constructed or operated by
the Government, at rates not higher than
those charged to others for ordinary com-
mercial messages.

If the Government desires to use the
Marconi system as a means of communica-
ting with any of the lighthouses or life-
saving stations on the coast or between
the mainland and any island within the
jurisdiction of Canada, it is free to erect
such stations as it may require. In such
cases the company must furnish all machin-
ery needed for such stations at a fair and
reasonable price, and free from any charge
for patent rights or royalties.

It is agreed that there is to be no discrim-
ination on Marconi's part in favor of the
United States.

 

CARLETON BADLY HAURT.
“‘Florodora’’ Company in a Train Wreck
Near Cape Charles, Va.
Wrominotox, Del., Feb. 27.—Willlam
T. Carleton, the barytone, was in a rail-
road wreck this morning with the third
Ryley & Fisher Florodora company, and
is at a hotel here with concussion of the

spine, partly paralyzed.

The company of which he was the leading
man Jeft Norfolk last night after the per-
formance and started for Wilmington.
Shortly after they left Cape Charles on their
special train of three sleepers and two
baggage cars they ran into the rear end of
a freight train near a place called Birds
Nest. Fog prevented the engineer from
seeing the freight train's red light. The
engine of the special was wrecked and the
passengers were badly shaken up. Those
most seriously hurt were:

Witi1am T. CARLETON, spine seriously
wrenched; he is now in a hotel in this city
in care of physicians; will be taken to a
hospital in Philade)phia; is partly paralyzed.

CHARLES H. Bowrrs, comedian, thrown
out of his berth and injured about the back
and badly bruised; now at a hotel here.

G. T. Herr, manager; hurt internally,
but in charge of performance this evening,
although suffering with slight hemorrhage.

ANTHONY Booney, electrician; cut on leg.

Irnvina GoopricH, hands and arms
scalded,

Among the others more or less bruised
and shaken, were Frances Gordon, Ida
Dorge, Maude Davis, Libbie Munn, Anna
Young and Nellie Young.

The company were compelled to leave
their cars in order to prevent being burned,
for the wreckage took fire, They were
scantily dressed, but organized a fire bri-
gade and prevented the destruction of
the train. Farmers in the vicinity took
charge of the damaged ngers and
later on they were sent to Eastville. They
did not reach this city until 7 o'clock this
evening and the opera did not begin until

BO.

; The singers showed pe that they
were under a strain and the performance
was given under great difficulties. Rooney
and Goodrich were badly burned in their
efforta to save the life of the fireman of
the engine, whose name is not known
When the crash came he opened the steam
valves in order to ores an exponen
and was caught in the wreckage. Had it
not been for the two men mentioned he
would have been scalded to death. Most
of the opera people were in their berths
when the crash caine,

w. T.

 

Manager Fisher of the Florodora company
received a short telegram last night which
contained no particulars of the wreck,
except to say that Mr. Carleton’s spine was
injured. The company is scheduled to
arrive at Trenton, for a performance there,
to-night.

Carleton came here from England twenty
five years ago. He travelled as a baritone
with the John MeCaull Opera Company
and with Rudolph Aronson's Casino Opera
Company. He starred at the head of his
own company, known as the William T.
Carleton Opera Comyany, and later sang
with Lillian Russell

 

MORTON BUILDING SCORCHED.

Croker Says Skyscraper Tenants Should
Close Iron Shutters.

Fire did extensive damage in the building
at 87 Ann street early this morning, acorched
a few windows on the fifth and sixth floors
of the Morton Building and spread to the
buildings at 39 and 35 Ann street.

The fire got into several offices of the
Building, whose occupants had
neglected to close their iron shutters.

The firemen soon put the fire out. Chief
Croker says no harm would have befalien
the Mortor Building if the iron shutters
had been closed

Mrs. Ellen Bannon and her family
six were carried from the top floor o
building at 39 Ann street. Her son
was dying of pneumonia

FORGUNTRAL OF FIRST BRIGADE,

 

of
the
Philip

Col, Smith and Col, Campbell Are Can-
didates for the Place.

TRENTON, N. J., Feb Justice Fort
granted a preliminary injunction to-day
enjoining the election of a Brigadier-Gen-
eral for the First Brigade scheduled to take
vace in Jersey City to-morrow night
he order was procured by Col. Robert G.
Sinith of the Fourth Regiment of Jersey
City, a candidate for the place, on the
ground that the order for the election
enables the commanders of the First Troop
of Newark and Battery A of Orange to
participate in the election,

oo
-/

 

re near Grand Central Station of
tral. The enormous interchange
tuem, a6 it does travellers.—Ade

The new hote
the New York Cer
of tramMec attracts

  

 

 

SENATOR BACK OF THE TELE-
GRAM SENT TO ROOSEVELT.

 

South Carolina Aroused Over the Act of
Its LAeutenant-Governor — Message Sent
by Film as State Official — Telegram to
Be Disavowed by Committees— The
Insult Resented — May Hurt Exposition.

Cuarueston, 8, C., Feb. 27.—The tele-
gram sent yesterday by Lieut.-Gov, Till-
man to President Roosevelt withdrawing
the invitation recently forwarded the
President to deliver a sword to Major
Micah Jenkins on the occasion of his visit
to the Charleston Exposition, has called
forth the most bitter denunciation in this
State. To-day it was learned from a close
personal friend of Lieut.-Gov. Tillman
in this city that Senator Tillman had directed
that the invitation be withdrawn.

In an unguarded moment the Lieutenant-
Governor is said to have divulged the fact
that Senator Tillman felt the sting when
his invitation to dine at the White House
was withdrawn and in a spirit of retalia-
tion he conferred with his nephew, the
result of their conference appearing in the
despatch sent to Fresident Roosevelt yes-
terday.

While Lieut.-Gov. Tillman acted with-
out consultation with other members of
the committee who had raised funds for
the Jenkins sword, the fact that he signed
his despatch asa Lieutenant-Governor has
left a reproach on the State at large, and
because of this denunciation is all the more
severe. The sword presentation was only
a minor detail of the President's visit in
Charleston, and committees will be sent to
Washington to assure the Chief Executive
that the work of the Tillmane was arbitrary
and in violation of the sentiment and feel-
ing throughout the State.

WasHinaTton, Feb. 27.—If the nephew
of Senator Tillman, who 1s acting in the
dual capacity of Lieutenant-Governor of
South Carolina and Chairman of a popular
Subscription Committee, expected by
means of an insulting telegram to disturb
the peace of mind of Theodore Rooeevelt,
he will be disappointed.

The telegram of James H. Tillman was
received at the White House this morning
and was laid before the President. It
told him first, that the committee thanked
him for accepting the invitation to present
a sword to Major Micah Jenkins of the
Rough Riders. In the second place it told
him that some of the subscribers to the
eword fund wished to have the President
withdraw his acceptance.

President Roosevelt received many other
telegrams from Charleston during the day,
and if he had been disposed to lose sieep
on account of the Tillman communications
his mind would certainiy have been soothed
by these messages. Every one of them
was a warm expression of loycity from
prominent citizens or organizations and a
round denunciation, not only of Lieut.-Gov.
Tillman, but of his graceless uncle. They
assured the President that they deplored
the whole Tillman business, no less of the
unole than that of the nephew.

It is said authoritatively that no attention
whatever will be paid by the President
to the telegram from Tillman, Reports
have been circulated to-day that the Presi-
dent would express his resentment of the
outrageous treatment he has received at
the hands of the two Tillmans by refusing
to attend the Charleston Exposition, ‘but
it is announced, also on authority, that
Mr. Roosevelt has not considered what
effect these disagreeable incidents will
have on his plans for the Southern trip.

It is hardly likely that he will allow any-
thing that has happened during the last
week to alter his plans for visiting the
Exposition, but it is uncertain, as it was
before, Just when he will go. The Presi-
dent is already receiving urgent requests
from. some of the best people in South
Carolina not to allow the actions of the
Tillman family to affect his plane for visit-
ing the fair.

Cuicaao, Feb. 27.—Chicagoans who have
been planniig to take part in the Dlinois
Day celebration at Charleston, 8. C., March
11, declare themselves astounded to-day
at an insult to President Roosevelt by
Lieut.-Gov. James A. Tillman, reported
in despatches from Columbia, S.C. Strong
intimations are made that the Marquette
and Hamilton clubs will not visit the ex-
position unless the management of the ex-
position repudiates Tillman and the insult.

It was the chief subject of discussion
at all the clubs to-day. They assert that
the action of Tillman is “unwarranted and
contemptible,” and President Bush of the
Marquette Club and President Munger of
the Hamilton Club were in accord when
seen to-day that the Exposition manage-
ment must promptly apologize to the Chief
Executive or lose the support of “all self-
respecting Americans.”

It is surmised by Republicans generallly
that Gov. Yates also will desire to learn
whether the studied insult to the President
is sanctioned by the Exposition manage-
ment. The belief is strong that unless
amends are made Illinois Day will be badly
marred if not wholly cancelled at the
Exposition.

TILLMAN SEEKS TO REMOVE BAN,

 

 

Asks Permission of the Senate to Be
Recognized by the Chatr.
Wasninoton, Feb. 27.—In the Senate
to-day President pro tem. Frye suggested
that unanimous consent be given that
Senator Tillman be recognized to-morrow

to state his question of personal privilege, |

as indicated in his note to Mr. Frye. Mr.
Surrows, chairman of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, objected, thus

| preventing Tillman from being recognized

until he is purged of contempt. Mr. Till-
man's note to the President pro tem
as follows:

was

Unitep States SENATE, |
Wasminoton, D.C, Feb. 27.5
To the Hon, Wuiiam BP. Frye, President pro
tem, of the Senate
Sir: As soon as you shall have announced
officially that my name has been restored
to the Senate roll, I desire to rise to a ques-

tion of the highest privilege, and as 1 do not |

know whether you would recognize me under
the circumstances, I take this means of asking
you to submit my request to the Senate for
permission to do this and to give me an op-
portunity to state my reasons for doing so
Yours respectfully, Kh. R. TintMan
Tillman's purpose waa to force the re-

moval of the ban of contempt. He wished
the President pro tem. to put to the Senate

 

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1902.—coperioht, 1902, by 7he Sun

    

ee

|

 

the question of allowing him to speak, |

which, if carried, would in effect remove
the ban. He found fault with Senator
Frye after adjournment, because the latter
asked unanimous consent instead of putting

 

 

Rooks, Autographs, Prints, Mezzotints from
Me iKiee Gad Kase saies op exhibition at Saith's, 49
cw St.—Adt,

|
|

 

 

it to a vote, Mr. Frye, however, said he
had carried out to the letter the request
by Tillman. The latter had asked him to
submit it to the Senate, and he had done
so. If he had asked him to submit to a
vote of the Senate, that would have been
another thing, which would have required
a motion by some Senator on the floor.
Then a formal vote could have been had
on the motion to allow him to speak. This
motion could not, of course, be made by
Tillman, as he is in contempt and for that
reason unable to make a motion

Tillman's move to-day is lookea upon
by other Senators as an adroit attempt to
forestall action by the Privileges and Elec-
tions Committee, which is now consk sing
the whole matter.

A meeting of the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Eleetions will be heldto-
morrow morning, and according to the
indications to-night a resolution providing
for the censure of Senators Tillman anc
McLaurin will be agreed to that will be
adopied in the Senate later in the day by
the joint votes of Republicans and Demo-
crats

A sub-committee consisting of Senators
Burrows, Foraker and Hoar, Republicans,
and Pettus and Bailey, Democrats, were
in session all the afternoon, but no agree-
ment was reached, To-night the Repu
lican meinbers of the sub-co:nmittee held
a@ protracted seasion and prepared a reso-
lution to be submitted to the full committee
fo-morrow morning.

ON ACCOUNT OF BEAUX.

 

 

 

Katie Coliins of the Bookbindery Takes
Polson — Marte Kraumack Shot.

Because “Charlie” wouldn't have any-
thing more to do with her, seventeen-year-
old Katie Collins of 62 Monroe street tried to
poison herself at her home late last night
by swallowing carbolic acid,

“Oh, Charlie, Charlie, won't you come
back to me?” she cried as she was being
taken to Gouverneur Hospital. That's all
she would say.

Her uncle, Thortnas Collins, with whom
ashe lived, said he didn't know who “Charlie”
was,

Katie was pretty and worked in a book
bindery. In the hospital it was said that
she may recover.

Marie Kraumack of 407 East Seventy-
second street, who is only 16 years old,

shot herself near the heart yesterday after-
noon, She had just quarrelled with a
young man who had been to see her, She
was dying when taken to the Presbyterian
Hospital.

DADY CHANGES HIS MIND.

Gays Now He Won't Give Up His Place in
the Election Board.

Michael J. Dady made a statement yes-
terday emphatically disavowing anyi nten-
tion to resign his place as Election Com-
missioner, the incumbency of which does
not apparently interfere with his private
business excursions from time to time to
Cuba, Mexico and other distant regions.

He said

I positively will not resign my position
as Flection Commissioner, The argument
that I am too busy and too often out of the
city to perform the duties of the office {s
yure claptrap. Kverybody who knows me
tnows that! cannot afford to accept a public
office which would require me to devote to
it my whole time

The work of the Flections Board {ts done
at a time of the year when other public offices
end most business men are least busy, I
hold the place more as a custodian of the
interes.s of the Republicans than in any other
oa pacity.

SENATOR HAS A SON-IN-LAW

And Didn't Know It— Miss hiennessy Mrs.
Goggin Since November.
ALBANY, Feb. 27.—State Senator Joseph
P. Hennessy, who lives at 169th street and
Boston road, in The Bronx, received to-day
a letter from his seventeen-year-old daugh-
ter May saying that on Novy. 21 of last year

she had been married to Henry Goggin, a
clerk in the General Post Office, that Mamma
Hennessy had granted her forgiveness
and that the Senator's was requested. It
was all news to him.

 

 

 

 

 

The youthful Mra, Goggin said last night
that she didn’t see why her father shouldn't
bless her and her husband. They were
married, she said, at St. Peter’a Church in
Barclay street, and she had told her mother
all about it soon after the ceremony

Mr. Goggin, it is said, was desirous of
having the ceremony performed at the
time to get ahead of a formidable rival to
Misa Henneesy's hand

MMS. ASTOR'S NAMF ON TAX LIST.
Newport Assessors Put a Vaination of
86250,000 on Her Personal Property.

Newport, R. I., Feb. 27.—The name of
Mrs. Caroline Astor has been added to the
tax list of Newport for taxation on personal
property. This was done to-day at the
last meeting of the Tax Assessors. The
amount for which Mrs. Astor is taxed is
not yet given out. but it is understood to be
$250,000. The Tax Assessors withhold the
amount until they have signed the entire
list, which will be done in aduy ov two. Mrs
Astor did not appear before the Assessors
in person, but was represented by counsel,
who also appeared for William E. Scher-
merhorn, Samuel C. Huntington and Ham-
iiton Fish Webster, all of whom were made
legal residents of the State at the last ses-
gion of the Supreme Court All come
from New York.
Ledyard, who recently purchased the Low
estate, has been added to the tax list on
realty.

 

NOT PARK AVENUE, BUT NEARIT.

Subway Gas Explosion Starts Inquiries
in a Frightened Crowd.

While about fifty men and women were
waiting at Fifty-ninth street and Madison
avenue at 9 o'clock last night for cara of
the lines which iseue transfera there thoy
were startled by a loud explosion and three
fron manhole covers were blown high in the
alr.

“Are we on Park avenue?” inquired a
timid woman of the policernan at the cor-
ner

“No,” replied
Madison.”

“Well it must be near Park,” she said

The explosion was caused by a spark
from an electric wire setting afire the ac-
cumulated gas in one of the Metropolitan
Street Railway's subways in Fifty-ninth
etreet. It smashed three street
and scared a team of horses, but
other damage

the policeman, “this is

did no

O'DONOVAN ROSSA DYING.
Fenian Leader Has Blood Potsoning—In
Colerado Springs Hospttal.
Covorapo Sprinas, Col., Feb. 27.-—D.
O'Donovan Roesa, the famous Irish agi-

tator and Fenian leader, is dying at St
Francis Hospital here. A week ago, in
paring a call mused place on the sole

of his right foot, he cut
biood poisoning resulted

too deep and
from neglect.

| The entire leg is much swollen
Amputation was decided on last night,

but Rossa finaly forbade it. To-day sey-

eral incisions were made in the foot and |

as a drain. Hoe
His weight,

eeveral bones removed
is in a comatose condition.
300 pounds, is against him.
Dr. Richardson, city physician, who is
in attendance, does not expect recovery.

 

Luxurious Train to California,
the “Overland Limited,” via Chieago & North-
Western, Union Pactfic and Southern Pacific Hys.
New compartment observation cars, library cars
and Staing cars, Offices, 61, 287 and 34 iway.
Adr.

 

The name of Lewis Caas |

lamps |

   

 

AFTER THEATRE EXITS WERE
ALL OPEN AND LIGHTS UP.

 

 

A Few Hundred of the Grand Opera House
Audience Went Out and Some Ap-
peared on the Fire Escapes --Level-

Headed Men Empty Lodge Rooms,
Twenty-three hundred persons, not
counting the deadheads, in the Grand

Opera House last night listened to a state-
ment from the stage that there was 4

but that there was no danger

Before the announcement was made
Manager James H. Springer had had the
lights turned up, all the emergency exits
opened and sent the ushers to their fire-
stations at the heads of the aisles

Alice Hunt, the leading woman in the
Old Kentucky Company, made a little
speech, @he said:

“Don't get worried, I am going to stay
right here. There is no danger.”

A man from the street did his beat to
make mischief
lobby yelling fire at the top of his voice
and started for the parquet. Policemen
O'Donnell and Beatty grabbed him and
threw him into the street

About 300 persons went

out. Three
ment for a minute or two, but they were
revived in the corner drug store. Men
from the top gallery went
exits leading to the top landings of the
outside fire escapes and the sight of them
caused plenty of excitement in the street
But the men on the fire escapes went back
into the theatre. After the announcement

 

was resumed

The fire was in the room of the Andrew
Jackson Lodge, Junior Order of American
Mechanics, on the top floor, The wains-
coting caught from an electric light wire;
The lodge was in session when a little puff
of emoke come through a crack in the
wood work. The lodge immediately ad-
journed, but in good order and every man
saved his regalia

The fire i(self was so trivial that the
amoke did not get into any other part of
the big building. But the news of it did
and fortunately for the theatre crowd

and the members of half a dozen other |

lodges in session, each assembly was
blessed with one or more cool headed
officials who knew just what to say and
how to say it.

On their way downstairs the American
mechanics told Samuel D. Singleton, who

fire.
and notified one man in each meeting that
there was a fire, but that there was plenty
| of time to get out without a crush.

| On the third floor, directly beneath
Jackson Lodge, the Citizen Council of the
| Roval Arcanum was having an ice cream

Singleton went from room to room

and cake festival. There were 250 per-
sons there, including a good many women
and some children. the ice cream had
not been served when Augustus Riordan,
Past Grand Regent of the Roval Arcanum
in the State of New York, was told of the
fire by Singleton. He went to the platform
and said:

*“We are uncomfortably crowded

this room. The manager of the building

in

has just told me that there is a much larger |

room downstairs which we can have. Allin

favor of going downstairs will please say |
. |

}
‘aye.

There was a chorus of ayes and then
Mr. Riordan started for the door.

“Follow me,” he said to the crowd, ‘and
come quickly, for it is getting late and the
ice cream will melt.”

The crowd followed. Nobody smelled

amoke and Mr. Riordan's little plan worked

likeacharm. At the foot of the first flight
oing down, Riordan led his flock to the
| fad of the stairs leading to the street
and got everybody down to the sidewalk

Then he told them there was a fire up-

stairs, Half an hour later they went back

and ate up the ice cream.

Ocean odge of Free Masons led by
Master William Armstrong and his Senior
Warden and Junior Warden, marched
downstairs in full regalia from their lodge
room on the third floor A lot of Knights
of Honor did the same thing

|
|
|

 

FRANK W. HACKETT IN A RAGE,

 

Ordered Off the Floor of the House by

Direction of Gen. Grosvenor of Onto,

WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.—Frank W. Hack-
ett, former Assistant Secretary of
Navy, was ordered off the floor of the House
of Representatives to-day at the express
Mr

the

direction of Gen. Grosvenor of Ohio

Hackett left the hall crimson
and mortification. Through the courtesy
of Senator Foraker he secured a card en-
titling him to admission to the galleries
Former Assistant Secretaries do not have
the privilege of the floor, but Mr. Hackett
tested the thing, and in the confusion over
the arrangements for the McKinley mem-
oria] exercises, ran the gauntlet of the door-
keepers. Mr. Hackett was walking around
the House with what one of the pages
termed “a chesty air,” when the eagie eye
of Representative Grosvenor discovered
him

“What is that man doing in here?” de-
manded Grosvenor, turning to one of the
| doorkeepers. “He has no business ot
the floor of the House; he is a fraud.”

The white-haired Congressman
Ohio was red hot all over, until he saw

the corridor beyond. Once on the ont
side Mr. Hackett managed to coagulate
some of the indignation in his system and

went off in search of Senator Foraker
to burden the latter with his troubles
; Senator Foraker and — Representative

| Grosvenor were chairmen of the committee
| in charge of the memorial exercises

TO REACH UPART OF MONTREAL,

 

Vanderbilts Have New Plans for Bridge
and Terminals to Cost 810,000,000,
MonTREAL, Que., Feb. 27.—That Dr
Webb is determined to have an independent
entranue to Montreal for the Vanderbiit
| railways running in this district is now
apparent, for the cat has heen let out of
the bag by the Hon. Mr. Tarte, Minister of

Public Works
The Montreal Bridge Company's scheme

\for a bridge across the St. Lawrence |

| has received a good deal of publicity

| of late and it WAS believed
that the Vanderbilta were inter-

ested in it, but now the representatives of
| Dr. Webb have submitted other plans to
the Government, which would give the
railways using it an entrance to the heart
of the city It would also furnish free ac-
cess to the public to the park on St. Helens
Island and special facilities to residents
of the towns on the ®outh shore of the
Bt Lawrence

The cost of the bridge and terminals is
estimated at something like $10,000,000

 

| Gerry Society Stops Children's Play.
A performance of “Cinderella” at the
| Herald Square Theatre yesterday after-
noon by a ~ of children, moat of
whom are pupils in public schools, was
stopped by order of Agent Agnew of the
' Gerry society on the ground that moet of
the children Lad not obtained the necessary
| permite

Kernett’s Vanilla Extract
the best, and the best is none toe good for your food.
~Adt

Printing and Publishing Association,

small fire in the building, on the top floor, |

He rushed into the theatre |

or four women were overcome by excites |

through the |

had been made from the stage most of the |
audience sat down—-they had all stood up |
at the first word about fire—and the play |

has charge of the entire building, about the |

with rage |

from |

Hackett's coat tails disappearing through ,

brisk

   

 

OTHERS SHOT, THIEF WASN'T.
€

e
He Get Away With a Nickel Swag While
the Pollee Were Wounaing Volks.

Two persons were shot last night by two |
policemen who thought they were aiming |
ata highway robber who had stolen 5 cents |

from his last victim.
without a scrateh,

One of the policemen was “Suspender
Jack” McGee, the former cowboy. The
other was Van Winkle, who has a Prince
Henry beard. The persons shot were
Mary Farley, 60 years old, of 17 City Hall
place and Daniel B. Murphy of 22 City Hall
place. Mrs. Farley was shot in the big
| toe and Murphy under the eye.

Francisco Copacio of Fort Lee, N. J.,
lost the nickel. He was knocked down
and robbed of ferry money at Centre and
Duane streets and his shouts attracted
the policemen.

The robber got away

MARRIES HER FOSTER SON,

Mrs. A. A. Clark, Aged 60, Becomes the
Wife of Martin Meyer, Aged 30.

New Haven, Conn., Feb. 26
| riage of Mrs. Anna Augusta Clark to her
foster son, Martin Meyer, which took place
on Dec, 26 last, was announced to-day, when
the couple started for a trip to Florida
Mr. Clark died a few years ago, leaving
| @ good-sized fortune to his widow. One
| of the provisions of his will was a bequest

to receive after the death of his foster
mother. Mr. Meyer was a farmer boy
and had been brought up by Mr. and Mrs
; Clark. He is 30 years the junior of his
wife, whose age is about 60. He made

his home with hia foster mother since the |

death of Mr. Clark.
The Rey. W. W

Plymouth Congregational

formed the ceremony.

Church, per-

100 MILES DONE IN WATER SHOES.

Capt. Grossmann Arrives at Vienna Towing
His Wife in a Boat.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Vienna, Feb. 27.—Capt. Grossmann, who
started on Feb. 6 to walk down the Danube
from Linz to Vienna, 100 miles, on his newly
invented water-walking shoes, towing his
wife in a boat, arrived here yesterday.

The long time spent on the journey is
| explained by the fact that Capt. Gross-
mann stopped at several places to give
exhibitions of his shoes. These are five
yards long

The trip was made without mishap, not-
withstanding there was an unusually strong
eurrent and much floating ice in the river.
In addition, there were a number of storms,
which made the travelling perilous.

SPANISH-AMERICAN TREATY,

Spain Objects to Clause Prohibiting the
Acquiring of Property.
Special Cadle Despatch to TUR Sum.

Maprip, Feb. 27.—In a conference with
Senators to-day the Duke of Almodovar,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, declared that
the Government was opposed to the clause
in the Spanish-American treaty prohibit-
ing Americans from acquiring property
in Spain and vice versa.

 

 

 

} been signed and he could not undertake
to submit it to Parliament until it had
| been signed.

KAISER CABLES THANKS

 

To “Shooter's Island, Hoboken,” to the
Bullder of His Yacht,

Wallace Downey of the company that
built the German Emperor's yacht Meteor
received this despatch in English from
Berlin yesterday:

Best thanka and congratul
she prove all | hope her to be

Wituian, R. 7

The despatch was addressed, “Shooter's
Island, Hoboken.” Hoboken evidently fills
a large arc on the Imperial horizon

 

itions. May

| SUICIDE, LIKE SILVERMAN,

 

Worry Over Husband's Death Leads the
Pawnbroker's Widew to Shoot Herself,

Mra. Augusta Silverman, widow of the
pawnbroker who was found shot through
the head in his locked store in upper Third
avenue on Feb. 6, last year, committed

suicide at her home, 66 East Ninetieth street,
| yesterday morning by shooting herself
through the heart. She killed
with an old-fashioned percussion-cap re-
| volver It was found by her side

The police said when her husband, Marcel]
Silverman, died that }
His widow always declared that he was
murdered by ‘thieves and that Just before
his death he gasped, “They've done me
see if the money is in the drawer." He
was killed with a .22-calibre rey
no weapon of that calibre could be found
in his house or store

His widow brooded over his d

» committed suicide

ath. She

would never believe that he killed himself, |

no matter what the police said Aocord-

ing to the neighbors, she has tried to com-
mit suicide several times since
MR. GORDON FOUND TWIMSELF. |

Police Stations and Headquarters Had Been
Invited to Find tim.

A man and a woman, who part of the
time went in an ordinary cab and part of
the time in an auto cab, made a tour of
most of the uptown police stations yester
day afternoon inquiring for a man whor
they described as J. L. Gordon, a lawyer,
of 55 East Forty-ninth street

The couple also went to
quarters for a trace of Mr
got none there

4 Mr. Nicholson lives at 55 East Forty
ninth «street Mr. Nicholson told a 1
porter who went there last — that Mr
Gordon had turned up all right

“He's here now,” he added

Police Head
Gordon, but

POISONED IN A TURKISH BATH. |

Drugs for External tse Paul Eiharst Had
Taken Internally.

atinamith of 400 East
Seventh-sixth etreet, was found unconscious
in a Turkish bath at 245 East
fifth street early last night. On the floor
beside him was a bottle labelled * Poison
For external use only.”

A Presbyterian Hospital ambulance sur-
ge said that Eiharst had used the stuff
whatever it Waa, internally instead of ex-
ternally He was taken to the hoepital
in the evstody of a policeman, who will
charge Eiliarst with attempted suicide if
he recovers

harst,

Paul }

Seventy-

 

 

| To Put Its Wires Under Ground.

| Evszanetn, N. J. Feb The Penn-
eyivania Railroad Company, with the ex-
last great storm and others

o
of

 

perience of the

which were particularly severe on wires
and poles, has decided to place all of its
wires between New York and Philadelphia

' under ground. The work of burying the
| wires will be begun at once,

The mar- ,

of $5,000 to his foster son, which he was |

McLane, pastor of the |

He added that the treaty had not yet |

herself |

iver and |

FripAYy, FEBRUARY 28, 1902.
Rain to-day and probably to-morrow;

to high southeast winds

—_—

PRICE TWO CENTS.
"PRINCE HENRY IN WASHINGTON

HE KEEPS UP HIS WHIRLWIND
PACE TO THE FULL LIMIT,

 

 

| Visits the German Embassy, Attends the
Mckiniey Memortal Services at the
Capttol, Taking a Stand-tp Laneh
in a Committee Room, and Then
Rushes Of (to Mount Vernon— Capt,
Schmidt Schwind Is Taken for
the Prince in Alexandria and Receives
All the Honors— The Prince Places a
Wreath Prom the Kaiser on Washing-
ton's Sarcophagus, Plants a Linden
Tree on the Grounds and Goes Through
the Mansion Dinner at the White
Hlouse- The Programme for To-day.

yon

WASHINGTON,
; kept up the

Feb. 27.— Prince Henry
pace of his whirlwind tour to
| the full limit during all of to-day. As far
the Prinee concerned the
arduous campaign he has been conducting
since 1 o'clock in the afternoon of Sunday
last has had little effect upon him except
He is by all odds
in the best fettle of any of his company.
Although he has slept three nights in a
railroad train out of the four since he landed
here and on al! of these nights with con-
siderably Jess than the proper allowance
of sleep, his face shows no signa whatever
| of the strain, with the exception, perhaps,
that the color in his cheeka is not quite so
marked as it was when Admiral Evans
greeted him on the deck of the Kronprinz
on Sunday morning last. The members
of his suite are pretty well tiredout and some-
what depressed from lack of proper sleep,
and on the way down to Mount Vernon this
afternoon several of them nodded and one
| or two went off into profound slumber as
the electric car was rushing swiftly along
down the Potomac
The Prince got up this morning when
the train was just a little the other side of
Baltimore and breakfasted during the run
from Baltimore to Washington, where he
arrived at exactly 9 o'clock, From the
| station he went to the German Embassy
and there was busy receiving calls and
looking after his correspondence until
noon, Then he went to the Capitol and
attended the McKinley memorial exercises,
| taking a stand-up luncheon in the room of
the Senate Committee on Military Affairs,
From the Capitol he went rushing off,
|} accompanied by his military escort from
| the Second Cavalry, to the station of the
Washington, Alexandria and Mount Ver-
In m electric road. Hore it was found
that owing to the high water, which had
|
|

as himself is

to produce some fatigue

flooded the conduits, all the cars were
stalled as far as the Washington side of
the Long Bridge. So the cavalcade again
rushed off and brought up at the bridge
at about half past 2. After a wait of some
} ten minutes, during which Prince Henry
and his suite stood in the street along the
track, the finely equipped electric train
which was to carry him to Mount Vernon
arrived.

It consisted of two cars, finely car-
peted and provided with easy pillow
chairs, having in addition to the regular
crew a young man who acted as guide
and in aloud voice made a somewhat lengthy
speech explanatory of the historical spots
which were passed. A considerable crowd
gathered at the Washington end of the
bridge to see the Prince off, and they were
rewarded by a better view of him and
his suite than people had. There
was little or no cheering, but just a long,
steady etare on the part of the people,
which Prince Henry accepted as a matter
of course and gave everybody as good
| an opportunity as possible to have a look

atl lilin

most

MISTAEEN FOR THE PRINCR,
The Prince's cat

was the last one of the

train. By a window at about the middle
of the car in front sat Capt. Schmidt von
Sehwind The Captain, of course, waa
in full 1 orm, and as he wears his mus-
taches in the sts affected by his Majesty,
the German Emperor, hia general ap-
pearan ery well filled the popular idea
gathered from portraits what the Kaiser
looks lik It was probably this fact
which, after the train started, made people
all along the line of the road mistake him
for the Prince They pointed at him and
waved handkerchiefs) and cheered him,
and when Alexandria was reached and
| the train mace tts way slowiy through
} the street packed on both sides with dense
crowds of people, the Cemonstration in
honor of Herr Sclimidt von Sechwind took
n the form of a genuine ovation

Phe recipieu these honors appeared
distinetly at ea and he was not made
| any more comf o by the continuous
fire of chaff wet from the other
members of t who were sitting
near him. He t ! s back partially
tot window, but « n that did not suffice
to ( k the ardor of } admirers. At
whate rangle he got there was always

i the

sireet some general
imperial mustaches,

to be
onutine

seen fror

 

 
 

ich are so distinctiv assuciated with the
pictures of his Maj lhe people of
Alexandria evidently regarded this as only
an incident to a strong family resemblance
io them Cap!. Schinidt von Sechwind was
Prince Henry of Prussia, and they would
have no other Not an eye was turned
oract r directed toward the car in which
Prince Henry reauy sat
At length, * height of the demon-
stration, Prince Henry, who had been
immensely amused at it from the time it
begar dded somewhat to Capt. Schmidt
von Sehwind'’s embarrassment over his
insought honors by sending Mr. Wilkie,
Chief of the Secret Service, who with sev-
eral of his agents was on the train, for-
ward into the car which was the object
of a much popular attention Chief
Wilkie came with a meseage from the
Prince Herr Schmidt von Sehwind
; _ @H wee desires me to say to you,
| Capt. Sclinudt von Seliwind * said the ¢ Kiet,
epeaking with respectful gravity, “that it
behooves you to behave yourself with a
great deal of circumspection. ‘The people
of Alexandria think that you are me. Be
careful that voudo! ipromise me.*®
This incident caused a gvod deal of
laughter in whiel ; Schmidt von
Schwind heartily joined. He returned a
| meseage by Chief Will ty Prince Henry
to the effect that Capt. Sehmidt von
| Schwind, felt the full weight of his respon
| sibility and would govern | eelf in his
poor way to the best of his ability
AT MOUNT VERNON
| The run to Mount Vers which usually
takes an lou t r, v # lithe
lover forty minute The ra id #tation
| is at the edge of the er nthe rear of
the Waehington hor. He here WAR
a sinall crowd gathers mong them sev-
jeral lad a) f f the Ladies’
Association, W h ha inge of the Waeh-
ington home, there ap peare Mre. Jnetin
Van Rensselaer Townsend of New Yort

i who ia the Regent of the ase riation, and
| several other ladies who are Vice-Regents
| These, with Mr. i. H. Dodge, who is super-

Renate

ey

a

LTRS re P78!

ge

ee ee

ee

=z

yd