—_——

‘OL, LIXV—KXO. 239,

 

 

 

Sf, PAUL SINKS A CRUISER

roUR LIVES LOST ON BRITISH
WARSHIP GLADIATOR,

 

vessels Collided in Thick Snewsterm on
the Solent—Liner’s Beate De Great
Work Rescuing Man-o'-War's Men—Sho
Puts Back Inte Port—Wreck Beached,

Special Cadle DeSpatch to Tan Sun.

sovTHaAMPTON, April 26.—The American
Line steamship St, Paul, which out down
the British cruiser Gladiator in the Solent
at 2 o'clock this afternoon, arrived at her
dock here at 8:30 o’olock to-night, bringing
some of the survivors of the Gladiator's
crew, who had been ploked up by her boata.

The official acoount of the disaster issued
by the Admiralty in London says the
Gladiator was beached after the collision,
All the officers except Lieut. Graves were
saved. Three members of the crew were
drowned The cruiser now lies a hundred
vards offshore. Only her keel is visible.

The St, Paul's bowa are badly stove in.
She will go into dry dock immediately and
the repairs necessary will require several
weeks. No ope was injured on board her.
Her passengers will sail on the Teutonic
on Wednesday, the 20th.

The St. Paul sailed from this port for New
York at noon to-dfy. She had only twenty-
one first cabin passengers, with a fair list
in the second cabin. As she proceeded
down the Solent the thick weather developed
into a dense snowstorm, amounting to a
blizzard.

The Gladiator left Portland at 10 o'clock
this morning for Portamguth. She was
running at a speed of eight knots an hour,
Capt. Lumsden was on the bridge.

The liner was forging ahead at a low
rate of speed, making for the Channel,
when at 2 o’clook in the afternoon, between
Yarmouth, Isle of Wight, and the Needles,
che struck the Gladiator.

No one on board the warship had a glimpse
of the liner until whe crashed into the Gladi-
ator's sidg. Two or three of the warship's
crew climbed on board the liner before she
tacked away.

The Gladiator to sink rapidly.
“he was hit almost amidships and out far
helow the water line. The St. Paul, stand-
ing by, wunobed her boate at once, There
was a very light sea running and the thick
weather was the only embarrassment to
the work of rescue, Several of the men
ewam ashore to Yarmouth Beach.

An eyewitness of thé bollision says the
crash came with scarcely a moment's warn-
ing. The liner was proceeding at half
speed in a blinding snowstorm in the Solent,
The pilot waa still in charge.

The slate colored hull of the warship
suddenly loomed up less thap a ship's
length ahead. There was just time to
tignal to the engine room “Full speed
astern” when the crash came.

The shock to the St. Paul was severe,
but no one was injured. The watertight
compartments were closed instantaneously.
The blow t6 the cruiser was terrific. Its
force waa so great that it threw her in-

* stantly almost on her beam ends. About

150 of her orew were on deck, and fully a
score were pitehed overboard by the shook
and many were injured.

Those in the water trieg to scramble
up the sides of the sinkihg ship. The St.
Paul's boats, Which were lowered with
considerable promptness, resgued some
of these and also picked up others who
were attempting to swim ashore. The
Gladiator had no time te lower her boats
as her disablement was complete from
the moment the St. Paul struok her.

One of the St. Paul’s passengers said
that he and @ party of friends were sitting
in the smoking room when suddenly a
tremendous arash "shook the vessel. All
the passengers hurried on deck, running
excitedly to and fro, as it was feared that
the liner wag sinking.

Order was quickly restored and boats
rere lowered. The Gladiator could be seen
just ahead, She was already heeled over
and there was a tremendous gash amidships
where the St. Paul’s bow had out half
through her. One of the St. Paul's boats
sank during the life saving efforta, but the
crew was immediately pioked up.

The St. Paul's passengets, who were close
witnesses of the thrilling soene, say there

was perfect discipline on board the founders.

ing cruiser, Many of the crew who were
awaiting rescue joined in lustily singing
“Rule Britannia.”

The St, Paul stood by until all the men of
the cruiser who had been thrown overboard
and who could be found had been rescued.
The liner's own condition at that time was
such that she wae obliged to return to her
dock at onod,

When the St. Paul struck the Gladiator
one of the latter’s boi burst, injuring a
oumber of men In the stokehole.

One of the St. Paul's orew noticing a blue-
jacket in great distress in the water jumped
overboard fully elothed and rescued him,
When the man-o'-warsman was brought
aboard the St, Paul it was found that both
of his legs were broken.

The eormmander of the Gladiator was tho
‘ast person to leave the vessel, He was
taken off in one of the St. Paul's lifeboats.
Afterward he sent a message to Capt.
Passow of the liner thankirig him and prais-
‘ng the splendid efforts af the St. Paul's
crew

Wild stories in regard to the sinking of
‘he Gladiator by the St. Paul ‘glarmed
(6ndon and Southampton all day, for
owing to the damage to the wires by the
blizvard the facts of the accident were
tot known until nearly midnight. Crowds
besieged the gates at the dock at South-
4mpton awaiting the arrival of the’ dam-
&ged liner,

The battleship Prince George has been
ordered to proceed with two other war-

ships and two tugs to the soene of the
Gisa ster,

The St. Paul of the American Line used
0 be one of the fastest of transatlantic
boats She was built in 1896 at the Crampe'
varde in Philadelphia. She made a record
"un from Southampton’ to New York in
June, 189°, covering the distance in six
Gays five hours and thirty-two minutes.
ln August of the same year the St, Paul
made the same course in six days thirty-one
Minutes. —

Her best hourly speed was 21.08 knots.
Her best day's run was 640 knots. Like
*ome other of the boats of the line, she is
Sra canemanycn

; w
“*Y ‘ripe are made.
* 4 the

war the Govern:
Ment took over the St. Paul with

 

i?

 

 

  

ocean steamers, among them the St. Louis,
New York and Paris. Among the reserved
merchant cruisers her tonnage is fixed at
11,620, She is credited with 18,000 horse-
power, Her length is 685 feet, beam 63
feet and draught 26 feet. She has four
decks, two funnels and two masts.

The St, Paul's stee] construction, ag good
as that of an unprotected cruiser, was re-
garded as enough for her in the perform-
anoes of her services as a scout ship in the
Spanish-American War. Her armament
consisted of six five inch guns, twelve six
pounders and six three pounders, The St.
Paul's chief duty in the war was to look out
for signs of Cervera’s fleet. She was de-
tailed to cruise between Jamaica and, Hayti
to find out when Cervera’s fleet made
& move from Curacoa to enter any Cuban
port. She was in oommand of Charles
D, Sigebee, then a captain, who had been
the captain of the U. 8. & Maine when she
was blown up in Havana harbor. A bronse
plate in the main companionway of the St.
Paul commemorates the ship's experience
as a warrior.

The Gladiator belongs to the second clase
of cruisers, of the type built on the estimates
of 1906-06. She was laid down in Ports-
mouth in January of 1806 and finished on
December 8 of that year, The Gladiator
class inoludes the Arrogant, Vindietive
and Furious, They are not large boats,
being rated at 6,750 tons displacement.
They are of 10,000 horse-power and develop
at beet speed nineteen knots. The Gladiator
is of steel, twin screw, with three funnels.
She has two masts, with a low top on the
foremast only. The coal capacity is from
500 normal to 1,175 tons emergenoy, so that
the bunkers are nowhere near as great as
tose of the St. Paul, which carries 4,600
tons.

The cruisers of this clase are 820 feet
long, 57 feet 6 inches in beam and of 21
feet mean draught. There is protection
on the decks and in the bows only. The
deck protection is of one inch hardened
steel, covered with from one-half to two
inches of nickel steel. From the bows
forty feet back on either side there is pro-
tection of two inch plates to the height of
the main deck. Te are no casemates
These boats carry eleven quick firing six
Moh guns,eight quick firing twelve pounders,
one twelve pounder field or boat gun, three
quick firing three peunders, five Maxim
machine guns of .45 calibre and two broad-
side torpedo tubes submerged. Each boat
carries seven torpdoes.

These boate have a complement of 450.
They are designed to serve as rams and
they have double rudders, the foremost
being between the screws. The Gladiator is
commanded by Captain Walter Lumsden.

TO SHOOT UP THE FLORIDA,

Navy to Test the Effect of Sheils and Tor-
pedoes on a Modern Warship.

Wasuinoton, April 25.—For the first
time in the history of the United States
Navy a practical test to determine the
actual effect of shells and torpedoes on a
modern war vessel will be held in Chesa-
peake Bay about the middle of May. The
target will be the monitor Florida, which
has been at the Norfolk Navy Yard for the
last severa] months, where she was specially
fitted for the experiment. The shells and
torpedoes will be fired by her sister ship,
the monitor Arkansas. A statement was
given owt at the Navy Department in which
it is said: ‘

“The object of these experiments is to
obtain complete and accurate information
in @ practical way concerning the actual
effect upon the internal fittings and other
portions of a ship's structure of gun and
— attack upon present coriditions.

“The Florida, a comparatively modern
ship, was selected because her internal
subdivision permits a very close approxi-
mation to the framing and interior sub-
divison of the latest battleships.

“The Arkansas, a sister ship, will fire a
12 inoh projectile, loaded with high ex-
plosive, to strike the Florida's turret with
an energy little short of penetration in
such a way that most of the fragments
will fly across the bows clear of the sbip.
It is not intended to penetrate the turret,
armor and the test is in no respect a contest
of gun against armor or armor against
gun, the effect of the shook only being
desired. The shock under the conditiong
above noted will be approximately the
greatest that could be experienced in battle.

“After the inspection of the results of
this test several shots from the 4inoh and
12 inoh guns of the Arkansas will probably
be aimed at the experimental military
mast that has been erected on the stern of
the Florida. ;

“It is not desired to make known the details
of the torpedo teat for obvious reasons,
ut it will suffice to gay that one or two
torpedoes may be exploded against the
bottom of the Florida under such con-
ditions that salvage operations, if neces-
sary, will not be difficult.”

HATS OFF, LADIES!

Teachers Institute Waited Two Hours Be.
fore the Indignant Wearers Complied.
Prrrascro, April 25.—“If the ladies will
kindly remove their abominable hate so
that they can sit closely together in the
front of the auditorium we will proceed
with the institute,” said Prof. John Morrow,
superintendent of the Allegheny schools,
this moriing to the young womon taachers
who had assembled for the monthly insti-
tute,
Each woman was topped by a piece of
headgear asebig as a cartwhoel, They
raised their noses diedainfully. They had
come ag much to show thelr hats as any-
thing else and the jon that they
remove them was absurd.
“The institute shall not. proceed until
the hats are removed,” ee Supt.
ierres. Then na siege which lasted
r two hours, Prof. Morrow seated on the
jatform and the téachers doing the best
a Re Re yg hy
When ‘the tock

a lock started on ipto the
ird hour the teac!

rs began to capitu-
late. One after one the hate wére remo

nd when all were unoovered Prof,
Horsow © oll he elec. #
THANKS OF GERMAN EMPRESS

Fer Immigrant Inspector Whe Feund 9
. Runaway Giri in Texas.
Gauveston, Tex., April 26,—Immigrant
Inspector Hohlan has received a letter
conveying the thanks of the German Em-
prem toy Roding & youthie! runaway, Miss
Mise Weinberger js the daughter of Col,
Karl ecbeee of the German
e

 

 

 

 

 

search was at once begun and it was found
frat she had sailed on a
yd liner for Galveston, Tex,
Hohlan, who
that

ET

NS es

_ #NEW YORK, SUNDAY,

 

LLL LLL LLL

 

 

 

te oe

= anghn ee: ae pnee

NO POLICE LINES AT BIG FIRE KENTUCKY 18 VERY MUCH TAFT.

 

CHARGES AGAINST C.F. MURPHY'S
BROTHER-IN-LAW TO FOLLOW.

 

He Sheuld Have Been There, Says Bugher
—Ne One Was tn Command After
a Fourth Alarm, and Great Was the
Confusion—Grand Theatre Shut Down,

A four alarm fire served up an hour or
two of excitement for the East Side around
Grand street at the dinner hour last night
and gave Chief Croker and his men a hot
job. The police also found employment, but
only after the arrival of Deputy Commis-
sioner Bugher, who arrived after the fourth
alarm to find no police lines and no com-
manding officer, ~1It was the dinner hour,
as above mentioned,

The fire began in a four story building
at 79 and 81 Forsyth street the rear of which
abuts on the Grand Theatre building. The
building in Forsyth street is occupied on
the ground floors by a Turkish bath and
upstairs by the shirt trimming firm of
Berkowitz, which owns the building. Fif-
teen bathers ran out, some only with bath-
robes on. The building went like a tinder
box and was soon a mass of flame.

Grand street came to the fire in a body.
While there were plenty of police no one
was in command and the crowds were soon
hampering the fire fighters. Commissioner
Bugher arrived in his machine, drove up to
the spot where the reporters were and
asked who was in command. No one had
seen anybody in command.

“This is a damned fine meas!” said Bugher.
“Things are chaos and apparently the police
are here only to enjoy the scene.”

Commiasioner Bugher started out to find
out about things, and he did it with such a
vengeance that as a result nine policemen
will be put on trial. Capt. Patrick Cray,
brother-in-law of Tammany Leader Charles
F. Murphy, will head the list, as it was in his
precinct that the fire ooourred. Commis-
sioner Bugher couldn't find Cray at all. In
fact, the Deputy Commissioner couldn't find
any one who was in command and go he put
a man in command.

“The only man | found actually on the
job,” said Commissioner Bugher, “was
two blocks from the fire at that.”

The tip soon spread, however, that the
deputy was there and on the warpath, and
then the police woke up. The first thing
that they did was to put every reporter
out of the lines which they formed, acting,
they said, on Chief Croker's orders. Chief
Croker said he had given no such orders
and the reporters came back. Commis-
sioner Bugher himself took charge of form-
ing fire lines and pretty soon things became
orderly. ‘

At the Eldridge street station house
the old police answer was given to explain
the captain’s absence, “Out to his dinner,”
it was sald. Commissioner , Bugher's
comment on being told this was that the
captain was “a pretty damn slow eater.”

The fire burned iteelf out and then quit,
It did some damage to nearby tenements
6n Chrystie and Forsyth streets, and the
firemen turned the tenants out of them.
No performance was givenin the Grand
Theatre last night because of damage done
by water and smoke, Chief Croker said
that the fire had done about $150,000 damage.

|

E. ROWLAND SHOOTS HIMSELF

After Calling Friend to ‘Show Him Some
thing’’-Accident, He Says.

Everett Rowland, who inherited a con-
siderable estate from his father, the late
Sidney Rowland, a well known Brooklyn
citizen, was taken to St. John's Hospital
late yesterday afternoon in a critical condi-
tion from a bulle¢ wound in his side. ~

Rowland lives at 40 Vernon avenue and
has a real estate office at 187 Tompkins
avenue. According to friends be had
depressed for some time. About 4 o'cloo
yesterday afternoon he telephoned to a
friend, John Stedman, of 141 Tompkins
avenue,

“Hello, John,” Rowland said. “i have
something to show you; come down to the
office.”

Stedman went And found Rowland paoc-
ing the floor. Telling Stedman to wait and
he would show him something, Rowland
went into a back room and Stedman heard
a shot. He ran to a saloon and the police
were notified. Rowland was found sitting
in a chair. He was conscious and told
the police that he had accidentally shot
bimeelf.

The family said last night that Rowland
was not badly off financially as far as was
known and had no other worries.

ILLINOIS FOR JOHNSON TOO. |

His Speech Quoted and His Views Com-
mended in Bryan Resolutions.

Cmicaao, April 26.—A Johnson “joker”
was discovered to-day in the Democratic
platform adopted at the Bryan convention
in Springfield on Thursday. The Johnson-
ites were jubilant and the Bryan men are
stirred over the revelation.

Gov. John A. Johnson's Shiloh speech
on State rights is incorporated in spirit in
the Bryan resolutions. The “joker” follows
next after this plank in the document. It
calls upon the delegates from Illinois at
the Denver convention to be guided by
this State rights declaration in the de-
liberations at the national convention,

The “joker”, wag brought to the surface

at headquarters in the
bt ido,

 

 

 

 

 

coors H. Brennan,
who as Oe Eatin cots the committee
on resolutions, is . A comparison
Johneon’s Bhiloh speech with the Bry
erm shows that ere an
have been taken ly from the
utterances of the Minnesota ecutive
and in plat-
orn B proper instructing th
© an roper in ng the
te ver to use al] “honorable

* to séctre the nomination of the
ene ig the last ores ee doou-
ment an Pres dreds
of words f: the part Gommssetdla dohn-
son's State rights i ere is
the language of the “joker”:

We commend these thoughts [Johygen on
State rights} to the attention of the dele-
gates to the national convention of the Dy mo-
Gratic party to be held in Denver, Col., Joly 7,
1908, and we call upon them to do all in their
power to bring forth from that convéntion
results thet wit appeal alike to the common
sense and to the patriotism of the whole
people, as a prelude to @ sweeping Demo-
cratic victory in November.

Johnson in his Shiloh address, ny

ons of

 

Federal Crowd Have Their Own Way in the
Majority of County Conventions.

Lexraton, Ky., April 26.—The Taft
men had their own way to-day in the Re-
publican conventions in the majority of
counties,

In Fayette county the opposition was
unable to make any kind of showing and
the Taft crowd captured the entire party
organization. Col. W. R. Milward, who
lead the anti-Federal officeholders side,
refused to serve on any committee, as did
all his followers.

Repogte fram every district indicate
sweeping victories for the Taft supporters,
and it is safe to predict that the Secretary
of War will get the instructions from Ken-
tucky.

Cincinnati, April 26.~There were tur-
bulent scenes at the Republican conven-
tions to-day across the river in Campbell
and Kenton counties, Ky. The Camp-
bell county convention at Newport di-
vided into two conventions, each with

ita own chairman, both meetings being held

at the same time in the same hall, When
the chairman of either convention spoke a
chorus of yells and hootings drowned him
out. Fifty-eight delegates were chosen at
each convention. One set for Taft, the
other for Fairbanks. Both “indorsed the
Roosevelt administration.

Somewhat similar were the scenes at the
convention in Covington, where there were
also two rival conventions and contesting
delegations, each of sixty-three members,
were chosen, The Fairbanks rump con-
vention adopted resolutions calling the
President and Civil Service Co’ on to
investigate the activity of F | office-
holders tn politics in Kentucky.

LovrsviL_e, April %.—From reports at
hand the Taft forces were victorious to-day
in the Fifth district, in which Louisville
is situated. Open charges of fraud and
intimidation are made by the Fairbanks
forces, led by Senator-elect W. O. Bradley,
who aay the police force swung the election.
Contesting Fairbanks delegations will be
sent from each ward. The greatest turbu-
lence marked the voting.

FRENCH CRUISER IN THE RIVER.

That's What the Guns Were Making a Nolte
About Yesterday.

The French cruiser D'Estrees, which
sailed April 20 from Port au Prince, got here
yesterday afternoon and anchored in the
North River off Thirty-fourth street. The
vessel saluted Governors Island as she
came up the bay and was saluted in return,
The D'Estrees brought mail from the United
States ships at Port au Prince, which was
transferred to the mail boat.

The visitor attracted considerable atten-
tion along the waterfront because of her
peouliar construction, Her two funnels
are far apart, one being forward just abaft
the foremast and the other just forward
of the mizzen. Also it was noticed that her
whistle was attached to her mainmast in-
stead of to one of the funnels.

anguenusmnellioe

TWO HURT WHILE DRIVING,

John Tepping and a Yeung Woman Com-
panion Injured on Broadway.

John Topping of 110 Central Park West,

 

 

 

the vice-president of the Topping Hardware |.

Company, at 122 Chambers street, was
driving down Broadway in a dogcart last
night when his horse took fright at 157th
street and bolted, throwing Topping and a
young woman who was riding with him to
the street.

Bicycle Policeman Conneally picked up
the young womgn, who appeared to be badly
hurt, and called an ambulance from the
Washington Heights Hospita!. The young
woman told the policeman that she was
Miss Agnes Brown, 24 years old, of 50 Morn-
ingside avenue. At the hospital she said
that she was Mrs. Agnes Brown and that
she lived in Wisconsin, ®ut had recently
come to New York on a visit. At the apart-
ment house at 60 Morningside avenue it was
said that she was known as Miss Brown.
They said that she had been living there
for nearly a year.

Mies or Mrs. Brown was obliged to remain
at the hospital, where it was said that she
was suffering from shock and might be in-
jured jotersally. Topping's bruises were
dressed and he went home.

LITTLE BANK DBCIDES TO QUIT,

Business Dull Since the U. 8. Exchange
Bank Reopened.

The United States Exchange Bank, at 23
West 125th street, has notified State Super-
intendent of Banks Clark Williams that it
intends to go into liquidation. The reason
given is lack of business, Henry Behning,
Jr., of 2187 Seventh avenue, one of the direc.
tors, said last night that business had been
very dull and that the only thing to do was
to go into liquidation while the bank could
pay dollar for dollar,

John J. Gibbons of 122d street and River-
side Drive is the president of the bank. He
is at his summer home in Little Silver, N. J.
Judge Philip H. Dugro, the owner of the
Hotel Savoy, and Richard 8S, Ramsey, pres-
ident of the East River Savings Bank, are
directors.

Last fall the bank closed ite doors for a
time and Superintendent Williams took
charge. The bank has 4 capita! of $100,000
and a surplus of $25,000. A report of the
State Banking Department last fall showed
that the total urces were $781,003; loans
and dlacounte, teed,00e; undivided profits,
$18,629.

A CIGAR-OBSTRUCTED KISS.

 

 

 

 

 

ye oe.

“APRIL | 26, 1908,—cormrm, 1908, by Phe Sun Printing end Publishing Association,

THR FLEET AT SANTA BARBARA

EVANS HOPES TO RESUME COM-
MAND AT SANTA CRUE,

 

 

| nips Steam Up to Roadstead 8 Abreast in
Presence of Cheering Thousands—City
Quits Work for the Occasion—Flower
Fete Promised—The Admiral Better.

Santa Bansana, Cah, April 25,—The
battleship fleet anchored in the open road-
stead a mile and a half off Santa Barbara
at 4:30 o’olook this afternoon. The fleet
assembled at slow speed in Santa Monica
Bay about 7 o'clock this morning and slowly
moved along the shore to give thousands
of early risers from Los Angeles and ad-
jacent cities a farewell glimpse of the ships.

Soon after they left Santa Monica Bay
a thick fog settled down on the ocean and
the ships ran half speed until noon, when
the weather cleared.

Coming into Santa Barbara roadstead
the fleet deployed into two squadrons
parallel with the shore. When directly
opposite the city a right angle turn was
made and the fleet approached the anchor-
age in two lines eight ships abreast.

Thousands went out this afternoon to
greet the fleet. Rear Admiral MoCalla and
Mayor Boszke boarded the flagship at once
and extended the official weloomes to
Admiral Thomas. :

The streets are decorated with palms and
lanterns like Lo# Angeles, only on a emailer
scale. The local feature of the four days
stay will bea floral féteand open air dancing
at night on the waterfront. Scores of
wives of naval officers reached here ahead
of the fleet from Los Angeles.

Slight accidents to the machinery of the
New Jersey and thé Missouri marred the
effect of anchoring simultaneously. The
formation in going into harbor was used
for the first time during this cruise. All
the shops and stores have closed in honor
of the fleet's arrival.

Paso Rostes, Cal., April 25 —It begins
to look as if Admira) Bvans will command
the Atlantic fleet when it sails into San
Francisco Bay on May 8 He declares that
he will be on the bridge of the flagship
at Santa Cruz, Every day brings him ib-
creased strength and this morning he was
noticeably better than he has been at any
time since hie stay here.

He took an automobile ride yesterday
and returned looking well and chatting
gayly with those who met him.

“They say I can't walk, do they?” he
said. “Well, I will ehow them.”

He went from the automobile to the
rolling chair.

“Why, I have been walking around my
room all morning. I feel sure I will re-
turn to the fleet when it reaches Santa Crus,

“I am glad it is Admiral Thomas who is
taking my place. He and I have known
each other since boyhood and our families
have been on intimate terms. We are the
most deyoted persona! friends. It is not
alone because I like him personally,-how-
ever. I consider him the ablest officer
we -have. %

“I have no words to express my thanks
to the people of the ports of southern Cali-
fornia, who have sosplendidly entertained
the officers and menof the Atlantic ficet.”

BATTLESHIPS IN FINE SHAPE,

None Will Have to Be Docked Except to Have
Their Halls Scraped and Painted.

Wasutnoton, April 25.—Acting Secre-
tary of the Navy Newberry announced to-
day that he had received reports from the
Captains of the various battleships of the
Atlantic fleet saying that none of the war
vessels will have to go to @& navy yard for
repairs. All will be placed in drydocks,
however, to’ have their hulls scraped and
painted. This work will be done between
May 25 and July 5. The first squadron will
be docked at Hunter's Point and the seo-
ond at Bremerton.

An invitation was received at the Navy
Department to-day from the town council
of Victoria. B. C., inviting several ships to
that port before leaving the Pacific Coast.
Two of the vessels docking at Bremerton
will be sent to Victoria if there is sufficient
time before their departure from the Coast.
The schedule of the itinerary of the fleet's
Cruise around the world will be announced
next week.

TO LEAVE VENEZUELA.

—

Minister Russel? Coming Home on Sixty
Days Vacation. .
Wasntnaton, Apri) 25.—The State De
partment has cabled to W. W. Ruasell,
American Minister to Veneauela, authoriz-
ing him to leave Caracas on leave of absence
on Monday next. On account of the quar-
antine at La Guayra the gunboat Dubuque,
which is now on her way to Curacoa, will
take Mr. Russell aboard at Porto Cabello
and convey him to Curacgoa in time to catch
a merchant steamer for the United States.
In the event that no merchant steamer i¢
available the Dubuque will carry Mr. Rus-
sel] to some other port in the Wegt Indies
where he will be able to catch a merchant
liner.

Mr. Russel! several months ago asked the
Department to grant him leave of absence
for sixty days. He will return to Washing-

‘ ton for conference with Secretary of State
Root over the conditions in Venezuela.

TAWNEY. COUNTING THE Cost.

 

 

 

 

 

Prisoner Doesn't Remember It—Wife Does | Says His Committee Mas Already Reported

and It Must Have Happgned.

Louis Stevens, a olerk in the’ Hudson
County Clerk's office, was in the Second
Criminal Court at Jersey City yesterday
for assaulting his wife at their home, 29
Baldwin avenue, late on Friday night.

Mrs. Stevens testified that her husband
came in intoxicated and tried to kiss her
while holding a big cigar inhismouth. She
ordered him to go to bed, she said, and

inatead of obeying he attempted to put his | The estimates for

arm around her. She called him a “political
bum,” she confessed, and then he slapped
her and bumped her head against the wall.
Stevens told Police Judge Queen that
he had no recollection of what had taken
lace, but presumed it was exactly as stated
38 hig wife, as she always told the truth.
The Judge found hint guilty and suspended

San Francisco Has a Mild Earthquake,

* Saw Francrsco, April 25.—Ajexander
McAdie, in charge of the United States

 

 

Bills Aggregating 8305 000,000.
Waspinoton, April .—Chairman Tawney
of the House Committee on Appropria:
tions made public to-day a statement
showing that the measures reported by his
committee, indluding the principal supply
bills and embracing the sundry olvil bill,

| corried in the aggregate $965,000,000. ‘The

| estimates of appro!
| departments f

rlations by the various
a total of $370,000,000.
co oie the genere! deficiency
e supply measure to be reported

by the ennniten, Wore reesived to-day.
y a6 te $16,000,000, the principal
item of deficiency being en adodunt of
pensions. rea
TO TEACH EMBROIDERY HERE.

 

   

Fraulein Seliger of the Bertin School Is |

Coming to New York.

cial Cable Despaich to Tus Sum.
Ida Seliger,

Bohool of Arte and Orafte, has

|»

"

Ce

FORTY PAGES.

PRINCE IN THE GRAIN BUSINESS.

Took Some Exercise on the Lacanta Shovel-
, ling Ceal.

Prince Wolkerusky of St. Petersburg was
& passenger on the Ounarder Lucania, in
yesterday from Liverpool. He comes in
the interest of a large Russian grain oon-
cern and is going to Washington Monday.
On the way over ‘he Prince went into the
furnace room and shovelfed coal for two
hours, it is said.’

A STORK FOR ROOSEVELT.

Indiana Man Offers One He Captared to
the President.

OwEnsvriie, Ind., April 25.~President
Roosévelt is to have a large stork, captured
by James Hallock of Mount Carmel, if he
will consent to take it,

The stork is a very large specimen and
was captured by Hallook because it had its
wing broken. The injured wing has been
put in @ cast and at the suggestion of a
number of Hallook’s neighbors he has
written to the President telling him of the
capture and asking if he will receive the
bird as a present.

JAIL AND FINES FOR BROKERS.

Maximam Penalty for Three Men Asseci-
ated With Edward Vaughan in St. Paol.

St. Pavt, April 25.—The maximum
penalty, two years in the penitentiary and
a fine of $5,000 each, was imposed to-day
upon Frank E, Holliday, Herbert Robin
son and John L. Layne, formerly aseociated
with Edward Vaughan in the commiasion
and brokerage business in: Minneapolis.

The men were charged with conspiracy
to defraud. Their attorneys have applied
for a writ of error for an appeal to the United
States Cirouit Court,

COURT ORDER TO BREAK LAW,

Federal Judge Decides a Railroad Must
Carry Beer Into Prohibited Territory.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 25.—By an order

entered in the Federal court to-day the

Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company

must receive beer for shipment from the

F, W. Cook Brewing Company of Evans-

ville and must deliver it to consignors in

Kentucky regardless of the fact that the

sale of intoxicants is illegal in the terri-

tory in which the consignors reside.

MRS. LANGDON SMITH POISONED.

 

 

 

 

 

Mistook Mereyry Tablets for Medicine,
She Says—Will Respver.

Mrs. Langdon Smith, widow of the
newspaper writer who died several weeks
ago, was taken to the Kings County Hos-
pital from her home at 148 Midwood street,
Flatbush, yesterday, suffering from cor-
rosive sublimate poisoning She has been
under a physician's oare since her hus-
band’s death and explained that she had
mistaken the mercury tablets for her
medicine. She will recover.

AID FOR WILLIAMSBURG TRUST.

$1,500,000 in Cash Said to Be Ready to
Forward Resumption.

When the motion for the removal of
Receivers Yan Wyck and Pabst of the
Williameburg-Trust Company, Which bas
been pending for three weeks, came up
for hearing yesterday before Justice Crane
in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn, by an
agreement between the counsel there was
a further adjournment until May 4.

It was explained to Jus¥ce Crane that a
leading financia) institution in Manhattan
has $1,500,000 in cash ready to put into the
company and that the plan is to get the
stookholders to assent to a proposition to
have the company open and pay off avery
depositor wishing it dollar for dollar at
once. Lawyer Dykman, on behalf of the
shareholders, said that the bank would
reopen soon. It is expected that business
will be resumed about June 1.

NAMED TO SUCCEED FRANCHOT,

Repobiican Convention, After a Long
Wrangle, Nominates Wm. W. Wallace.
Lockport, N. Y., April 25.—The Repub-

licans held a convention to-day which
threatened to break up in a deadlock. After
four hours discussion in caucus over a
nominee the caucus decided on William
W. Wallace, an attorney of Niagara Falla,
as the candidate for Senator at the special
election to be held on May 12. Mr. Wal-
lace went before the convention agreeing
to support the Governor's wishes on the
racetrack issue, and on the demand of both
factions of the Republican party further
agreed not to be a candidate again this
fall.

The Democratic convention was sched-
uled for § o'cloek, but the leadera awaited
the action of the Republican convention
and at a late hour, after organizing, ad-
journed until Monday morning. ‘

WOMEN VOTERS SAVED THE DAY.

Carried a Proposition at Fort Plain to

Expend $60,000 for Pavements.
' Fort Puary, N. ¥., April 26.—A special
election here to-day on the question of ex-
pending $60,000 for brick pavements re-
sulted in a majority by 11¢ in favor ofthe
proposition. As time arrived for closing
the polls the opposition seemed to be victo-
rious, but into the breach leaped Dr. Jack-
son, an enthusiastic automobilist, who went
proselyting arnong women taxpayers en-
titled to vote on the proposition, and they
were hustled to the polls in flocks by the
doctor and other automobiliste. Enough
women were hurried to the voting place to
upset the plans of the opposition, eeveral
of whose wives had rallied around the Jack-
son standard and helped him carry the day,
To-night bands are playing, people parading
and shouting, bells ringing, steam whistles
tooting and fireworks flashing.

+ ae ee

KILLED SAVING BABY SISTER.

Six-Year-@ld Girl Fatally Injured by a
Taxioab Near Her Home.

Margaret Marooney, ‘a six-year-old of
69 Carmine street, was killed by an auto-
mobile yesterday afternoon in saving her
younger sister, Catherine, 8 years old,

The two children were crossing the street
near their house when a taxicab, driven
by Joseph Mulvey, came along.

Margaret saw the cab and pushed her
sister into the gutter, but was struck be-
fore she could get out of the way herself.
Mulvey at once jumped to the ground and
oking up the girl in his arms hurried her
to a neighboring drug store. Here she

 

 

 

 

 

Spe
Brain, April 6 ~Eresile
| teacher of art embrSidéry to the Royal | regained consciousness enough to ask:
accepted

Weather Bureau, reports that a moderate | an offer from New York to open an em-

earthquake shock was felt here at 3:34 A. M.
damage was done.

a. Yee pig tae aod tery. oat,

Ade.

 

ee ee ee

| broidery school thereon the Berlin aystem,

the German | Secre f
ea ap ita Pi reber
pabeebiehceae le ia

Se ie ee ee ae

lhl Aa ie a Te he ee

“Did Katie get hurt?”

She then relapsed into unconsciousness
and in a few minutes was dead. Mulvey
was arrested and taken before Coroner
Harburger, who held him in $5,000 bail.

8650. a lb. for the Planters’ 66c.
Cost that to grow it. At your grocer.—

’

“

 

Tea.

~~ 5
a -
p fds

At een Mga A th eae 4

; , Bowpay, ‘ ”, 1008. :
‘Generally fair ; talr and cooler to-
morrow; er to northwest

   
 
   
  

v i 5
a4 we, epee €
vee 8G *

nds,

 

PRICE FIVE GENTS.
HOME RULE DEMOCRACY BORN

AT A CONFERENCE OF TRE
PARTY IN UTICA.

 

 

Its Object Is te Unseat-Murphy and Com
ners and Get New Primary Legisiation
—No New State Convention—Address
to Democrate—Cunferces Not Deiters.

Unica, April 25.—The Hore Rule Demoo-
Tracy of the State of New York was organ-
ized in this olty to-day. It is a’ sturdy
infant with plenty of grit and lung power
It ie the child of what in the annals of ths
Democratic party of the State will be known
as the Utica conference. This conferencs
was made up of regular Democrats from
twenty of the sixty-one counties of the
State and there were letters from regular
Democrats from three additional counties
saying that they would subscribe and
adhere to any programme, no matter how
grave oF severe,
adopted. Besides, there were regular Demo-
crate in the conference from severa' coun-
ties who did not respond to the roll call:
as they desired no publicity at this time,

The Home Rule organization of ths
State is made up of regular Democrats
within the regular party organization
It is in no sense a bolting organization.
It is desoribed rather as an organization
with reclamation purposes in view. It
is against no man and for no man for Presa
dent. It is against no State tloket to be
nominated in the fall, and neither is it an
advocate for any ticket to be then named
It is an organization whose principa. pur-
poses are to unseat Charles F. Murphy
of Tammany and Chairman William J
Conners of Buffalo from their present
mighty posts in the Democratic State
organization, to rescind the resolution
adopted by the Carnegie Hal! convention
giving to State conventions the power
to name State committeemen and to send
reorganizing committees into every county
of the State. Finally, the Home Rul»
Democracy of the State is to promote legie-
lation at Albany w hich will make primary
elections effective and binding, so that they
cannot be upset by a State convention or
a State committee

Many hard words were heard te-day.
Most of those present at the conference
were either delegates or alternates to the
Carnegie Hal] convention; some had been
State committeemen, and nearly all had
been thrown out by the command of Mufphy
and Conners. Edward E. Coatesworth of
Buffalo, whose State committeeman for
the Fiftieth Senate district, James Smith, had
been incontinently thrown out of the receyt
convention to give place to Henry P. Bur-
gard, was not present for the reason that
State Chairman Conners had seen to it that
the Erie county Demooratic organization,
of which Coatesworth is chairman, had

convention. So, too, Albany county had
announced its disapproval of the purposes
of to-day'’s conference and Patrick E.
McCabe did not turn up. Yet both Albany
and Erie were represented at the conference.

It requires little or no experience in
political organization matters to foretell
that the work of to-day'’s Democratic con-

ferees promises to be effective in bringing
about most of the aims of the Home Rule
Democracy. A number of the speakers,
notaply Senator MoCarren of Rings and
Frank H. Mott of Chautauqua, called atten-
tion to one of the eterna) fundamentals of
the Democratic party, its historic opposition
to the ventralization of political power. \
This, as one of the cardinal doctrines of
the party for moré than a céntury, has beea
a guiding star always in the ascendant, and
while Murphy and Conners may not be_re-
tired from the seate of the mighty there is
avery general impression, even among their
| friends, that they cannot long withstand
the revolt of Democrats who still believe
in the ancient principles of their party and
to whom the centralization of political
power, such as is exemplified in the domi-
nance of State conventions over Stabe com-
mitteemen, is utterly abhorrent.

An address setting forth the views and
purposes of the Home Rule Dmocraey
was adopted. Half a million copies of ft
are to be sent to the Democrats of the State,
The work of perfecting the organization is
to go on in every county of the State, and
meantime an executive committee of eleven
is to map out this work,

Hugh Duffy of Cortland county presided
at the conference. He was the Demooratlo
candidate for State Treasurer in 1898. Ho
is one of the warriors of the party. He was
a delegate to the Carnegie Hall convention.
Mr. Duffy in opening the ball said:

I am pleased to be here to discuss with

you whatever may be necessary to correct
the evils and wrongs perpétrated on ths
Demorcacy of the State by the so-called
Demooratic convention in Carnegie Hall. This
is a conference, not @ convention. We are
here to discuss how to best correct the terrible
injustices done by that convention to the
Democracy of the Empire State. We must
here devise some means by which the fra¢-
‘ments of the Democratic party may be gath-
ered together if we wish to carry the State
next fall. We must take steps to impress our
voters that as a result of the Carnegie Hal!
convention the Democracy is not yet dead
or ready for the undertakers yet. I lef:
Carnegie Hall convention with apprehension
and sorrow over the conduct of men with
nothing But personal greed and personal
ambition to sattefy.

Mr. Duffy denounced the Carnegie Hall-
ites for unseating legally elected delegates
and giving the convention power to elect
State committeemen. McCarren suggested
4 roll call of those present. Here ie the list:

Albany ounty, Col. William @. :
Cayuga, Charles E. Rattigan, Judge Richard C.
8. Drummond, Louis E, Alten, B.D. Mosher and
and P. T. Quigley; Chautauqua, Frenk H
Mott; Clinton, Joha B, Reilly, Cortland, Hugh
Duffy and Judah P. Gray; Easex, Jdha Ander-
son, Jr., and Edward T. Stokes; Kings, @en-
ator McCarren; Madison, Jetemiah Consors;
Oneida, Samuel A. Beardsley, Joha’ W, Pot

of Westchester sent letters

that they would abide by

Conners must go.”

Col. Rice, who was & Civil Service Com-

: iin eat
vs A Cae?

5

hla ik. teil

which the conference ©

aote of the Gernegic Hal! —