>

 
  
   
   

ner under Gov. Cleveland and
" yeoretury to Gov. Hill, called f

WISE SC oo RS HTEAONT Of AT CONMMhtttOT” Ul tive

jare fin actress to the Democrats of

** ste, and Chairman Duffy appointed
MoCarren, Haven, Bi ant re ;

a: wo ’ r

evolutions were ref: i f
rattes, im ‘
inven gent up a resolution calling for
coomnlttes of three to promote legisia-
‘ to make the primaries effective
~ that delegates elected by - their -owe-
« ple shall not be thrown out of State
Lo ventions by “self-constituted bosses.”
\\1 Mott introduced a series of resolu-
1.9 lenouncing the Carnegie Hall ;oon-
en ion and calling for @sepahdté ‘State
veition to meet in Utica on June 10
+1 he purpose of sending an entire con-
«wae ing delegatton from the State to Den-
“Mir, Mott in his resolutions declared
“ic. (ve Carnegie Hall convention “vio-
tod time honored customs, rules and
lutions of the Democratic party; sl-
eryed free gpeech and prevented disous-
* jon of the’ many questions arising for
-id ration, unseated regularly elected
\.zatea and placed on the rollé of said”
onveution persons who were not entitled
ciivh position and aided by brutal police
rrertopence ultimately resolwed ircelf into
." There was much more 'n the
Siott resolutions, all of the same tenor,
ndSiott, speaking to his resoluttohs, said;

ihe moral influence of a gathering dom-
ec ag the Carnegie Haji convention was

   
 

tions hereafter made by o party organization
80 controlled cAnnot hope to sedure support
at the polls,and not a few party will
abaolve themaelves any obligations to
sustain candidates whé may be named under
oveh conditions. .

Therefore, we, as representing the sentiment
< the regular Democracy of the State of

ew York, devotdd to the prinvipled of home
rule, assembled in conference at Utica, April
26,1908, do hereby declare as follows:

That for the purpose of restoring the Demo
cratic State organization to its former in-
togrity, for the purpoke of protecting the
representative rights of localities in loyal
party. committees aad conventions, and
for the purpose of making effective effort
im every, portion Of this State in future pri-;
Mary elections for the ohoice of delegates
to State comventions who shall have the
right .to.be heard aad participate therein,
@ wommittee of sixty-one, to consist of one
member from each county in the State, shall
be appolated by this conference. This com-
mittee is to proceed within party lines and
is to be known as the Cieneral Committee
ol the Home Rule Demooracy.

    
 
 
  
   
    
   
  

2 <= +
ee ee ne ge a

It ja to Have

.

~o2 wee

an may be deemed necessary and to take such
other action as will most surely preserve
the principle of home rule in party affairs
and make {ft certain that the Democratic
organization of the State of New York shall
stand for fair play in the conduct of future
Democratic party conventions. By order
of the conference, Hugh Duffey, chairman;
©. Kesseriger and “A. B. Macordell, secre-
taries

The address was unanimously adopted
and half a million copies of it were ordered

 
 
 
    
 
 
 

~ecate> wes ©

   

aes Rh ya ys pos tre THE

 

‘JOHN AND 1 AND THE SEKATO

~ 4 wet iM Sg ie onthe Pe pid be

FASSETT DENIES THAT HE OOM,
MENDED CASSIDY'S VOTE.

 

Declares That He Sent a Telegram of Re-
monstrance Besides the Fameus ‘‘Bo-
fore Taking’ Menace—in Which Case

Whe Could Have Deceived Cavililer?
Assemblyman Louis A. Cu villier, Demo<

crat of the Thirtieth district, added another
chapter yesterday to the mixup about the

telegraphic correspondence ‘that passed | @ common law conapiracy, an indictable

between Congressman J. Sloat. Fassett
and State Senutor Owen Cassidy relative
to the Senator's vote against the anti-
racetrack gambling bills Assemblyman
Cuvillier said:

“After the vote on the bill had been
taken at Albany Cassidy and I and several
others went into the grillroom of the Hotel

power to call conferences from time to time,| Ten Eyck, where,Caasidy lives when he is

in Albany. In the party that sat around
the table were Senators Cassidy, Heaoook,
O'Neill, myself and Henry Barnett, a friend
of Senator Owens. Senator Owens hithdelf
wasn't in the party, At about 11 o'clock
a hallboy came up to Senator Cassidy and
handed him a telegram.

“He tore it open and read it. Then he
ainiled broadly and exclaimed ‘How's
that!’ throwing the telegram down on

fe vr a |
w y, SUNDAY, APRIL ie, Ns

  

 

  
  
  
 
   
   
 

 
  

a

  
  

:

  
   
     

, April 25,—James W, Shea,
secretary to Representative J.
Bisse Fassett, who is in Elmira, made oom-
Gass the United States Distrigt At-
altered, cad ths Distelet Atronney'e offes
. trict Attorney's
has taken the matter under advisement,
with @ view to ascertaining whether
fas aption can be brought. Mr, Shea was
that it was doubtful if the act would
Gonstitute forgery under the law, ‘but if it
could be shown that the transmitting tele-
operator had acted in conjunction
with other persons his act would constiute

   
  
   

offence in the Distridt of Columbia, The
telegram was in Mr. Shea’s hand-

w &.
Aooording to the evidence, presented
to the District Attorne Cates ane the
to!

oO

telegram was filed at and was
transmitted by the_ tele _ operator
there to the main office of the telegraph

company Mr. Shea said that Go menage
as fled contained eighteen words and
Capitol operator gave that number in his
oheok list to the main office operator. When
the message had been transmitted to the
main office the receiving operator then
called the Capitol operator’s tention
to the fact that the message contained
nineteen words, and according to Mr. Shea's
statement to the District Attorney the
Capitol operator instructed him to res
the number to nineteen,
int as to the number of words is that Mr.
Fassett claims that his telegram to Mr,
Cassidy did not contain the word “not”

panerinaen g|

A

   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
 
 

vited is nil, while ita actual influence
# meusured by its capacity and oppor-
for political barter. Its opposition is

«> spliment and its favor fatal, Its leaders

* 40 not seem to have learned that violence
nd c-aning never were successful in deter-
hiuk @ Presidential choice, They dq pot

» (6 haVe learned that the organization

vas oe sh@nated for the parly, nol.the party

hu organization, Its leaders would be

*, Bryan if he didn't need them and

him if he did need them, or for or

ti any other candidate whose [ciegds

uv admit them to a national cbavéention
@ with them for the spoils of Victory.

‘lia leadership presumes to pass ypon

| wmocracy of men who have carried

wnera and voted its ticket when some

r number were playing the game of

cal bushwhackers, night ridera and

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
     

to be printed and circulated among the
Demoerata of the State. While parte of
Mr, Mott's resolutions were incorporated
in (he address it was decided not to accept
his demand for a separate State convention
on June 10. This resolution was then
unanimously adopted:

That a committee of e#ixty-one, to consist
of one member from each county of the State,
thait be destenated, upon the recommenda-
tion of representative Democrats in their
respective counties and ‘announced through
the chairman of this conference, This com-
mittee shal) proceed within party lines and

wba be Known as*the general committee of | support of his constituents and the backing

It shall have
from time

the Home Rule Democracy.
power to appoint conferences

to time as may be deemed necessary and to |

take such further action as will most surely
preserve the principles of home rule in the

| the table for us to read,” : gue gaa the mole meanis ai ee

. patch and, it is a caused Mr. Casa-
uy. reed tee tae as Cuvillier remembered sidy to vote nat the bill,

Am well pleased with your vote to-day. | BARNES REPLIES TO CRITICS.

You have satisfied your constituents.
' Fassett.

Cuvillier saye that the telegram was
passed around the table, and as it was on ite
way Cassidy exclaimed again: “ How's
that!” Then, according to the Demoeratio
Assemblyman, Cassidy went on to say that
if criticiam was directed against him for his
vote he could at least feel that he had the

Defends His Opposition to Gambling Bills
A Talk With Gov, Hughes.
AuBaAny, April 25.—A committee of thirty-
nine citizens of Albany recently wrote
William Barnes, Jr., saying that, while
théy as Republicans recognized Mr.
Barnes as the Albany county Republican
leader, they did not think it was bis pre-
rogative to dictate to elected officials that
they should do a thing regardless of their
conscientious dissent, referring to the
vote pgainst the racing bills of Senator
Grattan of Albany. In his réply Mr. Barnes

of the party leaders in his locality.

Thia story of course doesn't jibe at all
with the statements made by Congressman
Fassett that the telegram sent by him and

condyct of future Democratic party con-

   
    
 
  
  

3 ee oe ee oe eee tS eee

hands, They appoint a committee ventions.
recrganize the Democratic party in lo- °
jities as may suit their whim, while the Senator McCarren, speaking to the ad-

dress and the resolution calling for the ap-
pointment of dixty-one county committee-
men, said:

No Demoorat in thie State ever expected
to see his party adopt the policies ofthe
federalistic centralization’ of the Whigs and
Republicans, Such doctrines are repugnant

nrohivent list of a large city might disclose
e fot that at least one of the members
su enrolled Republican until the very
} cent past, or, to be more accurate, until
lm interests of the telephone made it seem
‘sp. rous to be a Democrat. This leader-
*) ‘fakes acqulesence in its particular
1 of commercializing the party organi-
the test of party fealty and public

  
 
  

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 

of the men who controlled the Carnegie Hali

view,

r. Mott, in closing, called attention to the

1 Uletio centralization of power policies

d by Murphy and Gonners, policies

cy opposed to the fundamental prin-

« of Democracy. A recess was taken

® prepare the address to the Democrats of
v State,

Gn reassembling Col. Rice, chairman of

in the history of netions than that which the
Jack Cades, the Claud Duvals and the Capt,
Kidds who controlled that convention have
thrust upon us. They would make us slaves
with their self-perpetuating State committee.
The sentiment of the Democratic voters of

er - ene wae + ow ot ene ot

methods, It is hourly rising in its indigna-
tion. It matters little what we do here, for

to us as Demoorats. Yet under the iron hand | Was sent by me,

Congressman John W. Dwight to Cassidy
on the day the bill was up was altered by the
insertion of “not” 80 as to make it read;

“John and I think you better nof support
Governor on racetrack bill owing to ocon-
ditions in your district.”

Congressman Fassett, when told in Elmira
yesterday of Cuvillier’s statements, said:

“No such telegram as Cuvillier speaks of
and any such assertion is
absolutely wrong and untruthful, I sent

convention no greater oligarohy ever existed | but one telegram commenting on Cassidy's

vote, and in that I said 1 thought he had
made a serious, if not fatal, mistake in vot-
ing against the bill and urged him to move
to reconsider it.”

Senator Cassidy, who was in attendance

the State is rampant in its opposition to such | at a Congress copvention at Elmira, also

denied that he had ever shown any telegram
such as Assemblyman Cuvillier described.

eays:

“Senator Grattan, together «with the
majority of the Senators, did not believe
in the passage cf the repeal! bills. It is not
necessary for the purpose of this letter to
enter into a discussion of the merite of
those bills. Upon that subject there is a
wide difference of opinion, but the Senators
all too frequently vote contrary to their
own judgment because of an inflamed
state of a portion of the publio mind, or
because of a desire to coincide with the
wishes of the Governor, whoever he may
be. It is the natural and easy course to
pursue. It was taken on these measures
which have aroused this disovasion by the
majority of the Republican Senators,
“When it became apparent that Senator
Grattan’s vote would defeat the passage
of these bills I advised him that it was his

e committee on resolutions, read the
lowing address:
0 the Democratafof the State
“hen a combination of designing men in
, lise of Democracy takes possession by
uho rent means of the party organization
te Vemoorate owe it to the people to de-
ounce the violation of party usage and to
« «im the instigators thereof as traitors
, orty traditien, It is fitting that this
um rence, called to consider the conditions
‘ oonfront us, should“aesembie in the
i.\y of Oneida, a county which has given
, bemoeracy the honored names of Horatio
yi) our and Francis Kernan,
‘ crisis has arisen in. the affairs of our
rh A eonapiragy organised Inthe inte fast
i. cabal, at present at the head of Tammany
in New York city, has been actively at
1. for a considerable time endeavoring to
L!..n control of the Demooratio Btate organ-
tum. Heretofore efforts for such control
\e been successfully resisted by the vig-
ce of the party in the interior, aided by
yemocracy of Kings county. ’
| vo years ago, at the instigation of the
iv¢ emall Tammany, Hal! clique, a tem-
or ty arrangemémt was-effected with those
vi\'ag no fixed pAnciples in common with
\Ooracy and party organigat was
‘cmoralived, This yaar disclosed the same
eabeL still in control of Tammany Hall and
combination fermed by it with thé ehair-
san of our Staté committee, who appears
-olely ag a servant of his New York master
1d pledged to deliver over to thent the
state committee for selfish purposes, The
cueme of this latest partnepelip isto obtain
trol not only of greater New ¥ork~ but
«© of the entire State and the entire party

achinery
19 accomplish the ends of this latest com-
ination it became needful to control the

ecent State convention by any means at
beir command. The methods adopted were
hose ofthe highwayman, Inthe convention
recently held the rules of parliamentary law

ere ruthlessly violated, the long established

recedenta of the party were ignored, the
priaciples of home rule were rejected, the
ri, BY at otpice Ol representati vee was_abros:
uted and the privilegé Of free apeech Was

Lolly denied. We do not condemn the
seneral membership of Tammany thall, for

e believe that the great body of that associa-
ica desires to be loyal to Democratic priv-*
iples, but we do denounce the action of the

_ seifigh and narrow minded individuals who are

isting the machinery of a great party organiza-

~ tion te reb their associates in the State at
rge of the right of home rule,

It is then recited in the address the prece-
dente and methods by which the party or-
ganization had been guided for many years
and the work and resolutions of the Car-
nogie Hall convention are gone over. Re
‘orring to the convention's domination of
state committeemen and the power of the
~tate committee to send reorganizing
ands into the counties, the address de-

‘ lares:

No man loyal to Democratic principles
‘an afford to hold 9 place on, thewommittee
‘bus constituted, a clear asurpation of the
' Ighta of every individual elector in the State.
{t can have no legal existence, ite aim is to
seize not only Kings county but also to seize
‘be up-State organizations existing in all
vounties which do not bow the knee to an
odious political dictatorship. Intruders,
Jothed with inquisitorial powers, are to be
vent in such counties and loyal party gov-"
erament will become a thing of the past,

The State Democracy, which has sustained
the greater cities of the commonwealth in
many contests for self-government, now
finds that by the autocrat use of power

' illegally obtained the right of loca) selection
of representatives in each district is to be
destroyed. The State Democracy, which
has stood firm against all Republican schemes

oy a of centralization, now discovers in its own,

a | ft camp enemies to the principles of Jefferson

a i as applied in ite party, legislative and eXecu-

; tive councils. It finds the right of repre-

: sentation violated, it finds the principle |

} of home rule rejected. These things cannot

be ignored. This condition of affairs oan-
not be passed by ever though a Presidential
contest is approaching. The principle in-

5 volved is vital. No party deserving the

. } name of Democratic can long survive the

degredation to which unprotesting acqui-

i escence would lead,

{ We deem it our duty to areune party

i sentiment by means of a wide dissemination

of the facts so that the party may be rid of
the incubus which preys upen ite Vitality
and at the same.time may take such action
as shall preserve inviolate the right of repre-
sentation and secure the stability of pafty
government and procedure. The outrageous
actions already enumerated will not be sub-
mitted to by the free and untrammelled

of the State at large. Where men

a combine for such purposes true Democrats

/ must unite to oppose, To. meet the etisting

situation organized effort is needful. There
can be no harmony until the wrongs herein
disclosed are righted. There cap be no suc-
cessful campaign until the gross abuses
herein described are oorrected, Nomine-

SE EF CORBET OS OE Oe Ce Oe eS tO SETS © tot eee eens
re a i tt ta

we i oe in = = ee mee + te ee ee + tee ew -

~ wee stem acent
,

 

a

~~28 eee

 

the Democratic voters of the State are to rec-
tify all these brasgen wrongs. They are
awaiting the opportunity in which to express
their resentment

Mr, Stokes of Easex denounced Thomas
F. Carmody, chairman of the Carnegie
Hall convention, and Charles N. Bulger,
chairman of the committee on creden-

tials, and in a speech which was rapturously | Congressman John W. Dwight). The next

applauded cried:
We want no quitters;
We are.all enlisted for this war.

we want fighters.

ines. We will demonstrate our power.

e will solidify the party and in next fall's
convention we will see if they will turn
out legally elected delegates “and State
committee P

men,
Mr. Beardsley’s resolution appointing an
executive committee of eleven to perfect
the plans of the Home Rule Democracy
pending the. appointment of the. sixty-
one county committeemen was adopted
and these are the executive cémmittéemén:
Rice of Albany, Rattigan of Cayuga. Mott
of Chautauqua, James Smith of Erie, An-
derkon of Easex, McCarren of Kings, Fred-
erick W. Smith of Monroe, McMahon of
neida; Francis J, Malloy of Rensselaer,
les E. Tremain of Tompkins and
Brumert of Ulster.
ae Drummond closed the conference
by in, wees all Democrats present to
work and fight, and he had not the faintest
doubt of the result. He predicted the
speedy overthrow of the Democrats who
ran the Carnegie Hall convention.

SOCIALISTS APPROVE TAFT.

 

Quote With Satisfaction Extracts From | Thig was about a week ago, before the

His Speech in Chicago.

A statement issued yesterday on behalf
of the New York section of the Socialist
party declares that the Socialists agree
with sentimenta expressed by Secretary
Taft in a speech made before the members
of the Order of Railway Conductors at
Chicago several days ago, After some
te 6 about the poKticians of the “old
parties,” who it gays have always de-
clared‘that there-are mo classes in this

country atid that labor and — are | wera in favor of the bill. The good people
© state- | were én favor of it because they thought it

brothers with identical interests, t
ment adds:

“Here we have the remarkable spectacle
of a Republican Presidential aspirant
coolly -dropping all this cant and admitting
the fact of the class struggle.”

These are the remarks in the speech of
Mr. Taft which have pleased the Socialiste:

Men who contro! capital as well as those
who work. for wages must combine. Com-
binations of capital within the bounds of
the law are nécessary for business expediency
and for cost reduction. And because of these
corhbinatioie among employers the laboring
men must combine also in order to obtain
that independence to which they are entitled.

There is no denying the fact that we must
jook forward to a gigantic controversy be-
tween labor and capital, hoping and trusting
that it will be settled peacefully. That oon-
troversy when it comes will decide once for
all how capital and labor shall share the
joint profite which they create.

The statement continues: “Secretary Taft
does not know how this gigantic contro-
versy is to be settled. He can only trust
that it will be settled peaceably—and the
ex on of the note seems to indicate
a doubt in his mind, But at least he recog-
nizes that @ gigantic controve’ existe
anti is growing’ more acute; that it is not
between bad employers and gros working-
men or good employers and working-
metreimpiy, but tween labor and capital—
that ie between wageworkers as such and
capitalists as such, and that itis inits nature
a conflict of organized forces on the two
eides and a question of public moment,
So muoh the dooretary recognizes. It isa
sign of progress.”

DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION SEATS.

Room for 14,000 Persons Provided in
New Denver Auditortam.

Denver, Col., April 25.—Fourteen thou-
sand persons will have seats at the Demo-
cratic national convention, to be held here
in the new auditorium, according to the
gare which have been sent b

ills of the Denver Chamber of Commerce
and Convention to
Woodson of the national committee.

For the general public 8,143 seats have been
provided, divided as follows; Seven bundred
on = = floor, Loe in me Sameer and
544 in pollery. pace n pro-
vided for tel h_ companies and for

rivate wires. This ‘will be easily reached

rom all norte of the press reservation. Th
Western Union and Postal com drew
lots for the space of vantage the Postal

 

won, ting the first reservation of 1,700
aquare feet.
, Bryan Home.

Lixcoty, Neb,, April 25.—William J
Bryan, Mrs. Bryan and Mrs. Ruth Leavitt
arrived in this city this afternoon and went
immediately to Fairview, A large crowd,
com, of re es and close friends, met
the party at the

OO) See 2 et yo TRIER emer ys <p TRRR nt SENT orem Fm +

'

e@ are voted
not bolters, we are fighting within party | follows:

 

duty to vote in accordance with his belief

and not in acoordance with proposals of

the Governor, which did not meet the

Senator's approval. In so doing I believe

that I acted within or privileges as a citizen
0

Senator Fassett said:

“On the morning the vote was to be
taken I filed a telegram at the Capito! in
Washington to Senator Cassidy which

read: ‘John and I think you better support | and = my funct = ~ wl reaponee
j racetrack bill owing to con- rty authority, regularly chosen by the
Goverser 68 a . Republicans a this Congress district to

ditions in your district’ (John meaning represent them in the councils of the party

in the Stato.”

Mr. Barnes added that he was misquoted
regarding a talk he had with Gov, Hughes
as to the wisdom from a standpoint
of passing the racing bills, and gives the
following as the conversation whieh actu-

ally occurred;

I said to the Governor that I thought
he had made a mistake in forcing the issue
of the repeal of the Percy-Gray law and
that if the issue was for publican
party would lose fully 26,000 votes, if not
more, at the next election for Governor.
“He said: ‘We will gain two for every
one we lose.’

“L said: ‘From whom?’

“He replied: ‘Why, the Democrats.’ }
“I aid: ‘From men who did not vote for
ou?’

“He then changed the basis of the con-
versation and said: ‘My conscience would
not be satisfied if, when my term of office
expired, I had not done all in my power to
r

that law.’
I said laughingly in closing the
conversation: ‘Well, if it is a matter of
your conscience I have nothing to say
about that.’ I was simply talking of the

prospects of the election.”
NO GAMBLING, VOTES CASSIDY.

Convention That Renominated Fassett
Unanimous—For Roosevelt Also.
Evaira, April 26.—At the Republican
Congress convention this afternoon Mr.

Fassett was uanimously renominated upon

morning when | heard that Cagsidy had
against the bill I sent another as
‘John and I think you have made
a serioustif not fatal mistake. Get busy;
move to reconsider and the bill.’ I
next saw Cassidy at the State convention
April 10 in the evening and he show ed mea
telegram signed by me which read the
game as the one | had filed in Washington
except the word ‘not’ had been ad to
make it read: ‘John and | think you better
not,’ &c. Limmediately wired Washington
and found that the telegram on file read
filed, and on retu to Washington
learned that the telegram had been falsified
while in ss of transmission from the
braneh office in the Capitol to the central
office by adding the word ‘not.’ I have a
letter from the Western Union manager
in Washington stating exactly bow the
falsification occurred and vining me
that the operator has been discharged and
giving the exact date when the telegram was
recoived andforwarded. The fglesf ed tele
| ram was handed Senator Cassidy less
fan half an hour before rollcall on the
bill commenced, giving no time for veri-
fication. I advised Senator Cassidy of the
forgery at once and forwarded him @ copy
of the Western Union manager's letter.

Legislature adjourned :

*Then Cassidy would have had time to
correct his mistake?” ,

*I do not know when he received my
letter. I only know when I sent it.”

“Why did you wire Cassidy, knowing that
he had voted with the Governor before?”

“T was 80 anxious that the Senator should
not go against the general feeling of his
district, and I knew that he felt as a good
many other men felt that the legisation
was faulty. The Governor and the minis-
ters, the poolroom proprietors and police

The convention adopted a resolution en-
dorsing the administrations of Roosevelt
and Hughes, the resolution sustaining the
Governor's gambling policy in the following
language:

“We believe gambling in all forms to be
one of the most alluring and insidious vices
and every eTort shduld be made to sup-
press it in whatever form it may appear.
We commend the action of Congress in ita
endeavor to suppress this vice in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and urge upon the State
Legislature the e ent of laws which
shall tend to eliminate gambling at race-

tracks, in stock exchanges, in poolroo
in lotteries and in whatever device it is

%”
rei is the letter of the Western Union
manager in Washington:
Wasninoron, D.C., April 21, 1008,
Hon. S, Fassett, House of Representatives,
Washington, 1), ©.

Dean Sir: In response to your inquiry re-
specting the telegram sent by you on April 8,
1908, to the Hon, Owen Cassidy, Albany, N. Y.,
I beg to submit the following report of our
investigation: 4

We find that on April 8 you filed at our
office in the Capitol the following message:

“John and I think you better support Gov-
ernor on racetrack bill owing to conditions io

Prrhe convention passed the resolution
without a dissenting vote, Senator Cas-
sidy, who was a delegate from Schuyler,
being recorded in the affirmative.

Con, man Fassett and Milo ‘cker of
H rnell were elected delegates to the na-

your district.” Ne . Y ;
This telegram was filed at 3 P. M., trans- tional] convegtion . H. B. Mongin o
mitted at 8:03 P, M. from the Capitol to the aaa and Senator Cassidy were named

main office in Washington, where it was re-

ceived, reading: Q
“John ‘and | think you better not support

The delegates were instructed to sup-
port Hughes as long as there was a chance
of the nomination coming to New York’

Governor on racetrack bill owing to con-| State, Fassett made a in which
ditions in your district,” he said that the Republicans of New York
The word “not” having been inserted in | Rtate wore loyal to Hughes

“I don't know who will be the nominee
| ave oOne Be guns, ware, there came 2
terruption and scores of persons
hall shouted “Theodore Roosevelt!” Then
there was cheering for the President and
none for Hughes. “But whoever will be,”
went on the Congressman, “will be named
because Theodore Roosevelt thinks he is
the right man and he will run on a Roosevelt
pecan. We have a candidate in New
ork State and he says he believes in Roose-
veltism. We are for him because we have
believed that Roosevelt would not be a

candidate —
“It was evident that it was a Roosevelt
crowd.

transmission, The message in this form,
that is with the word “fot” inserted, wes
forwarded in due oourse to our office in
Albany, N. Y., where it wae received at 4
P, M., and delivered at 4:20 P, M. samie date.
We assume no responsibility for the error in
the transmission of this message, but stand
ready to take any aotion which will aid in
undoing any injury that may have resulted
therefrom, The operator at fault tas been
dismissed. We regret Very sinoerely if this
error has caused embarrassment or injury to
any one. Yours truly,

H. F. Tary, Manager.

Henry t, the friend of Senator
Owens, who was said by Cuvillier to have are
been in the party in the Ten Eyok HUGHES'S SPEECHMAKING TOUR,

 

grt. is
a seal estate Geeier with offices at li East
125th street. He was ‘oagy” yesterda:
when questioned about the, incident. ’

*{ remember distinctly,” said he, “that
a telegram was to Senator Cassid
about 11 o/olock that t. Where it
came from 1 don't know. It didn't seem
to have any effect on Senator Cassidy's
cheerful mood.”

George H. Fearons, counsel for the West-
ern Union, wilk go on to Washington 4o find
out if possible why the “not” was put into
the message. »

Mr. Fearons declared yesterday that the
company would push the investigation
until it had the entire case oleared up. The
officials of the company do not hesitate,

| however, t© say that Mr. Fassett sent the
as he says he did without the word

Will Address Mass Meetings tn Favor of
the Anti-Gambling Bills.

Axsany, April 26.—Gov. Hughes is realy
to wage a campaign of appeals to the people
between now and the opening of the ex-
traordinary session of the Legislature. He
will utilize every available opportunity
to address mass meetings in favor of
the anti-racetraok gambling bills at times
when his work in the exeoutive department
will permit.

The Governor declines to announce any
itinerary, and knowledge of most of his en-

gagemente is coming out through the local
committees in charge of arrangements for

“not” and that he also sent the subsequent | the meetings. To-morrow the Governor
message criticisi the attitude which | will make two speeches to mass meetings,
Cassidy had taken in voting against the bill. | one in Albany and one in Troy. Hes

here at §:30 P. M. and at Troy at 4:16 P. M.,
to do which will necessitate a hurried trip
between the cities by trolley. On Thursday
the Governor will speak in Schenectady.
The only other places where it is known
at this time that the Governor'is to speak

before the m oonvenes are

| sothtne af te & sage that Oavlltier trinbs
nothing o r
| Ronnal ond Lawper Peaseme 00 eoee os te
| heard of the Assemblyman’s statement
| ordered a search for any record of such 4
mnosnag. The search will take at least
roe °

Mr Fearons said that the company if
possible would prosecute the man respon-

%

Serene te
|
Sst
lls tnt

“4

’ . ‘
i s | thm were +»
some ame | LESSORS eR ae es
a at eS Dre oS ee ee es fm Xo gil:
en’ x

  

 

os"

motion of Justice Walter Lloyd Smith. | GA

   

4 7 ai?

    
 
  

p ,

First
Complete
Piano

      

  

 
  
 
 

Early
Predictions
Realized

       

   
     
    
     
  
  
 

    
   
     
            
    
  
 
  
 

 

   
 
   
  

    
  
  
   
    
 
   
  
   

 
 
 

Ghe
AEOLIAN CO.

     
 

 

every owner and

enero

it to

of a

JIMMBDIATB
Chassis Prices o

65 A. P., @ cylinders..........
two t

°

45 A. P., 4 eylinders
Four to

Town Car, 16-20 H. FP...

' 48565 Broadway—at Glst St.

  

LLL ee

BO¥ BURIED IN HIS TUNNEL

VE CAVED IN WPON
YOUNG ENGINEER.

 

ITs

 

The Roys in the Block Had Caught the Un-
derground Fever and tn a Vacant Let
Had Get a Tunnel te Jersey Pushed
Along Eight Feet When It Collapsed.

of 768 West End avenue, was

to death under a mound of earth wh ich
he and three other boys had built as a cave
to play bandit in.

Shortly after noon Norman, with Joho
Chapman and Joseph Jenkins, who live in
the Victoria at the corner of
Ninety-seventh street and Riverside Drive,
and Codin MoCabe, who
End avenue, crawled

ie

rit
He
HI

f

SEBPE
3

B
fv
i

The Jenkins went for the wood
he was across

wal wat eine ore het tha

Holmes , but recel no answer and

bécameffrightened. John ran from

the lot notified Norman's mother, w:

came running to the place. Ji 4

Bicyole Policeman Arthur E.

breathlessly told what

Sob Secs pend Ga fecee al

Fee ts ~~ jous, bat

Wi

Taoe fhe Boy” be became

ot cas bee o kuew U hor ber

Td been found und ff be wes ad
0) preente came

nt Stal ta te ae kt

ncroee the boy far back fa ;

SEF

Ee
rh

=
pe Pee
3
,
33
4
et
= 3:
ce
3
2°

RG Or el, ac hia

DS ai B

71 r i, IP ey F
| Weta ay ru?

    
       
  

i
a

Built Like A Gun Oy Genmakers. Hotchkiss & Cie., Parts.

of hia the groatent car

to seventy miles an hour on high gear.
aixty miles an hour on high ‘gear.

HOTCHKISS IMPORT COMPANY

 

 

Bae eo Oh ee NAT, tans A ar ae Gnade
SO MFT, FL ART RET OR

eos

x "Fae

RBHEN we brought out the PIANOLA PIANO

‘ie, and announced it as the “First Complete

My Piano,” we \prophesied that here was an in-

”s strument that was “‘destined to revolutionize
NA ~ the entire piano situation.”

No other piano manufacturer at’ that

time had anything similar to offer to the public.

So enthusiastic had been the acceptance of
the Pianola, however—so confident were we of
the success of this new instrument—that we pre-
dicted that eventually a// other piano manufac-
turers would be obliged’to incorpotate some kind
of a Piano-player in their own instruments.

 
     
 
   
    
        

   
      
  
 

Time has since shown how amply justified
was this prediction.

@ To-day there is Nardly' a piano man-
ufacturer left who is net offering some-
thing he claime is just as good av the
Pianela Piano.

@ Those who are not now doing so will
ultimately be obliged to follow the Aeo-
lian Company’s lead.

It is important to remember, however, that
before any other so-called Player-piano had been
put upon the market, the Pianola Piano had
already become famous throughout the entire
musical world.

     
       
  

   
 
 
 

     
  
    
     
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
     

   
  
  
  
  
     
   
 
   
  
   
   
 

The genuine Pianola Piano is made only by
the Aeolian Company. Without exception,
instruments which attempt to compete with it
contain Piano-players which are ifferior to
the Pianola and which lack its vital masical fea-
tures, like the Themodist and the Metrostyle,

     
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
    

     
    
    
   
  
   
  
   
   

   
 

The Piallela $215 and $300
The Pianola Piane $500 te $1,050

Aeolian Hall

Purchasable by mode-
rate monthly payments

362 FIFTH AVENUE,
9 near 34th St., New York

  
  

FURS, GARMENTS,
RUGS, ETC.

LINCOLN SAFE DEPOSIT CO,

         
   

+ EVERY of a HOTCHEISS not only buys a maximum of ‘Phone 6668 80th St.
Re! ty, and P, at price,
elves 6% the rest that ts willin rin ees

rotPrance Tos”

 
    

‘o 8
lass car it is worth crossing the,

BLIVERIEBS,
'06 Models are:

CORPO mee eee rete eeeeeee

       
     
      
 

   

5,000.00
3,800.00

       

COOP e ener eee renee

America’s

      

Telephone 8965 Columbus.

 

Morgan &Brother

(@etabdiiched 1861.)

Storage Warehouses

Moving Vans,
Rat Besacae 20° wogere go
of emia contarteen cress
ob Beastie eT a
papers wae
ware oreamentoand beakoare sata tutes,

Office Furniture, Files, Libra-
vies, ete., Remeved

srice bat erences forte

ARDY a;

   

VENTNOR,

Atlantic City, N. J.
8% Improvement Bonds,
Par 9000. Present price $680.
A $760 Building Lot FREE with each

 
     
    

bond.

The Wheelock Land Co,,
608 Battery Park Bldg.,

 
     
     
   
    

 

    

 
   

 

 

 

DRY COLD STORAGE

SEND FOR ESTIMATE & PAMPALET

-PIEL BROS.

REAL GERMAN LAGER BEER

   
    

 
    
       
     

 

Finest Malt Beer
delivered to familtes

at $1.30 a case of 24 pint bots

PIEL BROS: East Mew York Brewery.

 

PIF PNT WATER Hicks st., Brooklyn, Thomas Arnold Buf
aged &4 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS, COFFIN.—Suddenly at Baston, Pa., March 13, !v#®
~~ anne Robert Coffin, aged 2% years, son of Jobo |»
and Sarah H. Coffin of Asbury Park. N. J.
Funeral services at First M. BE, Church, Asbur’
BAVER-FOLSOM GALLERIES 3) %isc."%,7M, Mente, t97 on
Pith Avenue Sere Sacto hes ee
ot, New
one A at 1220, ‘Interment Tuceday at Greenwood
(BET. th AND Sith STREBTS,) COOPER—At Stapleton, Braten Island, Apr! #
EXHIB: 1008, Samve! Cooper, years.
then tame, Bas mer er ate ne
‘afternoon, '
aad Be'clock. Relat ves and friende are respectful
Graeco-Roman invited. Please omit flowers.
MORGAN.—Bntered into 34, 1008, oF
GLASS AND FAIENCE Mast Orange Za, denne Boris. ws
_ | Prom Oth te f¥th Centary. Seney ©, Medoan ond Gonghier of Bary ©
. Collection of uncsual Deneps certian Menten, Aged ©. 0 be 5
reakdence, 97 Halsted st, on arrival 0
Persian and Polonaise Rugs P.M, train from New York, vis D. L.  ¥
of the 26th, 20th @ 17th Contaries | Detsh Cheoeh geen Chaamanatl pagers et?
copy. - :

 

 

 

 

Pirighs Beopltal, but it wee too Inte. Mrs. Ann Mostyn, in the 604 year of his age.
oot that her was deed Notice of funeral hereafter.
Wane to be home. , on Bavurdey morning, At
orman's See ae SS Beene Menest, aged 7. a
when it was completed. a. hentep evtinan, April 27, at 6 e'cloab
Teterment ot Greenwood.
=. . SPECIAL NOTICE.
A verdict for $6,500 damages for injuries ROLAND JONES’ INSTI
United Staten Cirsuls Court to Mee Mins- for the SPECIAL TREATMENT #
ompary ae Be es oe RHEUMATISM and GOUT.
Ww es Office 66 & 60 Hast 69th %., New York 17
a a? ww wlan ah rie : « ,?
iy ee rine 5° 1h eM gags See Dowd :

rat 4: el A : ay. .
\ “ ey a" A