AMONG TRE AUTOMOBILISTS

-_———e

AUTOMOBILE CLUB TO PROTECT
THE PUBLIC'S INTEREST.

Avdge FE. H. Gary, Newly Elected President
of Big Motoring Organization, Bogins
Term of Office by Declaring Himeelf
Against Careless and Reckless Driving.

The following official announcement was
made yesterday by the Automobile Club of
America:

“*Protect the Public Interest!’ This ts the
slogan adopted by Judge E. H. Gary, the
recently elected president of the Automobile
Ciub of America, to whose mind the most
important work of the club (s to look out and
ware for the welfare of the public. Judge
Gary 16 of the opinion that, above all things
else, the great organization should put itself
on record as opposed to the careless or reck-
less operation of motor vehicles, both in the
crowded, streets of cities and through the less
densely populated villages and towns through-
out the rural districts, He thinks that noth-
ing should be left undone by which the publlo
might have tangible evidence of the olub’s
attitude in the matter and favors the oon-
tinuance of the plan by which the club’s
counse! has assisted In the prosecution of
offenders

“In taking command of the affairs of the
olub for the ensuing year the new presitient
has declared that he thinks everything pos
sible should be done to secure advantages to
the members of the big organization in the
care of their properties and in the reduotion
of cost to them for that which they receive
from the club. Judge Gary thinks the alub
has an opportunity of increasing ite use-
fulness in the community, partioularly in the
matter of keeping a close watch upon the
condition of the city pavements and in con-
tikuing to make every effort to see that the
holes and ruts are repaired without undue loss
of time. He warmly approves of the plan to
present a medal every year to that. member
of the police force who has done the most
affective work in protecting the public.”

The committees of the club appointed for
the ensuing year are: Executive Henry
Sanderson, Dave Hennen Morris, Edgar L.
Murston and Colgate Hoyt. Exhibition—
Gen. George Moore Smith and Alan R. Haw-
ley. Bureau of Tours—Waldron Williams.
Contest—Robert Lee Morrell. Law and Or-
dinances—Philip T. Dodge, George F, Cham-
berlin and J. D, Prince.

Sign Posts—Irving Brokaw, Winslow Tracy
Williams and Jefferson Seligman. Good
Roads—A, R. Shattuck, F. D, Underwood,
W. G. McAdoo and Col. J. J. Astor. City
Streets—W. W. Niles and W, C. Reick. Li-
brary—The Rev. Wilton Merle Smith. Maps
—Cortlandt Field@ Bishop, Membership-
George F, Chamberlin. Ractng—Samue! B.
Stevens. Building—Dave Hennen Morris,
William Pierson Hamilton and F. D, Under-
wood. Foreign Relations—John E. Borne,
James H. Hyde, Cortlandt Field Bishop and
1, Howard Johnston

Public Safety —George F. Chamberlin, A. R.
Shattuck, Winthrop E, Scarritt, Dave Hennen
Morris and Colgate Hoyt. Auditing—W. 8
Fanshawe. Entertainment—Orrel A. Parker
and Esha Dyer. Technical—Dr. 8. 8.
Wheeler and Alden! L. McMurtry. Special
Committees on Uniforms—R. A. (. Smith,
Commodore F, G. Bourne and Col. John Jacob
Astor

* Frank B. Hower, chairman of the touring
board of the American Automobile Assocla-
tion, has begun making arrangements for
laying out the route of “the fifth annual
reliability touring contest of the American
Automobile Association, including the con-
test for the Charles J, Glidden trophy for
touring cars and the Frank B, Hower trophy
for runabouts.” Dai H. Lewis, secretary
of the Automobile Club of Buffalo and of
the A, A. A. touring board, who laid out the
route for last year’s A, A. A, tour, will perform
a like service in connection with the 1908
event, He will map out the route in a sis
cylinder Premier,

Massachusetts autoinobilists are likely
to be spared any oppressive legislation during
fhe present’ session of. the State solons, as 4
| reruarkable change has recently taken place
in the attitude of the legislators durimy the
. last few weeks. The members of the joint
» «committee on roads and, bridges a couple

of weeks ago voted to report a measure that
» would inorease the taxes on cars from the

present rate of $5 for each machine to @ horse-
power schedule that would tax cars from

$5 to $15, according to their power, James T.

Sullivan, a Boston motorist, began a vigor-

ous campaign against the passage of the

bil! and aroused so much active opposition
to the measure that the joint committee held
another meeting a few days later, at which
twenty-four of the twenty-six membere were
present, After considerable discussion the
coramitteemen again voted upon the question
of reporting the bill and decided by sixteen
votes to eight not to report the measure

Many New York automobilists refused to
enter New Jersey last year on account of the
oppressive motor, vehicle law of the State,
an d it is certain that the new measure which
goes into effect in the Mosquito State on June

t will keep many more from driving their cars

within its boundaries. Motorists who may

wiah to visit Philadelphia in their cars and
do not want to go through New Jersey will
undoubtedly be interested In a new route
between New York and Philadelphia discov-
ered by KR. H. Johnston of this city, who has

@poe over the route in his 20 horse-power

White steam touring car, The new route

skirts the northern boundary line of New

Jersey and then crossing from Port Jervis,

N. Y:, tnto Metamora, Pa., follows an almost

straight lineto Philadelphia. Mr. Johnatop is

chairman of the good roads committee of the

New York State Antomobile Association, and

in polling of tha new route yesterday said

“Leaving New York city we proceeded first
to Tarrytown. Here we were ferried across
to Nyack on the opposite shore of the Hudson.

The ferry runs on practically an hourly

pebediye, the fare for car and passengers

g $i. From Nyack we continued almost

ne west to Suffern and then, turning north,
we continued up the beautiful Ramapo Valley,
ng through ‘Tuxedo and Southfield to

fner. Here we turned from the main
and equth route and struck out ¢oward

e west, 8 made quick time through
aud! Goshen to Middletown, where,
to the southwest, we travelled via
and Huguenot to Port Jervis, Much
the roads up to this

tornia
Ovie ville
fo our surprise we found
point almost perfect.

y" At Port Jervis we crossed the toll bridge
over the Delaware River_and entered the
Siate of Pennsylvania. Then commenced
our ride down the valley of the Delaware.
On side of the road rise towering oliffs
strongly susgostive of the Palisad
doubt of the same geologic origin.
of the left, on the other side of the river, may
he seen the hills of inhospitable New Jersey.
The scenery is distinctive arid is as fine as can
be found anywhere within a day's ride of New
York city, barring ofcourse the Hudson
River scenery

“We spent the oa at Milford, 104 miles

es an
ar

from New York, and the next morning\con-
\inued own the valley. Thirty-three miles
below Milford we came to the Delaware Water
(AD, where we lingored for an hour or so en!
)0 the beauties of this great natural
curlosity. Five miles below the gap, at the
town of Portland, the r leaves the river
and then comes ten mileg of road where we
found the first waterbreaks seen on the trip.
At Martin's Creek the road again comes back
to the river's edge and theré is a fine eight
“aie stretch of macgdam to Easton, and this
road continues another twelve miles south of
Laston, Then the road bears inland and
thereafter we did not again see the Delaware,
Miter leaving the river the scenery becomes
rather uninteresting and the road \s of vary-
ng character. But as one nears Doylestown
the g roads begin again anda fine mao-
adam highway | us through Hat ro,
Willow Grove and Jenkinstown and then
along the York road into North Broad street,
Philadelphia
We had started only with the purpose of
inding a good route to Philadelphia which
would not’ pass through New Jersey. Not
only had we fully succeeded in this task
wut also we had found as interesting a two
davs tour out of New York city as the moat
exacting tourist could ask for, On the entire
225 miles of the trip we found only about
thirty miles of r which could not be con-
sidered good, and the scenery, particularly
along the Delaware River, was such as to
make a lasting impression upon us.”

Automobilists who contemplate making
tours in Europe will in the future be able to
secure touring information prepared by the
Moror Union of Great Britain and Ireland,
as that orgapization has established an office
in this country, The American rgpresenta-
tive of the Motor Union is E. B. Gallaher,
panager of the American branch of the Maja

mpany, Ltd., whose office is at 228 Weat

ty -clghth street. The value of membersh!
in the organisation lies in the feot that i
immense amount of information re-

:
|

 

}

|
the club officers look out for automobile
‘ Loh aave bee

“Made Good” Beyond
ps All Expectations.

LISTEN! Before the race we published this advertisement:

The Maja Car is not expected to win the Briareliff Trophy; we have not ho to since the rules admitted care built for

cn i a roe ae ea sate a ee aoa
sthe ca. wor .

Daimler Works; that in point of speed and endurance ft ih compare to its advan ge with the heavy racing cars Wane ee

And THIS Resulted: ‘

Maja, about half the size of its rivals, almost the only genuine stock touring chassis, and the only car of popular

horsepower entered
HELD PLACE WITH THE LEADERS
For Nearly HALF THE RACE,

TIME
41 minutes 31 seconds
40 “¢ 56 -
44 51

During this lap a bent fender had to be rem

 

Pronounced

.

BEHIND THE LEADER, ONLY
1 minute 49 seconds
2 “ 33 “
5 33

{ ‘od, causing 2-minute stop. Front tire notured

at Mastview; ran on rim 6 miles to Briarcliff. Continental station consuméd 6 minutes fitting

newlire. TOTAL DELAY, 8MINU making MAJA’Sactualranof Sdlap (anofficially)

ae minutes &1 seconds, certainly tying, If not beating, the fastest ial time for
ap.

POSITION
4th
(Tied with

4th Stearns, Vanghan’

oth (See below)

LAP
ist
2d
3d

“ss “ “ “

Sth estimates Un fiatanes

MAJA PASSED NINE CARS—NOT ONE CAR PASSED MAJA.

Not only nine of its rivals having double its horsepower, but some ( repassing it while in tire control) were again passed by Maja.

How Maja Stopped. ready -flated rims to these wheels for us. They sent the at the same moment, Murphy in Maja, tmmediately
: wheels to the most iment wheel makers tn N LAT.
sdaje coughs up vo Leland's Sieaths entering Vethatie, prom| col makers in Newark, passing Cedrino in F. |. A. T. at full speed, on @ curve.

and on the next few miles, th h 4 WF Uy Cis asare tees PRUNE SSS B. Maja, the smallest of all

iw b @ rough ¥ .
of the course, was held back, eae an aoa lite ont After the break, we found our bent wood felloes had Passed one car on the first la
attempt to do so dropped the left front wheel In a sand been removed, and straight-grain sawed-out felloes “Passed two cars on the second lap
hole, giving a frightful wrench, At the neat turn (Bast substituted, ne straight-grain had split, freeing the Passed three cars on the third lap
view), the worst on thecourse, this wheel collapsed —the seen) one. wa ~ yee nth : nev felloe ware too far Passed four cars on the fourth lap
car siid on ite under pan toa quiet stop. and the driver | ends, too, yet NOT ONE 4 CA t
stepped out unburt, | No part af car or engine suffered | PART OF MAJA CONSTRUCTION BROKE. goupltrenied Vale by tating ay noes ere,
ny ghte rm from the high speed and sudden
stop except only this wheel | The tire and wheel makers must settle which. had nine cars, it caused him more concern thas
|
!
|

Ath contibrea

All much
bigger
machines!

or who,

his com- any other car in the race until he heard of the socident;

so criminally risked the lives of Murphy
y urphy and for which frank statement we are grateful to Mr. Strang

panion
Examination of this wheel after the collapse caused a Straws Which Show oo

sensation, Only one spoke Was brokert--tkey are on A. At the ad lap, Cedrino, who started 2d, and Mur
exhibition at our office. The tire makers had fitted | phy, who started 10th—4 minutes later—left Mt. Kisco

Maja proved conclusively that a new marvel has come from the famous Daimler works—a light 30 H. P. car which is
practical use than 70 H. P. or more of other design and construction. ° aries

NO SUCH DEMONSTRATION OF EFFICIENCY HAS EVER BEEN MADE BY ANY STOCK CAR IN THE WORLD.

AMERICAN BRANCH MAJA CO., Ltd.

58th Street, Just East of Broadway, New York
OFFICES IN NEW YORK, LONDON, PARIS, STUTTGART, HAMBURG and ST, PETERSBURG
_ MAJA FOREIGN TOURING SERVICE has its depots in the above cities, and correspondents throughout the w Id
licenses, fees, customs, insurance and shipping formalities, and does everything fur the auto tourist, trreapective of car i ove AT

the trouble. Write for information,
MAJA CONTINENTAL TOURING GUIDE AND MAP, the only complete course of information printed in English for those who tour

abroad, Guide, $3.00; Map, $2.00, Subscriptions now being received.
IF YOU ARE GOING ABROAD

4-4
and contemplate buying a car, you can rent at regular rates a brand new '08 Maja, body and equipment made to .
your tour, on deciding you want the car, have a liberal portion of your rental char crpdited toward its me ee ae oe
the import duties on bringing it over, This is the most advantageous offer ever male, conecialy as you rent from a responsible house with
avery interest bound up in giving you perfect service, equipped for the purpose as is no other organization in the world. We refer to
many tourists who have adopted this method, as to its satisfactory features. , : ve <4 ‘

Maja had not been provided with extra wheels which
were properly equipped for detachsble tires, so was
withdrawn, but later, with @ touring car wheel, ran
to the stand at Briarcliff to show that the car itself
was in perfect condition.

WHY Maja Stopped.

——$—$—$$—$————_ LT

~ ISOTTA WINS

Briarcliff Trophy

powered, ay Amencan fappeuntatys {6 a _ LEADS FROM START TO FINISH
; Defeated Nearest Competitor by 6 Min. 52 1-5 Sec,

sentative in this country of the Tourin lub
of France ene tne Swiss Touring Club for the
The Briarcliff stock car race on April 24, 260 miles, again proved the supremacy of
the Isotta Fraschini. The 50 H. P. Isotta, driven by Strang, never stopgad ond ibe
never passed from start to finish, and averaged 49 miles per hour, winning in 5 h, 14
min. 13 15 sec. A remarkable example of consistent running never before equalled.

Isotta Defeated the following:

Foreign Cars American Cars
FIAT STEARNS
BIANCHI APPERSON

SIMPLEX
RENAULT
BENG LOZIER

HOL-TAN
' PANHARD THOMAS

THREE ISOTTA STOCK CAR VICTORIES

{. Savannatt—Strang in the Briarcliff covered 342 miles in 6h. 21m., winning the

race at the rate of 53.8 miles per hour.
> Over The Circuit Pavoda-Borolenta, Italy, near Venice, on April 5, Trucco

and Minoia, driving Isotta regular stock 40 H. P. cars finished first and second, and estab-
lished a world’s tecord for 40 H. P, stock cars, averaging 76 and 75 miles per hour, and
defeating. all other Italian makes—Fiat, Bianchi, Zust, Rapid, Junior, and S. P. A.
3, The Briarcliff. Trophy, won on April 24, 22 entries, Isotta first.

You can purchase for immediate delivery exact duplicates from stock of
the Briarcliff Winner.

ISOTTA IMPORT CO,, 12 W. 33d St, New York

will remove on May 1 to 1620-22-24 Brdadway.

gardin touring routes and other data needed
by automobilists who may wiah to drive |
their cars either in Great Britaid of in any
of the countries of continental Europe.

The Motor Union has a working connection |
with the principal touring clubs and adsocia-
tions of Europe and is in a position through |
ita agents an correspondents to be of great
service to its members in all European coun:
tries. Matters regarding the shipment of
automobiles, customs formalities, triptyaue
agreements and all other arrangements can |
be taken care of so as to save tourists much
annoyance and some money. It costa a
guinea to join, which includes a valuable in- |

Ralph M. Sperry, chairman of the contest
committee of the Automobile Glub of Brits -
port, has issued ontey blanks for the third
annual hill climb of the organization on the

rade at Sport Hill, near Faston Conn., on
May 30, Nine events are scheduled, one of
them being for the Craufurd cup for amateur
drivers of gasolene cars, which is presented
by Robert B, Craufurd’ of the Automotsile
Club of Americe who won the Yale cup last
year at Sport lil. Event 1 ts for gasolene
cars, selling for $850 and under; event 2 is for
geegiene cars selling for $851 to $1,250; event

is for gasolene cars, selling for $1,251 to $2,000
event 4 is for gasolene touring cars selling
for $2,001 to $3,000; event 6 is for gasolene run-
abouts, selling for $2,001 to $3,000; event 6 is
for gasolene cars selling for $3,001 to $4,"0
event 7 is for gasolene cars, selling for $4.0!
and over; event 8 is a free for all and event 9
is for Mr. Craufurd’s cup. Entries close on
oted that the course will |
be patrolled by the Fourth Company, Coast |
Artillery, Connecticut National Guard, under |
command of Capt. George E. Hawes.

Worcester, April. 25,—A. L. Bennett of
New York city and B. F. Sherman of Brook-
line, who made a 4,000 mile record breaking
tour of Europe in 1906 and reached the highest |

Ititude ever.attained in an automobile in the |
Bwink mountaing, will sail for Europe in. June, |
this time to try for a 6,000 mile reoord tn France
and Germany over a wholly different course.

The car to be used inattempting the record |
is a special 50 horse-power American Mors and
has just been completed. nnett and Bher-
man made their 4,000 mile record tour in ex-
actly thirty days, and they will attempt to
reel off the 6,000 miles in the same number of
days, which {a an average of 200 miles a day.

Mr Bennett is making all arrangemente for
the tour. They will rom Boston, as it is
easier to ship automobiles from that port.
Directly upon thelr arrival they will proceed
to Southampton vig Low ion over the road
After crossing the Channel their car will be
overhauled and {napected preparatory to the
start from Cherbourg, which also happens to
be the finish of their tour planned.

Mr. Bennest has arran he itinerary of
the sous pe K follows, only cae, Slant
gto n t ; a ourg,
Evrew x, Paris, Mien, Wale, Tours,Bour 8,
Cluny, Afx-les-Bala, Grenoble, Valence, Mar-
seilies, Bt. Raphael, Draguigan, Arles, Be-
ziers, Toulouse, Pau, Ang em , Tours,
Paris, Saarburg, Coblenz, Wiesbaden, Wurz-
burg, Nurnburg, Regengoure, Munchen, 8ee-
hof, Tubingen, Nancy, s and Cherbourg.

Provipence, April 26.—At the regular
monthly meeting of the of governors
of the Rhode Island Automobile Club Alfred
Armitage was el assistant secretary to
take the place formerly oocupled by F. D.
Fiske. F. M. Barber is the nominal secre-
tary, but all the work of the office has been

laced in the han

of Mr. Armitage. The
ard meeting was well attend nd the
automobile legislation now

 

May 20. It is ex

mile contee. The content will
on much the same lines as the

of the New Jersey Automobile an » tor Club
last fall, except that the rules will be somewhat
stricter, It will probably bea non-stop run
at least so far as the engines of the competing
cars are concerned. ,George A. Post of Pater-
aon, who was recently elected president of the
Associated Automobile Clubs of New Jersey
har retired from the presidency of the North
Je ‘i, Automobile Club and Robert Beattie
of Little Falls was elected president of the |
club at_the annual meeting recently. ‘Ihe

other officers el y
vice-president, iit re © as follows: t

check speeding in the thickly populated sec-
ions.

lege and atill another for the privil on
having some one run it for the Thee ts condoned

® assessor comes along and taxes the auto as

Virginia automobiliste are discussing the personal property.”

eo r ® | He shows the injustice of this procedure
plan PoP the metering shade in the various by calling attention to the fact that owners

big brewery trucks | truoks and mov-
cities of the Btate. ing vans, generally hadled by teame of three
sha 4 shod ho , are not eepeted
sh jcense numbers nor are they a
for the Privilege of using the streets at any
| time and as often as they wish, though these
vehicles datnage streets far more than auto-
mobiles do, and the owners pay_only, per-
sonal property taxes on them. He asserts
that the Frel mqnuyese measure is particu-
rly unjust, as it makes no provision for re-
classifying cars, no matter what their age or
mechanical condition ma e says he
sacar that

be.
horse-power
ve rma ut whi
} vee iF bo hic not develop
power,

ore the House
of Representatives was Man
srovisions of the new law are not favor
pr'the members of the club.

—_

To those quromobiligts
time in the future the sv Jersey solons will
adopt a more reasonable and just attitude
towatd users of motor vehioles, the fact that
automobile owners who are not in any man- |
ner i eptiied with motoring clubs or with
the tra an na be make serious ob-
jection to the inghu:
as a very hopeful sign
come, oboken
owner of
coppers on the su

evel 10 front of tay propert
proved in fron my pro
street I have pa’ to have
proved in front of two vacant ove aad I have
po my taxes on all my y. Now, when

want to take my old « ate om ome
or

the wa I have e ee :
where xe, a

f pay ihe ts for the priyi-

al 5 i lle a

SPRINGFIELD Me ., April 25.—The Spring-
field Automobile Club is growing 80 fast that
it was discovered at the regular monthly
meeting that it waa entitled to an extra rep-
resentative in the Massachusetts State Auto-
mobile Assooiatiga, and the club's choice for
the place was,F. G. Jagar. A. EB. Lerche

fepresentation on the lists
of the State association to ucceed A, E.
Corbin, resigned. club is yeseing to
give each member in good stan ing @ copy
of one of the standard route books. Eleven
new members were voted in.

Members of the club were warned through

who hope that some

vice-president, min a

kner, , |

tery and treasurer, eis Jr.; cap- |
in, George le . M. D.; eogat
WB. Froude; couneal Tecob ‘an leu ook

The following offical announ
pose mee regs + ap ae of - oa |
co
Au obile Association: oe ee Saree

ge of the Gi

The Zogth I, A ry i ee te poe

Pat . ia tense ay

was also elected to

y:
street {m-
on another

8 sald to have
ms man 3 -power at present, but he
¢ street im- -

traps, ¥ n established the various to pay taxes on the 40 horse-
of the city, A special effort is to be

pele rding to Marshal! Quilty, to
a

that ibe ap eight to twe ve miles

6, of

ty rv It is the
ub to ly 00-
police in the vor to

& committee in

ru
event will

. as batt Bid Sais a io 3) u phe a

e cont
aries Se tess
rane AE

eel

ou’ve Al

RS

AUTOMOBILFS.

PP RPP LADD

ways said:

“If the Cadillac Company would only

build a big car as good as its
whole world beaten.”

they would have the

 

Model G, Four Cylinder 2
cluding Three

Model H, Four Cylinder 30
Three Oil Lamps

@You realized when you said
that, that the superiority of
the little Cadillac lay in its
enormous strength, its ele-
mental simplicity and its
perfect standardization.

You knew the little Cadiflac
had the pulling power of a
pack-horse the speed of
a high bred racer; and you
wondered if these qualities
would be emphasized in pro-
portion if the cylinders were
multiplied.

(Well, while you were “won-
dering” the Cadillac Com-
pany was building the ideal
Cadillac you had in your
mind—a magnificent high
pownes car in which the
ine qualities of the smaller
car are reproduced on a

larger scale.

To-day one-third the output
of this great plant consists
of these superb 4-cylinder
Cadillacs, and their owners
are saying precisely the same
things about them that
16,000 owners say of the
smaller car.

Cadillac Motor Car

il Lamps and

little car

Car, $2,000, In.
orn.

H. P. Tor

H. P. Touring Car, Including
and Horn, $2,500.

(This 4-cylinder car wy
really ftve years in the proc.
ess of building, because it
crystallized the invaluable
experience of these five years
in perfecting the standard.
ization of the little car—and
represents the highest me
chanical possibilities of a
huge plant which builds the
largest line of separate mod-
els made in any one factory
in the world.

QiIt represents the new erain
automobile buaitlding which
demands a car so strong, and
so perfectly synchronized in
every part that it will last,
not one season, but two,
three, four and five.

(These long-lived qualities
have been realized in the
$2,000 4-cylinder 25 H. P.
and the $2,500 4-cylinder 30
H. P. cars—and they possess
in a superlative degree all the
rugg qualities of the
smaller car.

(We urge you to verify these
statements by personal in-
vestigation, comparison and
demonstration. pe

a4

Co., Detroit, Mich. U.S.A

Members Association Licensed Automobile Manufacturers,

New York City, G
Brooklyn, Jos, D, Rourk,
Jersey City,, N. J.

Newark,
Bridge
Stamford,

Conn.,
oan.,

A >

macs} ant

T

rh

e J, Grossman,

oter Car Co, pf Ma
Auto Co.,,

Bridgeport Cc
Mechaley Auto Co,,

Broadway & Sist %&
1001 Bedford Ave.
2666 Boulevard,
201 Halsey St.

388 Fair field Ave.
84 Summer St.

HE CAR YOU CA

TO BUY AND KEEP

Because it is moderate

in price $1000 to $2800

Because it is stylish, handsome and well finished

Because it is perfect in

each detail of constructiaa

Because cost of maintenance is always low

4 Cylinder 20 H. P.
4 Cylinder 20 H. P.
4 Cylinder 35 H. P.:
4 Cylinder 35 H. P.

‘ | Mimesell

Motor dar Raciae,
Member epee MY uci

MITCHELL MOTOR CO. OF

Runabout, $1,000
Roadster, $1,250
Touring Car, $2,000
Limousine, $2,800

7
N. # ¥, 4

tlh

‘seen ene ett cement t+ erence iam ohm sn

aces

109 Miles on One Charge
25 MILES AN HOUR

New York to Phfladelphia (108 miles) on ebarge
Philadeipiria to Atlantic City (63 miles) § hoses » —-
Rochester to Buffalo and return (148 miles) ti one day.

Fort George Hill. April 0, stanting start, | meineée 24 seoonder
time than well-known gas an ' ”

DUPLICATHD OF ABOVE Cams 91,606.
Baboock Electric Carriage Co., preadway and

Brooklyn Agents, McoINVOGH BROS. TIO Carroll St

known was when different contestants, with
diverse interests, appealed for rulings to
different members of the committee and
there was qontention among them. The
situation sanely solved by the chair-
man becoming autocratic and assuming all
responsibility. Ethically this was high handed
ursurpation of committee powers, but prac-
yaw it was the thing that saved the tour
for the contestants were in the field, where
there was no time for bickerings or ‘the law's
This contest when under way

cinta Yo the forced mar 7
tarsi Gare

.
‘. Sean t 5

 

in time of stress seems a wise more.

oes without saying, of coures, that
fhe chatrnia of the. a. A touring bears
ere is always possible a
to the creative body.” .

The Automobile Club of Delaware Coustl
held @ dinner on Tuesday night at the pirat
Haven Inn, a, Pan at which s0ow
160 motorists were present. J i Weeks re
dent of the club, presided and exp! ned
to improve the highways of the Ke: sont

te through Brate bo
song the epegners were 513'0 888

Judge
. nso.

 

 

  

-

~
=.

2aeaere oe ear ea et Ss ee Se.

<< —™: