~ =<

STRANG TO TRY FOR GRAND PRIX.

Will Drive the Thomas tn Big French Road
Race.

Louis Strang, who won the Briarcliff trophy
stock car race on Friday with J, H. Tyson's
lgotia-Fraschini and who also won the 342
mile road race at Savannah last month with
the same car, 18 to have an opportunity to
win another great road race this year, for he
agreed yesterday to drive the Thamas entry
in the Grand Prix contest of the Automobile
Club of France on July 8, Strang and his
mechanic, J. B, Marquis, have secured a leave
of absence from Mr. Tyson and they signed
an agreement yesterday with Harry 8. Houpt
to handle the Thomas in the big international
contest on the Dieppe cireuit next July, in
which the Thomas ie the sole American entry.

Strang and Marquis will go tothe Thomas
factory at Buffalo on Monday, May 4, to begin
testing out the Grand Prix candidate which is
pow being assembled, Strang’s full name
js Lewis Putnam Strang and he was born at
Amsterdam, N. Y., twenty-three years ago.
fie was named after hie maternal grand-
ather, who was a grandson of Lerae axa i,

 

ie has been driving automobiles for alx an
half years and has been racing for the
three years. Marquis, his meo ale, was
porn at Chester, Pa., and is 26 years d.

it is a matter of great regret to Strang
that the Grand Prix is to be run on July 8
instead of four days earlier, for, he said yea-
terday, “If the race were run on the national
holiday the American combinatifa uldn't
lone,” Harry §. Houpt will go a with
Birang and Marquts on May 16, 80 they will
have plenty of time to practise over the
Dieppe circuit, weep Strang is familiar with,
as he was with Walter Christie in last year's
Grand Prix over the same course. ran
raid yesterday that Mr. Tyson w o ongns
to Miss Starr, daughter * ommodore Starr
of thie Riverside Yacht Club, and he hoped they
would be married so they could take a honey-
moon trip to France to watch him in the blg

race

The Grand Prit event is open to cars weigh-
ing at least 1,100 kilograms—-2,424.4 pounds
whose engines are limited tn cylinder bore,
the maximum bore allowed for four cylinder |
engines being 155 millimeters, or 6.1 inches for
each ©) linder

{UTOMOBILE NOTES.

fH. Franklin, manufacturer of the Franklin
gitomobiles, states that the sport of the future
@iil be furnished by alrshps propelled by gasolene
motors. He says: “The automopile will settle
down to a ubliitarian machine, a hecessity in busl-
ness, pleasure and transportation, Ten years
hence the young men of Wealth will be engaged In
spved contests tn the alr, and we may even by that
time watch a cafnival parade of sky cars over our
Beads” In this connection Mr. Franklin states
that the alr cooled motor Is to be considered frst
in aerial navigation because of its lightness. At
the present, time a real satisfactogy motor for
pevigation has not been fully developed. Many
inventors are Working fora light motor, and a satis
factory solution of the problem \a lable to be
reached al any time,

Alcohol motors for navigation are entirely out ofs
the question, Gasolene has so much more energy
fo a given quantity that no matter what the |
price of alcoho! might be the amount necessary |
to be carried would add too much to bulk and
weight. The development of the flying machine
isoneof the most interesting and fascinating prop-
ositions of the present time, The diMecuities to
be overcome are greater than In any other form of |
transportation—greater even than the difMiculties |
that have been overcome in developlug means of
communication, such as telegraphing, telephoning, |
@c. The flying machine will be not simply the |
triumph of the country, but the triumph of all the

|
|
i
'

|
|

 

 

 

achlevements of man

Louls Lichtle of Toledo, Ohlo, has adopted a

rather novel plan Of interesting thé women In the
Cadillac, for Which he is agent at that point, The
Cadiilac, he says, is so sim le in operation and so
absolutely “fool proof” that le immediately puts

j
the prospective lady customer at the whee!, shows |
ber the few simple things to do and Icts her drive
it right out of the ga: ec and for « two or three |
mile spin and back again to the garage. When the
customer finds It so simple Ww drive and so ¢a- |
bilarating, Mr. Lichtte says, the sale Is practically |
made, “Why,” says he, “whenever | get a woman |
into the car Who has been accustomed to an electric
and jet her drive the Cauliiac for a mile or two she |
never Wants to go back to the electric again. |
sold nearly slaty cars iast year in this small city
ahd i alicibute my success entirely to the im-
picyy and complete reliability vf the Cadillac
tar

It te mot ofteh nowadays that the owner of an
sutomebile is pressed to part with his purchase
by the house that solid him, But (his ls the happy
lot of Thomas owners, The average dealer has |
all he can do to market the new cars he contracts
for each season and fights shy of trade deals as much
a4 pose! ble, so it is ali the more Interesting to know
what has created the metamorphosis as indicated
above. The Harry S, Houpt Company for several
years past has 4 continually increasing the
éeficiency of its second hand department, and
the reputation which {t has bullt up (nere Is second
oly to its reputation in marketing the newer
product. The company has easily absorbed all
the cars these customers brought in In the usual
course of a season's business, H er, it has
created a new outlet for Thomases of all kinds.
Harry 8. Houpt, president of the company, has
completed arfangements with a number of expert
concerns who have contracted to get rid of all the
Thomas cars they can get hold of.

H. B. Odell of Buffalo has started in a 1,000 mile
Bon engine stop sealed bonnet run, under the
tuspices of the Automobile Ciub of Buffalo, The
Club officials have sealed the car thoroughly ahd
several Buffalo newspaper men have accompanied
Dim as observers, Me Odell is using a six cylinder
Mora, which he has aineady run several thousand
miles without even cleaning a spark plug or
touching the motor, so he has every confidence in
accomplishing bis purpose, This non-stop engine
sealed bonnet run recalis the fact that @ Mora car
le the holder of this type of record. It created
the latter in the memeorab ¢ rua with bonnet sealed
last June under the auspices of the Automobile
Club of America, Since then It has been run at
various times with the original seals intact, and
tw date its mileage totals close on 10,000,
its moat recent performance Is still fresh in the
een ta When the New York to Paris racers

ased through Rochester 8. H, Mora decided to
fend the old veteran with them to Chicago. It

1 ee eens that trip with honors, overcoming
| Oli the hardships which beset the globe girders.

The added impetus given to the retall end of the
Qutomobile Industry by the Briarcilff race and the
fecent carnival has taxed the resources of all the
Well established houses in the greater city. Al-
thoveb it was eapected months ago that business
Would open ”? in real earnest around April, not
one of the dealers was optimistic enough to predict
the rush to secure deliveries, “Verily,” says Gen,
John T. Cutting of the Oldsmoblie Company of
New York, “it recalis the days of 1996 when pre
miums often amounting to one-third of the total
Price were being offered in futlle attempts to fore-
Grell the man ahead,”

The latest addition to the mechanical equip-
Ment of the Wayne factory at Detroit Ione of the
Most modern and complete pattern rooms that it
{s possible to conceive. This addition is In the
forward part offthe new bullding, and its machinery
is electrically driven by @ special motor set up for
the operating of this one department. Five or six
Of (bese new machines,Including hand saws, planers,
bench saws and other wood working instruments
are already In piace and work is progressing now
om the shafting and power distribution, It \s ex-
| swe aise that ¢ considerable gmiouas Ke the

ne shop equipment of special machinery,

Which ts being built, will soon be on the Job, so that

Site avery few weeks this pient will be equipped
th Its new outlay of maehisery.

The BE. R. Thomas Motor Company disputes the
teeord claim of Jack tone, who asserts Me drove
im Buffalo to Rochéster in an American roadster
in? hours $ minutes, ‘The Thomas Company polots
it that A, Vernon Hart, the Thomas dealer in
ochéater, drove the distance between the, two
(les tm 1 hour 32 minutes 45 seconds.—Motor Age.

 

The rules covering motor boats as published in
TRE SUN of February 2 have beet issued in leaflet
form by John C. Hopkins & Co., motor boat out-
fitters, 119 Chambers street, They will be sent
@ application to that conoern.

Walter Hale will ave for an automobile trip
through Spain and France at the conclusion of the
Rn of the plece In which he ts playing In New York.

# will use a 85 horse-power Studebaker runabout

ind will have as his companions on the journey
stin Farnum and Fred Niblo, the monologiat.
hey will tour as far south as Andalusia, This will
be Mr. Hale's fifth motor tour through Europe.

The latest addition to the Haynes family is a
ited number of runabout carsin anew desien.

¢ new car ts called the “Hasty Hiker.” The
Wheel base is short and the body Is hung very
”. somewhat after the style of racing cars. The
single double seat is set low, ao that the steering
fotuma has to be given a considerable rake, The
ba fuards are of ah unu design and the
oe Appearance of the car sukgests speed, As
4 car ls only Intended to carry tWo persons the
eeeners thought pe to put no division between
¢ tWo seats, The Inference !s obvious,

’ Pven the average bwner of an automobile has
att little knowledge of the fe | problems of con-
"uetion Which the manu urer Bag Seeonereny
ered, says Frank D. Homan. “Take for ex-
ple the many details in the up to date car which
¢ largely for convenience, See how carefull
eeauipeorere of the Rambler have oe
ility to pil working parts. The side of
le crank case is evable, leaving an opening

Temoving the lower half of the crank, In the
on bier transmission gears differentia! and ail
er parts are just as accessible as the crank

§

hae nareatin tose Of & tice ie contained In pe
ne tors at thelr Rew vor Mad ttarvers

y+ ,
levitation eee tires are banded with

   
 

rubber rem

 

 

ie y
2,000 miles or
6

 
       
       
        

"
or the

 

 

Ee

 

ss lS

 

MECHANICAL CONSTRUCTION,
surpassed by the highest priced car made.

Drop frame congtructio
ball bearing eugine (F.

eare—Mora mudproot- pan See es bie nar ant tWo entirely independent systeme—
Brop for wll az\e—All %-inch wheels. Price $8,500,

Touring

BROADWAY AND 520 87.

 

 

ploneer automobile salesman, and how travelling
representative of the Locomotive

In a few days the Board of Commissioners for AT EYE-O

been selected after a winnowing process that in- complet
volved almost overy car sold In the city of Chicago. i 1 Wi
Thirty Ave din‘crent care were vested by the Park | Ee J) WILLE

pletely equi

tinen were of t
" i
Di

N. ¥. A. C. Gets Water Polo Championship.

The championship committe» of the Amp- ng tired pf the old programme of going t
teur Athiétic Union, of which Bartow 8.Week# | preven ond ie there and te to satoezard
ie chairman, yesterday announced that by a

change,
ber
mall Woke OC tee comet tet just closed the | as Bar, Harb oi ie pet at all the fet

t
aria

 

 

AUTOMOBILES. AUTOMOBILES.

"Keep Your Eye on Continentals !"'

' - ~

‘THE SUN, SUNDA

POOL PIN Prem RARAAAAAAAAAAARAAAAAAAAAARAAAAABARAAAA ALS

7 T i"

   

AUTOMOBILES.

 

In the Briarcliff Race

Continentals made a magnificent record at Briarcliff. Eight of the cars
having Continental equipment went through the entire race, 259 miles of
terrific strain, without the tires being touched. Of all the Continental’ Tires
on the racing cars, only two tires out of forly required any attention.

The Ready-Flated equipment worked perfectly. Not the slightest de-

fect developed.

The Briarcliff Race was ‘the most severe tire test ever held in this
country. It demonstrated once more that Continentals, which hold the world’s
record for long distance racing and which have the largest sale of any auto-
mobile tire, are the leaders also in reliability and durability.

‘Continental Caoutchouc Co.

J. M, Gilbert, Gen. Mgr.

A new type and the first of its kind on exhi-
bition in New York City.

The Hasty Hiker has unlimited speed and
plenty of solid comfort for two.

As to its construction and chassis design, the
fact that it bears the name Haynes is ample guar-
antee to oer purchaser.

ibi

On exhibition at 1715 Broadway.

 

The Most Desirable Car in the World.
its Superb Mechanism is Never Overtaxed.

An exhaustive investigation will disclose points of SUPERIORITY in
MATERIAL and WORKMANSHIP not

Distinctive mechanical features Include
lective type annular ball bearing transm|
ting type rear

Send for Catalogue.
Designed Right—Built Right—Price Right.

MORA MOTOR CAR CO,,

tr sin 8.000

 

 

otor Car, is

20” Locomobile roadster, this car having

before the Locomobile was sélected,

course. ey were located at Pines Bridge,

Armonk, East View and Briarcliff, ay anes oe res a
there was 4 full supply of the Teey we ures N. Y. ¥. C. Yachtsmen Would Like a Differ

of the Continental company. were for

emergency for the pumerous ,cars equipped ent Programme This Year. ;

with these Ures, there being thore Conunentals E

in the race than any other kind of tire. However, It eeems likely that the New York Yacht

hardly any of this material was required, In spite | Club will cruise around Cape Cod this summer

the terrific strain of the race, owlng to, the many
<- turns at high speed, eight of the ¢ having | @# fer as Bar Harbor. Some years ago the

Continental equipment went the entire distance | fleet made this run for prices offered by Com-
without any one of the tires being touched. Only | modore J. [Pierpont Morgan. Some of the

y Cont
wo ree oe) oe ae +A atart to finish. All the | Members of the club are agitatingthe plan.

seedy inflated” type, \mons them are Harry lL. Maxwell, C. Oliver

lemountable ma . roanoea “ais lee in. e. Goetohius and supers of other
ey cou! , achts. mmodore Vanderbilt has not ex-

ar in 6 moment's me. No pumping up pressed any opinion yet, but is waiting to find

would have been required as these spare tires are | gut what eet would take in such

already inflated, ortiise, nts tat

or the Kitig’s cup be saile Marblehead.

yachtemen who tak ré |
th ne et ‘Yacht Club cruise each Year are

nentais In the race

to demountable there had

en Bug ed t

 

enon to

y the Chic A. C, | some ¢ made and the

lee
of DONA! etter,

Pe att Nila alta

arblehead on July 4

grgrding the che

  
 

     

haat

  

= fator beck of front azile—Mora % platform spring suspension—An all
rite estoa f' €5.), oleke) steel

Tel, 3828 Col,

FIRST QUALITY 1908 TIRES.

father to an expression Which has aroused unusual Guaran
interest and Is cqueny men Iscusston, Mr, 26x83, Bae ei eet eres.
Hobiitt, speaking of a six cylihder motive car, @ b .
ys: "Wha posstesse | etergetie 4 anical ia. waranteed Tu 6s, 1908 Steok.
stinct.” © 6 A 36; 62: 78.
8 et for a car to be 60 perfectly balanced gene i oF ee + st seas’, 88.18 :
o Warrant saying that It hes Instinct, para FI ST Quality GUARANTEED Shoes, 629.
| FINELY puarenta 108 stock, Tires, all makes,
os South Park of Chicago wil! have In service @ | Aunteg wit es eek. ICES, Call or write site
oR ETE Automobile Supplies Catalogue

SCO, Fascte ton sway,

otenive ey
The Continental Caoutchouc Company had four
ped tire stations alogg the Briat-| MAY CRUISE AROUND CAPE.

4, 86.75. Mxd,, 67.86.

the race

and even if the fleet does not go as

raya | Rea Me et
. my A trees °

ee ck fot is yy a

‘1788-1790 Broadway, corner 58th St’

 

 

 

For automobilists, the newest thing
in town—the most interesting and im-

portant, today—is the improved
FISK REMOVABLE RIM.
It fits the Fisk Bolted-On Tire.

It is the sanest, safest, simplest,
lightest, speediest, cheapest device yet
offered long-syffering motorists for

solving tire troubles on the road.
Any man who has a car neglects

his own interests not to go and get a

demonstration at 1725 Broadway,
N. Y.

A set of these rims, put on the
wheels with two extra rims for spare
tires, costs from $60 to $75, according
to sizes.

The first cost is the total.
It is worth hundreds of dollars in

comfort, safety, convenience, time-

saving and tire wear.

Any novice can replace a damaged
tire with a new rim and tire in seventy
seconds, after being once shown how.

A éommon wrench—remove five
nuts.

That is all.
See it! It is
FISK QUALITY.

THE FISK RUBBER COMPANY,
Chicopee Falls, Mass.
1728 Broadway, N. Y.

REPUBLIC TIRES |

Trouble begins with

your tire; it ends with

the Republic.

Republic Rubber Company of New York

232 Went 58th Street
New York

[FSRRERSRRRSRRBORGT
| J, M. QUINBY & CO

“| OF NEWARK, & 4,

|

| Offer At Special Prices |—

Ett

|
—| 35+H.P. Panhard Demi-L mousing |
—| 35+H.P. Simplex Limousine =|

_| 38H. P. Simplex Touring Car 7
| 35H. P, Simplex 4 Pass Ruhabout|—

~| Immedifite Deliv
NTI ITLI tt

AUTOMOBILE

ROAD MAPS
a menial Gar
Secs ea ma

void by asdlers of BE

L. H. BIGELOW @ OO. 82
WA
YER, by

£3 me
* hs got eh Bae dt aD

  

, APRIL 26, 1908.

UTOMOBILES.

hs tabard

 

American Locomotive Motor

Four Cylinder, 40 H. P., $6,500

Factory, Providence, R. I.

 

 

  

WANTED—4-cylinder car about & to 50 h. p., in
, 1007 make; must be ver
ddress OWN REPAIRS, box 0,

bs wa a) evi ¥; )

eee eee

re RR TT ae a a a

AUTOMOBILES.

   
  

 

 

It is of foreign design, adapted for American conditions,
is of imported material but built here, with American

workmanship, and the backing of a $50,000,000

It means both luxury and economy, because

“IT STAYS NEW."

Six Cylinder, 60 H. P., $7,500. Touring cars fully equipped, including top.
Four Cylinder, 22 H. P. limousine, $6,000

Just get a six-cylindér demonstration
A FEW BARGAINS IN 1907 MODELS

American Locomotive Automobile Co:
1888 BROADWAY, N. Y.

A

New 1908 Runabout

This new model is now ready for demon-
stration: It is the latest and finest example of
the popular roadster type and seats two, three
or four passengers, as desired. 40-60 H. P.
with Locomobile low tension ignition, 4-speed
selective transmission, pressed alloy steel
frame and other Locomobile features. Price

For Touring Cars our 7-passenger “40-60” and our
5-passenger ‘20"’ leave nothing to be desired. They will
appeal most strongly to the purchaser who wants to buy the
car that will last the longest and: give the best satisfaction.

1908 Models $2,900 Up

The Socomobile Co. of America

Broadway and 76th St.

JOHN F. PLUMMER, Mgr.
TEL. 5100 RIVER

 

Get New Tires
On Your Car

and do it now. It will save
wear and tear on your time,
pocketbook, temper and vocab.
ulary, by starting this season's
motoring with a complete set of
Ne

Hartford Tires

Have the old tires and tubes repaired and use them as “extras.”

A glance at the cut in this ad. will give you an ided of
the complete simplicity of the Hartford Dunlop Tire on
Midgley Universal Rim. The Dunlop style is more resilient
than. the Clincher; easier riding, easier on the car, longer
lived. (hen, too, it is removed or replaced in a jiffy.

We make Clinchers or Dunlops; Plain or with Midgley
Treads. : At all Up-To-Date Dealers.

The Hartford Rubber Works Co., Hartford, Conn.

67th Street and Breadway, New York, N. Y.

s 6
Wee

ee

     

een

   

      

    

 

|
|
|
TRUFFAULT-HARTFORD
|
|
|

 

FIV® passenger car wanted; S50 Of SO) for re
ry Hable make of car; must Be In feed condition so
1602 | that it cam be put in first class sh by. alos eve |
hauling, Address QUICK SALe, se curenke. Pe | (ity 420th atieet, Now Werke

° ws : * T Raber . "

at das eta eae
TP tell a ell

      

DIRECTORY

ACME J, B. BREWSTER & ©O,
7th Ave, & 4th St, Tel. 191 Bryant.

rh “Berilet”) 1884
AM. LOCO, MOTOR CAR {!osh?? PSI "sS00' Goi.
AUTOCAR Avtoote Felone with River. —

BABCOCK er ce issi Puome save Brant

BAKE ) ELECTRICS. Baker Motor Vehlele
of N. Y., 1700 Bway, Tel, 2880 Col,
Coo a eee ca enemetenmnepeanem

CADILLAC ce CNN
\GLEMENT-BAYARD & APPERSON

SIVAEY H. BOWMAN AUTO CO.

 

 

 

 

 

It is a bit exclusive, like an autograph edition de luxe, | 9202 wes wih Se. New York
for exclusive persons; but those who pay a little 08 « |
higher to get it rejoice long afterward in their far-; DEMAREST A. T. BOO Ni Are
sightedness.

It is a car that is BUILT. Every machine from the
factory is practically a ‘‘Special,” but with parts inter-
changeable.

Cusine 1888 BROADWAY (62d St.)
Rhone 6908 Columbus. zi

a ames
ELMORE Aa eet Pe Cone ‘haan Con,
FIAT. THE HOL-TAN CO,,

244-280 W, 40th st Phone 2406 Bryant. —
FRAYER-MILLER CO. Motge Math Boclbres.
GARFORD yr Meer tat invent
HAYNES HALES, VROMORE Ci
HOL-TAN 2M ow Math St. Po pe ibs Brant,

ITALA aw ‘Sun a. hon Sth Av

 

JACKSON & BLIDE §:.), 00°89 i

~ THE LOZIER MOTOR ©O.,

 

| LOZIER Broadway and Sith St, Tel, 8892 Col.

—~
MORA MOTOR CAR CO,,
Broadway & 62d Street. Tel. $820 Cot,

MATIONAL 55 KOMAY & SHHUIZ GPa
MATHESON & POPE-RARTFORD,
WAVERLEY ELECTRICS.

A. G, SOUTHWORTH O0,, INC,
1783-37 Brosdway Phone 4040 Columbus,
——————a

QUINBY J. M.QCO, “Reta
RAINIER AE a Seo
RAMBLER p/w eda oe Phone ait ot

RENAULT SENAULT FRERES. B'vay 6 orn St

P. Lacroix, Gen, Mgr. T
REO & PREMIERS: "ONE «00.174 Baye
ROYAL TOURIST 3.2% fos Riedt™
Stoddard-Dayton ® e413 nd sm street

| THOMAS HARRY 3, HOUPT CO., B'way & @8 St,

 

 

 

 

Tel. 6450 Col, Newark: 213 Clinton Av,
| WHITE WHITE oy Bresdwey 008 @d St

 

one 6052 Col,

| Tires, Accessories, Etc.
Owners’ Guide.

 

 

TIRES.
‘' Keep your eye on Continentals."
READY-FLATED TIRES
Pasiest to *P ly, operate and repalr,

CONTINENTAL CAOUTCHOUC CO,
J. M. Gilbert. Gen'l Mgr. 43 Warren St., N, Y. G

Fimpire ires

WEAR LONGEST

 

73D ST. & BROADWAY.
Tel, 2647 Col.

PREVENTS
Blewouts

Rim Cutting

 

em ITALIAN
IRELLL TIRES

are made for hard service, Sold by the leading
supply houses,

PIRELLI & CO,, 296 Bway, New York.

ACCESSORIES, ETC,

PEUCEOT

FRENCH CHAINS

ere the strongest in tue world. Ametican and
metric sizes, Same price as American chains.
Trade supplied from American Branch, 296
Bway, New York.

a TT

$14.00 TRUNK
AC

RACK FREE
With our Auto Truaks,

No, | Trunk, $85.00; No. 3
Trunk, $26.00, Double
holding trunk r free
\ and express pald @ any
| clty in the U. 8.

Send for calles.
FULLER TRUNK ©O.,

Hartford, Conn.

 
 
        
  
  
  

 
  

SHOCK ABSORBER

Mark.
The device that made Safe, Speedy and Com-
fortable Automobiling Possible. ;
212 West asth St. 67 Vestry St., New York,

 

 
 
  
 

Cn

ALP

  

TAR

a

  

’
{

 

50 H. P. $2,600.

    
  

TOURING CAR

. |
ROADSTER or SEMI-RACER

65 Miles ad Hour Guaranteed —

A regular stock car made the fastest mile
at Savannah--5i seconds flat. .A marvel of
Speed and Power, Shaft drive. Full equlp
ment. See it. Double ignition Kosch Mag-
Netos $20) extra.

DEMONSTRATIONS ANY TIMP.
Pennsylvania Selling Agency,
1855 Hroadway--at Gilet St.
(Pel, 5865 Columbus)

THE RAINTTN MOTO CAR COMPANY have

 

for snie a hamber of used Ratuier cars, both ia
1007 and 16 odeis, including Touring ( ars,
Hepabouts andi Limoustnes. Jhese nave bees
taken in trade for 1005 llainiers. ore an (uerouguiy
overhauled mechanically, refnished ike new, aal
Ore quétantecd ivec of vepales for yesiods ranging
from aid to nine | They, afe striotiy. tien
grade cars, offered by the manufacturer Whose
piterest does NOt cease With Lhe sae, anu tuefetore
gre ao inveh beer investment whan wany new
cary Of inferior auality, Itjess from M.mW to

$7.0, Démonstration eheerMtiy given. Gun ve
been at Abt. Gonteoay'’s DABAraviagn Uroal wes

ee

9

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
 
  

oe ee eee

A
A
;

   

a
|
:
H