LY

GRC 2 Ae rl IN act a ant Sl A AS ae ps ed

GOSSIP OF WALL STREET.
——— ee
Last week's adv in the mar
the Btréet full of who were
a reaction in order to buy, According to
precedent @ decline should have set in to run
through the Month of May, and this wae to
be availed of for the purchase of stooks “for
a long pull.” It al) seemed very simple, for
the chart showed it very plainly, But the
best rules have their exceptions and “the
beat laid plans of mice and men” are just as
liable to go wrong now as in the days of Bobby
Burns. And they went wrong—very wrong.
The crops continued to make splendid progress
when they should have been killed by the
army of “experts” in the fleld, the politicians
kept quiet and the public began to tumble
over one another to buy new issues of bonds
as soon as the right sort were offered to them
at the right kind of price.

All that is required is aggressive leadership
to make passive bullishness potential. The
Wall Street speculator who is waiting for a
reaction on which to buy stocks is far more
likely to buy if the market advances ihetead
of declining. This has been shown time and
again, and the fact indicates that the average
trader either does not know values or that
his faith in the doctrine that “values deter-
mine prices in the long run” ie not as strong
as it should be. He i@# better fitted to be a
follower than‘a leader. He makes up his
mind—or deludes himself into thinking that
he has done so—to wait for a reaction of
three or four points and then buy all the
stocks he can carry. But when an advance
comes where he had egpected a decline he
does more than that—he buys a larger quan-
tity than he oan swing if the expected recea-
sion comes along somewhat behind its sched-
ule time. Bull enthusiasm is contagious and
few speculators are irhmune, On the other
hand a decline is apt to increase a feeling of
depression, and the man who is waiting for
one in order to buy stocks feels too depressed
to follow out his intention when his oppor-
tunity comes, If instead an aggressive rise
oceurs he begins to reflect what @ fool he was
to take chances on getting his stocks three or
four pointe lower when he “knew” that in a
few months he could sell them out thirty or
forty points higher—and then jumps in and
loads up at the top of the rally.

Many traders bought stocks yesterday who
could not be induced to buy on Wednesday
before the rise started.

Some of the old timers think it may take
the market quite a little time to assimilate the
$240,000,000 or so of new securities recently
issued or in prospect, but it remains to be
seen whether their views on the subject reflect
common prudence or old fogyism,

St. Paul, which was the strongest feature
of the market, derived a good part of its
strength from another stook that bears only
a slight resemblance to it. The bull move-
ment in it was predicated on the advance in
Standard Oil, the argument being that the
advance in the latter had disclosed the market
attitude of one of the most important groups
of capitalists in this country—the group
which controls 8t. Paul and has often con-
ducted important. operations in it. The
operations in the stock, it was said, were in-
tended as an object lesson of the prospects
tor a continuance of the present dividend
rate—a matter that judging from earnings
appears to be open to question.
if the dividend were entirely eeoure the stock
might now be selling considerably higher, its
price level being only slightly above that of
Pennsylvania, which it is generally conceded
will reduce its rate of disbursement on May 1
from 7 per cent, to 6 per cent. a year.

Reading was a laggard, but nobody seemed
to know why. There was said to be good
selling, but rumors on this point were vague
and appeared to be based more on the com-
parative lack of response to bullis®operations
than on any real knowledge as tothe sovrce
trom which the supply of the stock came, Iino
4a few places it was suspected that the stock
was really held in leash, to be slipped just at
the moment which those interests with whom
it is a favorite thought most propitious for a
good run. Held in reserve for the present
it might be used to revive flagging interest
later on, and the traders who without oon-
sideration of this possibility sold it short may
find themselves the game to be hunted for the
satisfaction of the inside interests,

There were bull tips on Pennsylvania and
the stock sold up/to 120 for the first time sinve
the panic in October last. The talk on the
stock chiefly concerned the success of the
bond offering, and it was said that when the
subscription books opened to-morrow it
would be found that the whole issue had been
subscribed six or seven times over, It was
turther asserted that the technical position
of the stock was unusually strong, and that
some of the larg@t subscribers for the bonds
would ‘avail themselves of this condition to
stimulate enthusiasm so that they might
make a great success of distributing their
holdings of the new securities. Nowhere
was any attempt made to create the impres-
sion that the dividend rate would not be re-
duced at the next meeting of directors.

About half of the holders of Pennsylvania
are women, and no class of investors could
more tenaciously hold on to their investment,

It looks,” said a shrewd observer, “as
Union Pacitic is on tap, and yet it is absorbed
as fast as it comes out. You could sell any
atnount of it, I have seen real stock offered
in quantity, but if only caused a fractional
recession and again the insiders rallied to
support. J think—though I may be mis-
taken—that the insiders have sold a lot of the
stock on the advance, and if so it will have
to be conceded that they have shown remark-
able skill in their operations.”

Ibe Street thought that the most {interesting
part of the statement of imports and exports
for the month of March, which showed a much
ueavier falling off in the former than in the
latter item, was the showing of exporte of
acticles manufactured and ready for con-
e“niption, the aggregate value of which was
$42,054,831, or $8,593 more than the total for
March last year.

OAILY TREASURY STATEMENT.
' tatement of the

 

 

Wasmrworom, April 26,—The

 

receipts and ex itures of the jury shows:
b This month, al .
Recelpts...... 91,638 $96,043,647 es nt as
Rspenaiiures. i at 4,660,000 044,027
Defiolt....... $321,063 $11,516,358 $47,201 508
The receipts from customs to-day were $607,180;
from internal revenue, $814,210, miscellaneous
$112,688. National bank notes received for re-

demption, $1,727,406.
The cash statement of the United States Treas-
urer for April 25 shows:
RESERVE FUND.

Gold coin and Dulllom....... 666... es . $150,000,000
TRUST FUND,
To redeem outstanding certificates. ....$1,815,007,800
GENERAL FUND,

 

 

 

Gold cotn and bullion....., $16,002,104
Gold certificates..... 4 24,162,740
Stiver dollaye.......++ 10,612,762
Silver certificates. 16 566,
Siver bulllom.......0e++ 6,001,001
Ualted States notes..... 13,406,
National bank notes 45,616,153
Subsidiary sliver and minor coin
TOU rccrsecrgrccdrccccvdcoveveoves « $168,141,015
lb national Danks........ 6.656: cece eee ee 206 680,279
Awaiting reimbursement... .....6. +6056 45,000
WL ccsccrriiiasiiecseetets : ay $300,817,264
LARD MER. d.ccerececerareecovereevenes 116,566,208
Cash DAIABOG,..... cece reer reeneceee ee $251 ,250,001
SUB-TREASURY STATEMENT.
- FRIDAY.
4 by Sub-Treasu’ banks......... $4,761,000
bald BF CS SRE Besser... rey
"Gels transections,. $461,000

to banks ‘
Gain b> hanes suuse parted province week 1,078 000

 

Recel 1
were nes to exporters slaughter-
ems. There were no sale on v3 weight.
The feeling was all sorts and grades.
Dressed beef had ulry at steady prices,
Ki mere. per lb. to choice native
Sate fone Britals reporied a. moderate

ets of Great Bri Tepo & Moderate

demand at from port
to-day were 650 and q of .
went alten te the pens. were no
live calves on sale. steady for all grades.
City Greased veals 6 fair sale at 8@lic. ant

th extra carcasses lige, country
were steady at 7

R of and lambs were

tn inaig as
cluding care
Market. No

head,
peer tie Yas

However,.

/

 

 

pis aN

y , See Sve ee) ee

7

tom | Mexican Central Railway ‘Company, Limited, nay oe

National Railroad Company of Mexico.

To the Holders of the following Securities:

MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY COMPANY, LIMITED: } ’
Priority Five Per Cent. Bonds, ;
First Mortgage Seven Per Cent. Bonds and Scrip, Assented,
Consolidated Mortgage Four Per Cent, Bonds,
First Consolidated Income Bonds and Scrip,
Second Consolidated Income Bonds,
Registered Income Bonds and Scrip,
Stock. ‘
NATIONAL RAILROAD COMPANY OF MEXICO ;
Preferred Stock, ‘
Second Preferred Stack,
Common Stock (old),
Deferred Stock. .
, Referring to our previous notice, dated April 6th, the undersigned have consented to act as justment Managers
of a Plan of and Union of Mexican Central Railway Gompany, ted, and National Company of
Mexico, through constitution of a new company, under the name o Nacionales de Mexico (National Rail-
ways of Mexico), to be controlled by the Mexican Government by stock ownership.
The New Company is to authorize the following bonds and shares:
a. Prior Lien Four and One-Half Per Cent. Fund Redeemable Gold Bonds, for 000 United States Gold.
‘s >, cee ee ope re oe eee ‘und Redeemable Gold Bonds, for $160, United States Gold, uacon-
ona:

he blic of ,
uti C Sar caeiaerre Wee eee Ms aR

 

Mexico, by endorsemen'
rst Preferred Shares for 60,000,000 Mexican Gold Pesos or $30,000,000 United States

To assure to the holders of Firat Preferred Shares the payment of semi-annual dividends of 1% for the lod of three years
from January 1, 1008, to the extent to which the net profits of the New Company which shall first be applied for that purpose shall not
be sufficient to make such payment, provision is to be ¢ for the setting aside by the New Company, as a separate fund, of $1,800,-
pro P F jaen Bonde, and $1,200,000 Guaranteed General Mortgage Bonds, or in case of a sale thereof, then a sufficient amount of the

Geld d. Noa-Cumulative Five Per Cent. Second Preferred Shares for 250,000,000 Mexican Gold Pesos or $125,000,000 United States

«. Common Shares for 150,000,000 Mexican Gold Pesos or $75,000,000 United States Gold.
TABLE SHOWING BASIS OF EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES.

eee | Beh 9000 par alent od Sein is to receive

   

 

 

 

Deposited Bonds and Stocks

First
referred
Shares
Second
Shares

 

 

 

 

 

 

i é
“z | d ft |
———|——| asain =
CENTRAL RAILWAY COMPANY, LIMITED: |$ '$ $ $ $ i$
priority 5% Bonds 700 475 |
First prtenee 77% Bonds and Scrip (Assen ted) 1,000
Consolidated Mortgage 4% 600 325 15
First Consolidated Income Bonds and Scrip . 1,400
Registered Income Bonds and Scrip 1,100
Second Consolidated Income Bonds 1,000
Stock 1,000
NATIONAL RAILROAD COMPANY OF MEXICO:
Preferred Stock 100 1,000
Second Preferred Stock 1,400
* Common Stock (old) ' | 733% 3334
___‘Deerred Stock a aeceeentaeeaaael eaten ieee eee eeiemtlae
For further particulars with respect to the right of the holders of the respective classes of bonds of the New Company, and
certain rights reserved to the New Company to issue additional bonds of each class ranking port peesu with the other bonds of the same

class as well as for additions) details touching the exchange of securities, reference is made to the Plan and Agreement of Keadjust-

ment and Union, copies of which may be cbtained at the office of any of the Depositaries.

For a full statement of the rights of the holders of the respective classes of shares of the New Company, reference is made to
the Decree of the Federal Government of the Republic of Mexico, dated July 6, 1907, 4 copy of which has been filed with each of the
Depositaries and can be inspected at the office of anv of the Depositaries,

Holders of securities and stook of MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY COMPANY, LIMITED, called for deposit, who desire
to become parties to the Plan, must on or before May 1, 1008, deposit their securities and etooks, under the Plan with CENTRAL
RUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, No. 54 Wall Street, New York, or with ite agents for that purpose in Boston,

KIDDER, PEABODY & CO., 115 Devonshire Street, Boston.

Holders of stocks of NATIONAL RAILROAD COMPANY OF MEXICO who desire to become ies to the Plan, must,
on or before said May 1, 1908, deposit their stocks under the Plan, with THE MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY, No. 120
Broadway, New York. \

Deposits of stocks arid securities of both of said companies also may be made:

In London, with J. HENRY SCHRODER & CO. SPEYER BROTHERS,

GLYN, MILLS, CURRIE & CO. SWISS BANKVEREIN,

In Amsterdam, with HOPE & CO., TEIXEIRA DE MATTOS BROTHERS.

In Mexico, with BANCO NACIONAL DE MEXICO.

No securities will be accepted for deposit unless in negotiable condition, First Consolidated Income Bonds of the
Central Company must carry all coupons maturing after July 10, 1802; Second Consolidated Income Bonds must carry all
coupons; other bonds must carry all coupons maturing after January 1, 1008; and all certificates of stock must be accom-
panied by proper transfers and assignments executed in blank and duly stamped. For securities deposited proper cer-
tificates of deposit will be delivered, and on such deposit the depositor will become bound by all the provisions of the Plan
and Agreement of Readjustment and Union, to the exact temns of which reference is made, and upon the terms of which
solely will cepostis be accepted.

The Plan has been approved by the Government of Mexico, and, subject to the sanction of its debenture holders
by the Board of Directors of the Mexican Central Railway Securities eerey Ltd., which holds over $37,500,000 Con-
solidated Mortgage 4% Bonds of the Mexican Central Railway Company, ted, and by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding ‘tock of the Mexican Central Railway Cornpany, Limited, and of the National Railroad Company of Mexico,
and by the respective boards of directors of the two Companies last named.

Dated April 15th, 1908.
Kunn, Loes & Co., Spever & Co.,’
( LADENBURG, THALMANN & Co,, HaALLGaRTEN & Co.,
Spever BROTHERS, Bank FUR Hanpet unp INpustriz,
BERLINER HANDELSGESELLSCHAFT,
Readjustment Managers.
M. V. R. WEYANT, Secretary,
oom 2% Broad Street, New York City.

 

 

$1,000,000

]
| WESTCHESTER COUNTY (N.Y,)

THE JOPLIN STOCK
EXCHANGE -
OPENS APRIL 26 |

R MANY YEARS the great Zino and Lead district of Southwest

Missouri has been injured by the stock-selling operations of ir-

responsible schemers and promoters, and the investing public
has had no reliable means of discriminating between good and bad prop-
erties in this field. Our mines produce over $15,000,000 annually, and to
protect this splendid industry from further wildcat exploitation the

Joplin Stock Exchange

has been organized by the le mine operators, bankers, manufactur-
ers and broters of the diatrict, with a few memberships in Chicago, New
York, Boston and other eastern cities, Membership is limited to two
hundred, and but one membership can be held by one person. Listing
witout me are rigid, and the  publia m be assured no p

Ww .

BONDS FOR SALE.

Sealed bids wil! be recetved b
Sewer Commission at their
Street, in the Vilage of White
8 o'clock P, M, on the

Sthday of May, 1908

for the purchase of One Million ($1,000,000) Dollars
Westchester County Bonds, known 4s The Sanitary
Sewer District Bonds of the County of Westchester,
which 8 are issued pursuant to the provisions
of Chapter 646 of the Laws of at ed by
Chapter 747 of the Laws of 1007, said Bon
mature and are payable at the office of the County
qroeerer, Oe ‘i ane. N. vi as eet ae oe
Ousan: ollars apuary ist, an
Twenty Th (620,000 YDollars on the first day
os entry ag coe succeeding year to and including

are)
Said bonds are tn form coupon bonds, but with

privilege of registration, are exempt from all taxa-
tion, and Cass tetera: the rate of

‘FOUR AND ONE-HALF PER
GENT. (43) PER ANNUM,

the Bronx Vallev
No, 2 Grand
N. Y., unl

 

 

 

roperty
ithout merit oan or will be lis is not conduoted for

ye Exchange
profit, and is maintained by a yearly income from ite membership, thereby
making it ’

independent of revenue from listing fees.

 
 
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS ‘ tin ts ton den a January, 1008, payable sem. (b) The balance to pay obligations heretofore incurred by the Company for the acquisition of Property, the construction, com.
JORN A. ORAGIN, President eee Notional Bank: BURT W. LYON, President gach, You on Oe! ine Sars ot weer aS pletion, extension or improvement of its facilities, or the improvement or maintenance of its service and including, if the Compan:
29 tor er: CAPT. MARION CmEY oe ; ORN Sond ror oe : One _ | shall deem it expedient, the sum of $3,770,000 or thereabouts, payable to Rapid Transit Subway Construction Company én'‘the com.
W. A aS nat ond Retin Operator eemeene ‘Salibage (81,000) Dollars 2 will coer, pletion of the Brooklyn extension of the Rapid Transit railway to its terminus at Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues, Brooklyn, being
Clty; BD "SAPP, Attorney Gain Ran SENATOR J. ¥ «reread in coated suvelopes ond cadorepd “ide for ¢ excess cost of said railway over and above the amount payable with respect to the construction thereof by the
Lise Operator; T, W.OUNNINGHAM, President Cunningham National Beak the Purchase sormopes ene ener ot | on account of th y 2) Cit
me unty of hacia eae of New York. a. %
ont a ee Strom it Prana a or batons 8 The following is a condensed statement of the Company's financial operations for the year ending December 31, 19072 >»
’ ’ T. W. o'clock P. M, on the Sth day of May, 1908, OO FRPP Pre reer irre er te eee Ee od Ceeeer er secede deee ne tate etait
CN Aten hd Vv! Pree. J; F. GALLAGHER, Sea Mgr Fhe Comraiagion reserves the Tight y Earnings from operatio ‘ $23,513,172
JOPLIN, MISSOURI. woe heen enn beak of Tren temmeny vive Exptnses of operation, 43.87 percent. ....cssseeseccseeereers eee erecseecee resets ese deeee eens es 96,316,528
k-(ER) of the ammount of the par value of the sal
Bae Mo tag br fA Net earnings .....- Pee e NER Re REE E OER R REET EEE RE ELSE EEE E REESE BSE EE ESE E HELENE SEES E ECR EEE EES 919,196,644
; FOR BONDS INVITED. INVITED : Pian. N.Y, tm Bac wihts ready Other income .... ccc ec ee eeerereenenees OOOO REET OEE THER Freee ese ees PEO eer eT EE ED ER OBER EEE RG «» , 1,068,625
* ’ ———
ines eens Bt Hoe he PROPOSALS. Dated AprO 21,1008, Gross INCOME. sie cesses tee tenets e Teter eerste reese terete teen eees eet ane l gl6§ 960
reostved b s M. Douglass, SEALED BIDS OR POSALS will be John E. Andrus, Deductions from income: :
the Clty of Memphis, ‘Tennessee, at the Clty Hall, | caved by the of Wate the office _
‘clock . John J. Brown, ; fmtoract, rentals ANG CARES... cpr ccvercccredeereceereterbeemecedeeveerteseees
ip. Mem a Teanesece, iorsiaa asi nso fia ak Board, No. ig ee ae Room Valley Sewer Com Fixed charges, interest, rentals and taxes...... gvedve preataorevsnsenen evoveedvansrverereoetet dell 10,510,546
» ee ee malesion ———
; eee oe sar cbe Senuary fe "ote pearing PR NN EL if Hie a y LEGAL NOTICES. Net income. . x reer ee peices ate Te See see PEE EEE EEE REE Ee ‘ 93,754,723
taal Rts an side partue e Ree tl outa eee ance, £04 me the | SUPREME COURT, OOUNTY OF NEW YORK. DIVIGOREs, @ HOF COME.» -+s sees eres sk ih rie ida ln abla bord i ane ped hae gore ene
ote ie. os New 5G ty, at the option | oF the contract, if aw no made ‘a oc dh the Matter of the Surplus ursasas PTT PTT TCITTETT ETAT Ryko hah | dae $604,723
more Will be istued and delivered to | {hereafter ppaine cranes | ay ; S wo | CCiséCS PHBA ee ee ees i S047
vita ge premiums ma purehaser to te: Hoag, ete. and pampalons sf drewjnee i wll the eame tor the aise Teguence, It ig estimated that with the opening for operation of the extension of the Subway in Brooklyn to the Long Island Railroad
regete the toual sum of OL be eatertainen, | D7 depositing the sum of ten dollars (910. ter at te. loged calm ot the York “"“"™** | company station at Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues, about May 1, 1908, the earnings of the system will be largely increased, and that
07 Teprves Oe 8 at to reject any esto set, 10 lagure wete retura in boowptal goadition against such vessel. the Company will for the year 1908 earn a substantial surplus over and above operating expenses, fixed charges, and the regular nine
Sie fhe | iy Raters he nw yon | A aE PAM A |e cn, didend pon he sk by eorcgry noes
Fé maid Tor he ear « OnN: A een : was ined oa the ch Kort tone," oy = , ONT, Ghairman
oy soe Mempble Ba cheek shall be SE LES A. SHAW, Hon, EM A. hi nit one vi ihe segiess
soe ites | whlch wll be ead +! Commisdoners of the Board of Water Supply. | 71,"the mfsure and safe keeping of the vessel, the eo am '
veer etary Oe ek Ga atte, HeeHS | TOMAS ASSET, Serer. es Mor en aig fees, mcace | KNICKERBOCKER TRUST CO. FE ate Mee
peda aac sai fg | ——= — | Rivnd Pretest be perce go mre 4% PENNA. BONDS = )| prise ren aseeaueAn?
hes Lpproved by Dillon & Hubbard of New| SPALED PROPOSALS, in duplicate, will be re- | vessel by law: Gat" the smount of such claim ea SURPL IFICATES ’ ; Cleveland, O,, A a 6c. i008
Veit nvrriomatonepty wine acerma. | Cite Scag a Sommugmar em; | Seid rush vara et tee as oo Fear het SOE ty Micaela ae etna
Pale april teh, | FN Say 7, M008. for supplying blankets, bedding, | ah order to show cause was granted By the urant | WATSON, HOLLINS & CO. ths closuibe of Diredtore and for Gee teeetonticn et
Wa NES MALONE Marae | Seth rete pial Bag SE | Raga oe ots Ware of fe ane Nem aSiephens a Bi GARLISLE:& GO, || fase eiks age
Tile uno votes cy Mai | Sates ASA WE a | Geen, me riree etna | : fpttias Geviete aptat tasta feces
pi S at ti aes Immigration. preset at Pie im he WANTED-—A wookhaler under BANKERS & BROKERS figran moe will a ae r one bou
from 88 to B40 per 100 I foot medlum clipped wad U.S. ENGINEER OFFICE, P41, Army,| om the 27h day of April, 1 a ot on te pe! of opperttaiky 6 4 14. BROADWAY, . nEW YORK TMIOWT W. PARDEE: Secretary
at 96 mation wee steady at 104@l8c. | Building, New York, N. Y., ree ta 1908 —Sealed = ere ‘ m In 92 old os “4. . WEW YORK Oty MARBLE CEMETERY
A a well Gitar” - Rock and Middle Reet at Hell Ome, Bese fiver, AAUP on. XBW YORK. | | Ke le: Peelers he td pret | es | oT HE NAN MT RING BF I NAUE
were one olfred for sale on tive weight. e Apri iar 1008 and then, wbilely opened Informe’ ren 8 CANTER, t eo oaly. urgent : a remeney  regir: Advertioomes: ts for Tas Son a Fea Bvasine CEMETERY wt So he ia <n nb 43 Broadway,
me aes lh Sis, 8 coemection, INH @. Th ENIawY. OF. WeTtoud Sineek Manhattan, Now York Ot. | SUMpie: SR RL ASHE te sun fee, omeeininedty uaa MOAN MAN beet BULL -Becretary
'
. - "oe .
k ‘ . y ww ek ae oa a
au n le ev wma ter “hee - ee ae - se Lew tie " , a «7 a8 .
* i i ahh re a ial Bs - pie Uw bile ' ee ide Meat on ald a weer ae : : Bat el ied Ds mi oe sca weer ” , y aha ae
- te ee A OTE TONE RON NT TIRE NETeTN ie ah dt a ee Be i ei ieee ee ore te ee MY Ri toa dae ei .

Pe ee ee Ce reign ian eT ee ee ees may re Le went) end Tt
dk :
‘ bums 1

, P , ‘ ge Oey i ; : ;
esis $25,000,000 .
eee Rot relie martes hanna Rasenre es

INTERBOROUGH RAPIO TRANSIT GOMPANY
THREE YEAR CONVERTIBLE SIX PER CENT. GOLD NOTES

Notes are dated May Ist, 1908; inftrest payable November ist and May I st.

 

 

Attention is called to the acedmpanying letter of August Belmont, Esq., Chairman o!

suant to the authorization granted by ‘the Public Service Commission for the First Disirict.
the Company proposes to issue a series of $25,000,000 of Its Three-Year Convertible Six Per
Cent. Gold Notes, to be dated May 1, 1908, to be payable May 1, 1911, to bear interest it th:
rate of 6 per cent. per annum, payable semi-annually, to be convertible on any interest date,
at the option of the holder, during a period of two and one-half years from date, Into, mo:t-
gage bonds of the Company, at par, less one per cent. The sald notes are to be secured b;
pledge under Trust Agreement with Morton Trust Company, Trustee, of $30,000,000 fac)

ee

issued under and pursuant to the mortgage duly authorized by the Public Service Commis:ic
for the First District, executed by the Company to Morton Trust Company, Trustes.”..
Aegean pene

Referring to the above, we will receive subscriptions for the above-mentioned Note ©
at the price of 100 per cent., payable in instalments at our
office, 23 Wall Street. New York, as follows:

On application, . .. .  . $50 per $1,000 Note.
“ May 1, 1908, ‘ ‘ ; 950 “ 1,000 “

a

Holders of Interborough Rapid Transit Company Notes due [ay 1, 1908, may | a

deposit their Notes, ex Coupon due May 1, 1908; with the application, and
will receive preference in allotment to the extent of Notes so —
deposited, such Notes being accepted in full payment for
a like amount of the new Notes.

A aatieisideeateemeninaielimtats ;
at 10 a. m. on April 29th and will be closed at or belo:
3 p. m. the same day,’

‘

We reserve to ourselves the absolute right in owr discretion to close ‘the subscription list at any ttme with-
out notice and to reject any or all subscriptions and also to allot smaller amounts than applied for.

‘All subscriptions should be made on forms which may be obtained at our office, and must be accompanic '
by a deposit of $50 per $1,000 Note, or the maturing Notes of the Interborough Company, as mentioned above.

If no allotment is made, the deposit will be returned in full, and if only a portion of the amount applied fo:
be allotted, the balance of the deposit will be appropriated towards the amount due on May 1, $908... If any
further balance remains, such balance will be returned. Failure to pay the, balance of the subscription when 4°
will render the previous payment liable to forfeiture. ‘ai

Temporary receipts will be issued pending delivery of the definitive Notes

The subscription list will be opened

 

Subscriptions will also be received and Notes maturing May ist may be deposited at the offices of Messrs. Lee, Hizgitison & ">
. 44 State Street, Boston.

| April 25, 1908.
OFFICE OF INTERBOROUGH RAPID TRANS|T COMPANY
New York, Aprit 24, 1908.

Messrs. J. P. MORGAN & CO., New York. rs
Gentlemen:

Interborough Rapid Transit Company is a railroad corporation daly incorporated pursuant to the Railroad Law of this Si.tr
and with the written approval of the Board of Rapid Transit Railroad Commissioners under the Rapid Transit Act of 1891, as amen !e |
It is the lessee of the lines of rapid transit railroad in the City of New York owned by said city, and ‘constructed pursuant to th:
following contracts made between the City of New York and

(a) John B. McDonald, dated February 21, 1900, and agreements amendatory thereof; and ’

* (b) Rapid Transit Subway Construction Company, dated July a1, 1902, and agreements amendatory thereof,

The first of these leases is for the period of fifty years, with the right to one renewal of twenty-five years, and the secon! :

for the period of thirty-five years, with the right to one renewal of twenty-five years. The said lines of ‘rapid transit raiffoad 1+

those popularly known as the ‘‘Subway.’’
The leases from the City of New York of the rapid transit reilroads above referred to. expressly secure to the Lessee the rix\i!

to charge five cents for every single fare, ; a
The Company is also the lessee of lines of railroad of the Manhattan Railway Company, constituting the elevated railway ») -
tem in the Boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx, City of New York, under lease for a period of 999 years from the date of tl’
incorporation of Manhattan Railway Company, viz., November 1, 1875. ° UWL OA
The capital of the Company consists of $35,000,000, all common stock, Pursuant to the authorization granted by the Pu!
lic Service Commission for the First District, the Company proposes ¢o issue a series of $25,000,000 of its Three-Year Converti»!

Six Per Cent. Gold Notes, Jo be dated May 1, 1908, to be payable May 1, 191}, to bear interest at the rate of six per cent. per ‘

annum, payable semi-annually, and to"be convertible at par at the option of the holder during a period of two and one-half yea's
from date into mortgage bonds of the Company, at par, less one per cent. The said notes are to be secured by pledge under tr.s:
with Morton Trust Company, Trustee of ;

face value of a new issue of Forty-five Year Gold Mortgage Five Per Cent. Bonds of the Company, issued under
and pursuant to the mortgage duly authorized by the Public Service Commission for the First District, executed by the Comper

to Morton Trust Company, Prustee, to secure an issue of not exceeding $55,000,000 principal of bonds, and alse.to.secute.the ty»
present outstanding issues of gold notes of the Company, vi'.: ‘

Three-Year Four Per Cent. Gold Notes maturing May |, 1908, $15,000,b00.

Three-Year Five Per Cent. Gold Notes maturing March 1, 1910, $10,000,000, °
(Bonds being reserved under the mortgage to provide for the payment or retirement of the said notes.) ‘

The said mortgage will cover ihe leaschold interests of the Company in the rapid transit railroads above referred to, and 1+
the Manhattan Railway, and all the real and personal property heretofore, and hereafter constituting the equipment of the-subwe
pursuant to the provisions of the leases, which equipment to December 31, 1907, had cost the Company upwards of $26,00m@o000.

There will also be pledged under the mortgage 18,140 shares out of a total of 20,000 shares of the capital stock of the’ Subw:
Realty Company (the owner of the Hotel Belmont), 32,048 shares out of a total of 32,350 shares, of the New York & Qheens Coun
Railway Company, and one-half of the total outstanding stock and bonds of New, York & Long Island Traction Gompany. and Lor, :
Island Electric Company. me

The mortgage will also provide that the securities amounting to upwards of $4,000,000, known as ‘Manhattan Guaranty Fund
when released from pledge as security for the performance of the lease of the Manhattan Railway (which will probably oceatéon Ju!
1, 1909), shall be applied toward the retirement of the outstanding gold notes of the Company; and that if and when the Company «
interest in the New York and Long Island Railroad or “Steinway Tunnel,’’ shall be sold, the proceeds shall be applied 19 the reduc:
tion of the outstanding mortgage indebtedness.

The proceeds of the sale of the said $25,000,000 of notes are to be applied to the following purposes. paar

(a) To the discharge or lawful refunding of the following obligations of the Company, 9iz.:

$15,000,000, face value, of its Four Per Cent. Three Year Gold Notes, due May 1, 1908, issued under trust agreement with Wind-
sor Trust Company, Trustee; wit!

$6,250,172.55 of the promissory notes of the
or before June 30, 1908; and

agreement
$30,000,000

Company outstanding April | 1908, payable on demand or from time to time o

 

 

 

 

 

   
       
 

 

   

the Interborough Rapid Transit Company, which states, among other things, that, ‘'Pur- » %

value of a new issue of Forty-five Year Gold Mortgage Five Per Cent. Bonds of the Company. °

   

4
a

ee
a

fi

.

q
a

a
A

‘a

13

a

>
1g

is
A
=
3

‘

a