f >

  
  
  

SECOND SECTION.

  

CATHOLIC CENTER

A WEEK OF SPECIAL SERVICES
TO MARK THE ANNIVERSARY.

Two Cardinals and Many Archbishops and
Lesser Digniteries te Assist—Impres-
sive Masses in the Cathpdral and a
Great Street Procession of Laymen.

The Catholics of New York begin to-day
the most ortant celebration ever held
by the Church in America, the observance
of the one hundredth anniversary of the
founding of the New York diocese.

“The motive of these festivities being
our Catholio faith,” said Archbishop Farley
in a olroular letter which wae read last
Sunday in the churohes, “the chief feature
should be of a spiritual character, namely,
to give glory to Almighty God in thanks-
giving for the marvelloug development,
the vigorous strength and abiding power
of the Church in New York,

“Therefore when centenary week dawns,”
eaid the Archbishop further, “this diocese
will send up to Heaven in deepest joy and
gratitude a united song of praise, chanted
by priest and people, the church and the

| home, convent and school, parent and
child, old and young.”

So the celebration which begins to-day
vill be largely of a religious character.
The most impressive service will be the
pontifical mass in the Cathedral on Tues-
day morning; the most spectacular the
parade of Catholic laymen on Saturday
afternoon, which will be the final affair of
the centenary. It is rexpected that nearly
60,000 persone will be in the procession,

Preparations to make the centenary a
notable occasion have been in progress
for months. Hundreds of distinguished
churohmen are already here or will arrive
early this week. The most notable visitor
is Cardinal Logue, Arohbishop of Armagh
and Primate of All Ireland. The clergy
and laity of this dioeese have labored long
and incessantly, and to-day they will begin
to eee the result of their work.

The diocese of New York was founded
on April @, 1808, and the festival is therefore
being held as soon as possible after the
conclusion of Lent and the observance of
Easter. The diocese then consisted of the
entire State of New York and part of New
Jersey.

Since then the dioceses of Brooklyn,
Newark, Albany, Ogdensburg, Syracuse,
Rochester and Buffalo have been created
out of this territory. The archdiooes) of
New York was established in 1851.

Some of the things for which the Catholics
will give thanks in this festiva’ week are
the inerease in the number of Catholic
communicants from 16,000 in 1808 to 1,500,000
n this diocese 8,000,000 in the territory
{ the old diocese; the growth of church
roperty from on’ church, St Peter's in
Barclay gtreet, to about 2,000 in the arch-
diocese now, and the incréase in the clergy

from a handful of priests te 4,000, with an
Archbishop, eight Bishops and a host of
‘ lesser dignitaries.

Cafholisiam found it difficult to gain a
foothold in New York before the Revolu-
tion because of the antagonism of England
toward Rome. &. Peter's Church was
started in Barolay street in 1785 on prop-
erty acquired from Trinity Church.

It was a matter for great rejoicing when
the Pope established the diocese by the
appointment of the Rev. Luke Conoanen,
theft head of the Dominican Order of Bt.
Clements in Rome, as the first Bishop.
Bishop Concanen never got to this country.
He died in 1808 in Leghorn.

The Pope was then a prisoner of Napoleon,

' and no new appointment was made until

s06=

the Order of St. Clements, was made Bishop.
He had in his See when he arrived only
three churches, with four priests as agaist-
ants, but he labored energetically, and when
he died, in 1826, there were more than 100,000
Catholics and more than twenty churches
in the diocese.

The Rev. John Dubois, who founded St.
Mary's College at Emmitsburg, Md., suc-
ceeded Bishop Connolly, and under him
rapid progress was made, This progress
became more marked under Bishop John

‘ Hughes, who became Archbishop in 1860,
Theadminiatrations of Archbishops McClos-
key and Corrigan builded more firmly on
the solid foundation laid by their prede-
ceasors, until to-day the Catholics of New
York have good reason to celebrate.

On this the first day of the festival week
the people will worship in their accustomed |
places. A special mass of thankagiving wilt |
be said in all the churches and chapels of |
the diocese ;

It will be distinctly a home celebration,
each pastor officiating in bis own chureb.
‘The sermons will review the historical and
spiritual growth of the Church in the last
hundred years. Special music will be sung.
Archbishop Farley will preach at the 11
o'clock mass in St. Patrick's Cathedral.

The home celebrations’ will be continued
on Monday, which will be devoted to the
school children, There will be general
oe in the parochial schools and colleges

t "

Moet of the distinguished guests will
arrive on Monday, and the reception com-
mittee will be kept busy welcoming them.
Mgr. Lavelle, rector of the cathedral, is
chairman of the committee.

A special reception committee, headed by
the Archbishop, went down the bay yester-

{

 

4tay (o meet the Lucania, which brought
Cardinai Logue and Bishop Brown of Ire-
land. The reception to the Cardinal is told
e! out elsewhere in TE Sow.

Mgr. Diomede Falconio, the Apostolic
Delegate, and Cardinal Gibbons will arrive
to-morrow. By Monday night there will
be in New York the most notable array of
Catholic clergy ever gathered together in
this country.

There will be at least twelve Archbishops,
fifty Bishops, twelve vicare-general, fifty
Tonsignori, with many clergymen of lesser
rauk, Among those who have sccepted |
invitations and are expected to be present
tre Archbishops Henry Moeller of € n-
cinnatt, Jonn J. Keane of Dubuque, John
ireland of St. Pas, 2. J. Glennon ef St.

 

|

 

 

 

my ye
* u-

« Ches{ of seuieg “James Big of New
Orleans, Patricks J, re of Philadel ’

Bishops North Charleston, Kelley

ona Hit a ete

ven m

Mages nnell of * Colne o

 

Sica
falo, O'Conner of Newark, Gabriele of
eerie te oohester, ae.
(Connell of the Dniversl ty of

\e ’
*

will be guest
Bran:
*

of
guests ¢ Males . in reo-
“ shoes of pombe yr

 

ent

   
 

,

  

»)

oe

     
 

RY BROINS ‘sz.

1815, when the Rev. John Connolly, also of |

     
  

sons, but it will be far too small to accom-
t® those who will seek to attend the
mass to be celebrated at 11 o'clock
It is planned to

most

ma preasive f
the entire celebration w hone,

Two Cardinals vill officiate, Cardinal
as celebrant of the mass and Cardinal
tbbons ag preacher. A special blessing
from the Pope will be read.
Mgr. John Edwards will be the assistant
priest, and Mgrs. James H. MoGean and
ries McCready the deacons of honor.
The deacon will be the Rev, John A. Kellner
gna the gubdeavon the Rev. Richard 0.

A special choir of 200 voices has been
trained to sing in the centennial masses and
vespers. Fifty ‘easional ei areNn
this choir, which includes algo pick of
the ehoire of the Cathedral College and the
Cath@dral school. An orchestra from the
New York Symphony Society will supple-

ne

on RK, He reine.

melon ng the pontifical there will be
owing the pon mass there w

a nanquet to the visiting clergy in the Ca-
thedral College. Archbishop Farle ° wil

1 y
preside and a number of addresses will be
made Cardinal Logue will speak on the
state of the Church {n Ireland and Cardinal
Gibbons will be heard on the state of the
. ake (nee ill be celebratedain th

‘ontifical veapers w rateddn the
Cathedral in the evening. Mgr. Falvonio,
the Apostolic Delegate, will the cele-
brant, and the Most Rev. John J. Glennon,
Archbishop of St. Louis, will preach the
fermon.

The Gesiptans priest will he the Very Rev.
James F. Driscoll, the deacons of honor the
Very Revs. Albert A. Linge and He A.
Brann, while the chanters will be the Rava,
st eet era 5 ie

e, . Flannelly, John B. You
and John J. Hughes. 7 ”

The Catholic children of New York have

looking forward ‘to Wednesday with |

great anticipations. For that is their da
of the festival, and there has been muc
rivalry among the 5,000 children who, be-
sides the clergy, will be the only ecoupents
of the Cathedral on the morning of that day.

Only those children who cou!d sing and si
well wore selected, with the t that 5,
children's voices will be in the Gre-

gorian chants.

There are 65,000 pupils in the parochial
achools of the diocese and per cent.
of thenf will not be able to participate,
The happy 10 per cent. have been working

hard these many weeks,
Rev. John B. Young of the College
of St. Prancis Xavier had task of train-

gorian
masse in a simple form and first taught it
to the teachers. They rehearsed the pupils
who were selected,

Then the singers from several schools
were combined and trained to sing in uni-
son, There have been two rehearsals of
the full choir of 5,000 in the Cathedral,
the latter on Thareee

The celebrant of this masa for the school
children will be the Rev. Dr. Thomas M. A.
Burke, Bishop of Albany. He will be as-
sisted by Mgr. J. 8.M. Lynoh, The deacon
and subdeacon will he the Rev. Thomas A.
Thornton and the Rev. Joseph F. Smith

Y The Very Rev. J. Raymond
Meagher will preach the sermon.

The firet of the cent exercises in

which laymen figure prominently comes

|

t

ing this host. He arranged a Gro;
reapectivel

on Wedn y evening, when a mass
meeting for the Catholic laity will be held
Dietingui men who

in ae Hall.
are ngt Catholics have heen invited.

Ex-Supreme Court Juatioe Maggan J.
O'Brien will preside and Archbishop Farley
will make an address of welcome, The
speakers will be John J. Delany, Cardina
Logue, Paul Fuller, Cardinal Gibbons, Dr.
James J. Walsh and Bourke Cockran, *

A feature of this meeting will be the
music, The Catholic Saengerbund will be
heard in several choruses, Fil Reyl,
the director of the society, has written
specia! music for the occasion,

The clergy will turn to mourning op
Thoreday. nee at 10 A. M. there will be
& pontifical ye for deceased prelates
= riests of the diocese. The Right

, J. O'Connor, Bishop of Newark,
will be the celebrant, and the Auxiliary
Bishop of New York, Thomas F. Cusack,
will preach the sermon. Mgr. John J,
Swift and the Revs. William J Sinnott and
William B. Martin will assist.

The Catholic Club will entertain on Thurs-
day evening in honor of the Cardinale,
| Archbishops and other visiting dignitaries.
The invitations have been restricted, but as
nearly 3,000 persone have apouseed, the club's
home at 120 Central Park South will be

eypeee.
reigique part of the centenary’ ex-
ercises will be concluded on Friday with
the pontifical votive mass of the Sacred
Heart inthe athedralat 110A. M. Charles
H. Colton, Bishop of Buffalo, will be the
celebrant and the Rev William O'Brien
Pardow wii! preach the sermon. Mer.
Thomas Taafe, the Rey. James N. Connolly
and the Rev. Thomas F. Myhan will assist.
New York as a whole will participate in
the concluding feature of the festival week,
the procession of laymen on Saturday after-
noon. ‘The committee of arrangements, of
which Mgr Mooney, one of the vicars-

ded to make the parade as much a
religious demonstration as possible, so
there will be no uniforms or regalia. Ban-
ners denoting the organizations andjparishes
will be carried and the marchers will wear

| red, white and blue boutonniéres.

The procession will form in Washington
Square 48 soon after noon aspoasible. It
will pase we
atreet and will be reviewed at the Cathedral,
where a stand is to be erected, by Arch-
bishop Farley and his guests.
an Thomas A. rT commanding the

ierican troops in Cuba, got a specia
leave of absence in order to lead the pro-
cession as grand marshal. A delegation
from the Catholic Club and the vier |
Alumni GSodality will act as his bodyguard.
Among the members of the Catholic Club
yhe Rave. promaaes 10, be in | are ex-

ustice organ J. O'Brien, les V.
ornes, Justice Leonard Giegerich, Ed-
ward Sievin and Dr. Francis J.

inlan.
en nm each of
parish of the ay wil form

the 126

the firet di-
vision. legation is to number 100
men, The

William P. Q, and the Ancient Order |
of , under T
Kelly, will make up the secoad division

The Holy Name societies will furnish the
marchers for the third division, which will
comprige at least 15,000 men, Other Catho-
lie societies will be in the fourth and last
division. These will include alumni asao-
ciations of various colleges, the Catholic
Benevolent League, the Catholic Knights of
America, the Columbus Catholic Club and
clube of various nationalities.

di of Philadelphia has “been

 

celebrating its 100th birthday anniversa
the last week and many pre high in the
| Church have been attending the cere- | ¥

monies. Now they will move on to New
York for another week of religious cele-
bration, 6

 

Lecal Option Puzzle in ilineis, |
From the Carlinville Democrat. |
The city of Litehfeld ia both wet and dry. |
The city is located in two townships. The |
major part is in North Litchfield and the
balance ia in Youth Litchfeld. At the recent’
election North Litchfield went overwhein-
ingly against the saloons, while South Hitch. |
fleld township went for saloons by a majority
of 082. Peonje of that city now are wonderin
where they are. oons in South | tehvield’
in which is loca @ falogn pati of the city
of Litchfield, will not be distur and the
probabilities are that many of the saloons
voted out of North Litohtield will move across
re pomrees track and do business in saloon
erritory.

— —--—-— - ——

Fastand’s Largest Laat Ownor:, |
Prom Tit-Hith |
The Marquis of Stafford, who is in his
tweptieth year, 4 heir to the most extensive
domain, if not the largest rent roll, enjoyed
by any subject of King Edward,

More than 1,000, * in England and
he ordehip of his father,
land, while the Marqui

Boot, are under
iP paca Se bly the nex

ietor fn the , does pot
owk bail thes ‘sosouse of ” : y

SN eee ee metre erm te ented

ins

Lo hae oo, aa te ie sy ‘ sath

  

; | made a jump for the axe wielder, and grab-

| perhaps to hie shoulder and weighed say

1 of the archdiocese, is chairman, | ™@ Sure I could break youse in two with
{ , | one hand.”

Fifth avenue to Fifty-ninth ,

nigh of Columbus, headed by

 

| again, this time all in
buok

   

 

BR NAR PIRACY

WAR DANCE AND HOT SCRAP ON
AN EARLY FERRYBOAT: '

Deckhand Falls to Broak the Blooming
Cetamaran in Two and He Dodges
the Cops in a Berrowed Hat—David
and Goliath Minus the Mora) Values.

 Onbe or twice a week, especially on Satur-
day, some semi-tough ball in New York
draws a crowd of young people—some
being young—from Jersey City, Newark
and other New Jersey subutbs. Then
the North River ferryboats are nolsy in
the hours verging on daylight.

There ie amazingly little sign of liquor
and as a rule no real toughness. There

| is @ good deal of criminal attempt at sing- | They all went through
| ing, however, and the jokes are strictly ; Ing the crowd as it trooped off, but of course
But it is all pretty good natured |
and the loud guffaws and shrill tee-hees | the roundaman when all were of.

personal,

that the pleasantries elicit keep the rats
| in hiding behind the life preservers.

Even when the proceedings take a scrappy
turn they are apt to fall short of piracy
on the high seas. One night about a week

ago the Blooming Catamarans — maybe
| that wasn't the exact name—had a re-
| Oeption and dance, and the New Jersey
| merrymakers werg unusualy numerous
| and lively. Long before the 8:30 A. M.
| boat pulled out half a dozen of them took
possession of the upper cabin.
| They were undersized, hard faced young
man from 18 on into the early 208, all but
| well dreased and mostly wearing their

hate over one eye and one ear. They
| came on board with a mob of forty or fifty
| lade and girls not quite eo tough but sing-
ing A popular waltz song in forty or fifty
different keys.

The tough group had the floor from the
very beginning. They had pasteboard
outfite of eagle feathers, which they stuck
around their hats, and they completed their
disguise as Pawnee braves by turning their
overcoat collars up above their ears.

The war dance was on at onoe. Crouch-
ing in the well known attitude of picking
up a trail, they followed each other in a
oirole, howling an Indian song which closely
resembled a litter of puppies yelping
through a megaphone.

Twenty or thirty other youths with their
girl annexes sat around the cabin and helped
the noise by stamping thel? feet in time
and yelling with laughter, They weren't
to be blamed; ft was funny enough, and
even the red faced deckhand, who is siz feet
tall and three feet across the shoulders,
—e the fun with hearty chuckles,

ut the head devil had an idea, His eye

fell on the fire axe hung in a rack on the

| gabin wall. In an instant he made for it
| and gripping it just below the head—
tomahawk fashion—he jumped into the

ring with fresh: vigor and amid renewed
| howls of delight from the audience,
Then the big deckhand got busy.

 

He

bing the handle jerked it out of his hand,
giving him a push that sent him into the
| lap of one of the girls.

“Now, youse sit down an’ keep quiet,”
he snapped, ‘or I'll have youse trun off’n
the boat. Youse is too blamed gay, an’ I
won't have none 4f it.”

The staggered youth picked himself up.
He was quite pale, but he had an ugly glin
| in his eye. He was as cool as an ice cream
| freezer as he stepped up to the deckhand.
* cooped up rage made him hoarse and

his fingers twitched.
“Say, Bill,” said he, “don't yer know no
better'n t' insult a lady by trowin’ a gen'l-
| m'n in her lap dat ain't her escort?”
“Now youse take yerself in a quiet corner
an’ hold yersef down in your seat; I don't
w@t no trouble chuckin' youre off'n the
boat,” blustered the deckhand, keeping a
throttle hold on the axe handle.
| “Come on an’ try it, Billig’ croaked the
| Blooming Catamaran through his clinched
teeth. “It'll be lots o' fun for ye. None o’
these gents 'l] lay a hand on ye. Honest to
Moses they won't. You just put that axe
down an’ have fun with me.”

“Ah, pshaw!” eneered the deckhand, look-
ing up and down his adversary, who came

half as much—“Ah, pshaw! Don't tempt

He looked as if he could, but the hard

| faced youth moistened his thin lips and

went on:

“Yes, do, Bill, Just put down that axe o’
yours an’ break me in two. Or say, trow
me off de boat. Here's half a dollar for
ye if you'll do it”; and he produced the coin, |
holding it out in his open hand.

“That's right, Bill!” howled the crowd.
“Trow him off de boat! Break him in two!
We won't interfere, We won't lay a hand

; on ye.”

The jawing match went on for three or
four minutes with sundry variations on
the original themes and it seemed to be
petering out when the starting bell. clanged
in the ferry house outside. This was the
call of duty to the big deckhand, so with
a final pshaw of unutterable contempt he
backed to the wall rack, put the axe in its
place and started for the stairway to the
lower deck.

But the instant the axe was out of his
d the hard faced youth in
nt of him pushing Gack bd ete ont
wling: “Now, Bill, break
, trow me off de boat'”
Ah, pehaw,” began the deckhand i

high, petips voce, “don't be foolish; wh
I could kill youse wit’ one hand if I ever
landed a crack at youse. Now youse

ter-—
ut that was all, There was a emack and
a thud that shook the whole boat. The |
deckhand had sat down on the deck with
remarkable emphasis and the hard faced
outh stood a wre of feet from him,
with that wicked look in his eye and beckon-
ing to him with his finger as he h :
Come here, Bill; get up and come here,
Come an’ break me in two,”

The deckhand scrambled to his feet and
as the crowd gave a jeering yell he made a
lumbering rush at the little Cough, j

Smaok! Biff! No one could tell how it |
happened, but down went the fellow |
heap, while the
young tough spran avyard or #0 out
of the way as he rolled over.

A great how! of Joy went up frem the
spectators, which was prolonged into a |
hysteria of delight as the deckhand |
scrambled to his feet and dashed wildly |
out of the cabin to the outside upper deck,
screaming murder and clamoring for help
from the men below. This he supplemented
as the bout was just pulling awey from the
bridge by shouting to the bridge tender:

¢ Clephos to Jersey for oops. Tell them |
to moot us at thie slip,” !

Then a neat lightning change act was |
done in the cabin, In a seoond the hard |
faced young man had changed hat and over-
coat with two of the
of the cabin,

With a soft hat instead of his derby and
light aay coat instead of his black one
and white silk handkerchief that a girl
lent him around his neck, he was absolutely
un zable. The other war dancers
a few hurried changes, and as

 

me in two! |

na
y,

 

rt * aah ies i ne

EW YORK, SUNDAY, APR

   
   
 
 
    
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
  

| finan

sitters along the walls | sane TO DRAW OR NO CHARG

D

IL 26, 190

the deck crew from below came stumbling
up the stairs of the women's cabin the dis-
turbers slipped down the other side into
the men's cmouiag, compartment.

The deckhands blustered around a few
minutes tackling some of the lads who had

nothing to do with the row and getting
some sharp talk in returp. At last some
ona told them to t cabin

the pmoking
and they dashed down , followed
by about half the men to see the fun,

But there wasn’t any. Nobody could
pick the disturbers from the reat of the
weary crowd downetairs.

The ppead devil was reading a newspaper
as studiously as if he had never given a jolt
from the shoulder in his life. Another
was fast asleep to all appearance with his
mouth wide open.

The others were smoking or looking
out of the windows, all sitting far apart.
Thero were no identifications,

the boat on the
Jersey side the deckha had a conference
with them before the gates were opened.

farce of inapect-

ere were no arreats.
“What in Sam was it all about?” asked

i

“Well, you see, it was this way,” shouted
the big deckhand in a voice of shrill anger;
“about fifteen o' them young toughs fei)
on me because I wouldn't stand for them
raisin’ Cain, course I could ‘a’ broke
them in two if I'd ever laid me hands on
one o' them. But when they haul down
the fire axe an’ start to do me, why then
I had to break away an’ call for help, an’
before the other men here could get around,
why they all scattered an’ flew the coop.
If they'd only ‘a’ waited a minute I'd ‘a’
broke one o' them in two,”

And he was atill thinking so in a loud
pense when the chroniclers got out of hear-
ng.

A VILLAGE IN THE CITY.

Nesties Comfortably on River Front While
Bridge Builders Work Overhead.

In a backwater of uptown city life, not
far from one of the principal thoroughfares
that oroas the city, is @ little settlement
that might nestle with much grea ap-
propriateness among the hills of New Hamp-
shire. As the abode of a village's important
families it would serve eo well that any
soene painter in want of such an inspiration
need trave) no further than a Fifty-ninth
street trolley car will carry him,

It need not disconcert him that the noise
of city life buzzes and cracks all] about him.
He need not listen to the grating trolleys
or the clatter of the more distant elevated
on Second avenue, He oan close his ears
to the round of the machines piecing to-
gether the iron girders of the new bridge
and refuse to look upward at the mighty
spans df iron that cross the sky on their
way to Long Island,

Already the lilac bushes along the top
of the old stone fence are preparing to
bloom. The hedge has survived the on-
Blaughts of city life. There are a few
broken gaps suggesting that they might
have been made hy the owners to peer
through at the advancing army that kept
on bringing the city up from the south
to plant it beneath their own stone walle
facing Sixty-firat street.

The house with the two gables is the
most picturesque of the group. It serves
now for two homes, but that device is to
make ita existence leas costly. The two
wings, each surmounted by a kable, are

con by a passage. This, on the
second story. fo a long baloony of the
kind called a ga! in the South, enclosed

with high shutters, They are broken now
in places and there is very little paint left
on them, but they are just as interesting
in their suggestion of age as the old piazza
which stands at the ond of the house facin,
the East River. Here six Greek flut
columns support. the piazza,

So high the li naage gave that
the firs story of the house is hidden from
view. Only th

up the 6ix steps to peer through the iron
gate can see the old shrubs growing lustily
against the walls and the traces of the
overgrown flower beds. . |

Near this building is a less pretentious |
house which shows less distinctly the march
oftime. Itstands now high ona foundation
of red brick which, as in 60 many of the old |
houses of Manhattan, forms the spaces for
the kitchen and dining room. Its two
stories in wood are sheltered by two high
columns severely plain with their olaaslo
fluting and austere capitals. The street
level changed in the advance of years,
even if the rest of this old fashioned corner
of New York has remained the same. So |
a flight of frame steps is necessary now
even to bring up the visitor to the red brick
basement. Enor ing houses have stolen
its encircling yard, but the square of green
before the house is gufficient to nourish
some beds whicharefdllof the groen spears
of sprouting tulips,

Across the street on a lot so large that
ite firat owners must have been able to farm
comfortably if not profitably are two more
houses of the same period. They face the
river under the shadow of the new bridge.
Save for their doora and columns they
lack the yotureequences of the rest of the
colony. But they possess the sate incon-

ruous interest of being in New York at this

y and year.

To turn eastward down this one block
of East Sixty-first street is to step back
into the New York of half a century ago—
perhaps when there were no trolleys or
elevate? roads or towering bridges, .
where in the world—certainly nowheré near
a gentleman's country house on the Island
of Manhattan.

Genius and Obesity.
From the Strand Magazine.

The annals of genius are filled to over-
flowing with the names of men who toiled
and achieved fame under a full habit, Noth-
ing can be more unjust than the gibe about
“fat and folly” and fatness and indolence.
Martin yatier was as fui as Caivin was thin;

t Ré

curious visitor who climbs |

 

Ss Sst ess ss

nan's obesity did not obscure his
t and brilliancy.
preakers have too jong |

any writers and
fatness, but the best |

spoken invidiously o
retort we have been abje to gipse in our re-
Ci Spurge this weighty subject is that of

rgeon, the famous preacher. “Peo-

' urgeon, “say | “4 fat. 1am not

. Tam bone and flesh, My limbs, thank
( wd ,are amply clothed, and | am inany right
mind.

Many Wolves in Upper Michigan.
Trout Lake correapondence, Detroit Free Presa,
Fatimates by the Federal Biological Survey
to the effect that there are perhaps 200 timber
wolves in Upper Michigan are declared by
woodemen to be far under the mark
There are fifteen counties in the peningula
and there are wolves in every one of them,
pertioulart in the great stretches of, wil-
erness with which the region abounds.
Probably as many a8 500 wolves have been
killed the last year it is figured: still there |
appears to be as many of the animals in the |
woods now as twelve mo ago. |
e Luce county board recently approved |
the paymont of bounties on thirty wolves, |
amounting ai 630 a head iv , and in Dick
inson county bounties were on seven- |
|

|
|

teen wolves and nineteen wild cats

   

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

Smoky |
Fireplaces |

Keferences; Wm. W. Astor, Jos. H. Choste, Wut.
law Reid, apd many other prominent people, i

obn Whitley
tb Pahoa fi. Brook N. ¥.
This adv. appease Sundays Gnd Wodneesays,

ye be the. he
sitesi sh aa

Sun.

   

   

  

 

  
 

  

a nent nt ee ed

 

  

wer
p ‘Ens,
wat Hy ‘

  

  

Women’s Suits

A

find complete size ranges in any one atyle—it is for

Suits at $7.98 : Values Up to $25.

About fifty tailored Suite of fancy mixtures in stripes, plaids
and solid colors. Cutaway and fly front Coates, lined with satin
and silk. Plaited and gored skirts,

Suits at $25 : Values Up to $65.

About two hund high grade tailored Suits of rich novelty
clothe, pnperiee and domestic serges, broadcloths and panamas,
in checks, stripes and plaids. Coats are in the newest effects,
including a few Etons, Skirts are plaited and gored.

 

   

‘French and German Dress Fabrics, 59c.

Regularly $1, $1.25 and $1.50 a Yard.

E CLOSED OUT AN IMPORTER'S SURPLUS of French and German all woo] Dress Fabrics in the most de-
they make a remarkable offering for to-morrow. Not a yard of them reached America be-
fore January 1, Some of them have come within the past few weeks,

lack-and-white, navy-and-white and reseda-and-white stripes: excellent check Suitings; French woo! Taffetas with a emart

sirable styles and

W

Second Fidcor,

7
find their sizes at store opening to-morrow.

KEK AFTER WEEK THE WAIST STORE has piled

W

-have
variably charming in style and fine in workmanship.

These Waists at 88,08 are of taffeta in black, nav
and lace Waiats in white, cream ecru, all fined wit

88 Lace and Slik Waists, 8 rsian lawn, Some
Lace ana net hte | Re

1 e

faiste, in w And cry ce with
square yoke of lace and lace insertion down

front, White china silk Waiste with silk

embroidery and trimming_of ce; also

black China silk and black taffeta silk Waists | ope of fi

with embroidery down front. lof insertion and 4

$2.50 to 63 Lingerie Waists at 61.98. \trimmed with medall
Twelve hundred linger

back and open front sty!

ter cit

even nearly matched in the
thousan

And to-morrow presents seve

 

es of batiste and!

  

' ever known for such an exceptionally fine quali
It is 27 inches wide and comes in a splendid

silver, pearl, un metal, natural, tan, brown, reseda, lizard,
These Si

G&c. Plain Colored Taffeta Silks at 48.
81.25 New paney Striped Taffeta Silks at 10¢c.
$1.80 Biack 86-inch Chiffen Taffeta at $1.

( $7.50 to $12.50 Portieres at $3.98.)
HE HANDSOMEST AND MOST DESIRABLE POR-

TIERES we have ever sold at such a price—less, in
fact, than the plain fabric would cost by the yard
without edging or pattern.

There are about a hundred pairs—a maker's surplus—
and they include solid color reversible mercerized rep
Portieres with silk cord or galloon edging, and also some
two faced Portieres with perfectly contrasting colors,
and others with wide tapestry borders.

+ to ete Ru ie Benals nee Ped Sote0e8 and £o.t8,
os ek te meeid aside; Curtains iy $2.75

 

 
       
   
   
   
      
 

  
 

SEEPS FES a ae Salta sae

   

Third Floor, Front. ,

 
   

Summery Dress Cottons,
léc. a Yard for 25c. to 50c, Values.

HERE ARE ENGLISH WOVEN VOILES in stripes,
checks and fancy plaids; French Organdies in floral
designs; silk stripe Voiles printed in French designs

and colorings and a great variety of mercerized striped
Marquisettes in foulard designs for street wear. Usual
prices everywhere to-day for such fabrics are 25c, to 50c.
ayard, To-morrow’s price here is 16c. a yard

20¢. Printed Gil Mousselines at 14¢e.
19c. Printed May at sae

ste Wines ee alee

25e. ame at
Second Floor, «

  

Black Silk Venetian Laces.
49c. to $6.98 Values at 10c. to 98c.

TT SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE that Laces regularly 96.@ a
I yard should be sold. for 98c.—and be perfect and
desirable. Yet you will find such Laces in this Sale,
and the only thing the matter with them is that the 3,000
yards represent odd jots—a maiier with which the im-
porter was concerned and not you. ‘
There are medallion and applique effects, all imported
for this season, and the stock aeenenng practically every
usable width, Superb trimmings for black gowns—they

should fly out in a jiffy at 0c. to 98c, a yard,
Main Floor,

    
   
   
      

       
 
  

Put Your Furs
In Loeser
Cold Air Storage.

 
     

-
a

” has

Ty

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

In An Under Price Round-Up Sale.

N APTER EASTER CHANCE—a chance that.could hardly come outside the Loeser Store, Naturally, you will net

and Costume is correct and new in style. Every one is of pertiquleriy
the large assortments, we think there is the right size and satisfaction for al

There are
drawn Yivead effect in navy, Copenhagen, autumn leaf brown, Havana, reseda, pear! and stone grays, tan and oon. All ws
-aya

f Men’s $15 to $18 Suits at $12.50.

Men’s $20 to $25 Suits at $16.50.

O MEN WHO ALREADY KNOW the character of Loeser Clothing a second invitation wilk not be ,
To men who do not know this Clothing from experience we suggest that this is a fine chance to inspect it--
and to get such values as were hardly ever before matched so early in a season.

hese are incomplete lots from our regular stocks, but in one group or another all men from 33 to 44 chest measurement will

The Suits are all the s¢ason’s newest pattern in browns, tans and grays
Main Floor, Fim Place.

$5, $6 and $7.50 Waists, $3.98.

we hear enthusiastic comments from customers who say that such fresh styles and fine workmanship cannot be
for anything near the
more fresh and pretty
ne before it, However little the price—and some of them are wonderfully little—you will find

and brown neat stri
heilk. Foulard silk
haye round yoke of |\@9.80 te 613.08 Net and Stik
eavy lace medallions; others have \@ Wate, een.
the entire front of fine eubroidery insertions,
SS Net Waists at 62.08. (
jaista in two splendid models, |
@ lace,
it others with yoke
one
fe Waists in open | with bands of lace: lined with silk.
Second Fileor.

$1.25 Colored Shantung Pongee Silk, 78

WO THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED YARDS of a superb, all silk Pongee offered at the lowest price we have
‘. of colorings, including white, pink, ciel, heliotrope, apricot,

ks are not to be compared with the ordinary rough pongees.
bc, and $1.28 All Silk 24-Inch Crepe de Chine at 4c. and

Main Floor, Bongl Street.

 

 

ar ad <eiernew om. . Se ee eaten ne sere ae eee , ~ aol “6 j

The Subway to Borough .

Hall Brings the Loeser
Store Within 20 Minutes
of Fortyesecond

 
 
       
  
 

  

and Costumes

   

that reason that the off is possible. But every Suit
high gr in workmanship, And in
who would share—and come promptly

Costumes at $18.98 Values Up
to $45,

They include handsome Costumes of Point d'Kaprit, taffetas,
foulards, measalines, pougees, rajahsand voiles in a variety ©,
atyles, mostly one or two of a king Some have lace yoke and
sleeves; others are in the jumper effects.

Second Floor, None Bent C. 0. LD. or on Approval

    
     
 

    
       
       
      
  
     
     
      
 

Eim Place.

 
 
         
       
   
 
  

up a record of extraordi off . Time after time

   

ces.
Wanees in an offering as noteworthy as any that
Waists in-

      
    

7 effects,
aiste with

    
 

M line silk W in white and colors. Net
Pisitings of ‘pile Mee the front.

      
 

Lace and net Waists in White, crea dd
ecru, all r and lin with sik.
Chiffon taffeta oil alete in assorted ‘
$7.30 to 615 Lingerie Faiete, 66.08.

Of batiste and pep cer chis linen wit
hand embroidery, including quite a number
of Paris made Waists, hand made and
‘ished with hand embroidery in front.

   

 

       
  

ome with panel

       
  

cuffs trimmed

 

 

   

en blue, Gobelin, cadet and navy.

old rose, Copenh,
They are all silk, warp and weft.

       
     
 

82 Black 36-inch Dress Taffeta, 91.20,

    
  
  
 

  

Sale-of Furniture.
Summer Sorts :: Under Price.

HE FURNITURE is largely of summer sorts—suitable
for country homes as well as city houses. It is
all of the standard grades expected’in this Store.

It is all excellent in design. And only through larg>
purchases as well as through radical concessions of our
own have such price coving been made a bility.

The most important Furniture Day of the spring

comes to-morrow, Don't miss it.

Brass Bedsteads.
627.50, reguiariy 840.
$20.75, regularly 645.
633.60, regularly 660.
834, regularly 668.
886, regularly 682.

Dressers.
812,25, regularly 14.60.
$23, regularly $20.
636, regularly 645.
$256.50, regularly 682.
866, regularly $70.
$16.75, regularly 82).
$22, regularly 630.

60, regularly 862,

25,60, regularly 882.
#40, regularly 660.
860, regularly $75.

      
       
       
     
       
 

Rockers.
$2.05, regularly 64. ;
63.95, regularly 65.50.
$4.35, regularly 60.
| 06.85, regularly $8.
66.86, reguiarly 66.50.
$7.88, regularly 60.26.

Sideboards,
611.85, regularly 616.
$14.06, regularly 620.
| 16.80, regularly $31,
| 20, regularly 625,
| O81, regularly 680.

644, regularly O85.

China Closets.
| 616.60, regularly 22.
| $22.95, regularly 629.
680, regularly 9532,

    
     
     
     
     
       
       
         
     
     
       
     
 

824, regularly 630.
SHER TEaRaISe™ Sts set renany oe
Chiffoniers. 809, regularly 993,

   

Reed Arm Rockers.
63, regularly 64.
64, regularity 66.26.
| 65.26, regularly 61.

L #
ue regular! : | €6.80, regularly 68.80.
| $7, regularly 68.50.

y
y
39, regularly. uit | 8,95, regularly 613.50,
4 yar. Fancy Tables.

85, regularly 68.

fissatearie™

     

   

, re y $27.

      
    

   

      
 

 

   

50, requlariy 86

‘so. | 88,06, regularly $6.
7.60, reg lar "
4, regul rly 64.85, regularly 66.7.

 
    

S, regularly 637. 65.86, regularly 68.
Third, Fourth and Fifth Pioors.

    
   

Squarely at Half Price.

HERE ARE ONLY FIFTY OB THESE RUGS—all but
three of them Royal Wiltons—but every one of the
fifty is marked at exactly half price.

This makes some record low prices for Rugs of
equa] grade—for instance, for ten

$39.50 Royal Wilton 9x12 ft. Rugs at $19.75.

They ought to be snap up ina few minutes.
We have never known such z=. to cost so little.

bd often i i a