| od ok

 

ro

| | Stated and of the Vice-President will always

Let us havé certain at home days at the

club; everybody consider that day
hers for calling ears receiving calls,

“The idea is all there is to it even now,
when we go rushing all over town. We
can see just as many women in one grand
at home day at the club.

“What is more, it will give us a chance
to become really acquainted. We don't
know ourselves apart, so to speak, as things
are going now

“If we can drop in at the olub, see the
same women every few days, find out whom
we like, we may be able to make a real
society here instead of the present con-
glomerate mase of individuals, with here
and there little lumps composed of cliques
which stiok together with the glue of official
etiquette, whether they want to or not.”
| That ie the way the talk goes now, and
it is pretty safe to say that those who aren't
talking are giving the idea silent treatment
of the most powerful kind. Before this
article is printed probably every State in
the Union will be represented in the nem-
bersitip of the club

At present only one or two are not rep-
resented, and new members are constantly
coming in, The advisory committee will
be composed of one member from each
State, a very respectalle total at present
of forty-six members.

While the club's organization is scarcely
complete it has already taken ite place
among the social factors of life at the capi-
tal. During Mrs. Humphry Ward's visit
to Washington the members of the Con-
gressional Club were invited to meet her at
break the shackles. ' lub, | the home of Mrs. Herbert Parsons, a pleasure

As for the organizers of the new club, | which would probably have been open to
probably nothing was further from their | row of them if the club had not come into
thoughts than the introduction of a radical ; existence
change in the social order of things. The ; The membere have bees entertained also
possiblity which is now being read we by Mrs. Dalzell, wife of the gentleman from
the situation seems to have occurred oF a Pennsylvania, and already more has been
taneously to @ good paey Vee © ve accomplished toward creating a spirit of
official eet. They saw in the club @ loophole mutual interest and pleasure among the
of escapes. Now everybody is taking 6ur- | wives of the members of Congress than
reptitious aquints through that loophole | months of inordinate calling could have
and peng with anticipatory relief at the |. onieved, Now everybody is wondering
game time. ; :

; why the thing wasn't done sooner.
: The membership is to be composed ot | But at the rate things are going this latest
the,women of the immediate — of | of women's clubs will soon be one of the
the Senators, Representatives and ¢Z- | 1, et and certainly one of the most inter+
members in Congress and of such other estingin the country.

persons—not exceeding one hundred in neneieimeeemecaueine
MAPLE CANDY AND WARM SUGAR,

number—in the various branches of the
Federa} Government as shall be considered

Two Delicacies Which You Get Only Where
the Sap Giving Trees Grow.

eligible by the committee on membership.”
Good maple sirup and good maple sugar

The wife of the President of the United

are hard to get in New York, but they can
be got. There are two products of the
juice of the maple, however, which can be
obtained only where the maple trees grow
—maple candy and warm sugar.

You've got to go to the neighborhood
of the sugar camps up-State or in Vermont
or in Canada to get these delicacies Maple
candy is nothing but maple eugar in a pre-
liminary stage.

The sap is boiled beyond the point where
it is sirup and almost to the point where
it sugars. It is largely a matter of guess
to know just when to stop the boiling
process, but the sugar makers get very
expert in guessing.

If you stop the boiling in time and let
the meas cool you get maple candy. It is
like taffy, very sticky and chewy.

It is put up in vessels of biroh bark and
sold that way in the stores, but none of it
gets very far away from the place of its
origin, for it is perishable

Warm sugar isn't much different from
maple candy except that it is warm. Sap
is boiled almost up to the sugaring off stage.
Bowls of hot sap are brought to the table,
which already holds pans of snow.

You dip a ladle into the sap and pour
the liquid over the snow. As it cools. it,
hardens, pad rou wind it up over a fork
and eat it. n you get the real maple
flavor in its delicate eurey:

Up in New York State it is quite the fash-
ion in earl ne for young people to go
on what they call sugar bums. A party
is got up and arrangements made with
a farmer who has a maple grove.

It is a midday affair. The young people
drive out to the farmhouse about noon.
Caldrons of maple sap have been boiling
for hours. The dining table is nearly cov-
ered with pans of snow.

Then the hot sap is brought in and the
whole party gets very busy devouring warm
sugar. With the'sugar you eat hot bis-
cuits and pickles and drink milk, It sounds
indigestible, but either the young up-coun-
try stomach is a wonder or the various
parts of the mese harmonize, At any rate
no ill effects are observed.

It is ible to get a sort Of warm sugar
by boiling the reqyer maple sugar of com-
merce in water, If no snow is handy shaved
ice will answer. But the result isn't satia-
factory, as the product is sugary and lacks
the true flavor and amoothness,

The streets of some towns up State are
lined with maple tr@ps. Many of these
arc tapped in the early spring, and it is a
common sight to see tin pails hanging on
spigots at every step.

Likewise it is a common occurrence for
bad, bad boys and even for naughty girls
to go around stealing sap. Some persons
like to drink it clear.

A MOVE.TO BREAK THE BONDS
OF. OFFICIAL ETIQUETTE. .

ee

The Congressional Clab Formed to Mitigate
the Social Order at the Capitel—Maybe
f Futare Women Won't Have to Make
Hundreds of Calls as They Do Now.

Wasutnoton, April 25.—An entirely new

thing in women’s clubs has just been or-

in Washington. It is not only the

first of ite kind but must continue to be

the only one. So long as the United States

has only one Congress there oan be only
one onal Club Hike this.

The object of the new organization is
purely social. According to the constitu-
tion of the olub it is “to promote acquaint-
anceship among ite members, to facilitate
their social intercourse and to provide a
place of meeting which may help to seoure
for ;ghem the advantages of life in the,
national capital.”

People who know Washington can read
volumes between those few innocent lines.
They detect there a very bright little glim-
mer of hope for the members of the newly
organized club.

The woman's side of official life in Wash-
ington is becoming more and more of a
grind, a wearing, incessant grind, Every-
body admits it, everybody deplores it. But
nobody seems to have the courage, or per-
haps it is the courage and the power, to

be invited to become honorary members.

While all the details have not been per-
fected the club has become a fact. The
president ie Mre. James Breok Perkins of
New York and the first vice-president Mrs.
Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts. The
other. vice-presidents in their order are
Mra. John Sharp Williams of Missigsippi,
Mrs, Champ Clark of Missouri, Mrs. Joseph
M. Dixon of Montana and Mrs. Julius Kahn
of Oalifornia. Mrs. J. Sloat Fassett of New
York is recording secretary, Mrs. Thomas
Spight of Mississippi is the corresponding
secretary and Miss Wood of New Jersey is
the treasurer.

Roughly speaking, the initiation fee will
be $10; and the annua! dues $25 for resident
and $6 for non-resident members. But there
are some rather complex modifications of
these provisions. If a Senator or Repre-
sentative has several female relatives in
his immediate family—by whioh, in this
case, it is to be understood that they are
living under his roof—only one initiation
fee is required for the family.

That is to say, if a member of Con-
gress brings "his wife, mother and two or
three daughters to Washington for the
session ali this feminine contingent oan
Join the new olub for one initiation fee of
$10, Having joined, the wife would pay
the annual dues of $25, while the others
would bé required to pay only $5 each a
year. But only the members paying dues
of $25 havé a vote.

As the wife and the family of a Congress-
man do not always come to Washington
for an entire session some provision had to
be made to cover this point. A member
of the club may therefore. be resident or
non-resident from year to year, according
to her changing plans. If she comes for
the whole session she pays her $25 dues. If
she comes for a visit of a few weeks only she
pays the regular non-resident dues of $5
and has the privileges of the club during
the time of her visit.

The pfovision admitting wives of ex-
members of Congress is an important one.
It won't make any difference how long her
husband may have been out of public life,
a woman may join the Congressional Club
as freely.ae if she had just become “Mrs.
Honorable.”

If an ungrateful constituency shelves a
man in the midst of his labors for the people
no such fate is meted out to his wife by the
Congressional Club. If he dies and she
chooses to make Washington her home she
will hava her membership in the club as a
permanent link with her old official asso-
ciations.

Now for the glimmer of hope which some
of the women who are talking about the
new club profess to see in it. There are
eevera! phases of the social grind of official
Washington which are making work for
the wrinkle eradicators, byt the worst of
ther all ig the calling phase,

Women in other cities have absolutely
no conception of the size to which this bug-
bear hag grown. Plain, unadulterated
calling im New York has been pretty much
relegated to the limbo of outgrown social
usages. In Washington it i» the Old Man
of the Sea which society carries around
on its back.

A New Yorker who visited Washington
this season declared in disgust that he
simply went around peddling his cards
from door to door. It is twenty times worse
for the wamen—above all, for the women
in official ¢ircles. :

They make hundreds and hundreds of
calls each season. One woman told re-
cently of making 2,600 calls last season,
which was very short. This year she will
probably get up to 8,000.

Of covlfee these calls mean absolutely
nothing but a mere form. They last only
a fow minutes, exceptin the case of the new
recruits Who have not learned Washington
expedition and who are therefore always
dragging around on their interminal call-
ing bouts.

There is half the time an ill concealed
doubt in the mind ef the hostess as to her
visitor's identity, and the two usually part
with a sigh of relief, having shown off to
the worst possible advantage in each case.
They may even cordially dislike each other,
but that makes no difference. The myth
of official’ obligation keeps on hounding
them at eech other in this perfectly useless
Bocial sotto.

There are women who are daring to hope
that the new club may mitigate thie calling
nuisance. The idea is absolutely apart

 

POSTMASTERING A PROFESSION

And Net a Matter of Politics Across the
Canadian Border.

Postmasters come and postmasters go in
the United States. It used to bea political
ecandal, this turning out of postmasters
when the other party got into power or even
when another faction of the same party got
control of the Congress district.

Things are better now, we are told. Efi-
ciency counts in some cases. But there is
atill a deal of shifting around.

In Canada they do things differently.
When a post office is established and @ post-
master appointed it is a pretty safe guess
that the office remains in the same family.
There are many changes of government, but
officeholders are seldom disturbed.

The result has been that across the north-
ern border postmastering, if one may coin
aljword, has become @ profession, like the
jaw and medicine. If by some mischance
a Canadian postmaster should jose his job
he would be hard put to it to know what to
do for a living, for he has been trained
to but one thing.

Totakean example; When the Dominion
of Canada aseu its present political form
—the act of union was in 1867—the
town of Moncton, N. B., still had ite first

master, who had his patent, or whatever
ooument confirmed him in his office
direct from the Queen of England. The
Dominion appointed him postmaster and
he was postmaster until his death.

But long before he died he trained his
eon to the business of running a post office,
and his son naturally eu m. That
son is the present , and he

 

peaese out no doubt some other member of
he family will take up the work.

AN OPPORTUNITY SEIZED.
Iustrating the Readiness

 

National
Collar Chances as They Fly.

One characteristio ofythe American is
shown in his cheerfulness under difficulties,
and another in the prompt readiness wich
which he turns mishaps or just incidental
unforeseen happenings to his advantage,

from any feature of the original plan, t
The founders of the club did not have = ern | ee a 78
ft In mind And are not the ones who are talk- window from which the glass had been

broken in an uptown drug store:

This giase was broken by the wind but—
it was insured,

Insure your health by using Blank's drugs.
Guaranteed pure and fresh.

Many people to look at the boarded
up window, all are curious to see what
it says on the sign. There was a chance
here, and the store didn't let it go by.

ing about it now, But there are others
who are saying; : ;

“See bere! Why ‘not’ emancipate’ our-
selves ffom this slavery of official etiquette?
At least We cay escape part of it.

“We afe to tiave club rooms. Before
very long we will have a hotee.., Why
wot do our’ calling on one another there,

rrr ee ee cee len a SSS Sacemaias

 

postmaster, ig
growing gray in the service. Whon he too

 

FROGS A PAYING PROPOSITION

WITHOUT MUCH LABOR, SAYS
MISS WALSH, :
'

 

An Ideal Occupation for Women Fond of
an Outdoor Life Is Her Conclusion,
Based on Her Experience on a Frog
Ranch in California—Growing Demand,

One of the most succesaful frog ranches
in California is owned and managed by
Mise Katherine Walsh. Like a good many
other people now living in the West, Miss
Walsh was forced to leave her native State
in the East bepause of ill health. Being
told tolive out of doors and forced by
necessity to earn her own living she decided
to raise froge for the market, and now not
only owns one of the most picturesque
ranches in Contra Costa county but sup-

ports in comfort her mother and thé two.

children of a dead sister.

“The net profit of my froggeries for laa

year was something over $1,900." Miss
Walsh told the reporter. “I sold three
thousand dozen frog legs in San,Francisco
and that was the amount cleared, They
were all shipped alive to hotels and restau-
rants and the price received was from $1
to $8 a dozen. Of course the price of frog
legs, like that of every other variety of game,
depends on the size and the season.

“The native green frog of California is
very small, and while the legs are delicious
in taste they bring much less money than
when the native frog is crqssed with the
large Eastern frog. According to epicures
the very best frog for the table is the cross
between the California and the Florida
species. With carefully selected stock this
cross produces exceptionally handsome
frogs and so deliciously flavored as to put to
blush the finest Parisian product,

“My froggeries cover ten acres of land
and are four in number besides the small
pools where the tadpoles are kept until
they are large enough to be put with their
older relatives., Yes, it is absolutely neces-
sary to keep them divided according to
size, as frogs are about the most cheerful
cannibale-one couldimagine. . ‘

“Anything of his own kind from a tad-
pole up is fair game for, a large frog that
can catch and swallow it. They are not at
all particular about being able to swallow
it at one gulp either. Indeed they are per-
feotly content, if they can get a portion of
their victim within reach of the digestive
fluids, to sit placidly with a part hanging
out of their mouth until room has béen
made for it inside.

“In spite of every precaution the large
frogs will sometimes get out. When they
do it seems that instinct leads them di-
rectly to the tadpole pools. In the morn-

ing the runaway frog is found wearing a
placid amile of contentment, unmistakable
evidence that a sufficiency of tadpoles have

been stored away by him. '

“I now have all my ponds and pools sur-
rounded by close board fenoes three feet
in height. No, the frogs cannot jump so
high, but if by chance a broom, a garden
utensil or even a broken branch is left
leaning against the fence the frogs seem
to discover it in some miraculous manner,
and at once,'using it as a gangplank, set out
to see the world.

“They are great travellers by nature,
and soon after moving my stock to this
place I had an amusing experience. As it
was not possible to have banks about my
first froggeries, I had fences built, but
when I bought this ranch, as all the ponds
had high banks I thought there would be
no necessity for the fences. ‘

“A few days after we moved in I was
awakened early one morning by the gar-
dener agd invited to come out and look at
the frogs. It seemed as if the whole place
was covered with them. They had climbed
the banks and were off on their travels.
We were kept busy the entire morning
sweeping them up with brooms and dust-
‘pans and dumping them back into the
ponds where they belonged.

“The pools for my tadpoles are never
more than a,foot deep and have cement
covered bottoms. ‘Phe frog ponds are
deeper and the bottoms are covered with
mud, in which the frogs bury themselves
during the winter.

“All my pools and ponds are so perfectly
drained that an overflow is quite impossible,
and in case it becomes necessary all the
water can be let off within'a few minutes.
They are all, ponds and pools, covered
with a green lacework of algw so thick
as to resemble one unbroken mass, but the
water under this growth is fresh.

 

 

A ROYAL ART SHOW,
Pictares of Old London Lent by King tos
Society an Empress Founded.

Lonpon, April 17.—Every year in the
height of the season some noted house in
London throws open its doors for an ex-
hibition of the works of the Royal Amateur
Society. This society originated during @
visit of the Empress Frederick, Queen Vic-
toria’s eldest daughter, to tha late Mrs.
William Lowther,

To interest her royal guest, who was a
lover of all thinge artistic, Mra, Lowther
arranged a, little show of paintings and
drawings executed by her friends. The
Empress was pleased and found ao much
merit in the works that she suggested that
such a show should be held annually. Mrs.
Lowther fell in with the idea and the out-
come is the present society, of which the
Queen is president and to which the King
lends some of hie art treasures.

This year the King has lent three frames
full of water color drawings of old London.

One represents Buckingham House as it
was in 1746 before it was rebuilt as Bucking-
ham Palace. Another, of about the sane
date, gives a view of St. James’é Palace
and the Mall looking east. A thifd shows
King street gate, Westminster, which was

 
  
 
 
   
   
    

demolished in 1728.

Besides these there are many rare and
interesting prints lent by various owners,
such as “The Trial of Warren Hastings in
Westminster Hall,” “The Opening of Par-
liament in the House of Lords by Queen
Elizabeth” and a coronation banquet of
one of the Georges, held in the Houses of
Parliament. All the prints relate te West-
minster, for this year the is

St, SUNDAY, AP

   
   
 
  
    
   
 
  
    
    
  
   
 
   
     
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

it quiok? t
sy ri grows outa

 
  

Ki ee Mek

  
 
 

Rt

ri ern

  

“Bo long as a frog remains at home he
does not need to be fed at all as he forages for
himeelf and gets all that he can digest from
{insects and from the spawn and young fish
found in the bottom of bis pond. The tad-
pole e¢ems to prefer a vegetable diet and
gete his chief dish f the algw. It is

not erally known that frogs have teeth
ih A oy jaw and that the tadpole's

up
. beak in almost as sharp as the bill
: properly cared for, which so far
as Y have been able to learn consists in

peoples the frog in one pond, a frog pro-
rom 6,000 to 8,000 eggs a season,
Of thie number about three-fourths oan
nted on to reach maturity.

eggs firet appear on the surface of
ater as a sticky scum, large clusters
of them being gathered together within a
latinous envelope. If you take the
uble to watoh you will see this mass
Pp tly rate into individual eee.
which turn black as they increase in size.
“When the little polly won at last emerges
he has gills that supply him with the air

ey for his health and comfort: with-
jubling him to come to the su

this Nis food is. the fallyiike
8 ®
i) that fas enve him,
" r the little fellow loses his. gills
Tust come to the surface every once
in a while for air. His tail serves both as a
rudder and a propeller, iand if it should
pped off by one of the numerous
les that seem to beset all pollywogs
—.

ts older it loses its tail and its
begin to sprout, first the hind legs
and then those in front. When they are of
sufficient size I skim them up with a long
handiéd dip and put them with their larger
ert ‘cou it is not possible f to d

course it is not possible for me 0
all the work, but I always manage to catch
most of the frogs for shipping. When an
order es in I put on rubber boots, short
skirt and a jumper and go to work,

“When possible this work is done at night
with a lantern and a large reflector in a boat.
As the boat is pushed from place to place
the light is thrown on the water and the
inquisitive frogs"come up.

They are very quick and it requires no
little skill to be a good frog catcher. The
chief secret is in putting the net over in-
stead of under the frog and letting him
jump into it. The inexperienced catcher
will invariably slip the net under the frog
and of course he is always in the act of
jumping, 80 out he goes.

“On every frog ranch I believe it is the
custom to play this practical joke on the
tenderfoot who comes to the ranch longing
to catch a few frogs. Last summer while
a party of friends ygre visiting me one of
my best customers from San Francisco
came outto see my ranch. He proposed a
frog dinner and [ readily agreed provided
he would catch the frogs.

“He was delighted with the idea and set
out in the.boat with a net while my friends
and I remained under the trees on the bank
to look on. It was nice and cool in the
shade, but on the water I knew from gx-
perience that the sun was uncomfortably
warm.

“There was an abundance of frogs in sight
and that man worked hard, but at the end
of two hours he hadn't landed one. Ob-
servation didn't seem to teach dim a thing.
At every try we watched that net go under
instead of over the frog.

“One of my friends declared that the
frogs enjoyed the exercise and often game
back to do it over again. Thinking two
hours was long enough,I took his place
and in ten minutes had two dozen fine big
fellows. Though we had the frog dinner
he didn't have the satisfaction of saying
he had caught them.

“When the frogs bury themselves in the
muddy bottoms of the ponds the only thing
to do is to drain off the water and go after
them. That ia the way we have to do
when we are changing them, putting the
young ones when they grow to a sufficient
size with their older relatives,

“When frogs are to be shipped to any
great distance they must be put in barrels
with plenty of green moss and the water
changed daily hey must be fed of course,
and the best food so far as I have discovered
is oatmeal! &nd liver or oatmeal and dried
|

blood,
“In this way I have chioped frogs entirely
across the continent wittmlittie, almost no
loss. Unless my memory fails me I think
the death rate was about two to the hun-
dred, A frog's natural life is about twelve
years, and as | was not sure about the age
of each individual of that shipment it may
have been that those two had reached the
natural! length of their days.

*I look upon frog raising as an ideal
occupation for women who are fond of
out of door life. I should advise them,
however, to begin on a small scale and
learn the business for themselves, trusting
as little as possible to employees, °

“So far as my own experience goes I have
always had demands for a dozen times as
many frogs as I could worry. The de-
mand is increasing in spite of the fact that
new wrogasries have been started up all
arou me and all are making money.
Once the ponds are made and stocked the
expense of raising the frogs doesn't amount
to a dollar a year outside of keeping the
fences in order and changing the little
ones as they increase in size,

“So far as handling them, there is abso-
lutely nothing to which the most fastidious
could object. ‘They are beautifully «lean
little creatures and perfectly harmless.”

 

 

 

 

held in the Speaker's House, whieh forms
part of the Houses of Parliament. *

It is well worth the entrance fee of one
shilling to see this house with the beautiful
Gothio architecture of the ceilings, the old
stained glass windows of the corridors and |
the carved oak panelling in the reception |
rooms, with their view of the Thames and
the terrace of the House of Commons, It
is a rare opportunity for foreigners, for any-
body is admitted on production of the neces- |
sary coin, and visitors can acquire for a
small sum pictures painted by duchesses,
lords and other aristocratic persons who |

ee

      

  

rT TIRES” MRS. RUBBERINO

THE WAY WOMEN SHOW OFF
THEIR NEW POSSESSIONS.

Bat She Knows How to Treat People Who
Call on Her to Brag of Their New Hate
ang Motor Boats and Bungalows—One
Such Visiter Retreats in Confusion.

“How pretty your hat is,” eostatically ex-
claimed Mrs. Rubberino to her visitor.
“Did you make it yourself, my dear? Oh,
no, of course you didn't-—what a foolish
question!

“Somehow, I always get you confused
with Mrs, Nolags—you know she was’ a
milliner before she was married, And you
were amanioure, were you not, darling—
or was it a typewriter? No? There I go
again—I do make such hideous mistakes!
I think my memory must be failing.

“But, my, your hat is so pretty! Of
course—well, perhaps those green bows at
the side are a trifle trying—green, bthink, is
a, somewhat difficult color for women whose
complexions are inclined to be—er—well, a
bit darkish and olive, you know, my dear—
although I am sure you look quite well,
barring a little thinddss—really, don’t you
think you walk down town a leetld too
much?—but, still, the green isn't the pre-
dominant color, and so the effect isn't so
bad as it might bé.

“Now, don't think I am picking you to
pieces, my dear, but, looking a second time,
it seems to me that your hat is just a teenchy
little bit too large for your face, You see,
you are nothing like so stout as you used to
be--naughty, naughty, you really ought to
be made to go to bed earlier instead of stay-
ing up until all hours of the night—and I
think—pull-ease don't thittk I am criticising
you, my dear—that your face really is a
trifle—well, | won't say drawn, but just
thin—for such a large hat, and maybe if
you'd curl the brim a little bit more—well,
anyhow, it's quite a pretty hat.

“Queer how atyles come back, isn't it?
Now, they were wearing hats just like
that about tén years ago, and here you
have one on your head now! It’s the only
one I've seen in ten years too, It certainty
is odd how styles do come back! *

*Mercy on us, my dear, where is your
emerald ring? Having it cleaned? Well,
well, I am glad to hear that. It gave me
quite a turn to miss it, You take your
rings to the jeweller to have them cleaned,
then? Isn't that rather unusual? I sup-
pose I am terribly old fashioned, but I
always clean mine with a, little diluted
ammonia, you know.

“Oh, by the way, speaking of emeralds,
have you been reading lately, my dear,
that there really are very few genuine
emeralds? I read an article the other
day, written bya gem expert, in which
he said that nineteen out of twenty of the
emeralds we see nowadays ave really bogus.
These smart people are always saying
such disquieting things, bren't they? But
I wouldn't care one bit, my dear, because
your green stone is awfully pretty, andd
guess it’s just as likely to be an emerald
as not, don't you think?

“But, talking about jewelry, you'd die
laughing at that flighty-—-I hope she's no
worse than flighty, I do indeed—Mra,
Gitbye in the apartment on this floor across
the court. That woman positively prides
herself on being in hock nearly all the time.
That's what éhe calla it—being in hock;
did you ever hear of anything so hope-
lessly vulgar? n!

“She has several quite pretty rings and
a nice brooch, and I suppose she: has them
to wear just about two weeks} al) told,
in the year, The rest of the tim# they are
all in the pawnshop, Pay

“She says.so. herself, my dear. Tells
everybody. Just as bold as brass.about it.
Tries to put a funny twist on it. She ao~
tually seems to think that it’s
to laugh about. Did you ever hear of
anything so brazen, so ridiculously com-’
mon, in all your born days, my dear?

“Only yesterday she came ewishing in
here with oh! the noisiest spring outfit
I ever saw in my life—everything to match,
dress, hat, shoes and gloves; the. m
frightfully actressy lookiag lot. of oa
from her head to her feet that you can,
imagine. And ghe was emiling all over
her face,

“'Well, don't I look like the candy?”
she asked me in that horrid soubretty way
of hers as she ewished and turned around
to give me a view of her, ‘I was
bound to have one decent set of rags if I
never got another,’ she went on, grinning

 

 

 

section differs from the loan section and the
gift section inasmuch as those who con-
tribute cannot be called amateurs in the
strictest sense of the word. Many beauti-
ful apecimens of bookbinding, embroidery.
and enamel work are shown.

One of the chief attractions of the Speak-
er's House must be mentioned. It is the
series of portraite, all painted by famous
artists, of the Speakers of the House of
Commons, It begins with a portrait of
Sir Thomas More by Holbein and ends with
a portrait of the Hon James Lowther, the
present Speaker, by Laszlo,

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

   

ST JAMES S PALACE ANDO TNE. MALL LOOWING EAST. 7741, (8 J.MAURER)

 

are members of the society and give their ,

artistio efforts to be sold for the benefit of
certain charitable institutions.

These institutions, the Westminster Hos-
pital Fund, the East London Nursing Society
and the Parochial! Mission Women’s Asso-
elation, also receive the money taken for
the admittance of visitors to the exhibition
and a percentage on the sales of all work
disposed of in the handicraft section. This

iste se
ROT
Lash 6)

pe ee pe

  
    

 
   
 
       

  

, "2 ox
agit NL
fee rhe. f re

Wa

A

    

       
    

-}

   

as if }t was thé funniest thing in the world,
‘and bo, as usual, I haven't got any more
rings than a snowbird,’ and sbe showed
me her hands.

“The only ring she had’on was her wed-
ding ring. ‘In hook again up to my eye
brows,’ she rattled on, ‘but I don’t care
—I don't care—I den't care—I had the
wearing of my rings for four whole days
this last time and that ought to be long
enough for anykody, hadn't it?”

“Oh, by the way, my dear, do tell me
about that bungalow you're going to take
for the summer down on, Long Island. , It's
quite an idea, isn't it? You are really
going to camp out? Well, it is camping
out, isn’t it, living in one of those little
all ready furnished Long Island bunga-
lows? ’

“Oh, the cottage you are taking ie quite
a large one, with nine rooms and a
and all that? Why, I thought a bungalow
was just a little wickerish or bambooey
sort/of place, not much more than a tent,
really, where folks just went back to fivet
pringiples and did their own work and sort
of sat around like cave dwellers. That's
the way the Nixstyles’ bungalow seenied
to me, anyhow. ’

"Yes, they called theirs a bungalow too
Bungalow always sounds so cute and In-
diany, and all that, I suppose that's the
reason 60 many folks use the word. Oh,
yes, I remember now that they told us that
the bungalow they had engaged had nine
rooms and a bath and all that, and to hoar

‘them tell about it you'd have thought it

was a pérfect palace.

“Well, along toward the end of the summer
my husband and I happened to be visiting
some people near them, and I made J
take me to the Nixstyles’ bungalow. You
geo, my. dear, I had ry suspicions all along
about that bragged about bungalow of
theirs, We found their bungelow, and you
never saw two such sheepish looking folke
in your lives as the Nixstyles were when we
came upon them.

"Really, I hate to aay it, but they were liv-
ing for all the world like pigs. Their bunga-
low, that they had been eo braggy about—
yes, I am perfectly sure now that they'd
said before we saw it that it had nine rooms
and a bath—why, it was nothing but an old
shack, my dear, a perfect shanty, open to
all the winds of heaven; a regular squatter's
shanty right on the edge of the water.

“The Nixstyles were as dark as Indians,
and they put a brave face on it afte? a bit
and tried to make us believe they were hav-
ing a grand time in their bungalow and pre-
tended to want us to stay to dinner and all
that, but, my dear, | couldn't have eaten
in such a dreadful place to save my life,
although of course I didn’t tell the poor
creatures that. So that’s my only experi-
ence with a bungalow—the only one that I
ever actually came upon, that is.

“So, my dear, when I heard the other
day that you were going to take a bunga-
low for the summer I couldn't help but
think—oh, of course, I know very well that
your place is going to be really pretty and
nice, but then you know how one gathers
ideas from what one has seen, and——

“Oh, by the way, my dear, is it true that
your husband has bought a motor boat?
Somebody was telling me that too. Did
1 understand aright--he got it at auction,
or second hand, or something, didn’t he?
No? New? ‘
“Oh, I was thinking about the Fonerses
buying their library furniture second hand
and then pretending that it was brand
new—that's how 1 got that foolish idea,
I délare, 1 am getting things frightfully
mixed lately.

“And so you'll have a motor boat to step
into from your bungalow? Really, aren't
you d of the things, dear? . You know
they’ blew up if you just look at them, We
knew ‘éome people down at Staten Island,
@ feally nice couple, who were burned posi-
tively to a crisp when their motor boat er-
ploded. Oh, yes, I suppose they are mak-
ing improvements in motor boats and

ings all the time and lessening the danger,

ut ‘deed I think people take awful chances
in order to get a little amusement, really,
pow | do.

“Exouse me, my dear, but one of your
rats is showing through your front hair.
There, now, I've sort of covered it up, Er—
isn't your hair coming out rather rapidly,
darling? No? Maybe it’s only imagination
on my part. ‘

*It seems rather Jess plentiful to me than
it used to be. And sort of dry, too. Don’t
you use anything on it far that dryness?
You know one finds as one becomes older
that the hair is bound to become dry and‘
brittle. But I understand there are some
thfngs that can be put on to take that hard,
dry look out of the hair. Kerosene oil,
they say, is as good as anything, but I
think— :

“Must you go, my dear? I was hoping
you would make me a little visit thie time,
The next time you really must have lunch-
eon with me. I do so feel for you, my dear,
on ‘account of those vegetarian ideas of
your husband—really, 1 don't see how you
manage to get*enough to eat, for I suppose
he insists upon your following his vege-
tarian ideas. No? .

“Well, good-by, precious. Now don't
neglect to get something for your hair

| before it all comes out. Good-by.”

(After visitor's departure):

“Well, I suppose maybe that made up
cat won't be calling me Mrs. Stingington
from now on, and glad of it! Bunga-
lows, motor boate and all that piffie, and
coming here to strut around in her new
things just to make me jealous—ha, ha, ha!
I'll bet she's just raging at me now, and
I'm gladdy, gladdy igladdy!"

MR. PENGUIN'S TROUBLES,
———-@ .
Or the Tronbles That He Weuld Have if He
Should Let Things Distarhb Him.

*If I were not naturally a person of pro-
foundiy tranquil temperament,” said Mr.
Penguin, “there are some things that would
disturb me enormously, and one of these
is the perversity of some people in their
manner of writing and of answering letters.
For ingtance:

“About some matter in which we are
mutually interested a man writes me a letter
in which some vital proposition is set forth
vaguely; he understands about it or thinks
he does, and the popaneee as he sete it
forth seems all rig t to him, because as he
writes he mixes in along the knowledge
he has in his mind but which he does not

put down on pe.

“But ahen that comes to me I don't under-
stand it use I don’t know what he was
thinking about besities what he actually
we and so I hy i.

“In yours of such a date you say so-
and-so and so-and-so and eo-aidae. fra
will you please answer this question?’

_“And then I write a perfectly plain ques-
tion which requires simply a plain answer,
but do I get \ Perhaps ¥ do and germane
I don't, | may get a repetition of the origi-
nal vi enene oF? May Get BO enewer
a plain question at all, mY conreapondent
sont "rl the fropediton wae plats Gascek

nt of the proposition was
ang vos a can ee needed

“It was p to him and why shouldn’t
it be to me? Ando, it may be, he ignores
A question entirely and on
a > sosnesning Os: and thee I ve to
go ahead and fix the matter up the best
way | oan acoording to what I think is rea-
wre this ip one of the th

. is is one o' {i that dis
me, the obscurity and ree of _
respondents; or, rather, I mean that would
disturb me if I were not a person of such
profoundly tranquil temperment,"

 

=o Fh
cca eaaetnitlineinenneaiiiasnnninatienlliiaenannneese

  
   

IBR’BR RABBITS COUSIN

NAKAMI YE NGARAGANZA FOOLS
THE AFRICAN FARMERS.

By His Cunning He Elades Their Attembts
te Unhole Him and Incidentally Puts
it All Over the Giraffe and the Ele
phant and Getg Away With It Neatly,

Pare Capua of the Péres Blancs has dis-
covered far over in eastern Africa ‘among
the Basumbwa people, in whose country
lies hie missian station of Ushirombo, a
new and still more remote home for those
nature myths of the Africans in which
the wise and clever rabbit plays #0 great 4
part. Uncle Remus found them in the
quarters in Géorgia and gave them their
first ourrency outside the fireside of the
negro cabin. Miss Cronise found them
among thé Temne in Glerra Leone, but
the wise “beet” of her collection of legends
is a emall deer, no larger than a rabbit.

The best of all are the tales whioh Pére
Capus has collected, for in the Shisumbwa
legends the rabbit hero, Nakami ye Ngara-
ganza, sete his wits at work against the
man, and in the result it is not the rabbit
who is @ fool.

This story of the unholing of Nakami
is really a continuation of the tar baby.
It has already been told how Rabbit got
out of that scrape with the glue baby, to
which he stuck fast. (?

He wheedled the man into putting him
alive in a frying pan, and all the farmers
went.away to work their fields while he was
cooking, Iéaving @ sick boy to watoh him.
Rabbit hops out of the frying pan, pops the
boy over the fire and transforms himself
into his likeness,isores and all. Here fol-
lows the conoluston of the story.

The farmer and his frienda come back
from tilling the flelds, The Rabbit saya:
“Your meat is done. But none of it for me;
pray cook me some bean soup, your meat
smells rank.”

fo the mother saya to hint: “What
Aren't you going to have some ofthe meas,
my son?”

The Rabbit says to her: “It amelis too
loud for me.”

The mother got the bean soup ready,
She cooked it. They poured water on the
fire. They had boiled sorghum to eas,
He went out to eat his bean soup in front
of the house. They called to im fo come
eat with the family. He refused. They
made a noise in crunching the ends of the
bones.

He calledintothem: “It's yourown brat
you're crunohing.”

They said to him: “What's that you're
saying, child?”

His answer was: “The flies are nibbling
at my sore spote; that’s what I said.”

They finished their meal. And he gaid:
“I am going away.” He had the cheek to
add: *You have eaten your own brat.
But I~—I shall get away from you, I, the
Rabbit, I, Nakami ye Ngaraganza.”

The women fall to weeping. The men
set out in chase of the Rabbit. Just at the
moment when they are going to grab him
he ducks into a hole. One of the men
shoved his hand in after; he grasped the
Rabbit's tail.

The Rabbit called back at him in derision;
“It's a root you've.got, you missed my tall."

Then the man let got of the Rabbit's tail,
which he really did hold; he grabbed a root.
He pulled, and he pulled, and he pulled,
then he pulled out a big rootstook.:

And the Rabbit calls out to him: “You
lose!”

The famers say to dne of their party
“Stay you here to watch the Rabbit, we ara
going to look for some picks to hole him
out.” So they went away to look fdr the
picks.

But the Rabbit mumbled in the burrow
as if to himself: “So, there you are, the
man whom they have bidden to watch
the Rabbit. There you are, bugging your
eyes out at the burrow; I'll bet if the Rabbit
had tried to run out you'd have grabbed
him.”

The man overheard what the Rabbit
was saying to himself; he got right down
to the burrow and watched until his eyes
almost popped out. The Rabbit rolled up
a lot of dust; he kicked it full into the man's
eyes; he dodged out immediately, The
man groped with his hands to block up
the burrow, but the Rabbit had stolen
away.

Then the other farmers come back and
they ask him, “Is he there?”

The watchman replies: “He's kicked
my eyes full of sand, but perhaps he’s in
there yet.”

The other farmers also thought he might
atill be in the burrow. They dug away with
their picks. A moment later the Rabbit
comes strolling up, he says to one of the men:
“What's that you're digging there, fellows?”

The farmer replies, “We're holing out
the Rabbit.”

Nakami, too, he would dig to help them,
he makes the dirt fly, he wrenches the
handle out of his pick, it now lacks a handle.
So he calls out, “Here, you, Master Giraffa-
son, give us your leg to handle this pick
again!”

He handled the pick) with the giraffe's leg:
he broke the leg off, then he ran away, ht
he called back to them, “It is L, Nakami, the
Rabbit.” ,

Off they start in pursuit of him. This time
he runs for shelters into the mouth of a
white ante’ nest. Onoe more they have a
digging job. But the Rabbit strolls out
through another orifice which they had not
thought to look for. He takes a turn around
and joins the farmers in the guise of a little
Mwirwana.

“What are you digging?” he asked «
farmer.

“We're holing out
man's reply.

“Give me a pick and I'll help you,” he said.

He dug and dug until the head of the pick
flew off the handle. Sohecalled out: “Here
you, Master Etephant, stick out that big
head of yours so that we can set the bead of
this pick back again on its helve.”

He helved the pick on the elephant's head,
and he did it so hard that the elepbant’s
head cracked open.

Resuming his own shape he scuttled off,
calling back to them: “Rabbit am I, Nak-
ami, and I will exterminate you!”

At that the farmers were just about ready
to give up, and they said to one another:
“We are tired out, and those who would
have hélped us, there they lie slain. I<
us stop.” So they stopped and went back
to théir own people.

— ee
_

Nakami,” was the

 

Chinese Doctor's Prescription. F °
From the Waehington Star.

The brilliant Chinese Ambassador, Wu
Ting-fang,,; was recounting to a group of
oorrespondents—but not for publication—his
view of a certain selfish politician.

“In short,” said Mr. Wu, “the man reminds
me of a doctor of Shanghal.

“A mandarin came to this doctor for advice
He could not sleep, had no appetite, suffered
@ good dea! from depression. and nevertheless

‘was taking on fat at an alarming rate.

“*We'll soon put you in condition again,’
sald the physician. ‘What you need is exer
clse—good, hard exercise. Four times 4
week you can come here and put in the mor"
ing polishing my floors.’

* ‘But why not my own floors” the man-
darin inquired.

. 2 ‘Mine,’ said the physician,/are ierger.'3