NEW LEADER OF SOCIRTY

FREDERICK TOWNSEND MARTIN
DIRECTOR OF THE, 2,000,

Pe Has Qualified as the Late Ward McAllis-
ter's Successor by Saving the Present
Social Season in New York From Fall-
ure-—New York Society as at Present
Consttuted and Qualifications for Ad-
mission Inf [t—International © Mare
riages and Other Interesting Topics.

Considering the fact that Frederick
Townsend Martin is for many reasons
the most talked of bachelor in New York
eciety, he is very modest and retiring

withal

|

|
|

 

|
|

He shrinks, positively shrinks, from the |

{dea of being intarviewed, and deprecates | troubles.
formulating his opinions in any way which | “Can't you do something to brighten us

seems to convey the impression of pre-
meditation and egotism. What he has
learned about society has been acquired in
the natural course of events, through keen
observation and an ever present sympathy,
and he has never thought of himself as a
successor to the late Ward MoAllister, or
in fact a# @ Successor to anybody. Neither
has he considered himself an arbiter of
morals, Manners and custome.

Kut the fact remains that, like Byron, he

 

   

THE CHASE “OF SOCIETY.

woke to find himself famous, The account |
ef the afternoon reception where Mrs.
George Gould, Mrs. Frances Pruyn and
Kyrlc Bellew rendered a playlet was copied
in a St. Petersburg newspaper. Gen.
Horace Porter, commenting on that same

 

 

function, asserted that in all his ecoal |

carecr he had never seen an audience of
greater brilliancy and interest, A
plomatist in Washington remarked to Mr.
Martin recently that Washington society,
ever keenly alive to New York's doings,
had kept its eyes very wide open in his
direotion, and that it was the consensus

di-
| it almost seems at times as if hundreds of

| decades.

there that the Manhattan functions for |
which he had stood sponsor had been the |

most noteworthy in a season that began

under a cloud of financial troubles which |

threatened for a time to cast a gloom over
the merrymakings of the winter.

The three most noteworthy of these func- |

tions were the Gould tea, as Mr.
denominates it, held in the ballroom of the
Plaza; the reception to the Duchess d'Uzes,
where Mrs. Beerbohim Tree recited Kipling,
and another afternoon where Elinor Glyn,
Billie Bhurke and Bishop Potter shared the
attention of the gueste. These have been

Martin |

supplemented by a number of very smart |

\jttle dinners and evenings where he has
played the part of host to some special set
or in honor of some visiting celebrity.

Mr. Martin is the brother of Bradley Mar-

tin and carne with him to New York from |

Albany when ho was seventeen.
same dirodt sunplicity in speaking of his
age that he has in approaching other timely
subjecta and refers to it to prove his fit-
ness, having begun his social career under
the older régime of New York society which
was catalogued by the late Ward Mc.l-
lister as the 400, a term which, it is said,
he used unpremeditatedly, noting the
nunber of supper bills at each recurrent
subscription dance. The 400 has enlarged
to such an extent new that Mr. Martin
mentions 2,000 as being a closer and more
accurato rating.

Whon the successor to that same Mr
McAllister—if rumor may be believed—is
run to earth at the Plaza, where he lives

He has the |

when in New York, he tries to dodge the |

seriousness of the occasion, looks appalled
at (le array of sketch and note pads and
hurriedly leads the reporter and the artist
upstaira to seo somo portraits of Mrs. Les-
lie Cotton's. jast being packed for ship-
ment Ile selects hat of Lady Cunard as
the most notable and exclaims that it is
A portrait that we may well be proud to
show succeeding generations as a type of
the falrest women of the day. Mr. Martin
shows himself a connoisseur of other sub-
Jects besides social happenings, as he points
out the garlands of pink roses on the com
tage, the one pink rose in her hair, the fact
that “roses are her cheeks and a rose her
mouth.”

While pointing out these graces of Lady
Cunard Mr. Martin is’ eager to say that
he considers Amerfean women the most
beautiful, charming and intelligent in the
world, and then in a quiet corner he says
some interesting things about the society
that has been formed by them and about
them, always remembering every few mo-
ments tocall attention to the fact that he is
not really being interviewed and to exact all
sorts of promises, which are religiously
kept, for the most interesting critcisms
and stories anent the little jealousies, weak -
nesses and foibles of society are not lightly
to be repeated.

The momentary substitution of the work
of Mrs. Leslie Cotton for his own words
is brought about by the very evident ad-
miration Mr. Martin has for talent, no matter
in what form it may be expressed. Miss
Ethel Barrymore said that she considered
the immense number of friends Mr. Martin
had in the social world a very remarkable
tribute to his diplomatic qualities, but this
number was not more eurprising than the
tumber of artistic and literary friends he
could bring about him when he desired.
At one of Mr, Martin's recepttons 1,200 in-
Vitations were sent out and 1,100 guests
responded with acceptances and appear-
ances, among them docial leaders, dramatio
and operatic stars, writers, painters, mu-
6iclans,

It would not be possible, so it is learned,
for a nan to have the leisure to devote to
the manifold claims of society unless his
lines were cast in comparatively easy cir-
cumstances and there were no strenuous
business demands to interfere with the best
laid plans, Although he has recently been
elected a trustee of the Metropolitan Trust
Company at 49 Wall street in place of the
late Morris K. Jesup, Mr. Martin does not
have to epend more then a couple of hours
& day on duty, and even that routine does
hot interfere with the routine of his life,
which has for years been spent on both
sides the ocean.

He goes each year to Paris in May for
the season there, thence to London, where
he also takes in the season's gayeties. On
August 8 he goes to the hunting lodge of
his brother in Scotland, where he remains

—_—_—_————————

    

until his return to New York and the soolal
happenings here.

In February and March he visits Palm
Beach and keeps'in touch with the doings
of a social nature in America's Riviera,
This itinerary does not include Newport,
and the social iife there Mr, Martin says he
is absolutely unacquainted with. His cos-
mopolitan life,the fact that his acquaintance
list is as large in London and in Paris as itis

 

in NewYork,and the constant round of revels
he follows from one city to another, have
given him opportunity to gain that ex-
perience of social comploxities which seems
to point him out as a very worthy successor
to the one time director of New York's
society.

When he came back to New York last
autumn Mr. Martijn found all his friends
settling down apparently to a winter of
discontent brought about by the financial
One afte# another said to him,

 

 

‘up a bit?” knowing that he had plenty of |
lefeure, was unhampered by domestic ties
and had an acquaintance big enough to
warrant his doing things on a big scale.
It was no mean task that he undertook,
not only to attend to the thousand and ene
details necessary to make a success of any
entertainment but also to inject into a
soviety that saw nothing of interest ahead
a certain enthusiastic appreciation toward |
his undertakings

|

“il
{

 

“If you insist upon quoting me,” eays
| Mr. Martin, “please make it very emphatic |
that I did what I did merely because I}
wanted to give people a good time, to stir
them up, and that I had actually nothing |
to lose and nothing to gain further than |
that.”

Mr. Martin goes on to say that soc ints |
has changed so during his experience that |

years must have elapsed instead of merely
It was only a few years ago
that New York society was composed of |
one large set and everybody was either |
“in” or “out”; there was no such thing as
different sets, each forming an exclusive
combination,

But that time has gone by. New York |
society cannot any longer be controlled by |
any one set. The city has grown too big;
it has too many new elements of force and
ambition contending for place.

Every year there is a new crop of débu-
tantes; every year the tide of people who

 

AT ONE OF MR. MARTIN'S TEAS,

 

have brought to New York their fortunes,
their talents'and their enthusiasms has
to be taken into account. New York,
socially considered, is the Rome toward
which all roads lead, and these roads are
constantly filled with elements that cannot
be ignored!

Every season the sets that have been
formed show certain changes. Some of
them grow larger, taking in a few who |
are mutually agreeable; others, on the |
contrary, grow smaller and still more ex-
clusive, refusing to fill places left vacant
by deaths or absences. Young *% married
couples form sets of their own and draw |
from those with which they have been
allied.

At present one could not recall in a
moment the many diffrent sets that are
included in that term New York society,
There is the A ee Brook crowd, with
which the Payne Whitneys and the Burdens
are affiliated; the artistic and literary, with |
Mrs. Clarence Mackay; the old Washington |
Square set, with the De Peysters, and the
Livingstons, the set of Mrs. Willie Sloane
and Mrs. Fish.

Mra. William Astor, Sr., kept in touch
with all the different seta and was able to
bring them together when she desired.
Mr. Martin has done this same thing him-
self this season and has shown what a
tremendously effective body society can
be made by the amalgamation of these
seta,and how easily it might become (lis-
integrated into cliques.

There has been a considerable con-
troversy in the magazines and elsewhere
as to who would beselected to fill the place
of social leader when Mrs. Astor withdrew
finally from active participation. Mr,

 

ee

 

 

 

     

Mantio.« absolutely refuses to be the Paris
awarding the apple of this distinction,
He laughs at the very idea of forming
himself into a committeeof arbitration, but
says that there are a score of women who
are wel) fitted for that post of vantage
and disadvantage, and could undoubtedly
by the mere raising of « finger turn the
tide of conjecture toward themselves if
they desired,

The truth ie that they do not desire the
onus of a position which is after all but a
mere empty honor and means to the con-
scientious a tremendous amount of work,
a constant exhibition of self-sacrifice and
a continual coping with the million com-
plexities and complications which would
have to be met and anawerad, The society
women of New York are all so busy now that
they have not time for the many demands
made on them,

Hexdoes not speak of the fact that he has
himself been slated for the post, but says
that he realized a little of the anormity of
the work this last season, and that for one
of his entertainments he devoted five entire
days, When he stood welcoming the rep-
resentatives of the many crowds he had
brought together some of them remarked
that he had done it so easily that he really
ought to do such things all the time.

To the fact that he is a bachelor Mr.
Martin attributes the possibility of his
| keeping in close touch with so many differ-
ent cliques and having for hig friends not
alone women who are socially prominent
but also those who are in professional life.
If he were married his wife, interested by
birth or selection with some special crowd,
would naturally draw him away from so
wide a range of acquaintance, He does not
believe it possible for any married man te
become a real leader in society and main-
tain the responsibilities and loyalties to
social tradition that would be necessary;
neither could this be done by a married
woman who had to take into consideration
the helping or ‘hindering of the financial
ambitions of her husband,

Mr. Martin also believes that there has
been in the past too great a tendency toward
belittling the provinde of society and that
there is great opportunity for some man
or woman keenly alive to the dignity of
place in the world to raise the social tone

| to such a height that what is done socially

in New York will be a keynote struck for the
whole world. It is true now that every
little hamlet in the United States looks to
New York as arbiter of manners and con-
ventions,

It should be so, for the people who make
up New York society are the pick of the
nation, those who have won place ip it by
some happy circumstance of birth or for-
tune or by their own efforts, and the leaders
of that society should remember that they
have a responsibility greater than merely
having a good time; that they should not, for
the sake of sensation, do anything that will
bring the shadow of. odium to their class,
Just as royalty has to bow to the rule of
noblesse oblige, so should society, and he
believes the time is coming when that feel-
ing will prevail to a much greater extent

| than it does at present

And money, according to this authority,
| has little to do with the admission into the
inner arcana, That a goodly share of that
root of all evil is necessary for a woman to
take her part in social doings with pro-
priety he admits, but that any one with
money can get into New York society has

 

Yee

 

been disproved so many times that it no
longer has to be discussed seriously.

‘The quality that is ncessary for success
primarily as a social leader, and even for ad-
mission into society in case one has not
been born thereto, is that hardly to be de-
fined word personality. If a woman or a
man possesses that ghe or he will go far
socially; without it the candidate can
scarcely scalo the first low wall of approach,

‘This is a fact that is a cause of wonder
not only to people who often get in but as
well to women who have been born and
brought up to social honors and see them
without any cause showered on some one
who at first glance does not seem to have
any special right to them. Lady Arthur
Paget one time called Mr. Martin's atten-
tion to some of the young women who had
made surprising successes in London so0-
ciety, comings comparatively unknown and
fairly taking people off their feet with the
excitement of their success, and the same
thing, Mr. Martin avers, is true of New
York society, which is in many ways much
more difictlt to get into than that of Lon-
don.

Here it frequently happens that a charm-
ing young woman will make an astounding
success, but it is due entirely to her own
magnetism, and try as she will she cannot
foist ang of her family--sisters, parents
or connections—on society, which will wel-
come her with enthusiasm and absolutely
refuse its favors to her kin. Very fre-
quently it happeng that these young women
are just as surprised at their own success
as anyone else could be, for it has come not

' THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 06,

 

LK

|

as areward of tremendous effort, constant |

wire pulling and sordid ambitions,
has been bestowed gladly and freely in
response to that peculiar attribute already
referred to which is as rare as genius and
which is recognized almost as generously
| by the world.

Not very long ago a charming young
woman came to Mr. Martin for his advice
on a subject whith was very important to
her, She was really beautiful and well
educated, was wealthy and had no dead
weight of underpirable family connections,

But ashe waainot content. She wanted
to get into soclety, not that of the smaller
cities or towns, not that of the suburbs
and Continental watering places, but the
only society in the world which she thought
worth an American's ambition—that of
New York's Four Hundred, for the old
term still prevails where she came from.

She wanted him to tel] her how to ao-
complish this, She was willing to spend
any amount of money, to make herself
agreeable to any and everybody, to do
anything that he would suggest, but she
did not know how to begin. It is a problem
that has puszzied many of her kind.

‘

  

but |

  

ASKING MR,

 

Mr. Martin's answer was characteris-
tically diplomatic, He
courteous phrases that the mere fact that
she thought she could get into society by
any such means proved that she was tem-
peramentally unsuitable and that he was
afraid she would never succeed, The
woman who wins is the woman who has an
extraordinary intuition of the right thing to
do and the right people to know, and does
not ask advice of first one and then the
other. She is a woman who goes right
ahead socially because there is something
in her that wins, and with a hundredth part
of the energy expended by others she makes
a social success in spite of envy, hatred,
malice and all uncharitableness.

Personality, as applied socially, is a quality,
it seems, that embraces all the lesser quali-
ties, especially tact.

*Tdct,” says Mr. Martin, “you must have
to make any kind of a social success, and
without it you certainly cannot be a social
leader. You must have yourself perfectly
well in hand, not occasionally, but all the
time.

“If you feel seedy you must not act seedy.
You must never lose your self-control.
You must forget and forgive. You must
not show indifference, resentment or for-
getfulness.

“You must not take your troubles either |
in your face or manner, and above all you
must feel kindly toward others, else the
artificial manner, no matter how well as-
sumed, will soon be recognized and your
labor will be lost. People are too acutely |
conscious of each other's atmosphere to be
deceived in the nervous strain of the life
we lead, and so your tact must be built up
from within, not from without.

“The tactful host is one that not only
makes the most humble guest feel that he
is of as great importance as the mbst cele-
brated but he is the host that really loses

sight of classes and distinctions and grades |

of success and for the time being only real-
izes that he is extending hospitality to
his friends.

“The guest who is tactful not only ap-
pears to enjoy himself and add his portion
of wit and grace to the function but really
is enjoying himself, having come there
with that determination, throwing aside
his worries and anxieties, animositiesa, and
the carping, critical spirit, feeling only
the compliment implied in his invitation
and conscious that on every guest devolves
a certain responsibility to make things go
with spirit.”

There is an old saying that Mr. Martin
quotes in this respect It is that interest
begets interest. You can't expect people
to be interested in you, he continues, unleas
you are interested in them. Occasionally
a man believes himself superior to this
law, but soon finds his mistake and that
the only way to keep a position once se-
cured is by eternal vigilance.

Some of the English women who visited
here this winter commented on the lack
of men at the various functions and called
attention to the fact that English’ women
were never confronted by such a situation.
According to Mr. Martin these guests
have not described the London society
that he knows. There the English man is
even more of a rara avis than the Ameri-
can, who at least has the excuse of busi-
neas to keep him oftentimes away.

“Tt is true,” says he, “that teas and balls |
are much frequented by beardless boys |
and gary haired men, but the eligible men,
the elder sons, it is almost impossible to
secure even for dinners, which is supposed |
to be the successful bait when everything |
else fails.

“These men are away 80 much of the time |
hunting, shooting, yachting or engaged |
in some special sport that they are rarely |
found in London drawing rooms, much to |
the disgust of the hostesses, who have tode- |
pend on the younger sons, who are very |
prevalent there during the season for ob-
vious reasons,

“A very clever Amorioan girl who married |
a man of title over there told me that when |
she first went into London society she was |
perfectly amazed to see women 80 attentive
to men, fairly waiting on them, a reversal of
the customs she had known, and that the
men accepted this attitude as a matter of
course.

*They have been brought up to that; it is
inherent, and it will take a good long time,
even with the help of the many Americans
who have married Englishmen, to bring |
about a change of manner. While the Now
York man is essentially a busy man he is
never too busy to look out for the comfort |
and conveniences of his wife, to pay her
those thousand little attentions to which she
has always been accustomed and without
which women are as unhappy as they are
without their personal luxuries.

“The American man is the finest in the
world, working hard to make his country
great, working hard to give his wife and
family all they need and more, They are
real noblemen in every sense of the word,” *

“Does that mean,” is ventured, “that you
do not approve of international marriages?”

Mr. Martin shakes his head at this and
again calls attention to the fact that he is
not to be Interviewed. His views are, how-
ever, that one cannot generalize on this
subject, he least of all whose niece, Lady
Craven, has made one of these much dis-
cussed matches, but that each must be
judged on ite merite,and that there are

 

b ve reer «

 

informed her |

1908,

 

MARTIN HOW TO GET INTO SOCIETY,

 

just as many happy ones as there are un- |

happy ones
The young American girl is perhaps

OS

 

too apt to be carried away by the more |

spectacular effect of court life and the
appeal to her artistic and msthetic tastes,
which are catered to so much more evi-
dently on the other side. The final
result of these international marriages
will be the production of the finest race
of people in the world, combining the
hest of two nations, for it is well known
that the nation that has not intermarried
with others becomes in time deteriorated,
while on the contrary the infusion of foreign
blood in every race strengthens it tre-
mendously,
His own entertaining thia winter has
been done at the Plaza as a matter of con-
| venience, and it is Mr. Martin's opinion
| that entertaining on a large scale will in
the future have to be done at some of the
| big hotels that have taken this need into
consideration, have tremendous ballrooms,
with adjoining suites of salons and dressing
rooms, and furnish all the privacy of a
| private house.
But that does not mean that the haspi-
tality of the roof tree will be done away
| with, for that is after all the supreme compli-
| ment, and all the entertaining of note that
has heen done among the various sets
| has been done in private houses and will
continue to be. Even the biggest ballrooms

!

1

aha Hea nd Ms i ‘ a et 7 sal
dardania 1 OE ATT CE IO ABEL APE! GIES EE LIER OIE”

perfect comfort ancl hygienic safety.
nant palpable of these fraucs.
Because dealers always get a larger profit on an imitation than on the genuine article.
policy gives dealers a fair profit, and we put the value into material and making—your gain,
That this policy is correct, and ovr statements accurate, is shown by the fact that the demand Jor
Nemo Self-Keducing Corsets has doubled during the last twelve months and is now growing faster than ever,

NEMO CORSETS are sold in all GOOD STORES throughout the World

KOPS BROS., Manulfecturers, Crener Fourth Avenue and 12th Street, New York
ARAMA Iie Sp DO ATE Padi emt rows ARO ee EN

in the private mansions rarely accommodate
over 500, Mre. Astor's famous room being
well filled with 700 guests, so that when the
number runs into the thousands, as it does
when sete combine, the hotel must be re-
sorted to,

Asked, finally, if he finds in this chosen
cirole of men and women called society
any greater happiness than is discernible
in other classes and other conditions of
life, Mr. Martin does not pause to say that
he must not be interviewed, but states
frankly and freely that the majority of
people whom he knows are very unhappy
and that the cause of this unhappiness is the
mad rush for excitement: -a hunt which takes
them away from the only true happiness
of life, that found at one’s own fireside;
a hunt that is especially sad because once
engaged in it there is no return to that
fireside, only a madder, wilder rush toward
a goal which lures like a will o’ the wisp and
is never reached.

ROMANCES OF J AU STRALIAN MINES

Discovery of the ‘Rich Coolgardie—Unsuc
cessful Prospectors’ Find.

From Tit-Bita,

In the history of gold digging and gold
finding many @ romantic and tragic atory
isto befound. Few f these stories, however,
possess More interest than that of how the
famous Coolgardie mines, in' Western Aus-
tralia, were discovered in 1802—mines which
have since yielded millions of pounds worth
of gold, Luck played a great part in the
discovery, but it was the reward of per-
severance

In April, 1892, two Victorian miners named
Bayley and Ford struck out for the northeast
of Australia, but after traversing 250 miles
they lost their horses and had to turn back,
Equipped with fresh horses, they started
again on what proved to be a long, tedious
and futile journey, for once more they were
forced to turn back~this time for want of
water. The third attempt won them fame
and fortune

First they found that which to them was
more precious than gold~namely, water,
They found a natural well, known to the
scattered tribes of that far away country as
“Coolgard®.” Pitching their camp beside
the well they turned their horses out to feed
and started prospecting the country around,
Ford picked up a half ounce nugget and
before night they had gathered in over twenty
ounces of gold. Two or three weeks more
surface prospecting was rewarded with over
two hundred ounces. By this time food

supplies had given out, so keeping their own |

counsel concerning their discoveries, the
returned to civilization, laid in a fresh stock
of provisions and hastened back to their El
Dorado

Within a few “days of their return they
happened upon the reef that made Cool-
gardi Beginning with a “slug” weighing
50 ounces, they picked out from a can of that
reef in a few hours upward of 500 ounces
of gold. Bayley, carrying 554 ounces of
gold, journeyed back to the nearest mining
town, exhibited his find to the mining warden,
put inaclaim for a lease of the land on which
this marvellous discovery had been made and
hurried off to the field again with a party that
numbered 150 men, besides coaches and
horses and al! the paraphernalia of pros-
pecting and camping, In their wake in
course of time came gold seekers in hundreds
and thousands, From Bayley and Ford's
mine there was taken in the first nine years
of its history 134,000 ounces of gold, valued
at £530,000

Almost as sensational. as Coolgardie were
the Londonderry and Wealth of Nations
“finds.” The Londonderry was discovered
by a party of unsuccessful prospectors on
their way back to Coolgardie. Two of them
picked % some rich gold bearing specimens,
After a brief search the outcrop of a reef
was exposed, from which in the course of a
few days they took out from 4,000 to 5,000
ounces of gol From the cap of the Wealth
of Nations reef gold to the value of £20,000
was secured in a few days

a graceful, sha
When you

domen into

graceful lines,

port;

 

nesses of material.
this assures long wear.

when she is standing.

Why?

   
   
     
   
   
 
 
  
   
   
  
 

. “Buy t the gemaine |

Seems Nine

F | Accep‘ No Substitute ! |

The phenomenal success of the Nemo Self-Reduc«
ing Corset }:: « produced a hordo of servile imitators,
Our patents cannot be infringed—therefore the imita-
tiohs are worthless; but the name, illustrations and
descriptions are so closely copied that many women

Mm may be do aded into buyi ing an imitation under the
impression that it isa genuine Nemo,

The purpose of this *
wearers from being duped; a
who are wearing a “stout woman 8” corset for the first
time from losing faith in the

ly form,

vuy @ “reducing” corset, be sure that
the one you select has the following patented and
exciusive Nemo features, without which it is tm-
possible to reduce your abdomen with comfort:

Nemo Self-Reducing Strap Firmly affixed to the
LLL ENT TTC aS

thus producing positive reduction of. the ab-,
permanent lines of grace. This most.
essential feature cannot be successfully imitated,

Nemo Relief Strap Perfectly supports the abdo- rf:

 

sense of comfort; conforms the figure into
Imitators have not even al-
tempted to copy this device,

~ Double Garter Attachment Represses the flesh
LL | EE oe Re TN cemee A

wise bulge out below the corset,
p:rfectly smooth effect,
vut the ‘Self-Reducing” Strap; ‘therefore, aid IR
imitations are entirely valueless.

Gradeated Front Steel Broad and rigid at the

 

tapering gradually to the top,
comfort and ease in breathing. *

aie «« TriplesStrip” The ‘‘pocket” of every bone and
steel is protected by three thick-
Bones and atecls can't eut through—
Patented—no imitation possible,

Nemo Flatning.Back Shown in several 1908 models,
ees gives ® stout woman the new “fig-
ure; and she's just as comfortable when she is seated as

Buy No Corset that Lacks Any One of
These Essential Features

Every corset dealer knows that the Nemo Self-Reducing is the only corset that really
a stout woman to reduce her abdomen and re-shape her figure; ulso, that it does this
Yet somo stores lend their support to even the

     

 

THE MAYFLOWER.

 

      
   
      
  
 

 

y a ‘
Whatever You Call by That Name, It Cer 4
tainly Biooms in April.

There is one fact about the mayflews? *
voncerning which there seems to bé agréey x.
ment—it blooms in April. As to other ‘ag
facta there is no agreement, especially ag . “ar 4
to what flower is the mayfiower. . “4

If you take two or three New Yorkers
hailing from different parte of the country
and ask them what the mayflower is you
will likely get as many answers as you have
listeners. !

One will tell you the trailing arbutus t
the mayflower, another the hepatica, still « ”
another the myrtle. The dictionary will
tell you that the mayflower of the United %)/
States is the trailing arbutus and fn England “
it is the hawthorn or maybloom, the oumey* ’
flower or the marsh marigold. ‘

The dictionary should guess again. tp 7
in New York State the hepation bears the "'/ ~
distinctive name of the month in whiok [¢°4? |
doesn't bloom, It peeps out in moody": ©
recesses as soon as the snow is gone | vw’!

It'sa pretty little flower, all red and white, *
but in ever so large a bunch you will get
no fragrance to speak of or smell of. Ap- \_
parently the cold has robbed it of vitality,

Elsewhere in nearby States they give*
the myrtle the name of may. Not the
true myrtle; the myrtle tree is eo named
we haven't that—but the running myrtle, »'
or periwinkle, which tralls its evergreen
length across the ground, sending up here
and there delicate blue flowers. They Wo"
lack fragran

The lily of the valley is known also ae’
the May lily, and in some parte they on
it the mayflower.

Whether or not the trailing arbutts tw
the mayflower, it is deserving of any gra’ ”
cious name you may give it. Ite tegueea ,
is sweet and compelling. A small eprey’’
of it scents an entire room. ,

The bloom is a delight to the eye, faintly ”
blushing from waxen white to rose. ‘It haw *
been in the market all through April au@’*
has held up its head in timid pride among -
ita more stately companions,

But to see the trailing arbutus—or the
mayflower, as those who 60 know it love'té *
call it—at its loveliest you must bea béyora
girl again and go into the woods on the first
warm day of spring. If you are a boy and
a girl together, so much the better. /

_You find a place where the tréés have:
been partly cleared away, a place where: * —
the sun of returning spring has had full a
chance to warm the earth. Hidden heres |
and there among the dying tree trunks, *
embedded in springy moss, you find the may-
flower, blushing rosily as you spy it.

Maybe you alone know the places in the’ t
woods where the mayflower—your may? 4
flower—growe in abundance, So whea you °
have gathered all you wish to darry home
you gather more and more with an eye te” ‘
business.

Then, hands and arms full, you sesk °
again the beaten paths of the wood aud |
wait, Soon others in quest of flowers and 4
not so fortunate as you come along.

“Where do you get them?” they ask, and
you smile mysteriously and answer net,

If they are grownups they will gladjy
exchange a bit of silver for part of your °
spoils, and you accept the offer with ~
seeming reluctance. But you will kesp* »
some of your flowers for the reward of @ * -
gentle smile which you know is awaiting *
you at home. 5

     
  
  
    

e

   
 

    
     
   
   
     
    

.
.

     
    
  

se

a

  

, .
i" . 4

ceaat

o, oe

.
% o-@%
’

  

yo 'd d beeen

wv els © fo 5° -¢

‘Warning” is to proteet Nemo

ond to prevent women *

tie

possibility of attaining

 

fat De Stee eee

(i
7
ts
i
hooks on front steel, ¢:

je

i
ie

   

mep, giving a delightful? ¢::

Cry es

that might other-
producing a:
Would be useless witb-

rise

4:

bottom, giving firm sup
giving

sepatmene

It

siesiiatinincialinta tae Raia ait

Our

MSs 2-0 o CAR
a

—

Sethe, f. x

rs es