A HARD BLOW 10 SOCIALISM

PERSONAL FACTORS ALSO
DEFEAT OF CHURCHILL,

— =

fle Both Charms and Enrages the British
Popolace- Asquith Ministry May Hold
on Three Years, but the Lords Will Kill
Extreme Measures. fonden Doings.

 

IN

€ Special Cable Despoich to Tae SUN,

Lonpon April 25.--Politice and the
weather have absorbed public attention in
these isleg during the entire week, ‘The
rules of the cable company forbid the trans-
mission of an adequate description of the
latter eubject; suffice it to aay that more
snow has fallen in London in the last three
days than in tHe entire previous winter,
To-day's papers chronicle the finding of the
frozen body of a man in a enow drift a few
miles from London. He had attempted to
walk home a long distance during Thure- |
day's #o-called blizzard and perished by the
wayside |

Politics, on the other hand is a subject
which is displaying all the extreme heat
which the weather lacks. There was a
greater display of redhot roaring enthusi- |
asin in the streets of London last nigh! over |
Winaton Churchill's defeat in Manchester
than | have seen at any political demon- |
stration since midnight of Juby 4, 1892, at )
Omeha, when the People's party let them-
selves loose over (he nomination of Donelly

Thie Manchester fight was the moat
pictureaquely personal of any English cam-
paigr of recent years. Churchill's bril- |
haney, audacity and unscrupulousness have
charmed or enraged the populace accord- ,
ing to their mentol conatitution Even
where he commands admiration he in-
apires no confidence, and his defeat has been |
received with exultation by a large ma-
jority of hie countrymen. His political
character ia well indicated by Mr. Grayson,
a Socialiat member of Parliament, who says
of Churchill's electioneering methods

‘If you ask him if he believes in soand ao
he looks you in the eve and asks: Do you
believe in it?’ If you answer yes he will |
reply, ‘So do L."”

In other words he will promise anything
in a campaign and ignore it |
afterward, Nevertheless Churchill is the
most prominent figure in English public }
life, and his ability is 80 great that his re- |
pression is impossible

 

 

WHAT IT MFANS |
The broader significance of the Man-
chester election is described by the English
press of both parties as epoch making. It
means, of course, complete condemnation |
of the Government's record and programme. |
lt means aleo a salutary setback to socialism
and a great growth of Mr. Chamberlain's
tariff doctrine in a constituency which was |
|

 

regarded as the citadel of free trade

The licensing, education and old age pen-
sion measures of the Government ell helped
to defeat the Liberals. The practical quea-
tion now arises what effect this disastrous
blow will have upon Mr. Asquith’s pro-
gramme. He is quite cold blooded enongh
to iguore the evidence of the country's
displeasure and go on as though nothing
had happened.

Mr. Churchill told bia conetituenta in his
speeches that the Government expected to
continue in office forsthree more years,
They are legally entitled to do so, for if alb
the by-elections should go against them
their enormous majority would scarcely be
impaired. Manchester, however, settled
one point: The Government's power for |
evil in socialistic or other radical legisla-
tion iscowatanend The House of Lords
will be justified in interpreting the will of
the country as adverse to all such measures
and will throw them out. Then the question
will be how long the Government will have
the audacity to remain in office in such a,
deadlock. According to all precedent they |
must soon appeal tothe country in a general
election under such circumstances

ASTOR'S TACTLESS GIFT |
\
!
|
'

 

 

William Waldorf Astor's gift of the Caasa-
peake's flag and the Balaclava bugle to an
English museum arouses mixed comment
The interpretation put upon it in American
circles is that this ex-American has gone
out of his way to snub his former country-
men, The graceful thing, of course, would |
have been to present the flag to America
and the bugle to England, but Mr, Astor's
peculiar character is. not built on those
lines. He saw an opportunity to emphasize
hiv new allegiance at the expense of the old
and he did it in the moat offensive way
possible, If, .however, he expected

to
promote his well known social ambitions

a! the hands of the King he has made a
serious mistake. The powers that be io

} literature and art, thus judging the country

|

'

ee aoe |

| No Refinement Here, She Says -Desires to

> ‘ C ‘ *
sig TENS Te

‘
64 "4 ‘ ) \y : ‘
: 7 ye i a wy t i ties . rt@qe
° Spt “een ane “a “ — ep seat e 4 ‘ b
rene GM MB rey be dus ¢ uae gn ’ . '
cette Me erin id THE

‘

Te Hee Apress the Atiantic.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tap Sun.
Panis, April %.—Whén President Carnot |
Was assassinated at Lyqne fn June, 1904, |
the Eigbth Regiment of Lightavalry. was
acting as his bodyguard. Aaa puplelment
for allowing the assassin, Caserio, to com-
mit the crime the regiment was deprived |
of the plume of cock's feathers that orna- j
mented its shako, Gen, Picquart, Minister |
of War, after fourteen years hag restored
the plume
M. Tardieu, foreign editor of the Temps, |
discusaing American admiration and friend |
ship for France, testifies unresegvedly to |
the existence and strength of these senti-
ments, but expresses dissatisfaction as re-
gards the causes of France's attraction for '
the Americans. He saya that the latter
admire in France not her force but ‘her |

' charm, not her policy and capacity for ac-

tion but her elegance and taste in fashions,

 

as though it were a museum instead of a
modern people rich in ideas and capital }
This, M. Tardieu says, is due partly to the |
French being the last vanquished people |
of Europe. Sedan, for Americans, domin-
ates moderm French history. Tardien
found, however, that Franoe's brilliant
fighting in Morocco bas done more for her |
renown than twenty yeare of peaceful |
undertakings, several Americans having ,
confessed that they had not believed France |
capable of such energy. He saye:

“Americans generally are better informed
upon France's weakness than upon her
strength. Moet of those who visit France
seek first aristocratic acquaintances. In-
formation gathered from these is stamped
with the pessimism of the saloons, which |
are full of prejudice.”

M. Armengand, an engineer and acien-
tist who haa for many years been experi- |
menting with the teleapectroscope or tele-
phote, which is intended to extend the range
of human vision to extraordinary distances,
says he has so far perfected bis apparatus
that hecan now foretell that the time is not

e
far distant when a man sitting in Paris or
Londop will be able to see what is going on |
in New York

He asserts that he has made remarkable
progress in bis experiments during the last
three months. The apparatua ia similar
to that used for the telegraphic thansmission
of photographs. He utilizes the proper- |
ties of selenium. His method waa inspired
by the development of the cinematograph

—--—

HOMAN TOPTES.,

New Story of Abro77-Hikins Engagement
Result of Vatican Sacrilege.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

Romer, April 25. Silence is maintained in
ficial circles in regard to the present status |
of the engagement of the Duke of the |
Abruzzi and Miss Katherine Elkins The
moat recent report ia that the King haa |
consented to a proviso for a year's engage-
ment. lo support of this statement an
official of the royal household is quoted as
waving: “If there are roses they shall blos-
som”

The sacrilege in the Sistine Chapel. on
Master Sunday, when Prof. Feilbogen and
his Wife and sister-in-law efter partaking
of the communion from the hands of the
Pope apat out the consecrated host, bas
rewited in orders being issped by Mgr.
Bislete, papal majorcomo, that in future
not only will papal audiences be restricted |
but only Catholics will be admitted to hear |
the Pope's mass

This ia a return to Pope Leo's custom for
the abolition of which the Modernists blame
Pope Pius X., com plainin g t hat.the privilege
was recently extended toall classes, whether
laborers or distinguished Catholics or Prot-
estants from abroad

eee

MME. GOULD ON AMERICA

Scclmle Herself.
Sprevil Cabls Despatch to Tar Sus

Paris, April 25.~The Naples correspond-
‘ent of the Journal reports an interview with
Mme. Anna Gould. He says she declined
ta speak of any marriage possibilities, but
thus explained her liking for the French
aristocrecy

“If we favor marriages with Europeans it
ia because we desire to elevate our standing
We seek on the old. continent tho ideal
qualities which we have not had time to
realire in. the United States We like
ariatocracy because we have nor got it at
home, and we pelieve French aristocracy
is the last_storehouse of the refinoments of
which Americans are ignorant.”

! the great Obrenovitch dynasty.”
| referred to the uprising against the Turke |
| under Milosch a century ago on Palm Sunday

| excited congregation,

| startling the crowds ontside,

Mme. Gould concluded by saying: * Now
| | desire to isolate myself from the crowd.

this country, whether at court or in Down- | | wish to preserve my life from the impor -

 

wo Gt) ea Taye.

 

THAT WAS ENDED BY MURDER,

King Sits With Btony Stare While Preacher
Practically Dehes Him—Threne of
Servia Now in Hourly Danger From
Hoth the Regicides and the People.

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.
Lonpon, April 25.—-From time to time
there comes news from Belgrade of such a
nature as to force speculation as to how long
King Peter will remain seated on his blood-
stained throne, Chafing under the court
predominance of the regicides their of-

| ponenta seem daily to grow bolder in their
| expression of hatred and determination

to rid the country of the men who are the
cause of ite practical boycott among the
nations of Europe.

Each time that the miserable monareb
attempts some step to satisfy the anti-

| regicides it is evident that he receives a

grim reminder that the men who murdered
King Alexander would not shrink from the
murder of King Peter. The Servian King's
latest experience of his humiliating pori-
tion was on April 19, the Servian Palm
Sunday, when be eat in the cathedral at

Belgrade and was forced to hear himself.
publicly contemned before a crowded Cop: |

gregation by a military chaplain
In addition to the King all the notabilities
of the city were present in the church when

| the preacher's opening words aroused at
n

once admiration and, consternation, Tak-
ing advantage of the fact that the day was

' the anniversary of an event which happened

a century ago, the preacher was able tg
apeak directly to the King of the circum-

stances of his accession in words which nom- |

inally applied to events of a hundred years
ago: (

“My conscience,” he said, “will not allow
me to pass over the national importanoe of
this date, which ia #9 cloasly associated! with
He then

and the deliverance on Palm Sunday of the

| keys of the Belgrade fortreaa to Prinoe

Michael Obrenovitch. Pointing to the
latter's tomb he oried: “There lies a ruler
who without shedding @ drop of blood gave
back to Servia her inheritanoe and in re-
turn fell by the hand of a hired assiaain!
Shame on the miscreant who compasaed
the death of this patriot Prince!”

‘The preacher then extolled the Obrano-
viteh rulers and called on the congregation
to join him in orying “Honor to them,
honor!” King Peter sat rigid in hia pew
and stered fixedly befoge him while the
which was for a
moment silent, caught up the words and
*Honor, honor!” thundered to the roof,
while the
helpless successor of the Obrenovitch
dynasty listened in impotent silence

When the priest descended from the

pulpit he was congratulated in the sacristy ,
; by all the priesta present, who thanked

him for his independence, offering bim
peciiniary aid as soon as his dismissal was
decreed by the Government

The deliverance of such a sermon in the |

presence of the Metropolitan gives double
significance, to the daring policy of the
clergy. The priest informed the Metro-

politan of his intention beforehand. The ,

Metropolitan at first dernurred, but finally
consented with the words: “God bless you,
my son; but the consequences will be on
your own head.”

BRITISH LOSS ONEY

SEVEN,

 

Forty-even Soldiers Wounded in Fight
With the Mohmand Tribesmen.
Speci Cable Despateh to THR SUN
Lonpox, April 26.— The official list of the
casualties in Major-Gen. Sir Jamea Will-
cock's forcea in hie recent engagement
with the Mohmand tribesmen on the north-
weatern frontier shows that seven men were
killed and forty-seven wounded.
The majority of these were natives
officers were among the wounded

Four

, =e mn

| | SN, SUNDAY. APRIL’ 28 °1908 0° 8 0 ON om
denies aowinns TANCE | PRIEST INSULTS. KING PRTBR | Coot Mug or Glass o

9
| iad SUNDAY EULOGY OF LINE > Evans

 
  

Pel. ae Ok eee CRA
= :

‘

 

 

‘Cream Ale

drawn from the wood is not
only pleasing to the taste but
soothing to the stomach as well
|—besides ‘furnishing the well
known’ building up qualities
of Ale.

| Restaurants, Clabs, Cafes, Chop Houses.
|
|
|
'

 

Lose Two and a Half Millions in Conflagre-
tien at Abukhef.

Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sux.

Sr Prrerssurc, April 26.-The Govern-
ment steel works at Abukhofl were de-
atroyed by fire to-day

The loss ia $2,500,000

) EX-W, 8. SEN ATOR CAMDEN DEAD.

He Was One of the Wealt siest Men in Weat
‘ Virginia.

Bartimore, Md., April 25

' Camden, ex-United States Senator from

| West Virginia and dne of the wealthiest

men in that State, died here this morning

of congestion of the kidneys

Senator Camden was born in Louis
county, Va., March 6, 1828, When 17 vears
old he was appointed to the United States

Military Academy at West Point, where he |

remained two yetrs, resigning to take up
the atudy of law. He war admitted to the
bar in 1851 and was appointed Common-
wealth's Attorney of Braxton county the
name year. The next year*he was elected
to the aime oftice for Nicholas county.

The foundation for his @reat wealth was
laid in 1858, when he bought land on which
petroleim had Leen discovered. He estab.
lished the ¢ den Consolidated Oi) Com-
pany, which hha ane been a! sorbed by the
Standard Oif Gomrany, with wehbich Mr.
Camden became identifiet

In 1482 Senator Camden was instrumental

| in organizing the Ohio River Railroad Com-
pany, from Wheeling to Kenona. Later he
organi‘e! and built the railroad from Fair-
mount to Clarksburg known as the Monon-
gahela River Railroad, along the west branch
| of the Monongahela River, opening a tre-
mendous coal fleld which marketed 1,000,000
tonsofcoalannually. In 1880 he was elected
United Siates Senator, and again in 180%
was elated to Hi the unexpired term of
Joba BK. Kenna

Senator Cimden was married in 1858
to Miss Anna Thotupson of Wheeling.
daughter of the late Judge George
SRompaOn They had two children, «a
son, Johnson N. Camden, Jr., who lives
, in Kentucky, and a daughter, Anna, who

ia the wife of Gen, B.D, Spillrnan of War-

rington, Va
Obituary Notes.
thomas Arnold Bufflum of 1644 Mieke
street, Hrooklyn, died yesterday at (he age

of 84 years. Uptothe time of his retirement
from active life five years ago he had been
for upepre of thirty vears prominently
identified with the business of William Knowl-
ton & Sona, one of the lorgest houses dealing
in straw goods in this eity, Mr. Buffum
| was a native of Smithfleld, R. 1, being the
voungest son of fudge Thomas Buffum, who
wae a Justice of the Supreme Court of Rhode
Island in the firat half of the last century
aod resigned his office on account of the ob-
| jections which he entertained as a Quaker
| to the infliction of capital punishment, On
the maternal side Mr. Buffum was related
to Peleg Arnold, a distinguished Rhode
Islander, who represented that Colony in the
Continental Congress. Mr. Bufflum was a
member of the First Presbyterian Church
in Brooklyn, of which he was a deacon for
‘ over twenty-five years, under the ministra-
tions of the late Rev, Charles Cuthbert* Hall
and the present pastor, Dr. 1. Mason Clarke
He leaves a widow, but no children
Herkeley Mostyn, who for nineteen years
| had been connected with the management
| of the Astor estate, died last night at his
home, 358 Lexington avenue, of poeumonia
Hle was 63 vears old and was born in County
| Sligo, lreland. His father, William Charlies
Mostyn, came from Mostyn, Wales. The son
| was eraduated from Trinity College, Dublin,
in 1867, and came here in 1872 as Anecial repre-
| sentative of the J, & P. Coates Thread Com-
pany. In that year he married Mary louise
Porter, who died a vear later. In 1898 he
married Helen Chanler Stevens, widow of
Alexander HH. Stevens. She survives him
| He was a vice-president of the St. George
| Society and of the British Schools and Uni-
versities Club and wos a imember of the
University and the Rockaway Hunt clube

 

D. B. Bedell & Co.

22 West 34th Street

(Adjoining the

Waldorf-Astoria)

The Oldest China and Glass House in New York

 

rn
F ign A

 

Johnson N, ,

 

 

| aks & Company

| ie Broadway at 34th Street

|

 

 

Announcement extraordinary---relative to a most unusual
| Sale of Fine Waists for Women

| . At one-half less than regular prices
_ BEGINNING MONDAY, APRIL 27. + a ‘om
Involved in this decidedly important offering are very nearly five thousand ~#?'

fine Waists—the entire stock of one of the most renowned, makers. /
The assortment of styles is immense—conservatively, there are probably ]

4 crisp, fresh and without the slightest imperfection.
| The materials include fine lawns, batistes, embroidered Swisses and all-over embroid-
| eries—elaborated with fine laces, embroideries, medallions, and jabots.

We have embraced this opportunity for arranging what will undoubtedly prove the
greatest Waist sale of the season. Beginning to-morrow morning, we shall therefore
offer the entire collection, divided into fdur assortments, as follows :

All Waists regularly All Waists regularly

All Waists regularly |
Sald for $4.00 Sold for $6.00 Sold for $7.50 Sold for $10.00

| atros =| at 2.95 | at 3.95 at 4.95

Ce eel

All Waists regularly

Swiss Lisle Vests for Women

At prices far below their regular value

Always keenly alive to the opportunities that watchfulness develops, we
have consummated a transaction which certainly rewards us—and you.

are nearly 3,000 high grade, im-

ported lisle vests in all the most desirable colorings and effects.

Imported Swiss Lisle Vents, low! Imported Swiss Lisle Vests of | Vests of Silk-Mixed Lisle square
neck and no sleeves, hand cro-| white silk Ifsle, no sleeves; square | neck and no sleeves, hand cro-
cheted at neck and shoulders; in| neck, | cheted at neck and arms, in pink,
white. Also one style in white,| Lisle Vests-in white, pink and aky or white; silk ribbon run
pink or sky; square neck; silk! sky, crocheted and silk ribbon , :
ribbon run. "run ag neck and arms. | a

. | Five patterns of white lisle, square

Ves isle V neck, Val. } :
oni oF waite, Tele V Reet, Ve | neck; handsomely hand crocheted;

| silk ribbon run at neck and arms.

 

 

Two styles in white, with square] ¥¢
neck, trimmed with Val. at neck) trimmed, silk ribbon run.

| and shoulder, silk ribbon run at Regularly $1.25

neck and arms.
| One style with V neck; Val. trim | at 68c
med at neck and arms; silk ribBon | | '

run at neck and arms,

| Also V neck, four patterns in
white lisle; rich lace at neck and

A complete range of sizes | shoulders, silk ribbon run.
from 34 to 44 bust offered |

in each assortment. | Regularly $1.75

Moil Orders post marked not later | at g8c

Regularly 85c. to $2.00

at 48c

than April 28th will be filled.

—- ~—

Monday, April 27th
250 Tailored Suits for Misses and Small Women

(14 to 18 years; 32 to 36 bust) a

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

In plain or fency serges, Panama cloths, fancy suitings, in stripes, checks and
mixtures, in a wide range of colors and a large,variety of models, will be placed

On Special Sale at the following greatly reduced prices:
at 13.50 Suits Regularly 19.50 and 22.50
‘* I9.00 “ 25.00, 29.50, 35.00
‘* 25.00' 39.50, 45-00, 48.50
700 Washable Dresses for Girls (sires ¢ to 14 yeors) |
Regularly 2.98, 3.75 and 4.50, at 1.98

Assorted models and colors in fancy ginghams, percales and chambrays,
together with a number of embroidery trimmed white lawn dresses.

4a

ae

= a a

    

A Most Remarkable Special Sale of '

 

img Street, understand quite well that to)
confer a peerage on this gentieman would
perhaps do more after this episode to weak-
en their cherished entente cordiale with
America than any other emall mistake
they might make :

 

COBT OF OLD AGE PENSIONS. |

Alfred Butterworth, a Lancashire cotton |
manufacturer, made a practical test of the |
cost of old age pensions during Easter ,
week by giving five shillings to every one
over 65 years old in Oldham and Chadder-
ton, the population of which is 170,000, The
cost of the week's pensions as tested by
Mr. Butterworth was £1,550. Taking the |
population of the United Kingdom at 44,000, -
o”, Mr. Butterworth estimates that the
annual cost of a national old age pension
would be £20,852,000, assuming that the
two towns named give the average num- |
ber of recipients. Mr. Butterworth points |
out that about four thousand rich people ;
die annually with fortunes aggregating |
£200,000,000,

ART AND SOCIRTY,

The committee to choose pictures for
the Acagemy are tired of the constant |
innuendos upon the poorness of the ex- |
hibitions, so this year the Academy re- |
jections have been more reckless than ever |
hefore, and if the exhibition contains fewer |
paintings, at least a better average will be |
maintained. . i

Americans will be greatly in evidence |
during the opera season, which will begin
Thursday. Lady Cooper, the Countess of
Yarmouth, J. Pierpont Morgan, Ambassa- |
dor Reid and Mrs, Glasgow, Mra. Adair, |
Mrs. Harry Higgins, Mre. Ronalde, Mrs. |
Mackay, Mrs. Newhouse, Lady Paget and |
the Countess of Stafford are among the
box holders |

Mrs. Klabur bag juet arrived in London
from a motor tour. She says that even |
the most patriotic American must acknowl-
edge the superiority of the English and
Continental roads over the American ones,
as well as the more sensible police patrol
tysiem |

Mrs. Field Gibson, "ho has been visiting |
the Beattys at their hunting lodge, has |
come to Londob for the season.

Mr. and Mrs, Richard MoCreery have
heen travelling on the Continent since their
return from America, but are now at their
bo se at Foliejon Pars, near Windsor. |

¢

 

Cardinal Portanova Dead.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Son.
Rome,
Portanova, Archbishop of Reggio-Calabria,
died to-day of a paralytic stroke. He was
born at Naples on October 11, 1845, and
created and

April %:—Cardinal Januarius

Sica ak vets 1, .

tair
+ Mee

tunity of fools.”

. i deel as ane :
COREANS DENOUNCE STEVENS,
fut Hawatian Colony Denies Any Part in

tls Marder tate Japanese.

Howownny, April 16.—The Corean colony
of Hawaii at alarge meeting held here
passed resolutions denying the statement
that Coreansin Hawaii knew of or in-
tended the assassination of Durham W.
Stevens or abetted it in any way.

The resolutions declare§that while the
Coreans knew Stevens had played the
part of a traitor to their’ country they
knew that his aésassination would only
react on their own country

They alao assert that peaceable conquest
of Corea by the Japanese is impossible, as
ihe Copeans bate the Japanese and will
not mix with them,

The Weather.

The starm noted ovet Nebraska on Friday bad
its centre over northern Wisconsin yesterday,
oausing rain throughout the Lake regiops and i
almost all the Atlantic States dnd dominating con
ditions over all sections trom the Atlantic coast
to the Rocky Mountalos. West of the Rocky Moun
tains and In the Southwest the weather was gen
erolly falr

The ralofall was heavy at polots In the upper
Lake regions, 1t was warmer in the Lake districts,
the upper Oblo Valley and the Interior of New
Vork and the south Atiaatic States,

From the middle sod upper Mississippi Vatiev
westward to the Pacifie coast it was cooler, with «
small area of freezing weather lo southern Montana
aud northern Wyoming.

In this eity the day was cloudy and threatening,
with an occasional sprinkle of*rain; cooler; wind,
light to fresh east to southeast; average humidity,
4 per cent; barometer, éorrected to read to sea
level, at 8 A. M., 20.86; 3 P. M., 20.88. §

The Temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
offcial thermoweter, is shown In the annexed able:

 

1908 1007 | ~ 190 1907
‘9AM... 62" 56°) OPM... “a ™
12M. be "| OPM, oo “ae
aPoM “a 72°\12 Mid.. or on

Highest temperature, 65°, at 5 P. M.
WASHINGTON PORECAST POR TO DAT AND TO MORROW

For eastern New’ York, showers to-day, ercept
generally fair ® extreme southern portion; fair and
cooler to-morrow; brige to high southwest to norih
west winds.

For New England, showers to-day, and warmer
to Maine; generally falr te-morrow and cooler ip
western portion; brisk to bigh southwest to west
winds,

For eastern Penasyivania, showers thie morn
ing, followed by clearing; fair and cooler ‘o mor,
row; fresh to brisk southwest to northwest winds.

For New Jersey and Delaware, generally fair
to-day and to-morrow, cooler to-morrow; brisk
te moderately high southwest té northwest winds.
‘ Por the District of Calumbia, Maryland and

|

 

This High Grade Choice Stock

Cut Glass, Electroliers, Clocks, Plates,

Cups and Saucers
50 Cents on the Dollar

Take. Advantage of This Sale

Spring Weddings, or to Replenish the Out-of-Town House
Equal Opportunity.
OUR GREAT BARGAIN SALE OF CLOCKS

has cut great inroads in the stock—-act quick

movements, Empire and Colonial designs, in mohomney and
Some beautifully inlaid, a few in crystal and French mat

ourly, hourly; also STRIKING the hour

quarter, half $27.50
Cut from $460,00. were

SPECIAL—EIGHT-DAY MAHOGANY, WITH INLAID MARQUETERIE, $9.00

French 15-da
other choice woods.
Id. A special Clock with Westminster Chimes,

EOVORON COIIOD EMOIOD ii. de aseveccescrseelerchvcretensteenenees os. 4.50
Comports............. png deeaereavdetasis yin ae tcaieeviats 2.50
VASES VERY CHOICE CUTTING:
Pe el ae rere et Terrie in re ar 2.35
:? ” wa 43s

ELECTROLIERS—5O0 Cents on the Dollar
Splendid Bargains in This Sale. Rich Leaded Shades.
Beautiful Tones of Colors. °

BRONZE BASES —Some in Brass.

=
s

ee AP MR seis tas eeaahanind cea va
" TR ons saat rT a ee 37.50
"90.00 “ eeeecann 45.00

Over 100 to select trom.

Rich English Plates

ENGLISH PLACE PLATES—Special.
Broad acid gold border..

Over 300 dozen ‘choice Plates.

50 Cents on the Dollar
Special Bargain. Royal Blue. Rich Gold.
Dida Piste GRIT, Gok ss icv ceee datas ces
Entree \ “ “ “ “
Fruit

13.50
12,00
10,00

ee

“ “ “ “

YACHT REQUISITES

in China and Glass. Private and Club Signals produced exact in
color and marking.
Prices Low tor Careful,{Serviceable, Correct Work.

D. B. BEDELL § CO, 22 West 34th St, N. Y. City.
so a -

$21.00
|
|
|

 

| |

Street, Afternoon & Evening Dresses for Women

At Extraordinary Price Reductions

The entire stock of New

will be offered at a fraction of the original prices.
ftesh from the workrooms, noné having been used as samples.

greatest collection of high

Included are copies of Raudnitz, Paquin, Drecoll, Robert and Bernard model costumes
and exclusive and original models from their own workrooms in satins, foulards,

taffeta, pongee. Rajah and

hand embroidered or heavily braided and a number with extra satin or silk coats,

at $35.00

Dresses.

A collection of

100

flare flounce, tailored finish.

at 5.65 Value 's.00

Taffeta Silk Petticoats, in all colors; also black or
white; made with deep accordion section pleating | with Van Dyke inserted pleatings, finished with full
finished with foot ruffles; all silk underlay. c

ipa eee acid ol be hea

Ps

Regularly Sold for
$45.00, $55.00, $65.00 and $75.00 $85.00, $100.00, $125.00 and $150.00

200 Tailored Suits at $24.00

plain and fancy serges, Panama Cloths, rajah, pongee and taffeta silks
and fancy Spring suitings in stripes, checks and mixtures, being,
in most instances, styles of which only a few suits each remain.

Former Prices $25.00, $29.50 and $32.50

Being the remainder of a large variety of styles sold previously at these
prices. Of plain or fancy materials in assorted dark and light colorings.

Extraordinary Sale of Taffeta Silk Petticoats

Of best quality only, in models exclusive and generously proportioned.

at 3.65 Value 5.50

Taffeta Silk Petticoats in all the prevailing new
Spring colarings, also black or white, deep section flounces with cluster tuckings; extra full flare.

Se ve

ee Ea ie Ce Een ee ea fad
7

York's foremost manufacturer and costume importer
Every garment is perfect and
It is certainly the
class apparel for women ever offered under-price.

mirage silks, chiffon voiles and satin chiffons, many being

at $45.00

Regularly Sold for

new Spring Suits in a large variety of models in

Tailored Suits at $27.50

For Monday and Tuesday :

{

Taffeta Silk Petticoats in all colors, deep section

at 7.95 Value 14.50

Taffeta Silk Petticoats in striped Persian, Dresden
and assorted plaids, with satin stripes, in mow ‘de-
| sirable designs and colorings, made with flare ruffle,

rose ruche.

wih f ip tak