THE INDISPENSABLE BLOUSE

AGAIN IN EVIDENCE THIS YEAR |
IN SPITE OF FASHION,

The Touch of Color in the Predoniinating |
White the Most Pronounced Innovation
of the Season— Models imple or Ornate
fin the New Lines and New Materials.

Even in this day of the Jumper frocks
with guimpe, the three piece costumes and
the princess trotting frocks, the separate
blouse holds ita own. Each season fashion
frowns upon it, but designers go blithely
on evolving new blouse models and women
hail these new models with acclaim. The
separate blouse is too convenient, solves
too niany vexed problems to be dispensed

 

 

 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
   
 

—— rn)

with lightly, and moreover in its daintiest
forms it is charming enough to endear
itaelf to the feminine heart.

To be sure, this separate blouse is not
what it once was. The silk blouse does
not play the important part in a wardrobe
that it once did, but the lingerie blouse,
simple or ornate, is practically indispens- |
eble in a summer outfit, and even the silken
blouse in new phases has obtained fresh |
favor with prrtioular women.

We have spoken before of the vogue
of the blouse which has a touch of color
combined with the predominating white,
but no discussion of the new blouse is pos-
sible without a mention of this tendency,
which is possibly the most pronounced
innovation in the realm of the blouse.

The color creeps into the design in vari- |
ous ways. It may stripe or dot the whole
gurface, it may appear in hand embroid-
ery on cuff and cotlar and frill, it may be
embroidered delicately over a yoke or
over fronts.

The simple models in fine atriped batiste
or lawn with front frill are very much liked,
and in some cases tiny hema in plain color
matching the stripe edge the plaited frills,
the collars and the cuffs. Or perhaps there
are turnover collar, cuffs and frills of
plain white bordered by narrow hems in
the color.

Where the frill is not wanted a flat box
plait bordered by colored hems is used,
These semi-tailored models open up the
front, and of course this immediately pre-
sentsacollar problem. ,

Often there is no collar at all, the blouse
being intended for wear with separate
collar and tie or rabat. This is probably
the most practical thing for the blouse
opening in front. ‘

Designers have launched models opening
up the front, the tiny buttons and button-
holes continuing on up the collar front, and
this collar finished with an embroidered
turnover or embroidered edge; but we
have seen no way in which this collar offect
may be made trim, neat and becoming.
The straight collar attached to the blouse
on one side and fastening down to it by
tiny hooks and loops around the other side
is the only other attached collar alternative
for the front opening blouse, and this ar-
rangement is seldom a success, 80 one gon- |
erally comes back to separate neck wear
with a blouse opening up the front.

The novel French blouse of firm hand
woven linen, which might have immense
cachet if worn well by a woman of ex-
cellent figure, made distinct concession to
fashion’s inclination toward plain, close
fitting effects, being cut on plain tailored
lines without plaits or fulness, Sleevos,
too, were long, and almost tight through-
out their length.

The blouse opened up the front, this
opening continuing throygh the straight
high céllar; and the smart and distinguish-
ing feature of the model was the haavy |
hand embroidery set in military effect up |
each side of the front, like frogging running
back from the round bullet buttons,

Other plain tailored waists button simply
up the front through a box plait and, when |
not in sheer material, are most chic if made
without plaits, save possibly for a small
plait at each shoulder point to hide the
armhole seam. In firm liven or pongee
these plain shirtwaists may have-no trim-
ming or may have embroidery of contrast-
ing color on cuffa, pocket and collar.

Where the blous? is sheer yet opens in
front a frill is, as we have hintéd, almoat |
inevitable, and charmingly dainty results
are obtained in this way at slight expens>.
Fven a machine made blouse looks, very
dainty if equipped with a hand made frill,
and many women buying the comparatively |
inexpensive mode's rip the frills, roll the |
edges and put the lace back on by hand,
with results amply repaying the labor |
and time spent

The eame thing will often transform one
ot the blouses made with a band or plait
of embroidery set dowr the front and with
collar ,cuffe and bow of the same embroidery, |
lace etiged. This is a common model, and
pretty when fine materials are used, but |
invariably the bow for the throat is awkward |
and coarse because it is hemmed by machine
and ite lace is carelessly put on by machine.
Ripping and remaking this bow by hand
*ill often change the whole appearanc»
of the blouse.

Some frill models have the frills mace
quite separately from the blouse and button-
ing on with the same tiny pearl buttons
which close the fronts, and this aids the
laindress greatly, for the frills require
most careful attention and can be handled
much more easily and satisfactorily if
detached from the blouse.

‘This matter of the laundering of fine
Ungerie frijis, rabate, bows, &o., has be-
come a vital one, and ft is the rare laun-
@ees “ho dogs full justice to the-dainty’

 

 

 

| model in good quality habutai silk which

! ouffs of tucked net covering the wristbands,

trifles, Many women have learned to do
up the little accessories themselves, and
by giving the time and care to the work
which the average laundress will not de-
vote to it-and often cannot afford to de-
vote to it-succeed in making the lingerie
trifles look well and wear well. One of
the tiny folding ironing boards and an
electric iron or iron heating by aloohol
both of which may be had put up in moat
compact form—should go into the trunk
of every Woman on a summer trip,

The various modish shades of blue,
brown and rose are the fayorite colors for
embroidery upon blouses,of white batiste
or linen and occasionally one finds charm-
ing green embroideries. Wash cotton
voiles, cotton crépes and similar materials,
some of which require no ironing, are num-
erous among the French blouse models and
are usually inset with cluny or baby IMsh

————_—_—

and embroidered in white, but sometimes
colored embroideries are used.

Women desiring colored blouses to match
costumes often buy these embroidered
cotton voile or crépe blouses in all white
and have them dyed to the required shade
The same thing is done with blouses of lace
or net, but the embroidered cottons are
rather newer.

The mania for pengee has led to the
vogue of the pongee blouses both in plain
and in embroidered styles. The severe
tailored model in fine Shantung is liked for
tailored costumes, but eome very attractive
models are shown in all over open work |
embroidery on pongee. |

These are made over sheer batiste and |
are pretty models, simply plaited at the
shoulders, open all the way from thyoat to |
waist, to show a very narrow vest of tucked
batiste almost entirely hidden by two tiny
frills of creamy batiate edged with the nar-
rowest of real valenciennes; the straight
high collar and wristbands are of the tucked
batiste, lace edged. .

Much real valenciennes is being suld (his
season for the frills and neckwear, It
wears well enough to repay the initial
expense, and one can get the pretty very
narrow laces more readily in real than in
imitation valencienney.

For dark blouses to wear with coat and
skirt costumes chiffon cloth and net are
perhaps the most modish materials, but |
crépe, sheer India silk, messaline and silk
voile are all used, A crépe blouse inset
with cluny insertion dyed to match and
hand embroidered in self color is a prac-
tical and chic blouse for the purpose, but
is of course expensive.

A Twenty-third street firm has had con-
siderable success with a serviceable little

is made up in several «olors, As onr sketch
of it will show, this blouse is very simple, |
but it has a better air than most of the dark |
ready made models

The sheer silk is ploited finely throughout |
its length, the guimps and collar are of
finely tucked net and thpre are turnback
The only trimining on tho blouse is @ -/
of hand herringbone stitchery running |
round the line where blouse and guimpe |
meet, and this very simplicity of finish gives |
the mode! its success.

Striped materials in alternating stripes

of satin and chiffon or satin and mouseeline,
all in one tone, are used for dark blouses

' to be lightened by separate lingerie or lace

neckwear; and among the very unpreten-
tious dark blouses which yet have a certain
smartness ate tailor made little models of
dotted foulard with plaited frills and with
bows or acarfa of the foulard to be worn
with embroidered linen collars. Similar
models come.in sheer striped silks,

x ; fs
tae Fy

| Henr:
| that

drs . 3 Pg
ri r A + Pana

-

wy

 

WHILE WAITING FOR PHYLLIS

~

| THE PORT WATCHES THE PABADE

OF THE OTHER BOARDERS.

He Gets Almost Gloomy in That Brooklyn
Parlor Staffed With Faded Relics, bat
the, Rare and Radiant One Appears
at Last and Everything Is Lovely.

“Phyllis, the young, the beautiful, to
witom I am now making my addresses,”
said the poet, who nevertheless has a
sense of humor, “lives in a Brooklyn board-
ing house, Calling upon Phyllis is quite
an experience, I call upon Phyllis quite
often, and althotigh the experience always
ia about the same [ do not seem to lose
interest in the dotatls

“When Larrive Phyllis is always dressing
and will be down tn a few minutes, as I am
informed by the blac handmaiden who
uses kinkene to straighten out her locks.
Then I am ushered into the parlor,

“The world has swung a long way past
this old Brooklyn boarding house parlor.
The parlor is like this

“Piotures in dauby, faded oil of the land-
lady's three dead husbands on the walls,
their hair brushed forward of their ears;
a large cracked ormolu clock with a broken
glass cover on the mantelpiece; a frame

 

 

 

of wax tuberoses on black velvet hanging
above the clock, very suggestive of the
mutability of human affairs and of the
tomb; horsehair chairs with porcupine
seats; a faded red plush settee that you
have no truck with if you are wise; a bound

|

| the cut of their cute

volume of Godey's Lady's Book for 1856 |

on the marble topped centre table; a sad
looking square piano, atat about 62, in a
shadowy rear corner, with copies of the
songs ‘Lily Dale’ and ‘Silver Threads
Among the Gold,’ published in 1869, on top
of it; In the other rear corner a whatnot
heaped up with the kind of seashells that
you used to read about in ‘The Swiss Famil
»ybinaon,’ and pieces of faded coral and
one big but now pefully shrunken apple
that waa stuffed full of cloves back in 1871,
—oh, | guess perhaps you know the kindof a
street boarding house in Brooklyn
am attempting to describe.
* Well, as | enter the dank and dark parlor

| a miserable rat of a black and tan terrier

that looks to be at least 95 years of ago
sniffs at the bottoms of my trousers and
begins to bark furiously at me in a wheezy,
gaxping way. When I try to motion the
mutt away with one of my feet a very old
lady in a black silk dress and a white cap
with purple satin ribbon run through it
whom I haven't been able to discern on
account of the dimness of the room—hur-
riedlv picks up the snarling aged kiyoodle,
She scowls fiercely at me as she does so,
mutters something quite audible about
brutes-- meaning me, of course—and swishos
painfully upstairs, carrying the senile terrier
with her.

“Presently a very oldman wearing a
skull cap and loose, flappy red and green
carpet slippers over white cotton socks
with his long. shiny
closely about him, although the temperature
of the parlor is at all times about a pat 100
Fahrenheit, gropes his way into the parlor.
Not being able to make me out as I stand in
the gloom of the roorh, the old man butts
into me, emits a squeaky shriek of alarm
and flees as precipitately as he can, con-
sidering his
that I am a burglar engaged in ransacking
the plant.

“Enter then after a little while the old
lady who, I have heen told, has been slighty
affected mentally ever since the civil war
on account of having lost her sojdier lover
in that great conflict. She * pees
deal as old prints show- to have

~~

frock coat buttoned |

eat age, fancying, no doubt, |

| to a glance t

4 . 2

' OTHE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 26.

dfessed right after that war: a wig held
waterfallwise by a net, a sort of greenish
skirt rather orinolined in effect, and a faded
red basque—I bélieve they used to be called
basques~-and with two dabe of rouge on
her cheekbones to give her the old time
fashionable Camille Fectio flush.

“She rambles into the parlor from the back
of the house somewhere—I can almost hear
her creak as ahe comes in. She looks me
over disdainfully for a moment or 80 while
she pretends to be intercated in the pages
of the (odey's Lady's Book for 1864.
Then, becoming leas disdainful, she ve-
stows rather a coquettish glance upop me,
finally ewishing out of the parlor at @ pace
that must coat her a great deal of painful
effort, considering her years.

“Then usually a very large, blind Maltese
cat with unseeing topaz eyes tottera into
the parlor, investigates me, rubs himself or
herself against my trouser legs for a while,
leaving enough hair on them to stuff a sofa
pillow and purring hoarsely the while; then
the cat totters into the hall and disappears
somewhére,

“Then three young men with exceedingly
sleek hair, who look as if they might belon,
to the night shift in a book bindery, descenc
the stairs noisily, rubber in at me as they
pase the parlor door, wink sagaciously and
significantly at each other and jerk their
thumbs toward the astairs--down which
Somebody soon is to come—and out they

 

1908. '

SOMETHING FOR THE BOY.

In Which, However, the Father Also Seemed
More or Less Interested,

A father and his son going home on a
subway train, the father at a second look a
mah of about 30, though he looked at firet
sight younger, the boy a keen, lively, healthy
looking youngster of maybe seven or per
haps eight, And they'd been buying some-
thing for the boy, something that the father
carried done up ina bundle and which as
sobn as they tihd got comfortably seated in
the car he proceeded to undo, holding it
for that purpose on hie knees, bending over
it with no slight interest on his own account,
while the boy, sitting alongside, leaned
over and watched the unwrapping with
silent but raft attention.,

Holding the bundle so, and with the bo
looking on, the father got the string o
and then deliberately and carefully folded
back the paper wrappings, apd when he
had come to what the bundle contained he
nicked that up and handed it over to the

y; it was a horn of suitable size for the

automobile, a regular automobile
horn, with the proper belishaped mouth
at ohe end and with the rubber bulb that
you sqheezed to make it honk at the other,
while fastened to the slender part were

boy's toy

thing all up; like as not he'd just dump her
trunk upside down on a dirty floor some-
where. Furthermore, this thing and that
thing she was putting in her trunk were
dutiable and if she didn’t watch out she'd
have to pay a lot of money.

“I don't believe half you're telling me,”
she rejoined, “but anyway I've got a
scheme to beat the customs man. I'm
going to scare him.” ‘

“You can’t ecare a custome man,” they
told her, but, she smiled thoughtfully to
herself and went on with her packing.
When she had finished she let them see
what she had done and explained,

She had arranged her clothes in the |
trunk so that the first thing to meet the
eye on opening it was a masse of lace trimmed
white things, and peeping out from the
lacy billows were pairs of other things
that are usually black and sometimes are |
of silk. Hers were. Furthermore, she |
had stuffed those black pairs in similitude
of their appearance when worn.

Don't they look natural!” she exclaimed,
as she surveyed the array. “Do you
suppose any man would dare to tind out
what's underneath?”

A week later one of her friends got'® note.

“The qustoms man didn't scare worth a
cent,” the travéller wrote. “With me
looking on he just began to dig down be-

 

neath that top layer and to feel around |

| Mr. Big Man answered.

THREE SEATS. «

TWO IN

That's therWay Mr. Big Man and His Other ©

and Similar Half Ge to the Show.
The audience at a Brooklyn theatre
a few extra laughs the other evening ¥

the manager hadn't provided. ‘

The seats were about all filled and the

vaudeville show was about to begin when 3
down the aisle came an Saponas a , ae

First one man, and he was bigger
which is somethnig, Then one woman,
she was just as big.

Mr. Big Man held out three seat checks |

The usher asked a ems
“No, just two of
us,” he seemed to say

The two were shown to three aisle seat®.
Into the third one plumped the woman
plumped eolidiy. She overlapped. Into
the aisle seat also plumped the man, also
solidly, alao overlapping.

Of course they didn't quite meet over the

t between them, but pretty
Jubt enough room left for those imm:
behind them to get a peep of the atage. .

The oudience laughed frankly gna un-
ashamed, Mr. Big Man and Mra. Big Man
didn't seem to mind, They could be seen

to the usher.

settling slowly into their seate. There wage ”

decided reformation of contour

“I simply haye to get three seate for q
| two of us.” Mr. Big Man remarked ;
to the man in front of him, “and it's :

a
4

go, banging the door loudly after them. clamps by which it could be attached, |

“Then the Second Floor Front, a hatchet It was a grand horn, and the boy looked promiscuously. [ lookei shocked. He enough as it is. We've come late #0 that

faced lady with a voice like an alligator file | at it admiringly, while the father looked ' cong my glance. ; | those beyond us could get in firat.”  -*

new from the factory, hustles down. the | down pleased on both, And then did the | @ get used to these things,’ he said,| The curtain went up, but the show dide’t

stairs, demanding to know at every step boy try it to see if it worked all right? Why, the horrid man. Then he smiled, ‘I | absorb all the attention, It may bere

‘What's become of them towels, I'd jes' | in about four seconds after he had looked { ues I'll pass this trurik just bedause | marked that at the end of the performance
the two ocoupants of the three seate extri-

like to know,’ and when she espies me in
the twilight of the parlor she glares in upon
me with an accusatory glare as if she knew
that I had somehow or another pinched
‘them towels,’ She flaunts down hall
perfectly convinced that 1 am the guilty
party. '

“Then the Fourth Floor Back, a super-
annuated souse of the most obvious charac-
ter, who never gets home to the boarding
house dinner, I am told, but who always
arrives on the stroke of 8 P, M., with a bun
hefty enough to burden at least two long-
shoremen, reels in through the hall, Per-
ceiving me in the semi-darkness, he im-
mediately attempts to engage me in gou-

 

| SHIRT-BLOUSES IN STRIPED AND PLAIN LINEN EMBROIDERED IN WHITE
AND COLORS. ONE OF NATURAL PONGEE TRIMMED WITH BLUE.

 

 

versation with respect to the relative merits
of William Jennings Bryan and William Te
as Presidential candidates. I fan thim,
and out he rolls, mumbling things about
pinheads that don't know nothin’ ‘ceptin'
little pink ba
shirts.

*Tyen the whistling shoe clerk, who has
at lact mastered the first part of ‘The Merry
Widow’ waltz and desires everybody to
know it, sails jauntily down the stairs,
making his shrill birdie music. As he
passes the parlor and sees me he stakes me
hat clearly is meant to shrivel

| me into the conviction that I am a 100 to 1

|

 

—_——

shot all three ways across the board, and
that I haven't a look in at any stage of the
journey.
“And then Phyllis, the rare and radiant,
trips gayly down the stairs, all rigged and
fussed up, and everything is all right.”

 
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

being Boned ' with

that Wii not’ break (
and the only boning
& corse,

free,

bone will be more sat

oe a quuasisuseegeaieunepeinennnanmncctininntian
—_

————-~8 |

Taft |

SLENDERNESS AND GRACE

with the additional and unusual advantages of ease and
comfort are enjoyed by the woman who wears

Lafesi

BONED WITH “SPIRABONE"

The slenderness and grace are due to the soft, disappear-
ing lines that give that natural willowy effect—thanks to
expert designing and perfect construction.

The ease and comfert are due to La Resista Corsets, unilke all others,

insuring perfect ease under all conditions.

Call and let us show you what Spirabone Means to
Our Anchor Belt attachment reduces the
abdomen Sto 5 inches without discomfort, Fittings
Alterations without charge,

Literature on request, but demonstration of Spira-

On sale in all leading cities and In New York sold
at our own demonstrating parlors at following address

DOWNER, HAWES & ©0., Inc.
42 West 30th St. New Yerk.
Half Block West of Pifth Avenue on Downtown Side, !

at the bell and the bulb and the middle
‘of the horn he held it up and squeezed the
bulb twice vigorously, and-it did workyall
rights its “Honk! Honk!” filled the car.

ng then the boy’s father looked down,
not with a frown but with lowered eye-
brows, and shook his head, But the boy
tried it again in @ minute—how could he
help it?—and this time his father said
quietly but firmly:

“No, not Aere,” and when a moment
later the boy sounded it again, the father,
the boy not resisting, took the horn away
| from him gently and put it in his own pocket,
| in his inside upper coat pocket, where it

was out of sight and where for about half
a minute it was also quite silent.

And then suddenly the horm squeaked
faintly. Father had brought his elbow
down to his side and squeezed on the bulb
softly, And then ‘father looked down and
smiled on the boy and the boy looked up
and amiled at his father. Apparently they
both thought it was very funny that the
horn should squeak like that while it was
stowed away in father's pocket.

And about a minute later father took
the horn out of his pocket and looked it
over himself and then he squeezed on the
bulb softly a few times to see just how
much you had to squeeze it before the
horn would sound, and then he put it back
in his pocket amin and kept it there this
time until the train had reached the sta-
tion where they were to get off. But when
they had stepped off upon the station pak
form the horn was given into the bo

ion, and there it was heard again,
and then the two marched off together,
the boy very happy and the father probably
not less so.

SCARING THE CUSTOMS MAN,

The Young Woman Tries to Shock Him and
He Doesn't Shock Worth a Cent,

The young woman was preparing to
make her first journey into another country.
Her friends, in the know it all way that
friends have sometimes, insisted on planting
firmly in her mind the bugaboo of the cus-
toms,man.

As she packed her trunk they sat about
and told her that she needn't pack things
nicely, the customs man would mess every-

 

    

 

uw

The American
Woman Should
Never Grow Old i

~—eeer

 

"e-~nnr™

The ancient magicians spent their lives
searching for “The Fountain of Eternal
Youth,” but the American woman of today
has come nearer to discovering this mytho-
seqicel spring than any of the wise men of
oid.

The true secret of youth can be disclosed
in the two words, “care” and “attention,”
‘A woman is as old as she looks and all the
birth certificates and family records cannot
change this estimate of her age.

Now, my dear, old-looking young woman,
if you will pive just a little care and justa
little attention to a few simple rules, your
complexion worries will goon be things of
the past. ;

In the firat place, use lots of water. Wash
neck, face and arms thoroughly each night
and morning in warm water to which you
have added a handful of oatmeal. After
your ekin is thoroughly dry, apply liberally
a wash made as follows:

Obtain at your drug store Rose Water,
two ounces; Cologne Spirits, ohe ounce;
Eppotone (skin food), four ounces, Put
the Eppotone in ‘= of hot water (not
boiling), and after dissolved, strain an let
cool, en add the Kose Water and Co-
logne Spirits.

rink three or four glasses of water aa hot
as you can stand comfortably during the
day and just before reuiting. ;
it is just these simple little things, if they
are done regularly (and that's what is
meant by “care” and “attention"), that
makes possible the many handsome, young
looking old women we see in America today.

 

 

 

‘Hair on Face,
Neck and Arms
Removed by the New Principle

De Miracle

a revelation, to modern ecience, It is the only
} scientific and practical way to destroy hair, Don't
waste time experimenting with electrolysis, X-ray
and depliatories, ‘These are offered you on the
BARE WORD of the operators and manufacturers,
De Miracle is not, It is the only method which
Is indorsed by physicians, surgeons, dermatologists,
medical journals and prominent magazines, De
Miracle matied, sealed in plain wrapper, for $1.00,
Your money back without question (no red tape) if
it fatls to do all that is clalmed for It,

BOOKLET FREE—In plain, sealed envelope, by
DE MIRACLE CHEMICAL CO,, 191, Park ave.
N, Y.

Remember, unscrupulous manufacturers copy our
advertising as far as the law permits, with the to-
| tention of deceiving you. Insist on having “De

Miracle” and see that you get it. For sale by drug-
gists, department stores and first class hairdressers

and
{ HEGEMAN & CO.,
200 BROADWAY and BRANCHES,
FREDERICK LOESER & CO.,
BROOKLYN.

 

 

   

Sptrabone—the new boning—the only boning
fully guaranteed not to break)
that bends in every direction.

isfactory to you.

ron op bone a bit original,’ he said. Which
did, ao my scheme worked after all.”

cated thamesives with difficulty. *

 
  
 

DRY GOODS CARPETS—UPHOLSTERY.,

Summer Dress Silks

ATTRACTIVE ASSORTMENTS OF PRINTED SILK and SATIN
FOULARDS, ROUGH ORIENTAL SILKS, INCLUDING PONGEES,
TUSSORAHS, MOTORAS, FANCY MANDARINS, SHANGHAIS and
HABUTAIS, CREPE ANTIQUE, CREPE DE CHINE and GAUZES,

White Silks and Satins for Wedding Gowns
Novelties tor Bridesmaids’ Dresses

IMPORTANT OFFERING OF

Rough Oriental Silks

Plain colors, also stripes, checks and plaids, superior
qualities and the leading fashionable shades, Cc
Regularly sold at $1.00, $1.50, $1.75, 75

Black Taffeta Dress Silks.

of Superior grades and most desirable finish.
18 INCH, 26 INCH, 33 INCH,

55 1,00 1,25

‘

Tailor-Suit Fabrics
White, Cream and Navy for seashore and mountain wear, Serges,

Cheviots, Mohairs and various 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 2.00

Fancy weaves of superior grade,

Women’s Suits and Dresses

SPECIAL OFFERING of 100 TAILORED SUITS of various
materials and styles from our regular stock.
Reduced prices to close, 22,50, 28.50, 35.00, 42.50

RAJAH SUITS, strictly tailored, 48.50, 68.00
HIGH CLASS LINEN DRESSES, English Eyelet Combination
LINEN COATS and SKIRTS, plain and lace trimmed —latest colorings

Women’s Summer Waists

Latest Models at Most Attractive Prices
LINGERIE WAISTS, sheer lawn, Embroidery -
and lace trimmed. Value $1.50: and $2.00 1.00, 1.50

LINGERIE WAISTS, French Batiste, Elaborately Trimmed with
Embroidery and fine Val. lace, various styles. Value $5.75) 3,75

LINGERIE WAISTS, allover Embroidery, Elaborately Trimmed
with fine Val. lace and Filet Medallions, Value $14.50, 9,75

WASHABLE NET and LACE WAISTS, Silk lined, trimmed with
Val. and Cluny laces. Value $8.50 te $18.00, 6.50 to 13,50

Women’s Kid and Fabric Gloves

Latest French and English makes. All desirable styles,

lengths and @olors for Street and Evening weer,
THE REGIS, selected Kid, two clasp, 1,00
THE SEVILLE, Real Kid Glace and Suede,
over seam and pique—two clasp, 1.50
THE VALENCIA—Finest Glace Kid and Suede, '
two clasp or button, 2,00
MOUSQUETAIRE GLACE KID, 16 button length,
white only. Value $3.50, 2.50
LATEST NOVELTIES IN FEATHER AND
LACE NECKWEAR, AUTO SCARFS AND VEILS, HOSIERY, }
PARASOLS AND SUN UMBRELLAS.
Knit Undergarments
FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
THE MOST RELIABLE EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN MAKES,
SPRING AND SUMMER WEIGHTS IN MEDIUM AND HIGH GRADB
QUALITIES—MADE EXPRESSLY FOR ARNOLD, CONSTABLE & 60,

Infants’ Dresses and Coats

NAINSOOK DRESSES (imported,
as hand embroidered; 1 to a peere, 2.00, 3.00, 4.00,5.00

SHORT REEFER COATS, new cloth weaves, Embroidered pique
collar and cuffs; aand3 years, 7.50, 8.50, 10.50, 12.00

Exceptional Values in Moderate Priced

Linens and Bedding

For Country and Seashore Furnishings.

HEAVY IRISH DAMASK CLOTHS, 3.00, 3.75

SATIN DAMAS§ NAPKINS, doz. 3,50, 5.00

HEMSTITCHED LINEN PILLOW CASES, pair, 1.50, 2.00
6

e

sees

HEMSTITCHED LINEN SHEETS, pair, .50, :
BATE TOWELS, doz. 3.00, 4.20, i
BATH MATS, colors; aleo white, each, :

KITCHEN and PANTRY TOWELS and TOWELLING,

Bed Spreads and Comfortables

HONEY COMB SPREADS, 1.30,.1.75
DIMITY “ ; 1.65, 2.25
SATIN FINISHED, 2.90, 3.50

ENGLISH BED SPREADS in colors,
FIGURED SWISS COMFORTABLES, Silk Borders,
SILK TOP COMFORTABLES,

we

a e"

“a

¥
aN