A HOSPITAL FOR 2,000 YEARS

CHRISTIANS NOW DOING THE
WORK BEGUN BY PAGANS.

The Temple of Psculapius Built by Romans
on we Island of the Tiber Replaced
by a Churoh, but the Siek Poor Resort
to the Spot as They Did in the Old Days,

Rome, April 14.—On the island of the
Tiber, among the followers of St, John of
God, there is a brother, Fra Arsenioco, who

 

 

TATVUE OF AESCULAPIUS FROM.

— —

fs a famous dentist and who chargos no fee
for his, work, His only diploma is a large
gack full of the teeth that he has pulled.

An American lady wintering in Rome
asked a man who knows all’about Rome,
ancient and modern, to give her some in-
formation abo ut the “dentist monk some-
where in Rome who pulls toeth free,”
as her servant had a toothache and sher
the lady, was not prepared to pay a dentist's
bill, while it was a bother to have the maid
about. with a swollen face. The man
directed hor to the island once sacred to
the worship of ZXsculapius and now tho |
home of Christian priests who minister to
the sick, gave her the name of Fra Arsenico
and told her the story of the island—a story
of temples and their sick worshippers, of
wornout slaves exposed urd left to die |
there, of a charitable task buzun by pagans,
continued by Christians and curried on for
twenty-two centuries—a curious story even
for Rome.

Many centuries ago when Rome was but
a emall village perched on the Palatine
Hill, eurrounded by woods and marshes
and inhabited by a community of shep-
herds who grazed their flocks on the uplands
of the Velia and the Oppian, there was down
in the valley where flowed the river Tiber a
spot among the reeds that grew,on its banks
where the waters of the stream rushed
and gurgled as they broke against a low
wild island. It was merely a strip of land
in the middle of the river, across which the
Etruscans gazed with surprise at the square
fortifications of the new people who had
founded a city high up on the opposite
bank. It was almost covered over and
hidden by the waters that surrounded it,
unexplored and therefore unknown.

This island in the course of time acquired
@ legendary origin. It was said that when
the Romans expelled the Tarquins and
seized their goods the golden corn was
cut from the fields of Mars and thrown
into the river. The current carried it
toward the insula ceca, the blind island
or eandbank. Here it sfpped, and the
gand and mud of the river were mixed
with it until it rose above the stream and
became an island, and the Insula Tiberina,
or Island of the Tiber, was thus formed.

Livy and Plutarch and other ancient
writers recount the, legend, but modern
oritics have explained it away and they
only connect the name of Tarquin with
the Island of the Tiber intsmuch as under
him Roman and Etruscan worships be-
came united and from the Capito! they
gradually spread down to the river. ;

PUFFS, BRAIDS AND GU

THE FASHIONABLE COIFFURE
NOW TAKES IN THE HAT,

|
|
|
|

 

 

A Bpectal Chest Required to Perfume and
te Hold the Modish Fittings of the
Hair—The Up to Date Head Flat and

} the Face Oval in Outline—Shampoos,

It makes no difference what kind of
hat you wear; if your hair isn't right the
effect will be spoiled.

A hair chest is the latest thing for keep-
ing the hair in condition. It is made to
stand upon the bureau and contains com-
partments, each one of which has ite quan-
tity of precious hair,

To make a hair chest you can take a hat
box and stand it upon one side, with the
open end toward you. In it fit boxes that
will slide in and out as though they were
bureau drawers. Cover the outside with
cretohns to match your dressing room.
Then acrew little knobs into the front of the
boxes so that they can be pulled in and
out, and your chest is complete.

The inner part of the hair chest is per-
fumed, and this means that your hair, when
you take {t out, will be rich with sweet odors.
You can perfume according to your taste.
The subtle Spanish essences are considered
desirable, Still, one does aniff a great deal
of rose attar these days.

One of the drawers in the hair chest is
devoted to curls. There are short dancing
curls which must be adjusted just over
one ear. There is the single curl, half as
léng as your finger, which is fastened to a
hairpin and is tucked in here or there as the
cofffure may demand.

The long Janice Meredith curl is still
worn and is eifective for evening, and the

to date woman will havea bunch of curls
whic she can pin at the back of her neck
should her low coiffure fai) to be 4 success,
There must be plenty of hair, no matter
whether it be curls, puffs or braids.

matter how much you pay for your
wees lank chean inleas won have the

l

VATICAN MUSEUM.

 

|. the incursions of the Etruscans, and the |

| struction nor in subsequent repairs.

CURLS

Ancus Marcits, fourth King of Rome, is
said to have built a bridge of wooden piles
—sublic@, hence Pons Sublicius—between
the Janiculum, which he fortified to check

island. This was the first bridge across the
Tiber and it wae the bridge Horatius Cocles
held against the hosts of Porserina.

No iron was used in its original con- |
Its |
memory lasted through the Middle Ages.
In 1484 Pope Sixtus used the remains of
ite foundations of travertine to make
cannon balls, and in 1877 the last traces of
it were blown up to clear the bed of the
river.

The bridge gave but small fame to the
island, which remained uninhabited for
several centuries, in fact until the year |
201 B.C. Then pestilence raged in Rome |
and spread over all the aify, with ite narrow
streets and high houses overcrowded with
slaves, and for three long years the in-
habitants died daily by hundreds.

So the Senate sent to Epidaurus to re-
quest that Hsculapius, the tutelary god
of that place, ntight come to avert the evil. |
The ambassadors returned with a sacred |
anake, the emblem of the god, which had |
found its own way into their ship end |
ensconced itself in the cabin. When they |
arrived in the Tiber, the snake glided from |
the ship and swimming to the island disap- |
peared there, and in consequence a temple
was built on the island to the Greek god of
medicine, whose worship was thus in-
troduced into Rome.

Tho temple was called Ask lepia, and more
than a sanctuary or a place of worship was
a hospital where poor people who could not
afford to pay the doctor to oure their mala-
dies flocked and prayed and hoped that their
health should be restored. Belief in the
supernatural powers of the divinity and
therefore in miracles then was as strong as
it is still to-day in many parts of Italy.

 

 

right kind of hair. Hair dressing must
eet off your hat and frame your face.

The hollow spot at the side of your hat |
is no longer filled in with a rose. In its}
place there is a big fat double puff fastened
tothehat. When the hat is put on the double
puff is adroitly pulled out in such a way that
it trims the side of the hat.

The up to date shape of the head is flat,
with the flat side toward the front. This
may not be an adequate description. A
hairdresser says it is with the broad side
front. The puffs are pinned on at each side
of the face to make a broad effect.

Strange to say, the dressing of the hair
broadly across the face does not widen the

$$ $$ ee

 

| seta of hair t

r . $i) ‘
RET oat By
: ">

ES ae
rh

iThe temple had a community of priests, who
besides attending to the worship of the god
ministered to the crowd of poor patients that

reeds.”

;

       
   

1% 8y

aa ue

  

 

to other gods which in time were erected
close to the temple, the many votive offer-
ings which were hung on the walls as testi-

 

came to be cured, and recommended reme- | mony of the healing powers of the Greek
dies, baths and diets generally, which very | god, and the shape given to the island,

often proved more successful than the inter-
vention of the Greek god. The patients
slept under the porticoes, and 60 great wae
their faith that they expected to be cured
with the first light of dawn on the following
morning.

The site of the temple was well adapted
for a hospital, as it was outside the city
walls and in an isolated position, It was
patronized by the very poor, the freed-
men who worked in the factories, the sol-
diers of the legions and the sailors from the
galleys moored on the river,

There was a cuatom in Rome which con-
tributed in keeping the porticoes of the
Asklepia crowded, The owners of slaves
afflicted by incurable maladies and there-
fore worthless used to have them carried

| to the island and left there.

Originally the owner of a slave had the
right to kill him when he had no further
use for him, and before the temple of Zacu-
lapius wae built on the island and his wor-
ship instituted in Rome, when a slave be-
came ill beyond hope of recovery he was
killed by his master. The priests of the
Greek god acquired colebrity for curing
the poor, and the god sometimes performed
miracles, so that diseased slaves were no
longer killed but sent to the Asklepia, and
jn such numbers that the porticoes at times
were full of them.

The Emperor Claudius abolished the
custom and decreed that any slave aban-
doned or exposed should become a free man,
and that any person who killea diseased
slave was guilty of the crime’ of murder,
As a result the number of patients at the
Asklepia diminished, But the sadness of
the place remained, and the grove of sacred
trees that adorned the island, the shrines

 

upon the neck, was a so-called coronet
braid, It was heavy and it w djusted
as flatly as possible to accommodate three

fat puffe which were set just above it.

It is very important that your own hair
match your ready to wear hair in tone.
This can only be aseured by giving both
same treatment.

It is worth while, when you are brushin
your own hair at night, to bestow a bru
or two upon your braid. If the braid is
jong and dull looking it should have just
a drop of some glossy substance to make
it shine. There are many lotions that
come for this purpose.

The shampoo of the puffs and braids is
also important. Most women forget that
their adopted hair gets dull and oily. It
should be washed, dried, ventilated and

 

countenance, It has indeed the opposite
effect, for the dressing of the hair in puffs
and waves at the temples merely acoentu-
ates the expression and brings out the
spirituality of the face.

The face of fashionable shape is’ oval |
and everything is done to bring out Cow that it looks as though it were the

the contour. The neck is dressed high, |
and the top of the stock is wired invisibly
to bring it up under the ears and behind
them. The hair is piled moderately high,
but is broadened at the ears and sides of
the head until it @ wonderful in ite pro-

rtions.
“Tha the hair chest there should be one

of the new double braids. The hair is |

braided in such a manner that there is no
beginning. The foundation of the braid
is utterly hidden.

The trick is worked by senarating the
hair at the etump into eix strands. Three
atrands are braided in one direction and
three are braided in the other. The re-

sult is one long braid with loose hair at |

each end.
e ends are rolled into puffs.

| the puffs combing in the middle.

| It coste a little more to get hair that

matches your own, but it is worth while.
If your own hair is the new hair

| should also be shaded. You can some- |

times shade it a Bete yourese by dampen-
ing it and hanging ft in the eun until part
of it fades.

The fashionable head is dressed largely
after the hat is pinned on. In Paris they

use the puffs along the front rim of the hat.

emartly at the |
puffle running The net is a trifle stiff

It is very effective.
A hat whiob
' front had a row

‘cma

| your own

| has been eut o!

The |
| whole thing is coiled and pinned on with |

perfumed just as though it grew: upon
ead, It needs the same care
as the growing hair. The fact that it
does not mean that it does
not need care.

Bows of ribbon are worn in all sorts of
laces. The latest thing is so to tie a

strings of your hat. The French ml-
iners are very cunning in this matter.
They take a three inch taffeta ribbon and
run it under the braid. They bring it
down to the back of the neck, where they
tie it in a broad bow, When the hat is
put on it looks as though the ribbon bow
| were part of the trimming of the hat.
The hair should be abundantly dreesed,
| but the forehead must not be hidden. The
| hair is worn back from the face.

It is a mistake to have just one pompa
dour. A woman must adjust her hair to
her hat. With a wide brimmed hat the
hair must be dressed wide, and there must
be a mass of puffs at @ach side of the face.
The inner side of the hat is skilfully trimmed
, with hair, The effect is that of a well
coiffured woman with a hat that just fits
| the colffure,
| With a turban the hair is dreased more
| quietly, and with a toque there ts nothing

but the coronet braid, the all around pompa-
| dour and the three puffs in the middle of
| the braid.

The waved puff is new and very pretty,
The puff, which is a large one, is wav
| with the hot tongs until there are two or
| three scallops in it. Inatead of being a
| big, round, hard, stiff looking puff it is
soft and well adjusted to the head. This is

articularly good if one is going to the
tre, whee hairdressing counts.
one is going to

 

 

| which was made to resemble a trireme with
an obelisk to serve the purpose of a mast,
were not eufficient to change the aspect of
the place, which was that of a hospital for
poor people, a refuge of poor diseased hu-
manity
Several inscriptions in Greek have been
found bearing evidence of cures obtained
through intercessions to the god, Caius,
the blind beggar, prostrated himself before
the altar of the god and placed the five ex-
tended fingers of his right hand on it, He
touched his eyes and recovered his sight.
Lucius, another beggar, who was unable
to sleep owing to great pains in his side, was
cured by placing ashes from the sacrifices
he offered on the affected side. The soldier
Valerius Aprus recovered from his wounds
by putting honey on them
But if some were cured, many hoped and
prayed, but died. When the day was over
and the gates of the temple were closed for
the night the crowd of patients, many of
them almost starved to death, all feverish
and in pain, filled the porticoes and there
wailed and cried and shrieked from pain
and @alled on the god for help during the
long dark hours of the night, while the
waters of the river rushed and gurgled
round the sides of the stone ship with ite
load of suffering humanity
The night passed, and dawn, heralded by
the crowing of the cocks kept in the sacred
grove, appeared, The gates of the temple
were opened, and those among the patients
who were cured rushed in to offer sacrifices
and thanks to the god, but many remained
still in the porticoes until they were removed
by the priests. The god had not cured them
and they had died during the night.
The worship of Heculapius ended with

 

 

; '
along the front. At the back, rather low | take off one’s hat. It is better to draw the

net over the back hair, only leaving the
front to look as natural o6 possi. A
marce) waving iron, a round acalloping
iron and a pair of small tongs will give the
finishing touches in case a Woman does not
have her own hairdresser.

There is a new shampoo for the woman
who likes to be right at the top notch of
everything. This is a mild shampoo which
merely wets the hair and takes out the gust.
t is really a hair rinse.

The head is spread with a soapy lather.
Rut there is no massage of the acalp. The
bath hose is now adjusted to the faucet
and the water is tested until it is just the
right temperature. The head is sprayed until
the is washed out. The whole thing
must be done within five minutes.

The dust and street grime and the dingi-
ness of the country roads are rinsed out
of the locks quickly and easily. Thie sort
of shampoo does not injure the scalp, and
can be used as often as once a w It
leaves just enough oil in the hair to be com-
fortable.

Puffs and braids have done a great deal
toward driving the bleached heads out of
the world ellow puffs are unbecoming
and a yellow braid is coppery The yellow
dancing curls are impossible; they look

nin the sunlight. The woman who

Jeached her hair must let it turn back.

-_—

CENTENARY OF ST. CYR.

French Military School Collecting Matertal
for a Golden Rook.

The request for information regarding
the later lifa of several graduates of the
French military school of St. Cyr, recently
published in THE SUN, was sent out in
connection with the celebration of the
centenary of the founding of the school,
It was on June 7, 1808, that the cigiona,
the eaglets of Napoleon's army, colors
flying and drums beating, marched into
the house of St. Cyr, where Madame de
Maintenon, the wife of Louis XIV., had 122
years previously etarted a boarding echool
for girls.

A committee has been formed with§Gen
Maximilian E. E. Barry, vice-president of the
Friendly Society of Pupils of St. Cyr, as
chairman, to arrange for the celebration
of the day. As a permanent memoria!
it is proposed to issue a Golden Book of
the graduates. These include five Marshals

 

 

THE ISLAND OF THE TIBER'
WITH ITS TWO BRIDGES INTACT,

In a hot fight at Dar Keibat on February 4

 
   
   
       
  
  
 
 
  
 
    
  
  

  

the advent of Christianity. A holy man,
St. Emigdius, is said to have destroyed the
temple of the Greek god as well as the
shrines of Jupiter Lycaonius, of Faunus
and of Semo-Sancus. In late imperial
times the island was used asa prison, and
Arvandus, Prefect of Gaul, was {immured
here in 468 A. D.

Churches and conventa were built on the
island. Otho III, founded the Basilica of
Saint Adalbert on the site of a still earlier
church, and Golagius II. rechristened this
church in 1218 and gave it the name of
St. Bartolommeo, which it atill bears.
The body of the saint was brought from
Beneventum and placed here,

Opposite thie churchis the Hospital of
St. dphn of God, also called Benefratelli,
under the care of a confraternity of brethren
who nurse the sick and continue traditions
of the priests of Aesculapius, The island
is thus still dedicated to the spirit of healing.

In 1656 the whole island was converted
into a hospital for those stricken with the
plague. A emall garden, probably all
that remains of the sacred grove of pagan
times, is now used as a morgue,

Fragments of the ancient temples are
still to be seen, although the island has
been reatly modernized and altered. Six
years ago when the new embankment of
the river was being built the /ayisse or pits
of the main temple were found filled with
discarded ex-votos: arms, hands, feet,
breaste, modelled in terra cotta.

There are still the two bridges that con-
nected the island with the banks of the
Tiber. One, the ancient Pons Fabricius,
built of stone in the place of the old wooden
one in 62 B. C. by L. Fabricius, has two
arches and a emall flood arch in the oéntral
pier. It is now called Ponte Quattro Capi
(Bridge of the Four Heads), from two herma
of Janus which still adorn its parapet,
and it is still intact, haviag withstood the
vicissitudes of nearly 2,000 years.

The other, now called Ponte St, Bar-
tolommeo, originally built by Lucius Cestius
in B. C. 46, and restored by the Emperors
Valentinian, Valens and Gratian, was
pulled down by the municipal authorities
in 1888 and rebuilt with the exception of
the central arch, which is still the ancient
one.

In the centre of the piazza, in front of the
Church of San Bartolommeo, where once
stood the obelisk that formed the mast
of the island ship, there is now a pillar with
four niches adorned with the etatues of
St. Bartholomew, St. Paulinus of Nols, St.
Francis and St. John of God, four humble
men who spent their lives in works of
charity, ministering to the sick, They have
taken the place of the Greek god Hsou-
lapiue, just as the Franciscan monks and
the followers of St. John of God have taken
the place and are still doing the work of
the pagan priests. :

The Italian Governinent has seized the
monasteries, which are now divided into
tenement houses, but a narrow strip of
land has been left to the monks, and here
they have a small hospital of seventy beds,
where they devote themselves entirely to
the care of the sick poor, some twelve
hundred of whom pass through the hos-
pital every yoar, besides the many cases
relieved in the reception rooms.

Such is the Island of the Tiber to-day.
Sick elaves are no longer exposed and left
to die here, but every lady living in Rome
will eend her servant girl to the hospital in
case of need,

 

about 30,000

 

of France, 1,100 Generale and
officers of all ranks. ;

The records of these cover practically
the whole field of French military glory.
Nine Generals of Division, graduetes of
St, Cyr, have been killed on the field of
battle—three in the Crimea, one in the
Italian campaign and five in the Franco-
German war. Twenty-seven Brigadier-Gen-
erals and innumerable officers of lower
grade died “on the field of honor.”

That the traditions of the school have not
lapsed is shown in the deaths of two young
officers in the present struggle in Morocoo,

Lieut. Ricard, a garery officer just two
years out of the school, had his horse killed
under him by an Arab bullet.

One of his men started to dismount and

ve him his horse. Though it was certain

eath, he refused to acoept the sacrifice.
His men were outnumbered and forced to
retreat. He took a position behind a rock
and fought until he was overpowered and
cut to pieces.

Lieut. Pol Boulhaut was entrapped in a
ravine at Ber-Rabet and cut off from his
men. He fought with his sword until
he was killed. His body was found pierced
again and again with bayonets.

The school usually has from 700 to 800
pupils and graduates about 400 officers
anpually. Itis now run on lines resembling
those of West Point, but in its early days
the training was rough and the discipline
extremely severe.

It ie a tradition that the bread was so
badly baked that if a loaf was thrown at
the wall it stuck there.

On this rough diet the lads worked hard
all day. They started at 4:30 A. M. and
were at drille and atndies till 7PM. when
jf turned to and swept their dormitories
and made up their beds. The least in-

fraction of rule brought a punishment

which usually consisted in standing at
| attention for several hours in heavy march-

ing order in an open courtyard, regardless
of heat or cold, rain or snow.

There nee ey of hazing. The lad
who completed the first 2,000 was thrown
| out of a window the moment he entered.
| When 8,000 was reached the unlucky man
| had to be guarded for weeks to save him

from violence.

Duels were frequent. Fourteen lads
were killed and more than 100 wounded in
the first five years.

Napoleon I. gave the echool the flag
which is still carried on state occasions
at the head of the battalion. The inscrip-
tion on it + “They learn to conquer.”

|
|

 

WHAT WOMEN ARE DOING.

Mrs. D. B. Van Dorp Verdam,
ter-in-law of Mra. A, BE. Van Dorp Verdam,
former president of the National Council
of Women of the Netherlands, has been put
in charge of the first seaside eanitarium
founded in Holland, This institution was
opened in the early part of April by Queen
Emma, mother of Queen Wilhelmina, It

iidre ffering from tuberculosis
are ded by the Anti-Tuberoulosis
it woman
hospital in Holland,

Society of
Verdam is the
put in charge of a

It is related that in passing through her
husband's library recently the attention
of the Empresa of Japan was attracted by
@ peculiar looking machine. On learning
that it was a typewriter and baving it ex-
pldined to her, she became interested and

it the keys. Now it is eaid
ott ss ? good deal of correspondence
a

the Emperor.

is further re
of England, Queen Maude of Norway, ithe

rina and t ° Queen of Ferg oe
‘ond of using the typewriter in corres -
ing with their intimates, 1t is probable that
all of them put together do not use the
machine as much as Carmen Give, the
Queen of Rumania, who rattles her
poems and stories on a typewriter.

ted that Queen Alexandra

Mias Ruth Durant kvans of South Carolina
will receive her degree from the Chatta-
nooga University of Law early in June and
a few days later her license to practise at
the Chattanooga bay. She is reported to
stand.at the head of a class of 160, although
the only girl in the class. She co from
a family that has produced sev dis-
tinguished Jawyers and her power of oratory
is gaid to be remarkable, It is probable
that she will devote herself to office work
and make a specialty of advising women.

 

Annie Murphy, aged 11, is being con-
gratulated in Boston for her bravery in
rescuing @ three-year-old neighbor from
kidnappers. Three men were carrying the
child off, and Annie, attracted by his cries,
ran up and demanded of the men what they
were doing with him.

The men told her that he had run away
and they were taking him back to hia mother,
who lived in the next street. Knowing that
the child did not live in the next street,
Annie very promptly attacked them, making
go strenuous a fight and yelling so lustily
for help that the kidnappers dropped the

boy and fled.
, Yrhen asked by the police where she

learned to use her fists ao effectively Annie
explained that she had been fi hting boys
all her life for telling her that being a girl
she was neither as strong nor as brave as a
boy. Now, her chief satisfaction in saving
he child is that there were numerous big
love in the street, none of whom dared to
come up and help her fight the men,

Miss Bellville, the official timekeeper
of London, is said to earn $2,600 a year by
peddling the time of day once a week, The
post of timekeeper has been in her family
since 1888, In that year her father, who
was assistant to the Astronomer Royal,
hit upon the idea of taking the time around
to the principal watchmakers and correct-
ing their chronometers.

At his death his widow obtained the
privilege of having her chronometer cor-
rected at the Greenwich Observatory when-
ever she liked. She peddied time until
1892, when at the age of 82 she retired and
her daughter tepped into her shoes.

Every Monday morning Miss Bellville
goes to the Royal Observatory at Green-
wich and gets from the keeper an official
document stating that her chronometer
differs from the mean tim: hv 80 many
seconds and tenths of seconds. “his favor
is granted to no or ee i gland.
Armed with this official paper Mi Mell-
ville visits her customers, about for, in
number, and corrects their time in accord-
anoe with the official chronometer. From
her forty customers the rest of London
gets its time.

Miss Blanche B. McHale of St. Louis
has been appointed to succeed her brother
as assistant city weigher. She is said to
be the first woman in the country to hold
such an office. Her appointment was made
by Mayor Wells in compliance with the
request of her brother, who just before his
death expressed the wish that his sister
might be allowed to fill out his unexpired
term of three years. Miss McHale is,
besides, organist in a church.

Mies Jane Brownlee, the public school
teacher of Toledo who originated a new
system of teaching children ethics, has
agroed to give a series of talks before the
women's cluba and teachers’ associations
all over the United States, from New Eng-
land to the Pacific Coast, explaining her
system. The demand for these lectures
has been so great that Mies Brownlee has
been forced to give up her place in theLa-
grange Schoo! in Toledo in order to devote
her entire time to the worg.

Miss Brownlee begins her teaching of
ethies by saying: “Children, I have dis-
covered that each of you has a little servant
who will go with you through life, and will
do just what you tell him to.” This pleases
the children, They have to obey everybody
and are delighted to hear of some one who
must obey them, Then Miss Brownlee
explains that this servant is the body.
One by one the needs and dutjes of the

body are brought out by answers from the | bread crumbs.

children themeecives,

The next day she tells them thet they
have a second servant, the mind. This
servant is studied in the same way, and the
third day she tetls them about the real child
to whom these two servants owe obedience.
After impressing it on them that this real
child cannot grow up as he should in an
unhealthy body or with an undeveloped
mind, she takes up the virtues, devoting a
month to each virtue: September, kind-
ness, October, cleanliness; November, obe-
dience; December, self-control; January,
courtesy and.cheerfulness; February, vere,
March, honor; April, honesty, truthful-
ness and clean language: May and June,
manners, and review of tho year.

According to Miss Brownlee children like
to begin with kindness because it is an
active Virtue and they can see and report
results for themselves. In her system the
devote the first week to practising kind-
neas On their parents, the second on their
teachers, the third on their sisters and broth-
ers and playmates, while the fourth is
devoted to teaching them kindness to
animals.

ENGLISH TURF TRAGEDY.

Owner's Sudden Death Just as His Horse
Won a Great Race.
From the Westininater Garette.

The death of St. Simon, perhaps the great-
est racehorse of his generation, recalls an
almost forgotten tragedy of the turf.

Half an hour before the race for the Two
Thousand Guineas of 1883 Prince Batthyany,
who bred St. Simon and who was one of the
most popular racing men of any time, was
talking with Lord Cadogan. in the luncheon
room of the Jockey Club stand at Newma rket
when he suddenly réeled and fell.

He was carried to Weatherby's office and
@octors were summoned; but the Prince
was beyond all human aid, and just before
the bell rang for the race for which his colt
Galliard, brother of St. Simon, was first
favorite he breathed his last

A few minutes later “the clear blue sky
rang with cheers and shouts as the horses
came thundering along, which rosa into a
roar as Galliard won by a head”; while behind
the drawn blinds of Weatherby's office Gale
liard's owner, who had beta looking forward
60 eagerly to this moment, was lying dei
It was owing to the death of his Aware thet
Gelopin's great son could not run in the
Derby of 1884, whieh he would almoat certainly
have won.

 

 

|

}
'

i
|

 

 

————

WUSSELS BETTER KNOWN

A REAL SPRING DELICACY, BUT
ING NEGLECTED HERE.

 

The Poor Man's Oyster tn Beason—Delicions
Ways in Which the French Cook Them
—They Are Cheap and Plenty and
Something of a Beauty Food as Well,

A charming French actress, interviewed
in Paris a few weeks ago, was asked to
what diet she restricted herself in order to
preserve her daintiness of complexion and
form, She smiled delightfully and said:

“I really have no fixed rule except that
I eat exactly what I please and do not fee}
that I must go through a course of dishes
at every meal. Last night, for instance
after the theatre when my maid and |
reached home we ate between us a hundre
mussels freshly roasted and served wit),
lemon and butter as the only eauce.”

Mussels, while not listed among tho
beauty making faods, are pronounced t
be better than the interminable meat dic:
that is the rule with eo many América;
women, Nature, or perhaps {t is Neptune,
sends them at their best in May when sof:
shell crabs, strawberries, shad and dan.
delion salads make the heart glad.

Many people are only reminded tha
these things are on the market stalls by
seeing their names on restaurant bills of
fare, for in a great many homes steaks
and chops are persevered in all the yea
through, in July as December; Polltics
business and fashion continue to occupy
the attention, and potatoes taste the sani»
as fresh asparagus to the person #0 e»-

In France the changes in the season ar
waited for because they bring new de
oacies to the table and the coming of 1),
mousse! is a veritable event. This shelifis
is esteemed by the French asa dish of sic
exquisite natura! flavor that they even sery>
it with lemon juice and butter instead
one of their hdndred and one sauces

In this country mussels were never por
Jar until recent years. They were alway
very cheap and were never rated in flay
as comparable with the osyter, though
recent years the latter has fallen from i
high estate as a delicate morsel.

t is true |}mussels were ,pickled, but this
was practically the only way in which they
were known on the American table, F
yeats there was a prejudice against then
on the ground thay they were poisonous
when raw. As with crabs, lobsters an/
gome other fish there are filaments or mos
as it’is called in the muasel which muat he
removed. This precaution taken the mus-
sel is unobjectionable.

The Frenoli restaurants and some of th»
older hotels, notably the Everett Hous»
made museels popular as a luncheon cis!
some ter or a dozen years ago, and sinc:
then they have steadily risen in favor an!
have their esteemed place on club menus
and at dinners where dishes out of thie
ordinary are sought.

Reynifre, who wrote the “Almanach dos
Gourmands,” called them the oysters of
the poor. In fact their cheapness is pro}-
ably one reason why they have never bee:
highly thought of in this country.

Mussels can never be objected to on th»
ground that they are difficult to prepare,
for while they may be elaborately gar
nished they are also very good when mere! y
roasted in hot ashes or, failing that,in an
ordinary oven.

The small ones are by far the most deli-
cate and the washing of the shells must be
thorough so that all grit and sand are re-
moved. After that there are many delicious
ways in which they can be cooked, form-
ing a charming relief from the regular
winter menus.

At the Everett House they used to be
cooked in a manner very similar to that in
which clams are prepared when they are
named a la casino on the bill of fare. The
mussels were baked in their half shells, each
fish being packed in small bits of bacon
chopped onions or chives, parsley pon -
dered and Jommoa fulog, Melted butter was
added at the table. The French snail ca-
not compare with the ordinary selected
American mussel done in this way and
cooked just the proper time.

Another method, which has the merit of
being drier for those who do not like rich
dishes, i8 to stew the mussels with one sliced
onion, a small bunch of parsley and ove
pint of French white wine, seasoned with

er and salt.

ihe shells open after the pan has !
on tne fire for a few iminutes. Then t
fish are removed from the shel!s and cleo!
thoroughly, then cut in halves. ‘The lig
is then strained free of the shells and ™
with a veloute sauce, then boiled until
duced one-half. This sauce ig thicke
with a lump of butter ancl the mussels
with one spoonful of chopped parsiry

Silver shells are filled with this mist
and covered on top with grated bri
crumbs aud butter, then browned in ¢
oven. The shells are arranged euch oF
folded napkin placed over a hot dish as.
garnished with parsley or watercress

Another way is to steam three dow
of the shellfish in a pot for ahout ten ininut
until the shells open, Then remove h
the shell from each and put them in a sauce
pan with two ounces of fresh butter, a sm
quent? of chives and finely chopre
a

ervil, a little pepper end some sift

Over this half a cun of water is pou
and tnen boiled for a few minutes, T)
the whole into a dish and squeeze ove
the juiceofalemon, Use parsiey ands!

lemon asa warniah,

As the supper of the French actresa ax
Bests, the mussel ia best when serv
as the principal dish of a brealifost or lun
eor with brown bread and butierand may
& groen salad and French dressing as |
oply accompanimentér It does not acc
with other foods so gracefully as the oyst
It should always have lemon juico with
and a dry white wine is the best.

“Fishermen aa a rule despise mussé
but if they are very hungry they hus!
them, that is, roast them in hot ashes a:
eat them from the shell with butte:
muasels were not so plentiful and cle
in America we would probably anxious
wait the coming of the foreign stearne:
that bring us the queer fooda at exorbits:
prices which are not to becompared wit
those of our own country.”

Thus spoke the chef of a new hotel whir
is becoming famous for ita innovations i:
cooking, such as the broilitg of orange
and the serving of strawberries in ha!!

rapefruits with French dressing. H:
wailed the national tendency to repea!
the same dish 365 days in the year.

“The musse! is good in a hundred wer
he went on. “It is perfectly and pungent
flavored, so much #o that it would ne\
do as a dish for every day in the vear
is not, like the oyster, aubject to injuri
fattening processes. In a casserole
is better than terrapin when cooked ¥
wine’and cayenne, a hint of herbs 4
well browned on top.

“It is almost impossible to cet American
to eat any new dishes. They will get t
mato and lettuea atiad when there o
now a hundred wonderful salads in seas
that can only be had in the spri!
season of the year,

“The only time we can introduce suct
dishes is when carte blenche is given |
as to the menu, and even then we hav
to choose women's linchecns, as m
men seem to prefer the standard fo
to which they ara acenstomed, They w
call for bottles of picklea and tomato ca'
sup when the sauces on tha foods t
eat ara such that any outside mist
are ruinous to the flavor

“The writerd muet bring them °*
they require, but It is and to witness |
digestion dastroving combinstions |!
inziet on making by adding a}! these bot
ingretierts purchssed at the grove
fiuces thit have heen studied for centur
in the old country."

\
h

3