PERFECT DRBAMS FOR BASTER

WHAT IS WHAT THEY ARE, ANY
WOMAN WILL TELL YOU,

Ip Other Words They Are the Hats That Cost
From #100 Up—iIf a Woman's Lacky
she Gets Five or Six--There Is Valine in

Them, as Some Roses Cost 630 Fach.

According to a fashionable Fifth avenue
milliner the word Easter when applied to
a hat does not have the same limitation
as of old, when it meant that the creation
wae ordered for that day and constructed
according to that order.

*(WVe atill call them Easter hats,” she ex-
plains, “but the New York woman won't
wait for the festival to get around. She
wears hers two Sundays before, but she
clings to the name with the greatest per-
tinacity.”

 

 

BEHIND THE SCENES IN

 

The importance of the Easter hat as a
commercial problem is shown by the tre-
mendous amount of work involved in its
creation fn this one establishment, fairly
representative of those shops on the ave-
nue where you can go in with a light heart
and heavy purse and ig the short apace of
half an hour can walk out with a light purse
and heavy heart—a weight, however, which
ia balanced by the memory of the perfect
dream which has caused the exchange.

Orders for approximately 2,000 hate
were received in this establishment prior
to Faster Sunday. It is not an eatablish-
ment where the woman of moderate nl
come feels herself at home. In fact unl
rhe is drawn by the magnet of a special
hargdin day, an event of semi-annual
occurrence, she isapt to cover her eyes with
her handkerchief and run by as hard as

she can aprint. There are women who can | husband, sitting by, and he looks quite peev-
go through all sorts of heartrending ex- | ish at the loss of that particular hat, He
periences, have the rent raised, the tele- | wanted it for his wife, a srnart young woman
phone cut off, the dog die or even lose an | ina blaok tdilor made with a Madonna face
occasional sweetheart and display an | and smooth hair parted in the middle and
astounding amount of self-restraint, but | brought down plainly to a coil in the nape
they simply can't go by that particular show | of the neck, a style of hairdressing which
room window without breaking at least the millinery experts testify is the very |
one of the commandments. ’ | hardest to fit toa hat.
For the wares displayed with euch | The husband, however, has done pretty
a prodigality of material and prices are not | well, considering. ‘There have been selected
for this woman, except when recklessness | a big brown sailor with two long quills |
reaches fever heat. If proof of this were | set aslant, a dark blue straw whose high
needed it would be found in the facial ex- | steeple crown ia environed with a wreath |
pression of the leading lady of the show- | of flowers, a smoke gray straw with five
room when you inadvertently mention the | plumes of gray and blue mixedanda sash: f
word cheap within those sacred portals, | smoke gray about the crown. He had not
When yqu think it over you wonder how | asked the price of any of them, but the»
vou had the audacity to ask her what the | salesgirl whispered that they would not
cheapest hat might be come to more than $259,
After one of the attendants has brought He is trying to make his wife take another, |
her a glasa of filtered water and she has (wo others if she pleases, but sho shakes
i ' her head wearily. “I wouldn't try on an-
partially recovered she explains that there | hor h '
have been rare occasions when to oblige | other for anything,” is her answer to his
an old customer they would put a couple | request,

i of quills on a straw hat and would not ask Dut the salesgir! stands temptingly in the
more than $25 for it, but that isnot a prece- _ path with a confection from a nearby case |
dent that she cares to discuss even in con- , heid alluringly in their direction. Her |
vereation. It just hurts her to talk about | glance seems to bay that while they might
$25 hate, and to make her feel better you | be able to stagger through eternity without
take a brave verbal leap as far away as | that particular chattel, it would be a sad
you can from the painful topic. ' and uninteresting journey.

“And the most expensive?” “She doesn’t feel like trying on any more,”

Again thereisaslight demur at the choice | says the husband, “but you can put it in
of words. Nothing is expensive, she ex- | approval.” The price is $100
plains, that ie worth the money expended, | As they go out he is heard to murmur

ooo $— occa -

| showed her the new wood in the hack or

SECOND FURNITURE PERIOD called attention to the very obvious newness
, of the metal work,

creme She was in ene Bret happy stage of the

, 5] S THAT OF. THE | atigue fever en all mahogany is

CAE First | , = 7 | old, all brasses are the original ornaments

ARTISTIC ANTIQUE. and there is no guile in the vender of artis-

_- | tic objects. .In the face of such faith,

It Is Bought at Auction by the Newly who could have led her by the hand over

Married and Enthusiasm Hides Ite | to Fourth avenue and —_— her attention

Ww : mnie | (0 what her eyes refused to see!

maroon wee Prosperity Le Many times had she passed by the little

ture Frankly New, and Comfortable. | shops in the side pireets and failed to nee

e ‘ : ~ | the plies of genuine claw eet, turned out

There's no question about it,” said Mrs. | by machinery until hundreds awaited the
Honeymooner when her husband came | arrival of the searcher for this or that
home that night. “The Smiths have a; antique piece, Perhaps the dealer did not
most artistic flat. and they paid very little have it: but he knew somebody who did.
for the fitting of it So anything in the clawfoot line was certain

ae & , ine antique, | %,be ready by the oext day.

All the furniture is genuine antique, The supply of antique brass drawer
Came from old South Carolina planta- | handles, knobe, or ornaments as large as |
tions and those other places down South. | several faetories, always at work, can make

“You know those old families send their | them, is another Feenennes detail
ag to which the seeker after the antique seems
things up here to be sold. eee oe equally blind. Mrs. Honeymooner was as
to proud that they don’t like to sell "em | jucky ‘as the rest of her kind in escaping
Where they live,” \ interruption to her blissful dream of beauti-
Mr. Honeymooner listened while the |’ ful antiques, genuine and at a price within ,
waitress brought the dinner provided by ! the fs age of a youre couple just starting
| on their way in life, ss
the apartmenf hotel, He was glad to hear | “There's no question about it,” said Mrs. |
about the cheapness of this style of furni- | Honeymooner, when her hushand came
ture because their own nest was being | home on the night she put the finishing |
e made ready. touch to their apartorent. “We have just

‘So I'm going to buy everything at
auction,” Mrs, Honeymooner went on,
scarcely noticing in her enthusiasm that
she had taken canned corn for three nights
in succession, “and you'll see what artistic

rooms we'll have.”

So she haunted the auctions*and a varied
lot of chairs that creaked ominously when-
ever they were gat on, bookcases that re-
fused to shut after they had been sub-
mitted to a very moderate allowance of
the steam heat in the flat, chests of drawers
with a most perverse desire to stay shut
these familiar artiques were soon pla
&hout the Honeymooners’ new flat, Then
thene were tables that would wabble how-
ever the carpenter might work to adjust
their legs to a common length.

They were more or leas accurate repro-
ductions of old models and made a tasteful
show in the little rooms of the apartment.
To the captious the veneer might seem a
litte too brilliant, and the brass knobs
8nd handles certainly shone with a brazen
glow that did not suggest antiquity. The
Visual appeal of the rooms, however, was
& success, whatever might be thought of
the « ornfort. .

“Ridiculous,” replied the happy Mrs

neymooner, when the less artistic half
of the family grumbled out the desire to sit
down just once in a chair that did not
creak menacingly, “Real antiques cannot
be as strong asa kitchen chair, You must
rea!ive that.”

So the Honeymooners continued to
‘he antiques which the superior wealth
of the North had ped from the proud

It would have been heartless to disabuse
the mind of Mra, Honeymooner as to their
orgin None but a brute could have
turned around the cheste of drawers and

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

dwe!! as comfortably as possible among |

families of the South who needed the money. |

   

average figure for a good hat here.

“Do women buy many of these hate?”

“Oh, five or six,” is the nonchalant an-
swer, “rarely more in a season, ‘Two or
three is a fair average.”

She beckons a salesgir! who is twirling a
Neapolitan straw with a very simple trim-
ming, @ rosette of ribbon and two mag-
nificent roses of a newshadeof red, Asshe
answers the summons the girl picks a leaf
qr two of the twin flowers as if she were
accustomed to inake salad of them,

     
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

Pe

p
~¥

A FIFTH AVENUE SHOP,

 

“This Is a very reasonable one,” the lead-
ing lady remarks, “See, it is only $75, and
a perfect ducky-dear, I think.

“Where is the value represented? Why,

importation and named after the firm
With a wreath of them around the crown
you could soon run up the price of a hat to
what some might consider an extravagant
figure, but I think it would be worth what-
ever was charged. Did you ever see such
wonderful color in an artificial flower?”

leading lady is evident, for the perfect

| dream is snapped up immediately by a very

has never brought a man in with her to pay
her bills,

| There is a very handsome man, a real |

 

paid very little for ii, All our furniture
is genuine antique-—came from old South
Carolina plantations.” e

During the time intervening between the
marriage of the Honeymooners and their
acquisition of their own home the Smiths
prospered. Smith got an interest in a
magazine and the amount of advertising he
secured for it made his holding much more
profitable than he had ever slispected if
would be. : '

The Smiths consequently acquired a
house and a runabout. Then they had a
sinal! motor car of the same description.
Smith of course used to run it himself,
but it was not long before he page
about in a French touring car with a be-
furred chauffeur at the wheel.

It waa not consistent to combine such
means of transportation with life in a flat,
although Smith got the rigs cheaper
through his advertising interests, so he
bought a house. They had just moved in
when the Honeymooners decided they were
ready to entertain, and kept their promise
to themselves that the Smiths should be
their first guests.

“Perhaps its her money that’s made her
different,” sighed Mrs, Honeymooner after
the entertainment was over, as she prepared
to carry the whiskey and soda glasses out to
the pantry, whence issued already the
anores of thd exhausted maid. “There are
mighty few that can stand it,”
| “Bosh!” answered her husband, who was

dropping the contents of the ash trays out
| of the window that the sitting room might
| not amell of stale smoke in the morping.

“[ thought she seemed very different.
She scarcely said a word about our beautiful
furniture. Merely looked around and said,
yes, it was pretty, I remember how I raved
| over hers. It was pretty, too; but no prettier

tgp curs,

“Thought you were a copy cat prpbably,”
answered her husband, 2 had Anished

When you pay $100 or $150 for a hat you
are getting ‘value in real lace, in expensive
flowers or feathers, in accessories, what-
ever they may be, and $135 is a very fair

Vie] ss
eA
nif
td y ah?
)

in the roses, They sell at $20 each, our own |

That the hat shoppers agree with the

pretty girl who came in an automobile and |
is described as being very discreet, as she |

as artistic a flat as the Smiths did And we |

   

| "I don't know,

| sorry, but how ean I tell until

| watched your actions for @ while?”
y

That is too much, and having some
feminine sympathies in stock, you weloome

| the coming of the lift, into which you are
ushered’in your quest to see the very be-
ginning of these Easter hata, their evolu-
tion from chrysalia to butterfly; for what
the frame is to the picture, the froth to the
champagne, the souffld to.«the omelet, so
\s the Easter hat to the wearer.

|

a es

 

 

Ag you pursue the upward journey you
take a last look at the flower garden and
} ostrich farm, the room perfumed by the
| passing of fragrant gowns, the showcases
| fill4d with kaleidoscopic bunches of colors,
| masses of scarlet, yellow, green, blue

 

7
| his chores by closing up the bridge table and
pushing it behind the sofa, “Couldn't help
| feeling sore because you'd made the place
| look 80 nice.”
| Mrs. Honeymooner was well down the
| Shooting gallery hall when she heard this

“Well, we'll see how her new place looks

next weel’,” she called hack to the faithful

Honeymooner, who had just blown out the

lamp at the risk of losing an eyebrow.
| “Whatever she has I'm going to be just as

snify about it.”

The night of the dinner at the Smiths’
found their friends on time. Mrs. Honey-
mooner swept the hall and drawing room at
a glance as the maid took her cloak. They
were a minute alone in the drawing room
and Mrs. Honeymooner had the time to
make her observation chereuth.

“Did you ever see anything like it?” she
whispered dramatically to her husband,
“There isn't a stick of old furniture any-
where in the room,”

Even the eye of a man to whom such
matters offered little interest could
fail to mark the brand new appearance
of the furniture, There were in thé room
} upholstered chairs firm as a mountain,
but soft as a feather mattress to the tired
man. There were leather chaira that did
not totter nor creak under the weight of
the heaviest guest.

At dinner they sat on chairs of wood
and leather which wabbled no more than
the firm table, on which one
to the finest points of table etiquette might
lean his elbows without danger pf shaking
the glasses

“Your house is lovely,” Mrs. Honey-
mooner said when the two women were
together, forgetting her unfriendly de-
cision wider the warmth of her friend's
hospitality. “But what did you do with
all your beautiful old furniture?”

“Don't mention it!” Mra, Smith said, “We
count that asa part of our earliest struggles
John and I used always to say that we
would get comfortable furniture whenever
we were rich enough. Of course, it didn't
mean to be very rich, but it meant a good
deal for us, He never ceased to quarrel
about the rickety stuff although it all seemed
| beautiful enough to me. I didn’t mind if it
did creak and totter, I loved it.”

*But you gave it all up?”

“What there was left of it at the end of
four vears,” the hostess went on, “Of course,
it didn't wear with us as well as it had for
the century or two it spent on the Southern
plantation,”

Mrs, Honeymooner was as fond ef her
antiques that night as she had ever been,
and refused to join her husband in his
enthusiastic praise of Smith’s comfortable
; ohairs, She thought her antiques were
} much more artistic

It happened that the Honeymooners
prospered too, and another home was the
natural result. There had to be new fur-
niture as well, The antiques had followed,
the way of Mrs. Smith's and lost the youth-
ful strength of their apocryphal days on

| the Southern plantation,

Mrs, Honeymooner bought the furniture
again, The new followed in its general
fashion that of the second Smith period

 

!

 

 

“For it’s more comfortable, really,” she
| explained, “when you're young, Now

we're old enough to be comfortable, and we
can afford it.”

| , Yes,” Assented her husband. “And we
don't have to be so darned artistic.”

lowly, “Will you forgive me now?” andshe,
absolutely ignoring the hat incident—aren’t
some women cate!—repeats “Now?” ques-
tioningly and after a moment says coolly,
Of course you say you're
I have

 

|
|

 

 

“SPECIAL,”

not |

|

indifferent |

|

}

a

BR END OF THE HAT.

 

You see a blond beauty sitting languidly
in a tapestried chair against a screen of
old brocade, the suaye flatteries of an ex-
pert saleswoman in her ears, her eyes bee
hind their languor cleverly conscious of
the ensemble, and furtheg away a durk
brunette with a crimson ha ® which is tikec
to show her hair, black as a raven's wing,
her white akin and 'ustrous @ /es.
She is alertly alive and is gest iring ea; erly

Toand fro through the rooms, low voiceo, |
patient, polite, others wait their turn, and
through it the assistants in handsone |
gowns, with manners trained to suit every |
possible feminine caprice, flit with equal |
grace. To pay for these caprices hundreds |
of men in{Wall Street are leaning over ticker |
tapes

It is an interior where every day thoue
sands of dollara are given in exchange for
thé most ephemeral of all feminine frivoli- |
ties. It is the place where talent, the high-
est of its kind, meets its due reward of ape

 

LD HER OWN BUNGALOW |

TO Bul

WISS CHUBB MAKING USE OF HER |
MANUAL ARTS TRAINING,

| rection

She Has Designed and Proposes to Cone
struet With Her Own Hands a Home in
the Country —- Furnishings for the House
to Be of Her Own Handicraft Also.

To build her own bungalow is the project |
which Miss Eva Irene Chubb, a pupil in the
manual arta department at Teachers Col-
lege, is planning to carry out this sianmer
Miss Chubb proposes to be her own archi-
tect and to do a good part of the building
with her own hands as well as to stipervis®
that part which she isn't able to do herslf,
sueh for instance as the excavation for the
cellar. So confident is she that her hunga-
low will be finished and ready for occu-
pancy by August 1 that sie has already
given invitations for a housewarming

The bungalow is to be built on her father's
farm of 350 acres, a few miles north of Al-
bany, at Schuylerville. On a knoll about
half a mile from the house is the site. It
is a beautiful stretch of country and from
the broad veranda of the bungalow one
will be able to look out on a pretty and
picturesque stream, the Saratoga River,
which winds in and out among the hill- |
and valleys thereabouts

 

| themselves.

|

| thou

 

oe

preciation and its balance in the coin of
the realm, It is one of the moat interesting
tollgates along the feminine path of pleas-
ure,

{n its effect it ia quite diferent from the
big room overhead, which is electric lighted,
although the day outside is bright and
sunny, for ther@ must be a steady illumina-
tion here, in which alhahadesand tints have
dependable values. This is the workroom
where the perfect dreams are made.

In this room and the one adjoining are
long tabled, paralleled down the centre,
on which areepiled all the paraphernalia of
sewing. At each table sit eight or ten
girls, undef the superintendence of a de-
signer or head milliner.

Most of the girls are young, many of them
in their teens, and nearly all of them are
pretty. Their hair is flufily arranged;

} some of them wear dainty aprons, their
| aleeves are rolled

up, showing shapely
arms, and their expression is of quiet con-

tent in the sphere of life in which they find |
oue discon. |

There was not
tented girl seen in the whole two or three
hundred, while there were many who were
a0 absorbed in the matching of tints, the
clever manipulation of bows and rosettes,
the combination of certain flowers that they
were utterly. unconscious of the presénce
of strangers

Not all, however. One young
sidies up and bites the stem of a rose while
she asks demurely

“Are you going to take all our pictures
or only a few? Can't you squeeze me in?
I'm little. And when will it come out?”

‘They are o merry lot, apparently, these
milliner girls, and little discipline has to
be preserved, for, they are too interested
in their work to negiect it. At one table
a girl, looking 2s absorbed as if ahe were
painting a canvas, is putting the last stitches
nto a mass of brocade silk which looks

, as if it might have belonged to an old fash-

ioned gown of the Sir Joshua Reyno!lds
epoch, It has been formed into a mush-
room shape, fulled about the crown, and
the brim outhned with narrow rows of
ble velvet. The girl acknowledges the
praise of her work

“Tt is the first hat I ever designed,”
confesses,

She tries it
that sometime owner wi'l
piquant and pleasing as the maker

“Don't you ever wonder who is going to
wear theae hats?” ia asked this gir

“Oiten,” she answers. “Sometimes we
see them on (estreet,and it is quite a habit

ick

she

the

look

|

|

thing |

When she sees that attention is directed
toward her she holds them up against
a head, not her own,whioh is well coiffured
and attractive, but against a blond one
of her neighbor.

At the head of the tables sit the designers
high salarfed persons these, to whom the
hats made under their direction are brought
when the last stitches have been taken.
There is an oval mirror in front of each
and the trying on’ process is always one of
intense seriousness,

Girls stop with thread half bitten, plumes

     
 

held in air like the outriders of a stage army, |

pins half poked in, to make their own silent
criticism of approval or dismay. Occa-
sionally a murmur of delight runs around
a particular table and “Ain't it a peach!"
or “That for me every time!” breaks the
silence.

Possibly a hat has passed through half
a dozen hands before it finally reaches
the judge, who is very critical in regard to
it and notes every deficiency with eagle,
eye. If she fails in this be sure it will. be
noted when it has passed out of her ken
and goes to the final court of appeal, into

 

 

 

     

THE BEGINNING OF THE HAT.

 

madame's sanctum, the place where every
hat that leaves the establishment must
make a last appearance.

One might think that one had stepyed
from the core of New York life as shown
on the Fifth avenue pavements to a Paris
interior, for the greater part of the con-

|

!
}
|

|

' smart hat sacrificing every line and ourve

|

| it is very popular.

mustard yellow, wood violet, bronzes and ,
| the many shades of mauve and heliotrope —

|

 

'
|

'

versation ia carried on in French, The |
d@signers are French, the model hats have

all been imported, the greater part of the
stock has had a foreign genesis, and the

| girls look not unlike French girls in their

on and you can't hep hoping |
as |

'

coquetries of dress and manner, the fun

they poke at the one male buyer and the |

undercurrent of bubbling gayety

If you listen long and hard you may
perhaps hear a pronoun sometimes brought
into the converaation, It is a pronoun of
the third person, singular number, inas-
culine gender, ‘The conversation is some-
thing like this

' fow we do get are worth their weight in

\
“LT think the black band ought to go round

that way and
“No, the gray plume is on the left
“He told me all about it and it was her

| done the chasin’, just as I told you.”

'

with all of us to count how many of our

hate we can find on the avenue when we
go out, for we think they are the prettiest
in town or in the world, | guess,”

Near the visitora is seated a grave young |

person who is studying the eflect of a big
.
bunch of purple irises and mauve orchids,

which any one might accomplish if her
mind happened to be turned in that di-
But her friends don't think so
they gaze upon her with profound admira-

| tion, and after they have endeavored to
; rive nails in their dormitory bedroems,

witn the deepest respect

In explaining her pians Miss Chubb
pointed out that she was aiming more at
comfort and a certain picturesqueness of
aspect than a solution of any deep problem

in building construction,

“IT simply mean to have a bungalow where |
I can entertain my friends,” she aaid. “it
will be along the linea of a woods camp,

; with nothing of the elaborate detail that

characterizes some of the bungalows one
sees pictured in the magazines

“My plans call for a threo room building
on one floor, with a fireplace, broad veranda
and afew of the accessories cf the sort that
go to make up a typical summer cainp,
h as a matter of fact the building
could be used until snow flies if de tired, the
way it will be built.

*Sothing ususual will mark the conatruc-
tion ag to the frame work. Half logs from
which much of the bark has been removed
will cover the outer walls, These will
afterward be stained with a good creosote
atain in green, one that will atand the
weather and not fade

*The shack will have somewhat the ap-
pearance of a log cabin and will be par-
ticularly in harmony with the surroundings
for it will be nestled in the midst of a grove
of maples. Fortunately there is plenty of
maple and birch on the place which are
available, so that this will, for me, re-

On the bank of the river, which is not | duce the cost of construction.

more than fifty feet from where the buns
galow will stand, Miss Chubb will erea a 4
boathouse which is to house a slick little
Thousand Islands craft whieh this young
woman js now in the process of building.
For this addition to the plant she bought
plans and cut her boat according ly, making
no more ado about it than most women
might abont a dress or a shirtwais:.

Miss Chubb expects to leave college
about May bh and return to her home in
order to put her project into operation,
and much of her time meanwhile is being
spent in studying the mysteries of building
construction and in perfeoting her plans so
that she can proceed with as little delay as
possible, When seen at the college re-
cently she was at her bench deepein the
mysteries of cabinetmaking.

She was just putting the finishing touches
to a table done in mission style, one of a
number of similar pieces of furniture de-
signed for the new bungalow. For every-
thing now is being done with that end in
view, and up to date there are besides the
table a settle, a wood box, atabourette and
a desk. .

Miss Chubb, who looks like a girl that can
do things, didn't think that her determina-
tion to build her own bungalow was a matter
of exciting moment. It just looked to her
like a plain every day sort of operation

 

‘

» .

SS

gf Ri

ed

Cilaat  tdih

“The interior finish and trim will consist
probably of the maple and the sawing can
be done at the mill in town, Another
product of the farm which will be brought

| into use is the fleld stone, which will be used
| to build the fireplace and also for the four
| stout square pillara which will suppor the
, ten foot veranda running across the front

of the house,

“Besides one large living room covering
16 by 24 feet floor space there will be a bed-
chamber nearly as large except for a small
space taken from it to be used for a kitch-
enette, The Jatter opens, as does the bed-
room, from the living room on one side of
the fireplace.

“Panels of birch will sheathe the walls
of the rooms, while the ceiling will show
beams. .and ratters of maple left in a semi-
rough finish. On either side of the fire-
place, which will be big anough to take in
nix foot logs, a settle will be built, and in
the two corners of the room at either side |
of the front door low divans will be pl ;
over which book shelves will be hung or |
rather built in.”

When, asked if she looked for any diffi-
culty in building Miss Chubb said she didn't |
«ross bridges until she got to them, but so
far aa she could see she didn't think she
would have any trouble; at any rate she
wasn't looking for it.

By no means the least attractive part of
the furnishings of the bungalow will be the

| articles which Mies Chubb has made herself
| in the manual arts course at the college.

In fact it might be safely predicted that
nearly all of the furnishings will be in the
handiorafts.

| line of

°

|

|

| neck a

the sweetest girl with a V cut
real Cluny underneath,”

“He was so mean that he told her if she
brought the other girl along she'd have
to pay for herself.”

*T 8a

| nade, but the times are too strenuous for

“Yes, heliotrope maline under the crown,” |

“The idea, | never thought of hif that
way, never!"
Then there is a long, large round “Oh!” of

MANY GIFTS TO SALESWOMEN

48 REWARDS FROM CUSTOMERS
WHO ARE WELL SERVED.

A Complete Quit of Lingeric for a Young
Woman (bout to Wed Who Lad Pleased
a Shopper-tn the High Class shops
Largess at Hollday Thie ts Common,

Saleswomen havo learard tial it pays to |

| be attentive to cus -omers,

In the days when women were feeling
their way elony toward bis'as3 recog: |

|
|
}

nition and positions of trus. and were not |

8» cocksire of finding work in a depart-
ment store as they are now their business
manners wer? bettor, it is said. Asa rule
the saleswoman was more interested
gaining a cus:omer than in the a of her
hair puffs or the fit of a bracelet. This

in |

| big bill of goods she bou

painstaking attitude in many ins'1inces has

quite disippeared in favor of an “I am it” -
expression not 8) highly appreciated by
customers ‘

In consequence nowadays a customer
who chances on a saleswoman anxious and
willing to please, who takes an interes
or simulates an interest in the customer's
selections and who really goes to some

trouble to get her what sie wants is de- | o
. | saleswoman in one of the best known de-

lighted. She ass for the saleswoman's
store number or her name, and at her next
visit to that department sie asks for that
sailéswoman and will take no one else if
she can help it. If her favorite is absont
the customer will often postpone her B1op-
ping until the next day

Once her confidence ia gained sie will
buy twies as miny goods usially as sie
would buy from a sileawoman who thinks
her duty done when she syreads out the
merchandis: ase! for, ‘Tais alons is a
feather in the s:'eawomin's cap, the size of
her siles having a distinct relation to the
size of her pay

But the matter doesn't end there. New
York's rich women are plentiful and they
are generous, Sotms instances:

“[ shall be in next week to wee you about
the other things; | haven't time to-day," a
customer told a saleawoman, and in reply
was informed that the saieswomen would
not be on hand then, that she expected to
go to the hospital in a few days for an onera-
tion. That same afternoon the girl received

; & present of $59 from the customer, and while

| in the hospital many gifta of jelly and flowe

 

lt

  
 
     

Oe ee eee pian her EN +» :

ers from the same source,
Last winter a young woman about to be

| of coral to be found in Europe, where it wag ...
! purchased, 5

| her with the chain.

' she is asked to lend a hand in making seleo-

married was presented with a complete |

outfit of lingerie, such as in her wildest
dreams she had never hoped to possess, by
a customer whose wants she had attended
to for nearly five years, What is more, the
woman almost wept on learning that hier
avorite was going to leave the stBre.

{
i }
Sel

  

I

at 4 Ld é widen ak Mis his ‘

| thie,”

  
 

approval as one of the milliners
completed hat, the first of half @
ordered for the bridesmaids at a
delphia wedding. It is of white lace, the 4
broad, down dropped brim covered with s+.
narrow flutings of lace and blue: ribbon, ©)
a tiny wreath of pink roses outlines the ¥
crown, and there is ‘a broad bandeau of blue a
underneath. It costa only $40. +. ) re

“When I'm married I ain't goin’ to wear’
a hat. I won't have people say I'm adver-
tisin’ the firm.”

“He——"

You never find out what he did or did not
do, for your attention is attracted at that
moment by the designer, who hasa moment
of leisure and you take advantage of it, She
is French; fluffy haired and young.

“Where do I get my ideas? » I don't
know, I get them everywhere, Twigs a

year our buyers go to to
else—and Lo

  

    
   
  
  

   
      
         
      
             
     
       
       
   
         
       
         
        
     
      
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
 
    
     
       
         
      
         
             
       
       
         
       
       
       
       
     
       
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
    
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
        
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
    
    
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
    
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
     
    
  
  
    
   
 
   
     
   
     
    
        
         
           
         
  
  

I Pa ee

  

Palisa, never anywhere
chases the most attractive models,

*From these I get many )
I combine the trimmings of some: She
shapes of others. I try com t of
colors, while the regular milliners and eopy-

  
 

ores

 

ee ne ae eS See

Ss a

PS

KOLO ER KL

ee

 

ists duplicate these modelg for the stock
and for outside orders.

“There was never a time when the,hat
seemed to demand a certain touch thatéaa-
not really be described as lt does tordlay.
There was never a time when it req .
such hard work to construct, for hate ate
just like everything else—people must have
something new all the time, and there are
lots of women who would rather wear a

of the face than they would something be-
coming that is inconspicuous,

“Take the new diabolo shape, for example;
that is becoming to but very few and yet
One of thé girls calls
it a chicken in a flower pot, and that de-
scribes it very well, J

“Then the new colors, the duck green,

have to be put together in endless com-
binations. The women who know expect
designers to combine the most weird tints
and colors, and the ensemble must be abso-
lutély harmonious. For example, take —

She shows a hat made of many shades of
violets and orchid tinta and surrounded with
a wreath of blue cornflowers, Would you
think those colors could be put together
unless you saw it? The secret is in the
gradations and mingling.

At the feather table the curler is lament-
ing the fact that the winter demand has
mado a great deficit in the supply of her
matorial. a

“If you should go to Paradise you wouldn't
find a bird there,” she says sadly, “The

‘

.

gold, and all the gulle’ breasts you have been
admiring, fashionab! ¢ as they are, are made
at the factories, for it is against the law to
sell one of the real ones or to haye itin your °*
possession, som

“Aigrettes have gone up in price, Here
is a white hat with just a little chiffon on it ”"
and a big bunch of aigrettes and it is priced
at $80. Ina few years those aigrettes will
be worth twice that sum if the fashion for
them centinues,”

It was only a fow yoars ago that all the
hats were sent out under the care of’small
girls who were a feature of the daily prome- *

any such slow method of delivery, and now
only a half dozen are kept on the em-*
ployeos list, and they are called onto take
eharge of special ordere

~

 

—

 

In sharp distinction to this is the case of «#0
a much coiffured, jewelry trimmed young
woman who remarked to a customer she
occasionhlly served: “I shall not be here
after to-day. 1 am going to be married,”
and got this reply: “Weill, I hope you will
mike a better wife than you have a sales-¢
woman,”

In the higher class shops gt the holidays.
saleswomen who have been lucky enough
to attract a personal clientele receive many
evidences of the liking of their customers.
One got ten presents last year, the smallest
costing $10, the largest $60, and in the same
store at least twenty young women were
remembered generously ly customers both
at Christmas and at Easter.

In telling of the gift of a handsome breast-
pia of pearls from a young bride a sales- _:
woman added; “I did take a lot of trouble ;
to help that young woman select her trous-
seau, or as much of it as she bought here,
often getting permission to leave my own
department to take her to another depart.
ment and put her in good hands, but 1,
never expected any other av than, the
t

The widow of a once ve rominent
Washington Government official, who doesn't
live in New York but does her shopping
here, never fails to remember at Christmas |
certain employees of certain shops upon
whom she relies to fill all her orders, whether
given in person or by mail, and her presents
are always handsome and selected With
appreciation. This practice is followed by +**
many other out of town women,

The owner of a pink coral chain whioh
is the envy of every one who es it is a
partment stores. Every link of the chain, © °*
which is one and a half yards long, is ex-
quisitely cut and represents the finest

i

It was on her return from a European
trip that the purchaser nearly took the
saleswoman's breath away by presenting °
“And I had thought
her as unappreciative as she is exacting,”
confessed the saleswoman afterward, re-
proaching herself. "

One of the largest gifts yet given to a
saleswoman by a customer, 80 far as known,
was made a few years ago in the will of a... 4
prominent New York woman, A sales —_
woman who for five years had invariably
waited on her when she visited a certain
department got $5,000. '

There is one case of a woman employee»
of a New York store asking customers not
to give her presents, This woman ranks
higher than a saleawoman and she is not
confined to any one department. Of a
lovely disposition, her advice and assistance
are always at the service of known custom-
ers of the house! and time and time again

af

>
‘

tions. Acknowledgment of her courtesy
meant before long a shower of gifts and
offers of other attentions which meant a
money outlay, and they placed her under
Obligations which she Tosad hampered an
impartial cistribution of her attention fo
customers, Now she always declines gifts
wi much mrititude and without giving
off , and manages to let customers know
in advanes her atytu te,

“Were Ta saleswoman restricted to ons
departinent of cours» my feeling would be
quite diferent,” she admits /

‘
A