a ey

. having them.

THEY LIKE TAE CROWDED LIFE

DWELLERS AT CLOSE QUARTERS
NOT NECESSARILY WRETCHED.

Facts for the Sociologists Which Upset
Wome Theories of the Congestion of
Popciation—Thrifty Foreigners Live
en 6600 a Year and Save Money.

Many families living in upper Fifth ave-
nue and near Fifth avenue spend $50,000 a
year. A few Bow York families spend
more than that. A far larger percentage

of families spend between $5,000 and $10,000

a year. In more congested districts fami-
lies live on from $500 to $800 a year,

Data furnished by conscientious sociol-
ogista would indicate that the last named
claps is wretched—such unilluminating

There are plenty of Russians all around |

 

here who are saving money, who make @
practice of saving 4 little moi every
|month, From hig own ‘standpoint and

NBW YORK IN GAYER DRESS

| the standpoint of his people these menar®| GREATER VARIETY IN COLOR

prosperous and their children very lucky
and their wives very fortunate, From
the standpoint of the onnept lady I men-
tioned I suppose they and their families
are very miserable, It all depends on
how you look at it.

“A’kind lady who belongs to a free kin-
dere-cten in the next street eald one day
to me: ‘How dreadful to be a stoker on a

| vessel.’ And when I grinned she sald quite

 

indignantly: ‘How would you like to stand
in front of a raging furnace for hours at a
time shovelling, shovelling” ;

*T couldn't, ma'am,’ I answ ;

“Well, then,’ she said triumphantly,
‘why do you smile?’

*‘Becatise I know that moat stokers have
been trained for the {cb that maybe their
fathera were stokers before them that
they are husky chane ‘fitted physically to
shovel and to stand a terrific lot of heat.

things are figures, but many of the fami- | The stoker's work is no harder for him

lies themselves and their personal friends | than your work ia for you,’

do pot hold this view at all.

When short of material for their note |},
. re branches out and takes a lar flat
books students of sociology always alight | or a of a house and his wife sina nome

on New York. What they would do with-
out New York isnot easy toimagine. Their
pet ground is the lower East Side, the upper
Fast Side, the middie West Side anda atrip
in the section which includes Chinatown.

|
|
‘

*‘Oh,' said she, ‘I hadn't thought of that.’
“When a foreigner who is settled down

of her work done it's because he’s going
into politics and feels that he must make |
some show. That's the only thing pen- |
erally that ever makes any of the families |
in this neighborhood change their habits |
much, and it's something that the folke |

Sometimes they requisition the millionaire ; who live uptown near Fifth avenue don't |

digtriot for contrast.
In the latter case students merely gaze

. treapectfully at the exterior of houses,

whereas in the case of the $600 a year man
they do not hesitate to penetrate boldly
into the innermbdst dish closet, particularly
if the family is new to the country and un-
certain whether cr no such attentions are
inoluded in American etiquette, as witness
a foreigner who thought he must submit to
sharing his flat with a lively coterie of
croton bugs.

One day a physician called in to attend |

a sick child seeing some of the pests sprint-
ing around the kitchen asked:

“Why don't you get rid of them?”

“Eet ees Americana,” replied the tenant
with a resigned wave of his hand.

Those who have been residents of the
localities named for a longer time arb
leas complacent than the newcomers when
their dish closets are invaded. The rank

element even go 80 far now as to resent

being asked by strangers how often they |

take a bath and to show no particular grati-
tude upon hearing that familiew of five

or six children and their parents living |

in four rooms of a crowded tenement in |
| and better furniture, and the clothes are

& populous street are dubbed “wretched,”
“miserable” + by childless matrons and
bachelor women who reside in the fash-
lonable hotel district.

It isn't nearly #0 easy as it used to be
for curiosity seekers to make free and easy
with the dwellings of families of small
Means, and this, said a man who knows
enough about the manner of living of
different nationalities to have an adjus-
table point of view is a splendid refutation

charge that the poorest families are neces- |

sarily miserable,
As persons who have travelled know,
the Italian, the Russian, the German, the

Irish immigrant and his family almost |

without exception love populous centres
and abhor segregation. Set any one of
them alone in a big house in a quiet, lonely

locality where there are no swarms of ,

children and where camping on the sicde-
walk and hanging out of the windows is
not good form, and he and his wife would
be “wretched,” “miserable.”

Three boys living. in Chrystie street who |

had read and heard of MruCarnegie's wealth
and benevolences were taken
by a well meaning woman to gaze at his
big Fifth avenue house and the beautiful
surrounding garden. The boys admired
the place--admired it very much, as could
he learned by their comments; they ap-
proved of the neighborhood too,

*T suppose you would like to live tip here,” |

remarked their guide as they stood waiting |
{ than the Italian

for a car to take them downtown, The
boys looked at one another and to her
surprise said nothing. She repeated her
remark,

“No-o,” said one, finally
folks in Chrystie street,”

“We can have more fun where we live,”
said the second,

*Nuttin' doin' up here,”
third.

A man who in the years when his nine
children were growing up lived in a tene-
ment flat east of the Bowery, and now owns
and occupies a brownstone house in the
upper West Side of the town confesse 1
candidly that the tenement house days
were the happiest of his life.

« we moved to a house and my two
eldest married and moved away, the wife
and I felt real lonely,” said he.” “I was
the eldest of eleven children myself,

and quite used to crowding, and I never
seed luxuries, because I wasn't used to

“There's more

grinned the

There wasn't such a lot of
talk when I wasa young manasthere is now
about high wages and how much or how
little a workingman could support his
family on, and all of us had to count pennies
as carefully then as workingmen count
them now. We didn't pay so much rent
perhaps, but we paid more for some other
things, and wages were lower too than they

are now.

“What's the use,” asked an intelligent

merchant of the East Side, ‘of trying to

some folks understand that because

are families of six, eight and ten
Fving down here in a few roome these
families are living in the style that suits
them best and in some cases could afford
to pay for twice the number of rooms if
the man of the panty, maneee to live up to
his income; th&t the Pole, the Russian, the
Ita is not unhappy when crowded and
that he would be wretched if placed in an
leoptes place, Americans, who know
not! ing whatever of foreigners except
what they have read, can't understand
that a diet which seema unwholesome to
them is perfectly healthy for the Russian
and highly enjoyed by him,

“We had a good laugh the other day at
a story written by some one from a college
who had visited the slums, as she called
them,fand had seen two or three families
ft a, It would bring tears to the eyes

the way she described the awful
food—that’s what she called it—the mothers
ond fathers and children were eating, and
which ost any fool knows is the favorite
dish Russians and Poles. God knows,
there's a lot of downright poverty in New
York and plenty of families who have next
to nothing to five on, but this writer was

aK | The hove? may he verv clean
and file of the reapectable, hard working

know.” \

A physician who goes out and in_the
homes of the residents of a crowded West
Side ouarter and ie intimately acquainted
with the habits of the men and women of |
foreign countries who have settled - there
save most foreigners are unhanpy with-
out close neighbors, except in the case of |
Italians who have followed agricultural
habite in the old country. In their case
the ambition of the man is to save enough |
to rent a place in The Bronx or elsewhere. |
Rut even when they have dane this. the |
doctor said, the same habit of crowding, |
of \ceeping things in confusion so notice-
able in the tenements occupied by Italians
is rractised.

“What apnesra to me and to the average
American visiter to en Italian's anart-
ment to be confusion is not confusion to
the Italian,” he aiid. “There is no one
time when clothing and other belongings
are all atraichtened out and put awav after
the fashion recommended bv parish visitors
no nartiowlar dav when the place seems
leas in confusion than it was the dav before
eaarulel

find the Italians clean—but from the narish
visitor's stondpoint it will be in confusion,

It iA thie fact which causes all sorts of

ridiculous stories to be put in circulation
about the Italians
“As the Italian in this neiehborheod

nrosners he does not rent a larger fint
but hie wife and children huv gaver clothes

riled in heans covered with a curtain as
the noorer clothes were. :

“A lot fa aiid and written about dirty
Ttalian children which they don't deserve
See them playin in the street and gen- |
erally thev are dirts because they are $9
healthy. It takes a healihy child to ret
dirty. and some pareons forget thie. Fi-
nancially I find’ the Italians make good

that their word ig to be relied on, that thev

are peaceable and law abiding and happy
in their homes

“The Black Hand contineent is no more

like the average hard working Italian than

' ia an ordinary American thug or hobo

like the tank and file of good American

|

|

|

|

|

{

|

{

|

'

|

|

|
wanta more variety in his menu. For a
| family of seven the food bills would amount

citizens

I have known families of Italians
whos? income was $5 or $6 a week and who

got along without suffering even with three
children inthe family. The most prosoer -
ous around here &vend, I should aay, about

#4 a week for food for a family of seven,
which includes five children

“The Italfan doesn't love meatand he
doesn't care for variety, He will eat spa-
ghetti three times aday and neger kick.
Add to this vegetables and soune and a
peculiar, substantial bread they bake, amd
the Italian asks nothing better. When his
income warrants him buying more lusuries
instead of doing that he saves. Some of

uptown | the sociologists don't know this, and the

miserable homes sometimes described by
them are homes most comfortable and
happy from the Italian's outlook and their
occupants have savings in the bank,
“With the Germans, and there are many
around here, it is different. The German

to about $7 a week, and vet relatively the
family would be living no more luxuriously
The German's saving is
done in another direction—that is, the class
1 have to deal with, and take him all and
all I call the German the tightest propo-
sition on earth when it comes to parting
with cash.

“The Jew is tight in business, but he
will spend money, #hen he has for the
pleasure of himself and family. 1@ poor
German does not spend money for pleasure;
he saves that money and keeps adding
to it. They save all that is possible on house
rent, a son or a daughter who marries gen-
erally coming home to live in order to re-
duce expenses all around, and {t would
surprise some of these families very much

if told that some visitor called them pov- |’

erty stricken and miserable.

“The Lrish families around here spend
more than the foreigners when they have
it and go without more cheerfully when
they don't have it. An Irishman can't get
nearly ao much out of $500 a vear as an
Italian or a German, but the Irish tempera-
ment never allows any family to be unhappy
when the man of the family has work, no
matter how crowded the flat is. Where
the German apenda $7 for food the Irieh-
man spends $10 if he has it. The Irish bill
of fare wanta plenty of meat and potatoes.
It will cut out vegetables every time in favor
of meat, and meat costa the more, and it
wante beer to wash down the victualse—
plenty of beer. A poor Trishman seldom
saves anything or tries to save. If a few
dollara get into the bank itis generally the
wife who puta them there

“In the case of the Irish families in this
neighborhood | have noticed that even when
the man’s wages are increased beyond a
certain sum needed for food, rent and clothes
he is really no better off, for the reason that
the surplus goes for amusements and more
heer instead of more house rent. There
are Triahmen in this neighborhood, though,
who have saved money. They are called
almost wealthy. And yet they live in a

they earned only a few hundreds a year.
They are quite satistied to live in a flat of
a crowded ten t house, I am certain,
a) why on @arth should the sociologiata
bother about it?”

DHE SLANDERED ‘GATOR,

A Meek and Lowly Freak, Not a Consumer
of Pickaninnies, Says Prof. Reese.

Wasnrnorton, April 26.—The Smithsonian
Institution has just issued an account of a
series of observations of the American
alligator conducted under its supervision
hy Prof. Albert M. Reese. The observations
were made in the Everglades, the smaller
awamps and lakes of central Florida and

Gesorfbing quite well to do folks who could | the Okefenoke swamp in lower Georgia.

uy plenty of food, and

them miserably noor
“Pay the Russians in this neighborhood
twice ag much as they now get, or let the
Ruasiana in business for themselves make
twice as much money as they now make,

she called
h

|

j
|

and they wouldn't move away from here |

or hire more roome either. A Russian
of a Greek or an Itatian who settles around
here wants to live close to his work. He
would rather sleep on the sidewalk near
shop than move ten blocks away from
it into a fine apartment. If his family
doegn't crowd the four or five or six rooma
he rents he generally takes in one or two
boarders so that it will be crowded,

“Now, Americans don't approve of thia,
and I think they are right. But isn't this
afree country? And so long as the health
laws are not violated and the family is
satisfied, why try to make out that every
one who lives in the Ghetto or in Little
ev 98 tie Beale west Side is suffer-

end wre y unhappy? Why not

tet folks be happy in their own way!
There is an Italian | know who owns
a large tenement bought by his own savings
while his large family continues to live in
four rooms. He and his family still live
in a small flat when they are not sitting
on the sidewalk, and they don’t hanker,

A

Prof. Reese indicates that in spite of its
oarse bellow and the legends of its vo-
raciousness handed down by the American
negroes of long ago, the alligator is really
In fact, it is said that in
towns ‘gators

a docile animal.
some Southern seacoast

' have been domest!oatc2.

It has been a popular belief that picka-
ninny meat is the favorite diet of the alli-
ator, but that is not true, fora little negro
boy can chase a ‘gator anywhere. When a
‘gator stretched out on a Yee sunning itself

flat of evactly the style they lived in when

| gees, out of the one eye that it keeps open

 

even while asleep, the approach of a little
negro with a atick it takes a dive and stays
under water until the shadow passes.

The American abigator is pronounced
to be not as bad as it been made out to
he in story books, but in fact a meek and
lowly freak of the water and marshy places,
lt ia gradually becoming extinct, disap-
pearing before the onward march of civiliza-
tion, and especially because of the hunt

 

|
| for ite hide for leather.

| coddli ‘gator t i
I guess, after any other style of house. | 4 bik quiet Go cain) wel Solow

Prof. Reese was aided in his hunt for
alligator eggs by a Miami halfbreed down
in Florida, who is known as the ‘Gator
aremp merchant and is called Alligator
Bill, It is said that when Bill is through

around like a dog

ave

|{s also a considerable allowance of blue |
| the structure one of the most conspicuous

SCHEME OF BUILDING.

Bricks iand Falence in Many Tints Are
Coming Inte General Use With Good
Resulte—More Progressivences in the
West, Where Cities Glow With Color.

The New Yorker most indifferent to the
aspect of his city must have observed that
ite appearance is changing in more par-
tioulars than in the skyline, Buildings are
not merely going up'further into the air
than they ever did before; they are taking
on more varied, shades of color,

eon as
yd Ns .
. i d,
|
4 polo arert i

ELECTROLIER STANOARO FOR
DINAGOGVE IN PITTS
COLORS; /VORM YELLOW,
BLUE, GREEN AND WHITE,

 
   

It's a very humble house in the newer |
quarters of the cit} ‘way up town that does |
not possess a green tile roof, Then the |
outside walle are certain to be built of some
kind of brick differing altogether from the |
common or garden red that used to be known |
as brickdust. With its red walls and its
green roof, no self-respecting architect
would hesitate to make the color echeme |
still more splendid, So the woodwork is
certain to be painted in a sympathetic tone
of gray or brown.

It is in the architecture of the apart- |
ment houses in this quarter that the play of
color has been restrained least. One block
shows a row of yellow brick facades orna-
mented with woodwork in Delft blue, There

 

in the mouldings of the far projecting cor-
nice,

No less ornamental to the landscape is
a row of apartments of dark red brick
which possesses at a distance the soft look
of velvet. Its tone is the deep glow of cer-
tain geraniums. The woodwork of the
windows, the main entrances and the iron
railings in front have been painted a bright
gray—not a light gray, but a dark, vivid
shade.

More variety is to be found in another
facade which has alternating dark red and
blue bricks. The possible variety in this
particular may be understood from the
enterprise of one company which alone
offers to supply builders with bricks in
sixteen different colors. Three shades of
green, two grays, blue in three tints, brown
in four not including a shade called choco-
late, green in two, amd whites that vary |
from cream to ivory, are to be found in this
list. With tiles for roofing in nearly as
many shades there is practically no limit
to the colors that may yet delight the eyes
of New Yorkers.

But it is the use of faience or terra cotta
that is to work the greatest color trans-
formation. At least the architects of
this city have realized that the various
manufacturers of faience are turning out
work admirably adapted to their purposes,
For such precedents they need seek no
leas admired period than the Italian Renais-
sance and attempt to adapt to modern
use some part of the principle which through
the work of Lucca della Robbia did 60 much |
to beautify Florence and other Italian
cities. This phase of New York's deco- |

SHAD OF FINEST FLAVOR|

CAUGHT IN THE UPPER REACHES
OF THE DELAWARE,

 

The Fishing Carried On Just as It Was a
Centary Ago and Often by the Des
cendants of the Original Settiers—Mil-
ford’s Star Catch—A Shad Breakfast.

A stranger in almdéet any of the villages
in the upper Delaware Valley at this season
of the year, if he is an early riser, will be
surprised by the sight of wagons heaped
with shad of a size and plumpness not
often , and he will be further surprised
to i that these fish are not mero than
four or five hours out of the water. Some-
thing little to be suspected there high among
the hills, with no large waters near. If
for his breakfast he partakes of the shad
placed before him he will be prepared to
confess that he never before enjoyed the
flavor of the fish as it is found in the fine
specimens taken from the pure waters of
the upper Delaware.

To those pure waters shad annually re-
sort to find spawning places, pushing their
way since the rémoval of some dams and
the establishing of fishways in others
negrly to the headwaters of the river, a
destination nearly four hundred miles
from tidewater. The shad fisheries of the
upper Delaware are the same in method
to-day as they were when the pioneers
settlers first put in their nete more than
a century and a quarter ago. ,

The best of them sre along the Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey shores. The fish-
ing is done at night, and frequently, if the
fish are in lively play, is kept up until dawn.

| One of the oldest and most noted of these
| Ssboricn io jus eahow Sitend, P

,.

' THE si

| architecture,
| been

| trace of such use if it exists,

 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

oN BUNT ¥, APR

ration is still in its infancy, but
there is no doubt of its impending
importance,

“The West Street Building at
90 Weet street.” said Sturgis
Laurence, who has studied closely
the subject of color faience in New York
“is the first example of
colored faience in interior ornament.
It is barely possible that there may have
isolated cases previous to the
erection of this office building about ten
years ago, but I have never found any
From that
beginning the use*of fai@nce spread rapidly
until it reached the exterior. ‘ea

“It is an unfortunate fact that uffore-
seen circumstances have delayed indefi-
nitely the construction of a building which
would have served as a wonderful object
leason in the beauties of thie new move-
ment. This was a building to be erected
on @ triangular lot. Half of it consisted of

| a tower, to be constructed wholly of colored

faience, The situation would have made

in town and New York would suddenly
have reached a knowledge of the beauties
of faience in building that it will take a
number of years for it to acquire through
leas striking examples.”

Every New Yorker who rides on the sub-
way has the chance to see in twenty-three
stations the result of the use of faience
in the cornices and cartouches. The fagade
of the Automobile Club in West Fifty-fourth
wtreet is ornamented by man? applica-
tions of pale green and yellow faience,
the windows of the large room on the second
floor being surrounded with garlands in
green. The lion house in the Zoological
Garden has the same colored detail. The
clubhouse for the Ancient Order of Hi-
bernians and the new station house of the
Forty-first precinct are recent examples

of the use of colored faience. Faience | building of which two floors are used for @ | astration and other knotty points in con-

appears for the first time on an official
building on the station house shown in

the picture. The bricks are red and the | consists of fruits and flowers in the natural | steo| construction may occupy the time

clock as well as the other decorative de-
tail ia done in colored faience. Here the

ee ee Pe we

et

ory
ees

peer

~ ona”

nue and Fifty-eighth street. Every alter-
nate story is marked by an entablaiure
of colored brick about ten by three feet in
size. This scheme is repeated,

This method of ornamentation has made
much less rapid progress in domestic
architecture, and there seems to be to-day
only three houses in New York that show
the influence of this movement. One is a

the style of the Art Nouveau. Its facade

is of colored brick, with frequent use of |
Thia |

colored glaze in various designs.
house was created eo long in advance of
the taste for it that no demand for its
occupancy came for a long time.

| Perhaps this experience discouraged

| other architects, for no more colored houses |

{came for some time, and then they were
| built on the order of their owners and not
for speculative purposes. One in Park
; avenue has on ita red brick fagade the
signs of the zodiac in faience, while another
| in Sixty-eighth street is much more dis-
creetly adorned with only the colored
faience in the details of the facade,
“The cities outside of New York,” Mr.
Laurence told Tur SUN reporter, “have
progressed beyond the metropolis in their
exterior use of color. Palmer & Horn-
| bostel, architects for the Carnegie Technical
| Schools in Pittsburg, have used color
| liberally in their work there and in the
| synagogue, of which one of the electroliers
| is shown here. In these electroliers, as
| well as in the facade of the synagogue,
| there has been a most unrestrained use
of color.
| “In Rochester there is a church of which
the steeple is built of colored faience, and
, in another church in the West color has
| been used inside and out.
“In Cincinnati there has been a most

| elaborate use of colored faience for com-
mercial purposes. The lower parf of a

‘shop has been surrounded with a wide
frame of Rookwood pottery. The design

colors, so there is no lack of brilliancy to
this shop. Above the faience berder en-

Rookwood tiles are used in the form of | closing the plate glass windows of the two
friezes and panels which harmonize with | floors of the shop is an ornate cornice of

the colored tile roof and enrich the color
scheme of the exterior.

Faience as the exterior adornment of |
apartment houses was used first by Snelling
& Potter in the Nottingham at 35 East
Thirtieth street. The lower part of the |

tiles as to interrupt the monotony of the |
red brick. More elaborate is the use of
colored bricks in the new apartment house
now in course of construction at Park ave-

 

Shad have been taken during the season
at this fishery year in and year out for 100
years. Descendants of the original share-
holders in it own shares in it yet and fish as
their ancestors did. Old timera remember
yet and recount with almost bated breath
the astounding haul of shad made at this
fishery some fifty years ago.

“We ketched that night in that one haul,”
said one of these Pike county ancients,
“enough shad to supply the whole town
for a week, Eleven hundred and nineteen
shad, not a little one among ‘em, came
ashore in that haul. Eleven hundred and
nineteen shad in a eeine fifty yards long
and six feet deep. Most like a miracle!"

The visitor of a night to this old fishery
will find a be@ch of sand a few yards wide
sloping down to the water from a high
bank up and down which is a dense growth
of water birches and elms. A great fire on
this shore lights up the scene brilliantly
for a wide circle about and casts weird
shadows out upon the river.

If there has been fishing a beap of plump
shad will lie gleaming in the firelight. Ifa
haul has just been made the fishermen are
sitting or lying about in the sand waiting
for the shad to'gather again and listening
for the sound of their play in the water,
which will soon be heard in musica! splash-
ings ow the surface out among the shadows
on the river, Thia is the signal the fisher-
men promptly answer,

In the stern of the old fashioned flat
bottomed boat, just the eame style of boat
that the first shad seine was carried in at
that fishery a century ago, the large meshed
seine is lying in form to be readily cast over-
board by one fisherman as the boat is rowed
out upon the river by another, One end
of the seine is held on shore.

The boat is rowed up stream until the net
is all out. Then it is down stream
and headed back to shore, the oeine,
one end held op shore by three men and th

€

 

the faience surmounted with the supports
for a row of electric lights. Such a com-
plete appliance of an art product to com-
mercial purposes has rarely been witnessed
in this country, although many architects
believe that the future will bring forth

| facade was #0 ornamented with colored | many instances of this use.

“It ie not difficult to realize why the
Western cities should have been so much
prompter than New York to adopt faience
in exterior work. They are in the first

other end fast to the stern of the boat, being
thus hauled in a half circle.

The chug of the oarlocks comes from out
on the river and echoes among the Jerse
rocks on the opposite shore. A man with
a long bushy pole stands two or three rods
below the shore seine men thigh deep in
the water. The sound of the oarlocks
draws nearer and presently the boat comes
out of the darkness into the rim of light
from the fire on shore.

As it drawa within a few feet of the shore
the man with the bushy pole wildly beats
the water Below them. With one or two
quick, strong strokes the two oarsmen
send the clumay boat high on the sandy
beach. The net is dragged ashore and
its glistening, etruggling burden cast out
upon the sand,

Then the seine is made ready in the stern
of the boat for another haul. And so the
routine of the night goes on until a water
haul or two—a haul empty of results as to
shad-warns the fishermen that the night's
run of shad is over.

Just as the founders of the fishery di-
vided their catch a hundred years the
result of the night's fishing is now divided
As many shares in the fishery as are fished
of a night come in cn the division. A
shareholder who does pot fish or who does
not send some one to fish his share has no
part in that night's catch.

It is impossible to divide a catoh into lots
of equal value owing to the differences in
ga. a number of Se fish. The

eren are made as equal as possib
and are disposed of by chance. ”

One of the fishermen turns his hack so
that he cannot see the piles of shad. Some
one of the o points to one of the
and says, * aball have this?” The
man with his back turned mentions the
name of any person who is entitled to a
share and that person accepta the lot with-
oat 4 maureEEr GBS 60 Gm Noell 6B ase die-
“Yes, sir,” said a Pike county re
olden time, ‘tow the sind et tee
unsullied waters of the upper
not only among us but in
aken from these waters and
r it should be, this filah becomes
simply a gastronomic poem.
ou want a breakfast fit for
the geds, go out early in the morning and

s

PED BRICH WALLS, BLUE TILL ROOF ANDO
PANELS ON WALLS, FORTYIIAST STATION HOUSE,
MOSHOLU, PARKWAY.

 

residence high up on Fifth avenue built in |

 

al

a a” g |
a

 
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

place less shackled by the force of tradition,
and in the second their natural condition
is more favorable to faience,
not absorb coal eoot like brick or granite,
but refuses to let it sink in deeper than the

surface, It cannot be made eternally
dingy even by the atmosphere of Pitts-
urg.”

The details shown. herewith come of
course in a variety of colors, and the future
aspect of New York buildings may be
conjectured from the list of tints in the
catalogues of the various potteries, The
designs shown here, as we)l as a number
that are not reproduced, come in white,

| ivory, brown, green, blue, purple, red,
| violet and black, and in many different
| shades of ajl these colors. So varied are

they that the textures in some cases have
the delicacy of flowers, in others they are
| a8 mellow as old leather, while there are
; Some with the hard brilliancy of metals.
} As in all products of an artistic’ rather
| than a mechanical process, there are varia-
| tions not to be guarded against in the
reaulis :
| The United States is by no means the
first country to take to the use of colored
; faience in adorning its buildings, and in-
| deed stands kehind England in point of
promptness. We are ahead in all but time,
| however, as the English faience used for
the purpose is regarded by experts as
| not nearly so fine in color or texture as that
| vane here, and as more the product of
| routine mechanical processes unrelieved
| by any idea of art
| France also has adopted liberally the
use of colored pottery. Both here and in
Germany the art nouveau movement has
not been without its influence. The effect
of these color schames is more striking in
a city like New York, which never knew
such varieties in the past. The red brick
and white marble period of the middle ‘80a,
the succesding monotone of brown
e and the white stone homes in the

 

French and Georgian styles ware the only
color schemes that were possible to resi-
dential regions, In the business parts of
the city there was in the past no thought
given to anything so frivolous as color.
Stability and improssiveness with the
utilization of all the awailable space were
the problems that interested architects,
Now they are able, however, to turn their
minds to other details of construction.
The skyscraper haa been conquered, Fen-

nection with this subject have also been
solvei, and ornamenting the shel! of the

of the architects,
They have the examples of antiquity

| and the Renaissance for their work in color,
and the satisfaction of. knowing that it
will last much longer than the color of the
| past. The painted temples of antiquity
| and the frescoed houses of the Renaissance
| could not stand the test of time. Della
| Rocea and his contemporaries have alone
left a monument that exists in the present
day. Like their successors of to-day they
worked in faience, which will well with-
stand all destructive forces but the impact
which shatters {it,and usually itis out of the
way of such menace,

 

 

buy a fat roe shad, just out of the water
as we get it up there anywhere in the valley
Then get some radishese—the long st emmed
juicy, criepy kind, Buy them if you have
to, but get them. Take home with you
alad a pound of fresh new grasa butter
which comes along with the first shad. °
“Have the shad broiled. If you want
to paint the lily or gild refined gold dro
some of the butter on the shad as it is broil.
ing.
“Have some fresh and flaky homem:
bread, each ,slice enriched by a peory
band of crusf. Have a couple of potatoes
baked, the kind that turns out on your
| plate like a handful of snowy meal. Have
some goud coffee, made from the kind
your mother used to brown in the tin pie
pan with a lump of bytter to keep it from
scorching ‘in the and by the grinding
of which in the old coffee mill that hung
in the kitchen she used to wake rs up

mornings. Have real cream
cubes of sugar.

“Tell ‘em to fetch in the shad on a dish
so hot it almost scorches the napkin it
comes on. Have your plate as hot as the
dish is. Say grace, gloat a moment over
the savory prospect, then eat. The man
who after a breakfast like that wouldn't
empty his pocket to ony. be who mi,
drop in on him it would te tase gratitude

The shad fishing in the upper Delaware
waters begins in A and
‘he latter part of May. ome Goes

Few Desertions From German Army,
From the Washington Post.
nani pode the re army are almost
unknown,” 6a jor k wit
an officer in OS teers en. area
cipline in the German army, as rel known,
n the

is perhaps the most or
Sond bee there is sane et thought of de-
, to the fact

oorying:
thas sorvien is thavareis of”
at service in the army rma -
pulsory. It is part of every sona's tile hens
as school efecation is. Boys are taught in
school te obey, and in later life, when they
enter the my. Ceeipline is so instilled into
e
aimober ing oS re is never 4 thought of
“Duelling, once so common in Germany.
is now 4 thing of the past. One beare
of the chde of honor say meres

 

_ — om

.
= Ee
-5---e—— ii
a

(ODD 08

—
ee

which does | other matter.

*4,

POR LIFE SAVERS
THEY FIND RESCUE WORK T0
DO IN GREAT SOUTH BAY,

A Retarn Trip From Bayshore to Point of
Woods That Took Nearty Two Days ay
the Time of the Big Wind—10 Horna
Power Beat Active Did the Trisw,

The high winds which swatted the waters
hereabouts on Palm Sunday and the pre.
preceding day leamonatrated to one
party of New Yorkers that the navigation
of Great South Bay may hold many dan-
gers and gave the life savera of the Point
of Woods station a atint of rescue work
out of the usual.

Point of Woods is the next life saving
station oastward of Fire Island on the sand
bar which separates Great South Bay
from the ocean. Also it is a summer cottage
colony

It used to be a Methodist camp meeting
place. Why it is called Point of Woods
ien't clear when you look at it without the
eye of imagination, although the bar nar.
rows there and a few trees grow warily as
if afraid of their environment. So much
for geography.

On the Saturday of the high wind a

number of New Yorkers who have cottages
at Point of Woods went down there, some
with the idea of spending Holy Week and
others just to make sure that their cottages
hadn't been cagried away in the winter's
gales.
To go to Point of Woode you first have
to take the. Long Island Railroad, There's
no help for it unless you walk. In the
summer time, familiarly known as the
good old summer time, a little steamer
makes regular trips from Bay Shore. She
isn't running yet, #o the venturesome voy-
agors chartered the good ship Active, Capt,
Gibson.

The Active is a powerboat of 10 horse-
power which isn't much, but enough for the
ordinary navigation of Great South Bay
The party embarked safely and proceeded
acroas the bay. The wind hadn't got
down to business then and the trip was
concluded without untoward incident

When it came time for those who wera
coming back to town to make the roturn
trip—early in the afternoon—it was an-
The wind had increased to
such velocity that the Active was in danger
of being smashed up against the pir. So

| she had been taken out some distancs

 

from shore and anféhored,

As those who took part in the subsea.
quent happening tell it, Great South Bay
was never in such a troubled state, Posi-
tively the waves were mountain high
Now it isa fact that there is a dea! of water
in the bay, but it is spread over 80 great
an area that in some places it is just deep
endugh to make mud. Navigation at some
points is a matter of getting out and shov-
ing the boat.

But on this Saturday of the mighty
breeze the water was simply piled up.
Truly it was, The wind was strong enouch
to blow all the water out of Fire Island
inlet. Yes, indeed.

Now here were the returning voyagera
on the pier, and some distance off was
their ship, tugging angrily at her anchor
chains. Between them was the vehement
eea. It was impossible to bring the Active
in to the pjer, 80 a shift wag mdde to get
out to her on a float.

Right here the life savers first got on
the job. Five men and two women were
loaded on to the float and the life savers
towed it out to the power boat. It wasa
tough job,

With soine difficulty the passengers were
put aboard, but the captain of the Aotive
in his eagerness to assiet promptly fell
overboard. The life savers fished him out,
put him on his craft and then took them-
selves and the float back to shore.

The Active was got under way. The
anchor came up and the engine began to
chug. But efforts to advance were slow,
the wind was so strong.

The Active stood on her head and then on
her tail. One by one those aboard got sea-
sick. The engineer, who was also the crew,
was among the first to succumb. In fact
everyone got it except the man who told
Tur Scn reporter the story of the voyage.
And maybe he did.

Then the engine gave up the fight. A
few despairing coughs and gurgies and it
was atill.

The shore was signalled for help. The
life savers, having nothing to do seaward,
were ready. They lauhohed a boat ani
came alongside.

The Active was anchored and the captain,
crew and passengers hauled aboard the life
boat. The wind carried it quickly in towari
shore, ‘It grounded about ten yarjis out

The life savers got out and walked ashor,
carrying the men passengers. The boar,
thus lightened, was hauled out onto the
beach with the women still in it.

That was enough voyaging for one dav
The.party of seven distributed themselves
among their friends who were staying ove:
and spent the night. '

It was Sunday afternoon before another
attempt to reach Bayshore was made.
The wind had abated somewhat and ths
sea had gone down.

The distance across is less than ten miles
and the channel is tortuous. The trip
usually takes an hour, This time it took
three,

That plaguy engine, which had been
patched up overnight, refused to work
properly. Off Bayberry Point it etoppe
altogether and had to be coaxed before |
made another move. But Whe voyagers
persevered and soon the dock at Bayshore
was right near. °

It was no time for the captain to miss
his way, but he did and the Active shoved
her nose into a mudbank only a few bun-
dred yards from her landing place. !t
was the last straw.

When five men and two women boarie!
the train an hour later they forgot to make
the unoomplimentary remarks
about the Long Island Railroad.

MOOSE DRINK AT A PUMP

Maine Natare Story of Unusual \ isitore
te a Farm src.
From the Kennebec Journal

James TibbettS of the Neck road, Per
has been entertaining strange company: ‘
several days. Eariy last week Mr. Tibbe's
went to the barn and turned out his «0
When he stepped into the barnyard a (°*
minutes later to start the water at the pune
he was surprised to find a bull and ao"
moose apparently waiting for the wate

Mr, Tibbetts went directiy to the pu

sad oome velsing water for the stock

\s

from the spout into ‘°°
big trough amens the firet of the animas
to reach it were the strangers. Lach move

drank tte quantity and then slowly walh-!
Dest the farmer (6 a low place in the fer

where each vaulted over and struck off across
the field in the direction of the woods

very eens eee the creatures ha’*

ppeared in the barnyard when Mr, Tibbe''s

turned on the water, The strange pal’

of the affair lies in the fact that the ler \+

well watered three small brooke wihicy

Pp running all winter and the Sebasticoo*
iver is But a few hundred yards away. |
is possible the creatures have digcover®:
something in the brooks and in the rir
which sets their taste going in another dire
Pro. for they are watering regularly at (\*
tts pump,
The moose have never bothered the oo"*
or the oxen of the Tibbets herd, and the la!’
ve never apparently paid any attention
the presence of the strangers.