~WAD ESCAPES
A THE POKER CROWD.

Disappointing Conduct of a

ing Newcomer at Greenhut's |

Saloon.

“When the good Lord done put a cuss
uto Adam, ‘long @’ him gettin’ qaught
stealin’ apples,” gaid old’) man Greenhut,
“the word was, ‘oordin’ to the Good Book,
as how he wouldn't never get nothin’
teat ‘thouten he sweat fort.

 

*'Pears like it was some severe, bein’ as | out of old man Greenhut's

ue'd on'y took what him an’ his wife wanted
{'y asnack, but stands to reason he'd oughter
ven puntshed f'r stealin’ apples when he

mought ‘a’ had watermelons. A ebif'less | ragin’,’

man like that most gen'ly suffers.

“Later on the ouss was shifted ovér onto
the sons o' Ham, an’ the niggers had to
aweat f'r the white man's victuals, but

got a wad. Looks like it was somepin’ we
owes to the o'mmunity fer to give hima
helpin’ hand.”

“C’reot,” said Jim Blaisdell, *Leastways,
we o’n give him @ hand fr’m time to time,

Promis- { whether it'll be helpin’ or not. That there

tar an’ feather y o'n wait.”

The amendinent replaced the motion,
and Winterbottom and Blaisdell were se-
lected as a committee to invite the Rev. Mr.
Stoughton tf attend a private and confl-
dential session cf the Greenhut Poker Ciub,

Aooordingly the viotim to be was
escorted by the ttee into Green-
ut's baok room, by the rear door, after the
for ibe night and'so Agate were showteg
a
from the front. : ne
He declined the custo preliminary

tle, saying,
“I eure have drinked oonsid’able in my
me, yt pe woe 0 aay ways an’
oult a ago. Ae the pter says,
‘Wine is a knocker, an' strong liquor’s en-
aunt play poker I'd rather keep

tever contempt the others may
have felt for a man likely to feel the effeots
of a single drink, there was no one there
who desired to provoke untimely contro-

twa'n't till after civilization come 't men | versy, and they took their liquor in silence. +

had sense to see how foolish 'twas to sweat
when there was other ways o' gettin’
livin’. ‘Tain't noways needful f'r to make
a list o' how many, but I reckon piety an’
iraw poker is the two best. :

“If a man has talent enough for to be | 48 he could not be su

a preacher or & poker player he won't
hafter sweat frequent, an’ he's tol'able
sure o' gettin’ his grub all the same. 0'

a | on the table and sat down, a little way

Then the old man put the cards and om
to look on at the game. .

Tt was five ha
pitted re the most reliable form play-
era on the lower Mississippi, and inasmuch
to be ignorant
of their prowess, even his antagonists were
compelled to admire his eourege.
ever, the redoubtable four-Jake Winter-
bottom, Jim Blaisdell, Joe Bassett and Sam

course there’s @ ‘hellova lot depends on | Pearsall—were perturbed in any degree by

how much talent a man's reely got.
“Stands to reason he may have a gift o'

gab sufficient for to make him a bright,

shinin’ example into a pulpit, an' yet have

the Rev. Mr. Stoughton's confidence, they
showed no sign of it.
Possibly the fact that the balance of
per , 48 represented by old man Green-
ut's bungstarter, was readily available

sich habits as’ll qualify him f’r a job ae a| may have steadied them some. It was a

mule driver. Handicapped thataway, 'tain't a man's game,
noways reasonable f'r him to look f'r no | the outsider as!

hellroarin’ renown as a preacher.

“Similar, he may have irftellectooal qual-
ities s'fleient for to play a poker hand the
way it'd ought to be played an’ not be

jexterious enough with his fingers for to] in the opening. It
make sure o’ gettin’ the hand to play, not fenciag matoh, judging
even when he's dealin’ hisself. That's hig | tion wit

handicap, an’ if he’s got good hoss sense
he'll etick to preachin’ an’ leave draw
poker alone,”

“Mebbe you'’m right about that,” said | by one and another

Jake Winterbottom, somewhat doubtfully,
“an' then ag'in mebbe you ain't. I've
knowed some preachers f'm time to time,

you play table dtakes or outdoors?”

ed, as they sat down, and

they assured hit that the roof would be re-

moved if it got in hia way, so each player

took $100 in chips, merely for change, fo
man declaring his reserve.

Nevertheless there was no undue haste

ht have been a

m the delibera-

h which they seemed to be studying

y. Neither was there

, most of the talking being

one another's
overmuch #
done with chips.
After several pots had been taken down
layer without a call
lt came Bassett's deal and a jack pot was
made, no bne coming in against Blaisdell's
ante. It was $5 a corner, and when on
Blaisdell’s deal the Rev. Mr. Stoughton

but [ don't call to mind none on ‘em as | passed blind, Winterbottom, having next

had hos sense.
hoss sense he moughtn’t be a preacher.”
“Oh, I don't kpow,” broke in the irre-
preasible Mr. Owen Pepper.
preacher near where I come from in the

“There was a chips forward.
In

'Pears like if a man had | say, opened for $25, the size of it.

Pearsall came in and Bassett cropped.
Bjaiscdell trailed and the Rev, Mr. Stoughton,
after looking at his hand, pushed all his

terbottom put his money up un-

‘Tennessee Mountains what had sense | hesitatingly, but without raising again.

enough to leave home an’ stay away. Some
o' the marrie' men ‘lowed he'd get on
better some’res else.”

Old man Greenhut looked from one to
the other of his interrupters with deep

disdain. Shaking his head thoughtfully, he | #9d took therm

pulled a fat black cigar from his pocket

and lighted it carefully. Then walking | and Blaisdell trailed, neither of them looking

over to his favorite chair he put his feet
on the windowsill and said deliberately:

“The Good Book says how evil adultera-
tions corrupts good liquor, an’ th ere’s time
when it looks to me like there was con-
sid’able danger to my morale in ‘lowin'
sich wrybald an’ trreligious talk to be let
loose on my premises,
no proper respect f’r nothin’,

“Where do you reckon the o' th’

e'munity 'd be if 'twa'n’t f'r ere
givin’ the women somepin’ else to think
about besides stirrin' up trouble to home?
There wouldn't be no livin’ with ‘em,
_ “What I was speakin’ of was the moral
inflooences ‘ey an’ draw poker workin’
together to lift off the cuss 't was laid onto
mankind in the way o' havin’ to sweat f'r
a livin’, an’ I won't stand f'r no more sich
infidel remarks as wag just made,

“As for Pepper, he al'ays says he don't
know, an’ there ain't n y as looks f'r
him te know; but I’m ashamed o’ you,,
Jake. Bein' a tol'able good poker player
your own self, it's nat'ral enough, mebbe

t'r you to look down some on them as hain’t | Stoughton,

rose to your level, but ‘taint fittin’ f'r

ou 4
nor nobody-else, to heave obblequy at thers crowd?

as ix doin’ fhe best they can.
“There's a preacher right here in Ar-
kansas City now ‘t oughter have sym-

pathy an’ assistance f'm everybody in this | #

room, ‘stid_o' béin’ reviled at like he was
nothin’ but a roustabout.”

“If you're talkin’ about the new Metho-
list preacher,” said Jim Blaisdell angrily,
“I! call your hand right now. He hain’t
fone a thing sence he come to town but
take up c'lections, an’ he's got tol’able
nigh all the mgney the women c'n lay their
hands on now, Tells ‘em he wants it f'r
heathen an’ talke it right out of ‘em. He's
cot gab gifts all right.

“That's just what I'm talkin’ about,
Jin.” said old man Greenhut earnestly.
“I've knowed somepin’ about this here
reverend ever since he was a barkeeper
in to Little Rook.

“Hen Stout his name was then, but he’s
the Rev. Benjamin F, Stoughton now.
Shows how ente isin’ he is.
hal to leave Little Rock ‘long
stiot a member o' the Legislatur’ 't thought

» was holdin’ out @ ace one night.

“I seen him elip th’ ace up his sleeve
my own self, but T wa'n't in the game, an’
vat'rally Ben couldn't stand f'r no such

ou uns don't have | all looked at Bia

Then Pea studied a while, but finally
threw down his cards and Blaisdell trailed,
so there could be no more play before the
draw. The Rev. Mr. Stoughton stood

t and Winterbottom hesitated long.

en he said, “You mought give mo two,”
Blaiadell took two.

The opener threw in a'white chip, having
a few odd ones left from previous winnings,
athisdraw. It was therefore undoubtedly
sound play for the Rey. Mr. Stoughton to
fish a hundred dollar bill out of his vest

et and lay it on top of the chips, which
6 promptly did. ;

Winterbottom lifted his hand and laid

it down again. .” he said, and they
ll. He looked steadil

at the Rev. Mr. Stoughton for a time, still

without lifting his draw.

Finally he said, “I call you.” pad ut
up the money, whereupon the Rev. Mr
Stoughton laid his cards on the table face
ip. smiling goodnaturedly as he did so.

6 had two pairs, tens up.

When Blaisdell show
took the pot, the loser arose, stillsmiling, ,

“I reckon that'll be all,” he said, and pre-
pared to leave the room.

“Well, what do you think o' that?" de-
manded Bassett in great indignation, “Did
you think four North American gentlemap
was goin’ to set he all night just for to play
mumbletepeg with you?

“Oh, I don't know,” said the Rev. Mr.
“Did you think I was goin’
to set in here with my hull wad ag’'in this

three sevens and

“I was feelin’ some rusty an’ reckoned
I o'd stand it for to take a flyer on $200
an’ double or lose it just f'r practice, but I
in't playin’ tag with no earthquakes,
I'd have as tnuch show here in a long settin’
as a hound pup o' the wilderness on the
outequirta o' hell, an’ I know it 's well 's
you uns does,

“I don't mind a couple o’ hundred, bein’
as it's easy money, but you don't get the
wad. Sa iad

“No vi'lence on the premises,” said old
man Greenhut hastily, as he saw Bassett
getting redheaded. “You was speakin’
o' tar an’ feathers, but what's the use?
He hain't got the wad here.”

As the othera seemed to see humor in the
situation they sided with Greenhut, and the
fourflusher, as Bassett bitterly called him,
was allowed to depart unmolested,

“All the same,” aald old main Greenhut
after he had gone, “there's got to be ways

' considered for keepin’ him f'm carryin’
emer Be ; all that capital outen the e’mmunity. T

don’t just see now how to do it, but it’s
got to be did.”

SECONDS SAVED

talk nohow, an’ the feller was considerable | By Naming the Telephone Exchange Defore

thought of; so when they found he couldn't
live there wa'n't nothin’ f'r Ben to do but
shodadd, an’ he done it.
“Ben sure was a fair er , an’
{'m that time on he dood tale 6 Vell off
in’ on travellin' ‘round as a crossroads
\in horn, but he "peared to have hard luck
{n the way o' havin’ doubts ‘xpressed f'm
line to time o' how he handled the deck.

Giving the Number.

"The new plan of making telephone
calla by which the name of the telephone
exchange is given before the number was
adopted to save time,” said the manager of
one of the largest exchanges.

“With the name given firat the operator

Rein’ as he was hot spirited an’ some quick | can be calling the exchange while the sub-

with his gun he was al'ays gettin’ in a row
«n’ didn't pear pop'lar inte any place where
he'l stay more 'n @ week,

“[ inet up with him on the train that
lime T went to Little Rock to see the Gov-
emor touchin’ at ‘p'iintment as Justice
© the Peace, an’ says to me as how
he'd done reformed,

“‘Lain’t no fool,’ he eays, ‘an' I o'n see

scriber is giving the number.

“A few seconds is frequently saved on
each call, and on a thousand ¢alls the
amount of time saved is something to
reckon with.

“New York is one of the last cities to
adopt this style anyhow. In all the other
large cities of the country it has been used

how risky ‘tis for to keep on playin’ poker | for years.

ous 'o I am
converted,’
in' for a livin’

‘thouten gettin’ more de:
a~dealin’. I'm goin’ to
he says, ‘an’ take to

“Before the change was made here al!
the subscribers in one exchange were re-
quested to give their calla for a whole day

till I c'n practise a few years longer with | according to the new plan. So much time
my fingers an’ get so ‘s 't I o'n handle | was saved that it was decided to adopt it in

a deck ‘thouten bein’ oriticised.’

Well, that’s the man. I seen hit t’other
(lay an’ | ast him how he was comin’ on
with his practice, ‘n' he says he’s tola'ble con -
dent now 't there can’t nobody find no
fault with his dealin’. More 'n that, he
says, ‘I b’en ‘cumulatin’ consid'able of a
wad since I gave over the sinful ways o’
'h’ world, an’ I ain't sure but what this
here game consid'able advantages
over draw poke’ 2

lhe old man and looked at his
Cigar. Finding it had gone out, he relighted
't carefully and smoked on in silence,

Well of all the ted hogwash I
ever hear talked,” said Joe Basset. indig-
nantly after they had waited in vain for
4 continuance of the story, “that there is
sure the worst. Here’s a sanctimonious
pirate asrobbin’ the women of Arkansas
‘ity right an’ left an’ here's old man Green-
hut tellin’ us to give him sympathy an’
jssictance 'stid o* tar an’ featherin’ him.
wy you crazy, Greenhut, or am I drunk?”

Nuither one, I reckon; Joe,” sai
an Greenhut easily, “but you don’t seem
© See the p'int,

| iis here Rev. Benjamin Stoughton sure
' a man o' . He ain't * his
talent up in a towel, He's plu

“onscientious toward gettin’ a com
"on fair “a

! w old be ra .
ore 'n ‘s improvin’ hiseelf all
© Lime ‘atid of ‘settin’ dove cantata an’
ile ie Grocers does omens . ‘Pears
“its time f'r you uns to show so
_preciation 0! What he’s doin’.” —
., [ight you are!* shouted Sam Pearsall.
+ motion we ride him on a rail to-night,
‘he motion would certainly have been
lopted with acclaim if old man Greenhut
'T Hot interposed,
_ | reckon that'd be some .” he said.
‘| Uns 18 tol'able slow to-night, Here's
‘an thinks he e'n play poker, an’ more 'n
‘sely he's y'arnin’ Fr &@ game right

.

now, | MARTPORD NEW YORK

“ei aé he hain’t played recent. , An’ he's y

all exchanges.”

 

Club Cocktails

 
 
 

“

A Bottled Delight

HERE is always something lack-

ing in the flavor of a made-by~
e cocktail. CLUB COCK-
TAILS are the only cocktails.
A mixed-to-measure blend of rare old
liquors aged in wood—always uniform
in flavor, t. delicious, ing,

scorer
7 kinds, At all good dealers, Man-

hattan (whiskey base) and Martial
(gin bese) are universal favorites.
GFHeubleinb Bra

LONDON

 

, the newcomer being , joj

 

If, how- |

 

HE STRANGER AT.
THUNDER CREEK.

Eustace Murgatroyd Spinks Sure
Was a Puzzle for a Time.

Loco Larkins of Goldfields had watched
sardonically that afternoon his New York
entertainers getting their nails manicured.
He barked back to the maniouring at dinner
that evening.

*You hombreys gettin’ yourolaws trimmed
and overhauled by them pompadoured
dolls to~lay toak me back to Eustace
Murgatroyd Spinks,” said he.

“Aaa plimb puzzle and mystery Eustace
Murgatroyd Spinka had Mister Sphinx,
his gandlot namesake, lookin’ as candid
as a circus poster on a country road apd
as casy tosolve as Plank 1 in the Pro-
hibition platform, EE. M. Spinks when he
lit in Thunder Crick was the riddle of all
the ages, pan sifted, centrifugal separated
and hydraulic bullioned into somethin’
lean and elegant, in a pearl gray frock coat
suit that looked like the House of Splooken-
b'iled down to one mighty, perishin’
effort, gray plug hat to match, spats ditto,
pick p'inted paytent leather shoes, shirt and
necktie like four dollars worth of Neapolitan
brick ioe cream, complexion peachier 'n a
shirtwaist dummy's, moss agatey eyes
bigger 'n taw marbles, slick tallowy hair,
a retirin’ molasses candy mustash, and

 

 

| one o' these always inquirin' expressions

}

 

 

|

SS
—.

on his face like somebody wonderin' whether
it’s goin’ to rain next Tuesday week or not,
Eustace he eure looked like somebody
dressed up in clothes like you see in the
back pages of magazines; which there
never was any such clothes on land or sea
exceptin’ on Spinks.

“But Spinks's clothes alone didn't make
him a mystery and a riddle. It was what
he was goin’ to 4, or how they were goin’
to do him, and maybe a little of both, that
made the Thunder Crickete chirp among
themselves like the inmates of the old
ladies’ home figurin’ on when they're goin’
to get new gingham sunbonnets. That's
what made Spinks algebry and differential
calculus and how old is Ann in Thunder
Crick. Because when he sifted in Spinks
sort o' let it gurgle that he was thinkin
some of settlin' in Thunder Crick, After
sayin’ just that Eustace dried up like a
caterpillar on a hot rock, He didn't men-
tion what businesa he was cogitatin’ on
goin' into. And that's what wrapped
Spinks in that mist o' mystery.

“There was Eustace Murgatroyd Spinks,
lookin’ like Newport on a gay afternoon
in August, diffusin’ the aroma of money and
private cars and opera boxes and white
yachts and Floradora sextets and prize
bull pups and tallyho coaches and tourin’
cars and maybe alimony up in the five
figures a year—there was Spinks, in all
of his rare and radiant beauty o' raiment,
set in the middle of the activities o' Thunder
Crick, lookan’ about as much out of place
there as a lavender orchid in a plate o’
greens—and nobody knowin' what his lay
was, barrin’ his one rehictant observation
made on his first day in camp to the clerk
of the Saratoga Springs Hotel that he was
meditatin' some on seitlin' in Thunder
Crick and goin’ into business there. Which
it ain't any wonder that the camp fell to
hummin’ about Eustace Murgatroyd Spinks
busier’n a short handed reduction plant
workin’ in three shifts.

*This looks like the place to shoot it that |

as an avalanche prop’sition Thunder Crick
sure was on the tobog when Sprinks got
there, As a boom camp Thunder Crick
had done rolled its hoop and the hoop had

“Doin’ this he showed on his ee
hand a ring with a di'mond in it abou
size of a stopper on a Christmas bottle o’
cologne. The di'mond made the
poesia’ claim merchanta—still waitin’ at the
wy = hote! dewk ‘s — to swing
a push ‘em water wagon--
kick each other on the leg some more. A
an with © rock lite thet, they Agured,
was prob'ly there with a bundle the size
a buck so ‘s washin' after a practice

Mystery Spinks mooched around after
signin’ the register waitin’ for his room to
be made up, and Tufty Maillon kicked right
in and got acquainted with ‘im. Tufty had

italized at $1,000,000 ($8 of it paid in) about
a dozen of the most sommes’ grovel bode

fester Masel. Hie Just. paamd and gused
. He just an
at Tufty in @ please ela some more
if it don’t fatigue you too much kind of &
way, while Tufty, herdin’ him in @ corner,
told him how easy it was to get wealthy
beyond the dreams of Aladdin almost
while you waited if you got in right at
Thunder Crick; meanin’, o' course, that

Mallon-Goleonda at 1% cents a share

(sure to be quoted on the Denver Minin’

Exchange two months from date at $1.95

a share) was the only reliable method

o’ makin’ Rockefeller look by comparison

like somebody with a misfit wig standin’

in the bread Hine. Spinks beamed upon

Tufty Mallon out of his mild Alice blue

agates y

“'Well,’ he gurgled, sort o' hesitating,
when Tufty, pullin’ up for breath, gave him

a chance to atick in a word, ‘I--er--really

hadn't thought of going into mining here,

you see, I had--er—a sort of an idea that
| this would be a good place to—uh—'
“*T’ form a telephone company—I got ye

juv'nor,’ ent in Tufty, handing Spinks a
sly dig in the surcingle. ‘I kind o' knowed
it was th’ velagnene bizni you wanted t’
‘naugurate in Thunder Crick even before
you mentioned it.
away fram these plottin’, rub
waifs that 're nudgin' over this a-way wit
their ears a-hangin’ down on their shoul-
ders,’ and Tufty, noticin’ that several of
his pards in the promotin’ industry was
siinkin' over, huagry eyed, to where he
was buzzin’ the new live one, took a hold of
a flap of Spinks's tunic and drag m
out to the wooden pavement, where he

ressed hirn against one of the gumm
| hotel windows and then picked up his

stride where he'd left off.

“‘I'm the telephone party in thie yere
camp, and seein’ that you come here al-
lowin’ t’ be a telephone magnate you'd ‘a’
been lookin’ me up in a day or 80 annyhow,
because I got th’ goods. * Common
Council give me th’ Thunder Crick tele-
phone franchisa two days after th’ Coun-
cil was organized—I helped t' organize it—
and all you and me's got t' do now is t'
form a dompany and install th’ telephon:
plant, me t' furnish th’ franchise and you
——

“'But,' cut in Spinks, lookin’ embarrassed
and some alarmed too, ‘I—er—you see,
Mr, Tufte—Tufkins—ob, yes, Mr. Mallon
you see, I really don't know & thing about

Here, let's go out front
in’ cam

| the telephone business. /

fact 1'm a ca-ca-ca ‘and Eustace Murga-
troyd Spinks stumbled a little tryin’ to
get out the word, But Tufty waa on the
job and helped him
“Cap'talist--as if you'd have’t’ put me
wise t' that,’ slammed in Tufty, with a
heap of oily flattery in his grin, ‘Cap'talist,’
| o' course, Anda Ccap'taflist in th’ real estate
line. Now, hombrey—'scuse me, Guv'nor
I hit Thunder Crick before it had a name
T lit hera when they wa'n't nothin’ here but
| four woodebucks playin’ tag in th’ dry bed
o' th’ erick and the sun a-shinin’ overhead
That's how IT come t' git in atrong on Thun-
der Crick real estate. I got about two
| dozen choice passels o' Thunder Crick
real astate—Thunder Crick and contigyus
--that'll make your teeth leak t’ look at,
and—.’
“Just then Jef Hibbs, the hotel clerk,

 

 

 

|

 

off.

Shad thes Thunder woke up sud-
dener than a mine night watchman when
the mornin’ shift begins to streel along and
to stamp playful like on his dumberin’ feet.

“Isidor menheim, proprietor of the
New York Emporium, was the first to see
it. Taidor, happenin’ to glance overhead
while unlockin store door early on
the third mornin’ after Spinks had moved
into the o above, saw somethin’ that

his key. He picked the
then walked out to the middle
the street to get a better peck at the new
frooratice on the front of his buildin’.
Then Isidor chuckled. ‘Gapitaliat—vait
till dey see,’ he spluttered, and. then he
laughed till he had to hold his fat sides.
Three or four early bird barkeeps seein’
Isidor standin’ there in the middle of
Main street laughin’ that-a-way nudged
to their front sawing doors.

“‘Hey, Izzy, put us next—what's th’
laugh?’ they sung out to him, and then
Isidor pointed to the new ornament above
his show window.

he new somethin’ Was an iron bracket
sorewed into the wood between Spinks’s
two office windows. Reatin' on the bracket
was one o' these heroic size plaster casts
of a eure 'nough handsome human foot.
Underneath the plaster foot was a nice
new black and gilt sign readin’:

“Eustace Murgatroyd Spinks. Chirop-
odist and Pedicure. Corne Permanently
Cured. Also Manicuring. Office Hours,
0A. M.to5P. M.’

“Tufty Mallon, more than kickin’ up dust
over a new acheme he had to spring on
Spinks, saw a gay and lightsome crowd on
the other side o° the street from Blumen-
heim's when be turned the corner about an
hour later. Tufty looked up to see what
for. He saw the milk white plaster foot
on the bracket and read the sign under-
neath, Then Tufty grinned and joined the
crowd across the street.

“'Vell, how aboud your gapitalist, Meester
Mallon?’ inquired Isidor, takin’ ¢ chance,
seein’ that Tufty was grinnin’.

“‘Whert I git so old that I can't see that
the drinks is on me,’ Tufty come right back
at him, ‘I want t' cash in, and quick, Come
on, everybody,’ and he led all hands to Jink
McAtee's rumorium and bought steady for
two hours. His fellow promoters began to
drift in presently, and they could take a
joke too. They helned Tufty with his
buryin' operations for the hull o' the Thunder
Cr lace.

“'T tried to tell you gentlemen that I was
not a capitalist, but merely a ca-ca-co-
chi ist, you know, but you wouldn't
let me,’ said Eustace Murgatroyd Spints
sort o' reprovin'ly, but lookin’ ecared foo
when a delegation of the Thunder Crick
boosters headed by Tufty, and all pretiy
middlin’ corned, called upon him in a body
at his office along toward noon,

“'That's all right, hombrey,’ says Tufty,
actin’ as spokesman, ‘If we ain't takin’ it
none t' heart, you needn't. But you don't
work none at your foot healin’ p'fession
t'day. None whatever. Any pedicurin’

uniper thet kin cloud th’ leadin’ citizens o'

under Crick into takin’ him fr Car-
negie in disguise has got somethin’ a-comin'
t' him, and you're it, Eusty. Th’ sense
o' this committee is that you be conducted
aroun’ the haunts an’ purlooa o' Thunder

E

e | Crick an’ be made as orrey eyed as Billy-

be-dinged f'r th’ next ensuin’ twenty-four
ours, and it don't set vou back a sou-kee

neither--we'ra payin’ th’ freight. Come
on—ev'rybody out!’
“Which it happened just thataway

And if Thunder Crick in its expirin’ gory

As a matter of | never got anyéhin’ else ont of the serilir

of Kustace Murgatroyd Spinks inita ex-
ploded midst, it sure did get an excuse for
historic as Jong as anybody that parti
pated in them festivities—and I'm pleadin'
guilty an’ glad—is alive to chin about it.’

WHEN CHELSEA BURNED.

There Were Straphangers on the Boston
Vlevated and That's a Novelty.

“I happened to be in Boston the day
Chelsea burned,” said a New Yorker, “and
I learned something new to me about the
habits of the Beaneaters

“When I got into the South Station, about
4 in the afternoon, I knew at once that
sonthing was up. Vor one thing the

wabbled a few times and then settled down | ghowed up at the door and told Spinks bis | playvated train I got aboard to go to the

waitin’ for nearsighted suckers to step on
the rim. The camp was like one o' them
wash it yourself white rubber shirt bosoms
that you snap around your neck with a
rubber band on Sundays and holidays to
hide the cerise woollen bodice that you're
wearin’ next to the pelt. Which I'm tryin’
to unfold and uncoil that Thunder Crick
when Spinks got there was a whitened
sarcophagus, a tinkle bell phony, a gravel
bed bogus and an exploded El Dorado all
rolled into one, like the liver pill Jake Hes-
selkoop bought at the druggist's fire sale
in Kansas City.

*Thunder Crick had forty-nine hole in
the ground claim promoters to the square
acre and all o’ their claims lumped together
didn't hold enough pay dust to stop up

} room was ready, and Spinks looked an if
| Jeff had handed him a reprieve from the

Governor ten minutes before hangin’ time,
| and Tufty glared at Jeff and muttered thins
in hie throat, and Jeff grinned back at
Tufty and asked him if he'd done any good
for hisself; and Spinks managed to beat it
to his room,

{ “Now, I've handed vou a lot 0’ the south
breeze that Tufty shot at and into Eustace
Murgatroyd Spinks, because Tufty'’s heat
‘em to it spiel was a good sample o' the
stuff all the rest o' them personally con-
ducted Thunder Crick promoters toased at
Spinks, sep'rately and in groups, durin’ the
next three or four days. From dawn's
early light till his hour for bunkin’ in
Spinks had his trail camped on like as if he
was a cattle thief that bad rustied 400 head
o' mavericks and was makin’ for the Pan

Handle.

} “They bounded along in the

 

wake o'

the mouthpiece of a tin whistle. The three Spinks like buzzards chasin' a flock ’

producin’ claims of Thunder Crick had been
corralled by an English syndicate that even
then was makin’ a noise like it wished it
had ita money back, and the other 78,000
Thunder Crick claims belonged to busted
Thunder Crick sooners that wanted you to
buy stock at two cents the gilt printed
share, said etock bein’ guaranteed to sell
at $8.35 a share next Friday week come
Candlemas if it didn't rain and the promo-
ter’s hat didn't blow off or his galluses
snap asunder.

“On paper Thunder Crick had the mines
of Ophir and Ind lookin’, as dividend payin’
propositions, like paper box factories two
hundred miles from a railroad. All you
had to do to hecome a minin' Bhizz-Bhang
Billebedad was t' let one o' them Thunder
Crick dust claim boosters back you into a
corner and sell you 150,900 shares o' Aurifero-
Bluggs or Pilkins-d'Or or Argent-Nix at a
cent or two a paper slip, and there you'd
be, a maybe millionaire wearin’ th’ jingle
bells.

“If you didn't hanker to blossom into a
minin’ mogul overnight, why, the cheerful
Thunder Crickets had other goods to toas
on the bargain counter for tenderfeet.
Thunder Crick telephone options, Thunder
Crick water works franchises, Thunder
Crick real estate, the same extendin', by
burro trail, eighty-seven miles from the
camp; Thunder Crick street railway con-
cessions, Thunder Crick sewer buildin’
privileges, Thunder Crick graveyard sites,
that’s the kind o' junk three-quarters o'
the transient and floatin’ population o'
Thunder Crick was tryin’ to peddle to the
junipers droppin’ into the camp that looked
ike liveones. Thunder Crick, peroeivin’ its
finish, was gettin’ from under, and busier
at it than a bird dog in a burr patch.

“And that’s why when Eustace Mu
troyd Spinks bluged into Thunder C ok
ona drowsy September afternoon the cam)
=~ oe iy AY him a o' croyehe

a ng, bebea: ready
Seah praivie chicken on the hoot, for ‘if
Spinks didn't look Hke new meat for Thunde!
Crick. then he looked like William Jenning®
Bryan, and the howlin'est partisan or loudest
knocker never accused him of that. Spinks
looked so ripe, 80 ony that some o' the
more tender hearted Thunder Crickets felt’
kind 0’ sorry for him, even while they were
gettin’ a quick bead on the place where they
Hqured he kept his bank roll.

‘Thinkin’ some o' kickin’ into the teemin',
swirlin’, money mad life o' Thunder Creek,
spegen was way Jeff Hibbs, the hotel
clerk, had pushed out his feeler when Spinks
spread his John Hancock on the hotel regis-
ter in a neat little your presence is requested

‘ell, I may take a glance about for a
business opening,’ nke had

eee trusty at Jeff out of his

lue lamps. ‘Thunder , L understand,
is Roorsiaa? He put it like a question, only
it was n he knew the answer. He be-
lieved Thunder Crick was in.’

“Jef! winked at the bunch of gilt edged
claim merchants huddled at the end of the
hotel desk waitin’ for y to breeze
glong and sick a drink on them, and then
he told Spinks just how big Thunder Crick
was a-boomin’, And Jeff wasb't w oom-

srairie achooners, They grabbed a hold of
hia coat and breathed their hot breath into
his nigh ear; they elbowed him into corners
where he couldn't bust loose without divin’
through 'em head foremost; they shooed
him into his own room and followed him in
there and nursed him over by the one win-
dow, 80 that he had to listen to ‘em or jump
out; they planted themselves at the table
where he was tryin‘ to eat and spread frayed
and frazzled maps and blue prints and
prospectuses and things all over his vittles,
and they'd have battered their way into his
room at night and eat on the edge of his
bunk till mornin’ if he hadn't barricaded his
door with his two big trunks and the wash-
stand. They did all the talkin’. Spinks
couldn't drive in a word with a rock maul.
He tried to tell ‘am dozens of times in his
p'lite kind 0’ constrained way that he had
no idea in the world of makin’ any invest-
ments in Thunder Crick—even if he hac
much to invest, he added, which made ‘em
just luge out loud at the very idee of such
a joke. They knew dif'rent, and they kept
right on houndin’ Spinks,

“Four days after lightin’ in Thunder
Crick Spinks rented an office. The office
was over Isidor Blumenheim's New York
Emporium—Isidor sold everythin’ from a
bandanna to a bass drum—and Euatace
Murgatroyd Spinks sure put on dog in
fixin’ the office up—oilcloth on the floor,
and a washstand withasure elegant pitcher
and basin with flowera ornamentin’ ‘em,
and a new kind of a chair, It was a red
plush tilt back ohair, kind of a cross be-
tween a harber's and a dentist's chair,
with a footrest and a handle that worked
the up and down screw hewgag. That
chair puzzled Spinks'’s visitors at first,
but they got used to itinadayorso. When
they found Spinks leanin’ back in it gazin’
out of the window they red that it must
be all right. They doped it out that prob'ly
it was a aywrantiee kind of a chair that
capitalists back Kast used so's to allow
themselves to- think keener about hi
finance while sittin’ up higher than the
ordinary office revolvin’ chair 'd allow
‘em to, or somethin’ similar.

“From the minute that he opened i
Spinks's office was as busy as the Ethiopiant
headquarter: of the Southern delegates
at a Republican national convention with
four big money~ candidates lookin’ for
votes, under Crigk took Spinks's office
by grand assault of the joint forces, to
put it that-a-way. It was what Bill Bryan
would call a riot o’ repeey and a lust for
loot, Eustace Murgatroyd Spinks bein’
the prospective Patsy and the promotin'’
push the rae, a baa

“They igaments an erin’
strings trying to ram into Spinke’s office
ahead of each other, and Tufty Maiion, who
figured that Spinke belonged to him because
he seen him firet, got hisself on the ragged
edge of alot o' gun plays by tryin’ to dictate
who should get inks'’s ear and who
shouldn't and y pish-tushin’ their eloquent
spiele right when they had Spinks penned
~s & vorner of his office, leanin’ in
his red plush high chair. Once again 6pinks
tried to tell ‘em straight about his lay, ‘You
gentlemen really are quite mistaken about
me, indeed you are,’ he said to a paseel of his
besiegers the day after he opened his office.
‘Tam not, as you suppose—really I am not—
an investor. I atm merely a ca-ca-ca——'
and again he prtpped on the word that he'd
tried to unreel on Tufty some days before,

SS sess eto

North Station was crowded

“L had been in Boston many times before,
but bad never sgen a straphanger, Now
this was Sunday afternoon, mind you, and
there were the cars just packed

*I found a seat, however. Then T noticed | |, “In those

that all the standers had their backs toward
my side of the car. After we passed Stato
street station my fellow passengers evinced
the liveliest symptoms of curiosity

“As L couldn't see through them and had
no desire to stand up I didn't know what
they were looking at. 1 supposed there
miat be a strangd ship in the harbor or
some such ordinary sight

“But at the North Station the mystery
was explained. For by that time tho newa-
paper extras were out and the six inch
deep headlines toid the story

“Then I noticed that the trains going the
other way were crowded too. It was evi-
dent that Boston was riding ‘round and
‘round in the elevated trains just to look at
the blaze, Further investigation showed
that the station platforma from which the
fire could be seen were packed and no at-
tempt was made by the railroad people to
make the crowd move on,

Me gp ey motormen of the elevated tralns

elped the sightseers by running slowly
while a view of the fire could he had. Over
the nee leading to sone mysterious re-
gion called Sullivan Square the trains just
crawled and sometimes stopped.

“Oh, yes. I got the fever myself and rode
around and around, For after nightfall
the blazing city made a fine picture, a large
area spouting up flame, withf here and there
a burning building displayed in all its de-
tails even at a distance. It was a great
spe ‘le and almost made you forget that
there were danger and destruction and
death as well.”

CHEESE MAKING,
Not for the Market, but for Hone Con
sumption on the Farm.

*These foreign cheeses are all very well,”
said the man who was lunching at his club
as he carefully removed the rind from a
triangular piece of Camembert, “but for a
change I would like some of the cheese I
got when I was a boy inthe country, Made
right on the premises and tasted all the
better because I saw it made,

“You are a typical New Yorker, like my-
self,” he said to his companion, “That is,
you were born and raised in the country,
as a trhe New Yorker should be, so you
remember, as I do, how they used to save up
the milk to get enough to make the cheese,
And when they'd got enough and dumped
it into a big wooden tub and put rennet in
it and the curds began to form, maybe there
wasn't a feast for the small boy!

“Well, I guess yes! If there is anything
better than fresh curds with a dash of salt
on them I don't know what it is. But even
I couldn't eat all the curds, sothere were
some left over for the cheese.

“I remember they packed the ourds in
wooden cylinders after they had been mixed
with sage to make green cheese, or colored
with carrot juice for the yellow.

“Now, of course, before yon ‘ot cheese
this mixture in the cylinders fad to be

pressed and pressed good aid pieuiy. In
my day a cheese was a part of the
farm equipment. Ours was out in the yard

back of the wood Pere an oblong
frame work made of big square timbers,
with a lever so arranged that when you
weighted the free end you got pressure.

“It used to be my job after the immature
cheeses were arranged in the press to pile
stones on the free end of the lever. I en-
joyed that. But I was always impatient
to take the stones off again to see how the
cheese was getting along. But right there
I was restrained, and the cheeses got a day
or more in the press unmolested.

“When pressed sufficiently they were
taken out of the wooden cylinders and put

“Don't you reckon we know a cap'talist
when we se one?’ they broke in oo him, and feds a B enn Te os che
then Spinks, lookin’ baffled and plumb beat, | of # now!" :
; eon pei ot Lobe Ak hed Slut sa el a alia te

Eus- hisself into hie shell and let ‘em talk
Bhat m

 

r|

| an all-hands-around drunk that'll be plumb

 

 

|

|

|
|
|
|
|

}

Things Ex-Licut. Lussier Didn't Tell the
Reporters About His Pet.

The Utica despatch to Ta Sun describing
the arrival there of the pet cat left in New
York by John J. Lussier when he retired
as lieutenant from’ the Brooklyn Bridge
squad and went to Utica to run a hotel
has been causing no end of discussion in
zoological circles between the bridge and
the Battery. None of the naturalists is
inclined to doubt the acauracy of the story
that ex-Lieut, Lussier apparently handed
out to the Utica reporters when they went
around to the Gates House to note the
hotel arrivals. They are amazed merely
because the cat's last recorded act in this
city was to jump from the Brooklyn Bridge
into the Kast River.

“What surprises me also,” sald the presi-
dent of the Downtown Natural History
Club, “is that Luasier didn't tell the folks
up Utica way a bit of the cat's history
while he was introducing the animal into
polite cire'es there. It may have been
because Lussier hasn't fully established,
there the reputation for veracity that he
had when he took the train for Utica and
didn't want to get in bad in a new place.
For the sake of seeing simple justice done
the cat | will relate a few of the leading
happenings of its career.

“The cat's name was Commiesioner. 1
don't know just when Lussier first picked
her up, but it was a good many years ago
when he waa a roundsman down in the Old
Slip station.

“The cat was at once adopied by the
station house and the policemen agreed to
put her on the same footing with the other
attachés, That is, they would call her
Doorman until she had her first batch of
kittens, then they would promote her name
to Patrolman, then to Koundsman, Ser-
geant, Captain and lnspector,

“Of course the boys weren't counting
on the names running out as soon as they
did, but anyway, inside of & year the cat's
name was Inspector, Then it was decided
to call the cat Fourth Deputy Commis-
sioner, and finally she was entitled to the
title Commiasioner. ‘

“Commissioner's encounter with Whis-
kers, the popular station house rat,
is one of the most intereating eventa of the
cat's career, The Old Slip station was a
favorite retreat of many of the leading
rats from neighboring docks, and many
of them used to run in and chumwith the
desk sergeant late at night when no one
was about and it was hard work keeping
awake,

“Lussier didn't warm up to any of these
rats, except Whiakers. ihe hed a natural
prejudice against rats, but Whiskers cid bim
a service that he couldn't overlook

“One night, while dosing at the desk, he
was aroused just asan automobile dashed
up to the door by a sharp squealing in his
ear and a pronounced pulling on one end
of his long brown mustache, Lussier
awoke to see that the trouble was caused
by a big rat. He had scarcely got his eyes
open when the then Police Commissioner
hustled up to the desk, saw Lussier was
on the job, and went right out again,

“Lussier felt that such an act deserved
official recognition, and the rat was named
Whiskers and put on the roll as au un-
salaried attaché along with the cat. Lussier
had some little difficulty to eatablish friend -
ship between the two, but as the rat was
almoat as big as the cat they got along well

“| fora long time

“One day, after another batch of kittens
had arrived, Lussier took Whiskers in to
introduce him to the members of Com-
missioner’s family. The cat wasn't there
at the time and he left the rat with the
kittens while he went to answer a telephone
call

“When he went back be found Whiskers
breathing with Commissioner
beating his rains out against the floor.
The eat had returned suddenly, and mis-
construing the rat's intentiona had given
hattle, Tassier blamed himself more than
he did the eat, and their friendly relations
continued

“When Lussier was transferred from the
Old Sty the Brooklyn Bridge
squad Commissioner followed him over to
the station house in Washington atreet,
Brooklyn. A f Brooklyn was
enough for Commissioner, and after that
she used to wait for Tueier on the bridge
and walk back and forth with bin.
lave Lussier used to run up te

tica occasionally to stay a day or so with
relatives, and Commissioner always went to
the Grand Central Station and saw him off,
When he recurned he invariably found
Commissioner waiting fer the Utica train

"On the last night thar Tosser crosse

his last,

stating to

da or ey

}

 

 

|

the bridge, the day he retired from the
force, Connmpisaioner mat bim at the Brook-
lyn side as vaual, When they got to the |
middle of the bridge the eat move a sudden
ery, as of grief, and plunge} ever inte the |
water, Wussier decided thay the cat knew
thoy were to be separated and had come. |
mitted suicide through grief, The eat's
suicide was noted in Tur Sen ai the time
‘*Luesier’s surprise when tha cat turned

up alive and well in Utica ean readily he
imagined, No wonder he was afraid thy
folka there wouldn't believe the true story
if he told it

*Tusaier told the Utiea renorters that
guessed the eat walked all the way there,
but L know that the cat wasn't in the Polioe
Department so many yeers for nothirg.
What she did waste qoupto Grand Central
Station, find the Utica train, and jump on
the blind baggage.” :

he

THE GODOWNS OF JAPAN.

Tron Sheat ied Warchauses Mode Necossary
by the Ever Present Danger of Fire.

Fire is one of the terrors that dodge at
the elbow of the Japanese householder all
the time, and because he lives in a match-
wood dwelling Sakure-san has to take a
curioua precaution againat the sudden loss
of all his household goods. Thi+ precaution,
is the godown.

The stranger in Tokio or Yokohama who
sees from his rickshaw a strange iron
plated building with doors ike turret shut-
tera and pointed roof heavily incrusted with
tiles is led to believe that here perhaps is
some feudal fort of the old time, ready to
house fighting men against the attacks of
a street mob. But when the tourist finds
one of these black sheeted buildings on every
other block he learna from the country
dweller that these things are godowns or
storehouses for household goods,

When a fire gets well started in the
crowded blocks of dolls’ houses in a Japa-
nese city it is rarely stopped until from ten
to fifty houses have been consumed and a
black scar has been drawn across the whole
face of the district. Because the houses
are so flimsy and crowded so closely to-
gether that the Japanese firemen even at
their best can do little with a well developed
blaze certain astute citizena erect these
iron sheathed and shuttered two storied
storehouses, wherein the householders of the
neighborhood and the storekeepers of the
district can store away their valuables,

The godowns are so heavily sheathed
with iron plate agd so weighted with mud
tiles that they rarely burn. Al! day long
their windows are kept almost hermetically
sealed by heavy swinging shutters that
look like the doors of a safe. When a fire
comes to a certain district the first thin
is to close the doors of the godown an
put it in shape to weather the flames,

To these public sreproct safes the house-
holders bring their furniture, their
porcelain and their delicate prints. The
wives keep locked up there their best ki-
monos and their odds and ends of jewelry,
Merchants have their excess stock stowed
away within ghem.

Whenever there is a féte in any Japanese
home or preparations are being made
for the entertainment of some special
guests the servants are sent to the nearby
gecown to bring home all the valuables,

ictures are again hung on the wall, the
heavy bronze vase is restored for the day
to its special tabouret, and the wardrobe
of Madame is replenishéd,

Then with the passing of the special
occasion passes also the household gran-
deur, All| the fleeting prettiness of print

and flowered kimono is swallowed up in thest
odown,

black maw of the g
t

i

ron cali ual " “ wha hey a ‘ee . nial oe See on i i

I ec ements sssssenatssesessenitennnsesnmnsiesn

} name appeared on |

 

Ae.
COPPED 6 OUT OF 7 RAGES

THE FIRST TIME BE DALLIED
WITH COMBINATION TICKET,

And the Seventh Was Due to Win ang Bring
Him in $5,000 (or His Fiye Spot When
the Poolroom People Had, the Beastie
Scratched—And So the Laugh ‘Turned,

“I never saw a running race between
thoroughbreds until ten years ago,” sald
a turfman who'is now, prominent as an
owner of good ones. “I knew no more
about the game than I do about the do-
mestio economy of the Coreana, Some.
times I think that I don't know much nore
about the game now than I did then, but
that isn't the story. F

“It was while J was in my state of com-
plete ignorance of the horse gamesthat I
paid my first visit to a poolroota,’ Tida
was in St, Louis, A friend of mine with
whom I met up one forenoon strolled Into
a 8t. Louis poolroom to get a bet down
at the house price—that is, the price chalked
up by the poolroom people before the regu«
lar betting came in from tho track.

“My friend bet a hundred on a two horse
combination that he liked. I asked higa
to explain tho meaning of that combina,
tion busineas to me. He explained it.
Then I picked up a list of the entries at
three or four tracks for that day. I picked
out seven horses whose names impfessed
me favorably and jotted their names down
on a slip of paper. ,

“'T reckon I'll make one of these com
bination bets myself,’ said | to my friend,
showing him my list of horses.
price will T get against these to win?)

“My friend smiled. is

"You're not going to play the" Whole
seven to win, are you?’ he asked me.

“Why not?’ I asked him. ‘If they
haven't got a chance to win they wouldn't :
be racing, would they?’ Yes, I aaid that.
It's queer to remember how simple afellow
can be about this game when first hé break@
into it, ;

“Oh, maybe one or two of ‘om might
win,’ said my friend. ‘But sever! “Stop
dreaming!’

“How do I bet on this conibination?’
I asked him, a

“Just you walk over to that ets yvin-
dow,’ he said to me, pointing toa emall
opening like the window of a box office,
‘and show the man behind that window
your list. He'll tell you the price against
your combination, But don’t take it to
heart if he laughs. He won't be able te
help it.’ :

“So I walked solemnly over to the wine
dow my friend indicated and laid down the
ist,

“How much does that-pay for five dol-
lara?’ | asked him.

*The man picked up my list of seven
horses with an expression of astonish-
ment which quickly changed to one of
amusement, and he showed my list to a
fellow standing alongside of him back of
the window. Then they both laughed quite
gleefully.

“"You sure want to kill ‘em good don't
you?’ said the combination ticket writer,
"Well, I'll make it a thousand to one, seeing
it's you,’ and he had some trouble restrain-
ing his mirth. YON

‘Give me five dollars worth of it, then,’
said I, slipping in my five do!lar note.

“He scrawled the names of My seven
horses on a yellow ticket and wrote $5,000
to $5 at the bottomof the ticket. _} stulfed
the bit of pasteboard into my pocket. after
showing it to my amused companion,

“It waa then about 11 o'clock in the mom-
ing, and as I had been up pretty late the
night before [went to my room and turned
in for a dow. was pounding my ear in
great shape when the telephone bell in my
rooin woke me up with astart. As I jurtiped
out of bed to anawer the call T saw by my
watch that it was after 4 o'clock in the
afiernoon, It was my friend at the other
end of the phone, and he was in the pool-
room where T had made imy * $5,000 to $6
combination het that forenaen

* ‘Say, you idiotic bullhead,’ he shouted
at qe through the phone, ‘d'ye know
that five of those infernal erabs rr
ticket have won? Come on down here
right away and watch the finish of your
old ticket. Looks like maybe you'fé going
to gel some action on that ticket, at that.
Tie sixth horse on your list has just come
inal vw 4 favorite.’

“{ scrambled into my clothes and, got
to the poolroom jus as the result of that
sixid race on my ticket was Defug called
by the operater. ‘The horse whose
; ( y ticket had won ina
stroll by five lengi hs

Nota word out of you, now, my friend

} warned me when [| found him. “These
| olroam folk will be hLenting you up
| in a minute to buy tiet texet from you ab
las discount. Perhaps they'll slip you $4,000
} for it ‘Tacy ought to, anyhow, se v8 that
| your last horse te just mow being seri bled
up yond r tuere on the boar? 2H 8
| favorite.’ o"

| *He hadn't finished speaking before

there waa another flaah on the favarite,
my winding tip Loree, and the | rice switched
from 38toStoltos

“Well, my friend and T waited for the
ponlroom folka to begin to eur! up with
nervousness and to crawl ont fram behind
the counter with abodt four Sh000 bills
in their mitta. But they didn’t do any-
thing like that whatever, | could have
laid off all of that ticket among the players
in the room at L to 2or 4 to 5, but my friend
decided, and | agreed with him, fhat it
would be a hull heap betcer to forge the
poolroom folks (9 Come across with a big
offer for the pasteboard in bull

*Five minutes before the horses were
due to go to the poat the operator sang ditt:

*'Seratch Walking Nome’ -whiclt WHan't
the exact neme of the horse, ‘All Beta off
on that race, and twenty minuirs Tor a
new hook.’

“Walking Home wees the ovérwhelming
favorite and tne horse that was scheduled
to wind up my bic winning combination
ticket. Combination tickets, you tiwer-
stand, call for all of the horsea natned
on them to run, and if one of the horses is
scratched the entire ticket is valneleas,
even if all the others have won, That's
what they call ‘pay or play.’ At that time
it was permissible for an owner with a fair
sort of a reason to scratch his horse out of
arac: right up to post time. ;

“How was that. for a hard dighing? I¢
weren't until quite a number of yeans after-
ward that I found out why mal rae
had been scratched just when it looked like
he was due to go out and fetch me Home
$5.90, The poolroom people who had
written me my ticket had got the horse
scratched. They had simply wired the
owner of Walking Home they'd. slip
him the winner's end of the puree, About
$500, and $500 to boot, if he'd seratoh his
horse out of the race. Of course, with that
kind of a cinch the owner was dead willing,
and on the plea that his horse had. gone
suddenly lame he yanked Walking Home
out of the race after they'd begun to book
on the race at the track, You can see how
much cheaper and easier it was for, the

lroom folke to do it that way rather than

try to make a dicker with me my
ticket on the basis of thousands, , ing
Home went out the very next day and beat
a much better fleld by a dozen lanattte.
But that didn’t get me anything, and.I've
never had any confidence wo on-
ing in these nearly won combination tickets
since that experience.”

es
Height of Land, Depth of Sea,
From Knowledge and Scientific News,

The mean height of all the land now above
the sea is referred to by Lyell as being 1,000
feet. The mean depth of the océ@an. te al
least 12,000 feet, that is, it exceeds the height
of the land twelve times.

This is becnuse the extreme heights of the
land, although grynelty no lesa that the
extreme depths of the #ea, yet are exceptional
heights, while the ocean maintains its.tepth
over enormous areas, y

Owing to the fact that the surface of the
ocean to that of the land 16 as two and a half
to one the ocean would accommodate the
oreoieef jand thirty times over were it all
7 . into the ocean ateas,

4

/

 

Ca
y
0

)
)

4

»
a

:

f -

4

G

oi

a ey