VESSELS ARE ONLY MODELS.

Alb the Detalis Have to Be Carried Out in
Miniatnre—Some Examples of the In-
teresting Work of H. FE. Bouches Who
Uved to Design Big Ships for the Navy.

A shipyard in the heart of downtown
New York may be rather surprising news
to nome, but there is a shipyard, and a

 

  

   

Se

 

lusty one at that. It is equipped to build
the hulle of vessels from the emall power
boat to the big battleship.

It has machinery shops in which all the
engines and equipment of these vessels
are turned out, a joiner’s shop where all the
fittings and furnishings are made, a rig-
ger's shop which oan make the steel stand-
ing gear and the running rigging, a sail
loft where the canvas is out and sewn, and

_& paint shop, as well as all other acoes-
sories of a well ecruipped shipyard.

This establishment is on the second and |

third floors of 91 Maiden lane and is run
by H. E. Boucher, who for some years was
attached to the Navy Department as a ma-
rine architect,

He had charge of the erhibita of the
Department at St, Louis and at Portland,
Ore. Thon he left the Government service
and started in to build ships for himself.
The vessels that he turns out at his Maiden
lane shops are models, but they are com-
plete in every detail. It takes almost as

long to build and rig a model as it takes to | certain scale.

build the vessel itself.

history of the United States Navy from the
Bonhomme Richard of 1766 to the big four

models are now at Annapolis. They show
the gradual development pf the warship.

ANDUPSTAIRS AT THAT--BUT THE

OUP_DEFENDPER MISCHIEF.

 

big vessel is taken into

PUNE PLANTER F
ORD NANCE D

consideration
For instance the deadeyes, which on the

ToT

Pai
Song teel neginee or

FONMOMME PICKARD © WAATRORD
1/66 eg 648
semen =

,
COWSTIFU TION CIE RAINE

gt

 

<4 , /7e7 (86) ial be i ay :
= t0 , cone ti
tna dren” ine oo, i ES trAQE J
\) Ponnan On/TOR ait aibe” os =. —_
"eer (ae VAINE SLO’ WASHINGTON, 1905: OREGON
: 1893

Of? Uis

  
 

    

big vessel will be % of an inchin diameter, |
will measure only 1-22 inch in diameter |

on the model.

The New York Yacht Club decided some
time ago to have all its models made to a
For vessels more than» $00
feet length the acale is '4 of an inch tp the
Mr. Boucher has made models giving a | foot; yachts more than 200 feot, 4-16 inch to
the foot; yachts more chan 100 feet, Yadnch
to the foot, and smaller vessels % inch to
stacked cruiser Washington of 1905. These | the foot. Some of these modela are onty
models of the hulls, but models of famous
yachta, such as the cup defendera and

In this set there are twenty models made | challengers, are fully rigge|

to scale, and each is a perfect ship.
There ia the old Constitution, the Pow-

hatan, which was the first warship driven | Models were made and rigged, but they
hy steam using side wheels; the Hartford, | represented the original only in a general
showing the first application of the screw; | way.

the Merrimac and Monitor, the Kearsarge,
the old Maine and several of the more
modern ships.

These models are all built to the Govern-
ment scale of one-tenth of an inch to a foot,

inches
is what makes the model of value. How
minute the work is can be understood when
the size of some of the small fittings on the

—

T THE
TAWDREY HOUSE.

~~

The Money and the Papers.

De ae
I often sat ingthe hotel office with the
Denman ladies—“Miss Denman, three
sisters,”.as Mra. Bullion had onoe presented
them, We had that community of feeling
which comes to those who have been sen-

of their natural life.
together of the old days that were so good

hecause they were so different from the |

new ones,

Prim and discreet spinsters, the Den-
mans,of an age settled once for all several
years back. Viewed from behind, in the
flat slenderness of their black gowns, they
secrned identical; but the face of the young-
est was attractive in its sensibility. As
Rillikins, the clerk,’ once said, with his
usual respect for the gueste:

“Misa Elise might have been pretty had
she ever dared, but when you talk of Misa
Denman and Miss Anne—hickory nuts
for mine!”

The Denmans were the last of their race, |

the latest flowers of inbred respectability.
‘To them the family was a universal stan-
dard, equally authoritative in fixing a
date or in determin line of action.
Aa a rather amusing corollary to this first
iluetration it followed that diseases were
the signposis by which memory was re-
vived and correeted.

It happened one evening that we four
in the great leather chairs at the side of
the desk were commenting on how the
seesons had changed.

“Why, I remember,” said Miss Anne,
“that we went to a strawberry festival
in sleighs—once.” ;

“That was the year Cousin Lucetta had
the lumbago,” added Miss Denman. “Don't
you remember she couldn't go?”

"Yad, indeed,” agreed Miss Anne, “and
the next spring was just as late, when poor
ma fell into her decline.”

“Oh, Anne,” cried Miss Elise, her ex-
yresaion soft with pity. “How it all comes
then! Thatiwas when Georgie went away.”

“Sah.” warned Miss Denman. “It would
lhe better for all conoerned to say that that
was the spring when Aunt Tabitha took
siek with the pleurisy.”

But just then my attention was distracted
hy the entrance of a new guest. He walked
hriskty and lightly up to the desk, swinging
his suit case, despite the efforts of our
liveried Caliban to grab it, in a buoyant
way, a young looking man who might be
middle aged, with freshfoolor and blond
mustache over smiling lps, quite the pio-
ture of Hope's advance agent.

Let there be no mistake about the light-
ness, briskneas and buoyancy, in view of
what I shall say later; they were all there
in a superlative degree. .

“Oh, by the way,” said this new guest,
after he had registered, unstrapping his
suit cage and taking therefrom an eblens
package, “just put these valuable papers
in the safe for me, will you?"

Billikins gave a supercilious squint at
the regieter,

“Hum,” he mused, “What is the name.
anvwey’ SamuelSprat? Oh,eh? Lemuel
Pratt? All right, Mr. Pratt.” And he

2 GCuOr

ning «
min, 5

inf
Yy

(

4

Not very long ago model makers were

practically unknown in this country

here better than anywhere else.
Some time ago Sir Thomas Lipton pre-

sented to the New York Yacht Club a rigged
so that a vessel 450 feet long is built at 45 | mode! of the Shamrock III.
The exactness of all the details | done poorly and the rigging would not stand.
It was sent to Mr, Boucher and he has done

the work over again. The model is now
almost finished ang is a beautiful piece of

tossed the package into a corner of the

vault like this week's washing.

Under the escort of Caliban, now unre-

sistingly attached to the suit case, Ml

Pratt started for his room; past our great
leather chairs where Miss Elise eyed him |

breathlessly and her sisters eyed him noi

at all, across the corridor toward the ele- |
As he sprang lightly, briskiy, up
the two or three steps leading into the
passageway his foot slipped and he fell
yack heavily. In an instant a swarm of
the Snooze Corner and of
hallboys from the anxious bench had borne

vator,

duffers from

him into the smoking room

Old Dr. Henbane, who was a practising
tenced to a bare competency for the term | physician before he married rich and his
We liked to talk | Wife refused to let him make calls unless
i she went with him, rolled up the injured |
man's‘left trousers leg and rolled down his

left stocking
“My, my,” he said, with many a shake
“a bad eprain, my friend. |

Your Ledy

n so brief a time
; peculiarly sensitive

muat

*I always would swell lie a sponge in a
admitted the

puddle at a bit of a bruise,”
cheerful Mr. Pratt. “!'m in for a siege

hey? Well, I'll try to grin and bear it if
you'll have me helped to my room.”
I stood in my own doorway on the sev-

enth floor and watched as they bore the
injured man to his room
corridor. A low sound,
| sob, caused me to look around.

| Elise Denman was also watching by
stairway, which she |;

lived,

It was a nervous and fussy man with a
very decided limp who lurched rudely past
me tothe register as] braced myself against

the desk rail for my post-prandial smoke,
About two feet from him stood a demure

and pretty young woman, and he kept
bobbing his head around as if in fear that
she might decamp.

“I think 7K on the seventh
about do you,” interrupted Billikins.
not too high up, it's quiet, it has a southern
exposure and a@ private hall
other things you want so much, Mr. Rud-
yard, Cubboard-Slime, Brine,” and he
oocked his head inquisitively at the registry
page.

“Mr. Hubbard Pruyn, sig,” explained the
newcomer with evident feeling. “Perhaps
you will be 80 good as to say whether any
person, @ young man in fact, has inquired
here for me or my daughter, Miss Nellie
Pruyn?”

“Nary an ink,” retorted Rillikins, as he
drew some things that looked like his guest's
whiskers on the blotter.

Mr. Pruyn looked angrily toward the
door and then doubtfully toward his daugh-
ter. Then he ewallowed, hard and sighed.

“Oh, by. the bye,” he saide taking an ob-
long package fram his pocket. “Please
keep this for me in the safe; it contains

valuable papers.”
“A lame duck, Sniffen,” reflected Billi-

floor will

king, when Caliban had convoyed the Rruyns
to their department,
“I don’t think so,” I replied, ‘He's evi-

dently worried and preoccupied, but a man
of substance for all that.”

“A brick is a substanee, Sniffen, as your
hat must have often told you,” grinned
Billikins; and he tossed Mr. Pruyn's pack-

Mr. Boucher has made a study of
model building and has put so much time ,
into his work that now models can be ma te

The work was

.

have never
geen such extravasation and inflammation
; be

at the end of the
like a suppressed
Miss

the
levidently ascended
from the fifth floor, where she and her sisters

“It's

and all the

work. ‘The Shamrock had steel spars, and
#0. those on the vacht are painted to repre-

sont the anetal spars on the cup challenger]
The standing rigging is made of copper wire |

silvered and oxidized

Ihe lateat model Mr. Boucher has finished

is of the Vanadis, the steam yacht now
almost corgpleted in a British yard for C. K.
G. Billings, This model has been on exhibi-
, and Commodore Vanderbilt, Commo-

Benedict, Rear Commodore Hast-
Butler Dunean, Jr., A. Cary Smith

lio
dore fC

ings, W

and many other yachtsmen who have seen |

| it say it is the finest they ever saw,
It is made to a quarter inch scale, so tnat
it is 1-48 of the full size of the yacht. The
Vanadis is 200 feet long overall and 230 feet
onthe waterline. The model is about % feet
ug from the taffrail to the tip of the bow-
sp 1 stands in a glass case 7 feet long.
| The yacht is shown as she would appear in
a dry dock standing on keel and bilge blocks,
Work on this model wasstarted more than
1 year age, and it cost Mr. Billings about
$2,00), It isa fad now with wealthy yachts-
men to have a full rigged model of their
| vac ht in their homes. Mr. Billings is now
yal psnaniernassnsstnssmmeases

it an

 

age into the vault as if it also were one
Here seemed a chance for reprisal

“A word of caution,
gravely, “out of a sincere interest in your
| welfare and a keen realization of how im-
possible it would be to find another place
into which your peculiar talents could fit
60 admirably. Those two packages which
you bave taken in charge this evening are
wrapped in the same sort of paper and are
identical in size and appearance. You
| didn't trouble to mark either; and you put

them both in the aame corner.”

**Murder!” cried Billikins, with a startled

gicnce to where the two packages stood
| side by side like half a oorporste guard

“Oh, thet's all right, Sniffen. They are no
more alike than you and a good fellow,”
But as | walked toward the front entrance
for air I saw that he had the packages out
end was marking them with all the assur-
| ance of a christening for twins.

A young man was standing without,
his nose flattened against the iridescent
giaes, 0 rumpled and agitated young man,
vet with a likable way which seemed to

be your own,

“You will do me the greatest favor in the
world, my dear sir,” he said, his hand ap-
pealingly on my arm, “if you will tell me
where that lame man's rooms are.”

“Ah, but would I be doinghim the greatest
favor in the world?” I bantered

“Indirectly, eventually, yes,”
| tested

“And hie daughter, the pretty Nollie
woud it be directly and immediately with

rer?

“Oh T see you understand; you put
yourself in my place, in her place, in both
our places -

“FKimphatically no.” I interrupted, “I
prefer the moderate sanity of my own
place, But not to be disobliging IT will aay
that the lame man has snite 7K on the
seventh floor. It has a private hallway,
which from his anxiety I should judge he
intends to guard,”

“I don't suppose he would stop the -maid
from bringing in fresh linen,” he whispered
“Mum's the word.” With a wink that might
seal a lifelong intimacy he hurried to the
haggage run, where I saw him engage
John, the head porter, in the same con-
fidential way

As I stood fusing agreeably over my
cigar these fragmenta of a pretty romance,
a thickeet, sharp faced man, who had been
pacing to and fro, joined me.

“That lame chap you were talking about,
| did ne seern in pain when he arrived?” he

he pro-

 

ked.,
“He didn't seem comfortable,” I answered.
“Sort of fidgety and anxious to get under
cover, say?”

“Perhaps so; why?"

“Read the morning paper for the latest
news”; and off he marched down the street
as if at the head of a squad,

III,

There is nothing so effective as a mystery
for throwing a pleasant train of thoughts
off the track. I was glad enough to crawl
out from the wreckage and seek by leisurely
stages and peripatetic chats the refuge
of my room. As I passed along the cor-
ridor of the seventh floor I heard a familiar
7 familiarly complaining.

“A pack of dom transoms,” it was saying.
4 “I vally thim no more'n dirrt.”

“You don't seem to think much of your
new guests, Katie,” I said, pausing at the
door of the linen closets,

Katie, our redoubtable maid, swung per-

a
=

!
OR

; mm
CHIAGD

Billikins,” | said, ,

| take it for granted that his interest must |

 

Pe

See tnin ached

E54) Mic Seleachiheaes
re ee : 2

 

A. A . - - mee -
fad eng? CONNECTICUT
yr 904

ara SM

  

 

WTODEL OF PHOENIX FOR
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION

| going to‘have a model made showing the
This will show «

| foterior of the Vanadis.

longitudinal section,

| body and green boot top
J g I

have the appearance of that wood

| thin lines in waterproof ink are ruled

been used on the model,

best.
and all outboard, so that not an
space on the promenade deck is lost

ine,

tiny blocka. The boats are of mahogany

| apray hood,
of these will turn over.
| and each has its proper outfit

' - 1
| seit about on the threshold, her red arms

akimbo
“And is jit the likes of me that wud, Nr

Sniffen,” she shrilly demanded, “whin there
{xn't but wan decent pair of legs betune
Tawdrev
| bad enough with its full complemint cf
| bats, rats and traps, but a brace of dot
and carry wans must be added to the col-
lection? Did it iver come to your notice, sor,
that a crooked walk and a twisted timper

| the two of thim? Wasn't the

| are own fust coosins?”

“I hope they are fur removed on this

floor, Katie,” | venture? propitiatingly
“Which they isn't, sor. There's
Pratt in the ind room

Mr

finest leddy in the Tawdrey, barrin’ nown
[here'a Mr

in his chair like a Spinx, a-breathjn’ f

{i
a bit of a note to his pretty darter ha}

.

unbeknownst.”

“L hope you didn't get the note and the

letter mixed, Katie
“Which { didn’t, sor; though, now you

sneak of it, Mr. Pratt did see the directions ‘

of bot’, 1 goin’ in there frst, and askin’ him

to choces his own from the two, not havin’

me glasses convenent.”
“Ah; and the pretty daugbter,
soothing her father in 7K?”

“Is she soothin’ him whin she slipped |

| out directly arter 1 slipped the note in
That's what he's swearin’ about, sor, though
why he don't shake his leg and a half inatid
of his tongue I can't see. Howly Hivings
Mr
Elise as white as a ghost from Mr. Pratt's
room! She must have been to see him
besides a-writin’ to him

| in the Tawdrey the night!”

| And shaking her head to a muttered

| accompaniment of “rats, bata and trape,”

|

|

Katie proceeded on her endless round of !

dutics
Wan, indeed, looked Miss Elise Denman
as she waited at my doorway, like a siater of
| mercy, wearied yet faithful in well doing.
t a sign
her into my front room,
“lam going to ask a favor of one not of

| our blood, Mr. Sniffen,” she began, “for the |

first time since I wasa girl, since the summer

elas infact. But youarean honorable and
kindly gentleman; and I am sorely preased

“That Mr. Pratt Who sprained his ankle
downstairs is our dear brother George,
thought by all our friends to be dead long
ago. [recognized him at once and wrote him
a note; and then, ah, then, he telephoned me
to come,

“He muat leave this house at once without
being geen, Will you let him come to your
room and descend the rear fire escape to the
second floor, which lets Out as you know
on the servants’ alley?”

I bowed assent, and in a breath she waa
hack with him, limping more than when
he entered the hotel, but cheerful after a
fierce sort of fashion still. 1 threw open
the window of the rear room.

“Do you think you can make it?” I asked
doubtfully, pointing to the steep, narrow
siepe

“Mako it?” he repeated scornfully. “Why,
a bedridden paralytic could make it with
bloodhounds on hia track, Didn't I walk
up to the desk all right?”

“Yes, but you weren't injured then."

“Wasn't I? That's all you know. I've
heen stumping on that sprained ankle for
two days, uncle. That trip by the elevator
was a stall on my part; afd it would have

 
 

 

The hull is painted white with red ander
On the main deck
| there is a deckhouse 158 feet long and above
this isa sundeck. The lower deck is teak,
; and on the model it has been stained to
The
promenade deck is of white pine laid in long
lengths, and to give this the proper effect

The chart house, upper rail and flying
bridge are of mahogany, and that wood haa
This has been very
cleverly put on and the joiner work isof the
Six boats are slung from the davits

Thee
boats are suspended from miniature dovits
and the falls are properly rove through

One is a family motor boat on which is a
In the power boats there are
tiny motors made to scale and the wheela
The rudders work
In the row-

bitin’ his lip and |
erindin’ his teet’ over a letther from the
Pruyn, in 7K, all limped up
fire and fury becuz | admitted 1 had sip
hour since from a young gintleman that's

is ashe

Sniffen; if here don't come pore Mias ‘

from her frail hand 1 admitted |

that Uncle John was 80 bad with the erysip- |

 

   
 
   

i icaee
FUTCH SS STEAMEF.

 
    
  
 

 

hoats are the oars, thole pina and seats :
Ou the flying bridge is a steam steering
wheel, a binnacle with compass and lamps
at the side, chart table, engine telegraph,
electric telltale and speaking tube. F
The Vanadis is rigged with {wo masts
anc these are stayed in the regulation way
with turn buekles, The flag of the New
York Yacht Club hoisted on halyards flies
from the fore and the private signal of Mi
Bilings from the main. These flags can
be lowered on the model at any time. Over
' the taffrail is the United States vacht en-
sign ict
Mr. Boucher told something of the work
of making a model. The wood used for

the hull is white pine, well seadoned anit '
This wood is as hard to !

free from knots
get as the best hard wood. Sometimes it is
necessary to fasten several pieces together
longitudinally to get a piece large enough
for the hull. Then this has to be ahaped
according to the plans. This is a careful
piece of work ag overy curve haa to be prop-
erly defined, Often in making a model errora
of the designer are discovered, and these

errors show quicker on a medel than in any |
{

worked, too, if by all that's perverse Proyn
hadn't come to the same house. Lucky,
though, I saw a note the mvil had for
hia daughter, ”

. “But your package in the vault?"

“Don't worry about that, I gave Sis an
order for it and she fetched it to me.
here, nearest my oner Well, ta ta!”

“Good-by, dear George; and do try to be
good,” cried poor Miss Elise.

“TI will--to myself,” and out and down he
tripped like a lamplighter

As | escorted Miss Elise to the stairway
and then turned back, the elevator car shot
up. Out stepped the thickset, sharp faced
man who had accosted me in the entrance,
with Billikins, looking as if he would much
rather be behind the desk,

“Come,” said the former, laying a heavy
hand on my arm, “I am a Headqyarters
man and [ need your services as & good
citizen, I'm after Hartung, the bank rob-
her. He cleaned up a cool hundred thousand
two days ago and got away with it at the
cost of a broken leg. That's what gave him
away tome, We got word to look out for
him; the extradition papers ought to be here
by now Come, come,” and he led the way
to iK F ;

I\

Pruyn was all huddled upina great arm-
chair, seemingly sitting on his foot. He
glared at us like a wounded lion as we en-
tered, and when the Headquarters man
bluntly accused him of being Hartung the

bank robber I thought he would explode |

with rage.

“You triple extract idiot!" he roared, “I'm
Hubbard Pruyn, the Governor's special
representative in this very case, Didn't my

It's all too much , "@mMe mean anything to you?”

“Your limp and your nervous ways meant
more,” the man asserted doggedly,

“My limp, dolt? Hartung injured his
leg or sprained his ankle, didn't he? Well, .
does this look like an. injured leg or a
sprained ankle?” ° |

And twisting around in his chair, Mr. |
Pruyn held up anempty trousers leg, show-
ing that hie left leg was off at the knee,

“You, you didn't say anything about |
having an artificial leg,” stammered . Billi- |
kina, |
“And where, and where ia it, then?” stut-
tered the Headquarters man.

“What business is either or both ques-
tions of both or either of you?" sputtared
the justly incensed Mr. Pruyn,

“It's all right,” at length conceded the
officer, “but you might have saved all this,
misunderstanding by coming directly to
Headquarters instead of tolegraphing. As
it was, I was are & big chance trymg to
make an arrest without the papers,

Mr. Pruyn’s face cleared somewhat and
then showédd pain,

“That is true to an extent,” he replied,
“The fact is I was hampered by my
daughter.”

“And where is your daughter?” ven-
tured Billikins, with a curious glance
around, “She might fetch your leg to you,

you know.”

eae. blank, boom!” exploded Mr.
Pruyn. * u prinnlng ape, will you
down to the office and fetch that Valneile
pechage I left in your charge before | de-
en you evefi worse than nature has
lone?”

And haughty Billikins aped away like
Caliban bimeelf. es
“J " say to you, officer,”. continued

bd

It's |

| that aH your objections are the m rest

| papa,” chimed in merry Nellie, “as you very

| Whv, Lord 'a’ merev, what have we here?”

“come and help your poor old bather

 

 
  
 
 
    
   

i

       
   
   
 

   
   
     
  
 

SS SECTION OF
° ANS POR? SMEAR

|—
! all hand made. The sheaves are of inetal
! and the metal part is brass, gold plated to
| keep it from tarnishing. Some of there
blocks are so amall that the work is very
trying. The life buoys are emall bone
| rings corded in the regulation way
| The aollection of models of the New York
| Yacht Club shows all the yachts that hava
taken part in racas for the America’s op,
| These modela show the development of the
hulls from the light draught centreboard of
| the American type and the doap, narrow
| cutter of the British type to the proeaant
—— | boat, which is a combination of tha two
other way. The hull is left solid‘and after | The American designers have accepted tha
it has been shaped it has to be smoothed | doop draught of the British, and the British
and painted. It took eight coata of paint | have taken the beam of the Americans
and each had to be rubbed down to get the | These models show also the changes in tha
hull of the model of the Vanadis fit | rig of the racing craft, Just now Mr, Boucher
rhe hull finished, the deck houses have | is at work on the models of the Canadian
to be put on, and these are built to scale, } challenger Atalanta and the American de-
White pine or mahogany is used for this | fender Mischief.
work, and then come the fittings. The grat- Several models have been made for tha
ings are ‘laid just as on the larger vessels, | Smithsonian Institution at Washington, Two
Some model makers havestamped wood | of these are of vessels that played an im-
{> represent gratings, but Mr. Boucher has | portant part in the early history of steam
thin strips eut aod laid accurately, which | navigation. One is the Phenix, which wes
elast longer than the stamped kind } one of the first of the Hudson River boats,
Then comes the work of rigging. For | and the other is the Finch boat, which was
the masts white holly is used, and the | designed with six oars on each side, the
, Shrouds are made of copper wire silvered | oars worked by an engine.
end oxidized. This makes the rigging re-| For the War Department Mr. Boucher
‘"samble steel and it daes not discolor. Each | made some time ago a model of the trans-
‘shroud is made of seven or nine strands, port Sherman. It ehowed the big transport
| twisted, and each is set up with @ turn | cut right through the centgs from bow to
buckle. These tiny turn buckles have | stern, Now Mr. Boucher has made two
right and left hand screws, the screws no | more models for the War Department of
thicker than a pin, The shrouds are set | thesame transport. These show the interio
tuut and the etrain is equalized. | looking forward and aft from a point amid-
A little trick tells when the tension ig | shipe
properly distributed, The man setting up | Anather model built for the War Danart-
the shroud picks each with his finger as a | ment is of a steamer that is to be built and
violin player does the strings of his instru- | used for laying mines. The machinery for
ment, and when each gives the same note | lifting the mines is shown. On this ship
each has the same tension, the propeller is guarded so that it will not
The blocks are made of how wood andare | get foul of any of tho minesor wires,

 
       
  

4

Vy

+. ol

   
  
 

   

-

 

‘
a

‘ are
Cheldhe

 
  
  

BRASS BAND INSTRUMENTS.

|
{ Mr. Pruyn more calmly, “who, after all, |
have erred onlv through excesa of zeal,
; iat this package for which I have sent
contains my own credentials, the extra-
! dition papers and all the affidavita in the
case, ‘The fact is, as 1 did not care to ex-
plain before that flippant flunkv, my daugh-
ter has beeome entangled with a young
man Sr I do - approve. I became | shouldn’t there be? You can buy second
aware that he was follow us, ied | py: > ‘ t .
to take precautions te save han fea Ee hand yachts, pianos, steam boilers, bricks
own folly, pfecautions alae——” second hand auything on earth; why |
“Precautions, alas and alack, which | second hand band instruments’
could not dam the course of true love,| “How do they come to be offered second
much as you have done so yourself ever | hand? Why, just as anything elae does
Somebody gives up using an instrument

since, hey, papa?” cried a merry voice,
And in entered pretty Nellie amd the con- ;
and then he sells it; or somebody wants to
buy a better instrument.and then he sells

fiding vouhg man who had asked the num-
ber cf the suite in the entrance, hand in |
the old one.
“Take for instance an amateur who

hand @
“Let ve iniredees ey dearly beloved
t i ( * oF ) , f ven i

' aan pod “Charlee lapane and oour mae thinks he'd like to learn to play a cornet
humble servant.” : : and he doesn't know whether he can pluy
or whether he'll want to keep on after he's
begun, He drops in and buys a new cornet
for say $10.

“Indeed I am, Mr. Pruvn,” exclaimed
“He does very we'l with it; finds he can

the vougg fellow, pressing forward in that
confourded appealing way af his, “If you

learn to play on {t and improy es in his play-
ing and becomes teuliy interested in it,

will only give me a show I'll prove to you
and then he wants a better instrument,

but he doesn’t want to waste or throw away
the old one, and he doesn't have to. He
| comes in and selects a new cornet, buy-
ing one this time that ccsts maybe $20 01
$3), and if the old cornet is in good con-
| dition, why, we take that and allow a fair
amount for it in exchange.

[Ake Pretty Much Everything Vise They
Can Be Bought Secord Hand.
“Is there such a thing as second hand
brass band instruments? Why, certain|y
seid a musica! instrument dealer, “Why

prejudices. Everybody likes me: T
plenty of money ”
“And T have: your poor leg hid away

ave
|

well know, and if you don't relent I vow T
won't find it,”

And just then, before Mr. Pruyn could
frame the anathemas that were swelling his
veins and suffusing his eyes, Billikins hur-
riedback with the package and the parent
gave way to the lawyer | “So there, you see, we have on hand a

“Here we are,” soliloquized Mr. Pruyn, | Second hand cornet which has come to a
uawranping the stiff brown paper, “You'}| | in the most natural way in the world, just
find everything shipshane and sufficient, | @ Many sorts of second hand goods cone
officer, if once you can get your hands on | into possession of dealers in various things.
the simon pure Hartune. Here we | And the amateur may later want a still better
| instrument—he can pay about $6) for 4

He fell back from the open package with | cornet ofthe very highest quality, or $1)
amazement which was reflected on eve or more for such a cornet gold plated—and
face. For the contents of that package con- | 80 from such a player we may take in the
sisted of stacks and piles of crisp bank notea | course of time more than one cornet in
of high denominations in incredible quanti- ; exchange, and from all such players t-
ther! s gether we may accumulate a consideralie

*Why-—why-—yes, it must be,” hesitated | 8look of second hand cornels, including
Mr Pruvn, recoverins his professional poise, | instruments of high grade.

Yes, there is no doubt of it This package ; “Individual professional players in bands
contains the stolen money Where did yon | may exchange brass instruments in j)i+t
get it, clerk?” “| the samo way; buy a better instrument

“You gave it to me,” replied Billikins, | and turn in the old one in part paymer
“See, | wrote your name on it.” | Or an instrument may become worn and

“Yer, and you wrote Mr, Pratt's name oya | they want a new one.
similar package,” lexplained, “and in each “The life of a brass instrument’ !t
case you wrete the right naméon the wrong | depends of eourse largely on the amount

of use to which it is subjected, though it
depends also gomewhat on the manner
of its use. One man might oarry ove
ten years in perfect playing order, w!:'*
with another player the same instrumer'
might have kept in that condition |
more than five years or less before {/°
| Valves would need refitting.

“At the same time something mig!t
depend on the instrument itself, for no
two brass instruments are exdcily alike
You might turnout a dozen corneta ma ia

package—I mean the wrong name on the

right package--I_ mean the—”"

“Who is Mr. Pratt, and where is he?*
demanded Mr, Pruyn sharply.

“He sent for his package an hour ago,

|

and when I passed his room just now it
was empty,” answered the chastened Bil-
likins.

“Mr. Pruyn threw back his head and
laughed long and heartily.

“So endeth the second lesson,” hechucklad.
“Officer, you might as well go home and

take a well earned rest. The money ig | from the same patterns and theeame sto

recovered, which is nine-tenths of "os and no two of them would be absolut

-battle; let the poor devil ga, as indeed you | alike in operation.

must, with the cold comfort that the papers “And #0 from one source and anol!’
in the case may afford him. I will see | second hand brass instruments are ac

that you don't go unrewarded.” ,
“Lt seems to me I ought to have a share
of the reward myself,” ventured Billikins,

cumulated. A large dealer in mus
might accumulate hundreds of su
nstruments and even issue catalogues

Mr. Pruyn again stared so fiercely that | them. And for all these second hand :
we three beat a precipitate retreat. I | struments there is a market.
looked back on the threshold. His arms “They may be sold to beginners ©:
were extended, his face aglow with amiles. players, and such a thing has heen hew

“Come, my children,” he wag sa of as a new band equipping itself throus
out with second hand instruments for |

his leg.” sake of economy."