}

PRESIDENT AS A CHURCHGOBR

His DEVOTIONS AROUSE THE
INTEREST OF SIGHTSEERS.,

y. Roosevelt a Drawing Card for Twe
Churches—The Crowd, His Arrival
and His Behavior Durtns the Services

Wasminoron, April 25.—The President is
not caly a good churchgoer hi but
jeserves the thanks of at least two Wash-

gion preachers for his aid in boosting

' \\esize of thetr congregations,

With his predilection for having every-
‘hing in sight reformed it is no more than
natural perhaps that his church also should

ear the magic label. It is Grace Reformed,

rather small, grayetone building on
Fifteenth atreet, not quite a mile from the
White Houne

G Heformed is not a fashionable
fhe congregation is ugassuming
pearance and would be decidedly

| size if it were not for the Preai-
He fills certainly two-thirds of the
for as audiences go the preacher
«to look for lean yoars after March

  

Wile the President fills dozens of the
the mera fact of hig expected
presence he occupies his own seat in soli-
y geandeur, Onee in a while he goes
viii hia wile and family to &t, John's, but
n't seem inclined to reciprocate the
John's rejoices in the local
f “the church of state,” and always
fcr the President of the
States, though it had not been in
ind for a good many years when Mrs.
peceme the Ledy of the White

tlention, St

SA pew

el « goes to his own churoh or
t, no one but Theedore Roosevelt, unless
‘friend or guest ecoompanying
rarely happens, ia ever soated

» President's pew at Grace Koformed.

|

|
|
|

|
|

wanted a glimpse of him, but not enough to
go to ohureh for it,
By this time the gallery has precipitated

Rush Back to the White Honse. | itmelf down the oarrow stairways and with

the other agitated sightseers ‘is debouching
upon the street. The President haa reached
the corner. Behind him are, firet, his eoat-
taille flapping furiously; next the Seeret
Servios men, looking as if they Were pray-
ing not for length of days 'but for length
of legs; next the populace, men,women and
children, black, white and middlin's, strid-
ing, runping, making up lost ground with
apasmodic rushes, skirts billowing, feathers
fiyfhg, more coattails flapping.

At the corner the President outs diag- |
onally acrose without regard for crossings
and takes a shoot down Rhode Ieland |
avenue to Sixteenth , whence it isa!
straight run to the White House gleaming |
in the distance, Remember thisitinerary
if you meditate meeting the President on
his way to or from church, Ha alway}
takes the same rovte. |

The wide street, which some want te be

| called the Avenue of the Presiden‘s, dips

|
|
|

|

4 Service men always accompany |

fo pot sit with hin

f vay morning sa early as 10
ele the sightseers begin to gather
nf ’ the gray building in Fifteenth
Moat of them are tourlats whose
e to eee the President is to catch
hand who ave willing to wait
utside if need be and to epend
hour and more inside for the pos-
e of a climnoee of the man

Tet ly *
ton is pested on the steps and
rowd into a donble line which
om to the flattering length of
lvol yarda er more before the doors
ered. It is Ineky for the multitude
ident’s church is not an other-
If it were crowded by its
ors, outsiders would have to eub-

puarone,

inti) after the singing of the first
regulation familiar to the

trams

1co ‘leformed the doors are opened

fore 10:30 and people are admitted
admonition

et .
eV

re the best seats.” Of course
eis tho beet seats for getting a view
Prosi tant

y accepted that the multitude is

noing in tine because of a consuming
© hear the Gospel as it is expounded

Reformed Church. Even the
er can cherish no illusiona on that

t when people who have fought the
vd and wheadle! the ushers into giving
na frort seat calmly and conspicuously
' up and walk out when, the service
ng proceeded for fifteen minutes, it
no5 ey
makea mistake to waitsolong. The
‘eat does not straggle in fifteen minutes
On the other hand he doesn't waste a
‘er of an hour by getting there fifteen
ites too aoon.

fact the gallery, tired of craning ite
‘at every person who goes up the aisle
\ has altraady begun openly and mourn-
to ceclare thet he isn't coming at all,
ere ia a @udden shock of expectancy.
Lefore the rapid strides of the four
» have just entered have brought
iew of the gallery, those up-

ve whispered: “Here he is.”
iy men are the usher, the President,

e two Secret Service men, It ia a
whether the usher could keep
it very long, but he does nobly

fietance between the door

» second left hand pew from the front,

tthe Roosevelt seat.

Nine of the ‘Seeret Servieo men quietly
ty the end of a pew acrosa tho aisle

Lehout Eve rows back of the President.
ther takes an end seat across the

| rows further back.

thing the President dces is to
ead briefty in an attitude of prayer,

leans forward and epeake to a

iddle aged woman end a young boy wpo

rally cecupy the seat in front of him,

lke with them two or three minutes

hile he pulls off his gloves and stows them
V his silk bat.

The » pets his big gilt edged prayer
rom the rack and finds the place. He
dy for business; and so accurately

- he time his arrival that the service is

me beginning.
during the ninety minutes
ww he gives the nearest imitation
e yepose of which he is capable
» waking hours. He does pretty well,
ag his temperament and the fact
ral hundred human beings are con-
« their attention on the back of

mart

he makes a move it ia followed with

‘leenest interest by scores of eyes. If

ches the back of his head, if he

s hair, if he adjusts his eyeglasses

i rustle of attention. It ia enough

koa stone image wriggle.

mewhat to the disappointed surprise

« ol servers the President does not
Ho's not absolutely quiet, but
for him!
le sings—oh, he sings!—he doesn't

© Lock ten notes in succession.
nis glance and the page are con-
it's a chronic case of on again, off

he

winal

 

‘ly he never bows his head for
except when he enters and takes his
lie reads the prayers with uplifted

1 when he kneela on the bench in

lie does not bow his head even

cing with the rest, he repeata the
r 9 lr ver
ines to the sermon he is a model
r att n. If he doesn't lieten he at
sas if he were doing so. The
4 he richt of the platform, so that
rfsident has to turn his head some-
t e tye preacher Apparently he
niss a word,
rvioce concludes with singing, fol-
the benediction. Before the
‘0g ‘8 over the President has put his
mn book in the rack and has picked up
nat and gloves,
wring the benedioton he gets one foot
ink ‘aisle and his hand on the énd of the
feat ready for aquick start. At their posts
the Secret Service men algo have got half
Wav into the aisle and are alert.
The instant the amen is pronounced the
President bas started. ‘ore people have

lie

 

“Just go up to the |

ident that the President won't |

| celebrities who go there to church, But

at period of painful suspense and |

| whistle is on and we have to hold up, and
| BUppose we've overrun a foot or eo before |

 

(rrr
reser Sl stl SS

| Not on your life.

| the king of the crossing, all right, and he

away below the oircle, and one oan stand
and wateh the funny procession stream
down the grade, the President forging
always at its head, his gait close to atx |
miles an hour. The philosophic policeman
at the circle smiles pityingly, |

“They'll foller him eclean to the White
House—them as can keep him in aight,” |
says he.

At the gait be is going the President |
will got home as early as ithe went with |
his wife to St. John's. That hé does ooce- |
sionally go there ie what makes meany |
sightseers consent to push and be pushed
in ite little vestibulo for an hour on end
waiting for a chance to get in.

Of course they want to see Mra, Roose-
velt and the family, not te mention other

 

the hagy prospect of seeing the President
is a big card even here.
THE CAUFPFEURS SIDE. |
Some of the Indignities te Which He Has
te Submit,

“Ya as,” aaid the man at the wheel, *we |
hear a lot about how chauffeurs take oross- |
ings ot forty miles an hour and put it up
to people to jump or get run over, and how

| reckleas we are generally; how we don't

seem to think of anybody but ourselves,
and what a great trial we are to every-
body; but nobody ever seems to think of
what we have to undergo. Why, we have
to put up with things that would make
your blood run cold

“You take it at croagings, for instance,
those same crossings where they say we're
always running over people.

“Suppose we hit a crossing when the

 

we can atop her. Do you suppose we're
allowed to stand there where we stopped?

“Some truckman may have overrun |

| two feet and maybe they let him etay, but

the policeman’s hand goes up to us. He's

never leaves any doubt about that in our

minds. Up goes his hand, and it’s back, |

| back, back for us, and there we have to

stand and wait till the king gete good and
ready and blows his whistle.

“True, when he doss blow we do start
up sort of sudden like, at a pretty good
clip, and brush past within about three-
quarters of an inch of him 6o that he has to
stand back, but when he's got us halted
he holds us up good and plenty.

“But what the'policeman does to us ain't
a marker to what the drivers do. You
let some driver get the right of way ahead
of you so much as an inch at a cross étreet
and see what he does.

“In such a case, of course, if there's an
inch of space to one side in front of him,
why you can throw on your power and
awerve out and brush past him—you can
handle a machine this way.a good deal
easier than vou can @ team of horsee—and
make his horses throw up their heads and
make him cuss But if there isn't that
inch of space for manceuvring, why you
have to hold up and let him go by.

“And is he nice and polite about it? Does
he shake up his harses a bit and h ‘em
along a little and get out of the way as quick
as he can? Why, bless your soul, he
just lets his team eag along, take their own
time, and he looks straight ahead as if he |
never heard of such a thing as an automo-
bile, never pays the slightest attention in
the world to me, doesn’t even look down on
me, just lets me go to the old harry, doesn't
even seem to know 1|'m there, but just keeps
a-going easy and never sees me,

“Why, only just this morning I was held
up that way by a man with a barrel truck,
an outfit that I could have smashed into
slivers with one belt. You know those
barre! trucks? The light, long tailed one
horse trucks made for carrying empty
barrels?

“The load ie light and you can carry about
seven hund millions in one load; makes
a joad as high as a mountain and as long
as 4 mountain range; takes t an hour
and a half for one of these trucks, loaded,

to feths :

“Well, this morning, going up the avenue,
I met one of those trucks with a load of
empty barrels coming across through &
cross street and things happened to be just
so that I couldn't scoot by. I just had to
hold up and let him pass—$10,000 worth of,
automobile held up by a truckloadef empty
flour barrels! And did the driver hurry
up his hayee @ little so that 1 could move

uh

on? H
the
the

“He just sat up there on the top of
mountain at the forward end, w
barrela went down in a straight front cliff
in front, with his lines running almost
straight up and down to his horse's back,
and never so much as looked at me; appar-
ently didn't know there was any such person
in existence; he'd got the start of me and he
was making the moat of it.

“Why, I believe the hors was in it, too,
he moved eo slow. He didn’t bok my way,
but he jist barely lifted one foot after an-*
other and clomped along.

“Huh! We hear enough about the suffer-
ings of the public, but never a word about
ahe trials of the chauffeur.”

 

WHEN SMOKE RISES STRAIGAT.

That,’ the Prefessor Says; Is the Only Sure
Sign of Spring.

“When the smoke goes straight up,°
said Prof. von Joggleby, *why, then we
know it's spring. =

“For some weeks now the ¢giks have
been clearing up in the range ct yards
in view from my study window’and the
grass has been green there, and it is now
some weeks since the first bude appeared
on the earlier budding trees.

“But still it wasn’ spring. for we had
gold days end o Nipe 6 wos ber
winter w ng us &
ae ee

ing spring etill in the bagk
erring will not show its face when the cold
winds blow.

“But now the winds have blown them-
selves out and the air is still and the amoke
riees straight from the chimneys, lazily in
the warm ng air.

“The on those earlier baddieg trees
have now broken into leaves and all vege-
tation is now coming into life, revived
the warm breath of spring, now filling the

earth everywhere.

“How grateful to us all is spring, ood sen
POS Cal Testy ait oad the smoke riding
straight from the chimneys.”

a

PROFANATION BY ANARCHISTS

eee

A CORPSE SUBSTITUTED FOR THE
RED FLAG IN ROME.

The Reoent Rict Caused by an Attempt te
Conduct a Demonstration Under Cover
of a Pumeral—Effect of ihe General
Gtrike That Followed—Leaders’ Tricks,

Rome, April 6.—Heretofore the emblem
of the Noman anarchists has been a red
flag, but this has now been replaced by a
corpse. The red flag was too conspicuous
and it had the great disadvantage of serving
asa mark of identification for the men whp

 

IT Bedomah

mafohed behind it. Besides it afforded the
amarchiste no protection.

The corpse, generally that of a poor man
in @ plain deal coffin, carried on a common
hearse to & common grave, serves the pur-
pose of the anarchists much better. They

e the attitude of mourners and
follow it ag if they were actually taking part
in the funeral. Their pockets may be full
of stones ready to be hurled at the police
when the time comes,and they may carry
concealed weapons; but to all appearances
they are simply following a dead man to
his grave, and hence they are allowed to
pass undisturbed, as the dead in Rome
haye been sacred since time immemorial.

When a wave of anti-clericalism swept
over Italy last summer and the anarchists
of Rome thought that the time had arrived
t© overthrow religion they heard that a
poor man Had died in one of the hospitals.
He was not & good man, it seems, and he
had spent most of his life in prison. He
had no family and had died unlamented,
even by e woman who had forgotten that
once she had been his wife.

The anarchists discovered this woman,
who was poor and steeped in the lowest
drege of vice, and persuaded her to allow
them, as the next of kin of the dead man,
to conduct the funeral, She consented,
or rather her consent was bought for 10
franos, and the anarchisis took charge of
the corpse, placed it in a hearse which they
covered with flowers, dismissed the priest

 

 

| who was ready to follow the man to the

grave and attempted to march to St. Peter's
Square, where speeches were to be made
praising the dead man's life, his criminality
and his irreligion, and where a demonstra-
tion against che Pope and religion was to
be held. ‘

The police, learning the plans of the
anarchists, prohibited .the funeral and pre-
vented the anarchists from roaching St.
Peter's Square. The plot, or rather the
experiment, proved an utter failure. Time
passed, the anti-clerjoal movement sub-
aided and this incident was forgotten, for-
gotten so completely that it has not even
heen recalled as having any connection
with a similar incident which happened two
days ago.

A bricklayer fell from a scaffold, was
carried unconscious to the nearest hospita!
in one of the King’s carriages that hap-
pened to be passing, and a few hours after-
ward died. He was neither a socialist nor
an anarchist, but an honest laborer who
worked the whole week through and went
to church on Sundays. He left a widow
and a child living in a village near Rome,
and in the natural course of events his body
would have been carried in a poor man's
coffin to a poor man's grave.

The dead man's comrades decided to fol-
low his body to the cemetery, and on the
day of the funeral essembled at the hos-
pital’s gate. To their surprise they eaw
that instead of a couple of hundred mourn-
ere there was a crowd of several thousand.

The assemblage included all the anarchists
of Rome, and with them the offecourings
of the population, the loafers, the pick-
pockets, the pregiudicati, or those that had
served terms of imprisonment and were
under police surveillance, men who be-

ONIONS MAKING TEXANS RICH |

THIS YEARS CROP EXPECTED
TO BRING $1,000,000.~

The Industry Startcd Ten Vears Age at
larcds Now Giving Related Wedding
Trips and Automobiles to Farmers
~The Cailing Easy to Follow Too.

Larspo, Tex., April 25.—Mr, and Mrs,
George C. Woodman of Laredo took &
bridal trip to the Thousand Islands, Boston,
New York and other Eastern cities and re-
sorts last summer. They had been mar-
ried for nineteen years, but it was the first
tlme that they had the money to spare for
a bridal journey.

Thafthey had the money then was due
to onions. Mr. Woodman is one of the
many men who are getting rich growing
Bermuda onions. He cleared $9,000 on
eighteen acres of onions last year.

“We will now take that bridal trip which
I was too poor to give you when we were
firet married,” Mr. Woodman told his wife
when he sold his onion crop and had the
money in bank. °

Mrs. Woodman is a member of the Mar-
ried Ladies Club of Laredo, and when her
friends heard of the bridal trip they pre-
pared to give her and Mr. Woodman a send-
off. All of the members of the club were at
the atation with bags of rice and saoks of
onions, and when the couple boarded the
train they were showered with rice and
pelted with onions.

Their seats in the sleeping car were
banked with rice and their baggage was
decorated with ribbons and oupid detigns.
The couple were made to fee) that they had
lost nothing in the way of demonstrations
of affection on the part of their friends by
waiting nineteen years to go on their wed-
ding journey.

It will not be long at the present rate
before Texas has her onion millionaires,
There is nothing speoulative in onion grow-
ing, at least that has been the case up to
this time. Good prices are assured and
there has never been a failure of the crop
since the industry wee started in the Rio
Grande Valley eight or ten years ago. &

 

  

|
|

       
  
  
 
 

Pe
‘a \4i3 ie Ys) zy
Sue ee Nat
ee Aaa Vi ai "e

IN Fa OES

ND FPOTWHEREO

 

riffraff and rabble. They ali came for the
funeral, about 5,000 of thetn. °

The ahorteet route from the hospital to
the cemetery, and that generally followed
by funerals, lay through the back streets
of the city, but the crowd insisted on pass-
ing through the central rart of Rome,
and the hearse was accordingly led toward
the Corso Vittorio Emanuele.
policemen on
prevent this change of route but failed,
80 they telephoned to headquarters and
a company of infantry and all the police-
men and carabineers available were called
out and ordered to stop the passage of the
funeral procession close to the Church of

the Geai, where a narrow street leads to |

the house of the Austrian Embassy ac-
credited to the Vatican, and further on to
the royal palace of the Quirinal.

The soldiers and police had hardly taken
up their position before the heed of the
procession following the hearse appeared.
The heads of the 5,000 false mourners were
not bent down feigning sorrow. They ad-
vanced boldly in a threatening attitude,
pushing the hearse before them and striv-
ing to rueh through the line of soldiers
and policemen. Some men who were carry-
ing flags broke the staffs in pieces and dis-
tributed tham to be used aggreapons. Stones
and knives were taken out of pockets and
lifted on high

The shops were hastily closed, peacefu
citizens fled, the tramcars and carriages
stopped, and the anarchists, under the
shelter of the hearse, marched nearer and
nearer to the line of armed men drawn
acroes the narrow street. “Long live an-
archy!” they shouted. “Down with the
army! Death to the police! Hurrah for
the social revolution!"

The police caught the horses of the hearse
by the bridles and tried to push them back.
The hearse was nearly overturned. The
anarchists began to throw stones. ‘The
troops charged repeatedly but were driven
back.

Then a strange thing happened. Two
carta loaded with bricks appeared from
around a oorner. The anarchiate rushed
over and in a minute the carte were empty
and the bricks were falling fast and thick

VOB ARO
longed to criminal associations, and all the
}
|
}
| on the policemen and soldiers, Whenever

   

The few |
the spot attempted to |

M PROC EES ON OLAS T NE ooh NEAR

f
Ke

 

‘EOF THE ANARCHISTS Was SHOT;

 

the line was. broken and the police and
| soldiers were almost overpowered, the
| to fire was given.
| The first revolver shota of the police
| Were answerad hack. The police aimed
| high, but the anarchista aimed straight,
| and thirty-one policernen and soldiers were
‘shot. Then the soldiers opened fire. They
| too aimed high, but the sound of a volley
of musketry was sufficient to cause a stam-
pede,
| The anarchists left twenty-two of their
| companions on the field. Two were shot
dead, two diced later, and the remainder
were only slightly wounded. Among the
| wounded was a young lady who was watch-
| ing the conflict from a window,

The anarchists having fled, the hearse
proceeded unaccompanied to the ceme-
| tery. The square where the riot had taken
‘place was strewn with broken  bricke,
| knives, sticks, long sharpened nails, pieces

of glass—in short with the weapons of the

assailants.

The riot had a sequel of course. Deepite
the fact that the four men killed were
anarchists and notoriously bad characters
one of whom had spent more than nine years

| in prison though he was only 18, that the
funeral was only a pretext for collecting the
| anarchists of Rome, who evidently in-
| tended to reach not the Austrian Embassy
| but the Quirinal, that the police and sol-
| diers onl? used their weapons when they
| were overpowered, atill the riot was called
a massicre, the men shot were described |
as victims and martyrs and the police and
soldiers were denounced as murderers. |

The dead men rose to the dignity of
heroos, the places where they fell were
covered with flowers and burning candles |
were placed there. The Mayor of Rome,
who owes his election to the same rabble;
that attacked the police in the Piazza del |
| Gest, ordered the city’s flag to be hoisted
at half mast as a sign of national mourn-.|
ing and sent a clerk of the municipality
to the houses of al! those who were wounded
during the riot with instructions to dis- |
tribute financial aid. The clerk was un-
able to accomplish his mission, at least in |
| full, as he discovered that most of the
| so-called victims had no families, but lived

in houses of evil fepute.

Then a goneral strike was proclaimed |

!

     
    
  
    
    
 

 

Ost

 

occupied by lines of soldiers, while the
cavalry held the squares and guarded the
bridges acroas the Tiber.

Tho appearance of Rome during the two
days that the strike lasted was dismal in
the extreme. The foreign tourists and
visitors who now crowd the city for the
sights of Holy Week wore alarmed at the

| display of troops and remained shut up

in hotels, not considering it safe to ven-
ture out. A great many of them left the
city carrying their own luggage to the

station, as no cabs could be had for love |
| or
| and only tho Piazza del Gesd was crowded

money. The streeta. were deserted
by the moh watching the blood stains on
the pavement.

But everything in Italy, and especially
at Rome, ends well, provided full vent is
given to sentiment. The flowers @nd
lighted candles round the blood stains on
the pavement wore evidently not enough
to express sympathy with the men who
attempted to kill policemen and were shot
just in the nick of time. Some manifes-
tation on a larger ecale, worthy of Rome,
“degna di Roma,” they said, was needed.
A popular procession was proposed.

The organizers assured the Chief of
Police that if the procession was allowed
the strike would be over within twenty-
four hours, and the Chief of Police, who
is a practical man, allowed it. Accordingly
the procession was held,

It wasecomposed of about 8,000 persons.
They started from the Collseum and
marched to the cemetery carrying wreaths
and flage—red and black, of course—and
surrounded by soldiera and policemen
with loaded rifles. The cemetery was
surrounded by cavalry ready to charge.

Speeches were made, the wreaths were
placed on the coffins of the victims, and
the procession dispersed peacefully.

“Let us attack the troops,” shouted an
anarchist; “the dead are dead and we must
avenge them!” Nobody pald any atten-
tion to this short speech except a pick-
pocket who deftly stole the anarchiat's
watch, 69 the would be leader of the
assault cried “You are cowards and thieves!"
while the police were dragging him to prison.

The strike ended, and as far as outward
appearances are concerned it seems ulready
to hav? been forgotten. But in time the
200 anarchists arrested wil! be released,
and they may happen to follow another
funeral and seek under the shelter of a
corpse to attack and overpower the police.

There is an old man in Rome who is a
great friend of mine. He sells post cards

to foreigners, and in the conviction that

I am not a foreigner and therefore one of
his customers he exchanges confidences
with me during the season and asks*for
pennies during the summer when the city
is empty and no purchasers of post cards
are to be fou d.

He came up to me yesterday and asked
for alms. I expressed surprise and re-
marked that the season was in full fling
and he never begged when he could work.

“The strike has ruined me, signorino mio,”
hesaid. “I have not sold a single card since
Thursday.”

So I gave him the penny. He thanked
me and said in a whisper after assuring

a soldier or a policeman fell a dozen men | as a protest, The shops were forced to | himaelf that nobody was near enough to

rushed up, beat him with broken bricks,
bit him end spat on him.

Meanwhile the police and soliders had

' yefrained from using their weapons. The

buglera sounded the usua! call indicating

that fire was going to be opened, but the

 

In the territory immediately adjacent to

, Laredo there were 1,500 acres planted in

{ onjons this season. The crop is now being

| harvested. It will bring a net return of
nearly one million dollars.

The yield to the acro mins es high as
22,000 pounds of onions, or a little more
than one carload. Some farmers haye
netted as much as $700 an acre. A return

_ Of $400 or 8500 an acre is common.

| An onion farmer in Texas has an ideal

| callifig. All the labor of seeding, trans-
planting, cultivating and harvesting the
crop is performed by Mexicans. The work
does not begin until the latter part of Bep-
tember when the weather is beginning to
get cooler, The. onions grow during the
winter and by the early part of April they
are ready to begin harvesting.

Onions require a large amount of water
and they can be grown here only by means
of irtigation. During the first sixty days
they must be watered every day, and after
that one watering a week must bg given
them. The harvest is finished by the time
the heat of summer begins.

The Laredo onion farmers enjoy life

| during the three or four months that their
land ia idle. Many of them visit the sum-
mer resorts of the North and East, where
they escape the torrid heat of a Texas
summer.

Laredo is one of the few towns in the
United States which felt no effect of the
recent financial disturbance. The banks
are overflowing with money derived from
ihe onion crop; the merchants are pros-
perous and the laborers are in better dhape
financially than ever before in the history
of the town.

The pioneer onion grower is T. C. Nye,
He began experimenting in growing onions
about ten years ago. Other men followed
bim and in 1900 about fifty acres were
Planted in onions in the vicinity of Laredo.

There has been a steady increase of acreage
ever ainge, \

One élement in the success of the onion
farmers 19 the fact that they have formed
an association which among other things
crop to advantage. Theover-
a@ market is not permitted.
this method top prices are
Last seneon shipments were

|

!

  

rain of bricks continued. At last, just as

 

| cloge, the trams and cabs to cease running |
and the laborers to stop work. |

The police arrested all the anarchists |
that could be found, but many were in |
hiding. Troops were brought to Rome
from the nearby cities until the garrison

 

made-te ninety cities in the United States
and Canada, This year many new cities
will be added to the list.

This organization for mutual benefit has
saved money to the onion growers in an-
other way. e sales agent, Roy Camphell,
and some of the members of the association
reached the conclusion that they were
paying too much for seed. It was decided
to send Mr. Campbell to the Canary Islands,
where Bermuda onions are grown exten-
sively, to investigate the matter.

Mr. Campbell made the “ last summer.
He purchased direct from the growers in
the Canary Islands 7,500 pounds of geed,
sufficient to plant 1,500 acres. He paid
$1.10 a pound for tho white Bermuda seed
and $1.40 a pound for the crystal wax. The
growers here had been paying $2.25 and
$4.50 a pound for the same seeds, purchased
of seed houses in this country.

While Laredo ia by far the largest onion
growing district in Texas considerable
attention is being given the industry in
the vicinity of Brownsville, Hidalgo, Co-
tulla and Carrizo Springs.

flavor of the Laredo onion is unlike
pat of an onion grown in the Bermuda
slands or anywhere else. It has a deli-

cious taste and the flavor is so mild that |

onions are eaten freely by the peome here

like te Sapte or peach. It is said by the

local health authorities that onion growing

and onion eating have greatly reduce
the death rate in ;

In addition to the enormous money
revenue in actual cash which the crop
brings to the people of Laredo each year |
the industry hes caused a marvellous in-
oreas® in land values. Any of the valley
land in the vicinity of Laredo could have
been bought ten or twelve years ago for
$1 an acre. All this raw land is being
rapidly placed in cultivation and it sells
readiiy for from $75 to $400 an acre.

“I've been farming for twenty years,
but I was never able to live like a gentle-
man until I went into this onion growing
business,” said a fashionably dressed man
a8 he stood in front of a local bank in which |
he had just made a deposit of $6,900 that |
he had obtained from a shipment of onions.
“I reached the automobile clase last year,
but I took m

 

family on a whirl up Eeat
and put off buying the auto until I had
harvested this year's orop. I guess I'l]
© over and tell the agent to order me the
bg and best he hae in his catalogue.”

6 there anything I can do for you
to-day?” asked the merchant to whom he |
wy oe 4

fou t send a new piano up to my

a tired hearing

house,” wae the reply.
pound that melodeon,
to bee family helriooas.* |

 

liaten:

“I am sorry, #ignorino, that the soldiers
shot high. It was the only chance they
had to suppress all these dogs of anarchists

| who provoke strikes and ruin poor old men

like me.”

was almost doubled, and every street was | But then the old man is a conservative.

AN INCIDENT IN KATIE'S
Woman Diner Finds an Opportunity for
Housewlfely Duties.

It was the dinner hour in Katie's restau-
rant in William street. The stuffed birds
were sleeping sound!y in their glass fronted
case, Frau Schmidt was behind the bar.
Max was bustling about, spluttering in
Weberfield dialect and waiting on the few
diners—the usua! homelike scene.

Women dine occasionally in Katie's
and one was there this night, dining with
her husband. Her watchful, wifely eye
discovered a rent in her escort's coat.

Certainly that tear must be fixed at once.
It would never do to let him go forth to
wherever he was going in that state.

Frau Schmidt, ever observant, beckoned
the man with a nod of the head. She fumbled
beneath the bar and produced a work-
basket. She threaded a needle and gave it
to him. He returned to his table, removed
his coat and his wife got to work repairing
the rent.

Katie's is an unusual place and things
out of the ordinary occur there frequently,
but this was a sight highly unusual—a
woman calmly repairing her husband's
coat in a public restaurant in downtown
New York. Yet it fitted in with the domestio
spirit of the place. ‘

DIME NOVELS IN SPAIN.

A Demand for Freneh Versions of the Old
Timers in Barociona.

Benjamin H, Ridgeley, American Con-
sul-General in Baroelona, reporte that
French translations of the old style Ameri-
can dime novela have been selling well at
the newspaper kiosks im that Catalan city,
The books sell from 4,1 to 6 cents American
a copy.

The Consul-General was asked recently
by American publishers about the chances
of Spanish editions of everything in the
dime novel series. His investigations
brought him to the oonclusion that thee
wouldn't be much outlook for profit, be-

cause the French editions have taken the

off the popular demand. With the
tion of roelona and Madrid the
public is not large.
t profits from this clase of litera-
ture are earned South and Central
America.

edge
ex
read

 

  
 
 
 
 

 
 

1.

[THB OLD CLOPRES OF ROYALTY

COSTUMES WORN BUT ONCE AND
THEN PUT AWAY FOR GOOD.

ers fant,

1

King Edward Does Wear a Pair of Gloves
More Than Once—Gowns. Alexandra Te
Never Seen in Twloe—-Kalser's Ward-
robe Biggest—Fate of the Discards.

Lonpow, April 11.—An enterprising Eag-
giish journalist wrote an interesting if nad
instructive article recently on King Ed
ward's clothes and what became of them
after they had finighed service. In thé
article the statement was made that the
King never wore a pair of gloves more
than onoe. :

Out of this,aroge a discussion as to the
necessity of considering gloves damaged
by one day's service, &c., which went on
until Lord Knollys, who is the King's in-
separable companion, friend and gervitor,
desoribed in a moment of candor the atory
ae ridiculous. Yet it was admitted that
.| there are some things that the King uses

only once, euch as white evening ties,

certalt neckties and white evening,gloves,
which’ would be true also of many other
| maseuline Jeaders of fashion.

| The list of King Edward's quickly die
| carded garments would include also certain
| state robes which have appeared in publio
only once, such as those of the coronation
land the costume of the Grand Master of
| the Knights of Malta, This last was worn
| at the Devonshire House ball when he was

Prince of Wales at the time of the Diamond
| Jubilee of Queen Victoria.

Then, of course, there are certain regiv
| mental uniforms which have been worg
just once in honor of eome oceagion. All
these are put away in presses and are
regularly overhauled and‘ kept in good
condition. Perhaps some day they will
find their way to a museum to be shown
aa relice of Edward the Peacemaker,

In hia ordinary dreas the King is very
particular as to cut and quality, but he
wears his various suita as many times as
any rich)man of the world would. Thea
they share the fate of all discarded gar¢
| ments and become the property of some

one elae for various fates. \

In regard to Queen Alexandra's warde ’
robe, she too has certain garments which
are of historic interest and are put away’
to be looked at sometimes but never used
again. Among these are her w
gown and long tan gloves, the robes
the coronation day and the military uni-
form of her Danish regiment. There are
university gowns and hoods which have not —
been worn since the degrees they repre-
sent were conferred upon her.

The beautiful dresses which the Queea
wears at the evening courte are seen but
once. Sometimes a part of a gown is used
again in another fashion, This applies
particularly to the priceless collection of
old lace of which she is eo proud, and which
is used over and over again in“rimming
her gowns.

If Queen Alexandra does not wish to
use any of the trimmings of a dress again
the garment is taken to pieces and the:
materials distributed. There is an ine
violable rule in the palace that the recipients
of any royal finery is never in any ciroum-
stance to wear a gown in the form in which
it was worn by the Queen.

The Princess of Wales has a large and
varied collection of uniforms, upiversity
gowns and Oriental robes of great value
and beauty. During her visite to the
British colonies and to India she received
many honorary degrees. These garments
are all guarded for posterity after the
royal fashion

In her ordinary wearing apparel the Prine
cess does not hesitate to be seen in the eame

gown many times, qspecially if it happeng

 

particularly to suit her somewhat severe
style of good looks. After she has finished
with them they are given to the various \
ladies of her household to dispose of.

The Empress of Germany has the same
rule regarding gowns worn on state occa
sions as Queen Alexandra. These are never
seen again in the same form.

Dreases chosen for less important eventa,
a reception, a dinner, an embassy crush or
the theatre, may be worn two or three times,
When the gowns are done with they are
ripped up by some of the fifteen court seam-
stresses and the material given away. The-
pretty young Princess Victoria Luise still
dresses like a school girl and her simple
frocks are worn again and again. '

There is probably no monarch who hag
more clothes than the German Emperor.
He has hundreds of different uniforms of
which perhaps a dozen may have been worn
more than once.

He hasa tremendous variety of workman’s
habiliments, such as those worn by ooal
miners or workers in tunnels, which he has
put on at some time to prove his comrade-
ship with the horny handed sons of toil in
the fatherland, Then he has dozens of cos
tumea which he has worn to fancy dress
balls. The one that he values most among
these is the costume that he wore at a ball
when he appeared as his famous ancestor
Frederick the Great.

The Emperor of Russia as the ohief of the
imperial army is able at a moment's notice
to take his place at the head of any Russian
regiment in the proper uniform. Some of
the troops in the remoter parte of his vast
dominion are so seldom seen in the capital
that the corresponding uniform has been
brought out onlysonce.

The Empresas of Russia, who is honorary
colonel of several regimenta, has had tunics
with the proper Wadges made for her use,
In her ordinary dress she is very simple ©
and only consents to don magnificence
on state occasions, -

known as one of the best dressed Queensin .

Europe. She seldom is seen in any gown
more than once, and is very generous in
her disposal of oid clothes among the less
affluent ladies of her court.

The Queén of Italy is 80 plainly dressed
that her great extravagance in evening
shoes is amusing. She never wears a pair
more than once, In this she is like the
ex-Empress Eugénie, except that Eugénie
gave all-her discarded elippers and shoes
to thé girls’ orphanage iti Paris, while the
Queen of Italy disposes of hers less chari-
tably. °

The young King of Spain has developed
@ great interest in sartorial art sinoe his
visits to England and both he and the Queen
seldom wear their garments many times.
The Spanish court is rapidly following their
example, eo that beautiful gowns and many
of them are the order of the day just now
in Spain. '

After all, poor old Queen Elizabeth, whe
created a sensation with her one hundred
and twenty gowns and thirty wigs in the
modest times in which she lived, would find

herself behind her sister royalties of to-day,
gowns
con-

and her one bundred and twent'
would not go far toward making
sidered a wel! dressed queen.

Shot the Oldest Fags
Greeley correspondence Denver Republican,

A golden eagle, supposed to be the oldest
sree aes he Suorahe Mal
mace, une td a nerd
ere oY ir measured over six leak trom

patojtip and will be mounted,

om }

scene, thank ere epee dee,

 

From the tail feathers of the

    
      
    

—

   
   
  
     
    
     
   
      
   
   
    
  
 

FAIS

-

cae

as
ee
Cat FPO are

$A RE