Go | ener er et i Be eR.

ae ee a

 

;

|

.
'

‘

|

   
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

'

a

———

 
  
 

‘
ve Other Fashionable Watering Places.

f

“as far as Point Pleasant

THE. WEW JERSEY COAST

M THE HIGHLANDS OF NAVE-
POINT PLEASANT

ih.

of Summer Resorts,
Iietudes \Lonk Branch, Deal
oh, Allenhurst, Asbury Park and

  

 

oor

‘ The'topography of the New Jersey coast,
to which is due the great variety of its
attractions, is moat unusual. A atrip of
sandy beach, varying from a few hundred
feet to a quarter of a mile in width, extends
southward from the Highlands of Navesink
to Point Pleasant, a distance of some thirty
mee To the west of this barrier, sepa-
fated from the ocean by steep bluffs and
sand’ dunes, lies a chain of fresh water lakes
and ponds, tidal rivers and inlets. Some
have access to the sea through narrow

; others, although within a stone's
throw of the breakers, are entirely land-
ed. In the interior are long rolling

ne covered with thick groves of pine
‘and spruce trees, which in some places
sextend*clear to the edge of the beagh. In
the valleys, through which wind brodks and
‘atreams, and on the more,gradual slopes
‘ob the hills, are broad farmlands, with here
and there a little village clustering about
‘the crossroads.

' Along the ocean front extends a con-
'tinuous chain of summer resorts that have
‘spread out to north and south until in ap-
‘pearance they have become merged in a
single settlement. Owing to their nearness
\to New York and Philadelphia they have
developed a coamopolitan character that
attracts people from all walks of life. Some
of the settlements are exclusive cottage
colonies; others are distinctly popular, with
big hotels and boarding houses and with
Numerous amusement resorts acattered
Along the boardwalk.

“"In the last few years new settlements |
have sprung up and diverted part of the
etréeam of summer residents from its former
channels, Long Branch, for instance, has
lost much of its old time supremacy, both
{in the exclusiveness of its summer colony
and in the importance of its business in-
tereste. Seabright, Lowmoor and Mon-
mouth Baath to the northward,and Elberon,
Deal and Allenhurat to the south,
have drawn people of wealth and fashion
away from the older community, while
Asbury Park has far outst ripped its neighbor
in progress.

At the northern end of the stretch of sea |
ooast are the Highlands of Navosink, form-
ing a bold headland whose densely wooded
slope rises abruptly to a height of nearly

 

8%) feahi above the Navesink River
on one and’Sandy Hook Bay on the
other. The tall gray towers of the famous

Twin Lights at the eastern end of the
headland afford the first glimpse of America
sighted by incoming transatlantic liners
At night the flash of their lamps, now con-
centrated in a single light, ia visible for
twenty miles at sea, To the eastward
lies the long narrow spit of Sancy Hook,
guarding the sheltered expanse of Sandy
Hook Bay. Between the Hook and the
mainland is a nartow channel connecting
the Shrewsbury and Navesink rivers with
the ocean.

The town of Atlantic Highlands is the
landing place for boats of the Sandy Hook
route, a line of awift passenger steamers
that make the trip from New York in an |
hour's time. The New York and Long |
Branch Railroad, which tans the Jersey
Coast resorts, strikes throuch the interior
country from South Amboy to Long
Branch, then follows close to the shore |
Over its road- !
bed are operated trains of boih the New
Jersey Central and Pennsvivania lines, A
branch of the New Jersey Central leaves
the main line at Matawan, skirts the edge |
of the Highlands, conneciing with the |
water route, and follows the coast south- |

Branches of both

i? ard from Sandy Hook to Long Branch
; ‘om Philadelphia a division of the Penn-
ayivania Railroad extends to Point Pleasant
i

by way of Toms River
roads reach to Atlantic City from Philadel-
phia.

Immediately to tle south of the High
lands lie the Navesink and Shrewsbury
rivers, broad tidal streams extending for
four or five miles inland, where thev are
Jost in a maze of tributary creeks. Their
clear calm waters are ideal for fishirig,
bathing and boating. Canoeing, yachting
and motor boat racing are popular summer

mes for the colonists along the banks
while in cold weather skating and ice-
boating provide diversions for winter en-
thusiasts. Separating the two bodidés of
water is Rumson Neck, a wide peninsula
given over almost entirely to big estates
The Rumson Road, perhaps the finest
driveway in New Jersey, is flanked for
miles on either side by well kept hedges,
hordering velvety lawns and Inxuriant
shrubbery. Throughout its length are
scattered costly residences, many of them
notable for architectural merit

Below Rumson Neck are Seabright, Low-
moor, Galilee and Monmouth Beach, form-
ing a continuous chain of cottage colonies,
with here and there a big hotel. The nar-

“~row peninsula forming the lower end of

Sandy Hook is only a few hundred yards

~edn width here, so that the houses along its

!
|
|
|
|
|
j
;
|
extent have the open ocean before them
and the sheltered waters of the Shrewsbury |
afghely back doors
oth Beach is rather an exclusive |
. consisting of a modern clubhouse,
a large casino and a number of roomy |
cottages, Pleasure Bay, an arm of the |
ShrewaWury that joins the parent stream |
near Monmouth Beach, @xtends southward
almost to the town of Long Branch. The
‘splendid fishing and boating on its waters
‘sy. feature of summer residence in that

Fong Branch was the first of the New Jersey
"east ‘towns torcome into prominence as a

* ‘gummer resort. Over adpundred vears ago
t* a little colony of people from New York

end Philadelphia settled on the high grass
nm bluffs overlookiria the oeean and
{gue summer homes there The place

Pidly grew in favor, until at one time,
‘daring Gen. Grant's administration, it

tained the title of “The Summer Capital
of the United States.” In recent years,
however, the nlace has been outstripped by
tte younger rivals,

At the southern end of Long Branch are
Hollywood and West End, purely residential
communities, where garden parties, con-

certs and social functions form a prominent
part @season’s programme. The most
imp feature of the year is the annual

open air horse show given by the Monmouth
cuety Horse Show Association at Holly-

. '. .
Elberon, Deal Beach and Allenhurst,
~gonupying the ocean front between Long
Branch and Asbury Park, formsone of the
wealthiest cottage sections along the sea-
hoard. Between the wide ooean boulevard
and the beach extends a line of great man-
is. rivalled only by those on the Rumson
efland forther north. The Colonial
tye of architecture predominates, and
the houses are in a majority of cases wide

* rambling structures with encircling ver-
+ @adas and tiers of balconies supported by

great wooden columns,
are of recent development and have heen
laid out by some of the most skilful land-
scape gardeners in the country. The fertile
soil ded readily to their efforts, and
the charming rustic heauty and simplicity
of the original farming country has heen
edmirahly blended with the modern aspect
of the big estates,
Besides the seashore attractions club
life forms an important phase of residence
. A-splendidly kept golf course of
eighteen holes is a prominent feature.
‘Between Allenhurst and Asbury Park lies
Deal Lake, a picturesque body of water
branching out into three deep inlets, Their
grassy banks rise steeply from the water
and are bordered by parked driveways
fringed with cottages, On calm evenings
when the piny air from the interior is blown
across to the beach, canoes and rowboate |

:

| the bay front

are plentiful on the lake and ite tribu-
8.

Asbury Park is now the most flourishing
of the coast resorts this side of Atlantic
City, Tt has the conveniences of a modern
city, including a busness district of con-
siderable extent and importance. A feature
of the place is the coamopolitan character
of the crowds that are;drawn there every
season, le of all sorte and conditions
mest on the hoardwalk and in the casinos,

Not a few people have the idea that because
the coast resorts are pepulated mainly by
wealthy summer colonies there is no room
for persons of moderate income, This
is by no means true. In Asbury Park or
Lang Branch or even in Atlantic City there
are boarding houses where one may put
up for, say, $5 a week, while cottages near
the beach may be rented at $100 to $1,500
for the season.

Acrosé the narrow atrip of Wesley Lake,
whose cresoent shaped expanse extends
inland from the beach for almost a mile
lies Ocean Grove. Although closely united
in many ways, the two cities differ 7
in character, O Grove is purely a reai-
dential settlement. It was originally estab-
lished as a camp meeting ground by a band
of Methodists in 1868, and ita present govern-
ment is careful to keep up the old tradition
of order and propriety, The great board-
walk for which Asbury Park is celebrated
extends southward through Ocean Grdve,
and the residents of both places enjoy many
of its amusement features in common,

To the south of Asbury Park and Ocean
Grove, lying between the railroad and the
beach, are several amall settlements con-
sisting, a8 a rule, of the railroad station, a
few stores lining the main street of the
village and a little group of frame cottages
sealtered along the waterfront, Thick
groves of ping and maple extend to the edge
of the beach, bordering the village streets
and surrounding each house with a natural
forest growth. At intervals are shallow,
fresh water lakes and ponds, separating
one from the other the communities
Bradley Beach, Avon, Belmar, Como, Spring
Lake, Sea Girt and Point Pleasant. A mile
or 80 inland is a quiet stretch of farming
country spread out over a ridge of low hills
and traversed by winding roads that invite

eaque rural region. Two great tidal streams,
the Shark River and the Manasquan River,
extend back into the interior, connecting
with the open sea through narrow inlets.
Like the Shrewsbury and the Navesink at
the north end of the coast, they are well
stocked with fish.

A majority of the settlements along
this stretch of the ‘coast are favored by
people in moderate cireumstances who
prefer a amall seaside town to the fashiona -
ble resorta further north. Spring Lake,
however, is an exception to this rule and
contains some of the finest summer homes
tagbe found along the northern part of the
coast The mansions fronting on the
long narrow lake in the centre of the town
are of the same expensive order as the
handsome residences on the Rumson road.
Like the other fashionable places along

| the coast, Spring Lake has a well appointed

clubhouse and casino, a golf course and a
large salt water swimming pool.

Below Point Pleasant the coast has much
the same appearance as the south shore
of Long Island. There is the same long.
narrow strip of sand separating the ocean
from a maze of shallow landlocked waters,
bordered by vast tracta of meadow land
and the same string of little villages along
The peninsula itself, like
the Great South Beach of Long Island, is
oecupied only by life saving stations and
homes of fishermen e

Atlantic ;City, the

great summer and

, winter resort of both New York and Phila-

delphia, oceupies a small island fronting
direetly on the ocean and separated from
the mainland by a wide stretch of marsh-
land. The great feature of the place is of

course the boardwalk, with its great
| hotels, extensive piers, casinoa and
amusement resorts. At firat glance the

visitor sees nothing to account for Atlantic
City's rise asa fashionable watering place
beyond ita solendid beach; which, although
admittedly one of the finest stretches of
sand along the Atlantic seaboard, is not in
itself sufficient to offset the limited extent
of the island and the broad stretch of soggy
meadows between it and the mainland.
After a short stay, however, the secret of
its popularity is explained. A warm off-
shoot from the Gulf Stream seta in toward
the shore at this point, serving to maintain
an equable climate throughout the year
In winter Atlantic City is anywhere from
ten to thirty degrees warmer than either
New York or Philadelphia, and in summer
as much cooler, For this reason the place

; has flourished as a year round health resort

and the crowds that fill its great hotels
are almost as large at one season as at
another

 

Private Sales.

PEARL STREET.—W. Hamilton McBride has
sold for John R. Agnew No. 542 Pearl street,
a five story store and loft building, on lot
25.4100, between Broadway and Lafayette
street, for $65,000. The buyer will make
extensive alterations to the building,

HAMILTON PLACE.--Frederick Zittel has

sold for Joseph Davis to 8, M. Banner the

Kufaula, a six story elevator apartment

house at the northeast corner of Hamilton

place and 189th street, on plot 108 6x94.3x

OO. 11X51.10

HIKTY-NINTH STREET~ Potter &

and Daniel B. Freedman have sold

105 to 113 West ‘Shirty-ninth street,

buildings, on, plot 100x98.0, adieinins

northwest corner of Sixth avenue, to th

Kiliott Company, of which Maxine klilioft

is the head. A theatre is to be erected on

the site

BROADWAY-+-Solonon Linderborn has sold
La Riviera, a seven story apartment house,
on plot 55x125, at the southeast corner of
Broadway and Ninety-nioth street

FEFTY SECOND STREET. The firm of 1. 4
Carpenter has sold for Jacob Neadle No. 16
West Fifty-second street, a five story Ameri-
can basement dwelling, on lot 25x100,5

AMSTERDAM AVENUE. Nathan Graben.
heimer has sold No, 780 Amsterdam avenue,
a five story flat, with atores, on plot 20.114
10, between Ninety-eighth and Ninety-
ninth streets

THIRTY-THIRD STREET.-~John M. Reid
has pesold for Peter Korn to Frederick Vogel
Nos, so4 and 306 Bast Thirty-third street
adjoining the southeast corner of Secon«
avenue, (so four a&tory tenements, on
plot 4076.7 :

THIRTY-SIXTH STREET.-Kurz & Uren
have sold for WMliam Miller Nos. 355 and 357
West Thirty-sixth street, two three story
dwellings, on plot 40x98.9

18TH STREET. Kurz & Uren and R. I,
Brown's Sons have sold for James Harris
the six story apartment house at the south-
west corner of 156th street and Elton avenue.

DALY AVENUE.—Kurz & Uren have re-
sold for Antoinette Balley five lots at the
nortiiweat corner of Daly avenue and
Klsmere place 101 feet south of 177th street.

DALY AVENUE.—P. N. Gardner has sold
for Richard Rick the two two family frame
houses at Nos. 122 and 1924 Daly avenue
near Lremont avenue

Ky En AVENUE. -P. N. Gardner has sold
for George Schmid the plot, 30x187, on the
west side of Ryer avenue 420 feet north
of Burnside avenue

Bro
os

old

+h
1@

 

Miscellaneous.

J. B. Thompson is the buyer of No, 43 Weat
Twentt-seventh street,

Henry J. Lange is the buyer of the Audubon
Court at Nos. 2 and 4 St. Nicholas place.

Charles F, de Casanova is the buyer of Nos,
320 and 322 West Sixteenth street.

Michael FE. Pepe is the buyer of No. 36
Grove street.

Power & Steers have moved their offices
to the Hudson Terminal Building at the corner
of Church and Cortlandt streets.

Pocher & Co. have leased the store and base-
ment at Nos, 741 and 148 Eighth avenue for
Chase Lippman to F, W, Woolworth & Co,
for a term of five years; also the building at
No. 221 West  Thirty-sixth street for M. J
McDonald to Thomas Ferguson.

The Charles F. Noyes Company has .leased
offices. in the Frankel Building at John and
Dutch streets to the following firms: ‘The
Homeseekers Architectural Company, Bagot
& Co., Herman Lips. Harper, Hyde & Harris,
Philip Katz, J. Werner, A. H. Rosenthal,
James Rice, Jr: G. A. Thaler & Co., .B. J,
Wiener, G. Schofield, Bo Roede, Bernard
Lipsic and W. H. Stetson,

iiliam A, White & Sons have leased for
Robert b. Lane to William Kinscherf, Jr
and Frederick G. Kinscherf for a long term of
years the building known as Nos. 107 and 108
William atreet and Noa. 64 and 66 John street,
at (he southwest corner of these streets. The
leasees will make extensive alterations, after
which it will be known ag the Kinscherf Build-
ing. The same brokers have also | for
the Messrs. Kinscherf for @ term of years the
corner store in thie building to Furrer &
Carey This is the same property that White
& Sons leased to Mr, Lane last summer for
twenty-one years,

Denzer Bros, have leased for the Fett Con-
struction Company 5, square feet of space
in Nos, 114 ona 116 West Twenty-seventh
street; for Jackson & Starr, 6,000 feet in Nos.
182 and 134 West Twenty- street; for 8. &
H. Rawitzer, the top at No, 880 to 884
Canal street.

Pease & Elliman have leased the following

' ° .

 

Se oe ES

 
 

|

| the visitor to long drives through a pictur- |

| $70,000

|

 

erty on Wesichester

  

: a avenue, to
$mneg fe rm %,, ° Rirerside Brive
Mra, W. H. Granbery: No, 132 Wert Sevent
street, to Dr, George . Harrison! No, 204
West Seventy-cighth street, to Mire, F. F,
Kly; No. 162 Weat Seventy-fith stceet, for
F. 1, Goffe; No. 1h@ Kast Thirty-filth street,
to John M. Glenn; No, 157 Post Thirty-sevent
atreet, to Allen Wardwell; No, 369 Lexington

venue, to Harvey W.
avenue, for John W. Harper to Frederick
G. Maurel, and No, 126 Fast bilty-seventh
street, to Mra, V. M. Pioabla,. ‘Ihey have
also leased stores 1 lotta as follows; Bor
1, Jj Mayer, No, 25 Weat Forty-fith etreet to
Albert Ramany & Co.; loft at No, as0 Fifth
avenue to Berkeiey R, Merwin; store at No,
S11 Madison avente, to Herbert A Huesgen,
atore at No, 313 Madison avenue to James
A. Jenkins; part of the ninth floor at No, 42
Nassau atreet, to J, B, Chasseaud Company:
store at No. 1181 Broadway to A. Sanateia
& Co,; store at Me © East Twenty-third
street, to Dr. 8. W. Rakin

The Rs Edwin Archibald Company, arecbi-
tects and builders, of No. 147 Beast 125th street,
have under construction houses gt Broad way-
Flushing. East Kimhuret, Bronxville, Brook-
lyn, field, Valley Stream, Rosedale and
penile, ranging in price from $2,500 t0 $10,000
The firm guarantees in writing the cost of
constructiq@n under each set of plans fur-
pished by them to home buildere. The time
needed to complete work on the ordinary
house is from sixty to ninety Cavs

Plans have been filed with Buildin
tendent Murphy for making over t
story stable at No, 14 Weat Sixty-aixth street,
which has been raved to the second floor
level, into a #ix story garage with an orna-
mental facade. The improvements are to
be made for Whitney Lyon as new owner, at a
cost of $25,000, Ralph BE. Dusinberre ia the
architect.

Plans have been filed for enlarging and re-
modelling the two four story, and basement
private residences at Nos, & and 10 East Righty-
sixth street, adding a two story extension to
each, the imprevements being for Edward N.
Tailer as owner, and for remodelling and
fredernising. the four story manufacturing
No. 35 West Forty-third street, at

 

Superip-

building at h

cost 0} $32,000, for Bernard W, Wibel as owner.
Richard erger and John B. Boyland are the
architects.

Plans have been filed for making over the
three story and basement tenement house at
No. 249 East Fifty-fifth street into a clergy
house for the Rev. James J, Flood, rector of the
Roman Catholic Church of St, John the Evan-
elise, adjoining at the First avenue corner

he remodelled building will have a chapel
on the first floor, It is next door to the old
rectory of the church, John V, Van Pelt is
the architect. \

‘The Manhattan plane for new buildings
recorded yesterday comariee a five story flat
house to be built for the Macdowe!! Construc-
tion Company as owner at the northeast cor-
ner of Broadway and 179th street at a coat of

The architecta are Schwartr &
Grose

The Bronx plans for new buildings filed
yesterday comprise one three story and one
four story flats to be built at the corner of
Prospect avenue and 175th street for the
poptacn Schorn Realty Company al a cost of

27,000

 

Bronx Borough.

There is no feature of greater importance
in connection with judging realty values
than that of transit facilities, At the present
time six transit lines, existing and projected,
traverse or adjourn Morris Park, the prop-
erty of the Fidelity Development Company,
and formerly the Morris Park racetrack
or years the Morris Park tract, comprising
about three hundred acres, stood in its natural
condition while the @eity grew up to it, and
buildings agd blocks of houses were erected
about it. Of the entire tract a small section
has been placed upon the market. The
tract is bounded omtwo sides by the holdings
of the Astor, the Lorillard Spencer and the
Pearsall families, All these wealthy families
hought originally in accordance with the
best expert judgment in their service and in
accordance with the same judgment have so
far declined to sell

The Benjamin |. WH. Trask estate annoiners
an auction sale of 600 lets on Tuesday and
Wednesday, May 26 and 27, by Joseph PD

The lots are on Weatehester ovenue, Closset
Point road, Watson avenue, Loidilow avenue
Morrison avenue, Hasrod avenu Meteall
avenue and Story aveniu This property is
just south of the weil own Gleason oro.
avenue, w! vis A
large seftiement tinge two farnit

houses, This neighborhood is convenient
to the Morris High Sehool and to local schools,
and is about five minutes from the Simpson
street subway station by the Westchester
avenue trolley. There iv a proposed N. ¥.,
N.H. & H. station at the junction of West-
chester avenue end Classon Point road, whieh
will adjoin this property, Thera ia also
proposed a Westchester avenue es.ension of
the subway, whieh will pass the property,
and a trolley on Classon Point road, The
Classon Point road «ill run into West Faris,
as there will be a bridge built over the Brony
at 174th street. There ix also propowd a
bridge over the Bronx River at Hunts Point,
being a continuation of Lafayetia sirest
and of Tadiow avenue. At the end of Classon
Point ia a simmer resort, and Clisson Polit
road going down to it is fo bx a 199 foot wide
parkway

ere ther

of ite

 

Harmen on Hndson,

About a year ago Harmon wes formally
opened to the public, It has now about
25,000 square feet of cement sidewalks, 20,000
lineal feet of cement curbs and gutters and
25,000 aquare yards of macadam streets
Work on the balance is being pushed with «il
possible apeed and the close of the season
will see much of it completed, Fleetric
light has been supplied for street lighting
and home use and other city luprovenents
have been installed, Seven houses are ready
for occupancy or nearing completion In
fact the fireat inhabitants have been living at
Harmon for almost the entire winter, while
the Nikko tea house, opened last year, has
proved universally popular with autono-
yilists touring that section of the county

‘Altogether, Harmon, whieh is laid out on
the old Van Cortlandt Manor estate, com-
prices about 500 acres, and would cover a
space on Manhattan Island from Fourteenth
to Forty-sixth street from river to river
Mme, Nordica’s conservatory there will be
put under construction this spring.

New Jersey.

The Ridgewood Development and = Con-
struction Company has @old to the A. H,
ddattox Reality Company the Glen Kock C om-
papy's property, consisting of 105 acres, at
Ridgewood, N ‘The plan is to develop
the tract on a large scale and to build homes
for the great number of people who are look-
ing for them in New Jersey,

the heansburg Shore linprovement Com-
pany's development of Granville Park offers
to the city man an ideal way to spend the
summer A number of bupnyalows have
already been erected (here, and the company
is selling lors on the beach on liberal terms
Granville Pack has quick communication to
the city by Whe Sandy Hook boats

Ff. J. Walker, who bas carried through a
number of syndicate operations in suburban
land, is forming o new syndicate for the
purchase of a tract at Weetteld, N. J.) Thig
form of investinent is to enable people of
moderate means to take advantage of rising

values without being obliged to invest in
whole tracts
Long Branch has for some weeks ast

enjoyed 4@ brisk real estate movement tis
not Only the railroad centre of the Jersey
coast, but the first point on the coast reached
by express trains from New York, the time

being sixty-two minwtes*by Jersey Central
and Pennsylvania trains. ‘his fact explains
much of its popularity with New Yorkers

and the rapid growth of the commuter colony
here. [t haa also separate bay and river
steamer service. The summer population is
estimated at 100,000, The resort has an ex-
cellent sewer system, trolley lines, well
lichted and asphalt paved streets, pure water
supply for @ city of 1,000,000, an efficient fire
depart ment of 460 nen, Withatelegraph alarm
aystem: nine publi¢ ac hoole, a wirls’ seminary
and parochial school, four banks, the principal
hospital of the Jersey coast, the largest de-
partment stores of 4 city of its size in the
country, seventeen churches, @ library and
hotels open winter afd summer, Cottage
rents vary from $200 to $5,00ay eason
and board from $5 to $100 @ week, e re-
sort embraces the sections kn eron,
West End, Hollywood Norwood, Nort long
Branch, Fast long Brane eagure Bay
and Branchport and has eight railroad ata-
Gone, five post offices twe steamboat
ocks,
_ The Columbia Investment and Real Estate
Company reports the following aaron To
Adam MoDonald a plot 560x100 on the south
side iret avenue and @ similar plot on
the south side of Elm avenue, Morsemere,
N. J.; to Joseph Pfister @ plot $0x100 on the
north side of Linden avenue, Morsemere:
to manele B. D. Adams a plot 60x100 on the
south si %° Harriet avenue, Morsemere;
to Marion ton a plot 50x100 on the south
side of Columbia avenue, Morsemere; to
Charles J. Leeger a plot 50x100 on the north
sice of Lawton avenue, (irant wood; to Ernest
Oppenheimer a plot 50x100 ome the north
side of Knox avenue, Grantwood, to
William N, Heine new six room house
on the west side of Fulton avenue, Hydson
Heights, &. 2.

Sr

Leng Island,

The Wlock front on the north side of
Crocheron avenue, between Twenty-tbi
and Twenty-fourth streets, op be t

ng Island Railroad station at Broadway-

ushing, has been bought from the Rickert-

niay Realty Company by e@ syndica
organized by D. 0, Newell and incorpora
under the name of the
ment Realty Company, The capital stock
of the new company is divided {nto shares
Of $100 each, and @ portion of these will be
for i for sale to small investors, to be

Broadway Apart-

id
or either in cash of in instalments, The
ickert-Finlay Realty Company has devoted

considerable attention to the organizatio
of syndicates of this kind, as they wake
possible for persons of small means to be-
come directly interested in high class vrop-
erties. who would otherwise

led
to go far out of town to toes Hons

  

fell: No, 87 diadison |

       

|

1
|

|
|

|

Re old Ave |

 

|

 

 

———

  

to
leth’}

    

    

serene

rte inf caper

nue Bleek (scone af the most desirable |
avenue e
the whole Brosdwey-Plushing district, an

the new atook is expected to attract buyers
ol the same class that now use building loan

aesociations or savings banks,

The Suburban Brooklyn ties, pe. bas
uteh & plot of t qnty » taking in
he four corners of Avenue Homecrest
avenue, the north and south sides of Avenue

between the Shore rene nd Homecrest
avenue, together with the shore roaq oor-
nets, ‘The purchase was m in order to

cilitate the development of Avenue Y
through the Sheepshead Terrace tract. The
avenua is to be the main thoroughfare con-
necilog the Ocean Parkway with the Sheeps-
head track. A culvert will be built across ;
owen Creek and all property brought to
grade, ’

Garden City Estates haa sold, at ite prop-
erty, to G. B. Shepherd the plot, 60x100, on
the weat side of Kensington road, 160 feet
north of Cambridge avenue; to M. J, Hale
the los. Tm on te, ong ride of prieves
road, south of Chester avenue; to
M. P. Gould the moe, 60x100, on the west side
of Kensington road, 280 feet’ south of Sale’
bury avenue; to T. P. Murphy the plot, 60x100,
on the egat side of Brixton road, 60 feet south
of South avenue: also the plot, 60x100, on
the east side of Brixton road, 100 feet south
of Salisbury avenue; to Nellie B. Taft the
villa plot, 100x150, on the east side of Nassau
Boulevard, 320 feet north of Stratford ave- ,
nue; to Thomas N, Hill the plot, 00x100,
on the east side of Brixton road, 160 feet
south of Salisbury avenue,

W. K. Aston has arranged an auction sale
of a tract of 200 acres, a part of his large
estate, situated immediately north of the
Oakdale «station, to be held on Tuesday, |
May 12, by Bryan |. Kennelly. The property
is carefully restricted to ‘private residences
only and will be offered in four and five acre
plots

A feature of the development of Man-
hattan Beach is the fact thee the sewers
water pipes and gas mains have been laid
in a neutral zone “ant feet wide at the rear
of the lots and provision has a made
there for electric light, telephone on tele-
graph wires, so that nothing unsig! will
mar the etreets and the purchaser 1 net
be subject to the panevances so often @x-
perienced {n partially improved tracts of torn
up thore ghfares, All the lots are carefully
restricted.

The Lewis H, May Company has leaged the
following at Arverne, L. 1, for the oeqece:
For (Otto Fmerich to G. Fleischman, No, 6
North Carlton avenue; for Nathan Adeladorfer
to Edward Friedlander, No. 102 South Amer-
man avenue: William Scheer to Henry Glass
No, 117 South Wavecrest avenue; Max Gold
to Ernest Schecter, Amerman avenue board-
walk store; Max Gold to M. Herling Amerman
avenue boardwalk store and for 8, Moabacher
to A. Oppenheim, No. 116 South Meredith
avenue.

 

 

Coming Auction Sales.

[At 14 Vesey Street.)

MONDAY, APRIL 27.

by Joseph P. Day.
Teuth avenue, No, 168, west side, 46 feet south
of Twentleth street, 100, four story tenement
and store; Frederic Currie et al., executors, &c.,
vs. Mary O'Sullivan et al.; T. D, Day, Jr., attorney;
S. H. Weinbandier, referee; due on judgment
$16,773.00, subject to taxes, &c., $701.07.
Wadsworth avenue, northeast corner of 1A0th
street, 119.6210, three five story flats; North Amert-
can Mortgage Company vs. Tyler Realty and Mort
qnge Company et al.; C.¢L. Westcott, attorney;

J. MoClure, referee; due on judgment, $87,741.79;
sublect to taxes, &c., $1,069.17,

Tremont avenue, south side, 31.6 feet west of
Morris avenue, 50.22104.11, with an “L” 50x19
irregular to Morris avenue, vacant; Netlle Morse
vs. G. C. Odell et al.; Quackenbush & A., attorneys;
V.'T. Pitegerald, referee; due on judgment, $5,437,73;
subject to taxes, &c., $1,007.60.

By Lounsberry & O'Connor

Ibist street, Nos, 58 and 587, north side, 150 feet
east of Hroadway, 75%190.10 to Nos. 534 and 536
West 12d street, two six story flats; Scheer Glos
berg Realty and Construction Company vs. Charles
Lowe et al: M. H. Hayman, attorney; P. F. MeSor
ley, referee; due on Judgment, $10,687.63; subject
to four Mortgages aggregating $142,050.30,

TUPADAY, APRIL 28.
hy Joseph P. Day

Lenox avenue, No. 208, east side, 41 feet north
of \20th street, 20480, four story dwelitag; execu
tors saie

Twenty first street, Nos.
it! fee. east of Third avenue, 47208.9,
story Nats: esccutors’ sale

iifth avenue, No. 262, west side, 20.5 feet south
of ,wenty ninth street, 202100; fifteen year lease,
uve story buliding; executors’ sale; estate of Morris
CGrosner, deceas

vinet} Uith street, Nos. 188-141, north side, 45.6
feet west of Leaington avenue, two three story
dwellings, each 172100.8; voluntary sale,

Second avenue, No. 5461, southwest corner Thirty
first street, 20x77, four story tenement, with stores;
voulolary sale,

Tuird avenue, No
Asth street, 19.5x62.1; also Nos, 209-205 Kast Thirty
fifth street, adjoining, 37.6274.1, three four story
tenements, with stores; voluntary sale,

North street, east side, White Plains, N. Y., three
story dweillog, with outbuildings, and about seven
teen and one half acres of ground, executor's sale;
estate of Willlam D. Bruns, eased,

Mist street, Nos, 508-510, south sife, 150 feet
west of Amsterdam avenue, 50290.11, two frame
dwellings; voluntary sale,

Seventh avenue, No. 2574, southwest corner
149th street, 24.11RM@0, five story flat, with stores;
voluntary sale.

Moutromery avenue, No, 1747, west aide, north
of 176th street, 252100, two story dwelling; volun
tary sale,

lath street, Nos. 507-609, nort’ 130 feet
west of Amsterdam avenuc .vawW.ll, iwo two
story frame dwellings; exec.utor's gale; estate of
Michael O'Brien, deceased.

Tiath street, No. 230, south side, 828.6 feet east
of Third avenue, 753100.11, Ave story flat; volun
tary sale

Fortleth street, No, 317, north side, 250 feet east
of Second aventie, 25267.2827156, vacant; voluntary
sale

147th street, south side, 100 feet west of Seventh
avenue, 124.0290.11, vacant, voluntary sale

118th street, Ne. 224, south side, 90 feet east of
Third avenue, 241210011, three story dwelling;
voluntary sale

Audubon avenue, southwest corner {74th street,
20100, vacant; voluntary sale

Seventy seventh street, No. 211, north
188.4 feet east of Third avenue, 16.8%102.2,
story dwelling; voluntary sale.

Ith street, No, 200, northwest corner Second
avenue, I8x74.11, five story bullding, with store;
voluntary sale

Columbla Heights, No
north of Cranberry street, Brooklyn,
four story dwelling, voluntary sale,

Sixth avenue, No, 11, west side, 111.7 feet north
Carmine street, 1710x090, three story tenement and
store

ist street, No. 206 south side, 61.11 feet east of
Grand Boulevard and Concourse, 25x115.42.22
123.0, two story frame dwelling

Hieecker street, No, 144, south side, 2 feet west
of West Broadway, 254125, three story tencment
and store: Laura Schroder vs, frnestine Von
Munster et al; SH, Stuart, attorney; Ht, M. Henry,
referee; partition,

Elghtleti street, No, 118, south side, 525 feet
east of Amsterdam avenue, 17.61102.2; four story
dwelling: W. ©, Delanoy et al., executors, &c., vs,
Robert Wallace et al.; Simpson, W, & C., attgrneys;
R. H. Clarke, referee; due on judgment, $20,837.58

150th street, No. 582, south side, 460.4 feet west
of Antsterdam avenue, 17x90.11, three ory dwell
ing: Farmers Loan and Trust Company vs. J. J.
Sheehan et al; Kurner, 2. & H., attorneys: G. A
Lavelle, referee, due on Judgment, $10,084.05; sub
Ject to taxes, &ec., $190.12.

ist street, No. 577, north side, 118.11 feet east
of Broadway, 18290.11, four story dwelling; Bank
ets Life Insurance Company vs. J. A. Donnegan
et al: Van Schaick & B., attorneys; Kdw. L. Parris,
referee: due on judgment, $14,472.16, subject to
taxes, &c,, $227.00,

149th street, No, 202, south side, 100 feet west of
Seventh avenue, 25290.11, five story tenement; Max
Mara vs. Hampden Realty and Construction Com
vany et al; L. S, Marx, attorney; action 2; P. L,

1@nan, referee; due on judgment, $4,471.87; sub
ject to taxes, &c., $296.99; sublect toa first mortgage
of $19,000

Southern Boulevard, south side, 54.7 feet east of
Avenue St. John, 420,75120.72397.0x100. vacant; Mu
tual Life Insurance Company ys. Northwestern
Realty Company ct al; James McKeen, attorney;
1. O', Cohalan, referee; due on Judgment, $37,583,
67, sublect to taxes, &c., $2,211.85.

Freeman street, northeast side, 100 feet southeast
of West Farms road, $4,5360.11%139.02131.9, vacant:
E. A. Jaeger vs. Abraham Greenberg et al.:; L. M
Berkeley, attorney; Martin Saxe, referee; due on
judgment, $4,414.45; subject to taxes, &c., $814.48,

Lyman place, northwest corner of Stebbins ave-
nue, 152.75128,12197.0, vacant; Lawyers Title In
surance and Trust Company vs. H. 1. Ketcham et
al.; P. S. Dean, attorney; C. W. Ridgway, referee;
due on judgment, $18,536.50,

Seventh avenue, No, 2167 to 2177, southeast
corner of 120th street, Uist, Six story flat and
store; Isaac Liberman et al. vs, L. 8. Greenbaum
etal: J.C, Levi, Well&N., atiorneys; KE. W. MeDon
ald, referee; due on judgment, $20,121.60; subject
to taxes, @¢., $1,082.51; subject toa first mortgage of
$170,000 ald a mechanic's hen of $292.60 and a chattel
mortgage of $1,150

By Bryan L. K ennely

196th street, No, 184, south side, 389.4 feet west
of Lenox avenue, 104x00.11, three story dwelling;
trustees of Robert College of Constantinople vs.
W. H. Fittner et al: Thornton & F., attorneys;
Paul Fuller, Jr, referee; due on judgment, §$12,-
245.08; subject to taxes, &c., $1,064.12,

By Samuel Marx.

149th street, No. 204, south side, 120 feet west of
Seventh avenue, 26x98.11, five story tenement:
Max Marx vs. Hampden Realty and Construction
Company et al. action 1; L. 8, Mars, attorney;
PF. C, Avery, referee, due on Jyégment, 96,471.87;
subject to taxes, &c., $296.08; subject to a first mort-
gage of $18,000,

{At Bronx Salesroom.)
By Julius H. Haas.

226th street, south side, 280 feet east of White
Plains avenue, 200x114. vacant: veluntary sale.
227th street, north side, 490 #

e.

Binet aor ‘tda"S96 fhe’ of
Plains avenue, Hoan Vian: voluntary i.
220th ao north 105 feet cast of Fourth
evenuc, 100z114, vacant;
23eh street, north

207 to 208, north side,
two five

525, nartheast corner Thirty

side,
three

60, east side, 04.3 feet
18, 103,100,

 

 

 

wale.
234th street, north side, 185 feet west of Katonah
venue, 75x200, ranning th: 225th street,
vacant; voluntary pale. — =
WEDKWEDAY, APRIL 29.
By Joseph 'P. Day.

Mi
sald foot soush of Mndleve strent, shen kx

Trreruiat:

        

is roy Tam. sibjeat to ene

i street, sou teat it of Second
Ry her get Pat,
LF, Il, referee; due on ‘dginent, $81,008.10
subject to taxes, &c.,

Union avenue, No. 845, West side, 41.6 feet nerth

of 160th street, 20.02100.7, th tenenwal:

9. M. Junker vi ye Junker ¢ a Lang:
, attorney; W. J, ir, referee; ton.

‘Bt Ann's avenue, east aide, 800 feat south of 166th

street, 75 vacent; Filen' Ingraham ‘et al; ve
eB Perlhetter et al.; Rw. Isioney, attoracy;
Lyttleton Fox, referee; due on judgment, $6,019.00;
subject to taxes, &c., $800.88.
By Bryaw 1, Kennelly.
17th street, No, 160, south side, 167.1 .feeyareat /
of Grand boulevard and concourse, 25204.8x26104.5
two story dwelling; York Clintoa Compony ve
Matlida Levins; W. C, Damron, atiorney; Malcolm
Sundhelmer, referee; due on judgment, $1,044.35;
subject to taxes, &e,, $901.21.
By Samuol Marx, 5 * ; '
Sixty seventh street, No. 428, south side, 220 tens
west of Avenue A, 40K100.5, ala story tenement a
store; Mamie Cowen ve. M. J. al.; 0. A.
an storey Alexander Thain, referee; due on
gment, $5,102.14. ° t
Seventy first street, No, 411, north ee, 198 feet
east of First avenue, 252102.2, six story ment
and store; Golde & Cohen vs, Joille Gold etal;
Manheim @ M., attorneys; OC, 1. Taylor, referee;
due on judgment, $3,87 .32; weet to tazes, &ec.,
$590; subject to a mortgage of $26,000.
By D. P. Ingraham & Co,
Weeblogeas avenue; Ke. | 1727, won ae. = oe
south of 17: Street, 66299, two rath

gectins gad wegen ne Pian ve. 2 :

rently et al; M. N. Krakower, i A. D.

Truax, referee; due on judgment, $4,449.11; sub) cot

toa mortgage of $10,000, 4 7
By James L. Wells.

Bryant avenue, No, 1350, southeast corner of
Jennings street, 125x100, two weer ere aud
vacant; G, W. Robinson vs, Isaac warts et al.:
Arthur Knox, attorney; W, J. Holger, feferes; due
on judgment, $2,638.90; subject to taxes, &c,, 9920.

THURSDAY, APRIL 3,
By Joseph P. Day.

treet, northeast corner of Washington
atreet, 7262, lar, four and five
story font b it Fietschmann Com-

Uulldia ge; Mast
Reny Yea R. Walde et 3 cee. eee :
Maeve wee

.14; subjec' \

Hebuets street, No. bis, bers , 225 feet weet
of Amsterdam avenue, 25x102.2 five story ;
¥. H. Meyer, ve. M. I, Hennen et al.; MeLoug!

& M,, attorneys; Wililam Klein, referee; due on judg-
ment, $10,204.26; subject to taxes, &c., 64; ou
Ject to a first mortgage of $25,000,

¢ street, No, 206, north side, 60 feet
Norfolk street, 252100; five story front an
tenements; G. M. Krakower vs, Julla Betmann
et al.; W. J. Lippmann, attorney; G. ¥. Plunkitt,
referee; due on judgment, $8045.78; subject to
taxes, &c., $676.49; subject to two prior mortgages
aggregating $42,000.

112th street, No. 207, north slide, 185 feet west of

t of

Second avenue, 18,0£100.10; th queneg;
me o Rett fee, eneesier, nd A pe tit

3 Be ° enor, H P
‘on, re eres, dye on Signal. $7,172.22; subject to

ree, &0., p 5
“Riverside Drive, No. 62 cast de, 900.2 feet
gout of 127th street, 8 remeat
Rutland R ty Com etal 0 Ll te
jorney; W. B. \y feree; gment,
$06,728. _ubsect fo Oe.

Riverside Drive!No, 624, east feet south
of 127th street, 76x86, aix apa use:
Metropolitan Improvement y ve. Rutland
Realty Company et al.; C. L. Westeott, atvocnay’
W. B. Coughlan, referee; due on judgment, $58,-

149.%. '
Bond street, No, 33, south 04.10 feet east
of Lafayette stresi, Mariana felibe tres story
bulding. '
Forty seventh street, Nos. 114 and 116, south
198.10 feet west of Sixth avenue, $7 b5 005, e
story flat; Sheriff's sale of all t, tithe, &o. wh
C. G. G, Taylor had on July 11, 1908, or stage; Morton

Stein, attorney,
FRIDAY, MAT 1.
By Joseph P. Day.
Broome street, Nos. 19 and 21, southwest corn

of Mangin street, 50475,
store; State Bank vs. Pincus Rou

sy ot

@ A. er attorneys; E. B,
due on judgment, $25,279.26; subject to taxes, &c.,
$1,401.62; subject to two mortgages aggregating

000,

Third street, No. 402, south side, 90.9 feet east of
Goerck street, 45.4582.0345288.6, seven story tene-
ment and store; Sheriff's sale of all right, title, &c.,
which yous Goldfine Realty Company had on
March 8, 1908, or since; J, B. Reilly, attorney.

 

New American Textile Mills m 1007
According to Daily Consular and Trade Reports,
quoting from the Terifle World Reror4, there were
262 teatile mills hullt in the United States if 1907,
#8 against 303 in 1006, The classification for each
year Is:

 

1907, 1906,

Knitting. . eweurnedane preees . 8 108
Cotton a
silk “
Woollen ..., tee * a
Miscellaneous ...... $OOOssevenrers a M
Totals... fereee . 262 305

It will be noted that te only Increase in the
classified list was in silk mile, of which fifteen more
were bullt in 1907 than in 1906. The decreases were;
Knitting, 20; cotton, 10; woollen, 31, Three States,
Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey, have
forty-one of the fifty-one sli mills.

Comparison of spindies In new cotton milis:

1907, 1908,

Southern States 204,745 204 6
New England 113,000 171,000
Middle and Western States 10,250 27,040
Totals... 471,085 402 006

Decrease new spindles 1907, 21,001.

Nearly 70 per cent of the spindies in the new
cotton mills are reported from the South, where
the record was practically the same ag in 1906,

The shortage of skilled help that prevailed almost
up to the end of 1007 is given as the reason for the
slackening in new mill construction In that year.

For the last elght years thenew mills built were:

1900 400 | 1904 290
101, 286 1 1008... ccecerccces 245
1p0z 968 | 1008... cccccveees 305
190 364 | 1007 262

 

 

Confederate Capitol of Missouri.
From the Kansas City Star,

The old Masonic Hall at Neosho, Newton county,
has been fitly termed “The Confederate Capitol of
Missouri.” It was there that Gov. C, PF. Jackson
convened a small fraction of the Twenty-first Gen-
eral Assembly, ten members of the Senate and
thirty nine of the House, in special sessian Octo
ber 21, 1861, and passed an act of secession and
annexation, detaching Missouri from the United
States and making it a State of the Confederacy,
The only dissenting votes to thls act were Senator
Charlies H, Hardin, representing the counties of
Boone and Callaway, and Representative Isaac N,
Shambaugh of DeKalb county, The proceedings
of the Senate, of which Jobn T, Crisp was secre-
tary, were captured In Alabama by the Forty-ninth
Missourt Volunteers and sent to the State Capitol
at Jefferson City. They were printed tn 1 by
the State under the title, “Journal of the Senate,
extra session of the Rebel Legisiature called together
by a proclamation of C, P. Jackson, begun and held
at Neosho, Newton county, Missourt, on the 2ist of
October, M1.” The journal of the House never has
been found,

. to work,

MORE GRASS SOMBREROS WORN
‘They Are Made by Indians tn the Mountains
of Mexico.

The man who almost cornered all the
grass sombreros on the North American
continent and who still insiste that there
ia a fortune for the man whose consvience
will permit him to perfect the oorner has
beon in New York. Sombreros might not
seem to interest the United States at all
outside of the Wild Weet and the Spanish
tinted Southwest, but there’s where the
mistake comes in, acoording to the sombrero
man, who seve that New York iteelf isn't
the poorest market in the country.

Sombreros have steadily been increasing
in. demand for field and outdoor workers.
Last year and the year before that fashion
took them up fur women and especially
for children.

They are made in Mexico by Indid¥e
in a certain district where the grass of
which they are Woven grows. Ap Indian
works for a few centa a day, and if he is
not too laay he will finish one sombrero
of the average sort in two or three hours.
Henoe the labor item is very small.

As the Indians live some distance back
in the mountains the collection of the hate
ia the biggest part of the job. At one time
they’ were all brought into Mexico City
on stout little donkeys, quite hidden by
their loads of tightly packed sombreros.

‘In order to get the good will of the Indians
at first and persuade them to sel] the head

the man who went to Mexioo found

t necessary to buy some thousands of
each one twice as high and about
und as a bushel basket. Then

was to persuade the Indians to make
sel] sombrero at the rate he was wait-
pay for them. Even then there was
no ile pod die Indian weaver'’s fancy

design.

"=

w the t than has been found.
He goes irto the mountains to some village
and shows the Indians just what kind of
sombreros, not too heavy, not too high
crowned, not too wide brimmed, is wanted.
The I weave one to be gure it is
right, a price is fixed and the Indians get
The Indians are paid in gold for
their productions and it is said they do not
have an idea the sombreros travel beyond
Mexico Oity.

 

SENATORS WHO ARE CHUMS.

Feuds Between Members From Some States
—Stery of Edmunds and Thurman.
Wasnington correspondence Boston Herald.

United States Senators often become
very good friends, but somehow they are
mot prone to becoming real chummy with
one another. Exceptions occur from time
to time to prove the rule, One of those
exceptions applies to Senator Philander
C. Knox of Pennsylvania and Senator W.
Murray Crane of Massachusetts. If the
afternoon wanes without their meeting one
is very likely to start out to see where the
other is and to learn what has happened.

The fondness that Senator Crane and
Knox evince for eating together ig reminis-
cent of the fondness that ex-Senator Ed-
munds of Vermont and the late Senator
Allen G. Thurman of Ohjo used to have for
drinking together. That-was in the earlier
days, when drinking at the Capitol was not
frowned upon. ,

All the oldsters in political Washington
are fond of recalling that etory of how the
two Senators kept a black bottle in the room
of the Committee on Judiciary. They were,
certain to adjourn there twice or thrice
every afternoon that the Senate held a long
session. It was at first a marvel why the
two men seemed to have the same thought
at the sam’ moment and began to make
tracks simultaneously from different parts
of the Senate chamber—one being a Demo-
erat and the other a Republican—toward that
committes room,

It turned out that they had prearranged
signals. The Old Roman's signal was to pull
out that famous red bandanna handkerchief
and to blow his hose with clarion loudness.

When William E. Chandler was in the Senate
there were long intervals when he and Senator
Gallinger were entirely oblivious of one an-
other's presence. They fought and made up
again and again. The two'Maine Senators,
Hale and Frye, have always maintained ami-
cable relations, but there has been little love
lost between them. They work together but
train with entirely different contingents in the
Senate. When Senator Raynor of Maryland
was sworn in he was hardly on speaking terms
with the late Senator Gorman. Generally
the two Senators from a State come from
different factions or followings, as is the case
with Senators Kittredg®—whose parents still
live in his native State of New Hampshire—
and Gamble of South Dakota, who have a
personal feud.

But there is a long list of States whose
Senators ara alienated to a greater or leas
degree by rivalries or jealousies or open
quarrels.’ These are so numerous as to be
regarded almo't commonblace around the
Capitol.

While there are comparatively few instances
where Senators have been real chummy, es-
pecially where Senators from the same State
have enjoyed such close personal relations,
there are many where they have differed
hotly. These differences are generally denied
by both parties, but sometimes become open
and well known. For example, the present
Senators from Texas—Bailey and Culberson —
do not speak a: they pass by. Vice-President
Fairbanks wue1 4 Senator, and his colleague,
Senator Beveridge, lived a cat and dog po-
litical existence. Outwardly they were
friendly, but they had frequent whirls in
committee rooms. Sq@nator Foraker and the
late Senator Hanna were hardly on speaking
terms.

   
  

——L sss nen

ATLANTIC T.6°SRAGING

   

DATES

FOURTEEN REGATTAS ARRANGED
FOR THE SEASON,

The 27 Footer Crescent to Go Into C¢ m,
mission This Summer Again--Sayin
Hill Club Promotes New Handicap
System—Ciass M Boate Down the Bay,

John R. Brophy, chairman of the regatrg
committee of the Atlantic Yacht (jy) has
about finished the schedule of races of tha
club. He has arranged for fourteen regattas,
a shorter schedule than that of last season,
There are fewor racing dates this year, be.
cause the holidays fall on Saturdays. There
are to be midweek races as usual. This serieg
will not be as large as last year's, One of
these series is for yachts sailed by women
and there are to be five races in the serias,

J, B, O'Donohue has decided to put Cres.
cent, his 27 foot racer, Into commission this
summer. The boat was not raced last year,
and asa result E. F. Luckenback's Sus had
no real clase competitor, The Crescent js
down at the Marine Basin and work has
already begun to put her into shape for the
summer, Mr. O'Donohue's power boat Pa.
tricia is also being fitted out at the Marine
Basin, as is also Col, David EF. Austen's sloop
Ondawa and the yaw! Sakana, which belongs
to the Haviland brothers of the Brookiy,
Yacht Club.

The Sonder class boat Vim which was
owned by the late Commodore Trenor |
Park and which won the Roosevelt cup has
been purchased by Commodore H, A. Moras
of the Marblehead Corinthian Yacht Clyp
and owner of the Dervish. The Vim wii

robably defend the Quincy cup against th
new boat being built by David enton at
anchester for ©. H, Foster. The new

boat will if she is a success be the challenger
for the cup.

Viee-Commodore Arthur Curtiss James of
the New York Yacht Club has plans for a new
vacht lerser and better than the Aloha which
have been drawn by Clinton H, Crane. This
boat will be built later in the year

During the early part of the season the
local Q class will be increased by the adven
of the sloop Dorothy, which has recent};
been purchased by Francis G. Stewart of the
Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club, Doro
thy was built last year by a syndicate of
Baltimore yachtamen, to win the King kd.
ward cup at the Jamestown @xpositinn
Arthur Hill waa the principal owner of the
craft. Mr. Hill sold the yacht to Mr. Stewar
and in return purchased the 27 footer Regina
which Mr, Stewart had owned for severai
years,

“The Savin Hill Yaoht ‘Club, sara the
Boaton Globe, “is working out under the dj.

ection of Charles A. J, Smith, one of its mem
rs interested in power, a plan for holdings
series of power boat races on Saturdays this
summer on a system calculated to pmt a di-
rect premium on skil) in running a gasolene
engipe as well as in steering a boat

“The boate will be handicapped on thelr
average actual ‘sveed over a measured mile
in two trials held before the races. Thue if
A covers the mile in 6 minutes and B in in
minutes A must allow B four minutes a mile
in the races. The allowance is given at the
start. Theoretically the race between them
would finish in a dead heat, but the commit-
tee adda, ‘Jt won't. One boat may be 15
seconds late at the start, the other may hare
ignition troubles, neither mav steer a stralght
course, nor will they make the same sort of
turn. The acheme thus gives every boat 4
show, whether fast or slow.’

“It is planned to make the courses short
say one or two miles each, and to hold three
races in an afternoon. Entrance fees will be
nominal, merely to cover exnenses

“The club has about eighty nower boats
and more than forty owners have alreadr
signified, in reanonse to a circular sent out
March 16, their interest in the plan and their
willingness to enter the trial and races.“

The Vigilant, the old ecnp defender, nowa
vawl and owned by William E. Iselin, ia to be
in commission this summer. The famous
yacht is now on the beach at Greenport, 1.1
and work of uncovering her and fitting her
out has begun. She will be put overboard the
middie of May.

Though now rigged as a vawl, she retains
a large mainsail! and has little less power than
a sloop of the same size. Whether Mr. Iselin
will race her in the new handicap class he has
not decided, but she will take part in the New
York Yacht Club squadron runs.

Lower bay yachtamen are anticipating
ame interesting racing in Claas M this season
The division has not filled for several seasons,
but two famous bhoate of the class are now
making Gravesend Ray their home anchorage
and will undoubtedly meet quite often this
aummer. H. G. &. Noble, Atlantic Yacht
Club, is the owner of the old Canada cup
boat Trondequoit, while Teo 8. Herzig,
Brooklyn. Yacht Club, has purchased Gar-
denia. The latter craft has ente the lone
distance race Brooklyn Yacht Club
for the Tipton which is to start on July
4 from Gravesen y.

The Masaachusetts Racing Dory Associe-
tion hes accented the challenge of the Port-
land Yacht Club for an {nteratate match for
the Walter F. Knight challenge cup. Fach
club can enter two boats in the trial races
from which four boats will he selected to
meet the four challengera from the Portland
nner Club on August 11, 12 and 13. off Marble-

ead,

The international races, in which three
dories from the M. R. D. A. will meet the
three dories from Nova Scotia, wil! take
nlace off Marblehead August 18, 19 and
The interstate races will be started in the
morning at 10 o'clock, while the Internationa!
races will take place in the afternoon, at
8 o’olock each day. Former Commodore
Arthur Fuller of the South Boston Yacht
Club will represent the asaoclation as a fideo
at both the interstate and international dorr
contests,

The two trial races to select the defenders
for the intarnational race will he held of
the South Boston Yacht Club July 12. The
trial races to select the defenders for the
interstate match will take place off the Ba
State Club, Revere, June 27 and 28

~-——

New Home for Bay Side Yaeht Ciub.

The members of the Bav Side Yacht (!
are not at all discouraged because of ther
clubhouse having been burned down. The
building was insured for $10,000 and the fur
niture for $1,000, and the insurance companies
have settled for 87,872. A Ray Side Yacht
Club Building Company has been organized
W. H. Baker is the president and Eimer 6
Stgry is the secretary-treasurer, and mem

ere are subscribing for atock at $19 a share
Plans for a new house have been draw:
and it'will be built as soon as possible. The

house is to be a handsome one and larcer
than the old house.
Memoria!

It ie to be ready bs

Day

 

   

DAILY

   
  
  
   
  
 

“APVER

SUNDAY
EVENING

 

ments. and sub-
scriptions may be left
at these offices, where
the rates are the same
as those charged at
main office. :: :: $3

 

     

  

TISE-

pe

‘BRANCH OFFICES| | NEW york crry—wall Street

Mer. may leave subscriptions
and advertisements at the Wall
Street office, 25 Broad Street.
Telephone 2200 Beckman.

1303 Broadway, near 38th S
241 West 125th Street.

BROOKLYN—106 Livingston
Street, near Court Street.

BOSTON, MASS.—Room 26,
Globe Bldg. Washington St.
—T. P. Harrison.

NEWARK, N. J.—794 Broad St.
—F, N. Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL.—1002-1004
Tribune Bldg.—Guy S. Osborn.

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J—
Walter E. Edge.