P

GOLFING AT. ATLANTIC. CITY |

NOTABLE DOINGS ON LINKS OF
\ THE SEASHORE RESORT,

Coming Tournament Fifteenth Under Coun-
ttry Club's Management— National and
Celiege Champlonehips Have Also
‘Becn Held There~Reater of Winners.

There was a new record established in
the Atlantic City Country Club tournament
last fall when two of the home club, W. EK. |
Shackelford and Fred 8, Shernfan, came in
at the top of the list for the first sixteen
coup. Shackelford had once before been
runner up for this trophy, but'it was the
initla] outright succese of gn Atlantic City
golfer for the most important prize of the
tou nt, and it was the only time also
tha€ two local men had been in the final.
Tha tournament has been held since 1899,
It f held semi-annually, and the spring
event for this year is’té be on Thursday,
Friday and Saturday,-when the seaside
resort will be thronged with golfers.

Atlantic City was quick to’follow the
lead of Newport, Southampton, Aiken and
Flopida in setting up a golf course, for botel
resorts are us keen as rival belles to increase |
thefr attractions, But the early links was |
sooh superseded by the country club’and a |
full course, a change dne to the desire of |
the residents to play the game and not to
the desire to increase the visitors to the |
resort, although the latter result has fol-
lowed in the natural order of events, es-
pecially during the tournaments. The nar-
row strip of sand between the Atlantic
and the bay that is pfeempted by the great
pleasure ground has, no, spaco for a golf
course, but further down the beach and
across the inlet the ideal conditions were
to be had in the fishing and farming village
of Northfield. Here the country club flung
forth ite flag and planted its fig trees. Two |
eleatrio lines connect the viulaga with At-
lantio City, besides a railroad service, the
journey being of about five miles, The
automobile route is along a boulevard bor-
deréd nearly all the way by thé’ooean.

There were hot times at the inaugural
toufnament of the club, evenif in December,
1808, and in blustery weather Findlay
Douglas was the favorite of the big fielti to
win the chief cup, but W. H. Davis, who
hac led the medal round with 179, beat him
in the final, and Fred P. Kimball won the
second sixteen cup. Two gthree win and
out” cups were put into play at the sprio
tournament of 1900, both very rich and
artistic trophies. They were the Atlantic
City.oup.for the first sixteen and the presi-
dent's cup for the second sixteen. There
was much good golfing before they passed
respectively into the permanent possession
of W. J. Travis and ©. B. Fownes, Jr., yet
the! policy of the Country Club has been
singe changed to give only “to be won

outright” oups.
vis beat Douglas by 4 and 2 to secure
his first bracket on the Atlantic City cup,

and he was a-on-startér in the fall of
1900, when Douglas gained the bracket.
He beat Davis by 4 and 2 in the final,,and as
time makes all things even 80 wiped out
the winter trouncing of the initial tourna-
ment. The next contest for the Atlantic
City cup was in the fall of 1902, Travis |
beating Douglas in the final by 4 and 3
The next spring Travis achieved full posses-
siog, the opponent in the final being EK. A.
y, whom he beat by 7 and 6.

 

a eeencinkdiinennin

The president’ cup was in pay until
the fal! of 1904. W. E. Shackelford of the
home guard and C. B Fownes, Jr., of

Pittsburg had each two wins on it when
that tournament began. Both qualified
for: the first sixteen, and under the rules
had the right to challenge the winner of
the second sixteen, who proved to be F. J.
Phillips cf thé Dyker Meadow. Golf Club.
As another win would give the president's
cup to either of the two they played off
the day after the tournament for the right
to challenge, Fownes defeating Shackel-
fora by 1 up. Fownes now played Phillips
and won the historic trophy from the Brook-
lyn player. KR. D. Lapham, Jr., of Apa-
wamis and EK. A. Darby of Philadelphia
had aiso gained brackets during the series
for.the president's cup.

This table shows at a glance the results
in the first sixteen at the Atlantic City
tournament:

Lew Score Prize ' Hise Oup piuaner up |
1500 WV 72, Javis.. Dougias
100 he Apps U2.. “TRAVIS Pucias
Imo Ties, 173°" 1you rias fa vis
1902. Travis, 160 Travis Douglas |
Hh. Travis, 160 "Travis Darby.
wes. Brokaw, 1 Brokaw. Fownes, Jr

H. Pownes
Shackleford,

rownes, Jr.

ro Whes, dr., 178
\ awhes' dr, mH Fownes, dr

wus. rrin, i7t Fownes, Jr...Perrin
i avis, 158 Travis Horstman
Horstman Perrin

Datterson,. Legg,
Dr, Carr

(008. Brokaw, 163.
1006, Battersou, 107

 

oo ravers, 16, Herresholf

WOT. Tappin, se Shatkelford, Sherman
* Wa due Atiantic Clty cup
The ge

in the order of sequence was
hecause the Intercollegiate Golf Associa-
tion had its individual and team champion-
shipg on the Atlantic City course in May,
1991, and the amateur championship took
place -there-in the fall. After this surfeit
of national golf the Courtry Club com-
mittée’todk'n rest us fo tournaments during
the epring of 1902. In the intercollegiate
Harvard warried off all the honora, despite
the strong representation from Yale, Co-
tumbla, Pennsylvania and Princeton. J. G.
Lindgley: won the individual, and ‘the team
ma also, went to the Canibridge boys.
{t was the third win for Harvard in this
contest ‘aud Wold out the final trophy put
up hy. the, Ardsley Club in 1897 as the frst |
incentive to intercollegiate golf, |

That amateur chammonsnip marked the
advent of thé rubber cored golf ball. All
the. Westerners had them, but the Fagtern-
ers, @ho wight hive had boxes‘for the ask-
ing~it-was not thon on the mariet—eyed
the new ba!l askance. ‘Travis was ah excep-
tion. He received some of them and poserd |
theday before the championship practising
approach shots and putting, but Findlay |
Douglag A..G. Lockwood, Allan Kennaday
and others then prominent of the East clung |
to oe solid: gutte pores. This ee a}
nandicap, every one now knows, yet Travis |
only Bont Douglas jf the semi-final on the |
thirtyreighth le. There was a poat-
ponerment of the final for a week in conse-
uenée'of the death of President McKinley,
In tHe match Travis won from Walter Eb.
Egan by 6 and 4.

As sensational an eighteen holes as the
anfateur championships have brought out
marked the match between the late W,
Holabird, Jr., a voengs boy, and A. G,
Lockwood, of Boston during the progress
of that tournament. It was lively against
solid Pall; wit both piayiwg wenderfuily |
well, Holabird won the eighth and eleventh
in 28 And-they haived the tenth in 2. He
had besides, two 3a. Lockwood, besides
the, 2. on. the tenth, gained four holes in
3s. He finiehed In 75 to Holabird’s 78 and
j up. All the rounds were of thirty-six
holes im thoge days and the play was as

furiqug,- allernoon, going out re-
spective in 99 and 40, and Lockwood
win 4 and 3, Lockwood on the
hole ved in’? drove the 200 vard greer
close to the oup, while Holabird holed from
hie “sparcntp put. On the eleventh, 156
vards, ird came within an inch or
two of holing on the drive.

Ano event of importance to the femi-
nine wielders of the clubs held at Atlantic
City Was the Women's Eastérn Golf Associa-
tion fiament ef 1006. Harry Vardon
was at course in 1900 and beat the best
bath of H. M, Harriman, then amateur
© , and Findlay Douglas in thirty-
aix y¥ 9 up and Sto play. The course
was pronounced by Vardon to be more
sug! 6 of w British seashore links than
any he Kad seer here. Since his visit the
eighteen holes have been extended to nearly
6,000 yards and improved by new hazards
— sand traps, with some undulating
put s.

The der to much of the fair green is
the reed covered marsh extending to the
bay, but beyond is the Atiantic,and there
is generally a breeze from the sea to stimu-
late. era.. Frederick Hemsley hus |
been the Birpident since the. beginning of
the Atlantic City Country Club, J. Haines
Lippenoots treasurer, aud Walter E. Edge

 

mite bt ie ease SPymement Gom-
a 4. Edge, J. Haines 1.4 -
cott, F. 8. Sherman and ¥. C Robbing

For a couple of years the club tried’ the
team match plan, the scores wo be the best

ft
J

wl

 

' Intercollegiate boat races at

| of the ebb

| nouncedly

aggregate of the four or six entered made |
in the qualifying round, but with the large
eitry it was found to be more trouble than
it was worth. This time the entire first
day will be given up to a thirty-six hole
qualification play, the lowest scorer to
receive a gold medal and six sixteens to
qualify for cups at match play, ‘There will
be prizes also for the runner up in each
sixteen, All match play rounds will be of
eighteen holes,

he Country Club has established the
rule of something doing every minute for
all who attend its tournaments, As a con-
sequence there will be a special consolation
event on the second day for the defeated
eight of each sixteen, On Saturday be-
sides the finala there will be an eighteen hole
medal play ‘handicap for groes and net
score prizes. Delays are dangerous at this
tournament, for players will forfeit their
matches who do not step on the tee at the
scheduled time. All prizes are to be won
outright, but except the qualifying round
medal a contestant may win but one prize
during ghe tournament.

TIDES FOR HUDSON BOAT RACE.

Expectation Is for Slack Water for the
Varsity Eights on Regatta Day,
There is reason to expect that the watct
conditions will not be unfavorabie for the
Poughkeepsie
on June 27, The tables show that low water
in the afternoon of that day should be at
Sill o’olook. The fullest strength of the ebb
under ‘those conditions will be about 4:30
o'clock, when the freshman raee will be coin-
ing on, There is about an hour's atretch
of slack water on the Hudson, perhaps a bit
longer, If the varsity race'ia started promptly
at 6 o'clock, at wkich time under the con-

ditions it well may be, the entire fleet of six !
How. |

crews should enjoy equal chances,
ever, if the race is delayed the water will be
on the flood and conditions will be more
than adverse,

The outlook this year is not for fast time,
because the'very best that can be arranged
is to have all six orews going on the strength
If that cannot be fixed the next
best thing is to have slack water, It takes
a good ebb, such a8 the crews had in 1901, to
make records, That was the year four of them
did better than the previous record of 19
minutes 29 seconds, In fact oniy four crews
had their time taken, the others being back

} in the ruck so {pr their times couldn't be

taken

The season thus far has been much more
forward than last year. “The crews have |
been able to get out early and have done
@ great deal more work than they glid in
1907, ‘That means there will be better pre-
pared ahd consequently faster crews on
the Hudson Inasmuch as Columbia, Cor- |
nell, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin will cer-
tainly have better crews this year than last
the race ought to bea great thing tosee. There
will be better competition, thease four crews
being, from present appearances, ov almost |
even terms °

Pennsylvania, a8 most coaches have been
at pains to point out, 18 80 Very Hiuch stronger
than in i907 that comparison cannot indi- |
cate the difference. The Quaker boat has |
been declared equal to the 106 eight, which
covered the course in 1% minutes 3: seconds
in a trial and whs the fasteat crew ever turned
out at Philadelphia, The makeup of the |
Pennsylvania. boat at present very closely |

}
|

|

reseinbles that of 1906 in conformation
+» Wisconsin has built up a tine combination
from tive of last year's crack freshman eig.t, |
two varsity veterans and @ tan Who has
rowed elsewhere and is in his first year of
Othgtaity at Madison,

n connection with the diMflculties of de-
veloping a crew at Wisconsin a table of
the dates on which lakes Mendota and
Monona become havigable shows some in-
teresting things. Wisconsin's first crew for
the intercollegiate regatttain the East came
on in 1898, The lakes opened that year on
March 26, Barring three other years it has
not been possible to get out earlier than this
On the three exceptional oocasions the differ-
ence has been of a few days only.

A table of dates of the lakes’ opening for
these eleven seasons follows

Yeur Monona Mendota, |
1408 March 26 March %
1AyO April 16 April 17
lwo A\pribi7 Aprit 17
iv! April ti April 12
igo March 27 Mareh
rts) March 23 March 24
1004 April 1s April 13
1908 Aprils April | |
1908, Aprils April 1
1907 ° 4 March 28 March 24
190s March 2% March 26

‘These figures indicate merely that the lakes
were available on those days ag the earliest
opportunities, but they fail to show anything
about the number of rowing days available, |
The northwest winds make rowing impossible
Mendota is six miles by four, the other lake
not so big in area

Hlardly another is so badly off in the number
of rowing days as Wisconsin, The others
get on the water ealier and lose fewer dava
when once established at water work. How-
ever, Wisconsin gets a good quality of rowing
material fo commence with and in that way
manages to turnish a’ slight offset to pro
unfavorable conditions

The Columbia squad rejoiwes in several
good men who are outside the regular eight!
but are making play for seats. Ryan, a port
man, and Heliorich, lor the starvbourd side, are
not inthe first boat, butare fighting for places
Jordan of this year's bout rowed in the Har- |
vard race |aat Fpring, Dut was taken out of the
crew because of parental objection before the
large race. When he was on his way home to
the West a telegrain was received here for him
rescinding the parental objection, but it was
then toe ljate

Columbia is getting in a lot of hard work,

rowing up through the Ship Canyl from the

 

Harlem house aud toking to the Hudson tor
long picces when the water is not too rough
Phis is harder work than is usually put on (he
men, but they are thriving under it. After
May 1 they will row steadi!y on the Hudson
trom their barge, getting a taste of Pough-
keepsie life far in advance, The trip to
Pourhkeepsie to be made with the barge will
eatablieh the men there without any decided
or possibly hacimful change in their methods
of living

IF LONGBO GT, WHY NOT SHRUBB?

Question Nalsed in England on the Indian's
Entry for Olymple Marathon.

To judge by the English sporting papers
to hand there is not much chance of Tom |
Longboat, the Indian distance runner, ever
appearing in the Marathon race at the Olym-
pic Games next July, It appears his case
is under Inveetivation Just now, and the
Englisiimen will have to satisfy themselves
that he is an amateur before his name ja al-
lowed to go on the programme They say
they only want to beal amateurs, not the
best professionals, and if Longboat is per.
mitted to run so should Shrubb be. Tho latest
issue of Sporting Life received here has this
to suy on ihe ease, under the head of “The
Longhoat Bogy”

The letters ini last Thursday's Sporting
Life from J. 4, Dixon, secretary of the Amerie
ean A.U., and J. H. King are sufficient to show
that the Longboat bother is far from over
yet. So far as England is concerned the mat-
ter may well be left for future consideration,
The question as to the Indian's status is
bound to be raised and it will be investigated
by dn unprejudiced body, and for that reason
I did not think it necessary to refer to the
letter which came across from Mr. Bobby
Winston time back, as that gentle.
mon clearly rmisundersion! the conditions
of the Olympic contests, They are for ama- |
teurs only and are not promoted witha view
to allowing the London public to sre the |
greatest runners of the age, but only the
greatest amateur runners if we w anted
to find the greatest distance athlete of this
or any other age we need only goto Havyward's
Heath and dig up our old friend Shrubb, who
would be only too delighted to tackle Long-
boat or any i else.

But should the objections to the Indian's
status prove fatal there will be no more tnjus-
tice to the athlete himself or to Canada in
debarring him from an amateur conmipetition
than there is in preventing Shrubb from run-
ning tor England, No performance that has
ever been recorded by Longboat under proper
conditions is Hhely to strike fear into British
athletes; we shall, in fact, hope that his status
may be satisfactorily settled, so that the Ca-
nadians may appreciate the worth of our own
cross-country men at distance work, When
July comes round there will be none of that
second class representation which has been
our lot in previous games. The world will
have to meet our best, and that will be a new
experience. Many of the cracks on the other
side are known here, and ere they left our
shores were searcely considered champions;
while among our own men the development
of late yearp has been very marked. So we
say, ‘Let ‘em all come’ and try to take our
number (pwn. And if any are ruled out as
having contravened the conditions laid down
in the entry form they can give the public
a chance of soning them in another sphere
while we have A. Shrubb and A. B, Postle on’
thia side of the water.”

The above comment was shown to James E.
Sullivan of the A. A. U. yesterday and he said:
“Asfarasthe A. A. U, is concerned the Long-
boat case is at an end and he is @ professional
for good 8 all. The question o: bp entry in
English Marathon will be settled by the British
Olympte Council and the Enqliah A. A. A, as
they see fit, and we ahall abide by their de-
cision. Weare going todo nothing that would
for a moment detract from the aucce as of the
games, but on the contrary will render all pos-
sible help to the fixture,”

aame

   

> eG ane ERIN

12 inch

ESTATE FOR BALE—QURENS

I I A ys Wh

  

| REAL ESTATE FOR SALE—QUEENS

 

Douglas Manor

appeals particularly to those who appreciate not only the natural
beauty of the place, but also the fact that it is rapidly becoming
the home of people of CULTURE and REFINEMN ENT.

The Douglas Manor Inn and the Countay Club on the prop-

erty also ad

to its SOCIAL ATTRACTION

SURROUNDED ON THREE SIDES BY WATER, Douglas
Manor is forever protected from the encroachment of undesir-

able surroundings

Every purchaser in Douglas Manor becomes one of the
owners of and has the perpetual right to use over A MILE OF

SHORE FRONT, including the bathing pier, boat house, &c.

Write to-day for ov

Rickert-Finl

45 Wes

ir new booklet, just out.

ay Realty Co.

t 34th Street

 

 

W. A. VANDERBILT'S DERBY COLTS.
Romor That Sea Sick U1. Is a Disappoint. |

ment—Next Year's Candidates.

Rumor from France is to the effect that
W. kK, Vanderbilt's colors will not be seen in
the Knglish Derby this year and that his crack
three-year-old, Sea Sick II,, has been a dis-
appointment. Vanderbilt has two first rate
co.la this year, it is thought, in the one men-
tioned and another named Schuyler, and it
was thought that he had @ rosy chance of
capturing both the Epsom Derby and the
Grand Prix this season, Sea Sick Il. was

booked for England, and at this stage when |
| very little is known about the classic eandi-

dates and how they wintered the Vanderbilt
entry is quoted at 8 to 1 in the betting. Asad

| two-year-old Sea Sick II, was about ejual

to Monitor, and the Fregeh critics have it
that Monitor was about 14 pounds behind the
leading two-year-old brigade in France. If
this'is true the colt is not as formidable on
paper as some French horses that have
crossed the channel in recent years.

According to the reports from Newmarket,
August Belmont'’s Norman III. is said to be
the beat over a distance in Watson's string
It is said that all thefhorses of thesame stable
are hard and fit just now. Speaking of the
items revealed by the racing calendar just
out, Sporting Life says with regard to the
American and, other nominations in next
year's Derby’

“J. R. Keene entered four of his American
bred colts, and they are all left in,
them is a son of the Oaks winner, Cap and
Bells, his sire being Ben Brush. Another
American owner, John E. Madden, took no
fewer than thirteen nominations, and he
has deemed it advisable to allow eight of
them to continue as potential candidates
And then there is August Belmont, the presi-
dent of the New York Jockey Club, with
two candidates, Major Loder has three colts
engaged in next year's Derby, one of whom is
that magnificent colt Head of the River, by

Gallinule out of May had the

Race. [|

vleasure of seeing him at Eyrefleld Lodge a |

4w weeks ago, and @ more promising two-
year-old I never beheld.

One of |

‘

\— Siaeeindihs seeceneenanmenaonanS

 

|

Will be LS minutes from Herald Square

| Sewer, Water, Electricity, Cement Side-
| walks, Macadamized Roads.
House and lots for sale, $800 up.

Take free auto stage from Cord Meyer Develop
ment Co, oMce, Limhurst, or train from Long
Island City .

a

PRINCETON'S TRACK OUTLOOK

Not More Than a Handfal of First Raters
—Whiteley a Star.

| The Princeton varsity track team will have
generous preparation for the intercollegiate
games this year. Outside of the Pennayl-
vania relay carnival on April 25 there will be
three dual meets. Princeton is to meet Yaie
on May 9 at New Haven, and on following
Saturdays Cornell at Princeton and Columbia
here in New York. Only two men of those
who won points for Princeton last year still
| arein college, J.C, Atlee, the quarter miler,
| is captain of the team and R. A. Gamble, the
| sprinter, is out for the team, The Daily
Princetonian quotes A. F. Copland, the coach
| of the team, as saying that he thinks his pros-
pects are very bright for developing a good
tearm, Whether that means a dual meet teain
or an intercollegiate meet team is not ex.
plained. They are very different things. It
looke as if the latter were meant.

Counting in Atlee and Gamble, there ian't
really a great deal to the Princeton team
outside of two other men, Whiteley and
Frantz, These two undoubtedly will make
their mark big and strong in the intercol-
legiategames. Whiteley, the lad who finished
fourth in the intercollegiate cross-country
race, although he waswefy sick just before it,
is regarded by Coach Copland as the coming
half miler. He had a preparatory sch ol
| markof better than 1 minute 58 seconds,and
his sty le and action guarantee greater per-

 

 

There are four other Derby candidates | forances when his physical strength is
quartered at the Clarehaven eatablishment— | eeter, Whiteley ig young and is not
colta the property of Mr. Neumann. One is | #' ter young an he he an

e m8 a

by Gallinule out of Firelight, and conse-

quently half-brother to Nero. He js named

Fidelio. Another is Gallas, by Galfinule out
‘of Clarehayen. Neither tbe Duke of Port-
land nor Mr. Raphael has disturbed his

nomination, but Lord Rosebery has reduced
his quartet to two—Souple Sam, by Ladas
out of Catriona, and trained at Beckhamoron,

aud Rhetoric, who is sister to Cicero
Leopold de Rothschild has scratched three
of his entries, but still has four chances, one
of them represented by King Charming,
brother to St. Amant And now it only re
tains for us to await developments during
the next few months

His Majesty the King has only one horse
entered for next year’s Derby in his own
mine, This is Royal Escourt, a chestnut cole
by Diamond Jubilee out of Ambleside. He
tands his ground, but it «will be remem-

bered that last autumn the King leased hilf
a dozen colts from Col, Hall Walke Thea
were all engaged in the Darby, and only one
of them—La fa, by Ladas our or Toe ¢
lina —has been struck ou’, The other five are
Calderstone, by Persisumon out of Shew-
bread: Minoru, by CyUeae out of Mother
Seigel (Freeborn's dam); Oakmere, byeWild-
fowler oul of, Puff Ball (Pom’s dam: Prince
Pippin, by Desmond out of Goody Two Shoes,
and Mooreock, by Gallinule out of Fair Jean
There was an unfortunate shortage of colt
foals at Sandringham two yeirs ago, bur th
bateh from Tully has redresaed the bilance
and we may be quite sure thet no one will
be more pleased than Col. Walker if they
prove themselves worthy to carry the royal
colors

I a sorry to see that Mr, David Brown-
ing has found it necessary to withdraw Bel-
fast. This colt is a half brother, by the Bally-
kisteen sire, Vitez, to Prospector, who was
tubed three days ayo. Beifast met with e
serious accident last year, When in Irelind
recently | was told that he vas now making
nice progress, but it is evident the mishap
has permanently impaired his usefulness

Lord Carnarvon has found it necessary to |

seratch Oni-ko, the colt by Robert le Diable
out of Puii Yama, for whom he gave Sir

John Robinison 710 guineas at Doncaster last |

vear, ‘Chia was one of eight voungstors bred
at Worksop that were nominated for the
Derby. It is pleasing to flod that all the others
are looked upon with sufficient favor to war-
rant the payment of the extra £20 ‘

‘The reports coneerning the progress of
those which fetched big prices are all couched
in optimistie terms, Lord Derby nominated
three colts, but he is now represented by one
only—that by Cyilene,out of Santa_Brigida,
who is, bf course, ‘half-brother to Bridge of
Canny. The youngater was for a time cailed
Brig of Ayr, but the name has been abandoned
The twocoltastruck out are St, Distaff, by Ayr-
shire, out of St. Victorine (dam of Olympian)
and Corrie Glass, by Isinglass, out of Broad
Corrie, Ernest Dresden and George kd-
wardes had each nominated three, but they
have all been withdrawn, and Lord Falmouth
has also withdrawn the two he entered. John
M..J0e! has incurred the extra liability for the
col, by Sundridge out of Sweet Story. Asa
yearling this fellow showed exceptional
yromise, but | have not heard anything about
im lately

Yachts Change Hands,

The following transfers of yachts are re-
ported through the agency of Henry J. Gie-
low

Schooner Miladi, sold by 8. H. Mason to
George W. Scott of the Larchmont Yacht

tlub

Yawl Scapha, sold by FE, T. Hall to 1. H.
Armour, who is installing a 17 horse-power
gasolene enwine

Yaw! Janet, sold by §. H. Adriance to W, H.
Dixon. ‘This yacht is now fitting out at the
Marine Basin,

Yaw! Ebisu, sold by Harrison W. Smith to
Henry F. Alm

Sloop Possum, sold by F.C. and R. B. Seward
to Ht. Beverly Robinson, who with some
friends wibl sail the yacht about the middle
of next month to her new home port, St
John, 'N. E

Cabin launch Runaway, sold by W. B
Craighead to L. Arnaon
Hunting cabin launch Kilkare, sold by

Charles M, Gould to F. R. Smith

Hunting cabin launch Irene, sold by 8. W.
Granubery to Alfred Mastre

Power launch Yvonne, sold by J, R, Johnson,
Jr., to Wallace T. Foote, who will use {it on
Lake Champlain, where he has a camp.

Cruising motor boat Ida Belle, chartered
by Louis Kahnweiler to 8. A. Adler for the
season.

Steamer Venetia Sold.

Morton F. Plant has sold his steam vacht
Venetia to a yachtsman who for the present
wishes to be unknown. The Venetia, which
is a very handsome boat, was purchased by
Mr. Plant in 1904. She is 227 feet over all,
106 feet 5 inches on the water line, 27 feet
beam _and 15 feet 10 inches depth
of bold, Mr. Plant has had a much’ larger
yacht built on the other side and is there
now waiting for her trial trip, which is to be
made soon. This new yacht is named
lolande.

had a new deck laid and some changes have

, strong yet as he shoukd be, but
the marks of a first rater.

Frantz is a distance runner much sturdier
in physique than Whiteley and is becom we
a hard manto beat. He is likely to turn
out well in the two miles and will be wel!
below ten minutes for ghe distance, it is need
lens to say, How he will shape up alone-

w_SHE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 26.1000,

Forest Hills.

side of Floyd Rowe, the Michigan track |
captain,’ who holds the intercollegiate ree-
ord, it is hard to say just now. Frantz |

may be put in the mile, but all his running
hitherto has been such as to fit him for mak

Vezin vaulted 11 feet 3 inches in the college |
championships at Jamestown, tieing for
first place. His average performances have
beeu at that height He will hardly be able
todoa great deal against the Sale men whor
he will compete against in the dual meet

and the intervollegiate games W. B. Con-
nors i sprinter who i turn out weil
for Coueh Copland this vea, Ile on the |
220 yard ran in the Yale-Princeton dual meet
last year. DPD Mackadven mav do some

thing with the weiehts, but that ia not at!
all sure

L. H. Simoos, who won the intercollegiate |
broad jump when he was a freshman--he |

is @ senior now} i8 at work sprinting and

dumping. It was in 1905 that he won and
cleared 23 feet 2 inches. Since then he
hasn't shone a8 an athletic wonder, Last |

vear he won the broad jump from Cornell
with less than 22 feet, but was third in the |
Yale meet
McGee is one of the Princeton veteran !
distence runners. tle was second in the mule
in both the Yale and Corneil nieets.« In the
Yale ricet he ran the two miles also and waa
second in that, He is a worker and may ;
do something apecial this year
In addition to the men mentioned, Coach
Copland has among others these athletes for
| the Princeton squad
| Dashes--A. KR. Howell ‘C8, D>. M. Smith ‘10,
|
|
|
|

4 Yards. 5, Conger ‘@, H. L. Baunigartner
Hayes ‘10
N. Floyd ‘08, R. P. Parsons ‘(9

J. HW. Kelly 08, J. L, Capman (9
Bergland ‘08, G. M. Brown ‘06
| T, N. Pfeiffer ‘a, W. I
| C.'T, Batdwin ‘to :
| if Jump—7. 8, Clark ‘08, F. Dixon '¢9, D. N

"10, nk, V.
MO vars
Distance huns
Hlurdies—W, S

Leeper 00, H. G. Turner (9,

Giipta ‘G8, W. F. Taijeott ‘10
} H. L, Dowd '(®, W. F, Talcott ‘10
Pole Vault—L, T. Parke ‘10.
Weights—W. N. Thompson e A. E

F.C flamman 10, ¥, B. Critehlow ‘10

road Jump
Booth '0®

YACHTS FITTING OUT,

|
i
|
|
City Island Has Come to Life--All Will Be
in' the Water Soon.
© (City Island has come to'life. Work has
been started on the work of fitting out many
yachts for the season. Covers hava been
taken off, spars have beer scraped and a trans-
formation is taking place, In a few waeks
all the yachts will be in the water, their wood
work will be bright and shining with new
paint and varnish, and their sails will be |
spotlessiy clean. i
rd the
|
!
|
|
|

ve
yara

 

Ai Jacob's schooner Zuhra
owned by Henry Doscher, is being prepired
for the race from Marblehead to Bermuda.
She has new spars, and these have been well
fitted to new ironwork.

Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt's fifty-
seven footer Aurora is fitting out. She will
make her first appearance in a race agains
G. M. Pynchon'S Istalena in the race for
the New York Yacht Club's spring cups on
June tt,

Henry

 

F. Parmelee’s sloop Rosalie has

been made in the yacht’s rigging H.G.S
Noble's sloop Irondequoit will be ready in |
time for the opening of the season |
The sloop Dorwina, recently purchased by |
E. C. Ray, and the schooner Sea Fox, owned |
by Dallas B. Pratt, are fitting out, J. Pier- |
sont Morgan, Jr., has purchased the New |
Pork Yacht Club 90 footer Ibias of O'Donnell
Iselin, and that yacht is being made ready
ht. A. Tyler of New Haven has purchased of
kK. Q. Trowbridge the sloop Gamecock, which
is being made ready
Frank L. St. John’s house boat Marjorie
has been launched and ia in commission, and
the house boat Onawa I1., owned by Wilbur
C, Fish, ia almost ready to have her flag hoisted,
W. R. H. Martin's power boat Dreamer III
and the launches Shadow, Kosugaas and
Skylark are being overhauled.
he 57 foot cruising power boat building
for J. M. Gibbone is nearly completed, This
craft was designed by C. D. Mower and is to
be used on the St, Lawrence. The power |
launch for the Prospect Gun Club and the |
47 foot crulaing power boat ‘for Clarkson |
Cowl, both of which were designed by Henry |
J. Gielow, are ready for launching. }
Two new racing yachts, onan R boat for |
Donald Abbott and a Clasé Q boat named
Chagerpa, designed by ©. D, are
finished. A 21 footer is being built for ie
New Illinois Athletic Club for the Lipton chp
races from designs by Morgan Barney, This
craft is in frame,

Mower,

ing a good twouniler, \

| DESIRABLE APARTVUENT

ee

'

CITY REAL ESTATE. }

| RAR BRARAALAAAAABAAAAAARARARAAAAAAAAAAMA RAM

BOROUGH OF BROOKLYN—POR GALE
~~"

 

Ne ne meena ees Oe

decorated,

+4

TWO-FAMILY HOUSES THAT

ARE OUT OF THE ORDINARY

ee ce ee

 

Artistic fronts, nardwood trim, gas and electric lights, 62, ft
light rooms, parquet floors throughout, beamed ceilings and plate rail in
dining rooms, tiled bathrooms exceptionally fine plumbing

le a onal eee as

deep, all

handsomely

Title Policy issued byTitle Guarantee and Trust Co, FREE OF CHARGE.

Cresco Reality Company

PHIRD AVE. AND 89TH ST., BROOKLYN, N, Y,
lake Sth Ave. and Bay Ridge *L”

One Block from 4th Ave. Subway.

Write for booklet ‘

 

 

stLvatT AP anPiewes —BNOOKLYN

Perret wt yn
44 PLAZA ST, 703-707 VANDERBILT
AV, 256 STERLING PLACE; A FEW VERY

    

  

 

 

DROOMS AND |

 

~

A

 

AL ESTATE POR SALE--NEW JERSE)

SN errr nv >

N OPPORTUNITY at Nutley, N. J., on the Er

K., wituin 45 ininutesof New cork; ine residence

on 5

yrincipal residence avenue; I2 large rooms an

bath; electric sight, hot water heat; large verandas
beauttful grounds an‘ trees; corner pict, SOxi80; thre
utes from 4. i. station; ten minutes from gor
club; wil be closed out to prompt purchaser at $10.00)
‘i less than tie cost of house alone; liberal tess,

min

; muc

HATH; ALL IMPROVEMENTS; STEAM
HEAT, HO WATER; PRICES 837,50 TO
805,00, APPLY TO JANITOR, 256 STER.- |
LING PLACE, OR THE CORD MEVER CO,
62, WILLIAM ST, NEW YORK, TEE, S4t
PROSPECT AND 1061 JOHN,
_-—— eet
FLATS, all improvements: also furnished rooms,
single or en sulte STURCKEN, West 30th st.,
Coney Island
BEAL ESTATE POR SALE—NEW JERSEY

vere

On Weat Saore R. it, only 45° minutes

from Broadway; commutation $5.9); high,

healthful, restricted; country club and
tine golf course; new houses, exclusiv
designs, $5.20 to $10,000; Interesting par .
ticulars, Call upon or write G, LLOYD, Jr.,
1 Heekman st., N. ¥.; telepone 8340—Cort

 

 

For Sale in Beautiful Montclair,N.J.

Good home in restricted and high class neighbor
hoo« here values are rapidly increasing; 0 rooms,
elt tr ements: near school: easy access to city
os can be satisfactorily arranged.

  
 

only $8,500; ter

Address
408. W. GLAISTER,
375 Bloomfield Ave, Montclair, N. J.
A BEAUTIFUL RESTDENCE, acreage and gar
age in Montelalr; bargain; $15,000; half cash; 90 min
utes via McAdoo tunnel Photo and particulars,
OWNER, bax 364, Montclair, N. J,

TT
HY DROPLANES AT MONACO,

De-

 

Chief Event Won by the Raplere TU,
seription of That Boat,

Hivdrgplanes were a big attraction at the
motor boat meeting at Monaco. The chief
event for these crafiwas won by La Rapiere
Il. ‘That race Was fifty kilometres, and
from nine others this boat won it in 57 min-
utes 42 seconds, which is at the rate of 2x",
nautical miles an hour, The Yachting World
SAYS

Ia Kapiere lil. was built by Tellier Fils
et Gérard and is equipped with a 150 horse-
power Panhard-Levassor motor, installed
right aft, Her length is just short of eight
metres, and she is said to have attained @
speed of more than fifty kilometres an hour
upward of thirty-one miles during her trials

on the Seine. Her deck plan resembles a
billiard table rounded at one end ‘
Her installation is decidedly freakish

ng een nse

Instead of the motor being placed in any |

of the usual positions in or forward the
middle thir, it is situated right aft and A.
a iong shaft to a thrust block forward, wher

the shaft is sour geared to the forward en

of the propeller shaft, which runs beneath
it. In view of the easily drtven quality of
her hydrovlane hull It is ¢ uestioned whether
her great power could not be made to give
even better results if the motbr were placed
in a normal position. The power loat in the
gearing must be endrmous,

|

 

Chis is an_unusual bargain, as an investigation ws

rove

WM. A. LAMBSERG, Owner, WW Nassau s

New York

 

{

HANDSOME Colonial residence, in Fast Orange,

12 rooms and tiled bath
160x180,
wanna siation,

best nelghboriiood;
avenue, cight minutos Lacks
*% minutes to New York; pric

on best

wot

$22,000, or $17,000 with 100 feet end house; conesiet
Price of land $80 per front foot; house cost $14,000

to build
‘HAN
_—_,

(

BS

Others, easy terms. SALF AND ES
CO., 4 Clinton st., Newark, N. J

  

IMMIT BARGAIN --Fine twelve room residence

three baths; every |mprovement; large plot; worth

$15,000,

sacrifice at $12,000; reasonable terms

HOTCHKISS: JOBS CO., Realty Specialists, Sum
mit, N. J.

|

|
|

    
  
      

 

 

FARMS IN NEW JERSEY.
CATALOGUE FREE.
PAUL F. WILLIAMS,

NEW BRUNBWICK, N. J,

 

foie ge Listener dee aver sug) o>

}
Bvdsoye V.ewsof Manhattan Beach and the Oriental and Manhattan Beach Hotels i
h

Absolutely the Highest Grade
*Development on the Atlantic Coast.
Unequalled As a Sea Shore Residential Colony.

*
ALL IMPROVEMENTS have been made without expense to purchasers: Macadamized Streets, Grano-
. lithie Sidewalks and Curbs, Sewers, Water, Gas and Conduits for Electric Light and Telephone Con-
nections. IN FACT, every improvement that the critical buyer can demand has been anticipated
and made at Manhattan Beach.
BUILDING PLOTS are now being sold on attractive terms, especially to those contemplating the erection
of homes. Titles guaranteed by the Title Guarantee and Trust Company. + 4

‘Write to-day for information and booklet Showing the entire development, to Dept. 26.

MANHATTAN BEACH ESTATES, 192 BROADWAY, NEW YORK

    
      

~ a

CITY REAL ESTATE.
PAP APAPARARAARRAAAAIAA 6 Hn*™* HR

. J

 

%
s

ice
Py v

iy
‘

    
  
   
  

 

      
     
   
     
 

 

TWO good lots in East N, Y, section, will double
in value in two years; dc, “L” fare; 20 minutes to
City Hall, New York; no agents. H, E.G,,17 Wood-
bine, Brooklyn.

 

 

VERY desirable lower part bro®nstone house
good location; $90 month. DESIRABLE, bos 16
Sun office,

 

 

CITY REAL PSTATE.

ween PPALGL DRILL PS DDD PLL PL PPP PDA P
DAVID STEN ART, REAL FESTATF,
26 Dromdiway, Amsterdam av. and 162d st.

 

REAL ESTATE FOR SALE—NEW JERSEY

LLL LLL LDL LDL PD PEED ID

 

ORR errr

25 MIN. FROM NEW YOR

RAC
RUTHERFORD, N.

(ADJOINING CARLTON HILL STATI
Best-in-dersey Hames nt £3500 to $3000
Bravtitally !ovnted on arae forest grown ploter F be ®
rooms amd bath. Al’ improerements Steam head elec.
tricity Mesy payments Hig vasn discount. Bee Sefore
socating, Fret vookiet and tickets CALL, PROFS, Warne,

4. MO Rrondwey 8.5. phone.a120 Worth
Cartton Realty Co or en vroverty. Carlton Wil! station

 

Beautiful Suburban Home

AT MOUNTAIN STATION, N. J

    

 

Sale or rent; jot 100x210; 14 roams; perfect cor
dition; all i ovements; shac fruit; 3 traing
daisy! rent $00 month: sale § a) easy terme
J BLANCHARD, 049 Hroedy

’

FARM FOR SALE. _

s at Prauklin Park, N. J., on stone road

 

 

   

n VY Hrunsw to Princeton, 11 room house
team heat: water house; all necessary outb
ings, nes ney For full particulars address
Jo5. HUNT, owner, Prankiin Park, \. J
FOK RENT.
- . - anne

burnished.

Ai ESSEX FELLS, N, J.

FOR RENT FURNISHED

Magnificent ston brick and shingle 22 roo
Gweutag 4il Imorovenents, & master bedrooms
oservants ) 0ms, ( baths, 7 acres of land on plateau
(WM) ft. Crevation:, commanding beautiful views (1
every direction, lovey shade trees, shrubbe
tennis cou ete nacadamived roads; 4 minutes

' from station; fol links and clubhouse in immediate
vieinits

Owner s absenee asroad only reason for renting

house ony two years old, never rente | before, pos:
Session May ist. Hor terms and further informa:
tlon phowve, adress or call on

ELSTON M. FRENCH,

Phone, 5124 Cor __141 Broadway, NT

\T picturesque Nutley, N. J., ivy-covered stone
house, furnished, 10 rooms, with large plot of lawn;
stable; garden; rent to October ist, $400; old
Colonial furniture, all improvements; golf and fieid
clubs. JAS. R. KAY, Nutley, N. J

WILL rent for summer furnished high grade
house, price reasonable to right parties. Address
tas Roseville av., Rosevilic, N. J, 70 trains dally
to New York.

éneeeneipnninnatinnnetemennes ——

W. SUMMIT~ Pine, large bullding ‘plots in good
location, All improvements and near station.
Reasonable terms. Further particulars, CLARENCE
C. JONES, Summit, N. J

 

 

 

 

 
 

Branco OFFICES
| DAILY

SUNDAY
EVENING

 

 

AP VERTISE.

ments and sub.
scriptions may be left
at these offices, where
the rates are the same
as those charged at
main office. :: 1's:

Shs S01

 

   
  
   
 
 

|

|

 

NEW YORK CITY — Wall
Street Men may ‘leave sub-
scriptions and advertisements
at the Wall Street office,
25 Broad Street. Telephone |
2200 Beekman.

1393 Broadway, near.38th St. |

241 West 125th Street.

BROOKLYN — 106 Livingston
Street, near Court Street.

BOSTON, MASS.—Room. 26,
Globe Bldg., Washington'st. |
—T. P. Harrison.

NEWARK, N. J.—704 Broad
St.—F. N. Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL.—1002-1004
Tribune Bldg —Guy S. Osborn. |

ATLANTIC CITY, N, J.—'
Walter E. Edge.

  

 

  
 

 
      

  

    
      
  

  

       
 

|