THE MEMORY OF UNCLE JASE

A KNOB COUNTRY EPISODE AT
SOAP BOILING TIME,

Mt Concerns an 1) Advised Act on the Part
of an Kagle and Iilustrates the Advan-
tage of Having a Grandmother Who
Can Think Quickly When Necessary.

Lackawaxen, April 26.—*I wisht I hed
&@ mem'ry setch as Uncle Jase's got,” said

the man from the Knob country. “It's
amazin’, that mem'ry o' his'n,
*An' it’s a shame how triflin’' a store

hig wife, Perkiomen, sgems to set by it.
T’other day, havin’ use fer the bucksaw
that Uncle Jase borried of me a couple o'
months ago, I meandered down to Jase's
an’ sorty jogged his mem'ry a little as to
the bucksaw,

“Well, I'll be dumgimped,’ says he.
‘How in Sam Hill did 1 ever come to fergit
about that saw?’ says he. ‘Taint’ often
that I fergit anything, Dan'l,’ says he.

*'Fergit anything!’ says Perkiomen,
cuttin’ in. ‘With that mem'ry o' Jase's,
Dan'l,’ saya she, ‘you wouldn't think he
could fergit anything that ever was, an’
yit—well, Dan'l,' siys she, ‘sometimes
when | hear the things he kin recomember |
think he mus’ sartinly be older yet than
Methusaler,’ says she, ‘an’ then’ag'in when
T gee that his mem'ry don't reach fur enough
60's he kin recomember that there's wood
to cut seems to me that be can't be hardly
old enough yet to spank!’ says she,

“Bo I got the bucksaw an’ come away,
thinkin’ what a shamo it was that Perkiomen
sot setch triflin' store by Unclo Jase's
amazin' mem'ry. | was settin' in Simon's
store over to the Eddy when Jase come
in t'other day. He sat down onto the
wood box an’ says

*"Well,’ says he, ‘soap makin’ is all over
wunst more, an' I dunno when me an'
Perkiomen has turned out setch a proper
b'ilin’. An’ soap makin’ somehow always
sorty fetches along with it a little circum-
stance that happened when our folks lived
up to'rds the headwaters an’ I waa jest
Varnin’ how th squirm along on all fours,
comin’ five or six months old,

*'That little circumstance was me bein’
swooped down onto an’ soared away with

 

by an eagle, A ripsnortin' bald eagle, |
Dan'l, says Uncle Jase, sooin’ that I give
@ tolor'ble sized sort of a start on my cheer

an’ almost bit my pipe stomintwo., ‘An
eagle,’ says he, ‘that had a spread o' wing,
Dan'l,’ says he, ‘as fur as from here to the
pai) o' loose chawin' on tho counter yonder,

I was goin’ to say,’ says he, but if he had
‘a’ said it seers to mo I'd ‘a’ wolloped
him one right thore an’ then, fer from the
wood box whore he got to the pail o' loose

chawin' was all o' nineteen feet--an' Simon
knowed it, too, or he'd ‘a’ put tho pail be-
hind the counter.

*‘Jason,’ says J, a little stern an’ warnin’
like, but he didn't wail for me to git no
furder, He give aswaller that nade his
Adam's apple jump almost up ag'in bie
palate an’ eays ‘

“The day this ripsnortin’ bald eagle
@wooped down an’ soared away with me,’
says he, ‘my gran’mother was doin’ the
washin' out at the creek, an’ | was squirmin’
sround on the grase, havin’ plenty o' room
to l'arn to creep, ‘The b'iler o° hot soft
Bfoap waa handy by an’ gran'irother was

poundin'’ away at the wash, now an’ then

castin’ an eye around to see how 7 was
gittin’ along, when down from somer's
#wooped this eagle an’ socked its claws into
the thick part o’ my clethes
***Gran'mammy!"' | hollers ‘an ‘
*‘Jason!’ I riz up an’ altnest yelled. ‘You

hardly old enough to creep vit an’ callin’

 

 

PARK IN A hEDWOOD FOREST.

ae ee

The Most Unusual Playground in America
Given to Ban Franciseo.

The six cities about San Francisco Bay
are aoon to possess the most unusual play-
ground in America, a virgin forest of giant
redwoods standing within two hours ride
of the most distant of the six. This has
been made possible by the gift by William
Kent of Chicago of 205 acres of the redwood
timberland on the north slopes of Mount
Tamalpais to the United States Govern-
ment.

Mr. Kent made the gift under the act for
the preservation of American antiquities
of 1906. He made the transfer just in time
to prevent a water corporation from getting
possession of part of the beautiful forest
tract in order to construct a reservoir
there. The Department of the Interior
will now-take over the oontrol of Muir
Woods, as the new park has been named
by its donor im honor of John Muir, the

| forest lover and aocientist.

Muir Wooda is part of what wos once a
great tract of the Sempervirens, or Cali-

pln li orate

ween the tree trunks are choked with
wildwood ang the heavy, drooping, freace
of the giant California brake. ere is
not a spot, with the exception of the road
that winds through the park, that has
peon touched by the axe or the grubbing

08,

One who wishes a breath of the forest
takes the Sausalito ferry at the San Fren-
cisco slip and is carried over the bay in the
direction of the big mountain, where the
sleeping woman of Indian nd, with
chiselled face and widely flowing hair, is
outlined by the setting sun each night of
summer. On the north side of the bay the
Tamalpais train waits.

This is said to be the crookedest railroad
in the world, It olimbs up to the very top
of the mountain by many a twist and loop,
dieoloslng more and more of the panorama
of broa
ascends. Half way up the mountain a
spur track, very recently completed, takes

passenger over the shoulder of the
ridge and down within striking distance
of Muir Woods,

Here one finds himself high up over
the ocean, shut out from every trace of
the aprewiing cies about the bay by the
rough shoulder of the mountain. Cali-

fornia redwood, that covered the slopes | fornia and all its people are left behind

 

 

 

SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW PLAYGROUND.

 

of the big guardian mountain by the Golden
Gate and veiled all of the cafions thareabout
away up tothe broad Napa Valley. Withthe
sudden. birth of San Francisco on the sand-
hills this fortet of beautiful conifers melted
away, Most of the amoke that filled the
sky over San Francisco just two years ago

| was from the millions of feet of redwood

timber that had been cut around the base
of Mount Tamalpais to make the miles
of frame houses and little shops in the city
acroes the bay.

All the beauties that lie hidden in the

| shadow of a redwood forest Muir Woods

|
|

|

|
' Their Vietins Falling Dead Every Hour

out fer your gran'mother!' | yells. ‘Jason,
when Gabr'el blows an''

“But Uncle Jase cut me of ag’in:

*T hollered out, “Gran'ma@erey!"” ae it
were an’ to speak, ‘Dan'l,’ says he. ‘I had
arnt to say somethin’ that sounded like
*Google, google,” or somethin’ like that, |
ean’ our folks declared up an’ down that it
was “Gran'mammy' |] wassavin,' says Unele |
Jase, grinnin’ as he made bis explanation
‘So,’ says he, ‘it was “Gran'mammy” only

as it were an’ 60 to speak that I hollered

when the eagle swooved down onto me,’

says he, ‘fer what I hollered was “Google,
."

"Whether I hollered it voluntary or
whether the eagle siceed it out of me when
he landed on me I don't jest recomember
at this time, but gran'mother beerd it, an’

turnin’ ‘round elie aee the eagle tuggin’
away at me an’ tryin’ to lift mean’ sail away
with me.

*'Gran'mother was a woman who thunk

quick, an’ grabbin’ her soap ladle she dipped
{t full o’ hot soft soap an’ jumpin’ fer chat
eagle she upset the ladle o' soft soap on top

of his bald head. Vhe burnin’ stuff run
down into hia eyes an’ blinded him, an’ the
feelin's o' that eagle mebbe you kin im-
agine, Dan'l,’ says Uncle Jase. ‘They

must ‘a’ been termenjoua,' says he
“The eagle screamed an’ tried to git
away, but his claws was hooked fast in my
clothes an’ he couldn't. Gran'mother she
run hack fer another ladle o' soap, but the
le didn't want no more, an' makin’ one
all pervadin'’ surge he riz me'offen the
ground an' away he went up in the air with
me, him a-screechin’ an’ shakin’ his head
an’ me a-reachin’ my hands back an’ hol-
lerin’ “Gfan'mammy”—that is, Dan'l, as it
were an’ 80 to speak,’ says Uncle Jase,
seein’ me a-scowlin’

“Rut the eagle was blind aga bat, Dan’'l,’
says Uncle Jase, ‘an’ went flyin’ zigzag an’
haphazard around amongst the treetops,

unno how he done it, but somehow

he tangled mo up on the dead limb of a
tree by an’ by, as he wheeled an’ whirled
an’ batted an’ banged an’ seratched an’
screamed about, an’ the tamgle held so good
that he tore loose from me an’ went on hig
blind an’ screamin’ way, an’ what become
of him I never knowed.

*'But, Dan'l,’ says Uncle Jase, ‘there I
was, hangin’ at the end of that limb, tfift
foot or ao in the air, bollerin’ fer gran'‘-
mammy. Gran'mother she come runnin’
to the t, but there ain't no gran’mother
as ever lived that could reach up fifty foot
an’ pick a baby offen a limb, an’ so there
1 kep’ a-hangin’ “fer all the world,” gran’-
mother use to say, “like a hornet's* nest
fast to the limb.”

“If I'd had some gran'mothers, Dan'l,’
rays Uncle Jase, ‘it 'd been jest ae well
fer me if the eagle had gone on with me
an’ found his nest somehow an’ let his
family have me‘ fer supper as the leavin’
of me hangin’ to the limb was, but this
gran'mother wasn't the skeery kind,

““Shet up your hollerin', an quit your
wigglin’ on that limb!” she hollers up to
me. “Do you want to break your holt
an’ come bangin’ down here an’ squashin’
yourself like a punkin slung ag'in a stone
wall?” she hollers. ‘“Shet up an’ quit
er.

n' with that she goes acootin’ away.
But back she come ‘fore long carryin'
her big clothes basket full to the top with/
the clothes she'd been washing.
‘She set the basket o' clothes down
right under where | was hangin’ to the
limb, Then she clim’ that tree as fur as
the limb I was fast to, and jumpin’ up an’
down on it she joggled an’ jounced me so
that ‘fore 1 knowed my holt was shook loose
an’ down I went summersettin' over an’
over, an’ landed right side up in that basket
0’ clothes, safe an’ sound as if nothin’ had

happeiied.

PB ut there ain't no doubt, Dan'l,' says
Unele Jase, shakin’ his head an' lookin’
solemn, ‘that it'd ‘a’ gone purty ding hard
with me if I hadn't had a gran'mother who
thunk quick,’ says he4

“‘Jason,’ says I, ‘your gran'mother
mowt ‘a’ been a woman who thunk quick,’
says I, ‘but sbe ortn't ‘a’ sot an’ told you
setch stories as that,’ says |. ‘She ortn’t
a eyes your youthful mind with setch,'
6 '

“Uncle Jase looked at me a minute like

he didn't know whether he'd heerd me
right or not, an’ then he says:

“Told me ‘bout it!’ saya he. ‘Gran'-
mother told me ‘bout if! Why, great

grizaly hemlock, Dan'l!' says he. ‘I reco-
member it as if it was yisterday!’ save he.

“An' I said than, an' I say now, | wisht
Lbad a mem'ry fis as Unde Jase's got!"

|

 

have. Within the amall compass of the 296
acres comprising the tract there are fern

brakes deep enough to screen a man up to |

his shoulders, a brawling trout stream, open
sunny places where tha scarlet poppies
bloteh the brown hillsides in riotous ex-
travagance of color, and long. shadowed

| aisles between the tremendous trunks of

the century old trees

The park is in a long, twisted cafion,
ene of the grooves in the flank of Tamalpais.
Tae uf por part of the green sit in the moun-
tain is nigh up near the crest, its foot is near
the breakors of the ocean.

PRTICHISM KILLS THOUSANDS

‘crimes ov wire pocTorRs IN |

DARKEST AFRICA.

Over a Vast Domain—Potsen the Usual |
Weapon-—-The Fetich a Source of Wide+ |
spread Misery —White Men Fighting It. |

The whites in barbarous Africa say that |
in spite of the evils the white race has in-
flicted upon the natives, the good they are}
receiving, especially the protection to life |
and property which the new govern-
ments are giving them, vastly outweighs
the evil

All authorities have much to say of the
horrible misery which fetich doctors im- |
pose upon the natives. They assert that
fetichism is the cause of morecrimes and
suffering than all the native wars, epi-
demics and cannibalism that afflict parts
of the Dark Continent. These brutalities |
can be excused only because the people |
have always lived in savagery.

Lieut. Poupard of the French army,
who has been travelling thousands of miles
in the French Congo, says that the victims
of fetichism are falling every hour all over
that vast domain. Many of the victims
drop in their tracks and are dead in a few |
minutes,

‘They know who dealt them their death |
and so do all the natives, but they do not |
dare to breath his name. It ie the fetich
doctor who has caused poison stealthily
to be mixed with their food.

In January, 1906, while Poupard’s party
was passing through a fittle village they
saw a vigorous young map surrounded
by natives, who were acousing him of crime.
A bow] filled with a red fluid was given to
the young man, who drained it.

A few minutes later he fell on his face
and was soon dead. He was a victim of
the poison test. If his stomach had re-
fused to retain the liquid and he had lived
bie innocence of the crime would have
been proved. The poison killed him, aud
this was clear proof of his guilt.

Some days later at Mbeto the same party
heard a great hubbub and fgund a woman
on the ground covered with wounds. Her
jeft shoulder and her right forearm had
been cut to the bone, there was a gaping
wound in her hip and her body was covered
with contusions. , 4

She had received no care, though her in-
juries had been inflicted several days be-
fore. The white men came in time to save
her ‘life. They dressed her wounds and
cared for her until she was wefl.

She told them that her husband had
died and in the course of his interment
the fetich doctor cried out to the people,
that their friend had not died a natural
death,’ but his wives had killed him. All
the men in the village immediately set
upon the unfortunate women and only
one of them lived to describe the crime.

Poupard on another day came across
some women running at top speed with
babies on their backs, pursued by a crowd
of men who were hurling poisoned javelins
at them. The fetich doctor had acoused
these women of looking upon the bieri,
a sacred object that had been taken out
of its box for an airing. Any woman who
even inadvertently should look upon this
object would be put to death,

On the river Muni lives an old man with
twenty-two wives, some of whom are young
and attractive. For two years past it has
been observed that every young man who
has attempted to settle on the adjoining
lands has mysteriously died. There is no
doubt that the aged husband, in league
with the local fetich doctor, has brought
about their death.

Most of the tribés do not believe that a
man dies nat) tally. Some enemy is always

 

oo

 

t
| 4nd the primitive land of the days before
| even the padres came holds out its invita-

tion,

Before the return ig made to San Fran-
cisco and ite clustering suburbs one last
perma offers. That is the ascent to
the top of ’ ‘amalpais and the hour of watch-
ing the smothering of all the land and sea

| by the fog blanket.

As certain as the dropping of the sun is
the coming of the night fog in summer.
It piles up against the seaward ramparts
of the Golden Gate during all the afternoon,
and then before the sun has set the dammed
up sea of fog breaka through the Gate at
| the foot of Tamalpais and inundates all
the bay region as far inland as the tule
| marehes at the confluence cf the Sacra-
mento and San Joaquin rivers.

Frorn the top of the mountain high above
the waters of the bay the inrush of the fog
| appeare to be the flood water of a river

bursting its levee. Swiftly all the rniles
| of rolling hills, blue bay water and yellow
| fields below are blotted out by the cottony

white masses. and in theend nothing but the
| tips of neighboring mountains appear like
|
'

islands beaten by the surf.
Then the sun plumps 60 suddenly into
this smoky sea that a spray of rainbow

| iridescence seems to be cast up by bis fall

the cause of bis death, and the fetich doctor
ia brought into the case and points out the
criminal.

Mr. Bret found at Ndombo in October
last three natives weighed down by stones
at the bottom of a box where they had
lingered in agony for days hecause the
fetich doctor suspected that they had cast
a epell upon a boatman who had been
drowned in a shipwreck.

On February 13 last Commandant Moll
in a lecture before the Paris Geographical
Society told of bereaved widows who had
been compelled to take the poison test to
show who were responsible for their hus-
banda’ death. Some of the women gur-
vived because their friends gave presents
to the wizard, who thereupon mixed an in-
nocuous dose for them. The bodies of the
murdered women were eaten.

These are not isolated cases, but far and
wide over Africa superstition is still claim-
ing the lives of thousands. But the influ-
ence of the fetich doctor is already be-
ginning to decline because it is now a crime
severely punished under the laws of the
Congo Free State, the French Congo and al)
Rhodesia to practise the black arts of the
fetich doctor. The bonds in which he has
held the helpless people will some day be
broken.

— —— —__—____ -

RUSSIA'S POLYGLOT COLLEGES,

Thelr Unruly Students Gathered From All
Parts of the Empire.

Raron Paul Nicolay in Student World

The Ruesian student world does not repre-
sent a compact homogeneous mass of Rus-
sians, but reflects the variety of different na-
tionalities, which form 144,000,000 Inhabitants
of this empire and of its 100 or more l|an-
guages and dialects.

This is especially apparent ia the western
universities, in Yoorie (Dorpat), for exam-
ple, where the Polish, German, Lettish,
Fethonian and Russian students form distinct
groups, the last comprising, besides “great”
and “ 1" Russians, a number of Jews and
4 cers aced Armeaionp and (leorgians from

¢ Caucasus, These grou are not on
friendi, terms with cack other.

It ls imposgible before a correct census has
been taken to give an exact estimate of the
pumber of students in the eight universities
and about raion high technica} schools
for men and in the ten or eleven h gner inati-
tutions for women: but it is certain that the
number has of late greatly increased, having
risen in St. Petersburg from 14,600 in 1905 to
29,500, including about 8,400 women. The
total cannot be below 64,000. The students
are concentrated in @ few great centres, mak-
ing access for work among them easier. All
the universities and almost all the high teche
nical schools are non-residential,

The distinetly Russian class of students
produce on a foreigner an impression that is
not prepossessing. With the exception of a
few dandies in the capitals, they are mostly
extremely poor and crowd into the universi-
ties without financial means, in hope of find-
ing work or lessons to live on, and many are
almost starving. A foreigner will also be
struck by their unruliness, tack of restraint,
unrellabUity, lack of enterprise and of perse-
verance, and the more than loose way in
which _thgy regard the very worst forms of
sin, The sense of right and wrong seems to
be obliterated to a terrible extent,

Bué much must be said in favor of these
studgnts, to make up for these dark outlines.
RusBians are ap emotional people, quick to
feel and to act under imap feee, open to the
worst and to the best and highest Teluonese
You will hardly anv where find more warm
hearted, generous, unselfish people, once you
have won their affections, They are willing
to spend and he spent for a cause they have
eppeueed. A woman etudent, living on fifty
shillings a month, used to sive twent to her
Social Democratic rty. “What do you
sacrifice?” is a usua) question.

Wild Goose Story From Maine.
From the Kennebec Journal.

Here is a wild goose story from a South
Harpswell correspondent; Friday afternoon
as Edward H. Moody was working at Barne's
Island Cove be saw a large wild goose setting
in the edge of the water. © wind wae
blowing a good breeze at the time and the
goose had evidently got in the jea and was
taking his afternoon nap.

Mr. neeey orept up and seized him by
the neck and got one of the worst peesegs
e

 

Dee

is life from the wings of the bird, but
eld fast and took his prise home and has
him still alive, and will keep hhn to show to
is friends as a proof of the wondérful feat
¢ accompli

bay, mountain and ocean as it

MEN'S FASHIONS

LONDON RULES THEM ALL SAVE
IN THE DETAILS,

Italians Among the Best Dressed Men on
the Continent—Freaks of Clothes in
Germany—Paris influence on Eagiish
Btyles—New York Tallor’s Observations.

The report from London that tailors of
all nations are flocking to Biarritz to study
the clothes of King Edward and thereby
to learn London modes ought to satiafy
the patriotism of the English tailors, yet

jit is a fact that there are many persons
who have lost confidence in the overwhelm-
ing supremacy of the London designer.

It is not alone {n this country that there
is a disposition to be in a degree independent
of what London has to say about men’s
dress. Bven in other countries there is
no longer a slavish adoption of what London
says ie right. It is true rather that the
fashions of other countries have in recent
seasons bad an undeniable effect on the
dress of London. ,

Thid is seen more especially in the ten-
dency to wear tighter clothes.

“As a matter of fact,” said one of the
New York tailors who follow the plan of
the dressmakers and go twice a year to
Europe to see the newest developments
in styles, “London tailors would have been
dressing their customers as much like begs
as ever if they had not seen from the models
of men’s dreas that came from the Con-
tinent that there was a limit to looseness
as a characteristic of men's dress.

“Young men especially came to the con-
clusion that there was something in trignesa
and smartness. They saw young men of
other nations showing how slim and ath-
letic they were and decided that it was
not necessary for them to go about draped
i@ the loose garments that London tailors
considered the only possible kind.

“They impressed thia fact on their tailors
and the styles changed. The smartest
clothes of the day are rather tight fitting.
That is one effect of the despised Continental
fashions on London dress,”

This tailor goes into the details of his
profession with the interest of a savant
and has just made a tour of Europe to
study men's dress. He landed in Naples
when the men had just begun to put on
lighter weight clothes.

“Contrary to the usual impression,” he
said, “the Italians are well dreased men,
probably the beet dressed in Continental
Europe.

“This I attribute in part to the fact that
Italians are easy to fit. They keep their
figures. Corpulence under 50 is unusual
among men of the better class.

“The sack coats were particularly well
cut. Like the trousers, they differed from
the London styles in that they fitted the
figure somewhat more closely, although
they retain the best trait of the London
| cut in fitting tightly over the shoulders

only and not attempting to follow the lines
| of the waist and hips. The coats were
always out low enough in the neck to show
part of the waistcoat.

“In Germany there is little or nothing
to satisfy the American standard of dreas,

unless it is found among the men who are
dressed by the beat London tailors. The
wealthy officers and aristocrats wear Eng-
| lish clothes, and atand therefore in the
| class of the international dressers and
do not count as Germans.

“Moderate price tailora in Germany
vie with the moat expensive in turning
out appalling specimens of clothing. Re-

| motely they must follow geome modern
atyle, but their object seems to be to elim-
inate every trace of modishness.

“The military cut obsesses every German
tailor, who seeme to have the idea that
he is making a uniform. All German
clothes look like military uniforms gone
wrong.

“Shoulders are padded to ironlike atiff-
ness. Coats are cut so close to the bedy
that their wearera since the long sac
ecoate have become the fashion look like
sausages or dachshunds. Trousers must
fit as tightly as if they were to be strapped
down over the boots.

“This military idea floats before the
| eyes of every German tailor, whetever
may be the style of the year. Even dress
suits are made on the military pian, The

|

 

shoulders are padded out until they are |

equare and the body of the coat cut so
closely in to the figure that every line is
sorenied, whether or not it happens to be

the kind of figure adapted to euch revela-
tions. Many of the officers are of a phys-
ical type that makes such a fit very becom-
ing. When the round shouldered, paunch
civilian is dressed in the same inflexible
fashion the result is not nearly so suc-
cessful.
_ “In Vienna the men are much better
dressed when they make any pretence to
dressing well at all. Their clothes follow
muoh more closely the London models and
they have a suspicion of the Italian chic in
their cut.

“There is much leas pedding about the
clothes worn by the well dressed Austrians,
who have not the German desire for stiff-
ness and primness. Nor do coate fit so

| tightly as to show every curve, Austrians,
and one means by them also the men of

Budapest, take much more interest in drees-

ing than the men of Germany.

“One weakness will always preyent the
Germans from being as well d as
other Furopeans oras Americans, They find
too much delight in any patent contrivance
to save trouble in dreasing.

“If they can get anything that eaves time
in getting their clothes on they arehappy.
They dearly love a ready made necktie that

snaps into place under their collar button
‘ andetays there. They love a lar,
| tie that covers a flannel shirt comes up
to the celluloid collar which looks like
genuine linen. ;

“All these devices they call practical.
Any race that makes mere practicability

its ideal in dreas can never turn out emart
looking men. It is curious that a nation
which produces the finest looking officers
in the world, the best dressed and the smart.
est in the way they wear their uniforms,
should possess such a dreary looking lot of
civilians, .

“London models prevail in Franoe, and
several of the best known tailors in the
West End have branches by the Seine.
These establishments include among their
customers many Frenchmen, Tatlors come
over every two weeks for fittings.

“The outters are brought every fortnight
from London because the chmen feel
that they are getting the fashions much
more directly when the cutter does not
make his abode in Parise. These men defer
to the tastes of their foreign customers in a
way that has been powerful enough to affect
the London styles. —

*One of the firet influences to bring into
atyle the tighter clothes worn now by the
Englishmen came through the Paris ous-
tomers of the London tailors, They would
not accept the. London bagginess, No
Frenchman would ever feel himself dressed
while rolling around in so much room,

“The cutters who went over from London
saw the advan of this change in the
siyie and promptly introduoed it for those
at home that wanted it. Thus came into
existence the present etyle of wearing

gee clothes.

plastron

influence of a Continental taste on
London dress will have the effect of making
her arhjters of fashion a little broader in
the future. They will not try to be so
absolute in decrecing what is wrong or

right.

France had previously influenced men's
fashions in London, however. The light
walsvonste worn o a ones, the pale 2 Sawn

ves an w r ae

all thoes came from France. Ro did the

turned over standing an. poich 7 a

ago regarded as a 0 freak only to

be laughed at ey, Prue Anglo-Saxons,

Se long as the of nciead Dee bis

chirte made in the A} vais and

wea Englishmen go « for their

boots France will have some influence on
London fashions." _

Maybe the Raliread on the Evidences of 6
Baro Door Will Have to Pay $14 430,

Lancaster, Mo., April 26.—At twilight on
April 20, 1904, Charles C, Dean made # mark
on bis barn door at Zola with a piece of red
chalk, Next evening he executed with the
game material a twin brother to the first.
He kept this up until there was no more
room on the barn door. ‘

Each mark represented a day gone &
no trains stopping at Zola, which failure
of trains to stop was a violation of 4 con-
tract Mr. Dean made with the Keokuk and
Western Railroad in 1987, when he deeded

land to the company. There is a Missouri

tute which says that when a railroad
adoepts a deed to land for a station, switch
yards and other purposes, if a village grows
up there the road must maintain ite service
or forfeit to the schoo! fund of the county
$10 for every day it suffers such service to
be withdrawn.

Mr. Dean owned the land on which the
village of Zola developed. He pointed out
to the Keokuk and Western folks that the
Wabash road was getting all the fat hogs
and steers thereabouts by way vf its own
town of Coatesville, about a mile 4gd a half
away. The K. & W, folks came out in @
private car, looked over the country with
fleld glasses and told Dean

he had guessed
right. 4

Then Dean offered to dopate a town site,
ptation grounds and all, on condition that
the railroad should stop its trains there.
The offer was snapped up and the road did
all nominated in the bond.

A couple of cottages and a store followed
the station. Then Uncle Sam sept 4 man
out to the north Missouri prairie and be
established a post office and some rural
routes, Zola was on the map and Farmer
Dean was contented.

He was a great admirer of the French
writer and he had done what he could to
perpetuate his name in America. It had
been his ambition to found a real town and
| he had made good. Zola stood for liberty
| and progressiveness, and 60 did his name-

sake here,
| Dean was Mayor, justice of the peace,

tl leading citizen, the most prominent

stcok raisor, Whon he travelled on the
| railroad the conductors and train crews
| addressed him as Colonel,

Now industries developed apace. The
storekeeper put in a corn sheller, the town
erected a watering trough and a windmill,
and the postmaster constructod @ platform
for women to alight from wagons.

When the trains came in sight they would
whistle and ring the bell so as t) warn
people to look oyt for the cars, @
they would stop at the station the same as
they do in Chicago and New York, &c. The

| leading citizen, the merchant and the post-
master would meet all trains 60 as to extend
the glad hand to any stranger who might
happen in and to direct him about to pre-
vent his getting swallowed up in the roar of

Zola's metropolitan traffic,

'

NO TRAINS STOP AT BOLA NOW.

 

There were streets, alleys and :
out-

—on r—and suburbs covering al]
doors, Laws wore passed and posted in the
post ofice probibiting fast criving in town,
advising against whittling on the thor-
oughfares and shooting out the street lights.
Of course this was sim |’ a warnl@g fo
careless visitors from the country, The
local population krrew better.

During the days of atorm and snow on
the prairie the town would assemble in the
station and the agent would catch from
the wires the bulletins about a prizefight
somewhere or a political convention or
some other patriotic event and pags it out
to his fellow citizens, and then after working
hours they would gather around the mer-
ch&nt’s eve ane discuss the day's news
far into the night. @

So well did the citizens of Zola become
acquainted with the train crews that they
could call every man by his first name, and
they felt themselves entirely free to offer a
chew of tobacco in case the men of the road
were out. As for the crews, they developed
a warm feeling for the people of Zola, and
all of ther would get off on the platform and
shake hands all ‘round, ask pertinent quea-
tions about crops and the weather and
then drive on,

If the people of Zola happened to be
eating a watermelon when the train came
along they would slice it so that the con-
ductor, engineer, butoffer, 4c., could share
equally, and the train wes held until hos-
pitality was satisfied. There wae none of
that crazy scramble to keep moving in the

good old days. _

These circumstances are cited incidentally

| to ehow the natural grief that possessed Mr.

Dean when he saw the wrecker train stop,

| cut out the telegraph instrument and load
the little station ona pair of flats. It meant
the extinguishment of Zola.

| The merfchant left next, and then the
postmaster. Mr. Dean became the only
citizen, the same as it was in the days
when the coyote and the jack rabbit were
his neareet neighbors. The vrains, which
are now operated by the Burlington system, -
wouldn't even toot as they. whizzed by.
The crews acted like aliens, fegetting the
tobaceo and the watermelons

Mr. Dean said there ought to be a law
againstit. The prosecuting attorney found
something that seemed to coverit, and the
gole survivor went to work making chalk
marks on his barn door.

A careful computation showed 1,443 marks
on a certain day in early April. He had
the door photographed and swore to the
account before the prosecuting attorney.

| The marks, each representing one day's
failure of train servioe, come to an aggre-
gate of $14,430, which the prosecuting
attorney of Schuyler county figures the
railroad owes the schoo! fund on the in-
formation of Mr. Dean. As the station
which was carted off was worth only $200
it might have been money in the road's
pocket to let it ony.

In the event of a recovery none of the
prize money will go to Mr. Dean. But
that is nothing. There's a principle in the
thing. The public can't be damned with
impunity.

Lion Hanter Gets a Maaling.

From the London Globe.
G, Fowel| Buxton of Norwich has received
news that his son, Major G. C. Buxton, has
had ap exciting encounter with @ jion while
shooting near Nairobi in East Africa
The lion was wounded, but charged Major
Buxton end mauled bim badly, especiajly
his right att. The Somat gun bearer, who
gallantly rushed in to the reseue of bis master,
wae Al severely wounded by the enraged
miles of the place and attended to Major
Buxton’s injuries, The gallant officer is
progressing favorably and bis right aria
‘rill probably be saved.

A couple of months ago Major Buxton
bagged three lions before breakfast one
morning.

 

Pacife Coast Dislikes Paper Money.
From the Baltimore American,

“I wonder why it is that you Eastern people
use 806 much paper money,” said Thomas (i.
Clyde of San Francisco,

“When one gets weet of the Rocky Moun-
tains business transactions are mostly in
specie, and out on the Pacific coast we use
hardly anything but gold and silver coin.
I hear that in this part of the land the public
is rather prejudiced against gold and silver.
In our town and all along the const if you
present a $0 check to @ benk cashier he
will give you a couple of $20 gold pieces, a
$5 piece and the rest in silver if you ask for
change. Of course out our way it is @ rare
sight to see a man ‘flash a roll,’ pe seems to
be cemmon with a certain class in the East,
but we prefer to stick to our clean and at-
tractive money.”

Key Chiselled From Block of Steel.

From the Philadelphia Bulletin,

J. HW. A, Klauder, an art connoisseur of this
city, is one of the few Americans sufficiently
astute to go in for the collection of old keys.

“In the past,” said Mr. Klauder recently,
“the finest artists worked on keys. Count
Adolphe de Rothachild has a key made by

Beavenuto Cellini. {t is chiselled from a
great block of steel and represents two
Fea retreat Weal

ides, a number of superb ok an scroll
ornaments. For this key Count Rothschild

paid 86,500.
“The best work of the old

——

ide
silversmiiths is found po leas bere asd
i mairrorh, cups and salt cruete.

ww,

then:

Aickily a doctor was within-tweity |

BAD A SURE THING IN PARIS

EXILED TOUT PLUNGED ON A
FRENCH SNAIL RACE,

‘| Slippers Simmons Home Again With Stery
of the Ingratitode of M. Henri Bubust
and the Loss of His Bank Roll Through
an Application of Salt te the Becers.

Blippers Simmons blew into the -
dock at Aqueduct at the opening ang set
the racing universe in motion, He was an
unexpected windfall, He had wired from
Paris that all was well with the sport of
kings over there, and the railbirds made
books with small change that he would
stick where the going wasgood, But his
mucilage was thin.

“I'm straight from the boulevards, and

for good,” he said with emphasis. “The
parleyvoos have got the Indians beat a
mile on sign language, but they're eure
dippy on straight goods.
' “Which specification inpludes a former
friond of mine named Dubust, whom |
picked up on the Roo Boullemash. He
was the goods, all right, an I've got no
protest coming; but the way he doped me
into plunging on a crooked gnail race would
| See turned Larry Summerfield yellow
with envy. Game for the dream?

“When I picked M. Henri Dybust out of a |

hole dug in his pockets by spades being
trumps at the wrong time I thought I had
unearthed a grateful recipient who would
put me wise to certain uncertein proposi-
tions which come to the greenhorn from
old New helle. Gratitude? It simply
oozed out of his joints and into the at
mosphere like the op on a come Bem in
the swamps beyond Sheepshead Bay.

“As long as I poe the oarfare and let
Harry work in his old transfer tickets he
was the man on the job and working over-
time. He couldn't do enough for me.
Then when I eased up on the bank he
eased up on the gratitude, and whea he
found he couldn't do me for enough he

rang off and gave me the double cross,

*'Ket ees one new—what you call?-
sensation, to-night,’ he says, as he ran
me dawn one evening. ‘Ket eos ze gra-a-nd
excitement of horseracing with ze horses
left out,’ he says. ‘Come wit me and I
will show ge wamne--and bring ze tremen-
dous roll,’ he adde with a Fin.

“Well, he walked me down along the
Seine into an alley, Somewhere in the
alley we stopped in front of a café, It
was just a plain ginmill, but there was
something out of the ordinary scheduled
to take place inside.

“The crowd gave thataway. There was
a mob of sports, and they were all going
in and none coming out, and the noise that
filtered through the door was the dip of a
phonograph foundry six weeks behind
on its rush orders.

“Now for ze sport of sports!’ exclaims
Henri, ducking into the café and pulling
me into a back room with the mob.

*True as Flive, the room wasn't big enough
to hold Teddy's Wnanias Club, yet there
seemed to be enough people in it to fill the
erpeecrenne. Along the sides were rows
of benches rising behind one another almost
to the oeiling, and all filled,

“At the far end was a space clear of fur-
niture and packed with a masa of crazy
parleyvoos yelling bloody murder at a
pair of little men in white vests who were
seated behind a railing filling dope sheets
with ink.

“‘What's the game?’ J asked, kiving
Henri a nudge to look. ‘If it’s a French
pockeem I'm off, because I don’t like your
rand of telegraph operators. I've heen
pencueres by that particular kind of honey
pee before,’ I says. And 1 had.

“Cannot you comprehend ze opectacte?
replied M, Dubust, eying me indignantly:
‘Ret ees ze race meet. Ze populace zey
are in ze betting ring who have ze money.
Ze remainder have oocupy ze benches
--what you call?—ze grand stand. Fet
ees ze fra-a-nd race meet, and in ze centre
of ze building is ze race course.’

“I didn't have a microseope with me so I
aquinted carefully down the room. Then
T turned pale and leaned against Henri
for support. You couldn't blame me.

“In the epotiight of an aro lamp hung
above the middle of the room was a billiard
table, and on this billiard ta ble was a whole
recing establishment, no less. Along the
middie of the table ran a track marked off
with little wooden fences about an inch
high~—a track about six feet long, a foot
wide and straightaway. And at the har-
rier were six entries for the first event,
lined up and waiting for the signa).

“And the entrie# were snails—ordinary
garden snails, each with a little white shell
on its back, and horna, with eyes on the
ends of the horns which eyed the barrier
intelligently. They were the hlooded aris-
tocracy of the soni) turf all right.

"At least they all looked good to me
except the smallest snail, which seemed
off color and outclassed generally. There
was a number 6 on his shel!, and I wouldn't
have backed him myself in a race against
five eutries of Little Neck clams.

“'Are you ane to play Seex wiz ze tre-
} mendous bank roll at 10 to 1 to win?’ asked

Dubust, while F looked over the fleld.

“Tam not!’ I says shortly.

“You are!’ says Harry, slapping me on
the back. ‘You could not help eet. I have

 

ge race meet fixed,’ he says. ‘I have pald a

in ve café some and make
sina

eet ees time, he will
“Fire!” In se conteston we Ughts
ves by me and ze

populace will run into ze atreet in alarm.
‘Before #6 lace return I will have
sprinkle galt on ve five enail on whom we do
not plunge, and ze favorites will melt and hy
wi call?—out of ze commission

They will be not at ail.

*‘and Seex will win ve race meet. Now
will you, pace we gra-a-nd eplash of x
bank ro

*I gasped. ‘I ain't no three card monte
man—nor yet & fool,’ I says, shaking my
‘The mob won't stand for a play lik»

nd,’

‘Calm yourself,’ replies Dubust. ‘They
will etand for anything. We are in a place
of ae innocents. ey have been clean out
before. Ze play cet will iM because I have
—what you call?—pull with 2e bookmakers
Eet ees ze sure thing, and we will laugh ze
haha after ze finish. '

“What could Ido? I was in the hands of
my friend. I forked over 4 fat wad and let
Harry work hia way into the betting ring
and invest it ma crooked plunge on anails

“What a yell wentup! Woe-—or was it 1’.
happened to be just in time to make up a
niee substantial book. I could have ha
five hundred drinks in five seconds had |
been off the water wagon—and as for cigars,
my pookets were bulging with importe!
Pennsylvania Havanas a4 fast as I could

} . [was the good thing, all right.

“Just then a skate with a com-
plexion and @ face like Monday morning
shot off a cap pistol and the race was on

“How fast does ‘w racing snail travel’
Ask me! I've seen a Fulton street horse
car gambol faster, and I've seen the Finpire
State Express run a8 slow—just before
train time.

“At any rate, the bunch was going some
| after they struck the pace. And little No. 4
was in the ruck, as | expected. His shell

wasn't on straight or he had a stone bruise,
or something, Anyhow, at the quarter he
was trailing the string and losing ground
ment,
*'T hated to be made a monkey of before
a crowd of French sports, but I wes for
uy was guye t Was Ine it
toons foth and looked at the came wit!
an eye ike Liberty on a lead half dollar
“And while I was standing pat the cha
in the café yelled, ‘Fire!’ and somebocly ~it
may have Coon Dubust—turned the lights
out a8 per agreement,
*I don’t remember precisely what didnt
happen during the next forty-five seconds

because I had my corns stepped on seven
I wag hit in the appendicitis

. an r
by the end of a bench that had tipped over
intherush. In my opinion the mob wen’ a

ha-

througly the door of the café at once
cause (here was a big noisé--and ther
all of a sudden there was no noise at ali,
except for M. Henri Dybust, who wae
shuff_ing around in the dark trying
strike a match on his inexprossibles
“Then he lit one, and I heard him pouring
out salt lavishly upon the ontries. ‘Fet
oes all right,’ he whispered, ‘| have salted
ze racehorses.’ Then | heard him das)
for a window, and he went out of it ike
a clown through a paper hoop. And l
never saw him again.
“Pretty soon the mob began to straggie
back into the room. I was a bit scare
beacause Dubust seemed to have flow the
coop, and I knew I was financiering
wate:® proposition that was without hor-
tom. "What would bappen to me wha
the parleyvoos found that théy had bear
plunging on little heaps of salt. with only
entry No. 6 alive to reach the tape’
| “f realized the consequences and I edged
toward the door of escape, and determined
to send Dubust around in the morning
to collect the killing oe the losers had
‘one home to sleep it o
° “But ILwastcolate, Somebody—it wasn't
| Dubust, all right—turned on the lights
| and 500 parleyvoos dashed as one for the

ng side.

ribs roar that went up could have been

| heard through a telephone wire at the
north le. A revolution turned iato an
imperial jubilee would have had nothing

on it And it was a roar that was note

roar. It wasa yell of joy. .

“And then somebody saw me going out
In a moment I was grabbed and pulled
and dragged down by the race course,

| with my hat oversone eye and the thumb

of an excited Parisian eticking into the
other.

“J shook off the hat and the thumb, ard
looked. Then [ turned green, and my
aot Seges to rise like spring grass in the
park.
| “Imagine!
“There was one little heap of watered

salt, where once a anail had n, and the

remaining five shel! games were crawling
toward the finish line, leaving the salt and

the little white shell of entry No. 6 as a

monument to the diabolical genius of a

French sport oamed Dubust.”

 

| To Chase Wolves in Oklahoma.
j Blanchard correapondence hansaa Cily Star

The great wolf hunt which was announced
to take place here has been set for May \4
13 and 16. This promises to be the greatest
chase that has*ver taken place in the West,
as it will be held at a time when the weather
will be pleasant and all comers may en)
the sport. Jt will be conducted after tne
order of the chases held in England, only o
a larger scale.

j herp have beep tip to the presen! |
185 trained dogs from severa! States eutere!
and the manager expects fully 100 more

It will be only a short time before this
sport will be a thing of the past and Obia-
homans wish té make thie a chase long to be
remembered by all who come

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

ODRE00R00000008

BROO
|

 
  
  

(tae wel

EAE S Eis

Selected Quarter Oak. |

high. French bevel! mir-
ror, 40 x 18in. Moulded | front.

front. Finished inside. , syowee, Kin
Handsomely carved and | oore
raed ease

‘ | |

oS

Sw See

e

ett we pres

s-

&

Buifet Sale
ce

a RNA AN A ek

Tt XY
Bo Sol

 

$40

Regular Price $57. Each

Selected Quarter Oak.

4ft. 6in. wide; 6 ft. i1in, | 4 ft. 2{n. wide; & ft. 10 in.
' 7 . French bevel mir- S
lror, 40 x 12in, Moulded high. French bevel plate

Finished inside, 44 x 14 in.

‘| LONG CREDIT

Carpets, Draperies, Bedding,
Housefurnishings
559-571 FULTON STREET, BROOKLYN ¢
WOOT OT OE 000600888800

} BROOKLYN ADVERTISHUMENTS.
' wenn Bn Arn mre anne .

BO00 002

KL YN

 

% 2253088

_ = ee . eee

3

  
 
  
 

*

iV)

dea OAS

   

  

yeaa |
A fag \
TRG H 4
ee
“4 i) a bs

  

 

Selected Quarter (a)
4 ft. 6 in. wide; 6 ft. 4 ir

Handsomely

ed. Leaded , carved and finished
aueat pom Drawer lined and finishec
| inside,

ys 5

~SMGE vs

Ps