-

THIRD SECTION.

 

 

YOUNG MEN GOVERN ENGLAND

—_-—-

AVERAGE AGE OF NEW BRITISH
CABINET VERY LOW.

— eee

Two Garters for King Edward to Bestow
—Massalman Wemen Appeal te Dama
~—Katser’s Head on Postage Stamps
—Amasing Anecdotes by Sneyd Kin-
nersley—Encke'’s Comet Probably

. émashed—Mysterions New Disease in

| Neorway—Plet to Kidnap Queen Victoria

* —Deadheads and Paris Theatres—Ap-
peals for the Birds Pass Unheeded.

Lonpon, April 15.~The Cabinet has been
reconstructed, and except in one or two of
the minor Ministeria] posts, which do not
carry with them seats in the Cabinet, the
changes had nearly all been discounted by
the “intelligent antioipation” of the un-
official Cabinet makers.

The peerage conferred upon Johh Morley
virtually amounts to a life peerage, for he
has no son. As was to be expected Mr.
Morley desired to retain hie surname jn his
title, and as there is already an Earl of
Morley in the House of Lords it will be
necessary to add some place name toit, as
Lord James of Herefo d and Lord Court-
ney of Penwith have done in similar oir-
cumstances.

To console him for the loss of the Colonial
Office a mirquisate was offered to Lord
Figin, but it is hardly surprising that he
refused it, A step in the peerage would
be poor compensation for the loss of a seat
in the Cabinet,

 

Regarding the reconstruoted Administra-
tion a6 a whole, one of the things most re-
marked about it is ite youth, Considering
the newoomers only, five members of the
Administration | ave retired and five new
men have been brought in. The average
age of the outgoers is 61; that of the in-
comers is 39,

The following table shows the age of all
the members of the Government. Taken
altogether the Cabinet is younger in average
age than any Ministry of the ‘ast half
century.

Age Ag.

Mr. Asquith... SS Dr. Macnamara........ #4
Lord Loreburn.. 62\ Mr. Lambert eT
Lord Crewe... Lord Lucas . 2
Lord Tweedmouth. .. 6@' Mr. Acland, .......... “4
yereve of Ripon.... © Mr. H, Samuel ...... &
Mr, Gladstone,,....... 54) Lord Fitzmaurice , 42
Sir B. Grey........+.-. @ICOl, BONY... cc ceeess 0
Mr, Haldane . ., 62) Mr, Buchanan.......... @
Mr, Morley,. 69| Mr, Kearley... 52
Mr. Lioyd-George #) Mr, Masterman 8
Mr McKenna ‘ . # Mr, McKinnon Wood... 53
Capt, Slaciair..,...... 48|Mr, Hobhouse,, . 4A
Mr, Churehill,,..c.... 83) Mr, Whiteley., 58
Mr, John Burns. “9 aur d: & ‘ease., ra
Lord Carrington , 66) Mr. J, H. Lewis 0
Mr, Runciman........ % Capt, Norton........,. 58
5 Fowler......... 16| Mr, Whitley............. 42
MET si cisicss 54| Mr, Causton., ‘ 65
Mr, Buston......... , 6) Mr. A. Ure BS
Mr. Harcourt . Sir 8, Walker aveats
Sir W. S. Robson.,.... S8\Parlof Aberivon,..... #1
rS, T. Evane........ @) Mr, Cherry............. 4

hs w.. . BS)

 

Lord Lucas, Under Secretary for the War
Office, is the youngest member of the Gov-
ernment, being only 82. He lost a leg from
wounds received in South Africa, though
none would think it who saw him riding and
even hunting and going hard with hounds
in the New Forest.

His father, Auberon Herbert, was a brill-
fant politician, He succeeded in estab-
lishing his right to the dormant peerage he
now holda, seouring it through his mother's
descent. His sister, the Hon, Nan Herbert,
is a disciple of Mra. Kate Tingley, the theoe-
ophist, and has given or lent her estate at
Ringwood, in the New Forest, to establish
a Tingley phalanstery.

It does not seem to be generally known
that the retiring Premier is a man of very
great wealth. His father, Sir James Camp-
bell, Lord Provost of Glasgow, was a
stanch Tory and the head of a great retail
business. From him C-B inherited one
large fortune, From his uncle, William
Campbell, he inherited a second, anda third
from his maternal uncle, Henry Banner-
man, whose name he adopted.

He was trained to business habits, put
vent through both Glasgow University
and Cambridge, Trinity College, where
he took both classical and mathematica!
honors. He firat entered Parliament in
1868 as Liberal member for the Stirling
Rurghs, and represented that constituency
without a break till his retirement.

The death of two Knights of the Garter
leaves two blue ribbons for King Edward
to bestow. The Ear! of Crewe will un-
doubtedly receive one of the orders. He
has earned this honor by publio services,
and the star and blue ribbon will probably
be given to him some time in May.

There has been no definite decision as
to who will be the recipient of the other
order, but it is supposed that the King will
present it to the young Crown Prince of
Sweden, for whom he haa a great fondness
and who is admirably suited for this dis-
tinction both in character and in ability
as weilas rank. Besides, he is closely con-
nected with England as he is the husband
of Princess Margaret of Connaught.

The young Queen of Spain has openly ex-
pressed her desire to possess a blue ribbon
of the Garter os her grandmother did, but
her wish is not likely to be gratified. In
the carly deysof the order there were Ladies
as well as Knighte of the Garter, but they
ceased to exist many centuries ago, and
nowadays the Garter ia not given to any
woman but the sovereign Queen or the
Queen Consort of England. Queen Alex-
endra wears it more often than any of her
other decorations and of course prizes it
more highly.

The euffragette raised her voices in Lon-
don. In a little While there came a faint
echo from New York. And now an an-
svering cry is heard from the East.

The spirit of the Mussulman woman has
stirred within her, and abe seeks to make
herself heard in the Duma of St. Petersburg.

  
  
 

At Orenburg, Russia, the Mo-
hammedan ve formed the follow-
ing plainti the Mussulman Dep-
uties in t

Although religion made ve free,

we are oppressed by our ignorant despots of
busbands and like slaves we are compelled
to submit to their caprices,

The Chariat prescribes that women have
the right to study, to travel, to pray in the
mosques, to make pilgrimages to Mecca, to
engage inall branches of trade, to sign bills
e! exchange and to be sisters of charity,
Mussulman women exercise this right in
Arabia and other countries, where they have
founded various societies, built mosquca and
organized charitable institutions,

Many have written books, and among them
ere eeveral famous authors and poets. Our
Prophet's wife accompanied him to the wars
and studied science and foreign writers,
Xow our husbands prevent us even from
studyieg our own religion. We are pot al-
lowe to read religious books,

ur brew savants, who are proud of their
designation, ere couniving with Black Hun-
dred Journalists against our emancipation

inaindinenineninininpmntinareeninniniaiasniiinsigee

SaaS SanEepeeeaedoaetaeieanceen

ee

They wish us to remain ‘orever in ignorance.
Our husbands deprive us of liberty and keep
Us confined within four walls.

They take unto themselves women who
please thein and have many wives. As for
us, We are condemned to live in @ state of
continual oppression and in the majority of
cases (to die a premature death trom pul-
monary or other causes,

The Chariat gives us many rights, and
husbands may not look pon strange women
with eyes of covetovsness. Yet the majority
of them lead a dissolute life and amuse them-
selves in restaurants, hotels and other places
of entertainment,

We realize that we, although Mussulman
women, are also human beings, Mussulman
deputies, it is your duty to demand all
rights for Mussulman women 4

You must obtain lawa which will safeguard
vs from the arbitrariness of our husband
despots, from oppression and martyrdom—
yes, martyrdom, We are the mothers of the
people, the companions of men: the education
and progress of the people lies in our hands
If men do not change their attitude toward us,
let them know that the day will come when
they too will be slaves, and then the whole
Mussulman race will perish,

A paragraph has been going the rounds
recently which tells how King Edward,
when Prince of Wales, carried a pony up-
stairs at Windsor Castle. The only founda-
tion for the story seems to lie in the fact that
once two ponies were carried downstairs at
Windsor, not by the Prince of Wales, but by
Col, Frank Burnaby.

The Royal Horse Guards were on duty at
Windsor at the time, when somebody in
the regiment became the owner of two extra-
diminutive Shetland ponies. One afternoon
Queen Victoria, who had heard much of the
ponies, inapected them in the presence of
the owner and éome other officers of the
regiment. The inspection over it was sug-
gested to walk the little animals up into
Burnaby's rooms, look them in there and
await devolopments.

Burnaby, the strong man of the British
Army, in due time found the visitors, dressed
for meses, and when he came downstairs
carried a pony under each arm. And that's
how pony carrying happened at Windsor,

 

The London cabby does not approve of
these latter day parliaments. Palace Yard,
outside the House of Commons, has a stand
for a hundred cabs, but rarely nowadays
are there more than a dozen waiting there,
An officia] of the House explains it in the fol-
lowing way:

“Ten years ago tho cabs at night would
sometimes fill the yard, and an overflow rank
would stretch right across Westminster
bridge. In those days they were sure of a
fare, and it always paid them to wait,

“Nowadays cabmen shun the neighbor-
hood, As for the taxicab, you cannot get
one to 6tay a minute in the yard, It drops
its fare and is off at once.

“Our members are walking more, They
take the Underground Railway or an
omnibus, the early rising of the House
keeping them from dependence on the cab-
man,

“And you must remember that the House
was onoe a body of county magnates, land.
owners and rich merchants. That clase is
disappearing, and to many of our modern
members @ cab fare seems an unnecessary
expense that can be saved,”

 

A Paris paper records a triumph for the
Kaiser, Alone of all the ruling sovereigns
of Europe the Kaiser, it says, has not his
head on the stamps of his dominions,

The opposition of the divers princes of
Germany whose territories compose the
German Empire deprives the Kaiser of
what would be to him a matter of intense
satisfaction at seeing his vignette circulating
around the world, He has done all in his
power to bring bis kingleta into line, and
in 1900 they proposed that each State should
issue ‘ts own stamps, as had been tho cus-
tom prior to 1870, j

The Kaiser was horrified at the suggestion,
and then an idea occurred to him to have
Germania on the stamps. The proposal
was accepted, and we learn that Germania
is no other than the Empress herself.

Now, we are told, comes the Kaiser's
triumph, The time ior the present stamps
to be altered has arrived and the Kaiser
has borne down all opposition, and the
august head of the Emperor will appear
on the next issue, and thus we are to have

 

 

a symbol of the sovereignty of which the
Kaiser has always dreamed, for “he has
turned the petty kings into prefecte and
now will reign over a people knowing no
other name than Germany, recalling with
bitter regret that Prussia, Bavaria, Wirt-
temberg and Baden were French prov-
inces under Louis XI,”

 

Mr. Sneyd Kinnersley in his *Memoire
of an Inspector of Schools” tella some
good stories. Here is one of Monsignor
Talbot, who was preaching in London
and mentioned that he had just received
a letter from the Pope: He would read
it to them, the account says, and he begged

| that they would remember that, the Pope

{ being the vice-regent of the Almighty
they should regard it as a voice from the
unseen world. He would now begin.

“My Dran Monstonor: Jt is very hot here.”

Church and State agree in the following
anecdotes on a certain elasticity in the
moral code: Bishop Wilberforce, famous
as “Soapy Sam,” went to a provincial town
for some function, The clergy and others
met in the assembly room of the chief hotel
before the procession through the streets.

While they were robing an elderly farmer
oame hurriedly into the room, made straight
sfor the Bishop and greeted him heartily.

“How do you do-o?” gaid the Bishop.
“So glad to see you. How is the old gray?"

“Very hearty, thank ye, my lord; and the
gray mare, too; very good of your lordship
to remember the old lass.”

*So-o glad,” purred the Bishop. *So good
of you to come. Good-by.”

“Who's your friend?” said one when the
door was shut. ;

“Really, I have no idea,”

*Why, you asked him after his old gray.”

“Yes,” replied the Bishop, reproachfully,
“but when you see a man with a great coat
covered with gray haira you may assume
that he has been driving a gray horse.”

The companion story is of Lord Palmer-
ston. Lord Palmerston and Sir J. Paget,
who told the story, were walking down
Bond street, A man came up and saluted
the statesman.

*How do you do, Lord Palmerston?”

“Ah, how do? Glad to see you. How's
the old complaint?”

The stranger's face clouded over and he
shook his head. “No better.”

“Dear me; so sorry; glad to have met you.
Good-by.”

“Who's your friend?” asked Sir James
when the stranger was gone.

“No idea.”

*Why, you asked about his old com-
plaint.” :

“Pooh, pooh!” replied the other, uncon-
cernedly, “the old fellow's well over 60;
bound to have something the matter with
him.”

This is a fishing story the inspector heard
after dinner:

“I was fishing for trout in the Weet Riding
and a farmer offered to show me the way
and gave me some hints. He pointed out
the best pool to begin on, advised a par-
ticular fly, and specially charged me when I
hooked a trout not to let the line get slack
or the fish would get clear.

“A big trout took the farmer's pet fly and
by bad luck I stumbled against @ root, let
the line slack as I fell, and In a moment the
fish drew the line over a sharp edged rock,
out it and sank.

“Now watch him,’ aid the farmer.

“I saw the trout slowly rise and awim to
a log that checked the current; there it
worked with its mouth against the wood
till it had extracted the hook; it caught the
hook between ite jaws, swam close to the
log and deliberately planted it with ite barb
fixed in the soft wood. Finally’ it drew
back and contemplated its trophies. There
was a complete row. January, February,
March, April, the May fly-—”

But at this point a shout of indignant
laughter cut short the list.

European astronomers are now asking
what has happened to Encxe's comet.
This wanderer of the heavens was due to
reappear early this year.

Prof. Wolf of the Konigatuh! Observatory
at Heidelberg not long ago discovered by
photographic means a new comet, 108A,
near the spot where Encke's was to have
made its appearance, and in fact the as-

 

 

 

tronomer at firat took the new arrival to be
the expected visitor, But although the
orbit of Encke's comet is known to be eub-
ject to perturbations by the attraction of
certain planeta, the difference between the
calculations and the orbit of the newcomer
was 80 considerable that doubte presently
arose as to the identity of the comet just
observed,

Profs. Backlund of Pulkowo and Ruasin
and Ebell of the Kiel Observatory have
now published the result of their exhaustive
investigations, which indicate that Encke's
comet must have aplit up into fractions,
the largest part of which is the object ob-
served in ita new trajectory. That an
interesting cosmic event has taken place
seems certain, the astronomers say.

 

According to the April number of. the
German art journal, Kunat und Kiinsller,
a curious conflict has arisen in a provincial
Prussian town, the court room of which
was to be decorated with panel paintings
by a well known artist. The latter chose
for the subject of the panel facing the seat
of justice the action of Pontius Pilate when
he “took water and washed his hands before
the multitude, saying: ‘I am innocent of
the blood of this just person; see ye to it,’ *

The barristers practising in the court
raised strong objections, holding that the
subject seriously reflected on the integrity
of the dispenser of justice and that it was
open to an interpretation dérogatory to the
profession generally. Their united influ- |
ence has brought about an order for the
removal of the picture,

That it is @ production of artistic merit
far above the average they do not deny,
but the lawyers prevailed, and go the artist
ig left with the painting on his hands and is
now looking for a church or meeting hall
where legal objections would not arise.

 

 

A mysterious disease has been raging
in Christiania forthe last month. It pre-
sented the firgt symptoms of acute influenza, |
but especially attacked the throat and gen- |
erally ended in paralysis of the limbs

The doctors at first were completely
baffled and it took several weeks to trace
the disease to its source, but now it has
been ascertained that it was caused by
@ parasitic inflammation of the udder among
4 herd of cows belonging to one of the prin-
cipal dairies that supply the Norwegian
capital with milk, Experta declare that
the malady is totally different from any
infectious disease known.

They believe it isa purely endemic form of
illness, favored by the isolated lives led by
the inhabitants of the Norwegian interior.
Ancient records of the district of Telemarken
mention “bad throat” as a disease that
invariably devastated the country after a
poor harvest, but the nature of this mysteri-
ous complaint has never been the subject
of scientific investigation.

The new milk fever, for so it has been
called, is now abating, but not without
having carried off numerous victims among
all classes of the community. Among those
attacked with fatal results was Mme.
Gunther, wife of the Swedish Minister in
Christiania, who died the other day.

How increased travelling facilities since
the introduction of steam locomotion have
affected the spread of influenza is shown by
a comparison of the path of the malady
followed in 1830-31, its first appearance of
which statistics are available, and the severe
epidemic of 1889-90, The figures appear in
a current German review and were com-
biled by Prof. Kuttner, chief physician at
the Virchow Hospital in Berlin.

Prof, Kuttner points out how the rapidity
with which the scourge propagates itself
has grown in proportion to the increased
facilities for intercommunication between
nations and is exactly equal to the swiftest
of our modern means of transportation, ex-
press trains and fast ocean liners.

The first information about influenza
comes from Bokhara, central Asia, and it |

 

was there that the epidemio of 1889 began,
being first noticed among the European
workmen engaged in laying the Turkestan
railrosd. The disease has always travelled
from east to west, spreading from centres.
Both epidemics took exactly eleven months

 

Continued on Sixth Page.

 

DROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

PAAR RAR AAR Annnnnnnan Annee

 

Paris,
New York,

teffeta lining; value $23.50

butterfly sleeves; exquisite!
A ‘ar Cherming Model, in

with long ties; value $82.50
Shadow

value

 

 

Arnold & Co.,

 

A Beautiful Copy of the Latest F
andsome English stripes; taffeta
Btripes and Plain Serges, all colors; beautifully lined; butterfly sleeves

 

Very Stylish Jumper Suit, Panama, all colors; value $25.00

Very Smart Lace Model; value $8.50

] BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

AAA Ane AAAAARAAAAM

 

Arnold & Co., “22%

438 FULTON STREET, BROOKLYN |
Important Announcement for Monday

Opening our store, we announce that we will continue to demon-
strate to the women of Brooklyn that we are ina position to, and
intend to sell high class merchandise for less than it has ever been
sold before. Our combined buying power is greater than any one New
York or Brooklyn house. Everything that is advertised will always be as
represented, values never inflated, and the merchandise, regardless of the
price, will be of the highest character.

 

 

Suit Department

 

Two Elegant Models, in chiffon Panama, black, blue and all the high shades; heavy
rench Model, in all the new ehedow stripes;
lined; satin collar,

lined; value $27.50

Costume Department

venere Suit, cf extra quality tefeta, plain or striped; an exquisite model; value }

A Very Chic Model, of taffeta, all colors; lacs yoke and sleeves; value $22.50

Satin Demi Costiiinie ; value 836.00......0. 066k cee eee

 

Waist Department

 

Handsome Allover Crochet Lace, satin trim; value $18.50
Very Sweil Lingerie Waist, with profusion cf lece insertion; value $3.00
Fine French Lawn, insertion front and beck, solid lece yoke; value $4,00..

French Lawn Lace Yoke, trimmed front and brok, fapcy sleeves; value $6.00

AAPRAA PAD ae PRIN RIE Arran

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

PPE LOD? AAPL DAPPPDPR

  
  
  
  
   
   

San Francisco,

      
 

}
16.50

      
   
   
     
       
      
  

 
   
  
 
   
    

nee

 

 
  
  
   
    
   
  
 

 

 

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

'
e!
u
j
}

   

BROOKLYN.

Use the Subway---Bronx to Borough Hall-.-Through Service---5¢,

{ = : = =

' Broo

events, the progress of Broo
of the business.

toves, Refrige
playing complet? assortments.

For to-morrow We are offering marvelous prices to add to the interest in the new Store.

Safes From $19.08 to $33.59. Holland linen lining, stron ly riveted; also open tray f

Fire and burglar proof—Safea in which en may leave your
valuables when you sojourn out of town during t
with the assurance that everything will be as you left it when
All sizes to suit your convenience.
500 Roll Top Coffee, Tea and Cereal Canisters,
More of those remarkable bargains which went so quickly last
time we offered them; nicely japanned and lettered on front
of roll top, “Tea,” “Coffee” or “Cereals,”
and brown; now half priced at..... ;
Trunks-—The Travel Tried, Trustworthy Kind.
The “Merry Widow” Trunk, at 17.97. Made especially
ate and dresses—two spaces,

you return,

for the travel trip of fine

20 inches square, for hats, and three ways
#0 arran, with folde and straps that th
intact to the end of the journey; 42 inch size.......... 817.07

The “Constitution” Trunk—All Fiber.

And all fiber means that it is one of the lightest, strengest, most

sightly Trunks manufactured to-day,

sites, exceptionally long and strong. Sectional trays, with

prices, for instance:

| At $1.69, Value 62.50.

Cut glass Sugar and Cream Seta,
in the deep and brilliant buzzsaw

and hobnail cuttings.

French and Carlsbad China Dinner)

Sets,
At 88.08,

china Dinner Sets, 89 pieces, decorated
of floral designs and
handles; set includes soup |At 29c., value 40c,

in a variet
stippled go
tureen and 3 meat dishes,

SOP PARARA PL ALA LIAL DAD REPL PEPE AAPL SD

ETN TES CCU

Store Opens at 8.30 A, M.,

( Stirrin gS

a
China, Cut Glass, Bric-a-Brac, Clock and Lamp Store

WHEN ABRAHAM AND STRAUS does anything it does it THOROUGHLY.
coming of the Subway, and with the first train that stops at the Abraham and Straus Station we will have
the most magnificent Subway Floor ready to receive the crowds. See the great China, Cut Glass and kin-
dred stores now. Take advantage of the wonderful values offered. Just imagine fine Cut Glass at these

Rich American Cut Glass.

———_—

value @18.00. Carlsbad} Coupe mage Frvk Plates, rich!

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

awww we

   

 

Klyn to the Front.
Our Celebration Begins To-Day With Record Values.

The opening of the Brooklyn Subway to Flatbush avenue and Atlantic is to be celebrated next Friday
formally by the public—but We begin our celebration with SUBWAY WEEK SALES that will be remem-
bered for years. Simultaneous with the opening of the Subway, the Abraham and Straus Station will open,
making it possible to ride from any station between West Farms, Bronx, to Montauk Point, L. I., without
leaving shelter, direct to this store.
down tracks—the only one in Greater New York with elevator conn@ction with the Subway. We have added |i’
acres of space for the opening of our SUBWAY FLOOR and will celebrate the combination of epoch making

lyn and its representative store with values never known before in the history
}
y

It is the only station in Brooklyn

All Greater New York and Long Island are invited to share in these record-breaking sales,

clothing, ete.
e Summer,

riveted, hin

Colors are red What we &

‘evecucesctemee GRGR

methods of fas'

for fine dreases, 28 inch, 87.40;

@ dresses remain

Brass clampe on all

At 75c., Value 81.50.
Cut glass 6-inch handled Olive or
Bonbon Dishes, in chrysanthemum |
| design. |

Fancy Table China.
At 25c., value 50c. Imported china
deoo-
rated in pink, green or salmon border,
with lace gold and assorted fruit centers.
Imported china
footed Nut Bowls, richly decorated in
a rose design and heavy stippled gold.

 

 

At 810.98, value $18.00, Carlsbad
china Dinner Sets, 101 Pace, richly | At @1.25, value $2.50, Japanese china
decorated in a variety of floral effecta| Chocolate Pot, handsomely decorated
in natural colors gold trimming! in a variety of hand painted floral de-

on all pieces; set includes soup tureen | signs and heavy stippled gold trimming.

and 3 meat dishes.

Imported China Plaques.
At 30¢, to 82.08, value 60c. to $3.75.

=

painted centers of fruit, flowers, game,

Imported china Plaques, handao
decorated in rich blended colors,

ete., and heavy gold borders.
Table Tumblers.

At 38c. a dozen, regularly @0c. a
oxen, Thin lead blown crystal Table
ans, large size. No mail, tele-
phone or hurry box orders filled and
", O. D, Quantity limited to 3

| dozen to a customer.

it none C,
‘e

|

|
|
|

 

F

 

Gas Lamps, Electric Lamps, Ete.

|At $3.08 to 87.08, values 85.08 to
$12.00. Gas Portables, in a variety
of styles and finishes, including the
brushed brass, oxidized copper, bronze,
etc., complete with floral decorated
dome shade; others have art bent glass
shade and beaded fringe.

At 84.50 to 816.50, values 86.50 to
825.00. Electroliers, one, two and
three light clusters, in a variety of
finishes, mounted with art bent glass
shades, in the ruby and rose, ruby and
amber, and green, opal and pink, etc.;
many in this lot have beaded fringe.

 

"$25 to $35 Tailored Suits for Women $19.50

150 OF THE VERY NEWEST MODELS of the season at a stirring price. The new button throu
Jacket, the double breasted Reefer, the newest butterfly Coat, etc., etc., stylish to the last word; some plain
with rich tailoring; others trimmed with bands of material; lined with taffeta satin.
striped suitings, fine shadow striped worsteds and fine striped serges in great variety of colorings, including

navy blue, Copenhagen, brown, tan, gray and black.

Skirts are very wide, perfectly cut and either plaited or gored. Sizes 32 to 42.
$7.50 to $10.00 Skirts at $4.95

broidery. Very stylish morning Dresses; sites 32 6 42
($12.50 Taffeta Silk Coats, $9.75
 Ceteeees

 

  

he

Women's 10c. Stockings, 0c.
|| Fast black cotton, with ombroidered fronts
Women's 25c. to She, Stockings, lOc.
‘ost black cotton, some with unbleached split soles; also some
, with hand embroidered fronta;
ouble soles, heels and toes. . Ife
Women's S0c. Stockings, 3 Pairs for 61.00,

Gauze lialé thread, in tan, white and fast black, with garter

tope; Spaira LOF.....ccecersereeeees $1.00

imported cotton Stockin
also nlain tan; all have

 

Unmatchabl
Wonderful Values for Men, Women and Children;

* _ Women's 75c, Stockings, 48c.

Fine quality lisle thread, in black and tan, with embroidered
fronts; all imported goods and very good value for..48e

/ _ Children's 15c, Stockings, Se.

Fast black, ribbed cotton Stockings, double heels and toes. .8c

/ Men's SOc. Underwear, 2X¢.
Balbriggan Shirta and Drawers, made of fine cotton; Shirts
ves, Drawers have double seats; a few mill

seeeee eee eeeeeere ‘

voiles, panemas,

length coat, made

i med collar.

have long slee
imperfections ......

 

EN ee ee

Closes at 6 P, M, Daily

 

 

d Utility Store in the World } }
Offers Values in Keeping With Its Greatness. |

The NEW HOUSEHOLD UTILITIES STORE on the SUBWAY FLOOR, always the greatest by far jj
in Brooklyn, becomes, with its magnificent extensions, the finest and largest in the world.
from Fulton Street SUBWAY ENTRANCE hundreds of feet back to the far side of Livingston Street, running
under that thoroughfare from Hoyt Street to Gallatin Place. The perfect arrangement of stock is unap- |}
presenes by any store anywhere. Each species of goods is classified Brooms, Woodenware, Hardware,

ors, Trunks, Garden and Farming Tools etc., each having individual sections and each dis

and made to stand t

Trunks of Very Strong Make.

Five top slats, rounded edges, very strong, secure hardware;
large dowels each side of lock; cleanly nailed, center

high-grade Irish linen t ves |
lightness of weight and strength combined. Two trays, |
-one covered with sectional lifts and hinges on back, cade | ee
second or shirtwaist tra

1,000 Fine Enameled Cooking Pots,

The celebrated Oberman make,
this is the last shipment we !
do not fail to get your share at these remarkably little
prices; 8, 10 and 12 quarts, at.......... 30c,, 400. and 500,

Women's separate Skirts; just 100 of them, in
terials; plaited and gored with band.

Just 400 of them, and they will 'go like a flash at
this price; fine quality of lawn, in stripes, dots and
checks on white ground; prettily trimmed with em-

Excellent quality black taffeta silk, three-quarter

No mail, telephone or hurry box orders filled.

a

  
  
 
   
  
   
   
    

, y
YN ADVERTISEMENTS,

annnnnrwnv
‘S

te ee es cs J,
eS TTS

BROOKL

 

with direct connections with up and

 

It extends now |}

1]
}
|

trunk, |
size, |
619.47

A tweight, aristocratic lookin

e baggage “smashing.” 34 in

4

riveted—in fact, rivets all over the ~ i
drum rey is a substantia] framework, with |
ghtly drawn over it. This

|
}
|

AY
a
,

that is open. The materials, |}
workmanship al] most reliable; I
|
ie
if

tening an 4
80 inch, 87.87 ; up to 36 inch at...... $8.97

ay and violet enamels. As
1 have of these for some time,

Subway floor, East Building.

— —= SSS or

 

It anticipated the

 

 

At 82.40, Value $3.98.
Cut glass two-handled Relish Dish,

4 compartmenta, in the rich and bril-
liant buazeaw and star outtings.

|

 

 

Imitation Cut Glass Rose Bowls.

Alt 2%c., value 560, Imitation cut glass
footed Rose Bowls, Flower Vases, etc.,
chrysanthemum and hobnail designs.

Japanese Vases.

At 20c. to $4.08, values 30c. to 87.50,
Japanese Vases, richly decorated in a
wide variety of hand painted floral
effects on blended body, with heavy
gold trimming.

‘ Clocks.

At 49c. Special imported nickel Alarm
Clocks, lever attachment.
At &1.49, value $2.25. Porcelain:
Alarm Clocks, handsomely decorated
» blended oolor effects and gold trim-

ming.

At O8c., value $1.50. Gilt Novelty
a floral decorated and gold trim-
ming.

|At $1.29, value $3.25. Gold plated
and Wrench gray finish Boudoir cooks,
in a variety of styles; porcelain dial,
re one in this lot worth less than

_ Subway floor, Central Bullding,

  
    
    
   
     
   
 
      
   
 

ss
|
]

|

The materials are fine

stripes and checks of various ma-

full and roomy; plaited, with trim-

Second floor, Central Bullding,

 

G56 3E El 085555659 8404 8aeER TEs COR LCR RESTO NE 28c