SOME NEW BOOKS.

A Star of the Scions.

Bince the publication of the well known
/ greatly admired novel “Lady Rose's
ughter,” by Mrs. Humphry Ward, which
it with a strange and moving situation,
has been a revival of interest in
who must have been the prototype of
Ward's heroine, Jufle de Lespinasse,
ose pathetic story will be found set forth
diy and sympathetically in a volume
d A Star of the Salons, by Camiuta
Ben (Putnams). This is not the firat but
is the best of the recent English books
ing with the subject. The author tells
in a preface that for several years the
nbdject of this book has exercised over her
singular fascination. Her knowledge
Mile. de Lespinasse, derived in the first
ce mainly from her “Letters to Gui-
.” haa been, of course, enormously en-
Targed since the appearance of thé Marquis
Ségur's study, which is distinguished
only for notable discoveries but for
ordinary insight and feeling. By
moh men and French women Ségur's
will doubtless be accepted as the
word, but Miss Jebb expresses the hope
the story of Julie de Lespinasse as seen
a biographer of her own sex but of a
different nationality may reveal some
gepects of the case hitherto unnoticed and
ot uninteresting. The writer of the book
ore us has also undertaken to give some
of the background against which Julie
oved and the strange transitional epoch
which her life was cast.

pre ee

 

     
 

el

  
     
    
     

tes ee

  
  

   

    
 
   
  
  
  
   

-
é
a

.

  
 

/

7

  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 

   
 

"oO

    
 
  

5 Ro
.

1

  
  
  
 
 

 
  
 
 
   

   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 

eee et ee

alin

  

  

es

“et

 
 
   
 

ca ee

  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

im

 
 
 
 
 

ul

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

q
t
td
M
4

ee

a

           
   
    
           
     
         
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
    
   
    
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
  

ad

ee eet aS

1.
Julie de Lespinasse was the illegitimate
"daughter of Julie d'Albon, the heiress of an
olent and illustrious family, who at the
of 16 was married to the Comte d'Albon,
r cousin, The union was unhappy,
For more than twelve years, indeed, the
: oung people lived an outwardly united
fe in the ancient feuda! castle of Avauges,
|B which formed a part of Julie d'Albon's
/fnheritance. They had four children, of
Mwhom two survived, but soon after the
i rth of the last—the son and heir—the
Comte d'Albon withdrew to his native town
} Roanne, where he died, Our author
Ppoints out that we must not judge the
Poonduct of the young wife, thus left prac-
tic a widow, by the standard of our
ntimes, From the point of view of most
her contemporaries it was inevitable
a woman in such circumstances should
a second husband informally; or in
‘other words,a lover. It would seem, how-
vever, that Mme d’Albon must have acted
‘with unusual caution; for although all her
quaintances knew that she had a lover
pody knew who he was, and it is only
recently that his identity has been
d by the patient research of M. de
When her legitimate son Camille
as 6 years old Mme. d’Albon gave birth to
other boy, of whom scarcely anything is
i known. He was educated apparently in a
monastery at Lyons, and in due time be-
me amonk Twenty months later was
"born his sister, the subject of the present
“memoir, whom a far different lot awaited.
1) The little girl was baptized the day after
} ber birth in a Lyons church and received
Pp names of Julie-Jeanne-Eléanore, being
entered in the parish register as the ohild
_of “Claude Lespinasse, bourgeois de Lyon,
' and dame Julie Navarre, his wife.” Both
‘| of these were purely fictitious personages,
‘the name of Lespinasse being derived from
one of the D'Albon estates
Of the years which immediately followed
© the biographer can tell us little beyond the
* fact that Mme. d’Albon could not bring her-
to renounce her illegitimate daughter
practically she had renounced her illegiti-
son, The childhood of Julie was almost
E nly passed in the ancient chateau of
PAvauges, which stood on the road between
ons and Tarare. Hither the little girl
FP ns to have been brought after a year
} or more spent, as was then the custom
7) even for legitimate children, in the cottage
‘of some humble foster mother. She was
then and always thereafter known under
} the name of Lespinasse, and some pretext
7 of adoption was probably invented to ac-
' count for her presence at the castle. The
firet half dozen years of her childhood were
‘unquestionably happy. She was brought
up with the same care as the two legitimate
Pchildren, and probably treated with equal
TP respect. When she was 7 years old,
| however, an event oocurred which was
‘deatined to exercise a most unfavor-
SF able influence upon her future—the mar-
 fiage, namely, of her half sister, Diane
P d’Albon, with Gaspard de Vichy-Champ-
® rond, e neighbor and an old friend of the
| family In order to explain how Julie's
» fortunes were affected by this alliance our
© author here finds it necessary to consider
® the question of her deacent on the father's
tide, a question much debated by the gos-
‘sips of her own day, and in later times by
 jitterateurs who have interested themselves
"in her history. The secret was preserved
“with such extraordinary care and success
) that jt remained undeciphered until within
the last few years, when the key to the mys-
‘tery was found by M. de Ségur in eome
hitherto unpublished manuscripts, The
» father of Julie de Lespinasse was, he thinks
>and virtually demonstrates, no other than
© the very Gaspard de Vichy who seven
e+ yeers after her birth became the husband
‘of her elder sister. The situation is cer-
tainly not a pleasant one to contemplate,
© Our author's comment is: “We can imagine
® the suitor, level headed, hard natured,
' bent at all costs upon an advantageous
> establishment for himself and careless of
_ the means by which it should be obtained;
the girl Diane, knowing nothing of the
® horrible complication, and fascinated, per-
‘haps, as girls often have been fascinated,
by the finished manners and ripe experience
i of a lover twenty-one years older than her-
» elf; the mother, heart wrung, conscience
stricken, yielding reluctantly to the pres-
fh gure brought from both sides to bear upon
her.”

tl.

It must have been plain enough to Mme.
d'A}bon that no good could come of such
© @ marriage for any of the persons con-
cerned, but the biographer deems it doubt-
_ ful whether she at first foresaw the full ex-
: tent of the calamity thus entailed upon the
+ poor child, whose interests should have
been as sacred to Gaspard as they were to
» herself. As a matter of fact the strange
> and sinister son-in-law soon showed himself
> firmly resolved that the portion of his wife,

_ the only legitimate daughter, should not be
(diminished by any vrovision for her un-
acknowledged sister. He offered a deter-
P+ mined resistance to every measure at-
tempted for this purpose by Mme. d'Albon.
So fierce, indeed, was the opposition made
by him, and at his prompting by his wife,
Diane, and brother-in-law, Camille d'Al-
| bon, that the Countess found herself obliged

~~ to give way. All that she ventured openly
i ito do was to insert in her will a clause be-

-

}

,
{
rs
rf
,

.
-

+ queathing to “Juiie-Jeanne-Eléanore Lespi-
> nagse, daughter of Claude Leapinasse and
~ Julie Navarre,” an annuity of 900 france,
. vith a further legacy of 6,000 franca to be
y ald in case she either married or entered
réligion. Unknown, inoreover, to her ex-
lower and present son-in-law, Gaspard, and
to her legitimate son, Camille, the Countess
F contrived to lay by a large sum of money
im a desk in ber rovn, and on the eve

  

 
  
 

her death, which ooourred about a year and
a half after her will was drawn, she called
her little daughter Julie, then aged 15, to
her bedside and secretly gave the whole
amount into her possession with injunction
to keep it for herself, The poor child, un-
fitted alike by age, temperament and edu-
cation for the grim struggle for existence
which thenceforth was to be her portion,

handed over the money intact to her half-

brother Camille (who did not hesitate to

take and retain it), and she never benefited

to the extent of a penny by her mother's

dying wish.

Up to the time of her mother's death
the girl, beyond a general impression that
there was something very wrong indeed,
seems not to have understood the (rue

nature of her position. Perhaps it was the
reading of Mme. d'Albon's will, perhaps
the uncompromising explanations of her
relatives, which revealed to this petted
daughter of a wealthy house the existence
of poverty and humiliation which awaited
her. However this may be, her anguish
and grief aroused the sympathy of Diane
de Vichy, who had come of course to at-
tend her mother's funeral. Even Gas-
pard's heart seems to have been touched
with something like pity for the daughter
whom he had done his best to render desti-
tute. They proposed to the desolate girl
that she should make her home with them,
an offer which she gladly sccepted, for
indeed, she had no other resource.

The next four years of Julie's life were
passed in discharging the functions of a
governess to her elder sister's children.
The position of governess in those days

| was not sharply differentiated from that |
of an upper servant. To be relegated
therefore to such a status may well have

} Seemed to a girl brought up as Julie had
been a bitter humiliation. It is not there-
fore surprising that when in 1752 Mme.
du Deffand, a sister of Gaspard de Vichy,
arrived at Champrond on a visit and
conoeiving a great liking for Julie de Lespi-
nasse invited the young girl to live with
her as a companion in Paris the offer should
have been eagerly accepted. It was not,
however, until April, 1764, that Julie went
to the capital, and the intervening time
was spent in a convent.

mi.

Mme. du Deffand, the remarkable woman
who was destined to exercise an incaloula-
ble influence upon the young girl's fortunes,
was then in her fifty-sixth year The fame
of her intellectual powers, of her brilliant
and scathing sarcasm and her almost un-
rivalled ability in conversation has en-
dured down to our own day. Although
born at Champrond, her upbringing had
been by no means that of a country girl.
Like moat young ladies of her time, indeed,
she was early sent to a convent school, and
only left it on her marriage to the Mar-
quis du Deffand, at the age of 21 (1718).
The fashionable Paris convent of that day,
however—and such was that where Marie
de Vichy received her education—was no
abode of Arcadian simplicity nor of inno-
cence. The heads of auch institutions were
women of high rank, who, despite their
vows, had by no means renounced the
world. Visitors of both sexes found their
way frequently within the precincts; exeats
for the pupils, at all events, were easily pro-
oured; the flow of communication with mun-
dane affairs was uninterrupted, and the
latest court scandal was as likely as not to
form the topic of conversation. We may
then be tolerably certain that Mike. de
Vichy was no ingénue of the sheltered type
when she accepted the husband selected for
her by family arrangemetts and—the mar-
riage scarcely over—decided that as a hus-
band the Marquis du Deffand was impossible.
We are told that “he was always taking
trouble to make himself disagreeable.”

The young Mme. du Deffand made her
way at once to the very heart of that brill-
iant, fascinating and inconceivably corrupt
society. She had claims as a beauty
no leas than as a wit, and she soon won
the favor of the Regent himself, who is said
to have loved her faithfully for at least a
fortnight and who doubtless had more
than one successor in her affections. Mme.
du Deffand seems to have stepped beyond
the line drawn by public opinion and after
the Regent's death found herself more or leas
ostracized in Paris Sheat first set towork
to repait her mistake by seeking reconcilia-
tion with her husband, but they soon parted
once more and the courageous woman had
recourse to a second method of recovering
respectability, not strictly in accordance
with the conventions of the present cen-
tury. Asa preliminary she obtained a
judicial separation from her husband and
then took to herself a lover en titre. The
President Hénault, the person on whom
Mme. du Deffand's choice had fallen, wasa
widower He was the presiding judge of
acourt of appeals and of a distinguished
although not a noble family, and he was
one of the most attractive men of his time.
It was mainly through him that Mme. du
Deffand regained her social position, and
that he was useful in other ways is evident
from the fact that during many years he
secretly paid her an annuity of six thousand
francs and through his influence at court
procured for her annually an equivalent sum
from the royal treasury. There is no doubt
that henceforth, apart from this allianoe “of
convenience,” Mme. du Deffand’s conduct
was really irreproachable. Soon a small
but choice company, the friends chiefly of
Hénault, gathered in her modest drawing
room, and, again through Hénault's influ-
ence she secured admission to the so-called
“court” of Sceaux, which up to the death
of the Duchease du Maine, which took place
{n 1753, was a meeting ground for all the
most brilliant men and women of the day.
It was at Sceaux that Mme. du Deffand
made the acquaintance of the celebrated
mathematician D’Alembert, afterward to
become the lifelong admirer but ‘never
satisfied lover of Julie de Lespinasse

Iv.

The salon organized by Mme. du Def-
fand started on its career with every pros-
pect of success, but its mistress meanwhile
had to struggle against one of the worst
calamities which can befall a human being.
She found herself gradually becoming blind,
and that doubtlese was one of the reasons
why she desired a companion. To her
blindness was doubtless due the mania
which led her literally to turn night into
day. For her the day began regularly at 6
o'clook in the evening, the hour at which
she first quitted her bedroom. Then began
the stream of visitors, whioh ultimately in-
cluded all the brilliant and interesting per-
eons in Paris. This curious life was shared
by Julie de Lespinasse, for Mme. du Deffand
fulfilled her promise that the girl ‘should
rank as a real companion and not as an
upper grade menial. She was not even
engaged asa secretary, for Mme. du Deffand
sometimes wrote her own Netters with the
help of an apparatus contrived for keeping
the lines straight and sometimes had them
written for her by a majordomo. Reading
aloud may have been to some extent a part
of the agreemeni, since after Julie quitted
the apartment of Mme. du Deffand in the
convent of St. Joseph her place was aup-
plied by a lectrice en titre. Whether Julie
received a salary for her services is un-
known. Weknow, however, that leas than
three months after ber arrival in Paris a

' .
\ ia

‘ *
te et ee. ee ey

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
  
  

Claes

7

, hrs

 

of Orleans undertook to pay her 693 francs
annually for the rest of her life. The capital
required for the purchase of this life an-
nuity may have been supplied by Mme, du
Deffand, With the stipend of 800 fr a
year inherited from her mother Julie's
spending money must have amounted to
about $215 a year. Every penny of this
meagre income was needed for clothes, for
she was one of those persons who repay
careful dressing.

Her figure was singularly graceful, and
her face, though by her own admission
never regularly pretty, might fairly at this
early period of her life be called charming.
A portrait by Carmontelle shows her as she
was while atill in the bloom of youth and
before smallpox, the dire disease by which
one woman in every four was then per-
manently disfigured, had set ite mark upon
her. Speaking of this portrait the bioge
rapher observes that her dark brown hair,
concealed according to the universal custom
of the time beneath a layer of powder, is
arranged in one of the pleasing and unex-
aggerated coiffures worn at the period and
not succeeded until 1770 by the towering
structures which made kneeling on the car-
riage floor compulsory fog ladies in full
dress, The details are added that “her
eyes are large and dark, and the ‘tip tilted’
nose imparts a certain shade of piquancy
to her thoughtful and intelligent face.” All
eye witnesses agree, however, that the
special attractiveness of her appearance
lay in her expression, “Though not actu-
ally beautiful, you are distinguished looking
and attract attention,” wrote President
Hénault. To the same effect wrote the
cold and reserved D’Alembert: “What I
should say of your appearance is only what
seems to strike everybody, namely, that
your whole bearing is most graceful and
distinguished, and that you have much
mind and expression in all your features
seems far preferable to mere soulless
beauty.” Her faithless lover, Guibert, was
also to testify: “That which preeminently
distinguished her was the supreme charm
without which beauty can only attain to
mere lifeless perfection, namely, expres-
sion. Hers had no particular characteristio;
{t combined them all, 6o that you could not
precisely say that it was either witty or
lively or sweet or dignified or humorous
or gracious.” The admiration, however,
attracted by Julie's appearance was slight
compared with that bestowed on her man-
ner and conversation. The exquisite circle
which eventually had gathered around Mme,
du Deffand and which comprised the fine
flower of Parisian intellect and breeding
could not sufficiently express astonishment
at the ease with which the young ,rustio,

came one of themselv:

The relations betweefl Julie de Lespinasse
and her patroness continued for some years
to be highly creditable to both. The girl
had certainly some hardships to endure,
but the congenial and appreciative atmos-
phere in which she found herself made them
at firat seem light in comparison with her
miserable experiences in her father's chateau
at Champrond. On her side she spared no
trouble to please the people who received
her so kindly and above all the benefactreas
who had brought her into their circle. There
is no doubt that she won approbation from
the most fastidious of Mme. du Deffand’s

conciliating the servants of the household,
an achievement involving greater diffioul-
ties. To Mme. du Deffand, on her part,
must be conceded the honor which is her
due She displayed at first no resentment,
but rather satisfaction, at the favor won by
Julie from some of her oldest friends, both
male and female. When a younger ad-
mirer appeared on the scene, her behavior
seems to have been on the whole not un-
worthy of a conscientious guardian; though
it ia undoubtedly from this incident which
took place when they had lived together
for three or four years that must be dated
the first perceptible straining of the rela-
tions between the aunt and niece. Thehero

exists, ite head, Viscount Taaffe, being set-
tled in Austria M. Taaffe was in the
habit of paying long visits to Paris, and like
many other distinguished foreigners, be-
came for a time a regular attendant at the
salon of Mme. du Deffand. His appearance
marked a momentous epoch in the experi-
ence of Julie de Lespinasse

If we except D'Alembert, of whose silent
devotion she was perhaps scarcely con-
scious, her admirers hitherto had all been
elderly men, and it had never occurred to
her to take any of them seriously. The
feeling with which she inspired the new-
comer was of a warmer kind and was by
her fully reciprocated, and Mme. du Deffand
suddenly awoke to the fact that a flourish-
ing romance was in progress, beneath her
roof. That she should have strongly ob-
jected to the affair was natural enough.
It was not impossible that Taaffe had al-
ready a wife in Ireland, and the gallant
Irishman's fortune probably consisted
mainly of debts. In view of Julie's almost
penniless condition {t was altogether un-
likely that the courtship could result in
matrimony, and Mme. du Deffand, with her
hard won knowledge of the seamy side of
life, is not to be blamed for desiring in her
niece's interest to put an end to ft. Of
the two persons mainly concerned, the
gentleman received her remonstrances with
a docility which proves that he was at
heart convinced of their reasonableness,
The position which Julie took was different.
Instead of promising compliance with the
grave admonitions of her patroness she
broke out into protest with a vehemence
which dismayed the elder woman, by whom
the potentialities of passion hidden beneath
a surface of consummate tact and self-con-
trol had hitherto perhaps been unsus-
pected, Finding argument and reason un-
availing, Mme. du Deffand had recourse to
authority and peremptorily forbade the
girl to see or speak to Taaffe again, enjoin-
ing her to remain henceforth in her room
whenever this gentleman came to call at
the Convent of St. Joseph. She related in
after years that Julie, driven to despair
by the thought of never again meeting her
lover, took a dose of opium which nearly
proved fatal and had a lasting effect upon
her health. There is no doubt that Julie
de Lespinasse at a later and much graver
crisie of her life did make'an attempt at
suicide, which was only frustrated by the
intervention of Guibert. By and by to
all outward appearances a reconciliation
ensued between the aunt and niece, But their
first love for one another was never really
restored, and with every year the estrange-
ment grew, till the last remannt of affection
perished, and left them avowed and irrec-
oncilavle enemies,

v.

The day of reckoning, though long de-
ferred, came at last one evening in April,
when Mme. du Deffand discovered that
her friends were p@ying much more atten-
tion to her companion than to herself. The
discovery mace her frantic, and she drove
the younger woman from her hous, After
taking refuge for a while in a convent or In
the house of a female friend, Julie, with
the aid of D'Alembert and Mme. de Geoffrin,
organized a salon of her own. Taken al-
together, the income of the subject of this
biography, including an annuity given her

of i contract was drawn up by which the Duke | by Mme. de Geoffrip, amounted to about

,

 

=e

eee

friends, and she was no leas successful in

of this first love affair was descended from
a noble and ancient Irish family, which still

   
 
 

THE StU

 

as though to the manner born, at once be-

 

    

   

    
 

" *

ee beast

    

a

. ’ eo
wide id

 

i
“e, ER fF

 

we ve thee ie

SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1908.

a

Vee me
—- ‘

   

r
*

 

yeare lease at a rent of about $27. Her | question:
rooms ovcupied the second and third floors

of a medest house no-longer existing, ot | sister or his mistress?
the Junction of the Rue Bellechesss and the

Rue St. Dominique, about a hundred yards |

 

story, On the lower floor was an anto-

Lespinasse, a dressing room and a arnall
bedroom for a servant, On the floor above
was the bedroom of her maid, a kitchen and
empty apartment, used as a lumber room,
and two other rooms ultimately sublet to

‘Alembert. Narrow as her income was,

lle, dé Lespinasse seems to have had
enough for her toilet, Guibert, who was
par excellence a lady's man, and hence
no contemptible judge, credits her with
being in respect of dreas an excellent man-
ager. In the inventory, of her effects made
after her death, there were enumerated
no fewer than forty gowns of ailk and satin.
She managed in one way or another to give
two dinners a week.

The salon of Mile. de Lespinasse was
from the outset a great success. The gath-
erings there included almost all the dis-

him on the night of her funeral:

by smallpox,

 

matter of course, and at the third you had
forgotten it.” There is no doubt that
Guibert was attracted to her almost at
first sight and hit upon a singular artifice
for steajing hia way into her heart, He
posed as an homme incompris. He had,
he explained, an attachment of some years
standing to @ lady who did not, in his esti-
mation, love him as he deserved to be loved,
j and his noble soul was in consequence
tinguished persons of every calling and | afflicted with a profound melancholy, Of
nationality to be found in Paris between | the truth of this myth he convinced Mlle.
the years 1764 and 1776. Fine ladies, sol- | de Lespinasse, who listened to him with
diers, statesmen, divines, scholars, men of | sympathy, and, though urging him to re-
letters—every class was there represented. | main faithful, could not but feel that he had
There Turgot discussed his abortive social ; been unfortunate in his choice, As it hap
reforms. There Condoroet, the ‘philo- | pened, the lady in question was said to be
sophio marquis, brought his ungainly per- | married, but this detail seems not to have
sonality and his wild revolutionary ideas. | been thought worth considering. It ‘did
There the Italian Ambassador Galiani, “the eed occur to Julie that there was a certain
pretty dwarf,” gesticulated and held forth | risk in receiving and reciprocating coh-
at will. There David Hume sought coun- | fidences of so delicate anature. She did not
sel and sympathy from “the most sensible | realize that through a whole winter Guibert
woman in Paris." There the fascinating | Wa8 becoming more and more necessary
Comtesse de Boufflers, tearing herself for | to her. It was not until they were on the
awhile from the semisroyal circle where | eve of : — that oe con-
as mistress of the Prince de Conti she | scious of the importance which his presence
reigned supreme, poured forth her start- had assumed for her. It was then that
ling paradoxes. There the warm hearted | she wrote him a letter of which she was
Duchesse de Chatillon, who worshipped | thereafter to say: “I detest, I abhor the
Julie de Leapinasse, hung eagerly on every | fatality which urged me to write you that
word that fell from the lips of her idol. There | first note.” It formed the beginning of the
ee meh bn oe the eniy Sana | fons crapeaenm na win
randa, and there for a brief apace the enig- | ¥'t ' ‘
matic figure of Lord Shelburne. D'Alem- | cisive step on the path from which it was
bert, of course, was always present, except | Hever more in her power to escape
when absent from Paris. ai VII
vighiaee een te af ae We have come to a crisis in the life of
salon wag its catholicity, and that this again Samashen aerate = a
was entirely «ue to the unique personality tail Two oints, however ‘she fests in
of the hostess, which enabled her to attract atten toa le tat el First, that it
and combine into ahomogeneous whole the | fii alt to judge auch case by the
a. ———, pp Bae riggi ol — standard of the present generation; sec
ordinary woman could have started discus- = tee "Son eee bog oo
sions among such remarkable men and taken of light hearted sinners who on every eide

part in them as she did with a closeness of surrounded her, and that she suffered

 

with Se at eee . ~ sane agonies of remorse such as few women of
ordinary woman could have varied the her entourage would have been capable
conversation at her will, introducing each of feeling on the same score. She wrote
new topic with the ease of a fairy waving to Guibert: The crime of a moment has
her magio wand. Grimm testifies that she ruined my whole life. What does it profit
possessed in the most eminent degree the that . wae erry virtuous before I
difficult and precious art of drawing out the or e I a that I ae —_
best intelligence of others. No one, La | (ans, be pee againet a , and
Harpe recalled, could better do the honors | Ave lost al selisrespect. It was on
of her house. Every one found his own
place there and always to his own satisfac-
tion, “She had great knowledge of the
world, and that most attractive kind of
politeness which seems to proceed from a
personal interest in each individual.” It is
true that conversation was sometimes
varied with “readings,” that terrible insti-
tution of the eighteenth century. From
the worst horrors of this system, however,
Jylie de Lespinasse was comparatively
secure, for such was the reputation of her
salon in literary circles that only writers
with something to recommend them could
aspire to the advertisement of appearing
there. Thus Marmontel gave her the first
reading of a comio opera, La Harpe of a
tragedy, and Bernardin de Saint-Pierre of
his “Voyage a l'Isle de France.” Julie's
salon closed theoretically at 9 o'clock, after
which she and most of her guests went out
to finish the evening elsewhere.
Vi.

What makes the social success of Mile.
de Lespinasse the more amazing is that
not only was she poor and illegitimate but
also at the period of her greatest popularity
she was, according to the foolish standard
of that time, no longer a young woman, and

February 10, 1174, a date unmistakably
indicated by more than one reference in
her letters, that she forfeited, as she saye,
all right to respect herself, By a coinci-
dence of unspeakable horror, it was on
the self-same night when her true lover
the Marquis de Mora, received from a
violent hemorrhage his death blow, that
he was betrayed by the woman whom he
had trusted so entirely, but of whose be-
trayal most happily for him he was never
to know, The inevitable Nemesis, how-
ever, was not long delayed for Mile. de
Lespinasse, but it did not assume the form
of public exposure and disgrace. Nothing
in her whole story is more remarkable
than the utter absence of suspicion as to
the true nature of her relations with Gui-
bert. It was not till one of the pair had
been dead for thirty-three years, and the
other for nineteen, that the posthnmous
publication of the “Letters” revealed the
long kept secret to the intense astonish-
ment of their few surviving contempor-
aries. Yet they seemed to have been
constantly together, passing hours alone
either in a private box at the Opéra or in

Julie's room in the Rue Bellechasse. That

no one in these circumstances should have

even guessed at the truth testifies alike to
the high reputation borne by Mlle. de Les-
pinasee and, in justice it must be added, to
the honorable reticence maintained by
Guibert, a reticence all the more creditable
to him that it scarcely seems to havebeen
generally one of his habits.

Julie's punishment wae to come in more
subtle fashion, in the first instance through
the man she had wronged and in the
second through that other man for whom
she had made so great a sacrifice, On his
dying bed the Marquis de Mora gathered
sufficient strength to write once more in
these words to the woman whom he had
loved with absolute devotion: “I was
about to have seen you once more, and
now I must die, What a fearful stroke of
fate! But you once loved me, and the
thought of you is atill sweet to me. ‘+ is
for your sake that I am dying.

There is no doubt that in the first anguish
of remorse and despair the recipient of
these words resolved on taking her life, and
the resolution will surprise nobody ao-
quainted with her passionate and impulsive
nature. That Guibert alone suspected her
purpose and succeeded in dissuading her
from it is rendered equally certain by the
incessant reproaches which on this very
score she afterward heaped upon’ him.
The sight of her agony evidently inspired
him for a time with genuine pity, and per-
haps with some fleeting contrition, and in
his efforta to reconcile her to life he showed
a tenderness which she was unable to resist.
His contrition lasted for a while, and it was
only gradually ttt Julie realized that for
her all possibility of happiness had van-
ished on the day that Mora breathed out
his life in an inn at Bordeaux on his way
to Paris. Gradually Guibert began to talk
to her about the necessity of his maxing
a marriage of convenience. He sedulovely
represented his matrimonial designs as
based entirely upon prudence, and irrespec-
tive of any woman in particular. Through

moreover was hopelessly disfigured by the
smallpox. The biographer quotes a sig-
nificant phrase of hers, apparently meant
in apology for her independent mode of
life: “It does not matter what one does
when one is 30 years old and, to use
fine language, ravaged by disease.” The
conventional dogmas of her day taught
that only in the heyday of youth could one
of, the inferior sex hope to inspire love.
The most remarkable of many contradic-
tions to the “youth and beauty” theory was
to be furnished by Jule de Leapinasse.
She had completed her thirty-fourth year
when she cast her eyes on the Marquis de
Mora, son and heir of the Spanish Ambassa-
dor at Paris—a young man only 22
years old, the fine flower of the proud-
est aristocracy in Europe, the idol of beau-
tiful and high born ladies. Suchan attach-
ment might well have been regarded ds a
madness only to besurpassed by the greater
madness of expecting a return in kind. Yet
here the impossible happened, for Julie
de Lespinasse was destined to be loved by
this man as few women are loved by men,
and, indeed, far better than she loved him.
It ie certain that he loved her for le bon
motif, that their relations were absolutely
pure, end that they were on the point of
being married when, at the age of
28, he prematurely die with Julie's
name upon his lips. We can well believe
with the biographer that to the lonely,
disfigured woman, no less than to Mora,
with all his early knowledge of the world
and consequent world weariness, the at-
tachment must have seemed the awaken-
ing to a new life. At first, it appears, Julie
felt an honorable reluctance to accept the
devotion so freely tendered, but her lover
made light of every argument against his.
guit. “You love me,” he urged, “and
where love is, nothing else is of any ac-
count.” “And soon,” she says, “he per-
guaded me” to believe him, All the latent
passion of her nature awokein response to |
his, and with hyperbolic fervor he declared |
that ih the art of loving even the women
of his own ardent South were mere chilcren
in comparison with her.

We have said that the Marquis de Mora

with Mile. de Lespinasse allowed the sub-
ject so completely to drop that she half
believed him resolved upon a single life,
while all the time negotiations were in prog-
ress, and he was losing no opportunity of
paying his court to Mile. de Courcelles,
loved Julie better than she loved him, It | who was not only well dowered but beauti-
was not many months before he died that | ful, Once the betrothal was about to be
she contracted the great passion of her life | formally announced, however, it became
for the Comte de Guibert, who in the eyes | impossible any longer to conceal the truth,
of her biographer was but a “pinchbeck After a clumsy attempt at preparation
hero.” It is true that at the age of twenty- | which aroused an agony of apprehension,
five he had attained by merit rather than | in his unhappy victim he told | er of his
favor the rank of colonel, and two years | approaching marriage, representing it en-
later published a “General Essay on ‘le stics” | tirely as an affair of convenance and ree
which created a European sensation. Con- | pressing the fact that he had anything
cerning the technica! merits of this work | more than a formal acquaintance with his
it is enough to say that they successively | future bride. To the forsaken woman {t
commanded the approval of two such mili- | seame! that now indeed she had been
tary critios as Frederick the Great of Prus-! stabbed to the heart. “If we must cease
sla and the Emperor Napoleon. In Paria, | to jove, then 1 must cea‘e to live!” was the
owing to its advocacy not only of military | heartbroken cry which rose to her lips.

but also of political and economic re- ont

forms, the book had an unparalleled auc- vit.

cess. The goldier writer quickly became | The biographer emphasizes the fact that
the demigod of every salon, and women | Julie regarded: Guibert's marriage a; con-

‘

shy

pa

Which would be the best of thé
three—to be M. de Guibert’s mother. his

with Mile, de Lespinasse dates from a
from the abode of her former protectress. | garden féte given by a great financier who
The rooms were ten in number, five on each | was a friend of D’Alembert. The impree-
sion which she then made upon Guibert
chamber, a salon, the bedroom of Mile. do; may be gathered from certain passages
in the glowing encomium composed by
“She
was 88 [really 39} years old when I first
met her, and her figure was still cistin-
guished and full of grace She was far
from beautiful, and, moreover, disfigured
But her plainnesas had noth-
ing repulsive about it, even at the first
glance. At the seoond you took it as a

the winter of 1774-75 he had in conversation ,

’ * ey re ¥ ie

$1,880. Hor lodgings were taken on a nine | of the highest rank debated gravely the | stituting an impassable barrier between
We are reminded that such
in her | gol invaders of Russia in the thirteenth

him and*ber.
a.point of view was hy no means

time universally recognized, nor was it
The beginning of Guibert's acquaintance { shared by Guibert himself. The letters re-
cently published make it plain that the
honéymoon once well over he was anxious
to renew his former relations, but enooun-
tered a resolution which he found it would
For the short re-
mainder of her unhappy life Julie de Les-
pinasse was free from reproach, and in the
judgment of her biographer the determina-
tion not to injure another woman expiated
in some measure for former wrongdoing.
Her attitude, indeed, toward her unocon-
scious rival was at all times thenceforth
conapicuously generous. The bitterness of
her heart overflowed often enough in re-
proaches to Guibert, but of his betrothed
she uniformly spoke in terms of respect
and even of kindness. Once she terrified
Guibert beyond measure by appearing un-
expectedly in his rooms on an evening when
she knew that he was to receive a visit
from Mlle. de Courcelles and her mother.
The wretched man vainly implored her to
She was
determined to see his future wife, but the
soene which followed relieved him of his
fears. Mile. de Lespinasse made herself
as delightful as only she could The girl
was fascinated by her charm of manner

ba impossible to shake,

withdraw before their arrival.

and the caressing tenderness with which

she welcomed the fiancée of an old and
valued friend. Next day Julie, as if de-

termined to be thorough in her great re-
“I thought

nunciation, wrote to Guibert:
her charming and well deserving of the
interest you feel in her.

ppearance of her mother are also most

leasing and attractive. Yes, you will be

happy.” Guibert was gratified and even
touched by this magnificent self-abnega-
tion, but he considered that it was scarcely
maintained with sufficient consistency.
There was in his opinion a want of good
faith about such letters of congratulation
as that which he received after the formal
signing of his marriage contract: “And #0
the sentence is signed! God grant it may
be as decisive for your happiness as my
death! Farewell; may your life be always
too full and too happy to leave room
for the remembrance of an unfortunate
woman who loved you.” Manlike, he did
not like even to think that he was kill-
ing the woman whom he professed still
to love, but to be told it was really very
unpleasant. It is certain, as the biographer
aays, that Guibert spoke no more than the
truth when he wrote about this time to
Julie de Lespinasse the words which roused
her to an inexplicable fury of resentment:
“Do not break your heart for me, I beseech
you. Iam not worthy of all that you have
suffered for my sake.”

When Mile, de Lespinasse declared that
Guibert had signed her sentence of death
on the same day as his marriage contract,
she spoke no more than the truth. The
biographer deems it extremely unlikely that
she would in any circumstances have lived
to be old, and the mental suffering of the
last few years had of course gravely
affected her always fragile health. This

1 final blow, which she survived barely a
twelvemonth, must certainly have hastened
the end. At her funeral D'Alembert and
Condorcet were chief mourners. By her
own express wish the last observances were
performed in very simple fashion and a
hideous custom, then prevalent, of laying
out the dead in front of their homes as a
spectacle for all who passed by was omitted.
Miss Jebb points out on her final page that
Julie de Lespinasse never ceased to believe
that if Mora had lived to know all he would
have forgiven her, D'Alembert, we know,

‘| although éut to the heart when he first
learned of her relations with Guibert, did
live to forgive her. Surely, then, the
biographer thinks, it is scarcely for us to be
severe in condemning her. “Across the
intervening gulf of over a hundred years
her unique and fascinating personality
pleads with us on her behalf, as it pleaded
then even with those who had euffered
through her fault. We find in her some
things which we needs must blame, but
far more to be admired, pitied and loved.”

M. W 8.

 

The Mongols,

A painstaking and creditable attempt
to treat an interesting theme conoerning
which extensive and accurate knowledge
is obtainable only with much difficulty is
embodied in a volume of some four hundred
pages called The Mongols by JEREMIAH
Curtin (Little, Brown & Co.). The book
would have been more satisfactory if the
author had indicated his sources of au-
thority: there is no bibliography, As we
have no reason to believe that the writer
was a Chinese scholar we must infer that
he relied largely on previous European
researches, the results of which have been
to a considerable extent transmitted in
the Russian and Polish languages, with
both of which the late Mr. Curtin was
fariiliar. It cannot be denied that his
failure to mention by name any of the
authors on whom he bases his narrative
is much to be regretted, for no single state-
ment of fact can be accepted by strangers
without verification. Having known the
writer personally, however, we have no
doubt that the general impression conveyed
by him concerning the primitive condition
of the Mongol people and their almost
world wide conquests under Genghis Khan
and his successors is trustworthy.

Mr. Curtin points out in his initial chapter.

how from an obsoure beginning the word
Mongol has gone on increasing tn signifi-
canoe and spreading geographically during
imore than ten centuries. From the time
when men uéed it first until the present day
the name has been employed chiefly in
three senses. In the primary sense it refers
to some small groups of hunters and herde-
men living north of the great Gobi desert;
in the second sense it denotes certain peoples
in Asia and eestern Europe; in the third and
most recent sense an almost worldwide
extension has been given it, In this third
and broad sense the word Mongol has been
made to include in one category all yellow
skinned rations or peoples, Including those
with a reddish brown or dark tinge in the
‘yellow. They are also assumed to have
straight hair, always black, and dark eyes
of various degrees of intensity. In this
sense the word Mongol coordinates immense
groups cf men who in some traits are like
ome another but are widely dissimilar in
others. It comprehends the Chinese, the
Coreans, the Japanese, the Manchus and
the original Mongols, with their near rela-
tives, the Tatar or Turkish tribes, that
hold central Asia or most of it. Moving
eouthwestward from China the term covers
the Tibetans, and with them all the non-
Aryan nations and tribes, until India and
| Persia are reached, In India also, whose
(Most striking history in modern ages is
Mongol, nearly all populations, except those
which are plainly of Aryan or Semitic
stock, are classified with Mongols, In
Persia, where the dynasty is Mongol, the
Mongolian race is preponderant in places
and important throughout the kingdom,
even where it is in a minority. In Asia
Minor. the Mongol is master, for the Turk
is still sovereign and will be till a com-
plete rearrangement of southeastern Europe
and western Asia is brought about. Mr,
Curtin reminds us that five groups of Mon-
gole have made themselves famous in

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

The manners and

    
 

   

Europe; the Huns, under their mighty chief
Attila; the Bulgars, the Magyare, the Mon-

century, and the Turks or Osmanli, who
captured Constantinople about the middle
of the fifteenth century, In Africa too
there have been and etill are Mongols,
Theoretically at least the Turkish de
minion exists in Egypt and in Tripoll: Not
restricted to the Eastern Hemisphere, the
word Mongo! is now often used to include
aboriginal man in America, Thus this
great aggregation of human beings Is
found in all parts of both hemispheres, and
the Mongols cannot be considered hie-
torically in a wide sense of the name unless
we consider all mankind.

Turning now to the original and narrows
est sense of the word, our author recog-
nizes that the term was first applicable
only tc those Mongols who during twelve
centuries or more have inhabited the country
immediately south of Lake Baikal and
north of the great Gobi Desert, It is from
these Mongols proper that the appellation
has at last been extencled to the whole
yellow race in both hemispheres, It is
often said that the word Mongol was coined
by the Chinese, but Mr. Curtin deems this
doubtful, He admits, however, that the
Chinese made the name known to the out-
side world, and thus opened the way to
the wide application now given it, In
the Middle Kingdom, the Tang dynasty
lasted from A. D. 618 to A. D. 907, and left
an interesting history of its own, in which
the term Mongol appears as Mong-ku,
whereas in the annals of the Khitan dynasty,
which followed the Tang, the form used
is Mong-ku-li. The Khitans were suo-
ceeded by the Golden Khans, or Khin Empe-
rors, and in the annals of their line the
Mong-ku are very often mentioned,

There seems to be no doubt that the
Mongols began their career somewhat
south of Lake Ba'kal, ina region where six
rivers rise in a very remarkable mountain
tract. Three of these, the Onon, the Ingoda
and the Kerulon, are the main western
sources of that immense waterway the
Amur, which enters the Sea of Okhotsk and
thus finds the Pacific. The other three
rivers, the Tula, Orhon and Selinga, flow
into Lake Baikal, and thence, through the
Lower Angara and the Yenisse', are merged
in Arotic waters, direotly in front of Nova
Zembla. These two water systems begin
in the Kentei Khan Mountains, which have
as their most elevated peak Mount Burham.
The aix rivers, while flowing either toward
the Amur or toward Lake Baikal, water the
whole stretch of country where, as far as we
know, the activity of the Mongols began.
There they moyed about with their large
and smal! cattle, fought, robbed and hunted
ate and drank and slew one another during
unreckoned centuries, In that region of
forest and grass land, of mountains and
valleys, of rivers, large and small, the air
is bracing, though piercingly cold during
winter and exceedingly hot in the summer
months. There was subsistence enough
for a simple life in that country, but men
had to fight for it savagely. Flocks and
herds, when they have grown numerous,
need immense spaces to feed in, and the
necessary areas of pasture land caused un-
ending struggle and bloodshed.

This grabbing of pasture and forest,
this stealing of cattle and capture of women
continued for ages with no apparent results
except those which were personal, local and
transient, till Temudjin, the great Mongol—
better known to us as Genghis Khan—
appeared in that rough mountain country.
This man summed up in himeelf and in-
tensified to the utmost the ideas, strength,
temper and spirit of his race as they had
been presented in action and life up to
his day. He placed the Mongols on the
stage of the world with a skill and.a power
that were colossal andall conquering. The
resulta which he achieved were immediato
and terrifying. As Mr. Curtin truly says,
no man born of woman has had thus far in
history a success 60 peculiar, so thorough
and perfect, so completely acknowledged by
mankind, as the success won by Temudjin.
We seem to feel in his career an irresistible
sequence, a finish, a oneness of character,
that sete it apart among all the careers of
those mighty men in history who worked
for this life and no other, who strove for
no object save that which is tangible, ma-
terial and present—success of such kind,
and success so enormous, that a common
intelligence might yearn for it but would
have no more chance of winning it than
of reaching the stars or of seeing the sun
at midnight. Almost all thoughtful men
will concur with the author of this book
in pronouncing the career of this Mongol ,
unique on this earth, unapproachable,
since its object was unmixed and immedi-
ate and his succese in attaining it was 0
great that it appears, we might almost say,
superhuman.

The story of Genghis Khan, as here re-
counted, is followed by the story of his suc-
cessors, including, of course, the famous
Tamerlane down to the fifteenth century.
During some two hundred years Mongol
princes strove unoeasingly to regain lost
dominion, yielding to China when sufficient
force was sent against them or attacking
border provinoes of the empire when thoss
provinces were left unguarded, At last,
toward the middle of the seventeenth cen-
tury, when the Ming dynasty was nearing
its downfall in the Middle Kingdom, the
Mongols found themselves divided into
groups under various small chieftains, each
of whom bore the title of Khan. After the
Manchu dynasty had won control in China,
about the middle of the seventeenth oen-
tury, it took under its protection the eastern-
most Mongols and with their aid conquered
nearly all the rest. Sinoe ‘1760 most of the
Mongols proper have been subject to China,
while @ remnant is under Russian rule.

It was Mr. Curtin'’s conviction that, re-
markable as has been the part played by
the Mongols in history, the part yet to be
played by them may be far more memor-
able. How great and how varied that part
may prove and of what character is one of
the secrets of the future.

 

RUSSIAN RAILROAD STORY.

Hew e@ Student Thought to Relieve the
Tedtum of Travel.
St. Petersburg correspondence London Globe.

The tedium of railway travelling in Russia
was relieved the other day in an unexpected

manner, In a compartm of the train
going from Kurek to a beautiful
young lady next to a leat, with
whom she held an an versation,
Opposite sat a student w the priest
the causerie which he wi ing.

As the evening came on the gir! fell asleep
and the priest nodded his head in slumber
That wasan opportunity which no self-reapect-
ing practical joker could afford to let alip.
Bending forward, the atudent kissed ihe slvep-
ing damsel and sprang back into his seat.

The salute awakened the girl, who, think-
ing that it was her neighbor, the priest, who
had dared to kiss her, jumped up and gave
him a sounding boxontheears. The student
rejoiced greatly. There was a commotion,
the policeman accompanying the train was
summoned, and he at once drew up a “pro-
tocol” against the wronged priest, while the
student offered to appear as a witness in the
law court at Kief.

But at the last moment a young Jewess
who had been sitting in a dark corner unob-
served by anybody stepped forward, exon
erated the poor priest from the terrible acen-
sation, and then it was the student's turn to
feel miserabla |

~~ 6 ?

er