.

 

IT SEEKS TO TEACH THE BEAUTY
. IN EVERYDAY LIFE:

   

Alfred Stieglite Tells How He Started
the PhoteSecession Movement and
What He and His Associates Hope
to Accomplish With the Camera.

Alfred Stieglitz, leader of the new art
movement that calle itself photo-seceasion,
may be seen in the little exhibition rooms

-at 201 V’ifth avenue on any day of the week

showing the latest work of some fellow
artist ‘with the camera, answering pa-
tiently the uninteresting questions of many
bromidic visitors and accepting always
without annoyance the eternal exclama-
tion: “Well, if it doesn't almost look like a
painting!” or the patronizing: “I really
must take up photography,”

And always he must face the question:
“What ia the photo-secession movement—
what is it trying to accomplish?”

Before answering Mr. Stieglitz carefully
aizes up the questioner, and if the face is
one of those which Mr. Stieglitz calls dead
the reply comes in sad tones:

“If you do not know T cannot tell you,
hecause you would not understand,”

If, on the other hand, there is as much
asa apark of sympathy in the attitude of
the listener a perfect avalanche of words
may come to overwhelm him, to carry him
away from the world of debit and credit
to realms where only the beautiful is real
and only reality can exiat,

“We are searching for the ultimate truth,
Yor the human being who is so simple in
every way that he can look at things ob-
jectively with a purely analytical point of
view,” ho will say. “We are striving for
freedom of experience and justice in the
filleat sense of the word,

“We have no formulated theories, like
George Bernard Shaw's, because we believe
that a formulated theory is a narrowing
thing, lacking in that perfect freedom
which we are looking for. Of course we
do not expect to achieve this, but we be-
lieve that if only people are taught to ap-
preciate the beautiful side of their daily
existence, to be aware of all the beauty
which constantly surrounds them, they
must gradually approach this ideal. For
beauty is the ullimate truth, and truth
means freedom.

“And we believe that the camera is one
of. the most effective means of teaching
people to distinguish between what is beau-
tiful and what is not. It forces upon them
a realization of line and composition and
forms in them the habit of looking for the
pictorial side of everything.

“My own experience has taught me that
people can be educated up to an apprecia-
tion of art. When | wasa boy of 19 I openly
declared that Rembrandt was rot. At this
time | was living in Berlin with a soulptor
who was a very wiés person,

“Instead of arguing with me he sent me
every day to look at the statues and the
old Madonnas, and gradually things began
to happen to me

‘That's the best you can do for a person
—keep putting things in front of him, and
that's why we have such faith in these
little galleries of ours. People come in
here, some of them week after week, and
the exhibiis which they see cannot help
having some effect.

“L's like a process of sticking pins into
them. Even the least sensitive must feel
it eventually,

‘How did the secession movement be-

gin? Well, the thing started some twenty
years ago oo T was still studying in Ger-
mapv. | had always had a hankering for

i
_—_——
i

the dark room, and when I discovered

that a certain. Prof. Vogel was giving a
courage in photographi¢ chemistry I joined

his class.

‘Il looked upon that man as a perfect |
god, and when | saw some of the things |
he had done I gaidto him: ‘Teach me thie
and | will be the happiest man on earth.’
Soon I knew all Vogel had to show me,

' and instead of being the happiest ! was the

*poat miserable man on earth,

‘However, | had been strongly drawn
to the subject. Fascinated by the little |
knowledge [ had gained and spurred on
by the limitations which I felt so keenly,

T now began to work independently, and
when I felt that I had really accomplished
results | showed them to the sculptor with
whom I lived.

“On bis persuasion I also showed them
to the artistic friends with whom we as-
ancieted, but only to meet the exclama-

‘tion. ‘To think that photography can do
this'!! When | demanded serious artiatic
recognition they laughed.

“Irritated by this patronizing attitude
1 went home and did some hard thinking.
1 determined then andthere to take up the
fightof photography and to see it through
even if it took my whole life. | recognized
the fact that I should have to get over the
stepping stones so | worked along hard and
fast and watched what the other people
were doing.

‘Jn 1886 [won my first prize. It wasin the
internationa! exhibit in London and the |
judge of the show, Dr. P. H. Emerson, |
wrote mea letter predicting a great future
for me. Being a very human person. of |
course I felt that | was great, but it didn't |
take me an hour lo see that the other com- |
vetilors must have been a pretty poor ot
if | had been able to beat them,

‘Until 188) 1 was a veritable medal fiend.
Wherever there was an exhibition, in Ger-
many. England, Austria or France, | always
se t some pictures. and generally with
preity good success But always I was
working with the fixed purpose of under-
mining the old *raditions, of forcing people
to recognize ‘he possibilities of the camera
end its work,

“About this time I was called back to
America through family affaire and here
it was cently suggested to me that I had
reached the age when most people began
to think of being useful, Photography
was all | knew, but I would not use my
thotography for gaining a livelihood,

‘By some friends who had failed I wae
presented with a photo-engraving eatab-
lishtrent and in a few months | had gone
through some $12,000, I had used my little
plant to reproduce photographs, for in
order to give a practical value to my en
(avors I had to prove that reproduction
contd he done. But I simply couldn't
put up with all the grafting and robbery
that | saw going on about me se ! got out
? business and stayed out,

“Rather than do nothing I now devoted
my time to the photographic organiza-
tions. For the amateur photographers
of New York [ published a little magazine
called Camera Notes, and soon American
photography began making a_ sensation
abroad, People like Clarence White and
Steichen began working at this time and
*hey just made Europe sit up.

“Well, it was the usual thing. Exhibi-
tlons in plenty, with their invariable con-
sequience--jealousy. People began to hold
ime responsible if they didn't get in, and
on all aides I met with so much strife and
opposition that | was forced to become
basei ve

“In March, 1902, Charles De Kay came
fo me and asked tne to get up an exhibition
at the National Arta Club. 1 told him I
would do it if they left me an absolutely
free hand, and under these conditions I
went. aliead. When | was tnrough the
question came up what to call it. Photo-
exhibition meant nothing, and yet the thing |
had to have a name.

“Then an idea struck me. ‘I'll cut loose
and ¢all it The Photo-secession.’ De Kay
of course asked, ‘Who are the secossionists?’
and | said, ‘I just at presen& and to-night
everybody who is in sympathy.’

“Of course the death of our movement
war oe pen but somehow we always
managed to get along. In 1905 we opened
these galleries. Our organization had no
officers and there were no dues, Anybody

 

Se eeeseneresmeresne~eshaasseessisenin

 

——_—____

  
  
  
 

   
 
 

in charge of the rooms as watoher.
hasn't been necessary, for in all these years
Dota thing has been taken from these roorns.
Tt sounds like madness, but it's really based
on sound common sense.

“We decided that we should have to go
ahead not ony in behalf of photography
but of everything individual in order to
break down the barrier hetween photog-
raphy and other mediums. But we waited
err .

“One day a young girl came straggling
in here with a portfolio under her arm.
She asked if Mr. Stieglitz were in, and being
yery busy I first answered hastily, ‘No,
I'm not.’ But I came around the next
moment and told her she could show me
her work. Well, | was amazed.

“Have you had an exhibition?’ I asked.

*'No,’ came the reply, ‘They said they
were afraid.’

“That was the sign for me.
one more test.

“Did you ever hear of Stieglitz before?’

“No, never.’

*'Good,’ I replied. ‘You're honest; come
ahead,’

“I told her that she must expect nothing
from an exhibit in our rooms, that no at-
tempt would be made to sell, but that she
might put a price on things if any one
wanted to try.

“Our firat exhibitor was Miss Pamela
Smith of London and New York, and being
almost unknown at that time, the rooms
remained empty fora week. Then a promi-
nent critic wrote an enthusiastic column
about her work and the place was jammed.
Fvery single thing was sold, and much to
my amusement half the le who came
announced that they were Miss Smith's
friends and discoverers.

“The art institutions now sat up and said,
‘What does this mean? Are you trying to
enter the field professionally” ut we
assured them that we in no sense intended
to rival them, that we merely wished to
bring to deserved notice the things which
they could not or would not exhibit. Since
our rooms are small we have always made
a specialty of the little, intimate things that
would be lost in the our meee.

“Steichen, believing in this thing just
as | did, furthered the movement abroad.
Among other people he interested Rodin
in the work, and Rodin sent us for exhibition
a series of hie drawings. This was the
firat Rodin exhibit in Amerida, and it created
such jealousy that reporters began coming
around to ask whether they were real or
-“ copies.

“Edward J. Steichen is at present the
mainstay of the movement for the false
reason that he is at the same time a famous
painter,
real difference, but it is true t
aro more willing to believe in photography
as an artistic medium when they see an
artist who has other recognized means of
expression making use of it.

“Are we going to continue? Of course
doubts as to the benefit of our work do
come to us, but we are poing to continue
the fight as long as people need us.”

Just then Mr. Stieglitz was interrupted
by the entrance of a smooth shaven, bus
type of man who asked if there wae any-
thing todo. When he received a negative
reply he went out gaying that he would
on in again.

“Now, that's the sort of thing that makes
us keep on,” Mr. Stieglitz continued, “There
is a Standard Oil magnate who is glad to
come in here and tie up bundles because
he can't do anything else to help along the
cause. As long as we can do that to the
American business man I don't think we
are working for nothing.

“Just as physicians take care of people's
bodies, we try to take care of their minds
so that they may live in the fullest sense of
the word; if we do this we shall realize all
that we are striving for.”

DID LINCOLN WEAR WHISKERS?

A Matter of History and of Art That Has
Stirred Up Omaha.

Omana, April 25.—The city of Omaha
is atirred up on the question whether or
not Abraham Lincoln wore whiskers when
he was first inaugurated. So bitter has
the feeling become that each side to the
controversy threatens to resort to the
courts.

The trouble started when 20,000 Omaha
public school children contributed 10 cente
each and bought a statue of the great
emancipator. The order was placed with
Zelezny in Vienna, and a few weeks ago
the bronze was delivered in Omaha. It
was in a big packing case, and half a hun-
dred artiste, school teachers and others
interested crowded around when the cover
was taken off and the wrappings of the
statue removed.

There were no whiskers on the bronze
face.

Then the row started. J. Laurie Wal-
lace, acknowledged by himself to be the
greatest art critic west of New York, as-
serted emphatically that the statue should
never be erected,

“It will make of Omaha the laughing
stock of the entire country,” said Mr.
Wallace. “The ideu of a whiskerlees Lin-
soln! It ie absurd!”

    

      

1 applied

 

Of course this meal make me |
$ peor |

the goods. Keene Se ‘

    
   

|
|

|
|

|
}

SS ss Ss

Thereupon a petition was started asking |

the school board to interfere and prevent
the “abortion” from being placed where
thousands of school children would have
their ideas of Lincoln and his whiskers,
as well as their ideas of what is “true art,”

contaminated,

To the rescue of the statue came Gen,
C. F. Manderson, ex-United States Sena-
tor, general solicitor of the Burlington
railroad, who has known every Presideut
for fifty years and who knew Lincoln in-
timately. Gen, Mandersop, as he looked
at the bronze face, took off his bat and
said: “It's perfect image of Lincoln the
day he was inaugurated, He had no beard
that day.”

The newspapers took the matier up and
opened their columns to the public —an
the public filled all the space allotted, and
would have gotten out special editions on
the matter if the business managers of the
papers had consented. Everybody in town,
except the school children who paid for
the statue, wanted to write.

People from other States got mixed in
the fight, Arthur Neil of Kansas City,
whose uncle, William Denison, was Gov-
ernor of Ohio and at whose house in Colum-
bus, Ohio, Lincoln stop on his way to
Washington, made a trip all the way to
Omaha to “get in the game” and to insist
that there were whiskers on Lincoln's face
that night in Columbus.

“I stood right by him, and | ought to
know," says Neil firmly. hy

Half a hundred searchers visited the
Omaha public library seeking old maga-
zines and pictures of Lincoln made in the
tirst year of his administration. Whenever
a print showing whiskers was found the
“knockers” emitted a yell of joy. And
when a whiskerless Lincoln was
“I told you so” was a chorus heard in thar
end of town.

After a week of fussing the statue was
lost sight of. The statue may be good or
bad, nobody cares; but the vital question
in Omaha to-day is whether Lincoln wore
whiskers when he was inaugurated.

In the meantime the statue has been |

put in place on the high sohool grounds
and the children who paid for it are well
pleased with the result,

Lived @& Years in One House.

Barnesville corveapondence Columbua Dispatch,

lo have been born and to have lived in the
same house for ninety-five and ninety years
respectively is a record that perhaps few tn-
dividuals have ever won, But such is the
record of Alexander and Betay Ogg, brother
and sis‘er and venerable citizens of Warren

' township all their long lives,

Roth were born and are still living in the
house where they first saw the jight of day
near this city, Mr. Ogg and his sister are
peraape the oldest living persons who were

oro in this township away
ness days, and considering the great shift-
ing ol the scenes that has transpired during
their long lives it seems remarkable that
they should hive remained in contentment
al the place of their birth and in the same
house that firet sheltered them ip their in-
fancy,

ack inthe wilder- |

|

iscovered, |

 

In the marsh lands where the ooze Is seeping,
Hark, @ tree toad tuning pp bis lyre!
Minstrel he who's had enough of sleeping:
Now for some rathe muste with the cheeping
Of the peewees chiming, and the peeping
Jf the frogs, While maple boughs are leaplog
Into fire!
4h, the mystle magie of desire!
The old vernal,
‘The recurreut magic, the evernal
Impulse to aspire!
You can feel it, brother, on you creeping
Wetcome, welcome, welcome, for the reaping
Will be something nobler, something bigher!
CLINTON SCOLLARD,

 

Age in Exile.
Weary of the miles and miles of crowded sireet and

equare,

Weary of the towering walls that stiot the light
and alr,

Weary of the clanging belis—ay, moidbered with
the nolse

Weary of (he crabbit looks of little girls and boys

How | miss the mountainside, and how I miss the
giins!

How | miss the singing and the sighing of the win's!

How | mise the allence in the dark that used to fall

Yot it Is the neighbors that I miss the most of all,

Faces by the thousand, \t is bere a man may pase

Never such a sight at home, at market or at mass!

Faces like the tides that in the river ebb and flow,

Yet, among (bem all, there's not a face a man may
know,

Ah, I'm often wishing now for just a sight of one

Face that was familiar in the pleasant time that's
fone

Flow the sight would hearten me when life begins
to pall-

For it is the neighbors that I mies the most of all!

Ay, my boysare good as gold since firstthey brought
me out—
Nota blessed thing to do but smoke and walk about,
Fating of the very best and wearing decent clothes—
Sure ‘tis I'm the happy man, God in heaven knows,
Yet I can't deny but that I do be missing still
Places | was used to once in meadow, vale and hill;
Piaces--ay, and faces too, and voices I recall—
For It ls the neighbors that I miss the most of all!
Danis A. McCantar,

 

 

A Subway Angel.
From Bronaville to Brooklyn town
In many a Weary mile,

You cross two rivers on the stretch
And think the job worth while,
Then land at Borough Hall, which \s

A problem and a smile.

I sat within the festive car
Whose yetrs were numbered not,

It went the pace to slaughter space
And time—nor cared a Jot

For every passenger had dropped
A nickel In the slot.

"Twas then the maid came In and threw
A psychologic throw:

“These subs are bullt for me and you
And others, don't you know?"

1 ralsed my hat—lt wasn't new-
And answered; “Yes, that's so!”

At Brooklyn fell the April rain,
it flummized me—that's flat,
For 1 had no umbrella, but
The maid was mighty pat.
She gayly urged: “If you'd keep dry
Step undernéath my hat.”
Evoene Gear.

 

Green Bod and Brown Leaf.
Ia April's prime | saw upon & bough
Wheretbrough spring's vital juice went coursing
clear,
Festatic harbinger of June days near,
With buddage of fruition’s vernal vow —
Green wavelets curling from the speeding prow
Of Flora’s breeze-borne barque—all brown aad
sere,
One lonely, lingering leaf of yesteryear
And be himself was once as they are now!

Green bud—and Ichor of the round year's youth!
Broad jeaf—and mystery of sun and shade,
With fellowship of light and alr and song!
The green leaf, dreaming on the edge of truth—
The brown leaf, reminiscent and dismayed:
And green to brown, a wondrous way, not jong!
OWEN “V@RRT,
———
Masings of a Critic's Wife.
recall so well a longing that | had when | was
seven,
Which, though charged with high ambition, yet
had much of falth as heaven,
For ‘twas then to genius worship (hat my soul ‘did
first succumb,
And | longed, oh! bow | longed to wed the famous
General Thumb.

When they took me to the circus | Was going on to
eight,

And the dazzling bareback rider | considered simply
great,

As im spangied tights he vaulted nimbly through
the atmosphere,

Or bowed grandly to the people as they sent bim
cheer on cheer.

At Ubirieen to Paderewsk! my young affections

leaned,

But when Afteen brought Kyrie Bellew all other
hopes careened

At sweet sisteen | heard the voice (hat almost
broke my heart,

"Twas the De Kesckes— Jean, of course. Ip ' Faust”
— that stunolog pari.

1 recall the admiration that assalied me at eighteen

ror a very gifted artist of a most pecullar mlea

But, worship of the highest, to the king of this
royal clan,

1 sacrificed at twenty (o @ brilliant editor man

Now I'm married and as merry as sweet marriage

bells in June,
Nevermore will genius lure me ‘neaib the limelight

nor the moon

For my husband Is a critic, and—although he's
monstrous brigut,

Just (o show the faults of genius keeps hint busting
day and night,

 

Fences and Offences.
laside of the fence you may rambie
And bet like @ regular sport;
Outside of the fence, If you gambie
You may have to answer at court.

‘The thing is as old as creation;
Indeed, it began with the race:
Inalde was beatific ation:
Outside of the fence was disgrace,

For Eve was the very first piker
She bet a red apple to win

Aud now there are lots of us ike her
We bet, and are caught, and we sin!

Just what Is considered a virtue
Depends upon where you may be;
The things that can morally burt you

Are matters of geographee

The fellow who iives in Missourt

May smoke what he pleases, and yet
In Ulinols faces a jury

If caught with a vile cigarette!

Ob, let us be glad there are places
Where still we may do as we choose,
And put down our bets on the races
Inside of the fence, though we lose
W, Ad

 

Scared!
Ob, there's tremblin’ at Chicago,
Omaha an’ New Orleens,
An’ it hurts New York and Frisco
Tor to look behind the scenes
‘Cause We ain't got any army
An’ our navy ain't wuth beans!

Should a nation want to lick us
There ain't nothin’ we could do

Rul to take our dose of bitters
An’ lay low a year or two

An’ when we'd jest get to fightin’
"Tother nation would be through.

“\'p an’ at ‘em, gallant Umpty!”
Yells the Gen'ral to his men.

An’ they go a-chargin’ forward
In an aggregate of ten.

Alu't it awful? Of that army
Only one comes back again!

An’ the nuvy tries Its darnedest
But Ita turrets are a-lee,

An’ lie armor’s on the bias,
An’ the helm won't answer “gee”,

An’ the Admiral's commission
Bears a date back in B.C.

Dreful state! Now s'pose the Zulus
Take a fancy for a fight!

Or the Hottentots or Muskies!
Why, they'd lam us out of sight’

An’ I tell you, friends an’ neighbors, '
Sech wide openness ain't righ!

\n' I've polished up the flrelock
Gran'ther used at Bunker Hill,

\n' I've got It handy, loaded
With a double buckshot plll;

An’ they don't get me for nothin'--
i'm a-watebin’, ready, BI

gow L. Sapam.

  
  

 

|

 

eh SSS SSS ss SS rls SSS

| Who had @ great dog

M was @ Miser

' quired for this alphabet,

  
  
  

" -
i be

wre %

Recently there w:
hews an account of
the coast of tany w
buried in a dune out of ™ ly
mind, | have a dim recoliection that long @
heard of « similar cose on the Fagileh coast, «
ehurch buried in the sand, it is not the Whitby
church sunk in the North Sea which Ihave in mind,
but an old church ages ago engulfed in sand, and,
still dimiy recalling, | feel certain It was on the
Channel coast. Can you or sume reader give some
detatia’ LSICESTER WARNOCK,

The church in mind must be Perransabulve, though
itis not on the Channel coast, but around the Land's
End corner of Cornwali on the northwestern coast
of the duchy between St, Agnes Head and New-
quay in Perran Bay, about three miles from Per
Tanporth, All these place wames reeall St. Pir-
anus, Perransabuloe being a degraded form of (he
ancient name of this very ancient church of St.
Piranus-io-sabulls, St. Perron in the sands, Archm-
ologists are almost in accord in believing this
to be the very oratory in which St. Perran served.
The matter bas been carefully elaborated by stu-
dents of theological history for the purpose of
making clear the existence of Christianity In Fag
land before (he frst missioners arrived in Kent
with commissions from the Roman see. Theo-
logically the priority becomes an important point
in proving the nationality of the Church of Pag-
land a8 @ national church of Independent inatitu-
tution, Cornwall recelved Bishop Perran only when
he was smitten with years and sought a lonely spot
on the Severn Sea on which to make for himself a
hermit cell in which he might die, In bis earijer
life he was knowa 4s Kiaran or Kenerin, Ossory
and Cork are rival claimants of his birth, which ts
sald to have been in 852. Hearing faint rumors
of the Christian faith he went to Rome in 842 to
learn the truth, was converted, was consecrated a
Bishop, according to Irish writers, returned to his
native land with four holy clerks, Lugacius, Colum-
ban, Lugad and Cassan, In other accounts he is
named as one of the twelve aposties whom St,
Patrick consecrated Bishops to preach the Gospel
in Ireland, It is reasonably clear that be preceded
St, Patrick as a missioner among the Irish, At
Fuaran he built a waterside cell and the hamlet
which was attracted to the holy man was named
after him Sler-Keran, He gave his mother the
religious vell and appointed her to a cell near his
own and that was known by her name as Ceall
Lidain, ber name being Liadan. The accounts
vary slightly as to the date of the bullding of Per-
Tansabuloe; most say that it was bullt by St. Pir-
anus for his own oratory in the fifth century, some
that it was erected to his memory in the siath cen-
tury, others still describe It as a memorial tower,
The calendar day of St. Piranus is March 5,

Two or three years ago THB SUN resolved clearly
the diMculties under which I was laboring as regards
a pistol witha Spanish legend. Now! am inaeimilar
diMcuities over another plece and ask your ald and
that of your readers interested in old arms. Re-
cently myself and another collector of old frearms
came |n10 possession of seven exactly similar pistols
of the general type of Dlotiock horse pistols, bought
ata small funk shop in the outskirts of Paris, Save
for a coating of rust they are all in perfect order.
When the rust was cleared off the barrel was found
to bear, close up to the tang, the mark “M—1763."
On the lock plate is this legend in two neatly pyra-
mided lines, (| Insert the dash to show the parting
of the lines), It ts notin the original, “Mre de-
breville,” this being engravedin the steel in a neat
and (simple script. Is any knowledge accessible
which may Identify these pieces?

WIUL1aM COVENTRY SOUTHWIcK.

The lock Inscription is undoubtedly “manufacture
de Libreville.” According to Larousse, Libreville
became in the French Revolution the name of the
town formerly and again later known as Charieville,
where an arms factory was founded in 1680 and con
tinued In operation until 1834. As Charleville bore
the name of Libreville only in 1702 and the few fol-
owing years, {t seems clear that the barrel inscrip-
tion “M— 1765" does hot refer tothe yearin which the
pistols were made, but no satisfactory eaplanation
of the M now suggests liself. Of course, it is poss|-
ble that in the Revolution the need for such arms
was great and sudden (n order to put them In the
hands of citizens and citizenesses who had never
borne arme before and that the Libreville factory
assembled old barrels without regard to date and
inscribed the new name of the town on the lock
plates of the pistols then newly made up or made
over. Further Information will be welcomed by
the smal! group of enthustasts who collect arms,

7

   
   
 

 

 

 

When was |iiuminating gas Oret used in New
York’ ‘ WwW. WC

The first pipes were laid In New York streets io
1425 and {mn that year the new illuminant supplanted
the lamp posts with which the city streets had been
lighted since 1762, veritable posts with whale ol!
lamps op top. As early as 1812 experimenis had
been conducted for the production ofsgas, but no
practical results followed unfil 14625, when the
New York Gas Light Company was incorporated
and received permission the neat year to pipe the
clty streets south of Canal street. Five years later
the Manhattan Gas Light Company was incorpor-
ated and Its territory was defined as the clty north
of Canal street, ‘The original capital was $100,000
for the New York company and $60,000 for the
Manhettan. The two companies combined to form
the Consolidated Gas Company, which later became
the parent of the present company of the same
name. There was much objection to the use of
gas in the streets and many years elapsed before
it became at all common indoors,

1 have a spring tnattress which | have used io
my family since 1854. It had been in use then
several years, it is made with spiral springs
fastened on wooden slats aud covered with canvas:
about twenty five years ago It was necessary to
reuew this canvas, which had worn through at
sume of the fastenings, but It [s now in good condi
thon and in constant use. LowaL.

‘This establishes a date considerably eariler than
the recoliectlun of the furniture dealer who placed
the Introduction of spring mattresses in 1847, Cer
taloly this Massachusetts bed im use for (wo genera
tlons Is a tribute to the honesty of the crafiaman
who bullt It, Perhaps a close examination would
reveal some mark Upou It of patent appileation or
the like whieh inight Ma a deAnite date

Is it correct that Lincola in the early course of the
civil war, through the American Minister In Bel
Jum, offered the chief command of the aruy to
jaribaldl’ | read tt lu the old country at the (ime
Garibaldl sympathized with the North, but he de
clined vm (he ground (hat bis own land was not yer
free and needed him. 5S. JOMNOON,

Of the fact (hat negoliations were eulered into te
make Garibaid! a Gieneral there can be no doubt,
for the incident has been fully dlcussed In one of
the recent inagazines, Bul Garibaldl expected (hat
be would be put In supreme command of the army
of the Unlted States, and that was out of (he ques
tlow: therefore the matter was dropped before It
reached (he stage of ofictal record.

To decide an argument kindly publish the pre-
ferred and most generally Used spelling of (he word
Vv. J. O,

iequir).

As here cited in the question, with tnitial!, The
ja. forms are generally preferred; bul the use of
en- forms is by no means barred If one so prefers.
lt Is only a short time ago that enquire was the
ruling form, as it yet remains In Mogiand, and
Inquire was trying to make good Its standing ou
the score of manifest philological propriety

In the United States ls there anyi blog similar to
the Mercantile Marine of re bey in which as ap
prenilces young Men are iited (a command ships*
ManiNne.

‘The apprentice sysiem of Great Britala’s mercan-
tile fleet does nol begin to compare with the New
York city schoolship St. Mary's, a school belonging
to the Department of Education,

la what year was the Astor House built’
W. W. Conniain
lt was finished early ip 1856 and opened asa hotel

in Jume of that year,

N wag 4 Noblemaa
Gallantand bold

O was an Oyeterman
kad went about tows.
P was 4 Parson

And wore a black gown

\ wasan Archer
Who shot at @ frog.

B was a Butcher,
C_ was @ Captain
All covered with lace

Q was & Queen

D was Drunkard
Of highest degree.

And had a red face.

R was @ Robber
And hung 4s you see

S was a Salior

& was an Fsquire
With insolent brow.

F s% a Farmer
0

|
|

And followed a plough | Who spent all he got.

G was 6 Gamesier T was a Tinker

And he had itt luck. And mended a pot

M owas & Munter VU wasa Usurer

And hunted @ buck. A miserly elf

| was an Inn keeper V wasa Vintner

Who loved a bouse Who drank al! bimself.

J was @ Joiner W wase Watchman

And bullt up a howuee. Who guarded a doo;

K was a King X was eXpensive

And he was but aman | And 80 became poor.

, Y wasa Youth

1, was a lady
" Whe didn't love school

And firied @ fea

Z%wana Zany
And hoarded up gold.’ | And looked like a fool.

One of your correspondent; the other day in-
lt was contained tn a
primer which | owned when | was @ very little
enlid and | knew it by heart before | was 4 years
old, helped, of course, by tne Iustrations, one for
eecn letter. | remember that although | had a
reasonably correct idea of the meaning of ‘most
of the words, | had no notion as to what a Gamester,
ora Vintner, ora Wd might be; they were each
about an inch high and they looked very much
alike. It was of course diMoult to distinguish
professions within such very narrow =,

. &.

rc A ee ian
- aan a ——
- a = — —

 
   

    

  
   
    
    

   
    
   
     
    
     
  
   
   
  

    
  
    
    
    
    
  
   

  

. - , ;
ces me G
~ eitgnes toe

BB. aye: Z fe the dealer,
Sart nopet teas Pe
ec penalty bets t

the
ner, Y, claims the revoke ha’

dummy calla attention to it, the dealer cannot
exact the penalty, Y bets that as the hand Is fin
ished he Is no longer dummy, and bas all the rights
of « partaer

The dealer's partner |s a dummy until the score
has been put down aud agreed to, after which he
is at liberty to make all the sarcastic remarks he
Pleases about revokes that passed unnoticed, but
{it Is then too late to change the score. Shovid
dummy call the dealer's attention to any penally
to which the dealer is entitied before the score Is
put down, that bars the dealer from exacting It,
so that A ia right,

R.WLY, At the end of the band |t \s found
that par has only twocards, Dealer bas three,
#o has the eldest hand, but the other player has four,
All the tricks are correct, Law 41 saya that If one
Player's hand is wrong, (he others being correct,
there must be a new deal; but It does not pay what
should be done If two players have a wrong num-
ber. Is there no law on that point?

it is a misdeal,as both aides are in error, and no
Player can be allowed to score anything when be is

playing with fourteen cardain his hand,

Sf

    

tter
rt-
an

      

  
 

Euchre, DO, says: A takes up the trump and
plays dione BH wine one trick, but at the end of the

and lt Is found that B's partner has revoked.
What does A score?

He has the option of adding four points to his
own score or of taking four off the adversaries’.
The usual penalty is to score the four points, the
same as if the lone hand had succeeded, It makes
no difference that it was not the player who wou
@ trick that revoked,

H. M. says: A deals three cards to each and only
two to himself the first round; then two to each
and three to himself, Is this allowed’

No. Itis a misdeal and the dealer loses his deal.

R. W. C, says: The dealer takes up the trump,
but after he has played to the Grat trick he finds
that be bas not yet discarded, A pete that the
lead can be taken baek and the first trick played
over. Is this correct?

‘The lead stands and the penalty is that the dealer
and bis partner cannot score anything that deal,
oven if they make the point.

Cribbage, S$. A.C. says: Please count this hand
for us: A nine and four treys,

Put the four treys In @ square and you can get
alx different pairs by taking each of the sides and
diagonals as a separate combination of trays,
worth 12 holes, Then each of these pairs will
combine with the nine to make a fifteen, 12 more
holes, That gives us 24 altogether

A. G. B, says: A and B playing, the cards fall,
4,6, 4,5,4,5,2, What rims are to be pegged’

B 6 second card makes & run of three. A's next
play makes 4 run of four, That is a, unless we

last card ls @ go.

J.D. B, says: Does the jack of the same suit as
the starter count when it !s found In the crib, the
same as whep it is in the hand’

Yes, One for his nobs.

FP. A. says: A cuta the cards property for the
starter and holds the upper part of the pack in his
hand for the dealer to turn up the top card, In
doing 60 the dealer exposes two cards, It in A
question as to which Is the right one, Must there
be a new cut, or does the dealer turn up another
card altogether, laying aside the two that were e1-
posed*

The non-dealer has the cholee of the first (wo
cards which were exposed by the dealer, There

is no fresh cut —_

Skat. H.R. K. says: A leads out of turn, and
the player calls attention to It. but says he will let
the play proceed, as he may make schnelder, A
says “All right. Play ahead,” but the player la-
gists that A take back his card and that the lead
come from the proper hand.’ A bets that this is
exacting tWo penalties; to inaist om (be game as
forfeited and to change the lead

The player has the choice of letting the false
lead stand and playing to |t or of having It taken
back and having the lead come from the one that
should have led. This rule ts the same in many
other games. In bridge, for Instance, a Wroug
lead {s not only taken back but a sult may be called
as penalty

Kn, lL. says’ What Ie the value of an open
grand to be at ihe skat tournament in New York
on June 21?

There te no special value attached to It, so that
all a player can do ts to announce (he schwars
and take hia five mullipiiers. Nothing ts tobe
gained by playing the hand open,

Pinochle. C. G, says; A bets that in two hand
he can lay out the four kings and queens at once
and meld them for 24. H bets he will have to
meld them separately, and that he can get onl)
23) out of them

Ais right, Atrick must be taken for each of the
five separate melds that go to make up the 22),
and nothing Is to be gained by laying down ali the
cards at once: In fact it is a disadvantage, because
it exposes the player's holding and shows his ad-
versary that It is useless to play for certain things
It Is always good play to conceal what you have
to meld as long a8 you can safely do so, when such
concealment may lead your opponent to break
up his hand to trying to get something which he
would know was Impossible If ali your meids were
on the table, , ed

J.J. M. says: If the bidder wanta 280 to get ont
while another player wants ten only, must the
player that wants ten walt until be sees if the bidder
ean get 280°

Yes: because if the bidder can get enough to put
him out he wins the game, as be has the first count,
It is this privilege of having the frst count that
induces people to bid on the hands, because Ifthey
do not bld they may be left at the post

W. RC. says: Toward the end of the drawing
in a two hand game it Is found that B has a card
too many, Wille \ has tis right number, What
bappens*

As It Is supposed that A does nat know how B
got a card too many A cnn efther demand @ wew
deal or jet B play without drawing one turn, so
as to reduce bis hand to its right number again

O. HK. says: To three band \ lays down
kingsand 6 queens, With the A, 10. J of trumps
He meld¢ these cards for 300 H bets they are
worth S@ only, While C bets It is only 4). C's con
tention is that if the trumps are melded for 1M), only
two tnarriages of 20 each can be added, and the re
maining king and queen Will have to be used for
the melds of S and @, How do you count the
melds?

If the kings are Melded first for SO, three Qf them
can be married for 4), 20 and 20. Then the fourth
queen can be put down for 6 more, and then the
three trumps can he added for 1 more. a total of
870; so that none of the players covuted the meld
correctly, ----

Poker. N. J.C. says: A opens a net and spiits
a pair of queens to try fora Mush,  B bets he should
have announced that he was splitting before he
drew cards

It is contrary to the Whole spirit of poker to make
a player disclose bis gaine before his hand Is called
For this reason, a player cannot be Made to declare
that althougt he Has opened @ Jack pot he hawrnoth
ing but a bobtall to draw to It Was at one time
suggested that a four Must or straight stould be an
opening qualification, 6o that the others stowd hot
know whether It Was thal, of (Wo pairs, or threes
and a kicker, they Were up against, Hut the latest
and best rule Is that the opener must have jacks or
better, and (hat Whether he Is going to spilt or not,
the opener Must alWays put Nis discard under the
chips in the pool, so that It May be there to show
what he had when he opened (8 he puts his dis.
card there all the time, there {sno difference IWhis
discarding When he splits and when he does not

M. G. says: If the dealer presents the cards to
be cut, must the player on the rigat cut them, or
can he tap them, or say, “Let them run”?

According to the laws of the game, the player
can cut or not as le pleases.
cards need not be cut probably originated tn the
good old days When the sports Were not a8 expert
in shifting cuts as they are now, and they found
{t convenient to have « partner sitting on the right
who would let the top slock stand

B. A. W. says
a table o take gate and (wo of the others want to go
of, how ts the pot decided when || comes to « show
down’

That will depend on who hasthe best hand, If

the sight caller has pot the best, his money is swept |

Into the general pool, bul unul the showdown
his money and as much of the others as will meet
it must be keplapart. Suppose A calls a sight ana
has the best hand, B beating C, A takes the first
part of the pot and B takes what |s left.

G. W. M. says: On 4 ‘call after some bluffing
on one card draws, A shows a four card straight
flush, jack high. shows a four card straight,
Various sulle, king bigh. A bets that as his bobtall
was flush as Well as siralgbt he wins the pot

Four flushes and four straights are hot worth
anything and the two hands are simply Jack bigh

and king high respectively, so that Bb wins the pot.

Conquian. T. R. J. says; A lays down a run of
five to a seven and four aces, On drawing 4 seven
he eye it down and calls out on three sevens, the
card in bis hand being a seven. BU vets he cannot
break into a run in this way

As long as three cards In sequence are left on the
table the end cards may be borrowed, As A takes
the top card he leaves a run of four to the ai, so

that his play ts correct,

Kearté. M, McD, says: A bets that with two
trumps and three amali cards of the same sult it Is
ap even chance that the player will win if he stands.

lf A means that the odds are neiuer for nor

against bim he loses, becatise it ts not an “even
chance.” As there are 65,780 hands and the

player's chance ts to win In 47,768 of them when he
has two trumps and a three card sull the odds are
about 48 to 18 in his (@vor, which Is much better
than “ap even chance.”

Hearts. H. M. asks
hearts and lheartseite.

Heartsetic is vcarts with « widow, The winner
of the first trick takes in the widow and any hearts
in it are counted against bim. He can look at
them, but he should not tell any of the other players
whether he le loaded or pot,

the difference between

 

go
ee ial a

      

* .

A re
A

The law that the |

Ifa man has all his money up in }

sepia ds are oem

 

Re Ea ai ke

24

  

was host and Charles F. Murphy, Willlam F.
Sheehan and Dante! F. Cohalati were guests,
waa there a distinct agreement, in fact a com-
pact accepted by all, that William J. Conners
of Buffalo was to be displaced as Democratic
State chairman at the recent State conven-

tion?

“Wolf politios” ts thé phrase used by orittes
of the acta of the Democratic Stute conven
tion to Carnegie Halt,

William J. K. Kenny of New York city, the
oldest living authority in compiling short and
snappy bits of political lore, is out with @ book -
let entitled “Every American Should Koow, ”
in which we read that:

The President and Vice-President of the
United States are chosen by electors selected
in each State an (ta Legislature directa, The
Legislature of a State nay appoint its elec-
tors, but they are usually balloted for by the
voters of the whole Srate, In some States
the votere of each Congressional dist pict have
been permitted to choose an elector, and the
electors additional to those allotted to dis-
tricta have been elected on a general ticket.
This has regulted in every case in the di-
vision of the State's electoral votes.

There is a Presidential elector for each of
the ninety-two Senators aud 491 Kepreseuta-
tives in Congress, or 483 electors altogether,
A majority (242 votes) elects

Flectors are not legally bound to vote for

the candidates for President and Vice-Presi-
dent named by the national conventions of
their respective parties, If, through a blun-
der, the party Winning @ majority of electors
had nominated both its candidates from one
State, the electors representing that State
sould vote for only ope of those candidates
The Copstitytion of the United States says
“The electors shall. meet in their respective
States and vote by ballot for President and
Vice-President, one of whom al least shall
not be an inhabitant of the same State with
themselves:

. Fhe Demaoratic national. convention con-

ists of 1,008 delegates. two for each United

ates Senator and Kepresentative in the Con-
reas, of 966 representing the Slates ancl alx
for each of the seven Territorlés or dependen-
Alaska, Arizona, District of Columbia,

cles
Porto Kico and the

Hawaii, New Mexico,
Philippines, ; a Le

The Republican national eonvention Con-
siafe of O80 dlelewaten~two for each Senato!
and Representative in the Congress, or 66
representing the States’ and two each for
Mirone, New. Mexico, Hawaii, Alaska, [is-
trict of Columbia, Porto Rico andthe Philip

pines... , sad!
"a fhe Republican national convention 4
majority yote onty ia required to nomiyte
candidates for President and Vice-President
In the Pemocratic national conventional wo-

thirds vote is nevessary. The necessary num-
ber of votes in the Republican convention is
491, Jp the Democratic it is 67"

John P. Ulmated of Buffalo, recently ap-
pointed by Gov. Hughes to the vacancy on
the up-State Public Service Commission due
to the retirement of Charles H. Keep, is the
business partner of Charles Greiner, brot her
of Postmaster Greiner, Presideht Roosevelt's
Republican leader of Frie county

Senatoc McCarren in submitting his minor-
ity report of the. committee on credentials to
the Carnegie Hall convention gave the follow-
ing figures of the resulis at the primaries iv

the following districts in Kings:
Voted at Primaty

Enrolled For or

Assembly Democratic M-Curren’s Contest
Dist, \ otera. Men ants
8. .sseveeverees 5,691 2,578 1 Ben
4 4,763 2.200 127s
a 3.34) ial? oa7
8 4% 1,338 a]
13 44m) 1027 1a
14 oo! 4 Hi ba8
ib 4.00: 1 S14 104
16 5,22 2,027 6
7 34M 1,24 1.078
is 3,7) 1480 fa

McCarren’s men, however, were thrown out.

| Zoe

| Somebody, it is freely said in Tammany
circles, must get to work pretty soon if State
Kngineer Skene is to be renominated next
fat Then come whispers that Mr. Skene
has somehow overlooked in the conduct of
his office the friends of Charles F. Murphy
and has seemed to think that the only Demo-
crat ative in the State is Joseph Cassidy of
Queens. Skene was nominated by Murphy
at Buffalo after Cassidy had been unmerci-
fully beaten at the primaries by Bermel
Murphy ordered Cassidy to put up 4 contest
and the Bermel delegates were furned out
But for all that it ia said that there isa rupture
between Murphy and Skene, @

|
|
|

|
Charles J. French, president of the New
Hampshire branch of the American Federation
Ss Labor, has sent throughout the country
' hundreds of thousands of copies of a circular
| attacking Secretary of War Taft, The circular
| contains these fines: “It shwold be known
and known now that our objection to Taft's
candidacy i# unrelenting, insurmountable and
determined, even to bis defeat at the polls
in- November.”
|
|
|
|
|
|

PRINCE WHO EARNED 4 LIVING,

Poor Cousin of King Peterof Servia Work ed

at a Trade in Paris,

Paris, April 16.—Prince Bojidar Kara-
georgevitch died here recently, aged 47,
He was the great-grandson of the peasant
Karageorge, who freed Servia from the
Turks and placed his family on the throne
That family after being dispossessed of the
throne by another family of peasant origin
is again represented on the throne in the
person of Peter Karageorgeviteh

When the murder of Alexander and
Draga opened the way to the throne for
King Peter, Prince Bojidar could have gone
to Belgrade, clad himself in a gaudy uni-
form ant lived as a Prince, but he would
not make the change

“{ havea trade,” he said; “lam a working

| jeweller; and I want to earn my living in
personal freedom.”

By what miracles of economy and financ-
| Ing his mother, his brother and he succeeded
in kgeping their little house in the Avenue

du Bois de Bologné through thirty years of
{ malaery and want nobody exactly knows,
|
|

—

Only the week before Bojidar died a credi-
tor seized the house and contents for a debt
of $400, but friends raised the money, and
! Rojidar was comforted on his deathbed
bv the knowledge that a roof atill remained
for his mother and for their only retainer,
a faithful Slay woman who did all the work

of the household.

Bojidar did not allow his poverty to
weigh on his mind. He made sport of his
worn and shiny clothes and turned neck-
ties, “It's too bad my brother is taller

than | am,” he would say. “Lt_makes it

eo awkward for me to finish off his old
| and castoff overcoats.”

At firat he tried to make a living by writ-
| ing. but although equally familiar with
German, English, French and Russian he
found it impossible to eam money in this
‘way, so he took up a trade. He be-
{came a metal worker, chasing buttons,
| spoons and small ornaments with a skill
| sometimes etriking, always original
| Eventually he joined a workshop, where
| he wore the long blue blouse of the French
workingman, often took his lunch in the
open air on a bench in the nearest square
with his fellow workers, who called him
“Boji,” and earned $2.50a day. Always
cheerful, he declined an invitation to go to
a picture stfow one day lately by saying:
“(Can't do it; it would cost me a day's work,
ten francs, old fellow!"

One of his mother's friends asked him
one day what he would like for his New
Year's gift. “A dozen shirts,” wae bis
jesting answer,

“Yes,” he would say, “these embroideries
I do in the evening at my friends’ houses
While they play poker | embroider Fer-
nand Gregh, the poet, and his wife have
given me an order for them, With cus-
tomers jike that I can do freely what |
want to,
! won't let me work just as Tlike. To please
| them I have to repeat myself, make serics
| of things, and that is torture to me.”
| He was particularly proud of oné of bis
j articles that eppeared in an English fe-

view and dealt with children's toys. “Per-
| haps you think the subject of no impor-

tance. Ido not,” he said. “I hold that the
modern toy spoils the taste of children,
giving them a love of things false and
artificial, I hate these dolla all dressed

WP. with curled hair and painted cheeks.

ey pervert childhood so that the day

comes when the little girl longs to imitate
her doll. Be sure of this, it is a more seri-
ous question than it appears to be; the toy
is the first educator of infangy,”

 

  

4 <
weer so Cue S

[lO Mt ae
; a at the Hard Club, 6
(the one's 0 when Maver tise 0

  

A’

 

Oe seen <eeeeennndnereeneenpeeneinenansne

 

You know the business houss |

|

Romance fo the UVamasking of a Young
Composer Who Plagtarized.

There is an element of tomance in the
recent unmasking of a young composer
who has for the last two years beemplayigg
a considerable réle in fashionable and
musical life in Vienna, He is nob} nowsgo
conspicuous as he was in a musigal wey,
although hia standing in séciety has Bot
been so much affected by the revelations
aa to the source of bis inspiration. ~

With characteristic gratitude he blames
hia first benefactor for causing all bis pres.
ent troubles, He says that he found it@ime-
possible to return her affection and that
hia refusal to feign such feelings led hereto
charge him with'plagiariam ws

He became known two years ago: te en
English lady living in Graty. He-was ine
troduced a8 a young mugician who had

been for some time in a seminary preparing .

to enter the Chureh, but feeling the. f-
spiration to devote himseli to musrayaere
powerful than he could resist, he-had @e-
termined to turn to composition, o. o#

She heard some of hia writings, had her
friends take an interest in him ands got
him pupils. Then she took him -upsto
Vienna and Princess Pauline Mettennith
added him tc her list of protégéss» He
gave several concerts in Vienna, asfadd
was raised that he might be freed from
the necessity of working in uncongerial
ways to the damage of his ability asa eam
power, and finally a place as musical dite
structor and organist was found for 4am
in a fashionable convent in Vienna, *

So great was the merit of his conposi-
tions that he won the regard of serious
musicians, and the critics admitted that
society had at last: interested itself In @
deserving personality. It was + thought
he would certainly make a name. . 9+ 4

There was every ground for this belef,
ae the compositions had alceady m
one man famous. No fess a. musi
than Kheinberger had won » reputation
through them re

This ‘music was mot recognired at: first,
because Kheinberger's compositions being
religious in character are rarely heard in
the concert room, ‘the plagiarist are
ranged them allfor piano. In one inbfante
he composed or rearranged from the work
of Kheinberger a sonata for On
the violinist. Later he composed in the
same way 4 piano sonata for Germain
Schnitzer ; ‘

Finally it was discovered that ‘all his
works were copied directly and without
any change from Rheinberger. + Naturally
the woman who had introduced him. in
Vienna feit it her duty to explain, herself to
those who had accepted him on her he
mendation fe

In her devotion to the young musiqan
she had given him liberally of rather
limited means and sacrificed much of her
time to. advance him. The ladies to whom
she explained these facta did’ not e
the sympathetic attitude she had ‘hoped
they would. They liked the youmg. man
for bis own sake, and in amie of the over-
whelming proofs of his plagiarism it. was
some time before he was removed from
the post which had been secured as a fe-
ward for hie ability as a composer... **

He burned up all his manuscripte- rather
than have them compared with the works
of Rheinberger and declared that his friend's
motive in denouncing him was jealousy of
the great ladies who had begun to takéa
fancy to him in Vienna, At last @e-
counts the duchesses, princesses and othérs
in Vienna society were as fond of him as
ever, He is not giving 80 Many cqncerts,
however. :
WASHINGTON ROLLING ALONG,

,
People at the Capltal Using Skates Instead
of Trolley Cars. .

Wasutnoton, April 25. Washington has
more skates to the square mile than any
other city in the Union, There is no ofl
for opponents of the liquor traffic. to view
thiastatement withalarm. It merely means
that the capital's long stretches oF elmast
perfect asphalt pavements afford ‘are ideal
surface for roller skating and that people
take advantage of the condition ' ;

In Washington roller skating is aé*mue
a business as it is a pleasure: A Boranger
is surprised by the number of persons he
gees flitting about on rollers ‘

‘Three times a day the city presents 4 spec-
tacle recalling the paluty periods: of ‘the
bieyele craze, when morning, hoon and
night the streets of every city, town agd
village were jamme ! with wheels. People
skate to and from business in Wasbington,
So general is the habit that tracdion cope.
panies complain of dwind'ing revenue,

In Pennsylvania avenue betwen tha
Treasury and the Capitol the skaters: out-
automobiles and «horsedrawn
One might expect to
maj oritv: but mare

namber
vebficles two to one
ae children in a
grownups skate in Washington “

It is. a daily sight in F i's #iopping
district to see young women, and matrous
as well, swing to the curt in front of a de-
partment estore, slip off their s*Ates and
enter, hearing them in their hand, ready 4o
be donned again when the sioppittg is done,
In some of the shops it it possible 16 cheek
one's skates ’

Gray bearded men plug along sedately
twisting and Winine Lo avoid wagons anc
trolley cars wilh the nineblest of Me young-
asters, Some of the elders are so skilled “in
the art that they manoge to rraintain a pe.
spectable rate of speed while reading .@
hewspuper or at miseetine but. few take
these chances Unless the street is reasons
ably free from traf

A favorite open air rink is the wide str@et
between the vi ite House and the War De-
partment, ‘These pleasant spring evenings
attract throngs of skaters here, andthe
whirr of the rollers and (he laughter of the
skaters can be heard through the open win-
dows of the President's living apartnents,
The Roosevelts frequently approach the
fence and smilingly look on

Butcher boys deliver steaks and chops on
skates: the clash and ring of the tiny wheela
hetokens the ap; roach of the matutinal reis
and cream; the newsbevs skate; letter car-
riers in the outlying routes use skateg to get
about speedily and easily

At a recent funeral in St, John's Church
the head of an important department rolled
up to the entrance of the Arlington, handed
his skates toa bellboy and then trudged
around the corner to the church, upbuttans
ing bis frock coat and settling his top hat
firmly on his head. ‘There is a Congress-
man of nore than 40 whose sole exer
ia taken on rollers, He gets out long before
breakfast, slowly ascends a rather steep
incline and then coasts back, repeating the
proceas untihhe has counpleted the roundat
least a dozen times.

Lovers no longer stroll about in the parks,
but glide hand in hand where the skating is
oned and in streets where the electrio lights
A roofed exer

has rink

INSTRUCTION, mf

Menten nha ta on nngenenill
7 ;

Business Colleges.

ACKARD

Means THOROUGH
business education,

are not too thickly sprinkled
skating rink saul starve to death
ington, where almost every one
room gratis in front of his door,

pertabning te
Proved by

of faithful work. Individmual
instruction. Enter at any tine
without disadvantagg.

PACKARD COMMERCIAL SCHOOL

ath Ave, & 23d St lay & Evening Sesstons,

 

 

 

Yor Young Ladies,

Kindergarten, Primary Training. New York
Froebel Normal and Dr. Barle's Gnilegiate Peep,
Schoo! for Girls, 00 W, 96th, incorporated Institute
Scholarsbips, :

4 eT M4 i

  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
       
   
 

  

     
  
        
      
     
    
       
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
 
  

a a ce a ee eal ton Pe

aor ree a

Se iat tena ae tate adie