uy .

, ’

  

' drama.

WHERE 18 OUR PLAY OF 16?

FAILURE OF DRAMAS OF THE
REVOLUTION,
t
Prom Early Days Till “The Luck of Mac
ereger’ No First Class One Written
~Dramatiste of SuMcient Talent Taken
, Lp With Problems of the Present.

.

Onoe upon the Fourth of July a patriotic
Awarxonn visited a Tondon music hall
where a “human encyclopedia” was anawer-
ME questions such as “In what year did
Milosh Orenevertch knock Kara George
on the head and start the feud ip Servia?”
er “How many pins l|aid in a row would
it take to reach from London to Paris?”
and the American asked, “What great event
took place on the Fourth of July?”

/The human encyclopedia walked well
down to the footlighte angrily. “That
wa'hn't no great event,” said he, “that were
@ bloomin' houtrage!”

+ Why is it that this *bloomin' houtrage,”

which is a towering point in American ;

Metory, which has been productive of
more firecrackers, burned fingera and
fervid perorations than any other event in
our career as a nation, has never had ade-
quate représentation on our stage—it nor

any event of our war for independence? |

Why is it that the New Theatre, when it
opens on Central Park West with some-
luody as director, will find no American
historical drama of our early and surely
dramatic days worthy of a place in its
répertoire? Why have all the plays about
the Revolution, from the first years after
that striggle down to Edward Vroom's
§The Luck of Macgregor” at the Garden
Theatre last week, been comparative fail-
wres?

“Why have they been failures?” say you
“Why, because they have been such bad
plays.” Granted; but that really explains
pothing, any more than the managerial

wadition that “the public doesn't want
auch playa” explains anything, being a
Statement not of cause but effect, the

effect of bad dramas. To anewer the
| ser one must find out why our war
r independence has not inspired good

plays. why it has not produced a drama |

to satisfy the historical sense, to rouse
patriotic enthusiasm and to meet also the
requirements of the dramatic form. Surely
there is at least one big play in the Revo-
lution. There must be, since none has
ever come out! Has it remained there
through accident or necessity?

The attempts to coax it forth have been
ap the sands on the shore. They began
almost as soon as the war was over. Last
week was a witness that they are atill
going on. But who remembers them?
Let us name a few in this city: There was
“Bunker Hill,” produced at the Anthony

reet Theatre August 29, 1814, with Mr. ,

yle as (jen. Putnam, At the Park

eatre in 1823 “Green Mountain Boys”

# tried in February, “The Battle of

eases in July. There was “The
ttle of Brandywine” at the Chatham
eatre in 1856. The same year came
“New York Patriots, or the Battle of Sara-
toga,” at Barnum’s, “with Continental
uniforms and a considerable outlay in
scenery.” Edward Eddy ueéed to play
Tom Coffin in a Paul Jones drama in

the ‘70s. In 1887 the late David Lloyd
produced a charming play of old New York
{n Revolutionary war time, called “The
Dominie’s Daughter,” at Wallack's. The
acene was laid around Beekman street.
le Bellew was the atar. Failure was

e fate. Then later we saw Victor Mapes's

eropt in “Capt. Barrington” to dramatize

ther Washington. James A. Herne wrote
inute Men” in the '80e. Clyde Fitch,

x broke through into success with
Nathan Hale,” failed diamally with “Major
André.” After the opening night of the
latter piece, by the way, somebody said
to the manager: “You might have known
ter, Spy playe always fail.” “But/how
was I to know it was a spy play when I
gccepted it?” he answered. Even theatrical

can't know everything.

This little list representa but a tithe of
attempts to make a play out of the
olution. Yet not one of the dramas

6 in the répertoire of the American
tre, not one of them has risen above

@ moment to be dramatic literature, to

uate dramatically the historical
ground of our national life. That
ground is receding further and further

{nto the miste of the past. To H. G. Wells,
ep , it seemed already as remote
ag the Ware of the Roses. To us, though
(gadition etill lingers on in New England

, and hatred of the English is inoulcated

with every game of lead soldiers on the
paths, it is growing sometimes

ost as remote, and the Fourth of July
Perorations have a curious flavor of an-
tiquity. In the early days of the last century,
when memory of the struggle was still
fresh and the nation was still trying ite
Young limbs with the tingle of novelty in
every leap and blow, grateful for ite release,
there were no American dramatiste with
the technical skill to write any sort of
And now, when our dramatists
have acquired or are acquiring the tech-
nical skill, the present is too full of problems,
the future too engrossing, the past too
remote, for them to be interested in the
Revolution, We are at once too old and

' pot old enough as a nation to make copy

of our past. Perhaps that is the real reason
why the historical drama of 1776 does not
get written.
», An American student of the French Revo-
lution, possibly our new Ambassador to
Germany, has computed that if a man, be-
ginning in youth, should read ten hours a
day till he was 90 he could just get through
the mass of material at present in print
about that struggle. Much of this ma-
teria) was not written by Frenchmen, but
the French have contributed their share.
np little of it in theform of drama. Sardou
ig his later years turns back to this fruitful
figld. And these dramas have been no less
popular in England and America than in
France, no less popular than “The Only
Way,” the French Revolution seen through
Dickens's sentimental spectacles. This does
not méan that we Americans are more inter-
ested in the events of '08 than those of '76,
even if they were more packed with blood
and fury, full of a more concentrated and
tymultuous rebellion. It simply means
that the historic sense is more developed
ip French dramatists, fuses more harmoni-
ously with the dramatic sense, and these
dramas, of historic significance, to be sure,
are also—and for us primarily—interesting
and absorbing stage stories. Possibly it is
fore to write a good play about the French
olution than about ours—there is more
terial and vastly more examples to profit
by. But the chief reason why better plays
aye written about it is that better minds
aye brought to bear on the task, it is regarded
more seriously, treated with more historical
knowledge, the result looked upon as a
of the monument alike of French
ture and French tradition. Neither
toward our history nor our stage have we
reached this standard. And until we do
dtama of '76 is not likely to be coaxed

b.
t / G. B. Shaw wrote “The Devil's

le” he was not so much minded to
tter us as to rap the British, The scene

 

 

} might quite as well have been laid in South
Africa. G. B. évidenfly b¢oame enamoured
of ly dohnny* Burgoyne apd
Wanted to use him inaplay. In an amusing
stage direction we read: “Burgoyne is bound-
lessly delighted by this retort [of Richard's},
which almost reconciles him to the loas of
America," Just how an actor is to express
in pantomime reconciliation to the loss of
America is not stated. But G. B.'s idea of
American geography is rudimentary. Some-
how or other the British under Burgoyne
are in New Hampshire, where one of them

| Says, “I will undertake to do what we have

| marched douth (slo') from Boston to do.”
| They did not march from Boston, but Can-
| ada; they were in the New Hampshire
“Grants,” now Vermont, and Burgoyne was
not with them. The town boasts of a Pres-
byterian church, which is almost as aaton-
ishing as Burgoyne's presence there, There
is no nasal twang in the speech of the
Yankees, They talk Shawese. Thia ian't

\* play of the American Revolution, It is
just another toot of G. B.'s horn from his

cart tail,

In his preface he gloats over the fact that
when Mansfield produced “The Devil's Dis-
' ciple” in America in 1807 we hailed it as origi-
nal, when, asa matter of fact, ita episodes,
| complications, all ite melodramatio struo-

ture, is old as—as melodrama, What has
that got to do with the case? Nobody

cared about its structure. A musician went
to “Pelléas et Mélisande” at the Manhattan
last winter, coming away to rave about
| Mary Garden and the drama. “But the
' music?” he was asked. “Oh, the music,”
| aid he- “the music didn't bother me.”
| That's about the case with the story in
| “The Devil's Disciple.” The wit, the equi-
voke, the “diabolonian ethics,” the sense
of a new, humorous and keenly alert mind
playing over and about a subject were

(with Manafield’s acting) what pleased us

then, as they have pleased us since in other

plays by G. B. Shaw. Being all Shaw they
are all original. But by the same token,

“The Devil's Disciple” isn't a play about the

| Revolution—it isn't an American historical

| drama,

But for all ita historical inaccuracy, ite
lack of true color and atmosphere, its em-
phasis not on the American point of view
but on the Shavian, it is the nearest thing
| we have to a revolutionary war play, be-
| cause it brings to bear on the subject more
|

| his red coats in and out last week with the
same scene showing behind Fort George
as behind Spuyten Duyvil. He did not
even attempt to show that rounded end
of Manhattan Island, that dome of rock
| and woods, which must look even to-day
| something as it did then save perhaps
| for the change to second growth timber
the only spot on our island that still
speake of the vanished days. Mr. Vroom
not only failed to make a melodrama that
hung together plausibly as Shaw's does,
| but he failed even more conspicuously
| than Shaw to create any true atmosphere
| or color. And as for wit or style or satire
| or character interest, his play was as barren
as a musical comedy, At least Dick Dud-
geon, if he primarily preaches Shavian
philosophy, is fired by an under impulse
of real patriotism, At least the Presby-
terian parson, if he in reality should have
been a Congregational Calvinist, glows
| with a hint of the passions that blazed up
| at Lexington and kept our army from
freezing at Valley Forge. Perverse melo-
drama “The Devil's Disciple’ may be,
and not American. But it is a man's play
at any rate, It is grown up. It does not
insult our Revolution, belittle our history.
Such trivial, puerile, theatrical, pretty
pasteboard and red coated concoctions
as “The Luck of Macgregor” do belittle
our history, insult our Revolution. We
are quite right in refusing to have any-
thing to do with them.

But we are not r ght in supposing that be-
cause these bad plays fail to interest us all
plays about our early struggle are doomed
to failure. The American drama is just
now waking up to look about with a man's
eyes, to put ideas and speculations and com-
ment where a few silly sentimenta before
did duty. “Great Divides” and “Witching
Hours” are succeeding the trivialities of the
past. The drama is waking up, too, thanks
in no small measure to Mr. Belasco, to the
charm and genuine interest of correct
detail and atmosphere. Our stage, in other
words, is reaching a point where a drama
of the Revolution could be written and pre-
sented in a manner worthy of the theme
and satisfactory to a public that are not
alwaye such fools as some folks would
have us believe.

It would be a drama in which the “ragged
regimentals” of the Continental militia and
the red ocoate of the British did not have to
do duty at all times for the atmosphere;
where the spy plot—ite possibilities surely
stretched nearly to the end by Gillette in
“Secret Service’—did not have to do duty
for the story; where the passion for the
cause of liberty was the true motive of
action, not the traditional and silly “love
motive” of conventional drama, and where
the splendid characters of some of ounearly
heroes found adequate expression and de-
velopment. To write such a play is, leas
than ever as the past recedes, not a task for
any but a first rate talent. And our men of
first rate talents are just now too precocu-
pied with problems of the present to turn
back into history for their themes.

That is, no doubt, a healthful sign. But
the busiest market place is the better for a
monument, none the less; the preservation
of landmarks has more than a sentimental
value. And dramas that shall worthily
get forth our early history as a nation must,
after all, be the basis of a national répertoire,
if we are ever to have a national répertoire.
England, more fortunate, has in her réper-
toire classics of every period to perpetuate
those periods on the stage. We in America
had no drama of our own worthy of the
name till very recent.years. If we are to
perpetuate our past at aii we must recon-
struct it. And because any task of histori-
cal reconstruction requires unusual knowl-
edge and power, the drama of the Revolu-
tion is still unwritten. But sooner or later
now, with the expansion of ideas in the
American theatre, the development of adult
consciousness in the native playwright, it is
bound to come. Perhaps it .will arrive in
time to dedicate the National Theatre.
It is as easy to cherish two dreame as one!

Watter P. Eaton,

 

Se

eee

RARE COLORS IN MOLES.

Particular Varieties Confined to Cortain
Fielkis—Pilebald and White.

From the London Globe,

Molecatching first became a regular oc-
cupation about @ century ago when English
molecatchers were introduced on the lands
of the then Duke of Buocleuch

The handsomest varieties belong io the
“silver gray” clase, If these could be ob-
fained in any quantity their skins would
bring a high price in the fur market.

Mr. Service of Dumfries, lately bcturing
before the Edinburgh Field Naturalisis
Association, stated that he had never seen
a really white mole, and he belleved it to
be a great rarity. Nor had he ever seen a
plebald variety. He had little doubt that
variation of color in moles ran in certain
families.

The regularity with which a particular
variety occurred repeatedly in the aime
field or on the same farm was well known
teher, while no abnormal
Lzerenpe occur in apy other

to every mol
coloration wou
part of the par

ge cneeeneieticeneeecncnces menos entering eens mannaenineanmenmmani

 
 
 
 

a

|
}

a
ene

 

 
 
 
  
  

THE COMEDIAN COMES T0 THE

BLJOU TURSDAY,

A New Stunt at the Hippedrome Miss
Spooner Will Produce a Urand New
Play Four Last Nights at the German
Theatre on trving Place This Week.

Monday night Eugene Walter's melo-
drama “The Wolf,” which has been playing

for a week at the Bijou, will move up to |

inpirpb sd Rhy

    

-

ea ee hes Fy een at

tined novel by Bertha M. C

Lew Fields remaine at the Herald Square
and Sam Bernard at the Cesino.

10n a

y.)¢

Ie Breekiyn Hoases.
At the Montauk this week the attraction

Up at the Majestic the musical play ia | will be Victor Moore in *The Talk of New

now “The Flower of the Ranch.”

“The Witching Hour” remains at the
; Hackett and “Paid in Full” at the Astor,

George Ober will present “Rip Van
| Winkle” at the Metropolis Theatre this
| week

| ‘The second week of Miss Mildred Hol-

| York,” which had a long run on Broadway,

Mr. Moore has become popular as a comedian
by his unique personality and keeps the
attention suocesefully.

Eleanor Robeson, in “Salomy Jane,” comes
to the Broadway this week.

At Perey G, Williams's Orpheum this

the Lyric, and on Tuesday night at the | land's engagement at the Yorkville Theatre | "eek is Eddie Foy, late star of “The Orchid.”

Bijou Heary KE. Dixey will be seen in an

English version of “Papa Lebonnard,” a | somewhat melodramatic in tone and treat- | * Condensed version of humorous Foy say-

play originally written in Franch by Jean
Aicard for Coquelin, who, however, never
played it. In an Italian version it was

firet played in New York a year ago by |

Novelli with conspicuous success, Mr,
Dixey, who now assumes the title part of
the old clockmaker, has not been seen
on Broadway since “The Man on the Box.”

This week will see a number of novelties
at the Hippodrome. Onaip, the Hindu
mystery, whose appearance last week
was made impossible by an accident, will
appear on Monday. Onaip seats himeelf
at a piano and after he starts to play the
instrument rises, sways to and fro and
finally revolves at a rapid rate, carrying
the player without any signs of support.
The circus will have strong added features
in the Ledgetts, bareback riders in ring
feate; and Wormwood's trained monkeys
will also be added to the bill. With these
there are ten other imported acts, The
big bill at the Hippodrome includes *The
Battle of Port Arthur,” with ite two pictures
of modern warfare, clashing troops and
charging cavalry, followed by “Lady Gay's
Garden Party,” and concluding with the
ballets of the four seasons, the winter
carnival and the drowning dancers,

Monday, May 4, will be Grand Army of
the Republic night at the Hippodrome,
when hundreds of veterans of the civil
war will witness “The Battle of Port Arthur,”

Edna May Spooner ‘and her company
at the Lincoln Square Theatre will produce
a brand new play this woek called “The
Governor and the Boss." The authors are
Guy F. Bragdon and William Postance,
The play in theme does not appear to be
vastly unlike “The Man of the Hour.” Of
course a “love interest” gets merrily tangled
up with the political web, Will somebody
please write a play about politica, about
politics?

The last four performances to be given
at the German Theatre in Irving place
under the management of Dr. Baumfeld
will take place this coming week. To-
morrow evening the popular three act
comedy, known in the German version as
“Madame Bonivard,” and familiar in the
English version of the original French
work as “The Lottery of Love,” will be the
attraction. The performance will be for
the benefit of Mme. Neuendorff. There
will be no change in the bill for Tuesday
and Wednesday evenings. On Thureday,
for the last performance of his first season
in America, Dr. Baumfeld announces Ib-
sen's “Ghosts.”

mering Ie seven months tenancy of the
Irving place house Dr. Baumfeld has pro-
du thirty-seven plays of varied char-
acter. Twenty of these works were novel-
ties here. Every variety of play was in-
terpreted from farce to tragedy. The
most successful production (counting by
the number of performances) was “Her-
zogin Crevette” (“The Duchess des Folies-
Bergere”), which was played twenty-six
times. Goethe's “Goetz Von Berlichingen”
had eighteen performances. Fulda's com-
edy “ Dummk opf” (“The Blockhead”)
had thirteen, and the three Schnitzler one
act plays, including “The Last Masks,”
“At the Sign of the Green Parrot” and
“Literature,” 12, “As You Like It” and
*The Fifth Commandent” were heard
eleven times, while “The Great Community”
ran for ten nights. “Florette and Patapon”
and “The Wedding of Hertha’ had eight
performances each. Other plays pro-
duced were Ibsen's “Ghosts” and “Hedda
Gabler,” Calderon's “Judge of Zalamea,”
Hebbel's * Maria lena” and Lessing's
“Minna Von Barnhelm.”

The little theatre on East Third street,
where Orlenof had his Russian players,
has been leased and will open Saturday
afternoon with “The Village Mail Carrier,”
played in English, A stock company will
play it and other English dramas with
weekly changes, Thirty-five cents will be
the maximum charge for a seat.

At the big benefit this Sunday evening
at the Garden Theatre for the Brookside
Farms Home, for the destitute wives and
childgen of prisoners in New York jolt,
Miss’ Louise Randolph and Charles ne
will introduce for the first time in this

ntry “The Password,” a one act drama
which is Waller played in London.

This is David Warfield’s fina! week in New
York before he sails for London, He will
play “The Music Master” for the last times
here till Saturday night, when the last per-
formance of “A Grand Army Man” will be

ven, “The Warrens of Virginia” will
on the following maetay move over to the
beautiful Stuyvesant Theatre to finish out
the season.

The German ‘Merry Widow" at the
Orpheum Concert Garden, Third avenue
and Thirteenth street, will reach ite 100th
performance this week. Appropriate recog-
nition of the occasion will be made on Thurs-
day night at the gosey little music hall. The
reappearance of Fraulein Thury, who
created the part of the Prince in this German
version, is assured. She has been out of
the cast during the last few weeks because
of a sprained ankle. A special entertain-
ment for the guests and a supper and dance
for the company and attachés of the music
hall will follow the regular performance of
the operatta.

Anna Held in “The Parisian Model” will
come to the Grand Opera House for a week
to-morrow.

Fritzi Scheff is doing very nicely at the
Academy in “Mlle. Modiste,” thank you.

In fact the firet week of her month's engage-
ment there saw crowded houses every

night.

“The Servant in the House” has had five
weeks of succoees at the Savcy Theatre,
with every prospect of continuing in such
favor until well into the summer. Seats
are now being sold to June 1. To-morrow
night Soot Rite Masons have taken the
boxes, the main floor and the baloony. The
house will be appropriately decorated,
This will be the second time within a month
that “The Servant in the House” has been
officially indorsed w Masonic bodies. The
occasion is under the su ision of John
Lloyd Thomas, commander-in-chief of the
Scottish Rite of the Valley of New York.

Cyril Scott commences the fourth week

of his engagement in “The Royal Mounted"
at the Garrick Theatre on Monday,

Joe Weber begins his last three weeks at

the Music Hall in his burlesque of “The
Marry Widow” to-morrow. Then he goes
to Chicago.

Otis Skinner in “The Honor of the Family”
at the Hudson and Crane in “Father and
the Boys” at the Empire are fixtures, and 60
is “The Thief” at the Lyceum.

At Wallack'’s “A Knight for a Day” is
still making merry.
“Girle” continues popular at Daly's,

At the New Star Theatre this week Mins
Corinne Snell, a young California actress,
\

| will offer “Two Little Vagrants.” Though

ment it is by no means so improbable in
| ite plot and incident as some melodramas
| that have won popular favor

The Russell Brothers, funny fellows,
will be at the Thalia this week in “The
Hired Girls’ Millions,”

 

The Bon Ton Extravaganza Company

will furnish the laughter, legs and lingerie
at the Murray Hill Theatre this week.

The coming week's bill at Hurtig & Sea-
mon's Music Hall willbe Sam A, Scribner's
Big Show. The attraction will offer two
burlettas, a long olio of vaudeville spe-
cialiste, musical ensembles and a display of
costumes,

 

The navy heroes group at the Eden Musée
ia creating much interest at this time owing
to the activities of the United States fleet
now on the Pacifio Coast. Other war
groups are constantly being added to-
gether with new cinematograph views
ust arrived from Europe. The Royal

lue Hungarian Band continues to meet
with favor at the afternoon and evening
concerts,

 

At Hammerstein's Victoria Theatre of
Varietios this week is the American farewell
of Alice Lloyd. The remainder of the
programme will include William Courtleigh,
the American actor, and his company in the
comedietta entitled “Peaches,” by George
| V, Hobart; the McNaughton Brothers, Ben
Welch, the Hebrew comedian, who will
introduce a new character in whioh he im-
personates an Italian; O'Brien Havel, as-
sisted by Effie Lawrence proseoting the
one act comedy skit entitled “Ticks and
Clicks"; John FE. Hazzard, presenting a
timely talk on timely topics, author of
“Ain't It Awful, Mabel?” Hill and Whitaker,
American singers and instrumentaliste,
qyet returned from their European tour;
Martin Brothers, xylophone experts; Al-
volo and Othello, European gymnasts, and
new Vitagraph views,

 

The Kentuck ~ Belles come to the
Gotham this week.

Down at the Dewey the California Girls

will furnish the entertainment—which per-
hape will be not so very different from the
Kentucky variety.

Huber's Fourteenth Street Museum offers
aaa special attraction for the coming week
Mme, Pauline’s troupe of leoparde,
Others on the bill are Ajax, eword swallower;
Murrello’s troupe of spaniels, besides many
others. The theatre annex will have Col-
lins and Labelle, Lew Welsh and mre-cre

1

minutes of Edison's latest moving pictures,

Tony Pastor announces another new
recruit from the legitimate to vaudeville,
Charles W. Bowser, who will produce with
Miss Edith Hinkle and others an original
playlet, “Superstition,” that deals with
the “occult” in a comedy strain. Frank
Bush will appear again with brand new
stories. Among othere are the Misses
Hanson and Nelson in their singing, dano-
ing and comedy: the Vedmars, acrobatic
comedy; the Razarfs, illusionists; the De
Muths, dancers; Potter and Harris, gym-
nastio display; Burke and Finn, comedy
boxing; Viptiayne Randolphs, specialists;
Mr. and Mrs. Lew Stanley, singing act;
Booth and Crain, sketch; Laughtord
Brothers, comedians; Fredburke Travel
Scenes, and the Amgrioan Vitagraph with
life motion pictures,

Marie Dressler, the one and only, enters
upon the second and last week at Percy
G. Williams's Colonial when she will sing
her songs in truly Dressler fashion, Billy
B. Van assisted by Rose Beaumont will
present “The Other Boy;” Ella Snyder with
her West Point Cadets in “Commencement
Day,” Chris Richards, Scotch comedian;
Imro Fox, magician; the Nichols Sisters;
Ida Fuller, her second week at the Colo-
nial; Wills and Hassan, acrobats and the
Willard Trio finish the bill. The popu:
larity contest begins to-morrow for the
most popular woman vaudeville singer
and terminates Sunday in Mr. Williams's
chain of theatres.

 

The first Harlem appearance of Zelie
de Lussan, the prima donna, who was
formerly of the Metropolitan, at Percy
G. Williams's Alhambra, is scheduled this
week. Eugene Jepson and company in
“The Mayor and the Manicure’ have a
Irene Franklin, assisted by Burt

Harry Gilfoil, known
comedian, will introduce
his character creation “Baron Sands.”
Collins and Hart are parody acrobats.
Matthews and Ashley are humoriste. Mr.
and Mre. Jimmie Barry in “At Hensfoot
Corners” are Herbert Brooke is an
illusionist and performs a number of amaz-
De Haven and Sidney are to

sketch.

Green, will sing.
as a mimic an

ing tricks.
be seen.

 

To-night both at the New York and
Liberty Theatres there will be concerts
Vhite Rats, the vaude-

for the benefit of th
Hike enepela There will be big bille

ville association.
at both theatres.

Lee Harrison is announced as the toast-
master-chairman of the ninth of Gus
Edwards's “Sunday Nights in Bohemia”
at the Circle Theatre to-night.

 

“The Love Waltz,” Jesse Lasky's musical
production, is booked for a second week at
the Fifth Avenue Theatre, so well was it
received the week of April 20. Jessie Mil-
ward and company in a sketch by Hartley
Manners called “The Queen's Messenger”
will be another attraction. Ethel Levey
is also billed. Others will be Howard and
ere Happy Days,” Kelly

d Rose, singers; Madden and Fitspatriok
in a sketch, “The Turn of the Tide*; Will-

iam Macarte, monologist, and the Three
Meers, wire performers.

The Fifty-eighth Street Theatre will have
a big drawing card in the Four Mortons
this week. A big act will be the Novellos
with their circus. The De Haven Sextet
is a singing and dancing turn, Shean and
Warren will give their sketch in two scenes,
“Quo Vadis Upside Down.” Others will be
Jean Lennox and company in a sketch
World and Kingston, “The Soubrette and
the Tramp,” the Girl Behind the Drum and
Lew Hawkins, monologist.

North in *Those

Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Drew will head the
bill at the 125th Street Theatre in “Billy's
Tombstones.” Another headline act will
be Minnie Seligman and William Bram-
well in “A Dakota Widow,” a comedy in
one act. An added feature will be the

eccentric English comedienne, Katie Barry.
The Sleeds, pantomimists; “Christmas
on the isiand,” a musical sketch; the Water-
melon Trust, a singing and dancing act;
the Six Musical Nossed and Ruby Raymond
ang Boys are others on the bill.

Augustus Thomas's comedy, “The Other
Girl,” will be played by the stock company
at the Harlem Opera House the week of the
27th. Itis one of Thomas's most successful
plays and the company will be suitably

cast. Robert Lee Hill will be seen in the
pert of the prizefighter, Kid Garvey; Mr
orton will play Bradford; Beatrice

Morgan will play Eelelle Kittredge; Grayoe

Mr. Foy will sing and dance a few steps in

ings. Yorke and Adams, two more re-
crults from the legitimate, appear in a con-
densed version of “Playing the Ponies.”
The Brooklyn début of Bijou Fernendes
and W. L, Abingdon in Edwin Arden's ro-
mantic eketoh “Captain Tare, will Pye.
Flavia Arcaro, late of “The Orchid,” ap-
pears ina pianologue, Simon, Gardner and
company in “The New Coachman” are
laughmakers. That Quartet in new songs,
the Swor Brothers and Deonzo Brothers
complete the bill.

Manager Keeney has arranged for this
week a bill headed by MoMahon and Vhap-
pelle's Pullman Porter Maids. The extra
attraction is Arnold's perrerming leopards
from the New York Hippodrome. The re-
mainder of the bill includes Jack Moffit
and the Clare Sisters in a singing and dano-
ing act, the Great Vanoni, Myrtle rane
ford and George Farrell, resenting the
comedy, “The Sheriff's Marriage’, Le
Ander’s European Comiques; June Ross-
more, a Vasear girl who is playing her
first season in vaudeville; Lemaire and
King, Hebrew comedians from the Weat,
and the Keeneysoope in new views. Ama-
teur night every Thuraday.

Benefit for Firemen's Fund,

A benefit performance will be given at
the Metropolitan Opera House next Friday
afternoon in ald of the Firemen's Memorial
Fund, which is to be used for the erection
of a monument in this city to the memory
of the late Fire Chief Kruger and other
heroes of the New York city department
who have lost their lives in the discharge
of their duties,

This fund is being raised under the aus-
pices of a committee headed by the Right
Rev. Henry C. Potter, Bishop of New York;
Gen, Thomas L, James, Andrew Carnegie,
Henry W. Taft, Isidor Straus, Fire Chief
Edward F, Croker, George W. Babb, Cor-
neliue N. Bliss, Hamilton W. Mabie, E. L.
Winthrop, Jr., the Rev. Henry A. Brann,
D. D., and Fire Commissioner Hayes.

This benefit is presented under the direc-
tion of the Association of Theatre Managers
of Greater New York and the bill will be
made up of leading players of the American
stage who have volunteered to appear.
Among them are Mme. Emma Eames of
the Metropolitan Opera Company, Anna
Held, George M. Cohan, Alice Lloyd, Jose-
phine Cohan, Eddie Foy, the ‘Merry Widow”
company, Joseph Weber and company,
W.H, Crane and company, Lew Fields and
company, Otis Skinner and company,
Vernon Stiles and Sophia Brandt in the ies
duet from “A Waltz Dream, John H.
Slavin, the Four Mortons, May Vokes,
That Quartet, the McNaughtons, Yorke
and Adama and others.

A novelty of the bill will be the appear-
ance of Donald Brian and Lina Abarbanel]
in the entire second act of “The Merry
Widow,” which will be presented with every
soenic accessory used in the regular per-
formance, This will be followed by Joe
Weber and his company from the Weber
Music Hall in their burlesque of the second
act of “The ag Ay a

A feature is the reception committee,
which will be headed by the following
women of New York, assisted by twenty
actreases now playing in the city: Mmes.
James Speyer, Charles B, Alexander, Will-
iam Jay, Richard Irvin, Paul Morton, _—
vesant Fish, Henry Clews, Henry W. Taft,

Douglas Robinson, Nicholas M tler,
L. Teton. Jr., Aw =
Hammond and Harry Payne Whitney.

The regular sale of seata will open to-
morrow at 9 o'clock at the box office of the
Metropolitan Opera House. The prices
of seats will range from $1 to $3.

=

QUEER AUSTRALIAN GAME,

Native Pheasants and Qualis—The Bastard
—Soup of Kangaroo Tall.
From the London Field

It ie on the billabongs and oreeks of the
back country that the best sport is to be
ebtained. In wet seasons ducks and teal are
to be shot, and in the ranges between the
Murray and the Murrumbidgee rivers the
“native pheasant,” or mallee hen, is to be
found. This is @ fine table bird, quite equal,
in my opinion, to any English pheasant,
It ie very shy and not easy to obtain. |
knew a man who kept a few bloodhounds
for hunting dingoes. He used to go into the
ecrub where there were mallee hena, put the
doa on their tracks and canter after them.
The birds would sometimes rise in an open
space in the scrub, and 1 have known him
to bring down @ brace of them when shoot.
ing from the saddle.

Good duck shooting might be had at the
large water holes if it were possible to get
near without being seen, and in the summer
evenings excellent sport is obtainable by
waiting for the bronzewinged pigeons, which
at sunset fiyto water. There is also a small
quail, like the Egyptian, to be shot in New
Bouth Wales after harvest. There they strip
the wheat, i. e., take merely the heads off
with @ stripping machine, leaving the straw.
Ihave known half a dozen guns make a capital
bag without dogs.

The Australian game bird, however, is the
native buetard, or “wild turkey,” as it is
there called, although it ie now very scarce
ercepting in the extreme back oountry,
At one time it was common enough in fic-
toria, though now rare in that State, but
on the back blocks of New South Wales
it was plentiful a few years ago.

They were, nevertheless, diMcult to atalk
on foot, but, curiously enough, will allow
one to drive quite within range, and I have
seen many shot from a buggy toward the
Darling River, They are capital table birds,
often larger than, the biggest turkey one
could buy at an English Christmas market,
The flesh of the breast is brown and tastes
like wild duck. Properly cooked the Austra-
lian bustard has hardly its equal. It prefers
arid plains, and | have shot them on the
goldfields of Western Australia, where thera
is little or no water. They must be able to
fly great distances, for one never sees them
about the desert country of West Australia in
the hot weather.

Imported hares are very numerous in
certain parts, and the rabbit is ubiquitous,
I remember an Australian squatter, who
was ruined by rabbits, saying that he had
not much left, but he would be glad to sub-
scribe a pound toward a monument to the
idiot who introduced rabbits and foxes into
Australia! Rabbit shooting is to be had
almost anywhere, and as they are trapped
and poisoned by the hundred thousand
perhaps they too may become extinct in
time. No one who hae not seen the rabbit
warrens in the sandy back country of the
Darling would credit the enormous number
which esist there, [ have passed miles of
sandbille at dusk which seemed absolutely
alive with the vermin, as Australians call them,
This reminds me of an Englishman engaged
to cook for the shearers on @ back etation,
who by way of a treat made a rabbit pie
for the men, He was nearly murdered for
hie pains' Australian shearers had not come,
they said, to eat verinin!

Twenty or thirty yeara ago the back
country equatters, in order to destroy kan-
garoos, used to dig huge pits at the corners
of their paddocks, running yards of calico

Along their wire fences and then drive the
kangaroos into the pits, clubbing and shooting
them. In those days kangaroo skins were
of no value; now that they are almost ex-
tinet there is a great demand forthem, The
flesh of a young kangaroo is by no means
to be despised, and kangaroo tail soup is a
delicacy now hardly to be obtained,

-

 

rk
f
$830
reached

«ft “s ya r 5 er

Rr IN

of Meatana.

Several years ago Montanans who had
the gold fever were rushing into the virgin
fields of the Klondike, under the impres-
sion that the showing there wae the great-
est ever known. For two years now this
same class of fortune hunters have been
making their way into Nevada. They
are incliped to forget the magnitude of
the discoveries in Montana in the early
days, says the Dillon Ezawiner, and the
immense quantities of gold taken out of
the bare and the gulchee, in comparison
with whioh anything that has eo far come
from Alaska or Nevada is insignificant.

There were more gulches in Montana

that actually yielded millions than may |

ever be discovered again. There are many
single claima that yielded far greater re-
turne than have been told by the lettera
of visitors to the gold flelds of the North
or around Goldfield and Bullfrog.

The firet discovery of gold in Montana
was made in 1661, On Gold Creek, five
miles below the little village of Pioneer,
in Deer] Lodge county, Gold Tim found
placer diggings where there was gold in
paying quantities and in the most primi-
tive manner possible worked some of the

und. No attempt to operate the local-
ty systematically was made until a full
yeer afterward, when Granville Stuart,
afterward Minister to Uruguay and Para-
guay, and his wether James bought some
necessary appliances and operated the
first placer mine in Montana in 1862, Their
tools and appliances they imported into
the country by pack train at infinite labor
and expense.

many millions were taken from the vi-
oinity in time. Pioneer, Independent and
Pike's Peak districts lay along Gold Creek.
At the highest point on Pilgrim Bar four
men in two seasons took out 000, Down
the valley there was gold in large quanti-
ties, but it was so fine that miners would
not be bothered with it, The gold on the
bara further up was coarser and there was
plenty of it and many men wore made rich
on that little creek, which was subsequently
overshadowed so completely by the dis-
ooveries gt other points that later on ditches
were puf in and the ground was worked
on a still larger scale One of the ditches
cost $300,000 and had a flowing capacity of
10,000 miner's inches, an inch being equal
toa oupply of 17,000 gallons in twenty-four
hours. Under these ditches the ground
was worked out over an area of 3,500 feet,
of an av depth of fifteen feet to bed-
rook and @ total vield of $13,000,000.

The next discovery of any importance
was made by John White and was called
Grasshopper Gulch, where the town of
Bannack stood soon afterward. The
proses was of wonderful richness and be-
ore the year was out mining had been in-
augurated on a much ‘arger scale than on
Gold C

reek, More than $20,000,000 in gold
was taken from thia vicinity.
The richest placers ever discovered in the

world were found in Montana at Alder
Gulch, where Virginia City stands. More
than $50,000,000 in gold dust formed the total
output of that rich locality, Of that amount
robably $26,000,000 was taken out within
hree or four years after the first year's
work.

Last Chanoe Guloh, where Helena now
stands, would cause a Klondike or Gold
field rush all by itself, it is believed by
some, if it were once more stripped of the
valuable houses that now stand upon it
and the industry ofthe miner were allowed a
field for the work. The four origina! dis-
ooverers took out of their five claims, one
claim for each man and the discove
$200,000 each, the richest of it
being not far from where the corner of
Clore and Wall streets now is, and there
was another wonderfully rioh portion, a

claim, near!

piece of ground 200 feet square, near where
the Montana Central depot now stands
that yielded its owners, Taylor and Thomp-
son, 000. And in the estimation of
many the lowest bedrock ought to have
contained the richest dirt, and it was not
. The ones of Last Chance Gulch
has been estimated at $20,000,000, and some
believe that figure is not high enough.

Confederate Gulch was discovered in
1866, east of the Missouri River, where
Diamond City afterward stood. From
three of the bars above the bed of the gulch
about $3,000,000 was taken. From Montana
Bar the Wheeler party, consisting of four,
took out of the territory in a single season
about $600,000, or nearly half the aggregate
product of the whole ground. A_ single
panful of dirt from a nook in the diggings
at the junction of Montana and Confederate
gulches, where the deposit was the richest,
contained $1,585 of dust.

Ip Bear Gulch placers were discovered
in Ootober, 1865, © yield of gold in two
meg was not leas than $1,000,000.

hir Guloh, on a tributary of the Black-
foot River, has yielded as high as $300,000
to the olaim, and in some parts of McClellan
Gulch the same gravel been worked
over as many as five times and has each
spe pele for the work. In one instance a

t sized fortune was taken out on a claim
that was found to have cracks in the bed-
rook which were filled with gold and the
miners made a stake by digging out the
gold with a tablespoon.

DEATH TRAP FOR BIRDS.

Lighthou ses en Maine Coast Attract and
Kill Thoosands Every Spring.

From the York Tranacript.

One of the keepers who came ashore from
Boon Island recently tells the story of the
strange death encountered by thousands
of the migrating birds every spring.

Flying along the coast at night they are
instantly attracted by the powerful light
from the watch tower, as moths are drawn
to a candle, Thousands of these birds in
their passage north fly with full force againat
the thick glass of the brilliantly lighted lan-
tern, Stunned to death they fall to the rocks
below or scale away for a little distance and
flutter helplessly into the water. ‘*

The light of morning sometimes reveals
the rocks covered with the little creatures
whose journey to their summer homes has
met this sudden and fatal termination, Hun-
drede of species are found among the un-
fortunate little tourists, Most of them are
easily recognized ae belonging to the various
common classes of song birds. But very
often large birds of beautiful plumage come
to their final resting place in this manner
upon the bleak rocks of Boon Island.

On one occasion several years ago the
thick glass of the lantern was shivered to
atome by the impact of some strange bird of
powerful bill,

TIGER SHOOTING RECORDS.

An India Depaty Commissioner Who Kilied
Four in Ten Minutes.

From the Weatmineter Gazette.

By accounting for seven tigers with hie
own gun during a recent shoot in Gwalior
Lord Minto, Viceroy of India, has accom-
plished @ feat of which the most successful
of big game shooters might well be proud,
although he has not rivalled the sensational
performance of a Mr. Walker, who when
Deputy Commissioner at Nimar actually
killed four tigers in ten minutes,

F, C. Selous, who has a phenomena! record
ase slaughterer of big game, once brought
down three full grown lions with four shots,
while his bag includes more than a hundred
elephante, nearly all of which he shot on
foot, and twice as many buffaloes,

In four years (1877 to 1880) Mr. Selous killed
100 buffalos, twenty elephants, thirteen lions,
and over 600 other big game, ranging from
giraffes (eighteen) to zebras and antelopes,

Bir Robert Harveys guns have wrought
terrible havoc in many parte of the world,
from Africa and India to foeland.,

 

Pensions Pald ‘Round the Werld.

Washinaton correspondence Boston Tranacrin(

Probably few persons realive the extent
of the labor whioh the payment of our pension
charges imposes, To sixty-seven countries
pension checks are sent.

There are pensioners in Japan and Liberia,
and even at St. Helena, Of the $724,434 paid
to pensioners resident in foreign countries
ast year more than one-half went io Canada;

ut Germany drew $86,314: Ireland, $469,376:

ngland, $63,918; Mexico, $28,808. St. Helena's

rtion wae $180, a sum which, though amall,
Piuet be ppreciated in that island of de-
ent fortunes

eee
Wealth of Dust Tuken From the Gulohes

 

Ss es

——

 

   
 

ih} HLA ‘ j SUUIE

SINGERS
SET A HIGH STANDARD.

Many of Them Never Heard in Public—Mise
May Callender Has Done Mach to Ad-
vance Music in Society Circles—Mre,
Kip Perfecting Herself in Opera Roles.

One of the projects for a charitable
entertainment last winter that did not go
through was the production of an opéra
oomique by amateure well known socially.
The promoters did not. feel in the least
epprehensive that their singers would not
be equal to their tasks. They were certain
that a standard nearly as high as that
of the ordinary professional performance
might be attained. It was the diffloulty
of getting the amateurs together often
enough for rehearsals that caused the
trouble.

New York society has never been ak
together without its musical performers,
although there happens to be more of them
at present than ever before. At all events
they seem to take their accomplishments
more seriously, They have their coaches,
devote regular hours to practice, have
their throat doctors and keep all the regu-

‘lar adjuncts of the professional singers.

Of course this little comedy makes therm
feel that they are perhaps a little nearer
the professional standard. Few diversions
of society seem to interest the members
so much as their music. They take it
much more seriously than any other in-
cidental occupation.

It was not a great many years ago that
soolety in this city had in its ranks at least
three women who were uncommonly gifted
ae singers. They were Mra. Nicholas Fish,
Mra. Foxhall Keene, then Tippy White, and
Miss May Callender. None of them sings
now even for charity or for their friends in
public, but Miss Callender has never lost
an iota of her interest in music and has
shown it in other ways than ber attendance
at the opera and her general support of
concerts She founded the Symphony
Club and the orchestra of women, and she
now has regular classes of advanced pupils
There are few worthy tusical enterprises
to which both Miss Callender and Miss de
Forest are not among the firat subscribers.
Miss de Forest and Miss Callender are two
friends who rank as the feminine Damon
and Pythias of society

One of the most accomplished singers in
society is Mrs, Grenville Snelling, who has
cultivated her talents here and abroad
and has appeared publicly with such sue-
ceas as to prove her right to rank ainong
the singers whether of professional or
social life. Mre. Lawrence Townsend has
studied singing for some years and has
even composed melodies good enough to
be played by such a master of the violin as
Fritz Kreisler, who also plays the com-

itions of Rawlings Cottenet, who ia
largely responsible for the direction of the
Metropolitan Opera House.

Migs Lucille Thornton is one of the faw
contraltos who have won rank as a singer
before audiences of her friends accustomed
to hearing the best professional talent,
Mise Alice Preston ia especially well known
for her singing of lieder, She is one of
the first singers to be invited to take part
in the musical entertainments organized
for charity by the amateurs of society

Miss Fanny Ives, daughter of Brayton
Ives, is another earnest student whe for
the past three years has heen devoting
herself in Europe to improving a voice
which many who have heard her believe
would assure her success on the operatic
stage. Mrs. John Kane, who was a Miss
Schermerhorn, is another woman of society
who has been almost constant in the cul-
tivation of a voice which has caused great
delight to those who have heard her. Such

reons are necessarily her friends, as she

as never sung in public.

Mrs, Rutherfurd Stuyvesant, who was
the Countess de Wessenaer before she
married Mr, Stuyvesant, has a mezzo-
soprano voice which she has cultivated
here and in Paris with Jean de Raszke
De Reszke is the teacher also of Miss Made-
leine Dinamore, an enthusiastic tmusician
and student of singing. although she never
appears in any but her own drawing rooin
or that of her friends.

Mrs. H. 8. Kip, who was Miss Jones and
is a niece of Miss Fanny Coster Jones, is
one of the most enthusiastic singers in
society. She has studied for several years
in thia country and will soon go to Paris
to perfect herself in diction and mise-en-
soéne. It has been said that she contem-
plates a professional début. She is a daughe
ter of Mra. Louis Quentin Jones. No other
New York woman ever made such a thor-
ough study of French diction merely for
its own sake. Mrs, Kiy) usually devotes
herself to operatic music and is said to
know already well enough to sing them at
short notice ‘ilda, Juliette, Manon, Mimi
and Violetta. She has studied these roles
asa means of perfecting her skill as a singer,
and at the time she learned them had no
idea of going on the stage.

Mrs. Chauncey McKeever, who was Mies
Julia Draper before her marriage.is another
amateur singer who has won a place among
the beat of the society vocalists,

There are aleo instrumental playera of
considerable ekill. Foremost among the
women violinists is Mra. Wilbur Mathews,
who before her marriage was Mya Currie
Duke of Kentucky. Miss Duke sAidied for
some years in Germany and later took a
course in France in order to learn certain

haaes of her art that she had not been able
5 perfect in Berlin, She is one of the mem-
bers in the women's orchestra founded by
Mias Callender.

Miss Gladys Rice, daughter of Dr. Clarence
Rice, is another’ violinist in the sime or-
chestra and only a few nights ago took
part in a concert given by Signor Boseo,
the cellist. Missa Rice and Miss Resamond
Street played trios with Signor Resco,
which was an evidence of the skill of theea
two young women musicians, When Miss
Rice was studying in Paris several years
ago Mme. Eames gave a special musicale
in her honor. Miss Rice expects to apen
next summer in Germany continuing her
studies.

Another violinist who can rank with
the professionals is Mrs. Trenor L. Park,
who as Mies Julia Catlin was a well known
amateur. For some years past she has
spent every summer in Paris studying
with a well known teacher.

Miss Resamond Street, the favorite
fienies of society, is a daughter of Mr. and

. William Street of 43 Park avenue.
She has appeared at most of the private
benefits of the winter. Kussell Hewlett is
the most popular pianist arnong the men of
society and is in special demand as an ac-
companist by the young women who sing
in public. He is also heard often asa soloist
at pivate concerts.

wrence Butler, an architect and son
of Presoott Hall Butler, is the most popular
singer of society just now. He ease bask
from Paris last autumn, where for the
four years he had been studying with Jean
de Reazke. Mr. Butler has sung in conoerta
with Mrs. Kip the duets from “Roméo et
Juliette,” and with Mise Preston the duet
between Aldaand Rhadames. Since Beverly
Robinson is no longer heard in the drawing
rooms Mr Butler is the first of the soclety
tenors. Men singers are few in society,

bly because not ar ae are able
uptown at the time they would be ex-
to ging, or because few of ther take
he trouble to cultivate whatever voice
they may have. Then most men take
muth more interest in close harmony
than in singing for others.

Deer in Vermont.

From the St, Albane Messenger

The largest herd of deer in the State is un+
doubtedly that reported by M. A. Dunn, a
Powna! farmer in the Dugway district,

According to Mr, Dunn a herd of thirty-two
deer has made ita home during the winter
on the mountain near his home. He insista
that the deer were seen by all the members
of his family and that he is positive that the
count is correct, as the aniinals were seen
crossing an open space between two wooded
sections of the mountain

Deputy Game Warden F. T. Cullinan of
Arlington also reports having seen fifteen
deer in ove berd on Red Mountain,

 

AND PLAYERS WHO