_
Fala

cialis tae ee

 

THE MEMORIES OF A SEASON

THERE WAS MUSIC OTHER \THAN
OPERA, ‘
Damrosch and Beetioven tn Town—Bach
Occasionally Heard From —Mary Gare
den Has a Salome” Surprise Waiting
* for Her in the Daneer.

Now that the season of music is over

ard its
ainid tho innaty records of a more or leas

mem

 

{
!

ies are being laid away |

glorious past, only to be dragged forth |

when future generations of queation askers
harry ovilics yetunborn, let us confess that
outside of the Hammersteinian fleld it was
not « winter made extra glorious by any
summer sun of York or Boston or Pitts-
burg. It was a poor and thin and watery
season, in which a few notable incidents
etood forth like the vearmine clouds upon
@ dull December siinset

Yet theve was grcund for encouragement.

Deepite the staggering power of the blows |

dealt by singer worshi: to all honest taste in
music (here was one sjlendid triumph for an

old master, and this victory came through |

the agenvy of a local musical organization.
This renders it all the more a source of
pride. New York musicians and New York
music lovers united in paying auch a tribute
to the genius of Beethoven as even Wagner
himself would have been proud to enjoy in
the heyday of his popularity.

Walter Damroscl once again disclosed
that insight into the true conditions of
Musical feeling in this community which
has on several previous occasions helped
to win for him a reputation as a keen
business man
been willing to wager substantial sums of
money that the Beethoven cycle would
prove to be a diatnal failure. Mr, Damrosch

evidently did not think it would, or he
would not have arranged it.
The resulta justified his enterprise. The

orchestra gained in distinction and finished
the series vith the chief honors. The
goloists were of

Most people would have |

formance of the greatest of all oratorios,
Bach's “St. Matthew Passion.”

Not the least pleasing and artistic enter-
tainment of this busy season was the piano
and harpsichord concert given at Mendels-
sohn Hall by Arthur Whiting on December
11, The rehabilitation of the harpsichord
is interesting and the effect of the music
written for it ia charming. Nevertheless
the thoughtful hearer will hardly avoid
noting that thie same music gains some-
thing when played on the modern piano.

Latent «malities, which we must admit the |

composers did not imagine, are brought
out by the rich and sustained tone of the
modern piano, while on the other hand a
certain piquant fancy and modest tender-
ness of the music are heard only when it is
stung by the gentle voiced harpsichord.

Mr. Whiting used the harpsichord again
in a Flonzaley Quartet musio concert,
playing it in a work of Bach for this inetru-
ment and two violins, But this experiment
was by no means as successful as the other,
The acoustic properties of Mendelssohn
Hall brought out in full sonority the tone
of the two violins, which quite overpowered
that of the keyboard instrument, The
balance of the music, designed by Bach for
performance in a much smaller chamber,
was quite destroyed,

This fact gives support to the efforts so
often made to readjust the instrumental
forces of old works to the conditions of the
modern concert hall. Suoh efforta must
necessarily have strong argument in their
favor when they are used in regard to works
written before the publio concert was
known, as is the case with all of Bach's
compositions.

It ia worthy of a passing note that Mr.
Whiting plays on harpsichords recently
made and that a prominent piano house

 

has recommended the manufacture of these

instruments. It would be interesting to
know whence comes the demand for them
and how it originated.

Mr. Kneisel and his associates intro-

| duced Bach's G minor quartet at the concert

of January 7. The work had been heard in

| 1904, but was undoubtedly new to many of

the most ordinary type |

and their presence cannot be said to have |

provided a seny itional element of interest.
The fact is indisputable that it was the
music of Beethoven which absorbed the
Attention of six large audiences, and this
fact haa a pregnant significance which
cannot escape the most careless chronicler
of musieal incidents,

The concert seoson began with some
loudly heralded ¢ buts. Solo performers
who were to astonish and move us came,
They failed to astonish and the y succeeded
in moving people only out of the hall.
the same time two old friends, Josef Hof-
mann and [gnace Paderewski, demonstrated
that they were still treading the
paths high along the mountain slopes of
celestial art.

Dr. Muck and Boston Symphony
Orchestra caine to town on November 7
and we had the diseornfort of listening to
the ninth symphony of Bruckner, which
left moet of us in a troubled state of mind,

the

Here again let us pause to note the pithy

fact that Dr. Muck had no hesitation in
offering aome*programmes which did not
call for the services of soloists and that
such entertainments were received by
loca] music lovers with plentiful evidence
of favor.

Early in the season Fritz Kreisler returned
with his classior violin and played music
of old masters in a style which delighted

connoisseurs of the fiddle repertory. Here |

again were shown signs of an excellent

At |
| Biachoff

|
aerial |

 

 

| York mind,

its hearers. It was well worth a repetition.
On January 9 Dr. Muok and the Bostonian
musicians handed us Bischoff's E major
symphony, of which a famous Brooklyn
pianist said; “It has in it everything but
music.” Dr. Muck mused over the New
York criticisms of this long and deeply in-
volved composition and sald: “I think
these gentlemen are mistaken,”

Perhaps. It is common for critica to be
miataken. But THe Sun's commentator,
for one, would rather wallow in the helpless
gloom of a dead past along with old h
and Beethoven than be enlightened by
And that will be about all on
that subject.

Walter Damrosch produced D'Indy's
“Summer Day on the Mountains” on Jan-
ary 18, but the snows refused to melt. The
music was too subtle for the common New
Mr. Damrosch tried another
experiment on February 1 when he gave
Tachaikowsky's “Eugéne Onégin” in con-
cert form, It was mortal hard on Tschai-
kowsky. Some people liked it, especially
the waltz, which was more beautiful than

| those of “The Merry Widow" or *The Waltz

Dream.” It is a moral certainty that at
some future time when “Eugéne Onégin”
is safely out of the way some comic opera
amith will steal that waltz and build an
operetta around it, Oh, for an hour of
Donald Brian then!

Every one had’ a short season of delight
when the Boston Orchestra brought to
town on February 2% Max Reger's varia-

condition of taste among the real music | tions and fugue on a theme by Hiller. Such

lovers of the city. The days of fiddle fire-
works have passed. Such festivals are
now left to the Sunday night concert at
the Hippodrome. One hears lesa and
less of Vieuxtemps and more ‘of Tartini,
Locatelli and other classic purists. The
cultivated spirit rejoices and Mr. Kreisler
is honored in the land.

The Russian Symphony Society began
its series at Carnegie Hall on November
14 and continued throughout the season
to play resolutely the latest products of
the orchestral manufacturers of the Czar,
It would be idie to enter into any serious
comment on the season's labors of Modest
Altschuler and his musicians. The total
output of their series contained almost
nothing of solid value. Inthe presenta-
tion of novelties this society surpassed
the industry of any other organization in
the city, but it may reasonably |e doubted
that more than one or two of these novel-
ties will ever be heard here again,

Frank Damrosch’'s orchestral concerts
for young people began on November
16 and had a season of large prosperity.
The plan of making these concerts strictty
eiucational has proved highly successful.
‘The audiences always contain more adults
than children, which goes to show that
bome people are siill trying to find out the
constitution of musical art and endeavor-
ing to acquire a rational basis for the for-
mation of their likes and cislikes,

Sam Franko's concerts of ola music con-
tinued and were accorded a fair measure
of public approval. If Mr. Franko has ac-
complished nothing else, he has, at any rate,
shown that the conductoraof the established
orchostras do not spend much time or offort
in rearching among the works of the old

 

}

|

}
}

mastors. Whos the public declares that the
productions of contemporaneous com.
posers aro as poppy and mandragora, the
routire conductor falls back on Moz'rt's |
G minor, Sevulert's unfinished or Boatho-
ven's fifth aud publishes sorrowful asser-

Uons (hit thero is nothing else to play

But Mt
the shelves of
compositions as the concerto of Conrad
Hurlebusch for two pianos and orchestra,
performed at the first concert of this last
BuLS0N,
oth@ delightful novelties out of the troas-
ury of the forgotten past, It is a pity that
some of these are not introduced inte the
repertories of the loiding orchostras

The reorganized Kneisel Quartet revealed
itsolf hare on December

Franko has dragged down from
libruras suca interesting

Mr. Franke has brought forward |

a fugue! It was the maddest, merriest
fugue of all the glad new year. It refash-
ioned a good many people’s notions of
fugues, especially those who recalled that
dreadful one of which Lazarus was ill in Dom
Perosi's oratorio, or that other which
troubled the analytical spirit of Mr. Strauss's
Zarathustra.

In the same visit the Boston men played
George Chadwick's “Symphonio Sketches”
and made us all glad that an American
still lived who was not afraid to write tunes
after the manner of the fathers, and who
had not bowed before the whole tone scale
or'the eternally suspended cadence,

Again on March 19 it was the Boston
Orchestra that brought gifta. This time
we heard Converse’s “Joan of Aro” and
Loeffer's “Pagan Poem.” These were two
interesting novelties, though at least one of
them did not make a profound impression,
as it had been expected to do, A quartet
by one Caetani, performed by the Kneisel
organization, was the only other incident
of the season that calls now for especial
mention,

Naturally the production of novelties
offers to the newspaper commentator the
best opportunity for fresh and stimulating
discuasion; but it is not necessarily a
proof of the value of a musical season.
When all is said and done serious music

Salome and also to dance the dance. If
news of her public announcement ever
penetrated the sunny land of Italy it must
have raised at least a smile, for down there
they have a way of doing things and doing
them pretty well occasionally. The writer
has before him a programme (printed in
rouge et noir) of the Teatro Costanzi for
“Merooledi 11 Marzo 1908 a ore 9 1-4pom.,”
which being interpreted means Wednesday,
March 11, 1908, at a quarter past 9.

The programme further announces the
“soconda rappresentazione al drama musi-
cale in un atto di Osear Wilde” entitled
“Salome” with “musica di Riccardo Strauss,”
We further learn that it is “nuova per
Roma” and that the “protagonista’ is
Gemma Bellincioni, a prima donna who
enjoys in Italy a reputation even larger
than that of Mary Garden in Paris. Mme,
Bel\jncioni sang Salome, Carlo Mariani was

the Herod and Francesco Cigada the |

Jokanaan, No lees @ personage than
Maestro Leopoldo Mugnone, successor of
Campanini as conductor at La Scala, con-
dicted the performance.

All this is interesting beoause of the
repeated statements that Gemma Bellin-
cioni sang Salome but could not dance
the famous dance, which Is atill reserved
for Mary Garden. It is therefore with
deep sorrow that Tas Sun's chronicler
feels obliged, in the interests of history
and also of accurate records of winners
and past performances, to quote a few
lines from a personal letter giving an ao-
count of this same representation of March
11. On that evening Mme. Tetraszini

| gang in ‘Crispino e la Comare” at Mr. Ham-

merstein's institution in West Thirty-
fourth street, while three days later, on
a Saturday afternoon, Miss Garden, being

| till at the westerly end of the cable, sang

'Mélisande in Mr. Debussy's sorrowful opera,
The letter from which this quotation is
made was written by one of the most ao-
complished and technically skilled musio
lovers of New York, a visitor in Italy at
the time mentioned:

“Last night Y heard ‘Salomé.' It was a
good performance only—excepting the
dancing of Gemma Bellincioni, which was
beyond words beautiful. She does the
dancing herself, ao it adds greatly to the
effect. She was really wonderful.”

And all this time Mary Garden was inno-
cently preparing to astonish Richard Strauss
and he was preparing to aid and abet her
in astonishing himself by not knowing
anything about the fascinating achieve-
ment of Gemma Bellincioni. Altogether
it is to laugh. Miss Garden probably did

| not know when she left America that Mme.

lovers will probably agree that the best |

work in the direction of solidifying public
taste was accomplished by Mr. Damrosch's
Recthoven concerts, just as years ago Dr.
Von Bilow's Beethoven piano recitals
awakened a profound intorest in the great
sonatas and opened their treasures to
hundreds. —

It will be strange if the success of these
concerts does not suggest to musical pro-
jectors the value of making simjlar excur-
sions into the works of other masters, The
sporadic performance of compositions can
never arouse the same amount of interest
as the assembling of several creation of a
Inasier giind in programmes upon which
speelal attention can be fooussed, To be
sure only a few great masters can stand
the test of a series of performances, for
monotony would be certain in the cases of
many

But something can be done, and it is es

! gential that something should be done to

S and instantly |

claimed a place in popular affection, It is
A fine litt!o mus.cal aristocracy that attends
the concerta ¢f Lae Knotso!l Quortat Not
the least interoeting fact ubout it is that it
contains vory f if anv, of thor. famous
and much advertised paw eas of musical art |
whore activities ara confined to the two
0: ora houses and tie s lumns of
the newspapers

Ibe rousical aristocracy of New York ia in
ono sonse exclusive, and inanetioril ia not,
‘Lhere ia no active exclusion of those soceaty
poole. They are excluce | more'y by their
own want of that last elevation of taste ro-
quired for the enjoyment of s cc’) musie as
is provided by the Kneise!l Quai

And then there are no bes » Mendoels-
soln Hall. Fortunately for the society
persone these will be pre ledat Horran
Klain's Sunday concerte ip the new ¢
Theatre

The Oratorio Society bh a8 daon on
December 4, producing Welt. i anys

tata, “La Vita Nuova." 11 will ral
that this work proved to he «

original and heautiful eon):

kind given in this city in re

is probable that the society w '
next season, It certainly ong
again. The Oratorio Society's accivitios for
the winter inclhidad the customary per-
formances of “Ihe Messiah” aid a per-

tobe heard

| back a proclamation that she was going to | to the bess dressed bran
service,

distract the mind from the continual wor-
ship of opera singers. The blind faith of
the wncultivated lover of music that what-
ever an opera singer does must be good
simply because he gets such a large salary

ought to be combated in some way, and the |

force with which to combat it is the orches-
tra, for orchestral music places the purely

personal element in performance as far in
the background as it can be placed. Special
programmes of composera compel the
auditors to think about the music and the

master who created it rather than about
those who play it. Therefore these concerts
are beneficial. Let us have more of them.
Mary Garden's press agent ie doing
notably vigorous work in regard to her
to dance the famous dance in

preparation
Also through the well worn

“Salome.”

Bellincioni had danoed the dance, but Mr.
Strauss—who shall eay what he knows,
knew or will know? W. J. HENDERSON.

 

NOTES OF MUSIC EVENTS.

A concert will be given at the Metropolitan
Opera House to-night tn ald of the United Hebrew
Charities. Mme, Gadski, Miss Estefe Liebling,
May Mukle, ‘cellist, and Maud Powell, violinist, will
appear, The entertainment will be varied by the
performance of the second scene of the first act
of “Polly of the Circus,” with Mabel Taliaferro and
her assoctates.

 

The Helen Noldi Opera Company will begin an
engagement to morrow night at the West End
Theatre, singing “Il Trovatore.”

At her recital at the Waldorf-Astoria to-morrow
evening Miss Isabel Hauser will play a Rubinstein
romance, a humoresque by Wilhelm Berger, three
eea pieces by MacWVowell, the Chopin © sharp
minor polonaise, Burmeister's “Persiches Lied" and
a Mendelssoho scherzo,

Haydn's “Creation” wil be given next Wednes
day evening by the Festival Choir of the Cathedral
of St. Jobn the Divine, with Fdward Johnson, tenor;
Laura Loulse Combs, soprano, and Herbert Wither-
spoon, bass, a8 soloists, Walter Henry Hall, the
organist and choirmaster, will be the conductor.
The concert will be given in Synod Hal! on the
Oathedral grounds, with an entrance at |ilth street
and Amsterdam avenue, The Festival Choir As
sociation bas now become A permanent organiza
tion and the influential members of the Cathedral
have signified their willingness to furnish whatever
capital is necessary to put the cholr on @ soild

footing.

Mme. Sembrich will return to New York on
Tuesday after a concert tour of two months, during
which she appeared in Chicago, St. Paul, Milwaukee,
New Orleans and the principal cities of the South
and West before enormous audiences. Mme.
Sembrich's last appearance will be made on Satur
day afternoon at Carnegie Hall with Pacerewski
and Adamowski tn the Polish concert to be given
for the benefit of the Legal Ald Society) Mme
Sembrich sails on May 5on the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse for London and Paris. Her only appear
ance abroad this summer qill be made in Wles
baden at a concert to be given there in June in
honor of the presence of the German Emp ror

Ivan Abramson's Italian Grand Opera Comp iny
which will begin a season of grand opera at pop sitar
prices at the American Theatre on Monday even
ing, May 4, announces the following rénerto're for

the first week: Monday and Saturday nmigots,
“Aida”; Tuesday night and Saturday matinér,
“Lucia di Lammermoor"; Wednesday nigit li
Trovatore”; Thursday night, “Rigogwtio’, briday

night, “Faust.” For the special ladies’ matinée on
Wednesday “La Traviata” is announced

ELEPHANTS OF LOMAGUNDI,

Protected Beasts That Are Destroying
Property and Killing People.
From the Rhodesia Herald

The Rev. Mr, Grantham, who is in charge
of the Weslevan Mission at lLonwmgundi, has
agein had occasion to complain of the de-
stictivenesas and viciousness of the elephants
that ravage that district A few years ago
there was only one amall herd of about
a dozen, but to-day Mr. Grantham places
their number at over 100

This has been corroborated by other gen-
tlemen, who have placed boys at various
points of the country for the special purpose
of ascertaining the numerical strength of the
brutes. They go about the district in small
herds of about fifteen, and have for the iasi
nine months been a source of terror

Nothing is safe from them, and they are
apparently fearless, They raid the kraale
at night, scattering the fires in the lands,
and what they do not eat of the crops they
destroy in pure wantonness. Already three
kraals have been deserted owing to their fre-
quent visitations, The whole of the lm-
vokwe Range, which extends for a good many
miles, bears traces of their depredations.

 

Trees are rooted up and broken down all |

over the hills and the vieis ar* covered with

the pits made by the animals wallowing, |

Almost every herd contains a number of

calves, andthe older elephants are vicious |

in the extreme, and woe betice any Unstspect-
ing native who bappens to come upon a herd,
Their agility end the rapidity with which
they travel is wonderful, and they can glide
through the veldt almost nolsélessty,

‘The natives that have already been injured
were usually unaware of the presence of the
brutes until they came charging down upon

them, Vi@ious and destructive, they are a
source of dangertoliie. Representations are
| being made to tre Goverement and it is pos-

channel of the Atlantic cable comes a touch. |

ing pon picture of Richard Strauss rejoicing
that next rouwon his masterpioce is to be
“work of art” and not asa mere

given aaa
S This is inevitable. With the

spinal?
riosity

Flan all W

‘sagont, Miss Girden and Mr. Hammer- ,
rking together to lay heavy |

sirow on the dance, with monories of
‘Paie” and Den Ali Haggin’s portrait still
frovh in every memery, no one will dream
of going to #@ performance of “Salome” |
for any other purpose than to atudy the
atrango and peyehelogie interprotative

powor of the muse of Nebard Strauss,
Miss Gircen, returned to Paris, flashed

sible that special + will be taken to rid
the district of the pest,

— oe or toe

Kile,

Canes for the Marine Corps,

Krom the Philadephia Record
Of late a practice new in this country has
mong the men of the Marine Corns

arisen

stationed at League Lsland, Fully half of
them now carry canes, Not the usual walk-
ingstick that the eivilian carries, but the
short two foot silver headed bamboo, just
like that affected by the Enaglish soldier
they con be seen swinging along Market
street) flourishing their diminutive canes

and looking real English indeed
‘merican soldiers have been remarkably

free from affectations thal are practised
by all foreian armies, but the marines, whe
| visit many countries and see ali kinds of
people, must be expected to absorb sane
forcian. ideas, The fad does not acem to

Fe cee eae oe area

do any harm, and it lends @ natty appearance
ch of the American

3 rae eee —

are ye

YOUNG MEN GOVERN ENGLAND

 

Continued from Piret Page.

to travel around the world, but the later one
infected a vastly larger area, as will be seen
by the following comparative table:

 

Month 1890-81. 1889-90

lst Moscow St. Petersburg, Mos
cow, Courtland, Li
vonla, Finland.

24 —Russla. Rertin, Paris, Vienna,
Sweden, Denmark

S11 St. Petersburg London, Holland, Be!

gee Balkan Siaces,
North America
CapeTown,Egyp'!, ton

4th
olulu, Mexico, Ja-

Courland, Livonia.

pan, Hongkone
Sth Warsaw. San Francisco, buenos
ow Ayres, India.

Eastern Prussia, 81- Chile,Cameroons, Zan
lesla. sibar, Basutoland,

Tasmania.
7th All Germany, Finland, Bechuanaland, Bar-

| Denmark, Vienna. —_ bados. eae
Ath Paris, Belgium, we- Gold Coast, Natal.
t art England, Scot-
nd.
| 9th Switzerland, Trinidad,
10th italy Teeland, Madagascar,
all China, Senegal.
11th Spain, North America, Cashmere.

 

A story of a plot to kidnap Queen Vic-
tor:ia and turn England int» republic is
told in Peter Latouche’s book, “Anarchy;

| Ite Methods and Exponents,” just pub-
‘lished. This coup d'état was planned to
| take place in 1888, the year of the great
! dock strike in London, but was frustrated
by the succees of the et ikers and the un-
expected sympathy and help shown them
by the moneyed clas es. This did much
to conciliate the masses, on whose help
the revolutionists rélied.

“These visionaries,” says Mr. Latouche,
referring to the men at the back of the
revolutionary movement, “oonceived the
wild idea thatit was possible for the revo-
lutionista to seize the Queen as a hostage
and simultaneously capture Woolwich Ar-
senal and the Tower. Arrangements had
also been made for blowing up the prin-
cipal lines of railway 80 as to isolate Lon-
don, and this was held to be a necessary
and vital step, although the conspirators
were aware that isolation also meant a
risk of starvation,

“The Provisional Government of this
precious republic was actually appointed.
A member of the Stock Exchange—pre-
sumably on account of his acquaintance
with the devious methods of finance—was

| appointed director of the State railways;
| an ex-artillery officer was to be General
of the national army, and another mem
, ber was to be the Postmaster-General, ap-
' parently because he was a foreigner and
spoke very little English.
* “When the tall order of the holding of the
Queen as a hostage and the seizure of the
Tower and the Arsenal had been duly exes
cuted the already appointed Provisional
Government would at once take charge of
public affairs, A proclamation—which had
been carefully drawn up—would be issued
forthwith to the world, announcing that the
Social Democratic Republic of Great Britain
and Ireland had commenced business and
was prepared to establish friendly rela-
tioms with foreign States.

“The republic would be financed by
paper aseignats or labor notes somewhat
on the lines of Prudhon's visionary scheme,
and as soon 48 possible an election on the
basis of universal adult suffrage would re-
turn a House of Representatives, who
would in turn elect a President of the re-
public.”

Mr. Latouche is not himself an anarchist,
and his book is written from the standpoint
of the impartial investigator.

 

The small boys in the London County
Council School in Camberwell, a south-
eastern suburb of London, have been asked
to give their impressions of girls, and some
of their efforts are as follows:

E. C. writes: “Girls are very abundant
in London. There is a lady in our housa
that has six girls, Wherever I go I nearly
always see a girl.”

F. C. has evidently drawn his impression
from life. He writes: “When girls get
marriade then they have to get the place
cleared up, and they have to have ths meals
ready for their husband, If the meals are
not ready they kic« up a quar.”

A.H. is very strong on history. “Some
| girls have long hair which is different colors
| Girls generally represent the ancient Lritons

with their long hair. Ci-le are not solad
tempered as boys. Girls cost more money
than boys to !eep beca re t! ey weir more
clothes.”

All the essayista are exports on hair,

J.T., in an inspired moment, says. “Girls
i hair is aloud to grow long. Girla hair
grows quicker than boys hair. When they

‘ ficht they fight diferent than boys. When
i boys hit girls they are cowards, When
| girla grow up they make friends with the
boys. Some girls have red cheeksand
ginger hair, They look very pretty.”

A medieval pageant will mark the open-
ing by the Kaiser and Kaiserin of the re-
constituted fortress of Hohkoenigeburg on
May 18. The ancient keep, which lies in
the heart of the Vosges Mountains, was
first built by a prince of Austria, changed
hands many times during the Thirty Years:
War, and finally came into the possession
of the neighboring town of Schlettstadt,
which gave it to the Kaiser.

The latter has had it rebuilt in its original
condition and the pageant next month will
reproduce the formalities used at one of
the changes of possession when the three
sons of a knight of Sickingen were invested
with the estate. The chief feature of the
pageant wil! bea procession up the winding
road leading to the fortress, with the three
knighta in full panoply riding at its head
and a splendid retinue of equerries, banner
bearers, men at arms, archers and varlets
ir. the costume of the tine following them.

The imperial pavilion will be pitched
at the entrance to the fortress overlogking
the winding road. The Berlin architect
Bodo Ebhardt has carried out the work
| of reconstitution.

 

| Echoes of the Tower Hill incident are
; atill heard, and among them is a rather
| venturesome article in Maximilien Harden's
| Zukunft. Harden has known at least half
| as many diplomats as he desires his readers
to udderstand he has met, and thus speaks
; with some authority on the subject of
diplomacy.
| This week he quotes the statement once
| made by Prince Biilow that he always
| recommended his young diplomats to take
as their model Alcibiades, who “was witty
with the Athenians, drank black soujy with
the’ Lacedemonians, and wore long robes
among the Persians,” at the same time
contrasting with this the methods of the
British diplomats, who “never think of imi-
| tating the ways of the Teuton, the French-
man, the Muscovite, the hicalgo or the
Chinaman."

Harden says of external representation
that it “ia an important point and should
be in harmony with the customs of the
country to which the Ambessador is sent,
The richest Ambassedor would take good
) care not to show off bis wealth at the eourt
cf the thrifty Victor Emmanuel
Cambon [French Ambass.dor at Berlin)
gives no outward sign ihat he represents
one of the riches ready money nations of
Hurepe. Sir Frank Lascelles | British Am-
Les. dor at Berlin) lives like an ordinary
English gentleman ” -

And he concludes tha’ only where the

4

eee et ee
ia “

s

people are rich heed the Ambassador | fifty gallons a year for every man, woman

be well off. What is venturesome about
Harden's article is that he makes the Hill
incident the text for a thinly veiled and in
reality entirely groundless accusation that

Old Kaiser Wilbelm,

Potsdam and Berlin, and made a habit of

, saving the covers of his official correspond-

ence to make notes on. Harden perticu-

That well known character the prisoner

languishing in @ Spanish jail with a fine
fortune safely placed away in a foreign
country, has eliminated the weak spot in
his system, He no longer‘uses “poste

| restante” addresses, about which there al-

|

| of a Paris station, where it was now lying;

a -stssnsseensnsisttee ee

|

|

Monsiour |

ways lurked the shadow of suspicion. Thus,
when Mr. and Mrs. Gaby and the latter's
sister, Miss Brousse of Paris, received a
letter from Mr. Nicolas de Vialla it stated
) oy straightforward precision that Mr.

Vialla had just been condemned to three
years imprisonment and the coat of the
trial ($707) for bankruptcy; he had removed
his fortune of $1¢0,000 from his creditors’
reach by sending it to the left luggage office

he was ready to give half of this eum and
a check for $5,000 to any one who would
bring to a certain Spanish etation enough
money to pay the coats of the trial.

The Gaby family hesitated, but Miss
Brousse overpersuaded them, and taking
$800 they started for Spain. At theestation
of Caldas de Vablavale they met, as the
letter had told them they would, a well
dressed gentleman wearing a red badge
on his arm, In exchange for the $707 this
gentleman handed over a check for $6,000
and the baggage check, No. 58.

But, alas! the check proved false and the
baggage empty, and the Gaby family re-
fused to pay half the sum of $787 which
Miss Brousse had supplied. This gave rise
to a lawauit and thereby made known the
facts of the case. The first court decided
against Miss Brousse, but the oourt of
appeal has reversed this decision and
ordered the Gabys to pay up their half.

 

The decision of the Theatre Managers
Association in Paris to aboliah the dead-
head has not struck terror into the hearts
of the deadhead tribe. Consfidentin their
balief that aa there always have been dead-
heads so there always will be, and con-
vinoed that the manager's need of them is
greater than their need of the managers,
they await the coming of the new order
of things in September with equanimity.

Among the special tickets to be abolished
are the authors’ tickets, No French drama-
tiet deals directly with a manager; the
Authors Society acts as his agent, collects
his percentage from the management and
in addition $20 worth of seats for each per-
formance,

A certain ticket agency has a contract
with the Authors Society by which it pays
the author $10 for tfese $29 worth of tickets,
which it sells at the theatre doors, like the
specufitors, for what they will bring. The
theatre managers have now offered to pay
the authors $15 in cash instead of giving
them tickets. '

This of course is a gain of $5 a night to
the authors, but the agency's contract
has seversl more years to run, 6o that
compensation wil! have to be made to the
man who runs the agency in some way.
The society is all the more ready to make
this compensation liberal, as this man has
always shown himself generous to, needy
authors, often advancing them money on
their future tickets.

One of the new regulatians to come into
force on September 1 limits a theatre
manager to twenty personel guests at each
performance and subjects him to a fine of
$10 for each seat given away in excess of
this number. It seems absurd to apply a
rule like this to all theatres, whatever may |,
be their capacity, from the immense
Chatelet to the tiny Grand Guignol, which
was once a painter's atudio.,

France was in 1907 the world’s chief wine
producer as well as consumer. The total
crop for the year was 146,000,000 hectoliters.
Of this French growers produced 66,000,000
hectoliters. Italy was represented by 33,-
000,000, Spain by 17,000,000, Portugal by
4,000,000, Austria by 8,000,000, and Germany
by 2,000,000.

The Belgians are the greatest drinkers
of French champagne, 71,000 hectoliters
being exported there last year. The British
showed a fondness for Bordeaux wine, im-
porting 58,000 hectoliters, against 14,000 sent
to the United States and 18,000 to Germany.

Anti-alcoholic leagues notwithstanding,
France still stands unrivalled as a wine
drinking. nation. The total amount con-
sumed per inhabitant last year was 154
liters. Italy came second, with 85 liters;
the Spanish is credited with 84, the Ru-
manian with 26, the Hungarian with 20,
the Austrian 17, the Servian 15, the German
7, while the Englishman comes last with
only 1% liters. In addition to champagne
Belgians consume! more beer than ee
other nationality, the consumption per eap-
ita in 1907 totalling 222 litres, Great Britain
being placed second, with 124, and Ger-
many a close third, with 120; France last,
with 65 liters, As a drinker of spirits the
Dane comes first, with 6'¢ liters; the Austrian
second, with 5'4, while last year the Hun-
garian drank 5, the German 4, the Dutch-
man 3°{, the Russian 2 and the English-
man a shade under the quantity of
the Russian,

For the laat twenty years Queen Alex-
andra has waged unceasing warfare against
the use of osprey feathers, but the decrees 1
of fashion have proved stronger than the |
wishes of royalty, and a return just issued
shows that there has been no diminution
in the sale of either osprey plumes or bird
of paradise ekins during 1907.

The London plume sales are held bi-
monthly and the output of osprey feathers
ranged from 200 to 548 and bird of paradise
skins from about 4,000 to 7,000. The total
sum of osprey packages is 2,387, against
1,868 in 190, so that neither Queen
Alexandra's expression of opinion nor
the various laws prohibiting the export
of such feathers can be said to have had
any effect on the efforts of the trade.

To the long list of London clubs there
must now be added the Poets Club, which
has been formed for the purpose of re-
vivifying the neglected art of verse making.
Henry Simpson is the first president and
the members already elected include Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Crane, Horace Wyndham,
Mr. Atterbury, Miss Helen Taylor and
Frederick Moore. {

It is expected that there will be no lack
of members, as the number of minor poots
in London is very large, although accord-
ing to the publishers there is little interest
in and less sale for their wares, Once a
month the members wjtl meet and dine
at the United Arts Club, at their new quar- |
ters, over Rumplemayer's,, where perfect ;
poems (in pastry) are always on view, |

 

For the twelve months ended March 31,
1907, London's consumption of water
amounted to 82,128,240,847 gallons, repre-

senting a daily average supply of thirty- |

‘oh

three & head, or

xt

oer er wr

! and ¢hild on the entire earth to-day.
| quantity of water would fill a reservoir
,@ mile square to a depth so great that if

 

 
   
 
   
   
  
  

i hia ide

This

St. Paul's Cathedral were dropped into it

| the Kaiser himself is living oetentat ously | the top of the cross would be more than
| and extravagantly.

enys Harden, lived very differently, fre- |
! quently used the ordinary train between |

100 feet below the surface of the reservoir.

The sum of $117 an hour, and no inter-
ference by tredea unions, seers a fairish
wage, even for those in the firat rank of
the bulldghting profession, Whether the

c sok tein | ion i 8 i the
larly objects to the Kaiser's present trip | remuneration is adequate in view of

, to Corfu with his large suite

risks incurred may. be open to discussion;
certain it is, an expert in the Madrid E poca
tells us, that bullfighting is such an’ emi-
nently healibful ocoupation that ite follow-
ers, if they retire unhurt, invariably reach
a green old age.’

Spanish forreros seem to possess the
happy knack of knowing when they ought
to retire. As middle life approaches, and
still in the heyday of their glory, they leave
the arena with fame undiminished and in
the possession of the means to enjoy the
fruits of their labor. That they are pretty
successful in this latter reapect is shown
by those masters of the craft Raphael
Guerra and Mazzantini, who both made
great fortunes in the bull ring.

Their example has been followed by
Antonio Fuentes, whom even the matter
of fact Baedeker mentions as the most
popular and skilled es pada of the peninsula,
Fuentes, who has just retired for more
peaceful pursuits on his newly acquired
estates in Andalusia, started his career
in d village arena when he was 10, his first
day's wages being 26 cents,

He is not yet 40 and has celebrated verita-
ble triumphs in more than 800 encounters
in Spain and Americe, which have brought
him in a total of $1,000,000, Assumed that
a corrida takes three hours, this is at the
rate of nearly $417 an hour.

THE PATRICK HENRY HOUSE,

Facts About the Old Virginia Mansion to
Be Barned Because of Bat Plague.

From the Richmond Timea-Deapatch

Members of the Aylett family in Richmond
confirm the story of the curious plague of
bats which has overwhelmed the Montvale
house, occupied for several generations by
the connections and descendants of Patrick
Henry. Bats by the thousands have
swarmed about the place during recent years,
under the porches, in the garret, beneath
the floors and in every conceivable crack,
until for some months past the house
hae been entirely untenable and the owners

are contemplating burning or tearing it down |

in an effort to rid the neighborhood of the
pest. °

Situated in King William county, the old
house stands on a plantation of about 1,100
acres, most of which is in cultivation, Until
the time of hia death, five or six years age,
it was occupied by William Aylett. On his
death the place was left to his seven children,
two of whom have disposed of their interest
to the other five.

All of these have now married and scattered,
two members of the family living ir Richmond
For some summers the building was occupied
as a summer home and left with caretakers
in the winter. it was at thie time that the
bats took possession, until in the last few
years the familv have abandoned the use of
the house entirely. About a year ago con-
siderable tepairs were put on the place and
it was hoped at that time that the hate had
been driven out, but with the opening of spring
weather the creatures have returned in even
greater numbers. The tenant farmer has
been driven forth, by the advancing army,
and the house stands abandoned to the ele-
ments. the home of hats in every crevice.

Montvale was one of the few old Virginia
mansions in King William county remaining
in the hands of the original family. During
the lifetime of the late William Aylett it was
widely known as one of the most hospitable
homes in that section of the State,

DEATHS FROM ANASTHETICS.

Matter That Is to Be Subject of Investiga-
tion in England.

From the Britiah Medical Journal

A question recently put to the Secretary
of State for the Home Department as to
how many deaths oocurred during the year
1907 in the metropolitan area and in the other
parts of England and Wales respectively
from the effects of the administration of
anesthetics elicited the reply that the figures
for the year 1907 were not yet available, but
according to the verdicts of coroners’ juries
and the certificates of medical practitioners
there were inthe year 1906 sixty-four deaths
in London and 119in the remainder of England
and Wales caused by anmsthetics admin-
istered for operations.

It was stated that there appeared to be
some reason (o doubt whether the certificites
on which these returns were based were in
all cases complete and that there must neces-
sarily sometimes be difficulty in determining
if death ‘under an anesthetic was caused
by the anesthetic. It was proposed, there-
fore, to make further inquiry into the matter.

A Matrimonial Express,

Richmond correspondence Baltimore Sun.

Mrs. J, Rt. Gill's annual Easter excursion
to Washington, which is known al! over the
State as the “Matrimonial Express,” left this
morning with len cars packed to the doors
It is said (hat the train carried at least twenty.
five couples who are making the trip with
matrimonial intentions,

A great many WW them came from other
parts of the State to make the trip to get
married,

ITALIAN DEPUTY ACCUSES Tl
% NAPLES POLICE.

Signor Ferrt Declares That Officials anf
the Proceeds of the Crimes of
Camorra—italian Government Rp
to Make an Investigation,

  

0

Howeves

Romer, April §.—The Socialiat Deputy,
Signor Giacomo Ferri offered a resolytior
in the Chamber of Deputies last week
calling for an investigation into the ree

| lations existing between the Camorra
the Government officials in Naples, ,
| resolution was rejected, but it provok
an interesting debate during which
history of the Camorra was examined fro
different standpoints, new facts were breyg
to light and many false impressions we
removed,
Signor Ferri made a long apeech in whid

| be explained that the Socialist party
| forced to take up the case of the amor
in southern Italy owing to the fact tha
the parliamentary representatives of tha
district were entirely passive and made
no attempt to remedy the evil

In June, 1907, Signor Ferri denounoed
the crimes that were being committed
in Naples and furnished proofs of the cog
nivance between the Camorra and the policg,
The Government then realized the gravity
of the situation and waged war against the
z The chief of police was dis.
\

 

missed, the investigation of crimea »
entrusted to the carabineers, who gy
ceeded in bringing to justice many criminal
and the Prefect of Naples was changed
But time passed and gredually then
pressive action of the Government cea sad,
on account of political motives, Signg
Ferri says. The Neapolitan Deputies ay
many and their support to the Governmeg
is not to be neglected. The Camorra fy
the past forty years has afforded grew
help to the Government candidates at the
elections

The real chief of police in Naples wa
a noted Camorrista, Antonio Parlati, why
is now in prison awaiting trial. This my
was the he’ of three international gang
of thieves an. ‘e had under him 3) amor
risti, divided ‘n' varange, or sqiada, ap
cording to the « o.al criminal work they
were engaged in, namely, burglary picking
| pockets, extortion, assaults, 4c

When the squad of pickpockets who
| worked on the tramcars appeared ¢
police prudently left them undisturbed
! and went away. Once it happened that
| @ policeman remained on a car while the
| pickpockets were at work. Their chief
promptly went up to him and forced him
to leave.

A police sergeant named (Giannae
| pointed out to a Camorrista the pocket
| which a fore gner had put his money an
t naturally contributed to its being stolen
| Parlati had the police in his pay. He
| regularly paid Police Commissioner Ippo
lito 50 francs a week, Sergt. Giannacchi &
another sergeant 100 francs a month,
{80 on to almost every man. He ga
presents to their wives and families,
Parlati was the epy of the polica, fe
was supposed to help in the detection d
crimes, and in order to show that not d
the crimes committed in Naples remai
unpunished he helped the police to
innocent persons under suspicious circu
: and furnished false evidence

 

 

their conviction. The police got a shay
of the proceeds of the burglaries oon
mitted by the Camorristi, and Signor
mentioned specific cases in which the boo
was divided and specified the articles wh
fell to the share of the Naples police.

In concluding the Socialist Deputy
grettod that the work so successfully in
ated by the carabineers had been stoppel]
by order of the Government and that ti
members of the police force had remai
unpunished while the Camorra is as flou:
ing now as it was cori years ago.

Signor Giolitti replied to the speech
Signor Ferri and admitted that the Cam
still flourishes in Naples and that it o
tributes to increase the criminality 4
southern Italy. The Government
siders it a duty to uproot the evil and
tends to reform the prison system,
has been ascertained that the Cam
thrives in the prisons, where all the ev
doers are brought into close contact
eactf other. *

Most of the charges againat the membat
of the police were unfounded or at leat
exaggerated. If the Camorra axiated t
was not the powerful organization th
the Socialists wish to make it ap td
simply a gang of evildpers of the sam
character as was to be found in alma

Deputies

every large city.

Several Neapolitan me
speeches denying the existence of #
Camorra and protesting against Sigs
Ferris dishonoring the good name @
Naples,

IsSignor Feri wrong and has the (Camort
really lost its power? It is difficult #
answer the question, hut some people a
that th. Camorra is et |) as powerfulas it wa
forty years ago, 89 » worful, in fact, t
even Ministers and Deputies take up it
defence in Parliament.

ss

 

@® Carpets

There are two great advantages in buying from a manu-

fecturer who deals exclusively

in floor coverings. One is an

ectual saving of money by obtaining factory prices. The
otker is en opportunity to select from the newest and freshest

patterns direct from the mills.

Here are some specs] offerings

which sttikingly illustrate these *rvantages:

Rugs—Sarak Wiltons, 9x12, woven one

at $40.00, now

: Handsome Wilton Velvet Rugs,
ings, 9x12, were $23.50, now

Body Brussels

Wee sei cae se

Rugs, the b

Royal Wilton Rugs, at « saving of $10.00; regularly sold

at $39.50; this week...

Piece, regularly sold

$26.50

exceptionally good color-

$18.50
$28.50,

$23.50

est mace; 9x12; were

. $29.50

Rugs made from remnants at less than cost. ‘in all
grades, sizes to fit any room; bring measurements, j

Carpets—Tapestry Brussels, best

this week ‘

Worsted Wilton Velvels,

were $1.35; now

Axminsters in attractive
were $1.75; now

.

Others, were $1.25; now, ...,

Dobson’

Makers of Carpets for 50 years,

10-wire weaving; were $1.00;

72':¢

suitable for parlor, hall and stair;

75 to 95c

designs, suitable for any room;

fee

$1.15

14th Stre
Ss, and
5th Avent

/