DOINGS IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
IN EAST AND WEST,

Why Harvard's Attitude. Toward Sport
Reforms Is Important—California Un
able to Enter Conference Meet—Club

{ Rowing System on Trial at Wisconsin,

It occurred to some one the other day to
ask, “Why is it that so much is always
being written about athletics at Harvard?
Why do 60 many persons think it necessary
to find fault with sports as they are managed
by Harvard?” Need it be said it was a Har-
vard man? When a person looks back to
muoh of the heated discussion of athletics
in the universities he is very apt to find
that most of the talk and argument is about
things as they are put into action at Harvard
or things that Harvard has recommended in
@ general way, The reason that Harvard
{a all the time coming in for criticism as a
rule far from kindly is chiefly the fault of
Harvard itself. At this vory time the our-
rents of athletic control in many colleges
are running whirlpoolwise instead of aoc-
cording to custom, The disturbing element
has been injected by Harvard.

When the men who were delegates to the
meeting of the I. C. A, A. U.S. last winter
discussed the matter of limiting athletic
schedules aud spoke of what they intended
to do, it did not produce any uprising.
These men were going to move quietly, and
after due investigation, toward their end
However, they were not as important as
Harvard. What is done at Cambridge
amounts to a great deal more. The chief
reason for this is that Harvard meets the
biggest colleges in sports and ia among the
biggest. What Harvard intends doing
interests Yale as the actions of no other
college, not even excepting Princeton,
influence the Blue

Harvard is Yale's chief rival. It takes
only the statement in the Yale Nera of
A recent issue regarding the reasons that
there is no Yale-Cornell boat race to prove
that beyond question, The Yale paper
said that Yale put more value on a victory
over Harvard than any other prize in the
aquatic world, Therefore it reasons itself
out directly that Harvard's movements
have a direct effect on Yale athletios,

The life of college sport is competition.
While in a general way it would suffice to
have intracollegiate contests there are the
other and larger competitions which count
most. The games universities
and their greatest rivala are thos which
are considered worth while. It's a great
deal like beating your twin brother at lawn
tennis to take part in intracollege sporta,
You're the champion of the Smith family
maybe, but there's a deal more satisfaction
In being the champion of the Smitha and
Joneses combined, especially if there ia any
rivalry in other lines betweon these two
families ©

Competition is one of the best aims
and ends of aport. The point is made often
that men onght to take sports for the recrea-
tion in them and that athletics is not the
main object of collegiate existence, There
are few persons who would set thomselves
up In opposition to these statements. On
the other hand, the natural instinct among
persons equipped for a game is to try to
determine who is the at the game. .

It might as well be argued that the
trained architects turned out by the univer-
sities ought not to compete against one
another for a living. They ought to be
architects for the msthetic pleasure de-
signing gives them and they ought to be
content with fittle pay, if any. Of course
, that's business." But buainesa or not, it
is no more the expression of the natural
inborn tendency to fight it out with aome
one else than is the modern development of
collage sport.

Maybe years and yeara ago, when few
took part in sports and study was the
whole thing, the intracollege snorta, which
consisted of a type of baseball and a leas
violent pig's bladder football, were euf-
ficient. But even in those days, for which
some educators now sich, it (Jd not take
long for the men in collegpa near to one
another to discover that there was a rivalry
which could be worked out through the
medium of athletic games. [t ia not to be

bet ween

denied that athletic sporta have grown
to a point where their importance does
interfere with the college work--in some
colleges. And thos colleges have them-

selves to blame. They confeas their in-
competence to forerse the development
of athletics when they now announce that
athletic sports have got away from them,
Itreduces to this; Intercollegiate sporta
are highly natural, and in well managed
universitios need not bebeyond the control
of the academic heads, ~

To return to the other matter: Harvard
ought to be more diffident about announe-
ing radical changes, It is like a card house
or a chain of Weak banks. Touch one and
down goes the whole fabrie, If Harvard
makes a false step Yule is affected, Yale in
turn affects Princeton, and then it goas
waving along through the whole ecard house
and the entire fabric of college sport is
about destroyed. The changes may be
well intended: few may gainsuy that. But
what is done, or perhaps better what is
announced a8 likely to be done, ought to
be considered very carefully before it ia
made public. With all the doctors at work
onthe body of college sport that poor frame-
work may suddenly collapses. It takes a
good heart to stond these sudden shocka.
And it isn't as if Harvard carried through
every announcement that ia made. Far
from it. The continuel “scare head” an-
nouncementa from Cambridge are the
shocks that are proving tap much for the
weak heart “Harvard to do this” and
*“Harvarl to do that.” “So and so of the
Harvard faculty attacks sport” and the like
ere all announcements of bins that do not
make gool anti*eorteiniv make had for
the future of intercollegiate snporta

The Western Conference Intercollegiate
Association invited the University of Cali-
fornia to sen] a team to the conference

track and field meet in Chicago on June 6, |
‘now, Taylor will hardly be able to tackle

but the Californians declined the invita-

 

tion. The chief reesor was the great ex-

nae involve! in sending a track team
elf way across the continent. There waa
no consideration of not having the men,

because the Pacific Const athletes are getting
to be pretiy good of late

Not to mention the mile record estab-
lished by Will Himred ef Pomona and the
crack performances of the California
freshman Albert Munn, there were some
good ones ip the recent interclass games
at Stanford. Vandervoort, a senior, won
the broad jump with 23 feet 4'4 inches
and Horton of the same class put the shot
43 feet 10’. inches
ran 440 yards in 5° 3-5 seconds, But the
best performance of all was in the pole

vault, whero Bellah, a sophomore, cleared
12 feet 2!) inches. Beilah is a protégé
of Capt. Lanagan of the Stanford track
team, whe is barred from competition !
because he was suspended for participa-
tion in a student domonstration, Bellah
is countean the second best man of the
Stanford team in the pole vault
Performances of this kind mean that
the Pacifie Coast college men will furnish
some formidable material for the division
of the Olympic testa chosen by competition
out there, ‘This is net to mention a host
of first raters amon club athletes, In-

 

cidentally if a Califor team could
arrange to come to Chieago tor one of
those coniorence meow the eelihood
would be a reverse for the conference men,
The Coast athletes have so much longer
a training season that they eould be in
fop notch form without any trouble, when
& particularly backward’ spring would
hurt the ehances of t conferece men
They can he in excellent Siape on outdoor
tracks in March ont on the Coast, when
further Fast they would hardly be able
te do tan; thay jog ous of doors,

Chicags hasan extended track season yate and beroioc measures for relief, Lf in |

THE COLLEGE ATRLETRS |

| Cross-country championships,
| also modelled its croas-count

 

Brown, a freshman, |

 
      

this year. Outside of the Pennsylvania
rele games there are four dual meets,
Purdue, the Chicago A, A., Illinois and
Wisconsin are on successive Saturdays,
prarting May 2. Then come the conference
championships, and shortly thereafter the
Olympic tryouts. Four dual meets make

rather a trying season for a team, Most.

colleges do not undertake more than three,
and Pennsylvania most seasons has no
more than one,

Incidentally Chicago has awarded the
varsity C to the members of the champion
shi ketball team, Capt. Schommer,
Falls, Page, Georgen and Hoffman, the
five who might be considered the regular
team, got the letter, although Harris played
in the championship series against Penn-
sylvania, It is recorded that there was
some objection to giving the letter to the
five piayare on the part of the other wearers
of the C, They bly felt, like some
Yale mon, that the letter was being chegpend
by giving it for the minor sports, re
cannot be much argument that a basket-
ball team gpoe enough to win the college
championship of the country—that's what
their feat amounted to—is as much entitled
to the highest athletic honors as a base-
ball team that gets thoroughly and soundly
licked in all ite important games,

‘They have awarded the varsity letter at
Wisconsin to women students, it may be
mentioned while on the subject of insignia.
The prominent coed athletes who take
part in basketball, gymnastics and base-
»all—there ia a girls’ indoor baseball league
at Wisconsin—are rated certain ways in
their work, and to the most expert the letter
is given It cannot be worn on sweaters
or caps as the men wear it and is smaller
than the varsity W. It may be worn only
on the gymnasium suit. It may be that
this letter stands only for “women,” as
one Wisconsin man suggests, At any
event it is a brand new departure.

Reform is being introduced at Yale into
the manner of handling the subscriptions
for the minor sports teams, Ap association
is to be formed to have control of the money
collected for these sports, Hitherto the
money has been taken up in a haphazard
way and reports of the expenditures never
have been issued, There is no suggestion
that there has been anything wrong in the
handling of the money, but it is believed
that better things can be accomplished by
having an organization similar to that
which controls the major sports. The
freshmen, who have been the chief sufferers
through subscriptions to these teams, also
will be spared under the new system, and
it goes without saying that the teame them-
selves will benefit greatly.

The influence of Cornell on college eross-
country running has been very great, both
as a stimulus and in other ways. The
Michigan runners who are making plans
to enter a strong team in the intercollegiate

run next fall will have the satisfaction of |
knowing if they are victorious that in |

rest art their succeas is due to Cornel.
he Michigan C, C. C. is modelled on the
Cornell plan and Cornell men were con-
sulted with regard to it, At Ann Arbor
they have kept it up season after season,
running crose-country races in the fall,
merely remeng the men for better and
more effective distance racing on the track.
They never took part in the conference

Syracuse
association
on the Cornell lines, here again the advice
of Coach Moakley of Cornell being sought.
It is a thing of no small credit to Moakley
that he talked freely and willingly when he
was asked in both instances with the ob-
ject in view solely of making college cross-
country running a better thing. without
selfish reference to the welfare of his own
college team alone.

Unless Massachusstta Inatitute of Tech-
nology devises some plan for getting into
the I. C. A. A. A. A. before the run next
fall the Tech men will not be eligible for
the race at Princeton. Sinoe the general

track association took control of the run |

only members are permitted to start.
M. I. T. does not belong to the I. C. A. A

A. A, and at the recent annual meeting |

made no effort to join, It will be no par-
ticular gain if Michigan is added at the
expense of a college already in, because
that doesn't increass the number in the

run, which was what the assimilation was |

designed to effect. However, judged from
what the delegates had to say at the I. C.
A. A. A. A, meeting the smaller colleges
will make an effort to send teams. Rutgers,
Stevens and Williams may have teams
for the race. and cross-country running
at Armherst is well established,

Some of the athletes at the University
of Pennsylvania are inclined to resent
the action taken to make them pay up
their bills for training table expenses be-
fore they may take part in athletio sports.
They make the contention that the athletic
committee may not bar them and there
has been talk even of consulting legal
authorities in the matter. It might be
feasible to sue out an injunction resirain-
ing the athletic committee from preventing
the students from exercising on Franklin
Field. That is what the present prohibi-
tion includes. Of courses the alternative
suggestion that the athletes pay their bills
will hardly be received with approval.

At the time that football was abolished et
Columbia there was a considerable sum of
money in the treasury of the association.
What final disposition has been made of

that fund never has been made public. |

If inemory serves, a part of the money

so taken in charge was to be put aside
against the reestablishment of the Ameri-
can Rugby game within a certain limited

period of years, whether five, seven or ten
years is not recalled. No one hes bothered
much about this money.

The rowing elub system has been in-
augurated at Wisconsin, At a recent
meeting of the senior sophomore club
George Wilder, the varsity captain, was
elected president; John Wiles, who stroked
the 1910 crew at Poughkeepsie, vice-presi-
cent; John Richardson, secretary, and
Robert Iakisch, who rowed in the 1910 boat,
treasurer, There are to be two clubs, one
from the seniors and sophomores, the other
from the juniors and freshmen, The idea
is to have the odd numbered classes in one
club, the even numbered in the other.
‘Lhe clubs will have room in the university
boathouse for their shells. Coach Ten
Fyck will devote a gertain amount of time
each day tothe carsmen in preparing them
for an interclub regatta.

When John B. Taylor, the negro quarter
miler at Pennsylvania, finished the 440
yard run in the intercollegiate games last
spring he broke down. tendon in one
leg was severely strained. It took a lot of
nursing to bring the leg around in good
shape again. It is understood that Taylor
again has shown signs of having trouble
with his leg, and there is a chance that he
will be kept out of hard work until the in-
tercollegiate meet, Trainer Murphy has
cherished some idea of working him in
lwih the quarter mile and the half mile in
the big meet if Pennsylvania ia hard sed
for points, but if conditions continue as

that ambitious programme.
On the pure °

torial: “Every Yale organization has its
own particular delenda eat C'arthego, moro
or less visionary, more or less necessary —
dormitories, a swimming pool, the Sunday

| exodua—all the things in fact which any
| earnest group of Ya

men are striving to
obtain or demolish. There is, however,
always a gradation in the value of these
aims. One can hardly regard the con-
stant demand of a minor team for more in-
signia, important as it may seem to the in-
dividuals concerned, in the same light as
the demand for ap increase in the profes-
sorial pay roll,

“Only @ cursory glance over the depart-
ments of Yale life under student control is

necessary to place a finger on its sorest |

spot what the News of many years back

| was wont to call decisively ‘Yale's greatest

necd.’ That the university crew should

| be obliged to establish itself in headquarters

notoriously unsanitary, ifl heated (if at all),
crowded; that this inadequacy of accommo-

dation should constitute a firm ‘thou salt |

nov tothe hundreds of men who would other-

wise take up rowing without fixing their |

eyes on a Y or even on numerals; that the

| gymnasium shquld be burdened with tanks

and machines when the apace is urgently
needed by non-athletic studenta—eich a
siate of affairs certainly constitutes a prees-
ing and erying need,

“As much as we hate to persia! in dragging
in Hervard for purpoa’s of discomforting
comparison, the cass in the presant issue
is too obvious to be denied—three large
comfortable sanitary boathouaes, 5%” men,

and’ an adequate s..pply of shells for their |

accommodation, Surely while such a
comparison, 89 disadvantageous to Yale,
is possible, the situation demands immedi-

  
  
   
  
 
 

omnes

 

 

the needed boathouse |
| at Yalo the Daily News has a striking edi- |

 

eee

 

 

 

 

 

refutation you point to the relative pro-
portion of Servked and Yale victories, our
only reply is to point to Mr, Kennedy.

“Where Harvard has a remarkably
egtaipped plant, a highly developed sy#iem
of clase, dormitory and club crews, but few
university victories, we have one mao and
a triumphant record. If we choose to con-
sider the balance in our favor the immedi-
ate present is secure. Lose the man and
Yale rowing supremacy—we oannot but
believe it—will lapse into tradition, One
turn of the wheel can without the slightest
exaggeration place us in a position far
below that of our rivals in plant, in breadth
of interest, in racing results.”

This appeal ought to stimulate many
toward making the proposed $80,000 boat
house an aocomplis' fact. However,
did not Yale win boat races and lots of them
from Harvard before John Kennedy came
there? The Yale man may not have ob-
served that at a recent meeting at Harvard
it was reported that the boat clubs there
were losing membership through a lack of
interesf,

 

SOCIETY WOMAN A DECORATOR.

lady Montgomery Starts on @ Business
Career in London,

From Tit-Bita,

Lady Mary Graham Montgomery, one of
eight sistera renowned for their striking
beauty, is tho latest recruit to the ranks of
aristocratic traders,

She has elected to start her business career
as an artistic housedecorator,and only quite
recently opened premises in Duke atreet,
Manchester Square, JIondon. The dia-
tinguished ownership of the new shop ie
concealed under the following laconic com-
mercial announcement: “Ropley. House
Decoration, Alterations, Upholstery, Sani-
tation.”

Lady Montgomery is the wifeof Sir thomas
Montgomery, seventh baronet of Stannope,

in Peebleashire, and the youngest daughter
of the late Sir Lhomas and lady Ilaouisa
Moncriefe. Her eldest sister married the
present Duke of Atholl, who holds more
titles than any other peer in the British Isles
lady Montgomery follows the example of
many other distinguished shopkeepers,

   

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

wenn

wre eens

 

 

   

  
    

ONCE THE ATHENS OF THE WEST

BARDSTOWN, KY.,WASIN THE NEW
YORK CLASS IN 1808.

Like This City, It Is Celebrating the Cen-
tenary of the Erection of a Catholic
Diocese—Onee King Leuls Philippe
Taught School There—Its Present State.

The centenary of the Catholic Diocese
of New York, which, like the dioceses of
Boston, Philadelphia and Bardstown, Ky,,
dates ite foundation from April 8, 1808,
recalls the story of the Kentucky village
which Henry Clay once named the “Athens
of thé West.” One hundred years ago
Bardstown was mentioned in the eame class
with New York, Boston and Philadelphia.
To-day it ig a village of 1,800 people, a
picturesque community scattered over one
of Kentucky's cave punctured bluffe and
boasting its chief waterway in Pitchfork
Creek,

Once known. as one of the centres of
American learning, with ita Jesuit college,
its seminaries, ite massive cathedral, ite
proud gentry and its beautiful women,
Bardstown is known to-day only as the
county seat of Nelson county and alone
distinguished for ita product of old Nelson
rye. “From learning to liquor,” a8 Goy,
Bill Johnson once described it.

Deprived of its cathedral see, which was
transferred to Louisville in 1841, and de-
serted by the Jesuits, who abandoned their
college of St. Joseph in 1848 and came to
New York to found Fordham College, the
supremacy of the Athens of the West began
to wane. But the proud old residents of
Bardstown will tell you to-day that she is
the greatest town on earth.

They will tell you that she has her own

telephone service, an electric light plant, | stone pikes,

   

ae ee =

BROOKLYN

rere vw

Nee

BROOKLYN--EVERYTHING COSTS LESS HERE.

-

 

 

f _THE SUN. SUNDAY, APRIL ‘26, 1908.

 

ADVERTISEMENTS, |

two banks and 4 normal high school, Then
they will lead you down the wide old shady
avenue known as Main street to a o
court house nestling back in a clump of
giant oaks and walnuts. But they always
keep their trump card for the last.

They will take you behind a team of
trotters which would turn the head of even
a jaded speedway driver and drive you
down the white stone pike to a little old
building which leans wearily on its props,
and then you are teld, “There's the school
house where King Louis Philippe of Franee
taught school in 1778." They will tell you
that Ben Hardin's father and Gov. Beok-
ham's grandfather and old Judge Wickliff
and the Rowen boys and the Spauldings,
the old Archbishop, and the Lancasters,
and a score of other men whose names
are writ in the roll of honor of all Ken-
tuckians, learned their three Re in that
old school house and were tutored by a
king in exile.

A little further over the bluff is did St.
Joseph's Church, atill known as the Cathe-
dral. It is built of gray stone and hand
made bricks, and it is big enough to house
all the inhabitants of Bardstown. In this
church still hang the paintings presented
to the church by Louis Philippe after he
ascended the throne of France in 1880.

After the episcopal see was moved from
Bardstown, several efforts were made
to have those paintings transferred to
Louisville, and it is said that the Jesuits
also endeavored to get possession of them.
But the people of Drdetown took a firm
stand and declared that never while the
town lasted should the gifts of ite royal
schoolmaster be taken away.

The Bardstown mother begins in the
cradle days to tel] her children of the t

lories of the Athens of the West, Those
legends are the Arabian Nights of the
Kentucky child. And when he grows up
to manhood and drifta away from the old
home—and they nearly all drift away from
Bardstown--he recalls with pride the old
cathedral and King's school house, the
the Rowan home, where

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

 

 

 

 

Free Excursion Fares on mut
of April to Long Island
Customers. On a purchase
of $5 or over, half fare;
on a purchase of $10 or
over, full fare.

 

COPPOLA

eereenenaaaar conde eaaseeetanseronsitaa
(jreat Sale of Sheets and Pillow Cases

AlsoBlankets, Comfortables, Towels, Linens and Shirt Waist Patterns
None C. 0. D. No mail or telephone orders, but adeposit will secure your purthase,
the balance to be paid on delivery,

50c Muslin Sheets,’ 34c 69c Sheets, ‘ti. 44c

I5c Pillow Cases, 12'4c | 12'4c Pillow Cases, 10'4c

20x40 Inch Hemmed
Towels, 8c. each.

Because there is a border on one end

only. 123, regular value.
$2.00 German Fleece
Blankets, $1.50.
For full size beds.
$1.25 Cotton Filled
Comfortables, 94c.
72x78 inches long.
2, Yards Long, German
Cloths, $1.29.

Hemstitched, all linen and actually |

worth $2.00 each.
l5c. All Linen Hemmed
Napkins, lic. each.
19 inches square.
65¢c. Bleached All Linen
Damask, 50c.
64 inches wide, good heavy quality.

  
  
 
 
  

| 10¢.

 

OP PP PP PDP PPP PPA

Size 42x36 inches or 45x36 inches.
40 Inch White Lawns,
6c. yard.

Subject to ae oil spots.
None c. oO,
orders.

81.00 All Linen Silver Bleach |1°°

Damask, 79¢.
An extra quality hand loom Table

Linen that will outwear two of any |

ordinary cloths at the same price.

8c. Yard Wide Bleached
Muslin, 5'2c. Yard,

Yard wide, regular at $1.25.

29¢. Imported Mercerized
Batiste, 19¢.

A beautiful sheer fabric in stripes and

plaids.

 

 

+ no mail or telephone |

12',¢. Bleached Bath Towsis,

10¢. each.

18x36 inches fong.
Hemmed, good quality.

+ Barnsley Union Crash,
Je. yard.

17 inches wide, heavy quality.

75c. Bleached Irish Table
Damask, 49e.

Two yards wide, heavy quality Union
Linen in Dice patterns only,

12 Yards English Cloth, 98¢.pe. $1.25 Embroidered Shirt Waist

Patterns, 59c.

Including embroidered fronts, collars
and cae also two yards of plain

Persian Lawn 40 inc wide, fine
sheer quality.

On sale in White Goods Department
only. ‘
PPPPPPPI PPPPOD AD POPP PPPS

 

(Carpets and Rugs a Third Under

$35.00 Value Royal Wilton Rugs, size 9x12 ft., for $23.75.

$1.50 Value Crex Matting Rugs, size 36x72 in., for 98c.

$30.00 Value Biglow Body Brussels, size 9x12 ft. for $16.98, |

$5.00 Value Crex Matting Rugs, size 4 ft. 6 in.x7 ft., for $1.75.
50c. Value Crex Matting Rugs, dropped patterns, for 25c.
$12.00 Value John Bromley’s Smyrna Rugs, size 6x9 ft:, for $6.98.

 

 

 

OP PPL PLL

PPLE LPPL

 

 

At Reduced Prices All Carpets Made, Laid and Lined Free.

PPP PPP PD PLL

 

‘Secure One of These Genuine Leather Dress Suit Cases

They are specials at $1.48 to $2.98.
Prices ‘ Afford to Dress Well.

Boys’ Norfolk Suits, $2.98.

With straight or knickerbocker pants, in pretty mixtures of
brown, tan, gray and olive; sizes 7 to 16,

 

Men, These

Men's $12.00 blue serge Suits, single or double

breasted styles, sizes 34 to 44......

' et eee
Men's $12.00 and $15.00 blue serge and black Thibet, fancy | ar Suit
worsteds and cheviot Suits, single or double Boys’ saller and Ruselen

‘ breasted styles, sizes 34 to 44 chest measure...

Every Item a Bargain

Each item proclaims the fact, and you have but to see it to bow to the truth. Here is a China Depart-
Here are bargains that evoke admiration.and enthusiasm.

 

   
 
 
    

Cut Glass.
None but the Best.

$5.00 8 inch Fruit Bowls..........

uth American

feeeeeee

ment spread out in splendid fashion.
| $3,00 Su d Crea . OL
We Carry | $8.00 12in, Sove Vin bar oe. BIBS

$3.00 Water Bottles............. $1.79
$5.00 Water Bottles..........4. $3.49 |
$3.50 8 inch Berry Bowls......... $1.98

 

$8.50,

|

eeeee

}

$9.95)

Clothing Dept., Second Floor,

In
This

Dinner Sets.

$12.00 porcelain Dinner Sets, $8.98, |
with pink apple blossom decorations |

and gold lines; 100 pieces; set includes
soup tureen and 3 meat
platters; regularly $12.00..

 

will rip open a Mattress and show you just how it is made and th: long, springy,

We reserve the right to limit the number sold to a customer.
size 4.0, one part. These sizes only, Made of best A. C. A. ticking,

best manner.

Suppose you try to duplicate one of these Mattresses that we offer at $14.75 for less than $30.00.
OPP LPL LG LPL LLP PP PLP PPL PPP PDP

forse 3 vi lw ial

 

blue, cut full, emblem on sleeve and shield; sizes
3 to i youn OPC CAL egies seeeeeessrnrerees
nnex,

Sale of China. 3

$2.00 gold plated Clocks, artistic

$8.98 |

 

Hair Mattress, $14.75.

This 's the most remarkable Mattress offer ever printed. If you are in doubt as to the quality,
ean hair with which it ts stuffed,

This is to shut out dealers. Size 4.6, in two parts;
pure extra super-long South American hair, made in the

 

Main Floor. 3

 

sc s0 ++ «63.98 to 87.98
in pretty mixtures, also plain

$1.98

 

 

Beauty Clocks That Keep Time.

98¢

UOMO 6648090 57.0911 00434505

Fine thin blown initial Tumblers, eén-

graved with neat border pat-
wen regular price 98c, per
WO i66r stk 0ees iiss

60c

PPP PPP DP OPP OP

 
 
  
   

come right in and we

Third Ploor, »

www

 
 

oan families in

of the county
and the Jesuit college. The

higher education “of
ters.” The most prominent families of the
South irrespective of creed
daughters there
established branches of the alumna of th
institution in many cities of the South.

who wore the mitre until 1
Gu

In "imal Bishop John Martin Spaulding
was made the ruler of the Bardstown see
and took the cathedral to Louisville, where

George McCloskey, a native of Brook
anes 6 oldest Bishop of the American hier-
a

aA uw

| Soon
aNd

  
   

  
  
 
  
  

Stephen Collins: Foster w
Kentucky Home"; the
the cemetery where lies
inventor of steamboats, and where
tombstones bear many of the old names
of the founders of the Blue Grass State,
Bardstown was first settled in 1774 and
was inco ted in 1778 by an act of the
Virginia Legislature, It was first known
as Salem, but waa incorporated as Bards-

town.

Two bogeade have been handed down as
to the origin of the name, One is that the
old town was firdt settled by the Balrds,
who, with the Lancasters, Spauldings an
three or four other English families,
branched out from the Maryland oolony
of tlemen who came to this country
with Lord Baltimore in 164%, The more
popular ¢ is that the men of culture
who decided to plant the root of their Ameri-
the Athens of the West,
believed that the romantic heart of Nelson

county’ w some day oradie a great
A and so the pro y was

prociai and town

, the name of
placed on record,

The first settlers of Bardstown were
English Catholics, With the development
came the Jesuit missions

Sisters of

a seminary for the

Navareth also found
tlemen's h-

placed their
and there are to-da

The prominence of Bardstown as a manu-

facturing centre and a town of culture led

the Pope to oreate it an ep’ Bee,
first weet of the Alleghany Mountains,

Two yeara later Bishop
crate’ firs: Bishop of

1 Teo

1819 he was succeeded by Bishop David,
Sree when Bish

Ignatius Chabrat was consecrated,

it ie now governed by Bishop William

lyn

Bishop MoCloskey's father was one of

   

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

/
'

 

 

’

 

¢ Old
Sy" acetatend,
John Fitch, oe

 

 
 
 

  

 

 

 

‘ounders of St. James's Church |
Bre lyn. Both of Mr. MoCloskey's oean
became priests and the presént Bishop of
Louisville was éducated at Kome and be.
came the fret president of the American
College'at hime, He was made the Bighes
of Louisville forty years ago last Thun.

day.

Tie old Bardgtown Cathedral is presided
over by Father O'Connell, who has been jis
reotor for more than a quarter of a century
Bardstown is foing to celebrate its centen.
ary, although its services will not be marked
by the pomp which will surround the feat), .
ties of the jubilees of the Eastern sees

The late Dr. Cyprian Mattingly, whose
forefathers were the builders of the towy
and the founders of the Cathedral, used
to tell a story of an old darky he met on
the turnpike with a load of fenve rails
Bardstown hadn't built anything but hopes
for years and yeare and a load of fence
rails going into town was an event

“Aren't you one of Gov. Johnson's na.
groes?” asked the doctor. “Well, what
are you going to do with those raila’”

“Law, Marser Doctor,” anawered tha
old negro, “Mara Johnson he say cle town
ain't nebber goin’ to grow no mo ~an'
be jee ge r fence it in.”

jut t was twenty years ago and aines
then Bardstown has built anew court house,
a three story brick store building, an electra
light plant and a few dwellings. [he
whole town, which ranked with New Yor,
ust 100 years ago, could be put into one
‘ong onal district’ of New Your cue
and etill have garden plots. But it has a
heart and a eter to weigh agaiiiay
the whole of Manhattan Island

When Soctety Is Serious,
Ledy Gordon ta Weatern May

‘People who inveigh against the frivniir
of society don't know what they are tik.
ing about; the higher you go in sucial cirelog
the more solemnity do you find

For sheer, unmitigated seriousness net ing
can equal that found in a counts ',
where the party Is composed of peo t
sixteen quarterings, all presumably colleored

for the purpose of mutual amusement. \ot
even the Nonconformist conscience on sup.
day could be more overwhelming!y grav:

     

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

PPL ARAL PPD LDA AL

 

 

; BROOKLYN~EVERYTHING COSTS LESS. HERE. ;

Receivers’ Sale of the N. Y.
Housefurnishings Goods
Co., 93 Reade St.

Refrigerators and General Housefurnishings at a little
advance on the price ordered by the Court.

weer

 

‘The Greatest

79c, steipe messaline Silk, dainty |
COLES sss ecsececesereess 400. yd | 36 inch Belding’s fine Satin, black

75c. quality colored taffeta Silk, white
and colors, dress quality... 490. yd

 

OPPPPPEA,

60c. rough pongee Silks, black end |
COO ss seesesevererneee ARG yd |

Printed pongee Silk, dot and ring pat- | 9g.
terns, extra fine quality..49e. yd |

 

Silk Values.

Lining Satins.

BOG OUI oo ce ccccrvtecss . yd

| 27 inch Skinner's best "BL 60
CBRrries ca conase seseees OLOO yd
24 inch imported Satins...... vd

Black Silk Taffeta,

Theo QUAUEY oo ccececvccccces bv
q V ce cerereeeeerene sy
$1.25 GUGEAY occ cncrcececens yd

 

le!

Spring Dress Goods--A Sa

The styles that will be worn, the quality that pays to employ the best dress:

maker—a splendid array.
$1.50 54 inch all wool a

iN Ad ‘isch eins Sodiacs'tee Ta
$1.00 56 inch plaid and Suit-

HOGG cc cccresesccceens +++ 490, yd
COLORED STORM SERGES.

Suit-

 

 

 

 

grade, at 59¢. No C. O. D. or

mail orders filled.

46 Inch $1.50 Grade Imported
Mohairs, 89c. Yd.

Check

and piripe English Mohairs,
ors.

hoice of
50 inch all wool extra quality, 85c. . —_ Main Floor.
PPP PLLA —_—or
. i Mictean |

Let Your Baby Pump

Full its lungs of pure air out in the sunshine in a Go-Cart.
Special in English Carriages.

  
 
  
   
  
    
  
  

PE
Ty

 

 

 

lo, 55c. voles chilten silk Pongee
every desirable color, black
and white

C000 00000 Coeeeee yd
4%. black Swesine Silk, 27 fine
q

Irish Poplins, 29¢. Yard.
Fine mercerized Irish
launder like linen, black and colors.

18c, Hydegrade Galateas, 12%4c.

tenner

Here
Is all

15c. Standish Art Cretonne .... .8¢. vd!
5c. Curtain Muslin ............ 8. yd}
18. Casement Cloth.......... 12!oe. yd}
15c. printed Madras Cloth... ..8¢. yd
98c. Nottingham Lace Curtains 59¢. pr

tm) ivm stripe linen,
et oe

 

Bodies made of wood, painted dark green of
carmine, varnished; upholstered in English
leather cloth; hoods made of same, lined:
reversible and removable; brass joints and
trimmings; English strap gear;
rubber tire wheels; very special at.

Reed hood Go-Carts,
ceroet tired wheels; enameled handets‘0a
ubular pushers; OE ee a

Collapsib an
simplest folding Cart on the market; in
maroon or green enameled finish; special

We edeedasccrsccscseces

14x20 in.
$16.95
upholstered in corduroy;

le Go-Carts, one movement Cart; the

Third Floor. ;

8 Big Bargains in
Wash Goods.

Don’t stop to ask the reason why. Borrow a pair of wings and
fly—but get here by 9 Monday morning if possible.

?

25c. Chiffon Panamas, 19c. Yd.
eaheagenret Panama, black and

weees yd | Fast printed Dimities....... 6}se. yd

Apron Ginghams, standard make, Se. yd
No C. O. D. or mail orders filled.
Fast colors, {iret quality Challis, 4¢. yd

Firsts and seconds, light and dark Rich designs. No C. O. D. or mail
colors. ' orders filled, Main Floor. ;
SOPRA errs

Spring Upholstery Specials Cost Here

We don't believe any other store can match these values.
Suppose you see these and find out.

$3.50 Irish Point Lace Curtains..$1.98 pr
7c. colored cross stripe Curtains.4
98c. ruffle muslin Curtain, Renaissance

~pr

insertion, hemstitch ruffle...... 49. rr
$2.00 tapestry Couch Covers........ 98
$15.00 linen CONE eses sees $10.50

We will make and fit to. ordinary suit of five piece furniture, using best
Drop ‘us postal, man will show samples.