STORM KILLED 40 IN GRORGLE

r INGING THE DEAD IN SOUTH
CLOSE UP TO 300,

Destruction Over a Wide Area in Twa

Days of Tornadocs—Railroads and

. Laumbermen Suffer the Most Severely
—Bome Towns  Almest’ Wiped " Out,

' arpanta, April 25.—-The storm which
rod yesterday in other die hink Vand
Georgia early thie) midrhing ) and
At least 800 were in-
loss is nearly

Pkilled forty persons.
Vjured. The property
11,000 ,000,
Columbus, Chipley, Harris City, Griffio,
ome, Cave Springs and Greenville wére
Hdirectly in the track of the storm and suf-
fered most, but many gther placgs were
‘more or less damaged. :
f Nine persons are reported killed near
“Cedartown, and the number of injured will
an into the scores. Near Cave Springs an
tire settlement was practically de-
plished and not a bouse is left habitable
between that place and Hantatie, a dis-
tance of five miles, ©
The path of the storm was half a mile
wide. At Griffin three persons were killed
‘land seven hurt seriously, while hundreds
re bruised by flying missiles, The dam-
was greatest in the western part of the
‘town near the Rustob Milla, All of the
Ndead and injured were operatives of the
Ruston Cotton Mills and the plants were
“badly damaged. The mill operatives are
left penniless.
| Twelve deaths are reported in the vicinity
Sof Columbus and a dozen or, more are eaid
to have been injured. Columbus was the
first place in Georgia the storm hit.

Half of Chipley was entirely destroyed,
Bight are known to be dead and there are
more than fifty injured, some of whom
will die,

At Cave Spring the storm was eapecially
Jeevere, nine persons being killed there,
POf the twenty or more injured at Cave
/ Spring five will die.
| Dr. Henry H. Battey of Rome had just
sperformed an operation on a young woman
Sof Cave Spring at the home of T. Edge,
and he and Lafayette Sutherlin left in a
| buggy before the storm, but so far nothing
Shad been heard from either up to 9 o'clock
‘this morning. It is feared both were killed.
| New Orveans, April 26.—The heavy wind
Setorm accompanied by many tornadoes
ewhich passed through Texas, Louisiana,
) Mississippi and Alabama yesterday killed
Phetween 200 and 250 persons, injured 600
Band caused a property loss of several mil-
ion dollars.

' The storm destroyed so many telephone
and telegraph wires that no adequate idea

Pof the destruction can be obtained until

to-morrow. In the line of the tornadoes
almost every building was destroyed.

Amite City, on the Illinois Central about
100 miles from New Orleans, And ‘the seat
‘of justice of Tangipahoa parish, La, was
‘the worst victim. ‘Seventeen bodies have

Pglready been recovered from the ruins.

» The number of dead in and around Amite

is estimated at fifty; the wounded at’ 100.
The entire business section of the town was
destroyed.

A special train was sent to Hammond
© for doctors and some of the wounded were
P brought by special train to the Charity
' Hospital at New Orleans, Among the dead
| is Father Felix Reunp?, pastor of the Catho-
‘Me Church. Among the larger buildings
destroyed are the post office, opera house
/and the Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist
Sand Episcopal churches. The Catholic
‘Church was badly damaged. The militia
» was ordered out to protect property in the
\ ruined district and citizens are prohibited
> from going out after dark, ->

Four hundred howees «were mverenee
|in Purvis, the seat of Lamar county, Mis-
sissippi, on the New Orleans atid North-
S eastern Railroad. Only ten buildings, in-
‘cluding the new court house, were left
‘standing. Fourteen whites and twenty-
“five negroes were killed in the town and

teen whites and twenty negroes were

ledin the neighboring county, One hun-
dred and fifty were injured, among them
‘the Rev. M. M. Black, the Rev. Abner
| Uneker and the Rev. Benjamin Carroll,
Pall of whom are seriously hurt. ‘ -

Among the buildings destfoyed were the
ce school, Baptist and Methodist churches
and two hotels. All, the tuinber | mills in
S the neighborhood and” a” great deal of
“yaluable timber were blown down. Relief
) trains were sent to Purvis from Lumberton

> and Hattiesburg.

In McCallum, Miss., twelve persons were,
» killed and the saw mill, which is the prin-
re dustry of the town, was destroyed,

o more bodies were found in Cancordia

sh, bringing the total fumber of lives

there up to sevyepty-one. Most of

) these were negroes livi on"plaftations in
© cabins that were blown down.

Among the victimns of the gtorm at other
) Places are: C

> Carters, ., & killed, 24 injured; Pine
’ Ridge, Mies., 6 killed, 6 injured; Angie, La.,
“2 killed, 10 injured; Richmond, La., 8 killed,

20 injured; Adams county, Miss., 25 killed,
40 injured; Church Hill; Miss., 35 killed, 50

» injured; Hattiesburg, Miss., 6 killed; Win-
> gate, Miss., 7 killed;\Port Gibson, Misa., 1
» killed; Lorman, Miss.,~1 killed, 2 Injured;
Winchester, Miss., 2 killed; McLain, Miss. ,
2 killed, 7 injured; BaxterVille, Miss., 6
| kilfed; Wahalak, Miss., § killed, 1 injured;
“Bergen, Ala., 5 killed; Warrior, Ala., 3

© killed; Albertville, Ala,, 5 killed; Thornas,
S Ala., 2 killed; Lucerna, La.¢1 killed, 6 in-
v * St. Genevieve, La., & injured; Caddo,
., 2 killed; Lamourie Bridge, La., 5 killed,

6 oe
k ny of the injured are wounded {n-
 ternally and will die.” |
' The heaviest losse¢ were to the railroads,
' some of which had their cars blown away
» as well as their tracks, and to the lumber-
men, who had not only their lumber felled
- but a + sone, ne badly z
, }. ere is ar injury. te
telegraph and telephone sik d very
heavy loss to the crops. ae

oF

; A Hustied Delegate th Georgia.
Dawson, Ga.; Aprit 26.~The Republicans
of the Second Congress district met
_ eonvention here to-day and selected H. F.

Brimberry,.-wpite, of Albany and D, J.
Davis, colored, of Daweon, as district a
to --

ed “national convention.
| delegates were nob instructed, - Devise ans

» nounced that he favore Gov. Hughes of
_ New York. The conwrentontndorsed -
+ag to Brownsville, On that

_ yelt, ex
Foraker's ‘course ‘was doni-

» matter sees
» mended.

_Anti-MoCarreh . Man Loses 88,500 Job.
Surrogate Kétcham of Brooklyn yester-

ey roma ed Jariee E. Bannin from his
$3,500 a valle Pate ne probate cterk andl xp-
ted J. Victor: ain, a som: of former
blyman John Cain, to succeed him,

n is i Peptoneet of Thomas R. Far-

, one of the seven saeepiy district
-Jeaders-who joined-in the re-
to the

a
oa

i! comovel regarded as & 00!
> latter.

‘to Star Next Gesson.
‘Arliss, leading man with Mre,
several, seasons, ig.to head his

y next season
he > aD

~~

="
ry

wa

in a three act.
ted front

and "1
Siagesramaiel

wigmattee tio: She esa

METZ RELISHES “A OPER.
Fiods It Unpleasant to Be (npopular
—Ital} Soars on Gulzer’s Wiags.
Comptroller Mets confessed to a sense
of agreeable surprise at the cordiality of
the reception he received at the New York
Froit Exchange dinner in the Hotel Astor
last night, It was just after they had

red for Gov, Hughes that Mr. Mets
walked into'the dt got a three times
three with a tiger throw in and no allusions’
intended.

*I tell, you it’s not. pleasant walking
around and feeling yourself unpopular
wherever you go,” sald Mr. Metz, “And
it isn't hard either to get yourself in bad
in this town, J kn@wJ am not particularly
liked, bat there's ‘also something else |
know, too: a d fish can swim down-
stream easy enough, but it takes a live one
toswim up.” cis
» The rest of his speech was much the
es me * g tees he Gelivered at the rae

lu ner & couple 0,
related the need for, less Yblio knocking

cooperation.

Congresaman Sulzer, according to his
advance sheets, paid an eloquent tribute
to the Italian, and advocated the passage
of his bill. to make Columbus Day & log!
holiday, “It is unnecessary for me,” he
said, “to eulogize the intrepid sons of sunny
Italy; the Italian needs no eulogy. Call the
roll of the earth's illustrious dead, and
listen to the answer of the immortal Italians
who have stamped the impress of their in-
delible names on the illumined pages of the
world's history.”

Other speakers included Dr. Darlington,
Commissioner of Health, who told of the
supervision that hie department was exer-
cising over the fruit trade; Viotor L, Zorn,
president of the New York Fruit Exchange,
and James ©. Harvey, editor of the Fruit
man's Guide. There were about 800 diners.
Among those present were Dr, Walter
Bonesk Mme Vella. Calsoletti-Soala, A.
Fransioni, a member of the Italian Parlla-
ment; G. Locicero, A. Zuooa and V. Por-
casi, W. A, Camp was toastmaster, After
dinner there was a dance.

TAKEN FOR BURGLAR AND SHOT.

Series of Errors ‘That It Took Two Wives
to Straighten Out.

Joseph P, Maher, a detective of the East

Fifty-first street station, off duty, mistook
,Henry Weloh, who lives next door to him
at 1289 Avenue A, for a.burgiar last night
and shot him in the sight breast. Maher
was eating supper when Welch's wife called
across the airshaft to Maher's wife that
theré were burglars in the apartment of Mrs.
Bernard Prucho, on the top floor of 1230.
Maher grabbed a poker and started for the
apartment by way.of the roof.

Mrs. *, Welch hed her husband
up the stairs of 1239, and he got there in time
to see Maher come into the kitchen window
from the fire esenpe. Each took the other
for the burglar. Welch started for Maher
and gota stinging blow on;the head with

the poker. Then he ran downstairs.

“Stop! I'm an officer!” shouted Maher
who followed him,

Walch paid no attention.

"If you don’t stop I'll shont,” Maher

cried.

Welch scrambled down the stairs the
faster When he was on the ground floor
Maher fired. The bullet mere 7 arenes

; the skin on Welch's breast. Maher took
him to the police station and charged him
with burglary. In the meantime the wives
had got together and started for the station
house and Welch was soon released. ’

It was found that wwe pols watches and
$50 had been taken from the flat.

ROOSEVELT FOR A THIRD TERM.

The Suggestion Wildly Cheered at a Dinner
of the League of Republican Clabs.

WASHINGTON, Apili 25.-In a speech
to-night before the dinner of the League
of Republican Clubs of the States, rep-
resented by organizations in the District
of Columbia, John A. Stewart of New York
demanded that the Republicans get together
for viotory by renominating velt,
He said this wag a good year to make.a

recedent for the “third térm,” ard he
Believed it would be done, It was not proper
to presume too much on-the weakness of

Mr. Bryan.
The suggestion of Roosevelt for a third

was received with wild Ceeing.

of the other candidates, especially
Knox, received applause, but the sentiment
of the diners apparently was unmistakably
for Roogevelt. ,

‘There were many Federal employees
at the meeting; probably a majority of
them were in the Government service.

i” ,

C. F. KING OWES $300,000

As Against $14,000 of Disooverabl e Assets
—400 Crediters.

Boston, April 25.—The schedules dis-
closing the liabilities and assets of Cardenio
F. King, the missing financial agent, were
filed this morning at the United States
District Court by Charles A.. McDonough,
attorney for the petitioning creditors,

The schenules ‘are correct only so far
as the creditors have been able to discover
and represent King as haying ‘liabilities of
$207,881.85 with nominal assete of $138,668.78.
The address of King is set down as\*un-
known "

All of this liability is set down as unse-
cured and is distibuted among about 400
creditors, the list of unsecured claims bein
the longest ever recorded in the local Uni
States Court, Nearly all ofthe tors are
investors in enterprises advocated by King,
and they hail from all part#of the country

THE SHONTSES SAIL.

Heard Nothing New From Paris but Ex-
pect to Hear by Wireless.

Theodore P. Shonts, Mrs. Shonts and the
Misses Shonta were passengers on the
American Line steamship St. Louis, sailing
yesterday for Southampton

Mr. Shonte said that he had received no
further information of the death of his son-
in-law, the Duke de Chaulnes, though he
expected more by wireless when the ship
got to sea,

New General Solicitor for Union Pacific,
Omana, Neb,, April 25.—Vice-President
Mohier of the Union Pasific announced to-
day that N. H. Loomis had been appointed
general solicitor of the Upidn Pacific system,
with uarters in Omaha.

succeeds John N.
took... Bi. ope

partmen
twenty-five and for several -years has
pene General solicitor ‘of the Union Pacific
n Kansas,

~ West Virginia's Attorney-General Dead,
‘Wure.ino, W. Va, April 25.—Attorney-
General Clark May of Weat Viriginia ‘died
to-day at his home at Hamlen. Several:
weeks ago whilé at Washifgton he ed
i gnrle and 6. fen dayengo whe oo v~
in horse reas . wing him out
‘bf the bugey fe is leg. oat:
poisoning set in an
. He was on of the bes

was amputated.
knowa politicians in West Vir-
ginia. ‘

First Delegates Chosen tn Arkansas Aro
for Taft.

‘ ite. Sprinos, Ark., April .%5.—The

Thidd | Congress district Republivan con-

vention held here to-day selected dele-

ates to Republican ‘national conven~

intructed to cast their votes for Taft

or, President as long. as his name should

before, the convention. .They are

the firet delegates to the national conveh-
tion thus far

in this State. —
. New Clergy Mouse for st. Jaha’s Charen...
the three story and basement dwelling

See ee ates
one f Ramen Catbolic Church
SP aE youn the First

.
oe

To ae ia

a

<a meh

’ had stayed in Europe or upon return-
Kehoe ted ot entered so many ide
so many fresh ~
for the Presenoy would beve

Ta a

+»

Anniversary Specials

40-INCH PERSIAN LAWN, suitable for: children’s dresses, ©
ladies’ waists, &c. Regular value 19c., special price, per yd.

assortment of handsome plaids,

Regular value 25c,, special price,.....seeeseseeeees rrr

ENGLISH VOILES, in a |

for Monday & Tuesday
lic
12/4

WHITB LAWN AND IMPORTED SWISS, with embroidered

dots and figures, also Englis

h mercerized
varieties of pretty designs. Value.25c. and 35c., special, ,

38-INCH MIXED NOVELTY SUITINGS,in dark and light colors,
stripes, checks and overplaids, Value 39c. and 49c., special

madras in lar

19¢
* 25¢

CHIFPON PONGEES, full 27 inches wide, in a complete line

of street and evening shades, also white and black.
Regular value 30c., spepial price

BLACK TAFFETA, warranted for wear, 27 inches wide, extra
heavy quality. Regular value 75c., special price......

FRENCH MESSALINE, very rich and lustrous, in all shades,
also black, white and cream. Value $1.00, special per yd.

29¢
59¢
75¢

West 125th St, 7th and 8th Aves.

BIRTHDAY DINNER FOR DEPEW

MONTAUK CLUB HEARS HOW
HAPPY IS THE VEGETARIAN,

Something Also About Senators Who Are
; Efficient Though Full of Years—Direct
Nominations the Rich Man's Way to
Office—La Follette’s 97 Monopolists.

Senator Depew's birthday has come
around again with the regular dinner in
his honor at the Montauk Club in Brooklyn.
He's 74 now, but, take his word for it, he
is as young as he ever was—at least in
spirit.

It was a good old fashioned Montauk
Depew dinner last night, the kind the club
used to give when the Senator was a large
part of the show in Republican politics.
Be was toasted and sung and praised until
he actually blushed. And in return
“Chauncey” gave the diners one of his old
time speeches.

He was proud, mighty proud, a few days
ago when Senator La Follette pointed
him out on the floor of the Senate as one
of the ninety-seven men who own all
the railroads of the country. He pictured
for the dinem his trip home that day in
“his” train and on “his” road, how he
crossed on “his” ferryboat and finally
arrived at his New York home to find a
notice from a Brooklyn bank that his note
for a few thousand dollars couldn't be
extended,

Speaking seriously, Senator Depew had
a bone to pick with those who favored the
referendum and direct nominations. He
had made inquiries among members of
Congress from States where the referendum
was in force and had found that the laws
bg grey dao more than one-quarter
of the voters in a State—a clear case of
minority legislation,

Things were worse when it came to direct
nominations, Senator Depew was con-
fident after investigating the subject that
under the direct nominatioris law only rich
men may aspire to office, A United States
Senator had told him that it cost him two
years salary to get up the nominating peti-
tion’ of & per cent, of the voters necessary
where there was no contest. Another Sen-
ator had to spend $12,000 in a single city
to get up his petition, and Senator Depew
said that the direot nominations campaign
for the whole State cost this man $200,000.

About a hundred and fifty club members
and friends of the Senator were at the
dinner. Among the gueste were Edward
B. Jordan, Collector of Internal Revenue;
J. Ross Appleton, Civil Service Commis-
sioner; ex-Comptroller Grout, Congress-
man Calder and Desmond Dunne, Com-
missioner of Put#lc Works of Brooklyn.
William H. English, the newly elected
president of the club, was toastmaater.

Timothy L. Woodruff, the retiring presi-
dent of the club, had ten guests at one
table, among them being Nava! Officer |
Kracke, Sheriff Hobley, D. H. Ralston,
Public Administrator Teale and Under
Sheriff L. M. Swasey.

Senator Depew marched into the dining |
hall to the tune of “Auld Lang Syne,” which
was punctuated with cries of “Chauncey,
Chauncey, Chauncey!" The Senator him-
self said he was glad something happened
to the electric lights and it was dark when
i diners sang a song which started like
Chaunor, ‘tarried Montatk in days of auld lang

syne. ‘
To breay the marriage contract, oh, they never ye
did pine.
But both are Just as happy as on their mariage
day, =
And have their anniversaries with spirits light and
way.
Then Montauk dons her gown d¢cotiet4é, with
flowers gay,
And this you'll hear her say:
CHORUS.
Chauncey, dear, listen here,
"Tis the glad night of all the year
Other nights are gay and bright,
But your birthday Is our dear.
So we gather here with the dance In our feet;
Stng like a lark or two:
There's no night so bright
That it wouldn't be brighter with you.

The Senator had a good dea! to say about
efficiency and old age. For instance:

In Shakespeare's time men were played
eut and senile at 50 because of their methods
of living. Water was regarded ag neces-
sary only for navigation and irrigation and
the pleasures of life were summed up in the
ability to consume unlimited quantities of
beef, beer and wine, Sanitation did not
exist. People between 40 and 60 had worn
out stomachs, palsied muscles and sbat-
tered nerves. The Senate illustrates the
preservation of vigor by the habits of to-
day. Alabama's two great Senators, one
at 86 and the other at 84, Morgan and Pettus,
who died last session, were to the end famous
for physical and inteliectual energy.

There are three Senators of 80 who are
heads of great committees and surpass all
the youngsters in the amount and value
ofthe work whichtheydo, They have passed
the epectacwar period. They do not belfere'
that all of legislationis criticism and denun-'
ciation which by their sensationalism give
the orator standing room next to editorial
matter in the press and large audiences from
the ‘platform, but they give their unequalled
experience, their maturity of years and their
ripe jadgment to constructive policies, which
will. permanently promote the best interests
of the people and the stability of the Gov-
ernment. .

I notice when the newspapers s
people’ giving up beef because of the

of
ing

‘price there is universal ridicule, I date my

freedom from almost chronic rheumatism
to the day when [ stopped eating beef; and
sleep, digestion and clarified visfon, .stob
as I had never known before, have kept in-
creasing 1 dismissed flesh and fowl for
vegetables. With nine-tenths of the world
the greatest happiness in life is the table
piled with the things one loves to eat and
drink and the pleasures of a gorge. But
for that, from my experience, the hospital
andithe graveyard would be largely out of
business. wre
‘Of a new fashion in public
Senator said: " . one
Without invading the political field, English’
speaking peoples. everywhere are greetiy
interested in the most frequent and volumi-
nous speaker of our timo, Mr, Bryan, The
old rule of political success was silence,
oau and to look wiser than any -man-
ever ; but McKinley, Roosevelts Taft
and Bryan have set a new fashion. It is
the general opinion’of politicians that if Mr.

"
been

SO

better, In discussing his early’ training
with a college classmate of his I think I dis-
covered the secret and a demonstration of
my proposition that no man escapes from
his environment and alma mater stamps
hish forever.
‘ Thie clasarhate said in their college days
many Western colleges had interoojlegiate
debates, an: then the best debaters would be
selected for still further debates, and Mr.
Bryén became easily the most formidable
of these young contestants, Assigned by
the committees first to one side and then to
the other, he was famous for winning prizes.
Here you see was the growth of a resistiess
propensity to exploit and to defend with
ability and courage new propositions every
day.
‘ + a
I am constantly in receipt Of letters rro-
testing against unlimited debate in the Se n
ate. Happily tha't body has so few members
that this method is possible without detriment
to the publié service. e
While at Athens some years ago I under-
stood for the first time how Demosthenes
and those old Grecian orators captured the
election at a time when the people themselves
were the representative assembly. The
orator stood upon a’ platform, behind him
a high rock which acted as a sounding board,
and in front the broad plateau upon which
the voters stood, The population of Athens
was 80 small that every voter could easily
come within the sound of the orator’s voice.
The atmosphere is so.clear there and has
such remarkable carrying power that the
orator had no diffoulty in’ being heard.
tested it myself by sending my clear tenor
voice over the space at some workmen who
were mending the road beyond the plateau.
I shouted out to them Paul's address on
Mars Hill—"Ye men of Athens, | perceive
that in all things ye are too superstitious,”
1 do not know what they understood, but
with their picks and shovels they started
for me and I beat a hasty retreat

Senator Depew concluded:

I recently read a cable account of one of
those brilliant and illuminating speeches for
which Lord Rosebery is famous. The funda-
mental ground of his fear was that in a few
years England might have but one governing
body, the House of Commons, and that it
would yield to the passion of the hour and
that passion would be socialistic. We have
not the shadow of that fear. The Federal
Government with its three independent
branches, our written Constitution, with
the Supreme Court holding the other two
branches and the States to its letter and
its spirit, and the universal satisfaction that
exists because of these conditions give to
our institutions a stability in which there is
not a craok or 4 seam. .

BOUNCES RUBBER STAMP MEN,

Comptroller Says Contractors’ Bills Are
Not Properly Audited. -

Comptroller Metz is reorganizing the
auditing and-inspection bureaus of his de-
partment and yesterday he demanded the
resignations of one auditor and two in-
spectors. The Comptroller would not make
known the names of the men.
. “They have done nothing criminal,” he
explained, “they have merely become moss-
grown nd antiquated, They are what I
might call ‘rubber stamp’ men. When a
contract has been completed it has for
years been the system of this office to take
the word of the contractor-that he had
done his work and that the charges he has
made are fait and his bill is passed without
more ado. It is a pernicious system and
one that results in the loss of a large amount
of money to the city every year. The only
auditing and inspecting that is done by
many of the men in the two bureaus is to
put the O K marks on the bills and so

at they shall not be overworked by writ-
ing out the letters in ink some of them
have qrermeee themselves with stamps.
It is these rubber stamp men I intend ‘to
clear out of the department.”

Mr. Metz has only begun the work of
reorganizing his department, Some days
ago he took at haphazard a-few bills for
work done in the ugh of Queens and
he found that for supplies and work fur-
nished to the Bureau of Public Buildings
of that borough the prices were from #0
to 900 per cent, higher than the. market
values of such supplies and work. “And
yet,” Mr, Metz said, “the city is paying
scores of audiitors and inspectors to prevent
just such impositions as these and for all
the protection the city gets from these men
it might dispense with a large proportion

of them.

Hitherto bills:for repair work and for
supplies have been paid when per have
been certified to by the heads of the bi-
reaus to which they have been sent. Mr.
Metz made the rule yesterday that a o-
cate of every bill sent to the Finance

ent rust be laid before him and that
unless the bills are itemized he will hold up
the warrants for their payment. he

BISHOP M'DONNELL, PILGRIM.

He Witt Head Large Party to Start for
Rome This Week.

Bishop McDonnell jof Brooklyn is to head
a pilgrimage of fifty-four clergymen of
the Gatholio Church and a hundred or 80
of the laity which will start for Rome on
Thursday. The Bishop will take $10,000 in
Peter's pence to Pope Pius X.

The figrims will go on the Cunarder
Slavonia. They will go ashore at Gibraltar
and will stay two days in-Naples. There
they will meet an American, the Rev. Boni-'
face Krug, who is the head of the Bene-
dictines. The Bebop will escort the pil-
ome before the Pope. re pay will

reak up in Rome and take various routes
over the Continent.

Among the clergymen in the Py will
be the Right Rev. P. F. Connolly o Phillipe-
burg, the Right Rev. John Barrett, the Rev,
John Corcoran of New Haven, the Rev.
eg Kiely of, 6. the Rev. M. J.
he of Moorland, fa., the Rey. Dr, James

,L. 1; the Rev. b
J. Zimmer of Raritan and the Rev. Thomas
F. McGronen\ chaplain of the Fire Depart-
ment. J Bermel, president of Queens
Borough, and Mrs. Bermel will go. Some
of the other lay pil 6 will be Dr. E. J.
McOgcar of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Mrs. J. H.
Sherwood, Miss Ellen Reilly of Atlantio
City and Yin See prnlen. of Bros =

op MeDonnell yes' y signa
the sixteenth annive of his consecra-
tion by a solemn high mass at St. James's
thedral. He also ordained nine

urch

Ca’
ts, greduates of St. John’s Sem! ole
at the C

of St. John’ the Baptist in
Lewis avenue, - -

P.R. B. to Increase Fares to Jersey Resorts,
PumLapeuruta, ‘April 25.—The Pennsy)-

vania ‘Raifroad announces an increase

rates-on ‘the West. Jersey. and: Sea ‘Sharb’

Railroad, to take effeat Junsi. The

covers the entire Jérsey and all

‘resorts. ° here to Atlan-

‘ re
sa ”

in the
‘and

ne

ia, " ;
iH ms ore * Ass ig

germane aap EE

a o

Shoes for Children

No Detail in the Outfitting of Children is really

s0

important, as Shoes.

Ill-fitting clothes do not look well, and should

be

injury.

avoided; but their wear entails no lasting
Ill-fitting Shoes may spoil thefeet |

for life.
Special and Exclusive Lasts

Combined with an unequalled variety of shapes
and sizes make it easy for us to fit the most
difficult feet with handsome, stylish Shoes;

While the Rejection of all but the best material
put together in the best manner, and-sold at"
a moderate profit,

Ensures Economy where inferior goods, atany
price, are a needless extravagance,

60-62 West 23d Street

JERSEY DINNER TO M'ADOO

REAL ESTATE MEN COME TO NEW
YORK TO PRAISE THE TUNNEL.

Gov. Fort Sounds the Praises of His State
as the Best Ran in the Union—Ex-At-
torney-General Griggs Defends Rall-
roads From Stock Watering Charge.

. It's queer the way these New Jersey peo-
ple come over to New York whenever they
want to do things, but they do come over
even when they just want to tell how great
New Jersey is, as a few hundred of them
did last evening when they took possession
of a long, tiled floor room, uncarpeted,
in the Park Avenue Hotel to celebrate the
completion of the McAdoo tunnels, or one
of them.

The dinner was under the direction of the
New Jersey-New York Real‘ Estate Ex-
change and given in honor of the Hudson
River Tunnel builders, as the tickets said,
but when the time came for expression of
the only real purpose of public dinners,
namely the speechmaking, there was one
general cue and that was Kurroo for McAdoo,
The dinner committee had even set its poet
and song whiterto work, and addressing
himself to “Honey Boy,” this is what he
perpetrated:

McAdoo, We like to see you scheming,

McAdoo, we know you are not dreaming

When you are boring, boring through the earth—

McAdoo—Jacobs, too—
And If ever you should take @ notion
To bulld tunnels underneath the ocean,

Europe's near, never fear;
We'll be waiting, waiting, walting for you, McAdoo.

Otto Kempner, once a political light in
New York, presided ag toastmaster, “A
mighty tidal stream like the Hudson,” he
said, “has never before been tunneled.
Every prospect—and after the pause the
diners expected him to say, “pleases and
only man {s vile,” but he didn't; he only
said—“was forbidding, but we are here to
celebrate the tunnel builders’ signal and
triumphant success, They have decked with
new laurel the American promoter and the

apie.

ov. Fort of New sereey was received
with great shouts of app pation when he
arose to speak. “When I want to make ap-
pointments to the boards of taxation here-
after I'll know where to go,” he said, look-
ing over the room, “I not know paore
that so near the entire povennee of New
Jersey was engaged in the real estate busi-

nees.
“No enterprise was ever undertaken in
the piletory of this country that meant so
muoh to New Jersey oa that hole under the
Hudson River—to New Jersey, the gem of
the Union. (Wild hurrahs.| If I oan help
it it aha'n't cost the builders anything at the
t.
people come to us to' buy their
you)? For the natural
ew Jersey. Talk about
the Berkshires! A drive about the upper
part of cane county will show you that
there's nothing in Berkshires com-
parable to this
we have 1,900 miles of good
now there is $100,000 from the automobiles
additiona! this year to keep these fine State
alded roads good . condition. You
come here to New York to make your
money and take it over to Jersey to spend
it. New Jersey is the only State in the
Union that has no State tax. We are the
most economically managed State in the
Union, financially, And «we have good
water, an. exhaustiess mupehy. And with
all respect for our New op brothers
they're not going to got any of if so long as
we want any of it.
_» Former Attorney-General Griggs, enpak-
ing\of the unearned inorement and the pro-
limitation of rates of interest paid
aan 'sPrdie bad las adopted cher
t 6 0. ere
Soles would ve en and
that if it be adopted there'll never be any
more, He told of John I. Blair putting
railroads through the West when land there
could be bought for a song, which afterward
was worth fortunec,and asked who earned
they and by? aid h iI find peop!
. " e, “you’ peop le
thinking own this tunnel and demand-
ing that this grafting corporation, be-
cause it's paying—if it is successful as it
ought to be, and as I hope it will be—more
than 6 per cent. interest on its capital stock
shall have the water squeezed out of it, and
they'll ask for boards to assess ite value
and\they will imagine that they planned
the enterprise and put it frough. hough
roject, was launched bac the
only been completed in 1908. You
men want le to come to Jersey now
and buy what for? To have some-
body come along years later and take 'em
owey enter ~ plea of squeezing the water

out o!
“In Jersey you ogn put your shirts to
(grase—you Won't have to

and

leach upon the
e them to the roofs,

. After Mayor MoBride of Paterson had
sald that Paterson had less crime than any
city ingitew Jersey, Mr. McAdeo paid a
tribute to the man who had first conceived
the. idea of the Hudson River tunnels,
De Witt C. Hi a'miner, who ear!
‘706 set tion at werk
planned ‘ which was

put under

brought to oom-
eres

Han Ta aaa teal c Y ae Bo

Next Season will be
A “Sealskin Season”

Long garments of Alaska Seal will be the first-choice
in furs for the winter of 1908,

The supply of seal is limited, but our large holdings
of sealskin enable us to make up these coats at
ptices which are very moderate for garments of
such high intrinsic value and great durability,

A still further advantage can be. obtained by
ordering now when the cost of fur work is lower
than at any other time in the year.

We are showing new models and taking orders for
seal coats to be delivered in the fall, All furs
ordered now are stored free of charge until needed.

Our Storage plant—the largest in the world for the
exclusive storage of furs and textiles—uses no
preservative but pure, cold, dry air. Call 3761-—38th.

‘

WEST 34TH STREET, near Fifth Ave., N. Y.

The Latest Models in Women’s '

Ties, Pumps and Slippers

Our New “Garden” Tie in Tans and All Leathers Is

the Most Striking and Attractive Low
Shoe on the Market.

And the new On
Three Eyelet Ties wit

Two and
Bows of

Broad Ribbon are exceedingly riclf

and fascinating.
Our exhibition presents

the

grandest stock of Spring Footwear

in

all the latest styles, leathers,

colors and in the most beautiful and
shapely forms and finest materials

and workmanship. Prices:

$3.50, $5.00 = $7.00

Imported Hosiery in Silk, Lisle Thread and ‘Cotton to’match or

contrast with all shoe and costume colors.

GATALOGUE MAILED ON APPLICATION,

ALFRED J. CAMMEYER, $h Aves Cor. 200 St

CAR KILLS LITTLE GIRL.
TT
Invalid Father, Sitting by His Window,
Saw It Strike Her.

Marion Hautell, 8 years old, whose father
is foréman in a butcher shop at 2668 Rigbii:
avenue and lives across the sireet at 2663,
was sent to the shop late yesterday after-
Se eee ee tee fler father,

be wee il] but zap pole to att af the treat
; A . On h
¢ child was struck by a
=e veh apt dena, Mr

‘was nearly »
O'Connell, was arrested.

street,
y.

_

SS — Le

of the father’s sight, and killed,
severed.

Her hea!
, John

A New Line on the Hadson.
The New York and Albany Transporatic:
Company, recently incorporated to car'ry ©")
a vassenger and freight service on the Hud

on May ‘

son River, will ‘begin business
The boats leave Prot North River, foot o/
Goold Docks,

The stea.n-

ware being put

hai
a

‘