‘
4
weGier ws  - yo baee

The nda Su

SUNDAY, APRIL 26, 1908,
—————oo

Entered at tue Pod Odice at New York as Second
NPAE 24° Cie MOL Matter. ;

Ss

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
DAILY, Per Month. ....+.006 eorecopeccncrers $0 60

DAILY, Per VOar...ccsccscrsscceveceseccsece 600
SUNDAY, Por Year. ....ccccscssseeveeeseeeee 2 00
DALLY AND SUNDAY, Per Year,........... #00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Monatlt,,........ 70

Postage to foreign countries added,

ene (ee

Publighed by the Sun Printipg and Pubilshing
Association at 170 Nassau street, In the Borough of
Mignipttan, New York, President and Treasurer
of the Association, William M. Paffan, 170 Nassau
street; Secretary of the Association, Franklin
Bartlett, 5 Nassau street,

—

The daily and Sunday Sun ts on sale in London
at Murray's Exchange, Trafalgar Dulldings, North-
umberland avenue, Patt Wal American and Co-
jonial Eachange, Carlton street, Regent strect, and
Lgw's Steameldp Agaicy, 47 Green street, Leicester
Square, .

Paris office, 32 Rue Loulsle Grand. The dally and
Sunday editions areon sale at Kiosque 12, near the
Grand Hote; Kiosque 17, Boulevard des Capucines,
corner Place de | Opéra, and Klosque 19, Boulevard
des Italiens, cormer Rue Louls le Grand.

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pudlicaiion wish to have rejected articles returned Hey
mpyt pe cases send stanips for that purpose.

 

 

 

 

JOHN NUGHES, AMERICAN,

119 ¢ at coneccmaes d
Dear Str: Unable to attend the meeting

at Union Square in consequence of indis-
position, | beg leave to.state my sentiments
on the subject of your coming together,
in the following words:

Ministers of religion and mipisters of
peace, acoording W thé ifistructions of their
Divine Master, have not ceased to hope
and pray that peacé.and Union might be
preserved in this great and free country.
At present, however, that question has
been taken out of the hands of the peace-
makers, and it is referred to the arbitra-
mépt of a sanguinary contest. I ain pot
authorized to speak in the name of any of
my fellow citizens. I think so far as 1
can judge there is the right principle
among all those whom I know, It is now
fifty years since, a foreigner by birth, |
took the oath of allegiance to this country
under its title of the United States of Amer-
ica. As regards consdienge, patriotism or
judgment, | hhve no misgiving Still de-
siroug of peace, when the Providence of
God shall have brought it, I may say that
since the period of my naturalization I
have none but Me country. In referenoe
to my duties as a citizen no change has
come over iny mind since then. The
GOvernment of the United States waa then,
as it is now, symbolized™by a national flag,
popularly cailed “The Stars and Stripes.”
This has been my flag and shall be to the
end. I trust it is still destined to display
iivthe gales that sweep every ocean and
antid the gentle breezes of many a distant
shore, «8 4+-have seen it in foreign lands,
ite own peculiar waving lines of beauty.

May it live and continue to display these
game waving lines of beauty, whether at
home or abroad, for a, thousand years and
afterward as Tong as Heaven permits,
without limit of duration,

JouN Huaues,
Archbishop of New York.
» New-York, April 20, 1861,

* pecempenaencnem

 

The Centenary of the Catholic Diocese
—_ of Jew York,

In the history of religion there has
been no,such exainple of growth as that
which has beer? exhibited in the Catholic
diocese of New York, whose first Bishop,
RicHARD LUKE CONCANEN, Was conse-
crated in Rome April 24, 1808, an event
which is to be appropriately commemo-
tated Ao-day.' Let. us review as briefly
as possible the remarkable record of this
diocese.

, lt Js, well, known that before our Revo-
Tutionary War there’ were next to no
Catholics in New York. Early in the
eighteenth century penal legislation was
enacted against them. Every Catholic
ptie&t ‘was coridemned to perpetual ban-
ishment, and to harbor one was to incur
a fine of £250 and to stand in the pillory
for three days. By another law Papists
and: Ropish reougants were prohibited
from voting for members of the Assem-
bly or any other office whatever. In
1756 Bishop CHALLOMER, the Vicar Apos-
tolic of London, reported to the Propa-
ganda with reference to New York that
“if there bé any straggling Catholics they
can have no exercise of their religion, as
no priest ever comes near them.” A
marked change in public opinion, how-
ever, was brought about by the loyalty
of American Cathoijcs to their fellow
colonists in the struggle for independ-
ence, and by the fact that l'rance and
Spain, our allies against England, were
Catholic Powers. Eventually the lawa
against the Catholics were abolished in
the State of New York, and in 1786 a
Catholic Church edifice was dedicated in
the city of that name. By the first
decade of the nineteenth century the
number of Catholics in the United States
had increased so considerably that in
1808 JOHN CARROLL, Bishop (afterward
Archbishop) of Baltimore, secured from
Pepe-Pius VII, bulls subdividing that
see and erecting: the sees of New York,
Philadelphia, Boston and Bardstown.
We should here mention that the New
Yotk diocese originally comprised the
Htate. of New York and the eastern part
. of New Jersey. The Bishop-elect of New
York, CONCANEN, who as we have said
‘Was consecrated at Rome 'n April of the
year last named, never occupied his see,
for in 1810 he died in Naples while await-
ing a ship. Four years later Dr. Con-
NOLLY, a subject of Great Britain, with
which the United States was then at
war, ‘was Appointed and ponsecrated
Bishop of New York. ' His arrival a year
or two afterward was followed by the
departure of the few Jesuit fathers and
only four priests remained in the vast
diocese, two of whom weré with the
Bishop in the city, which itself contained
at the time fourteen ep fifteen thousand
Catholics. New ork received its third

 

‘ nid
. ; Qomec nnn

Bishop in the person of Jonn Dusors,
consecrated at Baltimore in 1826, When
he took possession of his see he com-
puted the Catholics of the city at 25,000,
and throughout the djocese at 160,000.
Churches, clergy and schools were lack-
ing for so large a flock. The city itself
had but six priests, and all the rest of
the diocese but four; the one modest
chapel in Brooklyn, built in 1823, was
visited occasionally by priests from New
York. ‘During the tenancy of the see by
Bishop Dusois there was a violent out-
break of anti-Catholic prejudice in New
York, and early in 1836 appeared a vile
attack on Catholic convents by one
Marita Monk, which did for Know-
nothingism what “Uncle Tom's Cabin”
was to do for the Abolition movement.
Age and worry induced Bishop Dusois
to seek the aid of a coadjutor. The Rev.
Joun Huaues was chosen for the post
and his consecration took place in New
York in January, 1837.
There now came upon the scene a great
and strong churchman, who was to leave
the impress of his mind and will on the
Catholic Church not only of New York
city and State but of the whole country.
Within two years he broke, so far
as the city was concerned, thé connec-
tion between the Catholic religion and
the system of secular incorporation of
church property in the names of lay
trustees, a system which had never
realized «he anticipations of Archbishop
CARROLL of Baltimere, whom circum-
stances had compelled to tolerate it. No
sooner had this battle been won than
Bishop Huanes undertook a voyage to
Europe for the purpose of studying edu-
cational methods, At this time (1839)
there were free schools attached to each
of the eight Catholic churches in the city
and more than 5,000 children attended
them, These Catholic schools of New
York city, however, received no assist-
ance from the school funds, and an agi-
tation for the redress of the injustice
began, which culminated in a general
meeting of Catholics in March, 1840, at
which a memortal to the Legislature was
adopted. On his return from Europe
Bishop Hvanes assumed the headship
of this movement and brought about the
overthrow of the Public School Society,
a private corporation which had ab-
sorbed the city’s school fund and which
had been the principal local opponent of
Catholicism and of Catholic teaching.
In 1840 the Bishop of New York brought
about the foundation of a seminary in
Fordham, and two years later some
thirty students were there engaged in
pursuing the theological course. Mean-
while congregations and churches were
fast increasing throughout the diocese.
In the year last named the diocesan
synod was attended by fifty-four priests.
The burden was becoming too heavy for
Bishop HuGHEs to bear alone, and in the
fifth Provincial Council of Baltimore he
solicited the aid of a coadjutor, and for
the position recommended the Rev.
JoHN McCLoskky, president of St. John's
College at Fordham. The request was
granted by the Holy See and in March,
1844, the appointee was consecrated.
We should here recall that by the firm-
ness and boldness of Bishop HuonEs the
city of New York escaped the anti-
Catholic riots which caused a reign of
terror in Philadelphia.
In 1846 the diocese of New York had
114 churches, 109 priests, a seminary, a
college, and in the city itself there were
over 100,000 Catholics. In the following
year two new dioceses were erected out
of the original one, namely the diocese
of Albany and that of Buffalo, These new
erections reduced the diocese proper in
New York to the counties of New York
State south of the forty-second degree
of latitude and to the eastern part of
New Jersey. Thus reduced it had
eighty-eight priests, a theological semi-
nary with twenty-two students, a Jesuit
college, an Academy of the Ladies of the
| Sacred Heart and eleven institutions,
such as schools and asylums, in the care
of the Sisters of Mercy and Sisters of
Charity; the city itself had seventeen
churches, which were far from being
enough to accommodate the number of
Catholics, —
Up to 1846 the Archbishop of Baltimore
had been the only metropolitan in the
United States; but in that year a second
archiepiscopal see was erected in Ore-
gon, and a year later a third one at St.
Louis, It was not urftil 1851 that Pope
Pius IX. made New York an archdiocese,
with the’ Bishops of Albany, Buffalo,
Hartford and Boston for its suffragans.,
On receiving the notification of his pro-
motion Archbishop-elect HuGHEs went
to Europe to receive the pallium from
the hands of the Sovereign Pontiff, and
there is reason to believe that our Fed-
eral Government, which then had a rep-
resentative at Rome, suggested to the
Vatican his elevation go the cardinalate,
! With such a man as Archbishop HuaHes

at the head pf the archdiocese it is not
surprising that churches and priests
should have been multiplied with amaz-
ing rapidity. In 1858 the dioceses of
Brooklyn and Newark were set off from
that. of New York, leaving to the parent
see only the city of New York and the
counties of Westchester, Putnam, Dutch-
ess, Rockland, Orange, Ulster, Sullivan
and Richmond. Within that district
there were about fifty churches and more
than a hundred priests. The Catholics
of the archdiocese were estimated at
about 280,000, more than half of them
being in the city of New York, Between
the years 1854 and 1861 the Archbishop
held three provincial councils with his
suffragans, the Bishops of Albany, Bos-
ton, Buffalo, Hartford, Brooklyn, New-
ark and Burlington, Vt., at which much
judicious and necessary legislation was
enacted. In 1868 he laid the corner-
stone of St. Patrick's Cathedral, and five
years later undertook the establishment
of another institution, which has grown
to great importance apd influence, the
Protectory of Westchester, a home and
school for destitute children.

If Hvones's adrhinistration of his
diocese had shown him to be a great
churchman the civil war proved him to
be a great patriot. His patriotism was
evinced not only by his urging the Irish

‘litary organizations of New York to
march to the front and by his private cor-
respondence and published writings on
| the war and its causes, but also by his
semi-official 4fiplomatic mission for the

 

ee

  

. i
Fe Ne, atid ined. r

 
   

purpose of securing the neutrality of
Europe during the conflict. “There
arose a danger,” says JOHN GILMARY
Six, the well known Catholic historian,
“of the recognition of the Confederate
States by the Madd eg of Europe,
and after the Trent affair there came the
fear that England might go even fur-
ther. The Washington Government
earnestly desired Archbishop HuGHES to
go to Europe as envoy of the United
States. He absolutely declined to ac-
cept any official position, but expressed
a willingness to use every effort to pre-
vent the prolongation of the war and 4
greater effusion of buman blood. In
Paris he had conferences with the mem-
bers of the Ministry, and in an interview
with the Emperor Napo.eon III. he
urged that sovereign to act, should it be
necessary, as arbitrator between the
United States and England in the diffi-
culty which had arisen. The influence
exercised by the Archbishop in the coun-
cils of France at that juncture is unde-
niable, and was fully recognized at Wash-
ington. One of his fast public acts was
to address his flock in New York in favor
hf the Government at the time of the
draft riot. In Archbishop HuaHes, who
died in January, 1864, American Catho-
lics lost the most remarkable, most vigor-
ous and most patriotic prelate that the
country had known since JOHN CARROLL
of Maryland.

Between the second Plenary Council,
which met at Baltimore in 1866, and the
establishment of the Apostolic Dele-
gation from the Vatican to the Catholic
Church in the United States, Catholicism
underwent an extraordinary expansion,
in which the diocese of New York con-
spicuously shared, At the first named
date there were in the republic but seven
archiepiscopal sees and provinces. In
1895 the number had been doubled. The
multiplication of archbishoprics pre-
supposed or eptailed an increase of
bishropics. As a matter of fact in
1866, at the second Plenary Council, the
Catholic dioceses of the United States
numbered thirty-eight; in 1895 they
were seventy-three, almost twice as
many, The figures bear witness to a
phenomenal progress.

At the close of the second Plenary Coun-
cil in 1866 the great see of New York was
occupied by Archbishop McCLoskey,
who on the death of Archbishop HUGHES
had been transferred from the bishopric
of Albany. Four subsequent events of
importance marked his tenure of the
archiepiscopate; namely, his attendance
on the Vatican Council, where he had
a prominent position on one of the com-
mittees; his promotion to the cardinalate,
when for the first time (April, 1875)
the honor was conferred on an American
citizen; his attendance, although he
arrived at Rome too late to take part
in the election, on the Conclave of 1878
that gave to the Catholic Church Pope
Leo XIIL, apd the dedication in May,
1879, of New York's magnificent cathe-
dral. The notable career of America's
first Cardinal closed on October 10, 1885.
He was succeeded by his coadjutor, the
Right Rev. M. A. CORRIGAN, who had
been transferred from Newark five years
before. Itis well known that Archbishop
CORRIGAN, after attaining eminence in
ecclesiastical authority and honor, died
prematurely on May 5, 1902, in the sixty-
third year of his age, since when Arch-
bishop Faruey has presided over the
archiepiscopate.

Statisticians differ as regards the num-
ber of Catholics in the United States col-
lectively, and in the diocese of New York
in particular. 'The best Catholic author-
ity on the Church's history in American
territory, the late Dr. GILMARY SHEA,
working from the official statistics of
immigration since 1820, calculating as
best he could the percentage of Catholic
immigrants and allowing fdr each decade
a natural increase of one-third over the
total figures with which the decade
starts, arrived at the conclusion that in
1800 the number of Catholics in the
United States was 10,627,000. The per-
certtage of Catholics among subsequent
immigrants and the ratio of natural in-
crease adopted by GILMARY SHEA would
make the figures for 1908 considerably
above 15,000,000, It is a reasonable esti-
mate that about one-tenth of these are
concentrated in the archdiocess of New
York, or at all events in that archdiocese
coupled with the diocese of Brooklyn.
The astonishing multiplication of Cath-
olica in New York city has been paralleled
by their extraordinary advance in respect
of wealth, political distinction, profes-
sional eminence and general education.
We can only appreciate the phenomenal
progress by looking back a hundred
years and recalling the fact that in
1808 wise observers had good reason to
believe that the Catholic Church, driven
out of northern Europe by LUTHER and
Henry VIII. and thrown into terrible

French Revolution, was in its death agony
and had not strength enough left to put
forth a new effort on the western side of
the Atlantic. When the first Bishop of
the New York diocese was consecrated
Catholicism was feebler in the city and
State than any obscure Protestant sect,
and in the opinion of almost all disinter-
ested onlookers it was destined so |. re-
main, As the Rev, JOHN TALBOT SMITH
points out in his history ef “The Catholic
Church in New York,” the twentieth cen-
tury opens upon a very different scene,
“Nowhere in the American Common-
wealth,” he says, “does the Catholic
Church stand so firm and so high as in
the city of New York, which is, indeed,
a candlestick that would make the weak-
est light far reaching.” At is, Dr. Smrru
adds, the greatest religious force in the
metropolis. Social reformers and po-
litieal leaders know well what it stands
for. It stands for religion in indivfdual
human existence, and consequently it
opposes with vigor the advance of indif-
4

aR en a RS ea Naa, NS
—-

ferentism and agnosticism in American
life. It stands for religion in education.
Tt has organized a church school system
the fruits of which, in Dr. Smrrn's judg-
merit, already shame the dry-rotten
product of mere inteliectualism. The
Catholic Church stands also for indis-
soluble marriage. The divorce evil has
not so much as stained the ts of
the Catholic citizens of New York. It
stands, finally, for the existing civil or-

der. Catholicism marshals its son

against the errors that would pice |

2 aan

 

  
 

 
 
 

f

pate

  

n by > ath itil

"tHe s

    

SS

confusion in Latin countries by the |

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

   

   

—T are my
ey 7" c :

m!

._ SUNDAY,

American liberty—such fatal perversi-
ties as socialism and communism, Amer-
ican-etateamon know that the Catholic
Church’ stands for an anti-socialistic
policy and that they will find for times
of trouble a sure rampart in the princi-
ples of American Catholicism,

What a proud position to have at-
tained in a single century! Dr. Tat-
BOT, SMITH, indeed, does. not pretend
that the Catholic Church is all it might
be if its votaries were all doers of the
word and not merely hearers of it. He
is justified, however, in declaring that
the Church in the United States has
shown itself worthy of its home, and that
the diocese of New York is a splendid
representative of American Catholicism.

 

 

Bryan to Iilinols,

What, we wonder, is the real, inside
explanation of this affectionate rap-
prochement of the Hon, WiLLtaM J.
BRYAN of Nebraska and the Hon. RoGER
C, BULLIVAN of Chicago?

Only a very little'while ago, compara-
tively speaking, we had Mr. BRYAN in the
act of demanding Mr, SULLIVAN'S. elim;
ination as a person unworthy to lead a
pire Democracy such as he, BRYAN,
could consistently recognize. Mr. SUL-
LIVAN appeared to be a very wicked man,
whether corrupt himself or anathema
only because he did not play up to Mr.
BrYAn’S leadership did not appear, at
least to us outsiders. At all events
BRYAN perceived his iniquities and would
be content with nothing less than his
immediate and lasting downfall. Mr.
SULLIVAN, inatead of falling, remained
particularly erect, and now we have the
spectacle of these two great men ap-
parently entwined in a fervent embrace.
Mr. BRYAN wants the Illinois delegation
instructed for himself; and Mr. SULLIVAN,
mysteriously fumigated and otherwise
made acceptable to the Peerless, com-
mands the reconstructed situation.

What has been done to SULLIVAN—or
to BRYAN-~in the meanwhile that he who
was once obnoxious should now be ac-
ceptable? The Nebrask:. -'atesinan, ac-
cording to all accounts, |)» as severely
pure as evér, Svuiivan, for all we
know or can see or hear, is as tough as
ever. We cannot be sure that he was
ever an anti-Bryan man, We must
assume therefore that he sinned in meth-
ods and details, and it is obvious that
Bryan has forgiven him. But why?
That is and remains the question,

Nevertheless, if SULLIVAN'S control
over the Illinois convention was 6u-
preme, it seems just a little strang> that
such a mild support was given to the
Nebraska Colonel. Judge OWEN THOMP-
son of Jacksonville arose to introduce a
resolution of especial force, binding the
delegates to support BRYAN first, last and
all the time, and Judge OWEN THOMPSON
was politely but,effectually suppressed.
Where was Supreme (‘ontrol SULLIVAN
at this critical juncture? Things may be
as smooth on the surface as they look,
Maybe not,

Meaywhile there is to be a contest at
Denver over the twenty delegates from
Chicago, SuLbIVAN'S peculiar premises.
What is more, this contest seems likely
to prevail.

So, what with the lukewarm instruc-
tions to the regulars and the prospect of
twenty of them being replaced by others
with different instructions, the perihelion
of SULLIVAN and BRYAN would seem to
present some more or less important
flaws. But it is all a perplexing tangle
at this distance. We must wait.

——-_-- —_—_—__- +--+ —
Admirals” to Spare.

Senator HALg's amendmerit to the
Naval Appropriation bill—we refer to
that which conferred line titles upon
staff officers—has been set aside by Sena-
tor Lopag's point of order and passes
out of our calculations for the present.
Of the propriety of this consummation
it is hardly necessary to speak. The
reasons for not giving doctors, commis-
saries, shipbuilders and civil engineers
militant seagoing titles are too numerous
and too evident to call for recapitulation
at this time. The ridiculous agitation has
been temporarily suppressed, however,
and we shall hear no more of it perhaps
until the next meeting of Congress.

But the war proceeds as fiercely as ever
in the drawing rooms and boudoirs of
Washington, and there at least the staff
officers are winning innumerable if
bloodless victories—the only kind per-
mitted by their occupations. Upon
these attractive fields, around the din-
ner tables and in the society columns of
the newspapers, the doctors, commis-
saries, constructors, &c., swagger un-
molested with their warlike labels, the
pomp and panoply of conflict in riotous
evidence. It has gone furthet than this
in at least one instance, for here is the
first page of an official announcement
hich partially explains itself:

" SOCIETY OF AMERICAN WARS,
FOUNDED JANUARY 11, 1807.
LNCORPORATED FEBRUARY 10, 1807

 

Motto; Vicerunt ut Vivgmus.
* Colors: Sanguine and Blue.

| Headquarters, Commander in Chief,
Wasntoton, D. C., January 31, 1908,

I. The Annual Meeting of the Commandery tn
Chief of this Society was held at the New Willard
Hotel, Washington, D. C., at 8:30 P. M. Tuesday,
January fourteenth, nineteen hundred and eight,

IJ. At this meeting the following Board of Officers
was elected for the ensuing year:

Commander-General,
ADMIRAL HENRY TUDOR BROWNWELL HARRIB,
U, 8S. Navy.
Vice-Commanders-General:
ADMIRAL GEOROR DEWRY, U. 8.
ORNERAL GBOROB A. WOODWARD, U.
DAVID JATNB AILL, LL. D
DAVID STARR JORDAN, LL. D
LEYI P. MORTON,
WOODROW WILAON, LL. D.
ARCHIBALD J, TRRAT.

The point to which attention is called
is the “Admiral Henry TupoR Brown-
WELL Hargis,” commander-genera] of
the society. It will be further observed
that immediately following Harrys, as
a vice-commander-general, comes “ Ad-
miral Georoe Dewey, U. 8..N.,” appar-
ently a less impartant person—inside of
the society. s

This is not to say or to insinuate thag
“Admiral” Hanns had any part in this
preposterous publication. By all ac-
counts he is a very modest, unassuming
fellow. It is to show the extravagant
amd confusing lengths t) which some

Ms

5 aoe oe
tos at va Piet ws

     

7

’* way ’ aw ‘
APRIL 26, 196
pe

——— ESS
eae einen ee eet enema eatin eta cette ei een eisai ancimranaaaate
CNN ae

ee

se ;

people will go in order to confor prestige
upon their entertainments and organi-
zations, social or otherwise, H. T. B.
Hanis is not an Admiral of the United
States Navy, There is only one * Admiral”
in the entire service, and that is Goran
Dewey. But Hanrats is not even a Rear
Admiral, like Evans, Ropogrs, EMorY
and others—commanders of warships, of
men, of squadrons and of fleets; he is
simply a retired Paymaster-General of the
navy, a commissary in fact, and no more
a member of the militant body than the
constrictor who designs the ships and
lives ashore,

Think. however, of the bewilderment
of the public mind as a result of this and
other publications and of the constant
bombardment by the newspapers in re-
spect of Admirals, Captains, Commanders,
&o.! Really, something ought to be done,
Either we should let down the bars and
confer title and insigtia on all the civil-
ians in the navy, including chaplains and
the rest; or we should differentiate the
fighting corps by severe and unmistak-
able legislation, It is said, and with
great truth, that the matter cannot be
left as itis. We agree to that, But how
shall it be settled—by cancelling all dis-
tinctions and letting the whole thing
drift into demoralization, or by reestab-
lishing the esprit de corps upon @ secure
and permanent basis?

As it stands to-day the situation is
intolerable.

 

If fleet surgeons are not recording close
observations of Jack before, during and
after each California shore leave, the world
will nies a rare chance for knowledge of the
effect on the human system and under-
standing of wines red, white, golden, sweet,
dry, still, sparkling, valley, lowland, upland,
thin soil, thick soll, irrigated, non-irrigated,
cave fermented, shed fermented, unblended,
blended, vineyard bottled, warehouse bot-
tled, vintage, year mized, and that fortunate
beverage which has brightened the leisure
and lightened the toll of many a pot boiling
poet and artist Bohemian club “red ink,”
fifteen cents the deri.

 

What a graceful and fetching thing it
would be if the British Government, having
received from a former American citizen
the Chesapeake's flag, should hand it back
over his near-Hessian head to the United
States!

 

it is gratifying to hear from our Minister
in Ecuador that the railroad between Guay-
aquil and Quito, a great engineering achieve-
ment, is nearing completion and that by
June 1 trains will be running from tide-
water on the Pacific to the capital on the
high Andean plateau. This is the road
which Colonel Georce Eanu Cuurcn in
1902 characterized as the most difficult
piece of engineering ever attempted in
South America. The distance by rail be-
tween Guayaquil and Quito will be 286
miles, anc at the summit height of the road-
bed the track is 10,600 feet above the de-
pot at Guayaquil.

As the engineers hesitated to increase the
gradient on the upper slopes above five and
a half per cent. the roadbed did not attain
the summit pase of Palmira, which is 12,200
feet above sea level, but reached the table-
land through a tunnel half a mile long.
For about five years traina have been olimb-
ing in a few hours from the rubber and
cacao zone of the lowlands to the wheat
fields of the bigh plateau.

It is possible that this railroad will have
far more than local importance. Rio Bamba
and Ambato are stations on the line, and
through bgth towns flow branches of the
Pastaza affluent of the Amazon, Engineers
have emphasized the importanoe of run.
ning preliminary surveys down the Pastam
or the Morona to see if it is possible by buil/-
ing @ branch railroad to reach a point «-
cessible to Amazon steamboats, If thiscan
be done the Ecuador Railroad-will be afab-
tor in a transcontinental steam rowe of
the greatest interest to commerce; other-
wise its best service will be confined to the
local development of the productiw inter-
andean valleys and the arid plaeaus of
Ecuador.

—_—_—_
‘@ The Book Workers.

To Tax Eprror or Tn# Sun—Sir This is the
closing day of the exhibition of theGuild of Book
Workers that upened to the pubiicon April 22. It
has appealed by its novelty to the pibdile aud greatly
interested It.

One little volume still draws bs crowds—a copy
of Marcus Aurelius bound in Olive leather with
gray inlay in a classic desigs. The doublure is
elaborately and exquisitely toded in gold. This is
the work of Miss Cole of Boswn, and is remarkable
for Its feeling and technique

Harvey Cha exhibite & numbered copy of
Alfred Hutton's “Old Swore Play,” bound in green
levant, decorated with a spirited design of gold
lines and red inlays of sh#lds in the four corners.
The color combination md balance of lines and
spaces is very pleasing, and especially admirable
are the handsome head bands, In atrikifg contradt
to this book ts Mr. Chatield’s other exhibit, a New
Testament In red peal tooled in gold, The great
beauty of the cover dedgn, unequalled in originality
by any other In the ebibition, almost charms one
into overlooking its lack of technical execution,
The doublure ts of parchment hand illuminated,
with a grapevine bo/der brilliantly tooled in gold,

Miss Bakewell of Pittsburg has @ noticeable book
in green levant, @vered with a diamond pattern
outiined In gold ayd enclosing a delightful arrange-
ment of flowers gad stems In Diind tooling.

One would like to forget were it possible that
amazing nightmare of design and color by Otto
Zahn bound tn 4 curious blue, with imlays of pink-
ish red and white, the edges of the pages goffored
in many colored flowers, It is a marvellous piece
of gymnastic techalque,

A large Bible in Oak covers by Miss Dieh! and a
copy of the "Cathedrals of England” bound in carved
wood boards by Miss Holden are of very interest-
ing workmanship.

That wizard finisher Mr. Cobden Sanderson
exhibits one éf his characteristic designs of inter-
laced lines ard flowers, his wonderful gold tooling
shinintg like she sun upon a copy of “Paradise Lost.”

I have mentioned these few books because of
marked excellence in themselves or as having been
of specis! interest to the public, but there are
many other books In this exhibition deserving of
mentlos. JOHN VREELaKD.
New Yor«K, April 25.

 

Raskin as a Chess Player.
From T. P's Weekly,

Many people may have overlooked the fact that
Ruskin loved the game of chesé. Some of his iet-
ters reveal this interest. He was at one time 4
qunstant visitor to Maskelyne & Cooke's enter-
fainment, where he once played a game with
“Psycho,” and he tried bis skill against other chess
automata, “Indeed, !t Was a matter of pride to
him,” say his latest editors, "that he had obtained
more than one victory over the famous Mephisto
at the time when it was performing at the Crystal
Palace with considerable éclat. He was a vice-
president of the British Chess Association.”

India Schoolboy Patriots,
From the Calewtia Stateeman.

The boys gf the Kishoregams School football
team recently refused to play for a cup on the
ground that it was of foreign manufacture. Asa
result twelve of the head scholays are expelied.

‘The Way of It.
Knicker— Do you think dogs should be muzzled?
Bocker—If you proposed to muzzie mosquitoes
there would be sentimentalists to oppose It.

When It Rains.
Stella—Got a Merry Widow hatt
Bella—Yes, and now | am looking for a Merry
yidow umbrella,

 

 

 

 

Supreme.
What is a chauffeur?
—The janitor of the auto,

 

ik

”

eT ol

os et ao

SUBMARINES CONDEMNED.

‘ ’ sy S
Romarkadle Statements Attributed te John
P. Holland.

Prom thé Newark Star of April 25.

John P. Holland, inventor of the Holland
boat, declared to @ Stay representative last
night that the submarine boate belonging to
the Government.and for which millions were
disbursed are absolutely useless, and thet
any further expenditure for these boats, as
contemplated in the Naval Appropriation
bill, will be @ criminal waste of the public
money. “The appropriations,” sald Mr. Hol-
land, “should go to the building of battleships,
which constitute the great unit of naval
power.” i

The inventor was asked if only the Amerl-
can built ompmeree, was useless, if the Eu-
ropean type excelled. ‘

*By no means,” sald Mr. Holland, the
submarines of rane, ae a eee?
are of just as li practical use in n °
fare as ours tinder the conditions that exist
to-day.? Mr, Holland explained:

“The original Molland bost, designed end
built by me, was intended for harbor defence
and to operate a: a hostile fleet beleaguer-
ing & pott and anchored outside within a few
miles, Such was the blockade of Santieso
harbor by Sumpson's fleet in 1808. But we
did not then have the high powered pune of
the present day. Harbors sare now
by ordnance carrying projectiles to euch
effective distances that the hostile ships must
keep twelve or fifteen miles off and aleo keep
constantly in motion, Against there ships
a submarine would have no power,

——$————— 6

 

Mr. Remington's Man en Horseback.

To ras Eprron or Tes Sox~Sir: Edi-
torially on April 23 in re Senator Money's
feepect for the Japanese soldiers, you aid:
“He was probably misled by the illustratore—
everybody. remeinbers Mr. Remington's pioc-
ture of Colonel Roosevelt charging up San
Juan Hill en @ horse.”

In justice to myself, allow me to state that
the. picture you refer to wae entitled, The
Rough Riders’ Charge on Kettle Hi” (not
San Jaan ), and also to add that Colonel Roose
velt did ride @ horse, until stopped by 4 bas?
wire fence, whereat he dismounted and om-
tinued on foot.

Ladmit the use of imagination in my wok—
this would be a prosy old world withott It,
but not for @ great deal would I ha® my
belief shattered in what [ eee in Twi SUN
being #0. Paepenio ReminTOr.

New Rocuents, N. ¥., April 24.

The picture Tas Son referred’ to may
os hound in Roosevelt's “The Rough Riders
facing page 182 and is therr entitled,
“Charge of the Rough Riders ¢ Ban Juan
Hill.” Itis “from the paintingby Fredexio
Remington.” Mr. Remingtor is of course
not responsible for the décriptive line
under the picture as it appears In the book;
but obviously Colonel Roow/velt is responsi-
ble, for he says in his
turned his horse cittle
hé came toa wire fend on the slope of
Kettle Hill. Afterwast he proceeded on
foot, remaining some time on Kettle Hill,
from which he saw the Infantry under

Juan Hill, the key
Hawkins take Fort#an oe the Adee, 008

to the Spanish

then starting “acres the wide valley which
lay between us the Spanish entrench-
ments.” As a patter jof fact, the valley

is not wide, bu the point is that Colonel
Roosevelt gained the ridge on foot, The
fore misleadng, and the author of the
book must Aave known that {t conflicted

with his agount of the charge.
‘ a

Tip Fron an Obvscare Chicage Democrat.

To rm Epiton or Tas 8un—Sir; I am
an ob#ure Chicago Democfat, but know
enoug) about political matters there to say,
in thelanguage of the street, that what Roger
C, Sullivan did to Bryan at Springfield yes-
terdiy was “a-plenty.” He gave him the
hard of Esau but the voice of J . The
deegation may vote once for Bryan, but will
ten go to the “Star of the North.”

New Yor, April 24. F. M, Tarssau.

Rome and Jerusalem,

To tax Epiron or Tas Son—Sir' Your
Roman Catholic lay readers have become
accustomed to look to the Right Rev. P..F>
O'Hare to fight their battles in your columns.
Goldwin Smith may have conquered Dr,
Brann and other ecclesiastics, but since Mon-
signor O'Hare entered the controversy he
has seen fit to transfer his activities to the
North American Review,

And now comes Dr. Isidor Singer con-
fidently predicting monotheism for the Ro-
man Catholic Church, which has fought every
attack on Trinitarianism for nineteen hundred
years.

From Dr. Singer's frequent complimentary
allusions to Monsignor O'Hare in his pre-
ceding articles one might have gathered that
there was some intellectual accord between
the two. But Catholics now see clearly that
the intervening chasm is as gaping and broad

as ever.
Isidor Singer may amuse himese °
ously about his Utopian rell ~ os n,
e may approve Monsignor (Hare to his
eart's content and give us the impression
pe there is intellectual sympathy between
them

But O'Hare is in Rome and Singer is in
Jerusalem, and so long as the Bree yn prel-
ate preserves silence your Catholic read-
ers will refuse to believe that he takes uny
stock in Or. Singer's monotheism. Dr, Sin-

er ma very sine and predict fine

ings for 1980, but the “ wing Se syna-
e” is very far indeed from Bt. Peter's.
New Yours, April 24. Henny C. Kivey,

The Bible on Fat People and Fierce Eyes.

To tax Epitorn or TAP SUN—Sir: Allow me to
call attention to a curious Instance in modern news
making. Some days ago there appeared in your
paper a cablegram from Paris giving an account
of an explanation by Dr. Robinson, a well known
savant, of how it ts that fat men strut and have
fierce looking eyes. He salG among other things
that their eyes look fierce because they are buiged
out by fatness, and the whole explanation seemed
to be new and decidedly funny, a

Now, the other morning before leaving my room
I read the seventy -third Psaim, which applies about
as weil to the vain pomp, and glory of this world as
anything I know of. At the seventh verse, speak-
Ing of the well to do, fat, woridiy minded people,
it says: “Their eyes stand out with fatness: they
have more (han heart could wish,”

It seems strange that after thousands of years
the wise mon in Paris should rediscover what the
Psalmist knew in ancient days.

New Yors, April 25. OnaunvEa.

 

The “Revizor."

%o Tae Evrron or THe Sun— Sir: In THe Sun
of a days @f0 4 writer expressed astonishment
at the fact that Gogol's “Revizor” has not been
translated into English. An English translation
of the farce has been published in the ‘Camelot
Series” under the title of “The Inspector-General.”

New Yous, April 2. H, Simpson,

A Tar Heel Appreval.
Rosedero correspondence Fayetteville Observer,
There Was an ice cream supper at Mr. G. B. Males's
Saturday night which was largely attended and
heartily ehjoyed by all present, Truly there is no
barm in an toe cream supper. They must be for
the betterment of our country, ,

 

 

Spriag Dawn.

How fair the lingering northern spring
That slowly lights from day toway
Her dim green torches by the way!

She stirs her low fire to a Diaze
Of violet, gold and pale rose rays;

Her white smoke curis with many a ring
In wreathing clouds of orchard bloom;
Mer breath is faint with warm perfume.

Hers is the twilight of the year—
The morning twilight, exquisite
With dreamilke hues and shapes that fit
Attuned to rhythmic ecstasy,
Her beauty dawns so tenderly
We ecarcely know that it is here
Before it te the full blown hour,
With bough im leaf and bud in flower,

ADA Foetza Muanar,

 

Just Theory.
Scientists, hear my deduction
Of a probiem of botany deep:
The sermons of Jack-in-the- Pulpit
Put the wide petalied popples to sleep,
‘THOMAS JanKLxe.
.

j

“ROMAN HOLIDAYS.

Hotels, Pensions partments.
Copyright, 1008, by W."D, Howells,

Roms, April 10.—“Shall 1 not take tuing
ease in mine inn?" the traveller asks rathor
anxtously than defautly when he finds |iim.
eolf a atranger in a strange place, and he
fs apt to add, if he has not written or wire!
ahead to some specific hotel, “Which of
mine inne shal| I @ke mine ease in?” He is
the more puzfled to chooas the more inns
there are to choee from and his difficulty
ia enhanced if by has not considered tha:
some of his inns may be full, or may be tov
dear, and yet «thers undesirable.

The run from Naples in four hours ani
a balf had bew so flattering fair an ex.
perience to people who had last made i:
in eight that/they arrived in Rome on «
sunny afteravon of January predcoupie|
with expectstions of an instant ease {1
their inn whbh seemed the measure of their
merit, Ther indeed found their inn, and
it wee witlta painful surprise that they di!
not find the rooms in it whieh they wante!.

wer) neither rooms “full south” nu,
“over thegarden” nor “off the tram,” a: |
in these sirocumstances there was nothing
for it btt to drive so some one else's inn
and try for better quarters there. They
in fact drove to half a dozen suoli, the
demanis rising for more rvoms and sunuie:
and qmieter and cheaper the fewer a)!
dark¢ and noisier and dearer were those
they/ound.

The trouble was that they found in thy
very firet alien hotel where they applied a,

t so exactly what they wanted
wth ite four rooms and bath, ad iwore o-
‘Jae “full south,” though mostly veering
nest amd north, that they carried the fa‘a!
norm io their consciousness and teated a!|
other apartments by it, the earlier notion
of single rooma being promptly rejected
after the sight of it. The reader will there-
fore not be so much astonished as thesy
travellers wero to learn that thore was
nothing else in Rome (where there must bo
about 500 hotels, hotele garnis and pensions)
that one could comparatively stay eve
over night in, and that they settled in that
alluring apartment provisionally, the ner;
day belng Sunday and the crystalline Sat.
urday of thir arrival being well worn away
toward ite topaz and ruby sunset. Of course,
they continued their search for. several
dgys afterward, zealously but hopelessly,
yet not fruitlessly, for it resulted in an
acquaintance with Roman hotels whio!)
they might otherwise never have made,
and for one of them in potential vopy ons
subject of interest to every one hoping to
come to Rome or despairing of it. The
psychology of the matter was very curious
involved the sort of pleasing self-iliu-
sioh by which people so often get then-
selves over questionable passes in life and
come out with a good consclence—or a dea:
oné—whioh is practically the same thing
These partioular people had come to Roin»
with reminisoences of inexpensiveness an:
had Intended to recoup themselves for the
oost of several previous winters in New
York hotels by the immense saving they
would makein their Romansojourn. When
it appeared, after all the negotiation and
consequent abatement, that their Roman
hotel apartment would cost them hardly a
fifth less than they had last paid in New
York they took a guilty refuge in the fact
that they were getting for less money
something which no money could buy in
New York. Gradually all sense of guilt
wore off and they boldly, or even impu-
dently said to themselves that they ought
to have what they coflld pay for and that
there were reasons, which they were no!
obliged to render in their frankest solilo
quies, why they should do just what thy
chose in the matter.

The truth is that the modern Roman }o-
tel is far better in every way than the hte!
of far higher class, gr of the highest chss,
in New York, In the first place the ‘nan-
agement is in the precious secret, which our
proprietors have lost, of making you believe
that they want you, and having you, they
know how to look after your pleasure and
welfare. The table is always far better
than ours, with more real variety, though
vastly less stupid profusion, The ma-
terials are wholesomer and fresher and
are without the proofs, always coment in
our hotel viands, of a probationary period
in cold storage. Aa for the cooking, there
is no comparison, whether the things are
simply or complexly treated; and the ser-
vioe is of that neatness, promptness which
ours is #0 ignorant of.

Your arrangement is almost always for
meals as well as rooms; the European plan
is preferably ignored in Europe; and the
table d’héte luncheon and dinner is served
at small, separate tables; your breakfeat
is brought to your room. Being old fash-
joned myself I am rather sorry for the
small, separate tables. I liked the one big
long table, where you made talk with your
neighbors; but it is gone, and much facile
friendliness with it, on either hand and
across the board. The rooms are tastefu!ly
furnished and the beds are unquestionable;
the carpets warmly oover the floor if stone
or amply rug it if of board. The steam
heating is generous and performs ite office
of “roasting you out of the h * with-
out the sizzling and crackling which accom-
pany ita efforts at home, The electricity
really illuminates, and there is always an
electric lamp at your bed head for those
long hours when your remorse or your d-
gestion will not let you sleep and you must
substitute some other's waking dreams for
those of your own slumbers. Above all,
there is a lift, or elevator, not enthusiast -
cally active or convulsively swift, but en-
tirely practicable and efficient. it w:!!
hold from four to eight persons and wil!
take at least six without reluctance,

It must be clearly understood that thr
ideal of American comfort is fully and faith-
fully realized, and if the English have re
formed the Italjan hotels in respect of clean:
liness it is we who have brought them quits
up to our domestio level in regard to hoat
and light. But if we want these things here
we must pay for them as we do at home,
though still we do not pay eo much as ¥é
pay at home. The tips are about half our
wasteful average, but whether they are
given ourrently or ultimately I do not
know. Who indeed knows about others’
tips anywhere in the world? I asked an
experienced fellow citizen what the custom
was and he eaid that he believed the Enc-
lish gave in going away, but he thought the
spirits of the helpers dropped under t!°
strain of hope deferred and he preferred
to give every week. The donations, | u-
derstood, were pooled by the dining roo
waiters and then equally divided; but gifts
bestowed above stairs were the sole behoo!
of him or her who took them. Germans
are said to give less than Anglo-Saxons, an!
it is said that Italians in some cases
not give at all. But again who knowe’
The Italians are said never to give drink
money to the cabmen but to payc-ly the
face of the tariff. If I had done that '"
driving about to look up worse hotels thas
the one I chose first and last I should no
be a richer man, but I doubt if a happier
Two centa,seems to satisfy a Roman ©!”
mari; five canta has for him all the witohery
of money found in the road; but | mi!
not leave the aub‘ect of hotels for thal 9
cabs, however alluringly it beckons
‘Lhe reader who knows italy only !''"

 

  

-