the past should clear hip. ot!
impressions of the hotels, There is no

longer that rivalry between the coming
guest and the manager to see. how few or
many candles can be.lighted in his room
and charged in the bill; there are no longer
e@ndies, but only elestricity. There is no
longer an extortion for fires on the hearth
which send all the heat up the ohimney;
there are steam radiators in every room.
There is no longer a tedious bargaining
for rooras; the price ia. fixed and cannot
be abated exoept for a sojourn of weeks
or months. But the priee is much greater
than it used to be—twioe as great alinost;
for the taxes are heavy and provisions are
dear and ooal and electricity are costly,
and you must share the ¢xpense with the
landlord. He is not there for his health,
aod if for your comfort, you are not his
invited guest. As I have, intimated, an
apartment of four fooms with a bath will
cost almost a8 much, with board, as the
same quartérs in New York, but you will
get far more for your money in Rome.
If you take & single room, even to the south,
in many first class Roman hetels it will
cost you for room and board two dollars
or two and a half a day, which is what you
pay for a far meaner and sm@lier room
alone in New York; and the Roman board
is such a# you can get only at our most
expensive houses for twice the, money.
Generally you can get a single room and
bath, but at present a very exclusive hotel
is gcing up ina good quarter which pramises,
with huge English signs, a bath with
every room and every room full south.
Qne does not see just how the universal
sunny exposure is to be managed, but there
yan be no question of the baths; and with
Ahe steam radiators everywhere, the north-
ernmost room might well imagine itself
full south.

Nearly all the hotels have a pleasant,
parlor or tea room, which is called a
winter garden because of a pair of palm
trees set under the centre of its glass roof
and the painted bamboo phairs and tables
eet about. This garden is found even in
the hotela which are almost of the grade |
of pensions and of their prices; but gener-
ally the pensions proper are without it.
Their rates are much lower, but quite as
good people frequerit them, and they are
often found in good etreete and sometimes
open into or overlook charming gardens;
the English eapectally aeem to like the pen-
sions, which are managed like hotels. They
are commonly without steam heat, which
might account for their Being. lesa fre-
quented by Americans.

There are two supreme hotels in Rome--
one in the Budovial quarter, as it is called,
and the other near the Baths of Diocletian,
which Americans do frequent to their cost,
for the rates are of a New York or London
magnificence. The first is rather the more
spectacular of the two and is the resort of
all the finer sort of afternoon tea drinkers,
who find themselves the observed of ob-
servers of all nationalities; there is music
and dress, and there are titles of every
degree, with as much informality aa people
choose if they go to look or aa much state
if they go to be looked at; these things are
much leas cumbrously oontrived than with |
us. The other hotel, I have the somewhat
unauthorized fancy, is rather more addicted
to very elect dinner parties and suppers.

Below these two are an endless variety
of first rate and second rate houses, both
in the newer quarter of the city, where the
villa patha have been turned into streets,
and in the old town on all the pleasant
@quares and avenues. There is a tradition
of unhealth concerning the old town which
the modern death rate of Rome shqwa to
be wholly unjust; at the worst these places
have more dark and damp and the hotels
are not steam heated.

It has seemed to me that there are not
e@ many hotels garnis in Rome as there
used to be in other Italian cities, but they
also abourd in pleasant streets, and the
stranger who has a fancy for lodgings
with breakfast in his rooms and likes to
browse about for his luncheon and dinner
will easily suit himself. If it comes to’ tak-
ing a furnished apartment for the season
there is much range in price and much choice
in place. The agents who have them to
let will begin rather dismayingly: “Oh,
apartments in Rome are very dear.” But
you learn on inquiry that a furnished flat
in the Ludovisi region, in a houag’ with a
lift and full sun, may be had for two hun-
dred dajlars a month. From this height
the rents of palatial apartments soar to such
lenely peaks as eight hundred and sink to
such levela as a hundred and twenty or a
hundred; and for this you have linen and
silver and all the movables and utenails |
you want. The rents of the like flats if
vacant would be a quarter or a third less,
though again the agents begin by telling
you that there is very little difference be-
tweeo the rents of furnished and unfur-
nished flats. The flats are in every part
of the old town and the new; and some are
noble sixteenth and seventeenth century
palaces such as we are accustomed to at
home only on the stage. My own experience
is that everybody, especially in houses where
there are no lifts, lives on the top floor. You
pass many other floors in going up, but you
are left to believe that nobody lives on them,
When you reach the inhabited quarter you
find them charming inside for their state
and beauty and outside for their magnifi-
cent view, which may be pretty confidently
relied upon to command the dome of St.
Peter's. That magnifivent etone bubble
seems to blow all round the horizon.

When you have taken your furnished flat
the same agency will provide you a cook
at $10 or $12 a month, a maid at $7, a lady's
maid at $8 or $9, and 60 on; the cook will
prefer to sleep out of the house. Then will
come up the question of provisions, and
these seem really to be dear in Ronie. Meats
and vegetables both are dear, and game
and poultry. Beef will be 40 cents a pound
and veal and mutton in proportion; a chicken
which has been banting for the table from
its birth will be 40 cents; eggs which have
not yet taken active shape are 26 and 30
cents throughout winters so bland that a
hen of any heart can hardly keep from lay-
ing every day. Iam afraid lam no author-
ity on butter and milk; and groceries I do
not know the prices of; but coffee ought to
be cheap, for nobody drinks anything but
substitutes more or lesa unabashed.

ror the passing stranger, or even the pro-
tracted sojourner whose time and money
are not too much at odds, a hotel is best,
and a hotel in the new quarter is pleasanter
than one in the old quarters. Oure at any
rate was in a wide, sunny and (if I must
own it) dusty street, laid out ina line of
beauty on the borders of the former Villa
Ludovisi, where the aging or middie
sging reader used to come to see Guido's
‘urora (or I do not know but Guercino's)
in the roof of the casino, Now all trace of
the garden is hidden under vast and vaster
hotels and great blond apartment houses
and ironed down with trolley rails; but the
Guido or the Guercino, or each, has been
spared, though it is no longer so accessible
to the public. Still there is a garden left,
and our hotel, with others, looks across the
sun and dust of its street into the useful
vegetation of the famous old Capuchin
convent, with the church, to which I came
60 eagerly so long ago to revere Guido's
“St. Michael and the Dragon” and the deco-
rative bones of the good brothers braided
on the walls and,roofs of the crypt in the

.

a

   

Indi@sotuble pommunity of floral and geo-
metrio designs.

All-through the months of February and
Maroh I woke to the. bell that woke the
brothers to their prayers before daybreak
and burét the beauty sleep of the hotel
dwellers, who have so far outnumbered
the monks sinoe the obliteration of the
onoe neighboring villa. This was, of
course, @ hardship, and one thought things
of that bell which the monks were too good
to say; but being awake, and whileone
was reading one’s self to sleep again, one
could hear the beginning of that sing-
ing in the modern garden in the rear which
followed upon the bell ringing. 1 do not
know what make or manner of bird it was
that mostly sang among the palms and
laurels and statues, but it had a note of
liquid gold, which it poured till a certain
flageolettist, whom I never saw, came to
the corner under the ville wall and blew
hie soul into one end of hie instrument
and out of the other in despondent breath-
ings of most melancholy musio. Then,
having ateaned the epirits of his involun-
tary listeners to a pensive sympathy, he
closed with that international hymn which
does not rightly know whether it is “My
Country, ‘Tis of Thee,” or “God Save the
Ring,” but serves equally for the patriotism
of any English or Americans in hearing.
I do not know why this harmiess hymn,
which the flageolettist gave extremely woll,
should always have seemed to provoke the
derision of the donkey which apparently
dwelt in harmony with the birds in that
villa garden, but the flageolettist had no
sooner ended than the donkey burst into a
bray, loud, long and full of mockery, with a
close of ironical whistling and most insolent
hissing; you would think that some arch
enemy of the Anglo-Saxon race was laugh-
ing the new felt unity of the English and
Americans to scorn. Later, but still before
daylight, came the wild cry of a boy, some-
where out of perdition, following the deep
bass invitation of his father to buy his
wares, whatever they were. We never
khew, but we liked that despairing wail
and would not have missed it for ever so
much extra slumber. When all hope of
any more sleep was past there was no
question of the desirability of the boy,
who visibly arranged his store of oranges
on the ourbetone under the villa wall and
seemed to think that they had a peouliar
attraction from being offered for sale in
pairs. Hibs cry filled the reat of the fore-
noon,

The Italian spring comes on slowly every-
where, with successive snubs in its early
ardor from the snows‘on the mountains,
which regulate the climate from north to
south. We could not see that it made
more apeed behind the sheltering walls of
the Capuchin convent garden than in other
places. The old gardener whom we saw
pottering about in it seemed to potter no
more actively at thé end of March than at
the beginning of February; on the first
days of April a heap of old leaves and stalks
was sending up the ruddy flame and pleas-
ant emell that the like burning heaps do
with us at the like hour of spring. In fact
vegetation had much miore reason to be
cheerful throughout February than at any
time in March. Those February days were
really incomparable, They had not the
melting heat of the warm spells that some-
times come in our Februaries; but their suns
were golden and their skies unutterably
blue and their airs mild, yet fresh. You
always wanted a heavy coat. for driving
or for the shade in walking; We otherwise
the temperature was that of a New England
April which was resolved to begin asit could
carry out, But March came with cold rains
of whole days and with suns that might
overheat but could not be trusted to warm
you, The last Sunday of January I found
ioe in the Colosseum; but that was the only
time I saw ice anywhere in Rome. In
Maroh, however, in a moment of great ex-
asperation from the mountains, it almost
snowed, Yet that month would in our oli-
mate have been remembered for its beality
and for a prevailing kindness of tempera-
ture. The worst you could say of it was
that it left the spring in the Capuchin gar-
den where it found it. But possibly since
the papal government the seasons are neg-
leotful and indifferent. Certainly man
seems eo in the case of the Capuchin con-
vent, Great atretches of the poor old plain
edifice seem vacant, and the high wall
which encloses it is plastered and painted
with colomaal advertisements of clothiers
and hotels and druggista, and announce-
ments of races and other events out of
keeping with its character and tradition,

The sentjmentalists who overrun Rome
from all the northern lands will tell you
that this is of a piece with all the Newer
Rome which has sprung int®. existence
since the Italian occupation. Their griefs
with the thing that is are loud and they
are long; but I, who am a sentimentalist
too, though of another make, do not share
them. No doubt the Newer Rome has made
mistakes, but without defending her indis-
criminately I am a Newer Roman to the
core perhaps because I knew the Older
Rome and what it was like; and not all my
brother and sister sentimentalists can say
as much. At the end of my column I can-
not enter upon my justification, but I hope

another Sunday to do go.
W. D. Howe.ts,

 

GATTI-CASAZZA SAILS.

Left Yesterday, bat Will Not Find Conried
Here to Greet Him.

It will not be necessary after all to send
out a search party to find out the where-
abouts of Giulio Gatti-Casasza. Word was
received yesterday from that distinguished
foreigner that he was about to sail, For
the last week his oodirector, Mr. Dippel,
and the other officers and direotors of the
Conried Metropolitan Opera Company have
been uncertain as to the safety of the new
director. Study of the passenger liste of
the incoming steamers revealed no trace
of him, although he has been expected
daily since last Tuesday. .
e notified the company that he would
be on April 21, or at the very latest on
the 26th. He finally got started yesterday
and will arrive bere on Friday next.
Just why the new oodirector is coming
it is not easy to tell. His
ried, and his

except» @ sure that the house

ral same. Ma otras at
e "

an Ttallan 8 to try voices. He

has not ted how long he will remain

>
= a —
(re eS ee
—————————

 
  

/Peyster, mother of the bride, will
East

NS
i
a a TT

oe |

oe ow eae he me

There are no signs of falling off from
the Easter spcial activity. Instead of the
continuous series of charitable entertain-
ments of last week there are to be the meet-
ings of the patriotic societies and the eocin)
festivities which acoompany them.

Mr, and Mrs. Hamilton Mok. Twombly

and Miss Ruth Vanderbilt Twombly, who
at their country fr at
adiaon, N. J,, returned to town on Monday.

 

One of the week's notable weddings will
be that of Miss Helen Van Cortlandt de
Peyster and Surgeon George Augustus Lung,
U. 8. N., to take place in St. Bartholomew's
Church on Tuesday. utor Bishop
David H. Greer will perform the ceremony,
assisted by' the Rev. Dr. Parke. Miss

Pe ster will be unattended, After the
church ceremony Mra, Frederick 4. de

ve a
reception at her home, 11 nT.
sixth street. Dr. Lung. was one 6
ushers at the wedding of Frederic Ashton de
Peyster, brother of his bride-elect with Miss
Alice Abercrombie-Miller last Tuesday at
Lakewood, N. J.

Mr. and Mrs. George W. Vanderbilt, who
have had Biltmore House filled with guests
for Kaster and also for the Shepard-Rees
nuptials, will goon make a little stay at
Hot Springs, Va. Mr. and Mrs. William K.
Vanderbilt, Jr., gave some suppers last
week at the Knickerbocker.

Countess Seéchényi is to be presented
at court in London, and she and her hus-
band are to visit with Ambassador and
Mrs. Whitelaw Reid and the Duchess of
Marlborough in June.

-—
One of the notable June weddings will
be that of Joseph Leiter and Miss Juliette
Williams, to take place at the home of the
bride's parents, Lieut.-Col, J. R. Williams
ue 8. A., and Mrs. vee Mr. sat | and
i summer an-
pF! ot ble with Mrs. Leiter, who
has the fine Head establishment there.

A quietly celebrated wedding of next
Thureday will be that of Mias Delight Dick-
inson and Robert Stewart Crocker. The
ceremony will be performed at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr, and Mre. Edwin E. Dickinson,
812 West Seventy-seventh street, in the
noe of relatives and intimate friends
only, Afterward there will be a amall re-
ception. Mrs. Gustavus Colhoun Marshall,
who was Miss Mabel Jones, will attend as
matron of honor. Bruce Falooner, Harvey
Williams, Alfred Macy and Wells Dickin-
gon of New York and Joseph Chapman of
Philadelphia will assist as best man and
ushers.

Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Dennis Shepard
will make their home in New York. They
had one of the nice big weddings of the
week at Biltmore, N. C., on Thursday.

 

as Adele Colgate, whose mother, now
Mrs. Walter Kennard, is still called on the
other side Cora, Countess of Strafford, the
title of her second husband, came over to
attend as a bridesmaid at the DanaCollier
wedding on Thursday. She is a grand-
daughter of Mra. Bamuel Smith and a niece
of Sidney J. Smith and Mrs. Alfred Kessler.
The early honeymoon days of Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Pelham Robbins are being
passed on Long Island. They will sail
{or Europe on Tuesday for a few weeks
trip and will return in Jane and go to South-
ampton for the summer. Their weddin
on Wednesday afternoon in Grace. Chur
was one of the big events of the week.

Mrs. Henry Pierrepont Perry, who was
Miss Edith Lounsbery, and Mrs. James B.
Haggin were among the bridegroom's rela-
tives who went on to the wedding last Tues-
day in Baltimore, Md., of Louis E. Haggin,
second son of Mra. Ben Ali Haggin of 10
East Fifty-fourth street, and Miss Emma
Jackson.

Mra. J. Hopkins Smith, Jr, who was
Miss Paulie Morton, will assist as a bridal
attendagt for the first time since her mar-
riage eighteen months ago at the wedding
of St. John Smith and Miss Florence How-
land in Grace Church, Amherst, Mass., on
Saturday, May 23. She will attend the
bride as matron of honor. Miss Howland
and Miss Katherine Elkins were of the list
of bridesmaids at the Smith-Morton event.
Miss Howland, who is a daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Morton How of Chi-
cago, will have no bridesmaids. St. John
Smith, who is a son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Hop-
kins Smith of 17 East Forty-seventh street,
will have his brother, J. Hopkins Smith,
as best man, and Langdon Parker Mar-
vin, Henry McBurney, William Stackpole,
Jullan Parker Welsh and Lawrence 8. Butler
of New York, and Charles Jackson and
Eliot Wadeworth of Boston, and Frederitk
Hale of Portland, Me., as ushers. Mr.
and Mrs. Howland will give a bridal break-
fast after the church ceremony at their
country place. oak

Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Gouverneur Morris,
the latter Miss Alletta Nathalie ‘Lorillard
Bailey, will pass part of the summer in
Europe and on their return make their
home in a suburb of New York. Mrs.
Morris wore a quantity of superb point
lace and some fine diamonds at the home
wedding on Easter Monday. In fact the
white satin was entirely covered with lace
worn previously by three generations of
brides, and the veil was of the lace. Her
diamond ocollarette was a gift from her
mother and the pendant from the bride-
groom.

Mr. and Mrs. Samuel H. Valentine, who
sailed Wednesday on the Mauretania, ex-
pect to return in July and go to their cottage
at Narragansett Pier. will make
an automobile tour of England, France
and Switzerland, Mr. and Mrs. Bradley
Martin, Jr., sailed for England on the
‘Adriatic on Wednesday aftor a stay of six
months here.

Samuel Wagataff gave his bachelor din-
ner at the Harvard Club last nignot, Sis
guests included George Wagstaff, Gris-
wold Lorillard, Clarence Pell, Warren
Robbins, James Park, Taylor Pyne; Albert
Hoffman, Oliver Harriman, Alfred Wag-
staff, David Wagstaff, Blanchard Rand
and Francis 0. French, Next Saturday
night, May 2, Mr. Wagstaff's flancée, Miss
Pauline French, will give her bridesmaids’
dinner at Harbor View, the Newport ocot-
tage of her grandmother, Mrs. Francis
Ormond French. Miss French’s guests
will be her grandmother, Mrs. Frenoh;
her aunt, Mrs. Alfred G, Vanderbilt; Mrs.
Stuyvesant Leroy, her maternal nd-
mother, and her attendants, the Misses
Gladys Pell, Edith Kane, Marian Clark,
Caroline Grosvenor, Dorothy Kane, Eliza-
beth Cutting and Bargases Steward, The
color scheme of the bridal decorations for
both church and house on May 5 will be
pink and white.

One of the brides of Wednesday will be
Mies Edna Josephine Halstead, whose
wedding with Donald Austin Dunham
will take place in the evening at the home
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James William
Halstead, 8 West Seventy-fifth street.
Only relatives and some friends will be
present at the ceremony to be performed
at 8 o'clock. terward there will be a
reception. Miss Janet Adele Hurd will
attend the bride as maid of honor.
will be no bridesmaids, John K.
will assist as best man and James Hanson
Coburn and A. L, Trenholm wiil be ushers.

Miss Grace Rathbone Ruggles and George
Thompson. Lane of Troy, N. Y., will be
married on Wednesday, The ceremony
will be perfotmed at 4 o’clook in the after-
noon at the home of the bride's mother,
Mrs. Henry ware Johnson, 26 East Sixtieth
street, by the Rev. Edward Tidbits of +r,
an unclé of the pridggroors The
will be attended by Mary Douglas

orth as maid of honor, and Louise
Johnson, her youthful stepsister, will be
'

 

   

tat 4

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL

Le Boutilier Brothers |

7 ¢ 7 7

 

 

 

GENERAL REDUCTIONS

PEKIN MARQUISETTE VOILES—12,000 yards handsome satin striped

Cotton Votless self colors: in a complete line of the

most fashionable

shades (also white and black) for street and evening wear—

1%

formerly 40¢

DRESS SILKS—19 inch ‘Colored Messaline Silk, in all the seasonable

shades and colorings—

'
re

58

| balue 75¢

36 inch Black Taffeta Sith, wear guaranteed—

95°.

” value $1.25

DRESS LINENS—27 inch Imported Colored Dress Linens, Jacquard and

plain effects—

2H

reduced from 50c

WOMEN’S SHIRT WAISTS—In White Batiste and Lawns, trimmed with

lace and embroidery —

*1,50

51,95

52,95

values nearly double

WOMEN’S SUITS—Tatlor-made Cloth Suits, in all the new models and

latest materlals—

15.00

519,75

$25.00

reduced from $20.00, $25.00 and $32.00
WOMEN’S WALKING SKIRTS— White Linen Walking Skirts—

51,98

and §2,98

walues $3.50 and $5.00

AXMINSTER RUGS—Fall line of Ortental colors—sise 9x12 feet—

519.50

reduced from $26.50

 

Le Boutillier Brothers

West Twenty-third Street.

the flower maiden, There will be no brides
matds. Derrick Lane will assist his brother
as best man.

 

Anson W. Hard; Jr., gave his bachelor
dinner last night at the University Club.
His guests included DeCourcy L. Hard,
George Bourne, J. Harry Alexandve, Jr,,
Clarence C. Pell, Philip Boyer, Bernon Pren-
tice, Seymour Johnson, Theodore P. Dixon.
Mr. Hard’s wedding with Miss Florence
Bourne will take place on Wednesday
afternoon in St. Bartholomew's Church
The bride will be attended by her gister,
Miss orie Bourne, as maid of honor
Mr, and Mrs. Frederick G. Bourne, who have
been passing the winter at the Hotel Gotham,
will give a reception there after the churoh
ceremony.

The engagement is announced of Eduardo
Breker of this city and Mise Laurel Ottmer
of Lakewood, N. J. The marriage will take
place next month.

 

Mrs. William T, Meredith of 38 West
Fiftieth street gave a dinner last Friday

|
|

 

JOSEPH P. McHUGH & CO.
Established 1878.

“SELL POPULAR THINGS
FOR COUNTRY HOUSES

OF CUSHIONED WILLOW, $5.00

IN MISSION STYLE, 7.50
COLONIAL, With Wings, 18.00
Some Upholstery Stuffs —
Chintzes & Cretonnes, 10-25c. yd.

apore Openweave, 50c. ‘t
Oldstyle Moreen, 60c, “
Arras Cloth of Flax, B5c. “

Some Wall Coverings—

ENGLISH COTTAGE PAPERS

(Specially priced at 10c. pce.)

JAPANESE GRASS CLOTH
(1,000 Yards at 25c.)

Some Floor Coverings—

evening for Miss Marie Sheafe Douglas,| HANDLOOM RAGSTYLE RUGS
whoee wedding with her son, Joseph D. | and CARPETS BY THE YARD,

Meredith, will take place on Tuesday after-
noon, May 12, in the chantry of Grace
Church, . Meredith will give a small
tea for Miss Douglas on Th y afternoon,
May 7. The bri

of _M. Sheafe Douglas of Yonkers, will

be unattended. William F. Meredith will |

assist his brother as best man, and Dy.

Bertrand 8. Drake and Payson ‘Thompson

of New Rochelle, Whitman Haff, Frederick

Dougie and Henry Montgomery will be
ers.

Frederick Townsend Martin has been
giving Lzeesnocns, teas and dinners through
week.

THE FRIARS CELEBRATION.

First Anniversary to Be Started a Month
or Two in Advance.

The Friars, the organization conceived
by the theatrical press agents and now
including any number of men who have
a more or leas remote connection with the
theatrical business, will celebrate their
first birthday as an inoorporated hody
on July 1. That being so and this being
the joyous springtime and the Friars real
preas agents, they have decided to oele-
brate in advance by opening a clubhouse
and holding a festival.

So far as the Friars know[jthey are the
very first organization to grow in eight
months to the point where {t is proper to
have a cigar and a cigarette named for
them, a weekly paper, @ song and Friars
all over the country

The first festival of the Friars comes off
on May 14 at the New York Theatre, but
it is expected that the new olubhouse of
the order will be ready for occupancy on
May 1, when the Friars will be just ten
months old.

Besides giving a number of midnight
supper parties in honor of persons more
or less distinguished in the monastic life
of Broadway, the Friars have been doing
other things to stimulate their growth,
with the result that there are now by actual
count 818 Friars, headed by Wells Hawks,
the abbot. Not all the Friare hail from
New York. e

Being a more or fess ubiquitous bunch,
these Friars, tt was found necessary to ex-
tend the scope of the Friars beryae Broad-
way. There is a committee of thirty Friars,
called the Itinerant Friars, who have been
looking after the work outside of New
York, which may account in a manner for
the way in which the Friars have grown.
Now there are Chicago Friars and several
other varieties of Friars, and when Frida
night comes, and the Friars have tried a
the week to be good, simultaneous gather-

are held in this city and in

ol the country where two or
Friars happen to be assembled. The
paper, publiened by the Friara is called
he Friare’ E . It comes out weekly
the news of the

buf any child oan sing it ©
Cooke wrote the words for it and Viotor
Herbert the music. The song was born

and dedicated at the uet given by the
Friars to Mr. Herbert last May, and it is sung
whenever the Friars assemble.

weeeg
Het
:
;
z
‘

=
-
=

z
i
&

a

oe eee

elect, who is.a daughter |

|
|
|

The Master Work

|

 

{
|
|
|

e 1 -
ae ie ee Ce et ell

from 50c. SCOTCH DHURRIES,
TWO TONED, 48. MORRIS
DUCK, MOTTLED, 48, _

All for Personal Selection Only.
9 West 42nd St. At the Sign of the
Opposite Libr “Popular Shop.”

 

‘of Chippendale

Is given a prominent place
in the showing of dining
room = furni-
ture at our
23rd street
store, This
illustration
represents @
large chair
with cabriole
legs, ball and claw feet and
shell carving. Throughout
the entire collection of nu-
merous designs the dependable Schmitt
quality prevails.

Schmitt Brothers,

urniture Makers 40 East 23d.

stablished 1458

Also Antiques and Reproductions at

 

Avenue Rooms

Incorporated
Nos, 983-34) 4th av., 8. E. Borner 25th st,
HEVRY A HARTMAN. Auctioneer
Now on Exhibition
A large aggregation of

Antique and Modern

Furniture

About 150 pieces reed and willow Sofas,
Chairs, Tables, suitable for country homes;
also a private collection of Chinese and
Japanese Poroelains, Pottery, carved Wood
Specimenta, &c.

Oil Paintings, Oriental Floor Coverings,
Louis XV. Suites, specimens of Chippendale
and Colonial Furniture, &c.;
to be sold on
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday,
April 28, 20, 90 and May 1,

at two o'clock each day. ©

eee
All Hair on Face and Arms
on permanently re-

moved; no electricity, 4
AMUSEMENTS.

poison, pain; 3% years
RAR PAAAAANWVAAAARAE AAAAAAARAADAAAA AA a

reat ence.
tected by law,
treatment office.
Mth “bow! ef, NKLE. ac S
A i H

r

 

    
   
  

MME. JULIAN
128 Fifth Ave,
(20th St.)
‘sud Wit
JON, Ha in "A ‘AND, N EVERY
Ine VEDMAKS THE RR?

R
A
DE MUTHS' & HARK

RANK busi

-
i hat utd Bn

  

4 .

  

 
    

  

Women’s Outer Wraps ~

UNUSUALLY LARGE ASSORTMENTS OF IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC
GARMENTS POR ALL OCCASIONS ARE NOW BEING SHOWN, ALSO
TO-MORROW THE FOLLOWING

Exceptional Values

BROADCLOTH EVENING WRAPS, .
in a variety of colorings, at *49,50, 59,50
Values $65.00 and 75.00

 

 

SATIN CAPES, silk lined throughout, Value $39.75, 29.78 |
AUTOMOBILE AND STEAMER COATS, New Models
of Blue Serge, lined throughout with polka dot silk, 28,80

Value $45.00

Summer Silk Dresses —

A great variety of Shirt Waist, Princess and Jumper Models im
and elaborate designs, of Foulards, Pongees, Messalines, Plein ane
Stripe Taffeta Silks and Voiles,

At Prices Ranging from \ 314,75 to 54,80 |
§ :

An Important OfferingJTo-morrow
THREE ENTIRELY NEW STYLES AT SPECIAL PRICES
PRINCESS DRESSES, ef Dotted Foulard with lace yoke
y 538,00

and sleeves, trimmed with plain silk in contrasting shades,
Actual Value $54.50

PRINCESS DRESSES, of Rough Silk in new shades,
trimmed with lace and sottache embroidery, '

Actual Value $49.50

PRINCESS DRESSES, of Black and White Check
with tucked chiffon yoke and sleeves trimmed with large

Actual Value $40.00

30,00

rare 27.50

buttons,

Sale of Dress Silks

Another collection of

6500 Yds. Plain Shantung Pongees,

high lustre, 26 inches wide, in natural,
brown, navy, tan, ivory and white,

Regular Price $1.00 Yard

4500 Yds, Chefoo Pongees,

su r quality, 25 inches wide, in navy,
ae gabelin, natural and black,

Regular Price $1.25 Yard

« 63°:
- 1P:

 

Colored & Black Dress Goods
At Decided Reductions
2000 Yds. Imported Spring Tailor Suitings,
Formerly $1.35 to 1.75 Yard Reduced to @8°

2500 Yds. Imported Black Voiles and
Shadow Stripe Mohair, ¥
at 78°

Formerly $1.10 and 1.25 Yard

Special Offering of
Cotton Dress Fabrics

Consisting of a large assortment of

French Finish Chiffon Voiles,

in chevron stripes, foulard designs and
embroidered figures, in the most desirable colors,
Actual Value 35c Yard

«14

 

Misses’ and Girls’ Apparel

At Reduced Prices

MISSES’ AND JUNIOR SUITS, weve ae
d materials, one hu and fifty suits taken
trom regular stock to close out, 14 and 16 yrs, $13.50 t 59,50

Heretofore $19.75 to 75.00 .

MISSES' DRESSES, of plain or stripe taffeta, Jum;
Model or with lace yokes, full plaited skirt, 14 & iby, 12,80, 15.95

Values $16.50 and 19.75

GIRLS’ REEFERS, of plain blue cheviots, serges,
coverts ang fancy mixtures, unlined or lin
with fancy silk, 6 to 14 yrs,
Heretofore $7.75 to 16.75

CHILDREN'S COATS, of serges or cheviots,
in red, blue, tan and brown, Collarless’ or Notch

Collars, nicely tailored, 2 to 6 yrs,
Heretofore $5.25 to 19.75

$5.95 w 12,80

$3.95 13.50

 

ru

Moderate Priced Furnishings .

For Cottages, Camps, Bungalows, Clubs, Hotels, Etc.,

IN ARTISTIC STYLES, COMPRISING SWISS AND NET CURTAINS,
ORGANDIE SPREADS, DRAPERY STUPFS POR DOOR AND WINDOW
TREATMENT, WASHABLE COVERS IN DUTCH PRINT.

PORCH AND OTHER RUGS, TABLE AND BED LINENS, ETC.

SUGGESTIONS SUBMITTED FOR FITTING UP OF ROOMS, SUITES OR
COMPLETE HOMES. A RBPRESENTATIVE WILL CALL
UPON REQUEST.

Furniture Slip Covers, Awnings and Window Shades.

 

 

West Twenty-third Street

   

HERE’S A TRICK
| in buying. ‘We'll give you the full benefit, We bought
|the materials at half price and we'll sell them at half .
| price, The’ finest unfinished worsteds, Coat and

Trousers, to order, $17. The style and tailoring must

be perfect,
Samples given or forwarded to any address.

ARNHEIM

Broadway @ Ninth St.

“NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.
Advertisements tor THE SUN and THE EVENING BUN may
be left at any Awericau District Messenger office in the olty.

   
 
 

hs :

a 4, ‘ Sace
~

.

ies ti ee re 1% Uiahh 5 dew tee eat sob ila aala a haat bie ek ihe aah aid
STONE RRR FERTIL LARA TNS BNE a ap EPs OES ,
BE Bees i al ata hake ee ia