ss

VY] y

WEATHER

 

Fair and warmer to-day

to-morrow

rain and colder; southerly winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 52; lowest, 35.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on’ page 8.

cd

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 212.

 

++

Oye

ae oe

 

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MARCH 31,

 

 

MAYOR ENGAGES

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FORGIVEN BY FRANCE

 

 

 

* DEPERDUSSIN,FORGER,"

 

 

 

1917.— copyright, 1917, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation.

 

Kleewhere
TWO CENTS.

ONE CENT tm Greater new rork, {

 

 

 

BRITISH GAIN ON CALL WAR POLL |U..S. BEGAN WAR, SA YSZIMMERMANN;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘and |
° |
‘| | Five Year Sentence of Air-
plane Constructor Remited. ILSON DECIDES FOR AGGRESSION;
Paris, March 30.—Armand Depetdus: | .
BEFORE SENATE sisisnsci Satara 2 2 CABINET APPROVES HIS COURSE
wrapattlement in connection with his alr(Germans, Driven Back a}German Americans Backing
| ES ee aay tne Aaeae Court «| Mile on Somme, Lose 3 Move in Town's Annual rr Wo
’ : | sentenced to fi in prison The! , , ‘ i
A Wagner Has Untermyer and rentence was “remitted. Immediately. More Villages. Election. German Foreign Secretary 40 Americans Captive in Germany Message to Congress Will
Mme, eperdussin, 8 wile an Cc o} e
Hearing Promises to fondant, was acquitted. | on - 1. « | Makes Explanatory Speech Urge Positive Policy
5 w Deperdus- ‘ : SK e Positive Policy
oi Witnesses had testified tnat Deverdus; | FRENCH ALSO PROGRESS} INQUIRY STARTED BY U. 8. : Pp ry spe COPENHAGEN, via London, March 30—More than forty Ameri || x
Be Long One. | Searrene a Gan tes ee Tira that. the | In Reichstag. cans were among the prisoners taken to Germany by the German | Against Germany.
| French onaineers were able to obtain re: | Fierce Artillery Engagement} Secret Service Agents Investi- || Commerce raider Moewe, according to Jack Benson, an American sea-
vee eo ices ree ee a ee es ies @ _ . ee |] man, who has arrived here. The Americans, he says, are held as .
7 RULES GIVE LATITUDE|*’ Stine tik Coen ae, ON On Between St. Quen- | gating Activities in Fore- | HE ANSWERS SOCI ALIST | prisoners of war in Germany. BACKED BY THE PEOPLE
tn the war. tin and La Fere. ing Referendum. | Benson, who for a time was a fellow prisoner of the men now
‘ . Avtaand Deperdussin, avister, airplane Ad || held in Germany, says that almost ld of the forty men were horsemen
ay i i construct d race patron, was é i ; i &“ . || aboard the horse transport Esmeraldas, which was sunk by the Magewe. i ‘
Rockaw ay Lant Legis ation arrested ‘n August, 1813, charged. with Lonson, March 30.—While compara-| WasHINeton, March 30.—Americans of mits Sending Instrue The only exception wien Benson was able to mention wen an Ameri. Returning Senators and
-xv , £ orgery and breach of trust. In Se “| tive quiet continues on the southern] pro-German and pacifist stripe have now i ” Ses | : " Ser Awe
May Not Be Only Topic ae ane = Seeuan ie wen: senrud part of the Hindenburg line in France | gone so far in Wisconsin as to force a tions to Representative Se cee” who was aboard the British armed merchantman Representatives Assert
i that ficial inquiry into his affairs} Occupied by the French the British are} war referendum in the town of Monroe | on J . =
Discussed. showed. that his debts amounted fo $3.- pushing forward vigorously toward its} of such ebeenntee. that ite ‘tous can- | ’ in Mexico. The Americans captured, with the British | crews, at last ac- | Action Is Indorsed.
Naas wiibal Dak ‘a on, aiepinee Geter northern part. British troops occupled| not but be an apparent victory for the counts were ina ee ater in aurea a a. ne been ot from ||
» 72) ‘ titi t Salisbury, England, and in| three villages to-day, advancing on &/German standpoint over that of the as || the Moewe three days after her arrival at Kiel. Benson owes his re- : 7
MILLS IN CONFERENCE beptaraber, 1913, an altplane constructed front of six miles a distance of a mile.| American Government. As a result, the; JUSTIFIES HOSTILE ACT | jease to the fact that he was serving on the unarmed Norwegian bark | HOUSE PREPARES TO ACT
oe o ae ed The three villages taken were Ruyal-| Department of Justice is investigating '] Staut. |
Bi court, Sorel-le-Grand and Fins, all on a/ the whole affair. i
y : z | Benson shipped on the Staut at Norfolk, Va, for a voyage to the
Prosecution Meets Setback in of is ateet ane eanttanene hieea es yeeree cate 2 » oes S Mir ceraate Al- || south Georgia Islands with coal and provisions for the whaling fleet. || Legislative Calendar Will Be
iles from Cambrai! and St. Quentin. : ‘ ance Planned Only in —_|| The Staut was returning to Queenstown with whale oil when she ran || :
Not Finding Mitchel Letter ALL U § WORKERS It hat this fight! f the | reting out just such German schemes to Il: & ai ; Cleared and President's
& mine euarecnt an mee of tee | fighting undermine the unity of the United States Event of War. into the St. Theodore, a British st eamer, which had been captured :
on Assessment. N PY HUNT 4 the rand en Me peed ee th aoe in the crisis, would give no information |] and armed and equipped as an auxiliary cruiser. The St. Theodore, Proposals Rushed.
| juadvance guard fet Seek to thelr main |to-Might of reports he may have re- || after making an independent cruise in which she captured and de-
{ line. ceived from agents in Monroe. It is} LONDON, March 30.—Dr. Alfred Zim- | stroyed the Staut, rejoined the Moewe February 12 and was sunk.
Mayor Mitchel yesterday engaged | ’ fame eer an Lirias oe eon an- | known, however, that a thorough investi- | ™ermann, the German Minister of For- | The Moewe, according to reports from Berlin, took 593 prisoners Wasuinctox, March 30.—America
nounced is not great, in x- ’ % S ; ; ; '

Se oe ee eee perce Appeals Also Made to Local | tremety important portion of the line, ware DHL NS Faves tore the Bigeee ys. eth te a oie a Eeeesnate ae to Germany. Fifty-nine American seamen taken to Germany by the || Wl! throw her sword into the scales _
attorney in the Senate proceedings next the Vregny-Margival front northeast of | Nections and supposed loyalty of those ne on. treida, || prize ship Yarrowdale were released by Germany on March 10 and |{@8@inst Germany if Congress responds
> ht eke ie dl agendas poe Police Throughout Coun- Solssons. That the French are still, gt Sas Se nTOe WHO SEW KemponttNls | Clared war cn Germany when President }|) F ‘ : to the will of President Wilson.
that body in Albany as a result of mak- i progressing there shows that Gen. Ni- hie cine first time that the often Wilson requested neutral nations to ded] S10 OH CELE WEY 8O'th Witter Sraive. With his mind made up and a tenta-

BH ine charges against Senator Robert r.| try to End Espionage. Valle has not actually dropped i's Plan | agitated referendum has been attempted | "élations with Berlin. P

 

Wagner. The Mayor took this action | -
after a long conference with Lamar 4
Hardy and other close friends, WASHINGTON, March 30.—The entire
Senator Wagner has retained Samuel force of the Federal Government's civil-
Untermyer to represent him, and it was /@n employees, approximately vein
has been summoned to
learned last night that the Senate has'™en and women, oO |
‘ a the n the remainder of the new front, This referendum, concelved by pro- . Ini 3 j
decided to engage Nathan L. Miller,|!d the Bureau of ran tee a tes | 70m St. Quentin to Laon, there were; Germans in a pro-German locality, ig | (ne Situation with the United Btates, |
former Associate Judge of the Court of | Secret service in the detection pleS | great artillery fights, especially in the | obviously aimed at casting an aspersion | Dr. Zimmermann, replying, said: |

Jot | and the apprehension of persons engaged | region of St. Quentin and La Fere. Ger-/ on the United States for daring to resent! “I wrote no letter to Gen. Carranza. 1|
Appeals, to aan after re a — jin plots, intrigues or other activities{ man artillery bombarded the French! German aggressions. 1 merely addressed, by |
since the Sulzer impeachment tr as against the United States. | first line, especially those portions of | :
such an array of legal talent appeared | In addition, the Government has| it that reach

 

200 ON RAIDER'S VICTIMS ARE SAVED.
RIO JANEIRO, March 30.—The French bark Cambronne has ar-
rived here with 200 men of the crews of various steamers and sailing
ships sunk by a German raider off the Island of Trinidad. They re-

ported that many sailors from the sunken vessels were drowned. that he had decided upon his course
The rescued sailors, who are French, English and Italian, report |of action. A positive and aggressive.
|

that the raider is an armed sailing ship with a gasolene motor. They pon Peney is to ve this Government's
say the raider showed the Norwegian flag and when it sighted a ship ra Ve GSEESHy'e ROCURUIRUVS Game
signalled it to approach. As soon as the ship obeyed the signal the

tive draft of his message to Congress
before him, the President made it clear
to-day to his Cabinet meeting for the
}last time before Congress assembles

According to Reuter’s Amsterdam cor- |

new German line on the right wing of | 0” the question of peace or war. It is |
| respondent, Herr Zimmermann made this

the old, at the same time pushing | !8nificant that it comes from the middle

toward the envelopment of the St. Go- | West, the section about which there has | gect:
bain forest. P © been the most misgiving in Administra- | Soeenur: Ment S300 saneew Jenuet Or

{tion quarters. So brazen a move in this thé Socialist minority in the Reichstag, |
Great Artillery Fights. | Sanaa but be viewed with ap-| had remarked that the German offer oF |
prehension. an alliance with Mexico had aggravated |

of lawlessness. The President and his
| advisers believe that Congress will be

'
: : | Was not so naive.
No information can be given out at,

fet, ok ee

 

at a public hearing.

This was taken yesterday to mean that
the examination of the Mayor may last
a@ week and perhaps longer. When the
Senate recently voted to throw down the
bars and permit the Mayor to be bom-
barded with questions from members of

determined to fight the matter to the end
an@ to expose every detail of the Rock-
away land controversy. He has made

up his mind, his friends say, not to quit,

Albany until he has had a chance to say
what he wants to say, and judging from
the Mayor's attitude this will take much
time

Mayer Gets Summons,

/ (he Mayor was served yesterday
morning at his apartment on Riverside
Drive with a subpeena to appear before
the Senate. Charles Hotaling, sergeant-
at-arms of the Senate, personally
served the summons. The Mayor an-
nounced that he had been served when
he arrived at City Hall. He wore a
broad emile, and when asked if he had
changed his att{tude on the matter

“I will be at the bar of the Senate
promptly at noon Tuesday. That is all
I have to say for the present.”

The Mayor went to Atlantic City yes-
terday, where he will remain until Mon-
day. He appeared confident of the out-
come of the Albany trial and looked
anything but worried.

Senator Ogden L. Mills, a close per-
sonal friend of the Mayor, held a long

1

sought the active cooperation of the
police and detective forces of every town
and city of consequence. Hundreds of
letters requesting such cooperation have
been malled broaacast by the Depart-

iment of Justice, and replies pledging

the Senate, the Mayor, it is understood, |

|
}

unstintéed ald are coming in great num-
bers by telegraph and mail.
The largest single force which the

| Government has enrolled in its nation-

|

wide spy hunt, with the possible excep-
tion of the municipal police and detec-
tive forces, Is the army of postmasters,
all of whom have~—been instructed to
permit no clue as to the id
suspected individuals and thé!
ties to go unreported.
masters are working the letter carriers
in the cittes and the rural free delivery
carriers in the country, a force all
told of about 300,000 men.

Instructions to the Federal employees
cali for the prompt reporting to desig-
nated authorities of all information no
matter how minor it appears, which
might seem to furnish clues in ferreting
out agents of foreign Governments. Under
this head come letters passing through
the mails,
heard scraps of conversation.

WILHEIM “THE FAITHFUL.”

Many Petitions to Reichstag Re-
quest Title Be Conferred.

AMSTERDAM, via London, March 30.—-
According to

 

conference with Mr. Mitchel yesterday ; 5,000 petitions have been placed before
at City Hall. He left the executive | the Reichstag. A large number of these

offices smiling confidently. In reply to
& query as to what kind of entertain-

|

request that the Reichstag confer upon
Emperor Wiliiam the title of “The Faith-

ment would be presented in the Senate | ful” so that it may go down in the his-
‘tory of the age associated with him.

mext Tuesday, Senator Mills said:

“We started out with a three ringed
circus. Now it has got down to two.
Maybe it will eventually be reduced to
a one ring affair.”

He declined to explain just what he

meant by this, but volunteered the infor- |
|

mation that the sentiment of the Senate
was becoming more and more favorable
te the Mayor.

‘The report from Albany Thursday that

}

i

The Reichstag petition committee wil)
discuss the suggestion.

GERMAN FLOUR SUBSTITUTE.

Chemists Make It Out of Linden
and Beech Buds.
BERLIN, via London, March 30.—Ger-

 

 

 

 

i out dangerously close
to German positions. |
most of which have now been brought |

up to the new line, answered energet- |

teally. The infantry stayed in the;
trenches, '
In the Champagne, however, the |

French fantassins were not idle. There}
they delivered just such a counter at-|
tack as was made yesterday at Verdun, !
which at one blow set at naught the
results of a carefully planned German
attack: of Wednesday. The French re-|

| captured all the first Iine trenches in|

tity of | Pagne
“activi. | that da “in an attack that was hatied |
Under the.post-

 

telegrams and even over-!

|
|
|
|
|

the Berlin newspapers |

Mayor Mitchel had written a letter Bome | man chemists have discovered a method |

time ago to the Tax Department asking
it to increase the assessment on the
property of the Rockaway-Pacific Com-
pany, was found to be utterly unfounded
yesterday. Lawson Purdy, president of
the Tax Board; John J. Halloran, Tax
Commissioner of Queens, and Mayor
Mitchel branded the report as absolutely
untrue. It is understood Mr. Unter-
myer was prepared to demand a copy of
the letter from the files of the Tax De-
partment, but abandoned this action
when he discovered no euch letter had
ever been written. It was the conten-
tion of Senator Wagner's friends that
the letter had been written just before
the Government indicated its intention
of acquiring the land for a fortification
site.

Suspect Mayor Has Joker.

The utmost confidence prevails at the
City Hall that the Mayor will come out
victorious and there are many hints
thrown out that the Mayor has “some-
thing up his sleeve” that will cause even
@ greater sensation than hie original
charge that Senator Wagner appeared to
be working more in the interests of the
German Government than in the interests
of the United States in the Rockaway
matter.

Mr. Hughes has represented the city
in the West Side plan controversy, He
has given three opinions for the city
on various phases of the project and
also represented the Mayor and other
City officials in asking the Supreme
Court to grant a writ of prohibition to
circumvent the recent decision of Justice
Cropsey ordering the Mayor and other
Officials to appear before him for a pub-
me examination on details of the con-

The Mayor will leave New York Tues-
day morning on the Empire State Ex-
press, arriving in Albany at 11:30. He
Will go direct to the Senate chamber, He
will be accompanied by Mr. Hughes and
z me delegation of friends and city ofi-

8.

It was rumored last night that Martin
W. Littleton had also been engaged by
the Mayor to ussist Mr. Hughes, No
Cenfirmation of this report could be ob-
tained. Mr. Littleton declined ¢o dis-
@a@s the rumor, but some of the Mayor's
friends said they did not think it was
true because of Mr, Littleton’s politica)
affiliations.

"Little Grandmother” te Be Free.

WasHINaTon, March 30.—Great prep-
rations for the return from exile fn Bt-
beria of Mme. Breshkoshkaya, “little

 

Grandmother of the revolution,” were re-
Vrancis

Petrograd.

Ported

to-4
be in progress at

|

  

for making a flour substitute out of
linden and beech buds.

They say the substitute has the nutri-
tive value of barley flour, with four
times its fat percentage.

RHEIMS BOMBARDED AGAIN.

401 Shella Were Thrown Into City
by Germans on Wedneaday,

Paris, March 30.—The city of Rheims
has been the object of special attack on
the part of German artillery in the past
few days.

On Wednesday 401 ehells were thrown
into the city.

TWO HAMBURG LINE
PIERS TAKEN BY CITY

Turned Over to Government
—Relieves Congestion.

 

 

 

 

 

R. A. Cy. Smith, Commissioner of
Docks and Fvrries, announced last night
that he had taken over two unused
piers of the Hamburg-American Line,
one at the foot of West Twenty-fifth
street, Manhattan, and the other at the
foot of Thirty-third street, Brooklyn,
and had turned them over to the Fed-
eral Government,

The lease of the piers was ceded back
to the city after long negotiations be-
tween Commissioner Smith and officials
of the Hamburg-American Line,

The ships, which were tied up at the
piers until eighteen months ago, are
now at a dock at 185th street and
the North River. The Dock Commis-
sioner endeavored to get back the’ piers
because the crowded condition of the
harbor made more loading and discharg-
ing space essential.

The North River pier has been turned
over to the Panama Railroad Company,
which is owned by the United States
Government, and the Brooklyn pier to
the Luckenbach steamship line until
such time as the Government has need
of It. Comimssioner Smith, although
he would not say how much the deal
netted the city, admitted under ques-
tioning that it was “considerably over
$50,000.

 

Te Investigate Rusia.

WasuHInoTon, March 380,—Investiga-
tion of financia] and commercial condi-
tions in Russia and the Far East is to
be made immediately by the Department
of Commerce. A. W, Ferrin, editor of a

to | @nancial magazine, will undertake

work,

» ii dh Mh i ce A a

the region west of Maisons de Cham-!

rm that the Germans took on |
by mans as a grand offensive,
that was to accomplish wonders.

The German official statement to-day |
admits the retirement before the Brit-|
ish that the British War Office has}
announced for the last two or three|
daye in the general region west of Le!
Catelet. It also feports that’ Canadian |
troops attacked German trenches four |
times during the night east of Neu-|
vile St. Vaast, north of Arras, but;
were repulsed.

Text of Oficial Statements,

The official statements follow :

French Night Statement—To the
north of the Somme and between the
Somme and the Oise the enemy artil-
lery has bombarded several points on
our front line. Our batteries have
answered energetically. There has
been no infantry action.

To the northeast of Soissons we
have made progress i: the sector of
Vregny-Margival.

To the west of Maisons de Cham-
Pagne a spirited counter attack by
our troops permitted us to throw out
the enemy from the elements of
trenches in which he took a footing on
the 28th of March. During this
action we captured sixty-three prison-
ers,

There has been intermittent can-
nonading on the rest of the front.

Belgian—During the night a Belgian
detachment made an incursion into
the first German line at the bridge
of Steenstraete. Sharp fighting re-
sulted, in which severe losses were
inflicted on the adversary, who had to
abandon a few prisoners,

French Afternoon Statement—From
the Somme to the Aisne the night was
calm along our outposts. There were
no important events elsewhere on the
front, with the exception of patrol en-
counters and rather lively grenade
fighting in the sector of Maisons de
Champagne.

Germans Lose Three Villages.

British—We have occupied the vil-
lages of Ruyalcourt, Sorel-le-Grand
and Fins, and have gained ground,
after sharp fighting, in the neighbor-
hood of Heudicourt, where we took a
few prisoners. Early this morning a
hostile attack upon our positions south
of Neuville-Bourjenval was driven off
with loss,

We entered the enemy’s lines last
night at two points east of Neuville-
St. Vaast, infilcted casualties and se-
cured prisoners,

The artillery was active on both
sides at a number of points during
the day. East of Vermelles our heayy
artillery obtained several hits on a
German train.

German—On the Artois front the
artillery duel was lively. East of
Neuville-St. Vaast a Canadian regi-
ment four times attacked our positions
during the night. They were each
time repulsed with heavy losses. Some
prisoners remained in our hands.

On both aides of the road from Pe-
ronne to Fins our protecting troops,
after an engagement with stronger
British forces, gave way on the line of
Ruyalcourt-Sorel.

Northeast of Solasons French bat-
talions vainly tried to gain ground
near Neuville and Margival. Our out-
posta repulsed them, inflicting upon
them heavy losses.

On the Aisne-Marne Canal group-
ings between Sapigneul and Laneuville
indicated an attack in preparation,
which was held down by our batteries,

In the Champagne as well French
troops held in readiness for an attack
were efficiently shelled,

In Parroy forest, on the Lorraine
front, our raiding detachments
brought back thirteon prisoners from
hostile trenches.

$60,000,000 Aid by France.

Paris, March 30.—The Government
introduced in the Chamber of Deputies
to-day a supplementary appropriation
bill for 300,000,000 francs ($60,000,000).
The money is to be used for agricultural
ald to the invaded districts, including
those recently evacuated by the
Germans. r

y

Deiat 5 i

     

the Department of Justice regarding this

intrigues of pacifists and pro-Germans
elsewhere which the Department's agents
are investigating.

 

 

yy”
.

“SHAME OF WISCONSI!

Loyal Residents of Monroe Thus
Brand German Plan,

 

of Wisconsin” is what a letter from
Milwaukee, signed by a dozen residents
calling themselves loyalists, calls the
Monroe referendum over war, which will!

j be held next Tuesday, when the annual

municipal election is held. The letter,
addresse@ to the Mayor, is representa-
tive of scores of letters which have
come protesting against the holding of
the referendum.

The secret service has taken an in-
terest in the affair. Three agents ar-
rived yesterday to begin an investigation
of the motives back of the referendum.
The objections are not so much to the
fact that a referendum is to be held as
to the pro-German manner jin which
the questions are phrased, for instance,
the question:

“Is it more of a violation of inter-
national law for Britain to mine the
North Sea than for Germany to declare
a submarine blockade?”

In other words the referendum is
only on the German arguments, and not
on the pretense that it is an equitable
statement of the situation. The entire
elght questions do not reveal that a sin-
gle American life has heen lost, plac-
ing more emphasis on the British seizure
of the mails than on submarine activi-
ties.

The emergency peace league has taken
up the 4ght, and plans to have speak-
ers here the last few days of the cam-
paign, Sunday and Monday. Who the
speakers will be is not known. Judge
Becker, who framed the referendum, is
American born of German parents. The
sentiment is such that there is likely to
be a conflict. There have been several
isolated fights, indicative of the fuss
that has been stirred by the referen-
dum scheme.

Sedition is what the bulk of the Amer-
ican born population calls the referen-
dum questions, The referendum is likely
to be favorable to the German element,
as the city is made up of nearly 80 per
cent, of German-Swiss born or first gen-
eration Americans. The forces advocat-
ing the referendum include Judge J. M.
Becker, Probate Court, who asked that
it be held; Prosecuting Attorney Sam
Blum and Assessor of Incomes I. M.
Stauffacher. Blum says the war was
forced on the United States to make
more millions for Morgan. Three ex-
Mayors with non-German names are op-
posing the referendum questions,

BLOCK RECRUITING.

Organized Agents Attempt to Foil
Enllatments in Army.

MILWAUKRE, March 30.—An organized
attempt to hinder recruiting in Milwau-
kee has been uncovered by the authori-
ties, and city detectives and Federal
agents are cooperating in fighting it,

The interference with recruiting, which
is blamed in some quarters on the So-
clalists, has not resulted in any arrests
so far, but those approaching young men
to urge them not to join the army, navy
or National Guard have been warned

away. Their places have been taken
by other strangers. The military and
naval organYzations have headquarters

in one bullding to conduct a united re-
cruiting campaign.. Apparently the
enemies of recruiting have formed an
organization.

Gov. Philip to-day ordered the Mil-
waukee companies of the Nationa] Guard
which have not yet been ordered
mobilised to place guards around their
armories,

“ENGLAND IN DEADLY PERIL.”

Right Hes. William H. Fisher
Urges National Service for All.

LonpDoN, March 80.—The Right Hon,
William Hveyea Fisher, Parliamentary
Secretary to the Local Government
Board, in an address at Hull to-night
sald it was not an exaggeration to say
that the country was in deadly peril at
the present moment.

“We must have national service for
everybody,” said Mr, Fisher, “We did
not intend to etand more than three
years of war. Germany's idea was to
starve us out before we could knock her
out. What we want is to. knock the
enemy out this year, and we are be-
ginning to do it.”

 

 

a route that appeared to me to be aj}

The French guns,’ German scheme, nor regarding similar! safe one, instructions to our representa- |

/tive in Mexico. It is being investigated
| how these instructions fell into the hands
| of the American authorities. I instructed
| the Minister to Mexico, in the event of
‘war with the United States, to propose a
{German alliance to Mexico, and simul-
| taneously to suggest that Japan join
ithe alliance. I declared expressly that,

| America would maintain neutrality,
“My instructions were to be carried
out only after the United States de-

}

clared war and a state of war super- |

I believe the instructions were
| absolutely loyal, as regards the United
States. Gen. Carranza would, up to
| the present, have heard nothing of it !f
the United States had not published the
| instructions, which came Into its hands
in a way which was not unobjectionable.
| Our behavior contrasts considerably
| with the behavior of the Washington
| Government.

| “president Wilson after our note of
January 31, 1917, which avoided all ag-

vened.

| gressiveness in tone, deemed it proper |

\ immediately to break off relations with
| extraordinary roughness. Our Ambas-
| eador no longer had the opportunity to
| explain or elucidate orally our attitude.
Th
clined to negotiate with us. On the other
hand jt addressed itself immediately to
all the neutral Powers to {Induce them
to join the United States and break
8.
eo unprejudiced person must see
lin this the hostile attitude of the Amer!-
}can Government, which seemed to con-
| elder it right, before being at war with
us, to set the entire world against us.
It cannot deny us the right to seek al-
Hes when it b itself practically de-
, clared war 0B us.”
{
|

 

  

Short Indignation in America.

“Herr Haase says it caused great in-
dignation in America. Of course in the
first instance the affair was employed as
an incitement against us. But mean-
while the storm abated slowly, and the
calm and sensible politicians and also
the great mass of the American people
saw there was nothing to object to in
these instructions in themselves. I re-
fer especially to the statements of Sena-
tor Underwood. Even at times newspa-
pers felt obliged to admit regretfully
that not so very much had been made
of this affair.

“! was reproached for thinking just
of Mexico and Japan. First of all, Mex-
ico was a neighboring State to America,
If we wanted allies against America
Mexico would be the first to come into
consideration. The relations between
Mexico and ourselves since the time of
Porfirio Diaz have been extremely
friendly and trustful. The Mexicans,
moreover, are known as good and effi-
clent soldiers,

“It can hardly be eaid that the rela-
tions between the A’nited States and
Mexico have been friendly and trustful,
but the world knows that antagonism
exists between America and Japan, I
maintain that these antagonisms are
stronger than those which, despite the
war, exist between Germany and Japan,

Mexico and Japan Friendly.

“When I also wished to persuade Car-
ranza that Japan should join the al-
Hance there was nothing extraordinary
{in this. The relations between Japan
and Mexico are long existent. The Mex-
icans and Japanese are of a like race
and good relations exist between both
countries,

“When, further, the Entente press af-
firms that it is shameless to take away
allies, such reproach must have a pe-
culiar effect coming from Powers, who,
like our enemies, made no scruple in
taking away from us two Powers and
peoples with whom we were bound by
treaties of more than thirty years, The
Powers who desire to make pliant an old
European country of culture like Greece
by unparalleled and violent means can-
not raise such a reproach against us.

“When I thought of this alllance with
Mexico and Japan, I allowed myself
to be guided by the consideration that
our brave troops already have to fight
against a «uperior force of enemies
and my duty is, as far as possible, to keep
further enemies away from them, That
Mexico and Japan suited that purpose
even Herr Haase will not deny.

“Thus, I considered it a patriotic duty
to release those instructions and I hold
to the standpoint that I acted rightly.”

The emergency budget voted tyes-
terday, the despatch adds, authorized

Continued on Second Page,

a

 

THE
. Weet
ly one aight from New York.—ddv,

e United States Government thus de-'

BRIER—White 58
ve Idea! time for nee

 

raider hoisted the German flag and opened fire.
The firing was continued until the crews surrendered. Then the
raider would take the sailors aboard and sink the ships.

 

‘PRUSSIAN JUNKERS U.§. RESERVE BOARD

 

| Germany
| Democratic Franchise, Says
\ Count von Roon.

'

| Special Cable Despatch to Tum Scx from the
London Times.

 

|
|
'
|

OPPOSE REFORMS SEEKS STATE BANKS,

Monroe, Wis., March 30.—"The shame | despite the submarine war, we hoped |

 

Would Be Ruined by | Mobilization Plan Is to In-

clude Them in Federal
System.

 

WASHINGTON, March 80,—Foremost in
the minds of the governors of the Fed-

Lonvon, March 30.—The debate onj|eral Reserve Board tn their preparations

constitutional reform in the upper house
of the Prussian Diet was mainly remark-
able for the strong opposition offered by
| the Conservatives to all proposals for
increasing popular rights.
ti8n is believed to have been responsible
for the Imperia] Chancellor's decision to
! postpone franchise reform until after the
war.

Gen. von Kleist began by denying that

| there Was any especial urgency about re-
| forms. He scoffed at the idea that the
;men in the trenches concerned them-
selves with the question of the Parlia-
mentary vote. For him any further
| democratization of State institutions
| meant restiictions of the rights of the
| Federal States, and any extension of
; Parliamentary rights meant restriction
of the rights of the Crown.

Every one in Prussia had freedom, he
said, except freedom to steal and mur-
der. “Hands off the old Prussia!” he
| exclaimed.

Count von Roon's Opinion,

Similar language was used by Count
von Roon, who declared that ‘our Prus-
sian fatherland, the heart of the (ier-
man Empire, would be ruined by a
liberal, democratic electoral] franchise.”

“My highest war aim {s to maintain
the Crown and monarchy as high as the
Heavens," he added.

Duke Ernst Gunther zu Schieswig-
Holstein repudiated these speakers as
not having spoken in the name of the
Conservative party, but the Dusseldorfer
Generalanzeiger pointed out two days
ago that there were no great differences
of opinion in the Conservative party.

Herr von Breitenbach, Minister of
Public Works, ostensibly defending the
Imperial Chancellor, insisted that re-
form, especially electoral reform, would
have to be postponed until after the war,
| The Koelnische Volkszettung says the
| proposal for a Reichstag universal fran-
chise in Prusela will never have a ima-
jority of the upper house and perhaps
not a dozen advocates. Emphasis is
laid on the need for postponement of re-
form.

In spite of many smooth utterances,
the most important feature of the debate
was that it was perfectly evident that
no serious reforms will be introduced

This oppost- |

a RS A

|

for the mobilization of the country’s

financial mower in event of war with
Germany, is a plan to have all of the
State banks and trust companies of the
country join the Federal reserve system
Ina body. United under Federal control,
the Government would then have at its
disposal the solid support of all financial
resources {!n the nation.

Up to the present time the plan las
hot been discussed except in an informal
way with the heads of large State insti-
tutions in the East, but tn Chicago the
plan has been approached in more definite
form and severa! of the large State in-
stitutions have signified their willing-
ness to enter the 6)stem once the sugges-

tion is made
_ Paul M. Warburg, a governor of the
Federal Reserve Bourd, is taking most

active part in the formulation of the plan
to have the State institutions join the
reserve system, He is especially anxious
to strengthen the reserve system. It was
at his suggestion, it w

Bank of England and the Bank of
France representatives of the reserve
system.

So far only thirty-five State banks and
trust companies in the United States have
enterea the Federal Reserve System,
but they are small for the most. part.
One of the most important State banks
to enter the system was the Corn Ex-

eange Bank of New York, which oper-
ates more than thirty-five branches and
has deposits of more than $100,000,000,

The board feels that if it can induce
some of the large trust companies in
New Yerk to enter the system there
will be no trouble in inducing the rest
of the State institutions of the country
to do so, To this end it is probable
that an effort will be made to tnduce

until military defeat has impressed all|lirge trust companies {n that city, at

elements of the reactionaries of the im-
possibility of further resistance.

Reminder to Chancellor.

The Tageblatt comments as follows on
Dr. von Bethmann-Hollweg's decision:

“It is a great pity that the prospect
of internal reforms now appears to have
taken the wrong path. The Chancellor
ought to have been reminded of his own
words, ‘A curse on the statesman who
fails to understand his own age or lets
slip his opportunity !'”

The Vossische Zeitung is quoted as
saying: “If the Government leaves us in
the lurch we shall have to help our-
selves. Parliament, as the representa-
tive of the people, must take reform

| into its own hands, Deeds by a reso-
lute Reichstag are of more weight
than the words of a feeble Chancellor.”

Dr, Peter Spahn, leader of the Cath-
olic Centre party, speaking in the
Reichstag debate, said that the mon-
archs of all the Entente nations were
| tottering on their thrones. Those who
had been forced to leave their coun-
tries would certainly have been de-
throned had they remained. Even the
Italian throne, he asserted, was un-
stable. If it came to blows with Amer-
{ca Germany would be found ready.

Gustay Noske, one of the Socialist
leaders, said he hoped the war loan
would be a complete success. He em-
phasized the fact that Germany had
not intended to conquer China, and
hoped that after the war good relations

Continued on Third Page.

as understood, that |
the board took action tn appointing the|

{ready for his message Tuesday.
| This message was characterized to-day
| by a member of the Cabinet as “strong

and vigorous and straight to the

on

 

point.”
Backed by Cabinet.

The reticence of Cabinet members to
discuss the Government's policy gave
way to-day to rather frank admission
as to its general character. There was
obvious relief that the Administration
had reached {ts decision and that ft
merely remained for Congress to reg-
ister its approval.

Among the members of the Cabinet
there was no dissent as to the plan of
action proposed. All were of one mind
@s to the necessity for aggressive steps
to meet Germany’s acts of lawlessness.
The President's message will leave Con-
ress no alternative except to follow the
Path pointed out by him or to retreat
{from the stand which this Government
has taken in defence of its rights.
| Preparations preliminary to the sub-
mission of the supreme national question
to Congress virtually have been com-
pleted. It now rests with the legislative
branch of the Government to determine
whether the policy upon which the Pree-
ident and his Cabinet have agreed shall
be carried out.

Prior to the

nasal)

| Cabinet meeting the
| President locked himself up in his study
,and began the preparation of his mo-

mentous message to Congress. Before
| beginning this task he went unaccom-

panied on a long imotor ride in pursu-

ance of his custom of turning over
jin his own mind and without disturb-
| ance the plan he had decided upon.

He ordered the chauffeur to drive any-

| where outside the city Iimits. In fol-
jlowing these instructions the chauffeur
took the machine to the Aqueduct
j Bridge, where a picture of preparedness
was unfolded to the President in the
armed sentries stationed to guard this
Government property. The sentries
{saluted in military fashion as the Preal-
dent passed. He returned the salute,

Belleve War Is Certain,

The genera) belief to-night is that
| the President will ask Congress to
| recognize that a state of war exists and
| has existed since Germany, in defiance

of this Government's warning, attacked
{the finst American ship under her barred
| zone decree, On this point nothing was

| forthcoming from to-day's Cabinet meet-
ing, other than the statement made by
iseveral of the members that the Presi-
| dent's message meant war with Ger-
| Many to a certainty,

Some members of Congress including
Representative Gardner, Massachusetts,
| believe the President will ask for u flat
declaration of war against Germany

| They base this on the ground that he ts

  

the (iuaranty Trust Company of New| ® close student of }istory, and partteu-
York, which Is the largest trust company | larly will desire this ioverniment's posi-
In the country, and the Bankers Trust | tion to stand the test of time. In this
Company, another important State in-) Connection Representative Gardner sald:
stitution, to enter the system. “If the President asks Congress to de-
It is sald that if the New York tnstf-] Clare that a state of war has existed
tutions decide to enter the Federal re-| ince the recent attacks ou American
serve system they will do so in a body. | ships he will be passing over the first
| In this case there likely will be several | {stance of illegal German attack on an
conferences between the heads of the} American ship—the Gulflight—with the
loss of Amertean lives.”

which the advantages and disadvantages Coincident with the President's mes-
of the system will be discussed. A State lage probably will come recommenda-
institution Joining the eystem ts required | t!0nS concerning measures to put the
to subseribe to 15 per cent. of its re-| 4mm and navy on a full war footing.
sources to reserve stock, while 18 per There was an indication to-day that the
j cent, is required of national banks, which President might include in his war mes-
became members of the system by the| S48e & proposal for some form of unl-
passage of the act, versul service as one of the steps to
sesiaimisesopieicmmesioeiumaaaseun gua meet the emergency This will not be

| SHIP OF MYSTERY part of the army bill. That bill, as it

 

Mongolia Reports Gray Vessel
in Atlantic Lane.

The Atlantic Transport liner Mongolla,
one of the Jargest transatlantic freight-
ers under American register, tn last
night from London, reported having en-
countered on Tuesday, about 1,000 miles
east of Sandy Hook, a mystertous steam-
ship painted gray, with one funnel and
two masts, which Capt. Emery Rice said
he suspected was a German raider,

Officers of the Mongolia said the gray
stranger came within half a mile of the
Mongolia and that her wireless waa
sending out messages in German code,

The Mongolia sailed hence through the
German submarine gone in February, af-
ter the inauguration of the sea war of
ruthlessness, with a big cargo of food-
stuffs, eluding the German U-boats. She
is unarmed. She ha@ the distinction of
being the first unarmed American steam-
ship to make a round trip between Eng-
land and America since the inauguration
of the unlimited German sea warfare,

|

4

| stood ut the last session, will be rushed
through to loosen much needed puree
strings and relieve the War Department
from embarrassment. Secretary Baker
sald that such measures as universal
| service, &c., would be separate measures,

| Defence Measures on List.
The President is also expected to ask

for a credit of §$500,000,000 and to sug-
gest prompt action on several. measures
which failed in the last Congress, includ-

ing the espionage bills and a necessary
! form of censorship, He will recommend

| preparations on a large scale for the de-
fence of the country
Among Administration leaders there {gs
still some misgiving lest there should be
, Opposition to the war plan which the

President will propose, and that although
{ts adoption ig all but certain there may
ybe a division in the ranks of the legis-
latora upon whom rests the constitu-

tional responsibility of declaring that a
state of war does or docs not exist.
But there were indications to-day that

the reaction against the most recent out-

 
 
  

burst of pacitisc ¢ Vity has set in, A
Cabinet member mmenting on the sit-
vation tn Congieas, bemeihed slaalt-
cantly that “everything would be all