SINS MEN
WANT BRUC

The Governor Out, His Kitchen
Cabinet Seeks to Stay
in Power.

|

PARSONS IS FOR HUGHES

  

eo

Delinite Announcement Made That
His Name Will Be
Presented.

 

qhe State OMecials Confident That They
Will Win —Parsons Demands a Candidate
Fqual to Hughes or Greater —Refuses
to Agree to the Bruce Suggestion —The
OW Bosses Sour—The Old “System”
of Selecting @ Candidate Seems to Be
in Force—Biack Dodges an Effort to
Dragoon Him Into Service—Higgins
Regards the Primaries as Vindication,

SanaToGa, Sept. 24.—-With the definite
retirement of Gov. Higgins as a candidate,
the political situation on the eve of the
Republican State convention has resolved
jtaelf into a determination of the Higgins
kitchen cabinet, on the one side, to nominate
Lieut-Gov. M. Linn Bruce, and the deter -
mination of Herbert Parsons, president of
the New York county committee, and those
who want a candidate of larger calibre, on
the other, to nominate Charles E. Hughes.

The kitchen cabinet and other office-
holders are afraid if they get away from
Bruce that the situation will get away from
them, and then that if the Republican nom-
inee for Governor should be accepted by
the people at the polls their influence in the
executive chamber at Albany will not be
conducive to their own interests.

Numerous up-State local leaders tried
unsuccessfully to-night to convince Mr.
Parsons that Bruce is big enough to meet
existing political conditions. Mr. Parsons

*eould not see it. He still insists that Mr.
Hughes represents the type of man needed
in this emergency. The Higgins advisers
do not think that Mr. Parsona’s refusal to
eccert Bruce will reach the stage of strong
opposition.

The Higgins people seemed encouaged
regarding the opposition to Bruce from
New York county when they learned there
was an abortiwe effort to secure a con-
ference of the New York county delegates
to-night on the Gubernatorial situation.
There was a talk, however, on this question
between Mr. Parsons and his district leaders.
In answer to all efforts to draw Mr. Parsons
away from Hughes he said that first there
vould have to be shown to him a candidate
as big as Mr. Hughes. Some of the up-
State leaders who are members of Gov.
Higgins’s counsel of advisers, but who are
hot as close to the Governor as Mr. Franchot
snd Mr. Hendricks, thought that Frank 8S.

Jieek would fill the requirements which
Mr. Perrons believes the candidate for
Governor should possess, but Mr. Parsons

could not see it that way

\s a matter of fact, there was much
Black talk all day. The ex-Governor has
many friends among the influential up-
Slate leadera. Some of them had talks
with Mr. Black to-night. Then they con-
éregated in the room of William Barnes,
Jr, the chairman of the executive com-
mittee of the Republican State committee.
In fact, Mr. Barnes’s headquarters were
about the only ones which presented a
feene of activity during the evening. Mr.
Black also was much sought after in his
Cottage, but he is a hard man to get en-
thusiastic over again entering public life.
He frankly told TH& SUN correspondent
that he did not want any part of the political
Pie to be distributed for himself. And yet
his friends went on to say that he would
be just the man to paint word pictures of
Mr. Hearst and his principles in a campaign
tour of the State.

More than one Republican here to-night
*rrowfully abserved that “The System” of
the Platt-Odell-Quigg machine governing
the selection of Republican State nominees
for office still existed, although the old
bosses had been retired at the primaries,
and that “The System” was dominant to
all present appearance in the selection of
the Republican State ticket to be voted for
at the polls in November. They went on
Woeay that it was too bad this system would
hot permit the nomination of a man who
has attained success in the business, finan-
cial or professional world.

These frequent expressions led Senator
Page, the vice-president of the New York
county Republican committee, to make the
emphatic declaration that the name of
E. Hughes would be presented to
the convention as a candidate. Mr. Bruce
= some of his personal friends to-night

t he expected to be the nominee for Gov-
ernor and that Gov. Higgins and his friends

the situation in hand. Appearances
to-night certainly looked that way.

It Was just two minutes of $ o’clook when
Gov. Higgins from the Exeouttve Chamber
«t Albany called Francis Hendricks on the
telephone at the United States Hotel here
and read to him the statement the Governor
‘ given to the newspaper men announc-

po his intention not to accept @ renomina-

— Not until Mr. Hendricka emerged
jaan, a booth was the state-

r. would not run agai:

accepted — Tr

i, Mr. Hendricks announced the Governor's
' with unconcern. Mr. Franchot

- waiting for Mr. Hendricks outside of
. telephone booth. The two talked for

moment and the

about his Way = SopEenias, cat going
ena aa
birawe,

 
  
     
   
   
   

of theirs.
the fact that Higgins had taken

 

as though the Governor's |

Cut of the situation became kyown

 

Se ESTE

every one wondered wha tack the members
of the Higgins kitchen cabinet would take.
Every one of thern said the situation would
| have to be canvassed. When preased for

 

something definite they had no suggestions
to make as to the head of the ticket, except

Lient.-Gov. M. Linn Bruce. The opinions |

) Of the members of the Governor's council

| Of advisers was a0 unanimous that thoas
! not upon the inside but who are in the

i habit of following convention slates like |
a flock of abeep took it for granted that |

Bruce was it and that the Governor and his
friends thought Mr. Bruce would best suit
their future political plans and purposes

Mr. Bruce came up from New York on
the boat last night to Albany, and this
morning he breakfasted with Gov. Higgins.
This afternoon Mr. Bruce continued bis
journey and reached Saratoga. He said he
was not ready yet to announce his candidacy
for Governor. He was here for a couple
of hours before the official announcemerit of
the Governor's declaration arrived. Dur-
ing those two hours not much attention was
paid to him.

KITCHEN CABINET DESIRES BRUCE.

{

After the news of the Governor's decision
was confirmed Mr. Bruce's rooms quickly
assumed the air of that of a confident candi-
date, One of the firat to call upon the
Lieutenant-Governor was State Forest, Fish
and Game Commissioner James 8. Whipple.
This was taken as significant by observers.
The members of the Higgins kitchen cabi-
net did not flock to the Bruce headquarters;
apparently the new situation was an old
one to them. That Gov. Higgins should
decide upon Mr. Bruce as his successor, 80
far as the nomination of the Republican
party for Governor is concerned, is not
surprising to those who have watched the
Governor's course in Albany.

Gov. Higgins is not an acute judge of
human nature in politics. Every one ia
Albany has remarked this for some time
when they have discussed the Governor's
characteristics. This is best illustrated by
the personal friends with whom the Gover-
nor has surrounded himself in politics, the
actions of whom in office have severely
damaged Gov. Higgins's own reoord.

Herbert Parsons, the president of the
New York Republican county committee,
had a long talk in Albany to-day with Gov.
Higgins trying to persuade him to run,
and so did Representative James W. Wacds-
worth. While Mr. Parsons, so far, has not
said he is openly opposed to Bruce, he does
not believe in sending a boy on a man's
errand, and thinks that the nomination of
Charles E. Hughes is the solution of the
situation which will confront the Repub-
lican party on election day.

PAGE TO SPEAK FOR HUGHES.

Mr. Parsons knows that Senator Alfred
R. Page, the viee-president of the New
York Republican committee, has a letter
from Mr. Hughes authorizing Mr. Page to

; make Hughes's position clear before the
| Convention should necessity arise. Mr.
| Page has had several talks with Mr. Hughes,
who told Senator Page that he would not
be a candidate for Governor against his
friends, Gov. Higgins and Senator Fred-
erick C. Stevens of Attica, Wyoming county,
who was chairman of the New York city
| gas investigating committee, of which

Mr. Hughes was the counsel. Mr. Hughes

also told Senator Page that he would not
| be a factional candidate, but he added
{ that he would accept the unanimous nomi-
| nation of the convention.
| When Senator Page had a talk with Mr.
Parsons after his return from Albany,
| he began to realize that the Bruce boom
| was more substantial than he thought.
| Senator Page, knowing Bruce and knowing
| the political situation, and also knowing
| the attitude of Charles BE. Hughes, had
not taken the Bruce idea seriously, simply
because he did not think President Roose-
velt or the Higgins friends of Roosevelt
could be induced to remain idle and permit
an ordinary officeholder’s ticket to be
thrust before the people by the Republican
party thie fall.

Even to-night Senator Page would not
admit that the convention could be so
shortsighted as to nominate Bruce and
he was actively engaged in rounding up
the New York city delegation for a confer-
ence, All this time the members of the
Higgins kitchen cabinet, beyond saying it
was likely to be Bruce, would not admit
that the thing was fixed up and were de-
claring the situation would have to be
canvassed at a conference of the local
Republican leaders throughout the State,
and yet their friends were saying that
Bruce would be the nominee for Governor,
Senator Horace White of Syracuse for
Lieutenant-Governor, Merton E. Lewis of
Rochester for Comptroller and that Attorney-

Mayer, State Engineer Van Alstyne,

Rtate Treasurer Wallenmeyer and Secretary
of State O'Brien would be renominated.

Although Mr. O’Brien said be did not want
to go on the ticket again his friends said
such a thing would happen. Senator
William D. Barnes of Rensselaer is the only
avowed candidate for Secretary of State
and he and Mr. O’Brien have the same
political backing, Frank 8. Black. So that
as far aa the office of Secretary of State is
conoerned there will be no quarrel between
the candidates. The delegates when they
realized that Higgins was out of it com-
menoed talking Woodruff again, but Wood-
ruff is in the game and is to be the chair-
man of the State committee.

PARSONS MAY SAVE THE Dar.

With the situation staring them in the
face those who thought the Republican
party should put its best foot forward
this fall in the naming of candidates on the
Btate ticket began to realize that there
was no one to fight for the nomination of a
big man for Governor unless it was Herbert
Parsons. They began to realize that the
ticket to be nominated at this convention
was to be framed up, with a purpose of per-
petuating the existing Republican régime
at Albany, which could not be accomplished
were a man of the Hughes type nominated.
They were told by the advisers of Gov. Hig-
gins that the Hearst situation in the Demo-
cratic party made it possible for them to
nominate just the kind of a ticket they
desired and that its success was as certain
as the arrival of election day.

As a matter of fact the Higgins leaders
showed more interest to-day in the Demo-
cratic situation at Buffalo than they did
in the declination of Gov. Higgins or the
continued expressions of delegates that a
tieket ~hould be nominated which would
be sure of plain sailing in any kind of
political weather. Suggestions of Hughes

 

Continued on Third Page.

uneeemenmntene
| Alter ail, Usher's the Seoton
| gnat made the highball famous.—Ads.

 

 

|. TRAINS TO TRENTON FAIR
ve Peee asks Ratiroad. Leave New York

September 26, 7:25 and 4:38 A. M.: September 27,

. Ms _ret ¢ convenient

CR as Soa acta we Tan ce
} York, See ate. — Ade,

 

++NEW

  

    
  
     

———

| MAlls BOMETO JACOB SCHIFF.

| TIN BOX FILLED WITH POWDER,
GUNCOTTON AND BULLETS.

|

| Matehes Arranged to Kxplede Device if
tid Had Kero Withdrawn —Phitadel-
phia Post Office Empleyee Macovers

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 23.--An_ infernal
| machine, addressed to “Jacob H. Schiff
of Kuhn, Loeb & Co., floor of the New York
Stock Exchange,” was found under a let-
ter box here this morning by a small negro
boy, who turned it over to a postman.

| It was very similar to an infernal ma-
chine which was mailed to the office of
Kuhn, Loeb & Co., in New York, August 18,
last year, the chief difference being that
the bomb found thie morning was rigged
up in @ amall tin box while the one which
was sent last year was in a wooden box.

David Campbell, a thirteen-year-old
negro boy, saw a carefully wrapped pack-
age lying under a letter box at Sunset and
Germantown avenues. The boy picked it
up and carried it to his mother. She saw
that it was addressed and intended evi-
dently for the mail. Mrs. Campbell told the
boy to take the box to the Chestnut Hill eub-
station of the post office. On the way to
the sub-station young Campbell met Henry
Salzman, a mail carrier, and handed the
package to him. Salzman took the boy to
the sub-station and Campbell explained to
Supt. Knight how the parcel came into his
possession.

Mrs, Campbell came hurrying into the
sub-station while Supt. Knight was talking
to her eon, and asked Knight not to be
hard on the boy, saying that he didn’t
know the package was intended for the

 

 

——

look to the superintendent of the sub-
station, and he decided to take a chance
and see what was inside the manila wrap-
pings.

Knight slashed a hole in the bottom of

| the package, through cover and all. Pow-
der streamed through the hole and Knight
wasted no time in sousing the package in

a buoket of water.

After it had soaked a while he took it
to the post office, where several inspectors
and Secret Service men made an examina-
tion.

It was about ten inches long and four
inches wide, perhaps an inch and a half high.
There were fifteen cents worth of postage
stamps on the cover, the stampe being ar-
ranged neatly.

The sender of the infernal machine had
refrained carefully from additessing the
package in his own hand. He had taken
Mr. Schiff’s name, evidently from a com-
mercial directory of some sort, and after
the name he had pasted a slip with the
printed words, “Kuhn, Loeb & Co., floor
of the New York Stock Exchange, New
York.”

At one end of the package was pasted a
bit of paper with the words “Bon Ami”
and a short holiday greeting in Hsbraw,
the latter phrase having been taken, ap-
parently, from a Jewish newspaper.

The package was wrapped with ordinary
yellow manila paper, and there was no
mark on the covering which gave the sligbt-
est clue to the identity of the man who ad-
dressed it. The manila paper was tied
neatly around a long, narrow and shallow

pasteboard box, the pasteboard box being
covered with red glazed paper.

A card on which was printed a Jewish
New Year's greeting was attached to a
string which was tied around the paste-
board box. This string was cleverly at-
tached to a tin box inside the pasteboard
box, the tin box being about the same
size and shape.

The bottom of the sliding lid of the tin
box and the bottom of the box were covered
with sandpaper. Ordinary parlor matches
were fixed vertically eo that they might be
expected to ignite if the lid was moved in
its grooves. Gunootton, black powder,
hand moulded slugs, bullets and buck-
shot nearly filled the tin box. Three paste-
board tubes full of powder were placed
just under the lid.

The ingenuity of what was rather a crude
and bunglesome contrivance lay in the
New Year's card attachment. It was so
arranged that merely picking up the card,
if a slight tug ahonld be given, might be
expected to move the slide, light the matohes
and explode the machine. The half dozen
parts of the tin box were all cut from sheet
tin and soldered together, apparently by
an amateur tinsmith. He had to make a
box especially for his purpose. ;

Besides the matches, guncotton, powder,
slugs and bullets, there were several cards
in the box, some of them colored and orna-
mented with scrolls. On one card was the
Jewish Torah, or sacred scroll, in which
was written the Ten Commandments.
Another card bore these words: ‘You atill
hold my warm regard and greetings. Tell
to one loved well now as of old.”

Post ()-e Inspector Williams declared
to-night that he had a clue that would
probably lead to the arrest of the sender
of the bomb. He said that a member of
the Russian Hebrew colony had called at
the Federal Building and told him of a
secret meeting of the radical section held
about ten days ago here. At this meet-
ing Mr. Schiff was roundly denounced by
a speaker who had recently come from
Russia for having given alleged secret aid
to the Czar in the Japanese war Kuhn,
Loeb & Co. floated the Japanese bonds,
but the orator declared that Mr. Schiff
was in constant correspondence with the
Caar’s Ministers. He made the same
charge against the Rotheohilds.

On August 18 last year, while Mr. Schiff
was at his country place at Bar Harbor, a
bomb was mailed to his office here. On
the same day a similar infernal machine
was mailed to the office of M. Guggenheim’s
Sons & Company at 71 Broadway. Evi-
dently the bombs were sent by the same
person.

The one sent to Mr. Schiff here was done
up in brown paper. The arrangement of
the matches, powder and bullets was almost
the same as in the one found yesterday. A
sliding lid, moving in grooves, was the
device intended to explode the powder.

A clerk thought the epee bo

ous ce

| police of the Old Slip station, They turned

| it over to Supt. Murray of the Bureau of
Combustibles, who investigated it4 con-

! tents. The police worked for weeks try-

tt - 1 eee they
failed, and no arrest was made.

Mr. Schiff and

SS essen sss nen

arded Mr. Schiff closely
Har house. Eventually the
ice came to the conclusion that the
»omb was sent by some crank who had
a hard time in Wall Street and wanted
to_blow up a few financiers to get even.
Mr. Schiff was in town y and at
Seabright overnight, ~ Pf

V

z

mails, Altogether the ipcident had a queer

 

the Nature of the Bex and Detains it. | *

!
{
'

od

v5

MURDERS NIS ERRING DAUGHTER

 

Father
Fires Six Bullets Inte Her Bedy.

Powper Spainas, Ga., Sept. 24.--Discov-
ering that bis sixteen-year-old daughter
Ruth was to become a mother in a few
months, Jobn Bullard, a well to do planter
who lives near here, this morning shot the
irl to death.
He fired wix shots into ber body, three of
the bullets entering her head and the other
three taking effect in her body.

Bullard immediately went to his brother
and told him of what he had done.

“Ruth is better dead than living with

| such shame coming to her,” eaid Bullard.

|

$$ A

sess
— SS Sn

“When she told me I decided that there
was nothing to do but kill her and she
agreed with me.”

Bullard is a widower and the dead girl
wae his only child. Bullard bimself ia in
the last stages of consimption.

 

COLOMBIANS FRIENDLY TO ROOT,
The

 

Seoretary Stops at Cartagena—Yacht

Syiph to Meet Him at Sea.

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun,

CartTaGena, Colombia, Sept. 24.-—Secre-
tary of State Root arrived here early this
morning on board the United States cruiser
Columbia from Colon. Mr. Barrett, the
American Minister to Colombia, accom.
panied him and introduced him to Gen.
Vasquez Cobos, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
who was specially delegated to represent

, Presiden t Reyes.

Mr. Root and Sefor Cobos discussed the
questions at issue between the two Govern-
ments they represent. " The conference was
pleasant throughout. The Colombians ten-
dered Mr. Root a splendid reception. Cor-
dial feeling and good apirits were dis-
played throughout the visit.

WasHInoTon, Sept. 24.—The Government
yacht Syiph has been ordered by Secretary
Bonaparte to proceed to Norfolk to meet
Secretary Root and his party, who are
coming home on board the Columbia after
an extended trip in South America. The
commander of the Slyph is to receive his
final orders at Norfolk. It is thought that
the Sylph will meet the Columbia some-
where at sea.

If the Sylpb connects with the Columbia
soon enough to make the return trip to
Oyster Bay before October 14, the date of
the President's return to Washington, it
is probable that Secretary Root will go
there to confer with the President about
the situation in Cuba. If the transfer of
the Secretary and his party is made too
late to reach Oyster Bay before President
Roosevelt's departure the Sylph, it is be-
lieved, will land Secretary Root at Wash-
ington and the conference will take place
at the White House.

BULLET TO STOP SONG.

New Kink in the Amenities of Hariem
Flat Life-Woman Wounded.

Mrs. Alma Palmer, wife of William F.
Palmer, who is connected with the Terry
« ompeny of Lex-
ington avenue and 13ist street, was shot in
the right band last Saturday night at her
residence, 232 West 142d street, by some
person who fired a shot from the rear of
one of the apartment houses in West idist
street. The Palmers occupy an apart-
ment in the rear on the ground floor and
their parlor windows overlook the yard.
On Saturday night they had a few friends
spending the evening with them.

Mrs. Palmer was asked to play the piano,
which stands near one of the rear windows,
about 11 0’clock. She could see that hardly
anybody on the block in the opposite houses
had gone to bed, so she thought that it was
not too late. She played and sang.

Then trouble began. First there were
rumblings from some of the windows
along the row, but she sang on. As she
started a second song there was the report
of a pistol and a bullet struck her on
the back of the right hand. It made a
flesh wound and then fell on the piano
keys. The shooting was followed by some
bottles, which were thrown from one of
the windows. Mrs. Palmer aimost fell
from the piano stool from fright, and the
household was in an uproar. Mr. Palmer
and the men in the party went out and
found a policeman to mako & search for tho
person who had fired the shot.

A search was made of all the basements
on the i4ist street side, and a janitor was
found who had an airgun, but he said that
he kept it on the roof and that he only used
it for shooting cate. No arrests were
made. The bullet just grazed the head of
one of the guests, who was sitting néar the
window.

FINNISH REBEL- CAUGHT.

Leader in Sveaborg Mutiny Arrested
~Hombs Found in His Lodgings.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
StockHotm, Sept. 24.-Kaarle Luete,
chief of the Finland Red Guard, a revolu-
tionary military organization which took a
leading part in the Sveaborg mutiny, was
arrested last night. Materials for the
manufacture of bombs were found in his

lodgings.

NEGRO INFLUX HERE, MAYBE.

Views of Negroes in This Neighborhood
on the Race Riots tn Atlanta.

The negro clergymen who attended the
meetings yesterday of the Ministerial Ag-
sociation of thé borough of Brooklyn said
they feared that the race riots at Atlanta
might result in a great influx of negroes
into this city. It was said that in the trail
of the thrifty and industrious there would
come many of the lazy and indolent, who
have made much trouble for the clergy-
men and others who are interested in the
promotion of good citizenship among the
race in tis city.

Negro clergymen here say the “yellow
journalism” of Atlanta and the recent cam-
paign of Hoke Smith are partly responsible
for the outbieak. Negro business men
who attended the national convention of
their league, recently held in Atlanta, say
that in their three days stay in Atlanta
Dr. Booker T. passage, their presi-
dent, succeeded in averting a conflict be-
tween the pee. Upon their arrival at
Atlanta the delegates ascertained that one
of the “yellow journals” had or zed
among its readers a sort of KuKlux Klan
and was offering a thousand dollars re-
ward for the —— of the next negro
found guilty of assaulting a white woman.
The delegates were after

 

 

 

hw Phar.
and talk with him about the matter. A
Washington did so with the result, the
New York delegates say, that during their

a union of good white
io Suimens to suppress the bad men of
both races. pa

Learning of His Child's Shame |

 

 

}
|

 

 

 

  

 

 

BLACKS TURN ON WAITS

ATLANT4 RACE WAR ON AGAIN
—MANY BATTLES REPORTED.

 

 

Four County Policemen Shot Down, and
One Kilied In the City's Outskirts
—Fighting Going On at Pittsburg,
Brownsville ani Mewell Station,

ATLANTA, Sept. 24.—Rioting broke out
afresh in the outskirts of Atlanta at 80'clock
to-night and as a result four county police-
men were shot down. One was killed
and the others badly wounded,

The city marshal of Egdewood was
wounded by a mob of negroes and pitched
battles occurred in Pitteburg, in Browne-
ville and at Howells station.

Pittaburg is the nameof a district in south
Atlanta. It is thickly settled by the worst
Negroes in Atlanta. Lieut. Poole of the
county police was notified early last night
that an incendiary meeting of negroes was
in progress and, accompanied by Officer
Jordan and six other members of his force,
he went to break it up.

The officers found about a hundred ne-
groes in a lodge room denouncing the
whites and calling on the blacks to rise and
avenge those killed in the riot Saturday
night. Lieut. Poole and bis men arrested
eight of the ringleaders of the gang and
started to jail with them. While waiting
for a car near the lodge room the officers
were fired upon by a mob of negroes ~who
had followed. Officer Jim Heard was cut
to pieces by bullets, Jordan was fatally
wounded and Poole received a slight wound.

The eight negroes who had been arrested
attempted to flee and the six officers who
had escaped the volley fired by the mob of
blacks fired, shooting down six of the
fleeing negroes. The officers then retreated,
followed some distance by the negroes.
who had made the attack. The officers
took refuge in a house and kept the negroes
at bay, meanwhile telephoning to Col.
Anderson, who is in command of thetroops,
for ais.

Col. Anderson burried three companies
of State troops to Pittsburg. When the
negroes saw the troops they fled, pursued
by the soldiers. The latter, according to
latest telephone messages, have corralled
the negroes, who are said to number all the
way from 40 to 100, in a small swamp near
Pittaburg.

The soldiers have completely surrounded
the swamp, but it is said they will not make
a move to capture the negroes before morn-
ing owing to the darkness.

Pittsburg, where the trouble is in progrese,
was the scene of the riot four years ago
in which Jim Richardson, a negro, barri-
caded himself in a house and defied the
Atlanta police force for a day, killing five
officers before he himself was killed.

The manifestation of the mob spirit
within the city of Atlanta was to-day limited
to one lynching. Zeb Long, a giant negro,
was taken from prison at 5 o'clock this
morning and hanged to a tree. Long
was arrested Sunday evening for incendiary
talk about the way white people were
treating negroes. The negro was heavily
armed, having a Winchester, two pistols
and plenty of cartridges.

At 5 o’clock this morning fifty men broke
into the jail and placing a rope around
the negro’s neok dragged him to a tree.
Long begged piteously for life, but he was
promptly swung up and was left to choke
to death.

With this exception the day in Atlanta
was very quiet, due to the State troops,
who are still patrolling the town.

The trolley cars are the posts of danger
after nightfall, especially those cars which
pass through the negro quarters. Two
guards armed with Winchesters accom-
pany these cars after nightfall. The chil-
dren who attend the State Street public
school (white) were escorted to and from
the scheclhoee to-day by 100 Georgia
guardsmen.

Many negroes live near the school and it
was feared they would assault the children.

The bravery of Mrs. F. 8. Cox of West
End saved Walter Hicus, a negro, from
being lynched this morning. The negro
was being chased by a mob on suspicion
of being implicated in the assault on Mrs.
Arnold, for which one innocent negro has
already been killed. There were a hundred
whites in the party and the negro was hard
pressed when Mrs. Cox called to him to come
into her home.

The negro rushed into the proffered
refuge and Mrs. Cox shut the door on him
and faced the mob. She told the men that
they could not have the negro without
breaking into her house.

“This negro has worked for me a number.
of years,” said Mrs. Cox. “He may be
guilty but he ought to have a chance for
his life and not be put to death on suspicion.
You can’t have him but if you will tele-
phone for officers they can take him to

ail.”

. The mob was struck by Mrs. Cox's cour-
age and officers were summoned, who took
the negro to jail.

The rush to buy firearms by the better
class of white citizens has been phenomenal.
Sheriff Helms said thie afternoon that from
noon to 5 o'clock he and his deputies had
isgued more than 1,000 permits carry
arms and at 6 o'clock in the afternoon the
crowd continued to come. One hardware
store sold $16,000 worth of arms and ammu-
nition between Saturday night and this
noon,

U. S&S. TROOPS OFFER AID.
(ae renee
Goorgia Commander Declines Services

of 27th fofantry.

Atianta, Ga.; Sept. 24.~—The Seven-
teenth United States Armyf[nfantry reached
Atlanta to-night from Camp Chickamauga
and Col. Van Orsdale, commanding,fimme-
diately tendered their services to Col, Clif-
ford Anderson in commani of the State
troops, to aid in restoring order in the city.

Col. Anderson thanked Col. Van Orsdale
but said he believed the State troops would
be able to cope with the situation.

The Parity of Burnett's Vanilla

was Hever questioned by any pure food commis~
sion.— Ade,

shee forte eine Ses

 

 

 

a

  

SAYS IT'S HEARST.

eee

Morphy, Grady and Cockran Say He Will
Me Indersed by the Convention.

Burra, Sept. 24.—Charles P. Murphy,
Thomas F. Grady, Representative Bourke
Cockran and others close to Mr. Murphy
said positively at 1 o'clock this morning
that Hearst would be indorsed by the
convention, that ex-Assemblyman Sullivan
Cook of Albany Would put Hearst in nomi-
nation and Representative Cockran would
second the nomination.

Moreover that Murphy and his friends,
who claim to be in absolute control of this
convention, will probably accept Lewis
Stuyvesan€ Chanler, candidate for Lieu-
tenant-Governor on the Hearst ticket,
but will not accept John Ford, Mr. Hearst's
candidate for Attorney-General, as they
desire that place for George M. Palmer
of Sooharie:

Furthermore, Mr. Murphy and his friends
say that there is a perfect understanding
with the Hearst people to nominate here
Martin H. Glynn, ex-Congressman and
editor of the Albany Times Union, for Comp-
troller, and George H. Batten of Niagara
oz an Erie county man for State Treasurer.

The Murphy-Hearst people say they have
not as yet selected the candidate for State
Engineer and Surveyor.

Close friends of Mr. Murphy say early
this morning that there has been for more
than a week a perfect understanding be-
tween Mr. Murphy and Mr. Hearst, and
that big Tim Sullivan is aware of it and
that Senator MoCarren is anxious to climb
aboard the Mutphy-Hearst band wagon.

It is insisted that Mr. Hearst and Mr.
Murphy have made their arrangement
all over the State, and that no action of the
committee on credentials can prevent
Hearst's indorsement here and the nomina-
tions for State officers above mentioned.

LIEUT, ANGEL. SAVES A’ LIFE.

Rescues Porte Rican Nattve From the Sea
and the Sharks —~Beatewain Helps.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tak Sun.

San Juan, Sept. 24.—Lieut. Lawrence
Angel of the Porto Rico Provisional Regi-
ment to-day daringly rescued a drowning
native soldier off Morro Castle. The act
was signally heroic on account of the
treacherous currents and the schools of
smal! sharks that infest the bay.

Boatswain H. F. Marker, in a naval
launeh, braved the heavy seas to pick up
Lieut. Angel and the rescued man.

BROKEN DAM FLOODS PLYMOUTH.

Power House Wrecked and Dwelling and
Baru Carried From Foundations.
PirMovuTH, Mass., Sept. 24.—Swollen by
the heavy rains of Saturday the waters
of Town Brook early to-day burst through
one of the dama of the Plymouth Mills and
rushed through streets and buildings, do-
" damage estimated at $20,000.
he power house of the Plymouth Mills
war wrecked, the house of Mre.M.C. Lutha
was lifted and turned arcund and # barn
owned by J. Wallace Towns was carried
across a field and set down on high land
near the almshouse.

OTA BENGA DUCKED.

Lured Into Range of Fire Hose When He
Wouldn't Bathe—Sharpened &@ Knife.

Employees of the Bronx Zoo spent most
of yesterday afternoon trying to induce
Ota Benga, the tree dweller, to take a bath.
They finally gave up and enticed him in
front of a fire hose. The water was turned
on and Benga got a good ducking. He
cusseda little in his native tongue and ran
into the monkey house.

He was found later sharpening an old
knife on a whetstone. The monkey house
men concluded that he was planning to run

TAMMANY

 

 

amuok with the knife, 60 they took it away |

from him.
IDE'S FAREWELLTO PHILIPPINES.

Predicte That a Native Assembly Can
Meet In Safety in 1907.
Spesies Cable Deepatch ta Tar Srw

MaNiLa, Sept. 24.—In forty decorated
launches, with bands playing, Gov.-Gen.
Smith and the members of the Philippine
Commission to-day escorted the retiring
Governor-General, Henry C. Ide, to the
steamship which is to carry him to the
United States. In departing he gave this
as his last message:

“I believe that a Philippine Assembly
can meet in 1907 with perfect safety and with
the great probability that it will furnish in-
formation upon the real needs of the country
and be a useful aid to legislation, if properly
managed.

“I cannot find words to express my grati-
tude for the numerous testimonials of esteem
I have received from all classes, American
and Filipino. I leave regretfully.”

OUR TRADE WITH MOROCCO.

Clearing the Way to Compete With the
Germans and British.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

TaNnorer, Sept. 24.—Officials at the Ameri«
can Legation assert that on his visit to Fez
Minister Gummere called the attention of
the Sultan to the lawless situation and
riote at Mogador and Casa Blanca.

It was denied that the United States was
aiming to create political
rocco, but it was admitted
interests will be organized and @ steamship
service established to enable Americans to
compete with the Germans and British.

Boxer Killed in Ring.
PoRTLAND, Me., Sept. 24.—Jack McKenzie
of Philadelphia, a boxer; was killed in a
bout with Terry ee tow hepa of Phila-
delphia, at the Au night. Her-
man Miller of soeners had bees matched
to meet Martin
arenes, And) Molina tock hs ace
was ve
in proper condition to fight. r

MoGewan Acting Mayor Again. -
President MoGowan of the Board of
Aldermen ee the Acting Mayor yes-
terday because of Mr. McClellan’s prese
ip Bulalo, The only Deeds of important
ments who were on du
were lier Metz and Serene Cheane.
ing ioner’ Woodbury.

Died on La Savoie.
Mrs. Raphael Robles, a cabin passenger on

board La Savoie, which arrived yeste
from Havre, died on board last Friday.
Her body was embalmed and brought to

port.

v's GA NE AND MOSELLE,

of Superior Quality.

a. T. Co,, 188 Fulton St., New York.
At —- ——— _—oo -—-

 

 

 

 

ee

 

_

 

TURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1908.
Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow;
diminishing north winds,

 

 

PRICE TWO CENT!

HEARST WINS
FIRST INNING

State Committee Chooses Lewis
Nixon Temporary
Chairman, «

   

THE VOTE WAS UNANIMOUS

 

Anti-Hearst Men Decided to Make
Ro Fight on Tempor-
ary Organization.

 

Murphy's Tactica‘te Gain Control of the
State Committee and Make Himeeif
State Leader—A Tempting Bait Of-
fered to Me@arren—While Murphy
Says He Is Not Committed to Hearst,
the Followers of Hearst Are Aiding
Him in His Fight—Grady Has a Resolue
tien Indersing Kryan-—Sulzer Beom
Growing—Siump in Gayner Boom—
Tammany Not fer Hearst — Deme-.
crates of Many States Warn Murphy,

| Burrata, Rept. 24.—The Democratic State
committee met at 9 o'clock to-night. When

| all hands had got into the meeting it waa
quickly decided not to fight on the tem-
porary chairman of the convention and
Mr. Nixon was chosen unanimously.

The contests were then taken up, beginy
ning with Chautauqua, which involved the
seate of three delegates. Senator Grady
and Representative Cockran spoke for tle
Hearst end and Senator MoCarren for the
anti- Hearst ites.

In the discussion Senator Grady said;
“If Hearst will run on our platform then I
am for Hearst.” This led to the statement
that the platform to be adopted by this
convention will be one upon which Mr,
Hearst cannot with consistency stand.

George F. Scannei| represented Dan Finn;
T.C. T. Crain spoke for Big Tim Sullivan and
Representative Cockran had Francis Burton
Harrieon's proxy.

The Chautauqua contest was not settled
at to-night’s meeting. When the wrangling
over the contest was at white heat John
Kennedy, one of Norman E. Mack's State
committeemen, sprang a resolution on the
committee declaring that all contests should
go over and be settled by the committee
on credentials, to be selected by the dele~
gates in the convention. Mr. Kennedy's
resolution was quickly and unanimously
adopted. Had thie not been done the
committee would have been in session
until sunrise to-morrow morning.

The Kennedy resolution was looked upon
as ap armed truce between the Murphy and
the anti-Murphy forces in the committee.
Mr. Murphy after the meeting began to talk
Hearst again, but all are now eagerly await-
ing the platform to be submitted to the
convention on Wednesday by the committee
on resolutions.

The Albany conference of Democrats,
District Attorney Jerome, Edward M.
Shepard and others, not forgetting William
F. Sheehin, are to have an important pars
in framing this platform.

Mr. Sheehan said at midnight:

“The selection of Mr. Nixon means
noihing; aghinst those opposed to Hearst's
nominution, and by to-night’s action of
the committee in leaving the contests
to the committee on credentials, when
appointed, the anti-Hesret people gainei
a distinct advantage) ae we have a ma-
jority of the Senate districts which select
the committee on credentials.”

Cord Meyer, chairman of the State com-
mittee, protested to Mr. Murphy of Tam-
many against Mr. Mason; clerk of the State
committee, recording new oo ntesta in Jef-
ferson and elsewhere; Mr, Meyer claiming
that this was done in order:to retrieve the
disadvantage to the anti-Murphy forces
when they agreed to submit all ogntests to
the committee on credentials, Mr. Mason
is a Haffen man and therefore a Murphy
man.

State Committeeman McCabe of Albany;
one of Murphy’s candidates for State chair-
man; came out shortly after midnight for
Mr, Hearst and declared that he knew Mr.
Murphy would leave no stone unturned to
bring about Mr, Hearst’s indorsement by
this comvention, The Murphy men are
talking Hearst strongly and openly pro~
claim that he will be indorsed by this con
vention,

THS FIGHT YOR CONTROL OF STATE COMe
MITTER.

Little or no serious consideration wag
given to-day to the various aspirants for!
the Demoocratio nomination for Governor
in the convention which is to begin ita
firet session at noon to-morrow. All the
talk from sunrise to sunset and long
after nightfall was as to which faction
could control a majority of the meme
bers of the Democratic State commit-
tee. Charles F. Murphy of Tammany has
made every effort known to a politician of
hia intellectuals to capture control of the
State committee and name Lewis Nixon, @
Hearet man, for temporary chairman of the
convention, Control of the temporary or-
ganization of the convention should carry!
with it control of the permanent, or nominat-
ing, organization. It should also carry with
it the naming of the committees on cre-
dentialsand platform. Control of the Siate
committee would carry with it the power
to elect a successor to Cord Meyer, Jr., and
Mr. Murphy wants to name William J,
Conners of Buffalo or Patrick E. McCabe of ,
Albany a6 Mr. Meyer's successor, Thiaait!

“a

wey, ae
;

RR

'