ef MS EN EE ae ETE FEE ET EE LS LE PO LE As PE IES

’ ticket in New Yor

effect would make Mr. Murphy, through
hie duramy, Democratic State leader.
MURPAY'S QUESTIONABLE TACTICS.

All day Mr. Murphy to attain his ends has
resorted to tactios similar to those which
he has recently attempted in three districts
of New York county, the Seventeenth,
Nineteénth and Thirtieth, where his men on
primary day were defeated. Mr. Murphy
refused to accept defeat in these districts
and hae brought contests before the State
committee to seat in his own interest the
nine delegates to the State convention from
these districts. Mr. Murphy was beaten
in the Seventeenth district by about a hun-
dred votes, in the Nineteenth by over 400
votes and in the Thirtieth by 2,800 votes.

Proceeding on this plan Joseph Cassidy
of Queens, who was beaten by President
Berme! of the Borough of Queens by two
thousand votes, has, by. direction of Mr.
Murphy, brought a contest before the
State committee in an effort to turn the
twelve delegates to the convention from
Queens over to Mr. Murphy. In addition
Mr. Murphy, continuing in his effort to con-
trol the State committee and to strengthen
himself in his own organization and in
Queens and eventually to name either
Mr. Conners or Mr. McCabe as State chair-
man, has brought similar “paper” con-
fests in Nassau and in one Assembly dis-
Qrict of the counties of Oneida, Onon-
daga, Monroe and Chautauqua. There has
been no rhyme, right or reason why Mr.
Murphy should put up these contests ex-
cept those hatched in his own brain.
MURPHY SAYS AE'S NOT COMMITTED TO

HEARST.

Mr. Murphy declares positively that he
has not brought these contests in the in-
terest of William R. Hearst. He has been

singing very low on Hearst all day. For | and Mr. Murphy had repudiated them.

the first time in months he opened com-
munication with Mayor McClellan by sead-
ing Senator MoCarren to the Mayor with
the word that he was not committed in
any way to Mr. Hearst’s indorsement in
this convention, notwithstanding anything
that may have been said or will be said
to the contrary.

*'Men of experience like’ William F. Shee-
han, Cord Meyer, Senator McCarren, Mayor
McClellan, District:Attorney Jerome and
John B. Stanchfield afe not accustomed to
accepting offhand statements of the char-
acter which Mr: Murphy sent to Mayor
McClellan by Senator MoCarren. On the
contrary, expefighce has taught them to
be rather on their guard against believing
unsought and uninvited statements of
this import. So almost every moment of

Tossa geet

The New Tri-Chrome
Santth Promier Typewriter

The items appear in
copying and non- ing
black ink and the credits
in bright red.

The Smith Premier T. goweteor Co.
Syracuse, N. ¥.

withdraw his contests against the MoClellan
men in New York county who were elected
from the Seventeenth, Nineteenth and
Thirtieth districts.

Senator McCarren, overjoyed at the pros-
pect of nominating Justice Gaynor without
a contest, was quickly in communication |
with Mayor McClellan. It turned out, |
however, that Mr. Murphy would not with-
draw his contest put up against three dele-
gates each in Uleter, Onondaga, Monroe and
Jefferson.

Mayor McClellan believed that Senator
McCarren was being filmflammed, and he
sent. Mr. McCarren to see Mr. Murphy per-
sonally. Mr. Murphy at that interview
practically rejected the proposition in favor
of Justice Gaynor which Mr. Grady and Mr.
Cockran had made to Senator MoCarren.

Senator McCarren was greatly disturbed,
because it was apparent on its face that he
had gone on a fool’s errand to Mr.
Murphy. In other words, Mr. Grady and
Mr. Cockran either had authority to repre-
sent Mr. Murphy in these negotiations or
they had no authority to represent him,

|
|
|

Mayor McClellan finally had a conference |
at 10 o'clock to-night with William F. Shee-
han, Senator McCarren and Representative
Timothy D. Sullivan.

NO FURTHER NEGOTIATIONS WITH MUBPHY.

Meantime the meeting of the State com- |
mittee was awaiting the arrival) of Mr. |
Murphy and his friends and Senator
MoCarrep and his friends. At the confer-
ence between Mr. Sheehan, Mr. McClellan,
Mr. MoCarren and Big Tim Sullivan all |
negotiations with Mr. Murphy were broken
off, and it was decided that the anti-Murphy
men ehould continue the fierce struggle
which has been going on all day and most
of the night to prevent Mr. Murphy from
capturing control of the State committee |
and selecting Mr. Nixon to be temporary

the day has been devoted by Mr. Murphy’s | chairman. The anti-Murphy people claimed

opponents to beating Mr. Murphy's efforts before they went into the meeting of the
\ committee that they would have twenty-

six of the forty-seveo members, there
being three vacancies by death.

to capture control of the State committee.
REARST’S PRIENDS AIDING MURPHY.
That Mr. Murphy’ has been aided in his

efforts to secure control of the State com- |

mittee by the friends of William R. Hearst
is unquestionably beyond dispute. Mr.
Hearst's friends in the different up-State
counties have been cheek by jow! all day
with Mr. Murphy, and while Mr. Murphy
has offered various considerations to swing

, State committeemen into line for his pur-
poses, Mr Hearst’s friends have not hesi-
/ tated to promise a hundred times over

every office within the gift of the Governor

-,: of the State.

The struggle for contro} of the ram-

- shackle Democratic State machine would

be perhaps ludicrous if it did not carry
with it consequences of moment. The
fight to keep Mr. Murphy from capturing
a machine which years ago should have
been sent to the political junk shop has
been made on the supposition that notwith-
standing anything Mr. Murphy may say
he is at heart favorable to Mr. Hearst's
idorsement for Governor in this con-
vention.
FEARS HEARST WILL RUN LOCAL TICKETS.
‘The burden of Mr. Murphy's sotig all day
has been that while he is not committed

‘to Mr. Hearst he fears that if “Tamtany

as a delegation does not indorse Mr. Hearst

_4n this convention Mr. Hearst will run in

New York county this fall a focal ticket
for Justices of the Supreme Court, Con-
gressmen, Senators and Assemblymen.
Smarting under the knowledge that if he
attempts to call a caucus of the Tammany
delegation with any idea-of advocating Mr.
Hearst's indorsement here he will bedrubbed
in his own political household, Mr. Murphy
has spoken of fear ,of a Hearst, local
courify to most of his
visitors. Especially did he speak thig way
to Senator McCarren, and the Kings cqunty
"Democratic leader thereipon said to Mr.
Murphy:

“I don't fear any of Hearst's local tickets
in Kings county, and there is no good reason
why you should. You have exaggerated
the Hearst sentiment in New York county.
You are afraid of a bugaboo. Mr. Hearst
@an run any local ticket he chooses in Kings
county this fall and the Democrats will
overthrow it.”

METHODS OF A POLITICAL HIGHBINDER.

Would-be candidates for local offices In
up-State cities and in the larger towns have
taken their refrain from Mr. Murphy, and
they all chant their fear that Mr. Hearet

It was the sense of those who attended
the conference in Mayor McClellan's rooms |
just prior to the meeting of the State com- |
mittee to-night that Mr. Murphy, or rather
Mr. Grady and Mr. Cookran had confessed
weakness and timidity as to Mr. Murphy's
ability to win in the State committee con-
troversy. Had Mr. MoClellan's friends

| agreed to what Senator MoCarren was |
| led to believe to be a proposition from Mr. |

Murphy for peace, the friends of Mayor
MoClellan would have lost two State com-
mitteemen in New York county and would
have lost twenty-one delegates in the State
convention as follows; Nine from New
York county, and three each from Ulster,
Onondaga. Monroe and Jefferson.

There were necessary intervals during
the day when there were bite of humor
in this stern struggle for supremacy of the

| State committee. The especial farce was

|

'
BIT OF HUMOR IN THB STRUGGLE. |

one in which Mr. Conners and Mr. Murphy
were the chief comedians. Mr. Conners
is stil] true to Mr. Hearst, and for the pur-
pose of convincing Mr. Murphy that up-
State territory is ablaze for Mr. Hearst
Mr. Conners took it upon himself to or-
ganize brigades of alleged Hearst men
from different counties, run them in to see
Mr. Murphy and introauce them as real
live, simon pure Hearst men. In this way
about half of the Odell Republican con-
tingent in Buffalo was :ung in on Mr, |
Murphy as Hearst men. |
But Mr. Conners came to grief during |
the afternoon when Representative William

| Sulzer took a place beside Mr. Murphy.
| Mr. Sulzer wanted to get a squint at the
| alleged Hearst men Mr. Conners was bring-

ing in to see Mr. Murphy. Finally, Mr,
Conners trotted in three alleged Hearst
men from Warren county, who glibly told
Mr. Murphy that they were delegates to the |
convention from their county, that Warren
was in a blaze of enthusiasm for Hearst {
and so on and so forth. Mr. Sulzer de- |
nounced these three alleged delegates to
their faces and in the presence of Mr. Mur-

| phy declared them to be fakers, frauds |
| and liars and insisted that they were not |

delegates from Warren county to the con-
vention. Mr. Murphy in his anger tumbled

| the bunch out of his room. Mr. Conners

will run loca! tickets all over the State. It |

ia by these methods, as well as by others,
that Mr. Hearst and his lieutenants have
endeavored to bludgeon this convention
{hte indorsing Mr. Hearst for Governor.
In the estimation of District Attorney
Jerome they are the methods of a political
highbinder and marauder. Without doubt
they have had some effect upon the rabbit-
like temperaments of Democrats in certain
localities, and without the slightest doubt
they have brought the gooseflesh to Mr.
Murphy’s not oversensitive cuticle. But
Mr. Hearst's methods have not frightened
the few remaining militant Democrats of
the party in different bailiwicks of the
State a little bit. They have rather en-
couraged these fighting Democrats to per-
sist in their opposition to Mr. Hearst, and
have, moraover, sustained them in their
conclusions that Mr. Murphy was perhaps
all right as the leader of an Assembly dis-
trict in New York city, but as leader of
Tammany and as aspirant for the Demo-
cratic leadership of the State he is little
more than a stuffed club.

EFFORT TO TEMPT M'CARREN.

Late this evening, j ust before the meet-
ing of the State committee, which was
called for 9 o'clock at the Iroquois, one
of the most remarkable episodes of the
preliminary work of the convention 00.
curred. Repc sentative W. Bourke Cockran

has been performing this farce all day long,

! and Mr. Murphy has been so unfamiliar

 

with the Democrats from up-State districts
that he hae heen foole1 more times than
he has hairs on bis head.

DEMOCRATS OF MANY STATES WARN MURPAT.

One of Mr. Murphy's visitors to-day
was Robert Maxwell, known in the Demo- |
cratic politios of the State for the last quar-
ter of a century.

“Let me tell you, Mr. Murphy,” said
Mr. Maxwell, “that if you have any idea
of helping Hearst to an indorsement in
this convention you are helping the Demo-
cratic party not to commit suicide but
to commit murder.”

One of the day’s developments has been
that friends of almost every prominent
Democrat in many States of the Union
whom Mr. Hearst has assailed in his news- |
papers have turned up in this city. They |

have pointed out to Mr. Murphy and to |

others said to be in accord with Mr. Hearst
that Mr. Hearst has assailed in his news-
papers the integrity, political and personal,

| of almost every notable Democrat in the |

party; that he has not hesitated to hit below
the belt; that he has attempted to besmirch
every Democrat who refusei to ald him |
in his political aspirations. The friends
of these Democrats put in heavy lioks
‘against Mr. Hearst to-day.

| by the corrupt use of an enormous

 

GHADY HAS RESOLUTION INDORSING BRYAN.
Spéaking of matters of this kind, it was

and Senator Thomas F. Grady, represent | '

ing Murphy, had a conferentve with Senatar
M-Carren, sponsor for Justice Gaynor, at
which Mr. Grady and Mr. Cockran assured
Senator McCarren that if the seven State
committeemen from Kings county would
act with Mr. Murphy’s State committsemen
from New York county in electing Lewis
Nixon temporary chairman of the conven-
tion, Mr. Murphy would join with Kings
county in supporting Justice Gaynor for
the nomination for Governor.

In addition Mr. Cockran and Mr. Grady

assured Senator MoCarren that Mr. Murphy |

would direct Joseph Cassidy to withdraw
his contest in Queens county against the
seating in the convention of Prasident Bor-
mel's twelve delegates. Mr. Grady and
Mr. Cockran could not give any assurances
to Senator McCarren that Mr. Murphy would

in

Ss a a mere nemo

made known to-night that Senator Tho
Francis Grady of Tammany Hall will ‘at
the proper time in the convention irit#o,
duce the following resolution and ask
that it be inserted in the convention's of-
ficial platform:

It has been demonstrated to the satisfac-
tion of every patriotic, intelligent and fair
minded American that William J. Bryan
was defeated for the Presidency when he
was the candidate of the Demorratic party
slush
fund, aggergating millions of dollars, con-
tributed by «reat corporations and by those
intereat in special industries enjoying
apecial privileges under the law. The charges
made by Democratic leaders and the Demo-
cratic press that this was true, which charges
were at the time indignantly denied with a
great show of virtue, are now substantially
proven to be trite.

We declare that it is alike due to Mr. Bryan
himself and to the integrity of our institu-
tions that he should be elected to the bigh

! office of Chief Magistrate of the nation at

the election to be held in 1908, of “which posi-

| tion he was deprived by methods calculated

to discredit and put to shame the entire
American electorate. and we pledge to him
our sipport and aid, that bis nomination and
election be attained. We unhesitatingly de-
claro that a fair and honest election, frea from
coercion or the corrupt use of money, at
whicb the American people may be given
what is their right to have, an untrammelled
opportunity to express their sovereign will
at the ballot box, is an important issue in
American politics to-day.

Senator Grady, it was added, is to intro-
duce the foregoing resolution favorable to
Mr. Bryan at the personal request of Richard
Croker, the Tammany chieftain, who never
in his career as leader of his organization
for sixteen years sought to indorse for
Governor the candidate of a guerrilla con-
vention.

UPSTATE DELEGATES SATISFIED WITH 8ULZER.
While, as already said, in the struggle

, for supremacy of the State committee little

or no serious consideration has been given
to Gubernatorial candidates to-day, the
fact remains that most of the bona fide

| delegates from up-State counties, other

than Erie, have spoken up to Mr. Murphy

| to-day and said that they would be perfectly

satisfied with Representative Sulzer. These
Democrata in their remarks about Mr.
Sulzer to Mr. Murphy have almost brought

| a blush to the prototype of Henry Clay.

They have told Mr. Murphy that no Demo-

| erat and no Republican could successfully

attack Mr. Sulzer. In their comments of
Mr. Sulzer they have also said that Mr.
Sulzer could perhaps unify the Democratic
factions of the State more than any Demo-

| crat hitherto mentioned—Mr. Hearst, Jus-
| tice Gaynor, District Attorney Jerome, or

Mayor Adam. Mr. Sulzer, these eulogists
agserted, had been the friend of Tilden,
John Kelly, Grover Cleveland, Richard
Croker and William J. Bryan, and had been |
a substantial, consistent and even ardent |
friend of what are known as labor organiza-
tions, and that no Democratic leader, local
or otherwise, in the State had a single

| rankling thought in his heart against Mr.
| Sulzer.

These supporters of Mr. Sulzer
proclaimed him to be a good campaigner.

TAMMANY DELEGATION NOT FOR HEARST.

A. 8. Dulin,.formerly a Hearst man, said
this afternoon: !

“The pretence and claims made by the
Hearst element that Mr. Murphy will oon-
trola majority of the delegates from Man-
hattan and The Bronx are founded upon
misinformation. While there are twenty
district leaders who favor the retention of
Mr. Murphy as the leader of Tammany
Hall, eleven of these eens , and the dele-
gates representing their districta, are op-

osed to the nomination of Mr. Hoare.

is does not include seven districts con-
trolled by Timothy D. Sullivan and Timothy
P. Sullivan. Every one of the Sullivan
districts (twenty-one delegates) is for
Sulzer first, last and all of the time. Of
the eleven leaders before mentioned gix
have already declared for Sulzer, and the
remaining five are for the best candidate,
barring Hearst.

“The nineteen delegates from the Gene-
see Valley are absolutely for Congressman
Sulzer, and sixty delegates in various
counties up the State have declared their
intention of voting for Sulzer. Thisshould
give Mr. Sulzer on the first ballot at least
100 votes, irrespective of what Kings and
Queens counties may do.”

JEROME THE IDEAL CANDIDATE

The ideal candidate, of course, in the
judgment of those who want to win, is
District Attorney Jerome. He is the man
who represents in his intellect and character
the atern a of the people to the
arrogant and corrupt political . P.
Jerome representa the desire of the le
to elevate high minded men to office, to
whom they can look up, men worthy of the
support of the fine people of the State,
no matter how high or humble. Mayor
Adam is conside to be the very highest
t of a Democrat, but being 65 years old,

uffalo's chief executive may not have
the ginger and the sand for the fight which
is to restore the government of the State to
the people and to wrest it from the pudgy
and befouled fist of the political boss.

SLUMP IN GAYNOR BooM,

There was a distinct slump in the Gaynor
boom to-night. Senator oCarren was
still true to Justice Gaynor, but many
Democrats said they had a number of
reasois Why ihey Wouldn't care to have
Justice Gaynor nominated for Governor.
Senator MoCarren said that he had no
second choice and that the entire Kings
county delegation was for Justice Gaynor.
Notwithstanding Senator McCarren's re-
mark it was ascertained that Democrats
in the Ringe county organization, thor-
oughly loyal to Senator McCarren aa their
leader, believe that if for any reason
Justice Gaynor ia out of the race the en-
tire delegation should go over in a body
to Representative Sulzer. It must be
therefore recorded that after the long
day and the long night of scrimmages,
scraps and struggles the Sulzer boom
has received a new supply of gas.

A body of Municival Leaguers from New
York, Kings and Richmond counties had

'a number of informal sessions to-day.

All told, fifty of the leaguers were present
and they decided to nominate Joseph
Cody of New York for Governor. Cody
was nominated for Sheriff by the Hearst
eople in New York county last fall. The
Krunicipal Leaguers are in revolt against
Mr. Hearst and have split away from his
Independence Leaguers on the ground
that Mr. Hearst demonstra that
he can be quite as arrogant a political
boss as those now under the ban.
GERMANS OPPOSED TO HEARST.

Herman Ridder came to town to-day
and said that he and the German citizens
with whom he had talked were wey much
op’ sed to Mr. Hearst, either as the can-
didate for Governor of the Independence
League or as the accepted candidate of
the Democratic State convention. Mr.
Ridder said furthermore that political or-
anizations were at times forgetful of

|t 6 vast influence our German citizens

exercised in determining elections. Mr.
Ridder, from what he had heard, was quite
convinced that friends of Samuel Unter-
myer would feel particularly pleased if

| Mr. Untermyer were nominated for At-

torney-General by this convention.

Granted that you're prejudiced against ready-to-wear clothes,
what more natural than our strong efforts to change your views?

Is universally recognized as the Standard
by which all others are judged.

452 FIFTH AVE,

Cer. 40th St.

194 FIFTH AVE.

Fifth Avenue Hotel

|
189 BROADWAY

Near Dey St.

LEE

JEROME HAS MANY CALLERS.

HIS FRIENDS JUBILANT OVER
THE OUTLOOK.

They Feel Confident That He Will Lead Al
the Other Candidates—Cord Meyer,
Herman Ridder, Ex-Mayor @sborne,
William F. Sheehan, State Committee-
man Rattigan, William Salzer and
John B. Stanchfield Call on Jerome.

Borrato, Sept. 24.—District Attorney
Jerome had an exceedingly busy day of
it, and from 10:30 in the morning until late
in the evening the outside rooms of his
headquarters were visited by hundreds of
Persons interested in the fight that is being
put up against Hearst. Mr. Jerome had
many callers throughout the day, and he
spent most of the time conferring with
them. When he came out after the after-
noon session he said he had had enough
of the conferring business and that he was
going down to the lobby to see the fun.

At that time the lobby was filled with a
restless crowd of rooters, and occasionally
one of them would stop and make a speech
for hia favorite candidate. There was
no end of pushing and shoving and good
natured sport, and Mr. Jerome seemed to
enjoy it immensely. But he woukin't
talk about his candidacy, nor would he
give an opinion as to the outcome of the
convention. The District Attorney's friends,
however, were not 60 reticent. They were
jubilant, and they made no effort to conceal
their satisfaction over the outlook for
Mr. Jerome's success. They were posi-
tive that when the real showdown comes
in the convention Mr. Jerome would lead
all the other candidates.

One of Mr. Jerome's first callers in the
morning was Cord Meyer, chairman of
the Democratic State committee, who
talked to him for half an hour. Mr.
Meyer had nothing to say when he came
out. Herman Ridder was the next man
to get Mr. Jerome's ear. ;

“We just discussed the situation gen-
erally,” said he after the interview. |
am anti-Hearst, of course. The situation
seems to be up to Charles F.Murphy, but
I don't see how he can assume the responsi-
bility for Hearst.”

Ex-Mayor Osborne, who made such a
ringing speech at the Albany conference,
also had a long talk with Mr. Jerome.

“I think there is no doubt that we have |
Hearst beaten,” he said when seen later. |
“The opposition to him is growing strong |
and stronger. A number of delegates
who have been instructed for Hearst from
up-State districts have come to me with
assurances that under no ciroumstances
will they vote for him in the convention.
Then, too, their claims to delegates in
numerous instances are absurd. Take,
for example, the delegates from Onondaga
county. They can’t get them unless they
throw out M. Z. Haven, the Democratic
leader of Syracuse, who is also a member
of the State committee. The same is true
of Jefferson county, where John N. Carlisle
is the leader.”

Mr. Osborne asserted that many of the
newspapers had been led astray in refer-
ence to the real standing of many of the
delegates from the rural counties. He said
there had been reporte of delegations in-:
structed for Hearst when they were not in-
structed for him at all. In other cases,
where second conventions were held by
Hearst bolters, stories were sent to the
newspapers without mentioning the first
cnanventions, leading the readers to believe
that that was the only action of the first
and regular Democratic conventions.

“The Albany conference is first of all

i-Hearst,” said Mr. Osborne. “We have
peyton candidate. We are ready
to support any decent Democrat against
Hearst, and I am confident that the con-
vention will vote egpione him.”

Ex-Lieut.-Gov. William F. Sheehan and
State Committeeman James F. Rattigan
called on Mr. Jerome together and were
closeted with him for about an hour. |

“We went —™ a said

n when »
Mr, Booed you find it?” asked one of the
wers.
— satisfactory,” said Mr. Sheehan,

briefly.
“Doyou think you will beat Mr. Hearst?”
“I think #0.” . a ;
“Who wes te ue nominee?” put in an-

f the interviewers.

eS sure 1 don’t know,” said Mr. Sheehan,

ariling. a
“How do the up-State Coiogpene stand?
“The up-State delegates

come to Buffalo; still remain to be

heard from,” said Mr. Sheehan as he hurried

away.
John B. Stanchfield went to the Jerome |
headquarters a short time after he arrived |
in Buffalo this morning and had a talk with
the District Attorney in bis private room.
He had nothing to say for lication when
he came out. Mr. Sta id is talked of
favorably by some of the anti-Hearst men
for temporary chairman. He held that
place in the convention of 1902 at wapatous
when Coler was nominated, and it was
that quelled the mob of Devery shouters
who packed the.gallery. It is thought that
the services of such a man as Mr. Stanch-
field will be needed in the convention that
opens here to-morrow.
Re ntative Sulzer was also amon,
Mr. Jerome's callers, but he would not te’
what the conversation was about. r.
Sulzer’s headquarters are on the same
floor as Mr. Jerome’s, on'the second floor
of the Froguete Hotel. His friends said he
had told Mr. Jerome squarely that there
were but two candidates in the fleld—Hearst
and Sulzer—and that Mr. Jerome
mitted Sulzer's cirenase. These
went on to say that Mr. Sulzer would re-
ceive 94 votes for Governor on the first bal-
lot from delegates outside of Greater New |
York, and that it was @ sure cinch for the |
only genuine friend of the people.
It was noticed this afternoon that Mr.
Jerome was wearing a Sulzer button
E. H. Titchener of Binghamton, secre-
tary of the Albany conference, talked with
Mr. Jerome about the situation in Broome
county. A protest will be made ¢o both the
State committee and the convention against |
seating the Hearst delegates. Twenty-five |
business men of Binghamton signed a call
for a meeting and it was held yesterday.
A resolution was adopted appointing a
committee of twelve to make a ,
‘on the ground that the convention called

vo

by the rages committee for July 14 was
not legally called and was in direct contra-
vention to the rules and regulations of the
rty as laid down by the chairman of the
tate committee. ‘
Among others who conferred with Mr.
Jerome were the delegates from Steuben,
Saratoga, Jefferson, Westchester, Niagara

and Onondaga.

Albany conference committee has
opened headquarters on the fourth floor
of the Iroquois, and the rooms were thronged
yesterday with men from all over the State
who favor the movement. At the confer-
ence at Albany, which was one of the most
significant events of ite kind held in this
State in years, resolutions were adopted
that Democrats should repudiate boss rule
in every form, and especially efforts from
any directiom to obtain control of pe parr
organization by purchase, by intimidation
or by hired agents. Those who attended
theconference made no bones about sayin
that their efforts would be directed towa
preventing Hearst from getting the Demo-
cratic nomination for Governor, and they
have kept that point in view steadily ever
since. co! ttee of five was appointed
to lay before the Democrats of the State
the principles expressed in the resolution,
and the ‘work haa been admirably done,
thousends of Democrats being strength-
enéd in their resolution not to let the part
of Jefferson, Jackson and Tilden be sol
or bartered or cheated at the convention
if their influence can prevent it. There
was no mincing of words in the call for this
conference, and the s hes made there
and the resolutions adopted left no doubt
where the men who com it stand.

“It is time,” the call said, “that the honest,
intelligent voters, who love their party and
believe in its mission, should speak out,
should reaffirm in clear and positive form
its basio principle and announce their
refusa) to surrender to an litical black-
mailer or gang of political thieves who are
ring to buy or steal the party emblem
and the party faith.”
In the course of his speech, ex-Mayor
Osborne said that if it was given to him
to draw up the platform at this convention
he would have it read something like this:
The Democratic party of New York State,
as the party of political progressand reforms,
believing that all men are counted equal in
the sense that they are entitled to equal ad-
vantages and opportunities, is the natural
foe of the spirit of monopoly and of every
form of specia! privilege engendered by that
spirit. It etande for the following policies:
1. A demand that no corporation depend-
ing upon a@ public franchise shall be managed
as private property, but that the rights of
the publio as the great silent partner and the
one with largest interests shall be fully recog-
nized. This involves complete public know!-
edge of the affairs of such corporations and
&@ recognition and enforcement in each case
of what is fairly due to the public as well as
what i# fairly due to the investors.

2. A complete and radical enactment of
home rule or socal self-government, giving
to every community the largest practicable
power of managing its own affairs without
interference from the Legislature. Every
city should have the right to determine ite
own form of local government. Every city
should be able to adopt and revise its own
charter, to make its own ordinanc?s and to
regulate and control and, if it sees fit, to own
ita own public utilities, subject, of course, to
sych general laws as the States should pass
on general State matters.

as. An honest, efficient and economical ad-
ministration of the different departments
and an immediate and searching investiga-
tion of every one. The abolition of unneces-
aary and expensive commiseions. The more
faithful execution of existing laws of all
kinds, in the belief that for many abuses
there is less need of néw lawa than a prompt
and fearless enforcement of the present ones.

4. A radical reform of our present system
of taxation, which is unjust and inequitable.

5. A more enlightened system of justice,
which shall include both the administration
of county jails and Btate prisons, a system
which shall aim at reform rather than at
punishment, which shall encourage those
unfortunate fellow men who have broken
the laws to learn to adapt themselves to the
conditions of organized awieiy.

@. The election of United States Senators
by popular vote.

7. The revision and reform of our present
cumbrous and dangerous ballot laws.

The extension of the present law for en-
roliment and primaries for the purpose of
securing more honest and orderly party
management and a truer expression of the
real desires of the voters.

The removal of troublesome restrictions
on indépendent voting intended solely to
perpetuate dominance of political machines
in all parties, and the nomination of the in-
dependent voter, who has as much right
to express his opinion at the polls as any
other.

8. The elimination of politics and political
contro! from our State institutions, the pres-
ent system having been brought about by
a Republican Governor for the sole purpose
of perpetuating his own political power at
the expense of the unfortunate inmates of
these institutions.

®. A strengthening and extension of the pro-
vision for the vigorous enforcement of the laws
re lating to corrupt practices at elections.

Mr. Osborne said when he made the
apeéch that he offered these planks as sug-
or merely. When questioned about
ti latform yesterday he said that he
etood ready to offer it in the convention.
He said that he had received several sug-
gestions since then, and that the platform
would be most elaborate when submitted
for consideration. The committee of the
conference will have a meeting to-morrow
and it is ex that among others Edward
M. She will be present.

Cha: F. Rattigan, State committee-
man from Auburn, visited the headquarters
of the committee yesterday and got a
warn, ———. As he Mo eve’
man in room got up cheered. e
said he had been travelling through the
State and had _ received most reassuring
a as to the flattening out of the Hearst

m.

Bverything

For F. ir e
Protection

Ja your fire extinguisher
ready for immediate
use? We are head:
quartese for charges
‘or all @hemical Fire
Bxtinguishers.

S.F. HAYWARD & GO.
20 Warren St., New York
Phila. and Pittsburg.

CONNERS CLAIMS 300 VOTES FOR
HIS CANDIDATE.

He Carrals Delegates a8 They Arrive and |

Parades Them Before Murphy at His
Headquarters—Ciaims the Tammany
Delegation and the State Commitice.

Burra1o, Sept. 24.—This has been a busy
day for the Hearst boomers. All day long
they have been camped on Charles F. Mur-
phy’s doorsill. All day long the Hon.
Fingey Conners of Buffalo has been seeing
delegates and trotting them in before Mr.
Murphy as evidence of the strength of the
boom, and all day long the Hearst men
have strained their ears at Mr. Murphy's
keybole to try and find out what Mr. Murphy
was really thinking about. Every time
a delegation of alleged men were
paraded before the Tammany boes and
marched back again to the room of Mr.
Conners the latter added a few more votes
to the number be had previously claimed
for Mr. Hearst. In twelve hours to-day
Mr. Conners added a hundred to the num-
ber of votes olairned for Mr. Hearst. It
stood at 300 to-night.

Mr. Conners is doing the heavy outaide
work for Hearst. Down stairs on the
floor bélow Max Ihmsen is doing (or trying
to do) some fine inside work and meeting
the expenses. Things haven't worked very
smoothly. That the strain of keeping tabs
on the Hearst delegates and on the Hon.
Charles F. Murphy was telling on Mr. Con-
ners was evidenced in a scene that occurred
in the hall this morning. Mr. Conners
came rushing out of Mr. Murphy's room
after having been sent for and was mei by
one of Mr. Ihmsen's staff.

“Mr. Ihmsen wants to see you at once,”
was the message Mr. Conners got.

“Tell Mr. Ihmsen [ can’t see him just
now,” said Mr. Conners excitedly.

“But you must,” said Mr. Ihmsen's body-
guard in a loud voice.

“Well, I won't,” roared the Hon. Fingey
in a tone that could be heard clear down
the hall and brought the Hearst men run-
ning from all directions.

Mr. Conners went into his room and shut
the coor of the inner room. Five minutes
later Mr. Conners meekly followed another
messenger down into Mr. Ihmsen’s rooms
and the Hearst men breathed easy again.
Mr. Ihmsen sent for Mr. Conners several
imes after that and Mr. Conners found it
convenient to go at once to Mr. Ihmsen.

The Hearst men early this forenoon,
while their estimates of Hearst's vote in
the convention were soaring, raised the
ery that money was being used to beat.
them. They have kept it up all day. A
careful list has been kept of all the dele-
gates instructed for Hearst and of all the
delegates supposed to favor Hearst. They
have been met at the station as fast as
they arrive by some of Mr. Hearst's corps
of trained workers and théy have been
escorted right to the room of Mr. Conners
from the station. After .they had got
through being talked to by*Mr. Conners
and had been taken in and shown to Mr.
Murphy they were allowed to roam around
some, but they were ever under the watch-
ful eyes of Mr. Mackey, Mr. Driscoll or
some of the other State organizers em-
ployed by Mr. Hearst. Even with this
careful system of espionage the He rst
workers didn't seem to feel sure that these
up-State delegates would stand firm under
the awful | ressure they said was being
brought to bear upon them. They said
that each vote in the convention for Hearst
would be evidence of the inoorruptibility
of the delegate who cast it.

“Mr. Hearst will have 300 votes on the
first ballot.” said Field Marshal Conners
late this afternoon, after it had been de-
cided to raise this cry of bribery and make
the most of it. “A second ballot will be
unnecessary. Mr. Murphy is for Mr. Hearst,
all reporta to the contrary. He has made
no definite statement for publication, but
we expect him to do this after the Tam-
many delegation gets here to-night. Mr.
Hearst will walk away with this convention,
even if the Ryan-Belmont crowd are tryin
to buy the delegates. They can't get ensuge
of the boys to have any effect. Of course
they will get a few, but the delegates elected
in the greater number of counties are for
decent @overnment,and they know they
will get it if Mr. Hearst is elected.”

Thar is a sample of the talk Mr. Conners
has been handing out all day when he waan’t
seeing delegates or rushing achoss the hall
to Mr. Murphy's room.

Just before the time for the State com-
mittee to meet Mr. Conners claimed that
of the fifty members of the State com-
mittee Mr. Hearst was certain of twenty-
eight and a little doubtful of the twenty-
ninth. He said that the three vacancies
would be filled by Hearst men. Mr. Conners,
of course, didn’t hand out along with this
statement the names of the men ke ex-
pected to line up for Mr. Hearst. You
couldn't knock that out of any of the Hearst
cabinet with a crowba’.

One of the men who has given some
troubie to the Hearst bunch of organizers
is the Hon. James K. McGuire of Syracuse.
Mr. McGuire hadn't been found by them
up till late this afternoon. He was to have
arrived here last evening. Mr. MoGuire
was down on the programme of the Hearst
men to fill either the place of temporary
chairman of the con. ntion or to make the
8 h nominating Mr. Hearst. Mr.

cGuire was to have carried all of Onon-
daga county for Heurst. but he succeeded
in getting the delegates in only one dis-
trict instructed for him. Nevertheless, the
Hearst people have been making much of
the capture of Mr. MoGuire. A day long
there have been loud calls for him. Ac-
cording to the story circulated this after-
noon Mr. McGuire was to have boarded
ee vate qatery wots to-night at

yracuge. © Twentiet entu st
7 a pane only. - .—

n order see that Mr. McGuire got
from East Buffalo to the Iroquois Hotel
safely Andrew Kilgallen, chief of police of
West eca, was sent to meet him. But
Mr. McGuire wasn't aboard the train. The
Hearst people tried to locate him in Syra-
cuse and failed. They have been sending
out telegrams all day long addressed to
Mr. MoGuire at different plices on this
part of the globe, but he tai not arrived
early this evening and it could not be learned
that any of the telegrams had been an-
swered. In the absence of Mr. McGuire
the Hearst men began to talk of Lewis
Nixon as their candidate for temporary
chairman, so that Mr. McGuire appears
to have missed one of his jobs by not howe
“Ets tow init hat M

n lew that Max Ihmesen ha
gven out to-day Mr. Ihmsen has insisted
that he was here simply as a spectator.
Mr. Thmsen is the chairman of the State
committee of the Independence League.
That of course requires him to keep behind
the ecenes. As one of the Hearst men said
it wouldn't do at all for the Independence

ue to be outwardly represented and
pulling wires at the convention of another
political party. Nowhere do you find any
signs bearing the name of the Lea nor
ony e = anger’ literature. over

; "8 j
wore Hearst.” 8 stuck just the one

© fear of reminding some of the
gates to the Democratie State coeaie
that Mr. Hearst has been nominated already
a7, “nother political party, eeems to haunt
the Hearst workers here ‘and has oc: used
many of them to keep in the baokgr: uid.
All day long to-day Mr. Ihmsen hasn't
| veniuved near the third floor of the Iro-
| quois, where the different headquarters
are, including that of Mr. Conners. In fact
| Mr. Thmhen hasn't hardly been out of me
| own room. It took hard work to find Mr.
Ihmsen in Buffalo at all this morning, when
he wes finally discovered in a room th a re-
mote part the second floor. He hasn’t
seen any of the delegates and the delegates
tepals Sa
p on
chairman of another ty” =
Mr. Mackey and some of the other agents

ee eee
a

‘T° the man who
doesn’t get complete
satisfaction in the cigar-
ette he is now smoking
—whether it's costly or
cheap, try the “Bairam.”
It is made to prove cor.
rect value—and does. It
is most economical, be.
cause it offers most—
finest quality at the fair.
est price.

prove in the smoking—
and that’s the only true
test. They are neither
costly nor cheap. But
they are just as econom-
ical to the smoker of less
expensive brands as they
are acceptable to the
smoker of the more
costly kinds. They are
the best for both!

20¢ for 10
S. Anargyros

Manufacturer

111 Fifth Avenue New York

who organized the Independence League
clubs in the State have not kept so much
in the background as Mr. Ihmsen. They
have been busy rounding up delegates for
Mr. Conners and taking orte Bom the
Conners headquarters to Mr. Ihmsen in
his secluded quarters on the second floor.
Mr. Ihmsen, of course, couldn't with pro-
priety doany great amount of talking to-day.
About the most he could say was that Mr.
Conners had aseured him that @ maiority
of the State committee of the Democratic
party was for Mr. Hearst, and that he be-
lieved that the convention of the Demo-
cratic party would indorse Mr. Hearst.

Mr. Ihmsen had severa! earnest confabe
with Louis Stuyvesant Chanler, Mr. Hearst's
running mate on the Independence League
ticket. There isn't much talk by the Heart
ehoutera about Mr. Chanier. T. Thmsen's
talks with him led many to believe that
Mr. Chanler might be going to retire from
the ticket of the Independence League
along with other candidates in the event
of Mr. Hearst’s indorsement here. Mr.
Ihmsen said he hadn't heard of any such
thing. Mr. Chanler is the only candidate
on the Independence League ticket that
appears to be in evidence here. He had
nothing to say for publication.

RUNNING SORES:
COVERED LIMBS

Little Girl’s Obstinate Case of
Eczema — Instantaneous Relief
By Cuticura— Little Boy’s Hands
and Arms Also Were a Mass
of Torturing Sores — Grateful
Mother Says:

“CUTICURA REMEDIES
A HOUSEHOLD STANDBY”

*In reply to your letter I write yo"
my experience, and you are privileged
to use it as you see fit. Last year,
after having my little girl treated by »
‘very prominent physician for an obsti-
nate case of eczema, I resorted to the
Cuticura Remedies, and was so well
pleased with the almost instantaneo.s
relief afforded that we discarded the

hysician’s ription and relied en-
irely on the Cuticura Soap, Cuticurs
Ointment, and Cuticura Pills, When
we commenced with the Cuticura Rem-
edies her feet and limbs were covered
with running sores, In about six weeks
we had her completely well, and there
has been no recurrence of the trou! !:.

“In July of this year a little boy ia
our family poisoned his hands and arms
with ay oak, and in twenty-for
hours his hands and arms were a ™°*3
of torturing sores. We used only the
Cuticura medies, washing his bands
and arms with the Cuticura Soap, snd
anointed them with the Cuticura (in'-
ment, and then gave him the Cuticurs
Resolvent. In about three weeks his
hands and arms healed up; so we have
lots of cause for feeling grateful for the
Cuticura Remedies. We find that ‘he
Cuticura ies are a valuable
household standby, living as we 4°
twelve miles from a doctor, and where
it costa from twenty to twenty-five dol-
lars to come up on the mountein.
peapecttully rs. Lizzie Vincent
Thomas, Fairmount, Walden’s Ridge,
Tenn., Oct. 13, 1905.”

Complete External and Interna] Treatment for Eve"y
Bamor, wom to Serofula, from Inteney eam
t, We, ¥

Me. le
Coated Pills,