WHAT'S UP? SARATOGA’S CRY. |

 

DELEGATES BEWILDERED, FOR
NO BOSS I[§ AROUND,

 

party Bindgeon on the Shelf and a Misty
Pudding Betng Stirred—Former Boss
and Aides Are on the Fence to Watch
the Procession, but There Is None.

SaraToGA, Sept. 24.—“What's doing?”
inquired the firat delegate to alight from
a train at the Saratoga station on Sunday.

“What's doing?” was the first query of
the delegates who got here yesterday.

“What's doing?” was interrogated by
the later arrivals this morning, and to this
universal inquiry there was no satisfactory
response. All hands, from Herbert Par-
aons down, were waiting for a single word
from Higgins and Higgins had gone home
to ask his wife. The entire day was spent
by ® out of every 100 delegates waiting
for kat one word. All the one hundredth
per , and a few more taken into their
co nce, knew not long after the hour
of noon that Gov. Higgins had returned
to Albany from Olean with a feminine veto
to his standing again for the Gubernatorial
office, and alsothat the Governor for various
reasons had decided not to overrule that
veto.

The insiders, such as Mr. Parsons, Super-
{ndendent of Public Works Franchot,
Superintendent of Banking Milburn, ex-
Superintendent of Insurance Hendricks,
and Senator William Tully had been almost
certain that Higgins would decline the
nomination, but even so they would not
admit that they were able to see the next
step ahead after this declination should
be announced.

The corridors and parlors of the United
States Hotel bore a certain resemblance to
a beehive when the queen bee has incau-
tiously stayed out over night. There were
consultations in corners, furtive but excited
whisperings close to ears, stealthy scurry-
ings to and fro, protracted talks over long
distance telephones. Mr. Parsons himself
had one telephone talk and the news soon
went around that the man at the other end
of the wire was speaking from Oyster Bay.

The few wise ones were not long in hearing
that the Presidential foot had been put
down hard on the suggestion of Timothy
L. Woodruff’s name and that the mention
of Lieut.-Gov. M. Linn Bruce’s name was
not greeted with more enthusiasm. Soon
the Hughes boom had a recrudescence of
windy suspiration that was not long in being
traced to Mr. Parsons’s telephone talk.

ODELL WATCHES THE CONFUSION.

All this turmoil and hubbub was watched | Senator

calmly, almost stolidly, by a burly man,
with grizzled hair and a stubby mustache,
from an easy chair in the corner of the big
hotel writing room.
man wandered over to his corner to speak a
word or two, quite casually. For the most
part the burly man sat there in solitude
smoking a long, black cigar and studying
the antics of the queenless bees in the hotel
lobbies. Occasionally he smiled a grim,
philosophic smile and lighted another cigar.
His name was Benjamin B. Odell, Jr., and
he was engaged in passing his last few
hours as chairman of the Republican State
committed.

Over in another corner of the hotel, open-
ing upon the courtyard promenade, was a
big room. It contained a few bare desks
and several placards reading: “Headquar-
ters N. Y. County Republican Committee.”
Otherwise it was empty. It was the head-
quarters of the Republican county com-
mittee in name only.

BLUDGEON ON THE SHEL?.

Had Odell and Quigg beaten Parsdna at
ast Tvesday's primaries it would have been
the rea! thing instead of the hollow mockery
its own placards and its emptiness stamped
it. Only a few doors down the promenade
was to be found the genuine headquarters
of the county committee, and the cottage
of Herbert Parsons was not far off. Yes,
there was no doubt about it, no doubt
whatever. The bludgeon had been laid on
the shelf. It was already gathering mould
and with eve:y passing moment getting to
Jook more and more like the stuffed club of
vaiwdeville.

“It was a brutal weapon,” remarked one
political philosopher who had noted all
these things, “and I'm glad it is on the shelf.
1 hope it will never come down again, but
in its place we have about seven candy
canes wielded by seven individuals, all of
whom are more or less inept and uncon-
vineing.” '

Still another political sharp put it more
tersdly when asked how the situation looked
to him

“It ain't a situation,” said he; “it’s a hasty
pudding.”

The bludgeon was on the shelf, but ita
relegation to retirement was not followed
by all that demonstration of a free and
untrammelled electorate, confident of its
powers and intent on using them to the
full, that many optimists had hoped to see.
There were no arriving trainloads of dele-
gates from all over that State, each group
with its own particular favorite son whom
it had resolved to push for his sterling
qualities of mind and of heart and for
whom it would stand in convention to the
last gasp. There were no caucusing of the
clans, no enthusiastic rush in any direction
whatever, no admiring groups gathered
about hopeful candidates.

BRACKETT THE ONLY. CANDIDATE AROUND.

There was, indeed, only one man who
openly avowed himself a candidate. The
single exception was Senator Edgar Truman
Brackett of Saratoga, and he described
himself as being merely in a receptive con-
dition as regards the nomination. He
was making no canvass for it. If it came
he would take it—that was all. At the
same time he was losing no reasonable
opportunity to make i clear that he would
not decline to be Governor if he had the
chance.

There were Brackett buttons to be had
for anybody who would wear them, but
for the most pari the enthusiasm for
Brackett appearéd to be confined to the
shop windows. These were full of speak-
ing likenesses of the Senator, headed with
the trenchant legend: “For Governor.”

The Senator himself outlined his attitude
With this tale

“A while ago, some farmer away up
north caught an elk and went around the
Sountry fairs exhibiting the beast. He
Charged ten cents a single person, but he
ould allow a family to se@ the creature
for 15 cants. One day, along came a Rube
with his wife and about sixteen children.

“Those all your kids?” asked the show-
man, surveying the youthful mob.

“'Every one on 'em,’ said the Rube.

“Walk right in’, said the showman.
"Walk right in fer rothin’, It'll be as much
@ treat fer my elk to see your fam'ly as fer
Your fam'ly to see my elk.’

“Which, heing interpreted,” went on the
Senator, “means that by election time ®
think the party will need my kind of candi-
date as much as the candidate will need
the party.”

THE MEN ON TRE FENCE. .

And yet, the Brackett buttons are not
Widely worn. Beside the hasty pudding
Stirrers and the multitude of constituents

     

 

|
|

|

\
'

|

 

 

 

 

' lg Thate,Company is ome
powered by law te receive
trust moneys. Executors de-
positing such moneys with
the Company are ‘absolved
by lew from responsibility as

to loss.
THE Equitable Trust

Company will at-
tend to every. detail
of your banking busi-
ness.

T! EQUITABLE
TRUST COMPANY
OF NEW YORK
Fifteen Nassau Street

Cepliel, . . . 3,000,000
Surplus and Profits, §3:800:b00
(Interest allowed on d

ae

 

 

of the hasty pudding there is a third dis -
tinct grade of politician at Saratoga, They
go about quietly, herd by themselves and
appear like elderly and leisurely persons
taking a vacation. They are men who
under the Odell regime used to wait for
the word and then lead the procession.
At present they sit on the fence to watch
the procession go by. Of course, as yet
there isn't any procession. There are even
no well ordered ranks of paraders, uni-
formed and equipped and ready for the
word as in the old days. There is only a
mob rushing hither and thither and agita-
tedly inquiring: “What's doing?”

One of the men now decorating the fence
is Senator Frederick C. Stevens of Wyoming
county, Washington and Newport. It was
supposed that if the Odell-Quigg combina-
tion had won at the primaries he might
have been named for Governor. At all
events, he would have been somewhere
near the head. of the procession. Instead,
he adorns the fence. By his side Edward
Lauterbach swings his short legs idly
and basks in the sun, smiling at the con-
fusion of the mob but taking no part in it.

Others accustomed to drill the recruits
and inform them of their duties have de-
clined to come and sit on the Saratoga
fence, now that their old jobs are taken
from them. Among these is William C,
Warren of Buffalo, who was s8o signally
defeated in the Erie county primaries by
Postmaster Fred Greiner.

KX-U. 8. BENATORS HISCOCK AND MILLER.

Probably the most picturesque presence
now observable at the convention city
is that contributed by ex-United States
Frank Hiscock. Tall, broad-
shouldered, his broad, high forehead
crowned by a shock of luxuriant, white hair,
he atalks majestically about the corridors,

 

Occasionally some | bis hands clasped behind his back looking
| every inch the Senator that he was.

Not
far from him in the hotel dining room sits
another ex-United States Senator, Warner
D. Miller, who fell “outaide the breast-
works,” but is now once more decidedly
on the inside. They met and shook hands
to-day in the lobby, and more than one
person who saw them made a mental note.
Neither of the men who to-day sit in th
seats that they once filled at Washington
is here. In fact, Senator Platt and Senator
Depew have seldom in al] their long careers
made themselves more conspicuous than
by their absence from Saratoga at this
time. And a good many persons, as they
saw Miller and Hiscock meet, were asking
themselves if it was not better to be a live
ex-Senator than a dead real one.

Probably the gayest sight now to be
observed on the Satatoga horizon is that
afforded by the presence of Ezra D. Pren-
tice, who defeated Richard Van Cott in the
primary fight oflast Tuesday in the Twenty-
fifth Assembly district of New York city.
Mr. Prentice, attired as if for luncheon
at the Newport Casino, strolls about the
lobby radiating a smile calculated to warm
the most world weary heart and looking
every inch the victor.

YOUNG BLOOD RUNNING THINGS.

Very much of a type with Mr. Prentice
are Herbert Parsons and Speaker Wads-
worth and the sight of these three in con-
ference naturally suggested to many an
observer the thought that a comparatively
new element was coming to the fore in the
councils of the Republican party. It gave
rise to some speculation as to whether
the so-called better element was not be-
ginning to show a capacity for mastering
the elements of practical politics of which
many people had not thought it capable.

The fact that Mr. Parsons and Mr. Wads-
worth are indubitably very close to Presi-
dent Roosevelt coupled with the fact that
Mr. Prentice is quite as close to Messrs.
Parsons and Wadsworth and that all three
of them are very plainly on top of the politi-
cal heap at prosont mado it sesm not im-
possible that the party is entering upon
a period of direction at the hands of brains
and breeding.

“If it turns out that way,” said an old
timer, “it may be that they will be abie
to work out some sort of an acceptable
compromise between the bludgeon and
the hasty pudding.”

RAINBOW FOR DRISCOLL.

There is one m&n here present who feela
that the immediate future is pregnant
with rosy possibilities for his political for-
tunes. He is Representative Michael Dris-
coll of Syracuse. Mr. Driscoll ia slated to
be the temporary chairman of the oonven-
tion and his friends have been reminding
him that one man who became Governor
owed his success in no small degree to the
quality of the speech he made as tempo-
rary chairman of the Republican conven-
tion. They referred, of course, to the case
of FrankS. Black. Mr. Driscoll is pondering

ooo
The Weather.

An area of high pressure central over Lake Huron
and spreading over all the eastern half of the country
caused & cool wave yesterday from Wisconsin over
the Lake regions and Ohio Valley eastward to the
Middle Atlantic and New England States, and
lower temperatures at almost all points east of the
Mississippi River. A storm formation was wedging
itd way in over Montana and the Dakotas, accom-
panied by high winds In Minnesota and the Da-
kotas, butno rain, On the Pacific Coast the pressure
was high

It was cloudy in the Southern States and light
rain or thunderstorms occurred at scattered potnots,
due generally to local causes; elsewhere fair weather
prevatied. Higher temperatures were reported
from the upper Missourt Valley and tn the Rocky
Mountains. Frosta occurred in New York, Ver-
montand Michigan.

In this city the day was fair and much cooler;
wind, fresh northwest to northeast; average humid-
fty, 52 per gent.; barometer, corrected to read to
sen level, at®@ A. M., 30.20;3 P. M., 30.22.

The temperature yesterday as recorded by the

 

official thermometer is shown in the annexed
table:

06. = =—1906.| 1900. 1905.
9A, M.. 58° 56°, 6P. M oe me
BB Bleu: concn 62°| OP. 63° a2°
aP. M.......06° 06°12 Mid 63° 60°

Highest temperature, 67", at 2:20 P. M.
WASHINOT ON PORECAST FOR TO-DAYAND TO MORROW

For eastern New York and New England, fatr
to-day and to-morrow; warmer to-morrow; diminish-
ng north winds,

For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela-
ware, fair, to-day and to-morrow; fresh northeast
winds.

For the District of Columbia, Maryland and
Virginia, fair to-day and to-morrow; fresh north
erst winds.

For western New York and western Pennsy!
vania, fair to-day and to-morrow; light sortheast
ehiftine tr southeast, winds,

     

———$ —— ————— -

eras me LA

morrow.

“Seems to me,” remarked a State Sena-
tor who ocoupied one of the most conspiou-
ous of the seate among the idle on the fence,
“that the friends of some of these booms
are overlooking a God-given opportunity
to biace ‘em up. Fi

“Now, take the M. Linn Bruce beom for
example. Any political dootor would tell
you that it is suffering from overwork,
Seema to me a little Congress Spring water,
judiciously administered, would have a
beneficial effect. Would'nt ‘to any harm,
anyway.

“Then there's the Woodruff boom. It's
suffering from contusions administered by
the big stick. I should suggest a proper
quantity of Patterson Spring water. At
any rate it would not do the slightest harm
and maybe 'twould be just what the Wood-
ruff boom needs.

“As for the Parsons boom, anemia seems
to be the trouble with that. I should think
its friends would try the Hawthorne Springs.
What's the use of holding our convention
at a health resort if the enfeebled and the
sick are not to be allowed to get the benefit
of its.advantages? But no, they all seem to
think talk is the panacea.”

Senator Horace White arrived this after-
noon. Shortly afterward twenty-three
pairs of trousers and twelve waistcoats
were observed being carried to the hotel.
Immediately it was seen that Senator White
had a boom for Lieutenant-Governor.

Two notables of Congress now here are
Sereno E. Payne of

Sweet Auburn, loveliest Village of the Plain,

Home of the Convict, the Theologue and

the Insane.

as a certain bard of Auburn once wrote,
and Congressman James 8. Sherman, chair-
man of the Republican Congressional cam-
paign committee, “Send a Dollar Jim,” in
fact. With Mr. Sherman is his son, who
plays golf, and looks so much like his father
that in a dim light it is hard to tell them
apart.

Congressman Sherman is telling a story
of his recent primary victory over Davies.
At college the Congressman was a member
of the Sigma Phi fraternity. After he had
won at the recent primaries one of his op-
ponents went about explaining it thus:

“I tell you, these college clubs is great.
We'd a beat Jim Sherman out of sight if it
wa'n't for them Signifies. When my boy
goes to college he’s going to be a Signify,
sure as you're afoot high.” +

BROOKLYN'S JUDICIARY SLATE.

 

Col. James D. Bell and Lake D. Stapieton
Slated as Democratic Nominees.

It was reported yesterday that it had
been practically decided before the depart-
ure of the Brooklyn delegation to the
Buffalo convention that the Democratic
Judiciary convention, which is to be held
next week, to nominate eight Supreme
Court Justices in the Second district, would
make up a complete ticket of its own, ig-
noring the recommendations of the citizens’
committee of one hundred as well as
the claims of the Independence League or
M. O. L. for recognition on the ticket.

It was admitted, however, that should
the unexpected happen and Hearst be
nominated at Buffalo there probably would
be a fusion between the regular Democrats
and the following of Hearst in the makeup
of the Judiciary ticket. It was said at the
same time that Senator McCarren
already slated Col. James D. Bell and Luke
D. Stapleton for two of the places on the
ticket and that aetning souls take place at
Buffalo to upset his plans in that respect.
Col. Bell is chairman of the Democratio
county committee and is Cipuis Corpora-
tion Counsel in charge in klyn. He
was a Police Commissioner in the old city
of Brooklyn, is a prominent Grand Army
man and has been active in politics for
thirty years.

Mr. Stapleton, who served a term as
Deputy Corporation Counsel and has a
high standing at the bar, has also been
long active in politics and, like Col. Bell,
has been a steadfast supporter of Senator
McCarren. He has been known as the
silver tongued orator of the Kings county
Democracy.

 

NO WORD FROM GAYNOR.

 

But His Brooklyn Friends Believe He
Would Accept a Nomination for Governor.

Many personal and political friends of
Justice William J. Gaynor dropped in to
see him yesterday at his chambers in the
Appellate Division Court in the Borough
Hall, Brooklyn, in regard to the mixed up
situation at Buffalo. Among the callers
were Col. James D. Ball, chairman of the
Democratic county committee; former
Surrogate George B. Abbott and Charles
T. Dunning of Goshen, N. Y. They ex-
pressed the hope that Justice Gaynor
would not decline the nomination for Gov-
ernor in case it should be tendered to him,
but would consider it his duty to lead the
party in its crisis.

While Justice Gaynor declined to make
any statement for publication, it was the
general impression among his friends last
night that he would not rejuse 4 uvimina-
tion, and that Senator McCarren before
his departure for Buffalo had received
assurances from the Justice to that effect.

 

HEARST AT A WIRE'S END.

Supervising His Own Hunt for the Demo-
cratic Nomination,

Although William R. Hearst, on the ad-
vice of his managers, returned to town
on Sunday after speaking at the county
fair at Albion, instead of going on to Buffalo,
he kept on the end of a Buffalo wire yester-
day. The wire was run into his house at
Lexington avenue and Twenty-eighth street
aad two operators were busy receiving and
sending messages.

Mr. Hearst will go to-morrow morning
to Rome, where he will make a speech at
the fair of the Oneida Agricultural Society.
On Thursday he will speak at the Dutchess
county fair at rongpuscees and on Friday
night he is to be the ncipal figure at a
demonstration which he has arranged for
his own benefit to be held in Madison
Square Garden. .

Hint to Government Employees te Send a
Dollar to Republican Campaign Fund,
WasHINGTON, Sept. 24.—“Have you gent

your dollar to the Republicans?” is the

gentle reminder that appears on a little
circular that is being circulat n Wash-
ington in behalf of the Republican Con-

~asional committee, of which Representa-
tive James S. Sherman of New York is
chairman. The committee expects to raise

a pretty war fund among the faithful

employ’ in the executive departments,

oad in order that the pros ive ocon-
tributors may not be put to the itrouble of
sending their money by mail to New York,
eadquarters have been opened in Wash-
on, where subscriptions will be re-
ceived. Sidney Bieber, a leading Republi-
can politician in this voteless community,
is in charge.
———EEEEEE—EEEEEEEE

 

 

Suppose you quit

10 days and see if

Coffee

is the trouble. Meantime use

POSTUM

“There’s a Reason”

are

Pow tee
5

SUN, '

 

Kida

  
  
   
   

> uF

Investments protected
and financial enterprises aided
by experienced counsel.

      
 
 

,

Suffern & Son

Certified Pubile Accountents
60 WALL 8T., NEW YORK

HIGGINS MEN
WANT BRUCE

Continued from Firet Page.

  
 
    

 

 

 

or Root as the head of the ticket were met
with the remarks that there was no senti-
ment for Hughes outside of New York
county, and that the Republican workers
up the State felt that they would get just
as much in theway of patronageand sinews
of war were a Demoorat elected Governor
as they would if the Republicans put a
man of the type of Hughes in the chief
executive, chair at Albany. ®

This expresses the basis upon which
the State ticket will be nominated by the
convention on Wednesday if the presen’
intention of the Higgins kitchen cabin
prevails then.

DRISCOLL TO BB TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN.

The State committee held an extremely
brief meeting at 8 o'clock to-night in the
ballroom of the United States Hotel. Only
business of a routine character was trans-
acted. Chairman Odell presided and Rep-
resentative Michael Driscoll of Syracuse
was selected for temporary chairman of
the convention, which assembles at noon
to-morrow. After arrangements.had been
made for the distribution of tickete to the
convention hall the committee adjourned.

VINDICATION FOR HIGGING.

After the official announcement of Gov,
Higgins’s retirement reached Saratoga
his close personal friends were jubilant in
expressing the opinion that the Governor
could retire with honor because there was
no question that he could’ have a re-
nomination for the asking.

One of the Governor's friends said to-
night:

“I had known since June that Gov. Hig-
gins would not seek a renomination, be-
cause of his health and for family reasons.
The Governor feels that he has made a
splendid record as Governor in the interests
of the people and that when history analyzes
the many acts of his administration nothing
but credit ‘will be accorded him for two
years of service in the interest of the
people. Had it not been for the fact that
some Republicans personally attackad the
Governor and declared that he could not
be renominated the Governor before to-
day would have announced his intention
of not seeking a renomination.

“But he is a hard man to drive and only
the opposition manifested by these Re-
publicans whom the people repudiated
at the primaries Tuesday last made
the Governor hesitate as to whether he
would accept a renomination. Since the
primaries resulted in such an emphatic
indorsement of the Governor’s administra-
tion, he has told bis friends he would not
run again, but at their request postponed
hig final decision until to-day. Mean-
while his friends and Republicans from
all over the State have endeavored to per-
suade the Governor that it was his duty
to run again, but without avail.”

 

COLBY IN MONTCLAIR.

.
Intente Interest: in Today's Primaries —
° Business Men: With Colby.

Montcuiain, N. J., Sept. 24.—Never be-
fore in the history of Montclair has there
been such nervous tension in anticipation
of a political event as is shown over the
outcome of to-morrow'’s primaries by
Colby men and organization men alike.
New York business men are nearly all sup-
porting the Colby movement, as they did
one year io, when scores of automobiles
were pede into service on election day to
bring their friends to the polls. The older
residents of the town are conservative and
do not want to turn the organizatien down.
The Colby men have carried the fight
into doca) affairs and will oppose Council-
man Alworth in the Fourth ward and Coun-
cilman Gorton in the Second. In the
Fourth ward the Colby. men have named
J. Lester Parsons, a New York business
man, as their choice; in the Second ward
Walter MacNaughton, a broker of Man-
hattan, will strive to defeat Mr. Gorton
at the polls. —-

The leader of the Colby faction in Mont-
clair is William B. Dickson, second vice-
president ‘of the United States Steel Cor-
oration. , Last year the Colby. men won
in several wards by the following ma-
jorities: First ward, 131; Second ward,
170; Third. ward, 243; Fourth ward, 45.

 

NOT A CANDIDATE, SAVS CANNON,

Speaker Says Presidential Bee Isn't Buz-
zing in Alls Head.

St. Louis, Sept. 24.—Speaker Cannon
passed through St. Louis to-day on his
way to Sedalia to begin a campaign tour
through the State.
“I am not a candidate for the Presidency
and there is no such a bee in my head,”
said the Speaker. “When the next Re-
publican convention meets it will look
over the records of the men and will name
the beet man,
“I am out todo what I can toward electing
Repu blican members of Congress to assure
plican House, for if the House is
epublican there will be little chance
for a Republican candidate to be ‘elected
President.”
When asked about the Cuban situation
Speaker Canhon said:
“Of course it would be bad taste for me
to say anything about Cuba with the Seore-
tary of fe and the President handling
the matter. The United States will see
that justice is done and the trouble ended.
I think that Cuba is large enough to take
care of herdelf and could end the trouble
if the right steps were taken.”

BLACK ROBBERS FOILED.

a Re
not

 

 

They Are Boys and Tackled Johnnie Ryan,
Messenger, Who Knocked Them Out.

Johnnie Ryan, post office messenger for
the New York and New Jersey Telephone
Company, was.sent with a bag of mail to
post at the general post office, Brooklyn,
yesterday. He was held up at Pearl and
Johnson streets by a gang of colored boys.
They seized the bag and asked him to sur-
render it. Ryan said he would whip the
boys one at atime but he couldn't lick the
whole colored race.

The gang said he would have to fight ail
hands. Ryan grabbed the bag back and
used it in his defenc>, finally driving the
negro boys off. He reported the attack t6
the police, and Lewis B..Good, 14 years of
age, of 206 Myrtle avenue, and Thomas
McFarland, aged 14, of 58 Fleet place, were
in the
street, .

arrested. Last night th al
a S°OrG. shelter ob Bcbortmerbern

   

 

 
  
 

 
   
  
   

 

$15.00 to $45.00.
Perhaps you have been impressed with

ments of fall coats.

collar and stitched or vented cuffs. Fashioned

 

oxford: gray or black.

centre vent.

oo

W.6 J: SLOANE

The popularity of the

WILTON CARPET

is too firmly established to require
argument in its behalf.

With those who prefer this closely-
woven, artistic, but extremely durable
weave, a wise precaution in purchas-
ing is to make certain of securing a
good Wilton, for the mere name of
the fabric is not a guarantee of its
quality.

We carry a very extensive line of
the world’s best Wiltons, goods upon
which we have learned for years to
place every reliance. They include:

French Wiltons, figured and plain.

English Wiltons, in beautiful de-
signs and colors.

Domestic Wiltons, in Oriental,
Two-tone and Floral effects,
as well as Plain Wilton Fillings,
27 and. 36 in. wide, and Stair Car-

pets, 54, 36 and 27 in. wide.

     

 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
     

Broadway & Nineteenth Street

 

 

BRIDEGROOM PINCHED,

 

But He Breaks Away, Jumps Several |

Fences and Disappears in New Jersey.

Montciatr, N. J., Sept. 24.—-Cosino |
Mareno, a young and handsome Italian, | Dulos’s men's furnishing store at 1436
came to Montclair to-day, and a few hours | Broadway last night and carefully picked
later was married to Miss Nellis Andriella; | Out @ dozen collars, a necktie and a fancy
a pretty Italian girl, by a Newark justice of | Waistcoat. When they had been packed up
the peace. This was preliminary to the he searched his pce ets and in great dismay
religious ceremony which was to mark the | announced that he had left his money ct

beginhing of a celebration at the home of | home. y
“But I am Archbishop Ferley’s nephew,”

Man, Who Said He Was
Nephew, Vanishes With Haberdashery.

A suave young man walked into D, C.

 

Miss Amndriella's parents in Glenridge | X
avenue he added. “Send some one With me tot o
Preparations for the religious ceremony | Archbishop's house and I will get the

were interrupted late in the afternoon by | money.”
the appearance of two Jersey City detec-
tives, who had a warrant for Mareno’s

arrest on a charge of larceny. While the
detectives were on their way to the Mont- }
clair police station the bridegroom broke ,
away from them, jumped several fences

and disappeared
PULL STRAWS IN COURT FOR CAT.

dral, Where the young man took the bundle
and left him sitting in @ pew.

“i'll be back in « second,” aaid the
stranger, but he came not and the clerk,
after making inquiries, returned to the
store,

 

Train Kills Locomotive Engineer,

 

Norman Otis Wondell, a locomotive
engineer, was struck by a New York Central
train at 164th street yesterday and

Judge Decides a Case Similar to the One
That Made Selomon Famous.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 24.--In a final | gtantly killed.
effort to settle a case that would have |
puzzled Solomon, Alderman Donohue, who
has a reputation for novel decisions, to-day
made the disputants pull straws, and de- |
cided in favor of the winner. \

Miss Minnie Custer owns a cat which gave |
birth to three kittens in the home of Miss
Fannie Moore.

Miss Moore claimed the kittens and when
she would not give them up Miss Custer
locked up the cat.

Miss Moore accused her of cruelty to ani-
mals and the Humane Society sent Officer
Haffert to tavestignte.

Jn this manner the case got before Alder-
man Donohue to-day. He could not find
legal precedent for deciding the ownership
of the kittens, and ordered the two women
to pull straws.

Miss Custer won. She will give Miss ,
Moore a kitten when it is weaned.

 

hese are the days
for a jaunt in the
‘country and a bottle of

 

to cap the climax.
Out-door life and
‘Evans’ Ale go together

Take it with you in Auto or pocket

 

 

The Gunbeoat Helena Safe. |

WaSHINGTON, Sept. 24.-—-The gunboat
Helena, which was reported to have been |
lost off the Chinese coast, arrived safely at |
Shanghai on Saturday, according to ad-
vices received to-day at the Navy Depart-
ment.
—_—_—_—_— ee

 

| Sheraton Bed

A reprodiiction
in which the ma-
| hogany is not less
rich than that used
| by the great Fur-

CRAVING FOR LIQUOR} by the srcar Fur.

Positively Removed in from 12 to 45 hours | design is an exact

ANY REGULAR PHYSICIAN | copy and every de-

; tal of the work-
Can administer the Treatment under the |) manship is sufficiently ‘guarantced by
direction of the

OPPENHEIMER INSTITUTE
159 West S4th Street, New Vork.
ALWAYS OPEN.

Brooklyn Office,
44 Court St,

 

 

,ing our nearly fifty years of specializing
in none but classic Furniture.
The cut merely suggests

see the bed can you form an adequate
Downtown Office, idea of its quiet and unobtrusive elegance.
170 Broadway. |

MORPHINISM | Schmitt Brot he : “4

and all drag addictions permanentiy cared | Established 1858
and absolately without saffering. Seen
UNDERTAKERS.

|
NN ee ent enn

STEPHEN MERRITT BURIAL C.,
Oth av, and 106b a, : Toe LAY Foctace.

 

Cut this out and send with address for free
Miteratuse wito full information. 2.

Distinctive Fall Top-Coats and Overcoats for Men

relative to an absolutely new model, that marks announce-

new shadow checks, stripes, plaids and mixtures,

pie | Sake & Company eas)

 

| usED CATHEDRAL TO SWINDLE. |
Archbishop's |

A clerk carried the bundle to the Cathe- |

in- |
He lived at Yorktown, N. Y.
. |

Evans’ Ale

ey a

| Our Own reputation for thoroughness dur- |

not until you |

  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  

  
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
  
 

the solemn silence

Let us disturb the hush and describe for your benefit a
coat that is not only new, but “‘sane and conservative.”

A loosely draped model, 46 inches long, with an 18.inch centre vent or '
without a vent, creased side seams, flap-patch pockets, inlaid velvet

of gray fabrics in
$22 to $35,

We are standing pat on that fifteen dollar silk-lined-
throughout fall overcoat of ours (of which we did boast
so much in seasons past)—it is still fifteen dollars.

In

After we leave the two extremes, the diversity of fabrics
and models is infinite—from the dinky top-coat to the
long, form-defining coats with creased side seams and

 

 

   

Vie.

| Straight Line Last.

A ghoe made on a perfectly straight
last, without the usual “swing” on
the outside.

It isan exceedingly comfortable shoe
for many feet and hasthetrim, straight
appearance p by so many care-
ful dressers.

 

SOLD NOWNERE ELSE.

JAMES S. COWARD,
268-274 Greenwich St., N.Y. °

(HEAR WARBEN STREET.)
Mail Orders Filled. Send for Catalogaa.

ee

A eecurity that cannot be ques-
tioned, a lecation that ie central and
| @ a courtesy and accommodation that
is uniform, are offered you as a de-
| § positor in the Guardian Trust Com-
pany of New York.

fiuardian Trust Company
OF NEW YORK

170 Broadway, Cor. Maiden Lane,
i New York City

 

 
  

 

DIED.

RVEN. Op Sunday afternoon, Sept

23, 1908,
at his late residence, 808 5\h av., James A, Bure
dea, in the 73d year of his age

{ Funéral service from Collegiate Church of St,

| BU

Nicholas, Sih av, and 4814 &1.,
| morning. Oct. 1, at 9:30 o'clock.
CUNNINGHAM. Sept. 23, 1906, at Ridgefield,

Conn.,, Frederie Guthrie Cunningham, young-
} est son of Sarah M. and the lace Willlam Cun-

ninghain, aged 41 y ears
Funeral services will be held at the First Prese
| by terian Church, Sth ay, and 37th si.,on Wednese
| day, Sept. 26, at 12 o'clock, .
DILLON.--At Fast Orange, N. J., Sept. 23, Alice

Parker, widow of A. H. Dilton, Jr.

Relatives and friends are Invited to attend the

j funeral services, to be held at her late residence,

| 87 Clinton st., Wednesday, Sept. 26, at 3,30-P. M,,

{ upon arrivel of 2:20 train, Lackawanna Railroad,
from New York.

MABIF.- Mntered into rest, Sunday, Sept. 2%

| Lorraine Trivett, elder daughter of Jeannette

Trivett and Hamiiton Wright Mabte.

Funeral services from her late residence, Fern-
| wood road, Summi!, NV. J.. Tucaday afternoon,
| Sept. 25, on arrival of train leaving foot 284 st.,

N. ¥., at 0:45
MANTYRE.—Died Sept. 24, 2:30 P.M, Lucte Vera,

beloved wife of Thomas A. Mcintyre,

Funeral services on Wednesday, Sept. 2%, at 2
P. M., at her late residence, 3f Fast Fortieth st.
Services and interment private. Please omit
flowers. Raltim’ ve and Chicago papers please
cop).

MAHER. —Suddenly,
at his residence,

on Monday

 

on Monday, Sept. 24, 1006,
331 Fast @th st, Patrick
Maher, beloved husband of the late Mary
Maher and father of the Rev. P. A. Maher, O. F.,
native of Clara, King's county, Ireland

Funera! on Thuraday at 10 A. M, from Church of
St. Vincent Ferrer, Lesington ay. and 46th
st., where a solemn high mass of requiem wil!
be offered for the repose of his soul. Relatives
and friends are respectfully Invited to attend,
Interment In Calvary

OTIS.— At bis late residence, 5 West 50th st., sud-
denty, of pneumonia, Saturday, Sept. 22,
Wiliam K. Otts, M. D., son of the late Fessenden
N. Otts, M. D.

Funeral will be held on Tuesday, Sept. 3%, at
Catskill, N. Y..at2 o'clock. A special eny wits
be attached to train leaving Grand Central
depot at O45 A. M.; returning, will leave Green-
dale (Catskill station) at 3.18 P,. M. Intermentat
convenience of family

 

 

REYNOLDS.~—At Elmira, N. Y., Sept. 24, 1908,
Henry B. Reynolds, youngest son of the late

john A. Reynolds, in the 23d year of his age.
STILLMAN.--On Sept, 4, at Listeuz, France, tn

' the 70th year of his age, Thomas Edgar Still-
man

luneral services will be held at his Iste resl-
denoe, 9 Vast 78th st, on Tuesday, Sept. &

at 19 o'clock A, M,
| WRIGHT Glen Head, L. |., on Sept. 22, Stephen

Funeral Tuesday, Sept. 2%, at 10:20 A.M, from

his late residence. Train leaves foot of East

| Mth at., N. Y., at 8:50 4.M. Carriages io waiting

1 at Glen Head depot. Members of Prince of

| Orange, F. & A. M., General Soctety of Me-

chanics and Tradesmen, Building Trades Bm

ployers’ Association, Sona of American Revalu-

flon and Founders aud Patriots of America ave
mvived.

| Mott Wright
}
|