>

 

THAT HELE NOT
RENOMINATION,

ANNOUNCES

ACCLIT A

 

Decloration Pelayed Until Me Mad Tatked
With Herbert Parsons—says That He
Needs Hest snd Time for Personal
Affairs (Uieurst

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      
     
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

ALBANY, Sept. 24.- This is the statement
that Gov. Higgins gave out this afternoon
announcing his decision, after many days
of indicision, not to be a candidate for the
Governorship again;

tien from those who believe that Governors
aad legisiators are water public servants
wien they w the enidance of a periy
Yens than when they think for themselves
end act on their own responsibility, I have
ipeurred the displeasure of others who might
have been friendly bad T become their fol-
lower and sought the editorial sanctum for
oounse! and advice. But the pirty in its
ptimaries has indorsed my administration
throughout the state end elected delegates
favorable to my renomination.

I have long been conscious of the fact
that the office has been exacting from me
sacrifices that Lean illafford, I need time for
reat and for attention to my persenal affairs.

The result of the contest in the primaries
for the principle of executive independence
has given courage to all who believe that
the Governor should not be the puppet of

the party organization and hope to all who
deplore the supremicy of irresponsible politi-
«@) absolutism. It also leaves me free to
aratify my persenal inclination with honor
cai to withdraw my nime from further
censideration

I have n> fear of the result. Wher the
Pirty en‘ers te ermoii¢n in s> wholesome
& conititinn the hoecs of Hoarst cannot pre-

vail against it

i have n%t sought and I shall not accept
& rene rminstien ’

The Governor arrived at & o'clock this
morning from his ome in Olean. He went
direct to the Excentive Chambers in the
Capitol. Adjut int-Genoral NelaonH. Henry,
Lieut.-Gov. M. Linn Bruce and Supreme
Court Justice Cuthbert W. Pound were
waiting for him there. They are all close
personal as well as politica! friends of the
Governor and the four immediately went
into conference.

The conference continued for more than
an hour. Once Justice Pound, who has
been the Governor's jegal adviser, came out
with Mr. Bruce. They had a whispered
Oonversation on a settee. Neither would
make any statement and they returned
to the room where the Governor was after
three-quarters of an hour.

Just at noon, when an announcement of
the result was expected, thie statement was
given out by Frank Perjey, the Governor's
secretary’

“Gov. Higgins expected to make public
his determination at noon. A few minutes
ago he received a request from Congress-
man Parsons that he shonid not commit
himeelf until Mr. Parsons should have had
a chance to see him. The Governor prom-
feed to defer his annountement accordingly.
Mr. Parsons will reacn here this afternoon
to see Mr. Higgins. Until after that moet-
ing there will be no further news.”

Mr. Parsons arrived at 2 o’clock and
went direct to the Capitol, where the
Governor was awaiting himin the Executive
office

PO ee eee

SS SOO

Before greeting the Governor Mr. Par-
sons said that his visit implied nothing
More than that he and other leaders at
Saratoga had come to tha conclusion that
it would be well if he should talk the general
situation over wiith Mr. Higgins.

Mr. Parsons remained with the Governor
more than an hour, and when he came
out said that the Governor would make
Public his decision. Mr. Parsons was not
cheerful in demeanor and declined to tell
what had taken place in the conference.
Soon afterward the formal announcement
of the Governor's purpose, which had been
drawn up in the morning, was made public.
Gov. Higgins declined to make any other
comment.

It is said the Governor's physical con-
dition and the strong opposition of Mrs.
Higgins to asecond term wer® the controlling
factors in the Governor's decision. Dr.
8. B. Ward of Albany no later than last
Saturday warned him that he was not in fit
shape for another two yearsin offices. Last
winter Dr. Ward gave the same advice,
according to the generaly] accepted reports,

Mrs. Higgins exacted a promise from
her husband that he would retire at the
end of his present term. Strong pressure
caused the Governor to waver. On Sun-
day he went to his home and it is under-
stood a family council was held which
resulted in a final decision. Before making
this public, it is said, Mr. Higgins wished
wo consult his three friends, Mr. Bruce,
Gen. Henry and Justice Pound.

EES LSE ES PO PTE ee ee ER ST

NOT UP TO BOSTON CULTURE,
Allegheny Detectives Puzzied by Order to
Hunt Stolen Pictares.

Pitrssura, Sept. 24.—Allegheny detec-
tives were puzzled this morning. A letter
was received at headquarters from Boston
which nobody could make out. It read:

“Kindly arrest and: hold for further in-
formaticn man eating an apple and an old
woman hoeing in a garden.

“Joun T. Price, Chief of Police.”

*Gone dippy,” was the verdict of the
detectives. They were arranging to send
@ telegram to Price's friends advising that
Price be placed in a madhouse when Supt.
Glenn arrived.

“You fellows get busy,” he said. “That
letter’s as plain as the nose on your face.
It means that two paintings, one a man
eating an apple and the other a woman
hoeing in a garden, have been stolen. You
fellows go through the pawnshops and find

The detectives are working on the case
but without results.

GOLD SEAL|

America’s Favorite
Champagne

 

    
    
   

   
 

Has a sparkling
beady tang equalled
by no other wine.
Cost but half the
imported product’

   

    
   
 

   
   

  
 

   

  
  
   

Two Kinds
SPECIAL DRY—BRUT

Sold by all leading
grocers and wine
merchants,

  
   
     

 
  
  
 

URBANA WINE CO,
Urhana, N, ¥., Sole Maker

‘

   
  

    
   
  

  
    

   
  

 

HIGGINS PVRLLY DECLINES

the pledge that I would, if elected, have
én administration of my own, [ have kept |
that pledge. By doing «> [| have met opposi-

[lvsts Not to Provail.

|

|

oy }
two years ago I began my camptign with

}

  

 
 
 

 

 

“JUST OUT ron OCTOBER

The Craftsman

GUSTAY 'STICKLEY, Editor and Pubiisher,
20 Weet B4th Mt., + New Work City.

N intensely interesting and “worth while”
4 magazine just beginning its eleventh
volume, tutifully rinted and tilus
trated and devoted w higher ideals in
American Art and American Homes,

The October number contains:

Symbolism of the Nibelungen Ring.
MacDougall Alley an Art Center.
Rembrandt.
Tivie Improvement in New York City.
The Recent Exhibition at Dresden.
Méward Carpenter. By John Spago.

And other important matter,

OM SALE, TUESDAY, SEPT. 25TH,
at Brentano's, Union Square; Wanamaker’s,
1th St,; Dodd, Mead & Co., bth

Bway St;
Avy. and 36th St.; James McCreery & Co.,
or your own newsdealer and

ALL STANDS OF THE ELEVATED ROAD.
26 conis & Copy. $2 = Vear.

acannon arene

WE’ VEACITIZEN WORTH WHILE

MANNY JACKOBSON, ONCE A. B.,
GETS HIS PAPERS AT LAST.

       
   
     
       
     
     
   

 

 

He Captained the Whalebeat That Lifted

the Cable Of Santiage de Cuba for
the St. Louis to Cut—He's Proud te
Be One of Us and We're Giad He Is.

Manny Jackobson, the Swedish sailor

who coxswained a cutter with six men from

Rear, Admiral Sampson's fleet that dashed
into the channel in front of Santiago de Cuba
under a hot fire from El Morro and lifted the
cable during the Spanish-American war,
realized the dream ana the ambition of his
Itfe yesterday by being naturalized as an
American citizen.

Tt's an ambition which he has cherished
since his boyhood, even before he packed
his clothes into a cheat when he was [7 years
old and came over here, with the idea that
this was the greatest country on earth and
that he wanted to be one of its citizens.
Manny yesterday exhibited with pride
the Congressional medal and the certificate
of promotion to chief petty officer which
his exploit won him.

As soon as J. B. Cortwright and John
Donovan, the naturalization clerks, and
Deputy Commissioner Alexander Gilchrist
and all the other officers of the District Court
had ehaken him by the hand and told how
proud they were to help in making a real

| American of Manny the cable cutter, he-con-

SERIE
i

gr

sented to tell through how many adventures
the ambition to be an American citizen had
led him.

Manny is 29 years old and a fine specimen
of the man-o'-war’s man, broad shouldered,
brown skinned, deep chested. He comes of
good people in Stockholm. His brother,
Dr. I. Junde!! Jackobson, is royal physician
to King Oscar, director of,the Royal Hospital
of Stockholm, and was president of the
International Tuberculosis Congress at
Vienna three years ago.

“Things began to happen to me the day I
landed in New York. I wanted to be nat-
uralized the minute I got here, but I was told
to wait a few years and acquire a residence,
as they said,” Manny started off.

“That night my clothes and trunk were
stolen in the sailors’ boarding house I
wentto. ThereI was with only the clothes
I stood in, hardly any money and no know!-
edge of the English language. When I
fell into the hands of a Swedish runner
for an employment agency a few days
later I clung to him like a brother, and
woke up to find myself shanghaied on a
steamer that ultimately put me aboard
a big oyster drdédge with a lot of other
Swedes down in Chesapeake Bay.

“I got along in that hell—that was in
‘95 or '96—for three months. The food was
awful. I lost forty pounds in that time.
I picked an oyster out of a shel] one day
and ate it. Thecaptain saw me and knocked
me senseless with a hammer. I saw one
of my mates murdered witb a club by the
nigger first mate.

“The mate stabbed me one day, and
when it looked as if I was going to die they
took me to Baltimore and left me in a vacant
lot on the outskirts of the city. Luckily
a policeman found me and had me taken
to a hospital. When I got out six weeks

later with seven stitches in the wound in
my side, I complained to the Swedish Con-
sul. but it was no use.

“Then I went back to New York and
made up my mind to enlist in the navy.
IT heard that this in itself made a man an
American citizen. I won the notice of
Capt. Cook of the Brooklyn, and when the
call for volunteers to dash in and cut the
cables went through the fleet lying before
Santiago he sent me over to Capt. Good-
rich the St. Louis with his recommenda-
tion. Capt. Goodrich chose me to com-
mand and coxswain the whaleboat ex-
pedition.

“On May 17, 1898, the St. Louis tried and
failed to pick up the cabie off shore. I had
five men, abundant lines and grappling irons
At midnight on May 18 we set out from
the St. Louis fourteen miles off El Morro.
With sail and later with oars we crept
right into the narrow channel. The waves
lapped the rocks not a hundred yards awa
at our right and up there towered the blac
citadel, picked out here and there by the
lights from the casemates and sentry boxes.

“Everything went all right until we
picked up the cable, in about ten fathoms
of water. The contact with the iron grap-
pling hook gave the Spaniards the tip tha
we were b somewhere along the line.
All of a sudden the alarm was raised in
El Morro, the searchlights began to sweep
the sea and all sorts of guns began to crash,
sending their missiles over our >

“It wouldn’t have helped the job an
for us to lie there and be discovered. fo
we hauled up the cable and rove a running
bowline around it. Then we let it drop,
paying out our line, and clipped in close to

he shore right beneath El Morro. There
was a little cave behind a rock that con-
cealed us. The searchlights swept the
channel where we had just been.

.“Three little gunboats came peeking out.
We could have thrown our caps on their
decks. All the time the i@ were
yelling and shooting the guns up in the fort
and we lying. in there tied up snug to that

ble, but hing all the same that they'd

oP and let us go home with our line.

“In the midst of the bombardment the
body of a cow came tumbling down out of
the bushes afound E] Morro. It had been
killed by a Spanish shell. That was the
only casualty those guns caused. Some
prope said it was a mule, but it wasa cow.

e could just see it in the dark and hear
it bubble out ite last breath in the water
on. the shore.

“After a while when it was quiet we rowed
baek to the St. Louis, pulling the bowline
along the cable. They hoisted it with the
steam winch and cut 200 fathome of it out.
I was promoted to chief pett officer and,
with the other men in t t, got the
Congressional medal].

“When I was honorably discharged from
the navy I thought I could get my papers
right away. But there was some hitch
there, and only to-day, through the kind-
enss of Mr. Cortwright and Mr. Donovan
and. these other gentlemen, I’ve been able
to get ‘em at last. I’ve got a job as sta-
tionary engineer on the Isthmus now, and
I wanted to be sure and be fully naturalized
this time before I went off rolling around
the world again.

“It’s the ambition of my life, and, as I
said, I never felt prouder. No, not even
when I went up the side of the St. Louis
with the line to that ~— cable in my
hand and said to Capt. rich, now
Admiral in the Asiatic station: ‘There's your
cable, sir. Just haul away and ahe’ll come
up like’a lady.’ * -

.

-he was the man murdered

 
  

NO LIGHT ON SYRIAN MURDER.

ALL THE BODY FOUND NOW EX-
CEPT THE HEAD.

 

 

 

Police Arrest Two Greeks Who Mid &
Grievance Against Jack Mane, but
Mano'’s Uncle Gays He's Alive—A
Kaige Which Didn't Figure In Tragedy.

The police took up the theory yesterday
that Jack Mano, the Syrian who recently
dropped out of sight of some of his friends
in this city, was the man parte of whose
dismembered body were found on Sunday
in the vicinity of Thirty-sixth street and
Eleventh avenue. On this theory the
aleuths of the Weet Thirty-seventh street
station house arrested last night two Greek
confectioners and held thern on suspicion.

The arrests were made in spite of the
fact that earlier in the day a friend of Mano
bad called at Police Meadggarters and told
Inspector Walsh that Mano was alive and
well at the present time, but that for fear
of prosecution on a charge of fraud he did
not wish to divulge his present address.

The arrest of the two Greeks was based
on the reports of trouble between Mano and
them. He had sold‘ out a candy store at
199 Eighth avenue to them, and they com-
plain that he made rhisrepresentations.
The Greeks described themselves at the
station house as George Capenake, 30 years
old, and John Drandakes, 23 years old.
They both said that they lived in the candy
store, which until recently was theirs, at

190 Eighth avenue.

The police base their suspicion against
these two men on the bit of gossip that was
brought to them by E. B. Goddard of 455
West Twenty-first street. Goddard went
to the Thirty-seventh street station house
yesterday afternoon and told Detective
MclIvor that he believed he could identify
the grain sack in which the trunk of the
murdered man had been found in the pit
at Thisty-sixth street and Eleventh avenue
early Sunday morning. He also
that he had overheard a certain Greek res-
taurant keeper by the name of Demos say
that he would be willing to give the two
confectioners, Capenake and Drandakes,
all the money they wanted to run down and
punish in their own way Jack Mano, who
had defrauded them in the sale of the candy
store.

Goddard said that until very recently
he had been the manager of Zachiel K.
Mano’s store at 67 Washington street, that
he knew Jack Mano, the son of the de-
ceased grain dealer very well and also was
aware of the bargain young Mano had
made with the two (ireeks, whereby he
sold them the candy store, concealing the
fact that there was a mortgage onit. God-
dard was taken to the morgue, where he
identified the sack as being one from Mano's
shop. This had beon abundanfly done
already. Mano’s name was on it. He
could not tell by the hieroglyphics on it to
whom it had been sold.

Then he was taken in hand by Assistant
District Attorney Cardozo. To him God-
dard told the story of the transfer of the
title to the candy store. He repeated the
statement that Demos, the restaurant
keeper, whose shop is at Old Slip, had told
him he would see to it that the aggrieved
candy man “got” Jack Mano either in the
courts or in their own way. This threat
had been made to him by Demos, Goddard
said, very recently.

Goddard was then taken to view the
remnants of the body, to which collection
had been added the two thighs of the mur-
dered man, found by Joseph Flynn in an
empty coal car at Thirty-eighth street and
Eleventh avenue early in the morning.
Goddard said he believed the mutilated
body was that of Jack Mano, though with-
out the presence of the head, which had not
yet been found, he could not be sure. ~

Mano had the habit of biting his nails
close Goddard said. The finger nails of
the dead man showed evidences of this
habit. The fact that Mano wore square
toed shoes added to Goddard's belief that
the dead man was he, for the toes of the
dead man are unnaturally cramped to-

her.
er Goddard had told all be could,
Detective Mclvor went to the candy store on
Eighth avenue and arrested the two Greeks.

Sapenake and Brandakes when ques-
tioned at the station house that
they had not seen Mano for ovér a month.
They said that they had been defrauded
out of $400 by him, and that they had en-
deavored to get legal redress, but that
Mano had disappeared. They denied that
they had ever asked Demos to help them
“get” Mano, or ae oy Le ever volun-
teered to assist them in getting revenge on
the man for the deceit he had practised
upon them.

The Greeks answered all the detectjve’s

uestions readily. They said that they
lived in their store, sleeping on the tables.
This the police were at first ready to doubt,
but investigation disclosed the fact that
they had bedding in their store, and A. E.
Katekis, the man who bought their place
at auction a week ago, substantiated their
story. He is letting them stay in the place
a short time to sell out some stock that they

ht themselves.

Though there was no more evidence than
the reported threat of Demos to help the
Greeks get revenge on Mano, the police
decided that they should be held as sua-

icious persons. This was the only arrest
hey have had a chance to make in the

case.

Demos denied last night that he had ever
made the statement credited to him by
Goddard. He said that when the Greeks
found that Mano had eold them property
with an encumbrance on it he went in their
behalf to an Armenian, Harpoutlian by
name, a relative, who was — Mrs.
Z. K. Mano to m her dead husband's
estate. Demos ur, Harpoutiian to have
Jack Mano settle the mo which under
the name of Zakinan he on the
store before selling it, and thus save the
Greeks from ruin. As the holder of the
mortgage was on the point of bringi
foreclosure proceedings, Harpoutlian to
him, Demos says, that he did not know
where Mano was and that he was powerless
to ent the foreclosure.

he foreclosure was brought two weeks
ago and an auction was held on September
18, when Katekis bought the place. Katg-
kis, who is a Greek too, accounted for the

tinued presence of the two original
owners in the store last night by sayin
that they were penniless, frat they ha
a little stock in the etore and that he allowed
them to run it until their stock of sweets
had been sold.

The police went down to the place last
night and thoroughly ransacked it. They
found nothing that would serve to sub-
stantiate thein suspicion against Capenake
and Drandakes.

Harpoutlian, the uncle of Mano, told a
reporter terday afternoon that he was
in a position to know that his nephew was
not murdered. He said the young man
was not in the city at present and that
Mano did not care to have his address
known for obvious reasons.

Aside from the spurt in the direction of
the unfortunate Greeks the police accom-
plished nothing yesterday, Another lead
that peared late Sunday night, when
the police were informed that an Italian
bricklayer by the name of Luigi Ottone had
disappeared and that it was feared that
» was brought
to ee qpaterdag by the report received
at Police Headquarters to the effect that
Ottone was in the North Hudson Hospital,
Palisade avenue, my am. fe

A reporter was told by a yesterda
afternoon that he had found a wicked.
looking knife on the lot at the corner of
Thirty-sixth street and Eleventh avenue,
where the torso of the murdered mn was
found on Monday. The re r told
the police and they secured the knife.
It was sent to the rd of Health for
examination as to the nature of some very
eo stains on the blade near the handle.

analyst reported back that what he

«Wil afheyh A

———

   
     

Ry

ee ee

ee

 

‘ue
uw
8

eee

Hy
dy

   
 

Cae NE SPARE a
Jd

. SEPTEME

 
   

1

re

~'%
i

  

had sui ted to hifi was a very dull
bu ’® knife, which be did not believe
would out anything harder than butter.
The staina, he said, might be blood stains,
but they were about six months old.

The Anding of the thighs of the mur-
dered man by J bh Flynn, a. driver for
Burns Bros., eampioten the body with the
exception of the head, Flynn discovered
the members lying in the bottom of an
empty iron ocak car on the tracks of the
New York Centraj Railroad near Thirty-
eighth street and Eleventh avenue, two
blocks north of the places where the trunk
and armas had been found. The thighs
were wrapped in the same kind of blue
chintz that had been found about the arms
and calves, the whole being wrapped around
with newspaper. s

Last night the work of dragging the
river from Fortieth street to rty-sixth
was resumed. Several police boats plied
the length of the wharves as far out as
the middle of the river without success.
The police say that without the head of
the corpse the prospect of identifying the
victim and locating the murderer is almost
hopeless.

CHAUFFEUR

 

SENT TO JAIL.
Employee of isider Wormser, Jr., Speers
Once Too Often and Loses Liberty.

Yonkers, N. Y., Sept. 24.—City Judge
Joseph B. Beall this morning sentenced to
jail Alexander Epling of Dobbs Ferry,
chauffeur for Isidor Wormeer, Jr., the
banker, for violating the speed law. Last
week when Epling was found guilty in the
local court Judge Beall imposed a fine of
$50 and gave warning that he would inflict
an unusually severe penalty should Epting
ewr be found guilty here again.

Policeman King, who made the arrest on
Upper Warburton avenue yesterday , testified
that when he first started in pursuit of the
automobile it was making thirty-five miles
an hour. Though he tried hara he said he
was unable to gain on the speeder with his
fast motorcycle. When the automobile
reached the asphalt on Opps Warburton
avenue & motorman warned Wormeer and
his chauffeur that a was in pur-
suit of them and that had better slack en
their speed.

The automobile then slowed down and
King, overtaking the machine, arrested the
chauffeur. Wormser gnade an earnest plea
in court for aciiie as eal that the
machine was trave no more than ten
miles an hour. Epling made a similar
statement.

Judge Beall said that he would have to
accept the rate of speed aa recorded by an
approved device for timing such as the
——- of the cop. He then sentenced
me to pay $50 fine and to serve a term of

teen days in jail. After the trial Mr.
Wormeer retained Brennan & Curran, a
local law firm, and an Sogeal was made
this afternoon. Meantime, Epling is in the
city prison.

 

GUARD BIRDS’ NESTS WITH GUNS.

Zoological Park Forester Arrested for
Holding Up Young Men.

Herman W. Merkel, who is employed as
chief forester in the Zoological Park, was
arraigne:i before Magistrate Baker in the
Harlem court yesterday on the charge of
assault made by Warren Moak, 20 years
old, of 195 Van Nest avenue and William
Ratthoff of 2112 Daly avenue, The Bronx.
It seems tial a gang of young thieves have
been stealing eggs from some of the birda’
nests in the park, and Director William T.
Hornaday called in the Pinkerton deteo-
tives to tryto catchthem. The detectives
directed that some of the park employees
be statjoned at the entrances on the look-
out for the thieves, who were su to
get into the grounds after dark. Merkel
was armed with a shotgun and one of the
watchmen with a revolver and sent to the

Boston entrance of the park last
Wesneotay, night.
Young and Ratthoff came along

near the entrance, and one of them lit a
matchtoamoke a cigarette. Merke) thought
they were the thieves and held them up
at the point of his gun. He soon found
out that the two young men were not the

rsons he was looking for and let them go.

th young men were ry 4 out of
their wits. They went to the Bronx Park
station hpuse to make a complaint. Detec-
tive Horrigan was put on the case and
arrested Merkel. Mr. Hornaday appeared
in court rday to explain the cage and
told the Magistrate that he had beem put
to a lot of trouble through the loss of the
birds’ eggs.

Merke! was warned and discharged.

MUST GIVE REBATE CHECKS.

Promise That Any B. R. T. Conductor
Who Refuses Will Lose His Job.

Complaints have been made that the
conductors of the cars running to Coney
Island are not responding to the demand
of passengers for rebate checks.

Acting Mayor McGowan sent word
yesterday morning to the offices of the
B. R. T. Company that he would like to
see some responsible representative of
that corporation. Vice-President Calder-
wood responded. He assured Mr. McGowan
that the conductors were under strict orders
to give out rebate checks whenever they
were asked for and that every conductor
who neglected to obey the order would
be discharged.

 

OBITUARY,

Julius Stockhausen, one of the most famous

 

German singing masters, died on Sunday

night in Frankfort at the age of 80. He had
been in feeble health for sometime. Although
identified for many years with his art in
Germany, Prof. Stockhausen was born in
Paris. His father was a harpist and com-
ger, Of Alsatian birth. Although intended
or the clergy, the youthful Stockhausen
evinced so much more interest in music that
he was allowed to cultivate a fine natural
barytone voicé, with the stage as his object.
He studied first with Bussine and later with
Manuel Garcia, who was always proud to
claim him as @ pupil. Stockhausen sang in
oncert in London, appeared at the Opéra
mique in Paris and later went to the opera
houses at Mannheim and Leipsic. He be-
came acquainted with Wilhelmine Schroeder-
rieut, who gave the young singer letters
of recommendation to the opera directors
at Vienna. His reputation was begun in the
Austrian capital. After he sung in
Hamburg and Berlin he retired from the
stage to teach singing in Frankfort. In
1864 Richard Wagner endeavored to persuade
him to found a school to train singers ex-
clusively for his operas. From 1882 to 1877
Stockhausen was at the height of hie fame
asa singer. He assumed the post of pro-
fessor of the conservatory at Frankfort after
the coarh < ; oe resigned it in 1898 to
ive only private lessons, In recent years
Stockhausen had been beat known as 4
teacher of lieder singing and his pupila were
nearly all men. One of his recent pupils
was Anton van Rooy
George C. Adams, who was long the cashier
of the Reckhn Daily Fogle and until recently
manager of the a e's bureau in Paris, died
after a protract iliness on Sunday, at
Amityville, L. I., in his fifty-seoond year.

In early life he was active in Democratic
poultice and was the firat property clerk in the
rooklyn police department. He was a

Twenty-third Regiment veteran. He wasa
charter member of the Brooklyn Skatin
Club and a member of the Entre Nous and
Crescent clubs. He leaves a widow, son and
daughter.

Edward McNamara, who died on Saturd
at hie home, 53 Halsey street, in his seventy.
seventh year, was the oldest member of the
Master Plumbers’ Association of Brooklyn.
He had been active in Republican polities
since the organization of the party and was
one of the organizers of the old Frémont
Guards. He was a trustee of the Central
M. E. Church for a quarter of a century.
He leaves &@ widow, two sona, three daughters
fifteen grandchildren and two great grand-
children.

Charles Ulrich, a former assessor of the o
town of New Lots, died on Saturday af
home, 514 Glenmore avenue, Brooklyn, in
his eighty-ninth year. He was active in
Republican politics in early life and for
many rae wns one of the party leadera in
New Lots. He was a volunteer fireman
He leaves a widow and two daughters.

Cornelius Cammeyer, who died of apo

le
on Saturday at. his home, 205 Van Brunt reet,
Brooklyn, in bis sixty-seventh year, was

known on the stage as Neil Gray. For
twenty-five years he was a minstrel and
comic opera singer. He served in the civil
war in the Seventy-first Regiment,

er cr tse sess

SAYS HE HOPES TO ANNOUNCE
A FINAL SETTLEMENT TO-DAY.

 

Acheme Is to Retain Palma, Whieh Doesa’t

surgente—Many of Them Are Starving.

Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tam Sun.

Havana, Sept. 24.—The American com-
missioners now see @ glimmer of hope, fol-
lowing their conference with the revolu-

saying that the other prisoners
on the same charge a# himself should
released also. President Palma
release them absolutely.
this, the Liberair say, i that he wishes
keep them as hottages in case hie own li
should be in danger. :

At the conference the proposition for
new elections made by the Liberals was
considered. The American commissioners
will see President Palma and his advisers
to-night and discuss the proposal.

Secretary Taft hopes to announce a final
settlement to-morrow. To-night be de-
scribed the situation as one of pulling and
hauling. He was not ready to make any
announcement, but it was clear from his
attitude that he was hopeful, altheugh not
absolutely confident.

It is believed that President Palma will
be retained in office under-an arrangement
for new elections. Although the outlook
for settlement is hopeful, it is doubtful

factory or very permanent, as the passions
and hatreds of thé opposing forces are
very keen.

Among the Moderates the plan for a gen-
eral retirement from office, with the ex-
ceptions of Palma and Capote, is not well
received. The Moderates say, in private
conversation: “We will stand or fall to-
gether.”

A Moderate leader who is very close
to President Palma expresses himself as
very much dissatisfied with the course
matters are taking. He considers that the
American commissioners should not recog-
nize the rebels. He adds that the Moderate
party will dissolve if the result goes against
them, and that many of them will leave the
island. ;

President Palma's view of the situation is
that he is not one of the contending parties,
the war being between the Liberals and
Moderates. He represents the consti-
tuted Government only. As such repre-
sentative he is compelled to raise an army
to fight the rebels. But now that peace is
a matter between the political organiza-
tions and Congress he has nothing to do,
nothing to grant, nothing to negotiate.

The following document has been pre-
sented by Secretary Taft to both parties:

“A truce has been decreed by the Presi-
dent of Cuba and proclaimed to the forces
of the Liberal party by their leaders. I,
as an intermediary for the purpose of ar-
ranging a permanent peace, have the honor
to request:

“First—That the opposing parties specifi-
cally agree during the truce to refrain from
all acta of hostility and desist from all
military operations of a hostile character
and maneuvres which could not have
been performed during the continuance
of hostilities, or which would have been
performed under the fire of the opposing
party, no movements to take place on either
side without notification to the opposing
authorities, namely, the Secretary of the
Government of Cuba and Senator Zayas,
representing the Liberal party and the
American peace commission.

“Seoond—This truce is to be effective
throughout Cuba.

“Third—If either party violates the ex-
press conditions the opposing party shall
not take hostile action until complaint and
notification to the peace commission.

“Fourth—Hostilities will not be resumed
for at least twenty-four hours after no-
tification to the psace commission.

“Acceptance of these conditions in writing
to me is requested.”

Secretary Montalvo refused to recognize
Zayas as @ belligerent, but agreed to all
the rest of the document. Secretary Taft
said the document kad been approved by
Senator Zayas, Gen. Loynaz del Castillo
and Gen. Pino Guerra.

Stories have reached the American lega-
tion of pillaging of local stores by a band of
500 insurgents belonging to Guzman’s army
in Manicaragua Valley, whence an Ameri-
can sent word that protection was needed.
Requests for protection were also received
from other places where American prop-
erty is endangered. The British Minister
has asked that the machine shops of the
United Railways at Cienaga and the Cuban
Central shops at Santa Clara be protected
by the Americans. Protection was alao
asked for two sugar estates near Cienfuegos
belonging to British subjects.

It is expected that the signing of the truce
will result in property not being molested,
but the following letter was sent to the rebel
Generals by direction of the American Com-

missioners:

“Dear GENERAL: The accompanying let-
ter will explain to you the situation of a
number of Americans within your lines.
The Secretary of War of the United States
requests that American property interests
be fully respected and protected, if neces-
sary, by furnishing guards from your forces.
“Very respectfully,

“Franx R. McCoy, Aide.”

A rebel leader declares that in Santa Clara
province the rebels are protecting estates,
but it is learned that Americana are to be
sent to protect the two British sugar estates
at Cienfuegos.

An American woman, Mrs. Van Gorder,
called on Minister Morgan this afternoon
and complained that a number of stragglers
consisting of half clad and hungry negroes,
had visited her small farm near Punta,
Brava and demanded food. As there were
only three women at the place they became
terrified. Mr. Morgan sent Mr. Cairns to
accompany Mrs. Van Gorder to her home,
but they had to return, owing to the heavy
rain flooding the road. Their automobile
was surfounded by armed negroes, who
asked for a few cents .

The negroes were wet and famished.
The question of feeding the , who are
living by robbing local sto’ and killing
pigs and cattle for food, is being considered,

Gen.'Loynaz del Castillo has ordered that
the bridge of the United Railways over the
Almendares River, near Havana, be boarded
over in order that horses may pass over it.
Trains are allowed to use only one track.

Marianao is so far from the city of Ha-
vana that the American Commissioners wil]
do their work at the American legation in
Havana. The change is due to the fearful
weather that has prevailed since yesterday,
a tropical rain pouring down.

The news that Gen. Funston had sailed
from Tampa for Havana has made Vice-
President Capote'sclique uneasy, They say
that Funston surrendered to the Spaniards
during the war and that he is not friendly
to the present Cuban Government.

Gen. Enrique Collazo said last night that

     
  
   

 

  

thé trie of Funston was 99 follows:
Funston in Cuba on Maro 10,1996,
with Col, Penas’s expedition from New York,
and did splendid work at Coscorro as chief
of artillery under Maximo Gomez, also at
J and Tunas, in April and A °
1997, under Calixto Garcia, always ing
the victory in favor of the Cubans. He
wished temporary leave in 1807 and, with
the permission of Calixto Gomer, asked it
from the Cuban Government.

Capote, who was the then Vice-President,
twice refused him, in spite of Funston’s per-
sonal remonstrances and the need he was
under to go home and attend to private
affairs.. Then Funston, with the approval of
Calixto Gomez, presented himself, under a
flag of truce, at a Spanish fort between
Puerto and Nuevitas, and the
American Consul at the latter place procured
his embarkation for the United States.

 

REBELS PLANNED A COUP,

 

But Desisted When They Learned of ‘Roose
veit’s Ambabie Intervention.”’

Col. Aguirre, head of the Cuban revolu-

tionary junta, received yesterday a letter

from his brother-in-law, Gen. Orestes Fer-

granted.

On arriving on the outskirts of Santa
Clara Gen. Ferrara says he attacked the
defenders of the city and forced them to
surrender by outflanking them. There
were Ho casualties, only a few horses being
wounded. The letter concludes as follows:

We as well as our opponents want peace,
but it thust be based on justice. We will not
tolerate a mere commercial transaction by
which only a minority of the people would
be benefited. We want the benefit to be
general. If the peace commissioners should
impose on us a solution of the contest that
would not be for the general benefit it would
temporarily stop the revolution, but the germs
would remain to fructify at a period in the
near future. Apparently the American com-
missioners have compelled the chief of the
bandits, Palma, to suspend hostilities. The
Americans want to force Palma into an honest
solution of the trouble. The crimes of which
his administration already has been convicted
I believe the commission will declare sufficient
to cause any, people to rise in revolt. I think
the commission ought to give us the right to
sugtain our contention. Government, which
should be an ethical instituiion, has de
generated under Palma into a society of
malefactors.

If we cannot prove our charges we are
ready to give up the struggle and submit
ourselves to the present Government, which
is as odious to us as that of Spain before the
separacion.

Gen. Ferrara told in his letter he had
burned some of the railroad and
apeneesd -— in Santa Clara. He ee
that road co! , contrary
agreement with the resol utionists, was
secretly transporting war materials and
geciere from Havana into Santa Clara.

revol troops attacked aa
armored a after taking the am-
munition and arms burned the cars. After
that the railroad ceased to attempt to bring
into Santa Clara supplies for the Govern-
ment forces.

 

Government Getting Data as to Troop-
ships.

Battimorg, Sept. 24.--General Manager
Stebbins of the Merchants and Miners’
Transportation Company to-day received
a letter from the Quartermaster-General
of the army asking how many vessels the
company can hire to the transpor tation
department of the army. The letter asked
details as to the speed of the vessels, their
tonnage and an estimate of how many
troops can be carried on each.

The Government wanted a list of such
ships as are especially fitted for carrying
troops and those which can be turned over
within a day or two after a call is issued.

General er replied that
his company is so pressed with business
that it will entail a great sacrifice if any
of the vessels now running are withdrawn
from their trade.

 

CEAUSE AGAINST RITUALISM

 

In H. I. Barbey’s WI) Leaving $20,000 to
American Church at Geneva.

The will of Henry I. Barbey, who died
in Geneva, Switzeriand, on July 9, contains
charitable bequests amounting to $120,000.
The will was filed for probate in the Surro-
gates’ office yesterday by the law firm of
Strong & Cadwalder.

To St. Lake’s Hospital and the Domestic

and Foreign Missionary’ Society of the
Protestant Episcopal Church, $25,000 each
is left. A bequest of $20,000 is made to the
American E; Church at Geneva,
with the request the testator that the
church continue “to maintain in ite purity
and simplicity the public worship of the
Protestant Episcopal Church of the United
States of America and that it refrain
from admitting into its public services
any of the rites or practices of that party
of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the
United States known aa the ‘Ritualistic’
or ‘High Church’ party.”

Other bequests are of $20,000 to the So-
ciety of the New York Hospital, $10,000 to
the American Bible Society, $10,000 to the
Home for Inourables, and $10,000 to St.
Loke’s Hospital for Indigent Christian
Females.

The executors are Adrian Iselin, Jr.,
a cousin of the testator; A. Lanfear Norrie,
, and Henry G. masher, his
Mr. Barbey owned the yacht Minne-

son.
haha and he ueathed $2 “
gineer, William Freeth. oe we ee

 

SHIPWRECKED MOSQUITOES,

 

Four indians Adrift on Wreckage of Mexi-
ean Schoener.

The steamship Rosefield, which arrived
from Laguna, Mexico, yesterday, had on
board four Mosquito Indians who had been
picked up at sea. In the afternoon of
September 16 the offloer on the bridge saw
a raft adrift with four men olinging to it.
They were soon got on board the Rosefield,
but it was some time before they were able
to give an account of themselves. One man
was —. from drinking salt water and

to put

had in a strai
others were very weak. ee Tae

When they had recovered suffici i
was learned that they were part of 2a.
of the Mexican schooner Morales, bound
from Campeche to Tuxpan with a cargo of
salt and lumber. A few hours before the
men were poe up the schooner had
foundered alter being in a gale for sixteen
members of the crew were drowned, The
survivors got some of the lumber together
into a Bort of raft. A lookout waa kept on
the Rosefield for the schooner or some
wreckage, but nothing was found except
0 ae wore breaker and some pitch pine

   

 
    
    
    
 

The captain, mate and three other }

Tr tled tisid
Why

and
¥

ing cigars of me.

You either pay for cigars
that you want and believe
worth the money, or more, or
else you don't pay anything at
all, for 1 pay expressage on
returns,

Now if there’s anything
about my Offer that suggests
trickery, | wish you would
point it out to me. If it has
any element of chance for you,
where is it?

Here is my offer specifically
put, and my name appears
beneath.

MY OFFER IS: | will,
upon request, send one hun
dred Shivers’ Panatela Ci-
gars Ow approve! toa reader
of The Sun, express pre-
paid. He may smoke ten
cigars and return the re-
maleing ninety at my ex-
pense if he Is not pleased
with them; If he Is pleased,
and keeps them, he agrees
to remit the price, $5.00,
within tea days.

The fillers of these cigars are
clear Havana of good quality
—not only clear but long,
clean Havana—no shorts or
cuttings used. They are hand-
made by the best of workmen.
The making has much to do
with the smoking qualities of
a cigar. The wrappers are
genuine Sumatra.

In ordering please enclose
business card or give personal! references,
and state whether mild, medium or strong
cigars are desired.

HERBERT D. SHIVERS, |
913 Filbert Street, Philadelphia, Pa,

SHIVERS’
PANATELA

EXACT SIZ
AND GHars

 

UR fancy

Waistcoat
stock is extensive
and thoroughly
complete.

For business wear a
large, number of very
6 new fabrics are
shown in single and
double breasted styles

$3 to $9.50.

For Frock coats,
white double breasted
waistcoats.

$4.50.

For Tuxedo and
Dress Coats, single
and double breasted,
in white, pearl’ and
cream.

$3 to $8.
The new bound
HALFA = edges, -~piped edges
CENTURY and stitched edges are
fully represented.

ASTOR PLACE AND FOURTH AVE.

 

COAT SHIR
Hats ave shirtmaker would m:

cLuPecco. |

this
process, this in mean ont
$1.60 AND M

ORE
Poe ATis on Coheed Mires tine Wood

      

   
 
    
  

    

at
nc
hd

<

   

WUNLAp 4
a aS as

A

Celebrated Hats.

Modeled on correct
lines—unmistakable in

 

 

style, finish and
exclusive merit.

178 & 180 Fifth Ave
181 Broadway, | 867 & 56914 Fifth Aver
Near Cortlandt St. Windsor Arcade

23 ~~ 08

CLEANSING

By Compresse” Air, Ete.,
at our works or at your house by

 

 

VAG OARS.
FH ad Send tor Ciroula:
633 and 634 iy 326 TH AV.
CHELSBA. Near 28th St.

T. M. STEWART

 

BEWARE OF SUBSTITUTION.

      

 

You take no chances in buys

‘