STENSLAND BACK, TO ACCUSE,

say's PROMINENT CHICAGO MEN
WILL BE IMPLICATED

 

 

 

m Mis Narrative of the Milwaukee Avenue
Henk Wreek—Biames Hering Chiefly
story of the Capture—Pasha Quite

i Neady to Flog Money Ont of Him.

©. Stensland, who fled to Morocco

Pn)
afte) ue Milwaukee Avenue (Chicago) State
Rani, of which he was president, bad been
guttod,and Who was arrested at Tangier
throur) the efforts of James Keeley of the

Chicago Tribune, arrived here yesterday
n the Hamburg-American line

errno
te ship Prinz Adalbert, which sailed
from Cibraltar on September 12.

It had been intimated that there was a
possibility that Stensland would fight
extrad tion, but he was perfectly willing to

wetnrn to Chicago and face the music. He
wil] plead guilty to some of the charges
againet him, in that he permitted the bank
to receive deposits when he knew that it
was wzolvent, but he will deny that he fe
responsible for the entire shortage—a mat-
ter of nearly a million.

He wll tell who got the money, and in
tellive his artoy he will implicate persons
«ho are prominent in their way in Chicago.
It was said by Mr. Keeley, who returned
with Svensiand, that most of the blame
would be liid on HenrygW. Hering, the
bank's cashier, who is now in jail.

Stensiand will go back to Chicago this
afternovn on the Twentieth Century Limited
in charge of Joseph Kinder, a detective
attached to the office of the State’s attorney
in Chicago. After a fortnight on the sea
he slept last night ina cell at police heady
quarters, He was taken off the steamship
at Quarantine and brought on to the city
instaad of being compelled to go to Hoboken.

When he got off the tug at Pier 8, East
River, he looked as though he would be
willing to sleep anywhere,.- He was in the
bands of his friends, he said, and he would
follow the advice of Mr. Keeley and Her-
man Olson, Assistant States Attorney,
who bad gone to Africa with Keeley. He
asked Detective Sergeants James Downing
and John Dietenthaler of the Central office
to let him get a cab as he wae tired.

A shipload of reporters and others went
down tlhe bay to help bring him up. When
be climbed over the side of the Prinz Adal-

bert and let himself down the sea ladder
from the port bow to the deck of the tug
Catherine Moran the camera men on the
upper works of the boat fired, and then
when he had gone through the formality
of being arrested and had embraced and

kissed his son, Theodore, who went down
on the tug, he was led to the after part
of the upper deck, where like a lamb he
posed for the entire camera brigade, firing
volleys and at will. As he stood in the
fading Sunlight gazing westward the
shadow of the Statue of Liberty fell across
bis face

Mr. Keeley said that he had never seen
a gamer man than Stensland.

*And vou can bet that he is a fine old
chap despite the mess he is in,” said Keeley;
“When he left Ghicago he did not know
that the afaire of the bank were as bad
as they turned out to be. He intended |
going to Tangier to remain there until the |
thing should blow over, when be would |
return

“Did you notice the steamer trunk and |
bags that were taken from the steamer?
They all had ‘P. 0. Stensland, Chicago, Ill.’
painted on them, and there had been no
attempt pat erasure. He was travelling
under the name of P. Olson, but he did not
remove his name. from any of his clothing.
He got hig mail ds Olson in Tangier. When
we came upon him in Tangier he was in the
British poat office leaving a memorandum of
his intended change of address—he was
going to Mogador, a town further inland.
He had written ‘P. Olson, British Post
Office’ when I looked over his shoulder and
said ‘Hadn't you better make that Stens-
land?” Mr. Olson, who was with me, added,
‘And the adiiress Chicago?’

“Not a: muscle of the old man's face
changed as he turned his head to see who
had spoken.

“No,” the replied. and then without a
tremor he éalmaly wrote ‘Mogador.’

“Never again will an embezzler go to
Moroceo for safety. It is too easy to get a

risoner ont of the country. Sid Cador, the

asha of 'Tangier*was about the easiest
thing we struck. He couldn't do half
enough for us--in fact, he would have been
far betier pleased had we asked him for the
head of the man we wanted. You see he
thinks | har the governors of other countries
have as much power as he has, and a little
thing like cutting off a man’s h -well!
He was per astonished when he learned
that we did not want him so have Stensland
fogged in arder to force him to giveu some |
twelve thobsand pesetas he had on osit |
inthe Tangier branch of a Paris bank. But

his soldiers were at our disposal, and we
had thei as guards

One night six of the army that were
on giant at the house where he had the

onfined went on a strike.

“They sent a cerporal over to the hotel
to tell us that if fhe payyof the men was
Not increased one peseta the day, and the
shifts made three of eight hours each in-
eead of two of twelve they would go off

e@ jolt

4) sa confounded outrage and if I were
youl « { not stand for it,’ aaid Stensland
when he heard of thedemand, When the
humor of the situation eame to him:he in-
Msted thar the men’s pay be raised

Mr heeley declined to aay bow he had
escertaine! the whereabouts of Stensland.

He declare) that but one person in the world
hesides self had known it and that
when he ‘a asked the State’s Attorney
to go along with him to get the man he

did not tell him where they were going
Until they lad reached Paris.
Sensi nd had! made no signed con-

faior s declared
- Herwig is the archdevil in this business,”
Bald he “It will be shown that he
took the creater part of the money. For |
every vy that Stensland got from the |
Dank +! - something left to show where |
It wer For the hundreds of thousands |
thar | z and the others got there is |
Hothing ile money they got went for |
horse x. wine and women. When
Rtons ent away he took with him
Bome ¢ tranes, but it was his money.
He rned $7,000 or $8,000 in commis-
sions \| estate deals —the rest was his
aA ar ident of a cemetery company
and t render value of a life insurance
Suen he wag in New York just
a led for Gibraltar on the ateam-
enip Pay i he had to his credit in a trust |
oon 1 re $200,000 in cash. He did not ;
sane a Fit. Hering it was who started |
he f * that swamped the bank. He |
Qad Sry nd in his power, and when he |
drew \aico amounts and squandered them
and s ind remonstrated he cursed the
ld tnan and drew more money
one ind has now on defosit in Tangier
smething hike $9,000. It will probably
Stay » for some time.
The * tug yesterday afternoon after
: ue Stensland had conferred with
iis wer the young man said for the
| that he felt vey sorry for the |
a aM *)Pogitors who had fost by the crash
os @ bi k and was glad that the son had
a e ‘' for the benefit of creditors all |
| rty ave lable. Young Stensland |
ant hw father would turn State's
i salant some of the man who were
ode said that Stensland had ad- |
Pty ' he had forged ithe names of
ne ' notes given to the bank for |
sta, tained to carry out his real
end. es and that Stensland did not |
Wh: excuse the $900,000 shortage.
ao ian had implicated others,
a id, he took his full share of the
At | Head las ht the
ce Headquarters t night i
Wrieoner said that, he was 60 years old and

| somnia and the possibility of a relapse,

‘| WIRELESS INTERNATIONAL LAW.
| phe Alr Is Free and a State Mustn't In

| rent; John B. Harrison, $4,000, and the New

   

 

POLAND ARMED FOR REVOLT.

An Organization Effected Even Among
the
Special Cable Despatch to Tae SUN.

Beruin, Sept. 24.—The annual congress
of the Social Democratio party, which
opened at Mannheim yesterday, has been
chiefly remarkable for a statement made
by a delegate of the Russian National Ter-
rorists re the consequences of
martial law in Warsaw and the general
aims of his party.

He declared that since martial law had
gone into effect the urban population had
organized, the map of the working classes
being thoroughly armed. While the police
force was being purged by the terrorists
of ite most pernicious members a begin-
ning was being made in organizing the
soldiery, with the result that already whole
regiments favor the revolutionary pro-
paganda. ‘

The chief aim of the party, the Russian
delegate said, was to convert Bussia into
a confederation of autonomous States,
such as is aimed at by the Socialists of
Austria.

The executive committee's report for
the year showed favorable progress. The
Vorwaerts, with a daily circulation of 112,000,
produces an annual profit of $26,500. Other
publications yield $30,000. These funds are
all devoted to spreading the propaganda.

The total income for the year was $200,000,
of which $32,500 was paid to members dis-
missed from their employment or otherwise
penalized for their opinions. The com-
mittee in the past year collected $45,000 on
behalf of the revolutionary movement to
Russia.

Sentences at hard labor and imprison-
ments aggregating seventy years were

upon various Socialists in Germany
in the year. The Socialist vote in the by-
elections inoreased in eight constituencies
and decreased in nine.

ACTRESS IN KAISER'S FAMILY.

His Cousin, Prince Joachim, to Make &
Mesailiance-—Bertin Stirred Up.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax SuN

BERLIN, Sept. 24.—A sensation has been
caused in the highest society here by the
announcement that the Kaiser’s second
cousin, Prince Joachim Albrecht, whose
father died a fortnight ago, will shortly
marry Marie Sulzer, an actreas.

Prince Joachim, who is 30 years old,
is promnent in Berlin society, largely owing
to his artistic and literary tastes. He has
exceptional musical talent and paints well.
He is also fond of bohemian society.

Marie Sulzer is the divorced wife of Baron
Liebenberg. She plays second rate réles
at the Trianon Theatre. She is about 40
years old, and is not beautiful. She is
unusually tall and large. For some time
gossip has connected her name with that
of Prince Joachim, who, it seems, did not
marry sooner for fear of grieving his father
by a mesalliance.

It is believed, however, that the old Prince
knew his son's intention, because he par-
tially disinherited him, leaving him only the
proportion of his property which the law
compelled him to do. As this is estimated
at $3,750,000, Prince Joachim will not starve,
but he otherwise would bave had double
this amount.

Everybody is wondering what the Kaiser
willdo. His attitude toward unequal! mar-
riages is severe, and it is not believed that
Prince Joachim is likely to have obtained
the consent Of the’sterim head of the Hohen-
zollern family. It is expected that he will
not only be banished from court, but that
he will also be retired from the army, in
which he holds the rank of major in the
First Grenadier Guards. The wedding will
take place abroad on October 28.

SULTAN RECOVERING SLOWLY,

Was Operated On for Stone in the Bladder
—An Impatient Convalescent.
Special @adle Despatch to Tas Svn.

ConsTANTINOPLE, Sept. 24.—-Tam Sun cor-
respondent learns from an absolutely trust-
worthy source that the malady from which
the Sultan is suffering is stone in the blad-
der, an operation for which was performed
by Dr. Bergman on August 10.

The operation was not of a dangerous
character, and Dr. Bergman told Taz SuN
correspondent to-day that the Sultan’s con-
dition had been quite satisfactory, since.

’ The principal sources of danger are in-

 

 

 

 

 

from the fact that the Sultan insists on at-
tending persdhally to matters of detail
in business of State, and so overtaxes his
strength.

terrupt Unless Necessary to Its Safety.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

GHENT, Sept. 24.—The Institute of In-
ternational Law has discussed the ques-
tion of wireless telegraphy and adopted
articles declaring that the air is free, and
no State possesses rights in it except when
necessary for its preservation.

Every State may, so far as it is necessary
to its safety, oppose the passage of Hertz-
ian waves over its territory. If any gov-
ernment prohibits wireless correspond-
ence it shall immediately warn. the other
governments.

SPANISH EXODUS MORE SERIOUS.

 

Three Hundred Leaving the Northwestern
Provinces Dally.

Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sen. ,

Maprip, Sept. 24.—The drain caused by

the emigration from the northwestern

provinces of Spain is becoming serious.

Three hundred persons are now leaving

daily. 7 .

The Mayor of Ortigueira has informed
the Governor that that place has been
denuded of its inhabitants. The fields are
lying fallow because of the lack of laborers,

 

Crime to Mave Cocaine in India.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.
Lanors, India, Sept. 24.—Owing to the
increase of the cocaine habit the Govern-
ment has imposed stringent regulations,
under which the mere possession of the
drug is a serious crime.

Bishop a Typhoon Victim.
Speeiai Cable Despatch to TaR SUN
HonGoKONG, Sept. 24.—The body of Bishop
Hoare, of Victoria, Hongkong, who was
drowned in the typhoon last week, has been
recovered.

Lawyer 8.1. Ferguson Bankrupt.

Samuel I. Ferguson, one of the lawyers
indicted in the Rothschild case, has filed
a petition in bankruptcy, with liabilities
$34,834 and no assets. Among the creditors
are: Leo Schlesinger, receiver of the | ed-
eral Bank, $14,000; Jefferson Bank, $1,000;
U. 8. Trust Compe $3,000; Etta Forgot-
ston, $2,000; estate o W. K. Vanderbilt, $300

 

York Telephone Company, $600.

 

© Hara—Derby.
Guens Fanta, N. Y., Sept. 24.--Misa Anna
Derby, daughter of John H. Derby, a

ealthy paper manufacturer, and Bartlett
‘Hara, a well known business man of
ranton, Pa., were married to-night af the
ome of the bride's parents,

 

     
 
 
  
   
   

:

  
 
 

 
 
 
 

and
ee

Broadway,

QUEEN'S WESTMINSTERS HERE

BRITISH MARKSMEN ARRIVE FOR
RIFLE MATCH AT CREEDMOOR,.

 

 

 

They Will Face the Seventh Regiment
Team, Retarn for the Vincent Trephy
Contest at Bisley Last Year—Visit
Grant's Tomb and Lay Wreath There,

The rifle team of the Queen's Westmin-
sters arrived yesterday from London for
a match with a team of the Seventh Regi-
ment. They defeated the "New York men
at Bisley last year when a téam of the Sev-
enth Regiment visited their quarters. This
is a return visit, and the British volunteers
hope to again walk away with the laurels
of victory.

They arrived on the steamship Minne
tonka, and that veasel as it steamed up the
harbor flew a big gray flag at the fore on |
which was a red portcullis and the words
“Queen's Westminsters." The trophy for |
which these two teams wil! shoot is a shield
presented by Sir Howard Vincent, who for
twenty years was Colonel of the regiment.

Sir Henry came across the Atlantic ahead
of the team and has been in Canada. He
arrived in New York yesterday and will |
represent Col. Trollope as honorary Colonel
and will have charge of the team. Sir
Henry went down the bay and boarded the
Minnetonka at Quarantine. He was well |
pleased when he heard that the Britishers
all were well.

At the pier at the foot of Houston street
several members of the Seventh Regiment
were on hand to welcome the visitors. In
the party were Major Fiske, Capt. Tous-
saint, Capt. McLean, Capt. McAlpin, Lieut.
Wall, Lieut. Uhl and Walter Strouthers.

As soon as the visitors had got clear of
the customs inspectors they were escorted
to the Hotel Astor, which will be their
headquarters while in this city, and their
room will be the Nimrod room. Their
flag will fly over the hotel wh ile the men
are there. |

It did not take long for them to become
quite at home in their new quarters. There
was an informal reception which lasted
nearly all day. After luncheon the men
went for a drive about the city, and at 4
o'clock fetched up at Grant's Tomb on
Riverside Drive. They had brought with
them a wreath of English oak and laurel |
entwined with the British Union Jack, |
and this wreath was laid on the tomb. |

It bore this inscription: }

“To the bonored memory of Gen. Ulysses |
8. Grant, Rifleman, Patriot, Statesman,
from the Queen's Westminster Volunteers
of his Britannic Majesty Fdward VII,. the

 

Peacemaker. ‘Let There Be Peace” There |
is peace between all the Anglo-Saxon |
races. May it endure for ever.

In the evening the v isiting riflemen |

received their friends informally at the |
hotel, and to-day they will begin their |
ractice at Creedmoor, where the Seventh

egiment has extended to them the privi- |
l of their clubhouse. To-night they
will be entertained at a mess dinner in the
Seventh Regiment Armory. |

The match is to be shot on October 2 and
8, and until that is settled things will be
aa quiet as possible for the contestants on
both sides so that they can get in the best

ble shape. Each member of the

of six will have 15 shots at each of

the four ranges. On the first day they will

shoot from the 500 and 600 yard mark

and on the second day from the 800 and

1,000 yard mark. Col. Robert L. Howze,

Commandant at. West Point, will act as

umpire for the Englishmen and Gen. Charles
F. Roe will referee the match.

After the question of supremacy has
been settled the visitors will be entertained
continuously by the members of the Seventh
iment. There will be a dress review
reception at the armory, after which |

a
the visitors will be taken to West Point,
Governors Island and to Washington,
where they will be received by the Presi- |
dent. The dates for these affairs are Octo-
ber 4, 5 and 6. Next Saturday the team
will go to Travers Island to see the fall
games of the New York Athletic Club and
on Sunday will attend church in this city
in full uniform.

Eight crack shots have been brought over,
and from these the six to take part in the
match will be selected These eight are
Sergeant Marksman Edmund Tyrrel), Lance
Corporal Marksman A. G. Fulton, Marksman
Frederick Charles Sheppard, Marksman C.
Gill, Marksman H. Stocker, Marksman R.
de Rupe Roche, Bugler Marksman W. A.
Halis and Marksman Frank © Thompson.
Of these Fulton, Tyrrell, Shepnard and
Halls were members of last year's vio-
torious team.

The other me re of the British party
are Capt. Montagu Shattock, executive
officer of musketry, the team captain; Capt.
E. F. Ward, and Capt. M. L. Porter of the
King’s Royal Rifles, the latter a graduate
of the Royal Military College, who served in
the siege of Ladysmith: Capt. F. B. Glaser,
Lieut. Stanley C. Probyn, Lieut. E. R. Bird,
Lieut. T. R. Low, Lieut. A. Moy, Lieut. A. E.
Southall, quartermaster; Sergt. W. M.
Powers and Rifleman H. A. Schmitt, all of
the Westminsters.

The members of the team said that the
trip was uneventful’ “We had aplendid
weather all the way,” aaid one of them.
“There is aeenas else to tell you of the
trip except that the ship’s company and the
rs showed us the greatest kindness
and—oh, yes--all the American women on
board hoped we would win.”

 

WHO WAS ROSE MORAN?

 

Young Woman, Found Dying in Her Room
From Effects of Operation.
Coroner Shrady and detectives of the
East Fifty-first street station house are
trying to clear up the identity of a young
woman of apparent education and good
breeding who died in Flower Hospital
yesterday under the name of Rose Moran,
following a criminal operation. The Coro-
ner learned that she went to a furnished
room house at 981 First avenue on Septem-
ber 4 and told the landlady that she had
come here from the country to find em-

ployment. ‘

The landlady heard a faint rapping on
the wall Zesverder morning, and, going
into the girl's room, found her barely con-
ecious. he muttered something ‘about
her mother which wasn't intelligible. She
was hurried to the hospital, where she
died before the Coroner could get a state-
ment from her.

itself. Here we have the form-fitting
overcoat that in another century was the
garment of the day.
tions and more in keeping with the tastes of
modern men it is the overcoat of the hour.

Fashioned of light gray fabrics, in various weaves,
designed in various modeh—$15 to $35.

WM. VOGEL & SON,

} Railroad Commission prohibiting the en-

| supplied with mail from the office in charge

| in New York.

Zz

 
   
  
   
 
 
 

With some modifica-

  

      
 
 
 

   
    
 
 
   

Houston St.

STURDY DESERTER’S BATTLE.

 

 

A Hamburg-American Fireman Rescued
From River Against Strenaous Protest.
Carl Heinrich Gottlieb, 20 years of age,

a fireman on the Hamburg-American liner

Hamburg, who deserted hie ship in Ho-

boken last week, returned for his clothes

yesterday and was held up as he was leav-

ing the pier because he couldn't show a

pass. He attempted to sneak off, but was

caught by two men as he was about to

escape from the pier gate. He managed to

get away from his captors and then ran

|

|

Passed Assistant Surgeon J. R Dykes, from navy
yard, New York, to naval station, New Orleans.

Assistant Surgeon F. W. S, Dean, to navy yard, |

New York

Assistant Surgeon C. C. Grieve, to recruiting

station, Omaha, Neb

Acting Assistant Surgeon W. H. Block, from

naval station, New Orleans, to recruiting party

to the river end of the pier and leaped
No. 4.
‘Paymaster W. Hatton, to the Georgia, 33.

@verboard., ,
—aeeey told Cage, Maber of Hamburg-
American tugboat No. 2 what had hap-

pened and a few minutes later the tug was
steaming down stream after the swimmer.
Gottlieb was overtaken nearly opposite
the Lackawanna railroad ferry slips, sev-
eral hundred feet from the pier, and a deck -
hand on the threw him a rope. He de-
clined to catch hold of it and continued to
strike out for all he was worth.

Boathooks were breaght into play add
the fireman was hauled the deck of the
tug struggling like a madman. He was
overpowered by his captors, whom he
tried to thrash, and was fe ashore in carae
of acop. He was locked up at Police Head-
quarters, where he will be beld until he is
turned over to the officers of hia ship on
sailing day.

RAILROADS TO GET A HEARING.
Kentucky Commission's Order Not Effec-
tive Till Courts Pass On It.

Frangrorr, Ky., Sept. 24.—Judge Coch-
ran of the United States court to-day
handed down a decision granting a tem-
porary restraining order against the State

 

forcing of the order for a 20 per cent. reduc-
tion on all freight rates in the State until a
final hearing of the complaint filed by the
railroad attorneys.

The order requires all railroad com-
panies after October 1 to furnish a waybill
showing the date, point of origin, destina-
tion, name of consignee and consignor
character of freight, weight and total
charge, and requires all waybills to be
kept in the generai office until the final
determination of the case in order to show
what amount, if any, was charged to each
shipper in excess of a lawful rate.

he order requires all interstate and
State rates to be kept separate.

 

FOR MODEL POST OFFICE HERE.

Assistant Postmaster -General Hitchcock
Returos From Karope With Some Ideas.
WasdInoron, Sept. 24.--Frank H. Hitch-

cock, First Assistant Postmaster-General,

to-day returned to Washington after a

month 's trip to Europe.

“I went abroad for the sea voyage more
than anything else,” he said. “In the week's

wait between steamers I went to London

and Paris, and spent most of my time while
in those cities looking into postal affairs.

I got some ideas in Paris and London, but

I have not had time to digest them.”

It is the aim of Postmaster-General
Cortelyou and First Assistant Postmaster-
General Hitchcock to make the post office
at New York the model of the country.
They believe that new methods should be
tried out in Manhattan, as the territory

of Postmaster Willcox presents more prob-
lems in delivery and collection than are de-
veloped in any other city in the United
States. To many visitors, as well as natives,
New York is the whole show, and for that
reason, as well as others, the present ad-
rninistration seeks to develop the New
York postal system to the highest state of
efficiency.

With the completion of the station at the
Pennsylvania terminal a few yeara hence
and other improvements in contemplation
the Postmaster-Genera!l and his first as-
sistant helieve that a good start will have
been made in the direction of making the
Post Office at New York the best from every
standpoint inthe country. It is understood
that First Assistant Hitchcock returned to
Washington with some European ideas that
will soon be made the subject of experiment

To-day First Assistant Hitchcock issued
an order authorizing the tmasters at
Albany, N. Y.; Providence, R.1.; Richmond,
Va., and St. Louis to discontinue, as an ex-
periment, the use of the back stamp on letter
mail. This was done at New York, Chicago
and Boston several days ago.

—_——

 

Movementa of Naval Vessels.

WasHINGTON, Sept. 24.—The cruiser
Yankee has arrived at. Portsmouth, N. H.,
the cruisers Minneapolis and Newark at
Havana, the cruiser Wolverine at Erie, the
cruiser Cincinnati at Kobe, the cruiser
Dixie at Monte Cristi, the collier Saturn
at Bremerton, the gunboat Helena at Shang-
pe and the collier Hannibal at Lambert

oint.

The battleships Maine, Missouri, Ken-
tucky, Beareares, Alabama, Illinois, In-
diana and Iowa have sailed from Bar Harbor
for Provincetown, the battleships Mary-
land and Colorado from Gibraltar for Pa-
lermo, the battleship West Virginia and the
cruiser Pennsylvania from Gibraltar for
Naples, the cruiser Cleveland from Havana
for Cienfii®gos, the cruiser Princeton from
Blaine for Santa Barbara, the cruiser Colum-
bia from Colon for Cartagena, the cruiser
Chicago from Bremerton for San Francisco,
the transport Lawton from Guam for Mid-
way, the supply ship Celtic from navy yard,
New York, for Havana, the tank steamer
Arethusa from Bar Harbor for Provinoe-
town, the tug Uncas from Newport for
Provincetown, the tug Apache from navy
yard, New York, for Provincetown and the
tug Potomac from St. Pierre for Sydney,

nO. *

ee

 

Army and Navy Oriders.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 2%4.-—The following army
order was Issued to-day:

Capt. Charles G. Dwyer, Paymasier, from Chi
cago to New York, relieving Capt. Charles FE.
Stanton, Paymaster.

These navy orders were tasued:

Capt. J. E. Roller, retired, orders of September 6
to court martial duty, navy yard, New \ork, re
voked.

Midshipman A. ©. Read, to the Indiana

Surgeon O. D. Norton, from the Yankee to the
Missour!.

Surgeon R. M. M. Kennedy, from the Missouri to
Washington.

Passed Assistant Surgeon W. Scaman, from
navy yard, Boston, to the Prairie
Passed Assistant Surgeon J. Ff. Murphy, from

recruiting station, Omaha, Neb., to the Georgia.

 

As several of our CHOICEST OFFERS were not ready for yester-
day’s exhibit, the sale is extended to its conclusion to-day.

Not-to-be-missed
this, our CLOSING DAY

Bros., and other Uprights;
tinguishable from new instruments.

Sharply Reduced Prices.

L

eee

PRAISE FOR THE UNIFORM. |
The President Contributes 6100 to Uphold |
the Rights of the Men Behind the Gans. |

OysTER Bay, Sept. 24.—The owner of a
pavilion at Narragansett Bay, R. I., ex-
cluded from it a Yankee bluejacket There-
upon Rear Admiral Charles M. Thomas,
superintendent of the naval training ser-
vice, sued the pavilion owner to test his
right to keep out a man in the uniform of
the United States. President Roosevelt
made public to-day this letter, which shows
what the thinks of the man behind the
gun:

DEAR ADMIRAL THOMAS—I enclose $100 to
be used in that sfiit which, thanks to you, has
been so wisely undertaken to test the legality
of excluding any man from any public place
of entertainment because he wears the United
States uniform. I feel that it is the duty of
every good citizen to endeavor in every shape
and way to make it plain that he regards the
uniform of the United States Army and Navy,
just as much when worn by an enlisted man
as when worn by an officer, as a badge of
honor, and therefore as entitling the wearer
to honor 60 long as he bebaves decently.

There is no finer body of men in all our
country than the enlisted men of the army
and navy of the United States, and I cannot
sufficiently express my indignation and con-
tempt for any man who treats their uniform
save with the respect to which it is entitled.

If aman misbehaves himself, then, no mat-
ter what uniform he wears, he should be dealt
with accordingly; but the fact of wearing the
United States uniform should be accepted
as presumptive evidence that the man who
wears it is all right; and any discrimination
against the uniform as such is more than
presumptive evidence that the man thus dis-
criminating is all wrong

Sincerely voura,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

TAMMANY DELEGATES ARRIVE.

kings County Delegation Also Reaches
Buffaio—Bands Escort Them to Hotels.

BurFaLo, Sept. 24.—Train after train
rolled in on the various railroads to-night
bearing the Tamman delegations from
New York, and soon the Hotel Lafayette,
all of whose rooms had been reserved for
them, was filled to ove: flowing.

The first train to arrive was that which
bore the delegates from the districts of
City Chamberlain Keenan, Borough Presi-
dent Ahearn and Leaders Prendergast and
Scannell of the Twenty-fifth. There were
350 men aboard this train and they were
met at the train by the Seventy-fourth and
Sixty-fifth Regiment bands playing “Tam- |
many.” They marched through the streets ,
to their hotel, watchea by a big crowd. |
There was no cheering. {

Between 8 and 9 o’clock a number of trains
arrived over the Central, the Erie and the
Lackawanna, bringing the delegates, the |
teaders and their friends. By that time |
the streets in the neighborhood of the busi-
ness centre were pecwee with people. It
seemed that all Buffalo was out to greet the
visitors, and there was a fine display of fire-
works in Main street.

One train brought the Sullivans, Tom
Foley of the Second and Battery Dan Finn of
the First. The delegation from The Bronx
started from 133th street on the Central,
and so numerous were the shouters that the
train had to be run in three sections.

The ao county delegation came in over
the Lehigh and made their headquarters
at the Broesel Hotel. A band escorted
them from the station.

THRIFTY MRS. LOVETT.
Will of Centenarian Who Helped Husband |
at Forge When She W4@s Seventy. j

Waite Puiarns, N. Y., Sept. 24.—One of |
the most remarkable wills ever filed in
Westchester county was offered for pro-
bate to-day in the Surrogate's Court. It
was drawn by Mrs. Lavinia Lovett, late of
Tarrytown, after she had passed the age
of 102. |

Mrs. Lovett’s husband was the village
blacksmith of Tarrytown, and at the e
of 70 it is said that she used to help him |
sewing the hammer at the forge. She was so
careful about her living expenses that it
is said she used to buy a mackerel and
split it in two and make it last her a week.

e also counted the coals she put on her
fire. |

Only a week before her death she called |
up her lawyer to make sure that all of the |
interest been paid to him on her mort- |
gages. Mrs. Lovett leaves $100 to each of |

ve grandchildren and the remainder of |
her estate goes to her eight sons and daugh- |
ters. The lawyers say that she made the
$100 allowance to the grandchildren be- |
cause they had always been good to their

 

 

renta.

There probably will be no contest over
the will, although one or two grandchildren
were cut off without a cent because she he- |
lieved they were not capable of hancling
money.

 

North River Ferry Firemen Organize.

Business Agent Charles McBride of the
Harbor Boatmen’s branch of the Inter-
national Seamen’s Union announced last
night that he had an organization of the
North River ferry firemen well under way,
and declared that they will he in a posi- |
tion soon to demand an increase in wages.
McBride helieves the demands will be
granted without the necessity of a strike,

LAST DAY

Special Opportunity

PIANO SALE
WM. KNABE & CO.

5TH AVE. AND 39TH ST.

 

 

 

SS

from the pulpit said;

 
     

 
    

OF THE

 

 
   

opportunities for EXCEPTIONAL purchases on
OF SPECIAL SALE, in Knabes, Steinways, Decker
Baby Grands, Parlor Grands,—undis-

 

 

 

Three Broadway Stores:
At Thirteenth Street,
At Canal Street,
At Chambers Street.

Hackett. Carhatt EG

Every garment is
the product of our
own organization,
maintained by us.

And every tailor-
man in the organi-
zation has full
knowledge of the
most intricate
phases of the craft.

Perhaps you will
a a Lene in this
or the superiority
of Hackett, Car-
hart clothes for
men.

Price doesn’t always
indicate the intrinsic
worth of an article.
Though only £3, our
** Imperial’” Hat is as
good as many that de-
mand more.

$15 to $45.
Suits that offer every evi-
dence of skilled tailoring and
consummate good taste and
good style.

     
   
    
    
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
       
  
   
  
  
 

 

a ae

 

&. Altman & Un,

nnn Se ee en enn ene nen

UNTRIMMED MILLINERY.

(First Floor.)

RECENT STYLES IN UNTRIMMED HATS FOR
PRESENT OR WINTER WEAR.

THE MOST

| PARADISE, OSTRICH AND FANCY FEATHERS; VELVET |
FLOWERS, FOLIAGE AND OTHER SEASONABLE TRIMMINGS. |

.

FEATHER HATS.

TRIMMED HATS IN SIMPLE EFFECTS FOR WOMEN'S
GENERAL SERVICE AND IN DRESS OR SCHOOL
MODELS FOR MISSES AND CHILDREN.

WOMEN'S TRIMMED WALKING HATS IN
SEVERAL DESIRABLE STYLES

$4.50 AND $6.00 EACH.

   
 

 

CHURCH IN POLITICS. “SILVER PLATE THAT Wears"

The silverware which delights
the guests as well as the
hostess is marked

“1847 ROGERS: BROS:

The Vanderveer Park Methodists Against
Senator Charieg Cooper.

A petition signed by many Republicans
in the Eighteenth Assembly district in
Brooklyn, and alireassel to Naval Officer
Fred J. H. Krauke, the leader of the district, |
protesting against the renomination of
Senat or Charles Cooper in the Eighth Senate |
district, was read from the pulpit of the
Vandev eer Park Methodist Episcopal Church
on Sunday by the v. De. W. Re Winans,
the pastor, and received his warm indorse-
ment.

Tho petition was also placed in the veati-
bule of the church for the signatures of
members of the congregation.

The opposition to Senator Cooper is based
on his action on some important bills last
winter and his failure to support anti-
saloon legislation.

Dr. Winans in his reference to the matter

“Senator Cooper

t

Knives, forks, spoons, etc., of
this brand are koown from
ocean to ocean.

Your dishes, trays, tureens,
etc., of peer _ should

y
MERIDEN BRITA CO,

 

is not the kind of man we want to represent
or misrepresent us.” ~* :

Senator Cooper has the waceing of te
Republican prganizationffor 1enom

‘

|