She AES Sen

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1906.

Ratered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mail Matter,

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

SUNDAY, Per Year

DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Yoar....... +

BALLY AND SUNDAY, Per Month
Postage to foreign countries added,

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Ageociation at 170 Nassau street, ta the Bogough of
Maahattan, New York.

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pwdlication wish to have rejected articles returned they
mast in all cases send mee for pres purpose.

The Cuban Crisis.

The administration of the Republic of
Cuba for the last four years has been
wonderfully successful, and the news of
the serious disturbances, threatened
bloodshed and great loss of property
came with a shock to the friends of Cuba.
The name of President PatMa had be-
come known to the world, and especially
to the financial world, as a synonym for
honesty and for conservatism, and was
the basis, together with the Platt Amend-
ment, of the investment of capital at a
reasonable profit and the loan of large

amounts of money to the Government of,

Cuba. What has recently occurred has
greatly shaken the credit of Cuba, has
stopped all business there and has made
it impossible at present for Cuba to
borrow any money anywhere at any
price. No matter, therefore, what settle-
ment and compromise may be made with
reference to the Congress and the Sen-
ate and the other offices in controversy
and the character of the election, it is of
the utmost importance, if possible, that
the continuity of the constitutional gov-
ernment be maintained by retaining
President PALMA as tRe executive head
of the Government, thereby assuring to
the world the identity of the future gov-
ernment with that which has obtained
such credit and such capital for the
country.

Opportunity at Buifalo.

There are three courses open to the
Democratic State convention that will
meet at Buffalo to-day. It can ‘com-
mit suicide by knuckling to the man
who tried to sandbag the Democratic
party in its stronghold last November
and who now is once more trying to pound
it todeath. That is-one course. If the
convention takes it, there will be nothing
left of the Democratic party but a heap
ofcarrion. The services of ascavenger,
not of an undertaker, will be needed.

A second course will be open to the
party assembled in convention at Buffalo,
It can put forward for the Governorship,
once held by De Witt CLINTON, SILAS
WriGut and Grover CLEVELAND, a man
possessed of no particular personal gifts
or definite personal convietions, and who
has no claim on the high office but the
fact that he has always worn the party
collar. By such an act the party would
at least keep its name and emblem, its
right toa place in the next Democratic
national convention. It would retain its
honor, if not its dignity; and could wait,
as it so long has waited, on the anxious
seat for better times.

The Democratic party of the Empire
State is not restricted to such alterna-
tives. It can nominate a man who can
give it what it has almost lost the taste
of in this State—victory. It can nomi-
nate a man who will make his own plat-
form and do his own talking, who thinks
for himself and fights for himself. It
can pick out a leader who stands for
something and will lead somewhere,
instead of handing out gammon and
graft. It can name for the Governorship
a man who is neither a bully por asneak;
neither the paymaster nor the hireling
of a bose; neither a wolf in sheep's cloth-
ing nor an ass in a lion's skin. In the
State of New York the Democratic party
looks pretty sick and shaky to-day; but
it can call, if it choose, upon a‘helper
who will bring revival in his eye and
tonic in his touch, whose voice will ring
out like a bugle, and who needs only to
be seen and heard to rekindle hope in the
blood of age and make the sihews of the
flabbiest, most wabbling voter strong
as steel.

At Buffalo the Democratic party will
have it¢ fate in its own hands. It may
cut its own throat and die despised.
It may succumb for the tenth time to
defeat, yet escape irreparable dishonor
and go down with flag still flying. Or
it may rise to a great occasion, reform
its shattered and discouraged columns,
send the wreckers, cowards and betray-
ers to the rear, and go forth to war under
the banner of a captain who never yet
was beaten at the ballot, box.

The Polit® Letter Writer,

Now that it is reasonable to presume
that President RooskEvELT has thor-
oughly indoctrinated his Cabinet in the
art of an Advanced orthography, we
have .the temerity to suggest that he
take its members in hand in the matter
of style. We admire Mr. Roor’s style,
It is incisive, insistent, lucid and un-
ambiguous; but it is inelegant. He is
more concerned with the matter than
with the elegancies, Mr. RoosEvELT
should correct his Secretary of State in
nespect to the eleyancies. The memory
of JoHN Hay must be sustained. The
Secretary of the Treasury is all right;
he only talks. Nothing can be done
with Secretary Tarr. He writes vo-

|

|

Aivérsified subjects, upon hing,
in fact. He resembles his somewhat
eminent uncle in that he fain would
dominate the whole world—of letters.

Ais style is too impulsive, too warm,

and, if the indiscretion may be par-
doned, too imaginative, Now we can
conceive that in the preparation of the
estimates of his Department and in set-
ting forth his conception of its require-
ments imagination is a good thing. It
undoubtedly serves him in good stead.
But there is perhaps nothing that is
more subversive of style than an uncon-
trolled and exuberant imagination. The
proper limitations of language chafe
and irritate. The chaste restrictions of
elegant and symmetrical phrase gall
and oppress. The impulse to fly the
occasions of periods that are polite will
not down. Mr. BonapaRTsT is the vic-
tim of euch an imagination.

Nowhere perhaps was this character-
detic of the Secretary of the Navy more
apparent than in his memorable Letter
to Young Lady, which was madepublic
yesterday. It is true that what it lacked
in elegance it more than up in
force, But it must be conceded that in
polite or other writing public men of Mr.
BoNAPARTB’S eminence should not allow
their imaginations to lead them into
imagination’s deepest pitfall, which is
sympathy. We submit humbly that
from & member of the Cabinet we have
a right to expect a more classical defer-
ence to those higher forms which should
be included and comprised in the Admin-
istrative style.

Panorama of the Nile’s Sources.

Tourists were carried up the Nile last
year as far as Gondokoro, within 360
miles of the head of the Nile on the north
shore of Victoria Nyanza. The
ment of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan bas
this year opened the Nile route clear to
Uganda on thé coast of the lake, and is
now taking steps greatly to improve
and quicken this service. According
to Mr. FRESHFIELD, the well known
mountaineer, one of the largest tourist
companies expects soon to sell tickets
to Victpria Nyanza by way of the Red
Sea, returning by the Nile.

The heart of the Ruwenzori Mountain
range is about 150 miles west of this
second largest of fresh water lakes and
the chief source of the Nile. Mr. FRESH-
FIELD, who returned a while ago from
Ruwenzori, says he believes these moun-
tains will frequently*be visited by tour-
ists in the coming years, and that from
some points of vantage on the range
practically the whole region of the Nile’s
sources will be within view. At the foot
of the mountains to the south is Lake
Albert Edward, and ninety miles to the
north is Albert Nyanza. These three
lakes are the sources of the waters that
go to form the upper White Mile.

It would indeed be a remarkable pano-
rama. The mountain mass rises from
11,000 to 14,000 feet above the surround-
ing plateau. Those who have been there
say that on a clear morning the two
greater of these lakes would be plainly
in view. When we visit the top of our
Mount Washington we may distinguish
the Adirondacks on the western horizon.
The distance is ab ut 130 miles, which is
nearly as great as that between Ruwen-
zori and Victoria Nyanza, while the
sightseer on the African range is more
than twice as high above the general
surroundings as the tourist on top of
the American mountain.

If vision can penetrate from any of
Ruwenzori’s outlooks to the central re-
gions of Victoria Nyanza, visitors may
see a water expanse that no one on the
lake itself has ever seen. No native
paddler or little European steamer has
ever crossed the lake. All of them hug
the coasts and the central regions are
still a mystery,

It will be an experience worth having
to see these sources of the Nile, which
the world vainly sought for centuries,
spread out before one’s eyes and kind-
ling with the glorious illumination of the
rising sun. Almost invariably the clouds
of Ruwenzori veil the vast scene except
for an hour or two after dawn; and it will
doubtless cost more in physical effort
to command this view than most folks
are able to pay.

Even if everything is provided, as on
many Alpine ascents, to make the jour-
ney up the slope as safe and comfortable
as possible, it will be a difficult climb;
and unless a shelter is built among the
upper snows, camp must be left long
before daylight with lanterns lighting
the way, as used to be done on Mont
Blanc. The great panorama bids fair
to be reserved for mountaineering ath-
letes until a cog wheel railroad is built.

Good-By to Higgins.

Governor Htaorns in declining yes-
terday to accept a renomination said:
“The party in its primaries has indorsed
my administration throughout the State
and elected delegates favorable to my
renomination.” The party thought it
was putting a quietus on ODELL, and
next to getting rid of him its greatest
relief is in bidding good-by to as wretched
a figure of a man and politician as ever
disfigured its history.

The Americanization of Cuba.

In an article in Appleton’s Magazine
Mr. ATHERTON BROWNELL remarks that
the much used phrase “the Americani-
zation of Cuba” is more grandiloquent
than truthful, for the reason that the
life, customs and institutions of the
country have been but lightly affected
by American influence. In a commer-
clal sense, however, there is a growing
significance in the term.

It is estimated Qe no less than $159,-
500,000 has been Mivested by Americans
in Cuban banks, railroads, electric lines,

luminously and with that dbsence of | sugar, tobacco, telegraph and telephone

style which is perhaps the most desirable
accomplishment that a writer can pos-
sess. He is not susceptible of improve-
ment; unless,
joined for a time the staff of THE Sun.
The transcendental, alas! does not ac-
Complish itself in practical life.

The Attorney-General, being a lawyer,
is exempt from criticism, even if he did
not come from Massachusetts; but the
Secretary of the Navy comes well within
the pale of the supreme censorship. He
writes with vast industry and upon widely

indeed,-it were that he |

systems, fruit lands, cattle, mines, mort-
gages, and city and unimproved real
estate. Mr. BROWNELL puts the land
holdings of Americans at 4,307,000 acres.
The three largest items of invest-
ment, however, are sugar, tobacco and
cattle, each about $30,000,000. Americans
odntrol electric transportation and
the telegraph and telephone. But the
combined British and Cuban railroad
bond issues and capitalization amount to
($48,931 Q00, as compared with American
‘holdings of $24,000,000, It should be

es

Pay

said that while the American ~ tobacco
trust has more money invested in the

uction of tobacco and the manu-
facture of cigars than the Cubans and
Europeans together it ia not true that
the trust controls, as ig popularly sup-
posed, all the best tobacco lands op
the island. Nor does the so-called sugar
trust dominate the sugar industry.
“Taking the island throughput ite length,”
says Mr. BROWNELL, “the American in-
terest in the total product is about 28
per cent.”

In the culture of fruits the Americans
are making rapid progress. Their in-
vestment amounts to $6,000,000, which
will soon be doubled, because it has been
discovered that California, with a 3,000
mile railroad to the Atlantic coast,
is at a great antage as a seller of
citrus fruits when, compared with Cuba,
which has only to pay water tolls and a
tariff rate that is not oppressive.

When it comes to trade interests, the
United »States, thanks mainly to the
reciprocity treaty, but also to favorable
banking facilities, does ‘a business with
Cuba which, although it could be im-
proved by such painstaking methods as
our European rivals employ, is ina fair
way to exclude them from the field as
serious competitors. “Cuba,” says Mr,
BROWNELL, “is the only country in the
world not an integral part of the United
States where American trade and com-
merce take precedence over those of all
others.” Her buying power is about
$100,000,000 a year, and she spends half
of this in the United States. The people
of Cuba, although only 1,700,000 in num-
ber, buy of the United States more than
the half billion people of China and
Japan.

What the future has in store for Cuba
will depend largely upon the behavior
of her people in the present crisis, but
whether their fate be independence qual-
ified by the Platt Amendment or annex-
ation to the United States, the discovery
of Cuba as a land of promise by the
American investor assures the develop~
ment of her teeming resources under,
any form of government, provided it is
stable. The investment of $159,500,000
already noted is but a beginning, and the
6,000 American settlers are only an ad-
vance guard. There are plans for pour-
ing as many millions more into Cuba,
and the tide of emigration was setting
more strongly toward the island every
day until the outs rose against the ins
and the problem of settling the conten-
tion, or intervening to restore order, was
thrust upon the United States Govern-
ment, with the result that for a space
the “Americanization of Cuba” in the
capitalistic sense is held up.

College Learning Jarred Again.

Again has the much derided and still
pursued college education received a
severe jolt. It was not a direct or end
on collision, nor yet a rear end smash,
but what railroad men in their pictur-
esque language call a “side swipe.” A
back handed or Parthian shot was fired:
this time and that, tgo, by a humble,
sidewalk treading policeman. Not in
the cunning pursuit of reckless crime,
but in the quiet act of assisting a soli-
tary female of his species to discover
where she was at.

“Oh, It wes pitiful
In a whole city full
Friends she had none,”

She was a Hungarian, and she was
lost in Broadway. How to make her
way back from the white light district
of oyster crabs and “wine” to the gou-
lash emporium in which she was em-
ployed she could not tell. Vainly she
questioned the passershy. They an-
swered her in Harvard French, Yale
German and Columbia literary. Sore
even tried her with gashouse English, but
in vain. She understood them not.

Then came Policeman Upton, who
had patrolled many posts in districts
where languages roar like many waters,
He tried her with Hungarian, and lo!
the lost was found. If this officer had
been a college bred man he might have
been familiar with some few words of
Greek or Latin or might have known a
little Oliendorf French or German. But
never would he have known Hungarian.

Not in the academic shades does a
man learn to prattle Magyar. Orna-
mental dead tongues are his, but the
living languages of the great East Side
are for the policeman, the real estate
agent, the Duke of Essex Street and
Rosey the Lawyer.

Well, H1cotvs has made up bis mind at
last. Strange that so little should take so
long.

The Hon. Jostan QurNcy insists that the
Hon. Butin Moran “has placed himself
outside of the pale of consideration by a
Democratic convention.” What are pales
to that high leaping hero? They are but
the exercise of a moment. Presta! He is
inside; and the tame herd in the enclosure
cavorts and bellows in an ecstacy of panic,

The Hon. Cy WAY, the tallest sky-
scraper in New Hampshire, has been re-
nominated unanimously for Representa-
tive in Congress of the First district. Mount
Washington is but an Ota Benga by the
side of Crnus ApamMs SULLOWaY. It is

pleasant to see the Republicans of his dis- ;

trict rallying, to a man, around that tall
and awful form.
Before and After Taking.

To Taz Epiror or Tas SuN—Sir: Is there any
mathematical formula under the law of compenss-
Hon that will truly and adequately express the
differance.in degree of condition of a person who
had regaled himself on severa) jorums of nut brown
October ale the “night before” and the near dark
brown taste that pervades his being in the “cold
gray dawn of the morning after’?’ :

Several times to-day { tried to deduce a formula
that would express in copcise terms the transition
of 4 mass from one epoch to another, but it has
proved too elusive for my limited mathematical
kn and I found myself unable to jot it
down in black and white. B. Suvrenn.

Fostoria, September 22. °

Age of the World.

To THE Eprror or Tux Sun—Sir: In Tax Sun
of September 23 there was printed a letter headed
“Orthodox Judaism; Is It Declining Among the
Younger Generation in This Town?”

1 would like the writer of that letter to give us
the proofs whereby science has proved to the people
of this age that the wogd is millions of millions
of years old, or, as he puts lt, “a world without
beginning or without end.” JOSErH MoRENs.

BROOKLYN, September 24.

Voices of Time,

Knicker—Do you like the silent watches of the
night?
Outlate—Yep; it's

omey.

the cuckoo clocks that give
me tt

Sei Ze Te aaa eee iL i, 2 ek sy addled

vinpICATIN rae LIMERICK.

1. paren Walle in rper'e Manasine.
as been said by ignérant and undis-
would-be critics thet the

i
fo

Poser . indeed, some heve gone so far
ae to Bay that it is rot poetry at all.

A brief consideration of ite claims to pre-
eanuckes amang recognized forms of verse
will sqon convince any intelligent reader of
its auperiative worth and beauty:

As @ proof of this, is we emnnees, Oo Oi
lowing Umerick, which in. the opinion ‘of
Connoisseurs is the best one ever written:

There was @ young lady of Niger,

Wito amitled as she rode on a tiger:

They came back from the ride
Witp the lady inside,

And esnije on the face of the tiger.

. Now let us compare this exquisite bit of
real poesy with what might have been if
Chaucer had written the lines:

| A mayde ther ben, in Niger born and bredde;

* Hire merye amyle went neere aboute hire hedde.

Uponne & beeste ahes rood, a tyger gaye,

And @ikerly shee laughen on hire ways,

Anon, as \t bifel, bak from the ryde

Ther came, his sadel hangen doone bisyde,

The tyger. On his countenauncé the whyie

Ther ben behelde « gladnesse and 4 amyle.

Again, if Austin Dobson had chosen to
throw off the thing in triolet form:

She went for ride,

¢ went for a ride;
But she came back ineide,
With the emtie on the tiger!
She went for a ride,
That young lady of Niger. /
Rossetti, with his inability to refrain from
refrains, might have turned out something
like this: '

T™ Niger dwelt a lady fair,

(Bacon and eggs and a bar o’ soap!)
Who emited ‘neath tangtes of her heir,
As her steed began his steady lape.

(You lke this atyle, ] hoped

On and on they eped and on,
(Bacon end eggs and 4 bar o' soap).
On and on and on ang on
(You see I've not much scope.)

E’en ere they loped the second mile
The tiger ‘gan his mouth to ope;
Anpa be halted for a while;
Then went on with # pleasant smile
(Bacon and eggs and « bay 0’ seaph
Omar would have looked at the situation
philosophically, and would have summed up
his views in some such characteriatic lines
as these:
Why If the Soul can fing the Dust aide
And emiling, on a Tiger bilthely ride,
Were't not a Shame--were't sot a Shame for him
In stupid Niger tamely to abide?

Strango, !s it not? that of the Myriads whe

Before us rode the Sandy Desert through,
Not one returns to tell us of the Road,

Which to discover we ride smiling too.

We are no other than a moving Row
Of Magic Niger shapes that come and go
Round with the Smile tlumined Tiger held
In Midnight by the Master of the Show.
Tennyson would have seem a dramatic
opportunity, and would have gloried in his
chance, thus:
Half @ ‘eague, half a
On the big tiger,
Rode with a smiling face
The lady of Niger.
Mad rushed the noble steed,
Smiled she and took no heod;
Smiled at the breakneck speed
Of the big tiger.

Boldly they plunged and ewayed,
Fearless and unafraid—
Tiger and lovely maid,
Fatr and beguiling:
Filash'd she her sunny smiles,
Fiash'd o'er the sunlit miles;
Then they rode back, but not
Not the same «miling! A

Whea can their giory fade?

O the wild charge they made,
Riding from Niger:

Honor the ride they madet

Honor the smiles disniayed,
Lady and Tiger.

Kipling, of course, would have seized the
theme for a fine and stirring Barrack Room
Ballad:

“What Is the lady smiling for?”
Said Files on-Parade.
“She's gotng for a tiger ride.”
The Color Sergeant sald;
“What makes her smile se gay, eo gay?”
Sald Files-on Parade;
“She likes to go for tiger rides,”
The Color-Sergeant said.
“For she's riding on the tiger, you can eee his stately
stride;
When they're returning home*again, she'll take a
place Inside;
And on the tiger's face will be the amile so bland
and wide,

But she's riding on the tiger in the morning.”

Browning would have been pleased with
the subject and would have done the best
he could with it, doubtless along,these lines:

THE LAST BIDE TOORTHER.

(The Tiger speaks.)

Since now at length your fate you know,

I sald, “Then, Dearest, since "tis so,

Since nothing all your smile avails,

Since all your life seems meant for falls,

Menceforth you ride inside,”

Who knows what's best? Ah, who can tell?

I loved the lady. Therefore—well—

I shuddered. Yet it had to be.

And so together, T and she

Ride, ride, forever ride.

Swinburne would have spread himself
thusly:
O marvellous, mystical maiden,
With the way of the wind on the wing;
Low laughter thy lithe lips bath laden,
Thy smile ts a Song of the Spring.
O typical, tropical tiger,
With wicked and wheedicsome wiles;
O lovely lost lady of Niger,
Our Lady of Smiles.
Edgar Allan Poe would have put it this
way: ;
See the lady with a amile,
Sunny smile!
Hear her gaysome, gleesome giggle es she rides
around in style!
How the merry laughter trips
From her red and rosy }
As she sm!ics, smiles, smiles, amilea, smiles, smiles
smiles,
While she rides along the dusty, desert miles.

See the tiger with a amile,
Happy smile!
If such a smile means happiness, he's happy quite
a pile: '
Mow contentedly he chuckles as he trots along the
miles
Oh, he doesn't grow! or groan
As he ambles on alone,
But Le amiles, amiles, amiles, emiles, smiles, smiles,
ainiles,
As he homeward goes along the desert miles.
And Longfellow would‘have given it his
beautiful and clever “Hiawatha” setting:

Oh, the fair and lovely lady:

Oh, the sweet and winsome Iady;*
With a amile of gen tig goodness

Like the lovely Laughing Water.
Oh, the day the lovely lady

Went to ride upon a tiger.

Came the tiger, back returning,
Homeward through the dusky twilight;
Ever slower, slower. slower,

Walked the tiger o'er the landscape;
Ever wider, wider, wider,

Spread the smiie o'er all his features.

And so, after numerous examples and care.
ful consideration of this matter, we are led
to the conclusion that for certain propositions
the limerick is the best and. indeed the only
proper vehicle of expression.

American and English Humor.

To Tw Eprror or THE SUN—Sir: I am moved
by your paragraph of Sunday in which you draw
comparisons between the Coney Island Mardi Gras
and the joyous festival which one may observe in
New Orleans and in certain Continental cities on
sultable occasions, to call your attention to a like
elemental difference between what we are pleased
to call American humor and that subtle article of
similar name current in Engiand. It is related of
a belated dinner guest that he approached a “bobby”
near the Gal In the Ponntain who presides in the
centre of the round square known as Piccadilly
Circus in London, Thus belated way farer:

* “Beg pardon, officer, but could you tell me ts
this Trafalgar Square or is it Tuesday?”

Now it was not Trafalgar Square, nor was it
Tuesday, so the — policeman explained the
situation, The inquiring traveller laughed bolster.

ously. “I always knew you dama Englishmen had
Ro senee of Gmepes,” he sald, Hu. BP.
Batavia, September a4, '

league,

Umertok
among the classio and best forms of }

| about 190 yards depth, then after ffty

| Pre DNDIANA OpNSPI
Crptire x Basa, the Mead of ¢

of Liberty.

To tae Epiror or Tax Sux-—4sr: ly Tne
wh of September 18 appeared an article
olga ab Tn relating to.evente

owe

at Indianapolis towafd the
ar. With me the war'® over
as been since the surrender of Lee. It

‘but Meantime I do not think such
ta as Mx. Lenguemare puts
to stand as » correct account of wi
‘place'at the time he refers to, ”
Mr. Longuemare asserts that he ia the only
wg witness to the incidents he relates,
bat I ought to know something of the opera+
tions of the Sons of Liberty, or Knights of the
Golden Circle, for 1 was gt that time in comr
mand at Indianapolis, arrested, of had ar-
rested, all the men he names
of others and had them in my
their were afterwards until
r ipent’' to the Ohio} Pen!
and subseqibatly discharged by order of the
‘Supreme Cqurt of the United Sfates.
That there were frequent ¢
‘between Confederates’ in Can
conspirators in IiMnois, India
bu} chiefly In Indiana, is quite
‘der of consyjrators were
tinje arrested, some of them
held untfl the final dighharge of all
the prisoners after the war ended.
But that there was anyth @ en organi-
zation of 20,000 men, or in f, organiza-
tign at all wortby of the name, de very far
f the truth. There ‘no time during
ia period when a th mon, or half
that number, could have D paraded with-
out being crushed the dgy they undertook
to form, and the further
were 50,000 of the ve
Sherman ready to join
these would-be conspirators in the North is
too absurd for an but ridicule.
_ A few cases of « make of revolvers
were sent to Tndinpapelis as “Sunday school
tracts.” Governor Morton was advised of
their shipment and I tmmediately put de-
tectives at the freight depots to watch for
their arrival. one evening I was advised
that the boxes described had arrived and im-
mediately sen} men to see where they were

tiary

rtion that there
of Thomas and
erew that included

stored. As soon as this was found out a
guard placed around the building and
inside of it to prevent any communication
between roems or entrance into the building,
which proved rather a hardship for a number
‘of good gitizens who, however, did not com-
n they knew what it was done for.
engbled us to capture not only the
revolvers but the ritual, the list of members
and,
of

ll the documents pertaining to the order

Sons of Liberty. Harrison H. Dodd
original organizer and heed of the Sons
berty, was also in the building.

Governor Morton unfortunately had about
him a number of officers who were alarmists
and who led him to believe it would not be
safe to undertake to arrest Dodd without a
military force of 10,000 men at hand, but
Dodd was in fact arrested at daylight the
next morning by a single resolute officer,
Captain Middleton, who went in a hack to
his office, arrested him and took him to the
military prison before his arrest was known
even to the Governor.

Of course there was wild excitement when
it was known that revolvets had been shipped
to Indianapolis and that the ritual and list
of members of ihe Sons of Liberty had been
eaptured. Infact the wrath and indignation
of the patriotic people of Indianapolis was
almost unbounded, and it is due to them to
say that after these things were found ont
the only need of a military force there wae |
to save the necks of the few who were ro see |
stood to sympathize with the conspirators.
Dodd was afterward taken from the military
prison and confined in a room in the Post
Office Building, from which he made his escape
te Canada.

A number of men were arrested in the
State and afterward tried by a military com-
mission (not a court-martial). Of this num-
ber Bolles, Milligan and Horsey were con-
victed of treason and sentenced to death.
Bolles was then over 80 years of age, garru-
lous but of kindly disposition, given mostly
to talking of milk sickness; Horsey was half
a fool; Milligan was the only man of ability
among them and he was the least guilty.
Mrs. Milligan, his wife, was one of the noble
women of Indiana who took such an active
part in the relief of Union soldiers. I did
‘not believe any of the time that a military
commission had any right to try these men,
anti after the sentence was known I wrote to
President Lincoln describing the men and
recommending that the sentence be not exe-
cuted. In reply I received a characteristic
letter in which the President said to keep
the men where they were until things quieted
down and adding: “But you may rest assured
I shall not be guilty of hanging an old granny
or a fool.”

When Johnson came in as President he im-
mediately ordered the execution of these
men. It would be too much of a diversion
to tell here how this order was evaded and
the lives of these men saved. They were sent
to the Ohio Penitentiary, but not long after
the Supreme Court, fortunately for the pri-
vate citizen, pronounced the whole proceed-
ings of trial by military commission un-
constitutional and al! were released.

I wish to add in this connection that the
action of Governor Morton in early nipping
this conspiracy in the bud cannot be too
highly praised. A. J. WAaner.

GaINnEsvILuE, Ga., September 22

The Rising Generation.

To THe Eprron or Tar Scn—Sir: My kick ts on
the “fresh kid”; he has become far too numerous
for the good of the present or future generations,
One encounters and has to give the “fresh kid” the
right of way in every path of life. On the street
care he hurls his apple cores 4nd his Chimmy Fad-
dea biackguardism indiscriminately, regardless of
the rights of person, property or sensibilities.

The “fresh kid” is the product of the “yellow”
sense of humor. He has been Buster Browned,
Katzenjammered, Foxy Grandpa'd, &c., until he
has grown to be a positive peril, It's, time the
tables were turned.

Once I was a “fresh kid.” Im those days there
were no Sunday “funny aides” or Societies for the
Prevention of Making Brats Mind. The boss sent
me to call a fellow employee wito had arrived at
somewhere near forty without acquiring an apore-
elation of the “fresh kid.” Instead of approaching
bim with the message | whistied to him shrilly and
signalled to him from afar. He came to me all
right, and when he got within reach he slapped me
exactly fifteen feet. I arose a changed being.

Let's set about and reform the “fresh kid he
fan’t “funny” any more. R. W. P.

New Yoru, September 24.

Negroes Compared With Bank Presidents.

To Tye Eprron oF Tuam Sun—sir; In a recent
despatch Booker T. Washington Is quoted ag chid-
ing his race because they do not become bank
presidents and financial magnates generality.

‘om my peggonal expertence with bank pres!
dents, and from what I read about them almost
dally, | would far ratBor be a negro working in a
cotton feld under the bright sun, with his abound-
ing temperament, his love @f music, and his imagt-
nation (childieh as itis) than to be classed with the
Hippies and the others who have not yet teen
caught—or even with our insurance presidents!

It Is Jugt as hard to day fora rich man to get into
beaven an it was 2,000 years ago. | am sorry that
Mr. Washington does not realize this and preach
to his race accordingly. READER.

Tror, September 22. ,

ED
Mysterious Submarine Notice.

To Tam Eprrom or Taz Sux—Sir: Some days
ago was embarked In Genoa for New York an tron
box provided with a few crystals called a new diver,
to go to the bottom of the sea.

Inside of the box comes tightly enclosed a man;
a double tube of gutta percha is adapted to pump
the alr in the box. old system.

You send it down to the bottom of the sea, at
minutes

ee re crm
Am Adveonte Whe Places It Above Pro
feesiona) tustruction.

To tae Enrron ov Tax Sun—Sir: It ts
true, as “Ex-No. 6" says, that the conditions
surrounding amateur rowing here differ from
those in England. It may be true that Eng-
Hahmen: row for love of the sport more than
do our college oarsmen. The English uni-
versity oareman as @ rule begins to row —_

oreo

Cambridge. He ¢ ‘ore fits into @ uni-
versity boat more naturally than if his row-
ing career started on the Ieie or Cafh. At
the same time—a circumstance sometimes
overlooked--many men begin to row after
matriculation at the universities, so that they

. are novides as much as any of our men. But

agd @ number |
rae during
were dis-

igen
and
’ ona} .
Soothe.
with
fee 4 a im
select as only ano
competent aa hie Et
7 ae ae little e
a cape what
them Bos Ps
t a on

you draw him up, the man has not seen or done |

anything, but it docs not matter, you sell the patent
. if there ts - and all right
Good -by. ADVISER.
New Yor«, September 24.

ee
Disrespect to the King.
From the Court Journal

SheMeld, Rotherham and the other treat manu-
facturing towns of the West Riding contyibuted
the majority of the crowd that poured into Don-
caster on Tuesday, and ali the private stands were
well Niled. Top hats were a good deal worn as a
Seemaeee aan anne: ree eee
dissentient ma. iy wi sported biyycocke and
ovewa

no Englishman his “blue” until he hes
had rowing racing experience in boats
having only fixed seats,

Once in @ Rilo an an exceptionally | good
Eto or othér achoolboy will'make the var-
sity crew in his freshman year: but etch in-
stances are rare. The schoolboy, no matter
what his experiences, has almost tsvariabhly
to prove his quality at Oxford, for example,
hy rowing first in his “torpid” in February,
next in his “sight” in May and finally in the
varsity trials in December before being
chosen to fil a place in the university crew.
Of course we have here nothing like this sys-
tem, more’s the nity. “Ex-No. 6” will, if he
visits Oxford, for example, on any day ee
October June, save in vacation time

on the towing oo undergraduate anes

cares a ae
cal 204, oF sake a year's

nal as porows Gnd thelr
wn came nebo

eet
eae ee
same a sop Yale, Co

sylvan that it. is far
Better for rowing as asport for versity

rT

juste: of the u =
raduate, ort ‘0 Bay U Pe youn hte an
oarsman of one or more seaso :
ai quite as co ne is eoeems
o apy

ow it to welittle Gay loteltigen
ai mity mgs other wige of 0 ur boasted agree.
Man ienc
vat sg diet in their first crew a Oxfor
idge—some nene ever. But
em bi the things

a ther wee through | {9
in eae ing
wmoatue soe
of making

eer - the
The

din: ed Int into their ears
sects sucleot and
nt

crow thes en le
of their “ie rgood vrs jothe

oarsman, sah good a
te mith the our a ct
ped later.
Fou wi wn = ee Teotne in place
ree commen: t rowing

ial success is the end
anh in’ mow of ow our yoane men, it may

a ne bach h veer ro eS tinpartine hig
odes of rowing to it o
pure erat ‘or = sport. Buc saupely eve oven t noe

pet bad men fhe
off ve

prove
vote a tetle

Saeed te tabe’e te 7
r to help

rom
eb on much,

Caroma wil be

rgraduate coud cacao ans ae ae .

course th ene te J, {titiprove ung. tne to
yo§r correspondent, who 8: ow many
amateurs are there in this co nt! ogpents ot
Ce ee
urn out @ winning orew,
ep a old fashioned ideas of { sport
I  taderstand amateur sport to exist rather
5 Scans 8° 8 ene tek te a 6 itself.
samen,
asa
4s com-
etely. dine
preze
est wseiees
£ oo)
Pro! easional 0 ot

“sporte | h whieh pro
ripen, teach chen

t

age im sport as
. Amateurs F+
upasound
mind.
must

rof
to any t livell
per to buil
anion of a sou
wo views or e
sociat if amateur A
gusoie 2D reach its
or the argument ex
lawn “oot oes

» sug
comp

ing arg. be ate
are em-
= be they
for ama-
epeones,

tke <f

crews over
HAS#® MBLLEN.

i
i & for
ad or ind erent

eal bad | as asians pro’
jent,. I may add

al
amateur coach iy oot, oe
Professionals as he states =
New York, September

however
with Guy Nic

A Dry Invitation.

To tae Epiron or Tar Stx—Sir: I note
in your leading editorial of this date that you
flay both the Democratic an Republican
parties. As from the tone of the article men-
tioned you will be unable to support the oan-
didate of either of the old parties, I suggest
that you turn to the party which is always
consistent and always right, and which has
honored me with the nomination for Gov-
ernor. Should I be elected I promise you that
you Will never have cause to refer to me as
“that emphysematous and crapulous entity.”

H. M. Ranngut,
Probibition candidate for Governor.
New York, September 24.

Tho Dominaagt American Woman.
Professor Patten tn the Independent.

In America 4 s°irit that may be called cosmo-
Politan, in contrast with that which exhausts Itself
within the four walls of home, animates the well
nourished, successful class. Housekeeping must
become a matter of wards and precincts if it fs to
Sitisfy the craving for motion. The dominant
woman { athletic, and seeks preati¢e in following
sporte like automobdiling, golf, riding and walking;
oen she indulges in the half sentimental pleasures
of handicrafts that belonged to medimval Italy or
aboriginal Meaioo and the practice of a mild wsthet-
fics that relfeves idle muscles. These women are
highly coordinated, with a developed sense of
beauty and an abiiity to perform fine and varied
but not heavy tasks. Industry, with to- ~day,s rude |
surroundings, opens no avenue to the exercises of
their delicate and nervous powers: nor could the
factory process reawaken their powerful motives |
or redirect their primitive ceat of }ife, now obscured
by the sudden phenomena of leisure. Thetr new
vehicles for ancient energies will be found tn phil-
anthropy, politics, myntcipal government, child aav-
ing—in that social work for the furtherance of which
these women are go rapidly multipiying associations |

and clubs.
ns

A German Deel,
From the Ta'vet.

The Germanta reports the followlng case: A young
oMcer quarretied with a friend who was 4 solicttor.
Hot words were exchanged, and the officer struck
his friend. Here the matter might have ended
there wag something to forgive and regret on
both sides. But the officer's regiment heard of the
affair. and a court of honor decided that he must
challenge the civilian, Soa duel by command took
plage, and the young lawyer fell mortally wounded
by his friend. When the officer returned home he
was arrested on the information of the president
of the court of honor whieh had forced him to fight.
He was trieg by an ordinary tribunal, and sen-
tenced to three months tmprisonment. The ptes-
ident of the court of honor knew he wes urging the
oMoer,to an illegal deed when he insisted on the
duel; bat honor, a8 he understood it. must be sat-
ised at all cost.

Se
Tribute to the Rapid Transit Board.

To THs EoIToR O@ THE SUN—Sir: Is there any
more necessity for connecting the Brooklyn and
Williamsburg bridges elther by an elevated struc-
ture or a subway than that a cat should have two
tals? If there te any real and suMcient Treason,
will Tae Sow give it at length?

The city spent hundreds of thousands of dollars ;
for the Manhattan approach to the Willlamsburg
Bridge and now the sixteenth ceatury Rapid Tran-
sit Board,which made a gift of the subway to the
operating company, proposes to decorate this ap-
proach with an elevated raitroad at the Srecial
metance of the trans ortation monopoly.

Was there ever a municipality anywhere whoec
Intercsts have been so miserably managed by its
oMciais? Is it any wouder that unthinking people
look for relief to municipal ownership?

Naw Yora, September 24, J.D. Donrra.

Tho Ninth Month.
September wandered by the rilis
With aspect wan and wild,
Albeit upon vales and hilis
Her pensive beauty smiled.

She cried, “My heart Is well nigh broke;
Oft have I sat and wept
Because of unromantic tlk
_ Wao aiwere rie me Sept.”

MAGASINE BDITORS.
A Writer Whe Has ® Mind Word for
Thom.

To tas Epitos or Tus Buw—6ir: I, g
son who, in the inspired language of Bj)j
ye, has “monkeyed with literature” for q
number of years, have every reason to
believe that magazine editors are quite hu.
man. True, many of them take themselves
seriously and are possibly prone to face the
world with a protruding chest, but I maintain
thie ie but a sign and token of their human.
ness. It will be observed that all persons
who, owing to the nature of their calling,
have under their control, no matter how
temporarily or remotely, the fate or welfare
of others, are almost sufe to exhibit the same
qualities; and I may cite as instances the
often superb hauteur of «@ traffic guiding
policeman, the lofty disdain of most motor.
men, and the royal condescension or indiffer.
ence of the smoothly shaven gentlemen who
preside at the box offices of theatres.

There can be listie doubt that this attitude
of superior wisdom assumed, or perchance
necessarily acquired, by the magazine editors
will cause them to overlook some really good
stuf which, br a men im e@ prayerful mood,
would be recognized and accepted. But I
held that your correspondent “Black and
White” has by no means made out a case of
lack of discernment on the part of the editors
merely because they unanimously “turned

ed ling story. In fact,
sy deren ae @ to prove just

wry? says that” ote g ork ipiin fs
~ or

that +

i a. of
e@
wted

est pub-
the story.
these m caxine

whe story even in its
ite a large aseump-
our corre-
“etatener ¢ frequentiy
a ent frequently
ate proved asta that many of the
established

eta 8 of
of eae a writers” has Se sapected if

Goes pot! mention what

eile r te nfortunate,
the at Ay ne gpl a8 most other writers.

for ing,
has e poor stuf. But
fee et ig eo i
c) an-
a ore ne ‘ar raore likely) what else could

and White” AA neta ou accom,

Piiited ‘alt ‘of red

of rejection? “Did they look for
8 note condemn for an act which
even “ k

them
hite” himself confesses
nit ota tes oe propriety-”?
T ex

been that editors are
4, in eorvenpentence

sot, be re y necessar a rule which
unless in all properly con — pusteess,

ao or he sche

— me wee of, vn heade rc wie,
e the anuge rip

et then twas to ae Tf, on
en it Was

t
~ Yue on only thing that it seens
Es oaned the conspirators’ souls was

poasibly
iui ‘ester on oe tece ght so i no such lette was
tion ia 27, one of the sixteen cases woul
Se. wa a Fo me y one ie.
non ‘some y’ ectual pretensions
_— le of editorial forbesrance
but " See . Gaisent | P. COL EM 4x

™ Nartucne?, Mass., Septembe

The Rewards of Literature.

To Tas Eprror or Tar SuN--Sir: In supgort
of Mr. Watson's dissatisfaction with the “rewards
of literature,” published in to-day’s Sus, may I
add a few words in your esteemed publication’ I
hope, im the first place, that he will take oomfort in
the assurance of the fact that an article “accepted
last April is hung up until an estate Is settied” 's
not a unique experience. | myself am trying to
bear up under a similar trial. 1 also knew a gentic-
man whose article was accepted by an infantile,
or should I say juveniie, magazine 4nd who was
astonished to see it appear several years afterward;
though tn this case, I believe, Be received payment
in advance. 1! also know # reputable author who
has been straining his eyes for thirty years for the
advent of a creation of his mind which was ac-
cepted by a magasine in the list given by “Black
and White.”

May I suggest, however, that it Isn't quite fatr
to hold magazine editors responsible for the tmme-
diate publication of their acceptances. As is weil
known, peychological moment ts not continuous,
and on @ over his cold storage stock the editor
is frequently genuinely attacked “with regrets.”

Personally, I do not believé that there 1s “ring,”
because from my own experience I oah't see how
anybody would think it worth while to get into it.

I have had dealings with severat 8, and
tm only two instances have I been able to reap the
“rewards of literature” without the eid of a
lawyer.

I think that before embarkiag onthe eea of !\ter-
ature as a means of livelihood your correspondent
should have read Byron and goted:

“Now Barabbas was a publisher.”
EsTm@er SINOLETON,
New Yor, September 28,

Tart.

From the Washington Post

If Jackson had his Benton, Roosevelt has
his Taft. Rarely has a President-had so wise
an adviser, and never a President bas had in
-his Cabinet a truer man. He may not be the
next President; he may never be President;
but in that great office he would rank with
the great Presidents. Able, honest, cour-
ageous, patriotic, he has the genius of com-
mon sense and the charity of a noble human-
ity. He is very nearly Grover Cleveland with
some sharp corners knocked off.

We do believe that Theodore Roosevelt's
chief attribute of greatness is his gift for
selecting instruments. Certainly he is for-
tunate in having William H. Taft as an ad-
viser. It is scarcely probable that the stand-
Ppatters would allow the nomination of Taft
for President; but if it were a general and
honest primary, it is altogether probable that
he would get the nomination. ,

nsyliing

caesiatgiinniignasdbiensionengunants
Restoring the Cracifix tn Braril’s Courts.

From the Tabtet.

On the first proclamatéon of the republic tn Braztl
the pace was forced in the direction of the secular-
‘zation of everything. There wae ta be “lay neu-
trality” in the schools, civi) marriages. civt! burials,
and gp the same principle the crucifix was removed
from the courts. A few months ago a movement
Arose for the resioration of the crucifix to lis time
honored place over the judicial bench in the law
courts. This movement quickly spread from town,
; and a short time ago Rio de Janeiro was the scene

| of a splendid demonstration of enthusiastic faith

a on of some 10,000 persons represen ing
all classes of society marched from the cathedral
fo the music of two military bands through ‘)¢
Prtectpal strects of the city. Crowds of propie

| Were masned on each side of the way, and «very
window ond balcony was filled with respect {ul
sightneers. In the middie of the Jong line of the
procession, under a rich canopy, the cords of which
were held by aix magistrates and oMcers, wo
the parish priest carrying the crucifix, ani at tie

| end came a bevy of young giria representing the
twenty-one Brazilian States and decked wit) ri!
bons of the national colors. The pricat bearing
the erveifx entered the creat hall of the
where he was received by the pyesiding Judge «0
took the image into his arms, and, alter ce)
kissing the fvet, restored it to its old place
the bench,

thea

White and Native Labor in the Philippines.
From the Ratéroad Gasete
With regard to the relative efficiency of wht:
native labor in the skilled trades im the islands
| experince hae been that a Filipino does about une-
| Ralf as much work in a day asa white man bu (hot
| country, and about one-third as puch as the white
man does in bis own country, h the advantace
on the side of the white man that he thinks furiier
ahead of his Job than a native and Is not so was! « ‘ul
of materials.
| The only marked defect applying to al! classes of
| workmen ts that of instability, The Pilipino is 1+
| Steady and may not be devended upon asa recat
laborer until ho makes up his mind to feign s
| ess less frequently and until he manages to red
| materially the hypothettes! death rate recorie’
among bis relatives. Instances are known where
' single workmen have lost dozens of \maginary a0)''6
} and uncles and several such fathers and mothe: s \o
the course of a single year.

Travel in Philadeiphta.
From the Old Gold ahd Biue.

Iam much perplexed by the signs I see in (16
trolieys about the use of exchange slips. (°0
you tell me how they should be used?

it certainly is & complicated matter, and »
Planging to get out & guide to make the n.”
clear, East of the junction formed by a westb«: |
car an e&change from an eastbound car is «
only if the westbound car is west of the jun 4
formed by said eastbound car. South of the
tion formed by 4 northbound car an exchaic?
from & southbound car Is good south of the junc! iva
if the northbound oar was north of the Junction ot
the time of issue, but only south of the junct! 9
Going south If the southbound car was going no 3
@t the time it was south of the junction. io \"@
cumne Way the Value of cnshanges in thy other df
portions may be caloviniet — ow vr: