ee ns

Sam

e+
CAPTORED BY DRUMMER COP.

OLARINETIST WHO THREATENED
CONTERNO LOCKED UP.

—~—

 

“#”
Whole Court Dances to Pipe of Musical
Prisoner—Leadcr Yande Walia Outl-
side for His Bright Red Uniform
, —Arrest Hurried Ou by Falke Tempe,

® Bandmaster Louis (onterno of the Four-
teenth Regiment Band got a warrant in
the West Sido police court several months
ago for the arrest of Riccardo “Toggi, 4
former ociarinetist of his organization,
who he declared had threatened him with
violence. Toggi could not be found.

Conterno went to the court again yee-
terday saying that he had reoeived threat-
ening letters from the man, and insisted
@pon his arrest, Policemen Trojan and
Glennan of the court squad were told that
Toggi Was in town and would parade with
an Italian band in Mulberry street several
hours latter. Conterno warned the cops
that Toggi was wily and would have to
be taken by strategy.

The band was readily located at ite head-
quarters in Mulberry street, near Canal,
tuning up previous to leading the St,
Joseph's Italian picnie procession down
to the Roosevelt street ferry. All the
members Were in gaudy red and blue uni-
forms, and the policemen soon hatched up
a echeme with the leader, Giuseppe Yando,
by which they were to disguise themselves
as bandsmen.

A @pare drum was given to Trojan and
Glennan was fitted out with a drum-major’s
paraphernalia. It was expected that the

wanted would show up before the
started. However, he failed to ap-
, and the forward order was given.
t was clearly up to the copa to make a bluff
at carrying out their parts before the other
musicians. Fortunately Trojan could
drum a little and boldly started in on an
agrermee quickstep.
the band swung past Canal street
Toggi. attired in full uniform and witp his
clarinet, came running up in breathless
haste and fell in. Music was passed around
for a march and at a given signal from
G » who got his cue from Leader
Yando, a military air was started. The
drum jor flourished his baton with great
gene the other cop drummed for all
was worth.

“That’s a rotten new drummer,” said
Toggi in Italian between breaths to a fel-
low member. “His tempo is wretched.
It's funny the boss would’tund for anything
eo bad. a
Trojan,‘ looking’up just then, saw the
Ttalian eyeing him and thinking that he
pee discovered ‘the ruse pounced upon

im.

“You're under arrest,” he cried.

The bandman resisted and the music
broke up in confusion. Glennan attempted
to.go to his pal’s assistance, but the mem-
bers of the band, despite the leader's ex-
planation, had jumped onto the men. Some
one seeing the row telephoned to Police
Headquarters and it was not until the ar-
riva] of help from the Mulberry street sta-
tion that the musicians stopped pummelling
the cops. Neither had a chance to show
his pede. When the uniformed police
arrived they insisted on arresting Glennan
and Trojan and only laughed when they
tried to explain that they were policemen.

Things were finally explained and the
on ged man placed under arrest. ‘The cops
hen went back to the starting place and
later took the prisoner around to the West
Bide police court.

After waiting several hours Conterno
did not appent and time began to fall heavily

ands of

upon the the musician, and in the
waiting cage he unlimbered his instrument
and on a concert.

u
“Can you ey ‘Bill Simmons'?” asked
“If I see nie 7ee, repliéd the music man.
Accordingly the court copa threw in and
@ messenger was hastil eomenenes for the
music of the tune. @ Italian caught
the sewing of the song readily and soon
every one was prancing around im the court.
Several times the cops lined up in front of the
M trate with their prisoners had to be
called down for fancy stepping on the sly.
When 4 o'clock, the hour of closing, was
reached the bandmaster still had not put
in an appearance, and Magistrate Mayo or-
dered the prisoner arraigned anyway. He
was held in $300 bail for further examination

to-day as a suspicious person.

Toggi had hardly been taken to his cell
when a new trouble fell on him. Band-
master Yando came along with a delega-
tion to get Toggi's uniform, instrument
and music, which he said were the property
of the band.

No one around could speak Italian and
TL minute the band leader in search
of h conning became more excited. The
day was saved by the appearance of Joseph

Vv ,aclerk in a nearby law office, who
tired that, owing to the rules of the
prison, Yando would not be allowed to speak
with the prisoner.

“I’ve got to get my uniform if T have to
break into the prison!” shouted Yando
wildly.

en the word was carried to T i
he only smiled and said that if the leader
sent him a new suit of clothes he would
gladly exchange.

When the court house was locked up for
the night the Italian delegation still loitered
about. Ae Trojan and Glennan passed out,
ee. one of the lingerers shouted after

ern:

“You're a fine muzish—you're a damn

frend!"
FIGHTING BOB HAD THE FACTS.

*’ A Higberto Untold Story Shows That He

i Speaks by the Book.
e From Harper's Weekly.
The naval review at Oyster Bay, because
it was commanded by Admiral Robley D.
Evans, perhaps recalls an incident of the

Spanish war which has not before been
written about. It may be that ita recital

. at this time will help to show how accurate

a man is this officer, who has suffered some-
phat from a false conception of his char-

acter.
Admiral Sampson had determined to
the war by the bombardment of
Havana, and on April 4, 1898, Evans, then
Captain, wrote a letter to the then editor
of Harper's Weekly, containing this para-

I aball bave the honor of leading in the
lo and when we open, at about 800 yards,
with Indiana close astern, if those poor chaps
from the Maine don't giggle in their coffins
ie will be a wonder.

This was the pregnant part of the letter.
was forbidden from Washi
to attack Havana, much to his disappoint-
ment wrath. To one sitting at a dis-
tance, not knowing Evans, and knowing
of the proposed bombardment only as a
rumor, the letter might have seemed a

bit of bluster.
But after A; few months chance put the
log book of/the New York, the hip,

in the way of the recipient of the letter,
and there he read Sampson's order for the
bombardment of Havana, giving the order
of the ships and designetion the istance
at which the firing should begin, precisely
as Evans had stated them in the letter.

But why go in to within 800 yards of the
new forts, which were much more heavily
grmet than the ships of Sampson's fleet?

onths after reading the log book the
recipient of the letter attended a dinner
given in honor of Admiral Sampson.

The Admiral made there one of the few
speeches of his life, and in it he told the
reason-—a reason characteristic of his
keen judgment and of his boldness—for
selecting 800 yards. He had found out that
@ short time before the Spaniards had
momentarily awakened from their usual
torpor and had practised from the new
pet! “ne at floating targets. They had

joa! ese targets t their gu
3.00 sesie & pas guns at

mpeon at once concluded that the

supposed that he would attack at that
distance and quickly determined to go in
at 800 yards, for, he explained, the Spaniards
having once fixed their sights for a target
— yards away would not be able to
ce nae them, but would fire over his ships
until he had dismounted their heavy pieces
pd Dig fire guns. So the chain waa
comple . for we had ol

Feason {or them. hoe

 

RANDOLPH WINS A BRIDE.

Weds the Daughter of Capt. Wilson of the
Hudson River Military Academy.

Nrack, Sept. 24.—-A sensation was caused
in Nyaok society to-day by the announce-
ment that Miss Margarette Wileon, the
attractive young daughter of Capt. Joel
Wilson, owner and manager of the Hud-
son River Military Academy, was married
Jast Friday to J. Harold Randolph, who
last year was instructor in English and
military tactios at the academy. Jt was
known to Mise Wilson's friends that she
had gone away for a few days, but the
fact that she had eloped with Mr. Randolph
and been married to him last Friday night
was not known here until to-day, The
couple were married in Plainfield, N. J.

Randolph and his bride became ac-
quainted two years ago when he was &
cadet at fhe academy. The friendship
ripened into love, but the young Man was
discouraged in his attention® bv the
parents of Miss Wilson. Following hie
pepetatiment as instructor he renewed
bis suit, and so emphatic was Capt.
Wilson in his refusal to give his consent
to a marriage that Randolph resigned
and went to Chicago, where he entered
the university there. A fortnight ago
Randolph returned and clandestinely met
Miss Wilson on several occasions, on one
of which it was arranged forMise Wilson to
drive to Plainfield, where Randolph's sister

,and be married at his sister's house.
The programme was successfully carried out
and the happy couple are now enjoying

a honeymoon.

The bride is at h music ian
and clever with the reins her six-in-
band, which she skilfully guides. She is
highly educated and has always been a
favorite in Nyack society. Her husband
is a graduate of Alfred University and
is a native of Alfred, N.Y. He is one
of the finest athletes that ever managed
the baseball and football teams of the

part

 

academy and always took an active
in athletic events in this village.

 

IN COURT ON A STRETCHER.

Justice Calls Appearance of Young Woman
“m Theatrical Dispiay.’’

The appearance of a pallid young woman
on a stretcher, borne by white coated hospi-
tal attendants, with a trained nurse at her
side, caused a stir in the Supreme Court at
Newark yesterday and led Chief Justice
Gummere to make this comment on the
incident:

“There doesn’t seem to be any need for
a theatrical display in this matter.”

The occupant of the stretcher was Miss
Julie A. Eddey of Newark, who was thrown
from a trolley car of the North Jersey street
railway company on May 25, 1905.

Samuel Kalisch, counsel for the plaintiff,
assured the court that Mias Eddey had been
im a private hospital ever since the accident,
and that it was necessary to produce her on
the stretcher, as she otherwise would be
unable to appear to prosecute her suit.

From ber reclining position on the
stretcher Miss Eddey gave her testimony.
She said she was a passenger on a Clinton
avenue car, and at her signal the car was
ee at Sixteenth street. Before she
had a chance to alight, she declared, the
conductor signalled for the car to start.
She was thrown violently to the ground
and sustained permanent injuries to her
back and sides.

Dr. L. Eugene Hollister gave testimony in
support of the plaintiff. The counsel for
the railroad company set up a defence of
contributory negligence and tried to show
that Miss Eddey was herself responsible for
the mishap by deliberately stepping from
a moving car.

The case was continued.

 

 

ALL SERENE, SAYS GOMPERS,

 

I Didn't Quarre! With Mitchell, Says He,
and Mitchell Concurs.

Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer-
can Federation of Labor, who, with John
Mitchell, president of the United Mine
Workers, was in this city yesterday, denied
last night that there was any trouble at the
meeting of the executive council of the
federation between him and Mitchell or
any of the other leaders over his political
programme.

“Tnere 1s absolutely no ground for these
statements,” he said. “The utmost har-
mony prevailed at the council meeting
and Mr. Mitchell and all the other leaders
were in full accord with me. There were
discussions, of course, and various ex-
pressions of opinion, but we were in accord
as to methods and programme.”

John Mitchell, w was present, said:
“I can say the same’thing. There is no
basis. for the statement that the council
was divided in policy or that I differed
with Mr. Gompers.”

 

INJUNCTION FOR COLER.

Borough President Restrained From inter-
fering With Subway Material.

Supreme Court Justice Dickey in Brook-
lyn issued an injunction yesterday restrain-
ing’ the borough officials from forcing the
removal of machinery and materia] kept
by the Rapid Transit Construction Com-
pany from streets approaching those

under which the subway construction is | T

in a. ;

resident of the Borough Bird 8S. Coler
had taken measures to in yesterday
morning to clean up Furman street and
some other streets near Fulton, where
there are timbers and tools used in the
construction of the tunnel. The subway
contractors contend that the Ragse Transit
Commission has full authority in the matter.
The injungtion order is returnable on
Thursday.

 

Rumor That A. J. Cassatt Is Seriously
ill Denied.

In reference to the reports circulated
in Wall Street yesterday that A. J. Cassatt
was very ill, the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company authorized the following atate-
ment:

“Mr. Cassatt is rapidly improving and
was out caving on Sunday. As a matter
of prudence, his physician advised that
be remain away from his office for a few
days. The sensational reports circulated
on this subject are entirely without founda-
tion in fact.”

 

St. Mary's Boys to Be Graduated.

The graduating exercises of the first
class of the school ship St. Mary's, which
returned two weeks ago from a cruise to
Lisbon, Cadiz, Gibraltar and Mederia, will
take place on board ship October 4. One
hundred boys, in three classes, were on
the trip, which was in charge of Com-
mander G. C. Hanns. The boat now lies
at Glen Cove but will be taken to her regular
anchorage at the foot of East Twenty-
fourth street on Friday.

 

 

Woman Thrown From Horse and Killed.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 24.--Mrs. Clara C.
Marsh was killed while riding a horse at
Oberlin, Ohio, this morning. The horse
reared and fell on her. Mrs. Marsh was
the companion of Miss Florence Story, a
sophomore in Oberlin Coren who was
thrown from her horse and killed yesater-
day.
Wild Geese Saved Potato
Redding San

 

drop.

correspondence Franciaco
Chronele.

George G. Tugnot, a rancher living near
Whitelake, put in a crop of potatoes last
spring and came near having all his trouble
for nothing, as earthworms attacked the
roota and nearly killed all the vines

Being unable to check the ravages of
the worms, Tugnot gave up the fight and
went off harvesting. Upon his retairn last
week he was surprised to find that his potato
crop was in a flourishing condition. All
over the ground were tracks of wild geese,
and Tugnot attributes the salvation of his
pesntoce to the destruction of the worms by

geese,

AE

— aE. SU
TALK ABOUT IMMIGRATION.

CIVIC FEDERATION CAN'T DE-
CIDE ON RESTRICTION.

 

 

Sub-Committees Will Leek Inte Affair and
Report on the Advisability of Limiting
Influx of Fereigners—Laber Objects te
Present System as inimical te Werkers.

The immigration department of the
National Civic Federation held a special
meeting yesterday in the Park Avenue
Hotel to consider the subject of the desir-
ability of the restriction of immigration
in view of the fact that there is a Senate
bill providing for restriction of immigra-
tion, The immigration department of the
federation after investigating the subject
thoroughly will make such recommenda-
tions as may be thought necessary to the
committee which will be in charge of the
bill.

Franklin MacVeagh, chairman of the
immigration department, presided and
about 100 business men, college professors,
labor leaders and others attended. Prescott
F. Hall, of the Nationa] Immigra-
tion ction League, read portions of
the bill and spoke in favor of restriction of
immigration.

Nathan Bijur of the United Hebrew
Charities said he could = good reason
for c the Government
as ae e said the country
bad prospered under the present conditions
and the prosperity had been shared by the

wetter ao of the delegates had spoken
some jelega
on restriction of imm ion, D. D. Allen
of entecky took the floor.
“[ do not believe,” he said, “that we have
to the point where we do not want any
urther immigration. Labor is at a i
mium in Kentucky, Alabama and_ other
Southern States. I believe the United
States could do with 1,000,000 desirable
pene a year.”
A labor delegate asked him to define what
a desirable immigrant was. He said he
meant every able ied man or woman of

ee character and intelligence, whether
session of $25 or not.
ohn Mitchell, president of the United

Mine Workers, took exception to the argu-
mente inet interfering with the present

order of thin
“In spite of what Mr. Bijur says,” he

said, “t must be ayy Aa prove
when 600,000 mine workers in t - of
unprecedented business pros are
permitted to work only 200 days in the
year in the collieries when they are willing
to work 300 days. How long will they be
allowed to work when there is industrial
depression? There should be some educa-
tional qualification and each ‘apmavens
should have enougb money to keep him unti
he finds as profitable work as he can. To
take the first work at hand is to take another
man’s job, a8 a rule.”

James O'Connell of the International
Association of Machinists said that the
conditions of labor were by the
number of inamgeante admitted. Un-
restricted immigration. be said. meant the
bringing down of wages. He talked of the
employment of child labor and women in
the factories and mines.

A woman Golgate took him up at thfs
point and asked him where women were
¢mployed in mines in this country. He took
that part of his atatement back and said
he had made a mistake. ;

In reply to a number of questions Mr.
Bijur said he had no positive opinions on
etbepte She cone immigration,”

“It is up to the opponen on,
he continued, “to show that there should

be any change in the present . In
my opinion has not hao In
spite of the delvelopment of machinery
and increasing immigration
gone on increasing and the con: of the
workers improving. Mr. Mitchell has not
eaid that the reason for the miners work-
in a0 Gags & the year was caused by im-
malgrat on.

other speaker said that most of the
workers were not immigrants veo,
and also some of the millionaires were

descended from immigrants who came
here with little or no money.

No resolutions were proposed, but after
the meeting various sub-committees met
in executive session and will make reporta
later. President pontaaee of the American
Federation of Labor did not take part in
the discussion. ¢ .

MAY SEND YAMS

 

NORTH.

 

Southern Sweet Potate Growers Think We
Might Like Them.

Something like 175 varieties of sweet
potatoes may “be produced in the South,
but for practical considerations there are
only half a dozen or less that are com-
mercially important.

These are divided by the Southern Field
into two distinct classes: First, the sorts
held in favor in the North, which must be
yellow, dry, mealy,, small tomedium in size,
and in the opinion of the Southern grower
the less good quality they possess the better
they are eppesenees. :

Second, the varieties desired by Southern
consumers, which may be yellow, red or
white, medium or large in size, but must
be moist, sugary and of rich flavor—quali-
ties directly opposite to those demanded
in Northern markets.

The old pumpkin or yellow yam, the
vineless yam and the Red Providence are
| considered ibe best for Souther trade.
hese are good, whether boiled or fried.

When baked they from the oven cov-
| ered with a browned, sugary coating which
| has resulted from the exudation of the over-

abundance of sugar with which the to

is loaded. They make pies and
which are superior to those made from
pumpkins or squashes.

People are governed by habit even in
eating, and the Northern consumer, heviag
firmly fixed in mind the ideal for the Iris
potato—that isa dry, mealy potato—ie dis-
posed to sacrifice quality to make the sweet
potato conform to this standard.

While this is true it is aleo a fact that
Northern visitors to the South, many of
whom have never had an opportunity to
buy in their home markets the varieties so
highly esteemed in the South, are quick
to apegoeate their merits when served on
the table at Southern hotels and in Southern

omes. ’

This has convinced many growers and
| handlers of sweet potatoes that some ade-
quate movement should be inaugurated to
= the public at large to the merits
|
!

—_————$ SS e*E susuteurennnamemeninnmatasenemsnen ee ————  —— ——  .200€@€C

 

and good value of the Southern type of
sweet potato.

 

UNCLE JOE AS A SCHOOLBOY,

 

| The Time That He Resolved te Ge te
Congress.
Piowficld correapondence Indtanapoha Newa,

“Joe Cannon and T used to sit side by side
in the old industrial school at Bloomingdale
back in the late ‘408. Joe's father, old Dr.
Cannon, was a broad brimmed hat and black
coated Quaker. Joe's mother wore the Quaker
dress and bonnet, and Joe knows how to talk
the ‘thee and thou’ language as well as I do,
but I guess he doesn’t use it much now.”

Exum Newlin, who for more than ten years
has been the bell ringer of the Western Yearly
Meetings, stood with bis bell in hand as he
recalled the old days. ,

"Why, I recollect,” he continued, “just es
well as though it was yesterday, that one day
Joe looked up from his books and said: ‘I'm
going to Congress,’ He wrote it on the black-
board and signed ‘Joe Cannon.’ It was
recess time, and when Barnabas Hobbs, our
teacher, called books again he took about
five minutes in commending Joe's high re-
solve and urging all of us boys and girls to
work to high standards. Well, Joe's been
there about thirty-five years. .

“Joe was a good scholar and a bright boy.
His father was a grand old type of the early
Quakers. He was a physician who went
where and when duty called. A call came
one night when Sugar Creek waa up, and he
threw his saddlebags over his horse and
started. The swollen Sugar Creek had to
be forded. . Well, sir, no one ever saw him
again. His body was never found. He was
one of the six founders of the Bloomingdale
achool,”

—<—$<$<$ $$$ $$$

2
. An intelligent plan—careful selecting and test-
ing of

    
   
   
   
     
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
    
 
   

What it means to make
the Best Cigars

To us it means the utilization
of our expert knowledge, wide
experience and up-to-date scien-
tific equipment for the public
benefit and for our profit—the
gratification of sure and legitimate
success, and a virtual franchise,
based on public preference, to fur.
nish the American nation with
cigars.

To you it means no more un-
certainty about what cigars you
will buy. Simply buy by the
mark “A”. ae

   
 

material—perfection in detail and accu-
rate adjustment of part to part—each step domi- |
nated and controlled by a consistent and persistent aim
at highest excellence—these are the things which make the

    
  
  
 

     
  
 
  

 
  
     
   
  

Automobile —

fulfill ise of the builders. If you will examine
. eny Stud car—gasoline or electric—if you will go
farther and put it to the severest test—you will at once be-
come convinced of its great superiority in those points which
are really easential to perfect nce, economy of main-
tenance and absolute reliability under all conditions. Our

Limousine Passengey Car—Model G
FourCylinder, 30-35
horse power is a remark-
able car. Light, almost
silent in operation, a
powerful hill climber
and very easy on tires.
A luxurious car, and
. in every way satisfac-
tory. Price $4850.
Catalogue

    
     
  

    
    
     
    

  

    
    
  
 

  
     
  
  
 

  
  
     

   

Cigar—Sc.
resents the policy of gi ing improved values at
fober cost, chose. our oe echentiae methods of
manufacture. The best quality that can be produced
and sold for _—— the average 3-for-25c. cigar.

You are safe in any brand bearing the “A”
(Triangle A) merit mark, including the following :

New Continental Bouquet

Now 4 for 25c.

Anna Held

3 for 25¢ value for Sc.

- Royal Bengals—Litle cigars

Box of 10—15c.
The “A” (Triangle A) merit

mark on the box is our guarantee.

    

Broadway and Tth Ave., at 48th Street,
NEW York.

 
         
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
       
 
   
   
      
    
         
      
  

 

. A Remarkable
Victory for

TRUFFAULT - HARTFORD

SHOCK ABSORBERS

Vanderbilt Elimination Trial

RELATIVE RESULTS

ist. LOCOMOBILE, using Troffault-Hartfords
2nd. THOMAS, “ oe oe

 

Merit 47% Mark

Sold by ; W. ho 3rd. HAYNES, ae ee e
All Give good 4th. POPE-TOLEDO, “ = another make
ome Values, Sth, CHRISTIE, “none

    

  

Racing cars compelled to use them
Equally indispensable for touring purposes

Iasures Honest Ciger Values +

a re
American Cigar Company

Manufacturer Applications made at Garage, 212 West 88th St., New York

HARTFORD SUSPENSION CO.,. *
E. V. HARTFORD, Pres. 67 VESTRY ST.

BLISS CARS

GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR. 40H. P. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

A DEMONSTRATION OF THE BLISS WILL PROVE
. ITS SUPERIORITY. WAS EVERY IMPROVE-
MENT KNOWN IN AUTOMOBILE CONSTRUCTION.

Bodies by A. T. Demarest & Co. and Healey & Co.

FRANK C. Autmeree  _& W. BLISS CO.
BEST IN AUTOS—DIRT CHEAP.

| aA ENR NOISES NRPS DISCARD SE PTO FER Ra
A YEAR'S FIRE LOSSES. ,
air” about size of concern, but we have siz
Stories full anywhere, DEMON

5 — of best Autos
World's Gold Output This Yabr Would Net STRATIONS CHEERFULLY ALLOWED purchas
|

 

 

 

 

arrived yesterday on Savoie, and Albert

Clement, who was tind in the é Prix

last June, with a Clement-Be. is expected

to arrive in this country witbin the next few
e is the onl

Foxhall Keen member

ran Dresent. iis
n
ot
‘or

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS.

FIVE OF THE FOREIGN DRIVERS
ARRIVE ON LA SAVOIE.

 

the German

m who is here t
has his Mercedes racer a 7 t Coder~
hurst. Robert Graves’s which
be driven by Janatzy, is at cola, and
¥.
en!

Jenatzy prrived yesterda:
the third Mercedes

the race by C. L. Charley of
starter on Beto

ris, be a

ber 6 is something of un-

drum. ‘Bince ite sale to iar. Vanderbilt there

has been much 6 lation as to whether or

not he would sell the racer, since he decided
not to drive it himself in the contest.

  

 

Lancia, Nazzare and Dr. Wellschott Will
Represent Italy im Vanderbilt Cup
Race-Duray Will Drive for France
and Jematzy for Germany —Race Gossip.

Tancia, Nazzaro and Dr. Aldo Weilscnott
will drive the three Fiat racers as members

>

on October 6. noia and Nazzaro drove
the 1905 Vanderbilt race, but this will be Dr.
Weilschott’s first appearance here as a driver.
In the 1905 race for the Vanderbilt ovr Lancia
made remarkabie time for eight rou and
was put out of the race by colliding with
Walter Christie when the big Italian wae oS
entire lap of 28.3 miles ahead of the
man. Lancia had stopped to have a punc-
tured tire replaced and the tire pre
allowed him to drive out into the m
of the road without looking to see if er =
the other cars were approac q ristie
was traveling very fast and d nie to
avoid striking Lancia’s car, and di woes
in clear it with his pont wheel, but his
rear wheel struck the Fiat racer a «
blow that robbed Lancia of a practically
certain victory. : 7

This year Lancia finished fifth in the Grand

Pri d won the Great Gold Cup touring car
teat of miles ia tale
neia has shaved

Affairs in connection with the Vanderbilt
cup race were rather quiet yesterday on the
Nassau county circuit. Five of the foreign
drivers, Lancia, Nazzaro and Dr. Weilschott
of the Italian team, Duray of the French
team and Jenatzy of the German team, ar-
rived on La Savoie. All of them except
Duray will be ready to begin practiceyon the
cirouit with their racing cars to-morrow,
which will be the first day that contestants
in the big race on October 6 will be allowed
to use their racers on the course. The Fiat
racers and the Mercedes which Jenatzy will
drive for Robert Graves’of New York have
been at their quarters near the course for
some days, but it is unlikely that Duray'’s
Lorraine-Dietrich can be gotten through the
Custom House so that he can use it to-morrow.
There were rumors at Garden City that some
mambers of the French team would protest
Ye Blon's Thomas racer on the alleged ground

    
  

 

 

Pay Our Losses by Flames.
7 1906 MARIONS, RAMBLERS, Orients, Ac (as
We have in the United States 11,500,- ond 45 horse), Viguect Cadillacs, Pope-Hartfords

000 buildings, valued at $1/,500,000,000,
or more than all the railroads in the country
put together, and of all these just one is
absolutely fireproof. That one was built
in Chicago by the great insurance com-
panies for a testing laboratory. There
are 4,000 nominally fireproof buildings.

te 1908 CADI LACS, Reos, Stoddard: Daytons
julcks, Studebaker, Clevelands, Locomobiles. Pop*
‘oledos, Packards, Peeriess, Autocars, etc
Prench -PANHARDS. DARRACQS, Viqueot
Rochet-Schneider, Mors Landaulet, other unusual
CRpSreeniiees. Over 200 Autos.
‘e never had such GOOD CARS at suck RIDIC-
ULOUSLY LOW PRICES.

TIRES CHEAPER THAN EVER.

contest of more than 2,
which lasted nine days. Ta

‘ HARTFORDS, MORGAN & WRIGHT and ajmost
that it had not been constructed entirely in | Of bis: black mustache and looks like | Yet the one actually fireproof building, | qi ‘max d te A
It te assorted that the magneto | £2 opera singer than he did last year. When | according to Collier's, cost only 12 per cent. | how and as high as 60m CY A OF 808

this country.
and the combination gasolene tank and seate
were made in France, in spite of the rule that
every part of a competing car must be manu-
factured in the country it represents. Chair-
man Thompson of the A. A. A. racing board
said he had received no such protest. Elliott
F. Shepard, who will drive a Hotchkiss racer
as a member of the French team, declared
he knew nothing about the pro&pect of any

he was told yesterday that re were many
turns in the course selected thie year's
race he said that would make no erence,
as he could take them fast as any one.
He said the race would
Gold Cup contest, because it is so muc

shorter and the drivers will not be worn out
before it is finished. He a better car
than he had last year, but does not expect
to be able to use all power except on a

few stretches. He said there w:
your. as last
the road
n

LAMPS

< .
S, $10; SEARCHLIGHTS, glass lenses, $3.75
$1-$2; Bod Horns. Meg

Seton Tepe’ sate or
7 . worth at FRACTION of value.
BROADWAY AUTOMOBILE EXCHANGE,

more than a building that would shrivel
up at the first breath of an advancing fire.
In 1905, which was a normal year, we
spent $500,000,000 for new build and
burned old ones to the value of §200,000,000.
We paid $30,000,000 for fighting fire and
$195,000,000 in fire insurance preene, of
which we got back $95,000,000 from the com-
ies in payment for losses. Hence it
cost us more to burn part of our old build-

les,

—247-20 West dith. (Telephone 8007 Bryant.) _
AUTOS NEVER CHEAPER!
B. SAIN = - :
Big MELREON kee oan Gano 8 0
Franklins, Bulcks, Nationals, Ramblers, Wayne
Wintons, Elmores, Queens, Panhards, Knox. aie

be better police arrangements Toledos, Pope-Hartfards, Northerns, Locomob|

protest beitg madé against the Thomas | year the crowds were so close ings and protect the rest from burning | Oldsmobiles, Acmes. Autocars, Cadillacs, Model»
machine. There was considerable comment | that it is a wonder many. pei than it did to put up all our new ones. and wiaus and “i.” Moryea etc. ete. ALL TON

that was in a normal year.

This year is not normal. This year San
Francisco has raised the fire losses of the
United States to $500,000,000, even if we

ot
killed. There were many times fe could have
made better time if he had not afraid of
hurting spectators. He said he liked Ameri-
cans and was giad to be here in. Nazzaro
is not so dash ng a driver as Lancia, but has
had better luck the two years. Last

yesterday among those who had seen the
crowds along the course on Saturday regard-
ing the inefficiency of the fagmen and deputy
sheriffs who were supposed to keep the spec-

No Reasonable Cash Off 4.
Three Boorse ‘ourmed Pill. Inepeetiom invited
Y} NSTRATIONS.
LOTS OF RUNABOUTS, $150 UP.

 

 

 

i i i a  T

 

 

 

ie of head emo oat | BS dole ae ep | eset tiga wom sore oemes | E. J. WILLIS CO. 231 W. S43
aber rasier in ou .
Pa If we should burn up the whole of our

The Italian team was the first foreign one aaa Foye es oe Oe oe thind | bonanza wheat crop we should think the VAN DERBILT CUP RACE,
to be entered for the Vanderbilt cup race this | when the second day of the Grand Prix was | country had suffered a calamity, yet it ie | ,Qom' freeze yourself this year. Buy a warm La;
year and the first one to arrive on the course. | started, and his euce efforts to wrest | doubtful whether that whole c would | Robes, S1250 un. ta ec! Sale this week. Fu
Fabry and Cagno, the Itals drivers, have | second place from Albert Clement . ay for the property we actually have $10.50 up; 6190.00 desssen Conte Tuo Graves =
been here for some time, and the Fiat trio, ooo canes qpotoment me eaehe 7 LS Burned and are burning this year Our | Gogeles, Tires, Lamps, cut pricks vhs
Nagzaro, Lancia and Dr. Aldo Weilschott, | Wealthy Italian amateur who ‘or sport's | entire ’s gold supply would not pay | hear Genersi'P. 0, bs Jp Willis Be ptt rat
arrived yesterday. All ve members of the | sake only. The trio , of drivers ow u probably -~ a ’ _ of aa The =e gold p duc Automobiles Wanted. -
team are quarte at Garden City, the Fiat | go over the course to-day ring cars 80 jon of the world would not come anywhere Ww Ww
camp being pitcbed at Porriers, while the | $8 to Pooompe goquaintel ws ait. as they will | near paying for it all. HI a paid ~ good anted.
Itala men are located across the street from | P.,*"ecie racing tachiooe  MOFrOW | _ The $60,000,000 worth of buildings which J. WILLIS €O., 22) West Bath ost
their compatriots. Each driver has come fe ’ a we Pe '$880.0000 re vente ______ Telephone, 5131 Columbus :
prepared for almost any emergency by send- b were t atom abil i ° Lach Dai
ing duplicate racing machines here ahead of Dancing at German Court, -— one ee awe oe $50,0)0,000 A es Wanted; Spot Cash Paid.
them in charge of forces of factory mechanics From Tit-Bits. pay in normal years for iw and ‘ato 247 0 West arth AuGTelephone. Soe? “Brean
= the oo a a Shepard and The German Emperor insists upon good | tection. In er words, we should have a _ ——
Sean ond a ieee a a’ and | dancing at court, and thé arranging of an | the equivalent of another wheat or cotton | TEA ON WHE

— - _ n elimination trials ) evening party is one of his favorite pastimes. | crop added every year to the national 3 EFLS.

on Saturday. Mr. pard shipped two | He is most anxious that the court balls shall | wealth. Have Your & o'Clock Beverage Run t»
Hotchkias racers on & boat that arrived here, | he distinguished for their elegance, and ona W .
Stet diited teeth a oe tens | ee = oe ee ae shall be care- Greatest of American Big Game. Now that-the A oe
the Geand Prix of the Automobile Club of | “Rach aan ineneiege ‘he chooses, either Ernest Thompeon Seton in Scribner's Magazine. come devotees of the vy Rese yt — n
France on Juné 26 last, and the other machine | from hie bodyguard or from the First Reet. | oct) mle is the bulkiest living land | much j i ee
which has been painted since then, is the one | ment of Cavairy of the Guard, two brilliant cate! neve So Derm Amevics, & fal cooem ry 0 Lod Beer ees
which Le Blon drove in the Grand Prix cavaliers, who are exoused from all ii Ee or “ee about 5 feet 8 or 10 conve Tout ts h — aun oe

Mr. Heath has also brought two Panhard | duties. These officers must dance to partec- 1, ocende” ts oc J wr — about the man a ©
racers, which will be taken to his quarters at tion, a, t a uniforms wit! ction, for @ with: have con recorded, and Mr It may be loaded with the good thin
Mineola to-day. Wagner, who will drive the | $04 leads cotillon with method and dash: | Hornaday telle me that he weighed a living | in the pantry and in safety be wheel |
Darraca, is expected to arrive at the course | blood royal they and their part 4 os “il” A ay 4 stands abou the place of serving, be it in the |i ving
on Thursday morning, when his racer will | bring the function to a close with a de the shoulders, and accordin ee feet 8 at | the piazza or the rustic garden hore
probably be waiting for him,as it arrived | obeisance before ‘heir Majesties. upon ew w about 1,200 pounds, 4, each pee These tea wagéns vary in price 1
last week and should be through the Custom | succese in 2 cusemns spe t A gs ; aye Meoman te to aera . olowa upward and may be pur: hased in hs
Brisa BEI wie Lae Diath See er aeecmmreeh saat Wk ialad | POAT hart Sten crve hat bps GS'Rgh pd wagon taakes splousng Io Vur c

a ig no 6 e. ; Boel ts heavy a0 eon. a pa yh, 4 pleasing bit of color on
‘
i 6-4
w~ * e . ; av z mF r rT . t . . a of ad x .

    
  

   
   
 

   

 

—ntlindll,

ee i eee ee ae ee

 

-

ee ee i

 

i ee i ee i ee

;

 

 

— —— =. . = = 7

?

 

 
   
  

“ee a

mate Ame hn oe ee eee

—
_2m of 3 te

~

fees igent.aese #5 meea =a «&

 

seems 2&8. 6 =

o*nres SS Swe ew we & odie

wae

ocs-

aS mt » *@ eo ews 2b ws Bie

‘362 @ersrevs