uae

‘

VOL. LXXIL—NO. 162

spOTTED WHEN THEY SPAT

IN OPERA HOUSE LOBBY, THE
se ay ay IND THE STREET.
Arrest¢ All Over Town by a Watchfal

squad of Health) Board Cops Means
Business. Says) Dr. Darlington

rawyer John Delahunty One of Victims.

The Health Department has begun a cru-

eacit +A street spitters, and many

non werearpres’ ed lastnightin this borough,

~t night and told to go after

iteaith Commlssicner Darlington
em on, and he says he Is
‘ter offendera until they wake
‘tat he means business. He
last night that
vere made in the lobby of the
ty n Opera House,
Heretofore the spitter has been pursued
th elevated und surface, and

rO-

ch business

irrested on the street
ive been caught on the street
ive first Leen warmed and
when they failed to obey the
given to those ar-
eestor) (aat night, and Dr. Darlington says
* given in future. From
friend in Brooklyn Jast night
ton made this statement
warned tima and
the streets,

\ warnings were

the
tha home of a
Dr Darling

fhe public has been

expectoration on

re . and ferryboata and in all public
places mmuat atop Notices to this effect,
withthe penalty attached, are in all street
¢ the spittare continue to spit, never-
theless fhe average man who is in the
hit of expectorating every few minutes
see ns » these notices asa joke. When
he is arrested he always pleads that he
didn't know he was violating the law. Chat
hould not be taken as an excuse here-

Every day complaints of this evil arrive
Health Department, and two days
policemen of

at the
azo | issued orders to the
the Sanitary Squad to go after the spitter=
They took no concerted action until Jast
night. because of other work they had to
When it becomes known that
~men are apt to be turned loose
night I think the
evil will abate to a great extent

‘The complaints recently made say that

do
five
tha «xt

ery

reetS ey

ting is done more in the subway stations
and elevated platforms than elsewhere
Many complaints have come in about the
spitters around lobbies of theatres,
partioularly between the acta.”

Dr Darlington sad he couldn't remember

apt

the

'
twenty-

| Fourteenth

a

or

 

=

Bigbth street station at about the same
t.me as was Leo Hirschkowitz, a butcher,
of 18 West 131st street, who was caught at
the subway station at Sixty-sixth street

In Harlem Health Board policemen am-

++NEW

TT

bushed spitters in subway and elevated |

stations forthe most part. Those arrested

| were very angry, and said 80 twice, once

tary Squad policemen were |

Per- |

to the cop who arrested them and again to
the desk sergeant at the police station.
William C. Nelson of 620 West 142d street,
who said he was an artist on the World,
Was arrested on (he 125th street and Third
avenue elevated station, Othersarrested
for spitting were Benjamin Schmersky of
10 East 130th street, Isaao Strauss, a real
estate dealer, of 229 West 120th street, and
Philip Rivett of 127 East 122d street.

Walter Schneelock of 181 Prospect place, |

Brooklyn, was caught on the
of the elevated station at 125th street and
Fighth avenue. At the West 125th street
police station, Schneelock sald to the desk

sergeant:

“Well, this settles Harlem's hash for
me. Never again will | put my feet north
of 110th street.”

Later on, Schneelock furnished $100 bail
and was released.

Richard Bauer of 42 Broadhurst avenue,
waiting for an elevated train at 145th street
and Eighth avenue, was arrested by Police-
man Smith. He told the policeman he

platform |

 

YORK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9,

RAN 700 FEET ON THE TIES.
THE. N. Ys CENTRAL'S
WESTERN LIMITED DERAILED.
Allihough Going ae Speed of 60 Miles an
Hour, Not a Coach of the Long Line

Tipped Over—Engine Never Left the
Track-—No Passenger Seriously Hurt.

 

Uriea. Feb. 8. —Train No. 11, the South-
western Limited, on the New York Central
Railroad was derailed at St. Johnsville,
thirty miles east of this city, at 6:10 o'clock
to-night. The breaking of a coach axle
was responsible for the accident.
the exception of the locomotive the entire

| train left the rails and travelled over the

|

ties for a distance of nearly 700 feet. No

SOUTH- |

 

FERRY PASSENGERS IN PANIC.

 

Fire In Men's Cabin Causes Wild Rush For-
ward-—-Polloe Subdne Passengers.

A slight fire in the rear of the men’s

cabin of the ferryboat Fulton as she was

| entering her slipat the foot of Fulton street,

Brooklyn, during the rush hour last night

| Caused a panic among the passengers.

With |

| one was killed and no one seriously in- |

was willing enough to go along with him, |

that a fool law,” sald he
Dunn, a ticket speculator,

but, “Ain't
Edward

of

| 200 West Forty-second street, was arrested

any specific complaint that had been sent |

source it waa learned that the large majority
of complaining letter writers were women
The kicks for the most part hadto do with
the Broadway spitters and those in the
theatre lobby. One woman wrote:

‘It's a shame and an outrage the way
my new white gown has been ruined by
tobacco stains, and I have only worn it

once.”
Among t's spitters gathered in last night

the Health Department, but from another |

as John Delahunty, the lawyer, who is ,

Hichard Canfivld's personal oounsel. Mr.
Delahunty lives at 117 Weet Twelfth street.
He paid $7 for a ticket for the opera last
night and went to the Metropolitan, With
silk hat and dress clothes he stood puffing
a cigar in the lobby, waiting for the per-
formance to begin.

Policeman Henry Ruppert's gaze lighted |

on the lawyer, and he says he saw him spit.
Mr. Delahunty says it was @ piece of his
cigar that landed on the marble floor.

in front of the Metropolitan Opera House,
and later on the same officer of the Health
Board arrested Charles Green of
#17 Manhattan avenue, Brooklyn,
Jacob Beerbower of 142 West Fortieth
street at Broadway and Fortieth street,
also for spitting on the sidewalk,

Among three spitters arrested at the
station of the subway
wis Francis FEF. Smith of Boston. The
others arrested there were Frederick Iegen-
berg of 158 West Twentieth etreet and
Martin Edelstein of 15 East 100th etreet.

Magnus Wengberg of 758 Elton avenue,

squad

street

and |

The Bronx, was meditatively spitting on |

the elevated station platform at ‘Twenty-
third street when a Health Board police-
man gathered him in. John J. Tiernan
of 108 East
Twenty-third street station of the subway,
All were taken to the East Twenty-second
street police station.

 

BIG EXPLOSION UNDERGROUND,

 

10,000 Poundt of Dynamite Play Havoc tn
the Osceola Mine-—S Known Dead.

Catumet, Mich., Feb. 8.—An expiosion of
10,000 pounds of dynainite at the eighth
level of Shaft No. 3 of the North Kearsarge
branohjof the Osceola Consolidated
this afternoon is known to have
three and severely injured seven.
may be dead.

The dynamite was kept in a magazine
underground in charge of William Pollitt,
Jr, who was one of the killed. The force
of the explosion waa felt three miles. Men
working far from the scene of the explo-
sion were thrown down and = aeriously
bruised.

As soon as the accident was reported at
the surface, a rescuing party waa sent down

ki led
Others

122d street was arrested at the |

Mine

No. 1 shaft, a mile away, and many were |

brought to the surface unconscious. Six
members of the reilef party were overcome

by the gas and amoke, but were revived on |

being taken to the surface

There ia no trace of Pollitt, and it ia be-
lieved that he waa blown to atoms.

The mine is so badly damaged that it
will be out of commission for fully a month

| The ehaft and rock houses on the surface

Inthe Tenderloin station the lawyer told |

who he was and repeated that he did not

spit on the floor

“I charge him with spitting,” said the cop,

and that Was the charge.

Mr. Delahunty wasn't locked up. Jacob
Meyers, a theatrical agent, of 101 West
Fifty-second street, was just being bailed

out for the
gerald, a saloonkeeper.
ail for ‘he lawyer at the

same offence by
Fitzgerald went

James Fitz- |

solicitation of a |

busy man who happened to be in the police |

station and who liked the out of Mr. Dela- | spiracy to rob the department

hunty’s clothes

There was another arrest in the corridor
of the opera house. This prisoner said
he was W. 1. Dennis of Bound Brook, N. J.
He was standing in the lobby waiting for
the performance to begin, and with him was
4 man friend. When Dennis was arrested
he protested and said he was from our of
townand could not be expected to be familiar
with this city's blankety-blank sanitary
avs. His friend, who waa not arrested,
vehement. Both
station. There Dennis's friend
‘pied a crowd of reporters and policemen
ttanding in 9 corner using the floor for a
cusWdor

“Why don't you arrest those fellows?”
fald he, but no one gave him an answer.

Dennis was locked up and his friend
wer thustling for a bondsman, He hadn't
‘ound one up to 10 o'clock.

other prisoners looked up in the

 

Was just as

Ter w?rioin

The
Tenderloin station were Max Glattstein of

1396 Avenue A, who was caught in the subway |

station at Fourth avenue and Fourteenth
Street; John H. Mason of 22 East 102d street,
*ho spat on the street in front of Weber's
Murio Hall, and John Moses of 32 West
Thtty-first street, who was arrested in
front of Daly's. For the release of each
prisoner $i bail was demanded.

a 1tg6 Peters, a butler, of 60 East Fifty-
third street, was arrested on the platform

of the Third avenue elevated at Forty-
feoond atreet

   

on the New York Central living in Utica,
N. Y., was taken in at the elevated station
“ie nt of the Grand Centra] station. Charles
> aber « f 27 Manhattan street and William

‘Tus of 123 West Sixty-third street wero
arrested at the same place. All of these
he socked up in the East Fifty-first street
rere y Williams of $20 Fleet street, Brook-

fory, ‘ .
‘orm of the Ninth avenue elevated at Fifty-
ninth gtraet

Will

 
 
 
 
   

 

Davis, m negro, of 152 West
‘venth street, was caught vio-
ordinance on a southbound Sixth
46 train after it left “the Thirty-firet

Station. When Policeman Clancy

to!
ra atm he was under arrest Davis asked
buffer?*
"Ys w
cop,
ou :
Whar is Ah gwine tah spit? On you?"
queriad the negro.

Davis was locked up in the West Sixty-
een

lating ¢
aven

  

Ptreet

ire spittin’ on the flure,” said the

DE *

EWEY'S PORT WINE & GRAPE JUICE
RT neenet be excelled for the sick

Ady **Y & Sons Co., 138 Fulton st., New York.

 

At An cttepelltan Opera House Ballet
; Oise juernde Ball, Madison Square Garden,
vs COMUAry Wo Ade ‘

/ WAS arrested on the downtown plat- |

are badly damaged

It ia believed there are four or five men
still underground and if they have sur-
vived the ordeal of gases and amoke their
escape will be impossible, as the Osceola

| company is sealing the shafta to prevent

the spread of the fire.

 

JORDAN MARSH CO. ROBBED.

Big Boston Store Sald to Have Lost Over
8150,000 Through a Conspiracy.
Boston, Feb. §.—Details of what appears
to have been a bold and successful con-
store of

| the Jordan Marsh Company of thousands

| between

of dollars are slowly coming out. The
plot involves men employed by the concern
and people outside, some prominent in
business. According to a report which
seems to be authentic the firm has lost
$150,000 and $200,000 since the

| Jatter part of September.

went to the |

 

So far only one man has been arrested

On Monday Dennis H. Carroll, 31 years
old, a resident of Dorchester and con-
nected by marriage with a prominent

Democratic politician here, was arrested
on a warrant charging bim with the larceny

| of $4,610 from the Jordan Marsh Company

6 and Jan. 19. He was ar-
and held fora further

between Oct
raigned in court

hearing. To-day Carroll was again arrested, |

this time on a warrant charging him with
stealing $13,000 on Jan. 19 last.

The police are looking for a number of
others in the conspiracy who have left
town. Two men employed by the firm
have disappeared, and it is said here that the
firm has offered $1,000 reward for the ap-

prehension of one of therm who appears to |

have been the ringleader in the scheme.
The money was secured, it is charged,
by means of fake invoices, and in order
to have the plan work successfully it was
necessary to have people employed in
various departmenta in the deal. When
the spurious invoices finally reached the

| cashier's department, as they had been

William Hess, a brakeman | properly O. K'd by people through whos

hands they passed, checks were sent out
to the fictitious concerns and were cashed
by certain of the conspirators, who later
divided the money.

 

BISHOP M'LAREN DYING HERE,

An Of4 Hieart Affection Stirred Up by
Attack of Bronchitis.

Bishop W. E. McLaren of the diocese

jured, although all the passengers received
a bad shaking up and a dozen or more suf-
fered slight bruises

The Southwestern Limited {s one of the
heavioat trains running west over the New

| rushed to the bridge.

York Central and its echeduled speed is |

close to fifty miles an hour. It left Albany

on time, at 4:20 o'clock this afternoon, and |
at 6 o'clock was rushing through the village |

of St. Jobneville at a sixty mile an hour
clip when the axle on the forward truck
of the café oar, the second from the loco-
motive, snapped at the journal box and in an

instant the entire train was bounding over |

the ties. The couplings and air hose re-
mained unbroken, and after traversing
about 700 feet the train was brought to a
standstill. Not a coach of the long line of

Pullmans or day coaches tipped over and |
| the locomotive was not derailed.

With recollections of Saturday morning's
disaster at Whitesboro still fresh in their

The occupants of the men's cabin who
saw tho fire, rushed to the bow of the boat,
which had great difficulty in getting into
her slip owing to the joe that was packed
between the ferry racks. Many excited
men attempted to jump to the landing
bridge as the boat bucked in against the
ice pack.

Roundstran Jamea Thompson and Dean
and McDonough were on duty at the ferry
entrance, and seeing the frantic men they
All three cops called
out to panicstricken passengers to
stand still until the boat was safely moored,
but this didn’t have much effect.

McDonough finally climbed out on the
loy rock and dropped to the deck of the
boat 18 she made another attempt to break
the ice. Flourishing his club, he threatened
to knock down the first man that attempted
to jump.

the

In this way Thompson managed to drive

the frightened passengera back in the
wagon runway and this served to raise
the boat's bow so that the next attempt
to make a landing was sucoessful.
When the boat was fastened and

| gates opened there was a great rush, but

minds, the two hundred or more passen- |

gera aboard the Limited became panic-
stricken and rushed from the train as soon
as ita wild course had been checked. Grips
and wraps were abandoned by the passen-

gers, who had a mind only to their personal |

safety.
The first duty of the trainmen after
looking out for the welfare of the excited

seriousness of the accident and take pre-
cautions against any possible additional
disaster from oncoming trains. Flag-
men were deapatched eastward and west-

ward and surgeons in St. Johnsville were |

summoned to the scene, aa it waa feared

st first that there bad been loss of life and |

serious injury to many

Investigation revealed the fact that no |

one was seriously hurt, though many of
the women passengers became hysterical
when brought to a full realization of their
narrow escape. Practically the entire train
in its flight over the ties deviated less than
four feet from the rails on which it had been
speeding. Ita terrific momentum alone
saved it from being thrown into the ditch,
according to railroad men who were early
on the scene. Had such a thing occurred,
the losa of life would bave been appalling.
Track No, 2 was torn up for a «listance
of 000 feet, and a section of track No. i, the

eastbound, was smashed and twisted out ,

of shape for a distance of 100 feet by the
rear truck of the rear day coach of the
train swerving around a moment before
it was brought to 4 stop.

The greatest havoc was wrought in the

café car, the breaking of the forward axle |

derailment, A
were partaking

of which caused the
number of passengers
of dinner at the time, and
left the rails these passengers were bounced
around like rubber balls, while dishes and
food went sailing through the air. One
passenger in describing his experience
said that he was seated at the table when
the car was derailed. The next
he said he was under the table, then on
top of the table, and in another
found himself suspended in the air with
one foot dangling throngha broken window.

The passsengera on the wrecked train
were tranaferred to another westbound

train an hour after the accident and con-
tinued on their journey westward. Wreck-
ing crews were summoned from this city
and Albany and the work of placing the train
back on the track was begun at 10 o'tlock
to-night. Traffic waa not seriously impeded
by the accident.

ANOTHER TWOGUNHOLD-UPTALE

Four of a West Side Gang Arrested, Includ-
ing Kid Curtis, the Hero,

Henry Ziquers, who rune a little two-

when the car)

moment |

second |

passengers was to take account of the | 000, according

| known Pittsburg sporting man, who was

no one waa seriously injured.
The fire was quickly extinguished by the
orew.

 

PITTSBURG PHIL LEFT $1,500,000.

Friend Nays He Saved Money, Including a
Big lock of Manhattan Flevated,
Pitrssvra, Feb. 8.—The late “Pittsburg
Phil” left a fortune of not leas than $1,500,-
to Jobn Staley, the well

 

the lifelong friend of the plunger. Mr.
Staley said to-day:

“Phil was a far more wealthy man than
many people supposed. For years past
he had thought he was not long for this
world and he began putting his money
where it would do his folks some good.
For instance, up in the vicinity of Seventy-
second street, New York, he has a piece of
property which alone js worth more money
than some people gave Phil crecit for hav-
ing altogether, and then he left a small
fortune laid up in Manhattan Elevated.

“The Elevated stock he bought some
years ago and | was with him when he did
it. He put down a cold $600,000 for it at
140, That same stock sold to-day for
something near 174. Me did not buy it aa
a speculation, but as something to hold,
and he had it when bedied. Phil was worth
every cent of $1,500,000, and it fa too bad
that he died without a will, as I now know
he died.”

BLUEBEARD, TRIUMPHAL,
Regins His Progress Back to Chicago
Women Crowd to See Him.

Johann Hoch, described as Chicago's
Bluebeard and the husband of some forty
wives, startedfor Chicago yesterday. Hoch
was taken before Assistant District Attor-
ney Perkins by Detective Sergeants Foye
and Fogarty and Detective Loftus of Chi-
cago and waived extradition. The deteo-
tives hustled him over to the Lackawanna
railroad station in Hoboken that he
wouldn't miss the 1:45 train,

Hoch enjoys the notoriety he is getting
A crowd of 500 persons fought to get a look
athim, “Ain't Ia dandy?” he said. “I'm
famous, vhat?”

sO

 

ARMY POST ROBBED OF $5,000.

SUPPLIES STOLEN WHOLESALE
AT FORT HAMILTON.

Many Saloons in Neighborhood Raided
and a Large Part of the Loot Recoy-
tred—Soldiers Exchanged the Booty for
Drinks-—-Mueh Want ed Private Vanishes,

 

As a result of investigation of the Quar-
termaster’a Department and the taking
of stock in the storehouse in the United
States reservation at Fort Hamilton, Col.
Greenough, the commandant of the post,
sent a provost guard yesterday to several
of the saloons in the vicinity and raided
them in the name of Uncle Sam, in search
of uniforms, blankets and other property
that had been pledged for drinks by the
soldiers, who have stolen at least $5,000
worth of Government property. It was
reported last night that more than $2,000
worth of the property had been recovered.

The officer who had beon in charge of
the Quartermaster’s Uepartment for sev-
eral montha was recently ordered to the
Philippines and Ijeut. Mitchell of the 123d
Coast Artillery was placed in charge. An
inventory of the goods in the storehouse
was made. Wholesale thefts were then dis-
covered,

An investigation showed that the men
had got into the storehouse through a
rear entrance to the upper floor, They cut

! a hole in the floor, through which one of

the |

the men was lowered to the storeroom.
The booty was holsted to the floor above
with a rope.

The raids aro to be extended to Man-
hattan, where, it was said by an officer at

| the reservation, a large quantity of the

| stolen property had been taken.

The
raids on the hotels and saloons in the vicinity

| of the reservation yesterday were carried

on by @ sergeant In command of a squad

| of men consisting of a corpora! and four

| that he had anything belonging to

privates. When a hotel keeper denied

the

1905.—Copurignt, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

|
VAIN HUNT FOR THE NEWPORT.

 

Government, the sergeant ordered his men |

to search the place. In one place, not more
than a hundred yards from the rear of the
reservation, a wagonload of shoes, over-
coats, blankets, fur capa, gloves and other
property was found. The stuff taken from
this place alone is said to be valued at $150.
Two saloons ii: Bath Beach yielded a
large ammount uf spoils and Polioa Captain
Bedell and his detectives have been asked
to investigate with a view to bringing the
proprietors into court on a charge of re-
ceiving stolen property. In one of the
saloons raided it ia said that the soldiers

| found @ score of blankets piled up on the

proprietor’s bed, while a large quantity of
uniforms and other equipments was found

| cased up and ready for shipment to a Man-

hattan dealer in seoond hand clothing.
It wag through the information obtained in
this raid that the officers at the reservation
hope to make their raids in Manhattan and
recover a large amount of the property not
yet accounted for.

One enlisted man has disappoared since the
thefts were discovered. He is sought by
the officials, it being understood that he is

| in a position to tell where the goods that

“I'm a first clase, high toned gentleman,” |

he told the detectives, “anc Tain'tno loafer.
Hoch had to dodge to get away from a

| line of cameras, but when finally oomered

be threw up his hands and yelled
“Don't shoot, I surrender.”
About fifty women were so anxious to

| see the attractive man that they crowded

and-a-half-cent poolroom in the basement of |
174 Eighth avenue, was doing a thriving |

business late yesterday afternoon when
the little room, already crowded, was filled
to overflowing by the arrival of half a score
more young men. /iquers didn’t want
the newcomers, Who were a gang of young
toughs, well known on the lower West
Side.

“You fellows will have to get out,” he
shouted, “there are enough in here now.”

The gang was Jed by “Kid Curtis,” who
says that his right name is Dave Kennedy.
He has done timein Elmira. According to
Ziquers the Kid drew a couple of re-
volvers and flourished them. Then he
advanced further in the room

“Hands up!" he cried “and be
about it, too!”

Everybody in the place was quick about
it. Then Oliver Magnum, a dwarf who
acts as Ziquers’s helper, was compelled to
explain to some of the gang how to open
the money drawer. The young toughs
cleaned itout, gettingaway with about $10.

The gang backed out while the Kid pro-
tected their retreat with his revolvers.
Then he tay the others. A week ago
on Saturday night the same gang, Ziquers
believes, paid a visit to his place. On that
occasion they started a fire on the floor
with a bundle of paper, and in the excite-
ment rifled hia cash drawer, getting #.

Ziquers went to the West Twentieth
street station last night and told his story

quick

| to the police, and Detectives Riley, Glennon
| and Adame went out to see what they could

| do

They ran across the gang at Seventh
avenue and Nineteenth street, and after a

| chase of two blocks managed to arrest

of Chicago is very ill in this city, and it is

not expected that’ he will recover. He

is at a boarding house at 91 Madison avenue, |

and his wife and three daughters are with
him.

The Bishop came to this city more |

than six weeks ago and was taken ill with |

bronchitis. This malady stirred up the
angina pectoris from which he had suf-
fered occasionally for several years, Bishop
McLaren is 73 years old and he has been
rowing weaker every day. Dr. William
‘atzenbach is attending him

Bishop McLaren had to give up the active
supervision of his diocese two years ago
A Coadjutor Bishop has been officiating
during his absence.

———————
THE TIME TO GO TO WASHINGTON

via Pennsylvania Railroad tour leaving New York
Round trip rate and all

Tuesday, February 21 ;
necessary expenses for three days, $12.00 and
$14.8, according to hotel selected. Consult ¢

Studds, BE. P. A., No. 268 6th Ave., New York.—Adr

Niagara Falls only nine hours from New York
vila tue Now York Contral—Ady.

 

 

‘

|
|

four, the Kid included.

; dictment

against the car he was in and a few of them
tried to get their faces up against the win-
dow pane. Hoch lifted the window.
“Rubbernecks, ach! Rubbemeocks,*®
shouted. The women
when he stuck bis head out of the window
they got a better look at him. A young
woman “special commissioner® from a
Chicago paper acoompanied him back.
Cuicaoo, Feb. 6.—Hoch will be held
pending the Coroner's inauest on the death
ot Mre. Bertha Wolker-Hoch, in whose
stomach arsenic has
said that the police will seek Hoch's in-
op the charge of murder im-
mediately upon the convening of the next
Grand Jury

MRS, FISKE

A PLAYWRIGHT.

 

 

 

Says She Helped to Balld ‘Leah Kleschna”
and Has Letters to Prove It.

Minnie Maddern Fiske helped to write
“Leah Kleschna,.” the play in which she
is now appearing al the Manhattan Theatre,
according to an announcement made at
the theatre last night, and C. M. S. McLel-
lan, whom the programme credits with
being the sole author, has no business to

| dispose of the English rights of the play to

Charies Frohman or any one else. Mr.
Frohman made it known on Tuesday that
he had secured the English righte of the
slay from Mr. Mclallan and that Charies

Vyndham would produce it at his theatre
in London an April 25.

The announcement is far from pleas-
ing to Mrs. Fiske or her manager-husband,
whose intention it has been to have Mra.
Fiske play “Leah Kleschna” in London.
The play has been an immense success
here, and there isn't any reason to believe
that it wouldn't do_as well in England.
Consequently, Mrs. Fiske is angry. This
statement was issued last night with her

} consent

Curtis had one pistol when he was ar- |

rested.

FAREWEFL TO T.

 

W. HYNES.

 

Dined by His Friends itn the St. Vincent
de Paul Society of Brooklyn.

A farewell dinner was given to Thomas
W. Hynes by 175 of his friends in the Bt.
Vincent de Paul Society at the Assembly,
Brooklyn, last night Mr. Hynes has been
president of the Particular Council of the
Brooklyn Society of St Vincent de Paul for
thirty-two years. He sails next Monday
to take up his duties as auditor of Porto
Rico, to which office President Roosevelt
recently sponte’ him.

James J. Greene acted aa_toastmaster.
Arnong the speakers were Vicar-General
P. J. McNamara, Alfred J. he 4 the Rev.
Dr. W. J. White and the Rev. E. W. McCarty.

 

|
|
|

“The English rights to “Leah Kleschna”
belong to Harrison Grey Fiske. Mr. Fiske,
to whom Mr. McLellan gave an option on
the English rights of this play, has exercised
that option. If Mr, McLeilan has madea
contract with any other manager his action
is incomprehensible in view of the fact
that Mrs. Fiske collaborated with Mr.
McLellan on the play as it is presented
atthe Manhattan Theatre.

“This collaboration, although unacknowl-
edged, occupied Mra. Fiske the entire
suramer. and Mr. Mcl#@ilan in letters to
Mrs. Fiske expressed to her his appre-
ciation and gratitude for this coljaboration.
Mr. McLellan submitted his original play
to several prominei:t American managers,
but failed to secure a production unti] Mra.
Fiske accepted it.”

 

 

latest Marine [ntelligence.
Arrived ; Sw Trinidad, bormrda, Feb. 6

 

 

Wheatena for breakfast—the whole wheat minus
the husk and starch, Wheaty in favor, sweet

- Insist up Raving Burnett's Vanile.—Ads.i as a oul rewWores MUBCIS, LErVe, DiMiy. Ade. ,

been found. It is |

| action of the sergeant in ene

he}

were satisfied, for | were due at their post on the battleship

have been stolen were pledged and by

whom.

 

VANKFED TARS FPHOM THEATRE,

|

| ated from the elementary grade of the Hill-/

 

Vessels From Norfoik Fail to Find Disabled
Gunboat—Sighted Again Feb. 7.

NosFouk, Va., Feb. &.—No tidings have
come to the navy yard of the disabled gun-
boat Newport. The tug Wahneta went out
of the Virginia Capes yesterday and
searched all day for her. The gunboat
Hornet went out early this morning and
returned this afternoon after an unsucoess-
ful search.

The officials at the navy yard have no
serious fears for the safety of the Newport,
but they will be anxious until they hear
she has reached port. They believe that she
is making for some port nearer the acene
of the accident than Norfolk.

The Newport was alighted on Feb. 8 by
the steamer Admiral Schley. She was then
seventy miles south of Hatteras and was
attempting to make Norfolk. The Mallory
liner Concho, in from Galveston and Key
Weat, reports that she passed off Hatteras,
on Tuesday morning, Feb. 7, a United
States war veasel proceeding under full

sail, which signalled that she wished to be |

reported, The Concho's skipper could not

make out her name, but as she is barken-g

tine rigged she is doubtless the Newport.
FURRIER ASPHYXIATED

In His Hotel Room, After Dining Out With
Other Fur Dealers.

 

 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 10905, ‘
Snow to-day, turning to rain, with higher

temperature; rain to-morrow,

 

 

TREATY WITH NBWFOUNDLAND

 

THE TAV-ROND CONVENTION DIS-

CUSSED IN THE SENATE.

 

Some Amendments Made and a New Article
Added—It Is Expected That the
Treaty WI Be Ratified at the Next Ex-
ecutive Session—-Text of the Treaty,

Wasuinoton, Feb. 8.--The Senate was
in executive session three hours this after-
nonn, discussing the proposed reciproo-
ity treaty with Newfoundland. This so-
called Hay-Bond convention, which was
in fact signed by Secretary Hay and the
late Sir Michael Herbert, was amended
in many respects by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and most of these amen«t-
menta were agreed to by the Senate. In
important respects, however, the Senate

| disagreed with the committees amend-
| ments, after a long debate on the general
question of reciprocity. The treaty, as
finally amended, went over, and it fa ex-
pected that it will be ratified to-morrow,
or whenever the next executive session is
held.

Strong speeches against attempting to
amend the tariff by treaty stipulations were
made by a number of leading Senators,
including Mr. Platt of Connecticut.

Mr. Scott of West Virginia opposed that
part of Article II. providing for the free
admission of Newfoundland coal and coal
oj! and iron ores, and his motion to strike
out those provisions prevailed on a roll call

 

J. G. Strohmeyer, a furrier, of 22 Churchill | by @ vote of 28 to 28,

street, Toronto, Canada, was found dead in:

his room in the St. George Hotel, 49 East
Twelfth street, yesterday afternoon.

On motion of Mr. Heyburn of Idaho
the treaty was amended by striking out the

Gas | Provisions for continuing it in force after

was Jeaking from a partly closed jet. Coro-, five years.

ner Scholer said that Strohmeyer had un- |

doubtedly died by sccident. He had gone
to bed late on Tuesday night after being,
out to a dinner with a party of fur dealers.

The text of the treaty is given below.
The words in brackets in Article II. are those
stricken out by Mr. Scott's amtndment.
Article VI. as a whole is a committee

It was apparent that he had in some way amendment and is intended to meet the
turned the gas partly on after turning it off.g, objection that the Executive and the Senate

 

 

A GRADUATE AT 73.

 

Former Slave Woman Learns to Read, and{

Gets Prize Over Elementary Pupils.

New Havgn, Conn., Feb. 8.—Mra. Jano!

Fans, a negro, 73 years old, was gradu-

house Evening School last night with honors.

| Mra. Evans is an ex-slave.

 

For many years she has been very anxious
to learn to read, and recently applied at the
evening school for instruction.

diligent student and faithful in attendance.

 

|
|
|
{

With a child's primer she made good

progress, so that she now is very proud to be |
Shog

able to read her Bible and newspaper.
secured the prize award among 250 pupils.

TO TAX BACHELORS IN TEXAS.

You Wi) Have to Be Wealthy to Stay Single
Down There,

Austin, Tex., Feb. 8&—A bill has been
introduced into the Legislature providing
for a graduated tax on bachelors.

The tax begins’at 21 years of age and in-

 

 

creases until it becomes almost probibitoryy
| at the age of 85, except to men of wealth.

The bill will probably be passed.

 

 

| SON TO FORMER MRS. MOLINEUX,

Went to the Play Inst ‘ad of Reporting on |

Time at Navy Yard.

Just as Maurice Freeman, playing the
character of Edmund Dantes in the play
“Monte Cristo,” at the Coluinbia Theatre,
Brooklyn, on Tuesday night climbed out
of the stage sea and on to a property rock
to announce “I'm saved and the world
is mine,” two marines and a sergeant from
the Brooklyn navy yard marched down
the aisle and yanked from their seats a pair
of youthful tars. These two were among
a large force of jackies that were attending
the show, which is quite popular among
seafarers. The arrest caused a commotion,
and as the prisoners were being led out
James Waldron, the business manager of
the theatre, ventured to inquire of the
sergeant the nature of the offence for which
the sailors were arrested, “Desertion,”
replied the sergeant.

Yesterday afternoon the theatre manage- |
ment received a polite note from Rear |
Admiral Coghlan, the commandant of the |
navy yard, in which he apologized for the
the men
prisoners during the progress of the play
‘hs Admiral explained that the (wo sailors |

Maine at 6 o'clock in the evening and that

when they failed to put In an appearance
a searching party was sent out for them.

The Admiral said further that owing to

the fact that the battleship Maine, the}

cruiser Chattanooga and a large force of |

marines were at the navy yard it was abso- |

lutely necessary that the rules concerning |

leaves be strictly enforced. |

Business Manager Waldron hit upon a |

|

|

|

soheme to assist the navy yard authorities
in maintaining proper discipline and he |
communicated it by telephone to Admiral

Coghlan. The plan was to have a sailors’ |
night this evening, and Waldron offered to

reserve a block of 400 seats in the orchestra
for the tars, provided they got a night off
The offer was acoepted by Admiral Coghlan,
who agreed to give that number of men a
leave of absence from 7:30 until midnight.

-_

OCEANTO’S CHATTY

 

TRIP,

First White Star Boat to Talk With Viewless
Ships All the Way Across.

The White Star liner Oceanic, in last night
from Liverpool and Queenstown, had for
the first time wireless talks all the way
across the sea with ships she passed, but
did not sight. She is the first vessel of the
White Star fleet to receive the Marconi
equipment, and the reet will have it later
Among her passengers were J. B. Duke
the tobacco merchant, who is returning
from his honeymoon trip; J. Bruce Ismay,
head of the International Mercantile Ma-
rine; Henry A. Bowring, Robert P. Porter,
Mias Julie Mackay, the pantomimixt, who
haa appeared, she says, in every civilized
country in the world and made herself
understood: Mr. and Mrs. Gerard Oakes,
James Archibald, F. J. Rutherford, Peici-
va) Farquhar, W. H. Wallace and Mr. sad
Mrs. Charles Worster

 

 

THEIR OWN FIRE FIGHTERS.

 

Mr. and Mrs. H. Van Renasclaere Kennedy
Save Their Country Home at Hempstead.

HemrernaD, L. 1., Feb. 8.—Mr. and Mrs. |
1. Van Rensselaer Kennedy of the Meadow
Brook Hunt Club, whose country home is
just south of this village, saved their house |
from destruction on Tuesday without calling
in the Hempstead vamps. The fire, caused
probably by a defective flue from an open
grate, had a good start when Mrs. Kennedy |
and ber children discovered it. With her
husband and the servants she formed a
bucket brigade, riggea up a small fire hose
and, after an hour's hard work and some |
danger, put the fire ont

 

Preakfast foods have come, breakfast foods
have gone, since Wheatena began twenty five |
yearteco. Wacniena selis better than eves. Ad.

| Intention Is Not to [Interfere With Surface i porting of coal or ore from the working face

| to the point of shipment; machinery vs other

| Cortlandt
| overything is in readiness for an sany

Who Married Sioux Pails Lawyer Who Got
Mer Divorce From Roland B.

Stovx Fauia, 8. D., Feb. 8.—It was an-

nounced here this evening that a son was |

born Monday morning to Mr. and Mm.
Wallace D. Soott of this city

Mrs. Soott waa formerly Mrs. Roland B.
Molineux of New York city. Scott is a
lawyer here and appeared for hia present

wife in her divorce proceedings.

CECILIA LOFTUS QUITS HOSPITAL.

Deciares She's Well Enough to Act and
Starts to Mejoin Company.

AKRON, Ohio, Feb. 8.— Miss Cecilia Loftus

who fainted at the performance of “The |
Serio-Comic Governess” at the Colonial
Theatre Monday evening, and who was

reported as suffering from nervous prostra-
tion, declared to-day that she was well
enough to resume her duties and left the

| City Hospital

Her physician protested, but despite
his advice she left to rejoin her company
at Toronto

STEAMERS IN HOT OCEAN RACE.

 

Finish Half a Length Apart in Rough Trip |

From Portland to Boston.
PorTLAND, Me., Feb. 8—For 108 miles,
from Boston to Portland, the two big pas-
eenger ateamers, the Calvin
International Division of the Eastern Steam-
ship Line and the Governor Dingley of
the Portland Division, raced through the

rough water of yesterday prow and prow,
at no time being over a quarter of a mile

} apart

In a great finish, with the passengers all
on deck, cheering and waving, the Austin

| passed Spring Point lighthouse at the en-
! trance of Portland harbor just half a length

in the lead.

The Austin and the Dingley left Boston
at 6:05 A. M. and made Portland harbor at
12:20 noon. About thirty miles from Port-
land steam went down on the Dingley
and ehe fell a quarter of a mile behind,
but she regained it all by a terrific burst
of speed.

 

TUNNELLING

WEST SIDE SOON,

 

Tramc in Sixth Avenue.

William G. MoAdoo, president of the |
New York and Jersey Railroad Company,
said yesterday that work on the Sixth
avenue and Ninth street extension of the
tunnel would be begun just as s00n as Mayor |
MoClellan signed the franchise granted
by the Aldermen on Tuesday. }

“Our intention,” he said, “ie to build the |
tunnels very much in the same way as the
lower Broadway subway is building. There
will be no interference with the traffic
on the service. I think that the work can |
be finished in two years. The work on the
tunne! under the river is proceeding rapidly, |
and while we have not yet begun an the |
street tunnel to Jersey City

beginning.”

 

Woman Dead at the Age of 107,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tak Sun {
Loxpon, Feb. 8.—Henrietta Johnson |

: |
died here last evening at the age of 107. |

|
She was born in Baltimore and wag in the
service of an American family named
Cator

 

#5.00 NIAGARA PALLS & RETURN.
Lehigh Valicy R. R. Ice Bridge Ficursion Feb

 

 

 

 

She was a,|

The dates for the three inter- |
| yening days had been cancelled.

Austin of the |

| meal,

| by treaty are attempting to amend the
tariff laws, By keeping the treaty in abey-
ance until the tariff Jaws are so amended
as to conform to the rates of duty and
exemptions specitied in the treaty, the Re-
publicans in the Senate are satisfied that
no harm can come from ratification.
The treaty as amended by the committee,
| orso far by the Senate, reads as follows;

| Articla 1.—United States fishing vessels
‘| entering the waters of Newfoundland shall
‘ have the privilege of purchasing herring,
caplin, squid and other bait fishes at all times,
on the same terms and conditions and sub-
| Ject to the same penalties as Newfoundland
vessels, They shall aiso have the privilege
of touching and trading, buying and selling
fish and oil and procuring supplies in New-
foundlahd, conforming to the harbor regu-
lations, but without other charge than the
payment of such light, harbor and customs
\| dues as are or may be levied on Newfound-
land fishing vessels.

Article If.-—Codfsh, seal ofl, whale oll,
whale meat, glue stock, unmanufactured
whalebone and other by-products of the
whaling industry, sealskins, herrings, salmon,
‘| trout and salmon trout, lobsters, cod roes,

tongues and sounds, being the produce of

the fisheries carriei on by the fishermen of

Newfoundland (and ores of metals, coal and

coal oil, the product of Newfoundland's

mines, and slates from the quarry, tn-
| trimmed] shall be admitted Into the United
| States free of duty. Also all packages in
| which the sald fish and olla may be exported
| shall be admitted free of duty Tt is under-
stood, however, that cod oil and eolfish
and herring smoked, dried, silted, pickled,
frozen, or otherwise prepired for preserva.
tion, are not Included in the provisions of this
article

Article Iif rhe officers of customs of
the Newfoundland port where the vessel
clears ehall give to the master of the veasel
a sworn certificate that the [sh shipped

were the produce of the fisheries carried on

| by the fishermen of Newfoundland, which
| certificate shall be countersigned by the
consitlar agent of the United States

Article IV.--When this couvention shall

|
come into operation and during the continu-
| anee thereof the following articles imported
colony of Newfoundjand from the
| United States shall be admitted free of duty:
| Agricultural implements and machinery
| follows: Scythes,

| hooks, rakes

| feld rollers, mowing machines,
and other ploughs,

j into the

sickles or reaping
farm, road or
self-binders,

harrows,

| as

hoes, snaths,

 

  

|} reapers, sulky

| horse rakes, grain and seed drill stump.

jing machines, thr ‘rs and separators,

i hey and feed cutters, bone crushers, air
tora, cream separating machines

! Mining machinery: Rock driile, coal euttera,
| pumping engines of all kinds to be used in

trausferring water from nderground
{ or open pit workings to the surti hoisting
machines or other machinery to be used as
| a motive power to lift ores or coal from un-

the

  

the surface

used in

derground or from anopen pit to
} crushers or other ina

} the actual breaking of ores a0 as to facilitate

hinery to be
refining or transportation ial machinery
of all kinds to be used for the washing, con-
centration, reduction, orthe refining of anyore
orcoal, orfor the manufacture of brick; pros-
pecting drillsof all kinds to be used for proving
} the extent or existence underground of coal,
} oll or ore bodies; cranes and derricks when
used for the actual handling of coal or ore
| from the workings to the surface; compres-
| gore to be used for the operation of any of
} the above machines: fre clay and fire brick
| to be used in the constriction of any ore
| reduction or amelting plant; dynamite, de-

tonators, blasting powder, fuses of all kinds,
| blasting batteries, battery wire and drill
ateel; wrought iron or other pipes to be used
, in transmitting steam, compressed air or
| water through the underground or open pit

ape

 

 

| workings, and from the point of accurnula-
| tion to the point of exit, hoisting and hauling

| cables to be used in the lifting and trans-

equipment to be used in conveying coal or
ore within the mine or from the workings lo
the surface

Raw cotton and cotton yarn, corn for the
manufacture ef brooms and whiske; chair
cane, unmanufactured; cottonseed oil, olive
oil, boracic acid, acetic acid, preservatine,
when imported by manufacturers to be used
in the preservation of Osh or fish glue: hemp,
hemp yarn, coir yarn, sisal, manila, jute,
flax and tow; Indian corn: oil cake, oil cake
cottonseed cake, cottonseed meal,
pease, meal bran and other preparations for
cattle feed; manures and fertilizers of all
kinds and sulphuric acid when imported to
be used in the manufacture of manures
lines and twines used in connection with the
fisheries, not including sporting tackle; ores

to be used aa flux: gas engines, when
protected by patent, enwravers' plates of
steol, polished, for engraving thereon, photo-

 

engraving machinery, vir: Houter, bevelling
an aquaring machines. screen holders
crossline screens and chemicals for use itn
engraving, wood for blocking, engraving
toola and press plates: printing presses
winting paper, printin types printer

fake, when imported by bona fide printers

 

FLORIDA'S FAMOUS TRAINS,

 

 

 

 

1th, return Lett Tickets good all trains, toclud- | “nw. ¥. & Fla. Special,” 2:30 P. M lia. & West
ing Bieck Diamond. 4&5, 1734 Droadway.—Ads, Indian Ltd..” 925 A M Unetorlied service via
| Penn. & Atlantic Coast Line, 1161 Bway, N. Y.
Ade
Quickest Line to Cleveland, | a aa
Leave New York 632 P. M.. afrive Cleveland | ieee

745 neat morning, Cincinnat! 430 P. M., Indiar } NIAGARA FALLS AND RETURN, 68,
upolis 8.00 P. M.. St. Louts 9:45 R. M.. by New York | vin Lackawanna Rallroad. Tickets good going
Central. Fine Service. No ckerss lare.—Ade, Feb. 11, returning Ull Feb. 13.—Ade,* aoa

* oy Te

~ Semper me

ee