«

 

~ VOLLAVIIL—NO. 73 NEW YORK,

CHINESE COURT'S DANGER,

ty Te POWER OF THE MEN WHOSE

peavus TUE {LLIES DEMAND.

 

Empress ¢ onfesses Eneblility to Panish Gallty
Gen. Tung Fa Hstang, Who Controls the
Troops at Court-This May Seriously Delay
peace Negotlations~Americans in Pekin

Pleased at the Result of Flectton Here,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
From a Stail Correspondent

Preis, Nov 10, vie Taku Noy. 10, and
Shanghai, Nov ti The Mi: isters made sub-
progress at their last meeting on}

stantial
Thursday io formulating the demands that will

be presented to the Chinese Government While
the utmogt seerecy ts maintained regarding the
avetual nature of the demands the correspondent
of THE SUN believes that an agreement has
practically been reached, andthat if the draft
of the demands has not already been handed to
the allied Govearnnients it will be shortly The
Ministers will hold another meeting on Nov, 12
It is understood that the demands are based
onthe French note, but differ therefrom ino
some respects, besides containing soine addi-
tional d"inands. For instance, the French note
leno mention of the murder of Baron von
teler, the German Minister It is almost cer-
nthat the demands to be presented will ine
etthat proper reparation be made for his
*urder, and that the Chinese perform a sub-
stantial actof humiliation to give satisfaction
‘to the German Government. It will probably
be suggested that a Prince of the royal blood
proceed to Germany and humiliate himeelf be-
fore i mperor William.

It is understood that the Ministers have dis-
cussed, in addition to the Frencn note, the
question of Indemnity. One suggestion made
was that China be compelied to pay for the
actual damage done and in addition to meet all
the expenses of the war and all the expenses
incurred in maintaining the troops here This
would probably make a bill of about §400,000,000
for China to settle.

Foreign supervision of the revenues and guar-
antees for the paymeut of the indemnity were
discuesed, as Was also the question of opening
the whole country to trade. The protection of
missionaries was also under consideration, but
{t is not known whether this will be included in
the demands.

4 telegram from the Empress Dowager to I
Hung Chang, saying that it was impossible to
punish Gen. Tung Fu H-iang and that the
utmost punishmentthat could be inflicted on
Yu Hsien, Governor of Shansi, would be ban-
jehment, caused somewhat of a sliock to
the Ministers, yet such a statement must
have been expected, because, as has been
pointed outin these despatches, the court is
absolutely at the merey of Gien. Tung Fu
Hsiang. His troops are the only solvers the
throne has with which to punish anybody. The
Empress Dowager and the Emperor are de-
pendent upon them for their own prot on

The officials whose deat!s are demen are
Princes Chuang, Tuan, Li, Tsai 1.eo and Teal
Ying, and the third-grade Princes Kang,Schiao,
Schechuao and Tung Fu Hsiang, Duke Lan,
Ying Teen and Yu Hsien. These are the most
powerful men in the empire, and it is in their
power to get the court completely in their

rasp and to render the Empress Dowager and

Emperor helpless, 'Thyough Gen. Tang]
all the army i r their "
Haia idee x the Empr
ohe Corts Minisnment « lea
on the others, but he will certain!y not support
her if he knows that his own head will be of-
fered to the allies.

If the demand for the deaths of these officials
takes the form of an ultimatum, the Dowager
Empress will be placed inan awk ward position.
The effect would be to prolong the negotiations
unreasonably, with no certainty of ultimate
success. Onthe other hand, if Gen. Tung Fu
Hsiang should not be condemned. he would
probably be willing to go to any lengths to set
himself right with the Powers, even to killing
his associates. Whether or not this question
will affect the determination of the Ministers to
demand the death punishment remains to be
seen Ifthe court was here the matter would
be an easy one, but with it in an almost tn-
accessible place, even eo far as thy telegraph is
concerned, and with the Einpress and Emperor
inthe power of the men whose deaths are de-
inanded, the conditions are entirely different

The Manchus in Pekin are attracting atten-
tion. Thousands of them come here yearly, all
being pensioners of the Government or holders
of petty offices. Their chief duty consists in
drawing their salaries, They have received no
money since the flight of the court and their
condition is becoming serious Fven Prince
Su, one of the eight royal Princes, is on the
verge of poverty. He is living in one room, the
furniture of which consists of two chairs anda
table, His stock of provi-ions is very low and
he has littl if any money with whichto pur-
chase fresh supplies Prince Su was snoffl-
ciently friendly to the foreigners during the
selge to desert his house at an opportune mo-
ment, thus giving 180 native Christians a place
of refuge. They subsequently abandoned part
of the house, which was blown up by Boxers
and looted The prospects are that the Manchus
here will have a hard winter

Regarding the looting by missionaries, friends
of Archbishop Favier «tate that all the property
taken by C Chole Christiins was indexed and
the proceeds accounted for The Ministers
have been notified of this and have been asked
to deduct the amount of the proceeds from the
bill for damages to be presented to the Chinese
Government

There was much enthusiasm among the Amer-
ieans here when the resultof the elect
the Un ted States became known. I is beliewed
that the Republican victory means
ending © the Philippine war and prosperity in
thoge istands

Mr W. W. Rockhill, the Amertean
Commis-ioner, arrived here on Triday,

 

 

 

 

bsin

 

 

Special

TUNG FU WSTANG DEFIANT,

Warns the Court That He Will Revolt if
Allies’ Demands Are Granted.
able Despatch to THE SUN
LON, \ ‘ ”
ard frou Sha
Hsiang soon
the poole of

Special ¢

gui (ren,
be winciog popularity
Nausea

sivs that
All
his side He has
obtained le d has gone to
Ninghsia-fu. oH irned the court that
if tt vielis ty ad {of the for
his head hy ite

Yuan Stith hha We "
offered to wipply the ates
and eattla for ties s

 

Powers

of Shantung, has

witt 000 shee

TTALY'S KRING 81 Yr OkS

orn,

In Celebration of His Uirithday He Grants
Amnesty te Many
Special Caple Lies
Rome, Nov. tt
Bl years old to-da i eledoy the
day his Malesty granted an,
Prisoners ant lessened the
rioters whe
autnorities in

Prisoners,

hoe ue Ss

 

 

Were Convicted
I sti

Fight Killed in French Train
Special Cable Dear !
Panig, Novi il Anoxt ess ty
Nantes to-day cra hed into a je
wasstinding at Choisv-ieR Pivht
were killed and flit en wounded

 

Bornett'’s Vanilla Eatract
isthe best The grocers know lt
1% iWisfor your food. Pure and wholesome

Poland!) Poland! Polend! Poland!
fe the purest natural spring water in the world —Ade,

aving
ide

 

 
  
  
    

the quick |

A despatch to the Stand. !

Ture Fa |

 

sravisn-ausmeay covoness, | RESULT PLEASES MANILA,

Delegates We'comed to Midrid and Express |

Sympathy With Spin,

Special Cade Desnatch to VUE SUN \

Mapnip, Nov. tl. Marquis Aguiar Campo, |

Minister of Foreign Affairs, presided yesterday ,
at the opening of the Spuntsh-Amertoan Con-

 

BUSINESS INTERESTS
LIEVED BY

THERE
BRYAN'S DEPEAT,

RE-

Prominent Titpinos and the Macabebe Tribe

gress and received the delegates from the : . .
Spanish-American Republics \ Celebrate McKinley's WRe-election—News
Ex-Prime Minister Silvela made a speech | Slowly Reaching the Insurgent Territory

warmly welcoming the delegates. He said it Too Soon Yet for Resalts to Be Seen,

howaduy. for weak nations to

Wee Hecewary Speria’ Cable Despatch to THE SUN “
combing in self-defence without harboring Masina, Nov. 11.— The ow f the Re
e LA, ' aa ae +o ie~
ide geress Unit ion w so |
ideasof aggression nited action was alse | publican vietory ino the United States was
desirable for developing commercial, Hterary |p opived juietly bat thankfully here All
4 ty ‘ ‘ n

and racial relations and for promoting arbitra-

; the American and toast of the Spanish news.
tion of all internatlonal disputes. Ex-Prime ;

papers were enthusiistic over the result. The

’ Sage epeee! , { ar ‘ '
Minister Sagasta wade a speeeh on similar Filipino papers refrained from making any
lines | content
: or Labra, 10 was formerly a W 1- | fs
on oe ‘“" = corner Pape Ir ee no question that the Americans
1 » 5 " ‘ a ‘ . a! ’ “—
dian ep ’ \e Wey, CAaliset ipri nd foreigners here experience a great feeling

bY expressing regre! that Cuba and Porto t ’

‘ t 4 in « i relef over the decisiveness of the defeat
were \ represen te i t ‘ig fess °
‘ ny =. bs reac - : of the Democratic poliey. Merchants antici+
wis » heve elas, fo sen em affec ale

pcp = 2 ee ae tion of President Mebinley

   

pate that the reer

  

  
 

}
ting- | ) é
ates ng vill result in stabilitw and seeurity here Vhe

The delegates from Mexico and the Argen- minrkets aro al hy die

, ‘ ul ‘ts alreac ster r
tine Republic replied to the speecles of wel- | The lead i rack a

art ‘ he leading Filipinos who accept American
come. They expressed hearty sympathy with | ; at

: rule, and the Macabebes, are much pleased
the mothertand, but were guarded in their In the Macabebe rown of Pampanga the resi
remarks when they spoke of closer political |

and commercial relations between Che repub- den s celebrated Mr McKinley's success with

lies they represented and Spain 1a flesta that lasted twenty-four hours, during
Berti Ler i . j

ich speechinaking and

Win TRISH

which there were om
dat

President

CLASH I KAGUE, cathe

Taft and the other members of the
for Ireland Prohibits a | ! constantly in
ceipt of congratulatory The vari-
ous garrisons bave organized celebrations in
honor of the Republican victory The news
is gradually filtering into the insurgent ter-
ritory, but as yet it has produced no visible

effect

 

ippine Commission are re-

New Chief Secretary
Meeting and There Is a How,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Depiin, Nov. 11.—The first confilct be-
tween the Irish League and the Government
under Mr. Charles Wyndham, as Chief Secre- |
tary for Ireland, took place to-day at Bale }
lindarrig, County Wicklow, A meeting there | eS
had been prohibited on the ground that it | HAVANA QUARANTINE RULES,

would provoke intimidation and disorder i anne .
John Redmond and John Dillon had Papers Which Proteste! Against Gen, Wood's

Plan Now Accept It.

nessawes

pre- |

viously spoken in Wicklow, denouncing the
atupidity and tyranny of the Government, Special Cable Despatch to THE SUS
. , , he te tl ’ ‘te
but declared that {ts conduct, synchronizing | HAVANA, Nov, 11) The bewspapers, after
with Mr. Wyndharn’s arrival in Ireland, was! baving severely eriticised the establishment
more valuable than if a hundred meetings were | Of 4 duarantine station for immigrants and
haid. | the precautions asepted by Gen Wood for
the protection of immigrants from yellow

Mr. Redmond led the crowd to Ballindarrig,
where there was a strong force of polle@. A
row ensued, during which the polire used |
thelr batons. Several men were fnjured.
The meeting was subsequently held Indoors

| fever, have changed their tone, and yesterday
and to-day they published editorials retracing
their former statemerts ie Lucha that
the other papers cid not take the trouble to
find out whit they were ta king about before
they began to criticise The editor of the Jiarw
Manna bad an tnterview with Gen,
Details of a Plan Said to Have Been Adopted Woodon the suloectol the quarantine regula
by the War Office. tions and all hands now atpear to be satetid

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN that the pole was not
lonpoy, Nov. 12—The Daily Mad prints | tended to drive away Spanish immigrants, bu&
the detalls of a scheme of army reform, which, | is bemeficial to al.
it asserts, has been decided upon. It de- | The incapacay of the nnunicipwity of Havena

ays

 

BRITISH ARMY REFORM,

de la

 

of the Government

scribes the echerne as one of the most radial | has causedMniversal discontent | )e Conse
upheavals the army has ever experienced, | yatives prophesied that the recentiy elected
It says that time expired men will heneefoade pal officers would be { 03, but-tbat
be mainly employed in the routine dutles pow acts would in the end prové benefelal by
performed by the troops, The | iat wil ming the eyes of the people genéralty te the
have ten months’ active military i mpeteree of the dass of Cubana who were

ora: end will be taught scoptin , i: elected to ugunicipal offices: ” :
ing, Bfidcing, attacking, and delending The muntoipality of Havana i s|s months be-

large
and markemanghip gampalgn | bind in preparink its budget, and Mas
conditions instead of om figed. ea .* {the discretionagy texes before eét! €
The Wer OMoce is agquiring “the rights to | amount of the pbitgatory ones, (Th ie

  
  

  

    

 

'

goncerved ef.

HC ares
eee) we ye ed

large areas of land fe parts of tile | trary to th law. *} ie?
United vhes, idcluding Sh nee Ms
grillery $pa-will ba] arbviereR stOPs J ELSE.
= 7% gee % B fea! nah Sie A 2 ~ . 4 AS, 4
to the put ‘ an ‘ , fp Senae, Oases: A Diner’
FOR TP CANAL : . ; . Fi
1. es oS Ss & Ry Lure oe : th ta “A\4
Americans Sald to Be Interest@@? y ye Cooper ae nteore, hai to be
to Kalld One From Southa y = on Saturday show him that he

Special Cadie Despatch to Tne BS rf

in’t maltreat his just as he pleased,

 

Lonxpon, Nov. 1).--It is reported B he {< now awaiting (ridin the Court of
Charles T. Yerkes, the American ru ilroagqnag- | Sibeial S -ssions on the charge of crue!)
nate, is interested in the f moricen me was driving through West Ninetv-first
for constructing @ slip canal from Sow mp- |. _ § i ‘ :
ton to London. The route has already b aa when he was firs! noticed. Between

surveved, and engineers commis-ioned hy bus and Amsterdam avenues he became

 

 

a8 ne syndicate have reported thatthe | ann Jat the way the two horses attached
schgme is feasible Xtensive legal diMleul- athe ‘ ‘ 2 :
tial’ are in the way of the plan, however, and | to agon were acting, and willie they were
it would be tremendonaly opposed by other | ™ wat a rapid rate he began to “saw on
interests, | th Mis jerking bard first on one rein and
it the At last he pulled so hard tha
morocco To Pty our cram, | | Me nile pte oor iret agt x ;
‘ orses stunned feu \
v the anitnais

Will Levy an Extra Tax and Foreigners at

|
|
|
Fer Are Displeased. | fea jumped. down then and |

rites feet He took a look ¢

}
Mm @n he woeen banged thio
ad pushed him along
~~ \
wy

 

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

  
      

 

 

Brvsseis, Nov. 11-The Jndenendance Belge then deliberately kicked the horse
prints a despatch from ‘Tangier saying 5 “‘neth , ih it L wis seon by two
that the foreigners there are displeased by | |/Qammap 7 ae noe aa F it hey — i.
the Washington Government's agreement the’ ne blah a ‘I "st A an, 16. oe ° he
regarding the indemnity to be paid for the | (t a ech nel tt front fwhi nage Rares
recent murder of an Americnn at Fez. Lhe i dMahpn aid Mitts S Carver w retired et
indemnity will be met by imposing an addi- | onan oi cae ai igs ‘Laat Nu atyoh tek wireat
tition *, ine itis not likely to prevent arepes | 10° U8 an Was standing infront of the ehurch

ic ) 1 18 $ st 1 ’ ire
pees i Orne where driver Kicked the horse and Mr

Carver @@* walhing through (he street
S SWALLPOX EPIDEMIC IN PARIS, Both glen ran for the driver and told him
to stop auxembure, according to Mr, Carver

 

   

 

 

       

Due to the Crowding of People From the Far pokes be ists aa i Dd eet ey
‘ ore wie ith eu » Shere
East During the Summer. na s e was a minister the driver became
Special Cable liespatch to THE SUN, profas 4s well as abusive Mr Carver and
Paris, Noval An epidemic of sinalipog has | Dr She om Bp) were not to be butte

broken out here, due probably to the massing | || Ke@M Suis taan,” paid Dr, Sherman to
hereof Arabs and other people from the Fast Mr. Ca while you go and get & police.

during theexhibition. Noticeshave been posted i) t3 = one
by the pollee Warning persons who have not Mr. (ag irriad ¢ ver to Columbus avenue
been vaccinated within six years to be yaee | 80d aotggm san Faubel, who wasted no
enated now Every precaution to stamp out) [ae tn mw luixemburae and locking
the disease bas been taser him up in ad mest 1th street atation lux.
ques rags were all Saturday night, both
| ry Bier Sherman makin come

Earl Cadogan to Remain tn Ireland, * Piire

plaints ag
| lor Sherr
police court a i.
Wi led buss

Special Cable Despatch to vot appear in the West Side

Loxpon, Nov it. Tt is announced that

Tne Sus
but

|
har} at his ahurehy

   

 
  

 

    

 

  

   
 

 

 

 

   

   

   

 

 

( STARVING WOWAN STEALS,

She Is Caught at It ina Dry Goods Store and
Putian Jall,

A young woman wearing @ black automo
bile cont and tratling silk skirt was a prisoner
in the Jefferson Market police court: yester-
day charged with stealing two pairs of trousers
and a boy's suit from a Sixth avenue depart-
ment store. The special policeman who ar-
rested her had watched her for a long time
and had <een her pack the stolen articles ip a

 

stnall leather satehel.

The woman wept and moaned all the time
she was in court. She said that she was Mrs
Mary Barnett of 81 South Pulth street, Williams-
burg. When asked what she had to say she
cried that her husband was dying of consump-
tion and all she wanted was to get hore to

 

him. Seeing that Magistrate Brann, who
hears many such pleas, remained unimpressed
she added that her baby died recently and that
she liad just come from its funeral Lhe
Magistrate decided to hold her till to-day till
the police could investigate her story, and
he committed ber to the court: prison

The woinan's story proved to be true in part
Ver husband is @ consumptive and with lilniand
their wo children, one 3 years old and
the other @ months, they have oocupled for

sore time a small rear roomdn an old-fashioned
brick dwelling at the address in Willlaristore
We have been on the very Vetese of stutva-
tion for some tinve,” said Mrs Barnett 's husband
toa SCN reporter, “and the only reason [can

 

ive for my wife's wet is that she tuust have
Ba nh desperate, We have been married four
vears. For ten veare TD bad a geod place as
salesman ina large dry goods house = Gr ace
count of ling trouble was obliged to give it
up a year ago. The ittle money TP and my

oon spent for our support
wht work as a typewriler
bot it helped us alone

sere

wife had suved was
And then mv wife «
She earned very [tthe

Then her firm went out of business
time ago and my wife's revenne was
Day after day after that she went out lo
for employment. Every morning she
clippings from newspapers and went away
from here with the hope that she might find
sergething to do. Jt was all of no use, how.
ever She returned in the evening completely
disheartened and starvation ds staring usin the
ace, for we have pawned evervtlhiig that was
worth pawning

‘Whenomny wife left here Saturday tmornir
with the usual handful of clippings she t iq
me she would make a desperate eYort to get
work. When she failed to return in the eve-
ping T couldn't imagine what had happened
and began to fear that she mirht have done
harm to herself. At night | received word
from the police that she had been arrested
Tam satisfied that she would never lave stolen
anything but for the fact that we were starve
fue.’

4 baby of theirs died a year awo, Barnett
said, but nene lad died re recentiv, fis
wife was jJocked th the Jefferson Market Court
atl last night and reporters were not pern itted
mmunicate with her

 
     

 

 

  

 

to ve

 

 

DIED IN FRIDAY'S SIORM,

One of Three Deer Hanters Succumbs to Fx-
posure and Cold on Ellenbargh Mountain,
Puarrspurau, N, Y., Nov, 11.-Henry Lae

Jolin Revere and James Witte left Lyon

Mountain on Friday morning to hunt deer on

Ellenburgh Mountain. During the afternoon

a Seyere snow and wind storm came up, and

they lost thelr bearings and wandered through

the snow a Priday night, On Saturday morn.
larpare, completely exhausted, lay down
and lecane wu His) companions
could yt revive lim, and le died ina short time
of cold extiaustion, The others left his
i
1

 
 

 

conselous

bo ‘ aith’s Brook# aud oontinued their
Wa WYe~ until Saturday night, when they
" Minto Sherlock's lumber camp and notified
| wrkhmen, One of them started on horse.
pace for Lyon Mountain, but owing to the con-
inued severity of the storm he could not revel
MACS) nce and went to Dannemora, from which
Haameearchiiw parties went out this morning
the beady of Lanare,
25 vears of age. He wae coné@he
. b bad. Johraon of this village,
' f he Waa shot by burelars who

home

 

had entered % euiployer’s simmer
on TAke ( jamplain, three miles south of this
village He was juat recove from tds

 

wound when he met hie death in the wood

His tieo conipanfons are ina critical condition
from, thelr exposure The snow, the first. of
the season, fell toa depth of over twenty inches
during It

 

thelr tramp In search of shelter

 

CHICAGO TO HAVE A PRENVCH RIL,

 

 

 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 12. 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AM

It's Going to Outshine Everything Ever Given |

Outside of Parts.

Chieaco, Now 11--Chieago ts to have a

1 Freneh ball which its promoters say will be
ust a little bit the liveliest) terpsichorean
function ever “pulled off" west of Paris. ‘The
Cercle Francaise d'Or, a “quiet South side

) rade

morning when the case |

Cadogan will retain the oMe> of Vieeroy of | Mr. Carver wa court to press the aire
Ireland Tord Selbourne, Borst Lord of the When the stor® was told Magistrate Mende
Admiralty. and Gerad Haldour, President of put | uxen i re under $20) bail for trinl. biuix-
the Board of Trade, have been appointed meme ~nbure denied that he had been cruel to the
bers of the Privy Counei horse. The policeman was leading hin away
oe i hen Mer. Carver said
Phis man, sour Honor, was very disorderly
“Jaza' Not a Saccess, while we were enusing his arrest
x An additional comylaint for disorderly con.
pecia Ls , raf wy '
Special Cable Des om THR SUN duct was then taken against Laxembure, and
Minas, Noy. 11> Leoneavallo’s new opera) on that score he was ordered to pay a fine of $5
“Zaza was produced hee last nacht acd failed He didn't act as if he were at all repentant as
of & cee 4g, The disapointing the creat expece | be was led back te the court prison
tations that were enteriaioed for the work ' een > cece
_ JOHAN MOST PRESIDED,
Two Killed in Wreck Near Cape Town, ease
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUS Mecting in Chicago to Commemorate = the
Cape Tows, Nov tt A ratlroad necidont Hanging of the Anarchis s
Songerye tonees at Wyrb re, e e tiles from Cnricaco, I, Now Johan Most of Now
tere WO person Te “ ' “e oe :
aT ) Ons we Killed and thiteen York presivet at moeting in Central Music
~ : Hall to-night hold in corms.emoration of the
SHOT CHE PEERING PREACHER. thirteenth anniv reary oof the hanging of
-= the Anarchists. Tn the audience were many
West Virginia Man Finds the Sanctity of Hie oft! emost pre ent Anarelhist f te ety,
Home Destroved acd Shoots, nltheugh I. oey reons Was tol visible, ¢
; ‘ oe Setuline made the opening address ont roe
Matew Ww. Vay Nov 1b The pull? | counted the (ictory (of th trial of the Anareh-
of the Methodist Fy iscopal ¢ rely was vacant iss Mu Nehiing | reid “ etter
here this morning and promises to ha so for Peet Fover ‘t ehserao f Covert
a long timed a ‘ ; far ' a Og ve inowh Mr Toeer-oll urged the par-
lon So far aus the paster, the or Anar hist Mest d clared thot a
jev John Holden, isconeerned last evening hange was coming whee private ownership
Mr. Helden er lover inte Kentucky te | Would b+ done away with
the home Robert f Ho ‘ enjber S
his conere \ Hoste - FAT4SAT DETR COMBAG,
rom home, ber y ned shar ‘ d
nig Mw ' i toe A Bock Capture! tlive by Fermer Maver |
' "I paifsot i we the bed eha er Curtis of Losten Wilted low Paddock Fight,
inawoor 3 4 re Moosrabab pane Me Nov. 1 Former
. a tw . “
Iyer r if i ite ‘ was \ r Curt f Moston | is an individual
eho ' « ' ‘ ” a '
om the | ‘ ; 4¢ fe ha. record here » deer hunter While on his
ron ' ’ , inn the i eas wu t nor is ourt on the wayto the
ba Boston ‘ ime ' the In iver wort * special steamer Whines he ran
and bw weeding | s ne wer ed to, Across a ! -W ming in the lewe,
reach West Virgir © «¢ homed bey nt hin back te the pout
| i 1 ; ge the oe - on nsarn 1 Mount Kineo Hotel aanie
i back street . revehed Dr, Bure | Path the | ch of the Kineo flock obe
“ess Moe, wher 2 We i 1s dreased ected te ders presence and combat
At dasiieht this tor « Mr. Rostock wa nite t that the eaptured deer
ister Holdew at firs) sigat,) Uh dat
took t fa ‘ “f "riage to ald on Sanday Cards and Hilliard
statiog t ‘ww ! te aot ‘ i ng rT ‘ :
ue on ree ¥ ae ! r li in ington. lrereoiv s Reashand Lane of the BE dridge
wound may prove f Mrs. Bostock cannot Street station raided the basement pool and
be found to-da wed tee san naking © iard room of Isaw Rergen at 19 Orehard
hreate nva@iuist her ster mst wht. They found eighteen bows
Bostock i 4 Purchasing avert f a topber ) Blaving pool and cards and locked thea and
te iets wellknow the Tua } rVatley Bera t The cards and ste smotl change
foundon the tables were confiscated
Solomon ta All Tits Qlor
never tode in as ve ane pete as th: }ennes vt nhe s and other first class restaurants. uce
Limited. Whicu leaves New Soci they tee eae | Saratoga crondack Water -Innenson and dinner. I
-Aéd OFeg ‘ ° fsa dellenitul digesuweagent Adr
- } an
Voland! Poland! Poland! Pp Polang! Poland! Poland! Poland!
Is the purest natural spring water in the world. —Ade + 08 the purest natural spring water in tne worl@—-Ade

organization,” for a number of vears has been
In the habit of
ball on Tt
fumetion has

the

holding annunily a
inkswiving evening
erto been giver

a sinall coterie of

Masques
Lias

for
French-

 

solely

Amusement of

men and ther friends, but it has prove
LOOPS that this sear, the Cerele Prat
d'Or has decided to hold a public masquera
hall
fnw has been secured for Noy
rations are being pushed to make the affair
rank with the best of Parts masked balls

The directors are not ready
their plans, but they expect to maR® the ball
the biggest of ats kind ever attempted in this
city There will, of course, be a ballet
Hehearsals will begin early this week, under
the direction of a well known ballet master
who promises to turnout some original dances
Phe contract for Tattersall’s was closed last
week Plans for the deeorations are well
nnder Way The building will te thoroughly
repainted and hundreds of ele
placed in it

 

 

  

lughts

POWFRREUL GUN FOR WARSHIPS,
The New 12-Inch Rifle of 40 Calibre to Re
Tested This Week at Indian Head.

Woasminatex, Nov. 1
gin ever made for use on board a ship of war

The most) powerful

will be tested at the naval proving grounds,
Indian Head, Md. this week. This remarkable
“peacemaker” was constructed at the naval
wun factory at the Washington Navy Yard

It ix the latest model of the 12-nch rifle and
the claim is made that tt has nouech greater
eflectiveness than guns of larger calibre = t
is 40 calibre, is 408 tnehes long and weughs fifty.
{wo tons The ordnance officers expect to see
the wun develop a velocity of 2,800 feet a seo.
ond and a muzzle eneray Of 46.446 tons The
greatest velocity attained wilh a I-ineh gun,
the largest calibre ued in the United States

 

 

Navy, was 2.800 feet a second with smokeless
powder The greatest velocity develored
by an inelish-made le-inch gun was 2,400 feet

a second A t&ineh navy rife of 50 calibre,

 

one of toe new American models, will be tested
soon at the proving ground The naval ord
hance experts confidently expect to develop
avel ! t wee tert a second

Adds $100,000 to His Educational Git.

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Pedal ill Now. 11 I) was announced
publiely to-day that the Hon. dames Milliken
the Deon banke aad st ntir tat ind
added S,o0,0c00 to his @tft te the propesed in.
d ial « j to be establi&thed Ip tur
He had previonsl wiven Ssiean Citizer
gave $iim.o, and the land Pre
t " rohes of Plinois na and tew

w ei" I xpected that at
walt spel oy riet ‘
tie hut

Governor Goes lo Albany Toedoy,

qyet Bay, Nov. it Gav. Raoseye't °
tend d-ervicee this morning a’ Chrst bpie
palChurch ond stened tethe corner the
Rew Dor HO OH Woashhure In the otternoon
the ds vers and Mrs. Roosevell toa, along
walk lheore were moons Callers at Sogamore
Hil The Governor expects (oO leave Gis er
fav fer Albany toen Ww or.ing ats
ocotk

Killed Himself When He Lost Hie Jon,

Frank Dieckman, 17 vears old, was informed

 

 

 

 

 

yesterday mo ning bv bis en ployer, Nieho ns
Wallzenheld, a erocero Ragle avenue, that
he was Inzy and wae discharged  Dtecknan
went the cash drawer, took outa revo ver
and we t down into the eeilir An heur «ter
Mrs Wolzenhold found hs body inthe cella:
He had shot bhinse:f throng Che tennie
Past Train for St, Lonwls«
va New York Central~ He Your route leave
Grand (¢ntral Station 430 PM. areve St Louis
vo) mest ev ne Close conneeion for Kansas
City. No exerss fare iar
Voland! Voland! Poland! Poland!

is the purest natural spring water in the world, Ade,

bor this purpose the ‘Tattersall’s Build- |
2, and prepa- |

to announce all |

| married

24 BODIES COME ASHORE,

sue CiTy
PLACED

OF MON.
AT 35,

DEATH GIsT Or
TICKELLO WRECK

Those Who Did Not Drown Vattered to Death
on the Hocks by the Surf Iwo Boatloads
Got Away From the Siokting Ship, but
Only Four Persons Reached the Shore Alive.

Hatirax, N.S, Nov. 11.- Twonty-six bodies

  

 

have col asthiore froin the wreck of the Yar-
mouth ©¢ mauy's steamer City of Monticello,
which foundered yesterday boon a few tiles

Dhirty-five lives were

A clearer aeceount of

from Yaroouth harbor
lost and but four saved

the disaster than has set been given is that of
acting Quartermaster Wilsow Cook He sais
We left St. Jolin at 16 ALM. on Fridays
morning and jmiadea quiet passagelip tos P.M
on Pridas Vhe weather looked tiie for tl
Nightandwethought the wind weo goumtobaul
to the northy Instead the wind «hitted
tO the southweet aft coming thee @ ch the
proiseugre Before 1 oelork ut us blow
ng a wele awnd th sleaumer shipped a
leas seu cleamouug On the forward
sitoon deck and the sturbeard paddle box

She then started to leak We tried to get the
ship before the gale, but found she would not

J was at the wheel from 6PM. Friday

sleer

until 790 A. Mo Saturday, thirteen and one
third hours the captain and elief offfeer
were in the wheelhouse the whole time About

1030 o'clock she cameanto the wind again and

lav there wholly untuanageable uot morning
We could see Yarmouth Cape @bout tive t ts
of at daylight, aud tried to get her off age

but she sttil would mot steer She Was leaking

badiv and the water put out the port) fires in
the stoke tela Lhe engines then stopped and
she listed to port und began to sink

‘About 1) o'clock the captain ordered the
bouts to be made ready and all the passengers
to put tite belts on The port alterbout woes
first lowered and the Jacles gut board, I
wis first in the bert and helped eet the
ladies i qt Herditg was stanchog at the
forward lack when | lust saw
hin ] staurbeard Was howled
to the port side and jatinehed drotu the
boat's davit«

Abunt five minutes
broke in two th
first and the aff stern
five persons standing aft
went down There jad been no confusion,
no outers: in facet, none except the offleers
spoke a word Instead of rushing to then
the passengers seemed to hold back from
the boats. Every man discharged his duty
promptly and) everything ~~ that could
vossiblvy be done was done Phe last
} aaw of the second beat she was
filling alongside of the ship. 2 saw some in-
side and some outside holding ou. F think
there were aboul seven in Ler and they @id
pot wet the forward davit tackle clear befare
the ship went down. The third boat Was the
zine lifeboat, atso launched from port, I think
about fifteen parsons got iu her, They had
oars out and were lying beside the ship. I
did not see her after the ship sank.

We then scudded for the shore, which we
reached in two hours. I was atthe after oar,
the second officer at the rudder, Capt. Smith
(a pausseuger) rowiug the forward oar and
Flemming (third offeer) bailed, As we ap-
proached the shore Capt. Smith looked for 4
ood plaice to beach her and told all hands to
Se read)
sixty vards, struck arock avd broke up, The
next [ knew | was serambling in the surf.’

fhe corrected list of the dead now totals
thirtv-five, The twenty-six bodies recovered
are those of
NHAM, DAVID, Yarmo ith deckband. single; 21
sol
COLE, JAMES; Yarmouth: aged 3i years: fireman;
brother of the Rev. Father Cole, St Patrick's
Chureh, aliam,

COLEMAN, O. W.; Hamilton, Ont; traveller for Levi
Bros,, Jewellers, Ramilton

COPFLAND, HARKS, Lockport: deckhand aged
+ stugle
NINGHAM, WALTON; Cape Islend; mess boy:
ance la years

“LDRIDGHK A, E. 8: crockeryware merchant, Yar-
mouth, passenge

rhipe, d. Co) St
Sons, St.John

GHEIG. CHARLES: chief engineer: IIalifax, aged 45
years. leaves wife and familly.

HAKDING THOMAS M. captain of the City of
Mouticello Barrington, aged 42 \ ears: married

HOPKINS, BEECHER, walter, Barrington, aged 23
years: single

JOHNSON, SWEN.. quartermaster: Acadia; aged 20
years. wife and one child

JOHNSON, THOMAS ©
Kroos, Pictou

McDONALD, ELSI® passenger, daughter Alezander
MeDonald, Yarmouth, formerly of Sherbrooke Guyse

ol our beat
over

firs

after we Jeft the slip
forward part sank bow
first - saw four or
on the ship as rhe

 

  

 

 

 

    

   

  
 

 

Jot@: traveller for D McGee's

passenger; MeLelieu's

 

 

> UWA.

 

|

 

) PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

 

 

BiG BLAZE IN COTTON BITTING,
Eorly Mornt g Flee ta Wother Street Ccuses
6100,000 tamace,

Ablg toto e:tton batting on tle-eco d floor
of the building at 4s acd to) Wallner
street became wot d ot 15 clock this
norn ng probably i ‘ eating

   

  

  

 

The boule s @ [Vestory wou Tame
brownstone front structure ihe basement
and two lower floors are o cupied by D&I
I. Mayer, importers oF Cotten caiting i: d
Had aturers of neenweal The three upper
floors are ceupied by BOOM. Shiin & Co.,
man clurers of wabe basa d parasols

Policomas MeCav of the Leonad street
station dascovered the re sou after it) had
started The department rospended juichly
us usual, but by the tine the engines sot
there ' thinies had spread) through
to the rat acd were Aone hish
Hiten thre three etre warns were turced
i, making four imal Phe tuilaatuay was setnpty
Chagas ol flames and the Arernen were noabls to
enter t. Ti was so hot that it was imposst ile to
stand oo tiecopposite shue anit reet

Phe tite ea pul the water awers tow rk and
ilo KOL Streams of water gaing trom the fools
of the adjotiooa binidings After tlree-quar
ters ofan iiour thes gout Hitas Uncered
trol

Phethr e upper dt - of the building and the

stock on them Wore a total loss Pie second

floor was badly damaged. The stocs ¢ the
first floorandin the basem nt were demiaged
greatly by ver The pobee figured the los
Willexoee d $10 000
RATHER STRICKEN ALT A WEDDING,

Valls in an Apeplec te Fit ta Mis Soa's Bridal
Pro ta a Recover

 

pssion

 

fhree hundred guests gathered atthe Harlem

J.veeum, loTth street and Third avenue, list
night to witness the marriage of Maurice Klein
of 35 Weat UISth street to Miss Kictie Sanecer
the daughter of Mautice Sancier of 1a bast
hightyeseventh street The Kev Dro Kruus
hop! of the Congregation of Atereth Tstael in
bighty-second street, near kirst avernte, ofil-
ciated The wedding ceremony was ovec and

the bride and bridegroom were leading the

march to the wedding supper tables, when an

old man in the line behind the bridegreoin
staggered and fell, ‘This catised considerable
confusion and Mr. Klein turned around aid

inquired what was the matrer
Some one is sick,” Was the reply
continued on his way
had just taken his seat when o
whispered to him that the sick man
father, Herman Klein [his increased the eon-
fusion, but Mr. Klein assured the guests that tis

Mr
to the bridal table

Kir u

lle
me ofthe guce's
Was his

' father’s illness was probably not eerious and

Theo a bia sea carue, the boat rau |

Bure

MURPHY, NEMMIAU. second offver, Yarmouth;
aged 4) years. 0 rea

NICKERSON, LEVI, walter; Shag Harbor: aged 21
years, sige

NICKERSON, ROBERT: deckhand Yarmouth; aged |
4) years, wile and family

OLIVE, RUPER passen@er; St. John: purser of
Steatush'p Prince Edward

RICHMOND. JON, Sussex: traveller for Migneo &
Honecheu, bouts and shoes: Quebec

HINGER, STANLEY. deckhand. Lockport; aged 20
years: single

+» RINGER, WINSLOW, oller aged 25
s@ars. married
TOOLR HPRRERT K : secondenginerr; Yarmouth;

aged 20 years: wife ard one child

Lockport;

,AN EMBURG, FRED, head assistant coos; Pub
nico single

Van Expo RG. WINNE acting head cook: Pub
Nico. aged 1¥ Yeats single

WHITTEMORKE, JOUN. deekhand: Lockport; aged
20 years: single

WICKENS, AUSTIN IL: waiter, Cape Ireland; aged
1% \ ears

WILSuN, Isaac HL Daggagemaster; Barrington;

aged 30 years, wife and one ebiid

Phe other deal ave

PURKP. JOWUN, St John: 31 years old; fireman.
Dotckiore, KonKiG, Vermouth, deckband, aged
S2 years. wife and family

DUNS, Woh, Weymouth, deekhand, aged 23
years. singe

GLOUCESTER, SAMUEL, Liverpool, fireman, aged

 
 

40 years, married

Hitwrosn, Eo M. B; Yarmouth: purser; aged 39
yrars single :

HopwINS, N.C: ehtef steward; Yarmouth: aged 45

ters,

years, wife and three daug
at, colored,

LAWRENCE, Miss sery

  
 
 
  

MUtsh GRORGE: fireman

NeWECLL, HARVEY, frst officer: Newelltown, Cape
Ireland. aged 44 years: married

The saved are) dames bE Fienming, Hali-
fax, third offieer” Wilson Cook, Halifax, quar-
termaster Kate Sintth, stew nd Capt

r Pharsalis,
ot Montloelle

Astor of the st

Angus Sri
ron the ct

Who Was f passenge

   

The Pembroke coast is strewn with wreck-
nae The bodies that pshed oshore were ree
moved toa hall nearby, where they were taken
{fp charge by relatives and friends All the

| bocfes hear marks of the awful battering on
the nooks

Farly this morning the men on the heach
saw the gine Liteboat in the surf. Tt was bat-
tered and near it were four bodies, those of
Eldridge, Poole, Fripp and Azaman All wore
life belts) On the r were blood) stains
Kleven other bodies were found in @roups ina
space of half a mile, and there were ble oa
on the life belts picked upon the beach Watehes

    

statins

 

 

  

 

   

 

were found on two of the bodies One watel
stopped at 1245 4 id the other at us Thieme
men evidentiv came ashore in the life boat,
whiel) Cant Smith and others in the fret boar
whi landed at Pembroke, thought had been
ewarnped They were provativ killed when
the boat «truck the rocks, as the sea wos ru
nitiag ove tins high

4 stran: iroumstanes is thet a boatload
of men from the wrecked shin Peter Stewart
came ashore in duly at a spet en the beach
het 1% rd- from wher he Montieetlo's
hont w foun’ Half of them were killed
hefore reaching the shore

Cant) Harding bod) was found ato noon
on Pickne Point He were an overeent,
rubber boots, and had ona life belt hits face
was slichtl: brubed

The fact that the Cite of Monticello was
(ve old has siven rise 1 the story that
she wa avortt mn per moe wars,
ty th. hall f this port always
‘ e
AP ISA EN SILER ON THE ROCKS,

Refu evan Offer of Assistance and Her Pas-
seugere Stay Aboard,

 

 

 
 

 

Vasxcorvier, Bo, New at The steamer
Ruth, a seo-ton vessel from: Seattle, ran on
the rocks off Chatham Votut on Saturday morn.
ing in a cense fog The accident happened
14 miles from Vaneoeuver on the northern
const The Comes, whieh arrived bere to-
night, brovght the news She reports that
was expected te float * Ruth ono bieh tide
in cou le or dh She had a ll lead
northern treig ut, aeloding a shipment of frozer
tlk for New York All of ler thirty passengers
were still aboard, though the eamer's deck
was tilted ta an anule of 4 deere: ler care
tein refused offers of assistance d when the
temox ot Was getting out anchors over er
tern to help pull het off at high tid

Woode sess Wind Mills eure wind, indigestion and

stomachtroubles 23e Drugeistor 194 b'way. NY
-~Adr
Poland! Poland! VPolsnd! Poland!

fs the purest natural spring water in the world —Ade,

begged them to continue with the wedding
supper while he went away fora while to look
after the sick man

A physician had been summoned When
he arrived a few moments later he said that
Mr Klein was suffering from apoplexy and
advised hia immediate removal to a hospital
Harlem Hospital was notifled by telephone
and an ambulance was from there, in
whieh Mr Klein was taken to the hospital

At midnight he was unconscious. The sur-
geons at the hospital said that there was no
chance for his recovery. He {9 70 years old

sent

TO BELLEVUE, DRINK ENSLAVED,

 

Woman Parishtoner of Dr. Taylor's Put by
Him tn the Liquor Ward to Save Her.

‘The Rey. HH. FP. Taylor, assistant rector of the
Chureh of the Holy Communion, took a young
woran in a cab to Bellevue Hospital last night
and bad her placedin the alcoholic ward The
woman, he @aid, was a parishioner whom he
had known froma child. Sh» had become ad-
dicted to drink, and he had brought her to the
hospital to try tosave her. She was about #2
years old and refined in appearance.

 

ADRIFT IN A DORY.
Gilfoyle Had a Hard Time of It for Ten Hoars
on the Sound.

New Rocnen.e, N. ¥., Nov. 11.—Patrick Gil-
foyle, on employee of the Pelham G: If Club,
Was adrilt yesterday from 9 o'clock in the morn.
ing until 7 o'clock at night on Long Island
Sound. Gilfoyle, with two men, went to Huckle-
berry Isiaud early in the day to fish. While they
were hunting for bait the waves carried their
boat away, which contained their overcoats and
lunch. Gilfoyle, who was a good carsman, vol-
unteered{o recover the boat and wentafter itina
«mall dory, which he borrowed from some boys,
He had reached the middle of the Sound, when
his oars broke and he was left drifting among
the heavy seas. fils boat began to fli_with
water and Gilfovle was obliged to take off one
of bis shoe. and bail with it

After drifting foran hourthe fisherman re-
moved his redundersnirt and attached ittoa
broken oar, which he fastened inthe bow of
the dory withthe hope that the pilot of
passing steamer or vacht would see itand come
tohis rescue. Althouwh several boats passed,
no one ap; eared to notice the fisherman's pre-
dicament, At last, when he was nearl)
from cold and hunger, the captain of a tng dis-
covered him and, taking him aboard, londed
hin at Port Richmond, |.

 

CAME IN UNDER JURY RIG,

 

 

The British Ship Filotshire Narrowly Facaped
Going to the Bottom of the Pacific,

Sav Francisco, Novo it The British ship
Flintshire arrived to-day under jury ria, and
her low tells an interesting story She sailed
from here on Sept. 28 with wheat for Queens.
town, On Oct, 5 a burricane strack the ship
at midnight her
ends and staved in position
for eighteen hours

was thrown on
this dangerous
Great waves broke over

She

    

the ship and the main hateh was repeatedly
under water

Finally Capt) Jones ordered the topninete
cut away fhe storm raged for thirt
hours. and if it had lasted much longer the
ship would bave wone » the bottom All
hands were grouped on the poop deek and
con the forecastle head One thousand
of her cargo shifted and it took @ long time

She was headed fer this
ts and arrived satels
tage to e ship has

The cargo suffered

te right the shit

port under jury

Phe amo
vet heen ascert
ne damage

  

net

STAND OUTSIDE

And as the Snodav-Schoot Children Woud
tur, the Stand he per Was Arrested.

eivps CHURCH,

 

Jal (Jenfeld of is Clinton reet osetomy
so {the West Bnd Presty

eh af tooth street amd Atnater-

Aw etne ) front

n Oh

mm Avene Vest

    

ved for sale a lotoof pink and white wee
The Rev Dr 4. Baleom Shaw, pastor

of the chureh, orcered bit wav, bot Gtenteld

refused to go, saying athe

\ ‘ rivet ere as thee bad iu“

ara ( SUNGAve sed oe Vos
fren as they le
dand beng
vith Pdarseegy ber oe or

were over, the fret

crowded around Ghote
then Dr shaw and Le
of the churel me

Hickew and order

hee 1
Whisesnd

evled | era
feld’s arrest Glen.
feld was I the Wee Oot, street
police station on a charge of 4 ting tt
hh provides against

 

Gale
cked up in

 

itv ordinance wi ie ddhng

on Sanda

Hollet Steel Mille to Start Up.

Jone, 1. Nov. tt. The Ilineis Steel (om.
pany will start all departuients that have heen
coscd down a1 is Joliet plant aweek from
Monday, with theexeepton of che rod mits
there are plentval orderso. band and a stead
rin iromth tdateuntdl dan. t, and ya aby
ailwoter isstirod

Phatt’s Chlorides Instantly Disinfects
sinks, cellars, &e,

the house drains, water closets.

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
fs the purest natural spring water in the world. -Ade,

to-dav; falr to-morrow,

dead |

beam |

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

AN ARMY OF 106,000 MEN,

THAT IS RELIPVED TORE THE NUM,
BERTIE WAR DEPARTMENT FAVORS,

 

General Officcersin the Philippines Agree That
the Force there Should Not Be Reduced
~Gen. Miles Proposes an Army of 85,000,
One Man for Each 1,000 of Pepnoiation,

  

 

WASHINGTON, Now If. In response to re-
quests from the W Department the general
officers of the army t e Philippines have sub-
tuitted eatir ess tothe number of men that
will be required the archipelaweo for the next
Yeur or eo, and ih ocase the officer save that

the forces should not be ceduced, as even with

  

 

the tla bands now forming the so-called
' army 1 WHE be necessary to retain a
large pumber of teen for prudential reasons
intl order heen thoroughly established
Pheer ost ves bawes “ny the military author.
Hies their cue as tot i soinendations te be

ibenitted Cor ¢ r ts cornnlng sesston in
regord to thes veof the wdiitary establishment
While Secretar Root has not determined the
oNue ol wlerof ol rm mendations, if ts
the nnderstundiog amos those so situated as
to have knowledge onthe sulveet that the War
Departnient y iver ! tlonofanarniy

 

  

af ' ‘ “) > desire te to have
Vests tania nent ectablishment
nel ft (loa * present Volunteer
ar ‘ f (any he provisions of the
of Conarress tiust be mustered
ent onor before. ea, 4)
Liew -Gea, Miles has prepared a plan for
e organization of @ regular army on the
fasis of one man for each 1,000 of population,
thus providing a foree of 76,000, the feure. of
t ‘ sis taken this year being used In
r mwever, to provide for @ suffleient
raoer oof artiilerv men to permit) one datty
reief on the eoaust defence fortifications, he
fivors the eubsetment of an additional 6,000
met, taus making a regular foree of 85,000,
or thirty regiments of jafantry, twelve reei-

cavalry, and a corps of artillery,
spot favored by the War Depart-
no definite conclusion
tu be recommended

meta of
Pha

leit proper,

plan
1 although
sizeof the army

 

as to the
lus been reached,

before Secretary Root left Washington
on Friday he received full memoranda of in-
formation and suggestion which he had per-
-onully outlined, and it is gaid that these point
eonel deterpiination that the
Secretary believes that an army fully as laree
is that now inservice, Kewular and Volunteer,

tsively to the

is necessary for all purposes Mr. Root took
vse quenorauda with him to Cuba and will
‘ ider therm on his trip When he returns

swill have probably reached conclusions and
embodied then in the annual report which be
will President) MeKinley before
Conatress assembles

Every assistance has been promised Gen,
MacArthur by the Govertinent in suppressing
the Tawal insurrection, and as he believes
that all his present force is necessary to that
end any suggestion that the army be reduced
will probably be opposed strongly by the Ad-
ministration In telegrephing Gen. Mac-
Arthur in effect that “the President expects
vou to bring the insurrection to @ successful
termination” the Secretary of War said also
that no orders interfering with Gen, MacArthur's
plan of campaign would be sent from Wash-
ington, and it is therefore apparent that the
Fxecutive Government will support Gen. Mac-
Arthur in lis desire to retain a@ large torce of
men

Senator Proctor of Vermont, a member of
the Conunittee on Military Affairs, came here
yesterday expecting to meet Secretary Root
and discuss with him the legislative aspects
of army organization. He will have a con-
ference with Mr Root as soon es the latter
returns from Cuba

present to

ACTRESS EDI(H BOOTH BADLY HURT,

 

 

Mer Brother Sought to Take Her Away Un-
conscious From Harlem Hospital.

Fdith Booth, an actress formerly in

Morrie) Burroughs’s company: her brother
Newton Booth of Pittsburg, and James
 MeQuaide of 1958 Fifth avenne, the

lreasurer of the National Condult and Tube
Company, went to McGown's Pass Tavern last
night for a dinner. They drove there tn Mr,
Mequaide’s light runabout, After dinner they
determined to take a drive on upper Seventh
avenue

As they were rounding the curve from Mc-
Gown's Pass into Seventh avenue the horse
rinaway and ran the wagon Into a tree, throw-
ing everybody out

Mr. Booth and Mr. MeQuaide landed on thetr
and eciped injury. Miss Booth fell on
herhead, winch hita bia stone. She got a bad
scalp wound and was kucoeked unconseloua,
At the Harlem Hospital the #urgeons said that
did not believe the skull had been frao-
long-continued uneon-
rer eemed to indicate that it had been,

Mr. Booth and Mr. MeQuaide brought a
stretcher anda carriage to the hospital end
announced that they were going to take Miss
Booth to the Cadillac, They put her on the
stretcher and carried her down as far as the

feet

they
tured,

Isness

althouah

  

 
   

reception hail, when Dr Muller, the house sur-
eon, Intertered

You cannot take that wirl away from here
to-niaht hie saad She ois still unconseious
and is bkels to die in the carriage on the long
ride to FPorty-third street lier skull may be
tractured after all, and tf it is she needs hoa.
pital care You ist det her stay here until
the moruinw atleast

Mr Boot) reconsidered his intention and
decided to allow his s roto reryain in the
hospital
, Att » Cadilve it was sald that the Bootha did
not live there

WOMAN DIFFS IN 4A CHURCH,

Saccumbs to Heart sease While the Mora-
vian Services Are in Progress,

While the hh progress ig the
Moravian on avenue and
Thirtieth str orning an elderly
wis ‘d rather late and had
ir pews, became tll,

 

were
Lexi

vesterday 1

 

sery lees

   

ireh at

an, 1 id enter

 

taken a seat in one of ther

 

 

Hiv the time an usher reached her she waa tn-
conseionis Dr King of Twenty-ninth street
and basing ivenue was summoned, but
wher roved he pronounced the woman
d I he sald, was probably due to
' ‘ lhe serviees were stopped while
t hod - removed to the ante room of the
\ lhe woman was recognized as Mrs
& Tr wv, whe lived with ner brother-dn-
| VW rv | Wessels, at 282) MeDonough
atres Mire Tevier was6S veare old and had
ten seen at the services in the chureh

\ ine ther removed the body to Mrs

! r's he n Brooklyn

NEAT ELECTION TaeenorKow,

 

This Is for the Democrats Oniv Repadbliteans
Voted Last Week.

 

 

The lion James Olwer of Paradise Park,
head euardian of Col William Je onings Bryan
when the Neorask is in New York, walked
nto the faith Avenue Hea Inst) evening,

v his first appear ‘ er elor mn CAs
liver Was greeted cord s by the oceu-
pants of the ay eo corner
What ie going « ! ' wked the City
Maw strate, wl ' tte
‘ rospuende Mr ‘ 1 understand
that ther oe .t omneee i \ loesday
ter the diet ‘ tepubei ais @oted
t the last ‘'
Through the Heart of Natore
the P ' t + Vest follow
eu as ns Ade.
Poland! Ueland! Poland! Potand!

fis the purest petural spring water in the world Ada

 

<<

Su

aoe

—

ne at Ekg es

=

i

 

ect

a

}

19
y
q
: