ORL D, | Carous whee long runs elcetrited ihe cron BIG TURNOUT ON SPEEDWAY
IN THE ‘FOOTB AL L W tL aver the country. Miller, another | crack : 2
| half baek, as withdraws Then ents Pleree,
a one of the finest guards who ever played foot~ : > . AS
» SHOULD BE A TWO TO ONE) bill, never has been replace His big brother, | CONSTANT PROCESSION or FAST
: PRINCETON Hawley Pierce, a tine tar has just come HORSES IN EXCITING BRUSHES.
2130 ITE OVER PR Vout of the ho-pital and his absence has weak aa ee
Fenad the tenn 25 per cent \VIth De® ANT stow sitter, a New Arrival, Steps Two Fast
. cyarded a8 an Ale eee need ain the places OF a F
rhe New. Bevis a , indie IOe | eek ce Pee en tad that NAO Quarters—The Syracese Pacer Wastorla
ae rg a 7 nd Heiter Against Warre ws had a difffleus task before Wilkes Attracts Much Attention—Nathan
Vigers ew a vla's Satest Excose, | hi the indians, however, are gaine Strvas Is Out Behind sive. and Cobwebs.
Cola nbt,?- Pennsyivant’ ; . id : to jeurt Jheir only fault
} ' ’ the Joat ten days na he lency to | : heart when they find tha Nevar did the Speedway present a more ahi-
“! ved thin jn ‘ len ' ! ,
Gh form ‘Gish “ P t ' bein ooutpl On Siturduy mated appearance than on yesterday morn-
' Yale should be a 2 tet fay 7 ever Prit : ‘their | . dis i that the \ "ing. ‘Thousands of pede-trians walked to the
; slave etl rineeto none - ' . kiek « awittl '
vhern those eloy eu ° a vis “ “t j fo eer they upper stretch, crowding the sidewalks for
reurday Vi ‘chit me : i" Higa eaignt e od word the close more than a mile The footing was good and
j how Yale can loo n NeW ‘ ney he game and al he ef ds.to ‘ving he horses appeared to take to the sport with
nrwesed of rut " * ne ' ht hem for node 1 a
ea : : ‘w \ iat We ‘y slonbad Yale and the Quite as much enthusiasm as did their drivers
f ure de {I ' i vr : ‘ ‘oe ndian malin a uot Yale eeuld do this There was a constant procession of noraes
eee iy | : ¥ I ar ihe a i f n ating two and three deep. drawing all sorts and con
r che ! sii i ive dioplaye ed ‘ ‘ he in “
heen coached 9 dugg ( but Sanford ale ven thi«x thine will ditions of genicles, Jogging of walking alon’
: » 4 ion ’ jew than the men I i mn an 74 ul ‘
eae terre ‘ 1 i good Carhisle with confidence the east curb toward the upper end and a suc-
' ' Yors a
rineet: ’ . ' ; ' aad cession of brushes down on the opposite side
hile | ‘ hee at ed bv | t "} . ai er sot dy . aa
ear, wh ' es = ' anf Levey 8 pacts ee te ‘They caine down so fast that it was an utter
t} t woot team to t Yale's secret practi , !
oth Cornett ' ; ; u i en a ds wre mndoer wis ft ed heeause impossibility to always distinguish which
verry Yale ‘ ois vets h .-= a szed fiarvard mar sermng te the were the real contestants. One set of brushes
nee of ba ° ¢ t to seore touct 4 “a . he t hea
ie t nog arae yin Nacho oMineesh lace from, would be padsing the (inshing post with agother
| f ' New ven ers {a ‘ w diigrar ‘ r \ or
oi ee ; . ee lor ores ‘ fr ne fv mare roint ‘ strands i It is eet right on thew wheels and still others pound-
‘ beat , . oa. ia J
18 Tse DERN : " ' 6 ) wager that the Harvard coaches did ing down on every part of the road from the
! { " ‘ on ‘ lave =
sure and Golan 1 icle ved Prince by 1 send “Lawr 1 \y tlave Tor Any bead to the point of rocks
the ) sroediin mes of the ia avery ls { vere i as
vine a ! « ‘ ’ | ’ Nae hae sting in the inqorest. OF It was great sport, and the merry crowd
ae i tly . ao that « ' es brace | . “ t
oes the ind , { " eT ata Harvard ne wild ot hase admitted his envoyed it enti about 12 o'clock, when a sl ghet
acnins ' al dey ’ pission hie discover ' One eprin le caused a «eneral scurry for shelter
Ile by ' reins ' st iweive ” Vale tostit “ we is ; :
int still the facet id be forgotten <4 ¢ ! ° ‘ nally and A new arrival yesterday morning was Alle
! allt ' firon | Pitt Was | fter must have | Prout, the Boston trainer and driv wit the
| F e mae eS } ate 4 i an pacing gelding Moth Miler, 2.07, by Al-
ere e pre j t erocatie eore ; : : ;
t diteh Jie Y ‘ ’ toe thew i the bie wames {it ia | cantara, dam Lrsty Miller, by Triceps. The
‘ Ps ‘ iiwavs t e that © @levens put Hoston sidewheeler, although just taken off
n 1 end a a erin and year the cars, aowed that he is able to make it
e wh ' ‘ eat t r ~a) ft ne nie .
Me ' e t t Yale was troublesome for the crack pacers. Trout out
} 1 big ' . , es ' {o rit ia tretts him loose tor a quarter of a mile on tie upper
a ad i es nt lary itd aE Terlavers  aretch ttn d's Be and on the lower stretch
fan fal ! nl Yale e Indians on Saturday « tots,
! \ \ e@i«g tet " “ steoped fin a quarter in 28's eeaconds
! ! plar Ap hes new one Was the chestnut pacer,
New iA f s ') Pastoria Wilkes, 213, by Anderson Wilkes,
\ erer ‘ ’ t ,
e ! ) fat i f ' whieh has just been sent here from Syracuse
eral ile | 4 te ade
wat | ed t hy the owner, who formerly owned Pilot Boy,
: ’ , Se the fast gray trotter now the property ol
\ Hoatine a li s ee te ee Frank Work, and Sicceas. Pastoria Wilkes 1s
. ‘ ae ; We e Y wing driven Ly Mact Demarest, who yesterday
* ‘ ‘ i ¢
{ licens tt ! e re. Ant 8 for the first tine satin a one-man bike speeding
rite bo " Ae as yi wagon and be is not very favorably Impressed
v ' ; ; ; f rte. with it sivle of velolea. “I never rode tn
Mio ifn hie be OFS ‘ neoof those wagons before,” he & ‘and |
{ “ q Hlirware \ raid Pi jue in an oldetime ca ith but
rite t t may thinee es in the wheels than to chance if
: ait ‘ {ft 1 the little tore rags
ard pr Hie was trying the ehestnut pacer's aneed
ge oe be ‘ ’ . ‘ ‘ dow rte vend, with no idea of brushing
‘ y t raed ' Ae Serine with al one, wien he noticed a man three
' it Ne ‘ ie er four lengthe in .ront looking around aa ff
eed , hetioueni toe chestnut wasarier him, laking
west \ erda ‘ bg! : “Wineeh ORANG the lint, Demarest set aail tor him and was
‘ 1 t ‘ e ! . - Machnlvie Was | in the jead before the man realized that he had
: Sir ate nels AW MATRA tod wen overtaken, Pastorla Wilkes ket going
i nd ' had received 3 e eld oe ay Sia arica RaRene ii yist fast enough to keen the other driver think-
; 4 i fle P| s Pets Nene tt Xtaer Ea ' Ing thotin a stride or two more he would tike
eon ee aad ‘enopointed "] vad, until they passed under Washington
f ! ¢ ix sul cuey ere Borat acer oem a, where Demarest ; ulled up
} i ! ¢ ‘ cane id No wx 1 Mersey are wine yah ‘ nostr ‘er red Cobwebs through
! ‘ "2 ‘ \ I oe . a tes » the aprer stre twice and then wot unm be.
\ . ‘ ‘ ‘he : <a a ta whit do hts erack trotter Alves He brushed
fj Sritice ad ve hitihe Bive th aver . tr a a team ia nop down ata good exerctsing galt with John ¥
\ vA " : ‘ ee oeeeiiae Se aes cca denies * ) Cockerill'a Swift and finished In front. but
else \ te ft t . ened 7 . ve did not eall tt a go. The second time down
? i aja rye “ ¥ aay , oo thee went a stiter pace and swi't made It
eleven and : sealerday to @Ato’ Wule | NtePeatine until the point of recks, where
’ ' ie ‘ Li ‘ uw © { Ww yeater ” be tl Pe Alves let ont a link an two and fashed past
ers rnnes he wore a ind no Na ath ne tthe nasat_a good oren length In front, There
| the rust tine where he dinot he easily plehed | oo eo thatantacee;, had been an engagement tor a go. between
; So far as Youn is cont 1, he \ surday That Any eevee vias and Alderman Hughes’ fast trottar
i] have tlaved ea ' hen ‘ K hits ty Lp xeainst Nn Edo Locte, but ovine to the latter's driver
tet eoarnble ‘lof the t ‘ aM ee rm be not arriving in time the brush was postroned
th bata d beheve th : air ate Waleta ia FE. Eo Smathers with his sovrel pacer Snhinx
1 ‘vin Veen do resort to ees ore vole up by the Blue . Shad two rattling brushes with Dr. fl A. Kane's
jeastires tad npeara up to them to prove , Meh, and the as points role up by we Darel, but Dariel ens ly landed in front each
a that the erely a baseless sar SAG A SUED e Popte as it was Us time In dashing down behind Laura W,
‘ pleasag a are: : ed ie: elie aint Dr Kane displived wreat akill as a reinsman.
i At the Untvercit ennevivania ther are | Uline wa he a ‘ i " ae yy tooling the raure between two wagone reing
* rying to esy v il ard stopped the ck tale Ge . are hae “he in the same direction, There was barely room
guards 1 | i rhe lest ¢ Ine : coh ia ta “uF © ane (ene enough for him to get through, but he accome
Test novel et efss it rier Bas . 4 ed in nown teat plis} he feat without a serateh. Laura W
aires v pro i fore the er vs on Collebe on ‘eas hooked to alde-b ir wagon, which was some.
Pennsvivanin ca 4 spanned the b ime aie ANd ve What of a handicap, but she easily took the
( tony ¢ Pand wave dur 1 week wae wonde Inensure of Mr. Stout's sorrel pacer Teddy
i aa ’ tae | 1
" oa ' teraves ber ts Khiees wid CaM rie wan ' ‘anes F red Dietz did quite a lot of senting with his
etl no so, Harvard knew. that ‘ kupon. S-eret pr ace hav mare, Mise Overton, and led a banch ©
the ball was at ' eatin plav and e + a op ohimey trotters past the winning post two or three
rwar pron ‘r ‘ sith tie ¢ dian of mes. The elover little chestnut pacer, Ata-
i tthe br “ue Mn the und porn hiies wl peecig. teka,. driven by A. L. Kerker, was going fist
fr Bho tu tosivaup!eriean. Yue'la eneveh te head everything he went aga nst
erives ' vame voaterdé ive Princeson men a god until he tried with Mr. Smith's James. They
Ind M Canee ie ant won thes vie of p avand the ude the road warm down from the bend,
vard { wave Biues, and the authorities here will undoybtedly lame L drawing ahead ax they neared the
y i ¥ nates tial aie . a ‘ finial and winning by a length
instances ef off ‘ Ree GARa, ie me “ba nea 1 fies Cine oF the most ex iting brushes of the day
have heen t » at ph th ak eth bbl ined he cme i " equ d. | a8 between CoC. Tow ae chestnut trotrer,
i eouid , r PAE nontrs lo : ~ ‘. Pichard B. Michael Peid's fast bay trotier,
bi Davai b ableto cevin work again teem row | 7 8 ett me \
means that Coach Woodruff evidenth ®- | and lode ' ap roved, so t.at he, farmer, and N. Flie's Fred Proctor, They
ieves that et plav must not bea ished | aie, seme t ta prONemy were heads on until half way down from the
nd that J Hitimatele ha anecesatil, | ©27 CF) Cente en hend, when frst one, then another of the trio
Meanwhile it tuitht be well to find out whether ‘ ars ae vee wert to a break, and it was a see-saw brush
the Pen Lociarter hacks in 1898 and STRACA, NOY. bh LOT ens to buckle on | 4, the finish, Farmer having 9 shade the better
899 wave the sn: tv just as Graves did her acmor for her list two c on'ests th » wees it. Mr, Stout's pacer, Teddy Look, showed
; any t A ‘ a | The wor which th i d int : Oberlin se way down to Mr. Main‘s clever pac ing mare,
. : ; [ ‘ ded t wurde) @, and avm a- Mey s {ah
‘ The Colur Varsity has another important | FeO ee re ee et ee Miss Meander, ina close finish,
: cw eae lo pliv next Sa ae iv, when the m an t ers re not evo ine ‘ r team cannot Cant, ¢ WH) Mer ‘nald drove the Rreoklen
Hy woo to Annapolis t eet the Naval Acadein doteat both Lafay tre an Py Nssivinia Note) nana, Piney, and did some lively sculling until
‘ team The. hd ave been plaving a Wihs andnet el Sitnens Cornel’s tachies, he ataried down with Dark Secret and finished
stron wane all the fall, Prineeton beatir the line is in very geod cont Hun At neend. James Meclennahan, with his black
them only 5 to.0, and they fee) quite eontid rist enard, is putting u “ Pea rnd NA lane Masia, had a warm dismute with G. W,
of outolaving Sinferd’s me Tne Columbia " develo ed into an exce ti ne | Wilder'« Girlie and passed the finishing post
2 plave vill all be trim, but they will be w e.g ? AL xander's yur eps a length to the good. Dr. A, D. Gill's raney
oun ar , 5 t t gaoes, but b- hashadago a > &m . phi <
3 t the services of Quarter RB Svke ’ WO RA : Ae ; pacer, Jack, and F. Smathere’s Shins
his place voung Boveson + sand the | (un tiute t Tueder Jitter ow lahs oly | haya Sruelling brush—in fact, one of the closest
! atte } s the 1 ale , star Couwh 16) pounds, bu e | 2 Pi tn dn contests of the dav, Ther came into sicht
Sanford has refrained from d wing the . Willen go to § hy ry at Until aroun d the bend head and head and stubbornly
i mepeors Nae catrainnd | un ee 1 cant Cornell vac : , Duta t ¢ ght every inen of the way to, the finish,
Vo elev : a fh ie t . numberof tv rad aver tiene vais @ig leadin vast the post by only a secant
t O Donates hy ee © sald Toh hattap | the Varsity hard fe vse Th s de ack pers a,
OLUTNDA € " te ? ' ¢ ry { t been frie t ” +4
tna Tac aneon ; n | aoe cergve themo-tme te pee } edat Capt. Bovee with the bar mare Rertie R,
he re aw nin the art of f fake witer back und at mas had t.@ chowed the wav very handily to Mr. Koselle’a
Nt rt i : att t a *. iy 7 wr ate t neems at end coacle feeie n- trait Damiana, the chestnut welding which
eae ce a | foie POT fident that he ean ber Hed upon in a big e9mMe | Yathan Straus formerly drove to pole Baby
VY in floeennt wend = He hasn't a eur Bernice, the chestnut trotter, driven by Fred
"7 estir atin: ' M ppoLPTown, Nov tt Gerken, was in eplendid form and showed her
i the nost vesterd heels to several of the brigade = John Donnelly
Te there nt factory to drove his favorite brush horse, Glenmere Boy,
Well, hardl ball in Wes bot did not try his @speed against any of the
of the other penents Ki speedy set Trainer Isaac Fleming etepped Col
anot ; re nade costly ; st Fred Lawrence's “atay ghoat",Carlyle Carne, the
algeria ‘a the ball on yen ard line The horse that beat Cobwebs, through the stretches
a cian atnenel 114s other day that Sanford'’s | defensive pl hasimproved more ata good clip, but did not eut him loose in the
ealir e hin was ¢ that @ than Su pe ’ at two weeks rushes I. Whitehead'’s team, Saratoga Belle
' efore Columbia ee Hota wo) Much of the improve enti tothe excelle: Hii Lyate, Were & lig steady and were senta very
at a had beater a w«lruf, the work Coaches H ond and Corbis lhe fast quarter” © R Jdarvis drove the Dude, one
Penns Ieatia anach. teeelven G20 4 ve rfor | Mass-in-tar kle wedge plas { the quarere of the old stars of the « _ ve, which was thought
his eer vines and vet 8 rls record tak Pa kige ,  btck double-pass trick practical won for to ba broken down but is a@ain showing cone
ila in two cathe ia superior to Woodruff ¢  Weslevan against Dartme ws both of these wider ible speed tipereat ‘oleman did some lively
Penne ivania in the first two seasons the latte were vor for good gains. Wesleyan's 1 ith the fast little mare, Hattie Walters.
took | ‘ld oo , 7 : . ; remaining games will be ot plonship con. Ve liv’s Mahlon was not going — s0
=e tests hh Williams and Anherst. The team steadily and was beaten out {tn two brushes
: New York Univer 1 for the rernainder of the seas willhe eonehed T. Hahn figured In several brushes with his
f dies cipted over the def | be Hammond and N ‘Land every effort bay gelding, George Wallace, with varying
t Saturday be Trinity Coll | will he made to im ve the defensive k iecesae JW Cornish was out behind his old
; confident of victory whe andthe line The tenn has Vetrengthened favorite, David B J. P_ Baiter drove Fire
: rf the aorning. hut the ate hy plaring Corscorde half back and Dodds, Gilt down with the bunch several times Mr
eleven waa ere thy our j in his old place at q r back j Paul drove the bay trotter, Our Jack, formerly
; Korke and Coaeh Hateh took the team sorely | - owned by Nathan Straus, W. ¢ lark, with
: ‘4 task afterthe game This w eek th enw | . ° . | his bae pacer, Little Barefoot, was prominent
‘ fo nt t! toh th vereat tr Kicking Under Gaetic Rates {n several bunches Mr Mevere of Newark
as it is te malized that only the moat stringent | The last game of Gaelic foorball for the | drove Blerclo Girl, the bas mare that the vet-
m ethods ean prevent a disastrous coneluston | ey : eran Pete Mance handled lastspring and thought
t to the asoOn Manoger Gould , | chammionship o the (reater New York and she could beat ansth Ing on the Sreedway
. week that the ganie with I for a eup offered be former Sheriff Thomas former Alderman Huet 108 drove Udico along
; v eni i ¢
. which waa to have been played ‘ vy | Donn was plaved at Celt Park vest rday. the curb and enjoved the sport '
} le N take ¢ dan t's ter fits » tea of t} ne nlavioe eve The afternoon ere wd was Ren so large as
at Ohio Field, wi ce ple n Friday A mir ac wt Plavts e ever f : ah _— 7 : t th mane
noon at the request of ¢ New ‘ seen t t endron the O'Conne defeated Mi altho en ate 1 number - 1@ , y
int and Brennan are expected to » bone thero ynena, the Koekhom yy 1 points vialastic drive - wn « ae of a wetting
‘hen, and if Lane is able to play, it will be the | tot Forthe victorious fifteen \\ Harris sored | and drove through the stretch
first time this season with i 63 prionofthe | six p s ee
pening @ime, that the full arsity te “4 » 4 E RROOKLYN SPPRFEPDWAY
ween in the eid Che freehinen will play their | Football Notes, Ov In ce .
t 2 of the tt eld th vr. | a
fret gue of fhe sear at Ghia Pied his after | sew Rrowatayn, Wis, Now it, —Barnard | dm Spite of @ High Wind and Cold Weather
the * cannot riak the lossof a tam not | OShaughnessey of Steller tea, who was hurt here in There Were Many Fast Steppers Oat.
ne eehmen oon that te w he afothail game on ‘died Sesterday of pert ; {
' wed ¢ | + det Shs detente t ‘ In spite of cold weather and a high wind
wer Oo ‘ ' ‘will deprive "tres r ' ‘ , \ S
: f the tess of Rackor . ; {At Lewis sale Hueknell Untverstty | chruedon the B ooklvn Speedway yester-
f guard. Johnsen, end, ar il cc . ae ne Aad ay ae Ra ere Ie | day there was a goodly turnout of harness
} p. B. dane, 1002, has bean < lege bscore | Norses, while hundreds of «pectatore lined the
y ind he has turned out 9 good eleven : ’ 7.
. — t Jasper (val yes sy afternoon morethan two road along (Lesices from Twenty-second ave-
5 s ; ’ and We ¢ t nme Db t ’
x The abuse of the side line rule, which fa sup- | Rows od verso watch dg ibe game between ihe | a down to King’s Highway to eee the bruehes
; pope to limit the rer he ert th a ofeach com \ t Y int Mngiueers \frer one hours plas James Shovlinwas out with Chanty, reoently
petting team to live, isc aren ease her teat one :
' tection on the part ot the f ate rr ' oa. Wieh i ee Se ; = presente | tohia ty Ri herd Croker, Heoame
; he season ends, While it hast ed ORANGIT. Nov Much dignation was caused down from his st bles eorly inthe morning, acd
that there should be apenalre for thes t Se > ge : Kn roe here anotanyth ng outthat coud giv im
i of the rile, such asatel ‘ ter bee hi . atehtforthe onors. Chanty was fullo going
no geod reason wt the role tte \ C. tee ; from sta t to fini-o
red 60 that evervbody exce ers This te the « There ws a fotht on between the automo.
t Meials and one trainer lor ea en i ed ‘ue Diists atd the Speedway. drivers. Several
% @ excluded irom the sid i 4 he third noracedentsand three bro en wagons are
j ‘oben aching, then w oe the + ~Aleee he resuit of the last three days on the
: needed we lines line rl thie i on fa!) Spedwos, and the Pleasure Drivers’ & soe 4
RK ’ do r work t , I wn Hey enof Bre va, through Presid ot Willi M
n home, but the ble inte ¥ good | Clack, pro oes to ascertain tt Park Conmiis-
coptests mer ue | o vr ( ! Browefea not stop the auto-
‘ and si 1 be } i ‘ moblas 4 use the Speedway daeontin:
} g A way out of Nieulty « { Hasketball Notes. j them t sdepaths, A tew ot the drivers
be the erection of 4 ng vw a | \ fast va ae WAS fF aved in the go mnasium of the | who werecut yesterday were
f side of the teld, so fenced : . rrenpoint ¥. M. c. A. on Saturday night, the °t 1, F. Tillottsen with hie team Ruby and Prine
oaches and ac able wet } fetes f vthe Active FC. team of e’aterson | wood, that tool the measure of several competitors
on the plavir " lta | , we 7 , | oonth® sae dows to the Parkwiy Club hou: Fred
i “ 1 i plan] The re vilor seison of the National Dastvetball | eric G. Lem mermann. driving bish ¢ g lding Doc
ha { ere 48 iT 1 ‘ tege con Satu day t< der tettore:: William Trim b nd bis bee gedine
nipue ¥ m4 en's ‘ e apone e ! ‘ con atta gaint? Mil.wule iwaré FB, 2:22'y John F. IM wee with |
; Dlavers 18 ne ess Londe e present . . ! rT) a: Ife aronwt natr of browne, Glit er
litions traimne ‘ ‘ ! he New Y on. son ante, Ju we and Mrs Ly: ch of Mas
ime, ostensio » Seong t i" e ’ Tent ous r ' 7 “t Riege withibe gay e& ne ctor, Hiehard Tracey
} yore t ‘ r { f he fee w ¢ - : K palro hen ingt 2.28'j. and Biren’
t M 1A { bet vw York teain @ 4 Temi , “ ton with his
found * ear ith tt i 1 Tr , ’ t ‘ d the «! pon, had tere g gelding Rowok iaat had ely bru. with
ih Lege! ie n of | ' t ’ ' ‘ ' m fz arr arenee, Grvlig ti daew tare Lucille
) * ™ ey P t : ; . er cane. paved att rs r m wianteg hal a leogt Nat Ward with
ma ve oe oy - ‘ “ . . “ *< goudlog Quarter St > ih; Jamies ¢
3 9 t ° ‘ a a 1 yac i Qua r a - (6, Jam ,
the side lines t . ‘ | ‘ ta, he r x acs " Raimst da allen ériv ny his Say mare Georgena: Capt Wil
Tt haa heen ope charewed ty | t nd | 7 imo -tiveta, Wo OH. Glynn's Mowerer, Join
° Penns) ivania Colllege 1} I n wo KAMCS Bere F ws ir Savare’s cyminasium | sehliemann's Contab, Georze Tinkea's speedy bar
has been s sarerof instr as from | 08 Satur it ne was ene sided Tomar, by Aleautara; Dr. GB. Hurd, driving h
the Priy ’ Yert © is a Tule it | a ¥ WAS Cicer ehouga TO Aut ORY tags he-tiout mare \nnie; Fred Moore with Keno, 21
prot s ‘ nv k \ $ e A Be ee eee York and the Progress | ya Fiyn, dw ng Woy ‘aside 221; FG. Denntson.
' Jo not s@en te willing t ie by thes ] Ase of Brooklyn furnished the “curtain raiser hel driving Spendtheft, 22044: Serator MeCarty,
herefore the ' ' M mje “ n by a score of 48 to J. “The tearn | 4 g Frid. Moody, 21 a ¥ G. Lemmermann, J’.
fe Lines " erin ' HOW ae the : 4 P New Vork Deatand | diving Ns tom, Deacon and mate. B. T. Bedford
Voy ne ” Vial h fustitete and the tonal A. C. team of Hroob wil Gen Shafter: Henry Mu ler, eriving Mille K..
# Biles ¢ w! an then or ' t rst balf Was a corker, and , i +Fortuce with nis Green sidewherler
reeoaches, 9 . i ‘ j forte of the “Sent” players to eeore | Sepeg
;' % a wints me tor ¢ tovals Gricy and | cai
j ’ ‘ eoup | oopefert rt Aid y “or enest | & dee Toler’s tty «t Wiper Mirenus Moran, had
‘ x lihs- ' ’ rid stiers, and the ne | a bros wit Fronk Ch ders elostuut mare
rina | 4 ‘ my und Me worn the ¢atae | Biiendorf, the latter winning by a ie.eth and @
co : The mints to dG hol at the end of the Speedway, Geo ge L.
ee Se Rieke hack, | Pollard’s Alwia Croton ant TL 4cnning s Mille
aia . e and. lam © net Dea | New dercey Real Fatate, wood hadt vw. rettie teontest of th: day, Alivia
to ‘ ~t ‘ ; ‘ -
me “Se ena Wien Wena t 1008 | suburban and otherwise, Read speeal article in to. | winning by alen th. J, N Covert wit! ihic be
an ths Seeitnins colnet ken, hats Nie SUN. bag? 1) Phe advertising columns etl | pacing stallion, Lawrence W., nade the & wed-
le are tis Eaolineice Late < missed ound uselul is a @ rectory for your conventence, | way lively for quite a while, taking several good
: © Reet-footed half t Seneca and Var ones inte camp be ore he quit tor the day.

            

a

 

{

|

|

|

 

 

ATHLETICS
“Piak”’ Adams Wins Columbia's Crosse Country
‘ Mee.
Columbia's fall cross-country meet was

held over the Morris Park course on Saturday.
Thirty-eight men started and all except one
flaished. “Pink’’ Adams, the former
runner, who is now in thecolur ~ Law School,

 

     

   
  

 
 
 

  

 

    

      

         

     

 

          

  
  

won, He was elosely followed bys
of the University of Georgia oad Duden, whe
was leading until he caught a eramp in the
last lan. The order of isl) was

Adams, ‘05 law. Marshall, 02 law; Duden, 02 law
Kertholomew, ‘02 law; Kictmond, ''2 setence
Igiehart 2 college; Hopes, 2 college, Oppen
heimer, feoueg Sharpes A college O'Connell
'4 college; Keeler, ‘0S cole@e, Crocker, * sclence
Mitor, ‘od science: Igienart (1S colles Baker, ‘0.
law; Hutson, ' 12 science; Spencer, 4 college, Wels
man, ')4 estes Saguinett, ‘oh setenee; Menocay
‘0S coll Be: Switzer, ‘0S Jaw; Lubols, “Ol scene
Merries, dow: Marttio 8 colleg eorenia, (0)
colege feholl 2 law: Strauss. - aw sat a
cules An. . OS college: Bru se “a lieg
Hus § ee kiur 3S coredke: Knoll,

wohiamiit 2 inw Ae. 2 law: Wile ‘84
colleke, and Sehoentelt

Stoutenberm, ‘4 eeilua , twisted his hoe
in the tirst lap and dropped out The « '
consisted of tour laps around a one tudie and
hine--iXteonths elreuit with eleven obstacles
eorsisting of hedges, fences, Jump: and water
JUIN bes \danis, Loud farsa) and Crocker
led in the first lap in the order unrned and tu
the second lap was Marslit Nelotans, Doce
and Bartholomew, In the caird eireuit. Pn
Took thie id, followed by Adatus, Marst
fd Bartholomew and the first three re
the hormestre bore breast and! ae
anexcithig finish ve minites atte
the ff nan sol , re ail the
comestants had e do the jine. A
fime was 3S minite dott se ids for

xaundathalfy - The} ner was aware
to the law sehoottegm dor its vietory and cla-
me Nroes to the orhers

[he lacrosse season was opened at Columbia
on Saturday by a game between the ‘Varsity
and “serub teanis, who are known as
Hines’ and “th Whites thes luy was hard
and tue ‘Varsity won t} tose se 4
woals to 3 Lindsay, Bandler and Couy all
passed accorately and syvot well. Coach Miller
Will make these warmies tie eure his train-
ing metiods tuis ver and as the number of
candidates is contir wily ding, a ninber
of Rod teams are lo id the cham-
pior banner at Columbia e it is at

present
Columbia Oval is ringing nowadays with the

 

   

      
 

riffia re: aofthe university markanen ‘The
meo am practising for the fall shoot to be held
on Dec J for the selection of a team eantain
Phe aquad has been increased by the following
? a: WOW Comatoe., “ yee JW Cary,

acience Co FO W. Bateson, science Cr
}. Parish. 0? acjence PB Mackie, °64 college,
and © R Rose, ‘02 scienea Cant. Hiidreth
i doubtful whether Colimbia will be able to
enter the intercolleaiate shoot at Princeton
on nex? Saturday, aa many members of the

elib will be abaent representing the untversity
on other athletic flalds

Candidates for the ay mnastio team are work
{ng steadily inthe “eavm” under the envervision
of Dr Watson L Savage, the phveical director
of the university, and ciustav Rolie, the evme-
nasticinatructor © Fastmond will eat tain the
toam durin’ the winter, ond the acuad has been
enlarcved be thea advent of gv mnaste from other
colleges, among whon is WL Otis, the tar
nerforner of tue 99 \aleteam. Thosein train-
Ing are

C Faatmond. ‘01 etlece:
Ward. ''t college: Vid) L. Farle,
S Osbern, S clases J C
sconce, BE J. Swart,’ 2 seiener

2 ecienes; E. W. Schuster, ‘92
MelLintock “98 eolleve: LL.
R_ Shaw, ‘038 actenes, and F
ce llege

In the swimming nool Prof. Holrovd }
examined 206 froshmen from the college end
achools of anniied science. Of the 02 collece
men tested 25 were unable to awin and 1
of 114 In the achools of avnlled actence requir
instruetion. This fs ne being a with
the eomnulsorye ern houra

Owine to rough water e fall reentta of
the unfeerstte was poratnoned on Soaturdar
for another week, FOS) Rares, ‘24, will nre-
sent cups to the members of the winning crews

    

71. Ward. "1 law; F.
‘OS selene °
Smaliweod, ‘a
D. Ms \pinstead,
eeclence: H M
Sivage, clene

B. Benjamin,

"0g

n

ne

yasinm
t

 

  

 

OLYMPIAN GARR FOR AMFRICA4,

Chicago Favored tor the Weerttng of World's
Champtone in buad.

Special Cable Despatch fo THR SUN,

Pars, Nov. 11 —KBaron P
the reviver of the Olympian gar
correspondent of THe Stun tat the
fast voted to hold the next quads
in 1904, (n the United States N
Chicag» are the candidates for t f
thus receiving the world’s ath'etes, and tho
committee i¢ waiting to see wilh city offers
the more induce nents before deciai ng definitely

Baron de Conrbertin has received fron Preai
dent Harper of the University of Chicago
an important letier which evidently makes
the Baron feel in favor of Chiesgo, and |
wishes have such great weight that it la perhay
not (oo be!d even now to predict that the mee

ing will take place at Liongy

erre da Courhertin,
ate
b ward
a meeting,
w York and
18 honors of

  

¢ a the

has

 

 

8

 

   

    
    

 

    
  

Cnrcaco, Nov. 11--The fact that Preai-
dent Harper 9 started the ball rolling to
secure for Chic » the Olympian ati sof
lu = owill no do Culme 43 & surprise fo the
majority of those interested in intermationul
sports It ts said tt Dro Harper intends
to entertain the athletes on the tnest fleld
{n the world ihe ioor games, should it

be necessary to hold any under roof, will take

 

 

   

 

place in the gyi im
It iS usverted ti uns have already bear
set on foot at the uni to have Marshall
Field rushed to cor It is intended
to include the two bl now inelosed into
one fleld with a high ornamental fence sur-
erounding all, A minning track will clreie tne
field, and on the tnside will be separate pinces
for football, baseball and tennis hhe gvin-
nasfurn will be bu onthe corner of Lexington
avenue and Fifty-seventn street, Should it
be decided to hold the games at Chicnao, it is
part of the plans to dediciue the fleld, and
perhaps the @vinnasium with the internatior
ntesta. Rvery energs will be bent toward
the conanmmertion of the nion

'

 

 

Before the Oly mplan games last eummernt
Poris, severalo the French Conn t--icners of
theirown ace rd ‘ropes d to have the next
meetin Av eros, and Chic'go, New York and |
Philadelphi. wore ment oned, with the major-
{tv in favor of the Western metrovolis

With the Harness Horses.
The Road Driver's Association has heen
stirring up the Department of Highways tn
the matter of repairing upper Seventh avenue
{n order to make ft available for driving, and
President H. He Kane has received the fo!low-
{ng communication from John DD. Creamer,
Secretary of the Department
Acknowledging receipt of your renewed complaint
of Oct. 20, segarding the condition of the
af Seventh avenue, Lam directed by Comm

 

 

upper end

 
     
   

    

   

     
 

Keating to say that work under the contrac

surfa’ and reparing with fam ,

the rond of sa d avenue, was ordered to be n

on Ocet. 't has heen impossible for the «

tor to proy ence, owing to obstr

the street In thon with the construction of a
sewer under the west side walk and extenait & from
40th atrect te [Slat street umonanteation has
heen sent to the Commissioner of sewers. juesting
im te direct the sewer o actor to pul at work A
‘ar@er force and reiill the sewer trench, to remove

the exeavated material, wh! fe now piled on the

roadway to space between tt esewerand the west
house line of Seventh avenue, so that our contractor
may be able to proceed with his work.

That part of renth avenue alluded to has
heen a great annovane to road riders who
drive through !t to the Speedway

 

 

  
    

 

The high actor, Lord Alger, 1538 hands, a
' prize winner at verious horse shows, hae been
acld by George sap rtas to Isane Stern for
'91,09. He was exhibited with Lord Durham
at the Newport horse show

Conjecture, a bay saddle horse, 18.8 hands,
wes sold iast week for 81.00, by Leighton &
Hunter

WW Hopkins of Brooklyn, has purchased fror
kdward de Cernea a fine pair of seal brow:
horees, 139 hands, for $1.00) and a brown
gelding for #@), that ean step lively

A chestnut welding, 15.1 hands, by Oneida,
out of a Nutwood mare was purchased last

 

week by L Howard Taylor for $1,500, from T. ¢

Gordon & Son

John Gibson has sold to Mre. Wilkins of
Brooklyr, a pair of chestnu 16 hands ,hieh
and al! nre cial actors, for $2.5"

the American League Clob at
VPhiladeipyta,

Shaping Up

 

   

 

PRILADELPRIA, Nov. 11.--The spellb andere of
the Americas I, agae, President Ban do n-on,
Charlies Comiskey of Chicago, ¢ Wo Somers of
Cleveland and Con ie Mack of Mi wau ee, ar-
rived here early thi¢ moruing and before ther
leave they expeot tos ape up the Philad-Iphia
angle f their new league extension The clr
cult has been practically ogre d upon The
Eastern end ‘ill he composed. of Phil dintia
Wishingion an! Baltiiaore and possibl: B ffalo.
Th the West jt he Chic go, De rett, Cave-

ndand Milwouke

Iva akto-day Presid nt Jobmson said the
Amerec n League sim ly proposed to tra: suet
{te bus tes in a ratio al, businesslike way,
with no @d sire to preep tate a fleht with bo
national ore inigatl no Johnson s t
Jimmy Manning will secure the W nahi at -
frane ise and will ta e his Ransas City term

with tim, M Gr wand Kobins nvill hav the
Biitimore f anchise John<on admitted that
the manager of the Philad Ipha club bas been
se ected, but tor good reas ons his Dame is withe

held for the present.

THE SUN, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.

Valo !

.B. Marshall |

  

GOS SIP OF THE RUNNERS.

ENTRIES TO IMPORTANT EVENTS
WILL CLOSE sus WEKEK.
Nominations for the Centary, Tidal, Great

Filly and Kealization Stakes of the Coney

 

 

   

 

        

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

Island Jockey Club ttust Be Made on

Thursd y—To-day's Card at «.queduct.

Entries to the  ooney Island Jfockey Club
etokes, which have tig nounts added, will
close om nest Thursday fhe principal one
is the Century, for three-vear-olds and up
ward, at one mile and a half, and it will have
ts closing for 1901, 1002 and toa The race
for next veor has a guaranteed value of $10,009
For mo2 1 will be raised to gif.c00 and for
194, $20,000 Then there is the Chanypoon
Stikes, for tire .vear-old ind ttopward, ant
two wiles and a quarter, wi has a Value
of $25,000.) For the dune meeting of 1902 Chere
is the Tidal, a race for three-soar-olds, worth
$20,000, at one ioile and a quorter, and the
Mermiciid, for three-year-old til ies, value $5,000,
one mile anda furlong kor igo there are two
two-venr-old stakes to cl = the koum, value
$4,000, and Surf, al-o at 100, th to be run
atthe . ‘ > dire Ply Stakes,
for twoe-s reolds 1902, worth #20000, will
ulso close Another olg stake will be the Law-
rence Realization of 1004, with $10,000 added,
for three-veir-olds ut it time, at one mil
nd five furlongs Other entries to close dur
ing the w cwilll mseof the Creseant City
dockey OF Phey are as follow

Inaugural Handicap, Manolla Selling, Palmetto

Handicap, Prel minary Derby, Crescent City Derbs
Christma. Handleap, New Orlerns tlandicap, \ew
Vear's Liandteap, \udubon Handfeap, Jackson
jiandican, Gentthy Handlean, Live Onk Handtesp
Cotton Selling Stikes, Mechante Handicap, Club
house Ha dl De Sota Hand cap, George Wash
fugtoa lf 1p. Speed Handicap, Vakland tiandl
cap, and Bush Cup Handteay,

It turn4a cut that det Waldo, the crack Western
lightweurht, who was siened bdward Corri-
«an to ride for him in England next season,
is also to sport the colers of the horses that
Ri ard Croker starts on the Fnwlish tracks
ltisreported that both men sillmake an eTort
to hive dockew Henry er rein tated, and
if they suececd he wii for both of them

abroad Neat season

lt looks as ii there ible In store for
Enock Wichard. tae Ameriean tral rnd
lester I v othe Arueri ’ rider, ¢ et
perfo es of Riehard cr rs colt Seote
rian dd 1) Seer hatina rice at Done te
]oored 2) iis hada horse the race nar
(lerolsted t t be seoote an lf. ina canter
On Friday the two ran acain and Seetchman i
reversed things by winning away off lerd
Durham lodged a complaint with the stewards

   
 

 

 

   
  

   

 

 

  

 

 

   

  

 

and Reiff and Wishard wili both have to appear
at the investization. The friends of Wishard
and Rei? on this side of the water fear chat the
case will wo hard againat thern owing to the
fact that Lord Durham fs one of the stewards
of the English Jockey Chat
It ft) maid thar J es RR. Keene's
erack two-vear- Commando £8 (een
sick since he was pur ot of ¢t !
sent to the Brookdale farn Will
| » Who is apart owner of the colt, sald on
rday that he did not know that there was
anvihing wrong i thee and he pointed
ont the fact that if enen was the ¢ Jdhines
howe, the traiver of; 4 would
nor be in the Adi The
only eonfiemation frorr
several of Rowe’s frievds, who sav thot the
| colt has been on the ailing [iat for some time,
;. the programme for Aqueduct to-day is as
follows
First RacesHandican: about seven furlongs:
Trillo’ 13 Si Florian «312
Helle of Troy 130 | Ma {bert + 110
W itereure 7 BP ice Richard ° 10s
hiesoer 197 Giid Lacet ‘ 1°8
King frambte 1A flutty tf. poentle 03S
Kio nikinio® 14 7 ge eevee a)
tioat Ss Dy eoereres 00804
Carbune e® Tt?
"Healy entrg, *Tayiorentry
Seeon e— or three-year lds: selling: five and
atal fu aes
The Portton ..cs..912 1 Glade Ran
R sapton 312) Machu la..ce,
\ le ° tea SOONG . .creseen e on
‘ sshire Boy 10O#R About 2
Kita 18 Lub os 7 v2
Militar 4. ‘The Hrother 3
Third Rece-Maidons, one mtie and seventy yard
leon Ferguson i Ancle }
Match'm in i-J !
Gi orgs Simone M1 Kr k We 1
Lady Hia-been 197 Plier W .
Cone t+ Order 107 ‘ a ae 9)
bocaist oi? ti t 1
Kuta : Mss M 1

'

|

|

  

irth Race—Sellt:

 

     

   

   

’ 4

‘ an eg@rade a
Wer r 1A h fy . 112
I'r P ehard 18 Temel ereeee i
} 1's i* 1 St: Fla ueh ° Ws
I ae 1r¢ . W?
Mor our ‘ Ths y Wea
Fi'th Hace—Maliden, two years old five and ah,
fori ‘

\far at 139 Courtesy

' ish 13 An

Infa e 7 7 A Well

n ta 4, Ee

Kirbe te re .

VIZ TAs ce eee te ada

Stxth Race—Al 1 ares one mile and 70 gorda:

little of Troy 18 Prestidi@tator....,.
Kir 1 he Kh. mer...

King ! 1 Obey o. &7
tou 1 laura Kimble..... 87
Anboy ee 1

 

Jeffries'’s Reply to Fita«tmmons,

James Jeffries is apparentiy willing to meet

Bob Fitzsimmons again as soon as the theatrical
engagementa of the patr will permit Im an
interview yesterday the champion sald
"Fitzsimmons in his reply today to my
challense avoids the issue IT believe he and
I enjoy our present notoriety not because we
are good actors but good flehters  Thave been

 

assured by the out-of-town dramatic crities that
lam a very tine actor T do not believe them
myself, but they probably know more about
the art thanI do. Tam n
for a conteat at acting, but flehting. I want
to meet Fitzsimmons His principal stock in

trade nowadays ts that he was doped when
he fought me Well, if he was, he ought to
be grateful to me tor offering him @ chance
to prov etothe public that he was

A roan who deteated Ruhlin in atx rounde
and Sharkey In two re inds less than two months

 

 

   

  

can not plead old age as a cause for h
retirement froma the ring Tam quite certain
that the real reawon is Fitzetinions's belief
that another meeting with me means defeat
1 have no Se ssire to interiere with his engaue-
ments woked solid in the large cities
notil May 7 next, and Tam willing to wait until
then for Fitz<imenoos. but | want to make the
mateh ne post forfeits ond allow sufficient
tirne to select a profitable place for the bout
If Fitzsimmons refuses by Wednesday to match
with me, TP shall arrange to meet Ruhlin or
Sharkey on terms to be arranged I have
been Going splendidly on the road, but I do
not want to wrow rusty

hike to fleht at least once a year

    

I shall play out to San Franeiseo_and train
there, unless we auree to wo to Lonisville
My choiee of battleground would be Nevada,
fort! »we could go toad fnish and there could
be no doubt os to who is the better 1”

 

Gowlp of the Ring,
Me

 

In an interview Terry

 

 

 

   

 

   

 
      

 

 

 

  

 

   

      

 

  

  

 

t looking at present |

aud atale and would

vernssysthat he bas |

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BOWLING RECORDS,

ARCADE

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

oo

 

 

TOURNAMENT
tubs. Score Clube.
Videlia, 3 hom) Bleecker, 2...
Ss ai, 1 AG) Cannon, 1...
ard, Joe. 478) Nautiins
hosedaie, | Wao Anchor 1
Knlekerborker, 468 Hronxdale
tietham, | fii) Rosedale, 2
tom in
Bleecker, 1 ee, 2
We } Donpel lene, 4
Aue 4S Fe | ‘
om KS. cont, 1
‘ ttd., 1 Manhatla
Siena 4 ‘ bia
er, 2 ‘ hed
lowenen, t
MH q Cannon, 2
Mice we ntrie, 2
civ riicer, 1 Martin, 1
W.S Conf, 1 % bxeelstor, 1
\r ita Vest Side, 1
M tilendale, 2
neents } ; re, f
! hud elsior, :
‘ " S. Confect, 1
” it irania, |
MERICAN SATION AL TOURNAMENT
Co ‘ “a 0 Ariington 4
bid 1 ‘ Ku Golden Rod 44
MI bettan ‘ th Mieecker & 8
‘ 6 1, jank Clerks a &
elrop tan f ne) Pimplre 9 ¢
Corntiian ‘ O40 Glendate 2
tire ° ‘ ht tClermanta 2a
Ainer Owl t Surpr se 2 &
wedale 44 lasy Meat a
(ent 44 Valace 4
Srartor 4 q .
COLUMIMIA LEAGUR
Dolendo @ 1 GAO) Friendship 44
an 7 1 WAS s 44
hin rca W. 7 sso hers 146
iar Clerks h nN? Grove bY ah
' " 4 ‘ Vudubon Ah
Cyvelo 42? a74 Ow a sf
pote 5" & wee Linvood 2 ff
st i 4 4 0) Pinterprise $ 4
Deividere $ 4 SUK Contury W . 7
Posedale 44 SST) Wang i
mig ity 464° ANS
WARD EM LEAGUE
Standard A 0 oy Vued jbo 8 A
IKKrichkerpocker, 7 1 G64) New Rochelle, a 6
per h + WA Celone 4
he " & 2 74) Pellpear 4
Ir hip 4 $2 G74) Harlem W ‘a a
v ub 4 2 4’ Central Parit “4
Corinioian 4° 2) fs) He perion 1 §&
Phe nts 6 & Hih hill 1 8
Lafavette § § &A 1 8
Loti $ 3 0 6
Century W $ 3
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Fidella........11 ! New York A.C.7 &
Gaiden Rod 7 Herbeley 7 &
Oriental eootd 6 Our Counetl & 7
Metromolitan..d1 7 1.01 Spartan 6 w
Coriituian 9 W Wa ania o1 13
Roseville 6 6 Oh cA 9 o
ARLINGTON NATIONAL LEAGUE
Rieecker $0 42) Zoth Century...8 8
Asheroft aon a7 Acurania.... a
V dis Ss 0 & Zenith 1 ¢
Linwood 9 1 64 Amer, Owl 12
Stragcier 4 2 O10 Printers 20 6
Gotham.... 4 % 856) Cannon 0 6
NORTH SIDE LEAGUE.
Morris W........6 © &Auv| Knickerbocker. 1 2
Hooker... 80) BAG! Liherts a:
Prospect $8 6 #30 Hyperton. 0 3
Claremont. 2 1 865) Tremont 0 8
Hronxdale.. 2 1 S41) Home City of
FIRE INSURANCE LEAGUE
German Amer..4 © ARS! Home 22
Nor, Unton 8 1 Bf) Northern s 2
' oderwriters 8 1 «778! Hanover... 2
22 a:oit ‘ 1
2 ¢ 7hh| Greenwich......1 3
2 2 #757| Phenix 6 4
WHOLESALE DRUG TRADE ASSOCIATION,
Parke, Db & Coe © Bit! Jonnson&J'n..2 2
at Z 6 768 Lanman&K...2) 1
Dod 1 &eT Gen, Chem, Coa..1 6
Searu & 1 7S8Si Church&DCo0 6
Merck & Co 2 2 70
NANK CLERKS’ TOURNAMENT,
ManhattanCo .2 0 0) Seaboard......1 1
Mere antiie Nat 2 0 Continental....2 1
N ial Path..2 0 hountse on 8
eT ibile a © Hanover... 5, 3
Mech, & Trad. Pinta 1 1
Mount Morris...) 1 ia & Traders.0 2
can Eg..) 1 JPM &€o.,..0 2
: ‘ » 3 Te 'T. @ CO. cree 0 2
(. S. Sub-T...1 1 744) Hudson River..0 2
CASINO TOURNAMENT,
Queenshoro....46 © #19! Siunswi 2
Hatenswood 4 1 &17! Columt i
Sunswick 2 a me Hiavenswood 2.3 2
Astoria 2 2 &47, Frankiin....... 1 8
erville 2 2 411! Boulevard.....0 4
Swick &. 2 2 781
NEW JER vy ABROOLR EA
West Hoboken..§8 © 47)! Jolly 1 2
(nion 8 1 832 P; ster... i |
vew Jergey.....2 1 Kae Castie Point C 3 2
Vastimn 2 i #07 | OurOwn’......3 2
( ywn 2 1 #778) Alpine.. 1 32
Ol mpa 2 1 «+767. Hour Oo 8
WOOD'S MALL TOURNAMANT,
New Jersey an 9! tT $8.63
Clintor 6 0 $46) Arthur. 24
}) tir... 58 1 &A7 M tropolitan 8 4
lafavette.... .4 2 8% West Hoboken..2 4
Cable & 3 &71) Oiymple.......2 4
Lineoin... & 3 838! Koyd... 1 6
Cast untcC..8 3 BOS! Erte 0 6
Manhattan 8 8 be
HROOKLYN ROYAL ARCANUM LEAGUE
ledtord Oo ARAL D, 8 a
er leiphos © BRO! Fort tiree 8 2
soshwick © 681) Wash Ry ine. 22
st 1 942) Brook is.ce §
1 Ot Aieeeae ‘a a 8
f{ 1 O10 mmonwith..2 4
& 1 SS Adirondack....2 6
hot SSS) De Witte nmol F 6
6 2 ATT Fern Ps
i 4 Bre Patria... ; F
4 2 ans W 1 2.
} 462 = «AGA J Cres 4
] 42 & Morning Star..0 6
} & 3 S825) Gramercy a.)
HROOKLYN ROYAL ARCANUM SUBTOURNAM
Fulton 4 © 754 Forttireene... 2 2
Lburnside 2 0 #749 BRushwiel ......1 1
J. FL Price 6 1 ToS Wash. feving...1 1
Lone istand {& 1 Tue Bedf 6 1 $8
Giibert 4 1 Ti) Lefferts. 1 3
Dauntiess 4 2 &S0 Nassau oe
ast New York.4 2 703 Iirevoort... we
Phiiddeiphos...4 2 789 Brooklyo......0 2
De Wittclinton.S § Ted DeLong... o 4
bern 8 3 780
LONQ ISLAND BOWLING LEAGUE
Fast New York.6 © 020 Pin Knight.... 8 3
Prosperity. , 4 ve narch 4 64
Manhattan.....6 1 Dos 2 4
Helnecke 7 8 h Paw.....1 §&
Imp rial Ss } Fort Greene.....1 5
K, County W...4 2 Orient 1 6
Atlante a4 Greenwood,.....0 8
Hedford a3
PROOKLYN GEMMANIA TOURNAMENT,
Prosperity.....8 11,080) 26th Ward......8 2
Annes. ais9& Imperial, as
Adeipnt... 3 1 52 Arington.....3 1
S& sete 3 31 «M48 Apnilo : ef 3
Myrtle 3 1 #08 Standard......2 3
Orig, Ariington.2 2 6 Tempirton 15
Medford Palace 2 2 954 Independent....0 4
Lp kK 2s le
GURATER NEW YORK TOURNAMENT.
Monareh A 2 #04 Ariington $8684
Queer Clod 4 1 WS Pin Knignt.....8 3
Manhattan 4 2 Hse Emplre.. 2 2
Imperial 4 2 OSS Spartan... 24
Nish. Counetl..4 2 043 Pontlac.... 24
Palace A & O05 Echo.. x =
Vast New York 8 % HO) Amersfort.....1 8
Metropolitan. 3 A tie

BHOOKLAN ARLING'

 

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

IN NATIONAL TOURNAMPNT.

   

   

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

Brooklyn Advertisement

«Speaking
. ofa

* Full Back—

+ Coat, those loose fitting
broad shouldered kinds,
must be cut right and tai.
ored
right to

 

Ours
are as
perfect
as made

ure,
In the

rice—

7 op
> Coats,

$12.50 to $27.00. Raglans,
$18.00 to $35.00. Other
kinds, too. Money back if
not perfectly suited.

    

 

BROOKLYN.

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

    

 

 

 

fit right.

to meas-

matter of

   

 

   
    
  

    
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
       
     
 

  

 

| NEWS OF THRE ‘HEELMEN,
yoo | Last Races of the Season at Vallsburg Resalé
ace | in Several Spills,

About 1,000 persons went to the Vallsburg
ay, track vesterd.y to stiver and watch the races,
7 The management announced that they would
«1 he the last contests of the season ‘The twenty-
a8 ‘ five mile event was interesting. There were
“| twenty-eight starters and the prizes offered
ah | for the leader at etch five miles made it prao
zow | Uleally a series of fivemile races. There were
654 | thirteen riders leit at twenty miles and nine
aja; @t the Anish. There were sevacal mishaps,

Charles Homans walle trving to cateh hla toee
zas | clip fell in the eleventh mile and wus painfully
746 | cut about the face, T. PF. Brown at four miles
skp | Was upset by running into a rider who had
2746 | been lapned. John King took a tumble at
701 ; nine and one-half miles, but remounted and
a0 | {fn a mile and a half was again riding with his
#45 ) bunch. Sclilee, who was ahead at most the
705 | laps, had a puncture at twelve and one-half
789 | miles, changed his wheel and caught up in

three laps, or three-juactems of a mile. The
a6 finish was a good one, Ritter winnin
in leneth, with a bunch riding for secon
gue | 8 tamaries
637 | Pursuit Race, Osear Aaronson, Brooklyn, vereus
626 J.P. Jackson, New Haven--Wo) by Aaronson
70 tance, 4 mies 8!) yards Time, 1) minutes 28 4
75u see nde
713 ‘Tweuty five-Mile Amateur, with Sp- Fs Priges for
637 | le dets at ach Five M lee—Won by Monte ieee

N wark Edward Biil'rgton Vatlsburge se ene ‘

748 King, Newark. third «homae Firth, vewark fourth;
g Willam Dobbins. Bast Ore fifth ine i hour
793 Ot utes S 4 heave nda Wirnersof five mile prises
oa -W.S Fenn, Waterbury, atS miles WOS Foon, at

4) ju miles; Charles Sch re ct 1S miles James Hunter,
640 | atzimles Winnerof special p ize for leading the

@reatest number of laps haries Schlee
aaa Jimny Michael left New York on Sete.
aos | das for Washington, where he will train fo
TAA | & race against Stinson for which he is matched
ToS} | next mooth, The midget lias not abandone

hia aspirations to jJockeyship, but

his time

 

  

yoo | Island to ride on the war “auto” at the Garden

fo7 | Was waked yesterday by a reporter of THR

fon) 8UN what he thought of sn practieability

“a7 | of the machine, He replied

TAU “The Idea is all right, but I ‘do not think this

716 | machine would do for the rough roads an
rough usege of real service. If they woul
make it heavier and give it more power and

apg | mere carrying capacity, it would be all right.”

ane

AS? There was the material for a merry fight
at the twe ity-mile road race of the Melrose

 

A «. Wheelmen
Boulevard esterday,
spoiled it
Winslow, who received three minutes’ han
finished first, with James Foley
Anderson, both of whom started

afternoon, but the

apart. The
The clerk of

 

is biding

One of the soldiers detailed from Governors

that was run op the Hoffman
volice
‘There were thirty starters. Charles
{oap,
nd Willi

from ecrate

second and third and all less than a length

udwes decided Winslow the winner,
the course and the checkers at the
turn came along later and declared that Wins-

 

ENT.  Jow rode not more than half the distance, being
4463 substituted by another man. The prizes h
764 heen given and the effort to get them back
713) made trouble A small Donnybrook, was
759 progress when the mounted ollee arrived a
iz made the squabblers take to their wheels.

745 |
7A | Prof. Tharston on Automobiles,
eae |
7 At the dinner of the Automobile Club given
to exhibitors at the Garden there were about
945 | 200 guests and some of the speeches had pointe
“55 of much interest. Prof. R. H. Thurston of
er Sibley College, Cornell University, sald that
884 auoh a club had been needed for 2,000 yeare
fe} | aad thea procesded to a historical recital of
| the atta ots toward automovilism. He sald
that Isaac Newtoa in tus0 had planned an
09 “auto” aad that in 1707 @ halfway practioa
36 o1e was made in France. In 1830 the subject
804 of motor vehicles for the road was again
rh broagat forward in Fraace, bat legislation
vos | doferted ft. The Eiglish Parliament in 1833
anpointed @ comaitiee to investigate the
matter of automovoles and that committee
on) reooctad that practical machines could be
og mele tu rau twenty-five mies an hour. A
ego | Cvute in the Hous? of Lords, however,
yoo) 6 detded that such machines must not have
4 rovlway privileges
Aa8 Paciug th» steam engine and the Amert
565) autumonile of 153) as prototypes he then tr

 

down
would be pavel

the history

| Broadway with

   
    
  
 

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

and preticted a tune when
iron plates

 

Monareh 4.0 &8HO!) Amerefort 1 1 7460 @ad the horse would be unknown.
Prosperity 8 1 ROO Or @. Atiio 204° KOS It wis a peculiar feature of the dinner that
Palace 42 = 438 204 «78 there were loud eries or “No, no'” against
Carson 42 = AOS 1 38 604) every one who talked about tue possible extino-
A rites f§ 3 Bis 1 3 754 tiou of the horse. Former acting President /
Chaunees & 8 NOB v1 5B 874) George F. Chamberlai drew apria' 146
Eeho 2 2 sel ‘referriug to Vice-President A. C. Bostwt
RROOKLYN BANK CLERKS BOWLING LRaarr | who presided,asama: who not only was setting .
Frankiln lrust-s 1 S88! Hroadway Bik.) 2 727) & pace ia Lhe automobile game, but ome who
We Sav. Rank..8 3 8S! Mac We. Biel 8 6yA also had twe ix eutries in the “haymotor” .
Sraeue XS. 0..4 2 7 a ¢ suow that becingin the Garden vext Monday.
Mat rust...8 2 & 0 4 fur} The moet r owas Arthur 7
| People's tiank..2 20 7 | bddy, President of Chicago Automobd'
} : | «ind Jefferson Seligman, whie the dinner
i . was in progress, remarked to @ reporter of
Rowling Games Te-aight. | ‘Ths SUN that the first show here surp
American National ‘Tournament-—Golden Rod, | the last year affairs in London and Paris w.
Corsthian ard Columbia, at the Germania Assembly , he attended,
Rooms alleys. -_ —
Horiem Leaeue Tournament —Corinthian, Colontal
j and Grove Hill, at Thum & Kahisdor! a alleys. Choynskt Save He Saved Fits From a Knect-
National Leawue-bidetea vs. America, at Starr's out,
y aliry ° “7
5 leagwe-Stentart, her Apimun Joe Choynskt, who was one of Bob Pitssimmenge
{Wi and Hosedoi, at Schiussing'’s alleya | meconda when he fought Peter Maher at New Or
} side League Liberty vs lremontatPump'a | jeans about elght years ago, says that he saved Fits
7 Ve hdiocesan Union League-—Columbus Catholic . fom detng knocked out on that occasion. Choynak;
‘ am No. Colnmbus Cathoile Club Team No declares tial the frst round had still thirty seconds
joa st. Mow ea, wet olor alleys. to go when Maher hit Fitz. Choynski further says:
\ is Me ‘lo " Metropolitan, Man Voom) nan named Pranks Was oficial imekeeper
I hatten and Castle Pout Cyelers, at Wright &@ Ap. | of the auh, while George Ciark of Chicago and Prapk
1 s alleys in held the watches for the fehters. Franks
reade Tournament A rican Owl Team No. }, had his hand on the be rope just, 4s Pitz was knocked
4 rican ¢ leam No. 2 perican Owl Team No out 1 oor in the s.iuation, ard striking Franke on
: s¢ ‘leam No. t and Surprise Team No, 2, at | the arm, rang the bell, then Jumped throueh the ropes
! S alley and carried ‘Pi back to bis chair as iimp as a rag
C3 To Boulevard Ravenswood There was no word of protest from eitner Maher's
.¢ lat 1 Strack « allesss corner or from his timekeeper, Only the Fitzsimmons
nterclub League Coin in Club vs Kunitekers | followers knew what ther were doing It shows
wh P. Co Creacent ALC. 4 ‘tore Grate Club, | how unfortunate Maher was in having ‘dead ones’
( Clubs Ptrookiyn t handie him for a bie fight ike that
i n Floyal Arent Dauntiess | = aoe
Coune Morniog Star Council and Pulton Counet, ’ -
re Gite Sportsman's Goods.
G r New York “Lournanente Arlington, Pon- —
t and iaper et Th & Ehlers alleys. 0 Oe
be font beltor’ Aiopatten Reis and Bast | CRAPHOPHONES st
New York, at the Llephent Club alleys,
seit) en woe) EDISON PHONOGRAPHS
Org Ariingtons, att Gere 1 Halla ere
\riington National ‘lournament ‘Am ersfort, South
| Paw and Arlington. at Hertram & Voll'saileys had 820 evens
| Hudson County League Arthur vs Okalona, at MONDAY
} Hefliech’s alleys EV SINGS
| a ae = LARGEST RECORD STOCK IN New YORE.
Indoor Baseball. 6 W t 8 d acre Se i
- a f
The Twelfth Regiment armory was packed on es roa Way st.
Saturdoy night when the realrental nine took | = . i
the floor acainst the team of the First Naval Che Turf. d
Battalion. The @ame was easy for the miililia- et
jmen, andin the sigth inning, with the ecore 21 E LU i
+S ovainst them, the anateur sailormen ae- QUE NS C0. JOCKEY C B,

made over $50,000 since he reached the topof his
CIASs.

“Pediar’ Palmerand Harry Ware are stated to mert |
tn a fifteen round bout at London to-night at the
Nati mal Spo ting Club

Nonp ret A. ©. of Loulsvitle has offered a
for a renty five round co vtest betw en Joe
tand “My terious’ til y Smita he latter
lias sccepted, bur Wa ett has not made any reply
Morry Krats whe has Jimmy Lowe a clever 118
printer 1 is wire tad fe rof UF
,e@-terday thathe wil mats Lowe a€¢ eorge
Muticoe for dit or twenty Nasat iit ts

Chadiey MeWeever says tha the reason whe here
turaed to Atmerica eu e found ib aiffeu t to

ta taeteh on abroa s victory over“ ,

Melhierver say the English middle
iis Pave himawide rt

. e' Sulivan hos received an cf? f to go to
Engiand and meet Jobony ghes at the Natlon a
Sporthig Club in bebo ‘ Pred |ilae. bur thie
noted Hnglisn sporland hookina er, who w neof
=e ar’ Po lmer's timeke pers when the latter
fought Terts MeGovermn uchohoe last year, is
an t willing to at $ ' for Sullivan

nies he wil ate » and isawa te the

rile agreement

° t ms 8 1 s hel S fTecnvered
his oidt't fur rain and ata dos © tail
ty Z ' nearfitur Smooth has atranged three
bait Mig fest ageme “ he wit Moke
1 anal Flochester at Wheelme, Wo Val, to-night
! pair will meet for twenty rounds, UM Weenes tay
at Savannah he wiiltackie “Tim’ S mnof Hosion
for twenty founda, On N Hat Louisville he has
agreed to fare Billy edwards of Australia aiso {
twenty rounds

CHICAGO, Nov } fommy Ryanof Syracuse
knocked Jef? Thorne out fn three rou ds at tt e Chit.
‘ Association night. A fi honda
} squarely on the pontofth Lew \
! forthecount oul Prom the fir itiup of
th ean's clever Plating end cunning foot
“ I 1 toe much for the bnglishna Hr made
lhorne mt fiand again and kept s left hand
Going wi machine (ve regulartiyv to his oppon: ni's
body and face in the second + a Thorne piant
ah i right Joli over Ryans heartand th
only dangerous blow i4 t him durtos the
battle

In Either Case,
Whether you are buying or selling real estate, eon
sult thé Board of Bro Want and Offer” column

on real estate page Sundays and Thursdays —Ado

d-dtog ve it un,

the Tweifth R-@iment
came, Cateher Harney
Goodwin a

on ‘oul

pol. ts for the sailors. and with better sup:
anda little hitting the team

b

much better

The clever battery work of
feature o
'eng especialy clever

1d Rird wer» in the

was the

would hav

 

Eve ry D oT,

ry Day at 2PM.

the bo

rt itnce atalas Ey

 

ial