Pe er

 

a ee

: nat Se Cea

SR ENT MR ; ' OS Memeo
j pie

VOL.'LXXIIL—NO, 19, ,
CITS YOTE TO RESUME FUSING

LITTLETON THEIR CANDIDATE

  

—FORD MEN BEATEN.

Catting Cemmittee Instructed to See tf
the Odell-Hearst Outfit Is Willing to

, Hear of Any Program but Its Own
—It So Cite Will Make Proposais.

By what was praotically a unanimous
vote, because Bo negatives were heard, of
the city committee of the Citizens’ Union,
at the special meeting called last night of
that body to consider their position, it
was decided that the organization should
*go back to the fusion movement.” There
is little probability, however, that the
sentiment expressed at the meeting will
be carried out if Chairman R. Fulton Cutting
has his way.

The meeting held last night was more
largely attended than any meeting of the
union held for at least two years past, and
the great majority of those who were pres-
ent consisted of Mr. Cutting’s friends, who
turned up in force with the avowed purpose
of preventing any humiliation of Mr. Cut-
ting by the radical element, which had
called the special meeting.

While they consented to pass the formal
resolution in favor of fusion, they decided
that the manner of the resumption of
the conferences by the union with the
Odell-Hearst forces should be left to Mr.
Cutting and his personal committee of six-
teen who left the fusion, conference last
week. This committee will meet at 3:30
o'clock this afternoon in Mr. Cutting’s
office, for the purpose, ostensibly, of carry-
ing out the wishes of last night's moeting.

What this committee is likely to do this
afternoon can best be deduced from an

- interview which was had with Mr. Cutting

at the close of the meeting.
“It would seem from to-night’s action,”
it was ‘suggested to Mr. Cutting, “that

‘ there is a chance that the Citizens’ Union

will go back to conference.”

“I do not look at it in that light,” said
Mr. Cutting. “The resolution which was
paseed was simply the expression of a senti-
ment. Of course, we are in favor of fusion—
we always have been; but we are still out
of the fusion movement which we left
last week. I don’t understand that the
resolution passed to-night was a direction
that we should go back to that movement.
That is a matter which must be left to the
epecial committee of sixteen.”

“If the other parties to the fusion move-
ment make overtures to you to resume
your conferences, will you respond to them?”
Mr. Cutting was asked.

“I cannot say,” answered Mr. Cutting.
“We claim now, as we did last week, that no
opportunity was given to us to confer. We
told the conference that we Were ready to
present the name of a candidate, and
esked for a chance for the name of that
candidate to be discussed. The opportunity
was refused to us, and it is doubtful if the
Citizens’ Union will renew those conferences
unless we can be assured that our candidate
will receive consideration.”

“Well, do you want fusion?” was a ques-
tion put to Mr, Cutting.

“We have had no opportunity to go into
fusion,” he replied,

“Then is there a probability that the
Citizens’ Union will put a third ticket in
the fleld?” Mr, Cutting wae asked.

“I cannot say at this time,” he answered
with a studied gravity of manner.

In explaining to the committee last night
the reasons why he and his colleagues quit
the conference Mr. Cutting, despite William
Halpin's statements to the contrary, said that
the name of the Cits’ eandidate for Mayor
had been told to the leaders of the Odell-
Hearst combine. That name was men-
tioned by Mr. Cutting at last night’s meet-
ing, but after the meeting he refused to
make it known to the newspaper men.

The man wanted by Mr. Cutting and his
committee of sixteen, it was learned, is
Borough President Martin W. Littleton of
Brooklyn. Mr. Cutting in referring last
night to “our candidate’ made the some-
what surprising statement that he and his
committee had not taken the trouble to
consult with the candidate, and hadn't
the least idea whether or not he would
accept the nomination either of the Citizens’
Union or of the fusion conference had the
Cits stayed in it.

Soon after the meeting was calied to
order the radical faction in the union
sought to force the organization back into
the fusion movement by a presentation
of a resolution by August H. Stebbins,
one of the callers of the special meeting,
directing the committee of sixteen to go
back into the old conferences again. But
Mr. Cutting’s friends, who made up a ma-
jority of at least three-fourths of the
attendance at the meeting, quickly defeated
that, it being lost by a large majority.

Then the spokeeman of the same radical
element sought to tie the Citizens’ Union,
in the selection of a candidate, if a third
ticket or further fusion conferences should
be decided upon, to either John Ford, Cal-
vin Tomkins or City Court Justice Sea-
bury.. Again Mr. Cutting's friends carried
6 sesohnes 00. SY He OEE PRNS on the
table.

The effect of the non-passage of this
resolution means that if the Cits’ com-
mittee should renew its acquaintance with
the fusion movement it will stand out
against the nomination of John Ford in
the event of Justice Gaynor refusing to
run. Mr. Ford attended last night's meet-
ing, but while the discussion of this reso-
lution was going on he was asked to leave
the room, in order that there might be no
restriction of debate, and he sat for nearly
two hours in an outer room.

The committee sat with three closed doors
between them and the reporters who were
awaiting the result of the meeting. Some
of the officers of #he organization also
patrolled the pavement outside,lest the open
windows should leak the sounds of battle.
The meeting, however, was fairly harmoni!-
ous. Mr. Cutting had too large a following
behind him for the radicals to have any
show whatever. This is the wording of the
only resolution which was adopted by the
meeting:

“Whereas this body has unanimousfy
approved the withdrawal of the committee
of’ sixteen from the conference of the*anti-
Tammany organizations, and has done so
on the ground that the other parties to the
conference had steadily omitted to confer,

“Reent-ed, That the committee of sixteen
be requested to take steps to ascertain
whether those other bodies are now willing
to enter into a real conference, and if so

 

Fal) Excursions to Adirondack Mountains,
Tickets on sale to Areane ma Sep hake eae and

a a fn oe Ho $1

Bari Taquire

a ee ees

|
|
!
08 tor | inge to-day.

WP

 

 

+NEW

said committee of ixteen is hereby author-
ized to confer with them,”

The/ county and borough conventions
of the Citizens’ Union will be held to-night
at the Lexington Opera House, but nothing
will be done at either beyond effecting
@ permanent organization and appointing
Committees on candidates and platform.
Adjournments will then be taken until
October 2,

-_

SYRIAN BISHOP IN A CELL.

Char$ed With Shooting Man in the Leg
Conference Ends in Row.

Raphael Hawaweenio of 320 Pacific street,
Brooklyn, Bishop of the Syrian Greek Church
of America, was arrested last night and
locked up on a charge of felonious assault.
The Bishop's wife offered to furnish bail,
but the Magistrate to whom she applied
‘thought it would be quite as well to let the
dignitary languish in the Butler street sta-
tion over night. a

There has been trouble in the Bishop's
flock for some time, Last night, appar-
ently with the idea of reaching an amicable
settlement of the difficulties, the Bishop
and several of his followers went to theresi-
dence of Nahum Makarzel, 137 Pacific street,
where were gathered a delegation of his
opponents. Makarzel is editor of Al
Hoga, the only Syrian paper published in
American and has been the leader of the
Anti-Hawaweonio faction.

The conforence lasted an hour, Then
it broke, up to the accompaniment of re-
volver shots, The conferees left the house
and continucyl the battle on the street,
Policeman Mbpllon of the Butler street
station came up on the run, just at the time
that A. D, Achkoupi of #4 Greenwich street
fell with a bullet in his leg,

The policeman chased a man with a small
Pearlhandled revolver and caught the
Bishop. The revolver was thrown away
by the Bishop, according to Butler, as the
clergyman was sprinting down the street.

Five other combatants were arrested and
locked up in the Butler street station. All
were charged with felonious assault.

 

CANARD SET INDIANAPOLIS WILD.

Police and Citizens Rush to Capitol When
Governor Is Reported Assassinated.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sept. 18.—The down-
town business district was greatly excited
this afternoon by a report that Gov. Hanly
had been shot while sitting in his office
and that he was then dying from the assas-
sin’s bullet.

Almost coineidental with the starting of
the rumor in the street some one telephoned
the story to the police, and Supt. Kruger
and half a dozen officers started at break-
neck speed to the State House.

Their haste and apparent excitement
confirmed the story in the minds of those in
the streets, and several hundred persons
followed to the State House.

The corridors were soon full of excited
people who pushed into the reception room
of the executive chamber, brushing aside
the officer on guard.

Everybody in the office was greatly sure
prised at the unceremonious entrance of the
crowd and the uniformed officers. The
superintendent was soon agsured that if the
Governor had been shot it had been done
so quietly that no one in the outer office
knew of it. Many would not believe the
story was a canard till Supt. Kruger entered
the Governor's private office and assured
himself that the executive was alive. He
was found dictating to a:stenographer and
had not even heard the report that he was
mortally wounded.

 

HER MONUMENT TOBE OF SILVER.

Alvarado, Mexico's Mining King, Will Raise
Costly Pile at Wife’s Grave.

CaTHUAHUA, Mexico, .Sept. 18.—What
probably will be thecostliest monument
erected to the dead in recent times will
be placed above the grave of Mra. Margarita
Alvarado, the late wife of Pedro Alvarado,
the peon mining king of Mexico. The
monument will be of Italian marble and
solid silver. Two tons of silver from Al-
varado's famous Palmilla mine in the Par-
ril district will be used. A steel frame
will be built around the grave, to guard
against the theft of silver from the monu-
ment.

The output of Alvarado’s Palmilla mine
is now $100,000 a week. This is the heaviest
production in the history of the property.
Part of Alvarado’s wealth is in the form of
silver bars and is stored in a steel cage
in the mine, When he discovefed the
Palmilla vein Alvarado was working asa
mine laborér for 75 cents a day. Now he
is worth at least $30,000,000.

—_—<——_———
ASSASSIN PERILS CHILDREN.

Man Denounced by Union Miners Shot as
Little Ones Sat on His Knees.

ComBeRianp, Md., Sept. 18.—R, L. Me-
Lain, who came from West Virginia re-
cently, and who is one of the armed depu-
ties appointed by Gov.’ Warfield at the
request of the Consolidation Coal Company,
narrowly escaped assassination at Frostburg

to-night. He was in the door of the Porter
House, where he {fs staying. He was hold-
ing his six-year-old child and the child of a
neighbor ort his knees when five shots rang
out in the darkness. One bullet tore
through McLain’s hand and another barely
missed the children. The assassin ran away
and his identity is unknown.

McLain is one of the four deputies whose
appointment has been vigorously protested |
by the union mine workers. The deputies
have been moat bitterly denounced by the
organizers in public meotings and upon
one occasion had to seek safety from a
mob.

MRS. JANNEY NO NOW NEY NOW ASKS | DIVORCE.

Stenographer Bride Had Sued Haspand’s
Parents for Alicnation.

BALTIMORE, Sept. 18.—Mrs. Thomas Jan-
ney, Jr., formerly Miss Hattie Snyder of
New York, to-day instituted proceedings
against her husband fox divorce. Mrs,
Janney now has pending a suit against
Joaney for non-support and one against
his parents for $100,000 for the alleged
alienation of his affections.

The Janneys move in the highest social
circles here, and when they heard that

 

their son had married a stenographer who
was employed in the same financial in-
stitution in New York they were far from
\ , However, the young couple lived
together for a time until Janne , accord.
g to his young wife's charges, under
ressure | from his parents, fina lly "yielded
and left i Bere saying he would not retum
A pao ed account of an automobile
accident in Baltimore in which he was
hurt reached her eyes, and she came to this
city and entered the two earlier suite, which
she followed up with the divorce proceed-

ee
insist wpom having Burnett's Vanilla.—Ads

ee lanai

ed mae cnnnestaan-snuruisanaimaanininaunevsinsarananet svt
. y

ee ee a a ee en re eS eee

Pea eate were tos Poa
arETM i TIM P

 

—_————

-YO RK, TUESDAY,

 

{2 HURT ON BOSTON EXPRESS. Oe anger

CAR IN MIDDLE OF TRAIN DE-
* RAILED IN TUNNEL,

Gnoe Side Bcrapes for Fifty Feet Against a
Row of Iron Columnse—Injured Brought
Back in One End of the Train, While
the Other End Goes On—Blockade.

A parlor car in the middle of Train 54 of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford
Railroad, known as the Springfield and
Boston Express, was derailed in the Park
avenue tunnel on the outbound trip from
the Grand Central Station yesterday and a
dozen passengers were hurt, but none
seriously. Six needed medical “ettention.
None had to go to a hospital.

The Boston Express leaves the Grand
Centra) at 12:01. It pulled out yesterday
with eleven cars. Samuel Reed of Now
Haven was the engineer and Walter Spenser
of Mott Haven the conductor.

Thgte parlor cars were sandwiched in
the middle of the train. One of these, the
fifth car, left the tracks just at the mouth
of the tunnel at Fifty-sixth street.

There are four tracks in the tunnel, and
the Boston Express goes out on Track 3,
That and four are the westerly tracks.
The towerman just south of the tunnel
switched the express on its accustomed
track from the’ yard track.

The engine, its tender and the four cars
following took Track 8 without mishap,
So did the forward truck of the fifth car.
The rear truck took the switch to the east-
ward and jumped it, derailing this one car,
and throwing the forward part of it to the
west against one of the iron columns that
support the roof of the tunnel. The row
of columns for fifty feet raked the west
side of the car, tearing and battering the
roof and woodwork, and smashing every
window on that side.

The passengers who had chairs on that
side jumped to the east side of the car,
Several of the chairs were torn from their
fastenings.- The jar was felt in all the
train and Reed put on the air brakes. The
train stopped and passengers in all the cars
tried to scramble out. Some did manage
to get out, but most of them were held in
by the train crew, Several hundred men
were at work in the yards on the new
termina],and ina ‘oment there were plenty
to help,

The train crew first learned that no one
had been killed or seriously burt, All the
injured were put on the next car to the rear.
and that section of the train was uncoupled
and pulled back into the station. News of the
accident had reached the train despatcher
and he held up all outbound trains,

When the injured passengers reached
the station they found several physicians
awaiting them, The railroad had two
of its own on hand, There was also a
Bellevue ambulance séurgeon. Three
women were treated in the women’s waiting
room, William H. Hodgins of 19 Middle
street, Boston, who had a gash on the left
leg, was attended to in the train despatcher's
office. The women who were attended
in the station were Mrs. Edward A, White
of 255 West Ninety-second street, con-
tusions of the right side and cuts; Mrs, E, C,
Hines of 336 West Twenty-first street
shock and contusion of the shoulder, and
Mrs, Jane Klink of Springfield, Mass,, arms
lacerated, Mra, White, who was the worst
hurt, went home, The other women and
Mr. Hodgins were able to continue theif
journey. Mrs. E. G. Cowery and her fifteen-
year-old daughter Louise of St, Louis
were slightly cut by glass, They con-
tinued their journey,

Claim agents of the railroad company
took the names of all the passengers who
had been in the wrecked car and did not
communicate them to the police. Ambu-
lance Surgeon Case of Roosevelt Hospital
was the first ambulance surgeon to arrive
in the tunnel. Heand another ambulance
surgeon from Roosevelt climbed down into
the tunnel at Fifty-sixth street. They say
employees of the railroad tried to drive
them away. Dr. Case took possession of
one young woman who seemed to need his
attention and whose name he took as Jose-
phine Locksellecloux of 80 Sands street,
Brooklyn. She had slight bruises. She
was put aboard the last part of the train
and taken back to the station.

The first four cars of the train were sent
on their way to Boston, That left only the
wrecked oar blocking the outgoing tracks,
for some of the wreckage had got onto
Track 4. It took an hour to pull this car out
of the tunnel into the yards. Then it was
found that ten or more feet of the rails of
Track 4 had been strained. Outgoing trains
on all lines were held up,but were beginning
to run again at 3 o'clook.

Manager Ira A. McCormack of the Harlem
division was in charge of the work of re-
moving the wreckage. He tried to learn
why the car had taken the switch, but he
said last night that he ha been unable to
co so. ’

“The switch was all right," said he, ‘else
the first part of the train would not have
cleared it. A loose bolt dropped in the frog
or something like that might have caused
the accident. The engineer stopped the
train within fifty feet. It was going only
ten miles an hour.”

Capt. Lantry of the East Fifty-first street
station says the railroad people treated his
policemen very shabbily when they tried
to get information about the accident.
| Lantry says he is going to arrest the engi-

neer to-day.

UPSET AUTO TO AVOID A CRASH.

 

 

A. 8. Murray of Baltimore Badly Injured
in Accident at Newport.

Newport, R. I. Sept. 18 —A. 8S. Murray
of Baltimore, who is spending the summer
at Jamestown, to-day had a narrow escape
from death. In company with J. H Tefft
he was coming down Bay View avenue
in his automobile, when on nearing one of
the cross streets he saw Frederick Ambrust

| coming toward him in a ca Mr.
Murray, to avoid a collision, tu: the ma-
chine into the grass at the side of the road.
As soon as the wheels struok the soft earth
it turned completely over, with Mr. Murray
underneath. Mr. Teft was thrown out and
was not hurt.

Mr. Murray was with much difficulty
taken from under the machine and taken
to his home, where it was found that sev-
eral ribs were broken, his collarbone frao-
tured and his head badly lacerated.

Mr. Jerome Well and Back at Work.

District Attorney Jerome returned yester-
day from his summer home at Lakeville,
Conn., and spent a busy day in his offics
getting randy to try the cases which were

tponed because of his recent
Beis entirely recovered.

White Mountains tein e On ——
kets on cale Sept. 16th to te only
tebe “inquae Nowe By be R, Agents.

 

uize N. k. N. lee

$$$ ——$

= Soy pe erat Se

on Says It Was Unimportant—Re-
fuses to Give Details. *

Curcaao, Sept. 18.--Inquiries made by
alarmed friends of President W. R. Harper
of the University of Chicago as to the
reason for refusing admission to all guests
at his home and not allowing telephone
connection to be had with the residence,
to-day led to the issuing of the following
bulletin by his physicians regarding the
state of his health:

“On Moriday a week ago Dr, Harper
returned home and during the week suf-
fered from indigestion, the result of in-
testinal” retention. On Sunday a minor
operation was performed by Drs, Murphy
and Bevan which was so slight that neither
chloroform nor ether was required. Dr,
Harper has reacted and has taken food
all day, and has a normal pulse and tem-
perature. He will be up and about his
usual affairs within a few days.

“Inasmuch as Dr. Harper’s general health
is good and the operation so insignificant,
no further statements will be made by his
physicians. Dr. F, BruurNas.”

Dr. Billings on being questioned further
regarding the exact condition of Dr, Har-
per, said:

“He is not essentially worse.”

When asked as to what he meant by
“easentially” he declined to give an ex-
planation, The query was then put to
him: “Is there any probability that Dr.
Harper will undergo an operation to-mor-
row, or in the near future?”

He replied: “I will not say.”

President Harper will not address the
convention of the Brotherhood of St. Ane
drew next Sunday, as he had intended. ex

 

HURT IN THE ADIRONDACKS.

Wife of the Rey. Dr. Jordan May Lose
Sight of One Eye.

The wife of the Rev, Dr, D, lL, Jordan of
Freeport, L. {., Methodist Epfecopa! Church;
is a patient in the Seney Hospital, Brook-
lyn, suffering from injuries to her left eye,
which she got while in company with her
husband at a camp at Twichell’s Lake, in
the Adirondacks, on Friday morning last,
Mrs, Jordan went out with her husband to
shoot deer, The sight of the rifle did not
act properly and Dr, Jordan tried to adjust
it. A target was placed against a rock
and Mrs. Jordan went toward it,

Dr, Jordan calléd to her to get behind a
tree, so that the tree would be between
herself and the rock. She misunderstood
him and placed herself so that the tree
was between her and her husband, Dr,
Jordan fired and the bullet was splintered
against the rock, Mrs, Jordan was struck,
Whether it was a portion of the rock or the
bullet that hit her is not known, Her left
eye was badly injured. Dr. Jordan at-
tended to the wound the best he could and
soon had her on the way to Brooklyn.

Last night it was said at the hospital that
while the wound was dangerous it was
believed that she might recover to some
extent the sight of the eye, The sight of
the right eye is not affected,

OUTLAW CHIEF'S LEAPTO DEATH.

Suicide of Felizardo Leaves Luzon Island
Free of His Class.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

MANILA, Sept. 18.—The leap to death of
Felizardo, chief of the outlaws in the prov-
ince of Cavite, has deeply ‘impressed the
Filipinos. His numerous escapes from
capture had caused many natives to regard
him as invulnerable and had made him
almost an object of worship with them.
The cliff near the Batangas border from
which Felizardo leaped when he was cor-
ered by the constabulary yesterday is
800 feet high. Former comrades of the
outlaw chief have identified his body.

Felizardo was the last of the powerful
bandit leaders of the Island of Luzon and
the Americanistas of Cavite are congratu-
lating the constabulary upon the end of
outlawry in that province. The news-
papers got out extras upon the receipt of
the news,

A native sub-inspector, ten men of the
constabulary and fifteen volunteers, mem-
bers of the detachment which surrounded
Felizardo, will divide the $6,000 reward
which the Government had offered: for his
capture, dead gr alive,

SHAW’S SON HUSTLES IN ALASKA,

Pride of the Secrtiary’s Family Works Alli
Summer in a Saimon Cannery,

SEATTLE, Sept. 1i8.—Willlam P. Shaw,
son of the Secretary of the Treasury, ar-
rived in Seattle yesterday after having
spent the summer working in a salmon
cannery in Alaska. Young Shdw was sent
north by his family, who had got an idea
that it would do him good to gei out in the
world, see something of life and incidentally
hustle a bit for himself.

The boy, determined to go to Alaska,
finally secured employment as waiter on
one of the Alaska boats and worked his
way north. Once there he left the ship
and proceeded to seek employment. This
he finally found in a cannery, where he
worked industriously all summer. As soon
as he returned to Seattle and civilization
he hunted up a number of friends and held
revel with them.

MADE CRAZY BY A LIVE WIRE.

Italian’s Hand Burned to jthe Bones Before
He Could Be Reieased.

STAMFORD, Conn., Sept. 18.—Held for
five minutes in the grasp of a live wire
to-night, Gabriel Mallozza was made tem-
porarily insane by pain and fear. James
Lynas and Daniel O'Mara, who tried to save
Mallozza, were knocked down by the cur-
rent. Mallozza was finally pulled from
the wire by the motorman of a street car,
who used g rubber coat to protect his hands
Mallozza fled in a delirium of fear and pain,
and it was some time before he could be
found. His hand was burned to the bones |
in several places. His reason seems to
have been unseated by the accident.

A telephone wire of the Consolidated
Railway Company fell across an electric
light wire, and Mallozza took hold of the

re to remove it.

SWELL OPIUM JOINT RAIDED.

Detectives Get Three Women Prisoners and
a Fine Outat,

Detectives Shea and Cunny of the Weat
Sixty-eighth street station raided a luxuri-
ously fitted private opium joint on the third
floor of 238 West Forty-third street last
night. They arrested Minnie Roberta,
charged with running the place, and two
men and two women who were patrons
han opium owen, wee be nner Te police

ever seen spat ly valuable was
a pipe of Chinese wood inlaid with ivory
and mother of pearl.

mi Gorn

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

edt

3 SEPTEMBE R 19, 1905. — Copyright, ‘ao, by The Bun Printing a edi Bubhebing Association,

WITTE DIRECTS SHIP CONCERT

MAKES SPEECH PRAISING CZAR,
KAISER AND ROOSEVELT.

Signs Programa Which Bring Good Prices
at Auotion—Deciines to Be Inter-
viewed on Landing | at Cherbourg
—Goes Gn te Paris for a Short Rest.

Special Cable Despatches to Tux SuN.

Piymourn, Sept. 18.—When Mr. Witto
arrived here to-day on the Kaiser Wilhelm II.
he was asked in the course of an interview
whether he thought the rioting in Tokio
was likely to interfere with the ratification
of the treaty, He replied that he did not
think it would.

During the voyage Witte presided at the
usual concert. In answering the toast to
his health proposed by Col. Kowalsky,
who praised him for the accomplishment of
peace, Witte attributed the peace to the
Czar. He said;

“What was well done in the historic
transaction at Portsmouth was planned by
the Czar and was executed by me as his
servant. It was my duty and has been my
aim to loyally fulfil his instructions. The
credit for the result is justly his. Of the
Ozar's friend President Roosevelt and the
noble part played by him in the matter I
need aay nothing. Weare familiar with the
facts, which already have passed into his-
tory. I should like, however, to draw at-
tention to the fact that since we left the
hospitable shores of the United States we
have been sailing under the German flag,
and to all intents and purposes living on a
piece of floating German territory. I need
not remind you that the august ruler of that
empire is a warm friend of the Czar and of
President Roosevelt. I feel sure, therefore,
that I am the exponent of your own wishes
when I propose that we rise and do honor
to Kaiser Wilhelm II.”

CHERBOURG, Sept. 18.—The Kaiser Wil-
helm II. encountered fogs and frequent
rains on the passage. Mr. Witte passed
much of the time in his stateroom, where
he usually took his meals. Whenever he
associated with his fellow passengers he
impressed them with his amiability.

He made no attempt to avoid the amateur
photographers aboard who sought to get
pictures of him. He wrote his autograph
on photographs, and after the concert he
signed several programs, which were
sold at auction at prices varying from
$40 to $12 each.

He réfused to be interviewed at Plymouth
or Cherbourg. He waved reporters away,

saying: “No more interviews. I. have
nothing to say except that the treaty is
signed,”

Mr. Witte disembarked at Cherbourg,
whete his wife and daughter, Mme. Narish-
kine, met him After exchanging af-
fectionate embraces the party took a train
for Paris, where they will remain a few
days and then start for St. Petersburg
by way of Brussels. After Mr. Witte has
reported to the Czar he hopes to go to Italy
for the benefit of his health.

Lonpon, Sept. 10:--A correspondent of
the Ezpreea at Cherbourg quotes M. Ko-
rostowetz as representing Mr. Witte as
being sore on journalists. He said the
American Government put him on an island
and he oould not, get away. Seventy
journalists stayed’ at the same hotel.

Ha now hatesethe sight of a journalist.
He found themsvutside his bedroom every
morning, in the barber shop, in the dining
room, everywhere. He even found them
disguised as chauffeurs.

According to the 7elegraph, it is believed
that the Czar will confer a countsbip on Mr.
Witte, who, however, is desirous of aban-
doning the cares of office for private life.

TAKES ISSUE WITH ROOSEVELT.

French Correspondent Defends Alleged
Interview at Oyster Bay,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Sept. 18.—Pau) Lagardére, corre-
spondent of the Petit Parisien, who arrived
to-day at Cherbourg on the steamer Kaiser
Wilhelm II., telegraphs to his paper as
follows:

“I received your two wireless despatches
in midocean. I immediately saw Mr.
Witte and Segged that he would give moe
information respecting the secret clauses
in the treaty. Mr. Witte laughed outright
at the mention of secret clauses, and said:
‘On my word of honor, the treaty Baron
Komura and I signed at Portsmouth does
not contain a single secret clause, I au-
thorize you to formally say so.’”

Lagardére adds that the text of the
treaty was cabled in cipher to St. Peters-
burg the very night it was signed. The
message consisted of 1,519 groups of figures
and the full tariff, amounting to 30,000
franos, was paid on it.

Regarding President Roosevelt's denial
of Lagarlére’s alleged interview with him
at Oyster Bay, the correspondent tele-
graphs: “On my arrival I received a com-
munication denying the interview I sent
from New York. I affirm most formally
that I in that telegram faithfully reported
the words of the President of the United
States. I furthermore reserve the right to
prove at the proper time how and under
what conditions I had said interview.”

JOHN SPENCER TURNER DEAD.

Cotton Duck Trust Dircctor Stricken by
Apoplexy.

John Spencer Turner, director and vice-
president of the United States Cotton Duck
Corporation and head of the J. Spencer
Turner Company o' this city, died of apo-
plexy yester’-v at the Monomonock Inn,
at Caldwell, 1. J, Sitting on the piazza
| after luncheon, he complained of feeling
| il} and he went to his room. A physician
was called, treated him and went away,
leaving him cotefortable. The doctor was
{again summonod in haste and found Mr.
Turner dead.

 

 

 

Mr. Turner was 75 years old and one of | Darling called for it last night.

 

Deen ee nnn ncn neces enna aeatieneaahaieaeenlll
n ft " we) ve " ‘ Pra a he tes ca wer een

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1908, ~~

eee

“nq

Fair and warmer to-day; showers to-morrow? \

 

 

fresh south winds.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

—

CZAR TO CALL PEACE MEETING,

Roosevelt Said to Favor Having Proposal
Come From St. Petersburg.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae SuN.

Lonpon, Sept. 18—~A St. Petersburg
despatch to a news agency says that con-
trary to the statement from Washington
that President Roosevelt contemplates
summoning a second peace conference at
The Hague, it is authoritatively declared
that Russia proposes to address the foreign
Powers with this object,

President Roosevelt is very favorably
disposed toward such a step, being of
the opinion that the initiative ought to come
from the Czar as the originator of the
Hague tribunal.

 

“OLD IRONSIDES” LEAKING.

The Constitution in a Bad Way and Not
Likely to Last Long.

BosTon, Sept. 18.—The ancient frigate
Constitution, familiarly known as “the
firat ship of the American navy,” which
has for years been one of the most valu-
able possessions of the Charlestown navy
yard, is in danger of sinking, and itis learned
that the ship cannot last many years.

The frigate is leaking badly, and the
hold fills so rapidly that it is necessary
to use a power pump frequently. The
officers of the yard are afraid to risk pla-
cing the ship in dry dock to make repairs,
as the vessel would probably crush with
its own weight. The Constitution is prob-
ably the most valuable relic, historically,
in Uncle Sam's navy.

KOMURA IMPROVES STEADILY.

Will Probably Be Well Enough to Start for
Home September 26.

Baron Komura will probably bs well
enough to start for home September 26,
it was said at the Waldorf-Astoria last
night. Mr, Sato, his secretary, gave out
the following bulletin:

“The physicians in attendance upon Baron
Komura met in consultation Dr, Suzuki,
surgeon-general of the Imperial Japanese
navy. They pronounoed the Baron's con-
dition satisfactory: in every respect, and
expect an uninterrupted convalescence.
The diagnosis of mild, irregular typhoid
fever was agreed upon,”

BRYAN MISSES PRIMARIES,

Forgets His First, Favérite and Most Force-
ful Injunction te Democrats.

Lincotn, Neb,, Sept, 18.—After two
national campaigns in which he conjured
Democrats to go to the primaries Mr.
Bryan was absent from the primary in
his own precinct to-night.

“I did not When the primary was to be
held to-night,” said he this afternoon,
“when I promised to attend a meeting of
the Round Table this evening.”

The Round Table is a social club that
delves deep into economics,

TRAIN KILLS ESCAPED LUNATIC.

Close Pressed by Pursuers, He Falls Under
Wheels--Companion gtill at Large.

Pirtspura, Sept. 18.—Robert Joyce and
Thomas Booth, two powerfully built insane
men, escaped from the State asylum at
Dixmont last night and there was much
excitement about Pittsburg when the alarm
was sent out at daybreak.

Shortly before 8 o'clock a_ searching
party came on Joyca near Economy, and in
his efforts to escape the insane man fell
under a moving train and was killed.

Booth is still at liberty.

A SUMMER DAY IN CHICAGO.

Thermometer Registers 82 Degrees, 10
, Above Normal Temperature.

Curcaco, Sept. 18.—-Summer weather
conditions prevailed to-day.

The normal temparature for September
18 is 64 degrees, while the calculations of
the Weather Bureau to-day showed
the mean temperature to be 74 degrees,
At noon the mercury had reached the 82
mark and at 2 P. M. it was 83 degrees.

 

 

 

 

GEORGE MACDONALD DEAD.

English Novelist Was 81 and Hat @scn
Writing Since 1836.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sun,
Lonpon, Sept. 18:—George Macdonald,
the novelist, died to-day.

George Macdonald was born at Huntly,
Aberdeenshire, in 1824, and his first book,
“Within and Without,” appeared when he
was 82. He was the author of many others,
including “Annals of a Quiet Neighbor-
hood,” 1866; “The Diary of An Old Soul,*
880; “There and Back,” 1891; “Rampolli,”
1897; also “Unspoken Sermons” and “ What's
Mine's Mine.”

“GRAIN SWAMPS RAILWAYS.

. —__
Minneapolis Has Its First Million Bushels
Day of the New Crop Season.

MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 18.—With 1,899,400
bushels of grain in the railroad yards
and a business around the cash tables that
approximated 830,468, this was the first
really big day of ths new crop season at
the Chamber of Commerce.

Tt was a million bushel day, and it reached
up to figures that, large as they were, would
have run much, heavier were the railroads
able to get enough cars to handle all
grain tonnage offerod. The railroads are
ananped and employees are working

gh

THOUGHTFUL THIEF, THIS.

Returns Victim’s Pocketbook, Minus Cash,
Throngh the Malls.

Former Town Collector John 8. Darling

 

 

of West New York, N. J., missed his pocket-.

book containing $65 and some checks while
riding in a trolley car on his way to Union
Hill on Sunday. A West Hoboken letter
carrier found He pocketbook in a letter
box at Jane and Spring Streets yesterday
while collecting tters. He turned it
over to Postmaster Richhorn, and Mr.
‘The money

the beat known men in the cotton duck | Was missing, but the checks ks were intact.

He was instrumental in organizing
His

trade.
the so-called Cotton Duck Trust.

| KING EDWARD OFFERS BIBLE.

 

health had not been good of late years. | proposes to Commemorate Tricentenntal

His wife was: with him when he died. His

home was at 67 Rémeen strect, Brooklyn.
In July, 1902, the title of Marquis was
conferred on John Spencer Turner of Brook-
lyn by the Pope in h peoneniticn of his phil-
anthropic fyenoe ity Turner leaves
son who was named

child
aiter him was on one time a high church
Episcopal minister in Brooklyn and became
a Catholic, *

Bonapartes at Oyster Bay.
Overas Baz, N. Y., Sopt. 18

¢ epee 20. GTS

J. Bonaparte, Secretary of the Navy, and
Mrs. Bonaparte, who had been summering

here at 7:30 to-
;| plas and i

 

men

ln

. arrived

‘with President and Mrs.
arrived on the ee

leave to-

of English Church in America.

Ricumonp, Va., Sept. 18.—By command
of pine Toward the Archbishop of Canter-
bury has written the rector of Bouton
Episcopal Church, at Williamsburg, the
second oldest church in the United States,
offering to donate an 1 appropriately bound
and inscribed Bible in commemoration of
the three hundredth anniversary of the es-
Vabilahutent of the English Church in Vir-
gin

DEWEY'S “BRUT-CUVEE" CHAMPAGNE.
One bottle will scones ru of its Sener
H. a PE DENY & Sons Co., 1 Fulton St., New ¥ ork

TRE gis abtrakhune ia GETTYSBURG BATTLEFIELL
Is best to Get bo: iakiog the ad | Washingvon, Railroad

Tour Jeavin
$32 isa Feud SD, 60) all_nece <

‘One da t
cic pe hana ae aay at Geib

SR SNS LL a a aes a ee EE eee EE eee eee

| dares in the morning

 

MURDER SKBIN MORE TANGLED

re ae
NO THEORY EXPLAINS GUSSIE
PFEIFFER’S DEATH.

Police at a Loss as to When and Where Bru-
tal Crime Was Committed—No Trace
Yet of Suspect Girard—Many Think
That Murderer Had an Accomplice.

The police of The Bronx are about certain
that Joseph Girard, a Goal wagon driver,
knows something of the murder of Gusale
Pfeiffer, the young woman whose mur-
dered and outraged body was found in a
thicket along Pelham road last Saturday.
There is a general alarm out for him, and
detectives are watching every exit from
New York for him.

When a trail was found leading to him
every one connected with the case thought
that it had been cleared up, As a matter |
of fact the discoveries of yesterday have
only deepened the mystery. Not only is the
crime itself a curious one, but the evidencs
is so conflicting that no one has b2en able
to form a theory which will hold water as to
what really happened to Gussie Pfeiffer,

To understand this queer case it is neces-
sary to understand the region in which
the murder occurred, Near the loneliest
and wildest part of the Pelham road stands
the Buehler house. It is perhaps 100 feet
from the road and on a slight knoll. In
the hollow between the knoll and the road
are thick bushes and high golden rod, It
was at a spot among these bushes about
fifty feet from the road that the body was
discovered, The place is within easy sight
of any one passing along the gravel walk
which bordera the road. ;

About a quarter of a mile further north
there is a little nucleus of asettlement, such
as is frequently seen here and there along
these country roads. There are two saloons,
one on each side of the road, a blacksmith
shop anda few houses, The largést of the
saloons is Stern's. Connected with it is
a two story frame house, occupied by Mr.
and Mrs, Albert Klener, an elderly German
couple. They have nothing to do with the
saloon, About a city block further along,
and hidden from the saloon by a turn of
the road, is the house where the Pfeiffer
fanily hag lived for eleven years,

GTRARD'S ODP AISTORY,

Mr. and Mrs. Klener are very feeble—she
is also nearly blind—and they need some
one to take care of them. Five months
ago they hired as maid of all work, Mra.
Julia Mahon, commonly known as Mrs.
Donavan. They entered into a peculiar ar-
rangement with her. She had a man with
her, this same Joseph Girard. She offered
to do their work if they would give board
and, room to her and her “man.”

Two rooms at the top of the house and
the attic were given to the pair. This part
of the house belonged to them aBsolutely.
Mrs. Klener has not been in these rooms
since the couple took them. Mrs. Mahon
used to cook the meals for Girard and serve
them in the kitchen. He worked as a coal
wagon driver for Bowne Bros., a coal and
lumber firm of West Chester. He was re-
garded as quiet and well behaved by the
neighbors. So far as any ane can find,
he was not even acquainted with the
Pfeiffer family.

Three weeks ago rather a strange thing
happened to Girard, He disappeared and
was gone for six days, The Mahon woman
raised an alarm among the neighbors. At
the end of that time he was found, wrapped
from head to foot in gunny sacks, in the
pigeon house of a combined shed and hen-
house which stands fifty feet back from the
Klener house. He was taken out in a coma.
tose condition and sent to’the Fordham.
Hospital.
suffering from a drug, probably knockout
drops. He never told how he was drugged,
or, in fact, what happened during the aix
days,

THE GIRL’S DISAPPEARANCE,

Gussie Pfeiffer, as has been told before;
started home from her. boarding place
on Wednesday night and was not seen
alive since that night. Her movements,
however, have been pretty aocourately
traced up to the time when she plunged

“nto the glooms of the Pelham road,

She left her boarding house soon after
her early dinner, Her handbag was out
of order, so she borrowed e of Mes,
Breiner, with whom fhe boarded, It was
a black feather bag with a braided handie,
and she had in it a dollar bill and some
small change. That bag was not with the
body and has not been found,

People who knew her and are sure of
their identification saw her take a Throgg’s
Neck car from West Chester at half past 7
o'clock. At 8 o'clock she was seen getting
off that car at the nearest stop tc her house,
She then had before her a lonely walk
through the darkness, but she had been
accustomed to it from childhood. \At that
point Gussie Pfeiffer, the live Gussie Pfeiffer,
drops out of this story so far as it has been
worked out. The young men of the neigh-
borhood were sitting on the porches of the
two saloons all that evening. None of them
remembers seeing her pass.

ACCOUNTING FOR GIRARD.

The movements of Girard have been

traced also. Late in the afternoon he
delivered a load of coal at Stern's. There
seemed to be nothing abnormal] about him
then. Just before 6 o’clock he came driv-
ing like mad into the coal yard, acting in
every way as though he were drunk. Fore-
man Agnews fired him and told him to came
on Saturday night for his pay.
. Inside of the next few minutes he had
joined his chum, Ed Harned. This man
Harned was 2lso a frequenter of the strange
Klener household. He was with Girard
until perhaps & o ‘clock, when he went into
Dillon's barber shop, leaving Girard sitting
outside. The suspect was not seen about
West Cheater the rést of that night.

There is some doubtiul evidence that he
was seen lurking along the FERIA Fone
later in the evening. There is also
story of two girls of the Salauternooa
told to Capt. Burfeind, to the effect that a
dark form which looked like a man all
hunched up” had crossed the road some
distance below the point where the body

was found. At any rate, when Girard
was last seen in West Chester, in spite of
his queer conduct at the coal Yard, © was

not conspicupusly drunk.

There is Pretty seronk, evidence that
screams were heard f. ion about
the haunted oak lake’ me yr lay night.
The police bave this from half a dozen
different sources.

‘the next stage of the evidence comes
from Mrs, Klener and Mrs. Mahon,

On ‘Thursday morning Girard left for
his work as usual, at least Mrs, Klener
supposed that it was to his work he went,
Mrs, Mabon came
downetairs, bringing with her a set of over-
She dumped thes int»

TOUR To GE To ‘GETTYSBURG & WASHINGTON,

Pennsylvania Raliroad areoaally conducted fall

expenses from New York oe Cons aes sau
m ° y. ns Sta

E. P. A. 23 Sth Avenue, New eee gear

alls and a jumper,

 

There it was found that he was =

~

~d

4