Qu =e

VOL. LXX.—NO, 26.
P,R.R. TUNNEL WORK UNDONE.
MAYOR HAS APPROVAL OF THE
CONTRACT RESCINDED.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
 
  
 
 
   
  

  
 

—_ : es =
HONOLULU CABLE IN 80 DAYS.

(larence Mackay to Make San Francisco
His Home,

San Francisco, Sept, 25. — Charence
Mackay, after probating his father’s will,
left last night for New York to attend a
meeting of the directors of the Pacifie Cable
Company in New York,

Richard V. Dey, Mackay's agent here,
says that within eighty days messages
will pass over the Pacific cable between
San Francisco and Honolulu

Dey also announces that voung Mackay
will make San Franciseo his home and will
direct the cable business from headquarters
here, which will be in a new skyscraper
that Mackay will build on a fine lot at the
corner of Fourth and Market streets

Market street is now being dug up for
a trench in which cable pipes will be laid
to the beach, and Mackay expects to return
here in November with General Manager
Ward of the Commercial Cable Company,
They will witness the departure of the
cable steamer Silverton for Honolulu

CHINESE LEPER CURED?
Patient Quarantined tn St.
Discharged,
St. Lovis, Mo., Sept Dong Gong,
the Chinese leper patient at the St. Louis
Quarantine Hospital, is recommended for
discharge as cured by Dr. M,C. Woodruff,
superintendent of the hospital
Dong Gong was sent to quarantine on
Nov. 6, 1901, with a clearly defined case of
leprosy He was sequestered in a build-
ing built for his use, Dr. Woodruff took
charge of the patient and began a method
of treatment which afew months ago caused
the patient to show such improvement that
the physician said he believed the leper
would be permanently cured
In a communication to the Health Com-
missioner to-day he recommends the dis-
charge of Dong Gong. A commission of
medical experts has been summoned to
examine the patient, and if its report sus-
tains that of Dr Woodruff Dong Gong will
be released

 

 

 

Bays He Wants a Public Hearing—Sup-
posedly for the Labor Unions—Hear-
ing Set for Next Thursday—President
Swanstrom Would Tunnel the Narrows.

Much to the aurprise—to say the least—of
geome of his associates, Mayor Low yester-
dav had the Rapid Transit Commission re-
wind its resolution approving of the terma
of the franchise for the Pennsylvania Rail-
road tunnel. He said he wanted a public
hearing on it. The probebility is that the
many controversies over he terms of the
contract will be renewed which were seem-
ingly amicably settled two weeks ago at
the last conference between the represen -
tatives of the Aldermen and the Rapid
Transit Cammission, The resolution passed
yesterday, withdrawing the commission's
approval from the revised contract, virt-
ualy puts back the whole matter to where
jt stood whan the Pennsylvania company
first began to confer with the municipal
authorities. The result of yesterday's ac-
Uon is that no tentative franchise now
exists for submission to the Aldermen on
Oct. 7

The incident which brought about this
new state of things lasted for only a few
moments. A communication was read from
the Pennsylvania people asking for per-
mission to modify the route of the tunnel
railroad. ‘The plans as now drawn provide
that the requisite curve to connect the
tracks under Manhattan, which run on @
straight line beneath East Thirty-firat and
Thirty-second streets with Long Island City,
shall be under the bed of the East River,
The change the company desires to make
«to construct the curve under land between
second and First avenues, so that a straight
boring may be made under the river's bed.

It was when this proposition was read to
the commission that Mayor Low suggested

at the franchise already approved by
hoard be rescinded. He said

“There ought to be a public hearing upon
this franchise. From what has transpired
so far it seems to me that the public would
he justified in saying that this board has
given no opportunity whatever to the
public to express its opinion upon the terms
of the franchise.”

President Alexander FE. Orr of the Rapid
Transit Commission, who did not seem
altogether to like the Mayor's proposal,
said

 

 

Louls May Be

he

 

WESTCHESTER FOR PUGSLEY.
All

 

the Delegates Pledged—Me@elland
Wins His Fight.

Mount VERNON, Sept. 25.—The delegates
to the Democratic State Convention elected
to-day in the First and Second districts of
Westchester county pledged their support

1 : : ; . unanimously {o Congressman Cornelius
I think the publie has had ae nee A. Pugsley of Peekskill for the nomination
of all that we purposed doing and havedone | gor Governor The Third district. conven-

in connection with this franchise, It is
apparent that the public knew what was
going on because we have received many
communications and resolutions from publie
bodies. However, I would be willing and
glad to invite the public to discuss this
matter with us.”

Comptroller Grout, who, unlike some of
the other members of the board instantly
discerned the effect of the Mayor's propo-
sition, asked if the public hearing suggested
by Mr. Low would be confined to a con-
sideration merely of the change of route
desired by the Pennsylvania company
» “No,” replied the Mayor, “I think it would
be better that the whole question of this
franchise should be discussed publicly.”

A motion rescindir the apprpval to
the contract passed ne board ae week
was then unanimou adopted, as was a
second one appointing pext Thursday
for a public hearing, to which the Alder-
Committee and the

tion, held yesterday in Yorktown, took
similar action, and so the Congressman has
the united support of the county. It is
believed that Congressman Pugsley may
also receive support on the first. ballot
from some of the counties in the Hudson
River district

There was a bitter fight to-day at the con-
vention of the Second district, held in Port
Chester, over the election of delegates
An attempt was made by John W. Digney
of White Plaine and other Hill men to keep
ex-Senator Charles P, McClelland of Dobbs
Ferry out of the State convention. The Hill
men nominated John W. McCarthy of Port
Chester, John G. Agar of New Rochelle
and Thomas H. O'Neill, the Tammany
leader of the annexed district, as delegates,
Ex-Senator McClelland saved himself from
defeat by forming a. combination with
O Neill. “He ed MeCurty by about
thirty votes.

manic Conferen@ mit The O'Neill-McClelland victory makes it
publie in | page will be invited almost certain that MoClelland will be nomi-
Mayor Low was not present at the meet- | jated to run against Senator Isaac N. Mills

ings of the commission at which the Penn-
svivania franchise was considered, and
after the resolutions referred to had been
passed yesterday he said:

“This whole matter must now be treated
in the light of a new franchise and let every-
thing concerning it be openly discussed.”

Comptroller Grout said after the meetin
that he presumed that the Mayor wishe«
that a full opportunity be given to the
labor unions and every one else interested
in the project, to make known their views,

Borough President Cantor, who has
heen fighting the franchise, giving as his
reasons the failure to insert an eight-hour
and prevailing-rate-of-wages clause, said:

“T had a long talk with the Mayor yes-
terday upon the subject of this franchise
and | urged upon him the necessity of
insisting upon the labor clauses. In view
of the action taken by the Mayor to-day
| shall not draw up for peeeeree to
the Aldermen, as I intended, a minority
report in opposition to a report which the
majority of the Aldermen's committee
intended to submit recommending the
granting of the franchise.”

Vice-President Green of the Pennsylvania
company said last night that the officials
of the company had not expected that the
mere application for a slight change of
route would have led to what seemed a prac-
tical reopening of the consideration of the
terms of the franchise.

“But whatever developments may arise,”
he said, “I am in a position to say author-
itatively that the Pennsylvania company
will make no more concessions than it has
already made. Our position has been clear

‘to the Rapid Transit Commission and to
the Aldermen-of New York, and it now rests
with the authorities of the clty to decide
whether or not they want the Pennsylvania
company to connect its system with the
metropolis.”

Borough President Swanstrom of Brook-

in the rae district.

The Westchester delegation to the Demo-
cratic State Convention will consist of
Congressman Pugsley, Mayor Walsh of
Yonkers, Mayor Fisk of Mount Vernon,
State Committeeman I, J. Beaudrias of
Yonkers, John G, Agar of New Rochelle,
ex-Senator McClelland of Dobbs Ferry,
Dr. Edward F. Sheehan of Ossining, John
J. Sinnott of North Tarrytown and Thomas
H. O'Neill of the annexed district

 

HEINZE'S POLITICAL

Seeking Alliance With the Labor Party
and Populists.

HELENA, Mon, Sept. 25.—The Labor
party is assembled in State convention here
to-day for the purpose of nominating can-
didates for Congressman and Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, After effect-
ing a temporary organization and appotut-
ing the usual committees an adjour: mont
was taken until evening.

The chief interest centres in the action
of the convention regarding a coalition
with Heinze's new party (being formed at
Butte to-night) and with the Populists,
also in convention in that city. The lead-
ers of the Labor purty as a whole seem to
be opposed to forming an alliance with
Heinze, although the latter is represented
by a vigorous lobby which is exerting
strenuous efforts to bring about the result
When the conventon reassembled, the
committees were nd read¥ to report and
an adjournment un to-morrow morning
was taken,

The Heinze men wy that this means
that a coalition wit! the Populists and
Heinz's “Citizen's pary” will be effected
to-morrow. The menbers of the con-
vention, however, say that there will not
be an alliance

MOVE,

 

lyn sent a communication to the Rapid iiabesieinitiatakcaiieaiiie
Transit Commission yesterday urging | THE ADJUTANT VENERALSHIP.
that the second tunnel to be constructec . ilies

 

hetween Manhattan and Brooklyn should
he built from the Battery to and alon
Hamilton avenue; that the terminus o
Fast River Bridge No. 3 be connected with
the tunnel now being constructed along
Atlantic avenue, by a spur diverging at
Flatbush avenue, and that another exten-
sion of the same underground route be
made along Fourth avenue to Fort Hamilton
and thence under the Narrows, so as to
bring the residents of Richmond into direct
railroad communication with Manhattan.

After the motion of Mayor Low, Chief
Engineer Parsons was instructed to prepare
estimates of the cost of the plans proposed
by Mr. Swanstrom.

——

NO CHANCE TO RE WILD BEASTS

The Office in the New Jersey ‘ational
Guard Tendered to CU, Breintnall,

Gov. Murphy of New Jetey has tendered
the office of Adjutant-Gewral to Col. R.
Heber Bretntnall of Newak commander
of the First Regiment. lol, Breintnall
has not decided to accept th post, but has
taken a day to think over if} He hates to
part with the members of th regiment to
which he has been attachedmany years
He is a veteran of the Civil Wr, was’ com:
missary-sergeant of the Fiet Veteran
Regiment of Newark in 1887 ind became
a captain and Inspector of Rile Practice
in the National Guard in 188) Major in
1486, Lieutenant-Colone! in 82 and be-
came Colopel last year upon th advance-
ment of Col. Campbell The pet offered
to him is made vacant by thedeath of
Gen A.C. Oliphant

 

 

German-Bred Sea Lions, Elephant and
Other Creatures,

Aboard the Hamburg-American liner
Patricia, in yesterday from Hamburg, were
a chimpanzee, said to be one of the most
intellectual simians in captivity; a trick
elephant born in Germany, a dozen goats
that have been grazing on the literature of
Berlin; a German-born creature half lion
and half tiger, ten white Russian poodles,
several sea lions that have never been to
sea, having been born in German tanks,
and many other creatures that might have
been wild if their immediate progenitors
hadn't been brought up by hand. Most
of them know more than a two-year-old
human, They have been bred and trained
by Hagenbeck. Some will be seen at the
New York Theatre next month; others will
go to the zoological gardens of Philadel-
phia and Cincinnati. The chimpanzee will
go to Central Park.

BOY TIED NAKED TO A WEL,

Negro Tortured Him, He Said--H1 Asgail-
ant Put In J
New ORLEANS, La., Sept, Seorge
Trauth, a white boy 11 years old, waYound
this afternoon tied naked to a trek He
was in a desperate condition, havingbeen
assaulted, tortured and cut and héawas
covered with ants and other insects. Yhen
brought to his home and he had recotped |
his senses be declared that his assaant
wasanegro. Aparty of white men searted
the neighboring flelds and a negro jas
found concealed there who was identhed
by the boy as his assailant |
“The father of the boy inocked the neg,
whose name was Clem Garrison, sensehs
with a club, and an attempt was maddeig
arrest the man, He was finally taken,
the police station and ultimately to t
parish prison for protection, as the nial
bors of the boy were very excited over t
outrage e

 

25

 

“Black andWhite,” the Popalar Scotch Whiskey,
Smooth as silk—tt never fails to please all tastes,
Ade

It Shows How the Wind Blows,
The sales of Frank Jones Portsmouth Ales and

Twenty Hours to Chicago.
‘The train on the New York Central and Lake

vew ¥ » Ine A over 80% durin
§ the 980 miles between New York and | nourishing Stout have Increased ¢

pape, Beene in twenty hours, 8 appropriately | their second year in the New York Masur, Koc.
pawed The 2th Century Limited,—Ads. & Harris, Agents, 68 Cortlandt sirect,— ide

 

~NEW

 

 

IDAY,

YORK, FR
PLATT IS AT THEYLD STAND.

SORRY HE
ENEMY

 

CAN'T OBLIGE THE
BY RETIRING,

 

Object of the Conference With Odell at
Saraioga to Get the Best Possible
Ticket--Kings Didn't Get What It
Wanted—Conduct Open to Critletsm,

Senator Platt came back to town yester-
day afternoon at 3 o'clock from Saratoga
in excellent humor. He had heard from
a number of Democratic sources that Gov
Odell had dug a political grave for him at
Saratoga and tumbled him into it.

“I am very sorry to disappoint those
deeply interested friends of mine who
have retired me from polities,” said the
Senator. “They are so earnest about it
that it seems too bad to disobey them
But if they will come around they will find
that 1am still doing business at the old
stand. All of us Republicans are going to
pitch in now and elect the Saratoga ticket
headed by Odell

“The Sheldon incident at Saratoga |ias
been much magnified and exaggerated
by our Democratic friends. All of us

Republicans wanted to get the best ticket
that it was possible to put in the field. Mr.
Sheldon was the Governor's candidate as
well as mine, and Senator Higgins, who has
been nominated, Was my original candidate.
I was for him last winter, as everybody

will remember, Mr, Sheldon acted in a
most admirable and manly fashion about
this matter. His name was suggesied to
us by several men, and after putting him
forward | felt that it was my duty to stick
to him

“I do not think, as some people seem
to, that there was anything out of place
or improper. about Gov, Odell's tmp to
Saratoga. He had been bombarded from
all sides with reports about the situation,
which were lurid enough to make him want
to find out for himself exactly what the
situation was. The situation was at Sara-
toga, the Governor came there. He
came right straight to my cottage, and I
told him that I thought that the talk about
Mr. Sheldon hurting the ticket was very
greatly eXag oraied, So he went away
and talked with the others, and then he
came back and with Mr. Sheldon there we
went over the pros and cons of the situation,
and Mr. Sheldon acted in a most manly
fashion and everything is all right now

“If L had persisted and insisted, Mr
Sheldon would have been nominated and
there would have been no opposition of
any account to him. This matter is not
the first one over which we Republicans
have had differences of opinion. ‘There was
a question of Mr. Quigg’s being the tem-
porary chairman. In that case I persisted
and insisted, and Mr. Quigg was the tem-
porary chairman, Mr. Quigg vindicated
the wisdom of the selection, Many men
who have not been friendly with Mr. Quigg
told me that they never heard a finer pout-
ical speech than he made to the convention,
and I think they're right. It was a splendid

speech, It was delivered under the most
adverse circumstances that is, before an
unfriendly audience For fifteen minutes

the audience stood out against Mr. Quigg,
and then it had to come over to his side

“in the matter of selecting a candidate
for Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor
was the man running at the head of the
ticket. He was the man most deeply inter-
ested in the success of the Ucket, and his
wishes were entitled to the utmost con-
sideration, Differences of opinion be-
tween Republicans on important matters
are not uncommon, but all this talk about
unpleasant feelings is nonsense. Mr. Shel-
don is going to do now just what he has been
doing for years for the Republican ticket
He is a fine Republican, a most honorable
man, and his action this fall will be just
what it was two years ago and one year
ago. As for Mr. Sheldon’s alleged con-
nections with ‘trusts,’ T suppose he is in-
terested in great corporations just aa every
other Wall Street man is’ but he doesn't
eontrol any of them. Mr. Sheldon is as
friendly with the Governor as he ever was.”

Senator Platt was asked what he thought
about the eonduct of the Kings county dele-
gation at the convention, which was headed
by Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff

“T think their conduct was apen to eriti-
cism,” said the Senator. “Mr. Sheldon was
attacked by his opponents, who wanted
to get their man nominated and they didn’t
get the nomination.”

In answer to a question about the proba-

 

ble effect of the anthracite coal miners
strike on the vote this fall, Senator Platt
said that he did not think that it would
have much effect, although he added

that when there was any great industrial
commotion some persons were inclined to
hold the party in power responsible. Sena-
tor Platt will go to Albany on Oct. 7 to act
as chairman of the committee which will
notify the men selected by the convention
of their nomination. As chairman of the
Notification Committee, Senator Platt will
make a few remarks to the candidates,

 

NEGRO MURDERS CONSTABLE,

 

Also Tries to Kill His Wife--Flees Through
Cornfield Pursued by Posse.

BripckTon, N. J, Sept
Harry Buck White of Greenwich was shot
and killed this afternoon by Samuel Green-
age, a negro he had arrested. Greenage
then attempted to kill his own wife. Mrs
Greenage had her husband arrested for
threatening to kill her. White was taking
him in a buggy from his home to the court
of Justice John T. Hall. The constable,
who was fearless, allowed Greenage to take
his shotgun along. When Greenage wanted
to get three shells which were in the house
the constable let the negro do so, saying:
“Oh, he wouldn't hurt anybody.”

When they arrived at the Justice's court
Greenage jumped from the buggy, slipped
a shell into the gun and shot White in the
left temple. The horse, frightened by the
report, ran away, throwing White's body
into the road,

Greenage ran and hid behind a fence in
a cornfield where he knew his wife would
pass on her way to the Justice's office.
She came along in an open wagon with her
father and mother. Greenage fired at her,
the load striking her in the face, breast
and shoulders. She fell in’ the wagon.
Her wounds are not mortal

Afier shooting his wife Greenage dis-
appeared in the cornfield. Word of the
murder was sent to Bridgeton at once and

Constable

25

Sheriff Hendee, Constables Lore, Custis,
Woodruff and Creswell and Prosecuting
Attorney Fithian started out to search for
the murderer

More shooting is feared, in view of the
desperate characier of the negro, who

shouted, after shooting the constable, that
he would shoot any man who tried to arrest
him. It is said to-night that the murderer
is surrounded in a marsh.

Greenage has been arrested several times,
Last spring he held Constables Chester
and Hillard at bay with a revolver when
they went to arrest him. H@ is a son of
Peter Greenage, a notorious character
who served a term in prison

Constable White was 48 vears old. He
leaves a wife and four children, Officers
are scouring the country to-night and the
village of Greenwich is in a ferment

 

 

Burnett's Extract of Vanilla

In purity and strength pre-eminently superior.
Ade.

 

The through day and night White Mountain trains
via the N. ¥., NH. & H.R. R. will be continued
walt Oct 4, Inclusive. Heduced eacursion rates.
Ade,

a OT

SEPTEMBER

 

26,

COMPLIMENT TO ROOSEVELT,

 

He May Be Made Honorary Colonetl-ine
qhief of a British Regiment.
Spectal Cable Des patch to THR SUN

LONDON, Sept. 24.-- The Chronicle says
that a rumor is afloat that it is intended
to create President Roosevelt) honorary

Colonel-in-Chief of one of the British line

regiments, a position similar to that held

by Emperor William in the British Army
and King Edward in the German Army

HOT LONDON TRACTION FIGHT.

Yerkes Says His Eine Will Be Rutned If
Morgan Line Goes Through,

Special Cate Despatch to THE Sun

Lonpon, Sept. 25. Charles T. Yerkes,
the American railroad magnate, arrived
here Thursday immediately began

the holding of « rences regarding his
London traction se es

He gave anintery iMpeln which he admitted
that he was engaged a critical struggle
with the Morgan ~— financiers, whose
proposal for another underground electric
railway in London will be considered when
Parliament resumes its

The Morgan route is practically the same
as that of the existing District Railway, of
which Mr. Yerkes recently obtained con-
trol, and which, he says, will be equipped
with electric traction in eighteen months,

Mr. Yerkes says that if Parliament authors
izes a rival line it will positively Puin the
District Railway, which has
pulled from the verge of bankruptey

He further said that if he had known
of the rival schemes before he took an
interest in the District Railway he would
not have touched it until they were settled,
Now, however, he was in it and was bound
to see it through. He could
stock even if he tried

During the last session of Parliament there
were debates on the powers of the Logis-
lature to give permission for the construc-
tion of new surface lines in London. Par-
liament refused to vote the new rival scheme
on the ground that it was not the business
of the Legislature to interfere in sueh com-
petition

ession in October,

just) been

not sell his

 

RUSSIA FORESTALLS ENGLAND.

 

Restores Newehwang Rallway Before the
Date Agreed Upon.

Spectal Cable Despaich to THE SUN

PeRIN, Sept. 25--It is authoritatively
stated that one section of the Shanhaik-
wan-Newehwang Railway was secretly
restored by the Russians to the Chinese

on Sept. 23. Yung Lu, First Grand Secre-
tary, understands that the entire line was
handed over to the Chinese, but M. Lessar,
the Russian Minister, says that one section
yet remains to be restored and that it will
be handed over shortly

Viceroy Yuan Shih Kai left Tientsin for
Shanhaikwan to-day to complete the trans-
fer, which is made contrary to the under-
standing @ith the British, who expected
the simultaneous restoration of the Shan-
haikwan-Newchwang and the Pekin- Shan-
haikwan tines on Oct. 8

The present action ia similar to Russia's
Premature evacuation of Pekin in 1990
and her withdrawal from the provisional
government of Tientein, by which
gained credit with the Chinese

The British recently refused to restore
the Pekin-Nhanhaikwan line before Russia
restored the Shanhaikwan-Newchwang line
Sir Ernest Satow, the British Minister,
will go to Tientsin to-morrow to consult
with Gen. Creagh, commanding the British
contingent fleld force in China

she

 

MRS, MARY BF. SCHENLEY. SICK,
Owner of Property in Pittsburg Valued

at 620,000,000,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN
LONvON, Sept. 25.0 Mrs. Mary FE
ley, formerly of Pitisburg, but now of Lon-
don, who has been ill here for three months,
is better, but is not vet able to go out. If
her present favorable progress continues
she will go to France in November, Mrs
Schenley, with her children, is living at
No. 115 Princess Gate, Hyde Park, West
London
Pirrspura, Pa., Sept. 15.-Mrs. Mary E,
Schenley of London the owner an
estate consisting of real property in Pitts-
burg valued at at least $20,000,000. She isthe
donor of Schenley Park to the city and has
given away a great deal of land for ben-
evolent purposes, She is about 80 years

Schen-

is 0

old

Mrs. Sehenley is the descendant of the
oldes: families in Pittsburg. She is the
daughter of Col, Croghan, About sixty

  
 

years ago, W hile she was attending a board-
ing school in Philadelphia, she met Capt
Schenley, an Bnoglish officer traveiling in
the United Srates. She fell in love with
Schenley and eloped with him. Forgiven
by her father she went to England with her
husband and has lived in’ London ever
since, She has not been in Pittsburg for
twenty-five years

WELSH COAL BROUGHT HERE,

 

38,000 Tons Shipped--Price Advances
Two Shillings a Ton.
Special Cab!e Despatch to THR SUN

LonpoON, Sep It is said that in con-
sequence of the American demand = for
Welsh anthracite coal the price of that
commodity has advanced two shillings a
ton within a week. American inquiries
for this coal have suddenly been checked,
but it is thought that this is only a tem-
porary matter.

When the exporters found that the Ameri-
can demand was interfering with their
supplies to regular customers they charged
an extra two or three shillings for ship-
ments to the United States,

As a result of the anthracite strike in
the Pennsvivania coal regions about 35,000
tons of Welsh coal have been shipped to New
York, Philadelphia and Boston in the past
month, This is only about one-third of
the amount demanded

TEULTONIC IN COLLISION,

of
+o

 

Struck by Spantsh Steamship Mayo in the
Mersey -Not Damaged.
Special Cable Despotch to THR Stn

LIVERPOOL, Sept. The White Star
Line steamship Teutonic, Capt. McKinstry,
which sailed from New York on Sept. 17,
was at anchor off Liverpool to-day pre-
paratory (o going alongside the landing
stage to disembark her passengers when
the Spanish steamship Mayo struck her
on the starboard quarter,

The Mayo sustained considerable injury
The Teutonic was not damaged, ‘There
was a heavy fog.

oF
2h,

 

The Train of Fast Travellers.

The Pennsylvania Special makes the run daily
between New York and Chicago In 20 hours. Buffet
oat, SIMs car, sleeping car and observation car.
—.\dv.

    

IN) PLACE OF

 

 

  

~ABNDERSON,

BIRDSALL CHOSEN —~ SHELTER
PLANK REPUDIATED.

 

Cummins Forces Routed in lowa Congres
sional Fight—The State Platform Ine
dorsed, but It Is Denied That Dingley

Law Breeds and Shelters Trusts.
Hampton, la, Sept. 25. Judge B. P

Birdsall of Wright county was nominated
by the Republicans of the Third Lowa dis-

trict here to-day for Congress. He will
go on the ticket in place of Syeaker
Henderson

The contest throughout the convention
was between the Henderson and Cummins
forces. The nominee is a Henderson man
and the platform a Henderson utterance
The

Cummins forces were completely
routed

Natmnes of four men were presented to

the convention as candidates. Only one

of these, C.K. Ransier of Independence, is
a Cummins man, and seven of nine counties
were against him. Burton Sweet, who
was backed by Henderson's former field
manager, his strength before
convention Delegates from Dubuque, the
home of Henderson, swung from Sweet
to Birdsall and forced his nomination

The nominee comes from the extreme
weatern end of the district, and while he
will be hampered by not having a general
acquaintance, his record on the bench is
such as to cormmend him

Owing to the insistence of the Dubuque
delegation a platform was adopted indors-
ing the lowa State platform in toto, but
denying that the Dingley law breeds and
shelters trusts. It reiterates the contention
of the anti-Cummins men that the State
platform means no more than the national
platform, which recites that) the Republi-
ean party is not bound by any particular
tariff schedule. The quality of the indorse-
ment is a direct denial that tariff shelters
monopoly, as the State platform is construed
to imply

Gov, Cummins is on record as declaring
that the State platform means “just what
it says,” and is having enumerated specific
instances wherein he alleges the tariff
shelters truste

The vote on the third ballot, which re-
sulted in the choice of Birdsall and which
showed the strength of the respective
forces, was as follows: Birdsall, §8; Ransier,
36; Sweet, 1.

The nominee made a speech, in which
he strongly indorsed the State platform
[+ is difficult to forecast at this (ime whether
the friends of Cummins will support Bird-
sall, in view of the platform's denial of
Cummnins's contention

No attempt made to renominate
Speaker Henderson, it being generally
known that he would again decline,

Aurantic Crry, N. J., Sept. 25. Speaker
David B. Henderson, when seen at his
cottage this evening, expressed himself
as pleased with the nomination of Judge
Birdsall. “Judge Birdsall,” he said, “has
heen a life-long friend of mine, and lhe is
big, physically and intellectually. IT look
for nfn to tise into prominence in national
affairs. He is in accord with Republican
sentiment in the district.”

Speaker Henderson declined to talk of
his own opinions regarding politics and
declined to make any statement relative
te his withdrawal

lost the

was

 

WVISTOORK DR. MARY WALKERS SEX
She Was Ordered Out of the Women's Walt-
ing Room at the Syracuse Depot.

SYRACUSRF, 25.-Dr. Mary Walker
of Oswego strolled into the women's wait-
ing room of the New York Central Railway
this afternoon. Martha, the colored at-
tendant, not knowing her, approached her
and said ‘

“You must get out of heah, sah.”

“Why?” asked Dr. Mary

“'Canse men ‘aint allowed here,”
the answer

“Well, [want you to distinctly understand
that Lam not aman,” said the doctor, with
a stamp of her foot

The other women in the room, thinking
that she was an impostor, left, and Dr
Walker soon had the whole room to herself
She wore along black coat, colored trou-
sers and Waistcoat of the same material, a
high hat and a diamond stud, looking jaun-
tier than ever before

Sept

was

VANDAL RUINED PICTURES.

 

 

Three of Miss Akass's Exhibit at Indian.
apolis's State Falr Damaged.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 25.. Miss Minnie
Akass, an artist living in Chicago, had a
number of paintings on exhibition at the
State fair last week, and to-day the State
Poard of Agriculture received a letter from
her, saving that several of them had been
defaced, One of them was a pastel, “The
Girl with, the Auburn Hair,” and it) was
ruined

Miss Akass says that she has no idea who
the vandal was, but he must be an artist,
for he used pastel paste in doing the work
The pictures were hung high on the wall,
and the person who defaced them must
have had a ladder and reached up over
many other pictures to get to hers.

Three pictures were ruined, and they were
the most valuable in her collection.

DIDN'T KNOW OF COAL SHORTAGE

 

Breneh Cruiser Puts Into Boston for Fuel
Supply and Pays igh for It,

Boston, Sept. 25.--The French protected
eruiser D'Estrées, Commander Suirs®, ar-
rived here to-day from St, Pierre, Miquelon,
for a coal supply. It is evident that the
news of the coa! famine has not vet reached
the island of Miqueion, otherwise the com-
mander of the D'Estréea would scarcely
have eailed past Sydney and Louisburg and
put into Poston for a supply. It was only
through the courtesy of one of the local
coal conceros that a contract for filling her
bunkers could be made.

The D'Fstrées wilt take on 820 tons of
coal. The Commander is obliged to pay
the current price for bituminous coal,
whieh is considerably above the figures he
would have had to pay in Cape Breton

 

45-Horse Power Automobile,

Coopenstown, N. Y¥., Sept. %5.- The
largest automobile ever built in this
country hos arrived at Milford Centre,

a Village near here, having travelled from

Boston, The machine is owned by H. L.
Radford and has been christened the
Radfora. [Tt is a double evlinder gasolene

45-horse power automotile, weighs 4,000
sounds and is built to carry eight persons
Che storage tank holds enough gesolene to
run 250 miles. The machine will run 125
miles a day and has commodious compart -
nients for baggege. Mr. Radford was
accompanied on his trip by his wife and
two sons

 

The Autumn Excursion to Stamford, N.Y.,
on Saturday, Sept. 27, via the West Shore and
Ulster and Delaware railroads, will be a delight
ful trip at moderate cost See West Shore ticket
agents for rates anu train tine. Ade,

 

 
   

<-ceeseeisephmtani e EEL EEL  D

|

 

190 2,—Copyriont, 1902, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aaaocintion,

 

ROUMANIA TAKES ACTION.

Order to Stop the Issue cf Emigration
Passports to Jews,
Special Cadle Despatch to THER SUN
VIENNA, Sept. 25.-The Neues
Tageblait prints a despatch from Bucharest
saying that the Roumanian Government
has sent a telegraphic order to the) local

 

 

Wiener

authorities to stop the issue of emigration
passports to Jews

Those Jews who have already approached
the frontiers will be sent back, but nothing
will be done to improve the position of the
Jews, Only a fresh grievance will be added

to old wrongs

Y NOT JOIN US.

 

GERMANY MA

Treatment of Jews in Roumanta Regarded
as of Domesile Concern,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 26. A Berlin despateh
to the Morning Poa! says that Germany
will not join in the appeal of Mr. Hay, the
American Secretary of State, and the Mar-
quis of Lansdowne, the British Foreign
Secretary, to the signatories of the Berlin
treaty in regard to anti-Semitic legislation
in Roumania, on the ground that it is a
domestic concern of that country, and also
because other clauses of the treaty, such as
those referring to the razing of certain

Roumanian forts, have been ignored

WAR VESSEL,

—_—_——

FASTEST

 

 

The British Armored Cruiser Drake Makes
24.10 hnots,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

LONDON, Sept The British first-class
armored cruiser Drake, 14,100 tons, returned
to Portsmouth this evening after under-
going her engine trials, which proved that
she is the fastest war vessel in the world
outside of torpedo-boat destroyers

She made 2410 knots, which high speed
was partly due to an improved type pro-
peller. The contract provided that
should attain a speed of 23 knots

—_———

EARTHQUAKE IN) TURKESTAN.

she

 

Several Hundred Killed and a Town Dee

stroyed,
Speety Cable Despatch to THR SUN
BERLIN, Sept. 25. A despatch from

Tashkend, Asiatic Russia, says it is reported
from Kashgar, Chinese Turkestan, that an
earthquake on Aug. 22 killed a hundred
persons there and three or four hundred in
the village of Astyn

It is added that the Chinese authorities
have learned of the destruction of the town
of Aksukutehe. The seismic disturbances
continued until Sept. 3

 

 

JUMPED FROM FAST MAIL TRAIN.

 

Fireman Blossberger Made the fertious
Leap and Was Not Injured,
Dunkirk, N. Y., Sept Fireman
Blossberger jumped from the engine of a
Lake Shore fast mail train at about 9
o'clock last evening, miles west of
Dunkirk, while the train was making fifty-
five miles an hour, and was not injured
He made this perilous leap on account
of fear of a collision with a freight train
visible in front. The freight train was
really on a siding and the main line was
clear, but the appearance of the lights
deceived Blossberger
The engineer did not miss his fireman
till he reached Brocton station, two miles
west of the spot where Blossberger jumped
The train was stopped and backed to look
for him, with the expectation of finding a
mangled body, but to the surprise of the
searcher they met the fireman hurrying
along to board the engine. The train was
delayed fifteen minutes only
CURSED CANTEEN
A Veteran of the Philippines Dies After
Drinking Bay Rum and Witch Hazel.
New Rocueuir, N. Y., Sept. 25. James
Cullen of the Sixteenth Infantry, a veteran
who had spent two years in the Philippines,
after making an effort to pass the guards
and reach the mainland to get a drink
to-day, went to the barber shop at Fort
Slocum and, cursing the temperance people
who had abolished the canteen, drank
pint bottle of bay rum. He was in the act
of draining a seconu botth when the barber
him

25

seven

 

ABOLISHERS.

a“

tried lo overpowel

The soldier not only drank the second
bottle, but also a decanter of witch hazel
He then ran out of the shop, Cullen was
taken the hospital, He lived about
four hours.

to

KILAUEA VOLCANO ACTIVE,

Committee Has Opportunity
fo Witness Outbreak.

HONOLULU, Sept. 16, via San
Sept, 25 A mesrage
Kilauea says that the voleano is once more
active, though the new outbreak, which
ocenrred on Sunday morning, not
great as that of two weeks ago.

However, it im attracting many tourtsts
and the Senatorial Committee is especially
pleased and = starts to-morrow on a visit
to the voleano,

Senatortal

Francisco,

wireless from

Is

sO

 

 

DRIVER'S GRIEF VOR HIS HORSE,

Wept When the Animal, a Family Pet, Had
to Be shot,

A horse attached to an express wagen
slipped and fell at the corner of Centre and
Worth streets vesierday afternoon, One
of his hind lege was broken and a man from
the Society fer t'e Prevention of Cruelty
to Animal= shot and killed tim

The driver when told that he would have
to be shot began to ery and then threw
his arms around the horse's neck, kissing
him and calling “Poor Bob.”

The man said that he had owned the horse
nearly thirty vears and that he was a pet
with his children
Reginald Vanderbilt and His Fiancee Come

ing Home tn His Automobile,

ALBANY, Sept. 25. Reginald C. Vander-
bilt and his flancée were in this city for a
short time this afternoon, They caine
from Lenox in Mr. Vanderbilt's automobile,
the White Ghost, and stopped at the
Ten Eyck while the machine was being
repaired, The roads were very bad com-
ing from Lenox. Mr. Vanderbilt, though,
yropoxes to make the trip to New York in
hin automobile if the reads are in fair
He left here at 4 o'clock

Jay Cooke Mueh [mproved.
Sanpusky, Ohio, Sept. 25.—'The condition
of Jay Cooke is very much iinproved this
evening He is ignorant of the facet that
his condition was critical He is still
fined to his bed

 

condition

  

cone

The Every-Day Train to ‘ altfornia,

 

the electric gbted “Overiaad Limited,” leaves |
Chicago 800 P. M., Via Chicago ana North West
erm, Unton Pacific and Southern Pacific Railways.

Olhces; 0a, 287 and $49 Lroadway.—Ade

$$$

!
|

 

| law, a
| were on their way to work this morning

 

FriparY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1902.
Rain to-day; fair and probably warmer

to-morrow,

—
——

PRICE TWO CENTS.
MORE MURDER IN COAL REGION

MAN KILLED ALMOST IN SIGHT
OF THE SOLDIERS,

   

 

Victim's Son-ineLaw Also Assaulted Mure

derously--Soldiers Drummed Out of
Camp for Beating Nonelrion Men
—Strikers Cut OW a Man's Ear
SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 25. -There is no lete

up in the acts of violence in this part of the
coal region because cf the presence of the
troops. After an exceedingly busy night,
the members of the Thirteenth Regiment
awoke to find that a murder and a murder
ous assault had just been committed a few
yards bevond the limits of their camp,

The man killed was James Winston and
the person who was wounded is his son-in-

young named Lewis They

*

about 7 o'clock when they were set upon
by three Hungarian strikers, who had clubs
and stones. Lewis was the first to be felled,
A stone thrown by one of the strikers struck
him on the head and made him unconscious,
He had barely fallen to the ground when
Winston was struck on the temple with @
club, His skull was crushed. He fell une
conscious to the ground

Lewis, however, quiekly recovered cone
sciolisnes and escaped. He ran to the
house of Willian Doyle. When he reached
the fence he fell exhausted to the ground.
Mrs. Doyle rushed out to his aid. He told
her what had happened. He was then car-
ried into the house, where his injuries were
attended to,

Several persons went to the place where
the attack had been made and found Winas-
ton dead. From the stories of eye wit-
nesses the treatment given him was most
brutal. After he had been felled to the
ground by the blow that had crushed his
skull his assailants continued to club, kiek
and stone him. Winston's body was car-
ried to the Boyle home. Drs, Crane and
Grover were They expressed the
opinion that Lewis would recover

Six men and one Woman were arrested
on the charge of murdering Winston, The
persone under arrest are George Gugelick,
ohn Shikowski, Mike Filopinski, Andrew
Bodick, Andrew Roman, Thomas Polub-
brek and Mrs. Shelbrek. They were taken
into custody by Constable Gaughan on
warrants issued before Squire Commings
of Olyphant. At a hearing later in the day
all were committed to jail to await
developinents

The night spentby the troops was most
miserable. Rain fell in torrents and this
the soldiers were compelled to face be-
cause of the outbreaks of violence in all
directions. Major Robling had kept three
companies all night at the ridge in Archbald

called

where occurred the riot that finally ine
duced the Governor to call out” the
troops. The Major grouped his troops

about the Riverside and the Raymond col-
leries. The foreigners of the vicinity,
who have been very active during the past
few days maintained a complete silence,

Sergt. Malia and Private Bryden were
to-day court-martialled and dishonorably
discharged from the service, stripped of
their uniforms and drummed out of the
camp. The men were found guilty of as-
saulting two non-union men who were on
their way to work, After their dismiseal
from camp they were placed under arrest
and brought to this city to stand trial be-
fore Alderman Kasson for the assault,
Their vict inti, wer e Thomas Jerome and
Thomas Jame

It appeared that (he sole offence of these
men was to tell these soldiers that they
were going back to work. Malia called
them back and beat them. Both defend-
ants were held in bail to answer in court.

The people of Forest City, just over thé
county line, awoke this morning to find two
companies of the Thirteenth, under Major
Field, located in the town. They had been
ordered to Forest ¢ ity during the ni ht, in
response to the request of Sheriff 3 jaxey
for troops, as a result of the outbreak of the
night before in which the non-union em-
ployees of the Hillside Coal and Iron Com-
pany were stoned and compelled to run for
their lives. A guard has been placed
around all the collieries of the place.

One of the most atrocious outrages of
the strike was reported from Dickson City
this afternoon, John Williams, a fire boas
at Johnson bres No. 2 was held up by

 
    

or
a crowd of strikers while on his way home
from work and one of his ears was cropped

off close to the head. Then he was allowed
to go on his way with a warning to quit
work He alleges that not all of his as
allants were foreigners

The farmers of the townshéps around
Seranton have organized so as to protect
themselves from the depredations of the

 

rikers They have employed armed
guards who have been sworn in as deputy
sheriffs. One farmer reports that he was

 

compelled to stand helpiess 'n his orchard
while a striker drove off with eight bushels
of applies that he had stolen

Frank Bailey, a non-union pump runner
at the Johnston mine at P »burg, at &
o'clock to-night committed suicide in the
office of Justice «f the Peace Williams ly

 
 

shooting himself below the heart. He
had been much worried recently by strikers,
who were hounding him, and when he
came to the office of the Justice and
found that he eould not do what he wanted
with his own property without having his
wife sign a deed of transfer, which he knew

she would not do, he killed himself

 

Violence Still Continues tn the WilkeseBarre
Region Wort.ers Intimtidated,

Winees-Bbarab, Pa, “opt. 25.—The forse
of troops in the upper coal fleld was Ine
by sone six hundred, there
now being in the district, comprising the
counties of Luzerne, Lackawanna and @
part of Susqueh@nua, rome 1,060 men,
To this fores will be edded a troop of
cavalry, whieh one Gen, Gobin has not de-
decided

Gen, Gobin and 1's
city this ev
permanent

creased to-day

etall returned to this
it is expected that
will be estab-
lished, The General says of the situation:

“lL cannot tell vet what effect the
troops in this region will have upon the
strikers, be wing to the continued
the troop bave not been seen much.

ning, where

headquerters

hain

 

The people of the region are housed and
there has been no display of the soldiers,
The rieting, the attack< upon workers
and property must stop, Kither Me,

Mitenell and
trol (he mer 8
‘Lr erythill region an act occurred
whieh was arevivalof the old Molly Maguire
Notices were posted at the Silver
Bri lege, whieh was three times ate
and Gamaged, saving: ‘Any man
augit repairing ths bridge will be shot,’
That is the kind of that the Molly
Maguires posted in the days when they
terrorized the region.”

The presenes of troops in this county
did not prevent cases of violence, During
the night the houses of Charles Jacoby,
John Keschoke, Standi#h Michaelowies
and William Dykens, all employees of the

createst pleasure route ts via Hudsoa
uM wood Must Ade.

» other leaders cannot cons

are not trviog to stop them,

thre

method

    

ched

  

notiovd

 

 

The we

River Day L

 

New York Pennsylvank. Spectal -Chiesen,
Qniy 20 hours em route. Lunch in New York,
bDreakiast ip Chkago. improved cquipment.—ade,

\4

wot

7

4

Wen.