LEVY ELECTION LAW

DECLARED INVALID}

 

In Its Two Leading Features,
Affecting Fusion and
Registration.

 

|
DISCRIMINATES IN VOTING:

 

Court of Appeals Unanimous in
Its Decisions—New Pri-
mary Bill Hit.

 

ALBANY. Oct. 10.—Unanimous decisions

|the Department to make its

‘The

oe
—————_—<———

 

 

+ NEW

PAROLE FOR JOHN R. WALSH?

Beltef That One Has Been Granted, but
OMcial Announcement fs Withheld.

Cuicaco, Oct. 10.—John R. Walsh, the

    

Chicago banker, was ordered paroled

by Government officials at Washington
to-day, according to unofficial reports
received in this city. His attorneys say
they believe the report to be correct
Walsh had been in the I'ederal prison

| at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., since January
| 10, 1910.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 10,-- While it is under-
stood generally here that the board of
parole has acted favorably upon the
application of John hh. Walsh, the
Department of Justice refuses all infor
mation onthe subject. Robert W. Ladow,
superintendent of Federal prisons, said
to-day that any announcement in the
matter must come from Leavenworth,
from Mr. Walsh himself
attorneys or friends.

“No exception will be made in the
Walsh case," said Mr. Ladow. “Great
pressure has been brought to bearfon

known in this case but the usual rule wll
be followed.”

Mr. Ladow made this statement after
a long conference with Attorney-General

Wickersham, to whom the action of the!

; to it on the floor of the Tammany con-
or from his | Yetion, but the making up of the ticket

decision |

YORK. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER '

 

‘W) D PD. NEGRO SOLDIER KILLS TWO.
HARBURGER UP FOR SHERIFF Breaks From Quarters After Arrest and
Runs Amuck.

Beruinaton, Vt, Oct. 10. -Thomas
Carlisle, a negro private in the Tenth
Cavalry, stationed at Fort Ethan Allen,

 

| *
|T. D. SULLIVAN HAD THE CHOICE
WITH A HINT TO PICK A JEW.

 

| Tammany Convention Nominates Henry! Was arrested to-day and sent to his quar-

ters on the complaint of another trooper,
Andrew ©. Vox. His gun and cartridges
were not taken from hm

Carlisle spent the morning brooding.
About noon he rushed out of the barracks
| and killed Fox by sending a bullet through
For Juaticea of the Supreme Court—Fran- his skull. Other soldiers ran toward
cia M. Scott, Daniel F. Cohalan, Francis Carlisle, but he sprinted down the road
K. Pendleton and Henry D. Hotehkiss ‘and ran into Bluefort's restaurant.

For Surrogate—Robert ludiow Fowler. He rushed upstaitr, broke into the room

For Sheri ?—Julius Harburger. of a young colored woman, Clara Wash-

There was no opposition of any kind| ington, ang shot her dead, Another
colored girl came in and Carlisle shot
her also. She probably will die,

For twenty minutes Carlisle stood at a
window and fired every bullet he had left
at soldiers who surrounded the house
One of them killed Capt, Godson's horse
While Carlisle was shooting Lieut. Blaine,
a white officer, crept toward the house
through underbrush and shot Carlisle
through the hip.

JUSTIFIED IN SHOOTING Boy.

©. Hotchkiss for Fourth supreme
Court Place—Scott, Pendleton, Co-
balan ond Fowler Also Nominated.

This is the Tammany county ticket:

 

caused a lot’ of ‘tribulation to Charles
F. Murphy and his advisers in the early
part of the evening. The trouble was
over the office of Sheriff. Christie Sulli-
; Van, who had the nomination two years
ago and was defeated, wanted it again
j; this year, but Mr. Murphy thought that
would be bad policy. The friends of

 

 

 

cS eed

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

VOTES FOR WOMEN IN DOUBT’
ve aca !

CALIFORNIA ADOPTS RECALL
INCLUDING JUDGES.

 

Twenty-one of Twenty-three Amendments
to the Constitution, Among Them the
Referendum and Employers Liability,
Get Big Majority in Special Election.

SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10.--Although
suffrage leaders in Los Angeles and this
city have practically given up the fight
and the returns are coming in slowly
reports from all parts of the State indicate
that the result of to-day's election on
constitutional amendments, so far as
suffrage is concerned, is in doubt.

Figures from all parts of the State, in-
cluding this city, give suffrage 9,612 to |
9,708 against. The country districts are
running for the women, while in this city
the majority against them appears to be
about 10,000,

The initiative, referendum, recall, which
includes Judges, and the employers’ lia-
bility will be adopted by a majority of

11, 1911,—Copyrtone, 1011, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

GEN. HOYT WEDS NURSE.

Commander of the Department of the
(Lakes Takes Bride 80 Years His Jantor.

PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10.—Brig.-Gen.
Ralph Wilson Hoyt, U. 8. A., commander
of the Department of the Lakes, and
Miss Cora McKeever Harbold of Dills-
burg, York county, Pa. a trained nurse,
were married this afternoon at the home:
of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas D. Richardson in
Germantown.

The bride came here from Dillaburg
and was graduated from the Othopedic
Hospital, After receiving her diploma
she went west to visit a brother, Lieut
Robert H. Harbold, U.S. A, who is on
duty at St. Pauljunder Gen. Hoyt, and
while there met the General. This was
the beginning of the romance that brought
cbout to-day's wedding.

The General has many friends in this
city, but few of them knew anything
about the marriage. This morning the!
General went to the City Hall and got |
a marriage license. He gave his name}
and title and said he was ‘orn in Milo,
Yates county, N. Y., October 9, 1849.
Miss Harbold's birthplace was given as
Dillsburg and she was born February
4, 1879. The General is a widower.

Immediately after the ceremony the

 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1011.
Fair to-day and to-morrow; light south-
erly winds.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ITALIANS VICTORS
IN BATTLE BY NIGHT

    
  

 

Searchlights Sweep Attack-
ing Turkish Lines
at Tripoli.

 

ARABS GAVE A WARNING

 

Surprise Fails and King Victor's
Marines Fight Like
Veterans,

 

by the Court of Appeals were handed
down to-day declaring unconstitutional
the two provisions of the new Levy law
4 which have been contested by the Repub-
ican State organization and the Hearst
organization.
Chief Judge Cullen wrote the opinion
in the proceedings instituted by John J. ! No News of Her.
Hopper of the Independence League de- | A published report that Dorothy Arnold |
‘ring Unconstitutional that provision of [Os 0s Rast Seventy nits wrest, WHO les |

; See | appeared from her home ten months ago. |
the Levy law which prohibits the print-}had been found was positively

denied |
ng of the name of a candidate for office | jast night by her brother, John W. Arnold,
n more than one party column on the | who has heen most active in the search |

 

parole board in the Walsh case has been
referred, The decision of the board in|
order to become legal must be approved
by the Attorney-General.

DOROTHY ARNOLD NOT FOUND.

 

 

‘ficial ballot used election day. Supreme |for the missing girl and who has always |
Court Justice Gavegan decided this case _ acted as the spokesman for the family. |

h b na | Mr. Arnold said that in dhe afternoon |
in the same way at the outset, but the !he had been called up at his office and}
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court |

overruled Justice Gavegan by a vote of | rumor that his sister was either now in

| Family Lawyer Says That the Family Has

Peter J. Dooling and Frank J. Goodwin
when they heard that Christie was out
sought to get the nomination for their
candidates. But Mr.

Murphy refused
to listen tothem. He held that as custom
had always given the nomination of

Sheriff to the Sullivan organization he}
would not break away from it this year,
He told Big Tim Sullivan that he could
name the candidate and he suggested that
the choice should be some one who could
influence the Jewish vote. That brought
about the nomination of Julius Harburger.
In the afternoon a conference was heldat |
the office of William D. Guthrie between |

| the heads of Tammany Hall, Mr. Guthrie, | ghar

ex-Justice Morgan J. O'Brien and Charles
Burlinghame, representing the Bar Aseo-
ciation, and Alton B.Parker for the County
Lawyers Association. These represent-

Jury 8tol

The defeat of suffrage, if it is de-
feated, will be a distinct surprise, as
it was thought that the women
had made a successful fight. It was
expected that this city would cast ite
vote against the amendment, while in
southern California suffrage leaders ex-
pected to roll up a great majority which
would insure victory. |

Vrederiek Hickey, janitor of the Donac
apartment house at Forty-ninth
and Kighth avenue, who has been on
trial for manslaughter before Judge
Malone in General Sessions, was acquitted
yesterday. The jury was out five minutes.

Hickey shot Bartholomew Peluso, a
boy 15 years old, who was with a gang
that had heen annoying Hickey for some
time. Abraham Levy, counsel for Hickey,
had a humber of witnesses on the stand
to show the disorderly character of the
bands of boys who gathered in that
neighborhood

'

Acquits Janitor Who Had Been
Kothered by Hoodiume.

street

Los Angeles disappointed the suffrage
workers, as the returns show 1,735 for suf-
rage and 1,525 against. On the face of
these returns Los Angeles county will give
suffrage a little more than 5,000 majority
while this city will give an adverse ma-
jority of more than 10,000.

Never in the history of the State was

scare the boys away only after ash cans
had been upset in the areaway and a
fusillade of cans and bottles had greeted
the men who tried to clear up the muss.

General and his bride hurried away in an
automobile.

Spectal Cable Despatches to THE Sew.

Paris, Oct. 19. The Temps, in a dee
spatch from Tripoli by way, of Malta,
says that the Turks risked a regular en-
gagement with the Italians’ advanced
| posts yesterday, especially near Boume
liana Springs. Firing was heavy on both
sides. The Italian warships which were

JAMES GIVES A MILLION,

Mission Foundation Established by Son of
D. Willis James.

MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 10.—The annual

report of the American Board of Com-

missioners of Foreign Missions shows|
that the largest gift ever made by an off shore supported the Italians and the

individual while still living was made | Ca nonading continued until nearly dawn,

to the board thie year for its colleges, The Turks retired with losses but not one

in foreign lands, an even $1,000,000 as| Italian was killed.

a foundation in memory of D. Willis} Other d t

James of New York by his son. ur Uaeyectenee tron) S 0) Pan core
the Turkish troops made a determined

SAFE SAYINGS FOR LANDLORDS, | ™8¢ 4ttack upon the Italians with the
object of cutting the aqueduct that sup-

“You eT mae and 6 Cur” Not Stander | plies Tripoli with water. The Italian
of a Tenant tn Default. force, 2,50 strong, repelled the attack.

 

 

 

The extent to which a landlord may go

questioned over the telephone about a}
¢tol,

the city or on her way here from Europe.

This decision of the Court of Appeals | He had replied, he said, that he hadfrom

isequally applicable to the official primary
ballot provided for in the direct primary
law which just passed the Legislature
but which has not yet been signed by Gov.
Dix. wherein it is provided that the name
of a candidate for a party nomination or
member of a party committee can appear
on the official primary ballot only once.

Judge Irving G. Vann wrote the opin-
ion of the court in the proceedings brought
by electors of Rutland, Jefferson county,
n which the court holds unconstitutional
the provision requiring ali voters in
niaces of under 5,000 §population who
did net vote at last fall's election to
apply in person in order to be registered
at the first meeting of the election
inspectors if such voters desire to vote
at this fall's election. But Judge Vann
points out that rigid requirements other
than personal registration may be thought
out to apply to the rural voter.

tx-Judge D-Cady Herrick made the)

principal argument before the Court of
Appeals for the constitutionality of both
of these provisions of the Levy law
RAP AT SOME REFORMERS.
Chief Judge Cullen in deciding that a
v of any party in addition to the
mocratic or Republican party whic

    

may fuse with either one of the two great | P! leet

parties has just a® much right to be able
vote his straight party ticket, accom-
shed through fusion or not, by making
asngle mark in the circle over his party
raps the efforts of ballot re-
formers to secure such changes in the
elavtion ballot as would seek to prevent
‘ne elector from voting easily for whom
he will
(tief Judge Cullen also declares that
‘ne Legislature might make fusions ef-
ted by bribery or an illegal considera-
ton eriminal and punish those = responsi-
that because many coalitions
cetween hodies of electors are corrupt
and criminal the Legislature cannot for-
d coalition nominations or indirectly
eTeot the same thing by rendering it more
aiffeult to vote for a coalition nominee.
Jidge Vann in his opinion declaring
Legislature cannot compel pereonal
reastration in rural districts points ont
proper proofs may be required of
electors by the Legislature within
‘emits of reason, sueh as proof by
or by the testimony of a third
to be furnished at the first meet-
ig of the election inspectors, but that the
egisiature cannot under any circum-
“ances exact such proof as will involve
‘he personal appearance of the voter
refore the election officials, or what is
tarme

column

ble, but

ruta

tdavit
ersor

THE RIGHT TO VOTE.

 

| personal registration | Stevens had set up the claim that Mrs.

e164 e: } r
jerine Brothers, mother of the Rev. Will- |).

 

|

}tion of the one wish expressed repeatedly | macoricy i

|
|

the first made ita point not to discuss
he case at his office and the matter so
far as he was concerned ended there.

From this telephone conversation, so
Mr. Arnold thought, grew the report
published that he had given color to the
rumor by suggesting that more might be
learned’ by seeing him at his home.

The fact that the Arnold home on East
Seventy-ninth street,; which has leen
closed during the summer, was opened
yesterday led to another report that the
missing girl had ‘returned home, but it
was said by another member of the fam-
ily that such was not the case, John S,
Keith, the Arnolds’ lawyer, who called
upon John W. Arnold after receiving the
report, said afterward that the family
had no news of Miss Arnold.

FOUND MOTHER STILL LIVING.

Father Brothers Gets Home From Ecrope
in Time to Have Her Recognize Him.
Oranae, N. J., Oct. 10.--Mrs. Kath-

iam A. Brothers, rector of the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, Mont-
clair, died at the home of her daughter,

Mrs. James 1) Moriarty, 29 Mount Vernon |

avenue, this city, to-day, a little leas than

h {twenty-four hours’ after her son the |
arrived from abroad
Yesterday while the priest vet had

the last stage of his long journey to cover
it was thought that Mrs. Brothers would
passaway without having seen the realiza-

during her last illness. An autorobile wa

\obtained and the son hurried across the

 

 

| down to-day sustained the decree of the |

twelve miles still separating thern. When
he reached the sickroom Mrs. Brother
was unconscious, but she revived later
and recognized him

Four other sons and one daughter
survive Mrs. Brothers. She was 74 yeare
old and was a native of Ireland. The
mass of requiem, which will be held in
St. John's Church, Orange, on Thursday
morning, will he conducted by the son
who hurried home to see her before death

CONCORDWAS MRS. EDDY'S HOME,

Massachusetts Judge Finds That
Never Changed Domicile.
Boston, Oct. 10-—Justice Morton
the Supreme Court

 

She

of

in an opinion handed

Probate Court allowing Mrs. Mary Baker
G. Eddy’'s will as a foreign one
Justice Morton finds that Mrs. Eddy’s
domicile was in'Concord, N. H., when she
died and that shenever legally changed it
to Chestnut Hill, Newton.
Attorney-General Swift and Treasurer

Eddy resided in Newton at the time of

his opinion, which makes fusion of |her death and that the will should be
tae Republicans and Hearstites in New! probated in Middlesex

county as the

atives of the two leading lawyers’ asso-
ciations told th® Tammany committee
that the judicial ticket which had been
decided upon was entirely agreeable to
them. They praised the work of Justices
Scott, Cohalan and Pendleton and the
choice of Mr. Hotchkiss as the fourth
Judge.

Congressman Henry M. Goldfogle was

The principal witnesses for the prosecu-
tion were several boys who had been
hanging around the apartment house
the evening of May 12, whefi Peluso was
shot

 

HARD TIMES AHEAD, SAYS HILL.

 

Head of Great Northern Says More Men

made chairman of the convention. The Will Be Idle Than Ever Before,
platform saye St. Pav, Oct. 10.—“There will be more
We congratulate the Democracy idle men this winter than ever before,”

 

of the
State upon the excellent record made by a |
Dermoecratic Governor and a Democratic
Legislature, who labored diligentiy and

predicted James J. Hill this afternoon in
‘

oom to fulfil all the promises made

|

! discussing business.
| “This is the reason,” continued the
chairman of the Great Northern road.
very pladde: made therein has beon re: |“Our capacity for production along in-
deemed. Statewide election reform, income | dustrial lines has grown faster than our
tix, direct election by the people of United | Consumption along the same lines.
Stutes Senators, parceis post extension, | “Some years ago the farmer had to
tax reform, canal and water front inprove- | raise enough to feed himself and another
iments, direct primaries, provision for
barge canal terminals, a rational and
equitable revision of the inheritance tax
jkiw together with legisiation safeguarding
the public health ana laws affecting capital
es Inbor and the welfare of all cluases of
{the people have been enacted

to the people in that platferm, Each and

man in the cities; now he must raise
enough for himself and for two other
men, on account of the movement to in-
dustry rather than farms.”

“Business is sound,” Be affirmed, “but
jno new enterprises are being started.
| The politicians and newspapers are to
|; blame. There much _ political

 

 

these im-
is show not only theefMiciency
nd devotion te the public interests of Gov

rant refor

is too

 

JoBTA Mix BBA De OGT AUG pesislat “re | ghost dancing. The people are not given
the 4 oi ( iy oh ‘ Arne nati Oates os | the facts. There is uncertainty us to the
vi le h ng stand able « in ‘ale for the adnminis- (future on this account rather than me
I tration of public affairs b account of the Supreme Court decision.

} We rejoice with the Democracy of the ee
jMation im the splendid and substantial) DUEL FOR A GOVERNORSHIP.
{ success attained by a Democratic Congress ee

fin striving to fulfill the promises made to
; the people in the Democratic national plat-
form hy passing laws designed for down-
ward revision of the tariff. The Democratic }

Reynald'’s Murderous Proposal for Set.
ting Menfcan Controversy.
Mexico Ciry, Oct. 10.-Sefior Rey-

 

 

the House of Represeniatives | nald, the candidate for Governor of the
jhas indeed done much to simulate Demo- | State of Chiapas, who desires to change
lcratie hope and expectation and to en-| the capital to San Cristobal from Tuxtla,

conrage Democratic effort for 1912
| Democratic success in the nation means
} Wise and safe constilutienal government,

 

Gutierrez, has challenged Sefor Torres,
{recently proclaimed Governor there, to
|} peace at home and abroad, honest publie a duel to the death to settle the question
{service, economy in publie expenses, re- | OF governorship and the location of the
duction in the unreasonable and high cost | capital. These are the proposed terms
of living, thereby contributing to veneral | of the duel:
prosperity and happiness, becwuse es| Two pistols exactly alike are to be
mocraey has alwars by | placed in a bag; one is to be loaded and
whormsoeever formed, especially or . : anne 7 *
ginized to limit production and advance | ie ae ‘ Torres nas re oe
prices against the welfare of the people. of withdrawing a pisiol ind leaving the
Robert L. Luce nominated Justice other ror Heynald. raeY. Pats then. ta
Neott, Morgan J. O'Brien put Justice end : te On Ae rig ap .
Cohalan in nomination, and iS Burnham ae Whe iva is ' oe Gavarnoe and or
Moffatt named Justice Pendleton. Col}... ; : a :
Asa Bird Gardiner nominated Ma Fowler ee eee oe ac-
for Surognte, and Conazoman an Wim Towpt, hut the challenge in causing much
After the nomination for Sheriff had DOE eR: i BIASING PS ee ot tae
Naan Mada the Meatinge bewan to | break prounbence of the persons concerred
lun, but Mr. Goldfogle explained that
there was other work for the convention,
Secretary Thomas I. Smith read a resolu-
tion which had been prepared by the
executive committee to the effect that
while the nomination of a fourth Judge
had not been provided for in the primary
call the Legislature had passed and the
Governor had signed a bill for the election
of an additional Justice in this district,
and that the Secretary of State had issued
a notice to the political organization

Opposed trusts

those

|} TO PRISON TO LASE HIS MIND.

 

Escaped Convict, Received by Good Peo.
ple, Constantly Feared Exposure,

of capture so that he dreamed nightly
of being returned to prison, Orville Cas-
terline, who escaped months ago from the
Ohio penitentiary, went to the county jail
to-day and surrendered to Sheriff Gilbert,
with the request that the Ohio authori-
ties be notified

The witnesses =
Hickey went up with his revolver

|
|

 

'
|
'
|
|

Dvs.in, Ga., Oct. 10.—Haunted by fear | windows,

 

 

such a well organized campaign made on |
a political issue as that of the suffragistet
but apparently this very activity was
one of the factors in their weakneas. For
two weeks women of all ages and condi-
tions have been making a canvass of the
State. Automobile tours were made
through the country districts, and during
the last few days this city was the centre ,
of the fight. Open air meetings in the}

in addressing a tenant who doesn't pay

his rent was indicated yesterday by Su-

preme Court Justice Pendleton in dis-

missing a complaint brought by Joseph |
M. Adams against Walter W. Tinsley

for $10,000 for slander. Adams said that

Tinsley remarked, “You are a crook

anda cur.”

In his defence Tinsley said that Adams

streets and squares were held night and | W4s behind in his rent and that he was

day.

To-day more than a thousand women
were stationed at various polling places
and every voter was stopped and urged
to vote for suffrage. The hundred foot
limits were disregarded and  button-
holing continued up to the very doors
of the booths in many instances.

‘Many voters were t irned against the
women" by the spectacle they afforded
in their eagerness to win men to their
cause.

In West Oakland precincts, where there
are many negro employees of the Southern
Pacific, young colore 1 women stood near
the polling places handing to voters yel-
low dodgers b aring words: “Justice for
Women.”
by th million throughout the State.
Scores of voters who planned to vote
for suffrage changed their minds after
they had been bombarded with suffrage
literature and held up on the streets by
women.

Los ANGELES, Oct. 10.-Early returns
to-night indicate that the voters of Cali-
fornia have approved twenty-two of the
twenty-three constitutional amendments
submitted to them at to-day's election

There was little opposition to the
amendments with the exception of the one
giving women the right to vote

Women were dividéd on this question,
and some fought it as bitterly as their
sisters supported it

BLACK HAND BOMB KILLS 4.

|
|

 

Anonymous Demand for 81,800.

WHEELING, W. Va., Oct. 10.—Four per- |
sons perished in a Black Hand outrage in
Benwood, asuburb, early to-day. A big
frame tenement housing forty persons
was blown up at 2:45, and in the fire which
followed the building was consumed |

The dead are N. Letuck, Mra. Edward |
Kaloniski, Mary Kaloniski, aged 3, and—
an unknown man
are two more bodies in the débris

The house was rented to Edward Kalon- |
iski. About 2:45 there was a terrific ex: |
plosion which tore away the front and
side walls, indicating that a charge of some
powerful explosive had been placed in |
one corner of the building.

A number of the tenants jumped from |
but before all were able to!
escape flames began eating the débris
The fire spread rapidly and soon the entire
building was enveloped

The building was blown up, it is be-
lieved, because Kaloniski had refused to
inake terms with the Black Hand. A short
time ago he received a letter demanding
that he leave $1,500 at a lonely spot near

endeavoring to collect.

 

CLEARED «AND PROMOTED.

Coroner's Jury Exonerates Policeman
Who Killed Burglar.

A Coroner's jury in The Bronx yester- |
day exonerated Patrolman John Bren-
necke of the Alexander avenue station
from the technical homicide charge made
against him after he ahot a burglar in
the rear of 275 East 137th street early
Monday morning. Brennecke, who fig-

 

The main body of the Turkish force is
said to be massed in the mountains, two
days march from Tripoli.

VIENNA, Oct. 10.--A despatch from
Tripoli to the Corriere della Sera, Milan's
largest paper, says that 3,000 Turks
attacked the forts to-day and that there
was sharp fighting for several hours.

The cruisers in the harbor participated
in the fighting and there were considerable
losses on both sides. The, Turks finally
retreated, leaving a number of dead and
wounded. Some of the Turks were taken
prisoners.

Lonpon, Oct. 11.—The Daily Telegraph
in a Tripoli deapatch from Benn'® Bur-
leigh, their war correspondent, saya that
the Italians have won their firat land bat-
tlein fine shape. The friendly Arabs gave
the Italians warning of the probable ate
é@ack by the Turks. They said that the
Turks would no doubt attempt to enter

ured prominently in the running pistol! Tripoli at night.

fight with two men alleged to have

Ample precautions were taken to re-

broken into a United Cigar Store, was jenforce the posts, particularly the new

then congratulated by Coroner Schwan- } works to the south.
Similar cards were scattered | Recke, who directed Capt. Post

his policeman'a shield. Police
missioner Waldo has promoted him to a

go to headquarters to get the gold shield |
of the detective bureau |
The man killed by Brennecke was |

identified yesterday as Henry Cooperman, |
}a junk dealer of 218 Liberty avenue, Ja- | in good order.

maica, L. I.

 

MRS. C. P. HUNTINGTON PAYS,

Never Begrudges Uncle Sam the Duties
88,000 This Time.

Mrs. Collis P. Huntington, who arrived

yesterday by the North German Lloyd |
{

liner Kronprinzessin Cecilie,

who
articles into

any individual
dutiable

ever
this port.
the law allows
general coffer yesterday was $8,000
FIRST JAIL SENTENCE,

Moving Picture Showman Who Admitted |

Children Gets 20 Days.

* Moses Maae, the proprietor of a moving !

Houston |
The poltce think there | end Pitt stre:ts, was convicted in the | the

picture showhouse at Kest

Court of Spec al Sessions yesterday of

allowing minor: in to see his performance |

unaccompanied by a guardian, He was
sentenced to serve twenty days in the
City Prison, whioh is the first time a mov- |
ing picture impvesario here has been }
punished by a jail sentence. His con- |
viction was obtained mainly through |
the efforts of the Unity Club, an Esst |
Side organization formed last August
for the purpose of putting a stop to the
practice of moving picture proprietors of
allowing children in to see their shows
Supt. Moore of the Gerry society told
the Justices that Maes's place was the

The war ships were

to replace about four miles off shore.
Com- |

The Turks were discovered about 1
o'clock in the morning advancing in two

| first grade detective and to-day he will | columns supported by field guns. For-

tunately it was a bright moonlight night
and the Italians ashore were judiciously
assisted by searchlights.

All night the Turks approached Tripoli
‘There were thousands of
them, supported by native auxiliaries.

| When they were within a few hundred

yards the marines behind the works and
in the trenches poured into their ranks a

{tremendous fire rifle, supported by ma-
|chine guns and field artillery.

The intended Turkish surprise entirely
failed but the Ottomans stood to the

paid the; ¥ . ;

biggest duty when she got in lest fall olin courageously SSpink ae
has brought |
She |
Proprietor of Tenement Had Refused | believes that Uncle Sam is entitled to all |
Her contribution to the |
| fought most brilliantly, firing with steady

intrenched Italiams with a heavy fire and
striving to press home the action, firat
on the west.

The Italian marines, however, were
not shaken. They were undaunted and

and dead'y accuracy. They beat back

| every attempt of the enemy. From 1:30

to 2 A. M.,, the rifle fire was fierce.
that it dwindled and ceased.
retreated with severe losses.
On the eastern side the attacking col-
umn of Turks tried to turn that flank of
Italian defence. They advanced
into the palm belt and threw shrapnel,
which fell near the Esparto factory by the
aca. The Italians held fast and drove
away every advance on front or flank.
The behavior of the sturdy marines was
admirable, It could not have been bet-
ter among any troops. The fleet, cleverly
ayranged, contributed to the success of
the defence. When the rifle fire became
heavy several vessels, including the
cruisers and battleships, opened up with

After
The enemy

their minor batteries, directing their shells

over the town so that they might fall
among the Turks and cover the Italian

 

York city counties easy, Chief Judge | original, This would give Massachusetts
Cullen says a large inheritence tax from the property
“Insecriont of Article I, of the State Con-| left by the founder of Christian Science.

Sitution it is enacted that ‘no member of

this Star

A decree was entered according to
shall be disfranchised unless} Justice Morton's ruling this afiernoon.
y the law of the land or the judgment of | The matter will be taken to the full bench
t ia therefore clear that the| of the Supreme Court.

Ctaerwise plemary power granted to the
Lagisiature to prescribe the method of,

conducting elections cannot be 60 exer- ,

cised as to disfranchise constitutionally | Says she Went Over to Weehawken and
Qualified electors, and any system ef Slept'on a Veranda.

“lection that unnecessarily prevents the| May Lewie, the fourteen-year-old |
®.ector from voting or from voting for the | daughter of Mrs. Anna B. Lewis of 155 |
Candidate of his choice violates the Con- | Est Ninety-sixth street, who hac be

Lhe Deere."

LOST SCHOOLGIRL BACK.

 

ituriorn, Wehave said ‘unnecessarily,’| missing from her home since Mondoy
for there is no practicable system of con-| morning when she left to go to school,
» elections at which some eae ance home et 5 o'clock last night. She

ess or other misfortune may not | said that on her way to school a boy had
to vote. Under our law the, stolen her transfer ticket that let her in a
allot affords a voter who may be | schoul at Ninety-third street and Lex-
ington avenue. She hadn't felt very keen
about school anyway, 80 she went down-
town. She remembered once woins with |
her nother to Athintic Highlands, 89 she |
to the West Forty-second strooi
and over to Jersey

Query

that read the ballot from illiteracy |
il. defect an opportunity to vote |
ig assistance and to every elec- |
41 to vote for whom he chooses | nt
ywronig the name in the blank column |

calling upon them at their conventions! Gagkerline suid that he was sentenced | his home, but he turned the letter over to

to make a fourth nomination.

The resolution wound up with a clause
to the effect that in view of the mandatory
provisions of the act the convention
should proceed to make such a nomination, |
This formality was gone through and Mr. |
Hotehkiss was named.

The lawyers on the Tammany executive
cominittee decided that this would be the
best course to follow, They advised that
the convention should go ahead and make
tue nomination and that if there should
he any questions raised as to the seeming
contliet between the constitution and the
public officers’ act it would be a matter
for the courts.

A POISON MYSTERY.
Georgia Automobilist Taken I in Hotel
His frivaius Vanish,
John A. Martin, Jr., a real estate man}
of Hahira, Ga., who arrived here Sunday

 

Thera she}on his way to Bosion where he was to|to have some law to prohibit it.

to serve fifteen years for burglary and | the police. a

had served forty-seven months of the! gp . ; TE > :
time when the opportunity £0 escape came GETS LETTER AFTER 47 YEARS.
Was

 

After successfully eluding pursuit Cas-
kerline began a trip over the United
States. which some months ago ended at}
Dublin, where he got employment and | WILKESBARRE, Pa., Oct. 10.-—-John Nad-
re doing well Cast erline was well liked | den of Towanda, who wasa member of the
sy his employers and was received amon i > : ; :
good people. He said that the thought /dird Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery dur-
that he was a convict and was imposing | 158 the civil war, has just received a letter
on people made him miserable which he wrote to his wife while stationed
' 2 eee ene at Fort Monroe forty-seven years ago.
| Where the letter has been all these
jyears he does not know. It arrived in
Aldermen Leave Them Hatptns, but Pros! a different envelope from that in which |
pose to Take Away Cigarettes, ‘it was sent and it was postmarked To-
The Aldermen having failed to put | wh d

nda.
; : Madden's impression is that i
through an ordinance preventing women | received by sates person Py pens

from wearing protruding hatpins Frank | was not intended and has been either
Dowling, the Tammany floor leader, beld oF nied. neat he, motive is
undertook yesterday to stop them smok- | fOr returning It at this late day he does
ing in restaurants. *It \e oulremeoual” jnot know. In the letter he urgently

| requests his wife t i
exclaime | {Mr. Dowting, “and we ought, eakin, 9 to get him « pair of

That |

Written at Fort Monroe in War
Time by Soldier to Wife.

 

 

IMPROVING THE LADIES.
————-

 

front flanks against rushes en magae.
The firing of the fleet was deliberate and
well placed and was directed by signals
and wireless.

worst in the ci.y

 

A CELLAR HIS PRISON. ,;

Smal! Boy Locked Up Underground by After the rifle fire had ceased the ships
Father--Parent Is Arrested. | continued to* pursue the retreating foe
trying jto get into | With shells from their heavier batteries,

{

A water inspector

the cellar at 314 First avenue yesterday | including the 6 inch and 12 inch guns, _

found inside a five-year-old |The firing continued until 6 A. M, The
Italian casualties were slight. People
in Tripoli remained indoors and were
confident of Italian victory.

The Times in a despatch from Tripoli
dated October 8 says that more or less
trustworthy information from the interior
shows that the Turks are in a very serious
plight. Munir Pasha, the commander
of the troops, appears to be a dear old
gentleman incapable of independent aoc-
tion when instructions from Stamboul
are lacking

The bulk of the Turkish force is eati-
mated at some 10,000, but it is probably
nearer 5,000. It appears that it has been

morning
boy, Walter Wyrth, who said that his |
father, Frank Wyrth, had locked him
in theré as punishment for playing with
matches. Last night the police of the East
Twenty-second street station arrested the
father when he came home from work
and charged him with abandoning his
boy in the cellar from Monday morning
until yesterday noon.

The man admitted, the police say,
that he locked up his son but explained
that the boy had tried several times to
set fire to the house and was continually
playing with matches. Other means
of correction had been tried, he said,

 

; " ferry
‘he ore of his candidate is not on the
If these rights were not accorded

Ne Present election law would be void.

a there has been serious criti-
“smo. the constitutionality of the pres. |
ent n becuuse BO Many votes have

ee vied void by reason of the ir-|

\y in the form of the marks made

u ‘less the Constitution of this)

Pate es not guarantee to each voter
an

to express his will by a single
0 any other particular manner,
iv Opinion the Conatitution by

ty the electors does guarantee

ntinued on Second Page.

 

that certain officers shal! be ,

|

walked sround in the hille for a while,
when she felt sleepy, 80 she went on the
porch of an unoccupied house and alept
all night
ladies took her in and fed her. Then
they reed in a paper «bout @ girl like her
having left home and they returned her
.o her horne
Charlies M, Schwab tn Pekin.
Spectal Cible Despaich to THE SUN.
PEKIN, Oct. 10°—Charlea M. Schwab,
while awaiting the arrival of hight Chinese
naval dignitaries, is taking stock of the
great Chinese wall and seeing other
sights.

ene

BoNns STOCK CERTIFIOATES .
ap n y Coriles, Macy o.,
yon a ohn Street. Fetablished 1867 Ade,

 

Yemerday morning two old |

women should be allowed to smoke in
open places is intolerable; it is absolutely
againat all P
affront to publie decency.”

Then Mr. Dowling read a_ resolution
calling upon the Corporation Counsel for

start in the Glidden automobile tour,
iis in Bellevue Hospital suffering from
chloral poisoning, and his two little;
}daughtera whom he brought with him |
jarein ihe eare of tus Children's society |

j waiting uatil thoir facler recovers,
!

 

|do about it. The resolution was passed

| ‘The girls are Ruby, 12 years old, and | without discussion and without dissent.
Jessie, i years old, Ruby saye that her | With sion and withou seent

‘rather shipped his antomobile to this!
city and in company with a Dr. J. B.}

| Smith and Joseph E. Seruges, aleo of}

Aldermen to Investigate Themselves,

i ; , The Aldermen are going to investigate
|Hahira, arrived here Sunday and went) themselves to find out if the Citizens

to the Horel Churchill at Fourteenth | ,; :
street and Broadwuy. On Sunday her | Union allegations are true that they im-

father was taken iil and yesterday hig; pede public business and merely carry
| condition became such that he was taken | out order6 received from party head-
| to Bellevue Hospital. Ruby doesn’t know! quarters. ThaCommittee on Rules ia to

 

| what mado her father ill, appolnt the vootigating committee.
Dr. Smith and Mr, Scruges left the o Aldermen believe that they will be} ., poy
hotel, the room olerk said, exonerated. onthe

|

A PARK FOUNDLING,

 

ublio morality and is an) Weeping Woman Places Baby Girl in

Bushes and Hurries Away,
George Little, a real estate broker of

an opinion as to what the Aldermen could | 384 Fifth avenue, saw a pale young woman,

| gowned in black, place a little baby in the

|
|

|

|

|

bushes near the bridle path at the Seventh
avenue entrance to Central Park yester-

; day afternoon and hurry away. She was | passenger

weeping. Little called Policeman Ange-
line, who took the baby to the Arsenal,

The child was a girl, two months old,
and welldreased. It wastaken to Bellevue
Hospital and placed in the foundling

| ward

 

SOLUREPE OAT SUTiNG
20) an et
Senet HENDIICR HUDSOS re

and this was resorted to as a final ex-
pedient. The boy is being cared for by
the Children's Society until the matter
can be disposed of in court to-day,

 

Power Brakes Ordered on Surface Cars.

The Public Service Commission adopted
yesterday an order requiring the trolley
companies to use power brakes on all
cars weighing over 25,100
pounds. It ig also ordered that all pas-
senger aouble track cars’shall be equipped
with geared hand brakes in addition to
the power brakes. The companies have
until June 1 next to make the equipments.

 

 

“Tiikit" the new stylish eyeglasses, t or |

Piss
Toric Pebbles, Spencer's, now 7 klaiden

!

marched backward and forward in the
desert and when the despatch was written
had not decided to attack the Italian naval
brigade. The despatch says that the
indecision of the commander had caused
the force to be halted within a day's march
outside of Tripoli and that the baggage
without an escort has been sent to the
interior, while the camel men realizing
that the Turkish régime was over walked
off with the camels and their loads.

Nearly all the local conscripts and all
of the locally armed Arabs are eaid to
have deserted. ‘

The Daily Mail's Constantinople corre-
spondent has had an interview with Shev-
ket Pasha, the Turkish Minister of War.

ant | Shovies is quoted as saying: “The war

,