ee .

agi f

¥ ,

SunpAY, MAY 28, 1005. 4 a ,

w e Fair.to-day and to-morrow; a

light variable winds, ) x

——E—————————————__ Se aenpememremeeennm Seeipean Gece eas pene edee ne aD AADT ap ——$—— EPS anno n a  nr O a iae capre — ar cciecseeeaaon ES a OIA oT + Ri ?

VOL, LXXIL—NO, 270, +NEW YO MAY 28, 1905.—conurioht, 1905, by Tae Sun Printing and Publishing Aasociation, THIRTY-SIX PAGES, PRICE FIVE CENTS. Wy th

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GANG SURRENDERS nn ama BRIDGE DRAW WAS DYNAMITED | FOG KEEPS THE LINERS 07, unimpaired he has earned the title of a| inch, 52 6-inch, 76 12-pounders, 40 2% } 4
Mr. MeAdoo May Stick to Acting Detalis St. Paul, Celtic and Caledonia Supposed to master of naval strategy. ie Hah the Chin Yen, 4 32+inoby / ,
—In Doubt About Questions Asked, He at Anchor O77 the Hook. Other officers of the navy expressed ip G22 Ae Fe a ia Ya! an

4 res ' kumo, | F

U, 6.1. Company Has Its Gas
Lease Ordinance Withdrawn,

a

MAYOR WEAVER'S VICTORY.

 

Boss Ourham Feared Disruption
of Philadelphia Machine.

 

Organization Heads Hold a Conference and
President Dolan of the Gas Company
Wants the Fight Continued-—-Durham
Foresees Vast Injury to the Machine if
Buch a Course Is Followed, and Finally
Persnades Dolan Withdraw
Concern's
Was Fast Winning Converts to
Mayor—The Organization
Continue Its Fight Against

to

the
Plans to
Him,

9

PHILADELPHIA, May 27.--At o'clock
this afternoon citizens in the neighborhood
of the City Hall and the tall building of the
United Gas Improvement Company ob-
sérved with some curlosity a large American
flag drop from the pole on the top of the
U. G. I. Building and settle to the roof.
The lowering of the flag at that particular
moment was without special intention but it
600n seemed to have peculiar significance.

Two minutes afterward the whole city
knew, it seemed, that Thomas Dolan, presi-
dent of the United Gas Improvement Com-

pany, had sent lettera to the Presidents of |

the Councils withdrawing the offer of his
corporation to pay the city $25,000,000 for
the privilege of extending its lease fifty-
three years after its termination in 1927.
The news spread with extraordinary rapid-
ity. Men at work in their shopa caught a
word of it, rushed into the street to get more
and remained thers to spread it farther.
Bunting appeared at windows like magic;
a band or two started playing somewhere;
the fever of the good news appeared to he
intoxicating. Customers of barbers sprang
from their chairs and took to the street,
eome of them half lathered; newsboys tired
themselves out furnishing extras to citizens,
who grabbed at them voraciously.
FEARED DISRUPTION OF THE MACHINE.

The United Gas Improvement Company
had etruck its colors, but not until Presi-
dent Dolan was convinced that further
antagonism of the public would be pure
folly and would lead certainly to the abso-
lute disruption of the Republican machine
already shaken and battered by the furious
hammering given it by Mayor Weaver
and public opinion.

Iarael Durham himself counseled sur-
render,‘and in the opinion of Philadelphians
who see to the bottom of things, the boss
ever played a shrewder game nor turned
@ neater trick, even though the gas lease
bad to go by the board. While Mayor
Weaver is a popular hero to-night in this
city, and the brilliant James Gay Gordon
and useful Jobn M. Mack are praised in no
6mal]l measure, it is to Durham, the crafty,
that the public mind turns with something

approaching admiration, with the applause |

that goes to the bold and skilful, even in
a bad cause.
Nobody intimately acquainted with the

present situation denies for a moment that |

Durham has not only kept the organiza-
tion fairly intact, but that he has succeeded
in placing the Mayor in a lamentable hole
by his eurrender to the public and the with-
drawal of the gas lease proposition. The
Mayor wins laurels, but he wi!l pay dear
for them, wise men believe.
U. G. I. WAS LOSING COUNCILMEN.

The end of the bitter struggle, so far as
the gas deal, which has conyulsed this
stéady, slow acting city as has nothing
for a quarter of a century, is concerned,
came tamely enough. With dawn this
morning the belief had come to something

like @ certainty that Durham, with all his |
power, and the U. G. I., with all its induce- |

ments, would never be able to hold in line
enough Councilmen to pass the gas lease
ordinance over the Mayor's veto.

Threats, entreaty, contempt and the
unanswerable arguments of trade had
done their work with the weakest kneed
of the men who helped pass the ordinance.
They were falling away from Durham and
U, G.I. and flocking to Weaver and respecta-
hility. The machine’s support was melt-
ing like a cake of ice on a hot sidewalk.
The Mayor had made gains that aston-
ished his foes. Councilmen who had sworn
by all that was good and bad that they
would turn a deaf ear to the public and
awing the ordinance over the Mayor's head
slipped into Weaver's office and told him,
eometimes with tears in their eyes, that
they simply could not stand to be ostracized
by friends and neighbors and treated like
the dirt under foot. Would he please take
them back and give them a letter written
on his official paper so they could show it
to their constituents in proof of recantation?

By noon to-day it was figured that Mayor
Weaver needed only seven more votes in
the Select Council and ten in the Common
Council to protect his veto, Six Council-

men, three of whom had boasted that they |
would never go back on Durham as long as |

there was a sun in the heavens, ate their
wordsand called on the Mayor before noon.

The defection of Selectman George B.
Edwards from the Twenty-second ward,
Germantown, was a blow that jarred the
gasmen. It finished them and brought
about Boss Durham's advice to Dolan
to quit while there was a chance to save
the carcass, Edwards is one of the oldest
members of the Council.

steered the gas lease ordinance through.
He was regarded by the gang as absolutely
safe.

But the people of Germantown turned
on him, His neighbors did not see him when
he bowed. His customers informed him
that he need not count upon their trade.
His wife implored him to stand up for the
tight. He went to Weaver.

DOLAN WANTED FIGHT CONTINUED.

The man most interested in the salvation
ef the ges lease ordinanc+ went first at 9
o'clock this morning to the office of Israel
Durham, in the Betz Building. President

.

Continued on Second Page.

 

 

the |
Offer—Publio Indignation ;

He is a member |
of the sub-committee on finance which |

Police Commissioner McAdoo threatened
yesterday that if the Civil Service Com-
missioners do not give him a satisfactory
eligible list for police promotions he will
not use the list, but will make temporary
appointments so long as he is in office.
Just what moved the Commissioner to
make the statement was not apparent.
The subject had not been broached by the
hewspaper men.

“I have not been consulted,” sald he,
| tase reference to the questions for in-
Spectors and other grades, and I do not
| know on what lines the examinations are
| cast. Of course I take it that the whole
| machinery of the examinations is most

carefully and scrupulously safeguarded.

But I have heard at second hand that some

of the questions propounded were in refer-

ence to what course they would pursue
| under certain police conditions.

; “Who is to judge of the merits of the
| answers to such questions I do not know.
{ He ought to be some one who has personal
| and professional experience in the matter
| of police work. I doubt if any outsider
| could make a decision on the merits of
' such answers,

“It is only just to myself and the gentle-
men whom I have asked in to advise me,
that the public should know that my dis-
cretion in making permanent promotions
is limited entirely to the lists presented to

me by the oommission, and my power |

to make rejections from the lists is likewise
quite limited. The fountain head, there-
fore, is with the Civil Service Commission.

I would be very glad indeed to furnish the |

|
|

| commission, so far as I could, with the
| records of the actual police work of these
‘men, if such records counted for any thing
| inthe making up of the final percentages.

| “T have only one power left inthe matter,
| and that is if I found the liste entirely un-
| satisfactory, looked at from the beet police
{and public point of view, to ignore them
and continue acting appointments. If I
found myself badly handicapped I would
not hesitate to take this course and let the
) lists lie stagnant as long as I remained

in Office.”

 

MISS ROOSEVELT HITS BULLSEYE.

 

Tries Her Hand at a Rifle Range on Coney
Island.
Miss Alice Roosevelt and a party of
| triencs rode to Coney Island last evening
in automobiles and made the round of the
shows in Luna Park and Dreamland. Miss
| Roosevelt tried her skill at the rifle range
land scored three bullseyes out of five.
“Wild Burt,” the ex-cowpuncher who is
in charge of the rifle range, told Miss Roose-
velt that he had known her father in the
West. Miss Roosevelt seemed much in-
terested and asked with a smile:

*Can he shoot any better than I can?”

“Wild Burt” looked at the recently made
score and shook his head, being much too
| gallant to make comparisons.

Miss Roosevelt was accompanied by
Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney, J. M. Water-
bury, J. J. Blair and Lawrence Waterbury.

During the party’s visit to the park all
the electrio lights went out and the grounds
were left in darkness for twenty minutes.
The trouble was caused by the burning
| out of a transformer in the lighting plant.

PEANUTS WITH SUBWAY BOOZE.

Reasons for It, Which Began, but Only

| Began, With the Canary Birds.
Peanuts are now the most prominent

| provender on the bar of the Subway Tavern

 

 

the very beautiful Joe Johnson's sanctified,
saloon at Bleecker and Mulberry streets.
| It was established some days ago by the
learned Curator Smith of the Central Park
| Zoo that peanuts have a strango influence
| on undetermined sex. And it is time that a
| strange intluence was exerted on sex in
| Mulberry street, says Johnsonus Pulcher.

| The trouble showed itself in the case of
| Coddy, the Canary bird. Coddy was the
|} consort of Potty, a gentleman bird of mag-
nificent voice and great ambition. In the
fulness of time, the Coddy-Potty family
was increased by five little canaries, or
rather canariesses, for they were all song-
less, simple, housekeeping lady canary
bird babylets. This did not worry the
beautiful Joe Johnson or his beautiful
| manager, Joe Jansen. But Coddy and
' Potty have never been quite themselves
| since.

The next demonstration at the Sign of
the Subway was that of Becky, the Up-
‘stairs Cat. The Becky babies were fine
babies—but they were all kittenesses.
There were seven of them.

Bill, the father, wandered from his own
| fireside. He got down into the rathskeller.

Becky, or Mrs. Bill, became very bitter.
| She refused to associate with Bill any more.
She cut him out. She made his ears look
like lrish lace. She did him to a frazzle.
And Bill apparently went to the Feline
Supreme Court of South Dakota and gota
divorce forincompatibility of temperament.

up to him and now Sarah has five k ittens.
But all of them are little girl cats.

It will be easily understood that some
uneasiness was created in the Subway
‘tavern by these events. But it was worse
thanthis. Joe Jansen, almost-as-beautiful-
as-the-boss, has two babies. They are both
girls. The beautiful Joe Johnson had but
one child. It was a girl, too. f

Last Wednesday another baby came into
Mr. Johnson's family. It is a girl.

Anybody who likes free peanuts can find
, them in a large blue bowl at the end of
the Subway Tavern lunch counter.

WILL BE HIS OWN HANGMAN.

Murderer Frank Barker Offers to Press the
Button That Will Release the Trap.

Lincoun, Neb., May 27.—Frank Barker,
convicted of the murder of his brother,
Daniel, and also his brother's wife, and
now confined in the Nebraska penitentiary
awaiting the noose of the hangman for
| his double crime, is to be his own execu-
| tioner.

The decree of The Nebraska Supreme
Court, which has reviewed Barker's case
and affirmed the finding of the jury and
the trial court, has fixed the execution for
Friday, June 16. The law requires that
‘all legal executions in Nebraska shall be
at the penitentiary under the supervision
of the warden.

As Warden Beemer shrinks from the
| duty of springing the trap, Barker has
step into the breach and informed the
warden that he will be his own hangman.
Barker has frankly confessed that he is
guilty, and admits that he deserves the
punishment which the law prescribes,

An electrical contrivance is to control
the trap, connected with a wire rubniog
into Barker's hands. He will be strappe
to his hips, but he will have free use of his
fingers, and will push the button releasing
the trap.

n's Homeopathic Laxatives

 

 

 

weep your liver

a i}
—Adt.

At any rate Sarah, the rathskeller cat, made |

 

|
|
|

en epeceeeng pee eeecesneeeeeee eee

 

 

|
|
|
|

|

 

ntestines active and insure perfect health. | H

;on
| Knapp, a watchman, was cleaning a boiler

EXPLOSIVE PUT IN IRON SOCKET

IN WHICH THE DRAW TURNS.

 

A Question Whether It Ie the Result of
Labor Troubles—Explosion Destroys
the Timber Support of the Unfinished
Draw and Bends the Big Steel Beams.

Little more is known of a dynamite game
which was played in the Hackensack River
early yesterday morning than that a great
charge of thestuff was exploded in the“shoe,”
or socket, of the newdraw being constructed
for use in the passenger bridge of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad, which crosses near the
Turnpike on the outskirts of Jersey City.
It made a roar that was heard not only
in Jersey City, Newark and Hoboken, but
in lower Manhattan and western Brooklyn.

Jt tore into flinders the middle of the crib |

that supporta the draw and cracked and
bent the steel beams of the draw itself.
It might have wrecked the draw beyond
repair were it not that the structure had
not yet been bolted and the framework
yielded to the concussion where resistance
would have meant destruction,

Who did the job and why they did it
are matters of conjecture on the part
of the Jersey City police and the
railroad detectives. Whether the dyna-
miters accomplished all they wanted to
do is another problem that probably won't
be solved unless one of them is caught and
confesses.

The Hackensack flows southwest in this
neighborhood on ita slow way to Newark
Bay and is crossed here by the bridges of
the Pennsylvania and Lackawanna rail-
roads and the trolley and foot bridges.
The Lackawanna bridge is well to the nerth
of the foot bridge. The Pennsylvania
bridges, freight and passenger, are just to
the south, about 100 feet apart, the passen-
ger bridge, which bears a tremendous
traffic daily, being furthest down stream.
A new draw was needed for the passenger
bridge and the company has heen con-
structing it for about a year. It is about
400 feet long and is framed on a great crib
about 90 feet south of the passenger bridge.
When finished it is to he moved up stream
and elevated into place. The cost of the
draw was to be $500,000.

The draw is less than one-third
structed and is about 200 feet in length.
the center of it is a “shoe,” or socket, on
which the draw will turn when it’s in place.
It was in this socket that the dynamite
was placed. This is positively known, for
the socket was destroyed by the explosion.
The socket is an iron casting and weighs
about 3,000 pounds.

A long fuse was attached to the dynamite,
and the powder marks of twenty feet of
fuse could be traced along the timbers
under the draw.

That the dynamiters reached the draw
in a rowboat was proved conclusively late
yesterday afternoon when an abandoned
rowboat with only one oar was found on
the Jersey City shore about half a mile
from the draw. ‘This boat was stolen from
a boathouse and when it was taken away
in the early morning had two oars, .No
trace of the second oar could be found
yesterday.

There has been a recent conflict
the unions and the men in charge of the
building of the draw. The railroad does
its own bridge building and sticks to the
open shop. It was said yesterday that
the unions had first tried to annoy the
railroad by complaining to the Govern-
ment that the company had not obtained
permission to obstruct the river with the
crib, The outcome of this did not satisfy
the unions.

A few weeks ago there was violence,
A foreman of construction, William
Muchon, was called out of his office and
set upon by six men, whom he said he
recognized as union bridgeworkers, and
terribly beaten, Several of his teeth were
knocked out, his face was hammered, and
he had “the boots put to him” in the man-

con-

In |

between |

A southeasterly zephyr rolled a heavy

| that ought to have arrived yesterday and

| by wireless with Nantucket

| with wireless that could get her.

1 dense mist and the

| fog into the last lap of transatlantic ships
1

forced them to anchorage last night out-
side the Hook.

Three of them, the American liner St.
Paul, the Anchor liner Caledonia and the
White Star giant Celtic, had communicated
just after
dawn yesterday, and the officials of the
linos expected their ships to dock before
sunset. |

The Anchor Line agent sent out a notice
that the Caledonia had broken the record
from Glasgow and wold be up to her pier
last evening. He had not counted on the
fog, which the Weather Bureau reported
all along the coast from Virginia to Block
Island. |

Nore of the three big ships was able to
make her presence Inown to her agenta,
because none had a siater in port equipped
A revenue
cutter was held at the Barge Office pier
until 7 o'clock dast night waiting for reports
from the Hook. No word came out of the
customs folks went

home. |
Siesta nine ees

KILLED IN) LUNA) PARK.

An Athlete Falls Five Stories in ‘Fire and
Flames.”

George Mclean, one of the firemen
in the “Fire and Flames” show in Luna
Park, was killed during the 9 o'clock per- |
forrnance last night. McLean was one of a
troupe of four acrobats who dress as fire-
men and run up the front of the burning
building on scaling ladders.

McLean failed to hook his ladder securely
on the cornice of the building. It gave way
under him and he fell five stories to the pave-
ment below. He waa taken to the Recep-
tion Hospital but died almost immedi-

 

| ately after his arrival there.

The audience did not understand that a
real tragedy had taken place, as they sup-
posed that the falling man was one of the
dummies which are thrown out of windows
during the show. ‘There was no excitement

| and the show went on as though nothing

|

| “They”

| making rates) “shall not be dec.ared in-
|

|

|

; rulings “shall

ner which entertainment committees were |

wont to prescribe in the days of Sam Parks.

The Pennsylvania company sent several
detectives to guard its workmen, and six
Jersey City policemen went to the spot
not only to see that the draw builders were

safe, but to prevent labor troubles at gas |

works in the neighborhood. There was no
further trouble and a few days ago all but
one of the policemen were withdrawn.

At the time of yesterday morning's
blow-up three railroad detectives were
duty about the bridge, and William

of the piledriver moored close to the new
draw. None of them saw or heard any-
thing until the flash and the roar, Knapp

} was knocked down and the detectives were |

stunned and deafened.

General Superintendent Sheppard of the
Pennsylvania receivéd the following report
from Division Superintendent
crombie:

At 1:32 o'clock this morning a watchman
reported that the drawbridge in process of
construction in the Hackensack River had
been blown up. Later advices are that very
little damage was done

The dynamiting recalled the recent rumor
that President Cassatt of the Pennsylvania
had received letters threatening his life.
On this subject Supt. Sheppard said:

As to the report that threatening letters
have been received by officials of the co'n-
pany, I will say that I have received no
threatening letters. No officer of the road
has received a threatening letter, so far as
{ know. Possibly some foreman may have
received such a letter and not reported the
fact.

If the president of the company had got
a letter of the kind I might know of it. I
have not heard that he has received a threat-
ening letter.

In regard to the cause of the explosion,
dynamite might have been used on the draw-
bridge by setting it off with an exploder,
Persons could have operated from a boat,
using a wire connection to set off the dyna-

mite. The drawbridge could be approached
only in a boat.

We sometimes have had trouble with
“entertainment committees,” this having

occurred in the time of the late Sam Parks,
who died in Sing Sing prison. I sent for him
on that occasion, and he straightened that
out all right. | have not heard of any such
trouble recently.

 

 

 

French Warship Sent to Crete.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue SuN.
Paris, May 27.The Tempa says that
the armored cruiser Kléber, now at Bona,
Algiers, has received orders to proceed to
Canea, Crete, which is the center of the
Cretan movement for annexation to Greece,
and to which two Italian ships of war, with

| back in the section where it be’ongs.

|
|
|
|
|
|
\
'
|
{
| distant future. Mrs. Shaw is a sister of

|
, in the Gulf of Ancud, off the southern coast. |
|
|

had happened.

MRS.

SHAW TO MARRY A PEER.

 

Sister of Mrs. Charles Dana Gibson Will

Wed Lord Revelstoke.
RIcHMOND, Va., May 27.—Although no |
formal announcement has been made, it
became known to-day that the marriage
of Mrs. Nannie Langhorne Shaw and Lord
Revelstoke is to be experted in the not

Mrs. Charles Dana Gibson and of Mrs.
Reginald Brooks. Like them, she is famed
for her beauty. When a girl she married
Robert G. Shaw of Boston, and several
years later got a divorce from him.

She has since spent much of her time
abroad, and of late has been occupying a
residence with Mra. John Jacob Astor at
Market Harborough. She has met Lord
Revelstoke frequently, both being fond
of hunting and riding. Her intended is the
second Lord: Teveletoke; John Baring by
name, of the famous firm of Baring Bros.

 

LEFT OUT IMPORTANT WORD.

Wisconsin Senate Must Repass the Rajlway
Rates Commission Bill.

Mapison, Wis., May 27.—Th? omission
of the little word “not” in the engrossed
copy of the bill passed by the Senate, cre-
ating a commission to control and supervise
railway rates, makes it necessary to amend
the bill and pass it again. Section 33 of
the new law was intended to read that
(the orders of the comm‘ssion |

operative, illegal or void for any omission
of a technical nature in respect thereto.”

As the bill was actually passed by the
Senate it provides that the commission's |
be declared inoperative,” |
&c., for any omission of a technical nature
in respect thereto.

The mistake was discovered by accident.
by a member of the railroad committee, |
and had it not been noticed the bill would
have become a law and the railway com-
mission would have been shorn of its power.
The situation now calls for the repassage
of the bill in the Senate with the word “not”

CHILEAN CRUISER FOUNDERS. |

 

 

Commander of the Presidente Pinto Re- |
ported to Have Committed Sulctde. |
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN. |
Santraco, Chile, May 27,—The Chilean
cruiser Presidente Pinto has foundered

According to‘one report her commander,

| Capt Whitesize, committed suicide in
despair, Another version says he was |
| drowned.

Aber- |
' . .

| Errazuriz,
' and coppered

was built of steel, sheathed
and was of 2,047 tons dis-
placement, with £400 horse-power. She
was built in France and was comp'eted in |
1892.

She ws a sister ship of the Presidente |
|
|
|
|

JEROME AFTER TOM ROURKE.

 

Delavan Hotel Proprietor Rearresied on
Spectal Sessions Warrant.
District Attorney Jerome procured in

the rearrest of Tom O'Rourke, proprietor

| of the Delavan Hotel, at Broadway and

Fortieth street, and Detective Campbell
got O'Rourke and took him before Justice |
Olmsted, who held him under $500 bail.
O'Rourke's hotel was raided on April 26
by Eggers’s men. On May 19, for lack of |
evidence, Magistrate Whitman, in Jeffer- |
son Market, discharged O'Rourke after a |
hearing on a charge of running a disor- |
derly house. j
Under the information act which Dis- |
!
|
|
|
!

Special Sessions yesterday a warrant for
{
!

trict Attorney Jerome had passed, he has
the right to review any Magistrate's de-
cision, The District Attorney has made
nosecret of the fact that he is after O'Rourke
and has heen busy strengthening his case
against him.

SHE LEAPED FROM A WINDOW,

Thought She Heard a Burglar, boi at Was |
Only a Sparrow. |

Mount VERNON, N. Y., May frmine |

|

police received a message this morning
that a woman dressed only in a nightgown
was in the yard surrounding the home of |
Dr. Howland, 252 Garden avenue. Rounds- |
man Gilroy found that she was a maid
employed by Dr. Howland who had jumped
from the third story window because she
thought she heard barglars in the house.
policeman sear the house for the

1,800 marines on board, were despatched | phurglar and found a stray sparrow which
on May 9.
DEWEY'S PURE WINES & GRAPE JUICE.

Unequalled for the weak and over worked.
P & Sons Co., 183 Fulton S1., New ork

|

. T, Dewey
Ads.

| had darted into an upstairs window and

| alarmed the girl. The officer caught the

| bird and took it to the police station, The

girl. qinaer she jumped thirty feet, was
unhurt.

| Togo.

| any moment.

BE IN BATTLE,

Russian Ships Enter Corean
Straits and Toklo
Hears of Fight.

 

TOGO IN GOOD POSITION.

 

Japanese Commander Favored
by the Place of Battle.

 

Rojestvensky Moves His Fleet North
ward in Two Colamns, Battleships to
Starboard and Cruisers and Smaller
Boats to Port—Craisers From Viadivose
tek Believed to Be Steaming Soath
to His Assistance—Separate Engage-

May Occur at Saddle Islands,

Russian Ships Stayed.

ment
Where Slowest

Spectal Cable Despatches to TAR SUN.
Lonpon, May 27.—There is no confirma-
tion of the rumor of an engagement _be-
tween the Russian and Japanese fleets in
the Tsu Shima Straits, but the fact that tha

Yip
44 i,
YY

Gf
if Sig A

1

Ni

Mf

= NGHA!
WOP rine SADOLE ISLANDS

SCENE OF THE

confidence in Rojestvensky's ability to

outwit or defeat Togo.

 

TOGO'S ADVANTAGE PLAIN,

Washington View of a Naval Battle in the
Cerean Straits.

WASHINGTON, May 27.—The entire fight-
ing strength of the Russian fleet, not in-
cluding the colliera and smaller vessels,
which were evidently left behind, probably
at the Saddle Islands and at Wuosung,
were this morning headed for the Tsu
Shima Straits, a portion of the Corean
Straits, according to a despatch received
at the State Department late this afternoon
from lloyd C, Griscom, United States
Minister to Japan.
was issued by the State Department:

 

The following bulletin |

——

lurate, Idzumo, Tokiwa, Asama, Kasuga |
and Nisshin, with a gun power of 1 10¢,
inch, 30 8-inch, 10 4-inch, 92 12-pounderg”
42 214-pounders.

Protected Cruisers —-Kasagi, Chitose,
Itsukushima, Hashidate, Matsushima,
Kaniwa, Takachico, Akitsushima, Idzuml,
Akashi, Suma, Chiyoda, Niitaka, Teushima
and Otawa, with a gun power of 3 12,46
inch, 4 10-inch, 4 8-inch, 36 6-inch, 94 4,7 |
inch, 62 12- ounders, 40 6-pounders, 8§
3-pounders and 20 1-pounders.

Unprotected Cruisers—-Takas, Yaegamag’
Tenrin, Katsuragi, Yamato, Musaehl, |

| Tsukushi and Amagi, in the order of thely

“Mr. Griscom, the American Minister at |

Tokio, has reported to the Department |
of State the announcement of the Japanese |

Admiralty that the entire fighting strength
of the Baltic fleet was seen this morning
headed for the Tsu Shima Straits.”
Government officials here firmly believe
thatthe two fleets will meet within a few

It is thought that Rojestvensky has left be-
hind him at the Saddle Islands and at Wu-
aung colliers and small vessels which would
not only be of little use in battle but which
would impede any rapid dash toward
Viadivostok by the fighting craft of his
fleet.

Private advices received here early to-

day, which are regarded as authentic, re- |

ported that more than twenty-one Russian
vessels were at the Saddle Islands, inclu-

|

ding three battleships and three cruisers. ,

Later despatches of an official nature re-
port the departure of the six fighting vessels,
with the other ships remaining at anchor,
despite the protests of the Chinese officials.

hours, if they have not already done so.
The battleships and cruisers evidently

 

NAVAL BATTLE.

‘au Shima, or Tsu Island, where the Russian ships are reported, is about in the middle
of the Straits of Corea. At high water, as shown on the map, it becomes two islands,
a channel then: separating the highest parts. The western channel is about thirty
miles wide and the eastern about twenty-five. If the Russian fleet is victorious in battle
or if it evades the Japanene warships it still has 650 miles to go to reach Vladivostok, its

destination.

 

Japanese are censoring telegrams seems
to lend support thereto

Special significance is attached to the
Tokio despatch announcing that “beyond
the fact that Admiral Rojestvensky'’s main
fleet, steaming in two columns, the battle-
ships to atarboard and the cruisers and
gunboats to port, has appeared in the

Tsu Shima Straits, allinformation of to-day's

historic events are withheld or transmission
refused.”

It is believed that the words “historic
events” escaped the censor's notice and that
they were meant to convey the intimation
that something beyond the arrival of Ro-

| jeatvensky had happened in the Tsu Shima

Straits.
TOKIO HEARS OF BATTLE.

Tok10, May 27.—-Tokio was stirred early
to-day by the announcement that the
Russian fleet was off Tsu Shima in the Straits
of Corea, and that the long expected naval
battle was imminent.

The first report of the presence of Rojest-
vensky’s ships thus far north came from
Sasebo. Orders were immediately issued
suspending navigation in the Corean Straits.

The report was soon confirmed by an
announcement from the Admiralty that

| the full strength of the Russian sea force

in the Far East had been seen heading for
Tsu Shima.

Later rumors were current that the en- |

gagement had begun in the afternoon,
Admiral Togo advancing from his base at
Masampho, Corea, to meet the Russians,
It was also reported to-day that five
Russian warships were sighted last Tues-

| day off Iturup Island, one of the Kurile
| chain, between northern Japan and Kam-

chatka.

ht is believed that the Russian warships
at Vladivostok have left that port and
started south, possibly with the purpose
of aiding Rojestvensky in the fight with
So far as known there were only
two cruisers there in condition to fight.

RUSSIA EXPECTED TOGO TO ATTACK.

Sr. Pererspura, May 27.—The Admi-
ralty this evening expressed the opinion
that a naval battle might be expected at
The Japanese would prob-
ably not delay in making an attack.

That is the official opinion. Meanwhile,
the public is stirred by rumors that Admiral
Rojestvensky has won a victory. The
fact that this was a holiday, the anniversary
of the Cvar's coronation, gave greater
scope to the public enthusiaam ower the
reported victory.

Admiral Wirenius cf the General Staff
of the Navy said;

“If Rojestvensky has cleared the Corean
Strait be haa open water ahead. If he has
succeeded in mystifying the enemy and
entered the Japanese Sea with his force

 

THE SECOND EMPIRE.

A new fast train on the New York Central leaves
Granta Cenyal Station 2:80 P. M., arrives albeny
056, Buf-

0, Utica 7:14 Tacuse 8:39,
ate iso pat "Wo Cacess Fare Ade.

 

start through the Corean Straits for Vladi-
vostok.

The fact that Rojestvensky did not meet
any Japanese warshiys in passing north-
ward between Formosa and the Island of

\ size,

Torpedo Poat Destroyers — Sh'akumo, ,
Asash 0, Harvsame, Murasame, Akataukl, |
Kasumi, Ikadsuch', Inazuma, Akebono, !

Sazanami, Oboro, Sh'nonome, Murakumo,' |

Yugiri, Shiranuhi, Usugumo,
Asagiro and Hayatori.

Torpedo Gun Vessels — Chihaya and
Tatsuta.

Gunboats— Akagi, Banjo, Oshima, Atagay
Maya and Chiokai

Coast defenso vessels and auxiliaries im
proportion to the fleet.

Naval authorities in Washington figured
on the information obtainable in April
that the balance of gun power was greatly
in favor of the Japanese, though the Ruse
sians had the greater number of battles
ships. The difference was accounted for
in the superior number and armament
of the Japanese cruisers. !

The first two squadrons of the Russian
fleet started from the Baltic Sea in October,
before Port Arthur had fallen, and it was

Kagero,

| expected that the ships would arrive in
| time to relieve the blockade of that port.

But their progress was slow and marked
by sensational incidents. At its start

! | the fleet was in a demoralized condition,
hastened away to join Rojestvensky in his |

It had been reported that the Japanese '
had torpedo boats, bought in England,
inthe North Sea. Whenthe Russians ran

; into a British fishing fleet they mistook
| the trawlers forthe teared Japs and opensd

rc

| waters,

Lugon of the Philippines group indicates |

very clearly that Togo has his fleet centered
in the Corean Straits, very near home, and
where he can fight to a great advantage.
If Togo has any cruisers in or about For-
mona these will probably follow the Russian
fleet northward, and possibly will make an
attack on the Russian vessels at Saddle
Islands. If the Japanese want to attempt
to capture the colliers and other craft at
the Saddle Islands there would probably be
no hesitancy in making an effort on account
of fear of violating Chinese neutrality, in-
asmuch as the Russians have apparently
already refused toaccede tothe demands of
the Chinese officials to depart from the
| Saddle Islands.
| The newspaper despatches relativetothe
presence of Russian warships at Wusung
have been confirmed by advices received at
he State Department from several sources
| to-day.

 

 

 

HOW THE FLEETS COMPARE,

 

 

| Russians Haye More Battleships, but
Japanese Gun Power Is Superior.

 

made without official information from
Tokio as to what ships Admiral Togo would
| use in the battle. It is known quite ac-
curately what vessels Rojestvensky took
from the Baltic to the Far East and what
reenforcements afterward joined him. It
has been necessary to assume that Togo
| would use practically the full strength of
| the Japanese Navy. In that event the
, fleets would size up about as follows:

 

| RUSSIA.
| Battleships--Alexander III., Borodino,
Orel, Suvaroff and Oslyabia, with a

gun power of 16 12-inch, 4 10-inch, 58 6-inch,
| 100 12-pounders and 100 3-pounders; the

Siasoi Veliki and Navarin, 8 12-inch, 14
‘ 6-inch and 26 8-pounders; the Nicolai, 2
12-inch and 2 6-inch.

Armored Cruisers — Nakhimoff, Dmitri
Donskoi, with a gun power of 14 6-inch,
20 4.7-inch, 19 3 and 1-pounders; Vladinir
Monomach, 6 6-inch, 6 4.7-inch and smaller
guns.

Protected Cruisera—Olig, Aurora, Sviet-
lana, Semtchug, Izumrud and Almoz, with
a gun power of 26 6-inch, 34 12-pounders
and 42 3 and 1-pounders.

Coast Defense Vessels—Oushakoff, Senia-

fire. One fishing boat was sunk, a number’
damaged and several of the crews killed’
and wounded, Great Britain made prompt
demand for reparation, and for a time the
crisis was acute. Finally the affair wag
submitted to an international court of /
arbitration, which met in Paris and dé.
cided against the Russians. Damag2s were
paid.

The fleet stopped at Cherbourg and then
split. Admiral Rojestvensky, with most of
his ships, went around the Cape and the
rest went through the Suez Canal. The
two squadrons met again at Madagascar,
where they took on supplies of coal, Crose-
ing the Indian Ocean, they passed through
the Straits of Malacca into the South China
Sea and eteamed along the coast to Saigom
and then to Kamranh Bay, French Inde
China.

Here they took on more supplies, and’ eck
another international crisis arose, THE”

SUN correspondent, who visited Kamranb;
Bay and saw the assistance the French

authorities were giving to the Russians, *'

attempted to send a dispatch from Baigos
describing the conditions. The loca) French
authorities refused to transmit the despatch.

ts

 
    
  
 

|
j

Later it was sent from Hongkong, and %

its publication aroused all Europe because
of the apparent violation of neutrality it
described. France, finally stirred to actionj
ordered the Russian ships from its Eastern
and Rojestvensky, now fully
equipped, sailed north for battle.

RUSSIA BUYS GERMAN LINER, ,
Pays Big Price for a Failure, the Kats”
Friedrich,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
LONDON. May 2k.--Lloyds Weekly Newe
states that Russia has purchased the steame
ship Kaiser Friedrich, paying therefor
£275,000. This vessel was built for the
Hamburg-American Steamship Company
in 1897 but was net accepted because she
failed to make the stipulated 21 knote an
hour on her trial trip. The negotiations
were conducted in London through a French
agent, who, it is understood, has arranged
to have the vessel armed with Creuso®

guns.
WE TO BUY SAKHALIN, 4

Paris Hears a Tteport That United States
Has Made an Offer,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Paris, May 27.-A dispatch from Ste
Petersburg to the Pett Parisien says it ts

‘rumored the United States has offered to
| purchase Sakhalin Island from Russia, and

All comparisons of the two fleets have been |

vine and Afrakain, with a gun power of 3 |

10-inch and 4 9-inch.

Torpedo Boat Destroyers — Biedory,
Buiny, Bystry, Bezupretshny, Blestiashty,
Bravy, Bodry, Gromki, Grosniy, Presor-
| livy, Rezitky and Riany.

Unconverted Merchant Steamers—Ku-
ban, Terek, Ural, Rion and Dneiper, with
small fighting strength, but of value as
scouts.
| Balloon Ship—Russ.

Repair Ship—Xenia.

Hospital Ship—Kostroma.
| Transports (reported)—Okean, Veronej,
is Yaroslav, Orel, Kamtchatka,

 

*

Kieff, Vladimir, Korea, Meteor, Kitai,
Jupiter, Esperanza (cold storage ship),
Mercury, Anadir and Gortechakoff.

JAPAN.
Rattleships—Mikasa, Asahi, Shikishima
and Fuji, with a gun power of 16 12-

Fireworks for the éth.

Examine the stickless rockets and other novei-
fork.— Ade.

Paia's
‘des at 12 Park place, New

4

4

that the offer has been accepted,

Japan’s Demand on China, a
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Tokio, May 27.—The Japanese Governe
ment has demanded of the Chinese Gove
erninent that the Russian ships at Shanghag
or Wusung, which have been in the Chinese —
port over twenty-four hours, be disarmede

Cable to Chefoo Not Cut,
Spectal Gable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, May 27.—The report that the
cable between Shanghai and Chefoo had
been cut proves to haye been inaccurate,
The cable was interrupted as the result
of an accident.

Japanese Capture a Town,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Tox1o, May 27.—An official report from
military headquarters in Manchuria says
that Japanese cavalry on Tuesday drove
the Russians out of Szumiencheng, eighteen
miles north of Changtu, and occupied the
place.

PROTEST AT NAN PATTERSON,

Righteous Wilkesbarre Folk Try to Prevent
Her Theatrical Appearance There.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 27.—Many pro-
tests followed the announcement to-day
that Nan Patterson will appear at the
Nesbit Theater here next Tuesday as the
star in a musical comedy called “A Romance
of Panama." Ministers, prominent women
and laymen called Mayor Kirkendall by
telephone or waited upon him personally

 

 

 

| to decry the proposed performance as a

disgrace to the city and ask him to do all
in his power to prevent it.

The arguments were that Nan Patterson
is appearing merely because of the notoriety
she achieved in the trials for murder; that
her past life as revealed by the trials
such that she should not be paraded an
exploited, and that it would be a lasting
shame if the performance is allowed here,

Mayor Kirkendall said to-night that he

agreed with those who protest, but that | —

he did not see how he was enelly. empowe-
ered to prevent the production if the theater
managers insist upon having it. He

sent
menagers of the theater, however, an

{| will havea conference with them to-morrowWed

the protests in general form to the,‘

Saeed nce

SF TS, an Re

\

mae as

Ss

3

a ren

Bs
=
4 |
% tb

tg