Fair and warmer to-day; to-morrow
fair; moderate, variable winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 61; lowest,
Detailed weathor reports on page 11,

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 259,

47.

 

 

 

SENATE STORMS “4U57#/4N peace 8m “BRITICH REPEL NEW IRISH RULE [HOUSE PILES UP [U. S. DESTROYER FLOTILLA -

AT PRESIDENT
FOR FIVBHOURS

'

Iodge Leads in Attack on;

 

Executive Branch for |
Interfering.

USURPATION

i

 

CHARGED|

 

Senator Defends Congress's
Course in Analyzing’
War Measures.

 

SECRET SESSION IS EL

 

Democrats Join in Vehement!
Attacks on Administra-

 

{

tion Leaders. |
WASHINGTON, May 16.—Bitter re-!
sentment against the Administration

leaders who have accused Congress ‘of
dilatory methods was voiced In the Sen-
ate to~<Jay when the war budget bill
displaced the food contro] measure be-
fore the Senate, and whtn an amend-
ment introduced by the Senate Commit-
tee on Appropriations providing $500,000
for the use of the Council of National
Defence came up for discussion,

The Council of National Defence, com-
posed of Cabinet officers; its civilian ad-
visory commission and the Government
shipping board were special targets of
senatorial wrath, and President Wilson
bimself was shartly criticised. The coun-
cil was charged with usurpation of au-
thority, and with unlawfully celegating
power to the advisory commission. The
shipping board was assailed for alleged
interference with private shipbuilders
and for insisting upon its wooden ship
programme. The Presicent was attacked
for alleged lack of cooperation and con-
sultation with Congress,

The upshot of the entire disctssion
was the adoption of an amendment by
Senator Sterling of South Dakota, set-
ting forth that the powers of the Coun-
cil of National Defence shall not be con-
sidered enlarged because of war condi-

tions ° 4 ~_
Lodge, Massachtsnetts, ex-

 

Senator
pressed the sentiments of many members
of both houses with regard to criticiem
to which both bodies haye been sub-
jected, and in the course of his defence
of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment scored the Administration for its
Present tendency toward usufpation of
legislattve functionger-—.mnerncamonne

“Since the declaration of war," said
Senator Lodge, “the work of Congress
has been unusual and extraordinary.
Both the Senate and the House have
Given whole hearted and carnhest devo-
ton to their duties.”

Lodge Reviews Legislation.

After reciting a number of the im-
Dortant measures which have been con-
sidered and passed by the Congress in
the last six weeks, including the
declaration of war itself, the issuance of
the $7,000,000,000 in bonds and certtfi-
cates of indebteness, the conactiption
billand a score of minor measures, Sena-
tor Lodge expressed the opinion that
never in the history of the American
Congrees had greater or more sincerely
honest attention been given to the func-
tions of legisiation.

“The idea ia growing in certain quar-
ters,” declared Senator Lodge, “that the
functions of the Congress are simply to
Serve as the vehicle for the enactment
Into law of whatever the executive
branch of the. Government may formu-
late Into a legislative p: tion.

“This idea has grown the minds of
some persons to the extent that all that
{s necessary to be done is for a measure
to be framed by some@very excellent gen-
tlemen perhaps only a very short while
holding a position of executive author-
{ty, and for us to receive it, read it and
Dass it without discussion or amend-
Ment.

“Our functions are clearly defined
Under the Constitution and we would be
in ‘he last degree recreant to our duty to
the people who have elected us if we did
Not discues, analyze and amend meas-

A as they come to us for considera-
on,

Referg to Esplonage Bill,

“We have devoted a considerable por-
tlon of the time of the Senate to the de-
bates which finally resulted in the elim-
ination of those provisions of the espion-
age bill which the Administration had
written’ and sent to us in completed form
whereunder vast powers of control weré
granted over the collection and distribu-
tlon of the news of the nation.

“But we are having demands made
Upon us for the abdication of the func-
tions of the Congress. These demands
come not from the President alone but
from mombers of the Cabinet and from
People whose official positions are but
Creations of the moment.

“We shall not shorten the war by the
abdication of the powers vested by the
Constitution in Congress. The most im-
portant thing which we have now to con.
sider ig how to carry on the war by keep-
Ing alive and healthy all the nation’s in-
Gustries, in the field, on the farm and in
the factories. This demand for the reg-
Ulatory power to be placed, even as a
the
exclusion o} prerogatives of the leg-
mative branch is the. demand of un-

ason,

“Business {s languish to-day not be-
Cause of absence of the of pro-
fuction but because of the reason that
the people engaged in the industries of
Production are undergoing thiv unwar-
ranted suspense and are in fear of
threats to Soptzey the rights of the tn-
dustries themsely: You must have the
Spirit of confidence.
farmer and the business man ‘fer) that

is not to be interfered with un-
Feasonably, unwarrantably and uselessly.

Ne Unheeding Delay.

“It is more than ever important in
‘his time of the existenee of a state of
War that these questions should be dis-
Cussed here, There has been no useless
or unheeding delay. The debates in the
Senate, and in the House a@ well, have
2ll been genuine debates on the
of the questiona before

“Nor is Congress te be stampeded
either by the suggestion of the demands
of money or by the eugmestion of the
constitutional points invaded because
somebody thinks. that
GrOmtes am Free eh Cae

 

    

ce

 
   
  
 
 
     
  
 
 
  

 

 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
   

   
    
   

  
 

      
       
          
        
     

  

  

  

    
 

  

 

       
    
 
  
    
   
   
 

 
  

the two houses. | tion

by Germany.

Special Cable DespatcA to Tan Sex,

Rome, May 16.—Tho Vatican is con-
Vinced that there will be peace over-
enn sae ei Mpg rs Central Powers.
; tharles of Austria-
determined to make peace ¢ ~ bye fi
Government is cultivating better rela-
tlorts with its peoples through promises
hh this direction. These promises, how-
ever, no longer satisfy the people, Wwho
insist upon quick action, ;

The Vatican is informed that the
Upper classes in Austria are now con-
Vinced that Germany is prepared to be-
tray Austria to save Germany in the
peace negotiations. Thus the Emperor,
the ruling classes and the masses are

| united for the first time in demanding

peace,

Germany apparently will not be able
to withstand the

clally considering the increasingly
menacing internal conditions there.

PENFIELD APPEARS
SUDDENLY IN CITY

Ambassador Is Back From
Vienna Long Before Friends
Expected Him.

 

 

 

s00n and his |

prossure forever, espe- |

|Upper Classes Fear Betrayal |

|

FURIOUS DRIVE

 

: NEW * YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1917.—copyrigne, 1917, vy tne sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

- TERMS DEFINED

 

 

 

 

BURDEN OX RICH

| Line Wavers for a Time| Provides Home Government) Lenroot Successfully Starts

|
}

'

\

| @ moment

Under Sheer Weight of
German Masses.

ALL GROUND REGAINED!JOINT COUNCIL CREATED | 2 NEW GRADES ee

Hindenburg’s Troops Fail to
Push Temporary Advan-
tagé in Bullecourt.

 

Lonpox, May 16, — Against both
British and French Von Hindenburg
threw to-day massed attacks of great
power, using picked troops which may
have come fresh from a long rest on the
inactive Russian front. British and
French fought better than the Germans
and Von Hindenburg’s effort ended in
failure.

It was no easy victory, however. The
first onslaught of the picked troops met
with success against both of the allied
armies, British and*French wavered for
under the shock, but they

| quickly rallied, regained all the ground

lcst, took numbers of German prisoners

Frederic Courttand Penfield, Amert-| ana sent the shattered remnant back to

can Ambasador to Austria-Hungary, ap-
peared in this city last evening with his
wife to the delighted surprise of his
friends, who had the impression that he
was somewhere on the Atlantic, coring
here from a Spanish port. He was

 

1

 

their trenches,

Fight at Roees.
Von Hindenburg chose for his effort
on the British front the two mile stretch
from Gavrelle tv the Searpe, which In-

cheerful and communicative, and said|‘ludes the village of Roeux, with the
he felt as good as he looked, which was | Chemical works und the cemetery which

exceptionally fine.
humorous twinkle before going to hi»
‘Manhattan home at 787 Fifth avenue:

“There are only two to whom I can
tell the complete story of my diplomatic
experience, and they are President Wil-
s0n and the Secretary of State. If I do
otherwise I']] be fired.”

The Ambassador admitted that diplo-
matic considerations inspired the Em-
bassy to make it appear that he and
Mrs. Penfield were coming to America
by way of Spain, and so after leaving

He remarked with a) Field Marshal Haig captured last Mon-

day. The waves !n fleld gray came for-

j ward from Plouvain. and were met by

| down the slopes of Greenland Hill were! them, however, has been narrowed by the |taxed 68 per cent., including the pro-
caught by high explosive shells, and | fact that it is impossible for them In the | visions of existing law.

a whirlwind tire. Other troops coming

their losses were tremendous. Then the
British machine guns get to work, but
the Germans were in unusual strength.

“Sheer weight and momentum carried-

the Germans beyond the British out-
posts, and even into the chemical works
themselves,” writes the Associated Press

Vienna this report was circulated to correspondent at tho front, “but. like «

conceal thelr movements. The Embassy,

thé Ambasador said, still exists, and is} taneous,
Even the! struck.

in charge of the councillor.
officials of the ship from which the Am-

rubber ball the rebound was instan-
and swiftly the defenders
After a short, hard fight the
enemy was thrown out, with heavy

baseador landed at an American port | losses, leaying the British more estab-

did not know he was coming.
The Ambaseador would not say that

lished than ever.”
At Bullecourt there was some furious

diplomatic relations between the United | hand to hand fighting, with the result

States and Austria-Hungary had been
broken off, contenting himself with ob-
serving cheerfully: “I am recalled for
consultation.” e finally unbosomed
himself to his questioners in this wise:
“IT have been four years on duty with-
out one day of vacation. The old style
of diplomacy was for a man to go
abroad and sit on red velvet cushions
and devete himself to social functions.
I went over there to work. I spent one
year putting the United States on the
map. and for three years I have been
trying to keep it there. For two years
there has not been one word published
in the Austrian newspapers favorable to
the United States. °
“You know the newspapers are cen-
sored, And when articles and cartoons
appeared reflecting on President Wilson
I went to the Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs and asked him if the papers were
not under Government control. He
said, ‘Oh, yes.’ Then I showed him some
of the objectionable cartoons and asked
him how he explained them. He said
again, ‘Oh, yes,’ adding, ‘We did not see
that. It must have slipped in.’
“Thereafter orders were issued that
were so strict that for more than
week the first page, which !s the edi-
torial, would be blank. I've been the
cause of the publication of more white
y one else in the world, I

 

Among Ambassador Penfleld's fellow
Voyagers were Frederick H. Prince of
Boston and Lawrence Rumsey of Buf-
falo, American aviators, just frdm the

|

\

 

that practically all the advantage the
Germans won there yesterday was nulll-
fied. On the Hindenburg line east of
Bullecourt the British troops made prog-
ress.

Allemant Ie Threatened,

On the French
fully as anxious to succeed as against
the British, for they were trying to re-
capture the Laffaux mill, the loss of
which Was @ very serious blow to them.
From the mill the French have valuable
observation on the German positions and
threaten Allemant, which French ex-
perts think is the key to the German
position along the Allette Valley.

Against the whole French trench sys-
tem about Laffaux and the mill the
Germans brought to bear terrific pres:
sure on a front of nearly three miles.
The fighting began this morning after
the German guns had hurled thousands
of shells upon the French trenches. The
Germans used large forces in thetr at-
tacks,

Time and time again the German
waves came forward. In the main the
whole French line held firm, but at varl-
ous points advanced positions were lost
in one attack or another. Then ‘came
the French counter attacks, and after
flerce fighting tho knots of Germans
that had penetrated French positions
were thrown out or wiped out.

Brandenburgers in Action.
The German official statement says

French front on vacation, each with aj|that the storming troops who gained
silver chevron on the arm showing that) this temporary success were Rranden-

they were wounded; the Marquis de
Polignac, head of the French press

bureau that will be established in Wash- | mile,
ington; Ivan Caryl], composer, and his/ strong

burgers and that they captured French
trenches on a front of nearly half a
holding them against “several”
French attacks. The official

family, ahd A. Martin-Franklin, Itallan | statements follow:

Minister to Mexico.

MEXICO MAY ENTER THE WAR.

Carranza Intimates Neutrality May
Not Be Maintained.

Mexico City, May 16.-—Great interest
has been aroused here by President Car-
ranza'’s remarks at a banquet to-day in
honor of Gen. Alvaro Obregon, who re-
cently resigned as Minister of War.
President Carranza declared that they
were not saying good-by to Gen.
Obregon, because no one had the right
at the present time to retire to private
life, as the republic “was not yet saved,

 

 

 

complicat and it might be that
inst felt Mexico would be drawn

valuable and indispensable.
This is the

and might be drawn into the war.

U. S. THREATENS TO:
INTERVENE IN CUBA

 

Crop Ia “Hostile Act.”

Havana,

Governmen
Sahel te
arena aaa into the war, has

 

  

        

 

   

sugar production,
a “hostile

 

 

The existence of a neutral nation was

to the world conflict, in which case
Gen. Obregon’s services would be in-

first tasiaation . that heed
been given publicly that Mexico mig
not be able to maintain strict neutrality

Warns Rebels Attack on Sugar

May 16.—The United States
t, calling the attention of the
the great obligations
trance of Cuba and the
issued

t interference with the
0 Warts ete which will be consid-
act,” and declares that

uniean all those under arms against the

vernment of
-, .
The proclamation says in part:

and-the other economic. Therefore
a io d to a great
fuear production of Cuba
ances which interfere with this produc

and t

forced to
all ee
et it may

Go Cuba return immediately
to their allegiance the United States
may find it necessary to deal with them

« present war in order to insure
eitey thes as well as the United maken,
bligations, one military

has two great obliga 7
Powers and the United States
extent upon the
all disturb-

be dered as hostile acts
United States Government 1s
issue this warning, that unless
under arms against the Gov-
of Cuba return immediately to
, neces-

British Night Statement—After a
heavy bombardment of our trenches
on both banks of the Scarpe the en-
emy launched a powerful counter at-
tack this morning on the north bank
between Gavrelle and the river. His
troops pressed forward under a de-
structive fire from our artillery and
machine guns, For a short perlod by
weight of numbers the enemy forced
back our advanced troops from their
forward positions. Our counter at-
tack, however, immediately launched,
regained all the ground temporarily
lost, driving back the enemy and in-
fiicting exceptionally heavy losses, A
number of prisoners remained in our
hands,

Our troops made progress during
the day in the Hindenburg line north-
east of Bullecourt. A hostile raiding
party was successfully repulsed this
morning southeast of Ypres,

One German airplane was driven
down out of contro] yesterday. One
of our machines is missing.

Fighting in Bullecourt.

British Day Statement — Fighting
continued yesterday to our advantage
in the western portion of Bullecourt.
We captured a few prisoners in the
coursé of a small encounter last night
on the right of our position in the
Hindenburg line east of the village.

Severe fighting is in progress north
of the Scarpe,

French Night Statement—The- Ger-
mans continued to-day thelr attacks
in the regions to the north and north-
west of the Laffaux Mill as far as the
railroad between Solssone and Laon.
Despite the importance of the enemy
effectives and the violence of the as-
saults our troops inflicted ai san-
guinary check on thelr adversaries.
At several points, where our iine tem-
porarily gave way, we carried out
briliiaat counter attacks, which on-
abled us to regain the lost ground.

The Germans suffered heavy losses
in endeavoring to arrest our progress
by new attempts, which were broken
by our barrages and the fire of our
machine guns. About 100 unwounded
prisoners remained in our hands, as
well as a number of wounded Ger-
mans who are carried by our ambu-
lances,

Artillery Ise Active.

The artillery fighting continued vio-
lently along the whole front of attack.
In the sector of Craonne lively artil-
lery actions also occurred,

On May 15 our pilots brought down
three German airplanes,

Belgian Statement—In the region of

 
   
  
         
   

 
   

| for Ireland, Excluding
Ulster Section.

 

|
; |

 

| Lloyd George in Letter Asks|
John Redmond to Con- |
sider Proposal.

 

ish Prime Mister, to-day sent a letter
to John Redmond, leader of the Irish Na-
tionalist party, outlining the Govern-
ment's project for the settlement of the
home rule question, He asked Mr. Red-
mond to state his views on the Govern-
ment's suggestions that the Government
might be able to consider the matter
before Monday.

As s00n as the Premier’s proposals
were available the Irish Unionists met to
¢isouss the document. The Nationalists}
will hold a meeting on Thursday for the |
same purpose.

Would End Unrest.
| The Premier's letter to Mr. Redmond
| follows: ‘

“Dear Mr. Redmond—The Government
jhave been considering for some time
what further action they would take to
bring about the settlement of the Irish
question. They have approached the/|
subject with a deep desire to put an end |
to a state of affairs which is productive

of immense evib not only to Ireland but
to Great Britain and the empire. }
“The choice of alternatives open to |

London, May 16.—Lloyd George, Brit-

. 1

crisis of a war in which our safety and
the liberty of most of the nations of
Europe are at stake to take action which
would revive a yiolent political contro-
versy and so weaken or !mperil the unity |
which is essential to the supreme neces- |
sity of winning the war. They have!
therefore felt that any settlement which |
they could propose during the war must,
be one which would be substantially ac-
cepted by both sides. j

Préposals Are Offered.

“The desire of the Government has
| been to try to effect an immediate set-
j tlement, conceding the largest possible |
measure of home rule which can be se-
cured by agreement at this moment, |

without prejudice to the undertaking e |

 

Parliament of a further and final settle-
ment of the questions most in dispute |
{after the war.

following lines with a view to presont
action: |
“Firstly—They would introduce a bill

ing therefrom the eix northeast coun-}
ties of Ulster, such exclusion to be
subject to reconsideration by Parlina- |

of the Council of Ireland,
as hereinafter described.
“Secondly—With a view to securing the
largest possible measure of common
action for the whole of Ireland the bill
uld provide for a Council of Ireland,
t6 be composed of two
consisting on the one hand of al)
members returned to Westminster
| from the excluded area, and on the
| other of a delegation equal in num-
bers from the Irish Parllament, this
council to be summoned on the inttin-
tive of any six members. li would be
empowered by a mafority of the votes
of each of the delegations to pasa pri-
| vate bill legislation affecting both the
included and excluded areas; to rec-
emmend to the Crown the extension to
| the excluded area by an Order tn Coun-
cll of any act of the Irish Parliament;
to agree to the inclusion under the
homeo rule act of the whole of Ireland,
subject to the asSent of a majority of
the voters in the excluded area, the
powers to be vested in the Crown in
| that case to extend the act to all of
} Ireland by an Order in Council; to
make recommendations on Its own Int-
tlativa upon the Irish question, includ-
ing the amendment of the home rule
act as finally passed. -The president of
this .Council of Ireland would be
“plected by agreement between tho dele-
| gations, or in default of agreement
would be nominated by the Crown.

 

 

Woald Revive Industry,

“Thirdly—The letter says that the finan-
cial proposals of the home rule bill are
! unsatisfactory and should be recon-
| sidered, Important objects, such as
} the development of Irish industries,
{| Improvement in town housing and the
furtherance of education, with in-
creased, pay for teachers, owing to the
war conditions, {t declares, cannot be
dealt with under the bill without un-
due burden on the Irish taxpayers.
“Fourthly — The Government would
recommend that after the second read-
ing of the bill embodying the above
proposals, together with the home rule
act, it should forthwith be considered
by a conference to be constituted on
the lines of the Speaker's conference
on electoral reform, though not con-
sisting exclusively of members of Par-

Mament, and meeting under the chair-

manship of some one commanding the

same general confidence in his im-

partiality and judgment as Mr.

Speaker himself,

“The Government feel that a pro-
posal which provides for immediate
home rule for the greater part of Ire-
land, while excluding that part of Ire-
land which objects to coming under the
home rule act for @ definite period, when
Parliament will consider the matter
afresh; which recognizes the profound
sentiment existing in Ireland for the
unity of the country by creating a com-
mon council to consider Irish affairs as
a whole, and which finally sets up a
representative conference to attempt to
adjust the most difficult questions in-
volved, is as far as they can possibly
go toward effecting gq legislative settle-
ment in the crisis of a great war. They
are prepared to introduce a bill on
these lines,

Acceptance Ia Asked,

“But they feel it would be idle, and I
am sure you will agree with them, to in-
troduce such a bill unless it were as-
sured of something like a second reading
acceptance from both Irish, parties, I

“| sincerely hope that if the Government
introduce this bill the party of which
you are the head will give this measure
of support to the proposals, which will

\Gontmued on FY Page,

Bi eas hi:

>

Drive to Get $100,000,000 |——-
U-Boat Toll Cut to Twenty-six Vessels.

LONDON, May 16.—Eighteen British merchant vessels of more than

1,600 tons were sunk during the past week, says the official sum-
mary of shipping losses issued to-day.

More on Incomes,

 

 

$1,000,000 Class to Be Taxed |
68 Per Cent. if Proposals
Prevail.

!

Wasninoton, May 16.—Led by Repre- |
sentatives Lenroot, a Republican, and.
Sherley, a Democrat, a drive to increase |
the tax burden on wealth carried in the
war révenue bill met with ready re-
sponse in the House’ to-day when an
amendment increasing the surtax on in- |
dividual incomes o& more than $20,000 |
and less than $40,000 from 8 to 10 per
cent. was carried by a vote of 98 to 87. |
The House was considering the Dill in,
committee of the whole and a roll cali;
vote was unobtainable.

This success, accomplished despite!
earnest pleas from Republican and!
Democratic members of the Ways and

 

 

| Means Committee, indicates clearly that |

the temper of the House favors doing,
away with a number of the consumption |
taxes in the bill and supplementing rev- |
enue by increased burdens on incomes. |

The House adjourned immediately!
after the vote on the Lenroot proposal. |
To-morrow Lenroot will continue offer: |
ing amendments increasing the surtaxes |

 

       
        
    
       
   
   
     
   
   
   
       
     
   
   
     

 

 

 

 

 

ONE CENT

 

ilsewhere

In Greater New York { TWO CENTS.

 

JOINS WAR ZONE FORCES;

 

The statement says:
For all nationalities:

cluding one previously, 18; under

wwe 19.
ritish fishing vessels sunk, 3.

statement.

marked drop, however, was in the n

number of fishing craft dropped fr
The high water mark in the

nounced as destroyed. '
The totals of British merchan

eleven weeks since the start of the

26, 31, 19, 28, 55, 51, 62.

 

 

 

 

Arrivals, 2,568; sailings, 2.552.
British vessels mined, submarined and sunk, over 1,600 tons, in-

British merchantmen unsuccessfully attacked, including five pre-

 

_. The foregoing statement shows the losses for the week are con-
siderably less than half as regards the number of vessels sunk, last
week’s report showing 62 vessels, as compared with 26 in the current

In large vessels the decrease was from 24 to 18.

Last Wednesday 22 merchant vessels of less than 1,600 tons were re-

ported sunk, in contrast with the five in this week's report, while the

reached in the report of April 26, when. 40 such vessels were an-

ANDONS CONSCRIPTION NOW
‘CENSORSHIP FIGHT

HAS BATTLE WITH U-BOAT

y

 

Warships Cross Ocean in
Fighting Trim and Go at
Once to Post.

TO BRITISH

Americans Win Admiration
by Prompt Departure
for Patrol Duty.

 

SURPRISE

 

1,600 tons, 5,

|
‘ESCORTED GREAT LINER

The most
umber of smaller vessels destroyed.

 

ae Vessel Has Clash With
Submarine, but Result Ts

Kept Secret.

om 16 to only 3.
destruction of large vessels was

 

t vessels destroyed in each of the

campaign follow: 21, 23, 17, 24, QuBENSTOWN, May 16.—A squadron

{of American torpedo boat destroyers
| has safely crossed the Atlantic and 1s
| Patrolling the seas In war service. The
| American navy's actual entry into the
, War zone has already been productive
| of a brush between a destroyer and a
; German underwater boat, according to
|an announcement by the British Ads
| miralty, but the result of it has not
been made public.

RESTS WITH SENATE

 

They are therefore pre- |
eee to put forward proposals on the | Other features of the bill,
front the G

ta Ganaee ae Penns {should be changed and efforts will be

{ ¥ to decrease}
for the immediate application of the |that_end. Lenroot wishes i
home rule act to tesiana, but exclud- | the 8 per cent. freight transportation tax

ment at the end of five years, unless it |
is previously terminated by the action |
to be set up |

delegations, ;

            

posal an amendment offered by Ropre- | efforts at present to have Congress enact

 

enactment

flags, lined the waterfront and cheered

|
|
25 per cent. all the wey up and adding 7 4 ; The destroyer squadron arrived In
ear new grades , above 9800,008, one | Administration Will Not Seek House Adopts Conference Re-| Queenstown after an uneventful voyage
ending at $1,000,000 and the other at) : ie ve across the Atlantic, but almost im-
$2,000,000, Under the Lenroot plan in-| Involuntary Gag on port With T. R. Plan—.: cbt most im
comes in excess of $1,000,000 will be, mediately after a formal exchange of
j the Press. . Pay of Men Increased. greetings with the British naval officials
} “ put to sea .again for the hard work
j that is before it.
Sherley’s Proposal Fails, { Wastinaton, May 16.—-The Adminis- Wasninorox, May 16.—One more de- A crowd of several hundred persons,
Before the success of Lenroot's pro-| tration probably will make no payer) lay has been interposed to the immediate | 80me of them carrying tiny American
'

sentative Sherley increasing the surtax/| 4 press censorship law, nor is it ex-
on incomes between $5,000 and $7,500 pected it will insist that Senate and
from 1 per cent. to 2 per cent. was de- House conferees on the espionage bill
feated. Lenroot, who favored Sherley’s be urged to retain the censorship pro-
plan to the extent of putting a 25 per; vision written into the measure by the
cent. increase on surtaxes, will seek to House.
go back to the lower grades to-morrow | For the present the executive branch
in the event that his efforts to change| of the Government, it was said to-night,
the higher schedules are successful. is content to permit the newspapers to

Should the proposed ,increases prevail; continue as under the regulations vol-
there will be an attempt to strike from) untarily accepted by them governing
the bill the projected freight, light and publication of military information. If
heat taxes and possibly the increased | there are developments in the next few
second class mail matter rate. Unoftie; months that indicate that self-imposed
clal estimates are that the proposed in-; restrictions are not effective and that
come tax increase would net approxi-} information of value to the enemy is
matély $100,000,000. | being published. the fight for a censor-

Both Sherley and Lenroot believe that | ship law will be renewtd.
where dispro- Many Administration officials believe
portionate burdens have been imposed, | that such a step will not be necessary
They say the only real purpose of the
stringent censorship provision put by
the Department of Justice in the Senate
draft of the espionage bill, but which
@leo strike out some of the consump-| was eliminated by the Senate before
tion tages, In offering his income tax; passage, was to curb a few newspape-s
amenément Lenroot attacked the “oner-| not more than 5 per cent. of the total
ous consumption taxes” of the bill.| published in the United States, which
Shetley Wishes to lessen the burden of! so far have failed to abide by the regu-
second class postal increases. lations which others have imposed upon

“The tax on Incomes fs not a tax that | themselves and followed consistently.
can deatroy the activities of men,” de- If the conferees on the bill agree to a
\clarea @herley. “A @reat deal of criti- | censorship section and both houses ap-
lcism of this bill {s that it may regult in) prove, there will be no objection from
}eertain cases in totally destroying the| the Executive, but It was said on _
) particular business of the individual man. thority to-night that no pressure wou
“T am tn favor of raising as much
| money as possible from incomes without | action,
| doing tie unfair thing. I shou be glad -
!to see new sections in the bill where we TENNIS STAR DIES IN ACTION.
| would tax by inpreaged amounts the In-
lo a above. $1,000,000,"
1 " halrman Kitchin, in cliarge of the bill, | Lieut. Powell Met McLoughlin for
| asked Sherley what items the latter be- Davis Cup in 1913,

feved should be eliminated. 5 i. ana
|’ sy think the tax on second class mail | Special Cable ee Scx from the

inae.t? ; c
| matter for one thing,” replied Sherley, Vasile “Stag idea anes:
Powell of the Canadian infantry, whose

death in action officially was reported

May 7, now is identifled as the famous
left handed tennis player who gave Me-

made to put through amendments to,

and

 

 

 

Robert B
Attacked by Kitchin,

Mr. Kitchin assalied all suggested in-
come tax rate increases over the com-
mit recommendation, He insisted
that support of such proposals came only
from those who sought to serve certain
interests and not to lower taxes gener-
ally. “I haven't heard any one here ob-
ject to the taxes on necessities,’ he
| shouted, “The only taxes it is proposed | member of the Canadian bar and was for
| to tiecrease are those on second class} six years secretary to the Ijeutenant-
mall matter, automobiles and other lux-| Governor of British Columb!a, He fell
; uries.” April 28, aged 36 years.
| Representative Lenroot characterized
the Damocratic leader's remarke as “in- |

cup at Wimbledon in 1913. He was then
captain of the Canadian team.

Lieut, Powell was playing for Canada
for the Davis cup at Newport in

when the war broke out. He was a

 

 

U-BOATS USING DISGUISES.

 

gentoua” but as falling to get away,
\ . } or '
from the fact that the general 25 per} 3
cent. {ncrease would enable the House|Call for Aid and Sink Ships 4n

to strike out the freight, light and heat |
taxes. “These taxes would fall on every |
jhome,” he declared. “Our real interest
here is to make the tax as small as
possible on the poor men with seas
‘ urge as asible on
~ sae eee ” | ports in the last few days say that the
In opposing the proposed increases, German submarines now frequently
| representative Fordney gsatd {f taxes| adopt the tric of disguising themselves
on the wealthy were put so high that | as fishing boats or lifeboats from
they felt an Injury was being done them | wrecked ships. They display flags of
they would evade the levy by passing | distress and send up rockets, Then those
| dividends and other methods, He also} ships that hasten to their rescue APG Nats
pleaded against what he termed “class pedoed. Many Norwegian crews have
legistation,” insisting that the rich were thus been sent to the bottom.

| 88 patziotic om 130 Dome suggested KING GEORGE CUTS
| HIS BREAD AT TABLE

i that only about $10,000,000,000 of the

awering Call,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sus from the
Londom Tinies.
CHRISTIANIA, May 16.—The crews of
ships which have arrived in Norwegian

 

 

/total wealth of $250,000,000,000 {n the
| United States was in the hands of the
|“plutoerats,” and he saw no reason for
| trying to place an unfair burden on

then. .
Bill Defended by Hilk.

Representative Hill declared the in-
come tax section should not bée changed,
as the people it effected would pay un-
der its provisions. and thelr State tIn-
come taxes all they could afford. He
reiterated his previous statements that
“the bill has its faults,” but that it was
as well balanced a méasure as the com-
mittee could get together and that any
attempt to réwrite it in the House would
accentuate rather than diminish its in-

Spirits Lacking in Fight
| Against Waste.

 

 

Orrawa, May 16.—Gueste at the table
of King George of England cut their
own bread and this is one way in which
the King avoids food waste in his house-
hold, according to J, D. Hazen, who has
returned from England with Premier
Borden of Canada. With the Premier
Mr. Hazen sat at the Imperial war con-
ference and the two were among guests
who dined with the King,

“Everybody in England has enough to

 

 

a t, but the country has come to realize
equalities. eat, r é BP

“Tam supporting this bill because the | that no food : is to ae wh tf } as th
Administration says !t must have this} time,’ Mr. Hazen said. Sing Georg

is joining with his people in the food
economy practices, We were his guests
at Windsor Castle and found that no
wine, beer or spirits of any kind were
now being used in the King's household,
The fare at the table has been reduced
to the utmost simplicity, and waste is
being avoided, For instance, you cut
your own bread, There ts the loaf and
the knife, and you cut what you want,
This is done to prevent waste.”

amount of money and hecause it is a
war time bill,” Hill declared,

That the successful drive on the tn-
come tax schedules, the first In the bill,
will be extended to other schedules is
not unlikely. The House seemed to
relish the {doa of upsetting the Ways
and Means Committee's bill, particularly
as the method of drafting the measure
met with little popularity, It is not im-
probable that the eleventh hour in-
crease In customs rates through a hori-
zontal increase of 10 per cent. ad va-
lorem on tho dutlable Met and a fiat
10 per cent, rate op everything now on
the free list will be the subject of bitter
attack from both sides of the aisle as
uuscientifie and inequitable.

ree Was, ideal ime for gitlgher

——

 

  

Italy Loses Nine Vessels,

Paris, May 16.--A despatch to the
Havas Agency from Rome saya the
loases to Italian shipping during the
past week as a result
eubmarine campaign, were two steam-
ers under 1,900 tons each and seven
small sailing craft. Some fishing boats
also were sunk,

———— eee

be brought to bear to bring abolit such |

Loughlin a hard struggle for the Davia |

of the selective conscription
bill. The Senate must still vote to ac-
the report of the conferees, who
met twice to-day, and at their second
session caine to complete agreement on
the House contention of a horizontal in-
crease of pay for the army.

cept

ferees provides that all officers and en-
listed men of the forces to be raised
by conscription shall have the same
pay, allowances and pensions as the
regular army, und makes these increases
in the pay of enlisted regulars: Those
receiving $15: to $21 per month, an in-
crease of $15 per month; those recelv-
Ing $24, an inorease of $12; those re-
ceiving 30, $36 or $40, an increase of $5,
and those receiving $45 or more, an in-
crense of $6.

This provision must be accepted by the
Senate before the bill can be sent to the
President. It means that the Senate,
which will recelve the conferees’ report
in the morning, will elther have to adopt
the House dictum or once more throw
the bill into conference. The bill has
now been seventeen days in conference,
almost a record. The Senate is prac-
tically certain to accept the House pro-
Vision. ‘
| _ Chairman Dent of the Military Affairs
Committee of the House reported the re-
sults of the second conference to the
House and asked unantmous consent for
the immediate acceptance of the report.
He assured the House that the results of
the protracted series of discussions had
been finally productive of an agreement
to the advantage of the cententions ad-
vanced by the House. There was no ob-
jection and the House unanimously
adopted the conference report in the
Midst of a spontaneous outburst of ap-
plause,

The selective conscription bill, even
with the Harding amendment included,

 

 

 

 

vent Embargo on Food,
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux
Romer, May 16,--Neutral nations hav-
ing diplomatic {ntercourse with the Vat!-

'
fence Ask Ald of Vatécan to Pre-
!
|

jshipments by the Unite@ States,  Hol-

States are known to have appealed,
What a
unknown,
to ini ne.

The section as agreed to by the :

 
 

can have appealed to the Pope to use his! celebrate the entry of the |
good offices to avert an embargo on food |

wer the Pope will make is|in London learned last week that
ut it is expected he will re-| ican warships were operating in British

the destroyers from the moment they
sighted the flotilla until it reached the
dock. The crowd cheered again, when
a few moments later the American
senior officer came ashore to greet the
British senior officer and Wesley Frost,
the American Consul. Everything was
done in a simple, businesslike manner,
There was an entire absence of fore
mality,

Grected by Wireless.

The commander of the British flotilla
was waiting on board his ship, and sent
wireless greetings to the American untts
as soon as they hove in sight, steaming
in a long line into the harbor.

After the exchange of shore greetings
and the British commander had cone
gratulated the American officers on
| their safe voyage, he asked:

“When will you be ready for busik-

can commander replied.

This response surprised the British
commander, wiio said he had not exe
pected the Americans would be ready
to begin work on this side so soon after
their long voyage. When he had re
covered from his surprise, however, he
made a short tour of the destroyers and
admitted that the American tars looked
prepared,

ness?"
“We can start at once,” the Amefte

‘Prepared on Voyage,

“Yes,” replied the Amerikan come
mander, “we made preparations on the
way over. That is why we are ready.”

The equipment on board the destroyers
was found to be In excellent condition
and remarkably well suited to the re.
quirements on this elde of the ocean,
In fact {t was said by the British officer
that the only thing lacking in the equip-

 

 

 

  

 

   

 

    

  

 

 

 

  
  

| does not make {t by any means certain|ment of the American sailors was
that the Administration will ava!l itself|heavier.clothing. 1 appears that the
| of the authorization to create a volunteer | Americana were wearing clothing too
jarmy of four divisions. The opposition |fieht for the varying conditions of
| to the volunteer army finds {ts source in| weather they will encounter in these
the General Staff, and the views of the] waters. This, however, was quickly
General Staff have been made the views | provided.
of the Admimistration in this respect, After the formalities had ended and
On the other hand there remains to!the needs of the men were attended to
1914| Congress thé power to amend the law); the American ships at once put out to
after it has heen enacted so that the|sea, the men from Cay rdinary
| President would have to form the volun-| seamen looking {n the pink dition
j teer army. All that is necessary to ef-jand apparentiy enthusiast for the
j fect this would he to enact another law t task.
; amending the selective conscription pid “They are certah a fi body of
jby striking out the word “authorized” |men, and what's more their craft look
‘and inserting the word “directed.” just as fit,” sald the British commander
| ca ne jas he Watched the destrovers file sea-
| ward,
|TO URGE CONGRESS ! Convoy for Liner,
| MEMBERS TO ENLIST | ove of ine American destroyers vewan
i —-—- War duty even before reaching this side
Lunn Wants First Hand Infor- | ne yi a ‘ a : ts
mation on War, Jlargest of the Atlantic liners. This
—--- tee sO plensed, the passengera on
WASHINGTON, May 16,—The resigna-§ board that they seht a mesnee of rrreet
tion of Representative Augustus P.!ing and appreciation to the commander
Gardner of Massachusetts from the|of the destroye The messsgro read
House to accept active duty as a Colonel! “British passengers ia steamer
{n the Reserve Corps may bring to aj; bound for a Hritish py rider the pro-
head sentiment which has been gaining! tection of an American torpedo destroyer
| ground rapidly since the passage of the| send their hearty greetings to her com-
jarmy bill in favor of granting leave of! mander and her officers and v, and
; absence, with or without pay, to all! desire to express their heen appreciation
| members of the House who wish tot join! of this practical coopera! tween the
the military or naval service. | Governments and Hes of United
Representative Lunn, New York, mem-| States and the British Emi o are
ber of the Military Affairs Committee | ow fig! in Bt for Jom of
‘and an enlisted man during the Spanish | the seas
American war, admitted to-night that he: r
Was considering the presentation of the} Movie Vilms Taken,
| proposal as a House resolution, } Many enthuelast m iged to
| “I am not sure but what the service! get snapshots of the Any vessels
of a number of members of the House | in Queenstown harbor, b » best ple-
would be wise and beneficial,” said Mr.) tures, tho that are destined to become
Lunn, “The service of members would famous, are moving picture } by tha
unquestionably have a strongly bene- | official Britist Cyave photog-
ficlal sentimental elfect upon the coun-) rapher as flotilla i 'o port
try as an earnest of good faith on the; With his camera mounted a small
part of members who, Ilke myself, con-! tueboat the oper Wwe ‘ > meet
ecientiously supported the President's ; the destroyers and from
policy, : muny angles
j “Then, too, Congress and the country On arriving Queenst of
will stand In need of first hand informa- | the mwenbers of (4 wes ¢ destroys
tion and enlightenment in considering | ers were granted ey
war legislation In the future If Con- | were fairly made captives by the towns
gress can turn to its own membership | people, who Insisted n to
for advice direct from the centre of) their homes, where th ile illors
things there may be a great deal less | with good things to ca ! They
dissatisfaction and a great deal more! were the firat Americnin naval nen seen
intelligently considered war legislation.” | (4 these parts f ins ‘ 1 they
ee, ee ee | were bombard« que erm-
NEUTRAIS APPEAL TO POPE, | ine the happ inn At «Ly people

who have relative he

| American Vlag in Queenstown,

 

| As they wandered t
tthe Americans rved

Stripes flying from inai
j were told that the

o streets
and

y buildings. They
Were hoisted to
ted States
id been left there as
te whom

Stars

into the war and }
an honor to the American sail

of Germany's} land, Switzerland and the Scandinavian, they had been expecting

Immediately after American residents

Amer-

waters they began to discuss measures