~ YOL, LXXI.—NO. 66,

 

&

eS
oo

>
Xe

y
.

Nk

BATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1004,
Rain to-day; fair to-morrow,

v

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

ODELL BOOMERANG

——————

He Sold Shipbuilding Stock to
Friend Parker

—_—_——_———

BEFORE SUING THE TRUST.

Self-Revelation of a Former Com-
munity of Interest.

The Governor-Chairman Springs a Prom-
ised Sensation on a Murray Hill Aue
dience—He Sold 825,000 of His Stock
in the Shipbuilding Company to the

' Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals
—Says Parker Asked for It—Then

| Declares That the Democratio Can-
didate for the Presidency Also Had
Money Invested inthe U. 8, Steel Core
poration—Dreadful!—Audience Howls

r Approval—A Previous Assertion That

the Judge While Holding This Stock

Rendered a Decision Affecting the

Company Warmly Denied by Counsel.

Governor-Chairman Odell came out last
night with his threatened revelation of
Judge Parker's connection with trusts.
The awful thing was that Judge Parker
had been connected with the United States
Shipbuilding Company by being the owner
of $25,000 worth of ita stock. And the man
who sold this stock to the Chief Judge
of the Court of Appeals was Benjamin B.
Odell, Jr., Governor of the State, who later
began a suit against the promoters and
underwriters of the company because
he didn't get out of his stock the large
profits he expected,

There were Republicans at the meeting
who recalled that the Odells and the Parkers
are relatives,and that the two families have
been intimate for years, These Repub-
licans with good memories also recalled
the report frequently heard in the inner
circles of the Republican party that Gov-
ernor-Chairman Odell has announced to
his intimates that Judge Parker promised
him not to be the Democratic candidate
for Governor against him in 1902.

The Democratic State convention to a
man wanted at Saratoga to nominate Judge
Parker for Governor, but Coler became the
candidate. Iater the Governor-Chairman
explained that Judge Parker had promised
him not to run against him.

The Odells have always been visitors at
the Parker home at Rosemount, and the
Parkers have always been heartily welcome
at the Odell home in Newburgh and at the
Executive Mansion in Albany since Mr.
Odell became Governor. It is also known
that on many important matters Gov.
Odell consulted Chief Judge Parker, his
relative by marriage, before coming to a
decision.

The Governor-Chairman's version of
the stock transaction is that Judge Parker
came to him and asked him for some of
the stock. He also made the assertion that
Judge Parker has been a stockholder in
the United States Steel Corporation. He
said he had proof of this at Newburgh, where
he had also proof of the transfer of Ship-
building stock. He didn’t say whether
it was he who sold the Steel stock also
to the Judge,

The Governor-Chairman sprang his sen-
sation at a meeting in the Murray Hill Ly-
caum arranged by Norton Goddard's East
Sitle Republican Club. The hall was packed
to the doora, When the Governor came
out with hia statement regarding the Judge's
ownership of the shipbuilding stock there
wasn roar. When he told the crowd how
he knew it, his audience howled, The
real meat of the sensation didn't seem to be
appreciated for a minute,

It was at the outset of the Governor-
(Chairman's speech that the promised “hot
stuff’ came out. After being introduced
by Capt. Goddard and getting the usual
demonstration he said:

“I have stood all of the calumny heaped
pon my more or leas devoted head with-
out saying a word, but when I've seen the
tactics indulged in by the Democratio
party, when I see a man parading around
and posing as a trust buster, know-
ing what I know to be the case

I considered it my duty to inform my
fellow citizens that it was not an honest
appeal, byt the kind that seeks only to
influence you for the time being and win
support tothe Democratiocandidate, When
I found this onelaught under way, I thought
I'd tell a thing or two myself.

*T have sald that Judge Parker has been
connected with trusts and that I know it.
To-day Mr. Samuel Untermyer, in an inter-
view, says that I don't know what I'm
talking about. It happens, this time, that
] do,

“I know that Judge Parker had $25,000
worth of United States Shipbuilding stock.
The reascn why I know it is because he
came to me himself and asked me to let
lim have it. I know that he had it, be-
caus? T instructed my agent to give it to
him and he paid for it.” [A voioe: “Say,
Ken, did you get a receipt?"|

“If there is any further doubt in the
toinds of any citizens or in the mind of Mr,
(ntermyer, or any other man, I will in less
than ten houre—the time it will take me to
go to Newburgh—produce the proof and
establish the truth of what I state.

“And this is not the only trust that Judge
Parker has assisted in promoting. I know
he had stock in the United States Steel
Trust. If there's any doubt of that in th
tind of any man, I'll produce the same
documentary proof, I will do it in the
“alne way, if desired, within fifteen minutes
after I get to Newburgh,

_"A man who attacks the President of the
United States because he's protecting
trusts ought to come to court with clean
hands I don't believe he should pose as
‘eing againet the trueta when he himeelf
has been assisting in their promotion,

“The only thing that Theodore Roosevelt
has ever done has been to compel the trusts
t obey the Jaws, His courage hae com-
ft
Honesty alwaye wins and Theodere |

eee eee eee eee anes eee eae eeee ee rr ee eee

St icles sins ein senses ss sss

manded the reapect of thore oppose!
him.

 

Roosevelt has 100 per cent, of honesty in |

his make-up,

“If anybody talks to you about trusts
and this man Parker going to bust trusts,
you can refer them to me. I will substan-
tiate anything you may say about connect-
ing him with those organizations.”

“Soak ‘em again, Ben!” yelled some one in
the crowd who evidently didn’t realize
the extent of the Governor-Chairman's
self-revelation. But “Ben” dropped the
trust question and went on to gay that his
administration had done nothing to be
ashamed of,

All afternoon Governor-Chairman Odell
was hinting darkly at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel about a coming revelation concerning
Judge Parker with the United States Ship-
building Company,

“Judge Parker,” said the Governor-
Chairman to reporters, “has inspired a state-
ment that no shipbuilding trust case ever
came before him while he was on the bench,
In that statement he evades the point I
raised in my speeches last night.

“What I stated was, that Judge Parker
was mixed up in the trusts, and that while
he was so interested, he rendered a decision
in a trust case that bore materially on the
shipbuilding matter and which affected his
own interests, as one of those concerned
in the shipbuilding company.

“Judge Parker wrote an opinion inthe
decision which was rendered which made
it possible for investors who had been
swindled in companies like the shipbuild-
ing company to pursue the promoters and
get redress. It was on that decision that I
brought my suit against the shipbuilding
trust.

“I repeat that Judge Parker was an
underwriter in the shipbuilding trust and
while the opinion I refer to did not directly
bear on that trust, yet it was of such a char-
acter, in relation to another trust, as to
affect the shipbuilding company which
Judge Parker had helped to underwrite.”

“Do you mean that it was understood
that the decision would affect the ship-
building promotion?” he was asked.

“Certainly it was,” he replied,

Samuel Untermyer, counsel for the
receiver of the Shipbuilding company,
said yestercay:

“It cannot be porsible that Gov. Odell
made any such arsertion or intimation, or
anything like it He must have been mis-
understood, li not, he has been grossly
imposed upon. Perhaps he is still under
the hypnotic influence of the person who
took his money in return for worthless Ship-
building securities, The statement, if made,
is a pure fabrication.

“No phase of the Shipbuilding case has
ever been before the Court of Appeals.
Judge Parker has never been concerned
or taken part In a decision affecting any
aspect of the litigation. The court of
which he was a member has had nothing to

do with it. It is inconceivable that
any man holding a great official posi-
tion should be so reckless, and I still

doubt whether Gov. Odell ever said what

is attributed to him even in the desperate |

straits in which he finds himself, for after
all, besides being chairman of a political

 

 

party, he has not forgotten that he is atill

Governor of the State.

“The fact cannot de too strongly em-
phasized that Judge Parker had nothing
to do with deciding any question connected
with the shipbuilding litigation.”,

GERMANY FOR ARBITRATION.

Is Willing to Conclude a Treaty With the
United States.
WASHINGTON, Noy. 4,—Another step in

the direction of perfecting agreements |

between the United States and foreign
nations to settle international differrnces

by arbitration was taken to-day, when |
Baron von Sternburg, the German Ambes- |

eador, informed President Rocsevelt of
the Imperial Government's willingness to
conclude such a treaty. Following 60 s90n

the signing of an arbitration treaty with |

France, this attitude of Germany is taken
as an indication of the ultimate success of
the efforts which the President is making,
mainly through Secretary Hay, to minimize
the tendency of nations to settle serious
disputes by a resort to arms,

Several days ago the President said per-
sonally to Baron von Sternburg that he
was anxious to arrange an arbitration
treaty between the United States and Ger-
many, and he requested the Ambassador
to bring the suggestion to the attention of
the Government at Berlin. This Baron
von Sternburg did promptly, and when
he saw the President at the executive
cffice this afternoon he was able to convey
the gratifying information that he had been
advised by his Government that it quite
agreed with the President's desire, and
would be glad to enter into negotiations.

5,000 TO 1 AGAINST DEBS.

Soe Many Takers in Chicage That the Odds
Dropped to 1,000 to 1,

Ctcaao, Nov. 4.—A thousand to one
are the odde Jaid against Eugene Debs's
prospects of becoming President of the
United States. It is a surprising fact that
there are many takers.

Jim O'Leary is conducting the political
“book.” He posted odds of $5,000 to 1 against
Debs. Takers proved 60 numerous in face
of the tempting odds that the price gradu-

 

ally receded to 1,000 to 1, O'Leary is offer- |

ing 7 to 1 0n Roosevelt.

RUSSIANS HARD PRESSED.

Paris Hears That Garrison Has Taken to
Last Strongholds.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TRR SUN.
Panis, Nov. 4.—The 8t. Petersburg cor-
respondentof the Petit Parisien telegraphs
that the garrison of Port Arthur is said to
have taken refuge in the forte on Golden
Hill, the Tiger's Tail and Liaoti Mountain.
It is rumored that Gen. Stoessel has been
wounded in the arm and chest.

a
GOV. MONTAGUE'S COATS STOLEN.

They W ere Taken While He Was Address-
ing a Democratic Meeting tn Philadeiphia,
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 4.—While Gov. An-
drew J. Montague of Virginia was address-
ing @ Democratic mass meeting at the
Academy of Music on Thursday night, a
thief was moan enough to steal his overcoat
and raincoat. Gov. Montague was assail-
ing the Republican party and ite principles
when the thief, unobserved, entered a room
adjoining the stage and carried away the

oot hen he discovered that the coats were
missing Gov. Montague thought that they
had been merely hidden as a joke, but an
investigation revealed that they had been
stolen. The police arn es aint te S
the theft and a eral alarm was sent out,
but neither the “thief nor the ooats have
been esen since.

 

 

| removed from his professorship in the

PUNCHED WAR MINISTER'S FACE

LIVELY ROW IN THE FRENCH
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.

 

Deputy Attacks Gen. Andre, and Another
Tries to Assault the Premier—General
Mix-up Between Ministerialiste,
Monarchists and Nationalists Occurs.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Paris, Nov. 4.—The Chamber of Deputies
was the soene of disgraceful proceedings
to-day, resulting in actual physical violence.
The Chamber had resumed its debate on
the interpellation introduced some days
ago, which accused Gen, André, Minister
of War, of instituting secret inquiries into
the careers of army officers, on which their
advancement depended, of organizing
systematic spying among subordinates,
and of penalizing officers on account of their
religious opinions. The Clericals, who led
the attack, alleged that Gen. André was
under the influence of the Freemasons.

To-day the Minister made a speech de-
fending himself, in the course of which
he asserted that Col. Quinemont had dis-
played a royal standard at the head of his
regiment instead of the tricolor.

Gen, Jacquey, who is also a [Deputy,
interrupted Gen. André, exclaiming: “That
is a lie!” This provoked a hubbub, M. |
Brisson, President of the Chamber, re-
quested Gen. Jacquey to withdraw his
epithet. An angry discussion between
several Deputies resulted in Gen. Jacquey
refusing to withdraw his expression.

Gen. André announced that he did not
intend to punish any of those who had
given information against officers, and
furthermore that he did not intend to re-
sign,

The Opposition demanded the order of
the day pure and simple, which practically
involved the resignation of the Minister of
War. This the Government rejected and
demanded a vote of confidence,

The announcement of the vote caused a
terrific uproar, which was punctuated by
many shoute of “Resign! Resign!” M. de
Baudry d'Asson, a Monarchist, rushed at
Prime Minister Combes, and it was only
with great difficulty that bystanders pre-
vented him from assaulting the Premier.

The Chamber quickly became a bear
garden,and several blows were exchanged.

M. Syveton, who some time ago was
university because of his Nationalist opin-
ions, dashed at Gen. André and punched
him in the face, causing blood to flow.

The Minister sat on the front bench,
stanching the flow with his handkerchief,
while the frenzied Ministerialists made an
onslaught on the Monarchiste and Na-
tionalists. There was fighting almost
everywhere on the floor of the Chamber. |
The scene has not been paralleled since the
Dreyfue affair.

The President placed his hat on his head

and withdrew, thus suspending the session,
and the officials cleared the galleries.
The session was resumed later. M.
| Syveton's cowardly blow had turned the
scale in the Government's favor, and his
exclusion was yoted by a large majority.
He refused to go, and the session was again
| suspended, The military guards were
| summoned and they forcibly removed M.
Syveton,

Then the session was resumed and the
public was readmitted to the galleries.
The proceedings then became calmer, and
ended in a vote of 343 to 286 declaring con-
fidence in the Government.

10 TO 7 ON HERRICK.

Housman & Co. Take the Higgins End at
Those Odds—Some Large Bets.

The feature of the election betting in Wall
Street yesterday was the large number of
wagers, mostly of small size, made that
Roosevelt would be the next President.

R. F. Wilson, who was one of the most
active bettors, said that he had placed close
to $190,000 in small beta on Roosevelt at &
to 1 and 6 to 1, Bunnell & Buchanan also
handled a large amount of money, one of
their biggest wagers being $10,000 against
$2,000 put up by W. R, Houghtaling, W. G,
| Gallagher and G, R. Van Sickles, At the
end of the day Bunnell & Buchanan said that
they still had $25,000 to place on Roosevelt
at the prevailing odde,

The greatest fluctuation occurred in the
odds on Roosevelt to carry New York State,
bets being made all the way from 2 to 1 to
10 toi, M. Jd. Kiernan, who handled most
of the Parker money, reported at the close
that he had offered to bet $5,000 against
$7,500 that Parker would carry the State,
without takers. P. J. Goodhart bet $1,000
to $1,500 with Camman & Co,, and W. B.
| Franklin placed $5,000 to §7,600 put up by
Sheffield & McCullough on the same propo-
sition.

Herrick ruled a favorite on the New York
State Governorship at odds of 10 to 6, which,
however, shortened in the afternoon to
10 to 7 on the appearance on the curb of
Greene Pickens, the representative of A.A.
Housman & Co., who brought with him
several thousand dollars to place on Hig-
gins. Mr, Pickens succeeded in covering
about $20,000 with Herrick money, all at
odds of 10 to 7. His principal bets were
$7,000 to $10,000 with Allen, McGraw & Co.,,
$3,500 to $5,000 with M.J. Kiernan and $8,500
to $5,000 with a man who did not wish his
name published. Another bet on Herrick
was one of $10,000 to $7,000 by F, G. Lawrence
with J, Bchneck.

There was deposited with A. A. Hous-
man & Co, yesterday money to bet on the
result in the House of Representatives as
follows; $5,000 to $2,500 that the next House
of Representatives ia biican, and $5,000
to $5,000 that the Republicans will have a
majority of 15 or more,

|

 

 

 

Ex-Gov. Russell's Widow te Marry Again.

Boston, Mass., Nov. 4—The engage-
ment is announced of Mrs. William E.

| Ruseell, widow of ex-Gov. Russell, of |
| Brattle treet, Cambridge, nod Dr. |
Michael Foster of London, senate. No
date has been set for the wedding. Dr

ONLY THREE MORE WORT!D'S FAIR

EXCURSIONS
Via Pennsylvania Raliroad, Wedne. das
ber @, 16 and 23; $20 reund trip dena
lps. adr

Nove
couel

Foster is a widower with four children, |
Mrs, Russell has three children.

 

 

 

TIVAL ELECTION FORECAST,
ot verrow's Brooklyn Itagie, based on oa
star Carth eanvess Ih Gieater oy W york \dy 1

| being tackled while

| pounds,

ELEVATORS ABOARD SHIP,

Grill Rooms and Turkish Baths, Too, on
the New Hamburg Liners.

The Hamburg-American Line announced
yesterday novelties in the construction
of their new monster ships, the Kaiserin
Auguste Victoria and the America, build-
ing respectively at the Vulcan worke at
Stettin and the yards of Harland & Wolff,
Belfast.

Each of the liners will have a grill room
of the proportions of a modern 4 la carte
restaurant, and passengers may dine when
they please and may arrange luncheon
and dinner parties for friends whom they
May meet on board. There will be no
upper berths in the first cabin staterooms,
which will be larger than those of the aver-
age big liner, some having the unusual
dimensions of 10 by 17 feet.

There will be passenger elevators run-
ning through all the five stories, or decks,
where there are passenger accommoda-
tions, Turkish baths and a large gymnasium,
There is no appreciable difference between
the two ships except the length, beam and
depth. The Kaiserin is the larger, being
705 feet long, of 77 feet beam, 58 feet 9 inches
deep and displacing about 40,000 tons, with
@ cargo capacity of 16,000 tons. She will
carry €00 first cabin, 300 second cabin, 250
third class and 2,189 steerage passengers.

Each ship will have three promenade
decks, one of which will be reserved ex-
clusively for promenading, while the others
will be used for folks who want to take
their ease in deck chairs. The time of the
ships between this port and Plymouth or
Cherbourg will be, it is expected, about
seven days and a half. The America will
be in commission next August and the
Kaiserin in the spring of 1906.

WOMAN REBUKES HOBSON.

His Attack on President Roosevelt Stirred
Her te Anger.

INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 4.—Capt. Richmond
P. Hobson spoke at Columbia City last
night and indulged in a scathing arraign-
ment of the policy of President Roosevelt,
not omitting to speak very sarcastically of
the President himself; but at the close of
his speech, and while eurrounded by a
number of Democrats, all of whom were
praising his utterances, be had an en-
counter with a young woman that resulted
in his discomfiture.

In the audience was Miss Laura Gal-
breath, assistant principal of the high
school, who listened to him with indigna-
tion steadily rising. In the course of his
speech Hobson said:

“I predict the downfall of this man
(Roosevelt); if not now, at some future
time in a more tragic manner.”

After the speech Miss Galbreath worked
her way through the crowd to the stage,
and when she reached Capt. Hobson she

| said:

“I know you are dojng him an injustios
and I despise you for it.”

Hobson replied: ‘Madam, I am sorry we
differ, but I stand by everything I said.”

The incident created a silencs among
those who heard the young woman's words.

ODELL DID INTERFERE.

He Leta Slip What Was the Influence That
Paid Furnaccville.

“I thought it was none of my affair, but
I did take an interest in it. I did see that
justice was done,” Governor-Chairman
Odell remarked in one of his speeches on
Furnaceville on Thursday night.

“Now that is a very significant statement
on the part of the Governor,” said Attorney -
General Cunneen yesterday. “It answers
a question I have frequently asked in this
campaign. ‘What happened between the
Sist of December, when the Canal Board
rejected this item, and the 29th of January,
when some of the same board voted to
reopen the case and subsequently voted (o
allow it?’ It now appears that this reversal
of their action by these gentlemen was
influenced by the interference of the Gov-
ernor. It is unfortunate that the Gover-
nor's sense of justice is 80 closely identified
with the pecunis ry interests of the Furnace-
ville Iron Company,

“It also establishes another fact that
has been much mooted in this campaign:
That Lieut.-Gov. Higgins and his associates
are subject to the influence of theGovernor,
and that it is his sense of ‘justice’ which
prompts their official action.”

 

HUGGER IN WOMEN'S CLOTHES.

North Bergen Citizens Hunt for a Man Who
Wears Skirts and High Heeled Shoes.

Several men armed with revolvers
prowled around the Woodcliff neighbor-
hood in North Bergen last night in hope of
finding a man dressed in women's clothes
who has been terrorizing women by trying
to force his attentions on them after night-
fall. They had not run across the female
personator up to a late hour,

The masquerader is said by those who
have seen him to be well made up. He
wears corsets, high heeled shoes and a
dress of dark material. He followed a
Mrs, Sievers in Thirty-firet street a few
nights ago and finally hailed her. Mrs.
Sievers turned and the stranger walked
to her side. She noticed that the supposed
woman was in need of a ehave and fied
The masquerader was handicapped by
his skirta and didn't try to follow,

Mrs, Sievera hurried home and told her
husband about her experiance. He took
up the trail but soon lost it. It is said that
several women have met the man. He
attempted to hug one or two, and beat a
hasty retreat when they gave an exhibition
of their lung power.

wh ee

CADET INJURED AT FOOTBALL,

Midshipman at Annapolis Seriously Purt
in a Scrub Game.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov, 4.—Midshipman
Charles O. Gill, a member of the fourth class,
fs dangerously ill here with lacerated
kidneys and an injury to his spine, whioh
he received playing football. The accident
took place on Wednesday afternoon, but.
was not considered serious at first,
Yesterday afternoon, however, Gill began
to suffer and his pain increased rapidly.

Late in the afternoon he was examined by
the Naval Academy surgeon. Itwasthought
better to send for Dr. J, L, T, Finney,
who came to Annapolis on a special train,
Dr. Finney operated successfully, and
while the young man is very ill thare are
fair chances for his recovery.

Midshipman Gill is not a member of the
regular football squad.

 

— nn

He was burt by |
Naving a serub gate, |

He is sme)! of stature, weighing not over 130 |

Ibe is the regular ebort
the baseball nine

ttop on

toeiat upen Reving Merveti's Vanilla

THE PRESIDENT
SPEAKS OUT,

Denounces Parker's Charges as
Monstrous and Wicked
Falsehoods.

CORTELYOU'S WORK UPHELD

 

Accusation That He Blackmails
Trusts Unfounded.

 

Mr. Roosevelt, ti Vigereus and Determined
Language, Indignantly Refates the
Allegations of the Democratio Can-
didate— Refers to the Administra-
tlon’s Reoord on the Trusts as In-
dicating Where He Stands—Brings
Up Parker's Management ef Hill’s
Campaign as an Object Wesson—
No Favors Promised to Corporations
‘—Will Assume Presidency, if Elected,
With But One Condition, and That ts
to Give Every One a “Square Deal.’’

Wasuinatox Nov. 4--In vigorous and
determined Janguage,every sentence breath-
ing deep indignaticn and resentment,
President Roosevelt made a public state-
ment to-day in response to the allega-
tions of Judge Parker that George B.
Cortelyou had been selected by the

President to manage his campaign [be-
cause Mr. Cortelyou was in @ position to
force contributions to the Republican
campaign fund through holding over their
heads evidence against them secured by
him when he was Secretary of Commerce
and Labor in Mr. Roosevelt's Cabinet.

Mr. Roosevelt meets the issue fairly
and squarely. He denounces Judge Par-
ker's accusations a3 “slanderous,” as con-
taining “not one particle of truth,” as *mon-
estrous,” as “a wicked falsehood” and as
*unqualifiedly and atrociously false.”

Incidentally he pays his compliments
to Judge Parker as the manager of David
B. Hill’s campaign for Governor and ex-
presses as content to be judged by the char-
acter of hig campaign ager, Mr. Cortel-
you, and Judge Parker to be judged by
the character of his campaign manager,
Mr. Taggart.

The President’s Statement,

This is the President's statement:

Wurre Hover, Washington, Nov. 4, 1904.

Certain slanderous accusations as to Mr.
Cortelyou and myself have been repeated
time and again by Judge Parker, the can-
didate of his party for the office of Presi-
dent. He neither has produced nor can
produce any proof of their truth; yet he
has not withdrawn them: and as his position
gives them wide currency, I speak now,
lest the silence of self-respect be misunder-
stood.

Mr. Parker's charges are in effect that
the President of the United States and Mr,
Cortelyou, formerly Mr. Cleveland's ex-
ecutive clerk, then Mr. McKinley’s and
my secretary, then Secretary of Commerce
and Labor, and now chairman of the Re-
publican national committee, have been in
conspiracy to blackmafl corporations, Mr.
Cortelyou using his knowledge gained while
he was Fecretary of the Department of
Commerce and Labor to *xtort money from
the corporations, and I, the President,
having eppointed him for this especial
purpose.

The gravamen of these charges lies in
the assertion that the corporations have
been blackmailed into contributing, and
in the implication, which in one or two of
Mr. Parker’s speeches has the form practi-
cally of an assertion, that they have been
promised certain immunities or favors or
have been assured that they would receive
geome kind of improper consideration in
view of their contributions.

That contributions have been made to

the Republican committee, as contributions
have been made to the Democratio com-
mittee, is not the question at issue. Mr.
Parker's aseertion is in effect that such
contributions have been made for improper
motives, either in consequence of the acta,
or in consequence of improper promises,
direct or indirect, on the part of the recipi-
ents. Mr. Parker knows best whether this
is true of the contributions to his campaign
fund which have come through his trusted
friends and advisers who represent the
great corporate interests that stand behind
him,
But there is not one particle of truth in
the statement as regards anything that
has gone on in the management of the
Republican campaign. Mr. Parker's ac-
cusations against Mr. Cortelyou and me are
monstrous. If true they would brand
both of us forever with infamy; and, inag-
much as they are false, heavy must be the
condemnation of the man making them.

I chose Mr. Cortelyou as chairman of the
national committee after having falled
successively to persuade Mr. Elihu Root,
Mr. W. Murray Crane and Mr. Cornelius
N. Bliss to accept the position. I chose him
with extreme reluctance, because I could
ill apare him from the Cabinet. But I felt
that he possessed the high integrity which
I demanded of the man who was to manage
my campaign.

lew content that Mr. Parker and I should

 

 

Deerfoot Tarm Sansnges.
Made of the tender jitat of jitte oles ar
Neen ru ave : perfor

1 ( ne
heliiem. Lewes winons Ver

loose

 

 

be judged by the public on the characters
of the two men whom we chose to manage
our campaigns; he by the character of his
nominee, Mr. Thomas Taggart, and I by
the charactor of Mr, Cortelyou.

The assertion that Mr. Cortelyou had any
knowledge gained while in any offictal
position whereby he was enabled to secure
and did secure any contributions from
any corporation is a falsehood. The as-
sertion that there has been any blackmail
direct or indirect, by Mr. Cortelyou or by
me is a falsehood,

The assertion that there has been made
in my behalf and by my authority by Mr.
Cortelyou or by any one else any pledge
or promise, or that there has been any
understanding as to future immunities or
benefits, in recognition of any contribution

from any source is a wicked falsehood.
That Mr. Parker should desire to avoid

the discussion of principles, I can well under-
stand, for it is but the bare truth to say
tbat he bas not attacked us on any matter
of principle or upon any action of the Gov-
ernment save after first misstating that
principle or that action. But I cannot
understand how any honorable man, a
candidate for the highest office in the gift
of the people, can take refuge, not merely
in personalities, but in such base and un-
worthy personalities,

If I deemed it necessary to support my
flat denial by any evidence, I would ask
all men of common sense to ponder well
what has been done in this campaign by
Mr. Cortelyou and to compare it with what
Mr. Parker himself did when he was man-
aging Mr. Hill's campaign for Governor,
and to compare what has been done as
regards the great corporations and
moneyed interests under this Administration
with what was done under the last
Democratic aiministration while Mr. Olney
was Attorney-General; I would ask all
honest men whether they seriously deem
it possible that the course this Adminis-
tration bas taken in every matter, from
the Northern Securities suit to the settle-
ment of the anthracite coal strike, is com-
patible with any theory of public behavior
save the theory of doing exact jus-
tice to all men, without fear and
without favoritism; I would ask all honest
and fair minded men to remember that the
agents through whom I have worked are
Mr. Knox and Mr. Moody in the Department
of Justice, Mr. Cortelyou in the Department
of Commerce and Labor,and Mr. Garfield
in the Bureau of Corporations, and that no
such act of infamy as Mr. Parker charges
could have been done without all these men
being parties to it.

The statements made by Mr. Parker are
unqualifiedly and atrociously false. As Mr.
Cortelyou has said to me more than ence
during this campaign, if elected I shall go
{nto the Presidency unhampered by any
pledge, promise, or understanding of any
kind, sort or description, save my promise |
made openly to the American people, that
as far as in my power lies I shall eee to it
that every man has a square deal, no less
and no more, THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

ROOSEVELT FORCED TO 6PEAK.

It is safe to say that there never was
|
|

Maiereey ian NSS SS ssa

in any national campaign such a geensa-
tional announcement as that given above
made by any Presidential candidate, let
alone a President of the United States,
on the eve of election.

That Mr. Roosevelt's debelon to speak
out in denial of Judge Parker's direCt at-
tacks upon Mr. Cortelyou and innuendoes
against the integrity of the President, may
cause surprise in some quarters in view
of the expressed intention of Mr. Roosevet
to take o part in the campaign, but the
bircumstances of the case were unum a /|
and the attempt to besmuirch his personal
character and that of a former member
bis Cabinet so persistent.and venonmous,
that he felt he could not longer remain
silent.

If the making of the charges had been
confined to Democratic campaign orators
other than the candidate for President,
Mr. Roosevelt would have remained silent,
trusting to the belief of the American peo-
ple in his honesty and integrity.

Bunt when the allegations were uttered
publicly by @ man who had been placed
before the people by one of the two great
political parties as a candidate for the
highest office in the land, and repeated again
and again, the President felt that his silence
might be misconstrued, and determined to
come out squarely and unequivocally in
response.

CONSULTED WITH CAB INET.

President Roosevelt has been accused
of being impulsive. In this case, however,
he did not act without seeking counsel
from those beset qualified to give it. Last
night he had a conference with Senator
Knox of Pennsylvania, until recently At-
torney-General in Mr. Roosevelt's Cabinet,
and a further discussion with Mr. Knox
this morning. He also talked the matter
over with the members of his Cabinet at
their reguar meeting to-day.

The belief here has been that Judge
Parker's charges would be denied by Mr.
Cortelyou in a statement or a speech, and
by party supporters who would appear
on the stage at Republican meetings to-
morrow night, and that Mr. Roosevelt would
personally ignore them,

The President and those with whom he
consulted decided, however, that the
manly, honest way was for Mr. Roose-
velt to moet the Parker accusations
directly. That he has done eo hjs state-
ment Jeaves no room for doubt.

While Mr, Roosevelt's response to Judge

| Parker shows how deeply indignant the

President is over the accusations which
his opponent for office made go deliberately }

To Cincinnati by the Timited,

The famous Lake Shore Limited of the New
York Centra) haula a threagu seeper for Cinetr }
day In the year No exerss tore ‘rf
Cental Tleket Agriuts

hall ever

ew Ve Ler |

{

 

the statement given out at the White House
was subjected to careful revision before it”
was finally approyed and signed.

Few if any visitors saw Mr. Roosevelt
this afternoon and this evening. He
worked on the statement after lunchect |
and again after dinner, and it was nearly
11 o:clook before Secretary Loeb appeared),
at the executive offices with the typewrittegr*
copies in his hand.

PRESIDENT’S ACTION APPROVED.

The action of the President will find hearty .
commendation among the many publig¢
officials here who have his political interests”
atheart. They have felt since Judge Parker '
began his sensational accusations aboub
blackmailing the trusts and about improper)
deals between them and the Federal Gove’
ernment, that something ought to be done”
to counteract the impression that Judge
Parker was seeking to create.

Net one of these men believed that there
was a word of truth in Judge Parker's alle-
gations, but they were of the opinion that
the American peop le were entit!ed to hear'
the denial from ane of the two men against
whom the charges which Mr, Roosevelt hap
stamped as monstrous and falre were
made.

The President has not been ignorant of
this’feeling, He has been urged by friend»
—personally and by telegraph—to say
something, or to have Mr. Cortelyou make
a@ response. That he took the direct
method will not be surprising to those who
have knowledge of the indignation which
he has felt over Judge Parker's abandon-
ment of his expressed intention to have
no persona! attacks upon President Roose-
velt injected into the Democratic cam-

paign. _
ELECTION NIGHT STOCK DEALS

Wall Street Houses to Keep Open Uptows:
Offices for London Trading.

A number of big Wall Street brokerage
houses informed their customers that they |
will keep their uptown offices open on elece ,
tion night, that returns will be received,
and that they have made arrangements to ©
execute orders In the London market for
their customers.

The local Stock Exchange will, of course,
be closed on election day; but the London
Stock Exchange will be open, and Wall
Street men who think they can figure out
the drift of the votes early in the day can
buy or sell stocks, as they see fit, in the Lon-
don market. Orders accumulating on elec-
tion night, after the returns are more com-
plete, canalso be executed in the London
market before the opening of the Stock
Exchange. The London business at eleo-
tion time is always very heavy.

LOOKED LIKE THE PH@NIX.

A Great Gray Bird Flies Aboard a Phanix
Liner 600 Miles From Shore.

Out of the gray and ghostly air, o'er @
pulseless, cpectral sea (mistake this not for
a Kipling verse or an Austin plagiary),
there came an ashen bird that looked as
if ‘twere formed of fog, 600 miles from
nearest land by the skipper’s faithful log.
St. Andrew of the Phenix line, freighter of
little speed, is the ship that fell afoul of
the bird suggesting the Phanix breed.

The bird perched in the mizzeno shrouds,
Said the skipper joyfully’ “By Jupiter and
the Great Horn Spoon, that's a great horned
owl I see!”

The quartermaster caught the owl, which
was very tired and faint, and now is here
aboard the sbip that's named for Scotlard’s
saint.

WOMAN MYSTERIOUSLY SHOT.

 

 

 

Brought From Mount Kisco to a New York
Hospital by a Physictan.

An unconscious woman was taken from
the 2:20 White Plains local train at the,
Grand Central Station yesterday and hurried»
to the Flower Hospital, where en examina-
tion disclosed a pistol shot wound be-
hind her left ear, She was accompanied
bya friend, Dr. Brown of Mount Kisco, N.Y,

Dr. Brown said (that the woman was
Mrs. Angela Dante of Mount Kisco and
that a man who shot her had accompanied
them as far as White Plains, where he was.
placed under arrest. He refused to dis-‘
close the man’s name or talk further about
the shooting.

Mrs. Dante's condition is very serious,
and the doctors at the hospital believe
that there is a second bullet lodged in
her neck, although examination with the
X-ray failed to reveal it.

NEW HAVEN TIMETABLES.

Presiient Mellen Invites Committees ef
Citizens to Help Adjust Them. 4
Mount Vegnon, N. Y., Nov. 4—President
Mellen of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company has written
a letter to the Mayors of the cities and the
presidents of the towns along the northern
shore of the Sound, announcing that he
has decided on a plan to have the citizens
aid him in making up the timetable. He
has asked the Mayors to appoint com-
mittees of citizens to meet him et the Grand
Central station next Wednesday, when
a new time schedule for suburban trains
will be arranged.

HIGGINSS TRAIN STONED.

State Committee Makes Known «en Out-
rage at Albany—Nobedy Hurt.

The Republican State oommittee an-
nounced last night that Candidate Higgins
had been stoned, but not hit, up the: Btate
This statement was fesued:

As our train was entering Albany a big
stone was thrown threugh the window nex!
to the one at which Lieut.Gow Higgins was
sitting. I¢ evidently was intended for him.
Chief Detective Humphrey of the New York
Central et Albany ts investigating.

At Durland’s academy last night Mr.
Higgins was asked about the etonethrow-
ing incident whem he had finished apeake
ing. He said:

“Ob, that Ja not worth talking about.”

He was told of the statement made about
{t and he replied: é

FWell, that is all there-was to ft." al

 

 

 

 

Rather Mot Last Night. ai j

A French Deputy punched the Frenclyi
Minister of War.

President Roosevelt pronounced Jude
Parker's statementea to be “atrociously
false.”

Governor-Chairman Odell told how hé
unloaded $25,000 United States Shipbule)
ing “stock” on Judge Parker. ;

Next! ) ean

‘
*
.
,

Y

i

vl

 

<SFER oar