ere PT RD

4

-
Af,
YS o

WY

WW

Fair and warmer to-day; fresh east winds,

«

= —————— Pa ene en eae eee ee ee nee : ———— eee
1900.-COPYRIGHT, 190 PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.—THIRTY-TWO PAGES, PRICE FIVE CENTS.

VOL. LXVIL—NO. 269, NEW YORK. SUNDAY, MAY 27.

————— ~ —- _ _

’

ba 8

2
2

ce

eos

a 38 2n7

§gs tee

882K @ & RESPEare3

—
#

TRANSVAAL

BOBERTS CROSSES THE VAAL AND
ENGLAND THINKS PEACE IS NEAR,
Mrager Sabmits the Question of Unconditional

Surrender to the Boer Leaders in

Mines Will Be Destroyed—Military Estt-

mates That the War Will End on July 4. |

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, May 26.—The chief interest of the |
war pow centres on the date of its conclusion, |

It is rather curfous that the favored day in
most of the military estimates is July 4

predilection to select important anniversaries
for the execution of his principal plans. It was
on Majuba Day that he forced Cronje to sur-
render, and it was on the Queen's birthday that
be began his invasion of the Transvaal, It is
hardly possible that this great Irish soldier
ehould select the birthday of one republic for
the destruction of another. It would be an
act of bad taate, amounting almost to a direct
affront, and Gen Roberts has never been ac-
cused of being wanting in tact.

Rut if the information whieh comes from
many Boer sources means anything,the war will

be finished well within the ensuing month. |

There is now ample authority for the statement | ,
that the Transvaal Government asked Great | to the east of that place and are preparing to

Britain for terms of peace nearly a month ago
It was the relentless reply, equivalent to a de-

untted the Federals for further resistance

President Kriger, eveo now, is willing to ac-
cent the inevitable without further bloodshed,
for the Boer leaders can no longer deceive
themselves with false hopes. A Spartan spirit,
however, still dominates a large number of the
burghers and they are ready to fight hopelesaly
with the same determination as though a
chance of retainirg their independence re-
mained This indomitable band, however,
diminishes daily in number

According to publie and private despatches

opinion as to the continuation of the war {ts {m-

possible to reconcile, and President Kruger has —

thown his characteristic cleverness In referring
the question of peace to the leaders of the Boer
forces in the fleld. If they, ora considerable
majority of the commandanta, advise that they
must succumb to the overwhelming forces of
the enemy, the Transvaal authorities will make
submission to Great Britain within afew davs
Even this will not be accepted through diplo-
matic channels. The reply of the British Giov-
ernment to an offer of submission from Pre-
toria will be that the surrender must be made to
Gen. Roberta by all burghers under arms

Additional attempts have been made unof-
cially this week to use the threatened fate of
Johannesburg as a weapon to gain some
promise of a concession from Great Britain. So
far as known this haa failed entirely. The
probability increases, therefore, that the Rand
mines will be destroyed by dynamite. This uot
unnatural act of revenge may (ndecd be the
only condition upon which the {rreconcilables
among the Boers wil! consent to allow the peace
faction to make submission

The tendency in this country is to regard all
Pretoria telegrama to the effect that the Trans-
vaal (jovernment is unable to resist the demand
for the deatruction of the mines as mere bluff.
This is a natural suspicion, but itis hardly jus-
tifiad. According to the best Boer information,
the owners of the Rand mines in the Transvaal
are regarded as the chief instigators of the}war.
Gold is considered, of course, the real lode
stone that is drawing Great Britain to the
Boers’ country, and the latter would be more
than human if they did not desire to damage its
source as much as possible. Furthermore,
there area large number of Transvaalers who
will not remain in the country under British
rule, and they have nothing to lose by doing
everything possible that is detrimental to the
usurpers

Ever since January leading Boers have been
discussing the direotion of their next trek.
Many favor going to Brazil or the Argentine
Republic. Some of them advocate negotiating
with France for a section of Madagascar, where
there is said to be an excellent climate inland.

Peace seems, on the whole, not far off, but the
owners of the Johannesburg mines cannot
expect to escape scathless) As a matter of fact,
the destruction of the mines, in the real sense
of the word, is simply impossible. Immense
damage can be done to the machinery, work-
Ings, etc, and an enormous expense must be
incurred, but the gold will remain and will be
Still attainable.

THE ADVANCE TO VREDEFORT.

Many Burghers in the Free State Turning tn
Their Arms.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

From THRE SUN'S Correspondent with Gen. Roberts.

VrepEFORT, Orange Free State, May 24, 11:05
A M ~The British dragnet extends almost to
the banks of the Vaal River. Ontwo different
occasions to-day the correspondent of THE SUN
hasseen partiesof burghers turning in their
arms The correspondent has met many bur-
ghers who are anxious to learn the date on
which they can throw down their arms and
return to their farms

A commando of 800, consisting largely of
Johannesburg zarps (mounted police) and
foreigners, when they heardof Col. Pilcher
taking Bothaville, hastened to the southeast
and joined the retreating forces. The zarps
retired to Paris Drift on the Vaal River.

Gen French (s within stnking distance of tho
enemy.

JULIAN RALPH'S WOUND SERIOUS.

May Lose a Leg As a Result of His Injurtes
Received tn South Africa.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
lonpow, May 26,--Julian Ralph, the well-
known newspaper correspondent, arrived in
London to-day invalided through injuries
received in South Africa. He will probably
lose one of his legs

A London deapateh to THe Sun on Feb. 3
eaid that Mr. Knight, a wounded correspond-
ent of the Morning Post, who had arrived
there, reported that Mr. Ralph had been
wounded in the abdomen at Belmont by a spent
shel. Another despatch this week said that
twenty-one war correspondents have been
killed or have died of disease Guring the war
The Daily Mail, this despatch said, had been
barticulariy unfortunate, as ten of its cor-
respondents had been put out of service by
death or illness

THE QUESTION OF SURRENDER.

Kroger Tells a Delegation That It Is in the
Hands of the Commandants.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
(apr Town, May 26,--A despatch to the Cape
\rovefrom Lorenzo Marques says that State
Mining Engineer Klimke, who a few days ago
seid that he was opposed to the destruction of
the Johannesburg mines, has been dismissed by
the authorities
"he Transvaal Government,
#4) 4, is now issuing paper money
Aninfluential delegation of burghers called

the despatch

on President Kruger and urged him to sur- |

render
wa

The President replied that that matter
now in the hands of the military com-
mandants

America’s Sammer Resorts,
‘o. Sof the New York Central's “Four-Track
Series’ A Good thing to consult when arranging
for your summer outing. For a copy send a 1 cent

Stamp to G. H. Daniels, Grand Central Station, New
York.--Adr.

Spencer's, 15 Maiden Lane, make the largest vari-
My of spectacles of any house {n the world.—Ade.

‘JS INVADED. |

| Roberts Reports That His Advance Colamn

the |
Field-—-Increased Probability That the Rand |

| summoned assistance

BRITISH CROSS THE

VAAL,

Effects a Passage at Parys.
Special Cable Despatches to Tu SUN.

1.ONDON, May 26.—The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Gen,
Roberts

“WOEVENHOER, May 26, 9:10 A. M.—The ad-
vance portion of this force crossed the Vaal
River on the Queen's Birthday near Parys

“Hamilton's column is at Boschbank

“Our scouts are now at Viljoen's Drift,

“The local mines have not been injured and
work is going on as usual

“There is no enemy this side of the river.

“Hunter reached Vryburg on May 24."

A despatch from Pretoria of Thursday's date

Gen Lord Roberts has shown an interesting | says that all the persons accused of complicity

in the blowing up of Begbie’s Engineering
Works at Johannesburg have been acquitted
Anapplication was afterward made that they
be rearrested and sent across the border. This

| was also rejected,

A despatch from Newcastle, Natal, says that

! Mr. Koch, an Orange Free State magistrate,

surrendered on Friday

It is reported from Harrismith that the Vreda
burghers have returned to their farins. Presi-
dent Steyn of the Free State is reported to be
at Vrede = It is expected that he will proceed

| toward Laing's Nek,

Another despatch states that the Boers who
were besieging Mafeking are massing ten miles

resist the further advance of the British
PRETORIA, May 26.—An official bulletin issued

, yesterday afternoon said that it was reported
, which alone | his
mand for unconditional surrender ch slon | that the British troops had occupied Vredefort

A later despatch announeed that the British
were advancing on Schoeman’s Drift
Commandant Christian De Wet reports from

| Frankfort that the Federal forces have occu-
| pled Hellbron.

Pretonta, May 26. An official bulletin states
that the British have crossed the Vaal River nt
Grobler’s Drift, near Parys. The high

| level bride at Vereeniging has been blown up

by the Boers.

Commandant Dutoit announces that the

received in the past few days the division of | burghers are coming forward in force and that

they are determined to fight to the end
The Federal troops after recapturing Heil-
bron followed the British asfaras Wolvenhoek,

WILL RUN ON THE WAR ISSUE,

Dissolution of Parliament Likely as Soon as
Peace Is Arranged.
Special Cable Despotch to THE SUN
LONDON, May 26.—It is now well understood

that the dissolution of Parliament will follow |

600n after the conclusion of peace. The recent
by-elections confirmed the Ministerialists in the
belief that it would be folly tothrow away the
advantage which a successful war will give to
the political party which waged it. In the con-
teat at South Manchester, which was decided
yesterday, the Liberal candidate was the {first
man who had the courage to seek the suffrage
of the electors as a pronounced anti-war man.
Asa result he was routed, the Ministerial plu-
rality increasing from7s8, at which it stood tn
1896, to 2,080

With auch an object lesson the Liberal party
managers are not likely to favor anti-war can-
didatesinthe future. But they will
reckon witha good many obst’aate members
who are now sitting safe in Liberal seata who
will not consent to drop their anti-war views
for the sake of getting elected. The Tories may
be able to win nearly all the seats now held by
these recalcitrants if a general election is forced
before the Liberals have time ‘o settle their in-
terneciue disputes, which they might do if the
struggle was postponed until next year. A
majority of the Cabinet is believed to share this
view, so it is dificult to see how dissolution can
be averted this summer.

Capt. Middleton, the chief manager of the
Conservative party, has reported to the Par-
liamentary whips thatheis overwhelmed with
representations from local political bosses who

and that he himself favors it. Not the least
significant sign of what is going on below the
surface is the fact that both parties are privately
appealing to their supportera for subscriptions
to the party treasury. Sir John Brunner, a re-
markable member of Parliament, who success-
fully plays the dual réle of a radwal reformer

and the millionaire head of a great industrial |

trust, has handed to tlerbert Giadstone, the
chief Liberal whip, a quarter of a million dol-
lars for campaign purposes. Several sums al-
most as large have been paid to Capt. Middle-
ton this week

BRITISH CASUALTIES,

Losses of the Cape Colony Regiments During
the Relief of Mafeking.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lonpon, May 26. The War Office bas issued a
list of casualties among the Cape Colony regi-
ments during the relief of Mafeking. A Lieu-
tenantand seven men were killed and six offi-
cers and twenty-flve men were wounded,

Among others the wounded were W. Palton
and W. MeColinm of the Canadian artillery

The War Office also issues 4 list of thirty-five
deaths of fever between May 28 and May 26.
Among the number are J. Rasberry and H.
Clements of the Canadian contingent.

The Injanction Issued Against Henry Momsen,
Jr., of Milwaukee Is Dissolved.

Mi.wavkkF, Wis., May 26.—The injunction
which was issued by Court Commissioner
John F. Harper on May 15, restraining Henry
Momsen, Jr.. and Mrs. Mina Olsen from being
married was dissolved to-day by Judge Pereles
of the Probate Court. The injunction was

issued at the request of the father of the pro-
spective groom on the ground that he was
incompetent. It was to have been heard on
June 5 but the son secured an order com-
pelling the father to show cause why the or-
der should not be dissolved, and on hearin,
the arguments to-day the court decided tha
the Commissioner has ho authority to issue

the injunction, because he had been appointed |

by the Cireuit Court and has no authority in
the County Court. ;

In making his decision Judge Pereles said
he did not know if an injunction could be is-
sued to restrain a marriage, but he did not
rule on this subject. The couple can now be
married, but they will wait until June 6, pend-
ing the hearing of proceedings begun by the
father for the appointment of a guardian,
In court to-day the attorneys for the son said
that the real object of the father’s aetion Was
that he feared he would have to give up $2,000
of the son's money if he married

WOMAN LYING IN BROADWAY.

At the Police Station She Said She Was Mrs.
Mary C. Hastings, Widow of George D. Hastings

The attention of a policeman was called at
10 o'clock last night to a well-dressed woman,
apparently asleep ina doorway at the corner
of Canal street and Broadway. The policeman
tried to rouse her and being unable to
and rai-ed the woman
to her feet. She was unable to make herself
understood, 80 the policeman took her to the
Leonard street station. There the woman re-

lapsed into unconsciousness and an amoulance
was summoned from the Hudson Street Hos-

t
” Plotter in the woman's pocket was addressed
to '’Mrs. Mary (. Hastings, Warrenton, Mass
It was signed with the name ol the Rev, WR.
Huntington of Grace Church, In it the writer
condoled with Mrs. Hastings upon the “death
of her relative’

The ambulance surgeon succeeded after an |
the woman to con- |
Mary ©. |

hour's work in resvoring
sciousness, She said she was Mrs :
Hastings, 50 years old, widow of Geor eD
Hastings, who, in 1804, was confidential clerk for
Hilton Hughes & Co. As the woman was still
in a dazed condition at midnight she was de-
tuined for safety at the police station

The sexton of Grace Church said that Mrs.
Hastings had been ameinber of the congre-
gation until the death of her husban 1, who had
left her considerable money

Sairo in Catskills by Day Line Steamers Half

Rave May 2600 JuneS. See advertisements —Ade,

 

| awaiting attack
have to |

| outraged and swearing in

 

| never have

 

 

LAKE MICHIGAN INVASION.

600 CHICAGO POLICEMEN CUECK A
WATERFRONT SEIZURE,

George Streeter and His Army Take Posses-
sion of Land, Throw Up Breastworks and
Do Some Shooting Horse Killed and Boy
Wounded ~—Surrender When Force Was Used,

CHicaco, May 26.— Five hundred police armed
with rifles and acting as deputy Sheriffs in-
vaded the “territory of Lake Michigan” this
afternoon, capturing President George Streeter
and his entire force, including all the mem-
bers of his cabinet, the commander-in-chief
of the army andthe rank and file of the
latter organization. In all twenty-nine men
Were gathered in and to-night are in
cells in the Chicago avenue police station
When dwellers along the Lake Shore drive
awoke this morning they saw a schooner
at anchor just off shore, while close to the
eastern edge of the drive, which formerly
marked the shore, trenches had been thrown up
and armed and uniformed sentries were pacing
beats. Capt. George Streeter’s army of inva-
sion had come tn the night by way of the lake
and had again taken possession of “Territory of
Lake Michigan," from which the captain and
another army had been driven by United States
Marshal Ames and a force of deputies several
months ago

The men were armed, provisioned for a
month's slege and the determined front of the
garrison indicated that this was no mere sortie,
but a military movement carefully planned
and executed The city authorities were
notified as soon as possible, and Act-
ing Mayor Walker and Chief of Polloe
Kipley decided after consultation that the
city authorities had no right to interfere,
The Lincoln Park Board was hurriedly called
into session and decided that it had no
Jurisdiction.

Meantime Capt. Baer of the Police Depart-
ment rode over to the boundary line to see if
“President” Streeter could be pursuaded to
leave his “‘territory.”’ The captain attempted to

| cross the line from the United States to the

“Territory of Lake Michigan,"’ when he
was ordered to halt by William Niles, Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, who was {n com-
mand of Streeter’s army. The captain didn't
halt, and General Judge Niles pleked up a rifle
andtookashotathim. At the first shot the
captain halted, turned his horse and started
for the United States and safety at full speed
The rifle Was a repeater and General Judga
Niles worked the lever with rapidity. At the
second shot Capt. Baer’s horse fell dead. A third
shot tore the lapel from the coat of Detective
Hiatt, who had accompanied Capt. Baer.
A fourth shot struck fourteen-year-old Reuben
Manby, one of the crowd attracted by Streeter's

| militarv demonstration, in the leg, maiming him

for life Niles continued firing till his rifle
Was empty and the streets clear, but so far
as known no other casualties resulted

Ariot call took a patrol load of officers to the
Lake Shore, but the policemen returned with-
out accomplishing anything, as Streeter’s men
had lined up and were in their rifle pita
The reserves were then
called {n from every atation in the city.
Rifles and ammunition were secured from the
city armory and served to the men, who were
being formed into companies and battalions.
They had preliminary drills as fast at they re-
ported for duty

At 5o'clook Sheriff Magerstad!, who bed
been in consultation with his attorney andthe
United States Marshal since the attack
upon Capt. Baer, decided that the peace
and dignity of the county had been
the 500 police as
Deputies started for the Lake Shore Fifty
men were put on board of a tug and sent out to
attack Streeter’s army from the rear, while the
remaining 450 men were to march upon the

; | Intrenched enemy from three different direo-
favor a fight at the earliest possible moment

tions.

There was much excitement {n the north
side, while all these warlike preparations were
going on. Gen. Niles, who did all the talking
for President Streeter and all the shooting up
to that hour, when advised that the police were
coming, called his FalstaMan crew about him
and delivered a spread-eagle speech, in which
he urged them to shoot to kill and to fight to
the last man. The men were all armed with
repeating rifles and were well supplied with
ammunition. After Niles's address they re-
turned to their trenches

Sheriff Magerstadt had so arranged his forces
that all approached the Streeter fortress at the
same moment. They came from north,
south and west by land, while the fifty
men sent by boat appeared on the
eas! Niles was for opening fire and
making a fight even though surrrounded, but
President Streeter, seeing the hopelessness of
it, advised surrender and without the
firing of a shot ran up a white
flax The men laid down their
rifles and marched out of their dugout fort to
be thrown unceremoniously into patrol wagons
and hustled off to police station cells more Hue
alot of common drunkards’ than prisoners of
war

The men composing Streeter forces
are mostly from the old organization
known as the Second Independent Regiment,
organized at the outbreak of the Spanish-
American War, Others are from the Chicago
Rough Riders’ organization, and stil! others
are hoboes without uniforms or much clothing
ofany kind. They are taking this desperate
step for possession of a strip of land formed by
accretions about the wreckage of (Capt.
Streeter's schooner which was driven on the
beach during a storm in 1886,

The tract now includes more than eighteen
hundred lots or 180 acres. In the fight for the
possession of this land the Supreme Courts
rendered any definite decisions,
The land is claimed by the Newberry estate and
other large property owners along the north
shore under riparian rights The Park Board
also claims most of the territory

Streeter asserts that the land is made land
and is as free as the undiscovered islands
of the sea. It Is his intention to estab-
lish a claim to it because it grew
up by wave action against his old
boat After he has established a
claim he intends to have the territory annexed
to the United States. A year ago Capt. Streeter
made an attempt to set up an indepen-
dent government on the tract A con-
stituuon was adopted and a_i full set
of officers installed, but then, as now,
the police acting as deputy Sheriffs raided the

the

Territory and threw Streeter and his men into |

‘ail Two weeks ago Capt. Streeter brought

suit for $500,000 damages from the efty officials |

and others who were interested in the police |
, him

expedition against him last May
Al first the claims of Capt. Streeter were
laughed at, but his clatm to posseasion and the

sale of parts of the land to others put a cloud |
| On the title of some of the North Shore property

owners, Much litigation had been the result
and the aid of Federal courta may be invoked

| to settle the question of ownership of the tract

in dispute

Champion Rattlesnake Hunters.

Saratoga, May 26. John Bartlett !and
Wesley Rising of Lake George hold the record

as the champion rattlesnake hunters of this |

region. They went into the mountains back of
of the lake yesterday and killed 192 full grown
ratdera. The smallest was four feet long
The hunters’ harvest wos profitable, as the
county pays a bounty of 26cents for the kill-
ing of each rattlesnake having a rattie or
utton

Over 750 Physicians use Carl H. Schaltz’s
Mineral Waters. They certainly oughttoknow which
waters are correct and the best in the market.—Ade,

TREASON GROWS IN PARIS,

No Trace for the Ministry During the Expo-
sition.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN,

Panis, May 26.- Itis already evident that the
political truce which it was attempted to im-
pose early in thespring will not be allowed to
continue through the Exposition. Perhaps it
{s already perceived that foreigners are refus-
ing to come and submit to the extortions of the
French capital, It is, therefore, useless to
postpone the execution of designs which have
for their object the overthrow of the Republic.

Itshould be borne in mind that the Nation-
alists, who carried Paris a fortnight ago, are
really revolutionists who lack only a leader
upon whom all could unite. Treason that is,
disloyalty to the present form of government--
is common gossip on the streets and in the
cafés, The question is, Will the poison remain
dormant until October or November?

The most hopeful sign is Gen, de Galliffet's
hot and resolute speeeh in the Senate yesterday,
{n which he declared with rough and alinost
brutal emphasis that he intended to be master
of the French Army and punish relentlessly
any members, high or low, who dared to dis-
obey him. That was the spirit for which the
whole French nation has been unconsciously
longing. He showed it before at the Commune,
and itis the same spirit in the same man, now
grown old and physically feeble, which is the
bestfkafeguard of the French Republic in the
great crisis of its existence, which is close at
hand.

Another attack will be made on the Govern-
mentinthe Chamber on Monday. The effect
of Gen de Galliffet’s fearless declaration will
probably suffice to defeat it. Sedition, how-
ever, is rampant in France, and the enemies of
the Republic were never so active and never so
powerful.

Work is proceeding steadily on the Exposi-
tion, which is, however, far from completion -
a stage which cannot be reached until the end
of June. Meanwhile, Paris is already suffering
on account of the foolish rapacity of her trades-
men of every description. Prices for accom-
modation, food, anything and everything, have
been absurdly raised, with the natural result
ofa falling off in the number of visitors. In at-
tendance Germans of frugal minds, on busi-
ness bent, have hitherto predominated, but the
English were noticeably scarce and recently the
arrival of Americans has been noticeably
checked, Sundays alone soe large attendances
at the Exposition grounds, but the smallness of
the weekday crowds proves that the former is
simply alot of local holiday makers

The Turkish pavilion, which is now open, has
the distinction of being the only onein the Rue
des Nations where side shows are permittedand
an entrance fea charged, sharing with the
American pavilion, whichis graced by a bar,
the distinction of having a drinking establish-
ment which can be entered from the avenue.
On the ground floor of the café, where the
Syrian dances are «ven, there ts alsoa side-
show of exaggerated representations of notori-
ous Fastern dances The pavilion alto-
wether Jacks dignity This {s 80 pro-
nounced that the Sultan's brother-in-law
after visiting it telegraphed tothe Sultan ask-
ing: ‘Are you destined to humiliate and dea-
troy the religionof Islam or born to sully the
honor and glory of the noble Turkish nation?
Why have you participated in an exhibition
since it is outof your power to be represented
in a dignified and honorable manner? In the
name of our national dignity, I beseech you to
have these eeandalous scepes removed from
this place, which should be reserved for the
great marvels of civilization "

THE KARTH ENGULFED HIM.

He Had Been Gazing at the Moon and Listen-
ing to Her- Willing Hands to the Rescue.

The perilsof wandering from the beaten
routes of commerce {n Brooklyn have been
many times exemplified by adventures
of citizens with the demanding highway-
man, the night-wandering dog and the mis-
directing street sign, but never more
strangely and alarmingly than In the oase
of Jacob Gustlein who attempted to take a
young woman home at Fort Hamilton on Fri-
day night and fell through the earth's crust
His companion was Misa Fannie Jack-
son, who lives in the same houre
with him at 1027 Fortieth street, Brooklyn
Together they went toa party tn Parkville and
undertook to walk part of the way home at
midnight, having missed thetrolley carby a
fraction of a second To beguile the way
Misa Jackson, who 1s interested in
astronomy, undertook to explain to Mr
Guatiein the nature of the approaching eclipse
of the sun. At the cornerof Fortieth street and
Fort Hamilton avenue the gaze of both of them
was firmly fixed upon the moon while the fair
astronomer explained how that orb was going
to Interpose {tself between this earth and the
sun and darken matters up

“The shadow of the moon," said she wisely,
“will be seen cutting {nto the sun's disc, It
will come in from the West because-—because
why, because the earth turns the other way,
youknow. You understand, don't you?”

There was no answer, Miss Jackson turned
around and found that she was quite alone

Her escort had left her withoutso much asa
word of apology. For amoment she meditated
expedionts whether it was to proceed in of-
fended dignity or seream for help oroffera
reward for information concerning a inysterious
divappearance. Before she had made up her
mind she heard a apiashing and gureling a few
feet back and, apparently, from some subter-
ranean source

“Ia that you?” sheecalled, “Where are you?”

“T don't know,” answereda strangled voice,
uncertainly, Then with the emphasis of a deep
conviction it shouted, “Help!”

Being a person of quick intelligence Miss
Jackson jmmediately pervcived that the best
thing she could do was to oer
explanations for the time being and
use her breath itn other directions
so she took up thecry of help and made the
welkinring That particular part of Brooklyn
ts largely made up of welkin, but there area
few houses thereabouts and the occupants of
one of them presently woke up Whenever
anybody jn that nelahborhood is awakened by
shouts of help he always takes it for granted
that it is @ case of sorne unfortunate lost in the
wilds, so this rescue party sallied forth
fully equipped with lanterns. In the course
of time they came upon Miss Jackson wringing
her hands by the brink of a three-
foot hole and asking it in agonized accents if
itwas much burt. At first they were inclined
to regard her asga victim) of insanity, but
when they heard a subterranean voice he-

in to specify the nature and extent of in-
uries suffered they went and got ropes ind
hauled the lost one to the surface again. In ‘iis
lunar absorption be had walked into a fil-
teen-foot cistern that happened to be situated
inthe middle of the road — Somebody had put
some boards over it, but the boards had rotted
and spread and through the three-foot opening
Mr. Gustlein had passed without the slightest
difficulty On the way down to the
bottom he had eneountered a nail which
id ita best to arrest his descent with the result
of tearing «a large bole in’ his elothing
and the chest under the clothing. The five fect
of water at the bottom of the eistern prev nted
from hurting himself when he struck,
but he had contrived to bang
against the walls efectually and that
the injuries inflicted by the nail
him in poor condition Dr. « A. Palmer
whe lives. in the vicinity, treated him
and found that he had fractured several
rita and that he had probably suffered
some internal injuries He was taken to
his home and put to bed) Aa soon as he gets
well Mr Guetiein would like to find the man
who was guilty of what he considers the repre.
hensible careless: ess of leaving the cistern in
the middle of the road

with

New Deputy Factory Inspector,

ALBANY, May 26 -George L. Horn of Brook-
lyn has been appointed a Deputy State Factory
Inspector, ata salary of $1,200 His Inspec
tions will include bake shops only

Always Use Platt's Chlorides
for household disinfection. You will like tt -Ade.

Mount Pleasant House, White Mis. has its repre-
sontative, Mr. L. H. Bingham, at 3 Park place. ~Ade,

himeest |

put |

(COOGAN PLEDGES $100,000

TO HELP THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL
COMMITTEE ELECT BRYAN.

He Says So Himself and Also That He Told
Mr. Croker He Was Going to Do It and
That Mr. Croker Did Not Object —- How
Would “Bryan and Coogan’’ Sound?

A committee of prominent Democrats who
are interested In collecting funds for the cam-
paign of William J. Bryan called on James J.
Coogan, President of the borough of Manhat-
tan, in his office in the City Hall yesterday,
and when they went away they carried with
them, so Mr. Coogan admits, Mr. Coogan’'s
pledge to contribute $100,000 to the fund.

The conference in Mr. Coogan's office lasted
about an hour.
after the committee went away. There was
a rush for Mr. Coogan at once to find out if the
story of his liberal contribution was true. He
sald that it was, but declined to go into details,
He even refused to say who were in the party
that called on him, but it was said that National
Committeeman Frank Campbell was present.

Mr. Coogan cheerfully admitted that he had
promised the money, believing that Mr. Bryan
would be the candidate of the Democratic
party, and for the purpose of electing the man
from Nebraska. His action had the sanction
of the leaders of Tammany Hall, he added, as
he had let Mr. Croker know what he was going
to do and no objection had come from that quar-
ter.

It has been understood around the City
Hall for some time that Mr. Coogan had Vice-
Presidential ambitions, and It is believed that
he thinks he has a chance to be Mr. Bryan's
running mate on the Democratic ticket.

The Hon. Daniel J, Campau of Michigan,
chairman of the Executive Committee of the
Democratic National Committees was at the
Hoffman House the other day. He said that
already $400,000 had been pledged toward
a campaign fund for Bryan. It may be that
Col. Coogan'a promised $100,000 is part of the
fund mentioned by Mr. Campau, who himself
has been very favorably mentioned as Bryan's
associate on the Kansas City ticket. But,
speaking of the $400,000, the comment was
“what are these among so many?” That fund
of $400,000 would last about a week in a national
political battle. It's but a whiff of smoke.

KIDNAPPING PLAN ON FOOT.

Goebelites Plotting to Steal the Kentucky
Refugees.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 26--The Kentucky re-
fugees, Gov Taylor, Secretary Finley and
others. who have sought asylum here, are wor-
ried over private advices which they received
from home to-day regarding an important wit-
ness in the Goebel murder case who fs in hiding
in this State They refuse to give the name of
the man or his present stopping place, hut say
that he changed his residence last night
because his place of hiding had been
discovered Mr. Finley said to-day
that the Goebel men intended to use the man as
@ witness and had determined to have him at
any cost According to their advices, anar-
rangement had been made at Frankfort by
which three men were to come secretly to In-
diana, have the refugee enticed from his board-
ing house and then forcibly take him back to
Kentucky before the Indiana officers were ad-
vised of their presence

R. N. Miller of Breckinridge county Joined
Taylor and Finley here to-day, and itis thought
he brought the news of the proposed kidnap-
ping. The much-wanted witness Is not known
to have come to this city and if heis here his
identity ‘sunknown except to the other Ken-
tucklans

Former Governor Taylor is being solicited by
numerous friends in Kentucky to runas a
canidate for Governor again in that State and
has the matter under consideration. He is
anxious to make the race and reoeive what
he believes would be a_ vindication, but
he knows his enemies would arrest him
and perhaps deny him bail if he en-
tered the State to make a campaign
Gov. Mount has assured him of protection here
{f he wanta to make the race, and other Kepub-
licans have offered to do all they can to asstet
him. They have said to him that it would be a
signal honor to be elected without entering the
State. They say the headquarters can be
opened here and the campaign conducted from
this city, and that, although he would not be
able to make a personal canvass, he could direct
the campaign as well from here as from Frank-
fort. He has the matter under consideration
and will decide !n a day or two

William Boswell, district manager of the
Provident Saving Iife Insurance Company,
who lives in Cincinnau, was here to-day to offer
Mr. Taylor the place of Indiana representative
of the company. The offer was not accepted
as Mr. Taylor's plans for the future are still un-
formed

ST. LOUIS STRIKER KILLED.

He Is the Fourth Victim of the Street Car
Tie-uap.

Lovis, May 26.—Owing to the fact that
the Democratic primaries were held to-day
all transit street cars were turned into the
barns at 10 A. M., leaving the city without
even the semblance of transportation facili-
ties, save such as could be furnished by the
suburban system, entirely inadequate to
carry a tithe of the people anxious to get to
and from the business centre

The death of Harry Potts to-day, a striking

motorinan, makes the fourth fatality since the
tie-up was begun. He was shot from a Jefferson
avenue car. He was a block away from the
point where the crowd had attacked the car
and wounded a@ policeman who was guard'ng
ft, and was shotinthe abdomen Pot's iv the
first striker to be killed, two civilians and an
emergency policeman being the other vic-
ums

The Transit Company will operate cars on siz
lines embraced in the Lindell division to-mor-
row, adequate police protection having been
promised. There is no {ndication of early set-
tlement of the strike. President Whitaker save
that the company has no new proposition to
make and thatany proposal must come from
the strikers ‘Jransit Company officials insist
that they are able to operate the usual number
of cars, dav and night, on every line in their
systein if police protection is given therm

South Broadway business men, in their en-
deavor to settle the strike, have determined to
try to get a representative from each news-
paper andthe presidents of the leading clubs
and business and commercial bodies and or-
ganizations of the city ina conference on Mon-
day afternoon at the Merchants’ Exchange
with a view to obtaining their sentiment in
regard to calling a mass meeting for the
following day (Tuesday), to be attended by
leading business and professional men [f the
plans the South Broadway men have in view
are approved by the men who gather at the
conference a meeting will be called and steps
taken toward endeavoring to end the lock-out
which has so erippled the business interests of
the eity. Many houses are keeping oc en more
asnainatter of habit than because of the de-
mandsof trade A large number of emplovees
have been laid off and others will be unless a
speedy settlement is effected

81

The strike leaders say to-day that a telegram |

to Speaker Henderson, asking that the World's
Fair bill be hung up until petition could re
Washington protesting against its enaetment
hy Congress, Was unauthorized, that orgenized
jabor is not hostile to the contemplated centen-
nial celebration

Collections in Caba in April,
WasHtINGTON, May 26 -The Division of Cus-
tomsand Insular Affairs of the War Department
made the statement to-day that the total col-

lections in Cuba during the month of April
19, amounts fo $1,470,487, of whieh $1,257 284

was from customs, and $113.103 from internal ,

revenues

Ea w. E& W.

All pure white Unen.
A cool sbirt for warm weather -Ada

The news leaked out shortly |

ich |

; Dey ity

WORK ON THE PANAMA CANAL,

French Company Orders Work Resumed on a
Large Scale.
Special Cable Pespaich to THE SUN.

Coon, Colombia, May 26.~The canal com-
pany has received orders from Paris to resume
work on a large scale. A great many mechanics
and laborers are being engaged.

The United States gunboat Machias has been
ordered to prolong her stay at Colon and that
vicinity.

Affairs at Colon and Panama are quiet,

IS SIR EDWIN ARNOLD HIS FATHER?

English Solicitor Under Arrest in California
Believed to Be the Poet's Son.

SAN FRANCISCO, May 26.--Julian Arnold, the
English solicitor who was arrested here on
Wednesday for embezzlement by Secret Service
officers, is supposed to be the second >on of Sir
Edwin Arnold, the English poet and writer.
He was anxious to keep hisidentity secret, and
for that reason told the deputy marshals who
have been guarding him in his hotel at

| Berkeley that*to have his family connection

known would trouble him. Last night his wife
mailed a letter addressed to ‘Nir Edwin
Arnold’’ at the Berkeley Post Offlee Among
thosa to whom Arnold said he was the
son of Bir Edwin are two deputies in the
marshal's office. He said his father once visited
here several years ago and wrote an entertain-
ing story about his experiences. He is not in-
clined to talk much about himself or his tamily,
but is anxfous to go back to London and stand
his trial.

Mrs. Arnold is about 83 years old and seenis
to be undergoing a nervous strain, She will
probably be sent back by the Britih Gover:-
ment with her husband. At the offlee of the
British Consul ft was learned that it would he
twelve or fifteen days before Arnold would
start for England.

PELL FROM THE THIRD STORY.

A Little Nephew of Walter Darvea, Who Broke
His Neck bat Has Recovered, Killed.

Woleott Duryea, two years and ten months
old, the son of Frank W. Duryea and grandson
of Wright Duryea, the Glen Cove manufacturer,
was killed by a fall froma third-story window
of his home, 8) Montgomery place, Brooklyn,
on Thursday afternoon, The boy had climbed
on the window aill during the absence of his

nurse, She arrived just in time to see him fall
Undertaker Rider of Seventh avenue called
at the Health Office yesterday = mornin

to file a certificate of death whieh ha

been issued by Dr. James T. Hanan of Gurticid
place, but Dr S.J. Byrne rejected it because
the boy's death was due to an accident, Coro-
ner Burger was notified and Coroner's Physi-
clan Hartung investigated the case and report-
ed on it so that the funeral, which was arranged
to be held at 8 o'clock yesterday afternoon, was
not delayed.

The child was a nephew of Walter Duryea,
who broke his neck last summer in diving from
a plank at a sea-ide resort, but who was dis-
charged recently from the hospital where he
underwent treatment,

CLARKE DIVORCE SUIT EXPENSES.
Husband Says He Is Worth Only $34,050 and
That His Income Is 61,065 a Year,

PirrspurG, Pa., May 26 --James King Clarke
filed an answer in the Prothonotary's office to-
day tothe rule secured on him by his wife,
Father Bartlett Clarke, to show cause why he
should not reimburse her for $7,063.66, expenses
incurred in the recent divorce trial in which
the jury disagreed, Clarke says he is not
worth $20,000 a year and he files a achedule al-
leging that he owns these securities: Penn-
gylvania Company 43 per cent. bonds,
$16,950; State of Pennsylvania bonds, $5,120;
Ashtabula and Pittsburg Rallway bonds, $11,050;
Philadelphia and Frie Railway bonds, 811.065
He declares that his assets on the market price
of securities anount to $44,250, and his liabill-
ties are $10,200. He declares, therefore, that he
fs worth $34,060 and that his income is $1,065 a
year.

Clarke says he paid Mrs. Clarke the $500 all-
mony and $60 a month granted her by the court
before the divorce suit was tried Hesays the
bill of expenses is grossly exorbitant and asks
to have the rule dismissed,

KEITH OF THE ASTOR HOUSE DEAD,

His Fatal Iliness Occurred at the House of
Proprietor Allen in Poughkeepsie.
F.T Keith, manager of the Astor Hose,

died at 1 o'clock yesterday morning at Pough-!

keepsie at the home of Mr. FJ. Allen, pro-
prietor of the hotel, whose guest he became
three weeks ago Mr. Kelth waa ill when
he went to Poughkeepsie and = several

days after his arrival at Mr Allen's home onthe
Hyde Park road he became inuch worse. He
was attended by Dr. J FE. Sadlier of Pough-
keepsie. Last Luesday his condition became so
alarming that Dr Edward Janeway of New-
burgh was calledin consultation with Dr Sadler
The physicians could not prolong his life and
he failed steadily until his death. Mr Keith
had beenwith Mr. Allen about twenty years
nd was pe nly valued by him. He was born
n New Bedford 59 res ago and his remains
were sent to that city, where the funeral will
be held. He is survived by his wife, one son
and one daughter

Mr. Keith died of pneumonia,

HAZEL'S NAME DID COME UP,

Bot the Bar Association Committee Took No
Action on the Nomination,

John DeWitt Warner, one of the members of
the Committee on Judicial Nominations of the
Bar Association, was asked last night about the
secret meeting the comnilitee held on Friday
evening. at which, it was rumored, the appoint-
ment of John R. Hazelof Buffalo as United
States District Judge of the Western District of
New York was discussed

"That meeting.” said Mr. Warner, “was not
called for the purpose of considering Mr
Hazel's appointment It was called for an en-
trely different matter, about which | am not at
liberty to talk. | will admit, however, that
mention was made in an informal way of the
Hazel appointment and that there was a little
talk among some of the members of the com-
mittee, but nothing was done officially. The
committee took no action and expressed no
opinion about the appointment,”

NO ACTION ON HAZEL'S NOMINATION

WASHINGTON, May 26.-The nomination of
John R. Hazel of Buffalo to be United States
Judge of the newly created Western
Judicial district of New York was considered
to-day by the sub-committee of the Sen-
ate Committee on the Judiciary, to which
it was referred, but noaction was taken
committee wentover the testimony taken on
Friday, and the protests against confirmation
before the commitiee The nominetion will be
con-{dered by the full committee at its meeting
on Monday, as Wwillalso the reguest of a com-
mittee of the Bar Association of New York that
aetiin on the nomination be deferred
Thursday

until

VO MONEY TO VISIT PARIS,

Rat the Girl Who Saved a World's Fatr Train
Refuses to Be Exhibited as a Freak,
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, May 26--Miss Jennie
Creek of Mill Grove, who saved a World's Fair
train on the Pan Handle from a wreck in 1993
and who was made a member of the French
legion of Honor for the act and recently in-
vited to attend the Paris Exposition as the guest
of the National Humane Society of France, is
financially unable to pay the expenses of the
trip and some friends proposed the
money by popular subseription and by selling
a small book whieh conta tory of her
loring act) Editor Bundy of the J m Newa
asked Miss Creek to visit) Marior ! the
Flks Carnival and sell the book from a booth
She replied that e would y attend the
Paris Exposition, but she could net consent to
Appear as oak” in order to wet the money

to raise

BARY STARVED TO DEATH.

Mrs. Hosath's Poverty Was Relieved Too Late
to Save the Child's Life,

1 months old, died yesterday

mother, 1053 Third avenue

» made an autopsy at

Joseph Mosath
at the home of his
Coroner O'Flan
the Morgue last night and said that the child
had died of starvation Mrs. Bosath Ives in
one rear roon She wus deserted by her hus-
band varagco and afterward had hard work
in earn ng money enough to keep herself and
her echt! On Friday she earned a dollar ina
restaurant She collected the money vesterday
and hastebed home with some food for the
baby, but the child was d ad when she arrived

niesmannaaiaainely

Grand Decoration Day Excursions to West Pot,
@c., by Day Line Steamers.- Ade

.

r

 

 

| wonder what

| they

| ¥r m

KINLEYMACKWINS

Takes the Brooklyn Handicap in
a Field of Nine,

a

TRACK FETLOCK DEEP IN MUD.

Rain Mars the Pleasure of Twenty
Thousand Spectators

Ethelbert) Jean Berand and Fight Othe
Horses Withdrawn to the Disappointment
of the Crowd at the Gravesend Track
~Raffaciio Is the Favorite tn the Betting
but the Three-Year-Old Herbert Is Heavily
Backed The Wioner Also Freely Playe@
at Liberal Odds — They Get Of te
a Fine Start, but the Favorite
and the Winner Take the Mad From the
Heels of the Other Horses Until the Half
Mile Is Reached When Kinley Mack
Reaches the Front and Matntains Hite
Advantage to the End-—Raffacilo Comes
Strong at the Close and Finishes Second,
With Herbert Third—Golden Age Capteres
the Expectation Stakes and Swifd
Van Shig Wins a4 Stirring Steeplechase,

The Brooklyn Handicap of $10,000, run at the
Gravesend racetrack yesterday afternoon, was
@ partial disappointinent to 20,000 spectators,
who, in of rainy weather, went to
the scene of action filled with hopeful expecta.
tions. Lhe fact that Perry Belmont’s Ethelbert,
which won the Metropolitan Handicap at Morris
Park in such magnificent style not long ago,
and Willian |. Whitney's noted Jean Beraud
were entered in this classic event was a euffle
cient attraction in itself to draw the multitude,
and as star turf performers had
been made = first and second choloes
in the over-night betting it was nos
at all surprising that when both were
scratched prior to the posting of odds in the
ring there was a general feeling of regret, The
heavy track was directly responsible for the
withdrawal of these popular idols, for Messrs,
Belmont and Whitney did not feel that it would
bea fair test and an act of justice to the publie
to allow their horses to try it out 'n the heavy
going. So with Ethelbert and Jean Beraud
out of it, together with several other entries of
lesser importance, the fleld of starters, con-
sidering the importance of this rich event, was
considerably below the standard of former
years Still the race, as it was run, was worth
seeing, even though the favorite inthe betting
failed to Jand first money.

The winner turned up in Eastin & Larable’s
four-year-old bay oolt, Kinley Mack, by Isling-
ton Songstress, which captured the prize ta
rather easy style by a length from M. Murfhy’s
four-year-old chestnut colt Raffaello, by Faran-
dole Jennie sS., the public's first selection. W.
C. Rollins's three-year-old bay colt, Herbert. by
Albert Bonnie Ola, was third. The time of the
race was 2:10. Kinley Mack was finely ridden
by Jockey MeCue, who was reinstated only ten
days ago, and carried 122 pounds; Raffaello’s
impost was 113 pounds and he was piloted by
Jenkins, while Herbert, with Mitchell up, had
only 08 pounds to bear

Aaffaello carried aton of money to win an@
might have satisfied his backers had he not
been pocketed early in the race, and was there-
after compelled to fight for an opening for
nearly half the distance. As it was, Jenking
crowded in close to the rail upon entering the
stretch, and going to the whip he managed te

Bplle

these

| land the place when it seemed to be a hopeless

task There were many happy supporters of

| Kiniey Mack, however, who pounded his price

down from eights to 6 to land cashed. Here
bert was aecond choice in the betting, and was
heavily plaved. That good old mare Imp, with
the heavy impost of 128 pounds, top weight
was also fancied even ata long price, but the
track was not to her liking and, though she ran
{n surprisingly good form under the crum-

| stances, she gotno part of the money. 8. 8,

Brown's bay colt, Batten, which had been tipped
as a possible surprise because of his alleged
liking for the mud, was ignominously last.

All things considered the race was note bad
upset for the public, andif Raffaello had been
victor there would have been litde fault te
find, barring the weather and the non-appeare
ance of Messrs” Belmont and Whitney’s crack
thoroughbreds. To make up for the disap»
potntiment, however, the Brooklyn Jockey Clab
has offered a $5,000 purse for a sweepstake
event to be run next Saturday, on the sole
condition that Ethelbert and Jean Beraud both
goto the post, in which event the public may
have a chance to judge which is the better
horse. The winner's share of the handicap was
$8,000, the second horse took $1,500 and the
third $300. The distance was one mile anda
quarter and the fleld was sent away in excellent
fashion by Starter Fitzgerald after the horseg
had been at the post two minutes.

RAIN MALS THE PLEASURE,
Turfites were praying for perfect weathe

| yeaterday morning, and when thev got out of

Bus

bed the indications were most favorable,

! toward noon the clouds, first gray and thin and

"4 | later blue and heavy, came rolling up the bay
18

and made
best to

the enthusiasta
was wear. Those whe
took umbrellas and mackintoshes to the track
had plenty of amusement later in the day when
pring sults and straw hats hude
dled in ashrinking tuass under the protecting
roof of the big grand stand Vor the rain bee
gantofall at 2 lock and was soon wetting
everything and everyt

Sut rain
away from
Gravesend by

arid ¢

from the ocean

aw the

ps a handicap crowd
the track, Thousands were on their
various routes, They
ity to take the long
poured over
e trolley cars and Fifth
they crowded the
nd proceeded from
ice eure,
York and
the people
fortunes were
was
finane
wasn't
of the various
the news~
with pen-
cils inthe hands, figured outa combination in
little books and imparted vainable information,
! such, to their more unsoe
phisticated companions
Anold man with white whiskers and epecta=
cles perched on the tip of his nose was among
the passengers on the | o'clock train from Long
Island City. He pulled a book ont of his poeket
and thumbed the pages nervously. The book
was about five inches square and four inches
thick Tt contained what are known aa “dope”

seldom ke

way to
poured into Long is
i] trains to the seaside, thes
the Bridge and filled t)
avenue "T express trains
Thirty-ninth street ferr
that point to their dest

every part of Greiter New

ener

ttlon in sur

surrounding cities and
journeyed to

to be won rst ! A man
his

there

canned
others,

'

f it could be calle

Decoration Day Excarsions,
Half fare to Thousand Islands and Adtrondac®
Mountains, vin New York Central. Tickets good ree
turning until June 4h Pardoulare from deka;