a

=

VO. LXVIL—NO, 185.

 

 

—_—_—— vO _=_ee_—_0V$0ec—e -

SENULAND'S OTHER PERILS. |

ANXIETY NOT FULLY RELIEVED BY
SOUTH AERICAN SUCCESSES,

French Hatred and Roasian Ambitions Are
Threatening Bellet That England Would
Welcome Boer Overtures for Peace in

View of Possible European Complica-
thons — London Hopes That Kruger’s
Visit to Steyn Is the First Step.

Special Cable Despatch to Tax Bun.

Lonpon, Mareh 4.g From a military point of
view the change in the situation during the
past fortnight has been all that the most
pat riviic Englishman could desire, Tho politi-
ea! outlook on the other hand, has darkened
{nxtead of grown brighter, and the gravest
apprehensions exist in quarters which possess
actual knowledge of impending dangers.

This is openly confessed in the Government's
extraordinary appeal to the colonies for infor-
mation as to the utmost number of men avail-
able in case “it is nécessary to use the present
Bouth African forces elsewhere,” No official
information {s forthcoming as to what the
vague word “elsewhere” really means, but the
alinust universal! interpretation is “the Indian
frontier,”

itis commonly supposed that, the Franco-
Russian attempt to induce the Sultan to re-
open the Egyptian question having tailed,
Russia may push the military preparations
already made on the Afghanistan frontier.
Possibly this is the most immivent danger, but
Russia has really done nothing yet to betray
such Intention.

The French situation is becoming more ob-
vious 'y threatening, despite the imminence of
the Exposition, in which the French pecnle are
taking a surprisingly lukewarm interest. The
hostility to England has reached an intensity
which ts gravely perilous. It must be remem-
bered that the French nation has not been
mentally sound in several years, and it has long
been feared that the mania of war would super-
vene after the follies of her recent history. A
French diplomatist of high rank said ion private
eonversation in Paris yesterday:

“A considerable party in France {s in favor
of immetiate war with Great Britain, and the |
cooler heads have great difMlculty in keeping
peace, I, myself, am doubtful whether we
shall not be worse off if we wait longer. The
antagonism between the two countries has
reached such a point that the break may come
at any moment.”

Sir Charles Dilke, whois one of the coolest |
and keenest observers in England, entertains
similar apprehensions, and prophecies of war
with England before September are common

 

{n Paris,

Ou the other hand tt {!s probably unjust to
ac use the present French Government of de-
liberately plottinga rupture with Great Britatn.
The key of the situation is, after all, 8t.
Petersburg and not Paris. The. French would
hardly undertake to attack England without
the consent and ald of Russia, and the Czar
remaina inscrutable. There are plenty of so-
call-d authoritative reports, representing his
attitude at both extremes, but the moment
probably has not arrived when Russia is will-
ing toattempt a consummation ef her ambi-
tious plans by an appeal, {f necessary, to force.
Her great strategic railway is not finished.
The chief antagon!st in the path of the reliza-
tion of her ambitions, however, {s now ham-
pered in a way which overhaps affords
even greater advantages than the completion
ofherra{lway and other preparations. More-
over, now that Fngland has discovered her
own weakness, It is certain that she will begin
to make ready for eventualities in a manner
which will perhaps render the future of Rus-
sian aggression hopeless,

| lished an official note referring to the war

IMPRESSIViG SCENE IN LADYSMITH,

Gen, White Led the Singing of the National
Authem When Kellef Arrived,
Special Cable Despa'ch to Tat SUN,

Lonpoy, March 3.—A despateb from Lady-
smith states that when Gen, White reached
tie post ofee after the arrival of Lord Dun-
donald's cavalry he was called upon for a
byeech, Hesaid

“People of Ladysmith: I thank you all for
the herote, patient manner in which you have
assisted me during the sioge, It hurt me ter-
rit: ytocut down the rations; but, thank God,
we have kept the flag flying.”

Gen, White, who was very much affected,
then led the singing of the British national
anthem, The correspondent says that in the
se:ni-darkness the appearance of the gray-
haired General leading hundreds of bare-
headed men In the singing mado a picture that
will never be forgotten.

THE POPE TO BRITISH CATHOLICS,

Charges of Pro-Boer
Cruelly Wrong Him.
Spretal Cable Deputch to The Sum.
Romk, March 3.—The influential memorial
from British Catholics to the Pope, promoted
by the Duke of Norfolk, in which tho algna-

Says Sympathies

| tories protested against the rampant Anglo-

phobism of the elerical press in Italy, caused
real concern in the Vatican, and by the order
of the Pope athorough investigation waa in-
atituted. The official reply sent to the Duke
by Cardinal Rampo'la was not altogether satis.
factory to thy memorialists, but they will
probably be soothed by another letter written
in the Pope's own hand, to Cardinal Vaughan,

The Pope declares that those who attribute
to him pro-Boer sympathies inthe lamentable
fratricidal struggle now proceeding In South
Africa, cruelly wrong him personally and the
Church of which he isthe divinely-anpointed
guardian, He {s well aware that the British
army contains many thousands of Catholic
soldiers, who, from the beginning of the war
have distinguished themselves by their hero-
ism, and his heart has bled for them in their
sufferings, He loves England too well not to
wish her a happy isave out of the present
trials, and he knows, moreover, that it is in the
interests of the Church that the British arms
should prevail. It is impossible for him to
approve of the war, but how could it be sup-
posed that he desires the triumph of the
Loers?

As for the Osserratore Romano the so-called
organ of the Vatican, the Popa reminds Cardi-

' nal Vaughan that the paper has never pub-

If
it has published articles commenting on the
waritis only just to point out that they were
not in any way inapired by the Vatican.
Furthermore the articles complained of never
expressed a desire for a Boertriumph. Ke-
fore writing this letter the Pope had all the
articles read to him and he also made a re-
view of the records of the Vatican press de-
partment. The result of the latter action will
probably be that several newspapers will be
dropped from the list of journals authorized to
receive information from the Vatican. Tha
list certainly required some such examination,
for. according to all reports, it contained some
queer entries.

There is some reason to believe that the
Pope contemplates making a public declara-
tion of his attitude toward the war. This
wi!l probably take the form of an authorized
statement in the Osservatore Romano,

It is noteworthy, by the way, thatthe Vatican
organs recently ceased all reference to the
war. The Osservatore Romano, with touching
self-denial, has not made one appeal recently
to the powers of Europe to intervene, nor has

| it published a word about the relief of Kim-

berley and Ladysmith or the surrender of
Cronje.

JOUBERT’S WITHDRAWAI!,

Dutch Newspaper at Cape Town Says That
It Began on Feb, 25.
Sprcial Cable Despatch to THE Sew,

Carr Towns, March 3,—The Ons Land, the
Dutch newapaper, states that Gen. Joubert
began the withdrawal of the Boer forces op-
posing Gen. Buller on Feb, 25,

He left a foree at Grobler’s Kloof to give the
impression that the relief of Ladysmith would
still be obstinatoly resisted. The siege was
wholly strategical, the paper eta'es, and it had
to be raised on account of the conditions on
tho western border.

Heneeforth, the Ons Land says, the Republl-
ean forces will act solely on the defensive.

GEN.

These various features of the situation,which | PROMOTION FOR LIEUT,-GEN. WHITE,

fe unquestionably more critical than any other
in the world's recent history, are engrossing
the attention of not only statesmen and diplo-
matiste but of all intelligent classes, Finan-
celal and commercial circles are candidly
anxious, and the failure of the complete rever-

To Be Made a General This Week—Buller’s
Promotion to Come Later,
Special Oable Despatch to Tan Sun.
Lonpon, March 4.—Lloydsa's Weekly states
that Lieut.-Gen. White, the commander at
Lady«mith, will be promoted to be a General
andthat the appolntment will be gazetted next

ra! of the military situation in South Africa to | week, Lord Dundonald will obtain a junior

improve the stock market is perhaps the
most convineing danger signal of all. The
Government's decision to bring up the budget
a month before tho end of the financial year
isa thing unprecedented and adds to the un-
easiness. Nothing, however, has so mugh dis-
turbed the public confidence as the appeals for
man at home and in the colonies, including the
Queen’s personal call to the colors,

The Boer situation, considered by itself, is
much simplified, Half of the Orange Free
Btato will probably be in undisputed

step on the grade to Major-General,

The service regulations prevent the imme-
diate promotion of Gen, Buller, but his work
will be recognized at no distant date.

AUSTRALIA OFFERS MORE TROOPS,

 

Premiers Send Favorable Answers to Mr.
Chamberlain's Request.
Special Cable Despatch lo Tur BuN,
Sypney, N.S.W., March 3.—The Premier,
Mr. W. J. Lyne, communicated Colonial Secre-
tary Chamberlain’s request for additional
troops tothe other Australian eolonies. He
has received replies from all of the Prime

possession of the British within a few | Ministers, in which they offer heartily to co-

days, and the other Boer Jines will
be withdrawn from British territory, ex-
cept northern Natal. The progress of the
British invasion thereafter will be slow or
rapid according to the skill and courage of the
outnumbered federal forces.

It is fondly hoped in London to-day that the
object of President Kriger’s visit to President
Bteyn is to consult on the question of suing for
peace, There is not asingle fact, beyond the
recent Boer reverses, which have been over-
whelming, on which to base suchahope. In
fact it is Ineonsistent with all the Boer de-
clarations and thelr behavior during the
war. There {s not the least doubt that
the British Government would
welcome peace overtures at the present
moment, and, while Insisting on a
relinquishment of Boer independence, would
grant most liberal terms of autonomy, &c., in
order that England might be left free to deal
with the forefgn complications which threaten
her. Slow, dogged Boor resistance, whioh
would require all the preseat British force
in South Africa for another six months, would
be regarded by Great Britain as a calamity
to be eacaped at any reasonable cost.

Dr. Levds, in aletter written to afriend in
London before the relief of Ladysmith, sald it

was false that the two republics had made any
overtures for peace, directly or indirectly to
England or any other power, They are sti!)
wilting for England to give some sign of a will-
ingress to discuss honorable terms of peace,

and the republican Governments will not be |

slow to respond.

1 ve heights of Park Fill-on-the-Hudson, crowned
with lovely homes, command a view of the entire
me's from the Statue of Liberty to the Tappen Zee,

 

operate with the Imperial Gevernment.

It is Mr. Lyne’a proposition that the volonies
shal! defray ail the expenses of arming, equip-
ping and transporting the extra troops.

BULLER’S REPLY TO THE QUEEN,

Says His Troops Have Been Inspired by Her
Sympathy,
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sun,

Lonpoy, March 3.—Replying to the Queen's
message of congratulation on the relief of
Ladysmith, Gen. Buller cables as follows:

“The troops have much appreciated your
Majesty’skind telegram. Your Majesty cannot
know how much your sympathy has helped to
inspire them,”

THREE BRITISH

 

OFFICERS ESCAPE,

 

gladly | elude Their Pretoria Jailers When the City

Lights Go Out.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sry,

Lonenzo Marques, March 2.~The Standard
and Diggers’ News of Johannesburg states that
three British oficers—Haldane, Mesurier and
Brockie—escaped from Pretoria last Monday
during the confusion which followed the cut-
ting off of the electric lahts.

 

SKIRMISH NV¥AR BESTER’s

 

Natal Police Said to Have Met Boers South
of Ladysmith on Thursday,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sen,

Cotexso, March 2.—The Natal police came

in contact with the Boers at Beaster’s yes-
terday. The British losses wero trifling.

 

MAFEKING NOT RELIEVED,

 

Dr. Leyds Denies Responsibility for the
Brussels Rumor.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Bruasris, March 3.—Dr. Leyds, the Trans-
vaal Agent, authorizes @ denia! of the state-
ment attributed tu him last night that Mafeking
had been relieved.

“NEW YORK, SU

NDAY,

cn es ts sit ne sess Sse

= a ne

SAYS KIVLING LID A MOB,

“South African News’’ Accuses Him of Stir-
ring Up Troublo at Cape Town,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun,

Cape Town, March 3.--Thea Volkstam, the
official organ of the Transvaal Government at
Tretoria, states that the Boers consume large
quantities of diluted vinegar in order to over-
come the lasaitude caused by the fumes from
the lyadite shells.

The South African News aceuses Rudyard
Kipling of leading 1 mob of Invaders into the
Parliament House at Cane Town. The paper
apparently bases this statement on the ground
that Kipling’s poetry is consistent with such
eonduct,

KRUGER AND STEYN CONFERRING,

Report That the Transvaal President Has
Gone to the Orange Free State.
Special Cable Despate’ to Tar Sux.
Lownpon, March 3.—There is an unconfirmed
report from Lorenzo Marques that President
Kriger has gone to the Orange Free State to
consult with President Steyn, .

SILVER DOLLAR FOR LOUBET,

 

 

First of the Lafayette Coins Presented to
the French Prestdent.
Special Cable leapatcé 'o Tak Bun,

Paris, Mareh 3.—The ceremony of present-
ing the first of the Lafayette dollars coined by
the United States to President Loubet took
place this morning. Gen. Horace Porter, the
American Ambassador, accompanied Mr. F. J,
Thompson, the Secretary of the Lafayette
Monument Association, to the Elysée, and Mr.
Thompson presented the souvenir dollar to
the President.

These coins are to be sold for double their face
value and the surplus is to be spent In erecting
on American statue to Lafayette in Paris, Mr,
Thowpson acted as the envoy of President
McKinley in making the presentation to Presi-
dent Loubet.

After receiving the souvenir President
Loubet said he was deeply moved by the action
of the American President and people. He
requested Mr. Thompson to convey his hearty
thanks to President McKinley and also to ex-
press the sincere regard felt by himself and
the French Government toward the American
people and their Chief Executive.

He added that he wus glad to receive the
souvenir as a token of the bonds of esteem and
friendship which had so long united France
and the United States, and which he hoped to
see become closer,

Replying to President Loubet’s speech Mr.
Thompson said he hoped the medal! would re-
main an emblem of the friendship that united
the two great republics of the world

At the conclusion ofthe ceremony Ambassa- |

dor Porter, M. Deicased, the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and Mr. Thompson took
luncheon with President Loubet,

WAR MAF FOLLOW GOLD FINDS,

 

 

Italy and Abyssinia May Clash Over the
Possession of Erythrea.
Special Cable Derpaich to Tuk Sux,

Lonpon, March 3.—There is a man in Lon-
don who says he is the representative of lig,
the clever Swiss, who for several years has
been the virtual Prime Minister of Abyssinia,
He alleges that he is authorized to sel! conces-
sions for gold mining in the vast tracts of au-
riferowg land in Abyssinia, but upon investi-
gation these lands prove to be well within the
frontier of the Italian colony of Erythrea.
#0 (HE voncession-monger has not made
much progress. His presence and mission,
however, have an ugly look, King Menelek 11,
has been acting in a suspicious manuer \ately,
and opinion is divided as to whether he seeks
a quarre! with England orltaly. It now looks
aa if the latter was the correct hypothesis,

Letters received in Rome this week from
Maseowah state that the discoveries of gold-
bearing reefs in Erythrea become daily more
sensational as the assays are taken, The reefs
in the Asmara district have shown results ex-
coeding the most sanguine expectations, and
the interested men declare that Asmara will
beat the South African Kand in both quantity
and quality.

King Menelek ia reported, on what appears
to be good author'ity, to have claimed the whole
auriferous region of Erythrea as Abyssinian
territory and has emphatically declined to
agreeto any frontier delimitation which does
not recognize this claim. Speculatora will do
well to let King Menelek and King Humbert
settle their little diMeulty before putting any
money into Italian or Abyssinian gold mines
If the gold-finds should prove as extensive as
reported, it is quite conceivable that Italy
might consider them worth fighting for

 

ROYAL EX?LORER'S FATE.

 

Some Anxiety Regarding King Humbert's
Nephew Who ls in the Polar Regions.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Bus,

Rome, March 3.—Some anaiety has been felt
regarding the fate of the young Duke of the
Abruzzi, who started last summer in the
steamer Polar Star on an expedition for the
North Pole. King Humbert, uncle of the ex-
rlorer, recently wrote to Nansen, who replied
that he will take another expedition in search
of the Pole this season, and will make it his
business to find the Polar Star. He hus not the
least doubt of the safety and suceess of the
Duke, whose expedition was the finest equipped
for the work that ever set forth.

LILLIAN BUTTS WEDS A NEGRO,

Daughter of a Minnesota Lamber Million-
aire Elopes--Her Arrest.

Cutcaco, March 3.—Miss Lillian Butts,
daughter of a retired millionaire lumber-
man of Btillwater, Minn, was married
to-day to Albert 8. Franklin, a negro
with whom she eloped from Minneapolis a
week ago.
26 years old. She was educated abroad and
is said to be an excellent pianist.
She came to Chicago with Franklin, who ts
three years her junior, a week ago and
the pair were arrested in a room
in the Warwick Hotel on Clark street,
on telegraphic instructions from the
Chief of Police of Minneapolis, They engaged
a colored lawyer, who procured their release
to-day on a writ of habeas corpus granted by
Judge Kavanaugh. They were driven at once
to the home of the Rev. KR. C. Ranson, pastor of
Bethe! Church (colored), and marriea.

Shortly after they were married Inspector of
Police Thomas Murphy of Minneapolis reached

loral Police Headquarters with a warrant tor
the arrest of the woman on oharges of larceny
and forgery.

According to the warrants, Miss Butts stole
$16 from a business man of Minne-
npolia and forged the rames of — sev.
eral well-known men of that city to checks
op which she reatized a total of $300.
With the money she bought clothes for tie
negro, She alan powees i welry given to her
by ber parents, valued at $250, it is said.

Papera ackiag extradition are on the way
from the Governor of Minnesota. The father
of the young woman is sald to be at death's
dee and the mother is also in a serious con-

tion,

eemanehentetnenigueremmeninn
Bundesrath Owners to Ask $200,000
Damages,

Speeial Cable DeavatcA to Tae Bon,

Paris, March 3.—The German steamship
Bundesrath, whieh was seized by a British
warship {n South African waters and after-
ward released, arrived at Marseilles yesterday,

It is stated that the owners of the veasel will
putinaclaim to the British Government for
#AU,000 damages.

 

Golf, Hunting, Fishing at Tampa Bay

4 Florida West Coast Hotels. Throngh train sex
Piant system, 200 Broadway, N, tape

 

Mrs. Franklin is handsome and |

|

|
|
|
|

} Cunarder and she weighed anchor an!
in i

LINERS AGROUND AND OFF,

PENNSYLVANIA ONE SIDE THE CHAN-
NEI, LA NORMANDIE VOTHER-

 

Rotterdam Steams Out Between Them,
Lucania, Coming In, Halts, Not Liking
the Kink -Late in the Day Both Grounded
Boats Fioat, and the Frenchman Sails,

The colossal Hamturg-Amertean liner Penu-
sylvania, which, because of her great draught
of thirty feet or more, always sails on flood
tide so that she may have plenty of water un-
der her crossing the bar, found the high tide
several feet below its normal height yes-
terday morning. The strong, persistent
northwesterly winds had lashed down
the waters nearly two feet, Through
a miscalculation of the pilot, or the offect of the
high wind on the enormous freeboard of the
big ship, or perhaps bothithe Pennsylvania
took ground on the south side of Gedney's
chanuel, She tried vainly to back off and then
she set two black spheres in her rigging, indi-
cating tovther craft that she was “not under
control.” and that they should keep out of her
way as she couldn't keep out of theirs.

About an hour later the French liner La Nor-
manidie, bound for Havre, came ulong, She
went to the north of the Pennsylvania, her
pilot being extremely careful toclear the Ham-
burg ship. He went somewhat too fur to the

| northward and shoved the Normanudie’s nose

ate the sand, She also hoisted two black
balls,

Between her stern and that of the grounded
Hamburg giantess there was hardly enough
room for two big ships to poss abreast, and the

pilotof the Holland-America steamship Rot-

terdam. bound for Plymouth, Boulogne and
Rotterdam, steered her cautiously to get
through,

Tugs were senttothe grounded liners and
puffed and strained at them without result.

At about 5:40 o'clock the Cunarder Lucania,
from Liverpool and Queenstown, hove in sight
off the Hook, The unusual spectacle of two big
liners in the fairway, aground, startled her
pilotand Capt. McKay. The latter signalled to
the Hook, forthe information of bis agents,
“Channel appears dangerous," and dropped
anchor

At 5.55, or just when the sun went down,
La Normandie, with the help of the steam
pilot boat New York and several wrecking
tuga, backed out of the sand and proceeded to
sea, That left lots of sen room for the
came
o harbor, reaching Quarantine at 7:40, She
stayed there forthe night

The tide was rising and when, at ):08, it wos
alinost at the top ot the food, the Penunsyl-
vania, he!ped by a little fleet of powerful tugs,
tlso slid into deep water. Her black balls
came down and she put upher steaming lights
After @ few minutes’ hesitation she headed
Lack for the Jowerbay and anchored at the
Junction of the Swash and Ship channels Itis
likely that her commander, Capt, Spliedt, de-
Sires tu make athorough examination of her
fo pee that she is not damaged before pro-
ceeeding

The Bristol line freighter Wells City, bound
out, Was agrouud in the swash Channel yester-
day afternoon, She got off as the tide rose
and went on her way,

 

THE POLICK LOUKING FOR HIM,

Operations of One W. A. Thompson in
Poughkeepsie Hefore He Fled the City.

Povcunerpstg, Mareh 3.- The police of the
large cities have been requested to keep a
lookout for W, A. Thompson, whose operations
in Poughkeepsie have brought him to the at-
tention of the authorities, Thompson came
here a few weeks ago and introduced himself
as an agent for Houghton, Mifflin & Co, the
New York publishing house. His business was
to provide libraries for citizens substartial
enough to deal in books by the wholesale,
As he dressed weil, was educated and was
portly and hands he had no trouble
in makiug acquaintances, and was 800n 4 con.
spieuous gure inthe social swim. He paid
much attention to a young woman, who re-
ceived his addresses with favor and was finally
persuaded to engage herself to him. Yester.
day Thompson tried to pass a check on H, J.
Freneh, atailor, which had been ralsed from
$1.04 to $40, The check was made out by C, EF.
Lambert of New York on the Lincoln National
Bank. Mr. French stepped out to see if the
check was all right, and during bis absence
Tho:ipsen took alarm and left the store. He
went to the dental offlee of Dr. Ryder and asked

him to loan him hisdress suit ease. The Dov.
tor left the room to get the case, and Thomp-
son utilized the opportunity to steal $70 from
the purse of one of the Doctor's patients, whieh
fayon atable in the offlee. He left hurriedly
and took a train for Albany.”

Thompson remained at Keeler’s hotel in Al-
bany last night aod while there wrote a letter
to his flancée in Poughkeepsie in which he
called her hia “baby,” spoke affectionately of
their coming union a month henee, and asked
her to be sure and have the persons who were
to stand up with them wel! drilled, so that the
event would go off smoothly. After reading
Thompson's letter the young Woinan was
amazed to receive a call from Chief of Police
MeCabe, who informed her that Thompson was
ascoundrel and he had a wife at 1} Rast L21et
etreet, New York, whose fortunes of $100,000
he had squandered, Thompson is said to be
wanted in New York and New Brunswick for
forgery. Ile is believed to be in Buffalo,

me,

BLOW AT ITALIAN BANKERS HERE,

Bank of Naples Proposes to Establish
Branch Banks on This Side,

The Italian bankers of this city are up in
arms aguinst a bill which they say is now pend-
ing before the Italian Parliament, which au-
thorizes the Bank of Naples toestablish branch
banksin this country, The bankers say that
something like $25,000,000 a year is sent to
Italy by the Italians of this country, and that
almost all ofthis money is handled by banks
inthis city. The percentage that goes to the
bankers here is very small, they say, but never-
theless the Italian Government covets it and
means to get it if it ean.

The bill now before Parliament, an Italian
banker said yesterday, appropriates two mil-
lion lire for the purpose of establishing
branches of the Bank of Naples in the United
States, and specifies that money orders pur-
chased through its branches in this country
areto be sold to Italians in this country, at
halfthe price that they now cost, This will
make it impossible forthe American bankers
tocompete with the Bank of Naples, accord-
ing to the local itallan bankers

“The taxes in Italy are so large, andthe
bleediug of the peasantry goes on 80 remorse-
josaly, “saidan Italian banker of this city yes-
terday, “that the Italianain this country send
home to thelr people every dollar that they can
poset! spare of their savings. Ttallau Jabor
nthe United States, according to the beat in-
formation obtainable, sends home $25,000,000
annually, and leaves here on an average $2,-
000,000 a year, What little business the bank-
era in this country wet out of the Italians, the
home Government is now trying totake away.
The bill now before Parliament !s sure to pass
and the only way that the greed of the Italian
Government can be stopped is by the American
Government refusing to license the branches
of the Bank of Naples that it is proposed to ws-
tablish in this country.”

TWO COPS HURT BY RUNAWAY HORSE,

 

 

Both Tried to Stop the Animal, Which Was
Tearing Down Fifth Avenue,

A horae attached to a hansom cab standing
atthe Madison Square cab stand at Twenty-
sixth atreet took fright yesterday morning and
rondown Fifth avenue. Before it had gone a
dozen yarda Policeman George Rose of the
Lieyele squad juinped for the bridle, but
missed it and fell heavily to the pavement
North of Dewey Arch Policeman George
Lavery of the Weet Thirtieth street station

grasped the runaway’s bridle, but was shaken
off and thrown to the ground. The cat ran
over him. A short distance further down
Fi th avenue the cab's wheels became locked
in the wheels of another cab standing at the
curb line opposite T'wenty-tfth street and this
brought the runaway to a standstill,

Polleeman Ross and Lavery were taken to the
West Thirtieth street station ina patrol wagun,
where their pruugen were dressed by Dr, Nes-
hitt of the New York Hospital, Both men suf-
feced from contusions and Lavery'’s back waa
injured, They were placed on the siek jist.

Charles Murphy. the driver of the horse that
ran away, was standing on the sijewaik when
the animal started. The police arrested him
for not showing proper vigilance,

= - : —_—_— = 1 :
MARCH 4, 1900,.-COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING

 

Vit IN MADIBON AVENU?,

 

Asphalt Pavement Only a Crust Over a
Hole Ten Feet Deep.

Acivilian called the attention of Policeman
Frahn of the West Thirtieth street station
yesterday afternoon to a erack in the as-
phalt roadway midway of the four cor-
hers at Madison avenue and Twenty-
sixth street. Frahm went over to ox-
aming the crack and jammed his heel
down hard init, The pavement gave way and
Frahm thought his day was over. Ono of his
legs shot down into the aby#s, which seemed
to have no bottom, The policeman gavea yell
of alarm, fell over on hie side on the aspialt
and, dragging his leg from the hole, crept out
of dunger

His mishap brought adozen curious spee-
tators to the spot tosee torthemselves what
had happened. When Frahm recovered his
composure he waved the curious oles away
4nd tiptoed upto the hole to see how deep it
was. Hecoullin'tsee any bottom and he went
away and reported his discovery tothe Ten-
derloin police.

The police notified the Department of High-
waysand Police Capain Thomas detafled one
of his inen to watch the cave-in, The city's
workmen appeared at 4 o'clock, and they ex-
amined the excavation carefully. The hole
was enlarged suMcently to let a man's body
through. One of the men descended into the
bole and found that for a cirentar space
of about twenty-five feet the — earth
ado been = washed away, leaving only
the asphalt covering. The hole was
2 feet deep. A sewer main had burst and
cuused the wash out. Men from the Depart-
ment of Highways willl repair the damage to-
ay

The police watched the eave-in until So'elock
last night, when a watchman reli ved them,
Benches from Madison Square Park were set
around the treacherous roadway and red lights
hung thereto to warn drivers, bicyclists and
pedestrauins,

MADE HER APPEAR IN

Answer of Mrs, Peter Sells to Her Hus-
band's Petition for Divorce.

CoLumBvs, Ohio, March 4.—Mrs. Peter Sells,
wife of the showman, has filed her answer
to his divorcee petition She makes the
allegations that immediately after their
marriage her husband compelled her to train
as @ horseback rider against her protests,

Wt8 CIRCUS

 

and become the associate of persons
connected with the circus of dis-
solute habits, of depraved moral and

otherwise of low character und unsavory repu-

tation; that the roommate and immediate
associate and companion assigned to
Le by her husband was a woman
of notoriously immora) life; that the

dressing roou: gave no privacy for changing
costumes; the curtain between the women's
and me's rooms heing frequently raised for
coarse and immodest purposes, She also
charges him with having been intimate
with women associated with the circus and
residents of cities where the clreus showed,
and charges bim with extreme cruelty forcom-
elling her to live the life of a hireling and do-
ion her personal violence. The evidence for
the answer was largely collected in Kunsas
City, St. Louis and Chattanooga.

BERTH A WERNKEN TO SELK DIVORCE,

She Was Duped Into Marriage by a Bogus
Naval Officer,

Cincinnati, March %.~Bertha C. Wernken
of Colerain avenue, Cumminsville, asuburb of
Cincinnati, who was duped into marriage in
New Orleans by Julius C. Moyes, who. imper-
sonated the Captain of the battleship Texas,
will come to Cincinnati and institite a suit for
divorcee, The victim of the impostor prior to
her trip to New Orleans was employed as sales-

women {na large Cincinnati department store.
Alexander Aronson, her brother-in jaw, re-
sides in Dayton and has a haif-interest in the
National Sign Manufactory The factory
turned outa jarge number of souvenirs to be
sold during the Mardi Gras Carnival Mr
Aronson came to Cincinnatiand employed his
sister-in-law to sell souvenirs in the lobby of

the St. Charles Hote! in New Orleans, While
there she met Moves and after consulting her
sister and brother-in-law accepted him aud

the marriage was celebrated,
Jackson, Miss., Maren 3
bogus “Capt. Clarke,” arrested in New Or-
leans just after having married Miss Bertha
Wernken of Cineinnatl, trieta simiar game
here two years ago with Miss Etta Sanus of
§t Louis. She came here to marry him, think-
ing him to be Lieutenant in the Second Miss-

Julius Moyse,the

 

issippi. but found hima private She was

reseued by the police of Jackson and her

brother, who arrived in the nick of time,
DB. MILL AV KANSAS CI1Y,

Where, If He Chooses, He May Renew His
Fight Against the Chicago Platform.
The Hon. John Whalen, Corporation Counsel,
returned from Albany yesterday, where he had

had a little talk with ex-Senator David B,
Hill. Mr. Whalen confirmed THe Svus's
statemest that Mr. Hill is to bo one

of the four delegates-at-large to the Demo-
eratic National Convention in Kansas City

on July 4. Of course the Hon. Richard Croker
will be another one if he returns to this eoun-
try in time, The Hon. Hugh MeLaughiin of
Brooklyn can be another if he eo desires, but
it has been stated anumber of times that he
does not wish to attend the convention because
of his health. Just who will be the fourth dele-
fate-at large isstillinthe air. The friends of
the Hon, Iatward Murphy, Jr. say that he
should be the man. His political adversaries
in Rensselaer county declare that they will do
everything to defeat Mr. Murphy for this place,

At Chicago in 184) Mr. Hill as & member of
the Conimittee on Resolutions combated all
one night the wing of the Democratic party
represented by Bryan and Jobu P. Altgeld an i
James Jones, and “Pitchfork” ‘Tillman,
which was rampant for free silverat ito 1,
the income tax c'ause and the attack on the
Supreme Court of the United States. Every
effort will be made to have Mr. Hill stand up
anddo the same work at Kansas City atthe
forthcoming convention,

$185,000 BLAZE,

Part of the Hay-Budden Anvil Factory in
Greenpoint Destroyed,

A hot fire swept away within a very short
time last nighta very larce part of the Hay-
Budden Manufacturing Company's anvil plant
at Norman avenue and North Henry street,
Greenpoint. Tho plant extends from Norman
to Meserole avenue and from North Henry to
Monitor street. Among the buildings were
one, 860x200, and another, 409x100, Each was
one-and-a-half stories in height. In each was
valuable machinery, Last week nine new trip
hammers, valued at $14,000, were putin, The
plant was operated day and night with the ex-
ception of Saturday night and Sunday, One
hundred and fifty men were employed in the
works

fhree alarms brought all the fire anpa-
ratus for several miles and also two fire-
boats. On account of the dryness of the tim-
bers the fire burned flercely and illuminated
the sky for miles around. The flremen kept
the fire confined to the two buildings described
above Mr. Budden placed the company’s loas
on buildings at $110,000 and on machiner
$75,000, Tt Is not known how the fire started.

SPECIAL

FRANCHISE TAX,

It May Amount This Year to 2,500,000 in
This City and $4,000,000 in the State.

ALBANY, March 3.~A conservative caleula-

tion would Indicate that the extra tax to be as- |

sessed against the several hundred corpora-
tions in New York under the special tax of last
year will ralse $2,500,000, while in the State
the total amount this year ratsed will aggre
gate about $4,000,000, In two or three years
after the Stare Tax Commission's corps of ex-
perts has galned the thorough information
necessary in Valuing those special franchiaes,
an after all question® raised by the corpora-
tions regarding such Valuations for the frat
ear have been adjudicated by the courts, it is
élieved that the
vroximate that received under the liquor tix
aw, which last year amounted to $12,000,000

Paltbearers Had to Dig the Grave.

Reapina, Pa, March 3.—The funeral of
James Buchanan took place this afternoon at
Kummit Hill, When the procesgion arrived at
the cemetery the grave had not been dug. The
pallbearers threw off their eoata, uug the |
frave. whilethe mourners waited, and in al

our's time the remains were buried |

 

Fast Service to Detroit.
The New York Central's” eaves
New York at 4.00 P. M. orp aan een \ ne
eacess fare. Lluminated by Pintech Light.- 446

ASSOCIATION. —TilIRTY PAGES.

revenue from the law will ap- |

 

Teen ee en ne setienneenelll

Far to-day; probably rain or snow to-morrow,

—
PRICE FIVE CENTS.

—_—_—_—

 

IT’S ROOSEVELT, PLAT TWINKS, (; I KAT NIGHT FOR ONTO.

Bia Renomination Apparently a Foregone
Conclusion—Curtailing Legislation,
Senator Platt and Chairman Odell of the
Republican State Committee had a conference
atthe Fifth Avenue Hotel last night, Previous

to that Senator Mlatt said

“T think that the renomination of Gov
Roosevelt as the Republenan candidate for
governor next fall is a foregone concluaton,
Of course unexpected contingencies some-
times arise which change plans that have been

most carefully arranged, Still, sueh a con-
tingency seems quite improbable at this
time.”

Senator Platt and Chairman Odell in their
talk discussed legislative matters at Albany.
The impression seemed to be that notwith-
standing recent talk tothe contrary the Legis.
lature will be ready to adjourn either on March
23oron April. Still it was announced that
al] legisiation necessary will be carried
through. There ia a disposition to curtail leg-
{slation as much as possible, and only bills that
are positively necessary for economical and
local interesta and those which will redound to
the credit cf the Repubtiean party will receive
serious attention at Albany.

 

SHERIFF KILLED BY INSANF MAN,

 

Temporary Inmate of an Alabawa
Also Murders a Fellow Prisoner,

Crantor, Ala, March 3.—A lunatic killed
Sheriff Kooley of this county and a negro in-
mate of the jail here this evening and escaped
to the swamp not/araway, Posses with blood-
hounds are searching for him but he has
evaded them sofar. The insane man's name
is Ben Campbell. He is about twenty-five
years old and lives with his family in the north-
| western part of the county. He had been
showing symptoms of insanity for some time
and a few days ago without reason attempted
to kill his wife. His” relatives yesterday
brought him tothe jail here for safe keeping
untilthe papers necessary for his committal
to the insane asylum could be secured.
| ‘There are two apartments in the jail, one for
whites and one tor negroes, and there {4 a hall-

way between them, There was only one
prisoner in jail, a negro, Beu Rivers, charged
with having stolen $1.25, and in order
to economize fuel the jailer left) the

partition doors unlocked so that themen might
have the same stove,

While the negro was sleeping Campbell
| elipped up and killed him witha club and lay
| in wait forthe jailer, &heriff Kooley appeared
at the door about daylight, bringing food for
| the prisoners, and as he opened the door
Campbell struck him down, then crushed his
skull and fled,

 

RAIDS ON CITY TREASURY,
Comptroller Coler Prowilses to Give Specific
Facts This Week,

It became Known yeaterday that as a sequel
tothe remarks made on Friday evening by
Comptroller Coler at the Broadway Merchants’

| Association dinner in Williamsburg, in which
he said that “some of the most daring raids on
the city treasury have been made, which make
Tweed's efforts seem like those of an ama-
teur,” a statement would be {ssued by the
Finance Department this week, possibly to-
| morrow, in which some details of the “daring
| raids" wou d be given :
} Mr. Coler said yesterday in his offlea that he
| meant every word of what he said at the dinner
and that the conditions were such as to call for
the most careful consideration by all citizens,
, In the statement to be issued this week
{ specifie facts will be given in regard tothe
attackson the eity's stronabox, which, in the
opinion of Mr. Coler’s friends, will justify all of
the strong words which he used.

 

OCCUPATION OF RIO BRANCA,

Brazil Objects to the Award Which Gave
Great Britain the Territory,

The circumstances of the oceupation of Rio
Branea, Brazil, by armed British forces and the
| hoisting there of the British flag, which reports
| yesterday said had aroused the Brazilian Gov-
ernment are, these

Rio Branca ia in Paron, the Amazon River
bordering on the Guiana territory which was so
| long a bone of contention between Venezuela
| and Great Lritain. By the decision recently
rendered by the arbitration tribunal in. Paris
this land was ceded to Great Britain, although
it was never @ factor in the controversy and
| was always considered Brazilian territory, The
| Government at fio de Janeiro has entered a
vigorous protest againat what it terms an un-

ust award. Until this protest is considerad

owever, and some decision is rendered on the
question, the oecupation of Kio Branca by
Great Britain must ba borne by the Braziliana,
who are much excited over whatthey believe is
An aggressive move on the part of the English.

PUERTO RICO APPROVES,
Ask Immediate Passnge of the Bill to
Spend Duties in the Island,

Wasninoton, March 3.—The President of
the San Juan Chamber of Commerce to-day
sent the following ecablegram to the Puerto
Rico delegation here regarding the passnge by
the House of the bill appropriating the
$2,000,000 of duties collected on Puerto Rico

roducts since its acquisition, for the use and

enefit of the island:

“Our congratulations,
immediate approval.”

Island relies on its

 

MONTREAL STUDENTS QUIET,

Police and Militia in Readiness to Stop
Riots, but None Occurred Yesterday,

MonTREAL, Quebec, March 3.—Tho riota ba-
tween the French and English students, which

have caused great excitement in Montreal for
several days, are apparentiy at an end. The
police and militia were held in readiness to-
day to cope with any trouble, but beyond a few
street fights there was no trouble.

 

 

Admiral and Mra. Dewey at Lakewood.

Lakewoop, N. J, March 3.—Admiral and
Mra, George Dewey arrived from Washington
on the 2:55 train this afternoon and found
awalting them at the station a great crowd
anxious to see and shake hands with the Ad-
miral, Nathan Straus and J. Marion Pollock
| met the party as they stepped from the parlor
ear, and after some delay, got their distin-
guished guests through the admiring crowd
and escorted them In a private carriage to the
Lakewood Hotel where they will stay. The
party includes the Admiral’s Chinese valet
who was brought from Manila,
Dewey's 'tnaid,

‘The suite assigned to the Dewey's consists
of seven rooms including @ parlor a dining
roomandalibrary, Mrs, Dewey has had a
sore throat for some time and she and her
| hushand became convinced that a cure could
be effected at Lakewood,

and Mrs.

 

To Preserve the Gigantic Redwood Trees.

| WasHINGTon, March 3.—Auong the miacel-

laneous business transacted in the Honse to-
day by unanimous consent was the passage of
a joint resolution authorizing the aoquialtion
of a tract of land in California on which stands
the finest specimens of the gigantic redwood

trees now in existence, ultimately to be made |

into a public park,

 

Shot a Preacher in a Quarre).

CuaTtaxooga, Tenn,, March 3—Tha Rey.
GW. Canney oft Fentress county, Tenn., was
shot and killed to-day by Henry Mood. Both
were young men and were engaged in getting
| cutlogs fora sawmill, A dispute arose ar to
ownership of some logs, ood went to hia |

home, procured a rifle, returned and shot (an- |

ney through the body, Canney died ina few |
"

}
eee |
Bridegroom, 87; Bride, 57.

Tarrytows, N.Y, March 3,—Benjamin D
Hanley of Mount Kisco took a bride thia week

for the third time, and he ia now 87 ‘
The bride, Mrs. Phaabe C Palmer, is -" dead

Kr. aw.
EK&W. DRESS SHIRTS. ,B & W,
Linen of apecial weave.-| Ade

 

 

|
alin AND GOVERNOK 1388
|

| greeted by President McKinley,

| ing her wayt

 

 

GUESTS OF HER SONS,

 

The President Declares That There Can Be
No Imperialism—Also That We Are
Neither Alliance Nor Antagoniam
With Any Foreign Power—His Speech
Vociferousty Cheered — Gov. Roosevelt,
Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff and Others Spoke.

Ohio celebrated herself at the Waldorf- Age
tor'a last night, Four hundred and fifty aturdye
volced Buckeyes stood up and shouted her
praises while the President of the United
States, himself one of her sons, smiled his ape
proval, The Governor of Ohio waa there, toa,
and one of her Senators; and no less than three
Vice-Presidential possibilities bestdes the
Governor of New York, who has declined to be
considered in that connection, sat at the guest
table, while among the other diners ox-Mayor
Stroug represented the native-born of the hone
ored tate

Nor was Ohio represented by her sons alone,
Every box in the two tiers that form the wide
horseshoe was crowded with her daughters,
andin the centre box sat Mrs. McKinley, wife
ofthe President and herself a native of hie
State. Her greeting from the diners was as
warmly enthusiastic as that given tothe Prese
ident, and twiee they rose and cheered the first
lady ofthe nation, It was a great night for
Ohio

Whenever it 1s possible President McKinley
has made it his praetice toattend the Ohio Boe
elety dinner in this city, but this year he came
with the understanding that he was
not to be called upon for a formal speech,
The committee would not let him
off entirely however, so he agreed to speak
briefly. Short as was his contribution to the
evening s oratory, it was in no sense & pere
functory utterance of his satisfaction at meet
ing again the Ohio society,

PRESIDENT TOUCHES ON GREAT I88URE8,

On the contrary it concerned itself pithily
and forcibly with national issues and it te
doubtful if the President ever made aa
address in this city that was more
thoroughly effective, At the first his re-
marks were so frequently punctoated with
| applause that his progress was jerky and une
| even, perforce. But when he came to speak
of the problems which this netion
is to-day facing. he spoke the
strained silence of utmost attention that was
more flattering than the loudest outbreaks
of cheering. It meant that every man

there was eagerly listening, to miss no word

 

scinieeaamaasepemmneaesrsenaeeaseiiciaagasiaae- cnt epeeiiilttiaietnapaiatiaaas tirana EEE aT

of what the speaker was saying, and
while he dealt with that subject the only
sound other than his volee was the
unconseious and half-whispered “That's
right” or “It's the truth” of some intent lise
tener. His manner was quiet and impressive,
but when he came to speak of imperialism his
volee rang full and clear in the words.

“There can be no imperialism |”

NO FOREIGN ENTANGLEMENT.

Another most {mportant declaration of
the President that was received with
pro‘onged cheering was when he sald with
significant emphasis: “We are neither in
alliance nor antagonism nor entanglement
with any foreign power, but on terms of amity
and cordiality with all.”

Then he went on to explaify that he and his
party are striving not for conquest but to
live up to the responsibilities in which this
nation has become involved, and the diners
came out from under the spell of silonce
and cheered till the walls tingled with the
sound. When he resumed his seat it was only
fora moment, forin the midst of the cheering
the orchestra struck up the “Star Spangled
Banner” and he rose and stood while, as a fit-
ting climax to his speech, the whole gathering
sung the anthem,

It was haif past 6 when the Prosident
arrived at the hotel, under eseort of @
committee of the Ohio Society. He was
taken to one of the rooms off the Astor
gallery, and there for half an hour helda
reception, all the guests who had arrived bee
ing presented to him. Secretary Bliss and
Senator Hanna were also stood up to have
their hands shaken, Then the diners marched
into the large banquet hall and stood at their
places until the President entered, when they
gave hima cheer

NOTABLE ARRAY OF GUESTS.

The room itself was entirely undecorated
except fora background of American flags bee
hind the guests’ table. with the coat of
arms of the United States flanked by
the insignia of Ohio and Now Yors. The
tables were handsomely decorated with
flowers. President MeKinley, as the guest of
honor was seated at the right of Milton
I, Southard, president of the society,
and at the President's left was Gov,
Roosevelt's chair, but he had not arrived
atthat time. Others at the gueste’ table were
Goy, Morton, Senator Stephen B, Elkins of Weete
Virginia. Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff,

|
|
the Hon. James H. Hoyt, Gen, H. C, Corbin,

 

H. Clay Evans. Charles Dick, John Bare
rett, ex-Minister to Siam,
K. iNash of Ohbto, Cornelius N. Bisa,
Senator Hanna, James E. Campbell,
John K, Richards, Addison Brown, George B,
Wilson, Gen. Wager Swayne, Gen. Thomas EL
Hubbard, representing the New England Sa
ciety ;the Rev. Edward H, Drans, representing
the Canadian Soclety; the Hon, James J.
O'Gorman, representing the Friendly Bons of
Bt. Petrick; Tunis G. Borgen, representing the
Holland Soctety; Julien T, Davies, represente
ing St. David's Society, and Henry kK. Towne,
representing the Pennsylvania Society.

GREAT NIGHT FOR OHIO,

The Rev. Mr, Kran said grace and the dim
ner began, As soon as they opened their mena
ecards the guests saw that all had been

| arranged with reference to the State of Ohlo,

The cover of the cards was of the true
buckeye brown, and on the fly-leaf was
an artistic representation of the bloom
ofthe tree, Then came a circle of vignettes of
the six Prosidents whom Ohlfo has gives
to the nation, President McKinley being
in the centre, and around all of them wreaths
of the buckeye. Two pages of quotations
from eminent Ohjoans or from outlanders
about Ohio and Ohloans followed. The quoe
tation from the guest of the evening was:
“Close the mint and open the mills,”

By the time the guests were fairly seated
the politically-minded ones were telling
each other that not only did the Ohio Soe
clety have the President, but it probably
hal among its guests the next Vice.
President as three of the most prominent cane
didates were at ita board; Lieut. Gov, Woods
ruff, ex-Necretary Liiss and Senator Elkins

Gov. George

of West Virginia, It was half past 8
o'clock when Gov, Roosevelt entered
and the diners at once got two
thelr feet and gavo im three rousing
cheers. Bowing as he walked he made his

way awiftly to his seat and was warmly
For half an
hour thereafter the dinner proceeded without
incident. Just after the orchestra had finished
some ladies in tho gallery began to applaud
and the diners, turning aroun! tosee what was
going on, sawa lady in bluish green oil mak-
the contre box directly opposite
the questa’ t!

M AINLEY WARMLY GREETED,

“It's Mra. MeKinloy.” called out somedody
acdinaninatantevery man on the floor was

wR

on hie feet and waving his napkin and
cheering To this greeting t Prosie
dent's wile bowed her soknowloliganente