and then waved) her hand = to her
husband who was lifting his a@luss
oher, Inthe box with her were Mrs, Abner

eKinley, Mins Mabel Mefiniey, Misa Barber,
Qeoree Bacher, William &. Hawk and De, BP
M.Kixey) Mra Timothy L Woodruff was ta

the adjoining box.

When the ices camo on there waa fa eere.

onial procession of the waiters around
the room, behind the guests’ talle and
out aga p, bearing aloft the ayinbolie moulds
There was George Washington baryingan per
ache hand In an oratorical bosom; there + aa
Aberty jn gorgeous stripes; there was the
American Eagle taunting itself with broad.

winge! flaunts: tnere were the Navy and
the Marine Service and the Infantry
and Cavelry and Arillery and many other

things magnificently and more or less allagori-
cally turnedout in gay design, During the
walk around the orchestra plaved “There'll Be
a Hot Time in the Old Town TPo-ntghr”
While tho guests were atill admiring the dis.
tributel moulds President Bouthard rapped
for order and said:

President's Soathard’s Address, |

“We weltome you all to this banquet, and, I |
trust that Lmay be permitted tosay, espect- |
ally the ladies, who have heen kind enough to
‘ome here to-night, We. are particularly |
honored in having with us the President of the
United States,” |

bp got every. man in the place and gave three |
eheers for the President.

“Weare proud to welcome him,” continued |
the toastmaster as soon a4 he could be heard,
“and our welcome is epontaneous and sincere
And we have with us, too, the first lady of the
jand”’—. This was an far ashe got, for nmin |
the dinera jumped to. their feet and, turning
squarely round aa ff the whole gathering
worked on a pivot, faced the box where Mra,
McKinley sat, and with waving napkins ronret |
out three more cheers, in reponse to which she |
emiled and bowed.

“We are partioalarly honored by her pres-
ence end our grateful esteem will always go
wit er.

“This is our fourteenth annual banquet, and

we have grown and prospered untll we
ra soopen to the charge of being
ownright exp nsionists.” He told of the

past glories, present achievements of the State
of Ohio, and conoludet “The first. thing
fn order is @ tonst—praceding that, [ ought
perhaps to say that the President has our |

romise that he shall not be called upon for a
formal apeech, LT propose a toast tothe Presi-
dent of the United States”

Again every man rose and gave three chaers

nd, atill atanding, drank with calls of “The |
President! the resident’ As they were |
seated ‘hey gave one roar of acclamation and
the President rose to speak:
The President's Speech.

“Mr. TOABTMASTER, AND (iENTLEMEN: I an-
prectate your weleome and thank you for this
Fenewed expression of your good will, It fa

roper that [{ should say that the Managing
Borrt of the Ohio Soclety has kept the promise
made to me that I would not be expected or
required to speak at this banquet, and because
ot nf promise I have made some preparas

|
1
\
{

tion. [Loud lauchter and cheers.) I shall not
be guilty of reflecting on their good faith or
breaking my own resolution not to speak, ff
indulge in some observations while express-
ing in the bri-feat manner the pleasure which
Thave in greeting my old frienisx of the Ohto
colony in New York Thare ‘4a hond of close
fellowship which unites Ohio people, Whither-
soever they journey or wherever they dwell,
they cherish the tenderest sentiment for their
mother State, and she, in turn, never fails of
affectionate interest in her widely seattered |
ehudren,

“The statement which has @o often heen
mate is not far from the truth: ‘Onee an
Ohioan, always an Ohioan.’ [thas been some
years since I was your guest, Much has hap-
pened in the meantime. We have had our
blessings and our hurdens and stil! have both.
We will soon have Jewisiative assurance of the |
contipuanes of the gold standar! (cheers with
whieh we measure our exchanges, and we have
the open door in the far Fast through which to
market our products.

  
 

, tory

{| mentioned

i will

| merce follows the flag. so will

’
left the settiementot the paradise she bad nere
created to the denizens of earh-the farmer,
the merchant aod the manulacturer, Eutrust-
ing tothelr care the binpire State, she then
turned her attention to Ohto and peopled it
with stateemen occusionaily Slater, a mer.
chant, a manufacturer, but mostly Presideats,”
Mr. Woodrall here passed to a consi teration
of the important part Sew York had played on
the creation wad development of the sate of
Ohio, HMesaidthat New York was the ftirar of
the Thirteen Colontes to cede to the general
Government her right, title and interest in the
Northwest Territory, of whieh Ohio was a
mart. This cession Was mate even two sears
be fore the close of the. War for Independence
and four years before Massachusetts coull be
indueed to relinquish her interest in this tere
ritory, New York again demonatrated ber
frientahip toward Ohio by being the frst
among the States to advocate her adinssie
into the Union in INO%. ‘The first spadetul of
earth on the Ohio Canal was turned by Gov
DeWitt Clinton of New York, Continuing, the

Lieutenant-Governor sald

onlo’s LUCKY BONS
“In view of the timely support which New

York has rendered in these threo instances, it

Isnot surprising that Ohio bas been able in

every National Republiean Convention, except

one, cinee the close of the Civil War, to pame aa
the candidate for President of the Un ted
tates a man born or living within her terrl-

Some men achieve greatness, some have

greatness thrust upon them, aoe) some are born

in Obto! a
“Tne people of the Flowery Kingdom express

the morning salutation ‘O-h-l-0.° Should not

then the n ighhoring inhabitants of the islands

 

 

‘or the Phtiipoing archipelago hail the protec.

tion of the flag of a nation whose lrestient
combines & suggestion of both the Flowery
and Celestial kingdoms in his home, Ohio and
Canton? AS Our ever-growing commerce
knoekas atthe door of the unlimited trade of
the Orient, may we not find an omen in the fact
that the Yankees of the haat greet one another
by the name of our President's native State?
Under the wise and progressive foreign poliey
now proclaimed and ragidiy expanding under
the master han! of our National Government
the day will soon dawn when itn place of the
formal greeting of ‘O-h-i-o.' the words ‘United
States of America’ will become the open ses-
ame throughout those lands whose peaceful
conquest we ehall yet achiave.”
Me. James H. Hoyt was the next apeaker.

James H, Hoyt's Speech,

Mr. Hoyt began by referring to the wonder-
ful developments in the nation's history that
had taken place in the last two years, ant he
some of the great names of men
who had been instrumental in bringing these
developments about=the Deweys, the Samp-
sons, the Mileses the Rooseve.ts and the Snaf-
ters, The achie ements of these men were
thrillingly spleidid and worthy of the great
repubile whose eauae ther renresentat; but,
sald Mr. Hogt, “what Tincoin was to Grant and
Sherman and Sheridas. to Parragut aad Foote,
McKinley has been to Miles a] Merritt and
Otis and Shatter, to Dewey and Sampson; and,
when one has sail this, one has exhausted all
eulogy and bankrupted ail applause,

“Under the bro ad and therefore expanding
and stimulating policy ofthia \dministration,’
continued the speaker, “what @ future la
spread out before ua; what great things may
the American people not accomplish, not ony
for themeeives, but for the cuuse of elviization
and progress? They will have an Army, nottoo
large, but large enough to insure order in
every inch of territory over which the Stars and
Stripes float, however distant, and to protect
our borders, however widely extended, from
foreign aggression, They will have a Navy
large cnongh and powerful enough to protect
an ever-expanding an ever-growing American
commerce, Under the stimulus of a wise
and equitable shipping law, this commerce
be carried in Amé in bottoms,
which will sall through an American eanal coa-
necting the Atlantic with the Vacifle
commerce in an ever-increasing and growing
volume will enter the doora of China, which
this Administration has opened, and, ag com-
justice and equal

 

 

 
 

NO ALLIANCE OR ANTAGONISM ABROAD ' rights and eulightenment and = progress
“We are noither in allianes nor antagon- | Hourish, Wherever that flag floats,
iam nor entanglement with any forsien MUST BE NO FALIERING,
power, bub on farinn of amity anit c ) “Last fall on che ateps ofthe Capito at Wash.

 

ity with all. (Loud cheers, We buy from allot
them and «e)! to all of them, end our sn ea
exceaded our purchases in the past two years
hy over $1,000,000,000, Markets have. been
increased and miortwawes have been reduced.
\Cheers and criea of Hear! Hear!) Interest
has fallen and wages have advancet. The
public debt is decreasing, The country is wel. ,
toedo, Its people, forthe most part, are hanpy
and contented, They have geod times and are
on good terma with the nations of the world

‘There are, unfortunately, (hose among uA,
few In numier, (am sure and notin the Ohio
Roclety!), who seam to thrive best under bad
times and who when good times overtake them
inthe United States feel constrained to put ua |
on bad terms with the rest of mankind
{Laughter! With them JT can have no
sympathy, I would rathergive expreasion to
what I believe to be the nobler and almost uni-
versal sentiment of mvcountrymen inthe wish |
notonty forour peace and prosperity, but for
the peaveand prosperity of all the nations and

sop'as of the earth,

“After thinty-three yeara of unbroken peace |
came an unnvoidable war) Happily, the con-
clusion was quickly reached, without a suapic-
fon of unworthy motive or practice or purpose
onour part and with fadaless honor to our
arms, Teannot forgetthe quick response of
the people to the country’s need, and the
quarter of a million men who freely offered
their lives to theireountry'aserviee, Tt was an
impressive spectacia of national strength, It
demonatrated our mighty. reserve power, and
taught us that large standing armies are un-
necessary when every citizen iaa ‘minute man’ |
ready to join the ranka for national defence
NO ABANDONING THE RESULTS OF THE WAR,

“Out of these recent events have come to the
Unite States grave trials and responsibilities.
As {t was tne nation’s war, a0 are its results the |
naton's problem Ita solution rests upon us
all, Itis too serious tostifie, It is too earnest
for repose, No phrase nor catehword can con-
ceal the sacred obligation it involves. No use
of epithets, no asperaion of motives, by those
who differ will contribute to that sober judg. |

ent ao essential to right conclusions, No po- :
fica! outery can abrogate our treaty of peace
with Spa'n or abaolve ua from its solemn en-
gagements, It is the pcople’s juestion, and
will be until ite deterinination!s written outin |
thelr enlightened vercict. We must choose
between manly ‘to! and base desertion. Tt
will never be the latter It must be soberly

 

'
settled in justice and good conselience, an it |
will be. Righteousness, which exalteth a
nation, must contro! in its solution.

me
|

No great emergency has arisen in this
ation’s history and progreas which has not
en meat bythe sovercign people with high
capacity, with ample strength and with un-
inching fidelity to every honorable obligation,
rtisanahipa can hold few of us agalnat
aolemn public duty) We have seen this so
often demonatrated In the past as to mark un- |
erringly what it will be inthe future, The |
national sentiment and the national conaclence |
Were never stronger or higher then now. |
There has heen a reunion of the people around |
tne holy altar consecrated to country newly |
sanctified bycommon sacrifices, The follow. |
ere of Grant and Le# have fought under the ,
game flug and fal'en for the aame faith, Party
ines have loosened! and the flesof unfon have
en strengthened. Sactionalisin has disap. |
peared and fraternity and union have been
ted inthe hearts of the American people
litical passion has altogether subsided and
triotism giows with unextingulehable fervor
inevery hogs ofthe iand The flag has heen
sustained on distant seas and talands by the
men of all parties and sectiona and creeds and
ces and nntionalities, and {te atars are only
those of radiant hope to the remote peoples |
over whom it floats. |
THERE CAN BE NO IMPERIALISM. |
|

“There can be no imperiaiiam. Those who
fear {tare acainat it. Those who have faith in |
the Republic ara against it) So that there ts
universal abhorrence for it and unanimous op-
position to it. Ouronty differance ia that thoas |
who do not agree with na have noconfitencetn |
the virtue or capacity or high purpo.» or good
faith of thie free people ns a clvilizing agency:
while we believe that the century of free gov-

ment which the American pe ople have en- |
{ores hae pot rantared them irresolure and
aithiees, but has fitted them forthe great taak |
of Hfting up and aseisting to netter conditions
and larger liberty those distant peoples who ,
have through the issue of ba tla become our
wards, Letusfearnot! There is no ooeaston |
for faint hearta, no excuse for regrets. Nationa
do not grow in strength and the cause of Hb-
erty and law ianot advanced by the doing of
ener things, The harder the task the greater
will he the reanit, the benefit and the honor
To donbt our power to aceomp! sh tt fa to lo o
faith in the soundness and strength of our
popular inatitutions,
“The liberators will never baeome the ,

Preasors, A self-governed people wil! never
perrajt deapotiam {tn any government wh ch
they foster and defend

“Gentlemen, we have tie new care and ean-
not shift it. And, broakine up the camp of pase
and faolation let us prays ly and hopefu 'y and
soberly continue the march of faithful service
and falter not until the work ia done, [tis not
pnosalble that seventy-five mi ion. of \merien
freamen are unable to establish liberty
jnatice and good governman: in our new pos.
sessions. Tha burden jaour opportunity, The
opportunity is greater thon the burden. May
God give isstrength to hear the one and wha.
dom so to ambrace the otheras to carry to our
Afatant acquisitions the guaranteoa of ‘life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness!”

the conclusion of the President's gneech

the diners again arose and cheare! him vigor-
ously, There were calls of “Roosevelt,” but
Gov, Nash of Onto was next intro lueed aud
gooke on the Governors of Ohio. Ale very
wlefly went over the historical ist, beg nn ne
with the first Governor of the Nor hweat Tor.
Rion: gpd when hecametothe name of Me-
inley there was again cheering for the Prosi.

 

 

dent.
Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff was greetes with wreat |

gpplause There were cries of “Cinod hoy, |
v ruft!” and an enthu-iast eal! “dA out
Here's to our next Vice-President!’ Mr

Woodruff reaponded to the tonat
Btate,” and said tn part:

Lieut.-Gov. Woodruit,

Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff way
a ponced to the toast “The il mpire State.”

oe eutenant-Governor began with a glow-
rees of the State, “Then,” anid he, “hav-
Bean this mk aty task. Dame Natar

“The Empire

tien of the natural beau: ies and

| God of wisdom, could

the next speaker, |

ington, the President of th

e Republic handed
he Adiniralof the Ur

ed States Navy a

  

  
 

  

s'vord, Which the representatives of al the
' people had unanimously voted him in. recog
nition of his signal services, ‘Admoral’ said

the President, as he handed him this historle
sword, while 40,000 of his approving country-
men jooked eu: ‘Admiral, there was no flaw tn
your victory; there must be no faltering jn
maintaining it.’ [ destra to-night to para-
phase a little that notable utterance, Mr.
President, there has been no flaw in the policy
of your Administration and there must be

there shall be—no faltering in maintaining it.
1 believe that there will not be, for Tam sure
that history can vever truthtully record that
He». who is notonly the Gol of battles, bat of
peace, the God of civilization, the God of
development, the God of progress and the
ever have frujtlesaly
and in vain offered these gollen opportunities
te the American people, . for one, do not bes
lieve that the price'ess and lustrous pearls of

| Puerto hiico, of Hawali and of the Philippines,

have been cast before swine,”
Speech of Ex-Gov, Campbell,

 
 

This ;

Ex-Gov, Campbell of Ohto came in late, and |

it s feared that his toast, “Our Honorary
Members,” would have to ba skipped sut
President Southard spled him. sitting with
some friends in the back of the room, and
summoned him tothe dais) He euid in pare

“DT'va been entertained to-night as IT never
was before I've heard from our President,
our Vice-President. |'aughter —I'tn priviieged
to say that hecause I'm the only Democrat who
can read and write whe ia not a candidate for
the Vice-Presideney; a colonel and our plain
citizen. and T must say that I have never heard
better things said."

“Our acquisitions to the east of us I never
expected to see under the government acd
protection of the United States in iny time,
1 lookee on al of that as the
of our children, But 1 want the Ha-
waiian Islands, the Philippines, Puerto
tien) ~=6Ccand)=—CCuba”s tn go time. I
want the Government to hola all that it has
got, dou to buy all that it can buy, and then
I want tor this country an artificial waterway
that can be built without asking the
consent of any naton in the — world
Tremendous appiause— I

 

Any man who can
heat me for Governorof Ohlo by 12,000 votes
has gotto bea mighty good man.”
Gov, Roosevelt was the last speaker,
He was received with enthusiasm and said
in part;
Specch of Gov, Roosevelt.

“Having served under one active and one
honorary member of your society, I think I
havea righe to address you to-night. I served
under Mayor Strong, the beat Mayor New York
has had ina generation. He put mein charge
of the Polles Departmentand [administered it
after the Ohio flea’ [I'm uot sure New York
enjoyed it, but I'm sure it did the city good

“T graduated from service under Mayor
Strong to service under the man we are all
here to honor to-night, the Piosidenthof the
United Statea. It is well sald, Mr. President,
that you represent_reunited America in deed as
wellasinname. Before me here to-nieht I
see men from Virginta and South Carol ra who
fought for what they regarded as the richt, in
the Civil War, but whose sons fought no less
valiantly for the flag in the late war with
Spain.

“We of New York were only too glad to ra-
apong when you called on us, Mr. President,
New York {a proud of itself and we are proud
of the State, but we are prouder ati|! of the
nation of which our beloved State is apart
We realize that the State grows and prospers
only aa the nation grows and prospers,

he iaa good thing that we gather to-night
to honor our Presijent. who has berne a

reater burden by far than any President since

Aneoln worked and suffered for the peovle

and lald down. his life that the na-
tlon's flag, which had been rent asun-
der, might be restored. Better still, we

stand as supporting the principle for which he
has stood. Wehaveno right to gory in what
haa happened during the past three years, un-
lesa we ara determined that the future shall
not belie the past and that tho.e three years
shal! be but an earnest of the time that is to
come.

“These three years that our President has
been in the White House. have been three
great years) We hare heard cavil and com-
piaint, of course, but nich of the latter we can
afford to disregard. There isthe complaint o°
the weak'ing and anemie men who would like
to be @ traitor, but hasnt got the
re Hood in him. Then there is
the complaintof the narrow-gusge man, who
simply cannot understan’ the weight that has
rested on the shoul lersof our President, ant
wha’ bas been accomplished in spite of it, We
answer these complainta by asking thoae who
make them to look and sea what has been
done as history wil! look at it,

EVERY PROMISE KEPT,

“President MeKinley found the nation atum-
bing in some of the darkest paths it had
encountered in ite history. He undertook to
defend its honor at home and abroad and every
Netgethatheaimode, he has kept to the very
etter Li you approve or what ha has done for
eur fnance, ii you wpprove of hia placing the
flag where it never stood before, then stand by
hm in the ‘ture as you haveintne past, As
the President bas said, we did not make th
Issued, but we met and solved them wheirthey

 

were mile for us We fought toa eonelusion
one of the mt righteous wars fought in tho
memory of a man tivine We hadto meet
the pooblema that caine to ua, whe her we
woud

 

rho. ‘Tf © question waa woul weaove
them xv | Foe tous aaa nation, woe to
our children and oor chiidren'«ehiidren if we
turn back from the path of honor ws have trod
uarler the ieadership of President MeKinloy
Lapeak Co vou to-night aa Americana, and I
ask you toaton! with me when Ite! the guest
ofthe evening ‘hat Now York stands to-day
Where itt! four yearsnago, It stands behind
} Prestdont MeKinley, as with infinite difflenity
he works f the honorahte solution of the
problems that confront us Atiroad, ao that our
| flaw will ever he the sembo ‘of honesty
| Wharever it toate” :
© Governor's remarks were frequently in-
terrupted hy cheers, and there Gan protoeace
ap nase when he finished
olowing the dinner the President held an
informal reception for @ t
and thea tevin bout fifteen minutes

  

 

y

heritage |

HE WILL GO TO THE FIFTH AVENUL |

VESKRYTERIAN CHURCH TO-DAY,

Vice-President Hobart'’s Widow, Mra, Rus-
i) Sage and Mise Helen M. Gould Call
Mire. MeKinley Ohioans Around,

It was a great duy yesterday Yor Ohio men
resilentor visiting in New York. The Prest-
cent the United states, the most distin
guished living son of Ohlo being intawn, other
sous ofthat State made tt their business to be
about the Hotel Manhattan, where the Prest-
dent's party is sopping. Most of them wera
not acquainted with the President and some of
them, according to theie own testimony, had
never seen him. One Ohtoan put it this way

“DT suppose three or four hundred of as Ohio
folks have been han cing around this hotel ever
since shortly after sunrise this morning. Most
of us don't know McKinley from Adam. But
that don't matter. Ie*« a Buckeye and he's
Lere visiting, We're Buckeyes and we live
here. We've got asortof proprietary interest
in this particular President of the United
States, even if most of us ain't
enough to belong to the Ohio Society, Thera.
fore, we're just hanging around to see that
McKinley gets what's coming to him.”

The first prominent Obioan to reach the
hotel was Gov. Nash, who with Cornelius N,
Bl.ss, Mr. MeKinley’s first Secretary of the
Interior, and Gen. Grenville M. Dodges, sent up
his card afew minutes after & o'clock, They
appeared to be a bit embarrassed when word
eame down that the Presidjent was not yet un,
but that he would be glad to see them in a
short time,

Breakfast was served in the private dining
room connected with the President's apart.
ments at 9 o'clock. At the table were Mr. and
Mis. MeKinley, Mr. and Mrs. Abnor Meliinley,

“e
on

of

 
  

and their daughter, Miss Mabel MeKinley }
Mra, William MeKinloyv's niece, Miss Bar-
bour of Canton, and the President's physt-
eian, Dr Kixey, After breakfast the DPresi-
dent went into the smoking room of
the State suite and there met Gov,
Nash, Mr Bliss and Gen, Dodge. A little later
he talked fora few minutes with the Hon W.
G. Harding and the Hon) George Wo. Lieber,
members ofthe Ovo state Senate, Mrs. Gar-
ret A, Hobart, Garret. A, Hobart, Jr, and Mrs
Hohart’s siater called on Mrs. MeKintey and
the other ladies of her party while the Onio
Senators wore talking with the | Prasident,
Word being sentto him that Mrs. Hobart was
with Mes. MoKintey, the Presilent excused
Himeel! atones and wentin to see the widow
of the Viee-President, who made a tong vail,

the first one of any kind she has made since

Mr. Hobort’s death

Mrs. Hobart remained vntil shortly before
noon and soon affer she hat gous che Presi-
dent and his brother took nrive, going up as

far as Grant's Tomb. On the box of the fandau
beside the coaechman was Detective kunston

     
  

who, with Detective Poy, has been detailed
from Headquarters to attend the President
while heis ia town Vneheon was served at
1:30, the same persous being at table as
Were it breaktist After luncheon, both the
Preatdent an! Mrs. MeKinley gave themselvas
up their ‘allers Mrs. William I
wife oof ex-Mayor Strong, called
MeKinley shortly after tuncheon

 

soon after she left Mes, Russell Suge and
Miss Heen M, Gould ealed When Mrs. Sage
and Mise Gould arrived there happened to be
noone inthe reeeption room to resuve then
. pt Derective Poy, who inv ted them into
MecKiniev's parior, Mrs. MeKinlev again

Mrs

 

{the President away from his own caJers
t vo Mra, Sage and M Gould, aud, after
answermng the summons, he did not appear
again unti the ladies were gona

Among those the President received in the
afternoon were Lieut-Goy Woo iruff, Exe

 

 

Mavor Grace and his son; George BK. bidwell, |

Collector of the Port; WB. Plunkitt, a per-
sou) friend from Adams, Mags.; Col. John J
MeCook, the Rev Dr. Jun us Remensnyder,
pastor of St. James Lutheran Church, Seventy.
third street and Madison ay nue, and Ex- Mayor
Strong. Many of those about the hotel eor-
rijors seemed to take a particular interest
it iov. Woodrull’s call, anda dozen or
more plain, ordinary Ohjoans besought
newspapers mento find out exactly what Mr,
Woodruff sald to Mr. McKinley and exactly
what Mr. McKinley said to Mr. Wootruff

‘The reporters tried to gratify the Buckeye
eoriosity, When the f
cam down stairs, a reporter said to him

* Governor, theae pext-door neighbors of the
Pres dont wantto knowif you gotit all Sxed
While you were upstairs,”

Mr. Woodruff tried tolook dense and be-
wilidered ang replied

“Gentlemen Tjust called to pay my respects
Tsail. ‘Howdoyou do? ‘Glad to see you. Mr
Dresident,’ and ‘Goodby’ The President
made remarks equally momentous,”

The Rev, Dr. Remensnyder called to invite
the President to attend his church this morn-
ing. Col, MeCook dropped around to Invite
him to go to the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
Church, Abner McKinley sid later that the
President would go to church with Col,
MetCook this morning. Bshop Andrews of the
Mathodist Episcopal Chureh will preae

Shortly after 3 o'clogs the President, Mrs,

eut,-

MeKinley and Mrs. Abner, MeKiniey went for
another drive throuvh the Park, They re-
turned tothe hotel a few toinutes berore 5 to
dress for thea Ot Society's dinner,
About 5:30 Adjutant-General Corbin,
United States District Attorney Burnett,
Avner MoKinley ex-Mayor Sroog
aud two or. three others appeared
in the hotel lobby In evening dresa, shortly

)

 

‘fore S they went to the President's apart.
ments and at GOs a company of meni
umn of twos came ou’ ofthe Jadies’ entrance
into Forty-second street, The President came
firat, leaning onthe armof Gen, Burnett The
crowd about the enirance set up a cheer and

   

| the President took off his hat.

don't beiong to!
‘the President's party, but I know him and
| want to give him a chance

| again taken,
| been born in New York, an’!
| German pace tn the borongh of The Bronx. |

The Pres dent and Gen, Burnett stapped into
alan ‘au, Funston boppad on tha nox beside
the coachman and the carriage started forthe
Waldorf-Astoria, flanked on either side by a
mounted policeman. The carriages of the rest
ofthe party followed, Shortly after & o’cloek
Mrs. MeKinley and the Jadies of her party were
esvorted to the din ar by Detective Puy

CECIL C. LESLIE ARRIVES,

Syndicate Miller's Preas Agent Broaght |

Here by Detective McConville,

Ceci! C, Leslie, who was known as the press
agent of the Miller 520 per cent. syndicate, ar-
rived in town yesterday in the custody of De-
tective-Sergeant MeConville, who arrested him

on a bench warrant a few days ago
in Cleveland, Ohio Hia wife came back
from Cleveland with him and when
the train got into the Central station last

night, she said gool-bvy to him, and told the
detective she waa going to stop at the Ven-
dome Hotel for the night,

Detective MeConville took Lealla to Police
Headquarters in Mulberry street, where Dae-
tective Sergeant Humphrey's was waiting to
take the prisoner over to Brooklyn. After Las-

lie’a pedigree had been taken the prie-
oner was taken to Polloe Headquar-
ters in Brooklyn. Hore hia pedigree was |

nat resided at 774

When the detectives searched him they found
only one dollar tn his pockets

This was the same amount found In the pos-
seasion of William F. Miller at the time he waa
arreste|, Miller and Lesiie, were indicted by

the Kings County Grand Jury on charges of |

«rand larceny

“It fa notmy intention totry my ease in the
newspapers,” said Leslie when he was asked if
it was true that he had made a confession
which hat appeared in one of the newspapers.
“Tl have my case tried by the courts.”

The prisoner begged Sergt. Humphreys to
give him 4 cigar, and when {t waa handed to
rim he said he was ready togoany place the
officers wanted to take him

Phey ook mtoa Fulton atrect reataurant
andireated him to supper, afterward taking
him to Raymond Street Jail,

‘T arested Leslie,” said MeConville, “on
aAbeneh warrant issued by District Attorney
John Clarke of Kinga county. [left Cleveland
with him on Thursday morning, his wife
coming with us, and we got to Buf-
falo that afternoon. We got there just
in time to misa a train for New York
The ratlroad offleiala informed me that
they might send out the Pan-American Ex-
press at 3 o'clock; but they weren't sure on
necount of the snow drifta along the road
Rather than take any chances of a blockade I

decided to remain over night in Buffalo. I
then. took Lesile to Police Headquarters
in Ruffalo and the poliee  hek him
there — for the night. Mrs. Leslie

spent the night with the matron of the city

  
 

prison. Tdeeded to look around town and in
my rambles ran across Dayton P. Tannar,
known as “Do! Tanner, who has
heen oWanied for the past aix months
by Chief MeClnaky “Doe” is wanted
here in New York on acharge of grand lar
eeny. He isanold time ewfodler, Ttook him
into custody and left him inthe eareof the
Iutfale police, Detective Vallelly atarted for
TBulta night to bring him herve Leslie,
Vrs, Leste and my-e) came inoenthe Empire

 

State Express, irrivir

Pe dan tonight” & here atthree minutes
after te O-nigh

Two Boys Drowned on Staten Istand.
Henry Hemman, & yearg old, and his brother

| Albert, O years old, wera bath drowned yea.

|

terday afternoon. ‘They fell through the {ce
on Brady's Pood at Grasemere, Staten Island,

THE SUN* SUNDAY, MARCH
THE PRESIDENTS VISITORS,

|

prominent |

the |

Jeutenant-Governer |

Ho sald he was 52 years old, had |

   

BEAT A “SAVHO"” PEDLER,

 

| Yale Students Roll a Street Book Seller in
the Mud and Banish Him.

New Haven, March 3.
from New York, who appeared here about a
week ago and stood about tho Yale
campus and other parta of the city,
selling an edition of “Sapho” at a low price has
disappeared. Several Yale students caused his
abrupt departure, He was over persistent In
his efforts to call his books and was driven off
the university grounds repeatedly, Many
students had trouble in evading him, but he
did a large business, The other night he began
to pester every passerby who would not
buy a copy of “Sapho.” He. stopped a
young woman near the New Haven House
ant endeavored to tell her of the book. He
followed her down Collega street untt! she be-
came frightened

Several atu ‘ents seized the man and held
him until the young woman wenton, Two of
them, who aro athlees, grabbed him
by the  eollar and vet and = relled
him in the gutter of College atrevt.
Morris got up and wanted to fight, At th a he
wasagain captured and rolled for over fifty
yards inthe muddy street. His books were
ruined, With a wa ning not to appear near th»
university again he was released by the stu-
dent«and bent a hasty retreat, Since then he
has not been seen and it is said that he took
the first train back to New York.

TRAIN WRECKED BY A SNOWDRIFT.
Canadian Pacific Train Derailed Fast of
Toronto and 25 Passengers Injured.

| Toronto, Mareh 3.--The express from Mon-
| treal and Ottawa on the Canadian Pacifle road
| ran into @ Seven-foot snow drift forty-seven
' miles east of Toronto, near Pontypool, this
! morning. Three sleepers and the mail car
| were ditched by the shock and twenty-flva
fof the passengers, invuding a number of
| members of Pardament, were more or less in-
yured,

bws special train brought the passengers to

Toronto. The ehief cause of their injuries was
the sud ‘en stoppage of the tain, whch threw
the oceupents of berths violently against the
partitions,

Some of the accounts state that a broken
axie and not a snow drift was the real cause of
the aco! lent,

Only three of the injured were in need of
hospital treatment, They were Frank Ped ey,
Dominion Immigration Agent at Ottawa, Fad-
ward.Jolinston, Government Engineer, Ottawa;
and Howell Hinds, Cleveland, Ohio,

 

TWO DUCK NUNTERS MISSING,

They Ventured Ont in the Sound tn a Skiff,
Which Has Been Found on the Beach,

New Haven, March 3. — Large parties of
men ae searching the shores at Johnson's
Point, near this city, to-night for the bodles
of William Buck, alngie, years of 4g,
and Osear Tureotte, married, about 50 years
of age, both residents of Short Beach, a local
summer resort, who have b-en missing two

days. Early yesterday morning the men
ventured out_into the Sound In a light flat-
bo'tomed skiff togo hunting for ducks in the
heavy sea that was running, despite the plead-
ines oO their fri ads to postpone
the trip. They
time have not bean seen

an
>

This morning the

oars belonging to their boat were found
on the beach, having drifted in with the
tide, and late this afternoon a cap and
the deeoy ducks of one of the hunters
werezickedup. They are supposed to have
been browne fas neither could awim a stroke

wfaraa was known, ‘larcotte’s wife is alinost

prostrated with grief.

| CHARGES AGAINST ATHING,
The Young Man Who Said He Had Beeon
Robbed ot Hia Employers’ Money.

Henry Athing, 18 years old, who lives at
Sixth avenue and Sixteenth street, Brooklyn,
was locked up in the Hunter's Point police
etation last night on charges of forgery and
grand larceny. The arrest was madeon the
complaint of Conrad Dyekman, of the Praden-
tia! Life Insurance Company, who alleges that
Athing endorsed his, Dykman’s name, to three
| money orters which he collected in Long

Isiand City. Athing was employed in the Long
Taiand City office of the company until a month
ago \

' One night last month be notified the police

that he had been held un by highwayinen who
| stole $800 from him, the money being the
| property of the insurance company, Believing
| that he was not tel!ing the truth the company

Bernhardt Morris ,

| preevdented in regent years,

|
|

 

 

|
|

started, however, andsince that |

| total value of the property to the debt,

|

' guused his arrest, charging him with the lar. ,

eeny of the $800 Later ho was ciseharged
) from custedy, He wiil be arraigned in court
| on the new eharges to-day,

MISHAP AT MANHATTAN MATINEE,

| Act Drop Falls, Hurts a Chorns Girl and
Sends Three More Into Faints,
| In the e« ! act of “Papa's Wife” at thea

Manhattan Theatre yesterday afternoon, while
' Anna Held and Charies E. Bigelow and the

entire chorus were on the stage, an unfAnished

actdrop that was being painted in the flies
! broke loose from its Jashings and fell to the
stage, The drop weighed 200 pounds and it
struck Miss Care lin Rhode, one of the chorus
girls, on the shoulder, knocking her down, and
burape | against tao of the other girla

Three of the chorus promptly fainted, and
there was conaternatton on the stage, A num-
ber of people in the audience got up to leave,
but Miss Held and Bigelow continued their
dia'ogne and the scene shifters soon removed
the drop. Miss Rhode's shoulder was dislo-
cated, and she was taken ¢) herhomein acab
Sho was notable to appear at the performance
last night

|

; a

| DRANK ACID IN THE STREET,
t

| Young Woman Killed Merself in the Early
Morning Hours,

|
|
\
| A young woman, well dressed and of attrae-
tive appearance, drank carboliec acid at 4
ovlock yesterday morning at Vorty-second
street and Seventh avenue, Sha died a short
time after at the New York Hospital. The
woman was accompanied by a man who also
wore good clothes
imeani then themaniet. He had hardly got
out of sight when the woman drank the poison
from a bottle whieh «he held in her hand
The suicide was iientified Jast night as
| Augusta Domenion, 25 year+ olf, of 237 West
Fortieth street. Atthe house if was sald thar
the woman was better known as Gertrude
| CJeman, and that she had been living there
with aman vamed Bradley

 

“RROADWAY TO TOKIO” IN PARIS,

During the Exposition,

It was announced at the New York Theatre
last night that a contract had been raceived
by Sire Bros. from their Paris agent, M.
| Gaussand, which mate a trip to Paris acer-
tainty for the “Broadway to Tokio” Company,
now playing at thetheatre, It was sald that
the date in the contract for the opening of the
piece there is Slay 15, and that it fs to run
through the Exposition. Sire Bros. do
not want to go over ao early, and as soon as
they succeed in getting the date changed to a
month later they will announce the nameof
the theatre at which the production will ap-
pear, ‘Lhe east is to be kept intact as at
present

Raving Passenger on the Empire State.

| Willfam Entler, who lives at the Stewart
House and is © salesman in the employ of the
Manhattan Brass Company of 882 East Twenty-

elghth street, boarded the Emoptre State Ex-
Press at Rochester yesterday afternoon. On
the way to this city he sedilenty began to shout
Inguherently at the reat of the passengers.

7 New York Compnny to Show There
|

When the train gotin he was sent to bellevue,

 

Ae

AOe

eer

Nee

~~ GGISTs —
250 50F 100 Pes Bottle

 

| whieh sugar estates can be burned by bandits

|
|

They talked for some |

}
|

| and not by foreigners and syndicates as for-

| see whatcan be donein the matter of raising

| cattle, tobacco and fruits.

4, 1900.

EUROPE NEEDS OUR COAL.

GENERAL SHORTAGE
FROM THE FORKINN

REPORTED
MARKETS,

The Coal From Our Fields, Equal to the
Best Cardiff Article, (an Bo Delivered
at Mediterranean Ports Considerably
Cheaper Than the Welsh Product,

Nectal Cable Despa'ch to Tar Sux

Lowpon, March 3.—The Berlin despatch tn
Tur SUN last Sunday in regard to the arrival
there of Amorican coal has attracted attention
in Engiand, The Statist, in ea'ling attention to
the vast coal ares of tho United States, whose
production ts now practically equal to that of
Great Britain, dediares that America is grow-
ing to be @ great coal exporting country, [*
pointa out that the United States will soon
supply all the Atlantic coaling s'ationa and
will probably sapolant England's great depots
ou the American east. Moreover, the Statist
e@xpreases the Lelief that the United States will
soon have a great market in Europe, where
there ts now practically a coal famine.

The fuel question tn France, which country
has not recovered from the Loire Valley strike,
ia causing political and industrial anxiety.
Germany is suffering from labor troubles and
there ia serious tulk there of prohibiting the
exportation of coal, This of itself is a striking
indication of the positive dearth of the com-
modity, justas the relaxation of the {mport
duties tells the same story in Russia. Labor
troubles threaten the complete suspension of
the production of Saxony, while the Austrian
mines have for months been suffering from the
most serious crisis on record. Austria, besides
egnsuming all her own production, imports
1,000,000 tons annually. The stonpage of the
m nes causes @ great deman‘ for foreign coal,
Germany is unable to supply it, as she is com-
pelled herself to import ''yne eoal largely for
the use of the State raliways-something un-

» The Statist points cut that the best American
coal, which is said to be equal to the Cardiff
article, which now solls for 25 and 2 shillings
per ton, can be delivered at Mediterranean
ports at from 6 to8 shillings per ton cheaper
than the Welsh product.

Taking into consideration the great home de-
mand In England, all this leads to the expecta-
tion of an increase in the Amerlean supply
month by month. Meantime the limitation of
tou nage fs ulone restricting the flow this way,
but the supply of vessels will soon respond to
the demand, .

 

MORTOAGES ON CUBAN LAND,

Secretary of Agriculture Rivera Says They
Amount to $248,000,000,
Special Cab'e Despat h to Tur Son,
Havana, March 3,—Gen, Ruls Rivera, Secre-
tary of Agriculture, announces that the total
encumbrances on Cuban real estate amount
to $248,000,000, He thinks this is a compara.
tively small amount, and {s agreeably sure

prised at the figures, He ia also as-
tonished to find that the greater part of the
and in Cuba is owned by Cubans

merly was the case. He will now havea record
of the unencumbered holdings on the island
made in order to show the proportion of the
When
this has been done he will place the figures
before a banking house in New York and will

money by a mortgage to the bankers.

The banking house to which Secretary Ri-
vera refers is that of J. M. Ceballos & Co, of
New York, which is interested with Sir William
Van Horne, President of the Canadian Paciflo
Kailroad, in the development of the resources
of the island. As previously cabled to Tus
Run Sir William ts anxious to invest money in
jand mortgages if he is assured of security by
the economic conditions and laws, Gen. Rivera
thinks he can satisfy Sir William onthe former
point anda law reform commission {s at work
on the latter,

Sefior Rivera does not recommend the un-
limited extension of the cultivation of sugar
because of the competition and the ease with
or revolutionists, He commends the raising of

Governor Genera! Wood has decided that for
the present no more schools ahall be estab-
Hiahedin Cuba, There are now 2,700 schools
with 130,000 puplis on the is!and. The Gover.
nor General insists that the organization of
these schools must be competed before new
ones are established,

DENIES ANY INTEREST,

Our Dispute With Spain Over Two Islands
of the Philippine Group.
Special Cable Desnatch to Tue Sew.

Renury, March 3.~Offictals of the Foreten
Office deny that Germans ts trying to acquire
the islands of Sibutu and Cagayan-Sulu in the
Poilippines, or that she is hacking Spain up in
her assertion that these islands were not in-
eluded in the Treaty of Paris,

These oMctals say that the negotiations in
regard to the ownership of the {slands are be-
ing conducted by the authorities at Washing-
ton and Madrid, and that Germany is not in-
terested in the matter.

ITALIAN DEPUTIES IN DISORDER,

GERMANY

 

 

Consideration of Measures of Public Order
Prevented,

Special Cable Metpate\ to Tare Sr.

Rome, March 3.—There was a riotous scene
in the Chamber of Deputies to-day. The mem-
bers of the Extreme Left opposed the consid-
eration of maasures of public order,

Deapite the appeals of the President ft was
impossible to discuss the bills and the session
was adjourned.

DEGREE UF LI, D, FOR CHUATE,

Fdinburgh University to Confer It Upon
Our Ambassador.
*peca! Cably Pespa'ch t Tar Sry.
Loxpox, March 3.—The Faculty of Edin-
burgh University has decided to confer the
degreeof LL. D. on Mr. Joseph Choate, the
American Ambas¢ador, and Miss Eleanor A,
Ormerod, the noted entomologist.

 

GEORGE BK WHITE DIVORCED,

Christian Science Separates the Former
Congressman and Wife.

Crtcago, Mareh 3.--A deorae of divorce has
been granted te former Congressman George
F. White, separating him from his wife,

Mrs. Minnie A. White, who ia well known
a Christian Scientist. The religious belia’s of
ra. White were dec ared to be the separating
cause, i' being ulleved that she is so devoted to
her beliefs that she has frequently declared
she would giv’ up home and family for them,

 

Will Fast at Intervals,

Nontma Apams, Mass., March 3.—Dr, Imman-
uel Pfeiffer of this city has made the announce-
ment that within a few daya ne will begin
a series of fasts with a view of proving that
people eat too mitch for their own good. The
firat fast will be of twenty-one days duration and
this will be followed by Junger periods until he

reaches what he believes to be the limit of
human power to go without food, sixty days,
The doctor  desiras to study the
gfrets of fasting upon the mind,
He will drink only about a pinto! watera
day during the fast ox periods, but will exer.
clee freely, taking long walks and aawing wood,

in which practice he will differ from previous
fastors, Br. Peiffer weighs about 200 pounds

and is 50 years old,

Played a Trick on a Boy and Was Shot.

Ricumonp. Va., March 3.—~Hunter Wataon,
@ young farmer and brother of the Common.
wealth’s Attorney, W. A. Watson of Nottoway
county, {6 (dangerously sho’ as the resuit
of underestimating a boy’s pluck. The
boy reported to him that the straw ataoks
were being robbed and Watson xavehim a

fn with instructions to guard them,

"hen he went tothe stacka with the intention
of playing 9 joke and frighten ing the hoy, The
lad failed to recognize him and fired the Inad
His condition ig

of bird-shot in his face.

serious

 

The condition of Croton water is frightful,
Write or ‘phone the Hy reia Diatilled Water Co. of agg
Woat 12th st., to deliver at your residence or ottice @
Supply of Hygeia Water, Tei, 2582 Spring,—ady,

r

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
  

 

*

Monday, March 5th.

ANNOUNCE AN OFFERING OF RICH IMPORTED

BLACK DRESS SATINS,

INCLUDED IN THE ABOVE IS ONE LOT OF

| 3,000 yards at
Regular Prices $1.75 to $2.00

 

$4.25

 

| LADIES’ SPRING CLOAKS.

LATEST IMPORTATIONS, COMPRISING

Long Garments, Paletots, | Wraps,

| Capes, Etons, © Walking and Driving Coats,

 

| Made tn Satin, Taffeta, Chiffon, Chantilly Lace,
I Cloth, also Spangled, Braided and Appliqued Net.

LADIES’ DRESS WAISTS |
For THEATRE, LUNCHEON, DINNER and HOUSE WEAR, ©

Made of Granite and Japon Crepe, Lucerne, Liberty
Satin, Mousseline, Renaissance, Ventse, Mechlin,
Point de Esprit Lace and Hand SMade SNainsook.

SILK PETTICOATS

Inclastue of a number of Fine Imported Novelties
are now being shown.

IMPORTATIONS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER OF
THE FASSO CORSET |

have been recetved and will be found to contain distinct features |
for the coming season, including |

“‘The Marle Therese,’’ ‘‘Marie Antoinette,”’ ‘‘Carmen”” |
and ‘‘Roxane’’ all Straight Front models. |

 

 

COTTON DRESS GOODS.
32,000 Yards

Printed Swiss Muslins,

| Exclusive designs in floral effects 19
at the special price of ‘ : Ce Yard.

(On Counters, Rear of Rotunda.)

 

LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS

At from 25 to 334 Per Cent. Below Prevailing Prices.

Plain Hemstitched, assorted hems,

Ladies’ Men’s
Handkerchiefs, 9c. I2c. Handkerchiefs, 12c., 18c.
I2ic.

Ladies’ Initialed Handkerchiefs, .
$1.00

| Ladies’ Initialed Handkerchiefs, .
| (Laundered, per Box of Half Dosen.)

Also Ladies’ Embroidered Handkerchiefs,
1 Ve. and 39,

 

 

 

 

2

 

BEST &CO

yyrurn LAR

Economy in
Dressing Babies.

RE

 

Mothers for whom “all hand-work” on their baby’s
clothes is not essential, will be interested in finding here a
great variety of little machine-made slips and dresses prettily
designedand daintily made—costing less than it made at homes

Long Slips, 40c., 63¢., 75¢. ,98c. & $1.10.

Short Dresses, 50¢., 60¢., 75¢., 85¢., 95¢. & $1.00.
Also

Entirely hand-made Long Slips from $1.45, and
Short Dresses from $2.00--to the finest and most elaborate,

60-62 West 23d Street.