r Gee e

 

    

GOLDEN WILL-0'-THE=WISPS

THE SEARCH FOR LOST MINES STILL
GOING ON IN THE WEST,

A Dying Convict Has Now Furnished a Cloe
to the Rich Vallagrana- Lives and Ef-
forte Wasted in Hunts for the Peg Leg,
White Cement and Other Mines Mexi-
can Traditions of Hidden Wealth,

Pomona, Cal, Feb. 27 There's a lot of
romance remaining in gold mining and prospect
ing, notwithstanding the introduction of prac
tical business ways, scientific methods and capi
talized companies. Thus it is still true that
nothing else in the realm of mining has such
a charm upon any prospectors mind as the stories
of lost mines. In all mining regions every year
hosts of men risk life and fortune in searching
for legendary ledges once found and then lost

A remarkable story of this nature came from
the Territorial penitentiary at Yuma, Ariz., the
other day Aurelio Dominguez lay dying with
consumption He had been in prison two years
and had nineteen years longer to serve for high-
way robbery. He called for J. E Wemple, a
friendly guard, and imparted to him informa-
tion as to the location of the Vallagrana mine,
which miners forty years ago said would equal
the enormously rich Candallaria of | Mexico,
Guard Wemple thought enough of the information
to resign his office, and he is going to prospect
with several Mexicans along the line of infor-
mation whispered to him by the dying prisoner.
The Vallagrana is the famous lost mine of Lower
California. It is asilver mine, and the ruby
ore in it, tradition says, is wonderfully rich.
Jose Vallagrana was a Mexican Governor of
the district of Lower California, who fled to La
Paz at the extreme southern end of Lower Cali-
fornia,in 1850, during a petty political revolution.
On the way he and his party took refuge in an
Indian camp, and the Indians taking a fancy
to their visitors, took them out toa canon and
showed them the outcropping of 4 silver ledge
The tradition runs that the silver ore could be
clearly traced along the mountain side for some
1,800 feet, that the ledge at the surface was twenty:
Ave feet wide and that there were indications
that it widened rapidly below the surface of the
earth. Gov. Vallagrana promised not to distur!
the Indians in their ancestral rights and to keep
the silver ledge always 4 secret. Notwith
standing the promise specimens of the ore were
ansayed and were reported to run 8,900 ounces
to the ton. In July, 1851, the ex4iovernor was
induced to join an expedition of five men to go
and get control of the silver mines, The expe-
dition landed at La Paz and started northward
across the country toward the canon where
the Indians lived. That was the last ever seen
or heard of the Vallagrana party.

Every year since 1851 men have gone in parties
of a dozen or twenty to seek the silverledge. First
and last, several thousand men have climbed
over the bald, hard mountains, toiled across the

arid wastes, and broiled in summer and shivered ,

in winter while they prospected for the ledge. Iu
1898 Gov. Lopez of the district of Lower Cali-
fornia reported that that year some 200 men
had been vainly trying for months to get a clue
to the Vallagrana. It seems now that the convict
Dominguez was a nephew of one of the men who
were with Gov. Vallagrana when he and his asso-
ciates saw the Silver ledge, and Dominguez gut
from his uncle certain topographical facts that
he himeelf meant t make use of in a search for
the mine, whenever he got out of prison

All the deaths from thirst, the sufferings in
deserta and the vain results of prospecting year
after year do not keep men from still going into
the region of Death Valley, in Inyo county, Cal,
to find the legendary Gunsight mine. In 1554
thirty-two emigrants started to go to the gold
fields of California from Salt Lake City by the
southern route. They suffered so from lack
of food and water that in six weeks the party
was reduced to nine people. One night, while
camping near a rocky ledge, George Dennis «is-
covered that the sight on the muzzle of his rifle
bad been lost. Searching for something with
which to replace it he noticed a whitish metallic
substanoe in the rock close at hand, and securing
@ piece of it he speedily whittled and fitted into
his rifle, a clumsy substitute for the lost sight.
The following morning the men resumed their
journey. Only five of the party finally reached
a settlement in the San Bernardino Valley. Here
the sight which Dennis had carved in the desert
attracted the attention of an old miner, who at
once pronounced it pure native silver, and eagerly
inquired whereitwasfound. A prospecting perty
was at once organized and a careful search made
for what has ever since been known as the Gun-
sight Ledge, but failure attended this first effort
Every year from 1854 till now some men have
gone in search of the silver deposit where Den-
nis got his pure silver gunsight. Only a few
weeks ago a party of prospectors started out from
the desert town of Barstow, Cal., to follow what
they believed was a4 sure trail to the long sought
Gunsight mine of Death Valley

The lost mine most discussed in the Rocky
Mountain camps, especially those in northern

New Mexico, 1s the White Cement. A few old
miners who knew White personally still remain

fn the Rocky Mountains, and their narrative ,

of the excitement he caused when he showed his
rich specimens of gold ore is always heard with
interest. It is safe to say that several thousand

men have at one time and another hunted for the |

mine. The late millionaire silver king, Nat ©
Creede of Colorado, spent a year in trying to find
a lead w it. White was a New Englander, 60
years old, who was in California in 1849. One
day in July, 1858, he came into Horse Head Gulch
rom sorthern New Mexico, driving a mule and
ooking utterly used up He got something to
eat. Some one bantered him about his vain
searches for 4 mine.

“Well, just look at that,” said White, handing
out several pieces of what looked like hard white
clay, glittering with specks of metal; then he
suddenly became mum, and, putting his speci
mens into a bag went out to find an assayer named
Helyat in the camp.

Before night it was known that White's speci
mens showed 1,000 ounces of gold to the ton

n the morning a party headed by Senator Sharon's
rother Henry called on White and told him that

he must pilot the men to his find; he could have |

the pick of the claims and help to work it, but go
he must. He was warned that his life would
not be worth shucks if he steod off the camp
For a long time he gave excuses, and said he
didn't know where the mine was, But) when
the miners showed that they would kill him if
he didn't take them to where he got his specimens
he finally consented to guide them

The trail led northwest across the Rockies.
It was a very difficult journey, even for the old
miners. It led along rocky trails, up and down
sanyons and across mountain crests. The first
dev was a race, and two-thirds of the men broke
own. Ky the end of the second day the party
was in the heart of the mountains, in a desert
where perhaps no human being had ever been

before. Many of the animals were lost, and
the men were heggard with fatimue and excite
ment. White led his aching, thirsting and worn

out followers into a blind canyon, nearly on the
boundary between New Mexico and Uointads
‘There every one was glad to take a rest by the side
of a brook

“Hoys, we'll be there tomorrow. It's about
thirty-five miles over thatway,” said White, point
ing to the northwest) “I've got ‘way off my
trail, but now I've got my bearings. “You'll be
the richest of any miners Alive when you get over
where I'm pointin’ *

A daging yell went up from the men, tired and |

almost famished thoug
fire was made, supper
the stock was fed, and every onebut old White
lay downin blankets to sleep and dream of wealth
As for White he said

“T guess Vil go and see about my horse. [I'm
too nervous to sleep now that know Im so near
the biggest thing on earth,” and he went down
the canyon to where the horses were picketed for
the nigh

When daylight came no one could find White
His horse was gone, too \ maddened lot of
men tried to trail him, but they could not follow
the old fellow in that region for more than a few
miles For weeks the country was vainly pros
Pected. Not a trace of rock like that White had
shown could be found \bout, one half of the
arty, after incredible suffering, got back to civil
zation, and yet despite their story 100 men started
back over the irail shortly after Three years
later White reappeared in Salt Lake City with
his cement specimens as before, incredibly rich,
and ogain disappeared, and from that time to this
he has never been heard of He lent $60,000 to a
Mormon ranchman at Provo, l tah, and never
came to get interest or principal. The White
Cement mine is still one of the Rocky Mountain
miner's dreama

Whatever may be said about the romantic
features of nearly all the lost mine stories of camps
in the West, itis useless to try to demonstrate to
veteran wold seekers that the Mother Gold mine

) they were The camp

somewhere in Arizona or New Mexico is a myth
from the Aztec Students of Aztec ile
and — tore aay that the aborigines of
the Southwest beliewed that Montezuma would

return to his dominion on earth, and then he
would need vast quantities of gold which were
waiting for him According to the legend this
bed of golden riches les in an almost inaccess ble
valley, about five miles in length and two miles
in breadth, walled in by towering mountains
and perpenideular cliffs ranging in height from
3,000 t) 5,000 feet A crystal stream penetrates
this valley, coming from the highest mountain
Beaks at one end aud disappearing at the other

was cooked and eaten, |

 
  
 

 

in acava ‘This cave is the only practicable en
trance to the valley, and it is guarded by the
descendants of Montezuma’s guards, ,Only three
men are fully informed as to the secret entrance
When one of them dies the other two choose 4
third to whom they confide the secret, The banks
of the valley are shaded with beautiful trees ts
soil is rich and covered with grass in which are
sprinkled many rare and beautiful flowers. But
terfiles of all hues and bright plum birds
are found in great numbers. The gold, shining
bright in the sunlight by day, and reflecting
softly the light of the moon by night, stretches
in ehormous masses from one end of the valley
w the other [tis related that adventurous white
men years ago scaled the parapets frowning
down upon this valley, and gazed upon its de
| posits of wealth Many Mexican miners have
| devoted the better part of their lives to reach the
| wene, and many an American, overcome by the
| apparent sincerity of the natives in doveribing
| their faith in the existence of the Mother Gold,
|

has expended time and labor in attempts to solve |

the mystery

The Colorado desert in the extreme southern
pers of California, and the mountains on. the
mundary between California and Mexico, have
heen seoured for more than thirty years by ad
) venturous gold seekers in quest of the Peg Leg
mine. Even now there are parties of miners
| prospecting for some indication that will show
the location of the rich ledge that Peg Leg Smith
found years ago, A drunken, rollicking gold
minor, John G, Smith, who was known all over
the southern part of the State as Peg Leg Smith,
because of his wooden leg, came into Los Angeles
one day in July of 1868, with his camp outfl
his mules laden with several sacks of gold ore
The rock was assayed and the news quickly
spread that he | i Smith had ore that ran al!
the way from &2 to $8,000 a ton, He satl
his mine wasdown across the Colorado desert,
in the mountain range in San Diego county, and
that until he knew whether it was situated in
the United States or Mexico he must keep its
location a strict secret to himself, Early in
September Peg Leg Smith turned up missing in
Los Angeles, and the news came across the
country @ week or two later from San Bernardino
that he had been there and hastily and secretly
fitted out fora camp of several months in the moun
tains and a mule ride acrosa the desert, He had
at the last moment taken two old mining chums
with him and set outin the night, Severel years
later the dried and mummy-like remains of the
two men who accompanied the old man, and the
skeletons of the mule and remains of the wagon
and mining tools, were found 100 miles out on the
Colorado desert, but not one trace of Peg Leg.
It is impossible that he could have esca from
that spot in the desert on foot. From that time
to this there have been periodical reports of the
finding of the mine that Smith told about. A
score of men have laid down their lives in the desert
and among the fmountains while seeing the
enormous wealth that auch @ property that Peg
Leg Smith described would surely yield, Only
‘last May two men started out from San Diego
confident that an Indian's description of the mine
at the south end of the Colorado desert answered
the details of the Peg Leg ledges, They died
from thirst with their mules before they had got
7 miles from home,

t would be a waste of time to argue in almost
any gathering of miners of the West thatthe Lost
Cabin mine exists merely in the imagination of
gold hungry men. It is popularly supposed
that the Lost Cabin mine is somewhere among
the Big Horn mountains in southern Montana or
northern Wyoming. In the late fifties three men,
Allen FE. Hurlburt, Adam Cox and Jefferson

Jones discovered it and found it so rich that they
| could scarcely believe their senses, They built
| a cabin of logs, fortifying it with stockades, in

 

whioh they paased the winter months, When
the spring sun unlocked the waters of the creek,
they hurried back to their sluice boxes and worked
harder than ever, One day Hurlburt left the
sluices to goto thecabin, He had barely lostsight
of his companions when he heard the report of rifles
Indians had surprised his companions and killed
them. Hurlburt lay concealed tn the brush
for a day and night.
he managed to
| the North Platte River to what is now Fort Lara
| mie, Soon aftertelling bisstory hedied, Miners
have since been searching for the log cabin on the
creek, In 1866 an expedition of over 200 men
was organized at Fort Laramie solely to spend
two months in searching for the Lost Cabin mine
The traditions of the lost Mexican mines are
more romantic than those in the United States
and they have also more believers. The reason
probably is that some of the stories have founda:
tion in the ancient records of Mexico. For in
stance, the records of Chihuahua have degcrip-
tions of several very fertile gold and silver mines
in Arizona and New Mexico, which were worked
150 or 200 years ago. One of these mines was the
San Mateo. It yielded in the year 1763 gold for
the Church of Spain that sold for $300,000, besides
a good deal more that the Church Government
never heard of. The records show that in the
twenty years that it was worked by the Span
fards $5,000,000 of gold ore was taken oat. The
San Matco mine {s supposed to be located about
seventy-five miles north of Fort Bowie, Ariz., in
@ rough section of country, The direction and
the distanoe from Sonora to the mine are given very
clearly in the old records, but of the many attempts
to find the mine none has proves succesaful, Dur-
ing the past forty years
| gone from here in search of the San Mateo prop-
erty. The first expedition of which there is any
| authentic record left here in the early ‘40s
| The party was accompanied by an old Mexican,
who pretended to have received information con
cerning the mine directly from one of the original
owners of the property. The landmarks noted in
the old records were found, and the party believed

that it would be an easy matter to find the shaft |

|
| of the mine. The discovery was almost within
their grasp when a band of Pima Indians swept
down upon them and killed all but one member
of the expedition, The survivor succeeded in
making his way back, and related the details of
the affair. The recent discovery of a rich gold
vein within twenty miles of the reported location
of the lost San Mateo mine revived the interest in
the hidden wealth, and two exploring parties are
now in Cochise county looking for it.
{There has long been a legend that there is 4 lost
| Spanish gold mine in Mohave county, Ariz. It is
reported that this mine has just been rediscovered,
|
\
|
|
!
|
‘
|

and that a sample of the ore has been taken out |

and assayed, [truns8$240totheton ‘This mine
was certainly worked by the Spaniards seventy
five years ago. Its abandonment was caused
by the Halip! Indians, who massacred all the
miners and filled up the shaft. The rediscovery
of this mine was made by F. B. Johnson of F.] Paso
who came into the possession of the plot and de-
scription of the property while in the city of Mex-
ico a few years ago. An old Spanish gold mine
is located in San Diego county, Cal., and ts al-
| leged to be haunted. Tt was discovered about five
vears ago by two Mexicans. The two Mexicans
| went to work to clear the shaft of its rubbish, and
had only got down a short distance when a terrify
| ing manifestation took per in the shaft where
they were working. They fled for their lives,
leaving their picks and shovels behind them
They never went back. Several different per
sons to whom they related their experiences have
tried to open up the mine since, but in every case
ther have been frightened off. The mine will
remain abandoned until some one with courage
undertakes to open It.
|
|
|
'

 

WIRING TO VICTORIA NYANZA,

 

The Second of the African Great Lakes to
Be Joined to Europe by Telegraph.

The completion of the telegraph from the Indian
Ocean to Victoria Nyanza puts the world in com-
munication with the sources of the Nile The
telegraph haa been completed to Ripon Falls,
which is the exact point where the White Nile
leaves the lake. One of the most useful resulta
of this enterprise will be that the people of lower
Egypt will be able to tell what the water condi-
tions of the lower Nile will be for months in ad-
vance. This information will give most de-
sirable guidance in regulating the quantity ot
water to be taken from the Nile for irrigation
purposes. Many occasions have arisen when
information as to the stage of the water in the
upper Nile would have been worth millions of
dollars to lower Egypt

The cable dues not yet touch at Mombasa, which
is the sea end of this land line, Despatches from
Victoria Nyanze must thereiore be sent by sleamer,
to be put on the cable at Zanzibar, which will
delay forwarding messages for several days
‘Thus it happens that the news of the compleuon
of the line to the lake was not received in this
city fora week after it occurred. Five years ago,
when the building of this line and the railroad
alongside of it was begun, the shortest time in
which news from the
was about four months.

The report of Sir Guilford Molesworth, the

consulting engineer, published in vy am,
| showed that the survey of the route finally adopted
for the railroad had been completed clear to the
lake The railroad was built and tn. operation
from the sea to Klu,a distance of 270 miles inland,
and between that point and Angata el-geik, 309
miles in the interior, the read was in course of
construction. ‘The railroad is to terminate at
Port Florence, at the extreme northeast corner
of Victoria Nyanza instead of being extended
about sixty miles farther westto Port Victoria,
as was at first contemplated. Probably
years will yet elapse before the completion of the
railroad

The first telegraph completed to the Central
African lakes was that to Blantyre, inthe Nyassa
highlands, and as it is connected with the cable
on the Portucuese coast communications be
tween Lake Nyassa and Europe are promptly
delivered except when the land line is out of order,
as oceasionally happens

Mrs. Bloomer’s Widower Dend,

From the Denver Times,

Counci, Buures, Ia, Feb. 24,—Dexter
Chamb rlain Bloomer died suddenly at his
home in this city to-night, aged $4 years, He
waa born tn Cayuga county, New York, July 4
INL, He edited several papers in New York
and Ohio from 1837 to Th} In 18°85 he
moved toCounell Blufs, He was married in
18410 to Misa Amelia Jenks, who, until her
death in this city afow years ago, was of na-
tiona! prominence as an advocate of woman
sunvase, any whose advocaey of dreas reform
or women durity her younger vy . pe
name tothe SbAier eoetuine: r years gave her

If YOU OWN REAL ESTATE,
you are naturally interested In the condition of

the market. nr SuN gi
Te enter ~das gives this each day io

 

— ——————

tand |

Half dead and almost insane |
et across the prairie and down |

wenty expeditions have |

ake could reach Europe ,

three |

   
 

  

‘LAMAR FONTAINE NO MYTH,

 

 

THE MARVELLOUS WARRIOR AND
HIS STUPENDOUS STORIES,
Before He Told How He Fought With

Joubert in the Civil War He Invented
the Theory That He Wrote the Poem
“All Quiet Along the Potomac” and
Made Trouble for the Author's Son,
Ever since it became known that the story to
the effect that the Boer General, Piet Joubert
was once a4 resident of this countrp and fought
in the Confederate army.during part of the Civil
| War, rested upon the authority of one Captain,
| Major, Colonel, General, Lamar Fontaine, for
merly of Mississippi and now of the United Staten,
many persons throughout the country have thrown
up their hands and said,“We might have expected
it,” and many others have been led to express
doubts whether there was or is a Lamar Fon
taine. In addition to an interview ascribed to
, Fontaine giving with much detail certain ex
periences with Joubert on the flelds of battle in
| the South in 1861-66,there has appeared recently
; certain controversial matter over Fontaine's name
giving his alleged opinions, based upon personal
observation of the Barbara Fritchie Civil War
episode
It is now declared with absolute positiveness

and the assertion is made in language even stronger
that if a man named Lamar Fontaine, or having
any other name, says Joubert was here and fought
in the Civil War, polite language lacks asuitable
epithet to apply to him. So many remarkable
stories have been atiributed to this man Fontaine
{hat many persons believe that the name is one
taken up generally by that class of newspaper
romancers known as fakirs whenever a tremen-
dous tale is to be sprung upon the public, and
that Lamar Fontaine is as much of a myth as
the once famous Tom Collins.

The preponderance of evidence seems to goto
show that not only has Lamar Fontaine been a
real person but that he is alive to day and ts living
either in the town of Shaw or of Lyon, Miss;
that he is a civil engineer about 70 years old, and
that, according to his stories, he ts about the most
marvellous man that ever lived If he has not
told all the stones atiributed to him he is one of
the most injured men that ever lived. No mat-
ver who has told the stories in his name, they
are of the Munchausen variety, and this has led
to the belief that the fakirs must be using his name
as a sort of general, all around person of utility
from whose tongue any kind of yarn, involvin
danger, hardship or courage, could be auapended
So 4s to secure publication if not credence,

If there is one man in the United States who is
positive that Fontaine really has existed and
poet exists, and who believes that he
yas documentary evidence to prove such existence,
that manis ©. Eliot Beers of 1400 Lombard street,
Philadelphia. bor twenty years Mr Beers has
been chasing Mr. Fontaine around this counvy,
and Mr. Heers says that it is no will-o'-the-wisp
chase either Mr. Beers'’s mother, Ethel Lynn
Heers, wrote a famous war lyric once, “The Picket,”
or “All Quiet Along the Potomac,” and Mr Fon
taine appropriated it and thereby gota reputation
as a Versifier; some even called him a poet He
lived on that reputation as a literary person, ap-
pearing here and there about the country as a
lecturer on the strength of it. Everywhere Mr
Beers could get trace of him as a lecturer, or as
| having set up 4 title to the ownership of that

m, Which in 1861 was as much talked of as
ipling's “Absent Minded Beggar’ is now, he
has had to write letters, asa matter of filial duty
toward his mother, who died in 1879, and denounce
Fontaine as a humbug. Scores of these letiers
by Mr. Beers have appeared in various news.
papers of the country. The story to the effect
that Fontaine wrote the verses keeps on appear
ing from dime to time,and it was only 4 few months
ago that Mr. Beers wrote another letter giving
the absolute proofs that Mrs Beers was the au
thor of the verses

Tt does not appear that Fontaine has ever con-
tradicted Mr. Beers or brought action against
him for defamation of character. Every few
months Mr. Beers gets a uvewspaper clipping
saying, “Lamar Fontaine. the well-known au
thor of that beautiful poem ‘All Quiet Along the
| Potomac,’ lectured here last evening,” &c and

jectile strikes, has fled, taking with him his myth
of authorship. Some day Mr. Beers expects
that these newspaper references to Fontaine as
the author of the poem will cease, because nature
| has decreed that every man mustdie. Mr. Fon-
| taine is said to have reached his Biblical three
; score and ten, and Mr, Beers thinks that when
| he passes off the stage the notices that he has
} been lecturing around the country as the author
| of “the celebrated war poem,” &., may disappear
| He hopes that Fontaine wont come back to give
} spook manifestations
| Not only has Mr. Heers had the evidence of
newspaper clippings that Fontaine isan entity,
' buthe has letters from persons who know Fontaine
| well and who have had business relations with
him. One of these letters is from # well-known
| lawyer in Misaiaul ppl written in July, 1806. The
eers has shown to @ SUN re-
porter, says
“| was forfour years an officer in the Confederate
| army and in 1864 was 4 prisoner of war at Co-
Jumbus, Ohio, Camp Chase, at which place and
| time this same Lamar Fontaine was 4 prisoner
| for partofthetime — Before then Thad only known
/ of himas the reputed author of the poem in ques-
| tion, and had had no reason to doubt that he really
| was the author fut the poor donkey did not
| have the sense to keep quiet and to be content to
| pose as the ‘Single Poem Fontaine On the con-
| trary, in response to requests from various ladies
| in Kentucky, Marylan?, &e., he did not have the
| sense to refrain from essaving to add to his fame
already acquired as the reputed author of ‘All
| Quiet Xion the Potomac, and he was continually
getting off lines of that mediocrity hated of gods
| and man that Horace speake of, but not even
|
|
|

| Jetter, which Mr

rising above doggerel From the moment I saw
his first essay in that line I set him) down as an
impostor, No writer of such trash could have
been the author of the gem of war poems, ‘All
Quiet Along the Potomac
“But the crowning proof of this fraud was pro
duced by this man Fontaine himself two or three
| years ago, when in one of his periodical claims
of authorship, in proof thereof, he produced an
additional verse, which he said was part of the
original poem, but which was omitted on purely
literary reasons as making the poem too long,
&c, If there ever should fi. any further contest
between yourself and this fraud on this subject
all you will have to do is to get him to republish
| this omitted stanza and then let any man of or-
dinary critical ability jyege whether the author
of the real ‘All Quiet Along the Potomac’ could
poasibly, while writing this gem, have included
such trash as an intermerhiate verse of the same
No one who has ever known of Lamar Fontaine
will ever question the claim of your mother to the
authorship of the poem’

A vear and a@ half later this same lawyer wrote
“As T have occasionally to use the
Ineer expert
|

to Mr. Beers
man Fontaine as an en
for the railway company,
address to be omitted, but further than this I
have no objection to being quoted. One thing |
am sure you may rely on confidently. Fontaine
is such a serene, picturesque, unconscionable
romancer that no one who has known him a week
would take his word for any disputed point of
fact. I will give you one instance out of many
' that have come to my personal knowledge — In
March last I heard him tell a story to a number
| of the members of the bar here, to the effect that
at the aecond battle of Manassas or Bull Run,

THE SUN, SUND

     

 

 

copied widely, both at home and abroad, and
mostly anonymously. Its authorship was soon
ascribed to various persons, but Mrs. ra didn't
regard the matter with much seriousness, ‘The
authorship waa passed upon by several pub
lishers and others, and all agreed that her claims
were just, Shelived at Orange, ¥. J., in the later
years of her life. She was known as @ moat ex
emplary woman, and no one who knew her could
doubt the justice of her title to the ownership of the
poem, She wrote dozens of poems of a similar
mrade she waa a prolific versifier -and in 1870
A collection of them was published by Porter &
Coates of Philadelphia under the title “All Quiet
Along the Potomac.” ‘The first. copies. of the
hooks reached Mrs, Heers a few days before her
death, She had been Aghting her mortal illness
until she might see her poems in book form, One
of the copies of the book, it is said, was bound in
crepe and buried with her,

Mrs. Beers wrote the “All Quiet” poem, first of
those in the book, because of a headline in the
Vew York Herald on Sept, 23, 1861. When she
came to the breakfast table in a \ew York board
ing house on that day 4 woman aitting opposite
to her read the headline from the Herald, “All

| Quiet Along the Potomac,” to which Mrs, Beers,

that Gen. Joubert was never in the United States |

then Mr_ Beers gets out his batteries and firesa |
shot at Fontaine, who, by the time that the pro- |

| Fontaine sunburst.”

reading from her paper, replied, “Yaa, except
a poor picket shot.” That very morning she
wrote the poem with two endings, She asked her
fourwen-yearold son, C, Eliot Beers, which end
ing he liked best, and he chose the one which she
used ‘The picket's off duty forever,”

The poem on that account was called at first
“The Picket.” Here itis

ALL QUIFT ALONG THE POTOMAC TO-NIGHT,

“All quiet along the Potomac to-night!”
Except hereand there astray picket

Te shot ashe walks on hia beat to and fro
By a riflernan hid tn the thicket,

‘Tis nothing!—a private or two now and then
Will not countin the news of a battle;

Not an officer lost!-only one of the men
Moaning out, all alone, the death-rattle.

“All quiet along the Potomac to-night!"
Where sold ers liv peacefully dreaming:
And their tents in the rays ot the clear autumn

moon
And the light of their watch-fires are gleaming.

A tremulous sigh as the gentle night wind
Through the forest leaves softly is creeping;
While the stars up above, with their glittering eyes,
Keep guard—for the army is sleeping.

There's only the sound of the lone sentry’s tread
As he tramps from the rock to the fountain,

And thinks of the tw> in the low trundle-bed
Far away inthe cot on the mountain.

His musket falls slack, his face, dark and grim,
Grows gentle with memories tender,

Aw he mutters a prayer for the children asleep,
For their mother—may heaven defend her!

The moon seenis to shine just as brightly as then,
That night when the love yet unsp ken

Leaped up to his ips, when low-murmured vows
Were pledged to be ever unbroken,

 

Then drawing his sleeve :oughly over his eyes
He dashes off tears that are welling,

And gathers his euu closer up to ite place,
As if to keep down the heart-swelling

He
The tootatep is lagwing and weary:

Yet onward he goes through the broad belt of light,
Toward the shade of the forest so dreary

Hark! was it the night wind that rustled the leaves?
Was it moonlight a> wondrously flashing?

It looked ike aritle— Ah! Mary, good-by)”
And the life-blood is ebbing and #plashing.

“All quiet along the Potomac to-night!"

Vo sound, save the rush of the river;

W alle soft falls the dew on the tace of the dead—

‘The picket’s of duty forever!

By the time Mrs, Beers died the list of claimanta
to the poem had dwindled practically to two, Lamar
Fontaine and herself, Since then Mr. Beers, the
son, has been having a struggle to drive Fontaine
out of good repute, He regards Fontaine as prac
tically a grave robber, here is no proof that
Fontaine ever wrote verses, while Mrs, Beers
wrote hundreds of them, Her personal character
was of the highest, ‘lhe receipt from Harpers,
Mr. Beers’s own knowledge of the matter, the in
vestigation by publishers, all make Mr. Beers as-
sert that he has simply to show his proofs to vindi
cate his mother's memory. Nevertheless, he still
has to keep on writing letters, and is only waitin:
for the grim reaper to come and get Fontaine an
thus insure @ cessation from this letter writing.
Along in 1890 Mr. Beers had to write one of these
letters to the Clarton Ledger of Jackson, Miss,
Fontaine lived near Jackson. That paper made
this editorial comment on the letter

“As will be seen by a letter elsewhere © E.
Beers sets up a claim (for the authorship of the
Poem) for his mother, giving the circumstances
under which the poem was written; but when he
hears Lamar Fontaine's side of the story he will
believe he has been dreaming. The authorship
of ‘Beauuful Snow’ remains shrouded in doubt,
but light is breaking ‘Along the Potomac,’ and
the mist may be dispelled when Major Fontaine
puts his pen to paper to tell just bow the thing
was made, The Clarion Ledger awaits the
There is nothing to indi-
cate thatthe sunburstever came

Mrs Beers never ranked much higher than
what was known a8 a newspaper poet. Her verse
and jingles were printed in many magazines and
with rent frequency in Harper's Weekly and the
New York Ledger. She was on especially good
terms with Robert Bonner and scores of her pro
ductions appeared in the Ledger. [tis related that
one morning she wentdown to call on Mr. Bonner
to see if one of her contributions had been accepted
and to get the pay for it, if possible. Mr Bonner
was out She went to his desk and off hand wrote
this parody on a pad lying before her, and itis
related that Mr Bonner having returned shortly,
{t brought the money at once for the poem sub
mitted

asses the fountain, the blasted pine tree,

 

Once more unfortunate,
Seem I importunate,
Asking for pay?

Think of it tenderly,
Purse fashioned slenderly;
Empty to-day!

Has any check been sent?
Poems on Monday went,
Viease, Mr B ;

Son.e of it, all of it,
Leave e’er Lvall for it
Twixt two and three,

For it is pitiful

In a whole cityfal

‘To be without tin
Yours, moat regretfally,
Yet most reepectfully,
Poor Ethel Lynn!

Among the other assertions thatstrain one's cre-

 dulity regarding Lamar Fontaine is that he served

in the Russian Army in the Crimean War and that
he won the Tron (ross for bravery at Sebastopol
‘There can be no doubt that he was alive ata very
recent Period. Mr. Beers is undoubtedly one
of those who wish that he had never been alive
Joubert is too busy just Now to express an opinion
on the subject

AN AUTOMO BILE

 

ON A RANCH,

Puzzling Alike to Cowboys and Cattle, but
Believed to Be a success,

Austin, ‘Tex., March 1.--It is predicted that

‘the automobile will come into practical use on
| many ‘’exas ranches within the next few years

| John G

witness |
prefer my name and |

or at some one of the other minor engagements |

about that time, Gen. Robert FE. Lee, sitting on
} his horse, watch in hand, saw him, Fontaine,
kill forty United States artillerymen with his
rifle in sitty minutes, or sixty men sn forty min
| utes, 1am not sure which, Gen. Lee timing him
| whilehe was doing such execution on the enemy."
| That would seem to be pretty good evidence
that there has been such a manas Lamar Fontaine
Further proof as to his existence came in June,
1897, when the great Confederate reunion was held
in Nashville A grizzled war veleran appeared
there and said he was Lamar Fontaine from Mis
sissippi. He told the same story about picking
off Yankees for Gen. Lee, only this time the record
wassixty meninsixty minutes Hedeclared that
| he was in twenty seven pitched battlas, fifty
eight skirmishes and more than one hundred
‘individual skirmishes Hie said he had been
wounded sixty seve times, thirteen of which
wounds wereinthelungs. Twice was he able to
look by aidof a mirror into apertures in his breast
andseehisown heartbeating Once he smuggled
despatches and 40.000 percussion caps into Vicks
burk. but to getin he had to fight his way agains!
150 Yankees who rose up against him and fired
onhim. He wasshotin halfa dozen places Ilis
lew was shattered. and so proud was he of Lis
military prowess that as a matter of good faith
he took the barrel of the gun with which he killed
sixty men in sixty minutes and used it as the core
\ of hie artificial leg. And then, to round out the
| proof of his wonderful anurage and achievements,
| it was said in Nashville that he produced
| a letter purporting to have been signed by Stone
| wall Jackson, sayin
|

“T believe that during his service with meas a
sharpshooter Lamar Fontaine killed more of the
| ehemy than were killed by any company in mys
, command”

} After all that, who can doubt that there has
been such a person as Lamar Fontaine’ And
who can doubt, if he talked the way trustworthy
persons say he has talked, that be actually served
with Joubert in the Civil War, although Joubert
was never in this country? And whe can doubt
that he saw old Barbara Fritehie stop Stonewall
Jackson at the head of his troops and ery, “Shoot

you must” &e,?
|

if

Mrs, Heers wrote the “All Quiet” poem on Sept
23, 1861, She read it that day to her son, C. Fliot
Beers, a boy of 14, and made a change in it at bis
auggestion, It was printed on ov, 80, 1861, in
zieree a Weekly, and Mr. Beers has documentary
proof that his mother wrote it in a copy of are
ceipt which Harper & [Srothers still have, and
which reads

"Received, © ew York, December 16th, 1a6l
from Messrs. Harper & isrothers, five dollars
which sum, with ten dollars received December
ith, is in full for poems for the Weekvy, entitlad
the ‘Picket Guard,’ Ls Mill,’
and ‘The Mitten

‘B15. Erneb LYNN Berens.”
} The poem, “Picket Guard” of “All Quiet,” could
j be applied to either the North or South, It was

‘Down Behind the §

 

Kenedy, proprietor of La Parra ranch
in Nueces county, is giving one of these vehi
cles a test and is so far well pleased with the re
sults. Itisof the runabout variety, butis much

swonger and more substantially constructed
than the ordinary road vehicle, lt is run by a
gasoline motor

AY, MARCH 4, 1900.

| pression of envy in her face;

) lost

The day after its arrival Mr. Kenedy and the |

foreman of the ranch started out to make a run
toa distant part of the ranch. ‘Their course was
through a large pasture in which about fifteen hun
dred head of catte were grazing These cattle
had vo fear of men on horseback but when they
caught sight of the horseless machine making
toward them they sStampeded and tore across
the pasture in a solid body. When they reached
the wire fence on the opposite side of the pasture
they went right througn it, Many of them were
cutand injured by the barbed wires. Mr. Kenedy
and the foreman returned to the ranch headquar
iers as fast as the automobile could carry them
and the whole force of cowboys was ordered out

| to round up the excited cattle and return them

to the pasture. ‘The stampeded herd was over-
taken several miles away and after hard work
was again placed in the pasture. This experi
ence taught Mr Kenedy that he must allow the
cattle to become acquainted with the automobile
by degrees. For several days he has been run
ning the vehicle about the place with horses driven
immediately in front of it. The catie are gradu
ally becoming used to the ¢ nveyance
Fiver since the arrival of the automobile the cow

boys have had a strong desire to try their hand at
roping cattle from itsseat| Mr. Kenedy was pre
vailed upon to give them a trial at this sport
and a number of three year old steers wer turned
into a large corral where the roping contest was
tovecur John Fisher and Harry Towles, two
of the most expert ropers on fae ranch, wer? to
havethe firsttrial Visher was to run the vehicle
while Towles was to doe the roping. Fisher re
reeived careful instructions as to the management
of the propelling lever and brake
landed the rope over the steers horns Fisher was
to bring the automobile to a quick stop The
horse end of the rope was to be thrown around
the front axle ‘The vehicle entered
ata ten mile clipand when the steers saw it com
ing toward them they struck for the far side of
the enclosure at full speed. The vehicle followed
close in their wake and when the animals saw
‘hat they wereabout to be cornered they turned
tail and made a break to get by the terrorizin

oblect. Here was ‘Towles’'s opportunity He
gave Fisher word to be realy and then threw the
rope at one of the steers, The coil setilad down
over the animal's horns and the horse end was
quickly wound around the front axle. The ve
hicle, however, was not brought to a standstill,
hut continued right on toward the high fence
that bounded the corral Fisher was tugging
desperately ot the throttle but something was
Wrook With the machinery and he could not stop
the vehicle. ‘Towles grabbed hold of the steering
lever and managed to turn the thing just in time
to escape colliding with the fence

  

When Towles |

DIPLOMACY OF THE OPERA. |

ADVANTAGES THAT SINGERS STRIVE |
FOR IN CONTRACTS,

 

Agents Who Carry on Negotiations Between
Artists and Manager—Brilliant Feat of
a Viennese—Whime of the Prima Donnas
‘Questions of Pay and Performances,

“Oh, what a wonderful contract she must have |

said the prima donna passionately, with an ex
“what a wonderful

wonderful contract it must be!

The prima donna'’s admiration of the under
standing whieh her sister artist had with the
management of the Metropolitan Opera House
was perfectly natural, and similar expressions
are often heard from other artists of the com-
pany when they learn of an especially favorable
arrangement which their associates have suc
ceeded in making. For it is the contract that
decides many important questions of the artist's
obligations to the company. It is not merely
the question of compensation that is determined
tn this way, but many other matters only a litde
less important are also settled by the terms of
this important instrument. The operatic con
tract is indeed a matter of such importanes that
a class of agents bave arisen who devote thei
selves exclusively to this phase of operatic busi
ness. Some of them have gained great renown
through the astuteness with which they secure
for their clients desired privileges, and, indeed,
suggest them necessary conditions which
would) occur only to a person practicad
in such work, The services of these men are
always in demand and are paid for at an excellent
figure. Some knowledge of the conditions under
which the singers at the Metropolitan Opera
House are engaged is necessary to understand
the importance of the contract

The leading singers of the company, such as
Mmes. Sembrich, Calve, Eames and Ternina, and
among the men such singers as MM. Van Dyck,
Edouard de Resvzke and Saleza, are engaged
for a certain number of performances at a stipu
lated price) Ths management guarantees
give them thirty, forty, sixty representations
as the case may be, ata price agreed upon, Some
of these artists succeed in getting a great number,
and the more they get the better satisfied they
are) Mme. Sembrich and Mime. Calve are this
year engaged for sixty representations, ‘The
Jess conspicuous singers of the company are en
gaged usually at so much a month for a certain
number of months, with the condition that they
shall not be required to sing more than a certain
number of times during the month. Sometimes
this is an extremely profitable arrangement,
and as the services of these subordinates are not
always in demand they receive excellent com-
pensation, although, as a rule, the pay of the
Unimportant singers at the Metropolitan Opera
House is much smaller than one would suppose
One young American prima donna who receives
a salary of $200 a week has throughout the entire
season appeared on an average scarcely more
than once a week and that makes her remunera
tion at the rate of $200 a performance. This
ought to be a very satisfactory arrangement to
her. Some of the other subordinates are en-
gaged for so many weeks at a fixed sumo week,
with a guarantee that they shall be employed
during every week of the time stipulated. ‘This
is the arrangement made by most of the members
of the company, They are paid either by the
week or the month. It is to the principal singers
only that @ certain number of performances at
# fixed sum is guaranteed

Of course the principe! object of any agent
making a contract on behalf of his principal is
to get as much money as possible. Next to that
comes the duty to gain every possible advantage
for the singer This is likely to take in the first
instance the direction of securing for him or her |
immunity from loss of salary on account of il |
ness. Ordinarily when an artist does not appear |
at the Metropolitan the performances lost are |
forever. Opportunity may come to make
them up, but as a general rule failing to appear
costs the singer precisely the sum he or she would

receive for that appearance. It is to get around |
this rule that most of the agents labor, One |

to

 

brilliant effort in this direction has made all the
agents at the Metropolitan Opera House miser
able since it became known a year ago. A Vi
ennes® agent contrived for a tenor atthe opera |
a contract which made all the others green with |
envy. He secured for his principal fifty appear |
ances during the season at a salary of $1,300 |
and the extraordinary condition that when this |
singer had been announced on the programmes |
for three days before the performance and was |
compelled to decline at the last moment he should
receive $800 for the use of his name. Naturally
such a wonderful contract caused a flutter among
the agents, who immediately opened their note
books and entered its terms for future use Tt is
extremely doubtful, however, if they will ever
lave an opportunity to use this information at
the Metropolitan Opera House, This singer |
has been frequently ill and has given up many
performances, but he has received his 8800 on each
occasion, So Mr Grau will probably agree to
neo such condition in the future Another singer
at the opera has the privilege of refusing to sing
three times without having the failure to appear
to count among the number of appearances guar
anteed to her. If she has a guarantee of fifty
performances and declines to sing three times |
and at the end of the season has sung only forty |
seven times sho still receives full compensation. |
Most of the women in the company have the right
!

to exercise the same privilege at times

Next to the difficulty of arranging the question
of loss through illness is the distribution of the
performances, A singer for instance wishes
to appear twice a week in order to exhaust the
eight appearances guaranteed to her during
the month. She does not care sing
four times in ene week and not all
the next So the agents who pride them
selves on their skill in making contracts arrange
that the singer shall appear twice in every seven
days and in this way singers are kept regularly
before the public, they are not overworked and
their performances are not brought too close to
gether. Some of the singers who come to this
country without putting such a clause into their
contract realize their mistake when they see
their associates in the company put forward at
regular intervals in just the manner they desire
with performances separated by periods suffi
ciently long to enable them to rest. The same
arrangements are made with the men, who, ex
cept in the case of the tenors, are usually willing
to sing as often as the management will allow
them to. Edouard de Reazke sane seven tines
in one week last season and M_ Plancon sang
last week five times. [1 was the greater endurance
of his” Polish associate in the company that led
the gentle Plancon once to observe, more in sor
row than in anger, that M. de Reszke was nota |
singer but a horse If M. Planeon had been |
equal to seven appearances a week he would
have heen perfectly willing to allow the oponre
brious epithet to be applied tohim. Nothing
so delirhts a singer as to sing as many times
as nossible every week. But practically none
of the sopranes can sing often with any regu
larity and it is almost as impossible to the tenors,
although M. Jean De Reszke always demands
as a condition of bie appearances on the road
that he shall be allowed to sing three timesa
week Mme Calve started out on a road tour
last fall with the idea of singing three times a,
week. She soon had to give that up) Mme
Sembrich did it for four weeks’ before the com
pany reached Boston, but was delighted to take |
a week's rest here before the season opened at
the Metropolitan

There are many other details which have to
he looked after in) the contract Every singer
has aright to choose the role in which he or she
shall be heard here first. Most of them insist |
upon being allowed to sing certain roles at least
once. ‘Two women ot the Metropolitan Onera |
House have in their contracts clauses by whicl
they are permitted to sing Juliet Usuallya
singer gives a choice of three or four roles in
which he wishes to appear to the management
and then several others in which he fancies him
self especially are stipulated for subsequent per
formances. Most of the women maneuvre te
get the first nieht in New York and they have all
sorts of enstiron regulations and conditions
to the place where their names shall he nrinte
en programme, and in this respeet thes
not only look out for their own interests, but also

at

the

ttre to make conditions as to the relative impor

| tance of their names and those of the other wr

the corral |

hesueha

in the company ‘This has cove te
(pera

ridiculous matter at the Metropol tan
House, however, that sensible people look with |
a amile of nity at the manner in which all reason
able and logical sucession of the charactersat
the onera is destroved for the sake of humoring
the whims and ecaprices of the prima donnas
Next to the time of their appearances and the
number the men and women are most interested
in the question of appearing on Sunday nights
and at the popular evening performances of
course, all but the stars mist appear whenever
Mr. Grau wants them to so long as the number
of their guaranteed appearances has not heen

\ exceeded during the month, but with the princinal

The will |

automobile then started toward the other side |

of the corral, dragging the roped steer in ite wake
An exit was made from the corral by careful steer
ing and the wild automobile started on @ trip
across the big pasture As soon as the other
cowboys who were watching the roping proceed
jogs understoo what the trouble was about they
overtook the runaway and cut the repe to which
the unfortunate steer was attached. The two
cowboys stuck manfolly to their post and after
the machine bad run about fifteen miles they
managed to wet the propelling lever working
again and it was brought to a standstill, No
further attempts will bo made to nse the auto
mobile for roping cattle until the cowboys under-
stand better how to manage it

singers it is different. ‘They all stipulate that
thev shall not appear mere than a4 certain number
of times on the Saturday nights or at the Sunday
concerts, and they struggle fiercely against any
attempt to make them appear when they are not }
required to. They consider that beneath their |
dignity, and are not even satisfied with the faet

that they do wonders for the management and

themaelyves by being able to draw lar audiences |
unaided by strong casis, foras a on only one

star appears on a Sunday evening. Apart ftom |
the question of operas in which they are to appear
the women sometimes try te omak* conditions
as to the tenors with whom they are to sing. One
of the prima donnas made a serious effort last |
year to stipulate not only that she should sin

a certain part, but also that she should sing it
with a certain tenor Her object in doing this |
was not to be associated with the tenor named

because he inspired her to particularly brilliant

edurt or because she liked him any better than |

 

  

) session
| Was fora certain period of years to be the only
| Sinwer who should appearas./ulietieur Marguerite

‘our persons

she did the others, bui tecause he was certain to
draw a big house when he sang and for that reason
she wanted to appear with him
to be classed rather with the curiosities of operatic
contracts which are sometimes forced on the man
agement. Se long as they are not important
Mr. Grau is likely to let the prima donna and her

agent put in any conditions that may gratify

them and de not cause him inconvenience on loss

One curious instance of the diplomatic battles
which are wased in order to obtain possession
of certain roles happened between two rival prima
donnas whe were several years ago members
of the company. One of these women had suc
ceeded in cajoling an offieial connected with the
management to guarantee to her exclusive pos
of certain operas by Gounod She

\Nnother prima donna in the company whe had

| made her principal success ino these two roles

learned of this and decided not to come to the
United States. ‘The first prima donna was tri
umphant in the exclusive possession oof these
two parts. The following year both came back

; One was taken ill and it was impossible to drop

the two operas from the repertoire because she
was notable to sing in them. Indeed it Was her
determination to retain the role of Juliette which
eeccounted in @ measure for her illness, as one
night when she was extremely hoarse she sang
the role rather than allow her rival to have it
Finally she had to return to Burope. The role of
Julietle was given to her rival shortly after, and
that episode was preceded by some remarkable
diplomatic procedure. Her agent required a
stipulation that if the prima donna who had been
for two years kept out of the part should consent
losing itas an accommodation to the management
the other, when she returned from her vacation
jn Furope two months later, should not under any
circumstances be asked to appear in it. Mr
Grau submitted to this and the victory was in
mane on his side, because he knew perfectly
well that the prima donna had no idea of coming
back, although she did not say so

THE MINISTER IN CAMP.

 

If Awake to His Opportunities He May Be
of Value, Eapectally in Maine.

After all the dinner things had been put away
in the china closets and John Junior had strewn
the aids to his education over the dining room
table and the little girls had said their prayers
and had been tucked in bed, then for the first
time Mrs. Singletary found time to discuss the
events of the day

‘John Henry,” she said to her husband, “I
really do think that Dr Winslow is the most un
selfish man I ever knew. He told us today that
under no circumstances would be go to the Paris
Exposition this summer Now, what do you
think of that”

Well,” said John Henry, “just here is where
1 too establish a reputation for unselfishness,
Under no circumstances will 1 go to the Paris
Exposition this summer. Now do you consider
me as speeding in the same class as the parson”

“Why, John Henry,” said his wife, “you surely
do not mean to disappoint me, do you”

And from the dining room came another reply
“Say, pop, remember what you promised me
T ain t flunked once and we re away over in prob
lems in equations involving three or more un
known quantities, and you can ask teacher if
I haven't done them all right”

"It is herein only too evident,” said Mr Single
tary, “what advantage a minister has over a
man, Unselfishness in the pulpit is not to be
tolerated in the pew. Well, | will not go to Paris,
but all the rest of you shall, according to my sol
emn promise dependent on Jobn Junior's success
in algebra. But it ought to be easy enough for
Dr. Winslow to give up Paris in view of the fact
that he was eight months abroad last year Really,
that's not one of those thrilling sacrifices you
read about.”

“Thats not atall fair, Jobo Henry,” protested

his wife in her capacity as President of the Ladies’
Aid Society You know the first part of that
trip was a tour of the Holy Land, and then the
boats were so crowded he couldut get accom-
modations untllate in the autumn ‘That was
what kept him so long And it was time
well spent, for if only you had attended church
as you should have done you would have heard
a most interesting series of sermons on ‘Hallowed
Spots of the Reformation,’ where they burned
people to death, you know, or put them to the
torture for being Presbyterians

‘Yes, ves Butisn't all that rather far from
the topic of the minister's vacation”

“So itis, and that was what I started to tell
you, Well, the Ladies’ Aid met this afternoon
at the parsonage. And ata litle before 5 Mrs.
Winslow sent into the study to have the doctor
come in and join us and then we had tea.
I mentioned the subject of his vacation, for it is

‘a gentleman

Then |

one of our standing orders to take that subject |

up early so 4s give us something work for
Then he told us about Parts, what I have just
said. you know. He says that he wants to get
near to nature's heart and this year will go into
the Maine woods where there is fishing and hunt
ing and health, It's just a lovely idea, don't

| you think so0""

Well,” replied Mr. Singletary, “I don't know
about that. As a general thing, the clergy are
decidedly out of place in the woods Suppose
you've been calling a moose pretty near all night
and you are just getting him in ronge when some
one in the party sneezes = You don't want to be
bothered thinking of a minister just then But
sometimes a minister is mighty handy to have
in the woods. | remember one time that 4 min
ister came to the relief of a party of us Cama ee
out in Maine. We were up on the Passaquediac,

ihe overcoats are always made

| dressy as possible, for they are practically
| overcoat and nothing else here

and there was the slimmest kind of # tote road out |

w civilization and such like After we got fairly
settled down we were joined by another man and
hisguide  Helooked all right therein the woods,
and he could shoot, and he was 4 wizard with the
fish, and at night he could beat our camp Cook
all hollow, and in general made bimself the life of
the party. He gavehis name as James Brown,
but after the first day be was Jim to everybody
It was all very fine for a few days, so long as the
stuff lasted that we had been able to bring in on
You know that they
characteristic laws in the State of Maine whieh
make it nughty uncomfortable for those who have

have some |

not been brought up under them and are tLerefore |

uufamiliar with the ways of dedging them = Ina
cam) upli the woods you've got te have something
of thet sort, there's any quantity of snakes up
there, and then it's good to prevent fever and
ague, and ticks, to. it's a splendid thing to get
rid of ticks Soin fact¥You can't get along without
it, So, when the stuff wave out we were thinking
of Dreaking camp and going home, although we
bated toin the worst way, Chen was the time for

  
 
 
 

| grades of furs are left mostly to women

Jim te Show out fine He had brought up with |
his things a small barrel, and thathad been stand
ing at the back of the shack unnoticed Now
he rolled itdown to the leehtof the fire, and for the
first time we sew the label on the tag that was
tacked on the head «fit, ‘Lhe Rev, James Brown, |

Passaquedin Me Sermous It seemed mw
natural a thing that the barrel had passed every
constable on its pata without exciting a shadow
of suspicion When we got the heed of the barrel
off we saw thot our lives were saved, for be had a
berrel filled with carefully packed bottles, and
our fears of fever Vanished immediately

"Say, pop, was be a real minister’

 

was the

) question from the studentin the dining room

"Ssh, dobnny!" said his mother You should
have been abed long ase, and you must not listen
to your fathers stories until T have heard them
first and decide whether they are fit for children
Of course, suéi a man was not @ minister, and it
was very wrong of bim to use se reverend a title
to cloak his dealings in liquor, whieh the law for

hids in that State
“Real minister’ seid Mr. Singletary, “I shouid
good one, too, Since

say he was, and 4 ranting
then [ve heard bim preach several times. If Dr
Winslow is really going into the Maine woods
this veor TH have te put him up te thet little game
for he'll find it mighty bandy

“John Henry Singletary.” said the lady who
owned that name, “if you dare to hint such a thing

| toourgood Dr Winslow Tshall never forgive you”

AT THE Z00 PARK,

VIERCE WOLF
A Specimen From Russia Steals a Woman's
Moff and Attacks a Keeper,

The largest exhibit in the range of wolf dens
in the New York Zoological Park, a great gaunt
brute which a few months ago roamed the steppes
and forests of Russia with his mates, is aply
taining the reputation of his kind for feroeity
ind treachery, His) first exhibition of
cceurred lost week and a woman was his vieum

us
temper

She was stvnding by the cage and extended her

muff toward it while calling the attention of her

eveort to the animal The wolf bounded against
the bars with bared teeth and hair bristling in
his rage. He aimed a vicious blow between the

pars at the womans extended arm He missed
her arm by so narrow a margin that he caught
the muff in his claws and dragging it into the
enclosure tore it into nmbtens Among the rem
nants WAS a purse the contents of which far ex
ceeded the cost of th iff, although wit) was
valuabl

The woman had aby
of the beast sattack w
of the youngest of the
found her bewailing
Armed with a club

ut recovered from che shoek
en Lidgar Stepsens, one
heopers, came along and
’ her valuables
ephens entered the enclos

 

lows oof

 

 

   

ure and secured the purse, (he wolf greeting him
| with an angry snarl but saunking off on seein,

that he was armed, ‘Three days tet Aldin .

Loring, curator of the mammal department,
entered the enclosu unarmed, depending, as

he had often done bef. ) his familiarity with
the animals under his charge being « sufficient
safeguard against attack ‘The wolf loped about
the enclosure keeping well away from Mr, Loring
until be thought the man was off his guard, when
the brute sprang full at his throat

Lonng jumped aside, put she wolls jaws closed

lan his shoulder and the animal bere heavily upon

himin an endeavor to drag hin to the floor “he
Jharp teethof the wolf cut throveh the several
thicknesses of winter clothing until Loring was
apie to tear himself free at the sacrifice of his
garments He slipped out of the enclosure, leay
ing the wolf snarling over liberal samples of his
uniform. ‘The wolf's teeth had grazed his shoul
der. but the thickness of the clothing bad saved
him from @py material injury,

| reason he is able to ¢

| Ting Fang

) rank and large possess:

MORE OVERCOATS OF FUR,

But this deserves |

 

THEY ARE NOT EXACTLY POPULAR

HIRE, RUT HAVE A USE,

New York's Winter Too Mild to Permit
Them to Be in General Demand—Special
lees) They May Cost From 865 to
910,000 - Some Notable Overgarments,

It was said by # leader of fashion a few years
ogo that a man couldn't put more than 8300 worth
of clothes on his back at once and be dressed like
This reckoning counted $128
for a suit of clothes, $100 for an overcoat, $20
for underclothing, and the balance for shoes,
hat, gloves, shirt and minor articles of apparel.
It did not of course include jewelry. By that
dictum any one who wore clothes aggregating
more than the amount named was guilty of over-
adormment

Tn most respects the price of high-grade cloth-
ing bas changed litle in the last twenty year
‘The fashionable taflor w-day charges for a eure
of clothes about what the fashionable tailor o
1880 charged. But the sum total of 8800 can be
raised now to six times that amount, and the man
not be overdressed, for he can pay $1,500 of more
for his overcoat. Asan overgarment for general
wear (he fur coat will never become popular in
this city, because the great warmth of the fur
lining is not suited to this climate, but for wear
over evening clothes on winter evenings it is
steadily growing in popularity. Almost any
night during the grand opera season a large pro
portion of the men of the Metropolitan Opera
House come in furlined overcoats. ‘These coa:s
represent an expenditure of from 8300 to perhajs
$2,000. ‘The best coata for comfort and suitability
to this climate are the cheaper ones.

Formerly a man who bought a fur-lined over
cont thought that he must havesealskin. Fashion
has changed in that respect. For one seal over-
coat day, ten of mink or beaver are made. What
sealskin overcoats are made come very high,
for only the lightest and finest quality of akin is
used for this purpose. The ordinary sealskin
used for lining an overcoat would be so unbearably
warm that it could hardly be worn in this climate
more than half a dozen times during a winter.
\ long overcoat lined with really fine sealskin
will cost at least 81,000, and with specially picked
skins it way go to double that amount. Last
winter a Canadian visiting here paid $1,800 for
such a coat. Sealskin of this quality wears well,
and bas this advantage over all other furs, thas
the destructive clothes moth excludes it from his
diet. ‘The dye with which it is prepared for the
market does not agree with that ravenous insect
Other furs have to be watched constantly.

Mink fur has been popular for the last few
years with those who can afford to wear fur-lined
overcoats. A good coat of this fur costs from
$300 to $500, according to the quality of the fur.
Beaver cosis just about the same. Both furs
are comparatively light and very warm; too warm,
in fact, so that the etlort of the furrier is to get
good quality pelts which shall not be too thick
An Astrakhan coat costs $375 and is popular
because of the rich silkiness of the fur

The very heavy fur overcoats with the fur on
the outside are almost never seen in this city
There used to be an old and very fat man who
went about downtown clad in an old-fashioned
vearskin overcoat which dtagmed about his heels,
and except on the very coldest days he steamed
like a Turkish bath patient. In’ the northern
part of this State and in Canada these bearskins
are the best coats possible for the country people
who have to drive long distances when the tempera-
ature is below zero and many of the prosperous
farmers wear them, the materlal being either
a trophy of their own skill with the gun or 4@ pur-
chase from some hunter, Huffalo hides are ex
tremely warm and comfortable, too, for a cold
climate, but. there has been a tremendous rae
in price since the American bison became 80
searce. Fifteen years ago §50 would buy 4 fine
buffalo robe. To-day the man who owns a4 buf-
falo robe coat is lucky if he got it for less than
$300

“There is never what you would call a lively
trade in fur overcoats in this city,” sald a well-
known tailor, “There may be posal iy 2,000
men in this city who wear fur coats. The high-
class tailors probably don't average more than
six or seven of these coats a year. The climate
here isnt suited to them, Such men as do pur-
chase them use them either for driving behind
fast horses up the road or for evening wear at
the opera or tocarry with them when they take win-
ter trips to the Northward, ‘The wear on such 4
coat is easy. as it is put on comparatively seldom;
consequently it lasts a number of years and the
tailors hardly reckon the making of those gar-
ments a regular part of their businesa. In fact
we have nothing lo do with the furs at all. We
simply take the contract for the whole coat and
then turn it over to a furrier to iy in the lining

ong and of some
as to be as
4 drees
As & matter
of fact the man who wears one of these coatsin
this city takes a chance Light as we can make
them they are still altogether too warm for our
climate, and the man who swathes himself in one
of them in the evening and goes out the next
morning when it is perhaps just as cold oreven
colder tempts pneumonia and kindred ills unless
he is mighty careful of himself. The St, Paul
or Minneapolis or ‘Toronto man has some actun!
use for a fur coat; the New Yorker has none,
unless he's anwmic, except as a handsome, showy
overgarment. ‘The lightest fur-lined coat T have
ever succeeded in turning out was made of what
the trade calls squirrel heads. It is a small
portion of the skin, I think off the head and neck,
of the gray squirrel. More than a thousand skins
went to make that coat, but it cost not more than
8200. It was an extremely light coat for a fur
garment and was more than warm enough for
wear in this vicinity. My own belief is that a
man who buys a4 fur coat for wearin this city is
not only wasting his money but taking chances
with hie health aswell, What was really the most
expensive fur coat, for what wear the owner got
out of it, ever made in this city was 4 chinchilla
lined coat made two years ago for a Wall Street
man. His tailor warned bim that it wouldn't
be satisfactory; that it. would wear right out,
but he eaid he could afford it and he wanted it
made according to his own ideas, It v@is made,
and he hadnt worn it a dozen times when the fur
began to look ragged and he was ready to throw
it away. It cost him in the neighborhood of
8500, which was about 840 for every time he put
it on and took it off.” \

Outside of sealskin the higher and more delicate
Men
do not affect them much. There is an overcoat
in New York, however, mode from the pelts of the
silver or Aretic fox which is said to have cost its
proud possessor more than $10,000 end 9 visiting
nobleman some years ago used to sport an overcoat
lined with the fur of the Russian sable which,
he said, was worth $8,000 His Excellency Wu
the Chinese Minister at Washington,
wears an overcoat lined with the for of the flery
fox and looks none too warm Initena chilly day
This fox. which is very small and rare, is found
in the northern part of China and its fur ts ae
expensive that practically none hut nobles of high
nsin China wear it

Cheap fur overcoats may be had, too, and there
is considerable trade in them in this city In the
Fast Side clothing shops one may buy 4 fur lined
overcoat at fron 865 te 800 which the storekeeper
will declare is of the finest quality. | In fact it is
either mink of a quality ao inferior that the high-
class furrier would not use it or rabl it, or the com-
mon or backvard variety of cat. The fur of the
cat, taken when not too old makes quite a eur
prisingly respectable looking lining to a coa
and there are many Who proudly wear it in al
innocence of its real character,” Skunk fur comes
a litt higher. [tis of good quality, but the scent
is likely to linger more or leas faintly and to maka
itself known in damp, mugey weather. Outside
of the furlined coats about the most a man can
poy for an ordinary overcoat is 8125. For this

smooth finish, high grade eloth, 80

| price he gets what is known as a fur beaver cloth

cont. This cloth is of delightful softness, is
remarkably light, so lieht in fact that one can
compare it only to eiderdown, and still very warm
But only those who have a large income to spend
on clothing can afford to wear it, not because of
ite initial cost, but because the soft and silky
cloth will not stand wear A cont of this kind
willnotoutlast a winter, even with the mest carefi!
wear Fur beaver ured to be in great favor with
the hich roiling gamblers; it is seldom worn now.

The Sinallest Man in the Army,
From the Ohio State Journa!

The smallest man in the United States Army
is stationed at the Columbus He is one
of the great family of Smiths. John Smith
by name and isa member of Company G, Seventh
Regiment

Private Smith is small in stature, but has a«
record that a man twice his size might well ta

Hie enlisted in the United States Arim>
the

post

proud of
in April, 1872. as a drummer boy, and this is
“im the distinetion of being

the smallest seldier in Unele Sam's service, He
iv litte more than five feet in height, and weighs
108 pounds

Alone in the ‘Sie an order was issued by the
War Departinent coing away with “calls” on
the drum and substituting the trumpet. ‘This
destroyed the usefulness of the drummer boys
and many of them became trumpeters But
Private Smith was anxious to be transferre:
to the line, and when he made application the
War Depertment, in view of his excellent record,
waived the standard of height and weight and
assigned him to the company and regiment to
which he now belongs He has a continuous
service credit of twenty eight years, and has heen
engaged in a number of campaigns. He served
with his regiment throughout the Spanish Amer-
jean War, and never once cid his size interfere
with his fighting qualities

Ata “fixed bayonet” he is scarcely taller than
his piece. He bas but eighteen months to »
and, it is presumed as is customary he
promoted to asergeanicy for re

a