TIE TRIFLES THAT BETRAY

ETecrivi: APPLIES A THEORY
°F 70 A MISSING CASHIER,

Him Three Thousand Miles
ia Man and Later He Discovered
’ A Omitted to Consider the
oe an of a Sharp Witted Weman.
When, shortly after lis arrival af the prison
Abe Cronkite, the former detective, Was entup
Into the hospital through the kindly Intercession
of {riends, the« Id Colonel regarded the proceeding
with pr found disfavor, He waa so accustomed
(0 be the one inmate of importance, that the idea
of a possible nval Aled him not only with jeal
but dso with olarm

We Carried
From H

oly
It was, therefore, with ill-concealed ansietys,
that the old Colonel peered through his glasses
at tle new comer What he saw was, however,
short, thiek-set man,

somewhat reassuring = \
@ith broad, good natured face and @ defiant air
@lich seemed to say that he suapped his fingers
atiate, who, after a shrewd glance from his small
gray eyes, raised bis hand in military salute and
said, “You: to command, Colone!.’ ‘Evidently
he man realizes who I am,” thought the poor
botonel with tremulous relief: and, indeed, as Abe
Cronkite subsequently remarked ou the quiet te
Smithers, the con man, it dint ke him long
f eice up the old wentleman,

Thenceforth, the old Colonel, if not fully con
winced, was at least less suspicious of any revolt
against his prerogative, He admitted an armed
truce, which, while it called for courtesy on hia
part, alee demanded a sharp watch and quick
repulse for any assumption of superiority by the
other. ‘The detective, on his part, read the Colonel's
qQiirks and starts, with an easy affability which
must have bean useful to bim in former days,
when it wasa matter of business to gain and hold
eonfidences. All this was shown, one day
fm a conversation between the (wo.

‘I've always ohaerved, Colonel,” the detactive
was saying, “that insiqniAcant traits are those
most apt t betray a fugitive. Por tastance, if
you had a drooping exe lid, ora foot that: turned
in, of a shoulder that hiked up, you would try to
cover up the defect 1 some WAY, how, wouldn't
you’ Of course: similarly, if you stuttered, you'd
be mighty careful where and when and to whom
you spoke. And yet if you didn't go eny further
{a your caution, you'd bring up ata short turr
having left a plain trail behind you, It's the
little habits the things 4 man te fond of doing
the stories he tells, the tobacco he smokes, the songs
he sings. the way he likes his eggs and coffee
and oysters, the church he used to attend in his
good davs, whether he plays the horses, or bucks
the timer or follows the stock ticker; these are the
things that a first class detective wants to know
most of all about the man he's piping, and if that
man has some such habit or taste and doesn't
avoid ithike pizen in a blue glass bottle, the chances
fre that it will throw him sure before the time
limit is half exhausted

“Sure?” repeated the old Colonel, rather irritated
by the soundness of this philosophy, “I suppose
eo in your case, at all events. Of course such a
famous Hawkshaw as you made a4
take,”

‘Oh, of course not.” agreed Cronkite readily,
"and that's why I landed here, after thirty vears
pervice, and without your feeling of blamelessness
either, instead of drawing half pay and smoking
my clay to home, Never made a mistake, Col
onel?) Why, IT can think of a famous case where
I got a clue dead to rights, through that very
method T was telling you about, and when I had
eversthing in my grasp, and a big bundle of good
etuf? coming my way, | was throwed down and
Jumped upon by a slip of a girl who you wouldn't
think would dare to walk to Sunday school on a
bright afternoon without her maid.”

“It was about ten years ago, Colonel, when T
was in the employ of a secret agency that the
manager gave the Hapgood case to me with the
instructions of full time and a free hand, for such
were the orders of the surety company from which
ft came. Allenson Hapgood, it seemed, had heen
the trusted man, cashier and all that of a big
private banking house, downtown in the city
He hail been with them for years and they couldn t
do too much for him, making their boast that he
made their interests bis very own, which indeed
he did, and that it was well-nigh impossible to
drive him from his desk to take even a short vaca
tion. IT could have told them then, as I did tell
them later, that this singular devotion to business
ought to have made them suspicious, and that
the only eafe way to do with aclerk who won't
take a vacation, is to put aman on himand on his
books However, the house became so affectionate
and consarned about Hapgood, that finally he
did geo away for two weeks. The time passer
and he didn't show up. More time passed, and
they learned that none of his city chums had
heardanything{romhim. Atfirst, they imagined
foul play and had the river dragged and all that,
but atlength they bad the books dragged instead,
and the foul work they found was very far from
play, you can wager He had done them up,
through a course of years, to the tune of several
bundred thousand; and now, like a Sheriff's re-

turn to a bad debt, was non- inventus

“For all he was 60 smooth, Colonel, Hapgood
waan't so slick as he might be, or else he would
bave stolen a little more and have indemnified
ome private capitalist t go on his bond for the
fifteen thousand they had required of him at his
last promotion. Instead of that he went to a
surety company, and after that company had
promptly coughed up the dough to the firm, it
wrote his name on its bad book in indelible ink
It was 4 serious mistake, Colonel, the house, after
a littla, when they got their mad off, would have
let up on him, charging the whole amount to
profit and loss, and wiping it away like some
pickery taste on the lips; but the surety com-
pany, never, It was a matter of principle with it,
fifteen thousand of principal: and it would no
more stop following Hapgood than it would hand
out its choice indentures free, gratis, to all comers.
A mistake it was, which might have proved fatal,
{f tne girl, Julie, of whom I'm going to tell vou,
hadn't been cuter, not only than he, but also than

another party, which modesty forbids me from
Baming.

“Well, Colonel, when | got my instructions,
which were carte blanche and neil him, 1 went
down to the banking house and saw the head of
the consarn; the struttiest old cock you ever see,
with gray sideboards, and a white neckeloth,
which he wore instead of a collar, held together
by a blazing diamond pin, and throwing out a

lance as if he'd paralyse any one for daring to
Breathe, a regular old strike em-slff, Colonel,
not unlike you, | imagine, in your good days,
aud up and upper, you know, No sooner had |
begun my gilestions than he waved me aside
"We disposed of that matter for all time,’ he said,
‘when we settled with the surety company. ‘But
Idon’t know anything about the inan,' I protested.
here he said he was goilg,when he went
“This is potan intelllgence office.sir,’he thundered;
‘it's a bauk;' aod he slammed the door of his pri-
vate office in my face

“| was just picking myself together and wonder-
ing whether all my bones were broken from the
mental shock, when a clerk, in the outer room,

never mis

 

as I passed through, gave me the wink and
whispered ‘See Mr. George; he's got it infor
Haprood So that nigbt 1 went up to the Cosmo

politan Club and sentin my card with my business
writon it, to Mr. George, the juniorest partner
He was a nice young fellow, though he looked
awful sore when IT mentioned Hapgood's name,
aud he told me all be could think of his former
frend; that he was a@ tall, colorless man, with
finical ways, fond of dress, devoted to the fair sex,
fearful of the sea, luxuriousin bis tastes and with
plenty of the real stuff put away to gratify them
with, hating any kind of life bul city life, wanting
to be coddjed, a boon companion, a lata sitter, a
moderate crinker, and considerable of an epicure
"The kind of aman,’ [ asked, ‘who would think
this sort of thing about the right sort of thing”
*‘Keaactly, replied Mr. George, with a swear word
‘Here's where he stayed and I gotcehummy with
him tomy loss.’

‘las he any personal defects”

  

I continued,

‘None’ says he, ‘except his character, and he
ain't showing that to every one "Then what
{s he fondest of doing’ ‘Why sitting around

{ those little

with the boys tate at might in one «
rooms,’ says he. ‘But what is lis specialty
| persisted; ‘gaming, billiards, horses’ ‘Oh
none of them especially,” says he) ‘any or all of
them on the aside, for @& recreauon ‘But what
can he do best’ I went on, gelung hopeless
in my mind. ‘Why I suppose he can do his hest
work with his pen,’ says he, “he's shown that,
hasn't he” ‘I don't mean that, | answered,
‘hs woulda't show off how he could forge before
his friends, would he Butif you were all sitting
around In that little room, smoking and drink
ing at ease, wnat would he do to impress the com

ny; tell a story, sing a song, or wha ‘Oh,
i ‘sass Mr. George with a sudden lightin his
evesas if be really did, ‘why tf there wor strangers
there, whom be had never mot before, the chances
ate ten to one that he would send for pens and
paper and offer to lay the odds that he eculd write
his signature with each band, at the same time,
nd that you couldn't tell one from the other,’
Was he left handed or double handed” I asked.
‘No,’ he evplained, ‘he had just trained himself

 

 

   

nee pati

|

 

4 knew it

‘

 

; ral

 

 

 

 

to do so much and no more. It was @ pretty trick
and he was fond of showing it off.’

“L felt a liwe better after this, Colonel; so L
took a turn in another direetion and asked young
George whether, when Hapgood went away he
wok al) bia personal finery with him ° hy
or course he did. be rephed, ‘two trunks full;
enough heavdkercliefs and under tinen te fit
outa half dozen Beau Brummets in their prime
‘Particular about such fixings. | suppose” | econ
tinued, ‘Lord, ye he says, ‘everyihiog a
bo jal importation, after his own cranky ideas.’
‘Then everstping marked” PE went on. “Why
certainly,’ he says, ‘why do you give me sue
foolish) questions’ Everything morked with
his initials, \. H

“Twas just golig to ask whe, too,
the ot Cotonel

“Well, Colonel,
telling you, whieh t

interrupted

said Cronkite, “I don't mind
didn't think jt necessary
to do then for Mr. George. A finical, dressy man,
tke Hapgood, gets away three weeks before he
is discovered, with the clothes hes stuck on, all
marked with his initials, A. HH. He wants to
keep them. of course, for he doesn't know that
he can ever get ie same styles again, so when
he changes tas name, as he soon has to do, he
changes it so as still to bave the same initials
Do you twig’) Then Lo will conthiue wath my
Dex?

When | saw that young George was pumped
pretty dry, I gave bim whe one Lind held in re
serve, ‘You said a while age,’ says 1, that you
and Hapgood were chummy toe your losa. Now
on the ievel, what did you mean by that’ You
didn't refer to the forgery, [im sure tle got
red in ine face and sputiered a lithe. Theo,
finally, he said, says he, ‘If you must know, I
didnt have reference to that bit of pent larceny,
I haven't shought of that for a fortnight Hut
J introduced nim to a litte girl, upat the Regents,
named Jule whom | was very fond of, and be
And snes been miasing for a mouth,
aod | think he took ber with him, the villau,
else he coud go to the devil along with the money
for all of me.’

"So vou sea, Colonel, when T was back in my

 

den, thinking it all over, I found that | knew
quiw a little about my fine gentleman, He had
changed bis wame, but not bis initials; he had

stayed in this country for fear of a sea vosage
and he was in some city because he could t do
Without city jife. He hadn't gone Seuth, be
cause, as I forgot to teil you before, he had told
Mr. George he was going there; and wherever
he was, when he wanted to put on a front and
show off, his great trick was to write his signature
with each hand at the same time, and to have
the signatures come out identical, And here
again was an argument io favor of his heepig
the same initials; for he didn't do this trick natur
aliy, but only Ly long practice; and the nearer
alike his new name was to his old one, the sooner
he could show off again

I spent the next fow days mabing some iiqisces
up at the R ut's, and by showing myscif a
govt speader Ffound out that ove of the girls had
da letter from Jule, postmarked Chicage
and finalls PE got wightofit, Now, what do you
SUppose this important missive was about’ Sim
ply @ request to buy a faney lace bertha which
Mitie had seen in one of the shops, aud forward
it to her, weneral delivery, Chicago And | ven
ture the wssertion, Colonel, that ne other reason
could have made a sharp, capable woman, such as
this same Jule proved herself to be, take a chance
whit might betray her Which shows) that

   

 

those in trouble must wateh out all the time or
thetr pet follies will give them away Not that
there was anything very defluile About tials piece
of pews. Chicago is a big burg, and besides

the pair might well be a thousand miles away
befor L got there. tlowever, i) was a ciue, and
the only way to do any detecting, is Not to reason

 

too fine agaiost any clue that promises, Its
CASyY ChOoug fo thowa tl most promise one
while if you follow up a dozen, you may strike

the thread that loads plum nome, So out T weat
on the Limited

“Things went along at first, Colonel, a9 if ther
had ben all writ cut forme lke a partin a plas
‘The clerk at the general delivery window rene
bered the parcel being called for by a very pretty
young wornan When tasked bim if he bad ans
idea where she was staying, he said no, but per
haps Patrick. the porter, out on the steps might

 

 

 

 

be able to tell me, for he was pear by when she
gotint: hercarriage Very good, L was s pleased
over this intelligence, that T paid no attention
to the rather sly look of the young mnan as he
was giving it t) me Patrick porter, ott
on the steps,” proved equally cbhging and re

souree ful He, t remem red the young

woman, that ! as anyone might Who ever
put his two eves op her; aud she bad said te the

coachman, ‘Take met) my husband at the Circular
Club,’ soshe had = Sodepesed Patrick with many
a round eath, and with a cunning gleam int

  

   

 

eyes which came to me, nighis afterward, whe
Ihadthele: Uretothink it all ver, Hind thought
isa very gocd thing, Colonel, te keep aman from
being stuck on himself; but you cant make a}

red cent fr mit
“However, without any misgivings, Tset about

rigging myself in proper shape; and (he next
morning, asa waiter, looking fora job, in a white
choker and black alpaca shorteoat, bo steried for
the Circular Club The CireularGlub,¢ donel
learned upon inquiry, Was a rather fiy orgeniza
tion, taking its name from the number of bagh
rollers belonging to it, and Was jusi the sortota
luxurious joint that Hapgood would fancy

1 made for the side entrance, and waited about
patiently, until & young man came out whom
1 sized upasthe head ofthe hall bors Itdidn't
take long forime t) make up te im) there isa
masonrg among such men which T have f
useful many atime, anditsprings from an irrisast

  

ble desire to talk about those thes serve So,
though he beld cut litte hope of employment
to me, We Soon were seated together. in a cozy
place around the © orn with a uple of murs

 

and the best of good feelings between tis hie
told stories and T capped ther with better one

all dealing with the follies of the @ilaed youth

 

  

 

of the day, Gradually [led the way to queer
bets and odd tricks: instancing how one man I
had served could roll hiawself around the room,
balanced on the side ¢f an einpty itle, and |
another was wont t) tear a new pack { car
im to without the slightest tr uble

“My new acquaintance wasted until Tt had ex
hausted my freak supply, and thon from a ereasy
pocketbook, he drew cut 1 bit of paper
and on ene Je of this was written in fine Spen
cerian script, the name ‘Allen Hod What
do you think of that” says he T waited fora
moment, Colonel, before answe zr, test Po might
betray my joy in my voice Allen Hood. what

was this name but a contracti nf Milensen Hap
foul, the same initials, the same letters; just
the sort of a name that a man would construct te
wrve the twofold purpose of retaining bis fancy
linen and his one aceomplishment of trick writing’
Why. it looks like the work of a Writing maste;
at length I replied Then what do you tink of
this one” he continued, turning the paper Whi
it's a fac simile! LT cried; and so it was, Colon),
exact in shade and line All the saniee,” he
explained, ‘the swell that wrote them, turned them
out with a pen in each hand, at one ane the sane
time; and picked up 250 from those wh bet
couldn't. And I saved the paper, after they went
home, it all seemed so wonderful.’

“It's wonderful enough,’ | agreed, afier an
ment’s pause, ‘but not so wonderful as what Las
just come over me, and that is that I've gota
etier from my old master to this same Mr. Allen
Hood, of Chicago, recommending me as a valet
right up to time

“Then, you're about one week behind time
young man,’ retoried the club sereant, and, that
night, on the sleeper, | remembered with a sortef
a shiver the queer sortofanesve he gave me, ab ul
a week behind time,’ he repeated, ‘for it Was just
so long ago, that Mr. Hood and his wife, tomy
certain knowledge took, the Sunset flyer to San
Francise..’

“What else contd Ido, Colonel, but beliere and
act according” Hood was my ian for @ million
and my instructions were to follow him to the
ends of the earth. So, after drawing up a report
for the office, I, too, took the Sunset Limited for
San Francisco. 1 had been acting very rapidly
for more than a week; but now I had a few days
for reflection. and the more | thought things over
the more I didn'tlike them. My expenence kept
warning me that when events fitted one another
so nicely, without a hitch here or a bump there
they were more ept to be manufactured than natu
So, when I reached my hotel at ‘Frisco and
found awaiting me there a telegram from cour
agency which said, ‘Come home at once, you are
only 3,000 miles out of the way,’ | was far less
surprised than disheartened

"And disheartened | surely was, Colonel, when I
got back to our headquarters, and they told me
that they had sure information that Hapgood and
Sulie had sailed a fortnight before from Phila
delphia for a South American port, beyond the
reach of extradition J had nothing to say, and
there | differed from my bosses, who threw chunks
of language at me until | was completely floored

‘Time went on, and T remained in ignorance
as to who it was who had done me up Finally
the explanation came, a little delayed, but in fair
condition. Hapgood, one day, marched into the
banking house, much to the disgust of the old
strike em stiff, who had forgotten all about him,
and gave himself up = It seems, after they had
been a time in Argentine, the gin Jule shook hin
fora handsomer man, taking the bulk of the hoodle
with her He got homesick, and then penitent
and so worked his passage bach, vowing he'd
rather do a ten year bit In these United States of
Ameriky than lead the life ofaland baron in that
benighted country He got his choice in due
course, and [| paid him a visit in the enoler for
the purpose of learning how T had been footed
It was al! very simple, Colone After Julie bad
had her way, and written to her friend about the
lace, thus giving away where they were. she ra

  

  

 
 

ented. ofcourse, and wasin great fearof detection
fapgood laughed at her at t, but

went straight ahead, the « and

porter, and the head waiter to tell the
storias they «did. af any questions were
asked, and then fairly suaking him ut of the
country. Like many women of her class she

was awfully true to him, while she was true at a))
and it was due to her foresigit and precautions
that all my fine-spun reasonings came to naug}

 

Washington's Big Cedar.
From the Morn

SovtH Benn, Wash., Feb. 21-3. BR. Young
manager of the Burke shingle mill, whie
cruising out timber, ound a cedar tree near
the raat from South Bend to thea Palix, River,
which he measured © 1 to be fifty-six
feat in circumference, ora! cout eighteen feet in
diameter, It Was over seventy-five feet from

} Oregonian,

id four

 

the groundto the frst lint. The most famous
and heretofore largest, ce lar knewn in the
State is near Bedro-Woo'#s, the stump. of

which measures fourteen feet in diameter. The
top of It. was smoothed off and used as a dane.
ing platform, Photographs of {t, crowded with

ple, eraning their necks to get their faces
aken, have been scattered widely. Thisstump
really consiats of two trees grown together,
but the tree discovered by Mr. Young ls a
single one, ner ia it swell-butted,

 

 

 

 

THE ZODIACAL LIGHT,

NEW OBSERVATIONS OF A MYSTERY
SEKEN IN THE SKY,

The Strange Light That Hae Puzzled As-
tronomers for 300 Vears-Mr. Bayldo
Studies of the Phenomenon tn the Pa-
cifle- Theories About It, Old and New,
Por 300 years astronomers have seen at times

4a mystic light in the sky on clear nights rising

from where the twilight was dying out at
sunset or preeeding in the eastern sky in the
morning the first (rue dawn, and sometimes show
ing in the eastern and western skies at the same
time with « brilliancy equal to that of the Milky
Way. In all this time, although eminent as
tronomers bave sought for an adequate explana
tion of the phenomenon, science is yet baffled
in the quest, Wepler wrote about this mysteri
ous Licht about 1600, Descartes in 1630 and Chil
drey tn 16%), but it was not until 1683 that it was
named, Then Domine Cassini observing the
Nght particularly on the night of March 15, saw
that it reached up along the line in the sky marked
by the constellations through which the sun holds
its yearly course and named it the Zodiacal Light
and soit has been known ever sinca, The similar
hight which is seen at times opposite the sun's
Positions was styled the Gegensehein and so
it is known now, The rarity with whieh the
light is seen in its perfection in temperate chimes
and the lack of systematic observations of it tn
the more favorable parts of the earth within the
tropies have militated against the evolution of

@ satisfactory theory to account for ite mani

festations and many curious explanations — of it

have been put forth from time to time, Tha paper
just published by the Astronomical Society of
the Pacific, Prancis J. Bayldon of the Hritish

Royal Naval Reserve makes public a summary

of observations of the Zodiacal light and its com

panicn, the Gegensclein, which he made while
at sea during the past ten years, and the data
thus gathered under most favorable clreum
stances, will, it is believed, prove of great value
to those seeking the cause of the phenomenon
While seas in latitudes from 55°
north to an equal distance south of the equator,
during the long watches on deck at night, Mr
Aatlention to Zodiacal

he makes publi

 

 

 

sailing the

Basildon the
light and

of lis observations during the ten months pre

paid

the

great

records which

 

exiing September, 1894, prove that he was greatly
favored by oppertumity and that he is a careful
and aceurat® observer These observations were
allmadewhileon board the Canadian Australian
Reval Mail steamer Ncrangi, trading between
Sydney, New South Wales, and Vanconver, and

in themselves cover phenomena seen at various

 

plaves oa the Pacitle ranging, from 49° 26° north
latiiude to 18) south latitude and almast from
side te side of that ocear They were chosen

from scores of obeervations becatise of features
of special interest

It has long

been Known that in the tropics the

livht
haght

presented

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

selves 1 and
more | lati
tid the air
ver the Ocean is clearer and more favor
able r ih ervations than that over the
Atla und that Honolulu is most favorably
situa as remands latitude and clearness of air
foreritical observation of the yodiacal heht There
the sirange light often bridges the entire shy
r ib ming one with the ¢ nschein
and s one of bis conelusiona that on every
mormmng and evening tn tropical regions when
ut ky is clear and the m is either in the Arst
or the Iast quarter the eastern and western cones
of light may be seen, while ou very clear moon
less mi@its the band of light reaching from nizon
to horizon vy be visible during the whole night
In our clime the liacal light makes is appear
ee only after sunset in spring and before sun-
rh in the autun and the eceasions when it
ly re than a cone of light reaching up
from the sun's Position are rare indeed Phe
presence of the full moot hides it and the small
estameuntof mistin the cir causes il to disappear
When itdoces show, itys as a mass of soft) lumi
we, sity. as brightasor brigiter than the Milky Was
tapering like a « > With vis apex rarely risi gc}
hiher than the cluster of 1 Hieiades of Seven
Sisier The assis of the ¢ epPProsimates
to i} line of ¢ pti Occasionally, tut
I long intervals, the Gegenschein has been
“ wi ' net bane flight has bees
d vered iv European tatitudes by only a few
bserver having p irly favored places
fr VINE rstt f ihe heave
Very different sight which greets the
bserverinth p lear muonless evening
He will noth that the twihgut seen linger
near! trac aid then gradualts
it ms to draw ieelft erand geow brighter
woth at stand it distinetly in a broad footed
bend of light resung on the horiaen Lhe ligit
is brightest ne the horizon and in the ceptre

 

of the cone and fades off gradually until the lines

 

   

where its lost are diffieult to establish, As it
rises if parrows at t rapidly and then more
gradually unul at} its that vary from time
to time. it resolves itselfinte a band of light, per
haps 20° cormore in widtt Which reaches
clear across the sky to the Gegensebein whieh
rivalsin brightness the cone of light in the trail
of the sun. The Gegenschein seems to take on
fanciful changes under varying circumstances,

wiier appearing as a brigit oval of hight instead
[tis sightslike this which Mr Bayldon

f these

of acone

deseribes in parts of his paper On one

 

nights, \Vug. 10, 1898, the spectacle became se
brilliant that be Wed ip a fellow officer of the
hip to withess it This night was nest to the
end & f might observations of the bight
ie] continuously from. Aug, & te
Ae Of thus might Mr Bayldou
wr

Aug. 10 R MOS. Aorangs, latitude 82° south,
longitude 175° west, ® 1° M After moonset
west branch fairly bright, brighter than of late,
tothe Galexys. Outlines much as before, but not
quite so fer north Gegenss hein visible from
SPM, nesrly circular, with blank space as Le
fore: but the whole Gegens hein is brighter than of
late and the blank space showed the sightest
luminosity, though stil darker than the surround
ing portions, toward LP. M., when it was over
head

wPM
branch quite Gustine!
to the south than of tate
seen were 18) broad across the sky, the broadest
I have yet seen the connecting band — Its centre
was brighter and more « oncentrated for a breadth
of 10, and the Gegenschein formed part of this
brighter central portion

ANinight The baht formed a uniform broad
path of luminosity across the sky fully equal to
the less illuminated parts of the Galaxy

1A M. Still continued to a uniform breadth
of 19° or 20° from the Pleiades to the Galaxy, in
Segitiarius and appeared so strikingly that 1
woke up our fourth officer to witness the spectacle
The Gegenschein appeared as 4@ brighter patch
in the midst of the band with a darker central
portion, which was the darkest portion of the shy
in the track of the light from ‘Vaurus to Sagit

 
  

 

 

 

Night magnificently clear Kast
and very broad, rather more
Phe full outlines easily

 

tarius, 2 e@, from the eastern herizen to some
4) above the western
“4 4M. Light very distinct, forming a

 

 

cone fully eaual te a third magnitude star, from
ern horizon between Proevon and about

 

   

ihe eas
hil Au then maintained @& contracted um
form breadth of 15 to 12° te the Galaxy in west
ern horizon ‘The bright cone was of uniform
brillianey throughout and crossed the Galaxy,

which was not visible at all

Heginning a seneson Nov. 30, Dee. 1 and 2,
1808, Mfr Bayldonyreeords observations made
lav. 16, Feb 1, July 1,3, 4, 5,6, 7, 8, Aug
79, 100 11, 15. 16. 17 and 18, 1599 On

lito ® he was at Comox, Vancouver Island;

on July 6 Sat Oahu, Hawaii, and in August

was epproaching Sydney, NOS Wo Tt has been
determined by others that the light is polarized
and thatit is probably reflected sunhght, but the
discussion as to ite real source bas been made
eciremely difficult owing to a lack of agreement
as to its character among observers. Various
ohservers have declared that the axis of the light
does not lie in the exact line of the ecliptic, butthe
angle which it forms to the plane of the ecliptic
was not detinitely determinable from their ob
servations. ‘The width of the light was alse
left in dispute because of the impertect manifesta
tons of it. which have apparently formed the
hasis of most of the descriptions. Perhaps the
tnost interesting of the conclusions which Mr
Havidon has reached as the result of his ten years
of observations ia that the Zodiacal light consists
in reality of a band of light of uniform width
running around the earth and that the conical
form which it assumes near the horizon is due
‘oan atmospheric effect which is entirely separable
from the direct cause of the light itself This
band of light, he declares, is, according to his ob
servations. of « uniform) breadth of 29°,
and 't is inclined to the plane of the ecliptic atan
angle of about 4° crossing the ecliptic maeht
Asension Oh, reaching its most northerly
declination of 27's in right ascension 6h, again
crossing the eclipticin right ascension 12h, reach
ing ite moat southerly declination of 27's°, in
neht ascension 1h, again crossing the ecliptic
in right ascension Ob

As the position of the observer changes to the
nerth or south, the line of the central axis also
appears to change. As the obeerver moves to

  

} base ot

the northward, it appears displaced to the north-
ward and as he moves to the southward it ap-
pears displaced to the southward, changing |
apparent position 1° for each change of about
ie) in the position of the observer,

“Thia displacement,” Mr. Bayldon — writes,
seema wo be greatest at small elongations from
the aun, as at the base of the cones and seems
to decrease as the elongation increases toward
the apexes of the cones and apposition.  Hesides
this displacement, there is also another, evidently
due to the refractive and absorptive properties
of the atmosphere whereby the base and lower
portions of the cones are thrown still farther to
the northward in north latitudes and to the south
ward in south latitudes.”

He thinks there are also probably seasonable
changes in the angle which the light makes with
the ecliptic, but of this he is not certain. Of
the uniform breadth of 20. which he assumes
that the light has all around the earth, the portion
visible from any oue point is at the widest about
22 Ata point about 105° on either side of the
sun he found the light to be brightest, and it was
at this point that the apexes of the cones were
always found to begin when they were fully visi
ble. "Beyond these,” he says, “the light can sull
he traced very fuint with varying breadth accord
ing to the clearness of the atmosphere, from 5°
broad to an average breadth of 12°, to an extreme
breath of 22°, which is seldom seeu, lying beyond
the zenith melt down to the eastern horizon at
} M. and tothe western honizonat A. Mo = Whereas
the cones rapidly taper from an apparent breadth
of, say, 80> at the horizon w 10° at their apexes;
beyond them the band tapers only 2° or 8° in
its path across the entire sky, and as the western
cone sets and is followed by the band, so the band
Assumes A cone shape very faint in intensity, or
over the eastern horizon the light appears cone
shaped, but as it rises to the zenith it becomes
of uniform breadth

Mr. Bayldon noticed the tinges of eolor, which
others have observed in the zodiacal light at times
but concludes that this was a result of atmos
pheric conditions He concludes, alse, that the
moon adds sufficiently to the zodiacal light to make
1) visible during the first and the last quarter, and
ethers have discovered that the moon itself pro
duces a similar light separate from that of the
sun. Mr Hayldon prepared three charts of the
apparent positions of the zodiacal light during
lis vowages in 1898, which show the apparent
changes that took place as he sailed from north to
soutl, and he also appends a chart of the outlines
of the zodiacal bands as obtained from his general

 

    
 

 

 

 

  

    

observations made in both north and south
jatitudes from 55° north to 54° south This
chartis as follows
3
“
< %
4 > ; £ . 2 3:
4 «6 @¢t e , £8
a t Sas 3
- 3 sett 8a, .% £ & ¢ 2
4 > ae ee EES ebus :
ee a E&e->* : a™ Rs
> @rce PS Shae S33 ee!
eketgig {G88 aa% 2g
oh: e8as88 : .
af er st SA ¢ ame
43s eskfcGuhia ‘=
SE4GB SHEAAGZFAL AGEL o
"i : a ~
BS en Bae enn ee g
: ’ ’ Ses a &
ied ‘ ~ = nes *
ac
ae
235 : §&.3 ¢ og
¢ s ~ Re? s es 2
. +s a3 : 5 es
2% S$ueGa 4 8: 38s g
Ses cage F ob: 8 €2,4
taf ZEx as $° 3 Sg"
_f 2, <-8oe asa C be
a S4¢-47880 82,-48°
Ks ASC ae BTR aR aed
‘ gee UES araace & =
are : rts a
7 ec Saar 4 vy Ate %egri™
i ow ~ ~
t< Snel ~,»ssmep get
& anne ea” ” - ”
ea
"#8 3
« & 2 &
t.84s asufa a it :
RS Gaede seee i a
ews =. & . 2 > s> -
Saen ter? Cas ® = “4% ”
SSesahF FF Su ss < ce «
SmeS Banus O46" © B38 a3
2 eGES eSSRi9 eS. £72 SG
~uesvsaasl gai aecbesa %
2 oe ° ‘ :-
BS Ot MARA FOLATE
o © 7 6 a) = .
< 7 2 79m ~s Si fannmame
2 ~ f =k Ci ’
; =
a

‘The earliest scientific theory to account for the
vodiacal lieht is that of Kepler, who thought it
was a manifestation of the atmosphere of the sun
Cassini explained the light by supposing the ex
tence of a fat tuminous ring encireling the sun
nearly in the plane of its equator.and he ace ounted
for the disappearance of the light on the same
Principle as that which explains the disa ppearance

 

  

of the rings of Saturn. Chaplain G. Jones of
the United States  sieam frigate Mississippi,
whe made many observations of the light as

seen in the China aod Japan seas in 1855, eon
cluded that the light was reflected to the earth
from a nebulous ring around the earth which lay
within the orbitef the moon, while the latest
theory is that the reflected lightcomes froma ring
of the dust supposed to be thrown off from. the sun

 

 

by its tremendous eeronal disturbances, which
tis assumed are driven out inthe plane of this
equator TT) seems possible, however, that there

should be no need of an assumption that the light
s refleced and polarized by anything beyond
Wo atmosphere [sit not Possible that itis

 

eur

 

the recult fa lens like formationof the atmos

phere cue to a tidal action uke that upon the

writers. and that this Polarizes and concentrates
thelight in the land in Which itis seen”
THE BARRUL TRUCK,

Made for That Special Use 200 Barrels
the Capacity—A Big Jersey City Truck.
lhe long trucks weed in carrying empty barrels

to and from the ¢ Pernges are especially made

for the purpose and kept constantly employed

in this use, co that justas there are drivers steadily
employed in other trades, so there are drivers
whose stecdy work isdriving barrel tracks.

The barrel trucks used in New York, in this
borough and in Brooklyn, are ofa capacity of 180
to 225 barrels A few one horse barrel
trucks are used of a capacity of less than 150
barrels, but the double trucks predominate, and
among these the trucks most commonly used
are of a size having a capacity of about 200 flour
barrels, There is running im Jersew City one
barrel truck on whichfcan be carricd 400 barrels
The etze of such a load can be imagined by those
familiar with the big loads carried in New York
The load seen here is likely to be of 200 berrels,

each

 

and this mokes a lead that looks like a small
motntail Empty flour barrels weigh about
eighteen pounds each, so that besides making a

very bulky load, 200 flour barrels make a tolerably
heavy one, being not very much under two

It takes care and skill to rope 200 barrels onto
a truck so that they will stay there; however well
stowed, they make a flesible, swingy load, thatis
always working somewhere. and if one barrel gets
out the whole load isin danger. Tut this rarely

tons

happens The experienced driver, who knows
just how to stow a load so as to get aboard the
greatest possible number of barrels that he can
carry, knows aleo just how to rope it so that it

will stay on, and, with such great length of line
ayound be always looks out for the slack. With
this bulky load, projecting weil beyond his wheel
the sides, and ont indefinitely astern, the
driver takes up a Jot of roomin the street, and he
Porth Weve Wilh Care Cites diivarn look pal ior
him, teo, of course, but things that are fixed in
their situation, or im their course, the driver has
to keep clear of, He looks out, for instance, not
te get too close to the curb on one side. where there
night be danger that he would rake off the street
lamps, and on the other side he must look outand
not get close enough to street car tracks to serape
the cars And another thing that he must look
out foris, when he is on a streetcar track himself,
the shde that the rear wheels of a vehicle often
take on the track when o driver turns out from
ito if be should Jet bis rear wheels take a long slide
his long, projecting load would sweep around in
the street like a@ projecting timber, so that, gen
erally epeaking, the barrel truck driver has a good
many things te look outfor; but, as arule, he gets
through with bis bulky load allright

 

Says He Sawa Top Spin 71 Minutes,
From the New Orleans Times: Democrat

“Il see that a couple of Northern sclentista are
angling over the invention of a top that spins
for an hour without stopping,” said a New Orleans
engineer, talking about mechanical curios No
detailed deseription of the device has even been
printed, but I can assure both claimants that itis
far from a novelty

“Over ten years ago, to the best of my recollection,
a German watchmaker, who was then living here,
made a wp which [ myself have several times
seen spin for more than an hour. His name was
William Freund, and | believe he is now at Dallas
Tex. He was a sort of all-round mechanical
genius and used to occupy his leisure by making
quaint automatic toys, which he generally gave
away. The long distance top consisted of a
metal sphere, about the size of a feottall, sur
mounted by two thin, wide disks, which, to the

best of my recollection, were made of un, with &
strip of lead around the edge Freund called the
thing the ‘Saturn top,’ because these disks made
it look something like the tamiliar pictures of that
planet. At the bottom of the sphere was a short
pin with a sharp point, on which the apparatus
revolved, and on top was 4 peg for winding the
string which gave itisimpetus No other mevhan-
ism was visible. Freund spun the toy in a smal
saucer the two or three times | saw it in motion.
He held it erect by a handle which rested in 4
cavity at the end of the peg, gave the string a
quick jerk and away it went, It wharied around
a smoothly and with such a total absence of
anything like Wobble that it was hard to discero
that it was really moving it appeared to the
standing perfectly still. Tbe longest time that
1 saw itspin Was) hour and 11 minutes, but on
other occasions it beat that record slightly.”

ScielinictseensanmsssedsimeanseineSanpneisnmpsensesea nip atin impeeinetiiede-emnentenasllendescs eases nbintvamaenesietainaeivinariciasniaiaaaaaaai

 

1
FROM FRISCO in for keeps ‘There's no way out of thi, T
Ne @ | is the real thing, and I don't care a--~"

,? Well, Ull bedamned” said 4 voice behind me

I wheeled around, and there was a fellow that
I had played marbles and shinny with back in
this partof the world, He had 4 sombrero on the
back of his head, bis hands were jammed into
his Pockels, sud he was smoking a cer 7
hadn't seen him for four years, and there he was
He handed me the eordial mitt

"Dye get let’ he inquired, nodding in the di
recHion of the disappearing train

“Well, notexa: Uy inthe way you mightimagine
iP you're judiging from this Little Hoy Blue make
up. TP told him, ond then DE handed bim the story
of my debut in “Mojave
broke in Los \tuweles the month before, and had
metupwiththeownerofasting of railroad eatine
houses, Includinwe the ona at Moave bled geet
the joboof managing the Mojave eating house,
and he was Ttin Sore

“But its not much mere than a
keep graft for ne. he said, ‘and 1d
how Tecan send you along up the line to Chicage
S'pose you stev alone and hash for me until
something turns up
fake care of the luneh room
you can have the job

LONG “HIKE”

417. «TELLS
47,

 

EXI-TANK NO. uow HE

NKGOTIATED

He Swapped Clothes With a Regular Army
Man Who Wanted to Desert ana Then
Porsonated an English Butler in|
Care of a Chicago Millionaire's Dogs.

“In order to get from San Francisco to Chicago,”
saidex ‘Tank No. 17 0f the Harlem Club of Former

Alcoholic Degenerates, “you have first got te

raise the price of aride on the ferry over to Oakland,

whore all caravans bound for the land of the rising
sun are formed. Well, [ got over to Oakland

Without swimming. | waited until quite a crowd

had formed around the ferry gate on the San

Francisco side, and when the gate was thrown

open, and the ticket taker had begun business,

I joggled my way through the bunch, holding up 4

 

lant

know

boar
n't

PU tire bi

 

handkerchief te thirty a month and keen
» t n SciTiet er ‘ eyo {
“Hey! | yelled after an imaginary guy who on ie “i nothing nay happen to give you a li
had suppositiously passed the ticket taker, “Ltook the job) Tt was dike manna from abeve,
‘you've dropped your mouchoir, old man; just at that. My former pat, the manager of the
ys, ane

 

eating house, passed me a suit of his
sold the soldier clothes toa teamster for $2, which
was more money than | thought there was in
the State of California since Ud gone broke ta
San Franciseo. | dished up the truck te the
hungry bunehes that rushed in when the trains
came along not many trains hesitated at Me
jave, at that and it was a pretty good job |
Agured on saving allofimy thirty per fora tieket
beck to Chicago after a couple ef months’ work
athashing = but I didn't need to

Nbout ten days after ld hit Mojace, a Jagaed
cockney got off the morning train that came in
from Las Angeles tHe had come to meet the
San Francisco train, eastbound He was A

Stay where you are and I'll hand it te you '

’The ticket taker didn't have time to look around
for the purpose of spotting the man who hadn't
dropped any handkerchief, and he passed me
through the gate, naturally, without demanding
any ticket, supposing that as soon as I'd returned
the dropped handkerchief to the owner thereof |
Vd come right back outside the gate Hut I
didn't come back J went right aboard the ferry
boat and mingled with the madding throng
Vor, in setting out from San Franciseo for Chicago
you've got to get to Oakland first i. :

“Thi | Name vou a bow, and he was to take charge,
ses noes Clears 1 yer asee tienen { oraamaa® of tive foxhounds that were hue on

MIS) n from San Praneises, and take care of
in scenes of tumult in San Francisco for some | ‘em for the remainder of the journey to Chicago
three months. No Eastern man may mingle in
scenes of San Francisco tumult for three months
and retain, atthe finish, the wherewithal for a ride
across the mountains to this side. He must
either have on his staff San Francisco bankers
who will honor his draft, or sympathetic relatives
on this side of the Divide who will make good in

  

as soon as he got aboard the train at Los Angeles,
and when he got off at Mojave he was talkauve
and blustery. Tle told me all about those fox
ounds, ‘ow they were travelling In the express
ear, ‘ow he was going to travel on the same train
In a firstrite Pullman, moind ye with the
dogs, and only ‘ad t see that they were fed hand
Watered on the way, and soon Then he eorned
| up alot more while he waited for the train to ar
j rive from San Francisco with the dogs relegated
|
}

 

To get

response to his telegrams, charges collect, Other
io his keeping during the trip across the continent
Oakland side, filled with a deep ardor to get back
to Chicage in a room over the eating house, all out te the
ot nicago last ounce, when the station operator get the
are formed for the Fast, and engaged ina tine ot | (nly afew miles away. My friend the boss of the
+” ’ eating 5 > Pc , )
sombre thinks. ‘The /eit motif of my thinks was ing houre had heard the cockney's spiel about
“Well, slong, old chap,’ said he Hone von ll
without walking, and without recourse to the have a nice ride. Give my regards to the gang
‘ ’
side door Pullmans Not bo Aapes, ol Os force,’ sald t. ‘Bow
and when am [ going to get te Chicago”
in the station waiting for a train to be made up | : : to
, a ied : = ou said, Upping me the wink That cock
Phe gang was composed of four heavy batteries | hey'y paralyzed upstairs, and he won't jolt him
from the Presidio of San Francisco to an Atlantic | (he man that's supposed to be waiting here to
station. ‘Three fifths of them were already pretty hiteh on to the train and take charge of those
full ef grub for the trip, and here'@ a ten spot for
knapsacks, and these were practically under | your work here. When the train pulls in, and
ruard © ° ,
guard of the other two-fifths for the man who's to assume control of those dogs,
youre the boy, that’s all
ofthe fatherly way Uncle Sam has of transporting
his troops of the express car was the first to jump off and
gallop in to the station
I turned around and perceived that the voice | Going to take charge of those darned dogs”
belonged ‘to a soldier who was = more than Yep, said 1, I'm the geezer. Just gimme
you’
‘Well,’ said I to him, ‘just until this train that “Fist (hen the conductor came up
you fellows are taki eached the Fast, I'd lik ” ’
you fellows king reac ve Fast, I'd ey eh” he said Well, here's your ticket and your
berth check, and he handed ‘em to me
Say,’ said the soldier, dropping his tone, and tt ;
rns ' ; . i ‘ 4 of the eating house, shaking bands with me as
beckoning me over to a corner of the men’s smok: | the train vas about to pull out, ‘You're good
do some business, D'je say that you wanted | Ney if he makes any beleh
to get back Fast”

wise, he must Well, any way, there I was, on the
He was goggle eyed and spiflicated, and sleeping
“T walked into the station where the caravans | signal that the train from San Francisco was
. | the dogs, and he came to me in the lunch reem
this back to Chicago withouta ticket, |
in Chicago.
Therewas alerge gang of Regular Arme soldiers
Well, you're going to take those dogs, ain't
of an artillery regiment, about to make the shift | self awake for twelve hours. Meanwhile, you're
| dogs. See”
comfortable, thanks, with bottles hid away in their
the man in charge of the express car looks around
I'd like to be a soldier,’ | hummed, thinking
The train pulled in, and the man in charge
“The hell you would” said a voice in my ear Say,’ he asked, ‘is there » man here that's
a lift with this basket-full of grub for ‘em, will
moderately soused
You're the man that's to join those hounds,
to be a soldier,’
Be good, chum,’ said my friend the manager
ing room of the station, ‘mayb+ me and you can | now fora through trip. Ill take care of the cock
Well,’ said 1,

“kive days later | pulled into Chicago, and
T'd made sucha mash on those five fine foxhounds,

I'd ship asa sailor on an air by ppending a@ let of time in the car with them

ship, if | knew of one that was going to start | an cooling with them, that they declined to have
Fast.’ anything to de with anybody else, IT was in
ee : a quandary, however, before the train got inte

Well, tell with the snow shovellers back | the Chicago station, as to what I'd do with t e

‘Tm | Coors how Pd get them to the packer to whom
they were consigned without having to exude
a4 lot of embarassing explanations, T had de
cided te lond them ina wagon and just send them
out, without any word, to the packers residence
in the suburbs of Chicago. J was ip the express
car with the dogs when the train got in As

Fast is my maxim,’ said this queer soldier
a sloper, and I'm glad of it, and I don't want to
go Fast, and the beauty of it is that T ain't a
going Fast if I can jump the outfit. Say, Pll
trade you clothes.’

For why” Tasked him, soon as the door of the car was opened, a good
“You ain't so wise as you look,’ said the soldier lookin , Well-groomed, elderly man with gray
: r| , , _ | side whiskers stuck bis head in
_ the skate, talking right clove to my ear Ah, they're they are.’ said he
If you're so dead stuck on getting back Past “L recognized him instantly as the packer to
you can take my place, see? I'm a rookie, and | Whem the dogs belonged. He'd often been
‘ mugged for the picture papers
b wn t » ’ {
when IT joined this outfit at he | residio I didn't Yes.’ said 1. coming forward out of the dark
figure on ‘em sending me Fast Tell with the | ness of the car, ‘here they are, sir
Fast. [buck when it comes to going Fast. And Why. youre not James,’ said he, looking
r at me surprisedly
ri) ’ t ’ t a da .
I'm going to jump the outfit right here Trad No. but | needed the ride’ said I, and then

me togs, and you can slip in with the bunch and
goa long as a buck private in the regular army

I teld him how tt was that 1, and not his Jeems,
WAS convoving his dogs

  

 

 

" Well, Pll be dummed if that wasn't a cool

They ll not get next in the shuffle ! » | , .
ye, ee shuffle, not ull you've | pit ot work id the packer ‘Left him drunk
made # good piece of the trip, anyhow, and when | in Motave, Cal vou say” Well, I'm lucks
they do get wise that you ain't me, they can't | to have my dogs back here, in geod shape,

lthoug the tra (

do no more than ditch you. Are you on” although th transaction wasn't exactly er
“a , regular, now, Wasit’ However, I'm much obliged,
Well, it was a chance, anyhow. [ slipped | and the $40 note that he passed me enabled ine

 

to promenade the old fresh water front that even

{ ing with a real impudent look of prosperity stick
ing outall over me

"But Thad alotofluck on that cruise, Under

non-fortuiteus circumstances, the hike between

San Franciseo aud Chicago is liable to be one

of ennui and depression for the man who hasn't
got the pasteboard

out of the station with the soldier, and we went
across the street to a dive and traded clothes,
You're name's MeGinley in © Battery, under
said the soldier who was about to desert,
‘But

stand’
after we'd effected the exchange of raiment
nobody ll ask your mame, at that. There ain't
no roll calls to be answered, S'long, pal. You ssoaenaeaanemanieeemanniniel

can have all the darned snow shovelling back PROFIT IN GROWING PEACHES,

Fast you want. Old San Fran's good enough - -
for me.’ 1 ware Has No Monopoly of the Indua-

“Then he faded from my view. A friend of try What a Grower in Maryland Did.

mine at Department Headquarters in Chicago
afterward told me that McGinley had been col
lared for desertion on the day following the de
parture of the batteries from Oakland, and that
he was nailed for a twoyear term on Alcatraz
Island, McGinley struck meas being an amiable
and yet a determined cuss, but prejudice
against the Fast was his undoing.

I went back to the station and joined the bunch
of soldiers who had the letter 'C’ over their cross-
cannons. Tam naturally clannish, and | wanted
to mingle with my own outfit, [noticed ‘em
looking at me peculiarly the privates, that is.
The officers and non commissioned officers were

 

Before the early spring stories of a ruined peach
crop come up from Delaware it may be interest-
ing to run over a shor t paper in the American
Monthly Reevew of Rervevs in which Worth B
Stottlemyer presents Balance Shvet of a
Small Maryland Peach Farm.” Peach growing,
he says, is one of the most profitable agricultural
industries in that much so that half
of the farms in many of the counties have aban
doned wheat and corn and the ordinary agricul-
tural products, except for he consumption,
andhave taken to growing peaches

“The quality of the soil,” he says

The

his
State, so

f me

all too busy to notice me. | kept my —MeGin- | trees are adapted to almost any kind of soil, but
ley's- campaign hat pretty well pulled over my | 4 poor soil is to be preferred lvees planted in a
eyes, anyhow, I fell in with the ‘CC’ battery | poor soil do not grow so rapidly, are therefore

mich more hardy, and will endure severer winters
than trees planted in richer soil. In order that
asurer crop may be expected the land should slope
gentiv to the northwest. Land so situated is
exposed to the rigorous western winds,
' and the sun has less effect upon the treesin the
wav of driving forth the incipient buds, which
are thus kept in check. Consequently they are

erowd when the order to march to the tourist
sleepers WAS given, taking up an obscure posi
tion ‘way behind, and by that time the shades
of night had descended, There were five tourist
sleepers for the soldiers, and the berths were made
up immediately all hands were embarked, Con

trary to MeGinley's prediction, the roll was called
as soon as the men got aboard the train, A ser

geant stood at the door of the car 'C’ battery was
on and called outthe names, 1 ‘stood by’ for him
to reach the Ms, and when he called out ‘Me

‘'Here,’ said I, in the perkiest way you
ever heard,

That put the members of 'C’ battery next to
me. When | crawled into my bunk, after the
train was under way, a fellow in a bunk across
the aisle stuck his head out between the curtains,

Say, has MeGinley jumped?’ he asked me in
a hoarse whisper,

“Lam McGinley,’ said I, frivolously, and | heard
alot of subdued chuckles from the other bunks
1 was all right with them. They wouldn't have
spieled @& line under any circumstances, But
the next morning, when reveille was sounded
in the car, and we got into uniform, the top ser
geantof‘C’ battery nailed me. He looked me over 4y careful records kept we find that the aver
a couple of times this was just when the train | age amowunt of fruit grown Upon eash iree for the
was aboutto pullinto Mojave and hecame over | aix crops Was 28 Berates ora Nitdeover2'; bushels
close +s wheel was sitting and said in alow tone | Thus, upon an average, each of our trees pre

McGinley, hey? I'm serry, son; but it won't | duced 15 bushels during its lifetime. in fact,
dv the orehard produced $4,364 bushels of salable
“LT don't think so myself,’ said I fruit. From the sale of these 44,964 bushels we
And it's lable to get me into trouble, atthat’ | realizedanetgain, over picking, crating, shipping,
said the sergeant reportad McGinley present | commission, expenses, & of $16.46) 07 ‘The
and accounted for aroll call last night, befere | net profit per bushel woul ltous be a over adollar
the train started But [ can explain that by Against the net returus from peach sales of
claiming that McGinley hopped off at soma stop | $46,801.07, Mr Str r pet in his balance
during the night. You'd better jump off here at | sheet the cost of the land, of the trees, of planting
Mojave. The officer in charge of the batters | and cultivation, fertilizers machinery, incidentals
might collar you for being in poasession of a de. | taxes andinterest, which makes a total of $7,300. 60
serter's uniform, or something like that.’ This shows the profits to be 885 961.35 The

‘And so, when the train pulled into Mojave vremature deaths of orchards from the “yellows
I slid off, and stayed off, until the train was under fr. Stottlemyer says are generally atiributable
way again. The best Il did by switching togs | to the negligence of growers. Other growers
with a buck soldier was to get ditched at Mojave | realized larger returns than those from his
Cal, and, all in all, it is solacing now to reflect | chard, he says, and he adds that the end is not
that McGinley had to do his two years at Aleatrar | cet when one candidly reflects upon the remarka
Island, | ble increase in the consumption of the fruit. alr

"Moiave, Cal, is just a nightmareish mirace | to be recarded asa staple, and when “we se
It is planted between alot of dwarfed mountains | trees planted by the hundred acres
that are Yellow all the year around, and the whole extending for iiles, hundreds of hands
aspect around Mojave is that of a portionof te

most

by lingering spring frosts.”

Mr. Stottlemyer says that many of the prevalent
diseases of the trees are due to careless nursery
men. His farm of thirty acres was prurchased
in 1885 for 870 an acre, and was planted in peach
trees atoonce ‘The trees cost him §35 a 1.000
The total outlay, including planting, machinery
and incidentals, was $2,460 459

‘For four years the orchard was cultivated
thoroughly, while only slight crops were realized
the third and fourth years.” he says, “however,
from a careful account made durnng the time
we found that the cost of cultivation was a little
more than covered from the receipts from vege
tables that were raised on the land in the mean
time The fifth year we realized a fairly good
crop and during fourteen years we secured six
re from the orehard

Ginley

   
 

 

| picking the luscious fruit and erating it for miar

earth that the lightning of heaven has a habit | ket allon a single farm, and whole trainioadts
of striking and stripping bare several times 4 | hauled from a single district, when growers or ler
day. The country around Mojave looks riven | their own cars for daily transportation. when a
and scarred, and the never-ceasing wind moans | peach crower can send his wife to bank wit!
threnodies in your ears from first call in the morn 3.500) check returns fora single day, who las

 

netted 865,000 from a single cron”

The industry of which Mr. Stottlemyer ‘racws
so brilliant a picture he says has only been possille
since transportation has heen facilitated by a
network of railroads

{F YOU ARE CONDUCTING

A really first-class Furnished Room or Boal:

ne pase, Boke ie boca tty Baown through
vertising columns, Sun

seek such places.— Adv. ae

first call again. Mojave consista of a shack *t4
tion, aneating place attached there
a dozen hontatonks acrogs the street
there | was in Mojave the soldiers |
the railroad maps, had called it Moayye in a |
buck artilleryman's uniform, with hopeless
number of leagues of mountain and plain inter
vening between me and Chicago.
“This,’ said I to myself, as 1 stood behind the

eating house, keeping out ht until the train
had started, ‘is ‘he fimit on s is where I cash

and about
Hlowever,

}
ing until taps 46 night, and then nent on unl |
|
referring to

 

 

 

 

     

He himself had gone |

Ive got a Chink now te |

servant on the staff of a Chicago packer whose |

The cockney had apparently begun to load up i

Just load yourself a bushel basket |

hardly enters |
into consideration in respect to location, as peach |

less likely to be frozen while in the incipient state |

'
|

  

Se —

TRIALS OF A POSTM!

 

ER.

ANNOYING PATRONS OF AN OFFICE
IN A COUNTRY TOWN,

| pascal

One Man Who Asked Every Day for Mary

Bilen's Magazine, Which Came Once a

Month The Bilder and the Postal Card—

How Vourth-class Postmasters Are Paid.

Ranvign, Ind, Mar & There are over 70,000

  

| fourthclass Post Offers an the United States,
and the Postmesters of this class consider them-
whves the worst used, poorest pad servants in
Unele Sam's sersiee  Thut they seldom want (0
| Five up ther oliices, and when they do there are
| alway dovens eager to ike Uhear places, so Con:
| Press sees little use bothernng much over petitions
entin ashing for redre fine who bas been if
the service for years
) TP thnd that but few por understand exactly
| how fourthocle Peostrngoste eel their pey for
| heoping the off Phe salary derived solely
from the amount of stamps eaneolled at the offiee,
| Hf five betters per day are putin the office for mail-

{ ing 10 cents only isthe

day, though he
| distribute among his patrons,
Popen from evel

business thou

Vostmasters Pay for that
i bushel of mail to
and keep bes office
choin the morning until every
in 1 Of course,
there are not many ofves that run this low, bag
To have kiown seme tolerably good ones to come
Ver¥ near this danger line attimes
whena Postmastercould keep
4 percentage of Lie price of stamps be widin addi-
tron te these he cancelled The postal authori
Ties elopped this, as it was found that Postmaster@
| traded favoring the mer-
| chante they traded with by sharing the profit with
All mones token mn ever the amount al
| lowed for cancellation must each quarter be sent
to headquarters If a Postmaster does not sell
| enough stamps to pay ns cancellation amount,
as could happen if letters mailed at his office bore
| Stamps bougat at other offices, he would have to
|
|
|

muy receive

 

Wiis

‘There was atime

Stamps for groceries,

' them

wait the Government's pleasure to pay him I
have known some officials to weit ten years
"A fourth class Postmaster can rightfully call
only $1666 238 his own Of every dollar can-
| celled per month over this amount he must give
back Unele Sam 40 cents, And if bis cancella
j fons amount 10 $53.8813, he must give up 60
| eents out of every further dollar, Out of what
he can make, ne difference how small it is, he
| must pay for oilice room, fire andhight, and, if he
is sick or called awey, he must pay a clerk
| *The mones order business is one of the mos
|) Particular, as well as the least remuncrative of all
| transactions in the postal service, Three centa
| is the Postmaster's fee on each order, whether it
} is for $1 or $100, ‘The writing and booking of
} each money order is considerable, to say nothing
lot the responsibility, Except in a direct and
) Proved robbery, the Postmaster or bis bondsmen
| must pay all losses.
| “The patrons of a fourth class office are the
| average men and women of the world in patience
and courtesy, and yet I believe such an office
‘has more of the worries incident to a Post Office
than the larger and better paid offices, as they
come in closer contact with (heir Patrons, and thus
must hear more fault finding. ‘There are very few
| fourth class Postmasters but what) must be the
scribes as well as the advisers of a great num-
|
|
|

 

ber of their petrons ‘There is always the man
who misses his paper for that day, and, not hav-
ing the Patience to wartunul the nextday or sense
to know that the Postmaster is not respousible,
oes out growling and hinting of carelessness,
‘ben there is the girl who openly aeensas: the
Postmaster of balding back ber love letters for the
Purpose of reading them. ‘The school children
ere always, more or less, a source of trouble in @
fourth-class office. ach mail, or at noon and
evening after school is dismissed, they feel it their
duty to rush into the Post Office by droves or
dozens after the mail, although in the majority
of cases some of their family have taken it home,
‘Jobn Glum, an elder in a certain church, used
to give me the bluesevery tine heentered the office
His very presence suggested the need of an in-
spector to look inte my business, though | hadn't
theleastidea where T hed failedin my duty, Once
a@ Postal card came to the office bearing under the
address the words, ‘In baste’ ‘Turning it over, Ll
saw thatthe only daughter of the addressed was in
a dying condition, and some one had cheaply
summoned the fatber, an old man living far down
in a lonely part of my district 1 knew the old
man was not likely to be in the office for a week
and as 1 generally did bis writing for bim, and
to his daughter, lfelt no hesitancy in woing right
outand hunting up Some one to outol his way
and deliver this Postal. ‘The elder was nearby,
and heard something of the import of the postal
ecard It was not long until quite a story was
going the rounds of the town and vicmaty, that
while putting up the mail | stopped long enough
tore 4 all of the postal cards aud then forthwith
disclosed their contents to all who would listen.
"Some months afterward, a posta! card came
for the elder, bearing notouly a dun, but some
trenchant remarks as to whatthe writer would
do to hin if he kept him out of this money any
longer Of course it was my duty to notice the
import of all postal cards, but [never did, unless
it was by accident, or in the case, above referred
to. L threw this one inte the elders box, some
member of his family taking it out almost im
mediately. An hour afer the elder came in go
angry that he was black in the face 1 thevught
your orders were net to let threatening or dunnin,
cards pass your hands? | will have you turnec
out for being careless and incompetent’ His
words were as cold as icicles. ‘hlder,’ Lsaid, ‘You
remind me of a story | once heard of a newly
fledged first-class Postmaster. He was instruct-
ing his clerks upon their various duties, "And
now, he said, “you must remember not to dare
read any postal card” Further on in his jnstrue-
tions he said: “Another thing, you must strictly
remember, 18 to net allow a postal card to pase
through the mails, bearing any threatening or
scurrilous matter 1 will have to tell you as those
clerks told their chief, “Then, ‘tend to the postal
| card business yourself’
+ “Another annoying case was that of old man
|
|
1

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Pocock. 1 never remember but once the Po.
cocks taking ® paper, and not twice a year did
they get a letter, and yet regularly every day,
old man Pocock would want me to ‘look some-
} wheres up in them boxes and see ef there wasn't
a letter or somethin’ fur him If there wasn't
} dodrotted ef there ort not to be,’
| Hut after awhile old Pocock’s daughter, Mary
| Ellen, subscribed for the HRushlight, Thenext
| dav Pocock asked me if Mary Ellen's dushiight
{had come yet. And he hept that up every day
until the loth of the next month that Rush-
light magazine came tumbling out of the mail
sack. Now, | thought, UU have peace from that
| source untl on or about the 15th of next
| month.  Butin three days Pocock came sticking
| his wrinkled phiz in at the delivery window want-
ing to know, ‘ef Mary Ellen's Fivushligit wasn't
in there.” [| gave him a decisive no. He ex-
| plained to the crowd outside that ‘Mary Ellen
wus takin’ the dedrottedast: paper now he ever
seed, and she wus @ readin’ of a love story out
tohim an the cle woman, an’ he wus anxious
to wit the next paper an’ see bow it all turned
out’ And be Was so anxious, that he fairly
| haunted the post office until it did come, When
LT handed him out the second installment of Mary
Ellen's subscription T said Now, don't ask for
that again until about the 15th of next month.’
Ile peeped in at me and answered I guess you
| haint a runnin’ this whole guyment, fi ox fur
} that Rushlight whenever | wantte”
| And he did. Ladon't think Lever saw a more
mpt publication than that Rushiight Itnever
riled to come just upon the set date, and when
ry Ellen got her full twelve numbers it stopped
promptly, and yet to this day old man Poeoels
declares that through my cussedness they failed
| to wet half that subscription
“Hut this was an extreme There are
many that you wish were more bother to you,
and that you hed bushels of mail to hand out to
them. Tremember one, such a gentle old man,
getting into his dotage He would slip into the

 

 

 

case

 

 

 

 

office and look up so wistfully at the boxes He
was always looking for a letter or some token
from aseon whe had gone away years before, and
now very Likely cead losed to go carefully
over the mail pretending to look for a letter for
him, though PT koew there would be none At
last atintervals, [took to putting up little presenta
for hin And bow gleefully he would go away
pening them. feeling that tis son, if he would

write, at least had met for his father,

 

    

 

 

ga that never ed for one mo
* an. whose children

oe elie areund wath

“ wanted a home of her

a rho money to buy her

ve finally promised

her hoard ts get her

e he would send the

SI e slipping in to tell

f her people have the
but even if she bap

meanfit, ar

    

 

  

letter oF Sie eve
pened to be jonue aM ' wp it safely until
she came ba ov | iglacly promise
this. for IT wanted her te bave a home \nd then
heran weary ft | flookine for that money
that never came of | g thata promise would
he 'Alled tha w . ry ten AS Soon) AS mace
Ver T hook a for itas did the
“ ’ id IT bel ost as sad as she
' we aprree | t any more for it
An grows Life urth class Post Office

a ind Rooster,
Leder

Convicted hes

From the J 4vadelphia Puan

  

Woopnneny, Feb 20.—A blind rooster was an
mportant factor in establishing the enllt of
William Johnson, co ored, forthe theft of a lot

ofelickens from the hennery of Moses Gruff,
in the Gloucester County court to-day, The
complainant testified that he had a lot of
hickens stolen on Jan 25,among thema blind
roorter” He folowed the tracks of a wagon
from his home to Yorketown, a distance of
about eight miles, where the Johnsons reside
and carry onthe poultry business, He found
several of hischickens in a box, among them
the blind rooster,

 

a ee eee

et eee St RB

wi me

t
i
\