A

            

FOREIGN GIRIS IN. PARIS.|

, as she had durin

MRS, TRAFERS LEWIS—"“ADA LEIGH”
—LNPLAINS HER WORK FOR THEM,

Mere With Her Husband, Archbishop of
Ontario, for Money to Free One of Her
Houses for English and American Girls
From Debt — Tragedies of the City,

Mrs. ‘Travers Lewis, wife of the Archbishop
of Ontario and Metropolitan of the Province of
Canada, will tell tomorrow afternoon at 4 o'clock
at Sherry's the story of the Association of Mis
sion Homes for English end American Young
Women and Orphans in VPoris, the work and
its needs, To the foreign residents of Paris there
is probably not 4a betterhnown philanthropic
institution, [tis almost as well known through
out the British Isles and in Canada. but in
the United States, hundreds of whose dausrliters
have found there not only a home but a hospita
dle refuge, a comprehensive knowledge of the
ins\é4toa is held be very few ‘The story of
its founding- never, it is caid, before told in an
American publicaton is the story of the devo
tion of a young English girl of gentle birth to
the daughters of England and Amerca among
the breadwinners of Paris, whose only claim
upon her was that they spoke the English tongue
Tt is a story that could hardly find its seeond
outside the French capital, for beyond the con
fines ofthateity, whiell looks upon vice and winks
atit, which laughs at misery and forgets it, there
could bardly be made up the dramatic records
of so mary lives soved and reclaimed from a fate
worse than death

The young English girl who bas done so much
for the friendless Anglo Saxon women in Paris is
now a white haired woman of mature years and
she is the one whe will tell the story at Sherry's
on Monday afternoon. In Canada, where her
husband bas been a prelate of the English Church
for years, she is best known as the wife of the
Archbishop of Ontario. In London, however,
in her own home in Manchester and particu
larly in Paris, she will always be best known
as Ada Leigh. Had it not been for her philan
thropic work she might never have hed greater
distinction than thet of being the wife of a pre
late of the Church of England and the daughter
of Evan Leigh, the inventor of the twin serew
for steamships, whose Portrait hangs in the South
Kensington Museum among those of England's

 

 

Great engineers

It waa in the autumn of 1861 that Ada Leigh
and her sister, Augusta, went from their home
in Manchester to Pars to complete their edu
eation. both gins were just out of an English
seminary end they went to the French capital
properly hedged about with all the protection
a rather mature and extremely particular and
conservative companion end governess, familiar
with thecity could give them, Not many weeks after
their arrivalin Paris Miss Leigh happened to bein
a glove shop one day She found that the girl
whe waited upon her spoke English without
an accent \ little surprised at this, Miss Leigh
asked how it happened that the girl spoke such
pure English

Oh, I think wellreared English girls speak
pure English,” was the young women's reply

‘fiss Leigh's curiosity to know more of this

young woman was aroused and she asked her |

many questions, some of which the young woman
answered with much reluctance, It was learned
however, that she was the daughter of an English

clergyman who, at his death, had left his family |

without means ‘The daughter was the eldest
child and it became necessary for her to earn
a living. Her family was one of some promi-
nence and in those days, before English and
American women had become “emancipated,”
{t was thought absolutely impossible for a gen
tlewoman to work for her living. There was
alternative for the clergyman's daughter,
and she decided to find employment
So she went

nm
however,
where she was absolutely unknown
to Paris

“And are you happy here’ asked Miss Leigh
when she had heard the girl's story

“Happy! Ihave never been happy since I left
home. In fact, fam utterly miserable. It might
be more endurable if I was sure of enough to eat
at least once a week.”

The idea that anybody Like the girl to whom
ehe was talking tu could not always get plenty to
ent was astounding to Miss Leigh, and she could
not at first understand it all Little by lithe
the girl's position amid the temptations and hard
ships of a foreign city were realized by Miss Leigh,
and she asked the girl to call upon her on the
following Sunday afternoon ather hotel ‘The girl
did so. During that call she told Miss Leigh that
there were many English and American girls in

herself, having a most wretched time of it A
good substantial tea, a tea such ad both were
used to in England, a Uible reading, followed by

church in the evening, and Miss Leigh and her
new found friend parted with promises to soon see
eack other again
‘The young girl who had come to Paris to com
leve her education could thins of litte or nothing
yutthe young women from England and Amereca
who were trying toearn a living in Paris. She
gare play to her imagination, and that convinced
167 that these girls were posilvely the most wretch
ed of human bangs. She was sure there was no
one to help them, and se she made up her ming
to oer them herself, She wot the addresses of
several from the girl in the glove shop, and went
to the shops where they were employed to leave
little notes containing invitations for each one
to whom the note was addressed to call upon her
al ber hotel on the following Sunday
Was signed, “One Who Cares for You.”
When the following Sunday came Miss Leigh
as well es her sister were altogether too exciied
to think of going tocbureh. “Their old governess
Was in & towoxving rage, and threatened to pack
them both back to Manchester if eather ever cid
such @ thing ¢ As the hour drew near fer
the arrival of their guests Miss Leign’s curiosity
was so great thatshe posted herseifatthe | ead of
the stairs leading to her apartments to hear what
any of the girls might say of her invitations as
they came up. She iound, as is flen the case
that listeners rarely hear good of themselves
A short time after she liad posted Lerdelf three or
four girls came trooping’ into the hotel, and, hav
ing been directed where to go, started up the stairs
“Come on, girls,” saidone ofthem, “Lets go and
gee what old Leigh has got to say, anyway”
The young woman at the bead of the stairs

 

 

wasnotonly shocked atsuch language, butit also |

greaty injured her dignity, and she has always
eared, so she says, that it was 4 very frigid recep-
tion that the first detachment of the shop gira
Teceived

A few nomen ts later three or four more arrived,
and then they all sat down to what they call in
England a “meat tea.” A “meat tea’ is just the
opposite from an ordinary English tea, in that
Substantial things to eal are served Itis not very
niuch different from what we kuow in this country
4s suppers, which an Englishman once deseribed
asa late edition of the American breaktast. Most

ofthe girls ate asifit wasthe most enjoyable meal |

After tie maternal

they had had fora long time
attended to Miss

side of their natures had been
Leigh went after their spiritual sice There was
a Bible reading and a litte singing hymns that
many of the gitls had learned tosing in England
and later they all went to the evening servive at
an English ehureb

This was the beginning of Miss Leigh's work
amovge the Anglo Saxon working women of
Paris. All through the fall and winter these
same girls and others met at Miss Leigh's hotel
every Sunday afternoon and their friend made
it so altogether pleasant for them that they came
to look forward te itas the day of all tho wees the
best. When the spring came ani Miss Leigh
and her sister
of girls went to the station to see them off and
exacted & promise from their inend that she would
return again in the autumn. ‘This she did and
the winter of 1863 was very inuch like its prede
cessor, When another spring had come it b
came necessary for Miss \ugusta leigh w go
home to get married and it became necessary
for ber sister to go home to help her
four following winters Miss Leigh carried on
her work very much in the same way as she had
during the winters of 1462 and 1865. But in the
autumn of 1868 she returned to Paris determined

 

 

to do even more for her friends ‘han she had ever |

done before. One day she was coming out of a

chocolate shop just as two girls were passing

She overheard one of them say in Finglish,
And TL don't care what becomes of me

Turning Miss Leigh steppel forwart
her hand on the girl's shoulder and sail

“Basie

The young woman drew herself up with much
dignity and said

‘Panion me, but I do not think T knew you
Were you addressing me’

Miss Leigh was struck with the innate refine
pient and dignity of the young woman and she
knew from her voice that she was a girl of genie
birth, Coming to the point at ence, Miss Toa
told her who she was, of the interest she had taken
in English and American girls in’ Paris, gave
the girl her address and asked her to come to gee
her on the following Sunday The girleame
and it was she who was really responsible for
the founding of what is known os the “Mother
Home” for English and American girls in Paris
In the apring of that year, at or
afternoon at homes, Misa Leie¢h told the girls
who had gathered there that she must soon go
hack to England, that she had finished her studies
and that she doubted very much whether her
parenta would allow hertoreturn. The announce-
ment caused ea todo among the young
women. Most them promptly began to cry

placed

 

 

 

| Christian
, \ "ny | St
Paris, many of them like herself well born, who

were trying to earn a living. and all of them, like |

| only a littl: way

| late

ach note |

) an
| the Philadelphia girl came

were obliged to go home a number |

During |

jin even

eof Mer Sunday |

 

 

 

and one or

in Paris, Miss
promise without the consent of het

separated after church that evening

WAs the more downhearted,
friends,

The next day while out shopping, Misa Leigh |
met the girl whom sh: had heard say two or three
Years before thot she didn't care what became
The young woman stepped up to her

of her
friend and said:

“Oh, Miss Leigh, | want you to accept this aa
the first money with whieh to start & home for

the English and American girls in Paris.’

Saying this she put into Miss Leigh's hand a

small envelope on which written
A wift of faith and love.”

Having given the envelope to Miss Leigh she
much
home

hurried away, leaving her frond very
astonished When Miss Leigh returned
she opened the envelope and found thatiteontained
a &a-cent piece, \inerican moues ir

her feelings when she found what the envelope
contained Miss Leigh, or rather Mrs lewis, satd
Wa SiN Peporter the otherdas

“When T fully realized what the girl lad done

and that she had probably sacrifice) herself two
mealsin orderto give me that money - felt thatl had
received a solemn commission which F raoust carry
out \t the same time T hadn't the fauntest idea
of how Twas going to do it

doling such a thing as to found a home orany other
dustitution in Paris, and Twas in preat distress
[thought about it and thought about tt and then
I prayed for guidances, Two or three dass passer
and finally, one morning, | made up omy
that if this poor girl feitse deeply on the subject
as she wave every evidence of feeling tt was in
Cunbent upon metodo something. And so. going
out tuto the streets, | wandered into the Avenue
de Wagram, There at the Rue Laugier I found
a large apartment house ‘There was asign
hanging outside telling me that there were apart
ments to let | went in and before Leame out I
had hired the third apartment

“In a short time i had thirty six beds in the
apartmentand everyone of those beds was filed
every night When [ went home that summer
T told my parents what I had dene and they were
shocked beyond measure They said T must
have lost me mind and all such things, but at

 

 

My earnest request a permitted me to go baek |
he next vear, on aceount |

the following winter
of the Prussian war | was not permitiod to return
to Paris, but T had left the apartment in rood
hands and from time to time sent written diteettons
As to the carrying out of the work | All through
the war [ carried on correspondence with many
of my girls and their pleadings for me to return
were touching beyond deseription

“in the fall of 1872 [was informed by the Paris
authorities, who had learned what the epartment
in the Avenue de Wagram was being used for,
that it was contrary to Preneh law to maintain
anvthing like a home in an apartment house and
thatif didn't vacate within three days L would be
put out. [hadn't an idea as to what T should
do. It was impossible for me tw think of carrying
the poor girls into the streets again and yet there
seemed to be no alternative, As a last resort,
what do you think T did’ With an assurance
that almost staggers me when LT think of it now,
[ calmly went to the owners of the apartment
and asked at what price they would sell the build
ing They told me £10,000.) Justasif Lhad any
quantity of money at my command, 1 bought
the property. took the deed in my name, got a
time extension in which | could make the first
payment, and then went home and told my father
what L had done

"At first he could not realize that a daughter of
his could have done such a thing = My mother
simply said that | would have to throw the whole
thing up and would not discuss the matter any
further, My father, however, took the matter
at length, more philosophically and finally
alter | had pleaded with him in his study from
It o'clock one night until 2 the next morning
he told me that [might go back to Parisand under
take the work. He alse said that he would help
me with the financial part of the business. After
Thad received that promise [ felt quite capable of
varrying out the whole arrangement myself
I went to an old friend of mine in Manchester,
who is interested in charitable works, told her
what | had done and asked her advice as tu how |
should raise the money. She told me that the
first thing [ must do was to get the Mayor to cail
a meeting at his mansion to be presided over by
the Bishop of Manchester

“The details of the meeting were arranged and
I sat near the platform all through it, dumb as
an oyster and seared out of my wits. A paper
which | had prepared, tellin of the needs of such

an institution in Paris and the costof the building |

I had bought, was read by the Bishop. “Then he
added some remarks of bis own, and passed
around a subseription paper, which he headed.
In due time it came back with £1,890 subseribed,
The Bishop looked at it and then said

‘T see more wealth in this room than T have
ever seen before ata meeting of this kind in Man
chester, T fully expected that) the gentlemen
present would return this paper with sufficient
subscriptions to give to Miss Leigh all the money
she wanted, Twill not accept so small anamount
I shall send the paper around the room again,
and Lexpect the gentlemen todo what they should

When the papercame back the second time
nearly £4,000 had been subseribed, Twas almost
overwhelmed, andl made up my mind that if

ever going to raise the whole &10.000° |

I were
ut England

must hold similar meetings throng!

  

! and have the Bishon of Manchester preside ateach
With the help of Prinesss Christian and
her friends of mine in London and elsewhere
} wesides help from the Baron and Baroness

| succeeded in raising encugh money
It was formally opened on

Rothsehild

| to pay for the home
Dec, 20, 1872. On Feb, 10, 1873, we added |
tethe Mother Home’ ashopginls Young Women's

Assoctation and Home inthe Faubourg
Honore, In Oetober, 1876. M. Galignani
the founder of Galignant's Messenger, gave tome
a building for an orphanage, ot 35 Boulevard
Bineau, which was formally opened on oy
2 1876. On May 4S, 1875, we opened Washington
House at 18 Rue de Milan, fora Governesses and
Artists’ Institets and Home, Finally. on May
10, 1878. we opened for sersices Christ Church
from the orphanage

So, you see, from that single ten cent preee
riventome more than thirty years age by Emma
Douglas, who was then employed in a Paris choco
shop. have grown four institutions, all in
tnded forthe amelioration of English and Ameri
can working girls in Paris, Ail of these build

 

ings are paid for and are held by our association |

under a special leense granted by the British
Board of Trade on Qet, 10, 18786. Albof the build
ines are paid for excepting Washington Tors,
on which there is a mortgage of $37,000, which
falls due next August and which must be paid
Only once before, and that was thirteen years age
has an appeal been made to the people of the
United States for money to carry on our Insti
tion, Feeling that many of our frien in the
States might desire to belp us if they knew our
needs, the Archbishop and [T haye come here at
this time to make an appeal for funds to pay off
named for the great

 

 

this mortgage on fhe house
etof Americans

Mre. Lewis added ty her story many incidents
connect -d with the lives of the girls who had been

received atone or another of the institutions un lor

her charge, Ome was an American sgirl, the

daughter of comparatively wealthy parents living
V near Philadelphia, who went te Paris t+ study
; ort,

She was supplied with plenty of money
and with such higurtes as that money could buy,

| She established herself in a pension on ene of the
| fashionable
| “Mother Home”

boulevards Having heard of
and of Miss Leigh, she called
one day t» see the institution and ite founder,
Subsequent events showed that her every move
ment was being watched,

The day after she called at the home a brougham
drove up in front of the house where she was

staying, a handsomely dressed woman got out
{sent up her card to the young woman
vwostairs, the woman,
lish, said that

  

speaking in very good bing

 

 

at the home and that she cihe wr
sorry ta have missed her

was one of her most intimate friends
that Miss Leigh would dine with her that nignt

ond asked the Philadelphia girl to be one of her

guets also

With po thought that there might be danger
for her in’ accepting the invitation, the youmg
woman accepted with pleasure The woman

sail that in order that the Philadelphia

She dia so and ook het
to what may or may not have been her hone
Jt was three weeks before any on utsite of tt
house to which she was taken he that
adelphia girl again \ litue more

  

7

    

 

 

  

 

early morning, @ cab drew up in front of the
Mother Home and the young woman, attired
in o light wrapper, half ran and hall » rered
up the steps and into the hall She asked to see
Mias La ‘th atonce, ‘That la came wistairs
and to her the young art student, who Lad called
upon Miss Leigh only so short a time before, told
the story, which so mauy » girls in aris
might tell, of how she Lad been kidnapped ar

of how ber life had been rut Miss Leigh
asked os few questions as possible, t cure
ef her us if she had been her sister and, after

nearly a year, the gil took up he

 

 

 

had ‘been so rudely interrupied Not mans
months age this young Woman returned to het
family in Vennsylvania and only she and Miss
Leigh know of the heritage which Paris left
her
Two or thr years age two other American
girls, one frou Rhode Island and one from Con
necticut, called at the “other Home. ene night
to ask for shelter. ‘The stories which they told
Mrs Lewis will notesen repeat because the telling
would give pain to two very prominent New Eng
land families, who also know (he stories, because
| they are the families of the two girks The home

was crowded, so that dt was het
one more. Mrs. Lewis told
however, that she would give them @
friend of hers who would take (hem in for
night and the next day thes could find aceon
modation. ‘They did not return on the follow
day and Mrs. Lewis learned {1
the girls had not presented the note

\ few days after that a policeman,
along the bank of the Seine iwed a body float
ing down with the tide When it
ashore, it was found to
cirt In the bosom of
note which Mrs
cays before. ‘The body was
yard of the
the home. The other
from and in two New

the girls
note Ww

 

 

be 1

her

buried in the church

lowed up.

two of them embraced their friend
and benefactor and tried to make her promise
that she would come back the following autumn
the years of her student life

igh felt that she could not
rents and

told the girls so, and when the little company
it would

probably have been difficult to determine who
Miss Leigh ot her

leseribing

I was satisfied that |
| my father and mother would never consent to my

niin |

the

When

Miss

leigh hal told her of the young woman's eal
i WAS St)

She then went on te
say that she tou was much interested in ihe home

an! contributed largely to it, and that Miss Leigh
She seid

girl
infght not be obliged to come to her house alone
| she would call for het

 

than
three weeks afterward, in the gray light of the

 

life where it

possible to take

the

nm her friend that
walking

was brought
» body of a young

ss was found the
Lewis had given to her « few

little English Church connected with |
rl has never been heard
cogland homes they are
still thinking of two daughters whom Paris swal-

THE SUN

 

 

 

DOBLEY’S SECRET SOCIETY.

 

HE 8
SLEDGE” AT THE HAMMER CLUB,

The Organization Encourages the Airing
of Personal Grievances Without Re-
buke—Theosophic Condition as to the
Mind — Another Story for the Body,

Dobley came in late that evening in a mood
of exultant exuberance that made his wife forget

to look at the clock and sigh 48 she usually did

when she had waited over long for his coming

As he removed his coat she noticed with some

amazement that bis coat and waistcoat were

wrong side out and (hat various signs resemb!ing
the printing one Chinese laundry tieket were in
seribed upon his shirt front

| Through long experience, however, Mra. Dob-

ley had learned to be surprised at nothing in the

way of eccontricity which might mark her hus
band's behavior or attire when he arrived home
late. She only raised her eyebrows slightly
and swept them questioningly over his makeup
with just a suspicion of amazement in her glance.
Mr. Dobley smiled a trifle apologetically
| have been installed to-night,” he said, “Past

Master and High Wielder of the Sledge in our

new Lenten Hammer Club.”
‘Lenten tlam " began Mrs

prise

Dobley in sur.

Pints a faet TP didn't toll son about it, my

|
The fact is, Fresbingion and myself

' dear, did Tl’

have had an idea for some time in regard to the
| forming of a powerful seeret society. We felt
that, on certain lines, the club might be made

a marvellously strong organization in the world
of finance and in the social world as well.”

Mrs. Dobley's eves again circled over Dobley's
disarranged attire and the hieroglyphics upon
lis sbirt besom, as though trying to connect
them with the lofty purpose of the new organiza-
tion. Following her glance, Mr. Dobley observed
the inseriptions and colored slightly

“Ah'” he said, “while T was blindfolded T see
the boys have given me the symbolic brandings
of our society”

“LT wonder if it will wash” said) Mrs
anxiously, “It is all crinkled and damp

“That is the result of the siphon baptism,”
said Dobley, seriously, “one of the most beautiful
rites of our order It was Freshington’s idea”

“You seem to be encouraging the laundry in
dustry,” said Mrs. Dobley. “I suppose that is
why you employ the signs the Chinamen use

Dobley,

fn their washlists’

It is not Chinese,” said Dobley. “It is: the
sign language of our order” Fach mark means
a link of brotherhood that we at once recognize
In any quarter of the globe these mystic charac
ters bind the members in loyalty, We considered
it safer and newer than a grip”

‘And the reversing of your clothes,”
| Dobley significance”
| “Before the meeting begins,” said Dobley,
all put our coats and vests on wrong side out in
order to be secure from the intrusion of any one
It isa simple method but abso

said Mrs

has that any mystk
“we

not in the ranks
lutely safe

Why did you choose Lent as the time to begin
your club” asked Mrs. Dobley, “Itisn'ta High
Church affair IT should judge’

“The season of Lent,” said Dobley, “is the great
club-forming season. The sewing circle and the
| reading club become rampant; the cooking class
| and the Browning association flourish; the
golf-club fever fairly sizzles at the winterresoris
Then neither Freshington nor myself has ever
belonged to a secret society. We felt (hat some
thing was lacking in our lives. We wore no
inystic badge; no ton-weight watehcharm that
identified us with the ancient order of anything
why. we hadn't even a dinky litte button that
signified that we were sons of anything We
weren't in it, and we agreed that it gave & man
a certain distinction to wear these things that
he could never get any other way Even a4 fire
badge gives a man an airof power Se, one day
Freshington said: ‘Dob, when Lent comes around
we will form a great secret society’ ‘Those were
the simple words, Mrs. Dobley, in which he an
nounced the beginning of what promises to be
the greatest thing that ever happened.”

“Has the society any beyond that of
} filling agapin your tife andin Mr. Freshington s”
asked Mra Dobley “The name is somewhat
confusing

“The name,” said Dobley, in a mysterious under-
tone, “is only to conceal the true purpose of the

club. Lt indicates the process through which
the members will pass in order to tt (heniselves
for the great work in view. bach member of
the club in time will become a full edged Yogi

object

 

| “"<\ Yowi! exclaimed Mrs. Dobley What
| on earth is a Yost"

| Is it possible that you do not know what a
! Yogi is’ said Dobley, com niseraungly “A Yogi

is a person in whom the spirit is developed tosuch
jan exient that he or she lor there are female
| Yogis can exercise & Won ferful power simply
| by willing things to come te pass by the time
| the members of the Hammer Club reach this state
lowe propose to encircle the earth in a system of
\onind waves by which we will rule the world
| practically In other words, we are going to
apply Theosophic theories to ordinary every lay
| life: to gradually advance from the primer stage
| to # point wher: we can project our minds on cur
| rents that can be directed anywhere and in this
| Way we can accomplish what we will Our power
will be gigantic, but we will only use it for the
good of mankind.”
“Is there any money init’ asked Mrs. Dobley
“Money is not the inain object,” sald Dobley;
“but money must inevitably follow the enormous
power which we will have Our knowledge of
coming events, for instance, will give Us an in
sicht inte the steck market that will be practically
invaluable. But this must only be a side issue
Otherwise we should stop short) we would have
) limitations. Our spirits would be in ehaina
We aim to cultivate the spirit to its highest point,
an‘ to forget our physical selves absolutely.”
“Tlow do you propose to accomplish that?”
asked Mrs. Dobley »
“Simplest thing in the world.” said Mr. Dobley
“First, we give up all animal food to @ great ex
tent and live upon fruits and fish
“E's a good thing you are so fond of broiled
lohster, isn't it’ asked Mrs. Dobley
“Tt geis to bea mere detail,” said Dobley. “Food
is innecessary when you reach the Yogi stage
Thep this forzetting the boly is accomplished
in the simplest wav. You begin in. five second
exercises concentrating the mind on nothing
Todo this vou at first fis your eye on any small
object, o figure in the wall paper or in the carpet
This is the first lesson in abstraction The North
American Indians had this down to such a fine
point that they could deaden the physical sense
of touch and so were able to sing while they were
undergoing torture
‘But Eeannot see what the Hammer Club has
to do with it.” said Mrs. Dobler It seems eo far
removed from the vecult things you jutend to ac
complish!
“The Hammer Club is a_ preparatory. state
It is the kindergarten in which we are to develop
our spirits, [tis all planned out on philosophic
i lines. We fully realize that each person has some
pet batred or grudge for some person, Institution
| eustomornation.  Notone of us is free from some
animus of some kind that rankles in our souls and
prevents the expansion of the spirit.) Human
nature inherits this peculiar tendency. “The tran
quil, calm mind at peace with the world, satisfied
with things and individuals as they are, does net
exist
The Hammer Club offers its members oppor
tunity ty) unburden themselves on their pet hatreds.
\t each meeting a member is allowed to make a
violent attack upon something some condition
or political party or social state of things. He can
get up and tatk as long as he pleases he may even
ise violent language and jump on the table not
one word is said te discourage him or to eut him
short All the corked-up spite which he may have
cherished for his lifetime is poured out, and we only
interrupt by such expressions as ‘Good! ‘Thats
s Youre right!’ or other remarks that will goad
him toa frenzy in his attack upon his bete noir
Suppose you all don't agree with him?” asked
Mrs. Dobley
We are brothers, and for the time being we
do agree with him. We realize that when he has
said all he wants to his say his spirit will be calm
and serene and capable ef accomplishment He
will even feel kinder to the subject that he has been
attacking , /
| It seems an odd sort of an idea,” said Mra
Dobley I think the spirit would be better if
disciplined than allowed to run riot in that way.”
‘Our social lives are a constant discipline in this
respect,” said Mr. Dobley “We cannot speak
freely on the subject of our strongest dislikes be
cause it is no longer admissible to thunder out
one's individual opinions. ‘This suppression is
simolw deadly Bunbl aggressiveness when
bottlad becomes acidulated. Tf there were more
Hammer clube there would be fewer revolutions
and no anarchists; the bomb industry would die
and all sorts of small spites and petty grievances
that sometimes smoulder into dangerous flames
would be absorbed in the air Talk is one of the
sefest methods by «hich to commit erlme Yet
every one has this inborn tendency to grow mor
bid. brooding over some particular hobby that
is perhaps his only. This cuts him off from all
} Sympathy Just fanev the battles the pugilists
firht over and over again through megaphones’”
Hut there are plenty of people who do not cher
ish resentments or harbor dislikes to the extent
| vou deseribe,” said Mrs. Dobley. “Of course the
; masculine nature has this pugilistie tendency
| It is what eauses many of your sex to gather at
prizefights. [donot suppose you would call that
developing the spirit””
“You women have the same idea,” said Dobley,
“when you eriticiae each others’ gowns and the
minister's germon and the way somebody wears

 

 

 

 

 

“HIGH WIEKLDER OF THE

ee ee ee

 

 

 

a ee ee eee eter Dette St oi aera

SUNDAY, MARCH 4

   

her hair. Ii may be the pugilistic tendency, but
ft exiata, The first notleeanle motions of « haby
are the doubling up of ite fists, the wrinkling of

its forehead anc ‘oreward lunge that would be
called a, well-directed jab, if it were eseruted by a

fighter.’ f

“Where did you lear that” asked Mrs, Dob-
ley, with interest,

“Laaw that inthe editorial column of an even-
ing extra,” said Mr, Dobley, “butitis none the less
true”

“How do you arrange the choice of subjects to
be attacked’ said Mrs, Dobley “| should imagine
the meeting would develop into disorderly rivts,”

"Not oat all, Mrs, Dobley, Each man has lia
turn. He may take up any pet antipathy, from
boiled mutton to Keer war. ‘Then he is allowed
bis fling with assenting nods and frequent ap
plouse from the other members, He gets warmed
up to the subject and it is surprising seme of the
Hryanesque oratory that is put forth in this way
Golf, bad cooking, janitors, car conductors, restau
rant waiters all the small pin pneks that make
life a burden sometimes are torn to shreds by their
antagonists, We encoursge Profanity, violence,
expletive and gestures, Ifa man wants ty smash
anything he may do se, so long as he pays for it
after be is through, Finally he is talked out
Ile has hardly any feeling left on the subject.”

“Phave often beard men arguing on horse cars,”
said Mrs. Dobley, “but one man never allows
tie other to finish what he has to say, He intre
duces some knockdown argument that the other
man has to reply to before he has Anished his
firststatement, ff the Hammer Club will do away
with this Lean see a lasting benefitin its formation ©

“The Hammer Club,” said Mr Debley, “will
eventually reform the earth. Talk is the safest
avenue for such emotions as hatred, spite, revenge,
jealousy and kindred feelings, ‘The Hammer
Club will offer an opportunity to its members to
wet in a towering rage once in a while and var
up things all round. People who now go through
lite sputtering their irritation in public and in the
bosoms of their families will be able to repair to
the Hammer Club and get in a normal state of
mind by saying all there Is ty say on the subject
under the stimulus of concerted approval freely
expressed. tell you, Mrs, Dobley, itis a great
scheme.”

“TL suppose,” said Mrs, Dobley, dreamily, “that
it wouldn't be a bad idea te form a woman's Ham
mer Club, too?”

“Every woman's club,” said Dobley, “is already
a Hamnier Club and every member is Past Master
of the Sledge only they call them anne
classes and societies of Willing Workers. Ane
they may have mandolin bands concealed behind
Palins and potted plants at the meetings, but the
only popular tune on these occasions is the anvil
ehorus, Freshington get the idea of the Hammer
Club at a meeting of the Widow's Mite Society
AY bis sister's house in Harlem, He was in the
back parlor and he heard them talk,and he said
that he bad discovered why women were better
tempered than men asarule, They did all their
figitiog through their bats under the head of
charity

Saying whieh, Dobley removed his reversed
coat, sending a shower of champagne corks
t the floor that hed been concealed in the
sleeves, which mystic emblems, he expisined to
his wife, were a part of the beautiful ceremony
with which he had been installed as High Wielder
of the Sledge

THE BOER WOMEN,
Brave Frontiersmen's Wives, Who Share
the Perils of Their Husbands, Brothers
and Sons and Spur Them onto Resistance,

None but the elderly women among the
Transvaal Boers can remember the great trek
of 1836 when their fathers and grandfathers
abandoned the homes they had made in Natal
and toiled up the pasaes to the lofty plateau
where they foun ted their republic, Those days
were more trying than any the Transvaal
women ever saw until the present war began.
They were still living in their tent wagons
when those terrible wars with the Matabele
branch of the Zulu tribe began and no women
could show more wonderful spirit and con-
staneythan those wives and mothers of the
Boer pioneers in the midst of appalling dan-
gers and hardships whieh did not ent until the
Matabeles had been driven north of the Croco-
dile River. Not a few of those women, and
their children with them, perished by the
assegaia of savagea> but not one of them
would have dreamed of returning to the peace.
ful homes and gardens in Natal which they had
left behind, The British had proclaimed that
country their own, their colonists were pour-
ing in and the Boers would die before they
would come again under British rule

The wives and mothers of the soldiers who
now confront the British are the descendants
of those stout-hearted women who loaded the
guns of their husbands and boys while savages
rushed upon the bruah heaps that were the
sole protection around their ‘aagers, Perhaps
no women in the world have changed so little
in two generations. The women of the Boer
farmsteads now are just what their grand.
mothers were when the Matabeles sought (heir
lives. The Bible is still their only book, they
etiil prefer a quiet sedentary life and the simple
duties of their modest homes, and they have
scarcely risen in any reapect above the plane of
intellectual cultivation whieh their grand-
mothers oceupled; and they are like thelr
grandmothers, too, in the courage, constancy
and sublime devotion with which they are
facing the awful trials of another crucial period
in the history of their people.

A reportsent by the French Consul at Pre-
toria to his government, tuough brief, is. per-
haps the best statement yet received of the
part the women of the Boers are taking in the
present war, Ho says they are doing every.
thing they van to aid the soldiers inthe feild,
Indeed hundreds of them are inthe fleld and
form the majority of the working forca in the
ambulance and hospital service, In their de-
nunelation ofthe British they are far more
hitter and outspoken than the men them-
selves but io their mission of merey they know
poenemies, All the wounded British soldiers
who havefallen into their hands have been
treated as brothers and friends, The Boer
nurses extend to them the sume care. that
they give to their own srricken soldiers. We atl
koow that despatches from the British army
have oftenrcferred tothe kind treatment re-
ceived by thelr wounded whoare prisoners in
the Boer camps,

The Freneh Consul adds that the women
throughout the two republics exerted a power.
fulinfluence in kindling euthusiastic support
forthe war when it became certain that the
conflict could not be avertod, They sent many
of their gons into the commandos or militia
organizations, even though the striplings had
not quite reached the inge of 16.) when
they are liable to military duty. One dav a
crowd atthe railroad station in Pretoria was
cheering a commando that was going to join
Jonbert's army around Latysmith, A mother
int'ethrong saw her young son with a gun
over his shouider and wearing a cartridge
Delt, just us he was entering a car, She fol-
lowed him to his seat, and laying her hand on
his shoulter, said

“My boy, whe did vou not tell me of this?”

“Mother.” he answered, “perhaps [ was
wrong but Leould not bear to bid you good-
bye, You were to be tol! just as soon as we
left. You see, mother, it was my duty to go
sooner orlaterand T thought the sooner the
better. Forgive mae if Ihave done wrong.”

“You are right, my son,” the mother replied,
“itis yourduty to go and T am willing you
should go.though Pthonght if might be betrer
to waita faw months, (io, you have my bleas-
ing, but you should have told) me.”
kisged him farewell and there was @ smile on

 

 

 

her face aa she left the car, though tears stood |

in her eyes,

Kk vywhere the movement oftroops in the
oer States, us they have startel forthe Aght-
ing lines, has been atriumphal procession, In
all the towns and hamlets the women cannot
do enough for the soldiers They have
marched with allthe commandos tothe railroad
stations. They visit all the camps before the
sturt for the front, bringing baskets of
warm from the ovens and bits of handiwo
such as the “house wives’

 

material and implaments compaciy packed,
and other things that may somewhat alleviate
the discomforts of soldier life. The women of
Bloemfontein who, perhaps, are to-day expect.
ing the speedy investment of their beautiful
little town by the British armyare said to have
heen especially enthusiastic in cheering on the

  

 

 

soldiers, doing everything In their power for
their comfort and filling the ranks as full as
possible As Jong as the commandos are

within reach delegations of women from many
towns are with them, helping in the commis-
sary department, sewing and bringing fresh
food from home for the companies in which
their interest is especially centred, Other
delegations or committeesof women have been
permitted to go fiom Pretoria or Bloemiontein
almost to the febting lines in charge of re-
eruits or the hospital service, and of the
distribution of many supplies, Ly every means
in their power the women of the two repub!
are working night and day to promote the in-
terests of their enuse, and ifthelr good, honest
hatred of the enemy might sap his strength
and paralyze his) rms there would certainly be
no fight left [In the British ranks, The follow.
ing extract from a letter written by an aducated
woman at Pretoria, about a month after the
war began, embodies @ sentiment whieh all
Boer women of every class express

"Up to this time, all of my children
who are old enough tostudy, have atudied Eng-
lish; but | pledge my word that. if T eau help
it, my. youngest daughter shall not iearn a
word of the language We have cause to hate, If
the English win, they. Will proseribe our lan-
guage. If we suceeed in driving them out of
our country we Will at the same time drive all
English words from our lips and from those of
our children.”

such words may perhaps be criticised as nar-
row and vindictive but they illustrate the pre-
vailing feeling among the women of asturdy
race Whose hearta and lives are bound up in
the success of their cause, While the battle
rages around them, and the enemy Is pouring
over their plateaus, the dauntless women of the
Boers are to-day as brave, devoted and steat-
fast as any women Of the past who have had the
unhappy lot to be environed by the horrors
of war,

   

 

 

 

 

She |

food |

ss" inany of our soldiers |
| carried in the Civil War, containing mending |

 

1900.

     

 

4 NEW USE FOUND FOR CARD CLUBS
IN THE SUBURBS,

 

Things That Women Say About One An-
other—Neceasity of Attending All the
Meetings — Mra, Tenspot’s Clever Ven-
geance~— Recovery of the Stolen Cook,
"When it comes to planning and executing a
Machiavelian revenge the inequality of the
sexes is apparent,” said Mr, Suburbanite as he
settled down in the club te wait for the 6.02 train,

Your cook left" asked Brown,

“No,” replied Suburbanite, shuddering at the
suggestion, “my remark was prompted by noth}ng
personal, To merely noticed a ‘To Let or
Sale’ sign this morning on Mrs. Politely's colo
nial bungalow, That might mean almost any
thing, but [ happen to know that it does mean
really « forced surrender, and all the frutts of
vietory, including the cook, go to the conqueror
who in this case happens to be Mrs, ‘Tenspot.

“Mrs. Politely leaves Surbubanville because
she angered Mrs, ‘Tenspot early last summer
when she moved into her new house, and T have
been watching the latter work out her revenge,
|i was a very slick piece of work and so. cleverly
done that Mrs. Politely cannot accuse her of
Asipg@le hose act

Mrs, Poliwly was new in Suburbanville when
she built her house and curiously enough she
was very anxious to be a social success, Her
servatts all deserted her, of course, when they
found that she was going to move into the country
aud Mrs, Politely made the fatal mistake of en
ticing Mrs. Tenspot's cook before she had met
met Mrs, Tenspot or knew anything about her,
Mrs, Tenspet paid the cook $20 a month and
Mrs, Politely, tn her stress, offered her $22 and
the cook, after her kind, accepted the offer, At
the next regular meeting of the Browning Literary
Circle the ethies of this cook transaction were
discussed for two hours and strangely enough
the only members who defended Mrs, Politely
were three women who didn't like Mrs, Tenspot
but did not dare to say so and Mrs, Tenspot her
self, The latter said (hat she had reason to be-
lieve that Mrs, Politely acted in ignorance and
that she really was a charming lithe woman
and one who would prove a great addition to
Suburbanville's social circles and clubs. The
Browning Livrary Circle is a clearing house
for all the other clubs and their gossip,  [t meets
only once in two weeks. Mrs, Tenspot's noble
defence of her was carried to Mrs, Politely's ears
half an hour after the meeting closed by a num
ber who wanted to see the interior of her house,
Mrs. Politely's suspicions were not aroused and
she really did feel bad about the eook and very
kindly disposed toward Mra, ‘Tenspot, When
the latter made her first call she brushed aside
the cook and said that she had secured another
who was much better

It really isn't worth discussing, my dear Mrs,
Polivly." sha said, “and T beg of you not to men
tion it again, | think Suburbanville may con:
gratulate itself on your coming here and I know
that we are going to be good friends, Do you
play whist?”

I am devoted to it,” said Mrs. Politely, “and
I was so afraid that I would not find any whist
clubs here, You see T know almost noone here
but Lam anxious to join a good whist club

‘Then | am just in time,’ said Mrs, Tenspot,
“We are making up our clubs for next year and
with your permission T will put your name down
for the Monday Afternoon Club, the Tuesday
Morning Whist, the Bi Monthly Wednesday
Card Circle, the Friday Progressive Euchre and
the Saturday Afternoon Sewing Circle, which

really is a whist club,”

Why, Mrs. Tenspot, [never could keep up
with so many clubs’ said Mrs, Politely

You don't have to’ said Mrs, Tenspot. “The
advantages of joining them all is that if you have
a particular day when you feel like whist you
may go to that day's club, Stay away as much
as you lke, That's our principle, The dues
are very small and mostly the same ladies belong
to all the clubs, [ will have to put your — name
down on the liste now to insure your. election
because the clubs are very exclusive, We begin
meeting in Sovember.and as you are to be a mem
ber all the whist club ladies will give themselves
the pleasure of calling on you during the summer
and you Won't feel a bitstrange.’

This appealed to Mrs PNitely and she grate
fully accepted Mrs, Tenspot's offer, The whist
club women did call on her and Mrs, Politely
returned the calls, but she didn't get to know them
until the card season opened, She attended
the Monday Afternoon Club's first session and
when it was over she congratulated herself that
she did not have to maet Mrs, Snmippy, the only
member who was absent,

I didn't know that Suburbanville held such
a woman as Mrs. Snippy, she said to her husband
“Lwonder how she ever got into the Monday After
noon Club at all) What does she do’? Why
everything thats dreadful. She neglects her
children) shamefully. Mrs. Rankler told the
whole club about it and other members chimed
in. She flirts, she is extravagant, she is as nasty
as she can be to her husband and she has a brother

 

who burned a barn for the insurance. Ugh!
What a woman
Mrs. Politely felt that it was necessary to

attend the first meeting of each of her new clubs
and when she appeared at Mrs. Brown's house
on Tuesday morning @ pretty young woman,
stylishly dressed came forward and spoke to
her

“T have heard so much of you, Mrs. Politely,
hat I came this morning specially to meet you,
My brother Jack Blank used to know you and
so did all the other members of my family except
myself I was abroad you know for several years
before my marriage.”

“Are you really Jack Blank's sister?” said
Mrs. Politely. “Well, this is a pleasant surprise
T am delighted to meet you. What is your mar-
ried name? | remember hearing of your mar-
riage, but I confess that I have forgotten your
husband's name.”

“His name is Snippy,’’ was the reply, “but it
is jour for he is the dearest fellow in the
wor

"Snippy!' exclaimed Mrs. Politely

“Yes, do you happen to know him? Iam so-
sorry that I couldn't go to the club meeting yeas-
terlay afternoon

“Lam sorry that you couldn't,” said Mrs. Po
litely, “but Tam glad to meet you now” and just
then Mrs. Rankler came up to tell Mrs. Snippy
how perfectly charming she looked and to ask
about her dear children

Mrs. Politely did not quite understand ft and
she asked several members who were present if
there was another Mrs. Snippy in Suburban
ville? None of them knew any other. After
the club had organized for the season's games
Mrs. Sealskin, the President, said that she was
happy to say that only Mra. Stonehouse and Mrs
Boarder were absent,

“They won't be missed at this meeting,” said
Mrs. Park. “Mrs. Stonehouse has just awful
rows with her servants. [ suppose she was
having one this morning and couldn't leave
Poor woman, she is afflicted with an awful temper
My second girl worked for her a week and IT could
hardly believe the things she said about her
Really Mrs. Stonehouse starves her servanta
and abuses them shamefully.”

[ don't) know anything about Mrs. Stone
house.” said Mrs, Solitaire, “butt can guess why
poor Mrs. Boarder didn't come this morning

| Hoarder is the stingiest man in Suburbanville

He won't give his wife money enough to dress
decently and Mrs. Boarder is so very —-well, plain
you know, that she needs to wear everything
including the piano scarf to look decent. Tam
so sorry for her She expects to make over that
brown dress which she wore all last year, so my
dressmaker tella me, and) Lam sure that it is
threadbare.’

Mrs. Politely sincerely hoped that Mra. Stone
house and Mrs. Doarter would not attend any
of the meetings of the club, but when she met
them the following day at the organization of
the Bi-Monthly Wednesday Card Circle both
women pleased her They were well cdresse|,
wel! bred, and amiable and to her surprise the
women who had abused them most on Tuesday
were apparently their warmest friends on Wednes
day Irs) Rankler was forced to be absent be

| cause her children had whooping cough

If there is any one in this town who despises
small gossip more than T do,” said Mrs. Ten

iT 4 Rankler does annoy me She puts on such
an awful bot of style and vou know Rankler had
to go into a building and loan association to buy
luis house

Really,” sail Mrs. Boarder
much they still owe on it”

 

| wonder how

Nearly $7,000, said Mrs Tenspot, and you
} would think from Mrs. Rankler’s talk that (he
only thing which prevented her setting up beorses

and coachman was the difficulty of finding a good |

coachman.”

Mrs. Rankler’s character was torn
before the meeting adjourned, and every one
an enjoyable time The Fridage Progressive
Buchre and the Saturday AfternoonSewingt uel?
were organized on their respective days, dors |
end of the week Mra. Politely was on the varge of
nervous prostration The members who were
absent on each occasion were either held up te
ridicule or abused like pirates. Mex Politely lad
studied the theory of the thing, and reached acon
clusion which Was correct, Only the absent were

lo shrets

 

+}
atthe

| always wrong.and hence she must nev or be absent

Poor Mrs. Timid was forced to leave the Saturday
Sewing Circle before the meeting aw urned, and

| asaoon as the door closed behind her tie consensus
| ofopinion was quickly indicated
| was afraid of her own shadow.” “Mrs Timid sim

Mrs ‘Timid
ply assumed @ simpering air, but in reality she
was vers shy.” “Mrs. Timid was unhappily mar
ried. She owed her butcherand her creer Her
income was not large enough to warrant her living
asshedid.” “Mrs. Timid joined the church merely
to make acquaintances.” “Mya. Timid orga

her children shamefully,” &e, and Mrs Politely

THE STOLEN RURAL COOK.

OF and now she has offered her house for sale

 

 

[ have vet to find her, but I must say that |

 
   

knew from Mra. Timid’s despairing look as she
went out that she expected just auch comments.

“Lam in for it,” said Maa. Politely to her hue
band, “and | must attend every meeting of each
one of these clubs orf will be so abused and talked
about that] would be miserable.”

“Nonsense! said her husband. “You will have
to get over that feelin Why, you will spend all
your winter in whist clubs.”

“T simply must do tt,” said Mra. Politely, and
she male a brave attempt at it. She aged ten
years during the winter, and she heard more
vicious gossip than she had ever dreamed of, but
the struggle was too much for her, Mra. Politely
broks down, and for two weeks she was under the
doctor's care. Each of her clubs had at least one
meeting during that time, and as it was the frst
chance her friends had enjoyed in club session to
discuss her she imagined that the meetings must
have been very interesting. A few of the well
meaning members called on her aa she was re
covering and told her what the othere had satd
about her Mrs Politely couldn't fight it out,
Mrs
‘Tenspot called on het as soon as the sign was
vutoout, and after expressing deep regret that
Suburbanville was going to lose such an attractive
wornan, said thatshe hoped Mra. Politely wouldn't
object to het seeing the cook for a few minutes.
The cook agreed to return to Mrs. Tenspot. ‘The
laters revenge in getting her into all these
clubs was perfect Lt tired Mrs. Politely out in
one season, and now her colonial bungalow is for
sale orto rent

 

BRITISH BARMAIDS,

 

  

have dreamed of having 4 law passed which should
prevent the employment of girls as bartenders.
It ia maintained that England is far behind the
United States in this matter, and that the country
will go to the dogs unless the barmaid is abolished.
But the efforta in this direction have had little
public support, partly because an English institu-
tion is not easily set aside, and partly because
of @ general conviction that the girl behind the
bar is nut necessarily a bad lot, So an attempt
in anewdirectionhas been begun on behalf of
the barmaid, Instead of being wid that she is
probably a sinner,or soon will be one, she is inerely
invited to come to take tea on Sunday afternoon
with @ woman who doesn't intend & preach to
her and who would like to bea good friend, and,
to quote her own words, would like “to give her
a bit of blue sky to see.”

Mra. Cholmeley, the leader of this new work,
is wealthy and one of the honorary workers in
the Church Army, the organization with
which the Church of England is unintentionally
rivalling Gen, Booth's Salvation Army, She
has received contributions from the Church Army
and from other sources and engaged four or five
girls who have been trained as mission workers
tohelp her. The work, of course, makes it neces
sary that the barmaids should be visited at their
places of business, for these girls work from 7
in the morning until half-past 12 at night,
and, naturally, Mrs, Cholmeley has found it
difficult to enlist women of her own social position
to undertake making the rounds of stich places,
Another drawback is that there are really only
about four hours in the day when this work can
be attempted, for the girls are too busy with cus
tomers Bfrom 12 o'clock until 2 of 3 in the
afternoon, and even busier all the evening. In
spite of these difficulties Mrs, Cholmeley and her
assistants have succeeded in the last six months
in visiting 4,000 barmaids and talking with them.
They take with them a little letter, inclosed in an
envelope, attractively printed and as little like
@ tract as possible, written simply yet calculated

to interest the girl who receives it and to make
ber think,

Some of the larger public houses employ as
many as twenty five barmaids, and in others the
eae are kept busy from morning until night,
yut in every case the workers try to have a few
words with each one of them, as well as to hand
them the letiers. Every letter is signed with
Mrs. Cholmeley's name and bears her address,
and the girls are told thatsheis at homeevery
Sunday afternoon and will be pleased to have
them take tea with her whenever they can. At
these teas she sometimes bas three or four girls,
sometimes only one, more often none. Consider
ing that the girls’ only. breathing time in the
whole week comes on Sunday afternoon and
then is only five hours long, itis not strange that
Mrs. Cholmeley's little receptions are not better
patronized.

Mrs. Cholmeley says that there are many more
good barmaids than evil ones. The girls usually
enter the business for the simple reason that al
most all the other lines open to women are paid
so wretchedly that the 82.50 a week, with meals,
which barmaids receive seems like a for
tune. Then, there is nothing dewrading about
the work, forevery barmaid is called “Miss,” and
the attitude of most customers to her is precisely
like that of men in America to waitresses in
restaurants. In their visits, Mrs. Cholmeley and
her girls have discovered four barmaids who were
formerly teachers in Sunday schools, and several
who keep a little box on the bar and make men
who swear in their presence drop into it a penny
whenever they offend. One girlcollected $4, and
sent tt to a charity fund

As forthe girls the great majority of them would
leave in a moment if they could make as much
money elsewhere in a more elevated calling. The
hours are terrible long; they are obliged fo stand
all through them There is ditty work to be
done in the morning, sometimes insulta to put
yp with, and always the temptation to drink
Mra. Cholmeley says fewer of them yield to this
temptation than would be expected. The girle
areusually related to the proprietor or hia friends
and some of them enter the business aa early
as the age of 14. They find their husbands in
the public houses. If they dont get married
and retire they die young, the result of the hard
work and long hours hi least, that was what
the girls said when asked what became of the
old barmaids

What Mrs. Cholmeley hopes to accomplish
eventually she hardly knows. Her ideal is,
finally, to divide the city of London up into dis
tricts and enlist women workers enough to look
after the girls rather carefully, in case any of
them is Ulor in trouble, then to find a woman
of some prestige in each of those districta who would
receive the girls on Sunday or whenever they
could come and counsel them if they needed it.
At present 35,000 has been spent in the work

 

POST OFFICE

BUILDINGS.

 

The Expanding Postal Business Leads to a
Serious Item of Expenditure,

The American method of conducting the Post
Office business so as to give “the greatest good
to the greatest number and no profit to the Govern
ment” has one disadvantage. That is the im-
possibility of providing from time to time, as the
requirements of an expanding volume of business
call for them, new buildings for Post Office uses,
or for the extension of those already in use. The
American theory of Post Office business is that as |
the revenues of the Department increase in excess |
of the expenses, the surplus should be applied
to betterments in the service and the recurrence
of other surpluses provided against by a reduction
in the postal rates. This system, which has worked
remarkably well in the past, giving a steady
decrease in’ postal charges with many improve
ments as regards delivery, Coes not take into
account the requirements for new buildings, and |
these must, therefore, be provided for by separate
approprations, which are just now in much de
mand from Congress

At the time of the last report there were 1,000
Post Offives of the firstand second classes in’ the
United States, exclusive of minor or village Post
Offices,and of these chief Host Offices 252 were in
buildings owned by the Government and the
remainder were in leased premises, the gross an
nual rental of which was nearly half a million

dollars, exclusive of nearly as much more paid
for the rent of postal substations. The entre
appropriation ~t for leased buildings and parts
of buildings (the usage of the Government is to
provide in leases of buildings for Post Office use
for heat, light and a safe or vault), is 81,500,000
a year, and the larger Post Offices whieh are, of
cour those which yield the most profit to the
Government, the minor ones being operated at a
loss, ental no expenditure for buildings, money
for which is separately appropriated from Govern
ment funds by Congress. Estimates differ as to
the value of Yost Office buildings owned by the
United States Government The New York
Post Office cost 87,000,000, and all large Amerion
cities, Wastoagton now included, have Post Offices
of modern design, the collective value of which
s certainly not leas than $100,000,000 and may
be considerably in excess of that amount in view |
of the fact that in many cases the siies for Post

Office buildings have been presented by the States |
or municipalities, as the case may be, without

 

any cost to the General Government; and if the
value of land be taken into account an! the ex
pense of interior equipment added, itis probable

that the Post Office buildings represented by the
Government, and included, would represent 4 |
capitalization of 8200.000,000, the annual nierest |
charge on which would about equal the annual
defeut from post office operations, which is from
£0,.000,.000 to 810,080, 000

[tis under these circumstances that the dem.ond |
for new PostOffice buildings or for the boproys
ment of established Post (fice buildings is usucily |
resisted by Congress. There ia considerable
rivalry between cities inthis regard ‘The Kansas
City Post OMlce, when completed, is to cost $850,000)
the St Paul Post Office, $800,000, the Omaia
Poat Office $750,000, the Savannah Post (ifice |
$400,000, the Charleston Post Office $400,000 and |
the Newark Post Office building alike sum New
York exeseds all other cities of the country not
only in respect to the volume of PostO fice business,
but also in the profit arising from it

| winder,” are the three grades of certificate

|

|

Mrs, Cholmeley’s Efforts to Help Them in

London by Means of Sunday Teas,

LONDON, Feb, 28.- ‘There are 120,000 barmaids
in England, and at various times sundry folk

|

|

|

|

WOMEN WHO TEST SILKS

A KIND OF ABSAYING AT WHICH
FEMININE FINGERS BXCEL,

 

 

 

It Requires a Lifetime to Learn the Bust-
ness and One Must Have Aptitude as
Well—Tricks of the Orteutals Which the
Sik Conditioners Discover Speedily.

‘The most important laundry workers in the
world are the women employed in the silk con-
ditioning houses. They wash, boil, bleach,
rinse and dry, but instead of ironing, they weigh
and reweigh the pieces with the most minute
exactness, and the values comprehended In eae
feparate operation amount to thousands of dol-
lars. The doer up of linen, dimity and cottom
may become an expert in her line after @ couple
of years’ practiee and no particular educadon,
but it takes the silk boileroff treble hat time
t attain mastery of her profession, The com
ditioners deal only with the raw silk as NW comes
from the cocoons, @ filmy, deceptive substance @
work with

“Itt took me a lifetime to learn this business,®
said @ woman assayer. ‘'Il's thirteen years since
I started in business and I've been conditioning
all that time. My father and grandfather were
conditioners. ‘They learned silk in the old country.

"LT took up silk conditioning because it peye
betier than stenography, and | had the right
feel of the fingere,” said another boiler off, “No
matter how intelligent a girl ia if the silk sticke
to her fingers she's a failure, but I found out quite
accidentally, after 1 had setiled on being @ secre
tary, that | was # born silk worker, Womem
having the right knack with aflk can alwaye
make good money, and the silk industry is ong
line of work in which women are absolutely indie»
pensable. Por instance, only women are eme
ployed in the warp room of any silk manufactory
and this preparing of the lengthwise thread for
the loom is most important and « departmend
enabling the industrious worker to make 826
a week. Men are excellent weavers, good fortes
men and weighers, but when it oomes to direct
handling of the raw filaments they yield the
palm. You may have seen very 9 art and ine
telligent people try to make the slip Knot in tate
ting and fail, and some such inexplicaQe sleight
of hand is requisite for the worker in raw ilk.

“Now, in silk conditioning or assa noe
only this proper feel of the fingers is
but the proper judgment and nicety of caleula
If I let my drying silk scorch, for instance,
if | don't boil the gum out of it thoroughly, and
if] erreven so much as gramme in comphtin
my weights, there's a peck of trouble. Th
value of the whole bale of silk is reckoned from
the conditioned sample, and the raw ailk th
travels all the way from India, China or Ja
is worth something.”

A professor who was never graduated from
any college is in charge of the raw silk condition;
ing where the women work, a man who know
every trick ever practised by silk growers since
time was and to whom manufacturers and ime
porters appeal with their perplexities, But thie
director leaves the actual work of discovering?
these admixtures to his lleutenants. Before thé
hanks of yellow and white raw silk are olumped
into the boilers they are subjected to the dessic.

ing apparatus to determine the éxact percentage.
or moisture absorbed by the silk since the worms
spun it, Silk, like all textile fibres, contains @
certain degree of moisture, but @ bale of ailk is
capable of holding from 15 to 25 per cent. of water
without showing a sign of it The Oriental oilk
farmers always start to reel their silk from the
cocoons in the beginning of the rainy seasor
The importers and manufacturers do not rel
paying for water at raw silk rates, hence the
ditioning houses. After the moisture has been

thoroughly expressed from the hanks of silk, they
are put into little whide bags and buled twice
in a bath of boiling seap suds, rinsed, dried by
hot air again and then put through the other
festa. The scene is quite domestic as the women
manipulate the dozens of samples, weighing
them with the accuracy that apothecaries use in
weighing out critical drugs and managing every
operation with extreme neatness because of the
costly nature of the goods

The cocoons are put into water preparatory
to reeling the silk of A brush something like
a whisk, or a sink broom, is used to catch the end
of the thread for the reeling. This reeling is
ordinarily done in the household of the silk farmer,
and anything gummy that he can put into the
water for the cocoons to soak up means so much
gain for his pocket and so much damage to the
purity of the silk. Rice water is admirable for
this purpose, that being cheap in Japan and easy
to get. Dissolved tin is a good thing also, and
there are tin mines in plenty in the mountain
districta of China: soap, sugar, any kind of grease
or oily vegetable matter will answer, and the
Orientals are versed in a variety of expedients
for overweighting that we are unable to guess at.
Tha most tactful manufacturer cannot weave
rich, pliant silk from filaments that have been
tampere | with. ‘The native silkiness is marred
by the process necessary to abstract the foreign
aubstance. Those exquisitely delicate silken
fabrics. made on the hand looms of Europe and
the Orient are made from silk wound off the cocoon
while the worm is still alive, instead of ifs having
been killed by roasting, as is the common prac-
tice ‘The roasted cocoon gives off ite silk more
readily. The reeling is facilitated, but the differs
ence in the texture of silk obtained from a live
cocoon and that obtained from a dead one is plain
to an expert. He can detect it just 44 & game
connoisseur can tell from the taste of the bird
whether it was scaled in order to make the feathers
come off easily or was picked dry

“The certain proportion of native gum existent
in the cocoon,” said the conditioner, “playa inte
the tricksters’ hands and our business is to detect
the true from the false and put the standard of anv
particnlar bale just where it belongs. Then the sille
dealers know just what grade of raw sta ther
have to deal with, the throwers and dyers have
a standard togo by, and the mantfacturers know
definitely what grade of goods it is possiblete
make from any certain lot of hanka and wont
be trying blindly. as it were, to fashion a sille
purse out of a sow | ear

“Sometimes we have tomake decompositions of
manufactured silka to discover what has inter-
fered with their perfection Our professor can
tell the moment he gets the silk in his hands pretty
nearly, what the trouble was, but it is assayed
accumtely in proof Dessication, boiling, rinsing
drying and weighing of minute fractional quane
tities Is necessary in every ease

The women conditioners also work in the sizin
room, where the recled silk threads are measure?
and their enna ascertained. ‘The test is mad@
on five skeins Yaken at random out of a bale.
“Winds very well,” “Winds well,” “Not a good
The
skeins are also weighed individually, and there
are tests for raw silk, for thrown silk and for spun
silk, all accomplished by women possessing the
rare finger touch and accuracy. The winding
machines used are delicate and expensive. ‘Tha
raw silk wound off from the cocoon where the

 

 

 

| silk is raised is reeled very unevenly, thiek and

thin, more filaments in one spot than another.
This is a drawback to smoothly woven goods,
and the conditioners tell the manufacturer jnat
what degree of evenness he can depend on. The
silk threads are then tested, both as to tenacity
and elasticity, two qualifleations inherentin the
best silk To gauge the tenacity increasing
weights are hung to the single thread until i¢
breaks, the tester registering the weight required
to break it. The elasticity of a silk thread de-
pends upon the length percent. to which that thread
can stretch without braking. Ten different
tests are made for each sample and then the average
is taken

One other test is made, namely, the finding
of the twist in a given sample of thrown silk,
Deft fingers and acute sight are requisite for this,
much untwisting and counting being necessary,
and when it is remembered that a thread of com-
mon sewing silk contains about two hundred
filaments of the silk as the worm spun it some idea
of the patience and astuteness of these testers
may be arrived at

SERUM FOR SNAKE

BITF,

The New Zoo Provided With a Supply ta
Case of Accidents,

( quantity of antivenin has been secured
by William T Hornaday. Director of the New
York Zoological Park, and turned over to R
Ditmars, curator of the reptile department of the
Park, for use in case of accident to attendants
or others in the reptile house

The preparation is a serum imported from the
Pasteur Institute at Lille, Nord, France, where
itis prepared in the usual manner by the repeated
of horses with the venom of poison.
ous until the poimon reduced
) etrenuth and the resultant serum may be used
on man or beast as @ counter irritant to the bite
ofsnakes oor other polsenous reptiles

There are a number of poisonous snakes in
the reptile he but thus far none of the atten-
dants has had the misfortune wo be bitten, nor
do any of them believe there is serious danger
as long as care js used in working about their
dangerous changes, but a surgical cabinet, stocked
with lancets an) cups to secure promptand coplous
flow of blood, and ligatures to prevent the spread
ef venom throwch the blood, was among the
first of the furnishings of Curator Intmars’s room
in the reptile house = =‘The serum anu a supply of
hypodermic syringes with which to inject it inte
the blow! of the vietim of snake bile have beem
mide to the surgical supplies

The serum is said to have been used with marked
suceess in climates where poisonous snakes
abound and where, aleo, they bite proves Ga
ceptionally fatal,

inoculation

snakes has been

se

 

———————————