——————
QS

"THE ISLE OF THE WINDS,’

BY 8S, R. CROCKETT,

 

Copyright 1899, by S. R. Crocketi,

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS INSTALLMENTS,

Sir James Stansfield of New Milns, in company
with hia grandson, young Philip, meets in an inn-
houre bis sop Philip and his son's paramour,
Janet Mark, ihey quartel—Sir James goes home
taking along bis grandson, Tiat night he is mur
dered by bis dissolute fon and Janet Mark. They

 

take his body outside and lay it on an ice-floe inthe
effort to fasten the crime uponethershoulders, But
the boy Phili has witnessed the crime—he
tells his wrandfather’s chief tenant, Umphray

and Spurway eveceeds in having

murderer brouvht to justice, He ts
sentenced to be hanged, and his woman

accomplice to be transported. Mysteriously Philip
Btansfeld escapes the gallows, seeks out hin wife,
finds her in the company of Spurway, and tries to
murder her, but does not quite @ucceed, She ts
taken away to Abercairn tor cure, leaving her son,
young Philip, in charge of Spurway and in the com-
pavy of little Anna Mark, from her learos that in
some ways girlaare worth jute as mich aa boys,
For exaniple, in the time of the cattle droving, when
Master Spurway bought hie winter beast in the

 

‘Mart’ Anna beats Philip in helping to
cut them ont, Still they are excellent friends,
even though she beats him at her — studies,

in the achoo] to which they go together, John Btang
field, Philip's lawyer uncle, brings in & new teacher,
Dominfe Ringrose, a small man, with wonderful
eyes, shortly after his coming the countryside in
shocke:! and thrilled witha number of bloody and
mysterious murders, evidently for the sake of rob-
bery, Business calle Umphray Spurway from
home, |) his absence, aA big packing Case, purport:
ing to be fullof fine Spanish wool, is delivered to
Will Bowman, Umphray's clerk. He pute it in
the weaving shed. That night. Philip, play-
ing about it, sees ehining through the
gauze of the packing case a pair of eyes. He
calla Will Bowman, who counts three, then atabse
the packing case with @ email sword, Blood flows,
they open the case and find Dominie Ringrose in-
side, apparently dead. Shortly after the house is
stacked by robbers, whom Ringrose had meant to
letin, They are beaten off. but afterward Philip's
mother refuses to let him spend the holidays at New
Milne, Returninyz from aday’s visit to New Milne
Philip falls in with Saul Mark, Anna's gypsy
father, who, under pretence of showing him

 
  

sir Harry Morgan's treasure, makes him @
prisoner. Anna finds out hi« plight and leads
‘mphray Spurway on ‘his track, By the help

 

f his silent partner, Provost Gregory Partan, Saul
Mark, supercargo of the shi; Corramantee, impria-
ons both Annaand Spurway, robbing Spurway of
Much money and a portrat of Philip's mother
Philip the elder, who fs in league with Sanl Mark,
takes the portrait and sends young Philip away,
Leaving Spurway imprisoned Philip Stansfield the
elder goes ont in Spurway s cloak to his wife's house
and by threats induces her to go aboar| the Corra
mantes. The vessel carmes them t. the Spanish
Main, where they are linded onan island ina bne-
caneer settlement. There Anna and Philip make
friends with Eborra, He shows them where Si:
Harry Morgan's treasure is, guarded by Fer de-lance
and bis ho

   

 

 

CHAPTER XXXII
THE JOLLY BOAT

Yellow Jack bad indeed more than kept his
promise. He had shown us the thin crust of
kindly treatment on which we were depending
Why Capt Stansfield had not gone with his ship
T could not then understand = 1 understood after
ward that as the wretched white slaves were dis-
posed of in his Majesty's plantations, and the
transaction must be one of considerable publicity,
it was not prudent for Capt Stansfield to appear
For, since his escape, descriptions of him had been
sent across to the colonial Governments, and all
Scottish ships were closely scrutinized for the con |
demned murderer. Alsoin Virginia andthe Caro: |
linas there was no Provost Gregory Partan to blind |
the eyes of the authorities i

But at that time | put down my father's being |
secretly on the island to some fell design upon my |
mother | resolved, therefore, immediately to |
devise means of escape from the Isle of the Winds
and to take my chance upon the mainland, when
ever wecould reach it. [thought that the distance
could not be very great, at least to some of the
civilized and larger islands. But Tl had no more
exact idea of the geography than a vague remem
brance of a map in the Moll’s alas which had be
longed to my grandfather

However, | resolved first to question our guide,
and after resting a few days lL asked bim again |
to accompany Anna and myself into the woods
on pretext of gathering the ripe plums of a tall and
beautiful tree which grew there

“Eborra,” I said, as soon as we were without the
village, and safe from the prying ers of the lib
erty men, “must we always stay here’ Is there
no way to escape among Christian people”

He smiled his wistful smile

“Already you are tired of poor Obeah man? |
Christian you like better. Are not these Christian?” |
He pointed with bitter irony to the buecaneer |
village beneath us |

‘Nay, Eborra,” | said: “we are not tired of you

(And Anna chimed in, “Nay, truly’ You are |
the only friend we have on this accursed island’

\nd our quick speech pleased him no little

(on this occasion we kept to the right, skirting
ie high woods, and walking first along the shore |

nd then among the easier herbage on the margin

{the bay. I had noticed that the sailorsof the
Corramantee never by any chance wandered in

his direction, but always took their walks south
ward along the opposite curve of the crescent.
\We were now heading toward its northern horn

| asked Yellow Jack the reason why the sailors
avoided this place |

He pointed to alow bush. like the alders which |
grew along the Kirkconnel water at home, which
»verhung the path

“That is the reason,” he said, sententiously

And he tndicated a huge snake which lay along |
a branch, with its head swaying a little over and |
toward us. “Fer-de-lance strike at faces of those
who pass beneath strike like a whiplash
and then come back to his place"

“Let us go further out,” [ said, thinking of |
Anna, “where there is clean, yellow sand to walk
on. Why run the risk of dying in a swamp by |
gerpent’s poison”

“He will never touch Eborra, nor yet Eborra's
friends,” said the lad. And though it thrilled
me with fear to see him he went up close and }
passed his hand caresingly up and down the |
snake's back, humming at the same time his low,
continuous song. Anna and I shuddered
look at bim, but Eborra was jferfectly calm, and
the huge fer-de-lance arched his ruddy back like |
@ petted cat by the fireside, moving his head |
quickly to and fro before our guide's face

“He Obeah, I Obeah!” said Yellow Jack, and,
with @ farewell caress, he came on with us once
more through the scrubby undergrowth, We
were soon forcing our way with cutlass and knife
through the tangle toward the northern horn.
Here, at some former time, the whole face of the
cliff had fallen down in a vast tumbled confusion,
thousands of huge blocks being piled indiscrim
nately over each other, and these, seen from the |
sea, were full of black holes, overgrown with
tasseled creepers and prickly pear- the haunt,
so the sailormen said, of wild animals and deadly
snakes |

Into this tangle Yellow Jack led us by a path
which had obviously been trodden more than
once before, as confidently as a man will walk |
up to his own front door

“Do not fear,” he said; “I will show you how
to escape fom these Christiana.”

So, greatly heartened by his promise, we fol-
lowed, Anna as usual leading the way, and the
guide putting the creepers aside from before the |
girl's face by holding them in the hook at the end
of his right arm till she had passed. I had to
attend to myself

The huge down-throw of rock, heaped above
in fantastic masses, was 4 very rabbit warren
below, through whose tunnels Eborra threaded
his way--gliding under this block and clamber
ing over the next We followed down a long,
gloomy passage, and over a miniature moun
tain pass. Then, ducking low again till we
emerged safely on the loveliest litte sheltered
bay, a very harbor in miniature, completely
sheltered from all sight of the sea and defenced
on the land side from the buccaneer's village.

Anna clapped her hands at the sight, and cried
out with pleasure at the lovely sand and shells
on the shore, The shells were not broken to pieces,
as on the beach in front of the village, by the

force of the waves, but every tny, turretlike
form perfect to its last whorl. Some were marked
like staircases, with steps of alternate yellow
and red. Anna bent and gathered handfuls
and finally lapfuls of these, murmuring all the
while with a kind of tenderness, “Ah, that I had
vou home with me at the Miln house, how happy
1 should be'” E

And this was all sole complaint | heard her
make all the time she was on the island

In one corner of this fairy paradise, and shei-
tered from the wash of any seas by the great

 

 

sO

lo

 

 

 

utting nose of the North Horn, a ship's jolly
hunt rode at anchor close to a4 little natural pier,
as taut and trim as if the Indianman’s crew had
just left her.

I ran to her and found that she was both wel!
kepta nd well-found, having oars commodiously
packed under a protecting awning, @ short-sock-

 

| might listen to their talk

    

_— —————————

ted syar for hoisting a sali, and all the necessary
conveniences for making a voyage of some length.
A chain of stout links of tron’ connected her stem
with the anchor ot the bottom of the little harbor,

“We must set sail at once, before the ship comes
back!” Lecried eagerly. “Where did you get the
boat, and why have you not escaped long ago’

For the marvel of possessing such @ treasure
aud yet remaining in a position of slavery, troubled
me.

But Yellow Jack held up his bandless arm,
and said reproachfully, without answering my
firtst question, “This ia the reason, sir, also whom
would Eborra trust except his weak old mother’
And wither would he go, when there--there and
there” (pointing south, north and east) ‘are slaves,
slaves only slaves”

Then he guided us toa small hut bduiltof drift
wood and thatched with broad palmetto leaves,
which stood unseen in a charming recess of the
roc.

 

H
s.
Eborra’s house!” he explained, with a proud
and satisfied look And here, upon blocks of
wood rudely shaped as stools, we sat and ate
bananas and strange fruite which our guide
had brought with him, while almost at our feet
the wavelets hissed crisply along the beach of
bright shells and golden sand

he half-caste stood silent before us a long
time before he spoke

“You Eborra's friends,” he said, “You not
lke the others. Suppose Fborra shows you
how to escape, you never sell him into slavery
Never let cruel white man whip his mother~ be
cause she is @ witch!”

I could tell him that still in my own country
poor old women like his mother were condemned

or witchcraft, and that, not so long ago, one
had been burned with all circumstances of civil
and ecclesiastical pomp upon the borough moor
of Abercain itself

On the contrary, Anna promised that if we were
delivered and restored to our own country, he
should be rewarded and cared for, and his mother,
also. He turned on he a look of dog-like grati
tude, and, taking her hand, he set it on his head
“Eborra vour slave!” he said gratefully

Then, in fragmentary, but easily understood,
sentences, he told us that, if we did endeavor
to escape, we must go northward, that a chain
of islands connected us with the larger settle
ments of Puerto Rico and Jamaica, where we
would find governments, and ships in which to
return to our nativeland But he warned us that
the voyage would prove a long and dangerous
one Moreover, the jollyboat would go so slow
that if the Corromantee chanced to return about
the time of our eseape we should be instantly
captured

Suill, here was 4 hope, a possibility, and, accord
ing to my fashion, I began instantly to build upon
it fn five minutes T had us all back in imagina
tion at New Milns, my uncle John dethroned,
the Prince come to hisown, And the Princess

But Yellow Jack broke in remorselessly upon
the beauty of my vision. “To nightor to morrow
at latest the Corromantee will return. We must
wait till they lay her ashore to careen her We
need many things for the voyage. We must
flud casks for water and bring them hither: we
must take dried tongues, smoked beef .

“How can we get these?” interrupted
“unless we steal’? We cannot buy them.’

Yellow Jack looked at her in astonishment

It is no sin te steal from the thief,” he said
“They cut off Eborra's hand  Eborra take his
boat to help bim to get back his flesh and bones
Will heever getthat back?” He held up the stump
of his arm as he spoke, smiling strangely as hedid
sv, and neither of us made any further objection
so easily is morality sometimes satisfied

Tasked Eborra how he knew thatthe ship would
return speedily. “My mother told me she saw it
sailing hither. It fought and took a slip. Many
people killed) Twoshipseome with much plunder,
tonight to-morrow, perhaps!”

I said to myself that if this proved to be true
his mother would be a witch indeed, and in my
ovn country might be in greater danger than
n any pirate isle, | thought of Mr. John Bell

We went back, not by the way we had come,
but through the silent woods Eborra, like the
guardian demon of the place, humming bis curi
ous song, and the deadly snakes waving their
heads at us from the boughs  Bnightcolored
birds flashed across us. Strange flowers gleamed
amid the dull green of the foliage. Far off we
eould bear a sound like a bell struck in some
church tower, 4 solemn note,
sonorous then silence vet more complete, and
ewain after a space the solemn toll, as if in the
deeps of the unknown wood the dead were burying
the dead

Then out of this intenser silence from the forest
edges, where the high woods stood uplike a black
rampart wall, thera would come @ sudden terrible
seream, or laughter equally hideous some bird
seized by a serpent, or perchance only a howling
monkey playing bo peep with his kind

An hour afterward, as we entered the village
with our hastily seized bunches of grapes and
satchels of wild plums, we attracted no attention,
something absorbing in interest had happened
The whole population stood at gaze, a even
my mother was on the baleony of her house,
looking out to sea as eagerly asany. Two ships
hat been sighted, one with three and the other
with two masts. They were heading directly
for the island
Jack's mother was a witch, or whether our gu ide
owed his revision to some superior eyesight

CHAPTER NXXIT
JIM PEMBURY MAKES A MISTAKE

Bul at any rate we had now something definite
todo. The jollyboat must be provisioned Will
Bowman must be enlisted, a watch kept upon the
beach for such readily conveyable articles as
would be useful to us in our adventure, and, most
difficult of all, my mother bumored and kept in
ignorance Ul the last moment

It was too late for the ships to pass the intricate
and dangerous passage of the reefs before the
morning. But I do not think that in the bue
caneer village there were many shut their eyes
that night. A continual hum of voices came
fo our ears, and &s we went cautiously along the
shore, the acrid smell of tobacco, or the red glow
from a lop sided pipe bowl told where the liberty
men were discussing the chances of a new capture

Anna and [stole near a group of them that we
That also might prove
or so we told each other. Por with the
overboard of one convention many

Anna,

useful
throwing
others go

But we were bound to escape, and must not
stand upon ascruple. We had resolved to suspend
the commandment we had learned. “Thou shalt
notsteal.” And so the unwritten addition, "Thou
shalt not eavesdrop, could be of no more binding
interpretation for us

“Pell ye what,” said one man, whom I recognized
by his accent as Rodney Pax, a red bearded
burly man, and a great favorite on account
of his Gyod humor, “if sonder boat's a three
master, I'm glad | was not aboard o' the Corto
mantee when she was took. Fightin’ | am with
you in, but walkin’ the plank blindfold! That's
what gets me, Jim! | can bear them scream as
they hit the water!”

It was Jim Pembury who replied, a lean, lanky,
gipsy like fellow with a nose broken in combat

“For me,” he said, between quien puffs of his
pipe, “I see no two ways EKither die old in the
ditch or run your chance of dying young on the
scaffold. [do not hold with this cant of merey
If we are brethern of the Coast, brethren let us be
Idon't hold with bringing
a palace for them to live In, and that boy and girl
running peering everywhere. No good comes
©’ that, as I see!

“One's captain's son -Cother's | supercargo’s
daughter! That's why!” said another out of the
darkness

“P'raps they'll make it up and start a new crew!”
chuckled another

“birst we know,” continued Jim Pembury
“this island will get blowed on, and we'll bear
the blessed Magistrate atellin’ us that we had
better get ready to be banged by the neck tll
we be dead, ‘And the Lord have i

“Stow that, Jim,” sald Rodney Pax quickly
“no good ever comes o' takin’ them words in vain!

"Rodney's turning soft, I guess, like Captain
and old Saul’ said Jim Pembury.

‘Dare you say as much to either o' them you've
named, Jim?’ retorted Rodney. “Tony Drake
an’ me ‘ill come along and bring home the pieces
ina fo'e'sle sack, if you do!

“if you think I'm a feared o' either Captain
or any gipsy tinker that breathes, you're mis-
taken,” said Pembury, “I'm as good = they
is, and better, I didn't kill my father when be
was asleep”

Something passed us quickly, a tall figure,
dark against the sky, as Anna and I cowered
lower behind the hedge of prickly pear,

“Stand up, Jim Pembury,” I heard the voice
of Capt. Stansfield, very clear and yet not loud.
“You pever killed your father, did you nut? Well,
you havea chance to killa better man now, Stand
up and fight for your life! [ might have you
tied up and shot like a dog for the words you
have spoken, If 1 gave the order, is there a man
would say me nay’ But I give you a chance,
which is more than he deserves, Has he bis
knife, men? Getover the hedge, the rest of you
1 will fignt him in the dark who slanders in the
dark Are you ready, Pembury’ Step out’

But the man did not reply ‘ready he nad
dropped to the ground, and from where he crouched
we could see him creeping around the shelter
of the hedge with the Intent to strike the first
blow. It was aterrible moment. We were on
the same side of the hedge, and he was crawling
so closely that he could scarcely avow touching
either of us. Yet the prickly pear hedge was
full of keen spines, and it was Impossible ember
to overleap it or to push through, So, though
1 suffered intense pain from the pricking, I pressed
my back against the fleshy leaves and drew Anna
down wpon my knees, just as Jim Pembury came
creeping softly round, He was so close in that
I thought be could not possibly escape seeing
But he had eyes only for my father, who

us
had never moved since he had spoken. I could
see him still, black against the sky, making a

blank among the stars.

Every moment I expected to feel the knife,
and | wondered if it could hurt much more than
the needles which were Bercing into my back
and side, But, just as Pembury crouched for
the rush, I felt something strike my foot. The
crouching man stumbled and fell forward upon
the stones and shingle, with an oath and 4 ring
of iron as his knife went clattering out of his
hands, The dark figure of Capt. Stansfield
vanished too quickly for our eyes to see what
happened next, We also heard the sound of two
heavy blows stricken in quick succession, & dull
groan like that of & pole-axed ox, and then between
us and the sky we saw the dark, tall figure of the
captain. He was wiping his knife delicately,
even asl had seen him do once before in the Blue
Room at New Milns

Then a hand fell on the collar of my shirt. and
I was lifted to my feet, Anna still in my arms.

“What is this’ said my father's voice. "More
traitorous knaves? What’ my son Philip night
lurking here among the hedges”

“He fell over my foot, sir” | stammered, with-
out thinking what I had said

"Aba, son Philip! then [ owe you that which

reverberant and |

And I knew not whether Yellow |

 

white women here with |

I shall not forget! But now escort this young

ay to your mother's house, and go you to bed.

eo ls is neither time nor place for either of you
‘ahaean”

So Anna and | walked back to my mother's
house, and found her sitting at her stocking with
an open Bible before her, She knitted apedily
and as if her fingers could not stop. But thoug
she looked at the book, I do not think she read
much

“You are too late out, Philip and Anna!” she
said, as if we had been playing aboutthe Yett
house at hi-spy or marbles, “It ts alwgether
Unseem! y!"

So for once on their lives my father and my
mother were agreed upon @ question of morals.

CHAPTER XXXIV.
THE CORRAMANTER'S PRIZE,

Our friend Yellow Jack always said that Capt
Stansfield was noi by any means the worst of
white men; and qualified praise seemed to be
the sense of all we could gather from the other
slaves upon the island, Indeed, my father's
own “boy,” @ fat rascal named Jacob, was looked
upon by all as a very fortunate person, and was
constantly in demand at every negro dance and
obeah festival on account of bis) supposed tn
fluence with his master

Strangely, of late, | also had begun to doubt
the evidence of my senses, and to wonder ff, indeed,
what | had seen and heard in the blue room of
New Milns could have been real. Hut now, and
for some time afterward, | had soon other things

upon my mind than speculation as to the par-
ticular tinge of red upon my father's hands. At
the best their purity was by no means virgin. |

In the morning the ships were in the bay They

proved to be the Corramantee and another tall
vessel of three masts, full rigged and capable
of containing twice the number of men whieh
manned tne hermaphrodite schooner. ut,
though there were blanks in the muster roll,
and the second mate would never more bid o man
wash his socks on board any earthly ship, there
were no new faces; and it was obvious that the
task of bringing the ships into port had been a
difficult one, fut now the liberty men swarmed
on board, and in a trice the boats were eine mer
rily to and fro between the ships and the beach,
conveying provisions and plunder of all sorts
Saul Mark stood at the landing place and examined
every boatload, w all appearance ae ae in
separating what was kept for future disposal
from those articles to be divided immediately,

All provisions and munitions of war were sent

to a common store. But, on the other hand, the
men were allowed to keep small articles of private
loot, Such as watches and jewelry. (Where were
the poor souls who had wern these’) Several
wounded buccaneers sat about the shore, talking
in low tones to their women, and saying a word
eecasionally to their companions as they went
jovially by. Yet all was done in so matter ol
fact and cheerful a way that T could not bring
myself to believe that red slaughter had been
done on the high seas, or that these men, whose
cheerfully would give a neighbor o helping
shoulder beneath his burden or cast sportive
arms about the waists of two giggling yellow
girls, could be the bloody pirates and tmiuraerers
the dead Pembury had represented thei: to be

As usual, Capt. Stanstield stood apart, neither
associating with officers nor with men, bul watch
ing with keen eves thatevery one did his duty

Tne task of discharging the captured ship
occupied a full week of Wondrousiy hot weather
The men worked stripped most of them to their
trousers, while others went about with nothing
more upon the than a breech clout ‘The seat
was smooth asa mill pond oA’ that Peould have
seen Umphray Spurwas's') all the time, and
the boats went regularly out, and came as regular
ly in I Seater greatly to visit the captured
ship, but I think that | might have succeeded
in hiding in some of the boats, for the men were
cheerful and good humered beyoud their wont
partly with the rum that had been freely served,
and partly with the prospect of the large dividend
which each expected at the close of the discharge
But, justas the boatin which Twas hidden started,
Anna Mark came running down to the shore
erying, “Take me, too!” Forshe had been delayed
at some task for my mother, which liked her litule

because it kept her within doors.

As soon as her father heard Anna call, he bade
the men cease from rowing

“Who is thatin the bow of the boat?" he said

And when they told him
he cried, “the ship is no place forhim’

Whereupon [told him that I had not wished
to go aboard, but only went for the pleasure of
the sa.!

But he looked as if he had bard work to be
lieve me, and made me disembark. Then came
my father by, and I saluted him, as I saw others
do, making beld tu ask him if 1 could not go out
with one of the boats to the ship. He shook his
head and passed on without speaking

Yet Capt Stansfield had not gone far before
he turned and said) “You can go tomy quarters
and get my telescope. You may visit the ship
through that’

T was overjoyed
get the glass at once

Now, | had never been in the house where my
father abode, and | would not at this time have
been able to make my way within had not lazy
Jacob been out lounging upon the wall beneath
keeping all the while his eyes upon this master,
so that upon his return he might be found busily
engaged at hisown proper wor

he great brass porape: tive glass was notin the
litde room, where the debris of my father's break
fast was not yet cleared away from the table by
that guod for nothing Jacob. The walls were
hung round with swords, pistols, muskets and
other material of war, but nothing of the nature
of a spy glass could | deseern

and Anna and | started to

‘Sendthe ladashore’” |

THE SUN, SUN

 

 

about a certain relapse into indifference and

apathy.

ac indeed, at this time my mother appeared
to be leas herself than L have ever seen her

“Why escape at all” she satd. “Do you know
where you will arrive at’ -most likely amo!
cannibals, And this ts indeed very quiet an
peaceful, We have what we want to eat
you are troubled outside, Philip, or if your house
Is not comfortable, come and stay here with Anna
and me You can have Anna's room, and she
shall bring her bed in here beside me’

So we resolved to Say no more to hee for the
present, and when necessity arose to get her to
accompany us to the boat upon a pretext With
this in view it became our custom to call her out
in the evening and sometimes tn the morning
also, in order that she might get accustomed
to walking: with us At first the astonished faces
and ill concealed admiration of the men on shore,
and yet more the curiosity of the black women
Who flocked about making very audible remarks
almost made her turn back. But gradually
she became accustomed to go with us, and aftera
whileshe began tolike these Hitleexcursions, which
broke the monotony of her day. | Yellow Jach,
too, and his hook were at first distasteful, but
gradually she became as fond of him as we were
T think, however, she never trusted or liked bis
mother, whom the sailors called Witeh Sally
She averred that the negress was very like a
certain ancient Sarah Grisby, who in the sunny
meadows about Clieveden had cast the glamor
upon herself “and one other,” as she said Which
made us judge that the “one other” must baye
been that young Master Will Lucy, Squires
Master Will, of whom Caleb Clinkaberry had
spoken, which thought took me back vividly
to those terrible days after my mother’s: hurt,
and 1 wondered whether Caleb still abode at the
Yett house by the gate of New Milns, and, as
he promised, kept the nest warm for our home
coming

Anything served for a pretext for these walks,
which, however, never led us very far from the
settlement. We wished alse to accustom the
liberty men and the buccaneers on shore to the
sightof my mother wandering aboutin our cor
pany. Bot, remembering the guard whieh had
been set at either end of the hut, I could never
feel that we were truly alone, though | could never
eateh any one in the aet of following us

It was a long while before we got any oppor
tunity of carrying out our plans of escape, and
indeed it was ehance, and notany deep laid plan,
which ultimately gave us our liberty, or at least
delivered us from our forced detention on the Isle
of the Winds

But, curiously enough, it was Will Bowman
who set all my inother's scruples at rest. She
had always a great regard for Will She never
really Lhed Anna Mark, for reasons wh.ch have
been infieated. Bat WiLL Bowman she looked
Up lo as sh some Ways the representative of Cm
phray Spurway, whose will she had (save in one
») always submitted too without @ murmal
Me, indeed, she loved entirely, but thought of me
as no better than a boy and iotirn of purpose
Wherein Was completely wrong Yet she
‘goed her ain gait, se far as Po was concerned,
and would have neither doctrine nor reproof from
me

Kut Will she truste
Sulted as to many things

Now Will, being a friendly, active fellow) and
excellent with tools, worked with wreal acceptance
In the carpenter's shop He had a natural eye
fora boat, and was of great use to the men there

 

 

she

and afier a while con

whe worked well enough by rule of thumb, but
had bad no heads for drawing a plan or laying
vuta job

It was Will, therefore, who brought us the first
true word about the late prize, and it lightened
my heart greatly te know that the ship was ne
vessel like

quiet merchantman, but an armed |
ourown, The Corramantee, indeed, had at first
| only defended herself, but after coming. to close

Accordingly | pushed my way into my father's |

sleeping room he bed was narrow and plain
as a cabin bunk, the room wholly without orna
ment, save that, to my great surprise, | found the
picture of my mother which Umphray Spurway
had had painted. It hung on the wall at the foot
of my father's couch in such @ position that it
must have been the first object upon which his
eyes lighted when he awoke. This I could not
understand, and I called in Anna to my assist
ance

But the matter presented no difleulties to her

“He must love her in spite of all.” she said,
with 4 true woman's belief in the eternity of love

| trees of the ¢

quarters the larger and stronger ship had been
carned by the resoluttonef oar men led by the
fair haired Scot from ‘Tillicoultry

But Will brought other news as well Tt was
not offen that the men talked before him about
any of their communal or privateering subjects
But one day, while he was in the ship fitting up
some shelves, he heard a couple of them talking
together through @ thin partition, ‘They raised
their voices to make themselves beard, and the
subject of their converse reached Will Bowman
With equal ease through another bulkhead

From them we learned that the captured ship
Was one of three or four whieh bad been sent out
to raid the Central American towns and that her
conserts were expected to try for revenge upon
the isle of the Winds

“['m no feared o ony consorts,’ said Job Bone
the carpenter, a Seot from Galloway "There's
ho aman able ty pilota ship through the channels
to the anchorage o' the isle o' the Winds: except
Blackie wit the Silver Wings"

FPorso they called Saul Mark, whom at the same
Umethey hated and admired

Nay, Job, quoth Dick Obell, a '
man, “thou arta rare one for believin’) What's
to hinder them to land over there, and coom across
to take is Wheera Scotch flea bites in the back’
Ha! ba’ crack that bone, wilt tha?’ i

“That Dwall.” cred the Galloway man. “First
then, they winna land ower there because = the
surf wad ding their bit boaties to flinders, second
ly, they canna mairch across, because they could
na get through the woods, and, thirdly, they
Winna beable toget theircoursetotheisie We're
hidden in the secret places o° the sea, nan an

 

  
 

the Almichty himsel wad hae @ sair job to lay
his finger on ous!

Will Bowman had been lying listening
He had stopped his boring as soon as the men
began to talk Hut now he heard from above

 

a which stopped the discussion, aud
» Bone with dramatic appropriateness
" orled the lookout from) the er
orramantee with startling suddenness
Will Bowman heard the men bound up the deck
with quick impulsive leaps. He could hear the
he

another ve
Answered
Sal

 

  

clang of their tools as they dropped them on
planking He rose and followed them with great
quietness, shoulderime his straw sack of tools
as if he had finished his job

Ile found everything in eonfusion on board

Men were clambering up the shrouds and getting

1 to the highest points of the masts wiiteh could be

And from this she could not be driven, say what |

1 would to shake her

“He tried to kill her,” T reminded her

“For all you know,’ she retorted, “he may have
aimed at some one else, and shot his wife by acei
dent.”

“He was cruel to my mother, and left her for
another,” 1 said next

“Well, he may be sorry now,” she said
heart may have turned”

“His heart turned!” said |, mockingly; “after
what we heard and saw last night”

‘Jim Pembury tried to kill him,” said Anna
quickly

“Why Anna," T cried, “what makes you defend
him’) T cannot understand tt!

“There is no great reason why you should
she responded, acridly, “Get the telescope, and
come out”

At last [ found the perspective glass in @ cup
board, where were many old suits of clothes
and cutlasses, both naked and hung up in thoir
sheaths. 1 took it under my arm and came out
My father still stood on the beach all alone and
looked out to sea

Anna and I found a commodious place of refuge
on the cliff edge, and, after esamining the crevices
of the rock for green scorpions and red ants, we
laid us down and took turn and turn about at
watching the ships with great delight As the
tide began to rin inward the prize swung to her
anchor,and | hoped at least to make out ber name
and destination. Bat in this 1 was disappointes
for the lettering had been carefully effaced: an
I} was not sailor enough to guess from her rigging
and equipment anything even of her nationality
The men of the Corramantee were now takine out
of her such large articles as spare spars, coils of
rope, and bales of saileloth The former they
pitched overboard, to be drawn ashore, the Jatt
they lowered into boats, all working with a wall
and as merrily as innocent harvest folk singing
among the corn steoks in the braes of Morehan

All that day Anna and | watehed the work on
shipboard, and marvelled atthe celerity with w
everything was cleared r A |itt before
dusk I took back the telescope and gave it inte
the hands of Jacob, who was how running about
preparing bis master's dinner with immense
bustle and show of alacrity

It was about 10 c'clock that I saw the beginnings
of e wondrous sight) The ship, which had been
dismantled, was towed to the entrance of the chan
nel, and seton fire utside of the bay She seemed
w have been drenched with some inflammable
material, for the flames mounted with great ro
pidity, so that by the ume T eould run to Anna
and throw up Pebbles of the beach at her window
the flery sheets were already licking the crosstrees
aud the spidery tracery of her tackling stood out
againstthe lurid background of smoke and flame

1 have uever set foot on any vessel since without
thinking of the terrible peril of fire at sea. In ten
minutes the fire burned through the thick planking
of her sides The ribs still showed black and solid,
like those of some skeleton in hell flre vet uncc:

“His

 

  

 

sumed, She took ground on 46 reef, and canted
over soon alter, A store of powder concealed
somewhere in her hold blew up with @ tre

mendous explosion, heaving the masts high into
the air :

T looked at Anna as she stood in her window,
and saw her face crimsoned with the flery glow

“What think you now’ T said. “Does a pict
ure over a bed rake up for these! things” She
had her answer ready

“Your Bible says, if | read it right, ‘Honor thy

erand thy mother
foyer was all she said She did not even reach
down her hand to bid me good-night, but shut the
window and went back to bed
CHAPTER XXXV,
DOG BAT DOG

Nevertheless, 1 did not forget Yellow Jack's
advice, that if we wished to leave the island we
must well provision the jolly boat and prepare for
acruise of somelength On the beach that night
1 managed to find a firkin of butter, which, all un
seen, | rolled to asnug place er the village.
The half-caste also was on the lwokout, and be
tween us we secured some smoked lans, sufi
cient to serve for several weeks, so thatthe question
of food did not any more trouble us. All we want
ed waa sufficient water casks to escape the greatest
danger of all voyages in open boats death by
thirst

It was three nights before we could find, and
quite a week ere we could appropriate without sus
picion, a small but beautifully coopered barrel
which had contained some rare liquor, T do not
know whether or not it had been emptied before
coming into the hands of our buccaneers, but I do
know that all the time we kept water in it the taste
which it communicated to the vapid, lukewarm
brew wasexceedingly heartsoime and pleasant

Anna and I had spoken \ my mother about our
projects of escape, and J had soon to realize that
one of our chief difficulties would be with her. I
think that anxiety and mental terror had brought

 

reached, in order to obtain a view

iow many may there be o' them” eried Dick
Okell to Job Hone, whe had obtained a higher post
of observation

Theres three © them big beats and pilin
up fast wi the trade wind’ ered Job

“Paith’’ returned Okell, “vo might ‘a been

! wrong, owd bird, but Twur noan in sich a hang

errs perenne prereset ep apemn eimeeeeenesemnmemesemnesii

mento oa hurry to have it proved

MARCH 4, 1900.

'

 

Lancashire |

Signals were being freely exchanmed with the |

shore, and inca few minutes Capt Stanstleld and
Saul Mark came on board with the full crew of the
Corramantee.  Saulbatonce noticed Will Bowman,
and ordered bim ashore But my father
Let the lad stay ull we brought the ship
as near as the entrance of the reef asissafe. Then
he can go ashore in the last boat

And as nobody questioned his will, se
arranged Wherenpon whe m helpful
Will at the geting up oof the anchor, at the
towing of the Corramantee by her beats Will
was one of themselves, while all the time he had
his ears open to the free and excited tall that went
on about them. He heard that theirchlef enemy
was a certain Capt Keys, whe bad been wounded
one oceasion in a duel at the Dey Tortugas
Stansfield, and had sworn revenge
Keys, as they phrased it, had “played
booty,” and in some way arranged matters with
the colomial governments thet he was under pre
fection of authortiy, though rank o pirate
as Stirred a keel through the Spanish main

His position gave him a great ascendancy over
the other buccaneers, and so when the Corrs
mantee captured one of the ships of his “tail”

   

itwas
than

re

or
by
Capt

Cant

 

 
 
 

he had sworn rever There was net the slight
est doubt that the three vessels in the offing were
those commanded by Capt hews, and that he had
come to avenge the taking of our late prize
Nothing was now heard save anathbemas upon
one who. basing been a brother of the coast, had
been gutliv of diseovertng a refuge isle to the
my and even of taking service undera x Pry

 

  

ot odf the vessels had been bis Majesty's
ships of the line. if would have been quite fair
Phat was thetr business, bul to be attacked by
Capt Kevs was quite a different matter

Will Cowman came ashore shout four in the
afternoon, By this time the Corramantee was
stripped for fighting and the guns were trained
mm the narrows of the passege which were within
easy range Capt Stansfield had resolved to

let the ships come on without opposition wll they
were well within the grasp of the reefs, knowing
that there was no turning about among these tn
tricate channels and dangerous
of sunken reef
tut the enemy, whe were bow clove in tothe
island, had evidently no intention of coming
further at present, but contented himself with
firings a shot from its flagship atthe Corramantee
which fell far short, skipping among the outer
reef bars like a tat stone sent edgewise from the

hand

Of this direct challenge Capt. Stansfleld took
ne notice, but ygrimly awaited any development
of the attack tipon his stronghold

When Will eame on shore he found Yellow
Jack and bis mother watting for him in: great
eveclitement The time had come,” Eborra de
clared Never would there be better chance
All the buccaneers were busy, and the attack

the alert

upon the island would keep whem on
in thatso large

for several days Vorit was ¢

 

 

a foree would not ebandon its) purpose without
making an attempt in seme quarter

Anna and | were ie re, ready for anv
thing, Butmy mother was more diffeul: Will

Bowman went to break the news tober and before
he went he asked me if TP thought he might say
that l mpliray Spurway would assuredly be
fitting out a ship te seek for us in the plantations
and that we would be sure to meet him there

sald, |

knife edges |

ee ee en eee Ee Ete ne ee en a lel

But a plan came into my head which I men-
tioned Pw and Anna, who thought that it
might be worked. This waa to keep Anna out
in the woods where she was, my mother to dress
in Anna's hooded mantle, in which she had often
descended from the window at night to wander
the beach with me. The sentinels were quite
accustomed to this. Indeed, it) had become
4 jest among them, and they had enough of good
humor to keep the matter carefully from our re
spective fathers, who though hardly straight
laced in their own conduct, might not Love shown
the same lenieucy toward the escapades of their
children

My mother was of about the same height as
Anna, and if she could be kept from speech might
very well for her. So with this plan to re
hearse, Wir went back into the pleasant and
quiet room where my mother sat calmly at her
knitting. At first she would not listen to a word

What! would she puton a child's cap and cloak”
She might be in donnee, but, thank God! she
had garments of her own, whieh she could wear
Without being bebolden to an Besides, what
would she wear afterward? Lf they should meet
any one who knew her in the plantations {it was
not Anna Mark's cap and cloak that she would
care to appear in. The shame would cause her
to sink into the ground,

But Will reassured ber by offereng to smuggle
anything she wished out for her She went
joyfully to make the bundle ready. It proved
to be almost a boatload of itself, and she was
with difficulty advised to restrict herself to a cloak
with a hood, a warm under kirtle, and a light
muslin gown, which she selected from the vast
store of women's clothes which Capt. Stanstield
had put at her disposal Anna's only baggage
Was a store of white kerchiefs

It was curious how litthe thought my mother
wave herself about some matters But then
she had always expected to be provided for, and
took all gifts as her due, baving been an only
child and (save in the matter of marriage) allowed
her own way all her life. As for Anna Mark,
she would not have touched a bonnet string in
all the pirate's hoard with @ pair of tongs

But my mother, on the other side, was proud
and satisfied, and indeed had spent a ereat deal
of her time since we came to the Isle of the Winds
remaking and embellishing the wardrobe which
she found ready for her use. 1 do not suppose
itever crossed her mind to ask who had worn
them before

To be Continued

 

 

SINKERS HEARS OF LEGISLATION
And Sarsaparilia Reilly Suggests a New

Law of Which There Ia Real Need,
“Reillwheimer' teiilvheimer '" shouted the
Sinker Man when Sarsaparilla Reilly went into
the little restaurant Reillystein! Reilly heimer

Look here, Sinkers, Lil break your Dooteh
face for you, if you insult th’ name av” Reilly,”
said Sarsaparila

“Casey told me to make for you such a German
replied the Sinker Man Ve make fun
on him's name, too Vihar’

“Edon't care what ye do to bim, but ye mustn't
play tag wid Reilly,” said Sarsaparilla, “That's
th’ name me father bore an’ me father's father
an’ me great grandfather afore him. The Reillys
were the original descindents av the King ay
Spain who descinded from the hing of Connaught,
the great and glorious warrior, ¢ dh Finn!

“Vait, you make me dizzy

“Well, [know whati'm talkin’ about
Reilly; “in thim ancient days th’ name was Raghal
laigh ‘That sie’ as rushin
wid force, or being hasty Neree

Like a boxfighter

“Yes, like a prizetighter

Mebbe ve vou't had no more boafights,” said
the Sinker Man It stands in hewspaper
dot der Senatorial up by Saratoga vill outen der
boxfight law from the law Dev got yet
much and plenty new laws up dere Yesterday
night my vife said ve voult had a new law for
hat pins for vomens tree inches liga

“Women three inches high"

“No, batpins'” said Sinkers I vould say dot
is der most condemning unprotection dot der
peoples of our State ever ex postuate

"Yell be breaking yer dining room furniture
wid thim words if yedon'tstop,” said Reilly

joke

means tinpetueus
furious an

der

My vbat”
"Your ivories' Then ye'll have a dentist's
bill to pay

\ dentist's bill’” said Sinkers I didn’t

read about dot T read der new law dot dru
stores can't vork more as seventy hours a vee
for der purpose of making a sburter succeeding
veek on der aggregation of der consecutive vork
ing hours in a day for such days as are actually
engaged in der performance of der service,”
If its as bad as that,” said Reilly,

 

“they'll

 

be given dog licenses to factory inspectors.’
nd mebbe vorser,” added Sinkers.
“Well” said Reilly. “there's a bill now afore

the Assimbly to amind  siction siven hundred
av th’ Penal Code which relates to imprisonment
in reformatories. T have it in me inside pocket
wid a lot av others. Here is what it) says
Persons betwixt the ages avy 16) an’ 30,
a male, who has never been convicted av anny
crime, may, in the discreetion av th’ eoort be
sintenced to Imprisonment in the State reforma
tory, there to be confined at the discretion av th’
Coort

Tin pooty near fifty remarked
Man, “so dey can't arrest me on my age
isitvhen a man is not between 16”

“He's liable to yet th’ chair,” said Reilly

Den | hope it don t pass der Senatorial, re
marked the Sinker Man Dot vould be vorser
as der fishingss bill, vouldn’t it

 

the Sinker
Vhat

1 niver heerd av that, said Heilly "Tell
me about it

Vell,” continued Sinkers, “it says dot fish
shall not be fished for, caught or killed in der
vaters of Yamaica Hay nor shail der ocean be

obstructionated by fish lines vbich arein der hands
of men who are fishing fish.”

“That doesn't prevent a oman from catehing
eels wid his hands, remarked Retlls “Kels
ain't fish

tL understan’,” continued Sinkers, “dot) ve got

aorew law to stop stabbing und murders
Sundays

Yes,” replied Reilly, “and pinochle included."

Dot vould make Walleasweber shut him’s
saloon Sunday cause he vould violation — der
Jaw if he keep oven,” said Sinkers Some laws
vere only made for violation Look at dot under
ground electric light ‘The law says all telegram
poles in cities mit Mfty million habitants must
be put under ground, but [| see telegram posts
every night yet vhen Igo home der sidevalk

That's the act to amend public buildings,
rivers and trolley car fenders,” remarked Reilly
“It eomes in wid the laws that makes ita misde
misde well, its in the same chanter. anuyhow
] suppose ye have heerd about the act to
prevent the premature burial av human beings”

on

  

 

Vhen did det come out’ asked the Sinker
Man

IVs aboutte goto th ninth readin’ in th’ Sin
ate” ceplied Re Listen, an’ Vib read it to
yeas Phave writen itdown

Sietion W From an’ after the first day ay

Septimber, year our Lord, One ‘Phousand,
Nine Hundred, no human body ofa tuman living
being shall be buried alive in’ this State wideout
the opproval av th’ Beord av

uma body has been in @ state av’

! what funny
words they de be puttin’ in these bills

oa state

 

aviethoargy, oreoma, atthe time ev burial
Stetion ‘Pw Phe aforesaid: Boord shall have
power te, wall shall and mebbe they will and
mist make said investigation siven days atter
bert
Siton ‘Three Anny person or persons) so
interred to Sielition av this set shall be proven
te Lave been preematurely: buried aud shell be
actulty as nis misdemeanor
Sielion Poor ADDY Person or persons, ass
j ciatou oor corperation engaged ino the business
AN providing @ cen ery for the Dural av steb
homo livin’ beng oor bens wideut first obtain
ing the consent av the said Boord, shall be liable
toa filme ov twe tousend dollars, said sum to be
sued for by nd win recovered, paid to, the
seid deectinr 1
Sichon boive This act shall not apply where
the body anv sich living person shallhave been
embalmed previous to burtol’ There, Sinkers
ve bave it all

As the matter was urgent, and «lie ina good
cause bas, after all, something to saw for itself
I thought that he might Hesides, it was not |

  
 

exactly alie, for il snodoubtthat: Umphray
Spurway, if he had escaped, would most certains
do what he could to find us

So Will Bowman departed, and alteran
of more than an hear returned with
intelligence that my mother would «
gladly, if she was not required to sit
witch woman, who reminded her so of Goody
Grisby, the witch womanef Great Marlow This
Will had promised readily enough, for we thought
that we could stow away the Heit weight of the
old negro woman in the bows without
the trim too much

But as a tore imminent peril Will reported
that the guards were still set over my mother's
house, being two liberty men who had not gone
aboard with the crew of the Corramanter. having
been slightly wounded in the last encounter
This was a diffleulty indeed, for my mother,
being delicate of body and timid of spirit, could
not make a dart for it, as any of the rest of us
might havedone — Hesides, she was liable at any
moment tostop short for the purpose of explaining
te us why she could not go any faster, and: in
her Pnglish fashion to hak our pardon for it
which, though pretty enough to hear, would
prove exceedingly fatal to our project

absence
the joyful
me with us
beside the

 
  

 

altering

I vant net anyting to do mit dot law,” said

 

he Sinker Man “DT vant some niece life law viat
vill make us feel fr Vhy not make a law te
make der savings banks give out money te Poor
people Or viy net ve get a act to prevention
der taudlord from collecting der rent’ Via

Well iid Reilly, “I'm in favor av an act
to prevent credifers trom collecting: anny me ney

atis owed

Det vould) be fine, vdded Sinker Den
| vould tell der gas mans to slide her stairs down
on bis head."

ut suppose you were the gas mon an’ ken
‘round to collect from: ome.” remarked Heilly Td

beitand you'd be them Y>
Dot vould be a bad law

you make up vet one nicer

“Yes,” ceplied Heilly Whev's the matter wid
An Aet to Protect: Navigation on the Bowery?
That's what we nade t ud read somethin’
like this It siall be the duty av each and ivery
Superintendentav Police, Police Captain, Sergeant,
Roundsman, Patrolman, Shenfl, Deputy Sheriff
or anny other person baving charge ay the en
forcement av th’ law, te promptly advise anny
an’ all sailors or persons who, after having 1
schooner anchors, do or may love their longiude
riatitude on the Mowery, orin anny way me t
wid rock romay oF ave been londed te the
deck wid anny liquid: refrishiment, it will be th’
duty of the afooresaid police to advise, gui
an’ steer said loaded vessels out av all threate
dauger, and av all matters thought to demat
attention, and to regularly report tu said frou!
carriers all) lampp: sts, telegraph poles, opel
doorways, slippery sidewalks and othere tung
along the staggering line Said pelicemmn sie
cooperate, as far possible, practicable
appropriate, wil th’ aforesaid jags, with a view
to rendering ANY service that may be demand: d
Anny officer of Police who interferes in
way with anny &V the aforesaid craft, excepting
to render assistance, or who tres schemes or

u'd be the eredi tors
said Sinkers, “Can't

    
 

  

  

 

nd
and

  
 

 

attempts te steer such craft toward the danger
buoy avo Police Station green light sliall be liable
toa fine ay Wan month's pay, op on second offene*
be dismissed from the foorce!

How lovely!” exclaimed Sinker I vould

push my elbow in polices’ ribs every night two
times, VhY not ve get yet sy me freighton now"
“I'm your longshoreman,” said Reilly “We'll
et Red Jerry th’ bartinder to sign th bill av
aden,” At midnight an Irish steamer and a
German bark floated up the Bowery

‘continued |

Health unless said |

 
 

TALES OF YANKEE ENCHANTMENT

 

JACK HOLIDAY, A GOOD BOY WHO
WOULD TELL TALL STORIES,

The Central Park Magician Undertook to
Help Sam Ormiston in His Attempts
to Cure Holiday, and Some Very
Queer Things Happened in
Consequence of Their
Combined Efforts,

 

Copyright, 1900, by Charles Batteli Loomis,

Jack Holiday was a great exaggerator, He

could never hear any remarkable statement with
) out telling of an experience of bis own or of his
father or brother that wax even more remarkable.

If Harrison Morgan said that his father had
been on a train that went sixty miles an hour
for nearly two bours: “Pooh, thats nothin’,”
Jack would say, "My father owned a train once
that would go seventy miles an bour all day loug.”

“Ob, get out,” some one would say, “That
would wear an engine out and the engineer would
wet Ured tu death,”

“Why, you silly, of course my father had the
strongest engine in the world, and the tender

; was all filled with engineers, When one got
tired another would take his place.”

Or maybe Sam Ormiston would tell of his brother,
who went up in the Maine woods and caught ten
troutin a half-hour. “Poob, that ain'tany fishin’,”

Jack would say. “My uncle Tim used to catch
trout so fast that he had to hire two boys to take
‘em off the line, and all he did was to throw the
{ hook into the water. No bait, nor nothin’.”
Well, as some of you know, it is very irritating
to have anything to do with @ person who is al-
ways telling stories thatare not true. You would
| bave grown ured of my stories Jong ago if*you

had not been sure that every word was 48 true

as any fairy stury that was ever told, but these
| friends of Jack knew that he was just making up.
| and when they had told stories that they expected
would astonish the rest of their companions and
that miserable Jack had something more wonder
ful to spring right on top of them, {it vexed them
| exceedingly, aud they determined to stop it

All these boys lived in New York, up near Cen
tral Park or Prospect or sume park, maybe it was
Carroll Park. I live in the country, go I can't
be sure of city localides but it was near some park
where they have animals and an obelisk

(me day the boys were looking at these animals
There were lions and crows and gers and sheep
and bippopotamuses and sparrows and rbinos
ceroses and mice and elephants and canaries
end all sorts of beasts that strike terror when they
are loose, Ifyou don’t believe they strike terror
Just put a lion into a schoolroom and see the boys
run, or put a cat into a mouse trap and hear the
mouse squeal, or put a mouse into a sewing circle
and hear the women scream, or @ sparrow into a
eauary’'s cage and hear the canary beg to be let out

Now, one of the keepers in this menagerie is an
Asiatic of some kind and he is generally supposed
to be a magician. Some people say that his
wreat-great great-great. great-great grandfather
was Aladdin. | don'tbeleve it myself, but at
any rat+ the boys had heard that he possessed
magic powers, aud they thoughtit would) be an
excellent plan to get him to cure Jack of his ex-
aggerating.

They stopped in front of the lion's cage and
Sam said “My fathersawa biggerlion than this
in London

‘Hoh,” said Jack, “my father saw a kitten
given ty him by a man out West and the first
thing he knew it grew up to be a lion and it was

 

the biggest ever known, This lion would look
like @ baby beside it.”
“Oh, come off,” said all the boys together

“Where is the lion? We've known you ever since
you were a kid and we never saw it,’

"Oh, UT don't mean lately: | mean when papa
Wasa little boy. He sold the lion long ago.”

Just then some boys swept by the lion house
on roller skates, and Sam, who was looking out

said “Phewee! See those kids go. 1 wish I
could skate as fast as that

“That's nothin’,” said Jack. “I can skate
twice as fastas that uphill, tow.’

“Why, dack Holiday’ said ‘Tracy Ledyard

"You know your aukles are weak and you can't
skate hardly any
Then it was that Sam made up bis mind to see
the Asiaticand ask him if be could help bim out
| He found him in the elephant house with a
} turban on bis head and @ shawl thrown over his
shoulders,for the day seemed cold to bim although
it was June, Sam ran back and got the other
boys, and while Tracy kept Jack out of hearing
Sam said) “Are you 4 magician”

“Yes.” said the Asiatic, nodding his head up
and down, “Me make magic. Get gold fish
in hair, pull butterflies out of butter, pull rabbit
} outof vest vocket, Yes, me magic man.”

“Good enough,” said Sam, “You see we have

4 friend here who is a terrible well, he doesn't

know When be s telling a whopper and We thought

that if you could give him a dose of magic that
may be you could stup him.”

You should have seen the gleeful smile that
appeared on the sober face of that Asiatic,
nodded his head so fast that Sam was afraid he'd
break his week and he said) “Oh, yes, me cure
| bim. Memake him do what besay hedo.”
| *That's it,” said Sam, Then he added a litte

doubttully I don't want him hurt, you see,
| but we fellers are dead sick of hearing him say
|
|

he can do this and that better than any one else,
orthat his father is richer than the President
He can't skate a little bit, and he says he can
skat’ faster than any of us, and he hasn't any
brother at all, but he says that bis brotber can
play the cornet better than anybody in the big
military bands,”

“Me know that kind In India, too Call
em liars
Do you" said Sam rapturously “So do we,
only T thought you might notlike the word. Well,
j when will you begin”
j “Any time Bring bor” Then the fellow

turned and affectionately patted the trunk of the
| Wirelephantbehindhim, andthat great beast
| lifted him high in air. just for pure misehtef

When be sat him down the magician said to
Jack, who had been brought over to him = “How
do.” Jack hands with him, and while
he was doing so the magician said something that
sounded to Sam like “Ramsbanpinghboombin-
darbrahmapootrah.” ‘Then he said: “All right
Cure all right. Good-by,” and pointed to the
and the boys all rushed out as boys do,
screaming and yelling for no reason in the world
except that they were in high spirits

The boys were exceedingly curtous to see how
he charm would effect the unconscious Jack, so
Sam walked over to a very high elm and said

[ wish I could climb that.”

"Pooh, said Jack, “Lean shin to the top.’

In a second, very much to his surprise and
diseonfiture, he was shinning up that tree and
never stopped to take breath until he had worn |
out his trousers at the knees and reached the

shook

door

top, both of which feats he accomplished at the
same time
Hut when he stopped he was a very seared

poy How to get down he did not know, nor
could the boys suggest any way

A crowd began to gather Mercy on us'
did be get up there”

It was a tree that would bave been bard for a
steeple Jack to climb, and how sueh an ordinary
Jack as Jack had accomplished it no one pot
in the secret eguld tell) Hut there he was
there he'd stay unless some one went

How

and
for iim

‘Cut the tree down,” said one magn, for there
are always people around who think no more of
trees than they do of old shoes, but fortunately
there were some there who knew how many year
the tree had taken to climb as high as Jack had
in a minute, and they said it would be better far
to cut Jack down than to harm the tree

Hut by great good luck there was a boy in the
crowd who had a box kite and he immediately
flew it and the twine passed near enough for Jack
to eateh hold of it

“Now,” said Sam, “I bet I could slide down that
twine in two shakes of a lamb’s tail.”

“But I can do it in one shake,” said Jack, and

 
  
  

he did, landing all right on the asphalt pate
nent.

The crowd cheered and dispersed and that
was the end of lesson number one

"You never had such an experience as that
before, did you, Jack’” asked Sam

“Low of times,” answered Jack
I was a tree climber”

“Lle isn't cured yet

“Give him tine,”
down to the lake”

So they all ran pell mell down to the lake, and
there were the swan beats. “Those look bard
lo manage It's harder to run one of those than
itis to run a bike,” said Sam

“Taint either.” said Jack, puffing out hie
lips My father used to have those upon our
lake in the country, and Lean make ‘em go faster
than those men can”

The words were hardly out of his mouth before
the swan boats glided up to the wharf, the boat-
man jumped out and lifted Jack into the seat
and he began to propel it around the lake. It
will be understood that these are really water
velocipedes and are worked by means of pedals
that turn big paddles, so that any one who ride@
a bievcle will know how to run one, although
he may tack the requisite strength. But, for
once, thanks to the magician, Jack's muscles
were strong enough Round and round the
lake he went at & speed that had never been wit-
nessed before and that made him so dizzy that
he would have been glad ty siop, but he couldn't,

“I told you

whispered ‘Tracy to Sam
answered Sam. “Let's go

| The boys stood on the shore and cheered an@

jerred by turns. Then they fell to laughing a@
poor Jack raced around, bis hair streaming ia
the wind, his hat in the bottom of the boatand
his feet bobbing like corn in a popper.

At last he began to show signs of exhaust!
and then quick-witted Sam called out: “Aahh,
you can't stop. Bet [ could stop in two minutes.*

“Bet Lean stop right off,” said Jack, and dia
su with a suddenness that threw him out of the
boat upon alitile island inthe centre of the lake.

The boatmen had been watching him with
the greatest astonishment, and one of them rowed
to the island in an ordinary boat and brought
him to the mainland really exhausted,

“You're a wonder, boy,” said the boatmam
“LT never saw anyone go as fast as that-——"

“That's nothing," said Jack, true to his instincty
“You ought to see me wrestle.”

This remark made Sam afterward wondep
; Whether he had not suspected that he had beem

enchanted and wanted w pay the boys back for

playing such a@ trick on him.

At any rate as soon as he said it the weariness
went from him, and he began to wrestle with
‘Tracy and had thrown him inside of thirty
He tackled Sam next and each boy in turn un
there were ten boys lying winded on the ¢!

Hut he now found that he couldn't stop wreell °

A man and his wife came walking by an
tackled the man and threw him ina ity.

he seton a park policeman and threw him,
when another policeman came along to hig come
panion’s aid he threw him

But suddenly in the midst of bis active exercise
he dropped like a stone, white and breat
Sam went to him and asked him what was
inatter “Oh, | don't know. | didn't want
climb nor run the swan beat, nor wrestle, but
just had to, and my heart feels as if it was going
to stop.’

“Well, Jack, if you'll promise not to tell such
horrible whoppers in future I think I can get yor
outof this tix

“T bet I'll tell less whoppers than any boy in ¢
crowd for the next year,” said Jack in a wea
voles

And the very nextinstant the magician stepped
out of a tree trunk and said “Ramsbanpingh-
boombbindarbrahmapootrah’ back ward, and dash
wot up as fresh as a daisy

But now the boys complain that he is very un-
interesting, because no matter how much they
exaggerate he only says; “My, | wish I could do
as well as that,” but he never offers to tell the
how much better he and his family could do ¥
, S7C5

SING SINGS PRINTING... , 04M

 

 

 

 

——

af ee
Its History and Latest Produet, ‘tub “Star
of Hope,” a Prison Paper,

 

Thirty-seven convicts are employed in the
| printing trade at Sing Sing and it is the most in-
teresting work in the State prisons, A few years
ago, before Ferdinand Ward was liberated from
Sing Sing, the Commissioners of Prisons estab-
lished a printing office there on a small scale,
where most of tha small work required by the
institudon was turned out, The little press
was operated day alter day by the Napoleon of
Finance. Some of the samples of his work are
sull to be found, laid away in the stock room of
the prindog and stationery department. The
litte press is uo longer in use It stands in a
commer of the printing office and in its place are
a Walter Scotieylinder, two Universals and a
big Gordon press, operated by electricity, Be-
sides these machines ere a paper culter, @ per-
forator and stapling machines and plenty of type.

This plant was put in by ex Warden Sage
and the Prison Commissionefs upon the recom-
mendation of Ferdinand Ward, and it has proved
# valuable invesunent. Printing is also done
on a small sealein the Clinton Prison at Danne-
mora and also at Auburn and at the Albany

Penitentiary. At Sing Sing, however, the plant
exceeds in capacity that of all the other State
institutions. ‘he work includes, besides the

regular line of blank forms in use ip the varlous
departments of the penal institutions, the printing
| of the annual reports of the Prison Commissione
the reports of the Superintendent of Prisons an
also the report of the Craig Colony for bk pilcptica,
In addition to the general work of the printing
shops a semi monthly paper is published. It ts
the Star of Hope, @ sixteen-page paper, three
wide columns to the page. t was started on
April 22, 1590, at the suggestion of H. Appleton,
| a Poughkeepsie printer who is serving a five
year sentence for embezzlement, and H. K. White
of Brooklyn, a former newspaper writer, who ia
| serving a ten year term for forgery. It is filled
with contribudons by the convicts. Fourteen
men are actively engaged in issuing the paper,
The publication is under the management of
Appleton and the others direcdy connected with
it are HK. White, ten years, of Brookly
editorin-chief; Roland Smith, ten years, of
Brooklyn, assistant editor; William Pattri, four
years, of New York, and Charles Gillian, three
years, of New York, proofreaders. W. McMahon,
4 one year man from New York, is the pressman,
The paper contains many illustrations. These
have been made by Willlam Kuerner, who is
serving 4 life sentence for the murder of his eweet-
heart, Rosa Redgate, on Sixth avenue, in 1805,
Koerner has been transferred to Auburn, but
but be still contributes to the paper At prea-
ent the ilfustrations, or a great partofthem, are
the work of Duncan Young, who is serving @
life sentence for the murder of George Everhard
ona fire escape in Sixthstreetayear ago Young
before his commitment was an engraver on
jewelry, but of law has been studying the art of
wood engraving for printing purposes, with good
success. In the Jast issue, which was a holfday
uumber, the first pry was devoted to pictures
of Washington and Lincoln, under the caption
of “Our Country's Heroes.” This cut was made
from by Young an old piece of copper plate, wit
tools of his own make in the prison and was wel
execuled despite the crude methods. The com-
positors make up the balance of the fourteen
employed on the paper. These are all ten-year
men with the exception of Frank Kelly, whe
killed his father inlaw, Heed, between New
Canaan and Lewisboro, N. Y., two years aga,
He is serving a seventeen vear sentence
The regular edition of the Star of Hope ts 4,50@
copies, Here is one of the poems in the last num
ber, written by a convictat Auburn:

THE MEN BEHIND THE RARs,
Written for the Star of Hope,

You may warble at your pleasure
Of the men behind the guns
And we would notatint the measure
To Columbia's gallant sons
But while you rear grand arches
And bedeck trinwnphal cars
We'll aing the lock-step marches
Of the men behind the bars,

“Stone walla do nota priaco maka,
Nor iron bara a cage,’
But they come all-fred near tt
In thie comprehensive awe
If_you'd learn the truth about it,
Lie awake and read the stars
Then, if still inclined to doubt it,
Ask the men behind the bars

For here are diamonds in the rough,
With hearta as fine ae zold,
By the world hammered hard and tough
And inte bondace «old
Rome who bore the fasting sabre
With our noble sous f Mara,
Are now condemned to labo
With the men behind thet

  
 

We're aatriped band of brothers
In this moral atinoaphere,
But remember “there are others”
Who may yet find jnartera here
some, high stations are filling
Smoking Henry Clay cigars,
When they ought to be here drilling
With the men behind tbe bars
AUBURN, 25,680,

Chasing a Brushless Fox.
From the Baltimore Sun,

A meet ofthe Overland Hunt Club, scheduled
for Saturday at the Valley Hotel on the
Dulany’s Valley pike. had, on aecount of bad
footing, -~ four riders, including Dr. R, Perey
Smith and John Guthrie. The hounds started
a fox, but it had no tail and an argument arose
as to how the rider wasto be rewarded who
was first inatthedeath. Atallleas foxia popu-
larivy supposed to be slow of foot, but thle one
ontran t ee eee eos away be a chase
of some miles, leaving the argumen tbeut
brush unsettled, .