}

a re pene ng Oe ERE

LS EL EEO Noe

a

 

* Daher stntlblipaibiieserevenes ene

evan sas 4 ~

  

 

              
  
   
   
   
  

 

  

LONDON’S BIG FUR SALES.

THIS IS THK SEASON WHEN ALL
TUR WORLD GOKS THERE TO BUY,

 

Lively idding at the Anction of Seal Skins
Last December — Enormous Prices for
Sitver Fox and Son Otter Peeuliar Qual-
ities Required for Success in Buying.

This is the season when fur buyers the world

over turn thelr faces toward their Meeca and set
out for the Merch fur sales in London town The
pea! skins were disposed of in December, he beavers
were scattered in January, there have been minor
@ales all through the winter; but the great fur sale
comes in March. There are fur sales to other
countries, but London is the chief fur market of
the world, There the tremendous collection of
the Hudson Bay Company is sold, and to certain
great commission firms in London traders all
over the world send their annual collections of
ekins. The conmission merchant has the safe
and sure end of the business, He receives, as
sorts, catalogues and sells at auction the goods
consigned to him; and, whether prices soar or fall,
be gets bis liberal commission just the same; but
the man who buys fur at the big sales must have
unerring Judgment that works ke chain lightning
if he wants to come out of the transaction with
profit For days before the beginning of the sale
Ben crowd th) warehouses, examining the as
sorted lots of furs, estimating values, formulating
plans of action, The representatives of small
dealers have rather an advantage in this pre-
liminary skirmish; for they are not regarded as
dangerous, and both commission men and fellow-
buyers treat them with comparative frankuess
end genially swap opinions withthem, But the
buyer who is Nkely to snatch everything worth
having in certain lines ts an object of scrutiny
and suspicion. Naturally, each separate skin
cannot be overhauled for inspection, but enough
jots are displayed to serve as fair samples. The
ize of the lots varies, according to the value and
Dulk of the skins. Hudson Bay sables, for ex-
ample, being small and not of extravagant value,
ate sold in lots comprisingfa rather latge number
of pelts. Bear skins, being bulky to handle, come
in small lots; and sea otter, silver fox, Russian
gable and other skins of great value are often
sold singly. Where the lots comprise many skins
each one cannot be examined, but the general
quality can be determined from examination of
samples; for the absolute fairness and equity of
these great fur sales are among their remarkable
features. The pelts are assorted, according to
gize and class, with absolute impartiality, and
all buyers take equal chances upon quality and
incidental defects.

The seal skins are stored in casks, and it isa
wise furrier who is unerring in his judgment of
raw, or green, seal. The seal catch is made at
the season when the animals go ashore to breed;
and legitimate sealing consists in separating the
males from the herd, driving them inland and
clubbing them to death, a royalty being paid upon
each seal killed. ‘The seals must be skinned im-
mediately; otherwise, the condition of the skin
is impaired, and much defective furks attributable
to carelessness in this detail If the seals are
driven too fast to the shambles the quality of the
skin is injured; so the poor beasts must approach
their death, not exactly as one who wraps the
drapery of his couch about him, &, butin 4 lie-
surely andlumbering Gop. As soon as the skin
is removed it is placed in # cask, with the flesh
side up, and liberally salted. The next skin fs
laid upon the first, the flesh sidedown The cask
fs tightly packed in this way, with thick layers of
salt between the flesh sides of each pair of skins,
and this pickligg keeps the skins in good condi
tion. Sometimes, however, when unpacked, the
green seal skiAs show small pink spots, which in-
dicate that decomposition bad begun its work

before the pickling was accomplished, and these
nk danger signals later develop into bare spots
fh the cured fur, ‘The raw seal has long bairs
through the soft short fur, and for many years
these hairs injured the beauty and value of the
ur. ‘They would not die like the rest of the skin,
ut gliswened, aud were the despair of the furnier
A New York dealer conceived the idea of stretching
the skin tightly over some hard substance, blow-
ing the fur unul the solthairs separated and lay
flat, and then clipping the long hairs with scissors
The process was tedious, but he tained girls. tu
doit; and, for a Ume, had & monopoly of the idea
-~the other dealers sending their seal skins to bim
to be treated. Then 4 machine was invented, by
which # strong current of air was forced over the
fur, and automatic clippers did the chpping, and
that method ts sull iu use
The sealskin sale last December was one of
the liveliest fur sales London has had, and the
auction room rivalled in excitement the Chicago
wheat pit in pantie times. l’rices ruse 50 per cent.
and even old and experienced buyers lost their
heads and floundered helplessly. America was
largely responsible for the tremenduous jump
{n prices. Illewal sealing, which at one te
almost brought England and America to blows,
consists in the capture of female seals that take
to the water with their pound after breeding
me, and are, by law, exempt from molestauon
he “Northwestern sealskins” belong to this
class. ‘The United States Government, having
raised «# mighty row over this sealing matter,
was obliged, in order to be consistent, to bar all
Northwestern sealskins from entrance into this
country, under any conditions. Every inch of
gealskin entering our ports must be accompanied
by certificates that it is genulne Alaska seal
sealshin even a sealskin coat

Southern j
fought in Europe must be certified to in the
game way, or it is liable to seizure. America

buys more fur than any other country in the
world save Russia and France. Americans
would have sealskin. Northwestern could not
come in; 8) practically all the demand must be
supplied by Alaska Last year’s total collection
of sealskins reached 77,000; but of this number
only 26,000 skins were Alaskan; not enough
to supply the entire American demand and leave
any o this high grade seal for Europe. Ameri
can buyers were bound to have what they needed
So up went the prices, soaring, searing, unul
the cost of Alaskan seal was almost doubled;
but, as usual, Uncle Sam got what he went after,
and almost the whole output of Alaska seal comes
to this country

The victory was the easier becatise seal has
never been a popular fur in either France or Ru
aia, although these two countries are the heaviest
and most extravagant buyers at the London sales
Russian and French taste inclines to the long
haired furs, and the finest sables and silver fox
skins are seized by the buyers from these two
countries, while very nearly all the rare and costly
gea otter goes to Russia Russian and French
bidding, in the last March sale, drove silver fox
up to record price of $1,700 for a single shin, and
even that price was eclipsed last January, 8 hen
silver fox brought 31,050. Russian sable, too,
made a new record, 4 lot of twenty skins selling
for $235 each, which means that at retail! some
of those tiny skins would be worth $500 or §600
aplece. Sea otter brought 81,900 a skin

The raw sealskins,after being sold, are handed
over to English firms for dyeing In curing
and dressing skins Americans have no supert
ors but, England hoids the pe for dyeing. Just
what is the reason for this furriers can hardly
Some say that the water is responsi
that the atmosphere affects the fur
and others that itis merely a case of skilled work
manship and long experience. Whatever the |
cause may be, the fact remains that almost all
sealskin ts dyed in England; and the ¢ alifornia
woman who wants 4 sealskin coat must buy |
kins that have travelled from Alaska to London,
Rave been sold and dyed there, Lave returned
to America, where the 20 per cent duty is imposed, |
and have been sold here by retail dealers. ALL |
dyed and cured furs are liable to duty, but the |
uncured skins come into this country free; so
our tariff laws add little to the eost of furs
in the case of sealshin

The skins of animals other than seal are pre
pared for shipping by dryiug upon boards, and

explain.
ble, others

 

are packed ughtly in bales The dightness of
thelr packing prevents denger from moths, and
ff the pel’s are to be held long in the warehouses |
they are sometimes place! in coll ster ri
isoned with a wash of corrosive sublimate
he Hudson Bay Companys collection iss ia
storage long before the March sale, and is duly
and leisurely assorted and catalogued — In fact
there area serene majesty and calm about the
Hudson Bay Company and an inexorable equity
fn its final dealings that are imposing, in pyra
midal fashion Tear after year (rappers and
bunters scour the Hudson Hay Territory, pain
fully, slowly collecting, skin by skin, the items
that go to swell ne tremendous yearly aggre
gate; but, promptly, unfailingly, the tmmense

@hipments arrive in London, are quietly handled
and are sold at the appointed time in the ay
nied way.
ba ere is never a hitch or a surprise The
wheels of the machine roll with absolute smoeth
hess, and the men who see only the mechanical
London end of the business can form little idea
of the individual effort, skill, pain, fatigue and
danger represented in the es oof merchandise
they handle However, all the business is not
done with Hudson Bay monotony and dignity
Until the very day of the sales consignments
of fur come piling in upon the commission iirms,
and there {is a mighty hustiing among assorters
and cataloguers at the last wapmeneniaty
catalogues, or “particulars,” as they are called,
blossom out like newspaper extras, and veritable
triumphs of high-pressure work are achieved.
Occastunall , & ship bearing fur consignments
worth hundreda of thonsands of dollars is de
yed, and the commission men are wild with
mpatience and alarm, The opening day of th
auction is just at hand. Nothing has been hear
the ship. Suddenly she ts sighted. The
men have a big force of workmen on the dock,
ial train isin waiting, ‘The skins are hus
3 off the ship, bandled at lightning speed
wo aboard the special train, which makes
fecord time to London. There all hands are
wailing, Not @ moment iv lost ‘Assorting

| good to pass up’

| for my
save | we

 

and cataloguing are done aa if by mipecte, and
at the eleventh hour another “particular” a bang
to the trade and the heads of the co 2
house draw long breaths of relief and triumph.
The bulk of the business done by these firma

enormous Silver and blue fox, sea otter ang

ussian sable arrive in. comparatively s
quantities, but the more plebelan furs are collected
in surprising quantides The idea of catching
230,000 skunks would be rather appalling to the
man who has been aceustoined to having one
skunk in his yard, but that number of skunk
asking was sold at last years sale. ‘Then 219,000
minks contributed Wier skins to the annual col
lection, 717,000 muskrats died the death for the
same purpose, 60,000 red foxes suspended thelr
chicken stealing in order to become ornamental,
and there Were 614,000 opossum skins

The auction is held fn the Commercial sales
rooms, hoiding, possibly, 400 buyers, Year after
sear the same men ocecupy the same seats, by
no Tight save that of universal recognitien and
tolerance, Sometimes @ father drops out and
his place is taken by his son of partner, but the
firm is there in the old plac, and every one knows
Where to look for it { he big buyers are closely
Watched by the smaller fry, for upon them to @
Kreat extent depends the pace of the sale The
sUctioneer starts off with some small apd uni
versally salable skin, as, for example, the Hudson
pay sable. The first lot goes slowly. No one
is in # hurry of wildly interested. The price
goes up, a shilling at @ move, until it reaches
twenty, then goes fy two-and six. <A buyer bids
thirty, and no one overbids, ‘The first lot is sold.
Now the fun begins, The buyer of the first lot,
at thirty, has a mht to take all the other lots
of the same coos at that same price unless some
one interferes and bids higher. There's nothing
slow about the procedure now. The auctioneer
starts tn upon the list of lots, rattling them off
4s fast os his tongue can work

 
 

"No. 2= Same No, 38—-same,” &e

If the original buyer represents a small business,
the other men know that he will want only a few
lots; so they quietly wait until he shakes his head.

Then they jump in, and the quickest one gets
the option at the same old thirty, But the busers
know that this man will gobble everything within
sicht at that! pnee so they can't afford to let him
have it They begin w bid. If the bidding ty
lively, he ts Bn up and up. He lets small
buyers in because he knows they will want litte,
and letting them have it may keep the price down
for him, but when the other b uyers in he
must fight, or be done out of his supply. Bids
rattle like hallstones, and yet after 4 sale an
experienced buyer's catalogue will show not
only what each lot sold for, but also to whom it
was sold, Often tho game waxes ao fast and
furious that the auctioneer himself has to stop
and appeal w the buyers for information as to the

en to whom certain lots were knocked down,
Tiere is no more exciting auction sale in the world,
and no shrewder, quicker set of buyers, There's
fs time for cogitation. The man who knows
\

ist how long to wait and when to Jump in Iike a
ash is the man who wins He must note each
man's buying, know the probable Itmit of each
firm's demand, gauge the probable outcome of
the sale from the fashfou in which the big buyers
are bidding, calculate his chances of getting in at
the bidder's price when that bidder's demand

ceases and make up his mind whether to walt
on that chance or advance the bid and so turn
the guns upon himself. He must be able to fleure
what the demand of his firm's trade will be at
certain prices and how deeply the firm will be
willing to speculate,

After the sales are over a general overage of
orice on each class of fur ts computed, and the
Buyers gettle down to figure out Just where they
stand. If thetr total of buying is below the aver-
age price they radiate self satisfaction and buy
English hats a size larger than the hats they usually
wear. If thelr totals exceed the average, they
retreat to hotel smoking-rooms, where they sadly
consume consolatory quantities of whiskey an
soda and compose propitiatory messages or ad-
dresses for the home firms.

  

 

ETHICS OF DRAW POKER,

A Veteran Sporting Man's Uncompli-
mentary View of the Game,
Prom the Washington J’est,

“Is {t possible for a man to learn to play poker?”
was asked of a veteran sport the other day

"Of course it is,” he snorted. “That is, it is
possible for some people. The man with sport-
ing blood in his veins and without too much re
gerd for ethics in his composition can learn to
play poker, This talk about everything being
in the cards you hold is all rot. 1 have seen a
man lay down three aces to a pair of deuces, and
that certainly demonstrates that there Is more
in playing poker than the value of the hand
Of course such a thing as that would not be pos-
sible where the limit was about the size of the
pot, but then a good poker player steers clear
of any such sketches as that. It places the sport
on the same level with the sucker, and there is
no chance for a man to display his skill or knowl-
edge of the game.

“It is easy enough to spot a sucker,” he con-
tinued. “Ile can come into the game with as
much of aswagger asthe can muster, but he will
show his weakness Inside of ten minutes, and
then be will have more trouble on his hands than
he can take care of ina year He is slow about
getting his ante to the centre of the table, and
{f the cards run against him he is always cursing
his luck and making things generally unpleas-
ant for the players. If he gets a good hand he
crows over his winnings until the others get sore,
You can always tell whether he has a good hand
or not, for he has never learned the value of self
control and bis exultation Is always evident,
He never has the slightest idea of the percentage
he stands of winning, and is always coming
in on short pairs That is where he loses. He
wait for fortune to come to him, and he

cant
is always trying t ‘bull his luck He will chip
away more money in two Lours than @ good player
would in two days,
“Watch the contrast
and the trained sport The latter comes and
sits down to the table quietly and without any
He ‘skins’ his cards carefully, and keeps

between the sucker

fuss
an eye on
one ever has to tell him to ante, and he never
holds 4 ‘post mortem’ to see what he might have

play around the board. No |
got. bie may not make a move for balf an hour,

every

but when he gets out on a play he will break
some one’s heart, eitheron @ bluff or with a hand
that the devil himself could not beat

“Is it right to cheat?) Well, you are getting
toopersonal, T won't admit that I would
such a thing, but if there is any crooked
going on I am going to have my share of the
proceeds or know the reason why. This talk
about ‘a gentiemen’s game’ {ts all a dzveam. H
a man plays poker and keeps at it he is going

do
work

to be a par ¥ to something crooked, whether he
plays at a fashfonable club or in a wine room
at the back of a saloon. For my own part I
prefer to play in @ Hard game, where something
is Hable to be pulled off, for I know that I have
to look out for myself. Humanity is reduced
to a moral level when it comes to gambling, and
while some of these silk stockings may prate
about thelr honor and all that itis only their
fear of being found cut that keeps them from
being aa crooked as any longshereman, provide
of course, that they need the money

“A man can't have too squeamish a regard for
ethics or conscience if he is going to play poker
If l see cheating going on L merely declare myself
in. Tf 1 seen dirty card thrown or catch a man
holding out] think my proper caurse would be to
hum wently tom) self and say, as if | were croonin
a lullaby, I wanta siice of that [think I will
have a slice of that, for the reason that itis too
Then the man who turned
the trick would be pretty apt to give me the wink,
L would get a divvy for preserving the peace

"Now, | admit that I could get up and make
agreatroar. Tcould slam my cards on the table
and protest that] was a Kentuckian and 4 gentle
muan, and that, begad, sah! | would tolerate
nothing of the sortin a game wherein I wasasitting
What would be the result? The gambler would
say | was inistaken, the sucker would get sore and
say be had been robbed, and | would get nothing
share, What would I do if the sucker
2a friend of my mine, whom I had taken up
to the game? Such @ case would never come up,
for the reason that lL never take a friend to a poker

;} game  lalwaysgoupaloneand come down alone,
| Poker is no place for friendship. Damon ‘and
| Pythias would never have been heard of if the
twochuns hadever satdown toa game of draw
“There are a od many ways of turning 4
crooked card he cold deck ts fairly auecessful,
but it has to be dona by an artist, and even then |
it is dangerous Marked cards don't go with
sports, for the decks are changed too often, when |
the stakes are high, The best methods are by
stacking the cards and holding out It takes a
} good man todo the former, and there are times
when he falls down and gives his opponents more
than he intends t Holding out is the easiest,
| for the reason that the others always have to
| look out for themselves and see what they hold.

A good many sorts of mechanical devices bave

—

 

been invented for holding out, and T have seen
some wweker plavers who were really walking
pieces of machinery, ‘The ‘bug,’ as it is called,
| isthe most frequently used, because itis so simple,
Iti, nothing butanalmostinvisible slit atthe edie
| of the table, where cards can be slipped in until
they are wanted. [tis @ dangeroug thing to
bump up agalnst, and it can be run by a good
mau until further orders without a show of de-
tection.”

 

 

 

A New Breach-of-Promise Decision,

From the Lowtavi'le CowrdenJournal,

NasSHVILLE, Tenn., Feb, 24,—In tho case of
William H, Brown vs, Sarah A. Odill, a deere
giving $2.40) for breach of promise wae
affirmed to-day by the Supreme Court, A
very unusual question was (nvolved {n this
case. Brown and his wife had beep divorced,
He and Miss Odill became eng: od. with the
understanding that they were fo marry only
after the death of his divorced wife, mar-
fed another, however, and the suit followed,
His defence wags that the timo had not oome
or him to fill hia contract, but the court dee
@round that be had

cided against him on th

THE DEAF, DUMB AND BLIND

ONE 80 APFLIOTED DESCRIBES HIS
IMPRESSIONS AND LIFE,

 

Has No More Idea How Those About Him
Look Thaa Have Those Who See Have
Ideas About the People of Mars—How
He Recognizes Persons and Things
-Contented With His Hard Lot,

One who is deaf, dumb and blind bas sent Tie
SUN the following description of the way in which
those similarly afflicted are made to know persons
and things, and how ip time they come to read
and write and acquire a knowledge of many things
that would seem impossible to persons deprived
of sight, hearing and speech, THE SUN'S cor-
respondent writes as follows

Probably one of the most difficult, as well as
the most important tasks, in the schools for the
instruction of the deaf and dumb, is to educate
# child that is totally blind as well, The method
of waching the blind and deaf, while simple in a
way, may still be regarded as somewhat scientific,
A child thus afflicwd, whether having been born
so or deprived of his senses in his youth, requires
the greatest atwntion, and must be taught by
persons thoroughly familiar with the deaf and
dumb, and their language and gestures, Dur
ing the past quarter of a century or more there
have been about half a dozen deaf and dumb
and blind children who have been educated at
the New York institution on Washington Heights,
Their names are James H, Caton, Mattie Moore-
house, Richard F, Clinton, Katie MeGirr, and
Orris Benson. |, the writer of this article, do
not Include myself in the list, since I graduated
the year | became blind, All but two of these
persons have graduated. The two that remain
are Katie McGirr and Orris Benson,

When a child that has been born deaf, dumb
and blind or has been made so by disease or acci
dent is taken to the institution he {ts assigned
to @ teacher who has already had expertence
in teaching the blind and deaf, and then the work
of bringing the unfortunate pupil into the light
is commenced. The method of instructing the
deaf, dumb and blind is about the same in all
the institutions where there is one or more child
who is so unfortunate as to be totally blind and
deaf, Some children become deaf, dumb and
blind when but two or three years old and some-
times when much older, Children that lose
thetr sight, hearing and speech at such an early
age usually forget everything they knew or had
learned previous to the time they were afflicted,
So when a child is admitted as a pupil to the insti-
tution he knows comparatively nothing, although
he or she may have 4 mind which is capable
of being cultivated. He is unable to express his
thoughts in any way, because he has no lan
guage with which to do it. He may be com
pared to a person who fs lame and can walk, but
has no crutches, Sometimes the child is slow
to learn, and it often requires considerable skill,
patience, and toil on the part of his of her teacher
to wach a single thing, Sometimes the child
learns rapidly and excites the wonder of his teacher
and thoye with whom he is familiar, as in the case
of Miss Helep Keller and Orris Bensan,

Persons visiting the institution look upon
an afflicted child who has been rescued from
out of the depths of ignorance with wonder and
admiration, and are sometimes loath to believe
that the institution was capable of educating
a child that had never seen the light of day or
heard or uttered a single sound, They forget
that some of the most stupid of animals also have
been taught to perform many kinds of tricks.
It may seem to the intelligent reader or he may
imagine that it is far easter to teach animals to
do tricks than it would be to educate a born deaf,
dumb and blind child because the animals can
see and follow the directions and performances
of their master, while the child, on the contrary,
can see or hear nothing, and is therefore ata great
disadvantage, Be this, however, as !t may, no
animal ts superior in intellect to man. In nine
cases out of ten the affliction brought upon chil
dren by disease, birth or accident does not im
pair their mings They may be in as good a
6tate as any individual possessed of all his facul
ties. This is the advantage they have over the
dumb animals, All that ls needed to be done
is for the teacher to reach down, grasp the mind
end polish it. The logs of the senses of hearing,
sight and speech does not, as any people un
familiar with persons deprived of those senses,
thinks interfere with the intellectual faculties.
If the child happens to be feebleeminded, {t is due
tw the sickness he has endured, as sickness is
Hable to cause one to forget everything he may
have learned.

Upon the admtaston of 4 bifad deaf mute to
the institution he ts assigned to a# teacher, who
is an expert in the sign language, and has had
sa perinnss with pupils so affileted. The first
thimw the teacher does ts to teach his blind pupil
the deaf and dumb alphabet. When the pupil
has thoroughly mastered this, he ts taught his
own name. Meanwhile he bas learned to express
his thoughts a little by way of the sign language
from his constant association with his fellow
yupils. TTis intelligence has now) commenced
0 dawn slowly and he is taught the names of

rsons and things. (in @ table in the centre of
he schoolroom are placed a number of objects
such as a hat, key, box, mat, jug, vase, saw, &e.
Teading the pupil to the table and placing in his
hand, for instance, the saw, the teacher spells
the name of the object in his hand and makes
the sign for saw by holding his hand straight
open and pressing the edge of it on the ehild’s
hand and drawing it up and down or back and
forward, as one would do in using a saw. [f the
pupil does not at first understand what the teacher
means the wacher, of course, explains the thing
over and over again. In this way the names
of the various objects and the use of each are
learned, it taking weeks and sometimes months
before the pupil has acquired the name and use
of every object Now, that he has become familiar
with the names of things and knows exactly
what each ts for, he is taught to do something
with the objects and to tell what he has done with
them in language accompanied by signs,

“Touch the key," says the teacher. The pupll
not understanding what has been told him to do,
his teacher performs the action himself, or having
his pupil's hand in his own, so as to let him see,
or [ would rather say, feel what is being done
The pup!l understanding the meaning of touch
this and wuch that, is now asked the question
“What did you do” The meaning of what has
been done to the object is explained clearly and
simply in signs by the teacher over and over again
until the pupil bas the idea of what he must do,
The teacher acts as a dictionary for all the words
he must explain. As the youth's intelligence
begins to dawn and he has learned a sufficient
number of words he is taught simple sentences,
and after a time learns bow to form language.
The forms of the A. BC's having been previously
learned, be can learn his tasks without aid by
means of ratsed letter lessons. The method of
education now ts the same as that taught in the
achools for the blind. The pupil learns histery,
Keography, arithmetic, composition aod other
things

It may be asked how an individual, or being
bereft of both slight and hearin, is able to reeognize
his friends and associates. All intelligent people
60 altiicted recognize their friends as well as other

wople do who have their eyes and ears open
Phe eyes and ears of the afflicted ones being in
their fingers they are often able to reeognize in
stantly this or that person. Persons possessed
of all their faculties recognize each other by thelr
looks, volees and gait

The blind deaf mute, on the contrary, knows
one em tu from the other by the character of the
han¢ Asx soon as @ blind mute becomes ac
qitainted with a person, he is sure to study the
character of that person's hand, memoriang
the marks, lumps and sears, if any. One han¢
may be larger, thinner, smoother or rougher
than another aud, se the blind mute finds very

 

 

 

 

litte diMfleulty in making out one per.on from
another, Ttis net often that he is deceived and
mistakes one person for another Men ditfer

in hand #s well asin look. When the blind mute
is in doubtas tothe name of the person with whom
he has come in contact he recognizes him by the
way he talks or by the movements of his hand,
with which he has also made himeelf acquainted
Sometimes the blind mute's friends will try to

deceive him by pre tending that they are other
persons Phey do this by removing their rine

if accustomed to wear any, and changing ‘heir
mode of sienianguage or speiling differently
on their finger Despite this the blind mute
rarely faily te recognize one whom be has really
known a8 aA friend whem he has not met fora con
siderable tir He recownizes his friends when

 

have

 

thes mn gloves simply
the person's way of making s

1 am often asked how it seems to be deprived
af the sense of heannie and sight. Well, os
reply to such @ question is sure to run in this way
It seems to me to be, especially when all alone
dark and still One may perhaps yet a better
idea of my condition bY Vlindfolding bimeelf and
keeping hus ears plugeed up for a week. Per
haps he will come to the vain eonelusion that his
life is not worth living and try to end at

Spelling in the hand is, | qust say
slow and tedious way terest \ good rapid speller
can read to me about three columns of my favor
{te paper, THE SUN, in an jour or thereabouts
lt ia very easy to understand the words es they
are qyle ly spelled on the finzers. [low greatly
the blind mutes would be benefited were Mr
Edison, the wizard, to invent 4 machine with an
artificial hand, and so made that when a beck or
or whatever the

by the motton or

 

 

paper, » ierson might want to
read, were adjus to the machine, the artificial
hand would read in the blind mute's hand directly

rom the book uch 40 invention would eelipse
lis phonograph, but as Mr Edison himself will
no doubt say, if he reads this article, it cannot be
contrived. So the blind mutea must be content
with thels raised letter books and learn as much
aa they can from them

placed uapeelt ta © pos! ion, whore it was im- ? Fa

ssible for him eed his coutrac Some ple WA ” know ff 1 can imagine
Wworced Wile should dis. ‘tract IE RIe | ow they look, OB! I wish T gould. T can im-
< - A  EE et pt Se eentmegte = ence OE IO cat

NS

«rut:

   

ees

pay

     

fA rather |

 

| t

|
{

 

 

agine how a person looks no more than one can

 

imagine how the people, if there be any there,
on planet Mars look. I cannot tell colors
neither can I smell, That I can spoak very wel

is 4 great blessing. As 1 suppose all blind men
do, T see things from the inside

Orris Henson, with whom I am quite famillar
fg really a bright boy, He will be considered
very Latelligeny by every one with whom he hap-

ns t) become acquainted, especially when they

orn that he lost his learning, sight and speech
when but 3 years old and remembers nothing
previous to the time he was afflicted. He is in
my opinion as bright as Miss Helen Keller, al
though she is far more advanced in her studies
and has had 4 much smoother road over which
to travel than Benson. He bas learned as much
4s any deaf mute blessed with the sense of vision,
who has been at the institution the same length
of time as he. What is most remarkable is he
has been taught to speak. He is very fond of
lay and will play at bide and seek all day, if he
has the companions to play with, T asked him
once if he would play Hall with me. He sald:
“You cannot see.” Orris has great ambition
He tells me he will be glad when he leaves school
#0 that he can earn some money and assist his
parents. Orris is fond of study, too. He ts now
earning history and geography. One day I
asked him which he liked the better

“History, said he

“Why?” L asked.

“Because history is more interesting,’’ was the
reply

Vy yhatdo you think of the war down in Africa?”

“LT pity the Boers, the British are cowards,”
sald he.

 

    

 

 

 

CAME ABOARD FOR HIS LIVER,

A Down East Shark That Knew His Rights
and Dared Ask for Them.
From the Lewiston Evening Journal

When I asked Harrison Curtis of Thomaston
for his side of this story he looked at me doubt
fully. The sage of the Georges Valley, the dis-
courser on the powers of the infinite, the philoso
pher of the Pliocene era of the world—he looked
at me doubtfully,

“l'd rether not tell you that story,” said he,
“for that is a most remarkable story and some
people there are in the world who do not know
enough to believe it, I have no objections to
welling the story to those who are of the elect and
who understand that truth is stranger than fletion,
Rut It really hurts my feelings to have the scoffer
gare at me fronteally with the pathetic misunder
standing of the trreclaimable heretic, Under
stand that I don't class you in with that crowd,
Hut if you write this remarkable story out and
quote me in the matter the same misunderstand
ing will follow me, I'd rather you'd see State
Senator Chamberlain of Hristul about the affair
Or there is Fish Warden Hanna, Both of them
know the story and are realy to testify to its
truth. It's good to have authority of that kind,
I think you'd better get them to tell you.”

Here the reader can insert five minutes of so-
licitation to suit his ideas of how a man should be
coaxed,

Then, Harrison Curtis loquitur, clearing his
throat and commencing with an “If I must, I
must’ air, proceeds from this point

“This ‘ere happened right after the war, Con
siderable many of the men that went to the war
tackled on t mackerel fishing in hearty style.
Hand lining in those days. No trawling, oO
seining the same as the sweepers of the sea carry
on the business nowadays

“The man that I shipped with for the first trip
after war times Was the Worst man to swear
that] think | ever heard,

“I don't knew as that has anything to do with
the story but that man did swear so that I can't
help thinking of it every time I talk about him
I don't remember how he! looked or whether he
even wore whiskers but I do remember how he
used to talk

“Well, | hired as cook for the trip, Had ten
other men, You just ask Chamberlain or Hanna
about them and see if they were not good men—
and by the way, the whole ten of them stand
right behlid this story. want you to remember
that.

‘We did our first fishing off Seguin. Mack
erel bit first rate for about half an hour and we
was reelin’ ‘em in hand over fist fat and white
and big’s your arm.

‘All to once mackerel stopped bitin’,

Shark.’ said the old man. aud oh, massy
ou cugbt to have heard him swear. No, 1
yean you shouldn't have heard him swear. It
as awful

“Shark,’ said be. When # shark comes up,
yoy understand, the mackerel always stop bitin’
and go off and bide But a mackerel crew in
those days was always ready for anything of
that kind always knew how to come round
Mister Shark, So we threw over our shark line
with a pieceof pork ontheend The hook had
chain gangein’ so that Mister Shark couldn't
bite it off

“Well, in less than thirty seconds Mister Shark

bit and we hauled him over the side, He was
a nice hefty shark. Should saythat he would
suttin weigh 600 Pounds Had quite a tussle

gittin’ him over the side of the schooner
‘Hold him there,” roared the skipper
Mister Shark was flapped on the deed

“Now, Jeptha,’ said the old man
the wow diddy ow diddy slamididdy
cut him open’

“Now that shark's liver Olled a half of a hogset
Most remarkable big liver

“Now doodle ty, dumpity, sew him up!" howled
the skipper

"And, sir, they took @ big sail needle and they
sewed him cS with a nice neat bernng bene stte!

eroas bis white belly It was 4 real good looking
job in needle work
teod in the eook galley door looking on and
Teould see by the shark's eye that ha was greaily
vexed at losing his liver. But he didn’t say any-
thing and so, when he was all nicely sewed up,
over they threw him, splosh, and down he went
below

“This shark had along about eightin
the morning, you While) they had
workin’ on him the wind breezed up and we kept
eatin’ into the windward and we got off the fishin
grounds

So the eld man allowed that we might as well
trim sail and make away for Cape Ann And
we did Got to the grounds off Cape Ann ‘long
about 6 o'clock in the afternoon. Hove to anc
down with our lines and commenced to fish Had
good Juck for about half on hour” fish bit well
apd were of good size Then all te once they
stopped biting just as they had done before
old man straightened up his back, put
up his hand to shade his eyes, and took a long
squint to windward

“T bble de dubblede double j'inted sea grass
hoppers,’ bowled he, ‘here's he comes”

“And away, ‘way off, we could see a shark
come finnin’ along moderate like, yetin a tollable
hurry finuin’ like this and the narrator stuck
us hand up in the air, fingers erect, and gently
vibrated the member

“So along the shark come, and the old man told
‘om to heave over that doomity boomity sha’k line

agin
awd they did. And the shark bit He bit
hard He evidently wanted to be caught He
bad bus’ ness with us And when we pulled him
over the side it was jest as the old man said it
would be--it was that same shark
“Lookin’ for his liver, lookin’
How sad that sounds when you
“Now the old man admired writ
any difference who had the writ
admired the critter that had it
“He stood there and looked at that shark

when

    

straddle him,
&e, and

 

come

 

See

 

for jus liver.

think of it
Didn't make
the old man

“Gol durn ye! said he, ‘ye're nothin’ but a
blame no'count shark, but ye've got backbone
enough to stock up a whole village Shake

and he grabbed that shark by the fin there right
before us and tipped his bat to him and give him
the grip of the Seamen's Union

“But sull the shark looked vexed ‘Oh!' said
the old man, in admirin’ tone, ‘T wish ye knew
how to talk the English language Ly the whis
kers of a haddock, how ye could swear!’

“Now, there was nothin’ mean about
man. Tle said as how that shark
have his liver

the old

was goin’ to

“Take out them stitches again,’ said be. And
they did
“And then the old man with his own hands

put back that liver into thatshark and they sewed
iim up carefuller than ever. Then the old man

to do what he could to square things, poureda

horn of rum down the shark's gullet, and they
threw him over, He still looked vexed, as [ could
see from the galley and T dunno’ as it is
to be wondered at When his fin went out of

 

sicht it was twigwzin’ kind of mad But he
his liver and we didn't see any more of hin

ROGER CONANT’S BIBLE,

d got

One of the Old Geneva Version Presented

to the Fasex [natitute of Salem,
Sane, Mass, Mar 3.- "The Breeches

applied to editions of
Engh

who fled to that city from Great

the perseettion

Lible”
Holy
reformers

is the name the

Book published in Geneva by !
rian during
rem
nied to the

of Queen Mary's One of
the ancient volumes has been
Essex Institute of this city by
frey It

one of the

presi
Charles W. Pal
the property
first sr

Wis vlice of Rower 4

nant, ttlers of Salem, and is

| hiehly prized by members of the Institute

Set ee

 

In «a blank space at the bottom ef one of the
pages Is @ record, apparently made by Conant's
wile, In these words “The 4 day of May, 1672,
being Saterday, my dere littel sone Samnell

} Conant died the 5 day of dune, 1672, heme
| Saterday, my dere, dere, dere husband Roger
Conantdysed

This Hible was loans

“toby Mr Palfrey to John
Gorham Palfrey, whil

the latter was writing his

  
   

history of New Pay land The author submitted
ito in \upgust, 145, to George Livermore, who
returned it with the following statement

“[ tind by examination that this Bible is of the
Geneva version, first translated and published
in 150, by the English reformers whe fled to
thateny during the persecution of Queen Mary's
rewn [tis the third Engiish translation Cover
dale's heme the first, in 15385, Cranmer's the
second in 1680. This translation was alweys
highly esteemed by the Puritans, and notwith
standing it was condemned by King James, who
gnneried it to be the worst translation ever mada,
it continued to be used by many long after the
renee made by royal authority was pub
is \.

6 severe st

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.

——————

—S  ——___  Oree eer er

 

 

CONSUL HANNA’S WAR NEWS

THE SECRET SERVICE HE ORGAN-
IZED IN PUERTO RICO,

During the Spanish War He Was Able to
Reach Kvery Part of the Island and
Keep Washington Well Informed—lnno-
cent Appearing Cable Despatches Mail
That Escaped the Spanish Censor,
Des Mowe, la, March 1.) When Philip

©. Hanna, United States Consul at La Guayra,

Venezuela, was transferredjto San Juan, Puerto

Rico, before the Spanish war began, he set about

orgauizing a secret service which was of great

advantage to this Government during the en
suing events, By the system he established
he was able to communicate secretly with any part
of the island either from San Juan or from any
point outside the island which could be reached
by cable
lied forinformation knew about the system, Every
man was led to believe that he was the only one on
confidential terms with the American Consul.

Mr. Hanna proposed to run no risk of being trapped

by Spanish detectives, and so a different cipher

Was arranged for nearly every man. If one was

betrayed it would not help the Spanish to read

any other despatches. He let it appear to each
one of his assistants that he was simply gratl-
fying a friend by allowing him to prepare @ code
whereby the Consul might be advised of anything
of interest to him in the future

Finally after his organization was completed,
the order came from Washington: “Turn affatrs
over w Hritish Consul, Go to St Thomas, re-
port and await orders.” He was almost the last

American to leave San Juan and he and a few

refugees sailed on an English coaling vessel.

On his person he carried the cipher code of the

State Department and copies of all the codes that

had been arranged for the scores of agents who

were to represent him in different parts of the
island. No sooner was he settled at St. Thomas
than the perfect working of his machine was
proved, From every city, town, village and
precinet within the Puerto Rican group came
letters giving the latest detailed information.
There were charts of fortifications, descriptions
of new earthworks thrown up and of churches
being made into forts by piling bags of dirt and
sand around them, They told of the arrival
of new arms, whether they were of old or new
pattern; of the ammunition, its style, and whether
it was old or new, of the mounting of new cannon;
of the repairing of old forts; of the planting of
large guns, giving their calibre, at places along
the seashore. They deseribed the movements
of troops and the arrival of new troops, They
told of the arrival of coal for the Spanish ships,
and gave in detail the amount of supplies of all
kinds that had arrived for the Spanish army
They told of the shortness of certain kinds of food
in the island; they told whether the people were
contented or not. Every ship arriving from the
island brought information by the passengers
Nothing could through the mails ad-
dressed to Mr. Hanna, but matter did reach him
addressed to W. L. Brown & Co, L. A. De Lima

& Co, H.C, Baker & Co, and adozen more names

agreed upon. Such letters were looked upon

4s purely commercial. By sailing vessels of all
sorts and by fishing smacks daily communication
was held between the eastern parts of the island

and St. Thomas. Every boatman expected
to receive a reward for delivering any sort a mail
or package to Consul Hanna. One day an old
fisherman who bad made @ landing on the east
coast of Puerto Rico sought Consul Hanna on
the arrival of his boatat St. Thomas and informed
him that he had caught the fish. He drew in his
line and @ long fish, weighing several pounds,
which had evidently been dead for many hours
and had been allowed to floatin the water so as to
keep out of sight, was drawn into the boat and
given w the Consul. Mr. Hanna took the fish
without hesitation, asking the price

This kind is worth 820,” said the old fisherman

 

 

pass

 

 

and the Consul slipped a twenty dollar gold piece |

intobishand, Inthe throatof the fish was tucked
away 4 package carefully rolled up in a piece of
olleloth and {t contained a set of valuable charts
and other information, The boatman had been
afraid he might be overhauled by a Spanish
gunboat and the papers found upon his person,
so he deposited them in the fish, laxtenea a great
hook into its jaw and threw it into the sea and
broughtitte St. Thomas

Frequent shipments of cigars were sent from
Puerto Rieo to Consul Hanna. The tillers often
yroved to be Ussue paper containing Information
t may be readily Andannood that It was highly
important that he should have access to the cable
line which connected Puerta Rico and St. Thomas,
for depending Upou information by boats in some
cases would prove too slow for war times. The
importance of the code system was now realized

 

 

The cable was under the strictest: censorshty
Spanish officers read everything submitted to
tt perators to be sent out to the islands. It was
, evident that nothing could pass on which the
}name of Hanna or of the American Consul ap
roared All despatches intended for him = bere,
therefore, the address of one of the eonmercial
firms which he had te orariiy established,

 

 

or were sent to some business housein St. Thomas,
to be turned over to him. None of these tele
grams could safely bear the least mark of mys
tery. ‘They all therefore appeared to be strictly
‘rolal and te relate to nothing but commer
cial subjects. They appeared to be sent by one
wholesale house in Puerto Rico to another whole
sale house in St. Thomas, quoting the price of the
products of the island Forinstance, at Migrace,
a firm quoted to Brown & Co, of St. Thomas,
the price at whieh they would sell 860 hogsheads
of a certain grade of sugar, telling the color of
the sugar, in what part of the island it was pre
dueed, and if it was wet or dry and giving a full
description of the sugar A merchant at Ponee
night telegraph to one of Mr Hanna's firms in
St. ‘Thomas and quote the price at which he would
lay down in New York, Liverpool or Hamburg
200 bags of a certain kind of coffee, He we uld
describe the coffee, telling: where it was produced
the color and size of the berries, what part of it
was already in his warehouse, what part was still
in the fleld and when the whole amount would
be ready for shipment, sometimes mentioning

 

 

the vessel upon which it would be conventent
to ship. Another merchant known to deal in
tobacco might send a telegram about tobaces,
offering so many bales of tobaceo, deseribing

what part were fillers, what part wrappers, what
portion dark and what pertion light
was raised and how long it had been harvested;
whether it had been carefully cured or was partly
mildewed. The dealers in sugar had codes re
lating to sugar Dealers in eotfee had codes
concerning the raising and shipment of coffee.
Tobaceo and fruitt dealers had codes relating to
the products they handled

In order to avoid sending too many telegrams
to one firm Mr Hanna's correspondents woul
make their offers to different firms. Then per
chance tf one of these friendly Puerto Ricans telt
that the Government was becoming suspicious
of him, he would say to a member of an out-and
out Spanish firm, “Won't you do me the kindness
to tell your representative in St. Thomas that I
have so many hogsheads of sugar that IT will
ship to his order” giving a deseription of the sugar
or coffee or tobaceo, The Spenish merchant,
always ready to do his neighber a favor, often
forwarded such telegrams, firmly believing they

were exactly what they appeared to be. Some
limes they were sent to the real representative
of the Spanish house in St Thomas. Consul

Hanna or one of bis friends would dropinto the
office of that firm in a careless way and would ask
about the prices and products in’ Puerto Rico,
and if they were doing any business over there
or not, and thes eout tae him the latest tele
gram. ‘To the receiver it was exactly what it
Appeared to be, a quotation of prices. But Mr
Hanne immediately recognized therein the codes
that were used deseribing the situation and the
inner condition of the island. The words used
in deseribing the various products that were com

mon to Puerto Rico all had a meaning, which
related entirely to the war between the United
| States and Spain. Sometimes they were sent

} in English and sometimes in Spanis!

Crenerally
“colfee’ in’ English had a different meaning from
what it had in Spanish. There was never an
attempt to send # telegram that appeared mys
terious, The simpler and more businesslike the
telegram the better, and the despatches always

 

related to the real condition of harvests end the
} products of the country. Only dealers in sugar
were allowed to talk ofsugarin their telegran
Only ers in cottee quoted coffee or deserihed
the cone mot eotfee in the Held Only men kiown

     

   

 

to handle tobaeco sent the highly important in
formation concerning the tebaces crops With
such careful measures even the cable operator
although some of them were English and Seot

  

     

failed to suspect that information was being sent
over their lines to Mr Taana concerning the
war, In fect, the cable company, while aware |
that he sent many eables to Washington, did
not know that he was receiving so many dese
patches from Puerta bles

So prompt were the workings f the system that |
Mr. flanna knew of the bombardment of San
Tuan while it was taking place na reported the
facts at Washington He knew of the arrival of
coal vessels almost before they dropped anchor
He knew of the arrival and departure of evers
Spanish warship. He knew tminediately of the
moveent of Spanish troops, simply upon the
receipt meof these conmerctal telegrams, ad
dressed to a real or fletitious firm in. thomas
by some real firm tn Puerto Rieo Tle was in

 

position to contradict all the wild reports: whieh
were sentout

Ships of Admiral Sampson's fleet called often
at St Thomas for information. Mr Hanna was

always in a position to give them the latest i
formation if knew whieh Spanish gunboat
were in port, which had gone to sea, and whitel
were getting ready to go, and everything else
that related to the Spaniards in that part of the
world. By his information he enabled the Ameri
can warships to capture several vessels loaded
with supplies for the Spanish Government

Consul Hanna was able & know every day
such of the plans of the Governor General of

 

 

Puerto Rico as were made public Mr Hanna
was the first official w report to W the
)

=

No one of the persons upon whom he re- |

where it '

 

transmitied the first instruction from the Secretary
of War that Gen, Miles received from Washington
after bis arrival in a Puerto Rican port Gen,
Miles sentfor Consul Hanna and asked bim tw
communicate with Gen, Macias, the Military Gov
' ernor of the island of Puerto Rico, and ascertain
| Rontvely if the Spanish Governor intended to
whtornot. Mer Hanna did not direct lis mes
sage of inquiry to the Spanish official, but he
| received none the less a direct and positive an
swer to the effect that Gen, Macias was a good
Spaniard and would fight
There was @ very strong American sentiment
in the island, and Mr Hanna made it his business
to cultivate and increase this: sentiment be
| lieving that the people would) enthusiastically
| receive the Americans and desert the Spanish
| at the Orst opportunity, So he made it his busi
ness to daform the Puerto Ricans of the advan
| tages of American rule, and showed them how
, American enterprise and capital would develop
| the island, make great public improvements and
Project: public enterprises and employ thousands
of natives at better wages than they had ever
received before. tle called attention to the re
! sources of the island, whieh was capable of pre
; ducing many times as much as it did under the
burdensome system of Spanish taxation. The
| advantages of the markets of the United States
were presented to the people They were told
| how the American laws would give them justice
and how free schools would be Se ratiiahed All
these things he put into circulation through. the
secret service wh hohe omanized, and which
penetrated to every part of the island So he
contributed no small part to the establishment
of the United States in the island of Puerto Rico,
practically without a strugile tle had advised
that no small army should be sent to Puerto Rieo,
so that the Spaniards would be able to resist it and
force many natives into Aghting the Americans
These recommendations had their influence, and
the sizeof Gen. Miles's army made it certain that
there would be no fighting
Judge Day, Secretary of State, said at the close
of the war that the best information the State
Department had received from any quarter came
from Consul) Hanna. The Department had
learned to rely on his reports, because they were
} free from sensation and invariably proved to be
correct’ Mr Hanna is now Consul4ieneral for
northern Mexico, with headquarters at Monterey.

 

LONG-DISTANCE CAVALRY RIDES,

Feats of British in Africa Compared With
American Achievements,
From the Philade'!phia Times,

There is much of interest to riders generally,
but particularly to the United States cavalrymen
in reports that have come from South Afriea of
some of the loug, hard rides made there by the
British mounted troops, ‘The accounts of some of
these rapid forced marches of cavalry are lacking
tn detail, but the specific statement is made that a
squadron of the Natal Mounted Rifles recently rode
eighty five miles in twelve
The English press speaks of th

consecutive hours

rides of sinty
miles by detached cavalry troops which are eom
pleted within the limit of the daylight bours, and
these achievements of the troopers and their mounts
are spoken of as if of frequent cecurrence

At first thought it may not appear that these

rides are particularly remarkable, but the fact
must be taken into consideration that bodies «
troops and not single individuals are concerned

and where this is the case the rapidity of the march

must necessarily be gauged by the rapidity and

 

i endurance of the poorest horse of the outfit, More
over, each animal engaged has to carry weight of
man and equipment to an average amount of 250

| pounds, Many of the horses used by the English
troopers are American bred, and a natural interest
in this country is added to the

Jine’ on tt

rides, for itigives a
of the
itely strange climatic

| chance to “get a endurance
American animal under absol

conditions

  

 

  

  

‘Oo army in the world, perhaps, bas had the

| Same opportunities te test the endurance of cavalry

horses as bas the small regular force of the United

| States ‘The long, level stretches of the plains

{ and the activity of the marauding Indian mounted

Jon his tireless bronco have been the conditions

| Which wave to Uncle Sam's cavalry nian hits mateh
less chances forlong forced mounted marches

Col, ‘Theodore Ayrault Do United States

} Army, collected the official recor long disianece

| cavalry rides, and bas made them public, so that

   
   

  

they may be «x mired with the performance of
oldier horsemen of other nations, Col. Dodie
declares specilically that hi erected all “hear
| say rides, of which there is end,” and bas ac
| cepted only those proved by ollial reports,

Col. Dodge says that Capt. Sob. Fountain, United

States Cavalry vin the year D501 rode with a detach
mentof his troop eughty four nul peught hours
This record is vouched for, and it is: better than
that of the Natal Mounted Kitles by about four
hours, the distance being within e mule of that

   

made in South Africa. For actual 1 this
forced march stands perhaps at the of the
American ormy record, though other des have
been more remarkable. In the year 7), when

the Utes succeeded i geting some United States

 

 

 

  

troops into what was afterward known as bho
burg’s “rat hole,” several mounted couriers sues
ceeded in slipping through the circling line of
sAvaeN All of them reached Merritus column,
170 miles distant, in less than twenty four hours
Phe exact Ume was not take for, as Col Dodge
puts it, “rescue was of mere Importance than
records

It must be understood, of course, that all these
Anerican rides were Without changing
horses The steed at th art Was the stew at
the finish The best rider, according to cavalry
experts, is not the man who take five barred
gate or who can ride standing, but he who by
instinet feels the condition of bis horse and,
though getting the most outof the ¢ al, knows
hew to conserve his) strength The late Gen
Lawton, who was killed in the Philippines, in the
year S76 rode from Red Cloud Ageney, Neb,
to Sidney, in the same State, a distance of 125
miles, in twenty six hours He was carrying
important despatches for Gen Crook, and, though

the road was bad his mount) was in good coud)
tion when Lawten, looking five years older than

    

 

    

   

   

 

 

 
  

    

 

he did the day before, handed over tits bundle
of papers to the black bearded General Gen
Merritt has a reed march record that has tie
American parallel when the conditions of his
journey are considered He réered in the
fall of WATM to the relief of Payne's command,
which was surrounded by hostile Indians Mer
ritt's command consisted of four troops of cay
alry, but at the last n e was ordered to
add to his foree a battalion of infantry The
“tough boy were load wins !
drawn by mul and with avelr
flanks the relief column Yhe '
t> be traversed was 170 miles. and it was made
notwithstanding the hand of tt mS,
and trails that were muddy {sandy by turns
in just sixty six hours \tthe end the march
the troopers wentainto the fight, and im the entire
cor id net one horse showed a lame leg or a
Sa sure

Pour troopers of the Pourth Cavalry, who had
volunteered for the pertionlar serviee, were sent
in the summer of 1870 from Port Harney to Fort
Warner with despatehes and vy told to make
the best t jossible without killing their horse
The men were on their mett! They made the
distance, 140 miles, twenty miles of the way bet
through loose sand, ino twenty two hours, the

actual marching time being enghteen hi

 

and

 

 

thirty minutes At Fort Warner they re one
day, and returned to Harnes the same horses
at the uniform rate of sixty miles a dav. Cant
Famund FF. Peehet started at midmourht for the
relief of the Indian seouts who had been sent out
to arrest Sitting Bull, wh ter x that
chief, were beleaguered ina low hut by follow
ers. Fechet took an) ambulane ' nd
Hotchkiss gun with him Phe grun) carriage
broke down and he was compelled te fasten tt

trailof the piece to the tailboard of the ambulance

 

and thus drag it along etwithstanding this
handicap he made the flest forty five miles in be

than seven hi He fought and drove off the
young Sioux bucks, then scouted the country for

urs

 

 

 

   

 

 

ten miles, gave his troopers some breakfast and
retiirned to the fort. Fourteen hours were eon
sumed in covering ninety miles of ground
The cavalry horses of the American Army
have undergone these endyran nal speed ¢
fests carrying weights of more than 200° pounds
and without any training other than that) or
ceived in the ordinary course of frontier seouting
and daily drill evolutions Phe greatest military
ride recorded, as it appears on paper is that of
the Austrian Count Stratirenberng, who pode
horse BO milesin seventy one hours. Theaninoal
however, carried only ¢ Counts weight, 125
pounds ithad been specially trained for mont
fo undergo the endurance west, and during ¢
whole time of the r it was kept up on stim
lanits Phe horse died within twenty-four hours
after the completion of its tuss
Col. Dodge, in bis summary of remark
rides, tells of a professional expr rider wi
he personally knew, y fort mouths carr
mail from Fl Paso to Chibuatina. t ich a host
\pache country I me 1 one haps '
broncho, regularly minde Soe In sixty?
and thon, resting his mount for four da ma
the return trip Asthis w ' valiy¢
ment. itis net used for . f compariser
Touching the performuar hi ver, thet tery
| Writer Says that, “exewptinu t ss, there is per
haps no creature on ear tubborniy endur
Ine as the bronet
Col, Dodge does not that if tests were |
made there woul hh difference |
+ tWeen the records which | , and American
soldiers would register I! that a compeosits
Dieture mace of S00 Pyritis {700 American
troopers would show that? three lines: whieh
establish the “seat {1 1 ire practically
the same. and that uper " proper care
of the fh depend large ther f di
tance accomplished and speed vintaie

Remarkable Experience of o Bell Ringer,

 

 

 

From the Cleveland I

Derroid, FI W—A wing r uceilent oe.
Carre’ at the ple’s Chu it hure
yest say morning, The rew t eng
fi', a red man, former!y nt te
Cien. Shatter, Was engaged - abat] ,
While ringing the ballfor the morning servies
his neck bY Some means heoan netreled bya

| loop of the rr - and he wasdrawn upward with
| such terrifle force that his head penetrated the

ceiling, Ureaking an oak joist three by twelve
inches in size, Beyonda slight abrasion of the
ecalp the wan suffered nu injury,

  

whereabouts of Gen. Miles and his army, and he

 

  
 

PICTURES OF THE BABIES,

A NEW SOURCE OF TROUBLE FOR
THE LATTLE ONES,

Efiect of the Increasing Demand for Pio-
tures of Bables—Infant Hearts Swelliug
With Wonder, Disapproval and Rage

A Specimen of What They Go Through,

The babies, at the foundling asylums and in-
fants’ hospitals, have been having # hard time,
since the tilustration crave reached ite present
stage. ‘The already difficult problem of com-

{ fortable baby existence has been complicated,

for them, by the photographer and the artlat;

and innumerable small bearts are swelling with
wonder and indignation. ‘The litte bables can
only wail their protest, but the elder toddlers
speak their mind about the persecution of the

Innocents
“Dot a black bow’ asked Molly, aged 4, ete

piciously, when a SUN reporter tried to make

friendly overtures

“A black box?” the reporter echoed, helplessly,

“Ess. Does oo put oor head in a black bem
and do se” She snapped the pudgy fingers ef
one band and waved it mildly at the reporter,

“Well, no; Ldon't do that ordinarily.”

“Is 00 a dottor?”

“No, Pm not a doctor”

“Haven't dot no bags nor sharp fings inside?

 

 

 

Not a bag.’

"The severe infant relaxed, and heaved a mighty
sigh of relief

“All yight
bly ina tiny chair, beside the reporter.
did oo tum for? she asked, genially

“Just to see you.”

“Dot any aninal trackers

“I'm awfully sorry, but T haven't
money that would buy them, thoueh”

“All sight Get me some when oo do home.”

Friendship being established, on a basis ot
prospective animal eraekers, the reporter took
his turn at crossexamination, and gradually
discovered the reasons for the deep cistrust im
the infant mind. It seems that at bebles’ howe
pitals twe kinds of men are known Both,
os a rule, carry black boxes, and are in a dreadful
hurry. One is a doctor, When he puts in an
appearance look out for nasty things to swallow,
and pokes in all the places that hurt! Sometimes,
When he comes, the nurse carries a livle tot out
of the ward, and the doctor takes the sharp things
jut of bis bag and hurts the baby; and, when the
lite comrade is brought back, he has bandages
all ved around him

Was tied on like dat,” explained the small
narrator gravely, displaying a bandaged arm
and wrist Playin’ wif matches,” she explained
in reply to the question in the reporter's eyes.

Sull, the doctor isn't a bad fellow. He doesn't
like to trurt people Dust does itto make vem
and if one is very brave and doesn'tery,
medicine without rebellion, he calls
He has a very fine taste in ani
mal crackers, too, has the doctor, When Willie
had his foot all pulled straight, the doctor brought
him a very superior variety of animal crackers,
“dust full of efelunts Auinal crackers seem
to be the highest notch of baby hospital orgy.
Candy is forbidden, and all indige suble sweets
but what's the difference whether a camel tastes

‘she satd, settling herself comfortar
“What

oo”

I've got

well,
j and takes

| her nice names
|

good, since he's such a joy to the eye!
Yes, the doctor has his good points; but the
other black box man Who takes pictures hasn't,
in the baby's estimation, a leg to stand on, “Dust
mates trouble,” she declares stoutly. When he
comes in and looks around, sick and well, alike,
There's no telling where lightning will
strike A jolly litde convalescent, who has just
been bathed and dressed, and had her hair pulled
and brushed, and is resting after the onslaught
ina sunny rner with # picture book spread out
her, may be grabbed up and undressed
and put to bed, where she is rolled around in the
most extraordinary way
mebody wanted pictures showing how
sheets may be changed, without getting an in;
| valid out of bed, and several things of that kind,
| interrupted a smiling nurse at this point in the
babs's exciting tale, “and it was easier to show
chil! pictures than pictures of adults.’
An ven Wate was tooked an’ dweased all

cower

| before

 

} up in ber bestest flags, an’ puton ve floor, ine
bastik, wiv pillows fn it; an’ ve man_ put his
headin ve box, an’ he made noises, an’ he made

his hands de vis way, and she erled,”

{| Note by the nurse He wanted a picture of @
baby supported in one of the padded clothes
baskets They can be propped up in the baskets
you know, and cant fall out or hurt themselves.”

Katie cwied at ve man,” reasserted the baby
sturdily, “an’ ven she was tooked an’ putin ve
baf tub, wiveut anyfing on, and’ she

ad dust
had « baf, an

she ewied some more; but ve man,

he made noises so he seared ber an she couldn't
| ewy, an’ ven he said he was froo

Siddenly the baby's eyes dilated, and she
clutched the reporter's knee

“Gwacious Vere’s one” she whispered, in
horrorstricken tones The reporter, turning
around. Sawa brisk and alert young man carry.
ing a black bow Ihe nurse was talking to him,
with forced amiability

Now, let me see” said the newcomer, in @
crisp, business ike way, “where's a good, plump,

pretty baby ‘hat won't ery, nurse This is to
tell he raght way and wrong way of holding and

dressing a bat three pictures, each way and
better light in other rooms. Another appoint
ment in twenty minutes. This way, pleas

Put your chair there, That's the baby you'l

Let me see my note

Hope it ll keep quiet
Put on the ahi

IIlustrate putting on shirt.’
right way, nurse.”
The nurse had
et anil had it une
its mouth’ and eyes, in
approval
Doing toewy,” commented the reporter's small
friend oracularlys
| ’'Thatll do: now the wronggway,” said the phoe
| tographer
[don't know any wrong way,” said the nurse,
helplessly
Oh, there must be a wrong way. Try any
was, advised the photographer, blithely,
The nurse twisted the shirt into a tangle, ang
tried to look like a young and inexperien

mother

use

taken a placid baby _out of
ressedd on herlap. It opene
astonishment and dise

     

  

That's good, now the band

Phe baby was rolled over on its abdomen where

j ithioked feebly, while the nurse sewed na band,

| Phe wrong way,” ordered the photographer,

1 stipposse inn't necessary to run ping more
than # short distance ints the baby?" said the
Dire, With & Sispiciotus sweetness in her tone,

! tatall, notatall” replied the photographer,
in all seriotisness Hold the baby in @ sitting
posture in your lap

The baby, brought rz side up once more,
blinked and puckered it uth wofully,

Dome teewy, wiht now. whispered the big
bal itleefully

Ive wot that. Phd it the wrong way,” eaid
the photographer, Che purse removed @ sup.
porting hand, and the baby erumpled up like
no wel rag, dts body flapped ina drunken faghe
ion, its head wobbled pathetically, its face exe
pressed varying motion It rolled its eyes
Inquirsugly ot the nurse. Then it stared dige
mally at the reporter

Sie never did ths to me before, What's
happened teomy werkt” its abused look plainly
sal Then pathos and ineredulity gave wa
1) regre Yr es closed, the mouth opened,
& howlof wrath smote the air

Got it before the storm broke, Much obliged,
purse,” said the photographer, airily, as he
gathered his traps together and hurried away,

 

The nurse's pleasant mouth closed rather Oirmly,

|

} as she quieted the erying baby

| There isn't to be any more of it here,” she
| said quietly We like ty be obliging, but there's

» much of the thing, and we'll have to

 

' lrowether, for we can't afford to give the
tit nd attention to it and worry the children
this way

Wis ve baby'd ewled sooner,” said Molly in
tone { deep disappeintment and the reporter

ihed forth in pursuitof the festive animal cracker
| BLGAN TO GROW AND DIED,

The Strange Denths of Three Brothers Whe
Lived in Memphis,

From the Memphis Soumitar,
The death of Mr. Z. 1. Manees, which occurred

Thorsday night at his home, at 420 Washington
street, Was @& very remarkable one. Mr. Maneea
had pred eted the exact day aud time that he
w d leave this world and had made every prep-
J aration, setting aside the clothing he wea
ty be buried in before he went to bed that night
He Was not a sufferer from any disease, and had

not been confined to his bed previous to bis death,

 

Up toa few years ago Mr. Manees conducted
ai extensive plantation in Arkansas, but as he
was cetting along in veaes, being about 73 or 74,
he pet ! from aetive Life
hi vs ago tos friends remarked that. he
wos becoming fleshy and began to congratulate
him Upon wetting fatin his old age, The mater
did not seem as cheerful to Mr. Manees, as ig
meinarily the case, for to him it meant the very

opposite of mood health
, wi hod du had
fatior throe ¢

Iwo brothers of hia
weun to grow considerably
before their death

ee Mr Maneess friends notioed
i that he had waned considerably more flesh than
} th ty before aod by Wednesday he had grown

| se it his clothes would cearcely fit him, The

next morning te told his family that he was eon-

| Hdent the end was at hand and that he would

| never ser othe lieht of another day. He tool

meastires to wind up his business affairs aa
before retiring that night made every py

tien for bis burial that lay in his power, 4@
curred,

uo clock, while asleep, hls death oc 4

re remat. At

523

|
i
|