onan

f

 
 

HART FAMILY STEPS OUT.

RECEIVER GIVES THE THIRD AVENUE
SYSIAM ALW OFF. CERS,

 

Mr. Hart Mimsaelf and His Nieces’ Hus.
bands, Klias, Keyser and Autrewa, Ke-
tired Mr. Grant Getthog Hold of Details

to Report to the Court—stock Up Again,

Hugh J. Grant has set out quietiy, but vigor.
ously to eradicate the Hart influence tn Third
Avenue Railroad interests, He notified Henry
Hart that bis offes as Viee-President of the
bortyeseeond Mauhattanville and St,
Nicholus Avenue Company Was va-

street,
Kuilway

sant, wud Me. Hart stepped ont without say-
ne anything about ft. Yestertay, ac Or,
Grants rejaest, the Boaras of Directora of
that company and the Dry Dock, Fast Broad-
way and Mattery Raliroad Company met in
the Teird Avenue company’s oMoes and dis-
placed the ehtef family connections of Mr,

t pold.ng office in those companies, Messrs,
Pitas, D.C, Andrews and Leapold Kaye

Ad
oer

Mr. Fllas was President of both companies.
as well as tho Third) Avenue company.
Mr. Andrews was Secretary an! Treasurer of
the Forty-second Straet company and Mr.
Kayser was Secretary of the Dry Doek Com-
pany. Aj! tendered their resignations, which
were accepted and new officers were selected.

Henry Hart never married, Messra, Eliaa,
Andrews and Kayser married the thres daugh-
ters of his niece. Mrs, Land, #0 that these first
{roportant public moves of the receiver are
taken to indicate that whatever else happens,
Mr. Hart and his immediate connections are
no longer to havea voice in the direciion of
the road he developed and tha surprising col-
lapse of which no small numberof people lay
at his coor,

In pleca of Mr. Elias aa President of the
Yorty-second Street, Manhattanville and St.
Nicholas Avenue company, John Beaver, the
‘Treasurer of the Third Avenue company under
the recaiver was named by the directors. Mr.
Kieaver was formerly Treasurer of the Third
Avenue company but became assistant Treas-
urer when W. fl. Curtiss appeared with an ine
terest in the stock. When Mr. Grant took
eharge heroade Mr. Beaver Treasurer again
for the receiver, Mr. Eliasdrew a salary as
President of the Forty-second Street company,
What arrangement was made for compensas

 

  

 

tlou to Mr. Beaver for filling that oMfce in ad-
diton tothat of Treasurerof the Third Avenue
eompong was not made known. Thomas A,
Mater. aon of President E. A. Maher of the
1 1) Railway Company, who for eight or ten
r ths has beet nected with the Forty.
gecond Street MpANF, WAS selected to sue
ceed Mr. Andrews as Secretary and Treasurer.
4s President the Dey Doek Company Mr,

Fiilas had no salary. George W. Tinch, super.
‘nt eptoltharecompans, was chosen to suc.
him as President. Me Linch wtil continue

act as anperintendent ais. The offer of
Soe etary, Vaented by Mr. Kaveer, was come
sined with that of Treasurer, and John Byrnes,

    

 

 

 

 

  

 

   

 

 

SMALLPUX IN MUBRISTOWN.,

Sixteen Cases Now Reported—Six in the
Hospital Annex,

Monnistown, Mares &.—The people of this

town are thoroughly worked up over the !

Numerous cases of smallpox that have been
discovered here lately, At the present time six

men are in the annex of the Memoria! Hospital, |

especially eet aside for contagious diseases,
and Dr, Barker of the hospital ia sure that
they have smallpox. Mrs. Patrick Moore of
Abbott avenue and an ther woman living on
Nidgedale avenue are quarantined in thelr
homes with the disease, as there are no aa.
commodations for women in the hospital
annex,

To-day, Lemuel! Eak!ey, who lives in Mrs.
Moore's house was taken ill, His disease was
diagnosed as varioloid and he was sentto the
annex, Mrs, Moore {ts so ill that her nurses
have been afruid to tell her that ber son, Pat-
rick, who was asergeant in the United States
Army inthe Philippines, had died while on his
way home to this country, (pn the hosp tal ship

Missouri. His body is axpected to arrive to-
morrow, Mrs. Moore's other son is one of the
patienta in the hosrital annex,

The frat case of emalipox in thia c'ty was
discovered on Nov, 50. when James Huland
was found to be suffertng fromit, [tis alleged
that he eontracted the diaease by vo siting @
schoolteacher at Rockaway, N.J.. who had it,

Mayor Quail ordered that no expense
be spared in quarantining the house
where Huland lived, It was believed any

spreating of the disease hal been stopped,
but on Jan. 10 tbrea cases were discovered in
Mrs, Moore's house, in another part of the city.
Again precautions were taken, but on Jan. 28
Another case wis discovered in the township.
On Feb still another was found in another
mart of the elty and since that date there
ave been other cases found, until the total
number of those who have been stricken ts
Sixteen

Inspector Bowen ofthe State Board Of Hea'th
and Present John H. Rosedear of the ocal
Board of Health, are now making a house to
house canvass and fumleating every house
where there is even a shadow of asuapicion.
i verybody is being vaccinated and the health
of«tals hope that they now have thu disease
under control,

GIRLS AS ENGLISH STATESMEN.

Wellesiey Students Debate the Transvaal
Question as a House of Commons.

WeLuLes_ey, Mass., March 3,-The Agora

Society of Welles ey College furnished con-

siderable merriment for the students
and their friends at the snnaal
open debate this evening by having a

representation of the English House of Com-
mons, in which the leading members of the
Agora impersonated members of that body.
The matter under discussion waa the Trans-
vaal question, This resolution was

“Resolved, That the con tuct of the _eorre-
spondence with the Government of the Trens-
vaal touching the rights of Englti-h residents
uncer the Con titution of the Republic was

     

; marked by a lack of foresight an} judgment

' which

precip tyed the present unhappy
contiiet in South Africa; thatthe tima is now
ripe for peace overtures and that her Majesty's
Present adv sere are incapacitated from une
dertaking the nevo' lation of the pointa in dis*
pute, by their previous lamentable failures,”

The speakers io favor of the resolution
were: “Arthur J. Balfour,” Anna F. Cross;
‘reorzea = Wyndham. BEltth, H. Moore,
and “Joseph Chamberlain,” Lucy Wright.
Thea opp King speakers 9 were; “Sir
William Harcourt,” Jessie Fo Hutainpillar;
“Tohu Redmond Annie W Stocking:

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

“Timothy Healy.’ Minnie) Pappenheimer;
“David DD. George, Ravhel C. Reeve;
“Sir Henry Camp bell-Bannerman,” Frances
H houemantere; “Heory Latbouchere.” Mary A
Teavens, Tha Speakerof the House was Miss
Florence oop, President of the Agora:
clerks, Miss Carolyn L. Morse and Miss Caroline
Locke These threa wore white wigs with
binek gowns and the other members of the
House were dressed in the senior fem
| gow Afrer the debate had finis the

t
5
bi
the rresent lreasurer, will att {to the duties
of noth

the Forty-second street eompany Mr
Beaver was already a director; Mr. Maher was
pot,and he was not made a director Mr
Linch was made a director the Dry Doek
Company ino place of John Fb. Parsons, larely
reswned, The board of i yrs of the rive
second street, the Dry Dock and the Third
Avenue companies were all substantially the
taine, There was nomevting ofthe Third Ave.
nue boertandno formal deposition of Prosie
dent Flias. Mr, Grant as receiver super
all the oMeers ofthat company dire he
Third Avenne company does on wn the
other two compan es irg@ht., though eons !}
trolling them through majority holdings o the
stocks, [t operates them. ant it was to sime !
plity the work of operation and to secure cere
tain economies, Mr Grant said, that the
ehonges tn thelr officers were male. The oaly
surface Saving appareot is the amount of |
Mr Kavser's aary Anoth object of
the receiver Was to have the of
fleers, also the perating rs
of the roads No similar changes are
like'y in the Union Railway company, that
company being owned entirely by the Thord

Avenue, ant Presigent Maher being also the
pea ing oMcer ofthe road. Speaking of the
luckleberry road, amemter ofthe Third Ave

nue companys at the time of the purchase of

that line by it, said ye-terday that the Third

Avenue company received, the day a‘ter tha

purchase, an offer of $1,000,000 more than the

Price it had pad ter the road
Whether or not exstaination of the Third

avenue company’s alfairs at the Court's di-

rection will reveal the political influenee and

itacost and the general extravaranes whieh
current report ct os with the wreck of the
t

 

    
  

 

} eaf@ of the Manhattan

road will prot phe known onivalter 4a ber
manent receivershall have been appointed As!
temporary receiver Mr. Grrant merely takes

charge of the road and conducts its affairs in
the way that commends itaell to hin
economical and the best interests of al!
makingsuch investization of conditions as to
give him an insight into the work nes of the

“as most

 

  

corporation and enable him ote report to
the Courtat the next hearing, He madeatrip
tothe bavard street power hou-e yesterday

end day by day he ts looking over different de
taila of the operation of the road and its sube
ordinate lines, He said yestertay that that
work waa keeping him busy at present
and thar what further would be
{fn the way of wetting at other phases of
the company 8 business and how much of a ree
port would be made would depend upon the
order of the Court appoloting a permanent re.
eefveror the wishes of the Judwe Mr. Grant
hela consultation with Judze Lacombe yee
terday as tothe affairs of the receivership, but
{t had reference to he suil, and con.
cerned nothing of which he cared to talk for
Puliication

Tn reply toa statement made downtown yea-

 

lat
detitls,

 

 

 

terday that reeeiv rs certificates could ot
Issue for such @ purpose as the completion ofa
railway or Improvements Co ita lawyer
interested Inthe Third avenue company said
that the power to issue them for sucha pure-
pose was elemental; that the cert fleates
Would issue naturally tocurry oo the business
Decessary fosave the property, just as much
as theugwh tt were a house in) process
ot building which weuld) be ruined, or
Tent r which weuld be lost, {ff the
building was nor compleced, The cert fleates

  

eould not be issued, be suid, to pay obl gatvons
{ncurred prior to the receivership, Which must

 

Siand as clams an! for payment await the
order ot the court Aa THE SUNS has said be-
fore, the plan preparing by t)e@ Cretitors’ Pree
tective Comunitt which contempla ela ree
Qiiesttoth ‘out that an is-ue cf receiver's
Gertifoutes be authoriged. which a ayndieute
f Wy Khubn, Loeb & Co. is already pre-

 

‘Ome into

pared to take up to $10,000,009, ts to

effect only when a permanent: receiver is
appointed, as a temporary receiver does not
fasue certificates

Third Avenue stock opened yesterday at
47. the asking price at Friday's cose, The

 

Jow figureof the morning waa 47, and the

@tock went up to 38, closing at ons. he aales

Were 40.550 81 ares

There was talk in Wall

the formation of a second protec ive con

tee ti r! the interests of Third Aveyue
toekh mn the ground that the Creditors’

fr. tective Committee is

interested mainly in
the company's floating indebtedness,

 

Street yesterday of

ters, «

 

BOISTEROUS FRESUMEN REPENT,

The Trouble at the “Tech” in Boston Over
Military Science Lectures,
The faculty of the Mnsaa-
ehuseits Institute of Techuology has taken @
hand in the trouble between the freshman
clase and the Instructor tn military
ence, Lieut Hamiiton recently
gratuated West Point = Military
Academy. In years past, the members of the
freshman clase have made disturbances at
the lectures in thia branch of the institute
course but never before have the students

Bostow, Mareh 5

sel.
James

from

  

   

| dressed, and both seemingly dead

dono |

 

| speaker called fora vote on the passage of the

reso'ution by division of the House The
majority of members opposed the resolutior
Misa bitna Seward as The member from Tre-
land” created’ much amusement by her witty
saliles.

NEARY.

WOMAN PEAD, MAN

Survivor Declares the Gas Was Taorned On
by Aceident—Police Hold Him.

A man and woman, both young, entered the
House, a Raines law
hotel at1cO East Sixty-fAfth atreet, yesterday
afternoon, and had ae drink together,
Then they told Jobn 8. MeNamara, the pro-
prietor, that they wantedaroom, and they
registered as James Carterand wile, Brooklyn,
The man told MeNamara that be wanted to be
awmkened not later than Vo'clock at night as

he hid to get te work
Fifteen m nutes before that hour MeNamara

 

 

went to Khoom 11 to ecalithem, He could not
get in, and as there was & strong smell
of gas he kicked tha door in. Hoa

hed, both un-
3. MeNamara
summoned Dr, W. A. Rogers of 816 Lexington
avenue, whosaid that the woman was dead
but succeeded In restoring the map to con
sciousness

He was taken to

found the man and woman in

 

sellevue, There he said

he was Warry Fitvgern'd, 27 years old,
and bearded wth Sarah Keenan at
13h) Fleventh atreet, Col'ege Point.
He declared that the woman was

his wife. and, although the police told bim that
they hid diseovered that he had a uffed tha
kevhole in the door with paver. and had
turned the gason both in the radiator and at

! the gis jet, he insisted that the asphyaxtation

had }eenan accident
Hoishelta prisoner at Bellevue and wil!
probably recover,

LUKE)S JURY

DISAGRERS,

He ls a Boy of Viehteen and Once Confessed
That He Killed Mrs, sttegler,
Cincinnati, Mareb 3.--Judge Spiegel dis-
missedthe Albert Lukens jurymen this morn-
ing because they were unable to agree, At first
they atood eleven for cony.etion to one fur ace
quittal, bur at 11:80 A. M, eight were for con-

viction and four for acquittal. Lukens was
remanded to jai] on the request of Prosecutor
Darby. The Jury had been in continuous ses-

sion since Tuesday at P.M.
The case js aremarkalie one in more ways
than The defendant, who is only 18

one

| years old, ig charged with the murder of Mra,

caused somuch trouble as at present. The
trouble begun last October, wher none occa.
sion, tne class hanged theirdril mast rinetgy
ter the cose of the drill period and aweek |
fav they locked him in the dr hall, ant al
ovkeamith Was necessary to reease. him.

 

Rhortly after this, Lieut. Hamilton decided to
give the classa written examination in military
tactics, but the freshmen objected, and the
pre-ence of the secretary of the faculty and
several profe-sors Was necessury betore the
insurgents went to work on the paper

4\) was quiet until about two Weeks ago and

 

   

 

then the class began to grow boisterous at drill
néatthe weekly lecture, made such a dis.
fi ance, that Lieut Ham lton refused to
ecluretothem again during the term and
called on the faculty to heip bim matatain
iscip ine

The laculty took the matter under adyise
ment. A peeting of the freshmen was
yesterday, ehout three hundred stu teats
tending. The President of the ser uss,
CLV Lawreuee, addressed the voung st and
tolathem that the upper classes were disgusted
withthe reooduect, Then the boys tet sorry
an! anumberot re itio were introduced,
tothe effect that the treshmen regret.ed the

 

trou’ e they hud eeused and asket to have the
lectures on military s@enee resumed So
Many resoiut ~ were int oduced that a com.
Wittee was appointed to -elect the most auit-
al tand present them to the elass ata
future meeting
As aresuit of the trouble with thelr lecturer,
the interseho astte competitive dril, which was
held vast year under the auspices of the tresh-
meno cass wili probably have to be abandoned
this spring, us the members are in no eon |i-
jon togivean exhibition themselves and the
\ faculty ure not inclined to allow them to take

 

 

' tharge of vther ex) ibitions,

| contract to run to Sept, 30,

A Pacitc

Rriegler, WhO Was Op intimate frend of his
family. Kobbery Was the supposed incentive
for the murder, as about $50 of Mrs. Steg er's
money Was taken. ‘dhe Stiewler family wera
all Christian beiontists. Wille Stieg.er, aged
about LS, the sou of the murdered woman, and
astudentat the University of Cincinnati, dis-
covered the body of his murdered mother on
his return home, The body was tn a poo! of
bloo ton the floer, The head had teen crashed

in witha heavy tron poker, He tot none of
the many near neighbors, but rede several
miles on a street nault with Christian
Sormentiat trends + friends notified the

 

bi Indications pointed
to voung Lukens’ guilt, and early in the morn
ing folowing the murder he was arrested and
coufessed the murder to the detectives, Alter.
waid he sad that he was frightened Into muk-
ing a false confession by the officers,

FOR $175,000,

bov's fathe: of the tragedy

 

SUES AKMUUHK & CO,

A Sioux City Butcher Who Took Advantage
of a Rapid Rise ta Meat Prices,
Sioux Cry, la, March 3.-J. M. Ralya of
Bloux City, a butcher, to-day fled a suit
against Armour & Co. of Chicago, claim.
ing damages in the sum of $175,000 a).

leged to be dus on account of the
packing @empany's fatlure to fuifil the
terms of A contract, In May, 1809,

av agent of the Armour Company made a con-
tract with Kaiya under the terms of which the
packing company agreed to furnish the Sioux
City wan with fresn ineatat a fixed price, the

inv’. The packing
company filied orders until about Aug. 1,
when the price of pork loins went Up to almost
double the contract price. Then it was Ralya
began tuking orders for @ large amount and
ealled upon Armour fo deliver the meats to
him. Armour retused and Ralya now has sued
Armour tor the diflerence.

Exit the “patty Whig and Courier.”’

Banoor, Me., Marsh 3.—The Ranger Dotty
Whiy and Courier, whieh wae Orst published in
184, published its last edition this morning,

and beginning Monday morning will be
merged with the Banger Daly News, The
Wiig first came into prominence when Coo

wressman Charles A Bouteile Was ils nanaging

After he was elected tu Congress Mr,
Je continued to retain an interest in the
round at was only Just Previous to his
present (| ness that he sanctione:! the transler
oi the paper tothe Daly ewe, The News isa
comparatively new paner, its first edition be-
ing published in LMM. The Wig published
this morning an editorial article announe. ng
the transfer and saying that there ts a told for
only one morning paper In Bangor,

@ ter,
Vout
Pat

 
 

 

 

Stop in at Unton Pacific ticket ofica, No, 287
Br elway, and sce the wonderful moving pictures,
and gaze a the grand scenery on the line of, and the
fight of ‘The verlan’! Jimiied” over the Union
Railroad, which will be shown free,— Ady,

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.

————————

CHICAGO'S STRIKES GROW,

NEARLY 40,000 MEN OUT AND 2,300
FIRMS AK FECTED,
Tendency to Violence Shows Iteelf-- A
Woman Saves a Non-Union Man From
Rioters—More Rioting Expected—Deer-
| ing Harvester Men Go Out-Boyeott,

| CnHicado, March 3.—A woman and a revolver
contributed to saving a non-union workman
from violence to-day, and brought to a speedy
end an incipient riot at Sixtieth street and
Kimbark avenue, It was the only case of
serious lawlessness that marked the opening
of the last day of the third week of the bulld-
ing strike and lock-out. But for the woman
who came to the rescue of the non-union man
the trouble would, it is thought, have assumed
large proportions

At lO o'clock this morning a body of union
men presented themselves at a new building
under construction there and threatened the
hon-union men at work for F. A. Collins, the
contractor in charge. The latter recognized
the attacking party as union men, some of
whom had been in his employ, and made im-
mediate preparations for trouble. Derisive
cries came frat, andina moment the air was
Niled with missiles, The noneunion men sep-
arated and ran for sholter, the greater part of
the crowd pursuing two of the number.

One ofthe fugitives was overtaken and se-
verely beaten, whila the other took refuge by
running upthe front stairs of a residence and
making astand in the entrance. Hemmed in,
he Was at the merey of the crowd closing in
upon him, when a woman opened the door be-
hind him and banded him a revolver, telling
him to shoot down the first man who ap-
proached him orhurled astone The sightof
the weapon awed the crowd and the hesivged
work man was able to hold his place unmolested
until the arrival of the police,

lt is predicted that Mondar will eee the real
opening of the much heralded test of strength
of strikers here, The following figures indicate

the approximate magnitude of the struggle
whichis about to begin: Men idle on account
of strikes, lockout and weather couditions:
Building trades, 31,000; machinist, 7,000;
piate glass workers, 650; miscellaneous, 2.500,

irms which have rafused to sign union agrees
mente: Building contractora, 2.190; machine
manufa‘turing companies, 210; plate glass
companies, 5,

So serious has the aituation become, that a
drop in the price of steal stocks ou ‘Change to-
day was attributed to the labor war now on in
Seam Prejiminary akirmishes have
already taken place between union and non-
union men, Special olllcers are being sworn
in at the City Wail. and the workmen on the
buildings where operations will te resumed
on Monday wil be protected by armed guards,
Mayor Harrison has announce: in an open
letter thatthe Police Department will proteet
vietims from ussault, 80 foras the Department
isabletodaso Despiteall precautions, there
iSapparently a feeling that bioodshed is in the
range of possibilities, and some of those on
ene s » 9 the controversy have expressed
the bevefthariteannor be avoided except by
& complete surrender of one site

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the meantime various 8 continue to
ea} out their members and itis pre icted that
neat week will see fuliy 40,000 men on the

J atrike list A large proportion of} thes ")
)Meninthe Building Matertal Tradea Council
{will possfbiy be on strike before the en! of
next Week Business agents of the Counel

voted at ameeting toeday to order aymipathiz-
ers’ strikes in all fuetories which supply nun-
union contractors with the material,

The machinists’ strike has spread to the
Deering Harvester Works and the union men
employed there gave up their work to-night
It was reported at labor headquarters to-night
thatthe prospeers favored a strike invelving
the 10,000 men, women and chiidren empioyed
lb the dumense plant

What stund the emplovees of the big MeCor-
mick works Will take is not known, bul in spite

 

 

'

i

| of the assertion that unionism has been a deat

| issue there sinee the labor troubles that
brought on the outbreak of anarchy in DMSeA, it

 

is feared discontent may manifest itself there
{ Ajthough the machinists’ strike has spread
Veonsto affeot practical yovery <hopin Chicago,

President James Connell of the Taternational
|} Association of Machini-ts predicted to-night
that the diMeculty would be over in two weeks,
The threatened strike throughout the United

tates and Canada wil protably be avoided,
he declares, in caveofa victory of the union
in Chicago,

 

 

E TROUBLE LOOK!tD FOR’ HERE,

Labor Union Men Say New York Will
Searcely Take Up Chicago's Quarrels,

The reports tothe effect that the widespread

v to start @ sympar

    

strikesin Chicago are!

| thetio movement al! over the country was em*
' phatically denied by the Jabor men in Now
| York yesterday. Like many reports of the

kind that come from the West, the strike story

grows bigger and bigeer until it reaches
New York swollen beyond all recognition
| As a matter of fact the interests of

the organized workingmen here and in Chicago
are identified only in the few caws where a
eontractor has work in Chicago and New York
atthe same time, and even in such cases a
syinpathetic strike is not at all likely, New
York trades unions have got bevond the stage
when they are willing to eymputhic
strikes for sentimental reasons, such as the

order

   

upholding of an alleged principie, Tt ia a fact
also that we 8 1n neariv every trade are
higher in New York than tp Chicago, and beside
allthe builuing tlides are working Under the

eight-hour rule, aod, exeept in the case of in-
tdividual employers, mostof the unions which
hud demands. to make fora new sca @of wages
made thew last iall and got what they asked
for

The only building trade of importance which
jis negotiating with theembplovers af present
for anew wage seale ia thitol the brick iayers,
whose presect pay is Socents an hour, or
higher than union bricklayers as a. rule
are recevving in Chiesgo. The union bricks
layers here demande tl 0 cents an hour avout
a month ! expect toreceive if,

 
 

agoun! The
minimum ot $44 day deman ed by the grant «
cutters allover the eountry is lowerthan the
union Wages of granite cultera in New York,
whehare Staday In short, the lator men
here ook on the idea of anaGonal strike in the

| building trades as the widest Kind ol # dream,
| - —

  

 

| IRON WORKERS’ STLIKE FAILS,

Ffforts of Labor Acitators to Call Out the
Men tn Boston Not Successful,

Boston, March 3.-Tye baekbone of the
jron workers strike has been broken and no
difficulty was experienced to-day by the bridge
and structural contractors here in continuing
their work as usual, Many of the men who

| threatened to go out yesterday morning aud
| join the strikers stuck by their jobs and will
continie todo so
some eighty odd men left work and their num-
bers Were tucreased yesterday by ov a hun-
dred more, At the strikers’ headauarters this
morning there Was an air of disappointment
in piace ot the enthus asmot yesterday, The
fact (a thet the labor agitators that went among
the iron workers who bad nor struck yesterday
and urge {them to do so met with many re-
ftusais, Yesterday moruing thet exvected that
they would beable to persuade 400 to quit
work before night, but ailing in this and find.
ing the strke nol geveral many men went
buck to Work to-day

DISPLNSATION FROM THE POPE,

 

 

Days in Latin America When Catholies
May Fast Without Abstinence From Meat.

March 3.—Pope Leo XIII.

extraortinary dia.
fasting and absti-
nence from meat in favor of Latin
America, which includes Cuba and
Puerto Rico, as well as all South and Central
Am rican countries, He gives the Bishops of
these countries faculties. which they in turn
can give their priests, to dispense from all fast-
ing and abstinence from teat except on afew
days In pace of this, some extra prayers are
to be said and aims given for charitabie works,
The excepted days are: :

Fasting without abstinence from meat is to
he observed on the Fridaysof Advent and the
Weinesdaysof Lent. Both lasting and absti-
benes from meat are to te observed on Ash
Wednesday, on the Fridays of Lent and oo
Holy Thursday, Abstinence from meat with-
out fasting is to be observed on the vigils or
day heiore each of these feasts: Christmas,
Pentecost, Aasumption of Blessed Virgin Mary,
Saints er and Paul, On all the other Pri-
days and Saturdays of che year the Catbolies of
those countries may use meat 7

Unortunately forthe Catholios of the United
States they cannot profit by this dispensation,
Which |. dated July, 184, and published
through the Roman Congregation for Extraor-
dinary Church Affairs.

WASHINGTON,
has recently granted
pensation regarding

Cutler Schoolboys Win at Hockey.

In the Interscholastic hockey series at the
St. Nicholas rink last night the Cutler boys

made rings around their rivals of De
La Saie Institute, beating § them — by
to J, The contest attracted unusual

notice as the teams concerned were tied lor

second place in the League contest. The hon-
ors ofthe evening went to Charley Warren of
the winning team, who scored Ove ofl thp six
goals for his side, '

 

The day befora yesterday |

SSS

|

 

  
 

 

 

41VH TUPICS ARVOT TOWN,

 

A house-owner onthe upper West Side be-
lieves that he has discovered one cause of the
pecullarily rap! | spread of the flames in recent
house fires uptown, which the firemen have
been ata losatoexplain. While his house waa
being built he kept no track of the methods of
the workmen, be.n@ content to satisfy himaelf
at the conclusion that the results were ce
cording toeontract, Last week some of his
steam pipes became deranged and it was nee-
essary forthe plumbers to tace out sectiona of
the dining-room hard-wood floor, Between
the joists wherever the flooring was re-
moved they found masses of shavings und
wood serapings, the moat inflammable mater-
jalimaginable, The carpenters in doing their
work had simply swept the refuse into the
space between the floors ra'her than take the
trou le toelean itout and have it carted away,
\ fireman who was called in to look at the
Interspaces declared that & house with such
floor lining Was nothing less than @ fire-trap,
He did not know of ang law under whieh the
carpenters could be prosecute | unless, pod
albly, toreriminal new igenee. The owner of
the house exten led his investigations to the
other floora, at considerable expense, ant
found the game cond tions allover the house,
He is now trying to trace the men who did the
work,

At a recent dinner George W. Van Siclen,
who has been very prominent in the pro» Boer
movement in this country, tol a story which
in its application wiil convict any persons of
mispronunciation of aname pow In very come
mon use, When Gen. Joubert was here some
years ago, Mr. Van Siclen said, he went to call
on bim at the Brunawick Hotel, having known
him some years before, He asked atthe desk
for Gen, Joubert, giving the French pronun-
ciation, “Zhoobare,” which {s almost always
heard now, The clerk shook his head and sald
that no such gerene was in the hovel, As he
turned away Mr. Van Siclen saw stepping froin
the elevator the big, bearded Boer so dier, and
hastened over to him, After the greeting the
Amer can said:

“Why, General, they {uss to'd me at the deak
that you were not staying here, They didn't
koow your name.” "

“What name did you inquire for me by?
asked the General, and his caller told him,

“No wonder the clerk didn’t revognize me
under that name,” sail the Boer. “You must
have forgotten our former meeting. My naine
isand always has been Joubert,” and he gave
ft the Dutch pronunciation according to its
spelling, “Jowbert.” “You see.” he continued
“Lam not regtetered and the clerk only knows
my name from having heard it apoken.”

Thereafter Mr. Van Biclen used the Dutch
propncenee in introducing Gun. Joubert to

ia friendaand tothis day uses tin speaking
ofhim, But he usually has to stopand exe
plain to an audience who {t {9 that he means.

“This has been a curious season in regard to
ilInesa,” said @ visiting physician of one of the
large hospitals, talking toa group of his fellows
afew daysago,. “Upto the new year there was
very little {!inese of any kind. Then came what
seerned altnost like an epidemic of pneumonia
i can keep track of these things not only
among my own and the hospital patients, but
also among the trained nurses. Well, up to
January the nurses were iu despair, Some of

them hadn't made room rent. I remember
that just before Christmas I had oeeasion to go
to a nuree’s boardinghouse, Nine tra‘ced |

nurses lived there when they were not on duty

 

and [found e gat of tha pine waiting for cases,
Three weeks later | was atthe same house and
there was t one young woman there and
she had n back (o get her elothas,
as ehe had @ omee that would keep
her or severe Weeks Most of | those
exsee were poeumonia, and many of them
were soung Chiidren. cCromthat time to this
it has been hard to geta trained purse, Tye

 

pholl bas cade its appearance to some exe
tent, and that with the pneumonia and the
regular demeod for nurses has tuiled the
mie to an warming extent. But though
the nurses are making money there ts one
feature of the present demand that is hard on
them. A nurse hates as much asa doctor to
lose aw ease, and in pneumonia she vounts
for ca omuch as the doater, for eare is
fully half the battle, This pear the pneumonia
ras be of a very fatal type. Patients ron
no Ft irom atip aie eee ee re

fight the disease, If 1 were on the
Bowd of Health T would have advertisements
put up adviaing the pubsae of the prevalence of
this disease and advising it to keep its feet dry
and its chest a equately covere!, Such pla-
Is would pay for tham elves in the decrease
of hosp tal cases, Of course we have pneu
monta every vear, but we are unable to & teet
the conditions which precede the curbreaka,
and Lado not remember anaher year where it
has come so suddenly aud of so virulent a
type.”

 

  

That curious tendensy ofthe human epecies
to turn from right to left in walking, explained
onthe ground that the right side of the body
hasahigher museniar development than the
jeft, has a curious exemplification in eity
churches, if the observation ofan usher in one

of the Fifth avenue churches are based on fact. |
“! base potieed for a lung time” says this
young man, “that two out of every three |

strangera coming to our chureh will make tor |
the jeft gallery Asthere is no choice tu the

galieries in respect to light, afr, or comfort
this nuzzied me. At first LT econauded it |
wus chance, until the proportion seemed

beyond that, Then Tstudied the matter from
the doorway and onserved that those who do
go into the lett gallery do #0 without any pause
or hesitation as if it were the natural thing to
while the strangers who take the right
gallery almo-t invariably teeter on the thresh.
hold as if undetermined which wayto turn
This iodieates plainly enough that the turning
tothe Jeft is a matterinstinet. T have talked
with nshers from other churches and they tell |

}

of this forthe casual chure
'
|

 

me that it is always the left wallery that fils up
firat, The moral
goer is to turn to tho right and he'll get a

better peat.”

 

DURHAM TOBACC) CQ IN TROUBLE,

Recelver Appointed Because of a Populist
Minority Stockholder’s Plans,

Rarer, N. C., March 3.-—Thea Blackwell
Durham Tobacco Company, which is capitalized
at «$4,000,000, was thrown Into the
hands of a receiver to-day at the instance of
the American Tohaceo Company, which owns
u large majorityof the stock, Judge Simonton
of the L nited states Cireult Court at Charleston
appointed as receiver P. 8, Hill, Presi- |
dent of the Blackwell company, Ceorgs
Arents, Treasurer of American Tobacea Com- |
pany, together with other officers, instituted
the action. The American Tobacco Company |
aska forthe sale of the Blackwell company to |
the nigheast bidder and the distribution of the |
proceeds among the shareholders so as to
wind upthe business of the company

This action is taken because of the an-
nenneed intention of oneof the minority stock.
holders to make oppiiecation to the Legislature
for a repeal of the charter of the Diackwell
eompany, alleging a violation of Trust
Major W. A, Guthrie oo Durham, the
Poontist eantitate for Governor, purchased
this share of stock for $l and is causing the
trouble. [t is understood that the American
company will be the purchaser if the sale is
ordered,

Ihe complaint recites that the American
company has offered $2,800,000 for the Black-

laws,

late

 

we! ympany, but that the sale cannot be
le beeau yf oonoesition ty minority stock.
ders. Jodge Simonton will hear a moton

 

April 17 (0 appoint a permanent receiver,

on
The factory will be kept running

CRACK SHOTS AT CARTERET,

 

J. G. Dutcher Wins a Fifteen Bird Contest
for the Barker Silver Plate,

There was a lar@e gathering of wing shote at
the grounds of the Carteret Gun Club near
Garden City yesterday, and several handi-
cap sweepstakes were decided. The most
important event was for @ special prize
of silver plate, presented by George A. Barker,
a former President of the Cobweb Gun Club,
lt was at fifteen birds, $15 entrance. A high

wind blew from the west, making ail the birds
drivers, and misses were therefore frequent

It was aaspfrited race. For a time it jooked
as though Jack Ellison would win. but he
missed In the ninth and filteenth rounds,
leaving |. G. Dutcherand H..G. Roberta tied
forthe jead, In the shoot-off both lost their
firat birds, and on Roberts losing his next
Dutcher won by grassing an easy right quar-
terer

There were a number of other cup and
seer pstake ev nts. In the first of these, an
allowance affair, the money was divided be-
tween J. A. H. White and I. £. Emerson, while
Gs. MeAipin took the cup on the shoot-off,
kiloog nineleen outol twen'y-one | irds

A miss-and-out affair handicap rise was dl
vided between White (26 yards, Welch (31
yards) and Gordon (26 yards),

Aneven distance sweep, all at 30 yarda, fol-
lowe ,in which the money was aplit up be-
tween Waich, Emerson and Beaver.

This was followed by another handiteap, in
which Roberta, knerson, aad Monay divided,
atter killing Ave each. hen came aitoudie,
birishootin which the old-time crack, J. 8
Wi Jiains, divided with MeAlpin, each killing
their pairs,

The floal cup event was won by Roberts,
with the only straight score of 6,

YOU PRACIICA LY RUN NO RISK,

As the chances are very mach more than favor-
avle tor filling your Hotel or Boarding House
with desirable patrons if you ; lace your advere
tising In THe Sun's columhs.—Ade,

 

| but go to her performance

forers
food co bulld different parts of the body, when

ofthe wheat and barley kernels, aud

EE

 

 

 
   

 

I Se

The Chief Justice of Samoa Says

 

 

Perunais The VeryBestCatarrh Cure.

  

  
 
 
 
 

IE

 

r=]

|
Fa 3 | |
SN

y

oT i {hs

TTT]
” 4

CHIEP
JUSTICB
i CHAMBERS
STD,
ie...

  
  
  
 

a
}

 
 

4 ; ®

  

Court Rorm Scen> where Ju’g2 Chambers m intui sed the sunramacy of the United States in Samoa,

In a recent letter to the Peruna Medicine Co,, Chief Justice Chambers says the following of Peruna:

“1 have tried one bottle of Peruna, and I can truthe
fully say it is one of the best tonics I ever used, and I
take pleasure in recommending it to all sufferers who are

in need of a good medicine.

I can recommend it as one

of the very best remedies for catarrh.”’

On December 31, Chief Justies William
Lee Chambers, a native of Georgia, held
court in Apia, Samoa, and told the stalwart
natives and the German and English and

   

 

Helena Modjeska and Cissie Loftusin ‘The
Ladies Battle.”'

It is seldom that Scribe and Legouve’s comedy,

“The Ladies’ Battle, is performed in English
Helena Medjeska bad never made use of it in
New York before yesterday afternoun, when

she produced it at the Fifth Avenue Theatre
Of the two women who battle for the safety of a
proscribed young officer, who is hiding in their
house disguised as a lackey, the greater actress
played the aunt, who loves the fellow, butin re
quital gains his grati eonly She diditbrightly
brilliantly

  

in the manner of an
old-style comedienne it wast npossible
for her to seale her age down to the thirty five
years fixed be the authors, and so he

al times even

Of course

rT amorous

regatd for a man of twenty five bad an unin-
tentional but inevitable aspect) of absurd.tys
But her acting was Interestingly illustrative

of the stiff and formal dramatic art of the past
in contrast with the pliant and easy naturalism
ofthe present Her distinguished air and courtly

| grace were reminders of theatrical methods no

longer ago than Lester Wallack, John Gilbert
and Mme. Ponisi, but which are already almost
lost to the stage, and which few wish to find
They are missed only when an old comedy is
fevived, and Cissie Loftus’s participation in “The
Ladies’ Buttle” indicated that this artifi
celal piece, with tis carefully contrived intrigue,
would be better entertainment if given in a brisk
easy, offhand manner, Miss Loftus gaveacharim
of spontaniety to the utece which
favorably with the premeditatedness of the aunt
On the other hand, John E Kellerd as the halt
brave, half cowardly suitor, and Perey Winter
as the unwilling persecutor, adhered loyally to
the traditions, and were both happy in results
Mme. Modjeska is still a great actress, but her
fame holds over to a period of newer and better
stagecraft, to which she cannot and need not
conform. She is a sufvivor from what in regretor
derision are sometimes called the palmy days
She sho
r ected allogetber In the Scribe
terday she Was an exponent of the fine old
vanner of stiff and stilted comedy; so she may
have seemed obsolete in such a role as we are
accustomed to see enacted inca spirit Bf realism;
of Lady Macbeth to
morrow and you will approve her method, because
we have not yet accepted anything different in
Shakespearean tragedy
Cissie Loftus is a puzzling creature Her
mimicry, from that of May Irwin and Dan Daly
in comie songs to that of Sarah Beruhardt in
emotional frenzy, has a manner of perfect con
fidence. Her shy and demure entrances and
exits for these imitations have been taken, per
haps generally, as false protenes of modesty sut
ner acting in “The Ladi s ! attes” su-tained a
belief in the genuineness of her diffidence, She
was nervous and seared, or else she is a rascally
little deceiver, and it is unlikely that she would
let affectation mar an essay so important to her,

even

contrasted

 

plece” yes

 

 

 

ote thstanding her long experience before
auc @ ces she had the emall uncertainties and
pertucbations of an amateur These defects

were notdamaging inthe roleof a ginleless maid
en, however, and may have passed with uneritical
observers as part of what she meant to de She
was adequate to the nt severe demands, and
s naively pretty that to lock at her was to ad
mire. Lf her performance Was merely a start
forward as 4 legitimate actress, she may become
valuable out ide of vaudeville, If it was the
best that she canever give, sie never can command
one quarter the salary in a dramatic theatre that
she earns in @ music hall,

Calve Re'urns To-day.

Mile. Calvé {s to return to this city to-day and

wil] be heard fir-tat the Metropolitan Opera
House on Wednesday in Faust,”

Seientific research discovers that the if
that make intelligent selection from
ready to buld and rebuild the brain, av Ze
upon the delicate partices of Phosjhute of
Potash, wh ch is furnished in certa n port!

 
  

this element into active vibration uses i te
amalgainate with albumea,

ld be admired as much as possible, and *

| The slightest deranvemant of these fragile
| vessels leads to what is known as catarrh,
Hon. J. E. Macias, recent postmaster at
Porto Rico, in a letter from 1417 K street,

 

   
 

|
|

 

W. L. Chambers.

Peruna is aspecitie in its operation upes
the mucnous meimn-
brane, It isa tonie
Which strikes at the

 

  

  

American residents why they shou d all ree) N. W., Washington, D. C., says rooteof alleatarrhal
gard Malietoa Tanu as King, instead of | “As a native born Cuban, serving as post: | affections, tt gives
recogn zing the rival claimant, Mataafa.) master in Porto | tone to the minute
The triai hud lasted eleven days; Sanoan Rico, T contracted | blood vessels and
genealogies, customs, titles, and practices yellow fever and! the terminal nerve
had been examined and diseussed; and | have been suffering | fibres, Catarrh ean
finally the Chief Justice decided that Tann, from the ill efeets | notexistlong where
who was the son of the late King Malletoa, of that dreadful | Perana is ueed in
and who, by the gift of the people, had been disease since my re- | teliigentiv. Per A
endowed with the name of Malietoa, was | turn home. T'was | se k= out eatarrh in
the duly eleeted King. ’ advised by a friend | all the hidden parts
A tonic is a medicino that gives tone to touse Peruna and oof the body. When
some part of the system, There are differ- I an Speas in u 8 Peruna, the great
ent kinds of tonies, but the toenle most | highest terms of tonic, is used, the
needed in th’s country, where eatarrh is so your remarkasle mueious imem-, Hon. John W, Neff,
| prevalent, isatonie that operates on the inedicine, Tfvel ike branes of the whole County Auditor for
mucous membran 8 @ new man and | body are strength Buffalo, N.Y.
| . ‘ shall take pleasure |! ened ali 4 recommends
Smina le me | Mion, J, E, Macias, re- Lt EDR Me * lacing a. ,
Perunaisatonic to the mucous mem- pau, BEAGIAM, FS* ie  Kooommendina tt | tare ; Veruna.
branes of the whole body Tt wives tone to oontt sot” at eli sd elect ely mee an linposst- ; Ha
the capillary circulation whieh constitutes a I aMicted, It aa Hi a Phiten ha : =
these deleate membranes, . rons, ant . in Aus no rivals, no substitutes.
’ , te AG , one, and ' Is but one selentifie, systetio cae
Every organ of the human body is lined | every way a wonderful medicine, Persia tarrh remedy, and that is Peruna
with mucous membraues. This membrane isa remedy for catarrh which has become Address The Poruna “Medicine Co Co
is made up, prine paliy, of a deleata net> | of national importance, It has the reeord . lumbus, O. for a haat treatin of catarrh
work of minute blood vessels and nerves, | of the greatest catarrh remedy of the age injisd ferent phases and ante ”
A SCRIBE COMEDY, THE OPERA, |

THEATRICAL NOTES,

amen and Dippel Heard in Lohengrin’ | Pdwin Knowles to Have a Theatre -Fifth

Vesterday Afternoon,

“Lohengrin,” beloved of thea matinée naudi-
j enee, was the bill at the Metropolitan Opera

House yesterday afternoon,and in consequence
the attendance was large, Asif the popu arity
of the opera were not sufficient to insura a
generous public reaponse, Mme. Fames's lowe! y
impersonation of Aisa waato be heard, It was
especialy deserving of the deseription lovely
at yesterday's matindée, for the singer had at-
tired herself in ase? of costumes designed by
her busband to fit the character of the opera
and herown physival beauty, Consequently,
she was the oceasion of greater visual enjoy-
ment than usual

Her -’sa is sufficiently stately with the dig-
nityofa Princess, and her rather cold maiden-
liness sa phase of her interpretation of the
rdle which is very charming In her hands, even
if in others there would be cause for com.
Vaint that shea wns lack ne in warmth, Mme

ames's £/sa is strong In the suggestion of the
poetic phase of the character, She seems a
vecitabl+ Princess Lointaine, and doubtless
she aveemed a figure out o’ some fairy legend
to many of the young women in the audiences,
An! it was essentially an saudiance of young
women, They crowded the lobbies during the
intermissions, hung over the rails at the rear
of the orchestra seats, and sat on the floor
when th were too exhausted for any other
posture of attention,

M. Diprel was a Lohengrin worthy of asao-
ejation with Mine. Eames in the romantie in-
terestofthe audience, He sang well, although
his voice licked resonance and his legato wae
netalithat it might be. He acted with dig-
nity and was an herofe flgure. This is not
always true of M, Dippel and it is agreeable to
reeord that he was yesterday handsome in
aprearance and knight'y in action

E lounrd de Reazke, who now singsat nearly
every performanee, was nocin good voice, and
it is ecarcely to be expected that he should be,
Theodore Bertram has a beautiful, natural
voice which he dovs not use well, and his. 7?/-
ramunad is, dramatically, insignifleant. Mime,
Olitzsa sang Orfewde and Herr Mubimann was
the flerad, Emit! Pant eonducted the orches-
tra with admirable sympathy aud enthusiasm

SEMI RICH AS

 

 

  

    

 

“GILDA.”

The Soprano Appears for the First Time
This Season in Rigoletto.”

Mme. Sembrich as Gilda in “Rigoletto” was
the attraction that served last nightto crowd
the Metropo iten Opera House. The distin-
guished Polish soprano has not been heard be-
fore this year inthe role, and had not indeed
sung at oneof the popucar performances, Her

singing was as brilliant.as usual. It seems
ony necessary to record that her volee was
never fresheror more luscious in quality. Her
phrasing in “Cara Nome,” the exquisite beauty
o her florid vocalization, and the intense feel.

Avenue to Be Given Over to Vaudeville.

Fdwii Knowles, the manager of the Fifth
Avenue, isto have a new theatre,which will ba
buitthissummer. Some capitalists have put
upthe thoonoyend the work of construction will
he Un fs soon as a site is definitely set
ted en. Two sites on Broadway are now

under consideration, The theatre will be
Opened next seeson, probably, and will be run
othe sane lives as the Fifth Avenue since
Mr now es took control there,

Poe Poth Avenue is to be turned into @
vodevile house next fall under the direction
© -t. 7. Pregtor, Continuous performances
Ww! be given,

Mande Adams finished
Prosperous enwmagementin "The Little Min tae
ter’ oat the Crterion last night. She has
played Jady Brbhie nearly eeven hundred
times The audience was enthusiastic and
demanded a speech, which she deelined to
hake. Twenty floral pieces were sent fo her
but were not shown in the lobby, as such dige
piav is pot allowed at Frohman theatres,

Helena Modjesk sas was expected, positively
refused the large offer that was made to her to
enter vaudeville, She will make a sitght
change {n her programme forthls week. In-
stead of uaing “Macheth’ every night she and
hereonmpany will play “The Ladies’ Battle” on
Friday evening.

her exceptionally

Singers’ Gift to Maurice Gran.

An interesting function {sto take place toe
day in the foyerin the second floor of the Met-
ropolitan Opera House, Maurice Grau is to ree

celve from the artists of the operacompany @
diamoud cross in the form delivered to bim by
the French Academy last summer when he
nas decorated withthe Legion of Honor, All
the principal singers of the company will be
present,

Epes's Remains Arrive ta
Petersburg. Va.

Petersacns, Va, March 3 —The remains of
the |at‘e Congressman Sidney P. Epes, who died

Congressman

' in Washington this morning of appendicitis,

ing . ith which she vitalizel every note of
this conventional number were marvellous
1 be “a grent achievement |

she does the merely vocal aide of

 

 

old-fashioned music, But Sembrich
does more and by herown musicaland dra-
matic genius makes the most tawdry eolora- |
ture human, ‘To this achievement on the
voral side must be adted her touchingly |

pathetic an lartiste oe ing, whieh reaches the
highest polntot dramatiy effectiveness on the
Ivriestawe Theaucdience was viclentlyen hua-
jast'o, recalled ther rima donna repeate ily and
auceeeded in) hearing mioat of the opera tn
which she was coneeroed twice over
| M. seotti’s place in “Rigoletto” waa taken by
Sig. Campanari, whosang the role as well as
| he did betore and acted it with aa little intelii-
aenee and distinetion, Mme Salignae was a
| capable tro elioand Mme. \antellisane Mad-
Tebna in her usual manner, Sig. Bevignani
conducted

 

This new com bination is carriad by the blood
toa parts ofthe body and ia anaorbed by the
nerve cen'ers and bran, to rebulid the de icate

el of whieh brain ismade, and which must be
renewed every day asthe brain is used,

Tae of hrain burns up and destroys amal!
roe so! it, whieh must be rebuilt or “brain

ag" reaults
That's the story and that is why Grape-Nuts

5

ani were met as
large delegation of clti-

delegation from Black«
home of the dead Con-
gressman, also arrived here to-night
and met the remains. The body was accom-
panied from Washiagton by the committees of
the two houses of Congress. The widow was

also in the party. The body was taken from
the 'epot to Tabb street Presbyterian Choreh,
from whieh church the funeral will take place
to-morrow morning at 30 o'cloek,

A jurge delegation trom the State Legislature
Willarrive here inthe morning to attend the
funeral, After the funeral the remains will be
taken to Blackstone and the interment will be
in Lakeside Cemetery.

here to-night
by a
lurge

arrived
the depot
zens A
stone, the Ine

Former Well-Known Negro Minstrel Dies
in Poverty.

Crvcrynatt, Mare) 3.—-Elward G. Stanley.
40 years old, 4 violinist, was found dead in bed
in his room onthe thirdstory of East Ninth
street to-day. He was very poor. He had
heen in his room since early Friday afternoon.
Nanley isan old minatrel performer formerly
connected with the Barlow Brotheraand hia
home wasin New York city. He had been tn
poor health for over a year. For some time
past he eked out an existence playingin the
‘rag-time” saloons,

 

 

 

BOARD AND ACCOMMODATION AS AP
AOME

Is ‘iMcult to find Ina lage city. Such places,

though, pre to be found advertised in THe

Sun. Adv,

 

fond {a made and made of tha selected parta of
wheat and barley that furnish Phosphate of
Potash, This food

Does Build the Brain
Grape-Nut« can be had of any first-class gro-

cer, Mato at the gue food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co.,Ltd, Battle Creek, Mick.