"

CHY NOW ROBBED LEGALLY

COMPTROLLER SAYS THERE'S WHOLE,
SALE THER AND FRAUD,

Tvecd Did Not Know How to Steal ina
Respectable Way and THe Was Caught
Me. Coler Complains That Mr. Whalen
Wont Help Step Respectable Thieving,

Comptroller Coler added something yester-

@ay to hie speech of tha alght before in Wil-
Hamsburg, ag reported in yesterday’s Sux, He
all;

"Nobbery of thee'ty of New York is now per-
fectly legal, Tprepared uod sentto Albany a bill
that would aavethe city from wholesae theft
@ndiraud;a bill providing that persons selling
BUppiles to the cepartments shall prove that
they are not charging more than the market

price. My ' ill wou dostop legalized robbery
Wher [have held up bills and claims because
the prices charged for go vis were far beyond

the market price for such articles, the Corpora.

tlon counse! said that he had no defence and
must confess judgment, My bill would give
him a croondof defence and stop the robbery
ofthe city, but as soon us it is introduced he

hurries to Albany to de vat it.

Lhiscity has been robbed outrageously in
the purchase of supplies, and Lam now power.
less to preventit. There is a concerted moves
mint to prevent the Finance Department from
protecting the city treasury, We have held up
nay bills here, and in some cases the parties
have accepted large reductions because their
claims were so fraudulent thoy dared not go
into court, although they could have recovered
the full amount under existing laws and rul-
figs When I tind that the city has bean
charged doulle the market rate for an articla
Tinust prove fraud or there ie no defence and
the Corpora 1 hee, Will confess ju la.
ment. To prove fraud and tribery is a very
dgiealt matter

(instead of relying

YORK,

NEW

Rroohlun Advertisements, |

Why Not
Purchase a

PIANO

With a Reputation

upon your own

judgment? Often times one’s own

influenced by environments that have |

' judgment is unreliable, as you may be |
|

 

“In onve the city paid $500 for aafes.
he Mayor o! Mount Vernon asked for bids for
Wy a rg tl ame sate. They were offerod

1 lor $3 I, tutthe city of New York patd
au seve could not prov: fraud When
carpe t awe purchased, instead of goog toa
rep! » house, there are cases Where curpeta
wore purchased from an auctioneer at $1.25 |
f yard, When the sane goo ls eouid have been |

htinopen moerketfor SS8 cents. The late!
\ t \ we 1 was caught because he did

know how to ste a respectable way. |
hen ‘i robbery of the city seems to Le quite |
respectable

Yhe proposed T tamapo job and the eon-
tinnat n ot tegalt red rol abe ty are, Weree than |
a 2 att t y d, The Ci il |
bervice law fy ts taker ‘away m iat of ‘the pi itr Bs
age of a; pointiments, but [t l« easy to subsidiz
th sands fren ly a proper distribution oF

the purehase of s upp le lots of less than

$1,000 Under present eonditions I may
be alle to slic W that Prices charged are |
doul.ethea market rate, but if the sellers are |

Wiiing to sue [ must prove fraud or cor.
nminthe transae 1,or the city has no
defenea The bi! [have sent to Albany wil!
if passed, place upon the person selling goods
to the ¢ ty the burden uo: proof that the pisces
charge: t are not above the m Such
@ ineasure would stop the | very of
the city

ike? rate
swalized robt

WHALIN TAKES COLER CALMLY,

Bays That Bad Bills Will Be Killed and
That the Comptrolle:'a Unduly Excited,

Corporation Counsel Whalen came back from

 

  

Albany yesterday, having apent most of the |
woek in missionary work against the bills ad- |
voonted by Couptr Yer Cor Mr Wh rsaid |
that 1.51 bois affeeting this ety had been in-
troduced in the present Leg s.ature |
“There are men in every Legisiature who
would mulet the city if the opportuaity of-
fered,” sold Mr, Whalen yesterday. ‘But what
can memiers of that ine'ination accomplish
with a Governor like Roose.eit and a Mayor |

like Van Wy-k?) Each has

Copsistently vetoed

every bad bill thet came hefore him, They con
be depended ups ntodo their duty as they have
done it, Cor re Her Coleris unduly exe ted,” |

tr. Wha mn ndeea tha the Mayor would aps |

Prove the lie amapo Repeal Lils ifthey came bee

fore hin,

 

 

City Claims Yesterday 6,032.38,
The cial

ms fii d against the city yesterday |

es ler the me vallit g-rate-of- wages. r ’
unted to $A.08. ina te tal to date si1.ce |

Jan. 1, LMU, ie 8.2 30,382, 25, |
PXCITING TIMEs IN COTTON,

A Kise of $3 a Bale tn Liverpool Within
48 Hours and New York Soaring.

 

In response to a wild market in Liverpool,
where prices within fortyeeigh? hours have ad-
vaneed neavly $5 a bale on the near months,
New York quotationa ran up yesterday 21 to 25
points while tha next ero) roses) to 14. The
Li erpoo! rise was due to three big failures
anooug “short” operators on the Continent,
and tears of trouble aniong some of the smaller
bears ta Liverpool Furthermore the sales on
he -pot there rose to 12.000 bales, as Lanca.

 

| in perfect repair and newly finished.

6hirespinners have become alarmed over the
sudlen visy in Liverpool und the Americana
Wievke's

liere wase vot bity 1g by Liverpool opera-
t is 4 sath roo and outside |
1 Wall 8 t was aA heavy
Fe ‘ patti g the sales by one house as |
h bales, which would make a !
to pa week of fully 250,000
' sales sold} ivily to realize
preits g prices we ry near
the tor wing a netris the day of 17 0 |
1s \ Near MONT ¢ ini to loon the x!
er M ndedat tht, tol, a 1 May a
Hibs 3), Aust $).30 to 0 Land Sepre mher
4 +48 Private despat ‘nes from Liver-
1 saithat Furopean vort b marenents Ere
' scares x itt ne vi! addy “od he,
m id showed no unxtety to aa even on
the rise Afior | hangs May suid at U4Le,,
wi August touc a0. :

INSPECTING PRIVATE CHARITIES,

Btate Board and State Ald at Agreement,
Mr. Gerry Not Appeoring.

Cadwalader and Lewis L. Delafield,
ute Charities Aid Assocla-
tion, and Commissioner Fugene A, Philbin,
representing the State Boar. of Charities, held
aconferencein Mr Cadwalacer’s offlee@ at 40

John L
Feprese.ting the &

Wal! street yesterday afternoon to make clear
the State Boara’s attitude toward the inspec.
tion of private Institutions Homer Folks,
George F, Cantield of the state Churities Asso-

Giution and Robert Hebberd, Secretary of the
Bta » Toard, we or nt, Mr Vhilbin said

 

   

al the meeting that every thioag had been
eal timed satiati tor ly he State Board only
ee mdathe sr f it thug ins
since it is na way helt pe
the condition, the right of calling attention
to the evils found on such inspection The
ren ty ewisue? represented atthe |
erat an* judging trom 4 circular sent
> Me Ge wry to the various private charities
oY, ough t State asking them
aga ual 1¢@, control and ¢
onthey State board, it nain- |
taina its hi ) attitude, Dhoe vireular met |
ich Little response,
Jersey Unions Pit Bates, |
The Hudson County Building Vrades Coun. |
ej), r presenting 8.000 union meehanites, net |

yesterday and adopted the wing aa the
union wages and conditions in the trade
aMiiated with the eounes ‘ arpenters 4 a |

 

 

day for eight hour Dp 1 ntera 17h for eight
hou plumbers, 83. or ¢ ight ! rs
lat) ; Be for cht u n ;
wore , J for ef th irs 1s Atanl tes
‘ ! ok ear seided thatal! the ems
P wa should be notified that eur be
the union wages.
Vaid All His Father's Debts,
Crtceaco, Mareh 3,—Simon B. Chapin of this
eity has paldin fullin the last few days all the
Cains against Pfs father, the late L, D Chapin,
a Lourd of Trade operator, who met with busi-
Dese reverses man’ years ago, owing hetween
$37 OY and $40,000, after ne had given t

las el to lia reditors. Mr. Chapin was
| no obligation to assume his father
ti 1 Was a bor when his father
! All the elacms bad been outlawed years
a.
Gov. Tancer Has a Setback,
RINGFIFELD, UL. Mareh &.—Gov. Tanner
au rod a relapse yesterday. However, his
plivs vars say there is nothing alarming in bis |
condition, Dr. J, N. Dixon, his attending phy-
i suid to-day that the relanse was caused
br an atempt of the Governor to eat solid food
@iler Going weil on a divt of liquids,

; plished strictly upon their own merits

no direct bearing on the piano you }
prefer,

Sterling Pianos

have stood the test of time and satisfied
2 most critical public. Although more
than 127,000 Sterling instruments have
been made and sold (which is a greater
number than that of any other piano
wanufacturer’s) it has been accom.
ind because the public preferred a
STERLING,

STERLINGS

are the embod ment of all that is good
and modern known to the piano
maker’s art, |

Good Pianos —

There are many good makes and an
endiess number of poor and unreliable |
makes,

Investigate those of known merit,
test them thoroughly and let the OLD
and RELIABLE

STERLING

be among the first.
You will tind in it all the good that
your friends and we claiin for it,

Art Pianos

There are some unique designs in
Natura! Mahogany, White Mahogany,
Rosewood, English Oak and Fancy |
Walnut.

Some are beautifully tnlatd, others |
are richly carved and some are of the |
**Old Coiontal’’ siyle.

Special Offering

of used pianos of our own and other
well-known makes, at greatly reduced

prices,
3 Grand Pianos

 

 

Prices low—terms easy.
Better see them.

{2 Upright Pianos
Some are better than new cheap}
piunos—all are good, They look like |
ne Vv.
Prices from $75, $100 to $150,
Terms as low as $5.00 per month.

THE STERLING
PIANO CO.,

MANUFACTURERS.
Wholesale and Retail Warerooms
(Entire butlding, four floors),

536 FULTON ST., Brooklyn.

Open Monday and Saturday Evenings.
Look for the name STERLING,

SMOKY
FIREPLACES

MADE TO DRAW OR NO CHARGE,
Framinaton 8 Es imates Free
os--W, a W. Astor, Jus. H. Choate, White
t rpominent people.
wane " y 4! hinney Expert,’’
rooklyn, Nv. Tel. 1015 Main,
a nee Sundays and Wrdnesdays.

 

 

meperenc

law ft
wou
216 Fultor

This de

 

WUST DIVIDE WITH HIS DAUGHTERS,

 

Court Cuts Of Half HU. C, Woodruff's In-
come From a $45,000 Trust Fund,

Isabel G, Woodrut!, who has just turned her
majority, left the home of her father, Henry 0.
Woodruff, in Washington place on Jan, 1, 1896,
after differences between thein,and went tolive
with her marred sister, Mrs, hachelS, Wells, at
Pigabeth, N.J. Mr. Woodruff has not eon-
tributed to the maintenance of Is :bel since she
left nis home, and contending that he was
cbliged to doso under the will of his father,
Amos Woo'ruff, she brought an actionin the
Supreme Court to construe the will and recover
future income and uirears

The income of $45,000 was left by the will of
Amos Woodrull ‘to ny son, Henry © Woodruff,

somuchof the sume a4 wi! be necessary
for the proper support an? main'enance of
Himself and hiaeni! dren and for the aeducution
of his ehildrea during the life of Hevry €,
Woodruff.” Henry ©. Woodruff’s children
yera to get the principal on hisdeath, This
fund amounta to $45,000

The Couctd loa thit as the children no
joun@er remain nu ut ler the samner rut with their
father he isentitted to but half of the income
end t hat the o th r half shall be divided among |
his ree ug! 4

Thee irt revitie a Henry ©, Woolruff to
count to his laughter Isahe for a sixth of t .
nome from the time she left his home and to |

wount for another sixth to his taught ,
We'ls, from the time she le't to be marrta: |
arrears are miowed to Mrs. Kate W o'ward |

who did not plead in the ease, bu future

ach of the three daughters is A rec elivea
sixth of the income

 
  

 

 

 

Mail Wagon Driver Accused,
George MeFlroy, driver of a post office mail
wagon Letween atation Vandthe Ganeral Post
Mee, waa held veeterday by Comm{ssioner

 

| Shields for examination on & charge of steal.

ing the locks from two United States mail
huss. Supt, Furong of sti atic V reported the
toss Of the dock ym time ago 4 search
diseavered the misaing lock 1 drawer in
McE!roy’s bedroom at 2b Second avenue,

 

Officers of the Salmagundt Club,

Ssalmagundi
H. MeCord

At the annual meeting of the
10 on Feiday night Mr.
‘rod Presidant te succeed Mr, A, T. Van
ot yer « oe eected were Bruce |
President; Wo TL Shelton, Reeord-
zg Secretary; J 4 ‘Phom paon, |
eratary an 1 low ph Hart ley. Tre
Georwe # ravior suce eds Mr Sat nual
ha rman of the H yuge Com. ttoe

George

 

rrespording
isurer, Mr,
T. Shaw

Appeal in the "Cou Tax Case,

}
'
Instruetions from Washingt o have been
receive? by the United Stites District Ate
torney here to appeal ‘rom th» devision of
Judge Lacombe of the, Unite ed States Cireult
Court whieh held that “calls nh stocks are
free from the revenue tax. The sult was
hrouzht by Stephen V, White, to recover tax
paid under protest, |

CEES queen EEE ee

Chari

a

SUNDAY, _MARCIL 1

Women’s Shoe Savings.

Two and three dollars a pair to
besaved on these Women’s Shoes

and they are not stock that we have
had ditticulty in selling either. For
years we have carried the same
lines and the testimony of the
thousands who have worn and are
wearing them might be called to
Show that they give perfect satis
faction.

Coltsikin, box calf and dull dongola are
the leathers, the linings, kid and drill,
Some have inner soles of cork, some of
cushion felt. Some kee, some button.
They are made over a tull English broad
toe last with extension soles and low heels,
Water-proof, as nearly as a shoe can be
and hot prove clumsy, Coltskin espe-
cially has been proved by experience to

Stay soft and easy on the feet, no matter
what the wetting, and to require no
polishing,
900 pairs of this sort of shoes are here
now ‘and must leave quickly. The prices
will hurry them, Regularly they bring
$3.90 an d $4.90 pair, To-morrow they
WH BO DPCEA EE Cisy cess sacurcers $1.90

Second a or, New Bullding.

A Queer Sale of Parasols,

Here isa bit of the inside his-
tory of clever store keeping, Some
Satin striped tafteta silks in new
and pretty patterns were sold in
our Silk Store a month ago at ex-
traordinarily low prices. Our
parasol buyer saw his chance and
bought very largely. Sv, too,
did a number of New York para.
so] makers, Their finished prod-
uct is being wholesaled now for
$3.75 —which means a retail price
of about $4.75.

The silks bought by our parasol
man have also been used in covers
ing parasols, which will go on sale
to-morrow. The retailer’s proiit,
however, and even a slice off the
wholesaler’s is saved to the pur-
chaser here, for the purasols, in.
stead of $4.75, are priced at 33.45

Made quite as well as the $4.75
sort and covered of course with
the same silks. French cut coach-
ing style, finisned with white bone
tips and fine natural wood handles,

Main floor, fromt,

Boys’ Clothes Low Priced.

But low pricing is not every-
thing, or even of consequence
unless the qualities are right.
(Qualities, styles and prices are
right here—must be to keep up

the 1eputation of the Clothing
Store. Everything for man and
boy. Notice some of the specials

that absolutely would be talked
about :

First, some bovs’ sailor blouse Suits, in
snappy Spring tyles. Th y are of all
wool, fast cOlur Serge avy, brown or
royal blue, Correctly « ut, « course, in

ngle or double Sees style and
shed with a silk embroidered
shield and a handsomely

either si
richly fini
white serge

trimme d ee lar. Sizes 3 to 42 years,
They are did $6.00 values; indeed it
would be ha nd to ~ them at many

places for that price. Clouse here at $4.45

Boys’ spring Top Coats of tan covert or
dark Oxford cheviot are here too, cut in
the single breasted box style and tinished
with lapped seams, velvet collar, satin
sleeve lining and narroy w culf of the ma-

terial. They are durably lined, ilt-
less in fit and jaunty ii appearance. Sizes
$ to 16 years. Uncommonly good v.lue
Mis cee beevirrerviesvoseererises $4.65

Of the Caps there are Tam o’Shanters —
spring styles—made of plain, fast color,
navy blue cloth, with black silk ribbon
band and silk serge lining. A good 7Se,
WOTHT OE cecs sess 48c,

Then there is acomplete line of Boys’
Spring Top Ccats, even including the
popular raglan, but space forbids more
than a mention,

Becond floor, rear,

The “Commodore” Reefer.

No short coat for misses was ever de-

vised jaucties or more stylish than this

“Commodore” Reefer of ours, No coat
was ever more popular, Just the thing
for the breezy days of early spring and
later tor the eaShure trips. It is double
breasted, with vilt ittons, navy blue in
color and lined entirely with rad taifeta,

Sizes 14 and 16 years, at... $15.75
Se: ond floor, front.

GIRL INSANE,

FIPTEEN-YRAR-OLD

Once Fallen Into a Trance Which Lasted |
Nineteen Daya,

Mamie Stelnhaus, the fAfteen-year-old girl

eee meee!

 

|

 

|

of 282 Enet Houston street, who was taken to |

sol evue Hospital on Wednesday for examin-
ation ag to lier sanity, was provounced insane
yesterday by Dra, Fitch and Wildman. She
was eant to the Manhattan State Hospito! on
\y ara sisiat dias oe re , Ww e "4
no Philadelphia, she fell intu a tranea whieh
laste steon days Since coming ¢ atof the
ice Behe ha as never beeu wel

Fast New York Beareid, but Not Hurt.

One of the detached bulldings belonging *»

3 Nelson's firecracker fact« ory in issex
treet, near Glenmore avenue, in the Bust New
York distriet in Brooklyn, was blown up about |
Il: Mo' loch’ yesterday morning. The explo-

Son was aterrifiecne and beaides searing the
uhabitante for over a mile around wreeked
most ofthe windows in the other jaccory bulld-
bigs ind juomany hotsesa in the nelghnorhood,
There were over a hundred boya and giria at
Work inthe factory, but bo Ohe Waa injured,
Mr Nelson said that the loas was In-igniffleant

Elevator Falls With Two Men,

the store of Louis Am-
importers at 828

A freight? e'avator in
berg, Brill & Co., china
Broadway, fell from the main floor to the subs
cellar, two stories, yesterday afternoon, Fd-
ward Uberfelut, a porter. and Mark Abeld |
were in the elevator, Uberfeldt’s leg was.
broken aud Abeld was cut about the need,

‘Front.

|

‘

| A MATTER OF INTEREST TO REAL |

‘Brooklyn A eetisements.

ee eo Seana eee ne renault

‘Brooklyn: Advertisements,

we

 

_ eo aoe ae

1900. — COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY “THE SUN PRINTING “AND: PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

Brooklyn Mvertisements

 

oo : TNT I RE
EE

 

      

Brooklyn Advertisements,

~" Konbiliad AND STRAU S

BROOFK LYN.

A Strong Story of Shirts.
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Values, at 47c.

News tor the men this time—news that will not
pass unread. For this story tells of shirt selling at haif
price and less, Three great lots, comprising the three
great shirt classes—white dress shirts, fancy stiff
bosomed shiits and soft, negligee shirts, all priced to-
gether at less than half their value.

The business of the Men’s Furnishing Goods Store
deals with such great quantities that striking price
offerings are to be expected; but even where that is
true this is startling in its immensity,

For there is an immense number of these Shirts and
not One that is not carefully made of excellent mate-
rial—not one that is regulariy priced at less than
$1.00, while many of them generally cost half as
much again,

Each Shirt is marked here for the wise and early
COMGIS OL sb bk ek ee eh UU Oe
Men's white laundered Shirts, some made in our own factory;
Others the celebrated “Star” make. In all styles; open back and
open back and front, regular bosom lengths, and open back and
open back and front.short bosom lengths; a tew have cutis attached;
splendid values at $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50; while they last at... .47¢
Men's fancy stiff bosom Shirts; made from an excellent quality
percala, in an extensive variety of very attractive patterns, cuts
tached, These shirts are made as well as it ‘s possible to make

irts, and are excellent value at ‘4 00, their Original price. Now,
while they last, they will go at, “ 53) ATS
Men's madras negligee Shi rts, we all made and finis! ned | froman

excellent quality cloth in an infinite variety of handsome patterns.
They are to be worn with white collars and have detached cuffs,
Regularly they have sold at $1.00 and $1.25. Here while they
WSS; NRC UDO OVMBIS AL, co ccesarcevesaqrernes ony +39 490
Main floor, left.

Remarkable Lace Values.

Laces are half price and less in this Lace Store and
the assortment is bewildering. No such variety and
nothing approaching the prices to be found anywhere
else, Even the prices that have prevailed for weeks in
this Lace Store are beaten in many particulars in this
Offering for to-morrow. Not a bit of unwanted lace
in the stock and everything that is wanted in every
thinkable style at your service.

Note the listing and the prices please:
Washable Laces, new and pretty, Pointe de Paris,
Point d’ Esprit, Medicis and Torchon, regularly $¢. to 35¢., at

2c., Icy Sey Tes, HC., He, Ie. Sc, and 19¢. a yard
aeons, Fedora, Lierre, Mechlin, Point Gaze, Oriental and other
makes, various widths, in white, ivory, champagne and butter
Shades, regularly 19¢. to $1.50, at
10c,, 15c., 1%¢., 25¢., 39c, and 49¢, a yard
Venice Insertions and Galloons, straight and tancy edges; also,
Serpentine effects, regularly 10c, tu 49¢., at
5c., l0e., I5¢., 19¢. and 25c. a yard.
Allovers, in white, ivory and butter shades, lace stripes and open
work etlects, regularly 99¢, to $2.98, at
3%., 49c., 59¢.; 75c., 98c., up to $1.98 a yard.

Spangled Tunics and Robes, also washable Robes; regularly $15.00

Normandy,

RO BSH) Ooiccecas si9000es008 .. , $9.98, $12.98 and $14.98 each
45-inch black silk Drapery Nets, beautiful patterns; regularly $1.50
£6 O5S0 88) sisnadasavesaernes 75c., 98c., $!.25 and $1.49 a yard

La Tosca Net, sold elsewhere at 39c., 50c. and 69¢, at, 34c. a yard
Narrow Valenciennes Laces, % to 4 inch wide, at 10c. to $1.a dozen
Maln floor, center,

Taffeta Silks,

Here’s the Most Remarkable Offering Yet.

Ten thousand yards of Taffeta Silks will go on sale
in the Silk Store to-morrow a! the season’s lowest
pricing anywhere. That means the most notable silk
offering of the year, for Taffeta was never so popular
nor in such great demand as it is to-diy—in fact, some
shades are hard to find at any price,

Unless you come here. Plain colored, in a com-
plete assortment of the best and newest shades, includ.
ing black and those especia'ly adapted for evening
wear, Silk Taffeta of exceptionally good quality awaits
the ready buyer.

Ten thousand yards of the regular 79. and 85¢,
grades. All priced for immediate selling at 59c. a yard,

Main fluor, New Building,

Silk snd Ribbon Waists.

Pretty Silk Waists, chic and crisp and fresh, are low
priced here, One—a new sty.e—is made entirely of
rows of ribbon with lace insertion between. Under
the ribbon and insertion is a lawn lining, The
colors are pink, light blue, violet, black and white, and
the price is $6.24,

Another is made of taffeta silk, in the leading shades,
The entire Waist is corded and hemstitched prettily, and
topped with a silk collar. This one is priced at $4.95,

seccnd floor, rear

A Black Crepon Sale.

We say a Sile because th’s is the most remarkable
offer ny of Black Creporis of the season or of any
season, for that matter, tor the prices are unquestion-
abl, the lowest ever quoted anywhere for this popular
fabric. Just two items:

Bight choice designs in large, medium and small effects, includ-
ie BBs tins cceves i ck Feat e .. .98c. a yard

Three designs of unusual beauty, with brilliant puffed mohair
figures, . ; $1.19 a yard
“Mal n floor, rear.

 

Cal. Corset Co.’s “Frisco” New iodel, »

Straight

Bust.

Most Perfect Corset ever made, When visiting our parlors
best fitting waist and be convinced, We can roiuce your abdomen
waist 4 to 3 inches and furnish a Corset taat will be

 

Brooklyn, N.Y. Entrance Hoyt st,

 

ESTATE DEALERS,

|

“Satisfled Liens,” “Lis Pendens” and | Smit ot
“Foreclosure Suits’ and other necessary Real | 18 Smith street on a 1. The building ws
Tatate News is printed in completa detail! each | lormery oeenpied ¥the New York an! se

day in Tue SuN. You need this in your vusle | 33°55

this detail.—.dv, headquarters.

Perfect ¢

we invite y
4s 3 inenes,
comfortable,

California Corset Co., Fulton and Hoyt Sts...

Brounlyo's New Police He; sanuarte rhe

Police hea:!quarters in Brookiyn wi. te re
moved from the Munteipal Building to tai

‘Telephone Compan

ny,
oyear. The Burea I ich
' ness, No other paper gives such attention wo | te now at 19 Smith etr ot ot lec iat

Women’s Spring Suits.
Sale Extraordinary.

Matchless values, these, matchless anywhere.

The entire sample line of Women’s Tailor-made
Suits, produced by one of the best makers in the
country, has come to us so low that we can sell them
to you at less than the maker’s wholesale price —less
than he woud sell us the same patterns for to-morrow.

They are his samples—only one of a kind—but
every one a kind that is new and approved. That
they are beautiful as well as stylish—stunning is the
right expression—you must take our word till you see
them to-morrow.

Values in the collection range from $20.00 to
$100.00. The suits, however, have been divided into
four lots, and the earliest comers will get the best
values. Nota single suit, though, that is not below
the wholesale price

Sizes to fit 34, 36, 38 and even 40 bust,

The first lot is composed of cheviots, venetians and homespuns,
made in tight fitting and Eton effects, Some have fancy revers,
and a te w are silk- lit, ¢ throughout; all the jackets are lined with

fine taffeta silk, but some of the skirts have percaline lining,
Price dat... $14.
In the second lot are cheviots, homespuns and ladies’ cloth, most
of them with the tailor-made tinish; all are silk lined, both jacket
and skirt, and the majority are finished with the sik drop skirt;
the jackets are tight ntting and Eton etfects, the skirts have single
box pleats, The price for this Wt 1B. issccssvessaavrv0ss $26, 18
The third lot is composed of fine cheviots and broadcloths, in
black, blue, brown and tan, All are handsomely trimmed with
o 1, taffeta and self material; all are silk lined throughout with
é best taffeta, and all are tinished with —_ and knife pleated
sik skirts Priced at ina sant $35.75

The fourth lot is made up of the very tinest and newest mate-
rials, mostly open effect Etons, handsomely embroidered with
Silk satin braid ‘and panne velvet; the skirts are draped in fancy
eflects, such as pleats and cords over drop skirts; some of the
Suits in this lot are worth $100,00, but all are priced at... $47.75
Recon! floor, main building.

A Wonderful Silver Sale.

This is the biggest sale of little silver things we ever
heord of. Pieces of silver jewelry and ornament are
to go on sale here io-morrow at prices that could be
gotten in almost every case if they were thrown into a
melting pot and sold in bulk as silver

No such fate in store tor them, however, They
are the entire stock of one of the biggest and best
manufacturing jewelers in the cowitry, They were
made too well—too much silver in them to compete
with more popular priced lines, so the concern has de-
cided to drop the silver end of the business altogether.

Ready money was a consideration and our offer was
accepted. That is why we cin offer you to-morrow
silver things at the meiting down prices, Not acheap
or trasliy thing among them, remember; not an out
of date style.

Side Combs, sterling mounted on celluloid Several designs'and sizes,
colors amber and shell; value $1.00 to $2.00a pair. Here at

9c. and $4c. a palr

Pompadour Combs, sterling mounted on celluloid, amber and shell

colors, In chased and bead designs; also with rhinestone and col-

ored stones, Value §1.25 to $2.50, ree trsacdrties 42c. and 54c

Nail Buffers, sterling silver of weight, all chased effects, in three
Sizes. Value 90c., $1.50 and $2.00, at......... .39¢., 54c. and 63¢

Value $1.50,
Ac

Paper Clips, nung Silver, satin and bright finish,

Mh vesavvvsens COO OO COO OCC OHO OOO OOO ees ve eeeees ’
Moustache Combs inc D1ses, und Court Plaster Cases, polished and
Satin finished, Value 95c. amd $1.25, at... cc cece cece es cee BHC

Chate laines, in open seroll and fleur de lis designs, polished satin
and Roman finishes, made for ‘= 5 Ornaments. Value rat § to
le Saree Terie Tera ied TT . $1.10

Tortoise shell Hair Combs ad Pins, mounted with st deslins Silver
in satin and Roman tinish, several sizes, value $1.00, $1.75, $2.50

and $3.00, at 4 . B4c., OBe., V7, and $1.23
Memorandum and Soap Books of “celluloid, with sterling silver
COMNOTS ENG SHIGE, VAIN 756iy BE i ya 600899998050 46505 04 24e

Belt Pins, enameled, chased and plain, a ae assortment of heavy,
well made goods, valu and 75c., at. oe We

Scissors, heavy sterling handle S, with tine tempered steal fittings,
in all styles and sizes, tinishe fin whom Gm, ename land Roman,
Value $1.00 to $2.50, Cicececre berth seeds

Scarf Pins and Brooches, principally horse che and golf designs
all of sterling silver, made for wear, in a large variety of sizes an
Styles, Value 40c, 75c. and $1.00, at.........ese00. loc, and 24c

Belt Clasps, extra heavy and solid, oxtdized and Roman finish,
ina number of designs, some ” weled, Value $1.50 and $3.00,
Giscnees SEEDPEER SEREIOES Kean Soc, and 74¢

§0c,

    

Main floor, center,

Stylish Misses’ Suits,

These are made of a superior grade rough cheviot
in giay, oxford, tan and blue, The moedel is a new
one, the coit with a double-breasted Eton effect,
Stitched tatfeta reve” and velvet cuiiar, It is lined en-
tirely with Italian taffeta. The skirt has a double box
plaited back, is percaline lined, velveteen bound and

A Big Basement Sale.

Housefurnishings at half and
three-quarters—a great sale at the
beginning of March. All of the
thousands and one things for
every day use in kitchen, dine
ing room, laundry—every where.

Always this is a complete Houses
furnishing Store, but just now it
is overflowing with the necessae
ries, the conveniences of easy live
ing ‘and at little prices that are
oing to make them gree step
Renee into hundreds of happier
homes. For every little counts,

A busy day in the Housefurnishe
ing Store to-morrow? Yes; a
busy day and a busy week. For
quantities are large—suiticient for
any demand,

And every article, tiny or large,
has the Abraham & Straus guar-
antee of perfection—no seconds
here—a guarantee that has never
been broken.

For instance, take the

Gray Steel Enameled Ware,

Mottled gray in color on best
Shaped bodies. Not an Imperfec-
tion anywhere, visible or invisib'e.
In appearance and wearing quali-
ties this ware has proven itself
the equal of most of the higher

priced enameled wares,
Tea and Cotfee Pots—', am 2 Qt,
HOt So Givrsccstesidesaee ek
Tea Kettles—3 oe 18, 4 a Bes
5 qt.. bieas CeO RaG ERECT 3c.
Lipped Saucepans or Kettles—2 qt., Teg
2% qt., 9c 3 qt, Ide; 4 qt....... Me
Deep Soup Kettles-—6 at > ames 8 qt, 3Teg
; Joat, 19:,; 312 qt, .. 4c,
Dish Pans—10 qt., Ie; 44 ‘ dey
7 Oh ay 50d ees eres
Rice Boilers—1', qt., I8e.; 2 qt., 2c
i Ore Ge vc eescceyere eene . d9e.
Straight Saucepans-—2', qt., 10c.3 3 qt
ISc.; 4 qt., 19¢.; 5 qt Horne eee
Bread Raisers--10 qt., 39c.; 14 qt., eg
07 Gy BORE BE Misc sccecevevvrsens 13c

Agate Nickel-Steel Ware,

These reliable kitchen utensiis are
here in equal vaiiety and at the

|

|

| lowest prices:

| Tea Kettles—3 qt, $00.5 4 Qt. ....+ 4.700
Lipped Saucepans—1'3 qt Be
Og 1d BG Whig iss sci spvcavens 25c.
Dish Pans—40 gh, €16;5 14 Gheseonrs 59,
Colanders—-9 in. 24e.; +3 10 in, 35a
Rice Boilers capacity inside bolle,
1a. soe eoeoreees vee
Ce ry oe

Bissell’s Carpet Sweepers.

Probably none of the many excellent
modern inventions for saving labor in
the household has accomplished so much
or deserves so much commendation as the
carpet Sweeper,

The broom action principle, the revolve
ing brush, the automatic remover and the
new, easy running “Cyco” bearings, have
made sweeping a pleasure,

And the economy of a Carpet Sweeper
purchase is more than ordinarily appare
parent now on account of the high price
of broonis.

Bissell’s “Popular” Sweeper is here at, 58c,
Bissell’s “Standard” Sweeper costs

Bb 53))4990E pV eesaerssesniaaeee

Chafing Dishes.

The newest and most acceptable
designs are here and always at the
very lowest prices— —and who
wan's to be without a Chafing
Dish?

For instance, this one, splendidly nicke
eled on copper, with a substantial and
artistic stand, a hot water pan with side
handles, the blazer double tinned inside
There {ts choice of two styles in covers,
onea pretty bell shape and the other a
fluted dome, Both sorts have the large,
genuine *Wojidkow” lamp, and would be
: ll priced at $6.00, They are here
though, Bs cde DERAUOREEEEK AD $3. 9
“Sternau” Chafing Dis hes with fluted
cover and regulating om properly
priced at $6.50, are here at... ss. F

well tailored throughout. Sizes 14 and 16 years, at | Oiher Coaeng Diabet, some of them ae
’ 7 conceptions in patterns, are priced at

$13.75 | $4.98 and $6.38

Bacond floor. front | Dasement

 

 
  

Are FREE

Rf

In Fit. *

Our.
Latest.

INTERNAL REVENUE S
IN

ou to wear your
* ytaen

nd for C gue

186 Remsen Street, Broo

§ 1 ,300, 000.00

The re ;
| Assets ‘

 

Deposits

by law from PERSONAL and

all other TAXES and up io $600 are
EXEMPT by law from EXECUTION,

l_oans

On Bond and Mortgage are EXEMPT by law from U, S,
TAMP TAX

THE

= Eagle Savings & Loan
Si Company

klyn (nenr City Hall Square).

Surplus . . $160,000.00

  

eee eee