7

if

i

(f

ft
H

Pe oan

a

 

¥
.

= en ie

ee

aa a

 

SOME NEW BOOKS,

Ragiitsh Viteratare in Relation te Engtish
History.

We are indebted to Prof. F. 1. Parrer of the |

Pennsylvania State College for a book entitled
The Foundations of English Literature, which ts
@ study of the development of F.nglish thought
end expression fromm Beowulf to Milton (Silver,
Burdett & Co.) What differentiates this treatise
fa its specitic aim tu give a complete account of
English litereture, in which the connection be

tween the literary and political history of England |

shall be brought out ‘The purpose compels the
author to scrutinize the growth of the English
epirit, and to weigh all influences that have ma
terially alfected it ihat is to say, be is con

strained to mark the condition and temper of all

classes of the people at divers epochs, the gradual
development of new ideals and new institutions,
and the extent to which native traits have been
modified by emigrants from other lands,

Having begun by recognizing the intimate rela-
tion of literature to social and political history,
the author, of course, cannot overlook the geo
graphical conditions of Britain, ndoubtedly
the insularity of Iiritain bas been the dominating
element in the evolution of the apecific character
of iw inhabitants. It is true that the Strait of
Dovor ts, at ita narrowest point, only twenty miles
*~ width, yet it formed for centuries an alinost
(mpassable barrier between the island and the
Continent No rougher and nore treacherous
body of water than this strait and the adjacent
peas can be anywhere found. ‘The tides in places
rise more than twenty five feet, and the North
Gea, to which the Channel isa passage, is subject
fo sudden tempesia «When Cesar first attempted
the subjugation of Dritain one of these storms
ewept away his transports, anda little later a high
tide, coinciding with a sudden tempest, shattered
the greater part of his fleet. Camsar's second ex-
pedition was delayed three weeks by contrary
winda, ond after it had reached Britain orty trans-
porta were wrecked by a sudden gale. When
Claudius determined upon the conquest of the
{sland the Roman army in Gaul refused to invade
e land protected by such flerce and treacherous
geas. This insularity of Britain, keeping it free
for long periods from an intermixture of foreign
elements, has allowed it to develop a sirongly
markedindividuality. From the Rugtish conquest
to the Norman, « term of several centuries, Britain
received, with the exception of Christianity, al
most nothiog from across the Channel

Again, the (sland of Britain was made by
mature for the home of ships; an eyrie of sea
eagios, for rulers of the ocean The sea not

only girdles it, but indents it with numberless
Days and estuaries which give it @ coastiine
three times as long in proportion to the land sur
face as is that of any other nation in Europe
There is no spot on the island more than a bun
dred miles from tidewater It is further to be
noted that the climate of Britain is a bracing
one. The british Isies lie in almost the same
atitude as Labrador, vet, owing to the warm
eurrent of the Gulf Stream, the climate is some
what like that of the Southern Middle States of
America. lroximity to the sea assures abundant
moisture, Jew couniries in the world have
more “mnaniy climate” The temperature ts sel
dom warm enough to be enervating; it bas no
sharp extremes, it invites constantly to vigorous

OEE. a

battle to divide the booty, to lavish gifts | “Paradiee Loat” ever

upon each other, and to sit in the mead
hall, while “bench-glee,” boasting and carousing
| run wild. The view of life ordinarily taken by these
men was atoical and cheerleas, ‘The atmosphere
of the poem ia one of almost unbroken gloom
“Beowulf” begins and ends with a funeral; there
| fe notin it a@inging bird, nor a word of pity or of
| hope A keen sense of the brevity of human
| existence hung heavily over these primitive Teu
| tons. Death was the great horror, not because they
| shrank from ite physical terrors, not because it
anatched ita victim to seas he knew notof, but
| because it was the time for “the leaving of life-
| joys.” ‘The creed set forth in “Baowulf” is that
| @ hero's duty ia to vasquish and destroy and
| that a non. warlike man is an inferior, a degen
erate Soitcame to pass that contempt for civil
| ization, which produces unwarlike men, became
4 religious sentiment, and crushed out all pity
There probably never was a more merciless con
quest thar. that gradually effected in the course
of a century and a half by the Saxons and Angles
over a large part of the Britons. The latter
were treated worse than the American Indians
were treated by the English settlers in what are
now the United States. Not only were they

 

| driven backward until they were forced to make |

| @ stand in the mountains of the extreme West,
but vast numbers of them were slain. Only
the women, and, perhaps, the humblest of the
male peasants, escaped the general slaughter,
and were retained aa wives and elaves; the fight:
ing men were almost exterminated. The proof
is that much Britons as remained within the terri
tories subjugated by the Saxons and Angles
loat their language, and even their identity; only
about thirty words of early Celtic origin have
survived in English, and these are almost all
connected with the lowest forms of manual toil.
The history of Anglo-Saxon Britain is con-
densed by Prof. Pattee in a short chapter
No sooner were the English dominant in
eastern and central Britain than the ques:
tion arose which of the petty king-
doms should be supreme. Speaking generally,
we may say that in the seventh century A. D
Northumbria was not only preponderant in Eeng-
land, but the intellectual leader of Western Europe
as well, In the eighth century, ascendency
passed to Mercia, and in the ninth century to
Wessex. But even when Fgbert of Wessex
had gathered all of the kingdoms into a loose
confederacy under his overlordship, there was no
real union. Ecclesiastical unity preceded po-
litical unity, and wes brought about when the
Council at Whitby (A. 1D. 664), determined that
the Roman, and not the Celtic, type of Christianity
was to prevail. It wasno very long step from the
thought of a single spiritual throne at Canter
bury tothat of aaingle temporal throne
It ig well known that the Danes conquered
Northumbria in 867, and Mercia seven years
later, and that, in 478, they invaded Wessex, In
; 1018, under Sweyn, they became supreme in Eng
| land, andso remained until 1042. The effect of the
| Danish invasion and temporary supremacy ts cor
| rectly indicated by our author “lt was, he says,

the sane crude ore, of fresh raw material. It
| greatly retarded the proesss of evolution; It was
! a positive setback even; but it intr nduced no new
| element, and did not change the character of the
| final product.” The flerce sea wolves of the ninth

and tenth centuries were,in blood inspeech,in views
| of life, in religion, customs an! temperament, not

| “aimply throwing into the erucible new masses of |
|

and extilirating exercise in the open air, Tt W488 | strangers, but a! nost counterparts of the hordes
an English ing who pointed out that “there | that had pours a England nager Hengist and
er count here outdoo 4 | Ida. “The first alght of the Northme says

fe no other niry where outdoor exertion may Greene, “isas if the hand on the dial of history
be taken for so many days in the year and for) had gone back three hundred years” But,
go many hours in the day.” ‘The English have | whereas the Angles and Saxons, finding the
Welsh utterly different from themselves, had

been always 9 robust race with large and power
ful bodies, and with enormous appetites; great
hunters oid great flgbters, ready for anything
that has in it a spice of hardship and danger
The author of this bouk is careful to keep con

Stantiy in mind this element of environment
as be studios the intellectual life and the litera
ture of Enciond = He perceives that the insular

ity of Iritain has led inevitably to an insular
view of human existence The Englishman is
gelf-satisfied, liabiea to violent prejudices, intol
erant, overbearing. Ile has deep in his soul

the feeling of mystery, the sadness
the ocean brings His struggle

the longing
which a life by

 

 

with a stubborn soil has made him obstinate
and industrions. Ha has been a healthy man
with a perfect digestion, consequently, his view |
of life, 1 often gloomy, is seldom morbid
and jaund Hits writings, on the whole, are
sane «& wholesome ‘They exhibit a flow
of healthy animal spirits; they are intensely
humnr. every where are expressed a love of action,
a sense of freedom, a flerce intolerance of oppres
sion. ‘Nhe long residence of the English in their
marrow isiand hes given them a marked individ
uality. [t is hard to find a people more com

pletely the product of its environment

Prof. Pattee is one of those who think that the
Roman «! sation. though itlasted more thanthree
anda /alfcenturies atfected very little the subse

quent history of lritain, This is, doubtless,
true, so far as most of those parts of the island
Which Were occupied by the Jutes, Saxons and

Ang)es were concerned, It cannot be true as re
gards Wales and Ireland and those parts of Seot-
land ani western England where the Celts long
retained ascendancy = [tisineredible that the Ro
mans should have lived side by side with the Brit
ons fora period longer than that which has elapsed
ginca the setdement of \merica, and thatevery
effort suould have been made ty draw the natives
into the twos, and tw teach them the Latin lang
uage and literature, and that vet, at the close of
that peri), the territory outside of fortified cities
ostas un-Romanized as it was

 

should hiave been al

before the Conquest. The true explanation of the
mearly complete disappearance of traces of the
Roman domination is thatthe Angles and Saxons,
unlike the Visigoths, Burgundians and Franks

had not been brought into
civilization and with

who invaded France
@lose contact with Romar

Christianity, and. therefore. were not amena
ble to humanizing influences Consequently,
they fei! with peculiar ferocity upon the Roman
towns in [ritein, and. in most cases, annihi

lated them wil! their inhabitants, thus taking
the most effective means of stamping out every
vestige of latin civilizauon.
however, thet the Celts of Wales, Cornwall, Cum
berland, Strathclyde and Ireland retained not
only Christianity, but many elements of the
culture which they had received from Rome
Moreover, nothing coul! be more erroneous than
the old notion that the [ritons. when the Roman
legions were withdrawn, were pustilanimous
and helpless) Av a matter of fact, they defended
themselves against invasion far more stub
bornly than did the Celta of Gant, or the Celt
Iberlans of Spain It took a century and a half
of almost continual fighting for the English to
gain even tho eastern half of the island, After
the conquest of the island had been to that extent

effected, it was by Celts that the conversion of
the northero section of the invaders to Christlanity
was effecte!, and s6 much further advanced in

learning were the Celts of Ireland, not only than
the Angles and Saxons, but also than the Celts of
Gaul, that they furnished important contributions
to the revival of letters by Charlemagne

Poraciear conception of the savage Teutonic |
in the fifth and sixth |

invader of Iiriiein, whe

centuries, crossed the sea from Jutland, Schleawick

 
 

and Lolstein, the author of Gus beok would have
us go to “Beowulf,” undoubtedly the oldest poem
fn the Finclsh ianguage, of, indeed, In any
modern European tongue Scholars differ as
to the poem's date, but it is generally believed

to have been composed before the English Con
quast, and to have bean finally put into writing
inthe fifth and sicth centuries. when were laid the
foundations of the English nation Everywhere

in this poem we encounter “wave deeps, tossing,
fighting the flerce wind” “ice bonds that lock the
curronws:” the return of the “sea rovers.” It evi
dently breathes the spirit of the fleree seamen who,

homecoming with the spring. “winter weary, eager
for new wanderings,” breast the “waves twisting

There is no doubt, |

mingled with them to no appreciable degree, the
Danes found in the English a people differing
from themeselves only in degree of civilization
Under such circumstances, barbarism soon yielded
to enlightenment

| All the specimens of the prehistoric English
poetry belonging to the heathen period, which
are extant, are in Anglo Saxon, a language
formed after the migration to Britain, a fart which
| proves that the gleemen, as the language changed,
| were forced gradually to recast the old ballads
| in order to be understood. The fragments of
| primal English poetry belonging to the early
Christian as well as the heathen period, which
| have come without name or date out of the past,
may be counted almost on one's fingers Aside
from the manuscript of "Beowulf and
“Judith,” now in the Hritish Museum; the Juoian
maouscript of (edmon, now in the Bodletan;
the mutilated leaf of parchment reseved from
an old book binding, telling of a fight around
the burning castle of Finn, doubtless ol! that re-
mains of an epic; and two leaves of the poem,
“Waldhere,” accidentally discovered at Copen-
hagen, they are all to be found in a single manu-
script collection that has remained undisturbed
in Exeter Cathedral for nearly nine centuries
This collection includes “Widsith.” "The Wan-
derer,” “The Seafarer,” “The Lament of Deor,”
“The Fates of Men” and “The Ruined City”
Of Cadmon we know nothing except what is
contained in a chapter of Beda's “Ecclesiastical
History.” In the year 1650, or thereabout, how
ever, there came into the hands of the Duteh
scholar, Junius, an old Anglo Saxon manuscript
in two parts, the first containiog paraphrases
from the Old Testament, and the second a short
collection of New ‘Testament paraphrases, which
have been grouped under the title “Christ and
Satan.” The opening lines of the first part sug
gested Beda's [atin paraphrase of Cedmon's
first song, and the contents of the manuscript
corresponded so fully with Beda's descripuion of
the poet's work that the manuscript was attributed
to Cedmon. Modern criticism, however, has
rejected this identification. It is now held that
the collection of metrical paraphrases ein
| braces the work of several singers, and
| it may be doubted {f Cadmon wrote any
| part of it. That the poems were composed by
| members of the Northumbrian school within a
century following the death of Ca#dmon seems
reasonably certain.
The glory of the Junian manuscript, to whom-
soever we should ascribe it, is the story of the
| revolt of Satan and the Fall of Man Here we
| have a “Paradise Lost” nine centuries before Mil
| ton. It may have suggested the greatest of
English epics. Milton was deeply interested
in things Anglo-Saxon, and had written a his-
ory of the period; he bad many friends in the
Low Countries, where the Junian Manuscript
was printed in 1655, seven years before “l’aradise
Lost.” The two epics coincidein many points
The theme of both is the same; after the expul-
sion of the rebel angels from Heaven, God
creates man to fill the seats thus left
vacant and Satan ruins man for revenge
The conception of Satan and of Hell is the same
on the part of both poets. Here, in Morley'’s
tranalation, is Caedmon's description of the
Fall of the Angels
Then was the wighty wroth, Heaven's highest Lord
Cast him from his high seat, for he hed brought
His master’s hate on him. His favor lost.
The good were angered against him, and he
Must therefore seek the depths of Hell's feroe
pains,
Because ho atrove against Heaven's highest Lord,
Who shook bim from Hie favor, cast him down
To the deep dales of Hell, where he became
Devil. The fend with all his comrades fell
From Heaven, Angels, for three nights and days,
From Heaven to Hell,

Interesting, too, from its points of almilarity
to “Paradise Lost” is the following picture of
Satan bound tn the flery pit, and soliloquizing
on his fallen estate

Most unlike this narrow place

To that which once we knew, high in Heaven's realm.

° ° ° ° *. * °
Woe! Woe! had! the power of my hands,
And for @ seaann, for one winter's apace,
Might be without: then, with the host I would
But iron binds me round, this coilof chains
Ties me: Trule no more; close bouda of hell
Hem mo their prisoner. Above, below,
Here is vast fire, and never have! seen
More loath!y landscape, never fads the flames.

 

 

 

the ses on the sands.” fleet ships are described as . . - ° ‘ e e
“ocean-wood.” “foamy necked, fanned by the | May we them not plan vengeance, pay Him back
breeras,” gliding like sea birds over the “fallow | With any hurt, s{oce shorn by Him of light?

flood," and the dead sea hing issetadriftin his best

 

Now He has set the bounds of a mid earth

ship, and devoted “to the Godof Storms.” In this | Where after His own tniage He has wrought
environment, and against this) background, | Man, by whom He will people once again

moves a wild people, teeming with animal life, | Heaven's kingdom with pnre souls Therefore, in-
They have no nerves, no pity, no fancy Their tent

appetiias are enormous, ther eat to repletion, | Must be our thought that, if wa ever may,

drink to drunkenness, and then sleep heavily
Their dream of earthly

upon the mead benches.

On Adam and his offepring we may wreak
Revenge, and, if we can devise a way,
Pervert Hie will.

happiness is to be surrounded by heroes, to bathe

fe « surfeit of dangbter,

end efter the

It ta, of course, not certain that the author of

 

mn

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH

 

saw the Junian manuseript,
but readers of the above extracts are likely to
coneur with Taine in thinking that “Milton's
Satan exists already in Caedmon's, as the pleture
exists in the sketch, because both have their model
in the race.” Satan is a powerful folk-lord meek-
ing revenge; riveted down beyond all hope of
escape, he calls to his war-band: “Stand by
me, comrades, now, If ever, in former days,
] gave you cause for joy, ‘ds now you can repay.”
His “shouldercompanions” are true ‘Teutona,
who will cle ere they leave thelr chief in distress.

It is well known that AngloSazon poetry, while
{t knew nothing of rhyme, or of classical or mod
ern metres, nevertheless followed laws that were
definite and difficult to observe. Fach verse
must have four accenta, and must consist of two
parts, with at least three alliterating words, two of
them in the first half. The effect of this arrangement
is ty give a curious, jerky movement. We get
from {t the suggestion of rude, nervous strength.
It ts poetry for the dealers of aword-strokeas, for
the rowers of war galleys; the very monotony
of the tlme beat is exhilarating. One canalmoat
hear the excited cadences of the old gleeman;
the staccato, blood -surring roll of his harp-notea;
and see the rhythmic sway of his head and his
body, as one reada the following lines describing
the attack on the caste of Finn, It will be ob
served that, in the translation, which is Wash-
burn's, the rules of AngloSaxon prosody are
not always obeyed, although in several lines,
which we have italicized, they are:
Then wildly cried he, the warrtor king,
This te no dawn of East, no flight of dragon:
Nor burn the cressets, bright in the broad hall
Frrrce ta tha flaming. Frightened the birds sing,
Wild chirps the cricket, but wilder the war wood,
SMeld and chaft meting, See the moon shining,
In clondaahe wanders, waking the woful deeds,
Hates of the people. Rouse ye, my heroes!
Fight for your dear land, fight in the forefront.

* ” ° e ® e e
Then in the hall rose roar of the slaughter,
Round mighty Guthlafeson lay many corpees,
Sailed then the raven, swart and brown-sallo a;
In the flercenword-gleam seeined it Finn's castle
Blazed altogether, Battle I never heard,
Nobler of heroes, fitter for mead feast.

The introduction of Christianity, with Its
insistence upon the use of Latin, well nigh nipped
in the bud all native song. Ecclesiastical writ
ings sprang up abundantly in the track of the
Christian missionaries, but they were English
neither in form nor spirit. Prof. Pattee, however,

does not altogether refuse, as many have
refused, to consider the Latin writers
of the era, belleving, as he does, that

they played their part, which, after all, was a
leading one, in the development of English ctyil
{zation In Beeda's day (he died A. I). 785) the
literary capital of Northumbria and of England
was the Monastery of Jarrow, but no sooner had
the great scholar died than the leadership passed
to York. Here were collected the riches of North-
umbrian learning and literature; here, under
Archbishops Egbert and Aethelbert was es
tablished what was in everything but name
the first English university. Its library was
the best in Europe outside of Rome, its corps of
instructors included the ablest scholars of their
time, its curriculum embraced every realm of
knowledge then accessible It reproduced many
Latin works, and it copied out and preserved
the vanishing songs of the native gleemen. The
books that afterward were to be translated into
the dialect of Wessex by Alfred and his school,
came, Without a doubt, from the great literary
centre at York. The brightest alumnus of the
Northumbrian seat of learning was Alcuin, who,
from infancy until middle age, resided in the
cloister of the York Cathedral, What we may
call the seminary was at !ts highest point of pros
perity in A. 1) 782, but, in this year, owing to
the death of Aethelfrith and the departure of
Alcuin, its decline began Alculn departed none too
soon, for, in less than ten years, the Danes made
their first descent upon the northern coast. Soon
they had overrun all Northumbria, andhad fallen
with peculiar ferocity upon the monasteries
It devolved upon Alenin to bear the shoots of
English learning across the ( hanne!l, and to trans
plant them into Continental soil. “It belongs,”
says Brooke, “to the glory of England to say
that it was an English scholar of York who, ex-
actly at the right time, bore off to the Continent
the whole of English learning, and, outof English
learning, built up a new world.”

The Kingdom of Mercia, which dominated
England in the eighth century, produced noth-
ing of literary value, and vet it was its language,
the Middle English dialect, and not the dialect
of Alfred's Wessex, much less that of North
umbria, which, in the fourteenth century, was to
be adopted by Chaucer as a literary medium,
and thus to become the parent of the modern
English tongue.

The West Saxon |iterature embodied in the
Wessex dialect was a literature of prose, of imi
tation, of translation and of paraphrase It was
not creative, it turned into its own vernacular the
songsthathad burst acentury or two before from
the heart of Northumbria. There were many
causes for the relative inactivity of Wessex in
literature, after that kingdom became domi
nant in Britain. The Church was in a state
of decay. When Alfred began to reestablish
the monasteries, he had to send abroad even for
the common brethren. ‘The revival, such as
it was, soon stopped, and monasteries, which,
in the tanth century, were the centres of literary
effort throughout Western Europe, never played
in Wessex the part which they had played in
Northombria. Politica and the study of practi
cal things took the place that had long been oc-
cupied by religion and poetry. Prose treatises
on medicine, law, history and philosophy began
to appear Alfred iimself, the first West Saxon
writer, gave, with his business like translations,
the keynote for the literature of Wessex. The
author of this book compares King Alfred to
Benjamin Franklin in respect of far seeing sa
gacity, benevolent enterprise, hard headed com
mon sense and worldly wisdom. He wasa literary
man, but only for the same reasons that he was
a lawgiver, a military and naval organizer, a
builder of cities and churches and an educator
The destruction of the monasteries by the Danes,
and the resultant degradation of the English
folk had blotted out learning and literature, recog-
nizing that a nation could attain to no height
of civilization without these, the King, with bis
own hands, sought to spread among his sub
jects the works that, in his opinion, would be of
the greatest educational value. With this aim
in view, the book that would come first under
his bands would, naturally, be that which, for
many centuries, had headed every list of the
books best worth reading, namely, the “Conso
lation of Philosophy,” penned in captivity by
the Roman statesman and philosopher, Hoethius
This work Alfred turned into a hand book of
ethics and practical wisdom, removing from
it everything that might perplex English readers,
and making it thoroughly Christlan in sent
ment From philosophy there was but @ step
tohistory. Especially ought his subjects to know
the history of their own land) There was but
one book that could tell the story, to wit) Baeda's,
so Alfred edited the text with judicious care,
abridging, correcting, commenting and adding
From the history of England to a compendium
of general history was 4 natural transition, and
the best universal history then available was
that by Orosius, a Spanish ecclesiastic who had
produced his work at the request of Pope Greg
ory With this book Alfred took even greater
liberties than with Haeda's He sets the his
torian right concerning such things as the geog
raphy of Iceland and Cesar'standings in Britain.
In one place, he breaks abruptly from the text
to give along account of the voyages of Othere
and Wulfstan into the unknown seas to the north
of Scandinavia, as he hed heard them recounted
by the adventurers themselves Last of all,
the King made for the spiritual nourishment
of his people a transiation of Gregory's (Cura
Pastoralis, prefacing his translation with an
earnest exhortation to the clergy. In all of these
translations, Alfred made use of the Wessex ver
nacular

The writers of Wessee fall into two schools;
the earlier group that gathered about Alfred, and
occupied itself mainly with translations, and the
later group that gave a voice to the movementfor
Church reform. We should not overlook the
chronicles written in the Wessex dialect, one of
which was continued until 1154, or almost a cen-
tury after the Norman Conquest. These chron-

 

 

stance, the chronicler bursts into a metrical de-
scription of the batye of Brunanburh, which
Tennyson has translated. In this poem and the
one on the battle of Maldon, which took place in
991, we catch the last full strains of the Anglo
Saxon harp, On the whole, the era of Wessex
must be described as a period of gradual literary
decline, When the Peterborough Chronicle ts
broken off in 1154 the Anglo-Saxon volce becomes
entirely silent, and we do not hear It again until
the thirteenth century

Iv,

It is @ aignificant fact, to which Prof. Pattee
directa attention, that the first Important poem
in English written after the: quest, or, Indeed,
after the days of Dunstan, a hundred years before
the Conquest, was inspired by a Norman-French
version of the Arthurian Legend. Wace had
turned the Latin work of an English monk into
French epic verse for the amusement of those who
spoke no English, and now Layamon, another
native monk, was to complete the circle by trana-
lating Wace into English, that those who spoke
no French might share the enjoyment of the new
literature, heretofore confined to Court and Hall
The “Brut” of Layamon is almost purely Saxon
in its diction, and prevailingly Saxon in its metri
cal arrangement Yet it is Norman in its turna of
expression, its frequent rhymes, its intellectual
horizons and its views of life. As our author puts
it, the Anglo-Saxon barp, though uncaptured
by the conquerors, was being retuned to the Nor-
man pitch. This is evident from the popularity
of the “Brut” and its immediate succeasora in the
same field. Great numbers of English poems
followed, all of them imitated or translated from the
Norman-French. From about A. 1D. 1250 they
continued for nearly a century to be the most popn-
lar productions of the period

The new native inspiration for which the Anglo-
Saxon literature had so long waited, came about
the middle of the fourteenth century, Up to that
time, and even then, England, although a Politi
cal unity, exhibited a confusion of tongues. The
French was yielding to English, considered as
4 spoken language, but the English in itself was
in an unstable condition. During the two cen
turies in which it had been a tongue spoken only
by the vulgar, seldom written and unfashionable,
{t had become corrupted and transformed. It
had lost its inflectionsand modified its construc
tion. According to Marsh, “the French had
Poured into English the greatest infusion of
foreign words and foreign idioms which any
European tongue ever received from a foreign
source” There were, however, three widely
different dialects of English that of Northum
bria, that of Wessex and that of Mercia and
it was, as yet, uncertain which was w becoine
preponderant. Under such a state of things,
4 distinctly national literature was unattainable,
all literary effort would nocessarily be sporadic, In
the Merclanor Midland dialect, besides the “Brut,”
was written the “Ormulum,” a series of metrical
homilies; in the southern dialect was produced the
rhyming chronicle of Robert of Gloucester and
“The Ancren Riwie,” or “Rules for Nuns’; the
North has preserved for us such writings as the
“Cursor Mundi" and “The Prick of Conscience
From a merely literary viewpoint, not a single
work had been as vet produced tn English of
the first or even of the second rank

The definite consolidation of the English people
and the shaping of their language inte its ulti
mate form took place during the reign of Edward
TH. The unification can be located within the
limits of a single generation. During the thirty
two years between 1362 and 1393, there were pro
duced in England Langland's “Piers the Plow
man,” the earliest cry from the downtrodden
masses, Wyclif's Bible, the first complete trans
lation of the book into any Teutonic tongue:
Gowers "“Confessio Amantis,” a poem which,
although it had a Latin title, was in English;
and almost the entire works of Geoffrey Chaucer
We do not add Mandeville because his travels
were recorded, first in Latin, then in French,
and notin English until about the year 1400

Prof Pattee concurs with most students of the
subject in deeming it {nevitable that the form
of English spoken in the East Midland region
should become the language of England = It
was the tongue of London, the centre of govern
ment, wealth and culture It was spoken in
the central province, the heart of the kingdom
It waa situated, geographically, between tne
two other principal dialects) Peasants of Devon
shire and of Yorkshire could scarce understand
each other, but both could understand a man
from the Midlands ‘The great universities were
in the middle province, and, furthermore, not
only Chaucer, but all the great writers of his era
produced their works in the Midland
pacular, thus making it the literary tongue

To his masterpiece. “The Vision Concerning
Piers the Plowman,” William Langland gave his
entire life, revised it and added to it from year to
year. Our author would compare the poem t)
“The Leaves of Grass,” in which, from time to
time, Whitman recorded his observations, re
flections and philosophy. “The Vision” has little
coherence; it ts mystical and vague: as uneouth
as the people for whom it was written, It tells no
well rounded story, as do Chaucer's taies) and
presents a series of chaotic pictures, Langland's
characters are mere symbols with which to work
out his problems; his poem is an allegory. It
was not safe in Langland's day to speak too clearly
about soclal evils. He exhibits pletures
and leaves the spectator to interpret. Read be
tween the lines the poem isa socialistic. almost an
anarchistic, outery. Its pathetic delineations of op
pressed poverty stir the feelings even now. Its influ
ence upon the peasants was profound. It was a prin-
cipal incentive to the great agrarian insurrection
that, although nominally unsuccessful, practically
freed the serfs. Underthe circumstances, itis not
surprising that it became the book of the masses,
and that upward of forty manuscripts of it sur
vive, all of them unilluminated and plainly written,
being intended for the eyes, not of the rich, but of
the poor. As for John Gower, the court poet,
he looked at England from the viewpoint of the
aristocrat, ‘The maddened and desperat throng
under Wat Tyler, on which Langland turned an
eye so sympathetic, was to Gower a herd of
unclean swine, possessed by the devil. At the
same time Gower recognized thatsomething was
radically wrong in the State, and. finding, as be
believed, the root of the evil in the corruptions
of the Church, he assailed them fearlessly in his
“Vox Clamantis.” This poem, which he meant
to be his masterpiece, was written in Jatin, the
only language then looked upon as permanent.
His amatory ballads, his roundels and his long
philosophic poem, “Speculum Meditantis,” now
lost, were written {n French, It was only in his
old age that, Influenced by Chaucer's great success,
he lapsed into the vulgar English tongue, and
strove to amuse the Court with his “Confessio
Amantis,” which is insufferably dull,

ver

the

v.

Our author does not find it easy to account for
Chaucer's selection of an English vernacular
when everyone about him at the Court of Edward
IIL was writing in French. It may be that, on
account of bis humble birth, he bad not acquired
a sufficient command of the French tongue for
poetic use, and that he refused to follow Gower's
example, and make bad French verses, when
he could use English with ease; it may be that
the Court, which itself was leaning more and
more toward the vernacular, delighted, even in
the day of Chaucer's youth, to hear one English

voice amid the French chorus Chaucer's
early work, however, ia English only in
externals. He was, at first, so much
fascinated by the “Romance of the ‘ Rose,”

that he must needs translate it, and, later, when,
as court poet, he composed a melancholy epic
on the death of Blanche, the young wife of John
of Gaunt, it was the machinery and the spirit
of the poem just named that furnished inspiration
In a word, up to his first journey to Italy, which
took place in his thirty second year, Chaucer
was an English trouvere. He made three visits
to Italy, and, naturally, fell under the influence
of the writings of Dante, Petrarch and Roccaccto,
the three great maaters of the early Malian Renais
nance. The effect, however, of a thrice repeated
proximity to the radiating centres of the new
intellectual movement is not, at the first glance,
apparent in his subsequent work. It furnished
him, undoubtedly, with fresh raw materials for
his tales, but he had been too long in the school
of the trouveres to change his instrument or his
method altogether. Manifestly, however, the

4, 1900.

enlivened by an inserted poem. In 937, for in-

 

 

|

 

 

——_ ——=

him. It gave him a new ideal of literary art and
increased the number of his literary modela But
for Chaucer's visit to Italy, the “Legend of Good
Women" and “The Canterbury Tales” might
have been but brilliant variations of the “Romaunt
of the Rose.” In the “Legend of Good Women,”
the poet attempted for the first time to define
character and to individualize hie creations;
in the Prologue to “The Canterbury Tales" he
threw away all models, and drew no longer from
the cast, but from nature hereell.
life had been a preparation for this worn. The
thread of prologue, when once {t was found, could
bind together things both new and old. Prof.
Pattee points out that the collection contains
poems from every period of Chaucer's career.

Some of his early work, like the tale told by the
second nun, was inserted without change; other
early creations, like “The Knight's Tale,” were
carefully remodelled. As for the assertion eome-
times made, that, should all the histories of Eng-
land be lost, one could reconstruct from Chau-
cer'a “Canterbury @ales” an authentic picture
of the social life of the times of Edward IIL, our
author notes that some things would be wanting:
There is litule in the poems concerning the martlal
glories of the era, or the miseries of the masges;
the Black Death is not once mentioned, nor {a
there a word about the peasant revolt The
truth is that Chaucer was a Court poet, intent
upon amusing a gentle audience. To compre-
hend fourteenth-century England one must read
“Piers Plowman" as well as “The Canterbury
Tales.” Considered as a poet, however, there is
no doubt that Chaucer is one of the three great
masters who have used the [nglish tongue,
His appearance does truly mark the birth of Eng-
lish Hterature. In him the Teutonic and the
Celtle tongues had been at last fully blended
and the English language in {ts final form had
been evolved.

The age of Chaucer is scarcely more noted for
{ws vernacular poetry than for {te vernacular
prose; with the exception of the Chronicles that
stopped in 1154, the latter Iiterary form had been
unknown in England since the daye of Alfric
(955-1020). English prose appeared anew spontan-
cously to meet the demands of the ime. Through
no other medium could Wrelil's “Poor Priests”
wot at the people. Even Chaucer made large
use of it Two of “The Canterbury Tales,” his
own tale, curiously enough, and that of the parson
who took advantage of his opportunity to preach
a long sermon, are in prose, and the poet also
employed it for his translation of Boethius, and
for the treatise on the “The Astrolabe,” which
he made during his last years for the instruction
of his little son. In @ senee, therefore, Chaucer
may be called the Father of English Prose, as
well as the fountain head of English poetry, but
the former title belongs more properly to John
Wvelif, who added permanency to the new tongue
by translating into it the entire Bible.

Even of Wyclif's writings the greater part are
in Latin. Only during the last six or eight years
of bis life did he devote himself to the vernacular
To combat the evils which the vagrant friars
aud other ecclesiastics were bringing upon Eng
land, he sent out from his parish at Lutterworth,
where he passed his later days, wandering preach-
ers, who were known as Wyelif's poor priests,
andas Lollards) The parish priest of Chaucer's
Prologue, who was poor in purse, but rich in holy
thought and work, may be assumed to be a like-
ness of one of them. They wrought among the
common people, and by their spirit of self-sacri-
fice and earnest preaching, offered a new ideal of
the spiritual life. Within a few years they well
nigh revolutionized England. Wyelifjnad equipped
his band of workers with sermons and tracts,
necessarily written in English, because they were
to be used among the masses; to facilitate the
missionary work he began the translation
of the Bible into the vernacular. Le did not un-
dertake the task single handed. Nicholas Here-
ford, his disciple, translated the greater part of
the Old Testament, and his assistant at Lutter-
worth, Thomas Purvey, throughly revised the
whole translation. The poor priests distributed
the book, often dealing out pages or chapters
to those too poor to afford more. Its popularity
was marvellous. Despite the active efforts of
{ts enemies to root it utterly out of England, ef-
forts kept up during a long period, no less than
150 manuacrits, either entire or fragmentary,
still remain. The result of the distribution of
Wyclif's version was that the sixteenth century
found the popular mind all over England satu-
rated with Biblical knowledge.

‘Taine called the fifteenth century in England
the age of Pagan Renaissance, and {t ts certain
that in literature the century after the death of
Chaucer was a time of almost total eclipse. A
(ew singers there were like Occleve and Lydgate,
who for a time feebly imitated their master, but
they were soon silent, and the century dragged
down to near its close as if the greatera of Chaucer
bad never been. When the second revival came,
however, Sir Thomas More had to write, and
Caxton had to print in that Middle English dialect
which Chaucer and Wyclif had made the medium
of English poetry and of English prose. The
foundations of English Mterature hed been laid
Shakespeare, Bacon and Milton, the Clivabethan
and Jacobean writers, could only Jay the first
courses of the superstructure. MW. #H.

Alexander the Great.

"The latest addition to the “Heroes of the Na
tions” series, published by the Putnams, is 4
volume entitled Alezander the Great or The
Merging of Bast and West in T'niversal History,
by BensAMIN IDF WHEELKR, President of the
University of California. It may be questionable
whether Alexander of Macedon or Caius Julius
Cesar best deserves to have it sald of him that
“no single personality, excepting the carpenter's
son of Nazareth, has done so much to make the
world of civilization we live in what itis.” It is
certain that to these (wo men we owe more than to
any others, and, unquestionably, Alexander paved
the way for the extension of the Roman sway to
the Euphrates and to the first cataract of the
Nile. Indeed, it was the vast Hellenistic world
which he and his successors created, rather than
Hellas proper, of which it might be affirmed that
conquered Greece conquered her conqueror, Gra-
cia capta cepit captorem. How much more power-
ful and durable was the Grecian element than the
Latin in that part of the Roman State which lay
east of the Adriatic is evident from tho fact that the
Roman Empire centred at Constantinople outlived
the deposition of Augustulus {n Italy by nearly a
thousand years, and that the Greek language
gradually superseded the Latin as the medium of
law and administration throughout the eastern
half of the Mediterranean world. It is, nevertheless,
true that our modern ctvilizadon ts princpally
due to the survival of Roman laws and inastitu-
tions in western Europe, a survival which is main-
ly to be credited to Cassar and the political system
which he founded. Almost the whole of our intel-
lectual debt to Greece may be said to have accrued
without reforence to Alexander, for nearly all of
{ts great poet, dramatists, philosophers, his-
torians and orators antedate his most remarkable
achievements. As Dr. Wheeler points out, Alex
ander's birth year, 356 B.C, nearly or exactly
coincided with the publication of Xenophon's
pamphlet “On the Revenues,” and of Isocrates's
essay “On the Peace.”
old, was just entering on his career as statesman
and orator; Plato, 71 years old, had but nine more
years tolive; Aristotle was 28; Fpaminondaa had
been dead six years. The old order for which
Athens and Sparta had made the history was
dying out, and a new order, with new men and

new motives, was coming in

The author reminds us that the child whose
destiny it was to carry Hellenism beyond the Indus
and the Oxua had in his veins the blood of two
lines of ancient northern Kings. His father
Philip was reputed to be descended from Hercules
through Caranus, and his mother was the daugh
ter of Neoptolemus, King of Epimis, who traced
his lineage back to Achilles. Toth parents were
persons of decided individuality From Philip,
if Philip really were his father, Alexander may
he supposed to have inherited his insight into
men ond things and his capacity for Umely and
determined action; to his mother, be undoubtedly

} owed the warmth of nature which betrayed itself

not only in furious outbursts of temper, but alao
in a romantic fervor of attachment to friends,
a tenderness of sympathy for the weak and a
princely generosity of soul that made him deeply
beloved and enthusiastically followed. In Philip
are discernible with curious distinctness the char-

Demosthenes, 28 years |

|

His whole |

, tity,

|

!

 

 

|
|
|

 
 

’
practical, successful politician, Sagacious and |
alert, his eye followed sharply every turn of events
that might yield him an advantage = ‘The weal
ness, the embarrassment, the preoecupation of
an opponent be always made his opportunity
A keen judge of chara ter, he adapted himself
readily to those with whom he came in contact
Few of these failed to bo captivated by him, hie
was entirely unscrupulous as to the method of
attalning an end. An opportunist 2,000 years
before the term was invented, he allowed 1
body to reckon upon him as 4 constant quan

Hie ultimate intentions were concealed |
from friends and foes alike He never crossed, |
@ bridge until he came to It, and was capable |
of radical changes of attitude and plan tn the
face of danger or of a promising occasion = He |
remained, as he wished to remain, a puzzle to
his foes and a mystery to his friends. Not only |
was Philip a natural leader of men, but he coulda
organize as well as lead. He made himself abs.
lute master of Macedon, and he so organized |
{ts force that {t could be translated unimpaired
to hia successor, Ho lacked the fine sense for
the civic and religious instincts of alien peoples,
which, in his son, developed the capacity for
founding empires, as well as leading armies
But for his father, however, Alexander's ex
ploits would hare been impossible, To the former
was due not only the organization of 4 military
power which was to prove Irresistible, but also
the formulation and partial application of the
idea of uniting Greece through a great national
undertaking. There were men who thought
him greater than his son. One of their com
temporaries who outlived them both said: “Tak
ing all in all, Europe has never seen such & man
as the aon of Amyntas.”

There is no doubt that the Macedonians, up to
the time of Philip, and even afterward, were a rude,
half-civilired people. Aristotle bears witness to
their warlike character when he tella us that
“it waa onoe the usage among the Macedonians
for @ man who has not yet sinin @ foe wear a
cord about his body.” No importance, however,
should be attached to the assertion made by Demos
thenes in the Third Philippic, that “Philip was
not only no Greek, and in no way akin to the
Greeks, but not even a barbarian from a respectable
country.” There is no reason to believe that the
Greeks generally classed the Macedonians as
barbarians, and the latter are now recognized by
ethnologists as reprosenting the outer rim of the
Hellenic race; they seem, indeed, to have kept the
freshness and purity of the Northern blood better
than those who had mixed with the primitive
populations of Hellas. Besides, whatever may |
have been the opinions current in Greece concern
ing the Macedonian people taken as a whole, |
i¢ ia indisputable that their royal family had been |
for generations regarded with great respect. The ,
family claimed to be descended from the ancient
Kings of Argos, and the claim was sustained |
at the Olympian games when Alexander, a Mace
donian King of the earlier partof the fifth century ,
B, C,, presented himself asa competitor, Arche
laus, King of Macedon, at the close of the fifth
century, sought to make his court a» Weimar
Furipides spent the last years of his life with
Archelaus, and the tragic poet Agathou, the |
epic poet Cheerilus, the musician and = poet |
Timotheus and the artist Zeunis, all resided under |
his roof for longer or shorter periods, It ts an
interesting fact that Phil. himself, some time
before he ascended the throne, was detained for }
three years as 4 hostage at Thebes, when thatcity |
was at the hetght of its military distinction and
political power,

If, for more than a century, the princes of the
Macedonian royel house had been trained in |
Hellenic culture, particular pains were taken in |
the case of Alexander, He was brought up, in
truth, as carefully as Nero, though he turned his
acquirements to far different uses, If Nero had
Seneca for a tutor, Alexander had Aristotle.
The latter's ideas about teaching are better known
than those of any other of the ancients who prac

tised pedagogy. Alexander was between 12
and 18 years of age when Aristotle, then a
man of 40 or 41, took him tn hand, ‘The

philosopher seems to have remained in Mace
donia about eight years, removing to Athens
shortly after Alexander ascended the throne in
836 B.C. Of Aristotle's eight years in Macedonia
not more than four could hare been given to the
immediate personal instruction of the Prince,
because,from his seventeenth year onward Alexan
der became much absorbed in military and political
interests. ‘The latter used to acknowledge, how
ever, that, while to his father he owed life, he owed
to Aristotle the knowledge of how to live worthily
The statements of historians rewardingAlexander a
personal relations to his teacher in after lifs are
somewhat contradictory. We have it on good
authority that, at one time, Alexande: gave the
philosopher the enormous sum of 400 talents
for the purchase of bwks and for defraying
the expenses of investigations preparatory to a
work on zoology. At another time, he placed
at the disposal of the Stagirite the services of 4
thousand men who were to be employed in report
{ng upon the life, conditions and habits of fishes,
birds, beasts and insects, Nevertheless, we are
told by Plutarch that Alexander's kindly dis |
position toward Aristotle lost with time somewhat |

|

|

of ites early heartiness and warm affection of
character

We probably have in the “Poetics” a fair sample
of some of the lectures that Alesander is likely
to have heard from Aristotle in connection with |
the atudy of Homer and the Athenlan tragic |
poets, It appears from the “Poetics” that it was |
the aesthetic or artistic side of literary master |
works, rather than the moral or ethical, which |
Aristotle emphasized, and grammar he (aught,
not as an end in itself but solely as a means to
interpretation Nelther emotional warmth nor
a high degree of personal attractiveness or mag
netism was to be expected of the matter of fact
and rather cold-blooded savant. Aristotle never
had the reputation of being a very agreeable

man, But he was far in advance of the
best learning of his time; he was thinking
and constructing for himself, and he could

not well help conveying to a pupil, himself
posseased of genius, a share of the genuine
enthusiasm which attends the formavon of new |
ideas and the uncovering of new truths, Dion
Chrysostom represents Philip at the conclusion
of a conversation with his son as exclaining in
admiration: “Verily not in vain have we hon-
ored Aristotle and allowed him to rebuild his
nativetown; fora man is deserving of the highest
reward who has given thee such doctrines con-
cerning the duties and functions of kings,
whether he gave these through the interpretation of
Homer, or in any other way.” Another fact
worth noting ia that the possession of some medical |
and therapeutic knowledge was an almost in
evitable consequence of Aristotle's instructions
{n the physiology and botany of the day. Plu-
tarch says: “Aristotle, | am inclined to think
implanted in Alexander a fondness, above all
else, for the practice of medicine. For we find
that he was interested not only in the theoretica!
side of the science, but he used also to render
practical service to his friends when they were il!
in that he would prescribe for them a4 particular
diet as well as specific remedies

t
}
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
}

It is, doubtless, to Aristotle's {influence that
we should contribute the strand of the philosaphy
which runs through the life of Alexander, the
moral sensitiveness and the efforts at moderation
and self-control which, unti! near the last days
of his life, were generally successful) He was
angularly frank and transparent of character
presenting, in this respect, A strong contrast
to his father When we consider the extreme
laxity of morals which prevailed at the Mace
donian Court, it is noteworthy that we should
bave, from independent sources and at different
periods of his life, accounts showing the purity
of Alexander's relations to women. In youth, he |
was 6 model of chastity, and. as he came to young
manhood, we have it on the authority of Hierony
mus thathis parents tried in vain to uiterest him
in a beautiful courtesan Plutarch says that,
{t was certain young colleagues of his who sought |
to brine him into a liaigen with a married woman, |

Plutarch's reflections on Alexanders behavior |
toward Darius'a wife bear witness ty conduet
sharply at Variance with the corrupt usages |

'

of the society in which the young king bad heen
reared, “they say Darine’s was one of the fair |
eat of queens, as was, indeed. Darius bimelt |
one of the tallest and handsoimestof men, Their
daughters, too, much them. But!

Alexander, doubtless, thought it more kingly

resembled

icles, though penned ia prose, were occasionally | Italian influence served to balance and to broaden ; acteristica which, in modern times, marked the | to conquer himeel{ than to subdue his enemies,

bie a os :

|

nl er

Mima

oe oT TR ak, FY

| self in warfare.

| of

| of a greater world

     

 

 

and, therefore, never approached one of them,
nor did he have relations to any other woman
prior to his marriage cacept Barsine, Aa for
the other female captives, Alexander, when he
saw them, tall and beautiful as they were, took
no further notice of them than to aay by way
of jest, ‘What eyesorea these Persian women
are!’ Helding up before himaelf aa @ counter.
charm to their loveliness the beauty of sobriety
and self restraint, he passed them by as eo many
slalues

 

MI.

One of the amazing things about Alexander
is the early age at which he distinguished bim-
He was but sixteen yeass old
when he tried his hand at disciplining a reatieas
mountain tribe on the upper Strymon. He took
their chief town by storm, drove out the inhabi-
tants, replaced them by loyalists, and renamed
the town after himaelf. At the age of 18, he
took part in that battle of Chawronea, “fatal to
liberty,” which, according to Milton “slew with
report that Old Man Eloquent.” Here Alexander
made binself a name for bravery, and won from
his father Philip the highest approval. Again,
he was but 20 years old in A. D. 336 when his
father was assassinated, and the empire which
had been skilfully and laboriously bullt up
was threatened with immediate disaolution. The
empire had been the creation of Philip's per-
sonality, and the personality asemed ensential
to its continuance. If the youthful Alexander
had accepted the advice of his friends, he would
have relinquished all thought of asserting him-
self in Greece proper, and have restricted his
attention to the safeguarding of his position
at home, which was threatened by at least three
claimants of the crown, Within a fortnight,
however, after his father's death Alexander
made it evident that he was to be either “the Great®
or nothing. Without waiting to reorganize
his government in Macedonia, or confirm the
allegiance of the barbarous tribes that skirted
his western and northern frontiers, and even be-
fore he had heard the result of a mission dew
patched against Attalus, his personal enemy,
who was one of the Generals in command of the
army assembled in Asia Minor, he «mt forth with
startling suddenness into Greece Itself. Before
central Hellas was aware of his approach, he
was encamped before Thebes, and but forty miles
distant from Athens. All semblance of oppo
sition to his authority vanished like dew before
the rising sun, and a meeting at Corinth of rep-
resentatives from all the States except Sparta
proclaimed Alexander the military leader of the
Helicnes against Persia. Hefore entering upoa
a campaign against the Fast, however, Alex-
ander saw himself constrained to secure his north-
em frontier. In 335 B. C. he subdued the Thra-
cians and crossed the Danube, the further shore
of which was then occupied by the Geta, a folk
chiefly known to the Greeks through their be-
lief in immortality. A few months later, he

was nearly caught in # trap by an Illyrian chief-

tain, and suceseded in extricating himself only
with the utmost difficulty, These campaigns

|
| in Thrace and Milytia, and those of 838 and 336

in Greece, may be sald to have constituted Alex-
anders professional training for his military
achievements in Asia. During his absence of
five months from the seat of government, a re-
port that he had been killed in battle became
current, and a new insurrection broke out In
Greece. Fifteen days after learning the tidings
the revolt, Alexander was in Beeotia, had
beaten the Thebans and had levelled their city
to the ground. The Athenians, on the other
hand, with the exception of a single politician,
were spared, and Alexander now made ready
to enter definitely on the long projected invasion
of Asia

We shall make no attempt to follow Dr. Wheeler
through his detailed account of the eleven years
which intervened between the beginning of his
advance against Persia in the early spring of
334 B. ©. and the death of Aloxander in Babylon
on June 18, 823 B. C. We pass at once to the
chapter In which is indicated the significance
of the work accomplished by the Macedonian
conqueror. ‘The author of this book admits
that, if a political achievement ts to be estimated
in terms of external organization, Alexander's
empire perished with him. For some time, his
head continued to appear on coins, while his name
and his memory were abundantly conjured with,
but, within ten years after hia death, all serious
purpose of restoring to unity the structure which
he had erected had been renounced. If, then,
a man's lifework 1s to be fudged only by what he
leaves behind him in formal and stable organ-
jzavation, Alexander's career must be pro-
nounced afailure. He had upset and dismantled
what he found, and built nothing abiding in its
place, Ilis dream of fusing the East and the
West had nov been fulfilled and embodied in any
visible institution, any mode of administration
or system of law, any form of State or Church.
Greece, Egypt and the Orient were still, in respect
of government, asunder. Under the circum-
stances, it is not surprising that some modern
historians of Greoce, including even such men as
Niebuhr and Grote, have seen nothing more in
Alexander's career than a meteoric disturbance
of the world's order, a transient enthronement
of militarism, an annihilation of Greek liberty,
and an undoing of Greece in all that made her life
of interest to the world. Grote, looking through
the eyes of Demosthenes, and captivated by the
brilliancy of a single type of life and a single set
of institutions under 4 given class of conditions,
assigns to them an absolute validity for all
times and all conditions, and could see nothing
in Alexander but a mad opportunist and greedy
conqueror, He would not recognize that the old
maxims and the old croeds of Greece had had their
day, and that, if Hellas were to be of further
utility tomankind, it mustleaven the civilization
of a far w der world.

Dr. Wheeler points out that, when Alexander's

| career in Asia began, “the culture of the world,

fixed in two main types, the feminine and the
masculine, if thus they may be broadly charac

| terized, waa still centralized and located, on the

one hand in the wealth and settled industrial
life of Une Mesopotamian and the Egyptian basina,
on the other in the free energy of the old Greek
city communities. When hia career ended, the
barrier separating these domains had been brokem@
down, never to be raised again” And agaims
“When Alexander came upon the ecene Greece
was atill the old Greece, the compoaite of au-
tonomous cities and cantons. In this form it
was past the bloom, and was ripening into esed.
All that the litde communities could accompliah
in history through living for themaelres bed
been accomplished, In the miniature life of
their amall isolated valleys, opening to the eea,
they had developed a4 social system in which,
as individual achievement directly counted, and
individual responsibility was direcUy assessed,
personality gathered to itself unwonted con-
eclousness of power. So tt waa that here, mas
first, as it were, discovered himself—-first saw
with clearness the power and the right of the free
human soul Man, as 4 base-line for measuring
the universe, man as @ source of governing power
arosein Greece; itwas Greece that shaped thelaw
ofbeauty, from which came the arts ofform, the
law of speculative truth, from which, by ordered
cbeervations, came the sciences, and the law
of liberty, from which came the democratic State *
This, as it is the aim of Dr Wheeler's book to
Prove, was what the old Greece held in keoping
for the world) Alexander was the strong wind
that seattered the seed; hia, too, was the willing
hand of the sower, When he planted seventy
cities of the Greek type on Oriental soil he acted
with a distinct purpose Thecity was Hellenism
in the concrete As a principle of social order
Hellenism meant the government of communt-
ties of men located tn territory, and the source
of authority was from within, Orientaliam meant
the government of terriory in which lived men,

and the source of authority was from without

| In the centuries following Alexander the urban life

based on the Greek model gradually soughtitecen-
tres outsi'e the old Limits of (-reece in the domain
Antioch, Rhodes,

NJexandrna

Perramon and BRyzar tum. instead of Athena,
became ite rep sytatives” The forms of Greek
i culture which were ultimately transmitted to the
after world through Home were those which

had survived of been evolved in the Greater
Greece tb atil scholership tunnelled a
route back to the Old Greece it was the taste and
the intellectual interests of Alexandria, rather
than those of Athens, that passed current as
Greek. In the New Greece the culture of Ot

Greece prepared itself for universal extendem,

meoaern