5 =e

 

 

THE CAUSE OF WOMAN,

CONVENTION OF THK DAUGHTERS OF
THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION,

 

 

the United States but an infinitesimal propor
tlon of its poyulation, and the vote of that class
in Denver is confined practically to three pre-
cinets out of 120," 7

Mra. Patterson, wife of the editor of Denver's
brincipal daily paper, confirms this.

Mrs. Sarah Piatt Decker of Denver, Vice-
President of the General Federation of
Women’s Clubs, writes:

“Does not the vote of the disreputable, low
class of women overbalance the better ele-
ment? No, because the women of the half-

tt was a cold-blooded eynie who remarked world do not vote, They are constantly chang-
that |} was very appropriate the National Con | ing their residences and their names, They
gress of the Davighters of the American Revolu- | donot wish togtve any data concerning them-
tion should have been held in the opera house selves, their age, name,or number and street;
whiah is given over ty vaudeville the other MM¥- | they prefer to remain untdentified. Occaston-
but it was an unfeeling | ally some disreputable master compels these
“continuous” did Dot | slaves to vote for his own purposes, but that is
rare.”

Mra, Virginia McClurg, another prominent
club woman of Colorado, told me, while visiting
the Fast, that in Denver the vote of the bad
women, as compared withthe good ones, was
only “a drop in the bucket.” Hon, John C. Bell,

Described as a Continuous Performance,
but a Very Genteel Comedy Without
Trace of Vaudeville-Kffect of the Con-
vention on the Suifragiste-The Sufirage
Question in the Newspapers Senator
Depew's Opinion of Woman's Rights.

one weeks in the vear
brut who added that if the
offer any better performance it would soon bank

ropt its managers It is unfair to compare the
Congress to vaudeville, for there is nothing what

ever of “variety” in its programme It is rather

in the nature of “genteel comedy,” with an amaz
ingly large number of in th: cast. It
reminds one also of 4 Chinese theatre, where the | member of Congress from Colorado, said the
performance begins in the morning, lasts ull | wame thing in his addreaa at the recent
midnight and consists principally in the beating National Suffrage Convention in Washing-

sverbe ( vf the hew ton.
of the tom tom and the reverberations of t
gag. Democrats and Republicans who have anoerine fhe lest tow months I addressed te
; ’ slap tka residents of more than a hundre
looked down from the top gallery, the only place | women's cluba in Colorado a letter asking
the grat unwashed are allowed to enter, declare | several questions as to equal suffrage. One
vwembles a Populist convention where all was, “Do you find that the bad and ignorant
that it resem)! women vote more generally than the goo! and
the delogates talk all at once aod all the time intelligent? The anawers wore om puationnt
ae eect of the male species insist that it is | and almost unanimously in the negative, Ou
Cihot neneaes he . change in New York | ©! More than ahundred of these Presidents
equalled only by the stock exc * : only two said that equal suffrage was a failure,
and Chicag) As a& matter of fact there are NO) A number of them said they had been opposed
comparisons whieh fit this gathering, lor the | toft before it was granted, but had been von-
worl) has never before seen anything like it
At the end
for ite existence give the most positive assurance

“sup ss

 

of every congress the apologists

verted by theirexperience of its practical work-
nes
This is the genera! experience of the enfran-
phised states. Chief Justice Potter of Wyom-
Dg says;

that the next one will show @ vast improvement, “L have often been asked whether the fact
vuti! is the general verdict that the one justelosed | that women of bad character possess the sut-
bas been th st unruly and unfruitful ever held, frags does not counteract the benefits which
as been the mo : There might accrue from ite exercise by the better
although it is the ninth of the series wre IS &) ane of women. But in Wyoming so largea
differsnee of opinion as to whether the disorder | proportion of the better clase of women vote
and inefficiency due to the shortcomings ee eee greatly outnumber the worse ele-
of the delegates or the presiding officer, A num Hon. David FA. Crai@ of the Wyoming 8u-

m fteed himaelfeould | preme Court writes:

are

ber of people held that “be ., ’

not “eee & D.\. 1 congress in oraer,” while The goot and intelligent women vote more

oth ts Insist thal & presiling officer who under | regularlythan the bad, for almost every woman
\ law ant knew Low lo hande Who isentitied to vote casts her ballot, while

tool parhameniar
a dele
Unfortunately thes
such & presioett! | on

| the Cad women are of a transient nature, anda
great number of them do not stay long enough
inone place tovore, LT find this to be the case |
generally throughout this State,”

hi havens trouble whatever
migresses bave mever had

quality whieh ts held |

sient General

ale body we

 

the d’re

 
  

   

     

 

essent u : ;
abs nue | vind there isan unwritten law resident Slocum of Colorado College says
is wocia eee yc also cofficial position that) that the primaries used to be attended only by
that she shail boll. or have held, an im | @8mali group of men, mostly professional poli+
is her hus eeer the Admimstration, Now ; tielans, while now the attendance is four times
poriant: pia’ iS me ability on the part of the | @& Jarge, and includes the beat citizens, both |
ee Tea ‘ely it does not always indicate | Men and women, He says: “Woman suffrage |
Semene : eat ne the part of the wile has Sroveht @ great infusion of conscience
‘ wold ity ul » into polities,”
or Je 0 esiging over @ great .
Aw minid Sapa 4 delecaine ust fe vith Ex-Governor Warren of Wyoming put the
orl fh. + Lith “Wocal clubs, then have the whole matter in anutshell when he wrote: “Our |
as President of h % nt ae hot be finally, through | Women nearly wi! vote, and since in Wyoming,
larger tield of State meetings, a ble na ' Bl aa ate as elsewhere, the majority of women are gvod |
Hea aoe any ae i sonsible position , #24 Dot bad the resuit is good and not evil,”

ul the very priuous | ” stl . A Tan D ALICR STONE BLACKWELL,

of chairman bs io . 7 j ?

welect for stich an officer the most thoroughly | ons HEaTER, Mass.
equipp stand tested member of their organivation, | , ae She

Women expect that they cau lift one of their num | THE SPIRITUAL WORLD.

ber right out of fashionable society, put her into | —

NN he eatia

the presiding otic rs chair and she will be cquel | Professed Communications About the De-
to bs mustesaciing duties | tails of Ite Life,

what the Daughters of the American
e they were |
and og
are the laugh

This is
Revolution have been doing ever sit
organized, and thea they afe surprised
Grieved because Wier congre S9A8
Ing stock of ountrys i y professional
parliamentafian, at SloO fer ihe COngress wee,
and 4 professional reas 1 S100,and yet cas
and) confusion re What) makes
the President's duties the more trying is the fact

To tae Eprton or Tas Sun — Sir: In an
editortul treating of the experiances of Prof,
Hyslop, you say: “It is remarkable that while
the most trivial ineidents of thetr earthly ex-
istence retain loremoat importance in the
| Interest of the ‘spirits,’ they exhibit no euch

 

the

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 
 

 

 

that tue delegates, for the most part, areas in| interest in their iife in the shadowy world,”
experien ved as Lersel! -~ no knew ‘ os “However precise may be their remembrance
1 it sage or of the cepinon courtes |
ape yt fine ‘officer or to fellow delegates , Of even the pettiest details of their long-past |
While there are som table exceptions to this | earthly existence, they do not seam to have |
rule, the vast) majerit ire there because it IS) heen anough impressed by the Incidents of

of social distinction, and
nay ther own ralroed | their present existence to refer to them at

fare and hotel bills taney have notthe sligit ) all”
@st conception of what they A ee ect This leads me to send you a few extracts
ke » areover seve are ‘ ; ‘ '

ow rae ts ay Sine 2 i 4 | from communications received in precisely the

"The opening session of tue congress is as bril- | 4Ame manner that Prof. Hyslop receives his,

hant« spectacie as one at Krand opera _— but which came from a Boston woman who is

-ar i¢ and elewant toilets galore ie! ; t {

erects, Bae ope cogent eee RRs not @ believer in spiritualism, rather than

quent response is niade, the Congress is orderly through the Hyslop-Piper- Hodgson combina-

andatientive. ‘Lhisisthe highest pointittocches. | tion, These extracts may bear upon the point |
ira 1! has gone to pleees | vou make and may not. I donot know what |

and thease are not gathered up again during the , :

tomake of them, and send thein only as one

thought to be a mar
OAUSE they are sole

    

 

 

Within twenty-four he

Fomainder of the week Never one session is |
alled to order al the appointed hour, never one | more contribution to the general subject, The
session finishes the procramme This} rosTAMine® | extracts are from several writings obtained at
ia merely a series of officers and committees

different times, I give them for what they are

      

reports with no time lidar Pupen an gx

At we close of each one th bev ope | worth:

lessly involved in resolutions and amendments I know people here, and [ find these countries

the vote is almoat invariadly taken several times | are made out of h ls, trees and water, justas the
(pot know what they were | earth t4, 40d how disappointed the folka will be |

16 oblige thuse who
voting on, the presiding officer reverses her own

‘ notto see any thrones and 4 meeting house onevery
sare offerel from all parts of | ¢

vrner, Tdon't say the Iutres are just the mame

    

 

decisions, motio : fl ,
the house while several are still pending, and} she Ma ne ata 44x 1 a: as ro
} { smelea the body leaves er s J00B" Wi) d about gettin vod, Nobody asks bo
in the midst of the meleet vody leaves en Masse | siush you are worth. J could not see bow people |
w atten @ pills fea ; at al anh livel wthout money and T sail so. A guide
Practically every vote shows a want of con saad: “Fver. one vs proud of the country and walling

dence in the National Board and the committees to do the beast possible good for it. and people have

 

The amenimenta to the constitunien and by duties that they facl satiated to do."’ No spirit
AUS i reatest controversy and bring | nal man has daty an cultlvating first unless he oves

AWs cause

the delegates to the point of blows or tear Usu todowo, No one can be ade cor unless he really

feela ii terestin straightening out new-born delicute
bod.es that come tossing up on the shores of Border
Laud nearly every minute. So von see work is doue
for the love of itand notforgain

There muat always be work !faworld ia of any usa,
ar iso bigh asl have beeninthe worlta Ll eee every
man and every wounan have duty for ce:tasu times,
and again I see pleuty of pleasure

ally they are debated for hours and then laid

on the tabie
|

Some of those people who were converted to
woman sulfrage at the convention of the prece:
ing week “backalil ¢ mopletely after witnessing
the congress and returned to their former belief
that women were not fitted for governmental |
aifairs ‘Chis ts just what the Daughters of the I livein a house made of your kindness [tis not
Revolution themselves claim to believe and they — a large house, but neat and comfortable ani every
are always on the alert to shoo away the suffrawe | day something pretty isadded, R--- comes inand
apovk which cont jnally hovers around their site awhile-he is lonesome,
outskirts Phree of their four founders are pro | ——
nounced suffragists, as also are aniniber of the | Idon'tgotochurch much, I walk on the hills. It
ational officers and man) individual members, | ts church enough for m+ to walk and use my | mba,
yut, as a body, they are decidedly hostile and the | ‘They used to tell me every angel flew like a bird. |
introduction of this question woul 1 alert the | don't see itso, Lsee people walking as ever

r ization. Their constitution declares that! —
their objects are to perpetuate the memory of the | Border Land is full of hospitals nobody jumys
epirit of the men and women who achieved Ameri | straight into health sng glory upennee they don't
ean Independence; to develop in young and old ake enough second ody iving down there

the largest capacity for performing the duties -
of American citizens; to extend the institutions |
of American freedom and secure for mankind
all the blessings of liberty
None of these, however, bas the slightest rela
tion to the possession of the franchise, according
vo their interpretation vothing would induce
them to vote, and yet in no part of the proceedings
do they take such absorhi ig interest as in the }
casting of their ballots When Miss Anthony { Iused to think a epirit had no feet or legs
@ddressed them, by invitation of the President | eomenues
General, she told them that her first fight was I don't want any of you tocome yat, bec
not for suffrage but to secure for them the right | mot ready; I must get a home here frst.
to howd such meetings as this and to enjoy free |
epeech upon the platform. ‘Then the new Presi- |
dent, Mrs. Chapman Catt, calmed them by saving
that inviting. her there did not mean that they
indorsed sullrage All of them, the said, were
seeking the means of the henes self develop
{ d while ther organization was recording | -
Nitishe Werk was making it The only othera | Ididn't haveacent of money about me, but I get
who mentioned the ferbi \den sublect were the | along very well without it, There in free fruit, free
two men who addressed them, and both dropped | warmente, free home aut plenty of meeseng. ts who |
{nto poetry in order todolt, A grandsonofGen, | ettend to the gardem and all the needs untilevery |
A . : | one is ie able to understand bis duty and come out
Winfleld Scott saut in his poem ot the confusion that death leaves onein. Iam able |
“> forward! Thong’ ve ballot not | now to help. I have thought I would do some |
Ye mould the minds that save the State | heavier work than Lam doing now; what sebouldyon |
| say would be best for me? |
!
|
!

 

 

Iam now growing stronger and can cast off the
weakness of the past and cau trv to be somebody at
lenat

I feel 0 glad of my walking powers.

 

I passed by the house where R-—— stays

   

ause lam

People who die from real churoh beliefs are dis-
eppointed that ties don’t Mud God with a crown on
and when they see Nelda of clover they ask, ‘Where
are the felas of living green and all those pastures .
that the Bible tells avout?”* |

 

The eloquent Senator Depew told of the woman L
“Who helonged to ten clubs and read Browning Fred I.——~ has an elegant garden, equal to any
at night, park I over saw,

Bhowed at luncheons and teas and wonld vote

if she might.”

The Senator gave them some strong talk tn
which he declared: “I believe that any puvile |
thing a man can do a woman can do equa
wel ° 7 T am a firm believer in woman,
whether at home orin the arena of public affairs.”

All this is im the direction of the theory that
it ig quite as important to be an “ascendant” as of words.

a “deswencant,” and much more of a credit to the j These few brief extracta I take from a serap-
individual herself \lso that, as our revered | book full of ‘letters from the same source
rogenitors left us a heritage of partial freadom, | These “ietters” are full of good advies, per-
t becomes our duty to release this aneeetral be- , sonal allusions and interesting descriptions of
quest from all encumbrances and transmit toour | another world They have never been made
Posterity an unmortgage and unfettered liberty. | puvlic and probably never will be li, H,
Boston, Feb, 27.

 

Of course there are newspapers here, and, as faras
Ican see, they are not much ahead of your world
forswittoe-s. But there are not 80 wany “buts”
Iy as | and ‘thes and ‘if’ and long phrases in them, It
ja more like) our shorthand characters, Every sign
is ap idea, ard 4 man, after passing through earth,
ia supposed to take in an idea without a long string

  

 

Personalities and Politics,

To rane Epiror or Tar Sun—Sir: We who
oppose the suffrage for our sex have always
contended that far from purifying politics it
mighteven addtothe bitterness and the per-
sonality that are already so rife in heated cam-
Itis therefore with Interest, not un. |

on the woman question nowadags ‘They re
mind one of nothing 90 much as a mans trying
to swimin shallow water 4 great doal of kicking }
and splashing and clawing atoothine, and finally
a flop down to the bottom the San Francisco
Call, for example, in a double-leaded editorial |
says: “The husband of a noted (famous) woman
is an oblect of general svmpatty Her ehildren, |
if she wonsents ty Lase any, grow to manhood | palgns.

Whata lot of trash some of the editors are writing |

.

 

 

d womanhood with only 4 faint perception ¢ ° ;
ll constitutes mother love . go mixed with the human feeling “IT told you an."
which can be disproved in every com- | that we have read the twocolumns o} suffrage
munity which has any famous women ‘The j matter which adcrned this page of lust Sun-
Buliain of the same city argues gravely tha

women would not reeister to vote hecauwe ieee | day's SUN ;
would have to tell their age and that they ought | ‘There is an old and tried legal maxim,
not ba subjected to this Banani It thus eon “When you have no case, abuse the plaintitt's
on me TT inane whe Lave hele ca hone | attorney.” This aphorism seems to have been
make in the world rely largely upon the charm | carried out by the anonymous writer of the |
a youth in the a fon search of men and women aforesaidtwocolumns, But there is another
r mate Doubtless, then, if women never | g @ effect that abuse is not argu.
Registered they could keep melt on indefinitely | Pet ae ve ate tosliupd to think it, after a1,
mnkINg poopie Versys they were Urey € j tre truer of the two. At any rate, We ‘antis’
r | vould ask for no better campeign document |
There is scarcely a Rrvsreee which has not! than these heated remarks from our suffragiat |
contained from one toy ha fa dozen protests from | afters We have always said that women
Women against Cardinal Gibbons’s recent atiack. | might lose their tempers if subjected to the |
IDA HUSTED LARPEM | strain and stress of polities, And lol before |
they bave gotten across the threshold, the bit- |
teruess begins Itisavery pretty object les-
sO), aa it stands, |

Good Women and Bad,

To ter Epirorn of Tne SuN—Sir: Miss
Em.Jy Bissell, in her addreas printed re- |

@ently in the Sunday Sey, quotes two Denver | that!
that she

T'orsonalities galore-and inaccurate person-
alities (to call them by bo harshor name) at
Is {t vecessary for the advance of woman
should forget. courtesy, and gentle

Men whose names she does uot publish) a8) thoughts, aud tenth? If so, we antis are con-
saying that “the vote of the disreputable | tentto stay behind, We may nor be progressive,
women” is “the only solid and result-pro- | Dut we try to be polite. And, as we have re-

| marked before, we know that the majority of
women think a# We 40, s0 that when the
Mrs. Helen Giibert Boob, wtfe of a prominent | suffragists take to personalities, they fant

; , , and leave us a trifle
elergyman of New York State who was pastor | OUr battles for us, an
} heir lack of ra
for some years of achurch in Denver, writes: astonished by & senereen be

“ ' peady to proat by their mistaken tactics,
The bad women repressat in aus city of | , PMACILLA LeonanD,

ducing vote in Denver politics.”

~~

 

| lated and regulated by thease laws.”

| gloved,

“2 @

' mother of all

| toreceive the eucharist in their naked hand,

Soetinte een onosten

THE

 

 

 

WOMEN UNDER PAGANISM AND
CHRISTIANITY.

 

An Argument That the Position of Women
Hae Not Been Elevated by Christianity.

To rae Eptron or Tar Sun—Mr: Your
Correspondent, who in last Sunday's Sun at-
tempta to controvert some of the atatementa
made by me regarding Cardinal Gipbons's ser-
mon on the position of women under pagan-
fam, says: “It is known that @ respectable
schoo! of searchers maintains that to the influ-
ence of Christian life and teaching the great
Roman jurisconsults owed their higher and
nobler views of man, woman, society, right and
the like.”

Foremost among these “searchers” appear
the name of Champigny and that of Troplong,
a French Jurist, who, he says, has written an
“admirable essay” on this subjeot. No one
can read these authors, he adds, “without be-
ing moved by their arguments, 80 specious are
they."" He refers also to M. Gaston Bolssier,
who, in his “Religion Romaine,” “admits the
serious character of these reasons, and that
the moral improvement {n the Roman juris-
prudence dates from the appearance of Chris-
tlanity.”

During the past eighteen hundred years
there has been no lack of “specious argu-
ments" brought forward by the devotees of
so-called Christianity to show that whatever of
good has survived in human society ia directly
traceable to the influence of the Church, Even
the philosophical religions of India and Feypt,
according to them, have borrowed theirethical
principles from this later system.

 

thelr purpose in the past, the present has little
use forthem, Indeed, among thoughtful peo
ple they are already relecated to their proper
place as fancies of a too credulous age,

If, as your correspondent would have us be-
lieve, the legal disabilities of Roman women
were removed through Christian influence,
why was it that the policy of the Church toward
the female sex was 80 800n changed? Burely,
in the compilation of the Justinian code no
hint of this remarkable liberty accorded to
women appears, and this, too, notwithstanding
the fact that the chapter relating to women
waa copied from the canon law

Kegarding the influence of ecclesiasticism on
that part of Roman jurisprudence relating par-
ticularly to women, Mr. Lecky observen: |
“Wherever the canon law has been the basis of
legislation, we find laws of snecession sacrific-
ing the {aterests of daughters and wives, anda
state of public opinion which has been formu- |
While
comparing the Roman code with the canon law |
the same writer says that the pagan laws |
during the Empire were constantly repealing
the old disabilities of women, but that it was
the aim of the canon law to eulstitute enact-
ments which should entail on the female sex
the mreatest persona! restrictions and the most
atringenot subordination,

Although there are frequent vestiges of a
strugels between the secular and the eccleatl-
natical prinelples the canon Jaw nearly every. |
where prevailed, and those countries whose 1
Jawa relating to married women were the most
rigorous were invariably those which followed
the eanon law exclusively

Referring to the common law, the code which
forms the basis of our present svatem of juris-
prudence and borrows by far the greater num-
ber of its fundamental principles regarding
women from the canon jaw, Mr. Buckle aays:
“This imperishable specimen of human 4a-
gacity is, strance to say, 80 grossly unjust to-
ward woman that a great writer on that coda
has well observed that in {f women are re-
garded not as persons, but as things.”

By the discovery of the manuscript of Gains, |
a distinguished juriseonsult of the Antonine |
perios, not only has the queston of woman's |

 

, position under the mitdle Roman law been |

settled beyond question, but many of the |
methods employed by the Roman lawyers to |
annul her legal disabilities hava been dis-
The object of the Romans was to over- |
come or annul the ancient law of Perpetual |

| Tutelage, and to accomplish this they formed
an edictal jur sprudence which should snper-
Rede the older law, or which, in effect, should

annul its foree, So soon @s the edict had passed
through the necessary formalit ea enabling it |
to become a law, the Pretors’ Court began to |
apply ft in place, or by the side, of the eivil law,

‘which was directly or indirectly repealed |
without any express enactment of legis'ation.” |

We are informed that the great juriaconault, |
Gatus, who devoted a large portion of his work |
to descriptions setting forth the methols em- |
ployed by the Roman lawyers to overcome the
ancient disabilities of the female sex, scouts
the popular apology for the Perpetual Tutelage
o! women, namely, that they were Inferior to
men, '

It {s thought by the ab'est writers on this
subject that, led by thoir theory of natural law, |
the Jurisconsults had, “at that time, assumed |
the equality of the sexes asa principle of their |
vode of equity.’ We are assured, however, |
that the restrictions which they attacked were |
those over the disposition of woman's property,
‘The contro! of her person was already obsolete,
Rewarding this subject Sir Henry Maine says:
“But Christlanity tended somewhat from the
very first to narrow this remarkable |!berty
The latest Roman law so far as It is
touched by the conatitution of the Christlan
Emperors, bears some mark of a reaction
ugainst the liberal doctrines of the great
Antonine jirisconsults.”

Instead of so-called Christlanity influencing
Roman legislation in favor of women, the his-
tory of the Church itself indicates plainly its
policy toward them. Indeed since the time of
the Pauline injunction, "Wives, subject your-
selves unto your husbands,” its attitude is
clearly apparent, and noliustance may be justly
cited going to show that upon this one point it
has been guilty of inconsistency.

By the fathers of the Chureh, woman was
represented as the door of hel! and as the
human fils. “She should be
ashamed at the very thought that she is a
woman, Sheshould live in continual penance
on account of the curse she has brought upon
the world. She should be ashamed of her
dress, for it ia the memortal of herfall.” By a
provincial council in the sixth century, women
were forbidden, on account of their Impurity,

Mr. Leeky observes that this teaching had tte
pertin determining the principles of legisla-
tlongoncerning the sex,

The question, ought women to be con-
aidered human beings? which was discussed
in the time of Augustine, the controversy
which arose later over the proposition to teach
them the alphabet, and the attitade of acclesi-
astics in ourown time toward the movement
toremovethelr legal and social disabilities,
seems to be somewhat out of harmony with the
legislation of the great Roman jurisconsults of
the Antonine period, and no “specious argu-
mente” putforward by the devotees of the
Ciureh will be likely to prove that they
emanated from the same source,

l'rom the facts at hand, it is altogether likely
thit the movement of the Romaa jurlsconsults
inthe Interest of women was begun not long
after the subjugation of Greece, at which time
the bestofthe Romans, having imbibed the
doctrines of the various schools of Greek
philosophy, began to apply the principles in-
volved in these doetrines to the affairs of life,
and notably to their risprudence,

The greatest care has been taken to Instil
nto the minds of Christian women that their
sex took nopart In the intellectual! develop-
ment of Greece, Itis quite true that Greek
wifes were simply household tools, whose
chief, and | might say only, duty was to propa-
gate Greek citizens, That there was, however,
during the Periclean age, a large class of
women who were the intellectual compeers of
the ableat statesmen and philosophers ts a fact
which may not be doubted. That they lectured
publicly, and themselves established sehoole of
philosophy, at the aame time that they wielded
& powerful {nfluence on the State and on the |
drift of current thought, are facta too well au- |
thenticated to admit of doubt, That their ef- |
forte were directed largely toward the elevation |

of their own sex is indicated by various shreds of
history which the careful student will not over-
look. Of these women “even Cynuleus dows
not veaturetospeak UL” To say thet they

Although |
these “arguments” may have accomplished |

 

SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.-

Were free is equal to saying that they have
been misunderstood, hence the calumnies
wiich have been heaped upon them.

The underlying principle in the various
achools of philosophy which arose during the
Periciean age was virtue—e life conformed to
nature. “Virtue ie the only possible and sure
way to happiness, What is good is honorable
and what ie bad is disgraceful.” The very
essence of virtue lies in temperance or self-
control, One of the sayings of Antisthenes is:
“Virtue is the same ina man asin & woman.”
The female philosopher, Hipparchia, said to
Theodorus: “What Theodorus should not be
called wrong foridoing, that same thing FHippar-
chia should not be called wrong for doing.”
Aspasia, “the clever preceptress of Socrates,”
lecture! publicly on the duties of husbands
and wives.

Pages might be written to show that the
drift of thought during the Periclean ago was
toward the proper relations of the sexes,
Thus, itis not {n the least singular that the
Roman jurisconsults, who were men of extraor-
dinary virtue, culture and strength of char-
acter, should have adopted these generous
principles; neither is it remarkable, as they
had outgrown their lower or animal nature,
that they should have begun at once to fncor-
porate these principles into their system of
Jurisprudence.

Your correspondent says: “Even if the
Romanized Stoicism of the second and third
centuries be alone responsible for the philo-
sophical improvement of jurispradence, it does
not follow, thereby, that the social conditions
of woman, the slave, the child, were at once,
or even during Roman paganism, substan-
tially bettered.”

It is plain that this writer follows the line of
argument used by others, who since the ad-
vent of Christianity, have tried to prove that
because of women’s innate tendency toward
evil they drifted into “unspeakable vagaries
and even degradation” so soon as they “xot rid
of agnate tutors, of any ‘hand’ above them.”
Your correspondent should remember that
virtue in women Ie not the result of theiren-
vironment while acting in the capacity of
sexual slaves to men, but,on the contrary,
that it {a a character correlated with the ma-
ternal iustinct and confided by nature to wo-
men asa safeguard to the haman race. Not-
withstanding the aspersions which have been
caat upon the names of (Greek and Roman
women, itis doubtful ff those of the present
age whocarefully examine the shreds of his-
tory which have withstood the envy of medl-
oerity and the bigotry of scholasticiam, will
belleve that the excesses which are foreign to
the female nature and belong to ru ‘er, lese de-
veloped structures, were practised by them.

Your correspondent saya that the dogmas
and precepts of paganism are barren, that ae
an ethical force they were dead. Paganiam, at
least, produced the Roman juriaconsulte. It
produced aleo a system of jurtaprudence which
emancipated women from aetate of sensual-
ined degradation. If, later, ite precepts were |
neglected and its noble principles doomed to |
decay, whose fault was it? The history of the
Church alone oan answer this question. |

The fate of Hypatia, who dared to lecture |
publicly on Greek philosooby in Alexandria,
while St. Cyri!'s mob was in possesalun of the
city, goes a long way toward furnishing an
explanation to the fact that the principles of
paganism became barren. Women should
understand the extent to which the(r sex has
been benefited by so-called Onristianity,

Dersoir, March], Exiga Bunt GaMBie

From an Anti-fofragist.

To THe Eprror or Taz Svx—Sir: I wish to
correct a statement which appeared {n Tue
Sun of Feb, 25 1n the account there given of
the hearing before the Senate Committee on
Suffrage held on Tuesday, Feb. 13. The
writer of the article is mistaken in atating that
the Committers of Ramonstrants who appearud
in the marble room were either admitted by
Mise Anthony or heard at her request. On the
contrary, the committee refused Miss An-

thony's invitation, knowing that she, as well
as they, was there only through the permia-
rion of the chairman of the Committee on Suf-
frage and they waited for Senator Daniel, the
‘halrman, who personally escorted them into
the room

This correction is due Senator Daniel,
through whose courtesy the_remonstrants ap-
peared, as well as the suffragiste, He had
reviously communtested to me our right to
Be present at the hearing.

Mrs. Antaur M. Dover.

|
ae fe
THE BOKR WAR, |
Remarkable Change In Pabliic Opinion in |
America, |

To tar FEpiton or Tar Rux—Sir; | have |
heen profound!y impressed by the complete

; change which has taken place tn current opin-

jon r-garding the war in the Transvaal since
hostilities began, In November last I attended
aclubdinnerin New York where a speech {n
favor ofthe Boers was received with apathy.
On asking a lawyer friend who was present to
explain this surprising clroumstance, he re-
markedthat “We have not enough facts on
which to form a judgment.” Two months
later the subsect of the war was acoldentally
broached at the same club and among an au-
dience of 150, fully two-thirds showed decid-
edly pro-Boer sympathies,

The lines of cleavage \a opinion are very cu-
rious. In German circles the sentiment {sas
wholly ant!-English as among our Irish popu-
lation. The same istrue of the workingmen,
even those of English extraction. On the other
hand etrong anti-expansioniate and bitter fous
of capitalism favor the cause of Chamberlain
and Cecil Rhodes. Ina quiet Brooklyn street
filled with moderate priced residences, al! the
boys but one who play together are English
sympathizers, because they say, “England
he!ped us during our war and the Boers fired
on the Ked Croas fing.” Among the mass of
the people opinion is all the other way judging
from the testimony of barbers, restaurant
keepers and the talk tn shops, and on the
streets,

A Philadelphia business man writes, Most
of the people 1 meat are Hoer-ites, though
many of them ssy that they wish any other na-
tion than England was opposing them. “The
exchange render of a leading New York paper
tells me that the American press ie about
evenly divided with a slight preponderance on
the alde of Fngland. At auother New York
elub gathering sixty-flve votes were cast in
favor of the Boers and ten for the English, A
prominent New York lawyer who is pro-Eng-
Hah in hissympathies states that nine out of
ten of hia acquaintances favor the Boer side.
Atarecent continuous performance at Prov-
tor’s the applause when moving pictures of
Tranavaal scenes were shown indicated the
game preponderance of sentiment.

Workinagmen both in the United States and in
Great Britain are stron ly opposed to the war.
Reyno'da Weekly, which circulates largely
among English workingmen, I am told re-
cently declared that England had been “‘dis-

raced and degraded’ by the contest. Laat
September the British Trades Congress which
met at Plymouth, England, and which repre-
sents a million and @ quarter artisans, pro-
tested vigorously against Chamberlain's co-
lonial poiiey and condemned all wars aa detri-
mentai tothe interests of jabor, The Ameri-
ean Federation of Labor, which met at Detroit
in December, emphatically condemoed ail wars
of conquest. whether inthe Phflippines or In
South Africa, and this fairly representa the
optnions of the half milion members of the
Federation. In view of the moneyed Interests
behind the Iimpertaliatic movement, they
could not be expected to act differently.

A like change {n opinion js taking place in
England. An American lady living in London
wrote in December, “Of course the English
pavers print only one side,

No editor that does
anything elae will betolerated. The people do
not underatand the conditions that led to the
war, and never wi!! so long as they live in Eng-
land.” On the other hand, 5 London corre-
spondent of the Quflook said in February,
“public opinion is changing, and those papers
are becoming moat popular which moet severely
criticise the government for ite blunders and
reckless war policy.” CHARLES F, Wixgats.

 

A Typewriter for the Blind,
Prom the Oltlo S'ate Journal,

A typewriter for the use of the blind and em-
botying a number of valuable ideas has been
constructed by Fred Frey, who lives at 634
East Main atreet. Mr. Frey is only 19 yours of
age, but he has developed & remarkable apti-
tude for mechanics, electricity and chemistry.
The typewriter fs operated by electricity. [t may
be operated for the personal use of the operator,
or, by attaching a telegraph wire, be made to
sonendece am e in the blind aiphabet
milesaway. The alphabet used by the blind ts
Qn arran ent of dota, raised ¥ the paper,
and in the machine which Mr. Frey haa ine
vented these dote are used. There are
only four dot keys and a apace key to the
macine, and the letters are made br
com binatioa of dots,

   
 

rr

POEMS WORTH READING.

 

The Automobile,

Tam the Automobile

Andlrun

My never tiring couree

Along the roadways

Of the world,

And leave no hoofprints

In the sande of time.

I am the horse's Juggernant,

Likewine the mule's,

And over their recumbent necks

My whirling wheels

Pasa to an era

Not for thom.

They mark a step in progress

Through six thousand years;

1 leap the bounds

Of all the past

And whizz into the future with

Aewish that marks me here

This inetant, and the next

A thousand years ahead.

I stand, a pioneer,

Upon the lofty ridge

Betwoen the new and old,

And backward down the Kiamet path

I hear the slow surceasing tread

Of hoofbeats moving to the feld

Of deauetude,

1 look before and see

A million multiples of me

Subserving man

In all his moving needa,

A iministrant of motion that

Is measureloss as are

Its master’s wants.

By night and day I etend and wait,

And at the master's beck

1 go.

J have no tired eyelids for

The hand of Sleep

To lay ita Angers on;

No hunger gnaws my vitais out;

No muscles, overstrained and sore,

Plead silently to me for rest.

Ip my new lexicon

There's no such word as rest;

And tireless as ipay be

The energies of man,

My service meets them everywhere,

And tirelces as they,

And makes conssation cowariice,

Tam the movement

Of the time to come;

And in me motion finds

Its rhythm and ite poesy,

Ita “get there”

Anil its best activity.

Tam The Thing;

The It of passage and

Tho master servant of the master man;

Through the spiendore of the future,

In every land and olime,

I will lead the grand procession

Up the corridors of time,

In the niche of transportation

In the Pantheon of Fame,

God among the gods of motion,

Teall set my seal and nae.
Wirnuiuas J, Lamprom,

 

Avswer to the Man With the Hoe,
From the Boston Pilot

While o’er his boo, the untaught toile
Come hither ye who riddle out earth's waye;
Who in your freighted rhapsod.es oethink

  

| Ye have creation splan unimyst: fed,

Turn your held eyes trom blur of pmde-blownm flame
And look again into the passive face,
Bay, dove that downward ave incet sight less fair

| Than ifit revelled upon heaped gold’

The story in the wrasse and veld flowers writ

‘Tolle lovelier than the checked and margiped sheet

Toat balances each gain with brother's loss,

‘The mould is tairer scrol) than books we know,

Yo grieve that he conserteth vot with kinge?

Who ‘ypillared the bine firmament with ght,”

Made ita palace-roof forsich ashe,

Lament not that buo’-lore is not for him;

He knows the science of the stirring seeds

And reais in autumn s shesf-bound alchemy,

The earth aud all ity Culiness isthe Lord's

Its touch can never soil nor gtultt

Aud sooner wiil the tol-bent shoulders epring

To the firm uprivht of a cous ious power,

Than souls v'ersmirched with sore of doubt and
wrong

Tranamit the faith they scorn, the hope and love

‘Lhat ote (be natou’s heritage, to coming men

More golden ts you peasant 8 store of trath,

 

 

 

 

Kuowing God's love aud love's relemption scheme, |

Than Plato's or the Pythagorean sage

Searching through Atite myths the Unknown Goa,
O. ye whu would be masters in ail lands,

Jay down jou: tretting pomp and pauoply

‘To learn true greatness, Noblest he who thinks
Moat nobly. if the peasant, simple soul,

Ie harbor for the tides, t itive
Of dorp, love. rested thougbia or (
‘The channelled running «tf your atudied phrase
Though spoken learnedly in wifted tongue’
Whirlwinds blow not from whoted harvest feld
But fron the lair, where reasons nntrimmed light
Dies down to passion’s amoullering ash-kept fire,
Ab! toiler with toe Loe, if like tiy mate

Aud country nan, atchimeof Angelus

iby heart lifts up trom labor field its praise

Thou art true poet, peasant though tly garb,
Tocouth thy fo chy comecioun sont

 

  

what counts

ontour—fo

Translates the hyuin ot uature for thy God

Mellifnous but Frosty.

Prom the Denver Neves,

I often go backward In fancy
loa winter | long ago Know

In a town kuown t> fame by ite musical name,
Which the same itis Kalamazoo

O, Kalamazoyzle—maziazle—
Mavazile~—1iazeesle—mazoo!

That liquid, narmonions, easy, euphonious
Name known as halamasoo!

Where it got such arame J can’t tell you,
But lve heard, and I doubt not ‘tie truo,

There's a ix ire of Greer and of Choctaw and Creek
In the inakeup of Kalamazoo,

Yet, although the name is so soothing,
The winters don t take the same cue.

They're rasping anit rigit, they're frosty aud frigid,
Those winiers in Kalamazoo.

It stood 28 below rero
Aud lasted & whole month or two;

My whiskers | troso, and my nose and wy toes,
‘That winter in Kalamazoo,

In fact, twas so cold fora season
The very air seemed to turn blue;

Though people who kuew said that thie fact was due
To the swearing ‘round Kalamazoo,

Those same people aiso informed me,
And swore that the statement was true,
wap it thawed out in spring that theseewear words,
"{ jin,
Would explode over Kalamaroo.

There were days that I wished most devoutly,
When “northers ' from Canada blew,

For askin mate of leather to stand the eold weather
They bad around Kalamazov,

O, Kalamazourle—mazazzle—
Mazawzle—maczizrie -maroo!

With your name | was smitten, but! get frestbittes
When | tackled you, Kalamazoo.

Faces in the Street,

From the London Datly Mail.

They lie, the men who tell usin a loud, deeiatvetone

That want is here a etranger, and that mtsery’s an-
known,

For where the nearest suburb and the city proper

moet ‘
My windowsil! {e level with the faces in the street-—
Drifting past, drifting past
fo the heat of weary feet—
While | sorrow fur the owners of those faces in the
street.

And cause 1 bave to sorrow,in sland so young and
pon those faces stamped the look of Want
and Care;
I look iu vain for traces of the fresh and fair and
aweet
Im sallow, sunken faces that are Grifting through
tha atreet —
pDrifting on, drifting on,
‘Lo the scrape of restless feet;
1 can sorrow fur the owners of tho facensin the street.

Hewnar Lawson,

 

Tose

 

 

 

The New " Bor-Coat.'’

From the Baltimore Am-rican,

The lady in the new box-coat
Now trippeth down the street,

She bas no curve nor crooked Iine—
She's straight frou head to feet,

There 1) 10 wrinkle any place,
But prim and plain is ahe

Her arins flap down so limply, too~
And, say, it puz les me,

Now. is a#he piuiep, oris ahe lean?
Hath shea witching form?

Does sh) wearsuch a coat as that
For looks—or to keep warm?

She's comely, as to smiling face,
But, leave it tom vote,

And every man woul! vote againat
That fonr-sack looking coat,

They do not look like other coate,
Which uswl to be thought nice,
Tat one resem lance you will find,

And that iain the pr. oe,
These coats make you just dike ef

Fair Laura, May and Liz— mre
The wrapper never indicates

Just what the Aller is,

Joon Winx.

—
He Had the Cash.

Promtha Philadelphia North American.

@ lacked refinement. culture. grace;
i: bad no charm of form or taae, a
To eee him read would pain your sight,
*Twas misery for him to write,

nc yet, iike all that's human, he

ed one trait of bumanity—
And that the best. I might bere etate—
At making money he was great.

Wherefore around
And women, too, end ee mee ae
$ things he’ ’

ooked

do or th,

   

|

|
|

|
|
|
|
| under many diferent heads

———

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS,

 

We were mistaken in saying that thers waa no
Begro in Congress vow, The Hon, George Henry
White of the Serond North Carolina district is @
negro. A friend writes that John KR. Lynch, now an
army paymaster, was in Conuresa from Miseinsippi,
and thatin the Fifty det Cougress waa a negro Kep
resentative named Miller from South Carolina

Regarding W. P. D'e question about cold
snow the following quotation, thouzh in somewhat
techoical language, shows that unlike many popular
proverbs this ove bas truth im it
propounced ty be too cold to snow during cloudy
weather in winter: the cold resulting from a) toced
ing anticyelonic calm not aut ing t produce snow

until a souther.y wind springs up in frowt oor the
nest cyclone aod rames the tenperature Davia,
Elementary Meteorology, p. O20, So one might say

that it ia not that extr me cold prevenis snow, but
that the meteorologival conditions produciig ea
treme cold are nut favorable fur storms, H.R. M

cerraee te Perrar, who published a history of
the city and County Jimeri’k neary two hundred
ears ago, and also in ‘¥Y une Pours’ itis inen
joned: ‘In the bezinning of tue present century
Lord Southwell of Castle Matress,
brought over fron Palatina, in Germany, a lune
number of Protestanixn (be was a Catholic! and
eritied them on bis estates near Rati keale, at Court
Killeheen and Ballingraie.” A few now live under
Wyndham Quinn at Adare (ancestor to Dunraven)

 

anda few familivs on tie estate of Mr. Croker at Hal- |

lynegerde. Their custome differ frow the Ireh They
sow thetr potatoes with @ plough aud plough thena
out. They plough without aw driver, an. it has ac
tually been kuown that w boy bas driven four
horses. Some of their ploughs have a hepper that
sows the land. ‘They sleep between two beds. They
appoint @ burgomaster, who settles all disputes,
They are by degroes leaving off their sauerkraut and
now feed on potatoes, milk and Dulter that they
have aknack in making. They ara toast raof man-
ners, and their kitchen gar? are neatly laid
out. In the towns a few have pawnshopa. The
women perform many thivges the Tish women
conld never be prevailed outodo They reap the
corn and plough the ground, and in the Pulatines
houses can be seen blunderdu sea and long fowling
Pivees, They all looked Jows, although tu Munster
we never sawany. Afewnamesof my formerneigh-
bore are very Jewish American: Apsy (Absaloin),
Bovenizer, Gideon, Lesky, Adain Shire, Jacoh Fizzle.
Moses Snitzer, Jethro Snitrer, Rachel Levur, Dore
Rukle. The name of Rukle ia very historic of the
exrly Mothodists in New York, ae I eleva one
“Dora Bukie and Fabory from Ballinvrane in the
County Limerick’ built a meeting house or Chapel
somewhere near the present SUN office,
Tuomas J. O'OonngLt,

Upon one of the Yale College bnildings there is the
following tnscrption: © Kathegetea humon eatin eis
ho Christos.” Cau you inform meas to the cireum

 

  

 

 

stances that led to the uae of this inscription; and |

by wom it was suggested? @G.F

This inacription is not on a Yale College building,
but ia on the ¥Y.M.C. A. building, which stands on
thecampus. We don'ts know why {t was chosen or
who chose ft.

 

A bets B that a workineman of ‘Londen, Englan4,””
cannot vote in “Ls don’ if be has no real estate ora
fized income. Bbetahe can. Who wins? J.P. B.

If he occt))es a dwelling ora lodging worth £10
year he may vote anywhere in (dreat Britain or
Treland fn the district where hie lodging is, whether
in a cofinty or in London.

 

| 3, What was the assessed valnation of the five
wealthiecat States of the United States in 1850, 1450
ap 1 1240? 2. During the siege of Pleviua, wore thera
more menu killed on the fleld. both
‘Turk, thao were killed jn the Northern army {n ail
the battles of the war between the States? H. PN

Tn 1850: New York, $1,040,800,214; Ponosylvanta,
$722,484,120; Masanchuasetta »78,342, 284; Ohio,
$504,72A,120; Georgia, $835,426,714. There are no
figures for 1459; in I8A0 the figures were: New
York, $1,848,888,517; Peunsylvania, $1,414,501,-
B18; Ohio, $1,193,808,422; Tiinois, 6871,460,243;
Massachussetts, $415.257,498. 9. No; the total
losses Lefore Plevna are estimated at about 70,000
40,000 Russians, 30,00) Turks; the losses of killed
in the Civil War were many more, the Federal killed
in battle numbering 67,058; the Confeterate losses
are not known definitely.

 

 

Thave abouttwenty good goldfish {nm an aquar
{nm and would lke some information regarding
their keeping, What best to feed then’ How
often should the wa be changed? Should it ba
filtered? How ta the best way to breed them? I
base placed @ water plant. some gravel and p bblee
ip the bottom of the ajarium, Gouup Fran,

Feed them on the regular goldfieh food; change
the water every day, ueing a siphon to draw off the
old water, You will not need the plant, we think,
They will breed or not.

 

1, What wae the date of the lest total eclipas of
the sun which was visible in New York? 2. When
bave partial eclipses been vistble since? Wires

1, On Jan, 1, 18a) it Waa visible in its totality
weat of this city only. 2. Oot. 20, 1802; Feb. 1, laws:
July 20, 1897, Jan, 7, 1898.

What {s meant by ‘the open door” in Vhina?

Fam

By the “open door’ is meant simply equal rights

in trade to all countries

1. What was the cost of the firing of a i8-inch

 

shell on board the Oregon im tue late war with
Spain? 2. How often may such agaun be firet in
| vue day 3. How lony is such a guu Stores. vies?

A Cone ANT KAADER

| 1, About $400 foreach shot. 2, The limit has not

| been reached. 3. It used to be thoughtthat 100

| rounds was tie ‘life’ of aheavy gon; but this belief
has been dissipated, and tue real life is pot known

Krugers name? 2, Where did be wet the name of
“Ooi Paui’ and what joosit mean? 8
the ccetof the Harris murder tifal?
chanan trial? 4. How do the 6
those of the Molineux case? ©,

'
| 1. Whatis the correct pronunciation of President
j
'

What wan
Of the Bu
ures compare with
OW 16 the music of
anopera Atted tothe words, woen the words aud the
music have different authora’ ", How does Mme
Eanes proponnee her name’ 7. How does Saieve
Pronounce Lis name? Nermco,

1. Kreeger. 2. It means Uncle Pan), and wae given

 

; @8@mark of affection by the people, just as Gen

 

Sherman waa ‘Uncle Milly’, 3. We do notknow

4. The cashier of the District Attorney's office saya ,

that bilisin the Molineux case will be coming in for

; @ month yet, and that no est.mate of the cost of the

other trials Las been made, the bills being filed
The actual cost is less
than most persons believe, ©. That is a matter of
agreement between the composer andthe author.

6 Armes. 7. Sal-ay-vab

1, Please give the names of the eongs that have
been written about our national fag, who the ax

thors were, and when the songs were written. 2 Is
there any plication for sale that gives this infor:
mation’ Whatis the adiress of Father Jobo 8
Chidwick, chaplain of tue Maine? PD.

1, There are soores of poems about the flag, but
comparatively few songs. Here ie @ list, to which
undonbtedly additions will be made: The Star
Spangled Banner, \F. 8. Key, 1814,
Bunker Hill, (G. F, Root, 1861), The Stripes and the
Stara, | Edua Dean Proctor, 1441); Our Star Gemmed
Banner, (H. E. T., 1461); On! Brothers. On! (Sarah
W. Brooka, 1861); The Starry Flag, Wohn Savage,
1s61), Our Flag, (W. J Rolfe, 1801), Flag Song, (1.
B, DuMeld, 1861); The Stars and Stripes, (Baiii-
more Americon, 1862); Vur Country's Flag, (B. H
Hall, 1964); The Stars and Stripes Forever, Sousa,
1698), 2. Yes, Tae Bow. 8 Father Chiiwick has

resigned fromthe Navy; hemay be aditre<sed care |

of the Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Now York,
Mulberry street,

When wae Uncle Tom's Cabin” first played, and
where’ W Van iT,

According to the (?ipper's history of the American
stage, ‘Uncle Tom's Cabin" wae first played on Aug
24, 1852, at the Chatham Theatre inthis city. Tne
Topsy Howard version, by G. L. Aikin, wae prodnced
first in Troy, N. Y., tu September, 1553. It was
played in Boston in September, 1852

Suppose s child te born Jan. 1, 1900; how old |

would he beat 120 clock midnight, Dec. 81 Lhww

c. a,
One hundred years old. He would have lived one

year in the nineteenth century, and ninety nine

yeare in the twentieth century,

Two friende write that the lines sent by P. J. Dp
y four separate poets, Weshali not print their
os.

  

  

Can you tell meaught of poem entitled “When
1 Was Yoong’? I bave « letter of Mr. A.C. nwio
burne'eto a' Mr, Shepueru thankinghim for the
book in which the pooin appeared, Mr. Swinburne
gaya: ‘“Itinao Sbelley-ike that I remember D G
Rossetti insisting thit it was S elley's. which I knew
could not be the case orl shenld have remembered
it—but indeed, it might have been * G@b

FR. W.--It hae been estimated that 06 per cent,
of persone beginning business fail sooner or later.

Brinckerhaf—-A woman oan dispose of her per-
sonal property in this State by will without her hus-
band's coueent

O D. Lea.—The strongest navy in every way ts the
Britieb. Discipline ts a matter that varies with each
nation,

b, F R—The Crystal Palace im this eity was
burned Oct. 6, 1858.

 

J. F.C,—The right way to pat 1900 im Roman
notation ie MCM.

Srody Reader—Frederick Sleigh Roberts, Baron
Roberts of Kandahar aud Waterford, was born in
Cawnpore, India, Sept. 80, 1883; he entered the
Boogal Artillery in 1 Won the Vietoria Cross dur-

 

ing the Mutiny; in 1880, as Major-General, he com- |

manded the force sent to avenge the marder of sir | baving inet 14

Louies Cavagnariin Kabul and to oconpy Kandahar;
he was made a peer for his snocees, He served in
Abyssinia tm 1667-68; im the Afghan war, 1878, and ,
f various lesser campaigns in India. He oow-
mended the army ia India, 1885-08, was mate o
Wielé Marshal on May 24, 1906, and from October,

1904, anti! December last wee commenderin-enic!
(2 eed,

anil,

“itis sometines |

Hathkeaie, |

Rueman and |

The Fiag of |

+ A beta he has lot 882, a4 he lost s§

| eis avtaing,

 
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
    
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
     
  
   
 
   
      
    
   
   
     
    
  
    
  
 
    
      
    
       
    
   
      
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
     
     
  
    
   
  
     
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
     
  
 
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   

ACHOOL FOR CARD PLAYERS,
Auction Pitch, J, N.ecre: In a four-handed game
has two to vo and Chasone. bb bide threeand
pitches the trump, making high low game to O’e
jack, Who wines
B, having mado aa many as he bid and that being
evqueh to put him ont, wine the game

Cribbage, M. C. M. save: In a two-handed
after two or three eard# bave been played,
down a nine andealla ‘twont five" Bplayweelg
and pegs two holes tor the thirty-one. Afterthink-
ine fora mowent A calls attention to the fact thas
wheo hey layed the nine it dil not make twenty.
| five, but tweoty-sia, and therefore B's siz could m
Veplaved and it shoud have been ago for A, ee
| had no gum lercard. Ad ls that B take beck
his card and bia two hole B bets that he
need not do_so, and says the a penalty ou A for
Wiscalling the count
| ‘There is no penalty for announcing a wrong name
| ber mx the total of the oards playel, provided the
| player does not pega fifteen or thirty-one fori, If
the following | layer does not correct the erroneous
announcement, but plays and addeto it, it cannot be
! rectified, so that B's play m ust stand good for thirty-
one

 

    
   
 

W. J. Manske the value of three queens and e tea,
\ with a jack for rter

| Ashe ten and jak can be combined with eaok of
, the three queeus there munt be three runs of three
each, worth nine holes, The pair royal of queens is
| worth siz more so that the hand fe worth Ofteem al-
| together. The dealer scores two for his heels whem
the jack {s turned

    

| Euchre, J, H, P. save: tne four-handed game the
| player on the left of the dealer orders up the ran
a

spoling alove hand. Wuen the bend te dole!

develops that tus player who ordered itup hed ge
trump aul the dealer demands (wo points pemalay
| tor ordering Up Without s tramp ip the hand,

; Apblayer have perfect rightto order up the Gump
| for the purpose of being euchred instead of having
a possible lone hand made against him.) When the
soore is 4-0 againet the dealer it is considered im-
perative to order up unless the eldest hand bas ¢he
right bower or a sure trick in trumps,

| Dice. 1. M. GQ, says: In a raffle in which theveaere
| only two prizes, three tnen are tiod with forty-one
; @ach, three others bavinog forty eaon, The ter
say they have aninterest in the eeond prize

the three highest throws have decided about the
fret prize Is this riygot;

The three wih forty-one each must shake off for
| the ch ice of frst and second prizes. High man has
| thechoive, The other two then shake for the secosé
prize, The men with forty each are not init,

  

Seven-up. GT. sara: Ina game of seve:
tween tuo players, there is not « las highease
ten in either hand) Who scores the point for game,
or ta there uo game ont?

When the points for game are a tie, or when there
is no game out, the non-dealer scores game, The
latter is @ rare occurrence, but it is provided for ta
the lawa,

be

 

Pinochle. W. H. H. ways: One of the decistoms
given two weeks ago is Lotin accord with the rules
| of the vame as played ow Second avenue and must

therefore be wrong.

Players on Second avenge are at liberty to make
| Whatever rules they please for their own game, an@
| many of them bave introduced some very carious
ones, but they would be very foolish to bet on them,
| because there are some people who know what
| scientific pinvchle ls, The yame did not originate
| on Becond avenue,

A A.C. says Toa fonr-hauded game the eldest
hand Maid out the dix among his melds and tnad-
verveully tovk tt Vack into hie band together with
) tie turmed trump, so that he had thirteen cards.
The error was aot discovered nutil th last tricks,
When he found Limeelf with three cards while the
dealer bad only one, the others having two each.
What tethe rule under euch circumstances?

 

 

| As both sides ave equally in error, one playing

with too many cards and the other with too few, 16
in & intsdeal

| KE. WV. aye: In @ three-banded game Band @
bave wate (ueir meids, and the Sretoneto wing
trick goes out, A has nocbanos to win, but ie eldest
band, aud I says he shouid draw a card at random
and lead it, so as to give Band ( au even show. Ie
this rigal?

Such arule would be absurd. Alas no right te
favoreither player, and heebould proceed to play
bie hand justas if he still had achanco to wim the
game himee!f,

WM. F.B. says: Inatwo-landed camo A melded
three marriages aud tien eighty kings Coe four
kings And tires queens are still on the table whea

, he pieks up the fourth queen Su Les ore eighty
por cae queoas and the marriage, or is the marriage
wal:

, ‘the four queens and the marriage being tw» dif-
ferent melds. he must win trick for each of them,
Waen he wing the firat trick he showlid+oore the
more valuable count, the @iaty qusene. and after
| Winning another trick he can ecore the marriage,
provided the caris forming it are etill om the table,
In some clubs @ pew card from the band muet be
adied to score a meld, This rule would bar the
lan’ marriage

 

Poker ©. F.K. asks tf the dealer is not obliged
to dts ard before he draws, jist aa the other players
are,

Aco Tding to thes rictralesof the gama he ts, but
itix@ very common thiag fortue dealor to run off
iis owncards while Le bas the pack in hie hand,
saying, “l wantthree,”’ or whateverthe pumber may
be, discarding afterward, It was on account of this
practice that therul: was mads that if the dealers
ven of more cards than he wauted he would have te
teke them, even if it broke up bis hand,

H. H. A.saye A held the ace, 2, 8, 4,5 of hearts,
whileB held the K yd. 10,4. Which baud wiaed
A rays Da hound isace Ligh

Wh na player uses the ace to form the bottom efe
Seyuence it lowes iterauk see high card,and A's
straight iatbereforeouly five high. His flush is sce
high, but hie tluet will not beat B’e hand.

| WH. B. saya: A player asks for two cards whea he
} reall) Waatethore The desler refuses to give Bim

@oother cerd aod (Le orber pla;ere wiil not let bim
| play with toureniy, Isth: rigut

if the neat player has been he!pad, it ia too late te
| ask for another card, the misteke not beag the
| dealer's fault. Very few olubs now refuse to lete
| man play with ashort hand, provided he saneunees
itin advance, becan-e hecan have no possible ad-
|) Vantage and is not allowed to play his four cardsas
@ither etraigut or Bush
| onue
| 1H. G, sags. The dealer gives one player etx card
) Detorethe draw luis player iusiet: itis @ misdes
| If the plarer has not lifted hie band from the table
| and bas not looked atany card of it, be can ineist om
anew deal if no bethas been made,orhe may ask
the desier to withdraw the superfinous card. Ifthe
| bas Lifted ols haud or looked at any card init, Bis
| hand te foul,
| Wb says: The second player from the dealer
operas jack potand the next player to him je the
| only one that stays, when the vpener comes to

' prow he tnds he did oot hold openers, What should
e done’

| The player who carve in againet him tn good faith
| to play for the pool takes i. A jack potonce opened
} even wrongly, muet be played for if there are twe
| lait a

'

}

J G.sags: [tis A's blind and B straddles him,
Wien itcoments betting up the bande B wants the

age, Lecause he straddled
It is a privilege

 

| The age does not passat poker.
given to theeldest band asan offset to bis being

| obliged to put upa® blind, whether he wants to play
ornot, Aith Ugh the secoud player also pute ap his
straddia Liindly, that is, before seeing bis cards, he
snotobliged to do soaudcannot baveany privilege
| forit, nuch jes@cau be daprivethe natural age hand

fiasghew The only result of @ straddle is to im
crease the amount of the ante,

r O'B asks What te an average pair ine game of
poker?
Tus expression is usually applied to hands upon
which a player stands an average chauce of winning
any potwhich is pot « jack, Some persons call
| them “average goin hands,” and experts are sbous
| ayreed that such a band should bea pair of tena,

| ©. Rosayet A opened # jack pot forthe limit en
all the others dropped out, How much of bis han
| Must (he opener show?

All five cards. As the money he puts up to open
the pot and buy more cards is practically refused,
the others not calling him, he ba@ really no more
| money in the pool than they have and cannot get

any wore cards, so he mast show to the table the
whole hand, Whena player bas paid for and drawn

ards no one is entitled to eee what he has drawa
iulews they putinte the poo! es mich a8 he puts ia,

 

0, C. says Ine game of all jacks the opener drew
ovecard only, The only wan avainast him refused
tu call aad asked (0 see opeuers, wien & fourcard
flush vee shown, the player saying he bed epiis
quesusty draw tw it. Baeye such « ping must ve
announced in advance or it is not allowed,

It would be a little toe mach of an exposnre to be
called good poker ife player was compelied to tell
the woole table that be wae drawing to @ bobtail
No one should be allowed te split openers, bet if i¢
is permitted, it ls only right that the other playere
shun!d be compelled to take a raan’s word for it thas
he had the openers,

P. Bieaye: Rand Betarted « game of poker, each
B lost ali his movey t A aud then
borrowed $7 from him, whdon he also loot Bthen
6) pe and says he has had evongh he haa loat 824
play ond atl
only. Which is

 

 

 

 

 

owes ABT
right?

If B will borrow $7 from some one e+e and pay A,
# will soon be evident to A that he aonly O25 richer
thao when the game br gun, 4s beues B uve ewes

B beta ne has lost $2