== See een =

> SSS th

oe ee ee ea ee eee

oe

~.

H

    
 
 

 

 
 

AREVOLUTION IN WARFARE
ome, Soa ea, BE

Battles Henceforth te Be Decided by Braiy
Work Rather Than by Splendid Courage
~Vrental Attacks Useless Against the
New Small Armes and Smokeless Powder
~The Unseen Boers—Effect of Lyddite.

Lonpon, Feb, 24,.—It te @dowly beginning to
dawn upon England and upon Europe at large
that the struggle in South Africa is marking 4
revolution in the methods of military warfare
no leas radical than that which the Monitor-Merri
mao fight eignalized a generation ago in naval
werfare. A new military truism has been
evolved from the terrible experiences of three
Briteh ermies during the past three months,
pamely, that an intrenched force equipped with
modern emall arms te invincible against any
frontal attack made in the open When this
proposition was fret made on behalf of the armies
of Buller, Gatacre and Methuen, it was received
more ae @ table excuse from apologists for
Britieh than es @ genuine military
diseovery. ‘There ie mo doubt that British Gen-
erala, nearly all of them, have been guilty of
Greve tactical blunders, but there is no doubt
alec that the ecience of war has changed. It is
@ abange, moreover, which amilitates against
the favorite methods of; British campaigning
more than egainet those of any other country
IN te @ change which robe war of half its martial
glory, a change which minimizes valor and
@ubsetitutes the cool, silent brainwork of a good
Ghees ployer for the charge of a light brigade

It te not @ welcome change for officers or men
fn thie country. It does not reduce the hardsbips
of war; it increases ite drudgery and tedium and
almost eliminates ite excitement and opportunity
for pereona! distinction. Ina word, it will make
wer end military life unpopular for the rank and

The ultimate effect will probably be a dis
decline in the martial spirit which is the
ble mainstay of all armies

The birth of thie new martial era is now chroni,
led in all the letters coming from the front which
are based upon sound military judgment. The
event ie recorded in every instance with evident
Gisappointment, for the writers do not conceal
thety gegret that war has been stripped of the
greater part of ite exhilaration and its individual
end eallestive heroism. But the leason has been
foresd home in deadly fashion. ‘I'he writer of the
lettey from which the following extract is taken
does 20 yet realize the full force of the new order
of things, but his description of the modern
conditions isinstructive. Heaays

“We began by fighting in « hurry; we are now
fighting at leisure. Neither the Generals, the
men, vor the public at home had formed an ap
proximately oorrect estimate of the difficulties
which had to be overcome, or of the enemy we
were to encounter. The Boer fights with his
head, seldom with his muacles; our men fight
with their muscles, seldom with their head. You
cannot get either the officers or the men to under
etand that the first duty of a soldier {s to kill,
not to be killed. They have all come out here
determined to earn the Victoria Cross, or to dis
tinguish themselves by displaying conspicuous
bravery in the field. It is magnificent, but it is
not war.

“It is little better than @ very popular sporting
expedition on an immense scale. You have,
no doubt, heard frequently of ‘the zone of fire,
and have formed your own opinion of what those
words signify. 1 will describe the situation for
your benefit. Imagine that there is 4 range
of high hills faciug you some five milee away
from where you stand. Onters are issued to ad
vance. Presently you eee ahead a long line of
dust, tufts of grass, and pebbles raised by the
multitude of bullets which fall almost as close
to each other as do drops of rain In a shower. It
eeomea humanely impossible to cross ihe line
without being hit, and, even should fortune enable
you to do so unharmed, a mile or two still separates
you from the enemy. That zone of fire is the
only obstacle which until now has staggered
our men, and it is not at all to their discredit that
{t should. They occasionally hesitate to make
the ruah through. It is like running through
@ shower of lead bullets for some twenty yards,
and trusting to luck that no drop shall touch
you. The bravest and the least brave are allon
the same level on such an occasion, and it is in
describably disheartening when you have un-
dergone the ordeal without mishap to find
not only that the enemy is still very far from
you, but that further zones of fire have to be crossed,
that eventually crack shots take direct aim at
you, and that in the end the Boers retire before
you can get (o close quarters with them, and then
take up another position which has been prepared
for such an emergency. To make matters worse,
{t all looks #0 easy before the engagement begins
I cannot believe that numbers will make much
difference in our favor, the more men you send
to the front the more bullets will have human
billets. The brain will bave to win the batiles
You who are at bome mst not blame the Gen
erals, they are fighting under conditions which
are altogether new liere we do not dislike the
Boers, we have learned to respect their courage,
and it annoys us to read in the English papers
that they are barbarions who strip and ill-treat
the wounded

 

 

The same lesson of change if the whole game
of war has been collected by Julian Ralph for
the Daily Mail best military observers
of Lord Methuen's campaign. Mr, Ralph writes

It iw easy enough for the world toery ‘Halt’
in its interest in ist asthe Boers cried ‘Halt!
in our progress when we reached Magersfontein
but the Boer command to us to ‘Halt’ may yet
be considered by military scientists everywhere
as an order given t» all armed nations to stop
and unlearn what they have known of battling
~-for Magersfontein seems likely to be the end
of the chapter «f War as it was practised by the
Wellingtons, Woiseleys, Von Moltkes and Grants,

“For frontal attack the old military manuals
declared that the attacking force must be three
timas that of the defending force To day, with

the new weapons, it is said that ten men must
atiack one, but I believe it is impos: ble to set
the modern proportion correctly, since, to all

intents and purposes, Magersfontein battictield,
with its series of three trenches extending twenty
five miles, is as impregnable to infantry as Cron
stadt is to attack by the torpedo boats, \ot being
a military man I will not pretend to be able to set
down the many changes that must be made in
coming warfare to suit the new conditions by
which we are confronted. | can only echo some
part of what I have heard from those who are
reflecting wpon our experiences in this war. I
do not believe that even these students fully grasp
the situation yet, Even as the Boers have shown
that they have been learning how hest to utilize
their advantages since the war began, so we are
gaining knowledge and probably have veta great
deal to acquire.

‘The Boer as a atalker of game, and, later,
as a Warrior, bed made the fullest use of the natu
ral advantages of @ country whose defences are
everywhere abundant, Of these defences he took
the kopijes and their rocks to be the best, but at
Belmont and Graa Pan he discovered that the
recklesa, seemingly blind, valor of the Britsh
made light of these-—simply by making light of
death. The Boer, therefore, modified hia methods
by transferring his dependence to intrenchments
At Modder River he bail} his trenches at the edge
of a steep river-bed, which afforded him cover
for the movement of reenforcements and the aup
piving of ammunition, food and water to his
forces, At Magersfontein he built a three-fold
series of-trenches, and made the centre of his posi-
tion @ Kopje whose foot waa fringed by vaal bushes,
behind which he could move his reinforcements,
carry off his dead and wounded, and distribute
his food and fresh supplies of cartridges.

“With the old-style single-shot rifle the change
from behind the rocks of his hills to the protection
afforded by mere ridges or hastily-built trenehes
would have made him an easy prey to the bravest
troops in Europe, such as we, rightly or wrongly,
Believe to be in Lord Methuen’s following, But
with magazine rifles, artillery, and euch fearful
terrifying weapons as the new Vickers-Norden-
feldt gun, he could make @ ridge or trench impreg-
Bable, as we have seen.

“One of the most interesting and formidable of
the new conditions of waz which we are experi-
oncing {a that we never—or next to never—-see

ere v
our foe. Can the student of war (or even wea —

|

   
 

FONE NEED

  

* aan

| casual reader) comprehend what it means to go

A SSS SSS

on for week after week and month after month,
fighting an invisible enemy’ Personally, [ saw
4 few score Boers running away at Belmont,
smaller number escaping from the punishment
we were meting out to them at Graspan, and several
hundred showing themselves with uncommon
impudence and courage before the beginning of
the battle of Modder River ButI have nodoubt
there are men in our army who have never seen a
Boer in battle. | know of officers who have only
seen one or two in one battle and five or six in
another. In engagement alter engagement our
men have thrown themselves upon the veldt,
moved to do so by a hail of bulleta around them,
and then have flred away for hours at a time at
the noise or the flame of the enemy's fire in trenches
which they could not see

“This is true to such an extent that at Modder
River there were whole battalions of ours that
did not know at the end of the day whether the
enemy was north or south of the river: in fact,
they believed, during the entire battle, that the
enemy was on the farther side of the river, Un
det such circumstances, if wedid not pick upsome
wounded and take some prisoners as actual,
ocular proof of the existence of a flesh and blood
enemy, we might almost expect the more imagi
native of our soldiers to believe that they had been
fighting a vapor or an essence. ‘They have seen
the earth crack apart and vomit flame and bul
lets; they have heard the hell's chorus of batule,
they have seen their comrades fall dead and man
gied by their sides; but they have not seen the
men who produced the tumult and the damage.
This, then, is one of the new conditions of war
which has to be taken into account.

“With the introduction of smokeless powder a
foe intrenched or hiding behind rocks is a foe in
visible. And it takes a tenfold stouter heart to
fight an unseen enemy than to combat with a sub
stantial line of flesh aud blood beings or alesping,
running target of brown smoke which locates it,
if it does not reveal the ‘party of thesecond part’
We do know that a European army fighting under
European rules is a clumsy weapon against the
Boer who opposes us with weapons which render
one man as good as ten, and all ten invisible
Weremember the old saying, that an army moves
upon {ts belly,’ and we make it read ‘the modera
army must fight upon its belly.’

The actual as opposed to the moral efect of the
lyddite shells iy still a matter of much discussion
Tue Sun's correspondent in Pretoria sends
the following report which was written by a bur
gher vamed Preller, serving in Gen. Botha's
laager ouwide Ladysmith, andsenttoF J. Kleigh
naus, Minister of Mines in Pretoria’

"We were told by those who called themselves
our friends bow unwise it would be for us to attempt
to measure our strength against that of Eng-
land, and were informed that the rocks behind
which in other wars we had taken shelter would
not serve us in this case, for the agencies which
were to be employed would shower down upon
us a hellish rain of devastating material which
would scatter our rocky shelters like chaff be
fore the wind. For hundred# of square yards
around the spot where one of these death deal
ing instruments fell nothing was to escape with
life, the terrible Iyddite was to perform with a
certainty such as had never before been known
ite murderous work And all these terrors, which
bad been so assiduously preparing for us for
years past, have, after all, not proved as terrible
as we were led ty expect. Our surprise on being
asked by the prisoners whom we had captured
from the English ‘What effect had the lyddite
shells when they burst?’ cannot be described in
words. Wea had found dumdum bullets on
the battlefield, but that lyddite bad been used
we never dreamed. On more careful investi-
gation we found, however, that there was some-
thing strange in connection with the greenish
yellow column of smoke which arose wherever
the bombs fell, and at once rose the ery, ‘take
care, there is death in that smoke, polson there
must be or otherwise it were impossible for death
to be spread for a space of 400 yards around
And such destruction must take place because
the English themselves had said so.’

"We have been convinced. lt was lyddite
It so happened that we had an opportunity of see
ing for ourselves the eflect of lyddite, and that
we were able to form some conception of the conse
quences of inhaling the deadly fumes. We
were standing close to one of the Long ‘Toms
which was attracting the fire of the enemy as
the magnet attracts steel, it rained heavy and
fast around us from the enemy's guns, when the
ship's cannon landed a shell close tous. 1t made
a tremendous noise as it struck the ground, some
distance behind our gun, sank about four feet
in the ylelding soil, and coming upon rock, burst
with a most unearthly noise similar to that which
is caused by violendy hammering an iron build-
ing with a heavy hammer. {It made a hole in
the ground big enough to bury a horse in. It
so happened that one of our men was at that time
not more than ten paces from the spot where
the shell exploded and loud were ourexpressions
of sympathy with the poor man whom we should
never see again: -the first victim of the lyddite bomb.
The fatal smoke cloud rose high in the air, and
the fragments of the shell hurded through space,
with a snarling sound in all directions. Our
man stood up, walked toward the hole which
bad been made by the shell, and stood calmly
gazing down into it

“With respect to the actual working of the bombs,
I may inform you that the material in the bag
marked X appears to be ignited immediately
upon the projectile coming into contact with any
hard substance, and this immediately sets fire
to the lyddite, which explodes with the effect
above described. The English say that Iyddite
bas six times the explosive power of dynamite,
but, at the same time, it is quiescent, and will
not, like dynamite, explode merely upon impact,
and it cannot, therefore, be fired with ordinary
powder, and when it falls it bursts into fragments,
which scatter onevery side. When thelyddite was
experimented with in Pretoria the same reeulis
were obtained, and we came to the conclusion
that the projectiles were about as harmless as
those of the early part of the eighteenth century.”

THe 1LORCE OF HABIT,
With an Illustration of How Completely
One Habit May Supplant Another,

“Habit is a curious thing,” said Mr. Joggle-
ton, “but the completeness with which one habit
can be aupplanted by another secma more
curious still

“T had a ebair that I had used for vears, and
which, as | was firmly convinced, was by long
odds the most comfortable chair ever made = After
breakfast, when I read the paper, IT used to sit
in that chair, and after dinner at night I settled
down into it, with a cigar, in peace and happi-
ness and thought there never was a chair that
combined so many good points as to height and
pitch of seat and slop? of back, and all that; I
had never seen a chair that suited me so well,

“But one day this chair was tipped over,or some-
thing or other happened to it) Idon't know what
but something so serious that it was put out of
commission, With our usual conservative alow-
nese, we put off from day to day and from week
to week getting that chair repaired, and, aa a
matter of fact, it was two or three vears before
we had it fixed up and brought into use again
Meanwhile, I had singled out another chair which
T came commonly to oecupy. This didn't begin
to be, at first. so comfortable as the old one had
been, but gradually its objectionable points dis
appeared, and I'm blessed if it didn't begin to
develop good points that T had never suspected
in it, and I came at last to look upon it asa very
comfortable sort of a chair, Indeed. But at last
the old chair. the good old chair, was fixed up
again and brought back into use, and the day
it appeared T looked forward to settling down in
it at night with all the old-time comfort

“But when, with all those pleasant anticipa
tions T came to sit tn it again | did not find the
pleasure that I bad expected: it was too high
or too low, or the seat sloped too much, or some
thing -I don't know what; it wasn't as it used to
be--to me I tried it onee oF twice more after
that and then gave it up and went hack to the
new choir My new habit had become firmly

xed. I liked the new chalr better, and now, a8

settled down in It, its good points were at once
emphasized and softened, and rounded into com:
ple and I accepted it in full as the chair
of satisfying comfort, and wondered as I looked
ros# ot the other what I ever could have seen io
ato make me like ft 0 much
“Such {a the force of habit.”

 

IF YOU OWN REAL Fstarr,

reste} in tha eaniditin
ditian of
Biyes v.59 cacy day ia

 

 

 

  

TI, PHILIPPINE NATIVES,

OBSERVATIONS OF A REGULAR ARMY
SOLDIER NOW AMONG THEM,

Their Treachery Miustrated in the Insurrec-
tion fa Negros and in Private Life—Few
ot Them Really Christlans—Serenade of
Muslo and Also of Bullets on Christmas,

ISABFLLA, Negros, P. 1, Dee, 27,--Since I
last wrote this little detachment of forty-eight
soldiers has been marched and countermarched
until we no longer have any sense of feeling in
our legs, I know now what it is like to have two
wooden legs, You could stick pins into mine
and I wouldn't know it, They are apparentiy
asleep and heaven knows they've earned a rest.
The insurrection has struck Negros and we've
been hunting for it, And hereby hangs a tale.

In 4 former leiter [ aaid that there had never
been an insurrection in Negros, That was truc
In the mouuntains there were Papiecio ban
dite but they had been there for years, This com
pany was scattered about in detachments of from
six to fifty, protecting property from
the bandits, Whenever we got 4 chance
we chased them and occasionally they gave
us a running fight ora skirmish, That was all.

‘The experiment of civil government was started.
Regular elections were held, A governor was
installed at Bacolod, and leading natives were
elected as Presidents and Vice Presidents of every
pueblo on the island The President was
to be the civil boss and the Vice President the head
of the military, The Vice President of this burg,
for instance, selected a dozen likely natives, We
armed and drilled them as soldiers, When they
knew enough not toblow their own heads off
we supplied them with ammunition and put them
on outpost: duty around the town. Meanwhile
the Vice President waa the busiest man you ever
saw. We called him “Heap Military.” [ike
Pinkerton, “he never slept,”

Fivery day “Heap Military” would come tn and
tell the detachment commander the exact loca
tion of 800 Papiecios and we poor soldiers would
trot obediently through muddy rice flelds after 4
guide who would always get lost-and never
find a Papiecio, Then, between times, “Heap
Military” would grind his own little private axes,
He came within an ace of getting three or four
Spanish hacienda owners shot, by reporting
that they were in league with Paplecios and
insurrectos, Asa matter of fact, the plantation
owners were only doing their best to cerry water
on both shoulders, in true Castilian style. Con-
sidering the false evidence produced !t is a marvel
that the Americans did not shoot a few of the
accused,

‘Things ran along in this style for a few weeks
until the American officers were utterly bewildered
Fvery mandenounced his neighbor, Apparently
every native in the island was conspiring against
somebody. At last something happened. Down
on the seacoast there isa pueblo called Ginlearau
It was garsisoned by Corporal Dave Brown and
seven men of this company. One day a native
courier came trotting into Isabella in breathless
haste, He brought a note from Brown stating
that a body of 509 insurrectos, well armed, had
landed at Gintwarau from Panay, and that he
expected an atiack at any moment, The note
was dated at 190 P. M. and reached Taabella at
6P M. It would take six hours for us to get
there In ten minutes we were on the way

Meanwhile, Brown was having fun, With
his seven men he occupied a casa tn the middle
of the plaza at Ginigarau. This gave him an
open space of 100 yards in all directions, He
barricaded the lower doors of the casa and placed
his men at the second story windows, At2o'clock
the insurreetos opened fire from two sides of the
plava. It was then found that there were about
300 of them and only eighty four rifles, It was
eughty four rifles to eight, From 2 o'clock until
6 the felt was a lively one and then the {insur
rectos withdrew taking thelr dead and wounded
with them, The Chinos, who carry water on
both shoulders, say they had nine dead and over
thirty wounded. One American received a flesh
wound in the thigh, At midnight our detach-
ment arrived, We threw a shirmish line in a
semicircle around the town, and, as we could
hear no firing, we waited for daylight. At break
of day we sent three scouts into the outskirts,

“Men,” said the detachment commander to
the scouts, "go farenough intoseet{the American
flag is still fying and come back and report. If
our flag isn't there we will start right here and
not leave one bamboo on another to mark the
place where this town stood ”

The fag was there Not an insurrecto was
visible So we marched in, in a column of fours
and Brown told his story. The natives of the
town had all been in the game. = They had moved

out their families and furniture several days
hyfore the attack Only the eighty four men with
Bos had come from the neighboring island of
Panay The Vice-President and bis six native
soldiers had fought in the ranks of the insur
rectos. ‘That afternoon thy Vice-President came
back and expressed great surprise when he heard
of the attack. He said he had been to the funeral
of bis) wife's cousin's grandmother. He is now
in the stocks at Balinbagin.

We left Brown a reenforcement of eight men
and started back to Isabella Onthe way one of
the nen stopped at a nipa hut to get a drink of
water ‘The natives were effusively friendly
But through the doorway the soldier caught a
glimpse of a Filipino uniform. Inside, stretched
on # bamboo bunk we found the commauding
officer of the Insurgent foree from Panay He
was badly wounded Among his effects the
Lieutenant found letters from the Vice-Presi-
dent at Ginigarau, stating thatthe American
force there consisted of only eight men and that
it would be a good place for a landing And he
also found letters from “Heap Military” of Isa
bella to the commander of the insurgent forces
in Panay, inviting him to send troops to Negros
and giving him the details of the American force
onthetsland and promising the aasistance of the
native soldiers and the arms and ammunition
furnished to them by the Americanos

When we got back tw Isabella we found the
air charged with mystery, ‘The natives talked
in whispers The Turks and Chinos began to
close their stores, Peck their goods and bury
their gold At night we coed hear the creak
of the carabao carts and sleds a8 the natives
noved their belongings outof town, Early on
Thursday morning the patrol was going the rounds
at about 8o'clock = In the outskirts of the pueblo
they found a native cooking rice cakes over a
fire beside hiy nipa hut. Now cooking rice cakes
is a very innocent occupation. Tf a man wonld
live he must eat and if he eats he must cook But
this particular native was cooking at8 A. M., and
he liad already cooked nearly three hundred
tice cakes, So the patrol stopped to investigate
First they investigated the rice cakes and found
them good; also the tuba to wash them down
Then they investigates the cook and when he

would pot apswer to suit them, they ted his |

hands and legs and stuffed A campaign hat into
his mouth and took bim to the Lieutenant, ‘The
Lieutenant took the campaign hat out of his
mouth and stuck the muzzle of a full cocked six
shooter in its place. Then the native talked

Yes, be admitted, the rice cakes were for a}

force of insurrectos. Their outpost was a mile
from town atan old dismantled sugarmill They

roposed to come to town on Saturday to the mar

et, with arms concealed. Then they proposed
to rush the quarters of the unsuspecting Ameri
canoa, capture their arms and kill them at leisure

The cook spent the day incommunicado That
night twenty dive men went out and surrounded
the insurrectos’ outpost. In ten minutes six
of the insurreetos were dead or wounded and the
romainder were on the run, At daylight the de
tachment advanced on the maintorea in. skir
mish line. The insurrectos retreated up the
mountain side While nineteen men) pumped
lead at them, six others darted into the brush
and climbed the mountain on their leit flank \t
a whistled signal the nineteen advanced fining
while the six gave them a flank fira The 300 in
surrectos itoutlor the east coast all but a dozen
dead and about thirty wounded. American loss
one man wounded, Frank Cavin by name

When the detachment got back to Isabella
the natives were moving back into town and were
all smiles and hats off. Some of them had been
at the outpost at the pager mill the night before
and had learned that the foolish Americans, if
shot at, ran rightat the shooter” That's a style
of fighting that utterly mystifies and terrifies o
native ie can't comprehend the advance by
rushes Anda charge makes him forget all that
we teach him end he discharges his rite from his
hip and fires at the constellation of Job's Coffin

The third day after the scrimmage four native
carriers with # litter brought a@ sick native to the
hospital steward for treatment

“Whats the matter with him?" asked the steward
before making an examination

“Mucho infrmo'” said the natives. “Mucho
infirmo!
“Why, said the steward, after a glance at the

map, “this man was in the fight the other night
and was badly wounded

“No! no! no!” they all declared emphatically
“He had a quarrel with another hombre and got

ot
The steward dressed the wounds. ‘There were
thresofthem. (ne through the neck, one through
the shoulder and one through the thigh. All the
wounds were from Krag tillets
“Where does thisduck live” naked the steward
when he had eT dressing the wounds
he natives ted ton nips hutin the middle
ef the pueblo.
“Why,” es ut “that's
of our native | was that
Rie not two goats cas.
@ are getting opinions sbewt these

THE SUN,

 

 

| the biggest bunch of raw

| handed him bis fleld bottle

SUNDAY, MARCH 4,

ee

     

natives, For one th you can put it down
44 on axiom that a Filipino simply will not tell
the truth aboutanything If hecantellalie, Stand
in the middle of the plaza and ask him, “Is this
the plaza?” and he will furtively avoid your eyes
and hesitate and hem and haw. When he doesnt
le it is because of poverty of invention

You can judge of the mental development of
this race when [I tell you that the prineipal diversion
of the adult Filipino, next to cock fighting, is
kite flying ‘I ty and picture all the adult Amer
cans of a good-sized town stopping work and
Shutting up shop on a very breezy day to go out
on the common and tly kites

| saw @ native start in to kill a dozen chickens
the otherday. Thechickens were all tied together
in @ bunch by the legs and laid squawking on the
ground, Their heads and necks stuck out in
ail directions, ‘The native, a full grown man,
took a butcher's knife and started in to kill them

He danced around those chickens and jabbed at |

them with the knife as if he were in @ sparring
match, He kept that ap for fifteen minutes and
the chickens were all hacked up, but not one of
theradead. Then our cook interfered aud chopped
their heads off

The other day | want to town to get a dozen
bananas. A native sat on the sidewalk with a
basketful beforahim = Lasked the price ofa doren
ond he said, “eight dukkos,” about four dukkos
too much. However, I took them and having po
change, gave hima five-dollar gold plece He
Rave me two pesos anda peseto in change, po keted
the gold piece, picked up his basket and started
away. Hehad«iven me $1 10 and tweive bananas
for my five dollars in gold. He understood the
making of change justas wellas tide Lex post)
lated. He kept right on going. Now, if I took
my money back the chances ara I’ land in the
stocks "he native knew it and knew that I
knew it) He kepton walking ond told methat if
T molested him he would inform the Ldeutenant
Fortunately, just then we ran right up against
the Lieutenant. I stated my case and the Lieu
tenant believed me.

“Take back your gold plece,” said he, “give
him back his change. keep the bananas and
thrash the nigger” | oheved order 3

The Fillpino women are right on a fevel with
men folk. I am not talking about the wealthy
mestizos in Manila, but about the masses ‘The
fact Is that these people are the same old Malays
L read about in the schoolbooks when a boy, and
of a low racial type, Admiral Dewey to the con-
trary notwithstanding. You see, the Admiral
met the mestizos, and I meet the natives, ‘There
are a few thousand mestizos on the islands, Agul
vialdo ts one of them; there are millions of natlves

A Filipino woman is about the homeliest speci
men of her gex that ever happened. When yau
stand and talk to her the nostri!s of her pug nose
poet right at you, and you feel as if you were
ooking into the muzzle of a double barrelled shot-
gun Her halr is black and long, but coarse as
yristles, Her teeth are good, but stained a dirly
read with betel, bonga and tobacco, Her mouth is
wide, Her eves are big and brown, but seldom
expressive. She seldom has a good voice. Her
carriage is erect and graceful, She dresses with
less taste than the American Indian squaw. She
can't cook; her bushandecan. She dandles a baby
on one arm while she brings you the food her bus-
band has cooked. If you are a guest at her nipa
hut she will caress your bare feet with her coarse
black hair while her husband goes out to notify
his friends the bolomen, 10 chop you up on your
way home after your vidi. Her husband will
pick your pocket with metropolitan skill When

add that grasshoppers, beetles and other insects
are regular items on the Filipino bill of fare you
can judge how these Malays compare with the
American Indian ‘hey hang around tha back
door of our eook house on beef days waiting for
what is left, just as the Indians hang around the
back door of an army post slaughter-house out
West. They are made of the seme stuff. There
are more of them, because the climate is kindlier

| Phat for the same reason they are a less stalwart

and aturdy race, with even fewer virtues

If there is litte good to say about the neople
here the contrary is true of the islands. This is
undeveloped wealth
that Uncle Sam ever got his fist on, The man
with «a few thousands who understands rice, sugar
or hardwood timber is golng to wet rich as Croesus
here some day. There'll be the blegest fleld for
American products here ever known. American
manufacturers should have their advance agents
here right now, learning the languages, country
and business customs The American manu
facturer who isn't getting informed on Philippine
trade is @& back number, or soon will be. These
islands are the richest chunks of productive soil
in the wide world

Now, a word about religion. | suppose some
one will object to my estimate of these Filipinos
and say: “Tbat cannot be, tor these people are
Christians; the American Indians were not”
That is another popular misconception About
10 per cent. of the population of these islands
are alleged Roman Catholics. The mestizos in
Manila, are, I'll admit, real Roman Catholics
You can judge the religious state of the balance
of the archipelago by that of this island. Right
beside our quarters here, there is a Catholic church
Mass hasn't been celebrated there — for
years. Many years ago @ so-called Catholic
priest presided over (he parish, though he had
never been ordained. He told the natives that
they should rise up and take the property of the
rich Spaniards and divide {t among themselves
Finally, he despoiled his own church, and with
a lawless band took w the mountains, He is a
leader of the Papiecios. He ts still {In the moun-
tains. IT have spoken to more than fifty of the
natives of Negros about the Pope and never met
one who did not think I was conking about the
“papa in the mountains,” a6 this bandit ex-priest
iscalled. There ore some real Roman Catholics
in Manila and Iloilo, but outside of those citles
religion is but a veneer, The hombre who goes
to mass in the morning, fies mystlo symbols on
a kite in the afternoon and practises the rites of
blood brotherhood iu the evening

On Christmas night the Filipinos serenade:
our quarters. About 8 o'clock in the evening
they showed up with a brass band and six women
singers. Viverybody was in royal good humor
The band stood out in front of quarters and played
waltzes. Qurmengathered round and applauded
Then the band played “Marching Through Geor

ia,” and “There'll Yee a Hot Time in the Old Town

‘o-night.” and our men cheered uproariously
The Filipinos apparently think that .\ Hot Time"
is the American national anthem
native women, in rather husky voices, sang weird
native songs and were encored repeatediv. Fi-
nally, the band played “After the Ball is Over,”
and the women sang it In the native language
Well, the men cheered themselves hoarse and
a few who were good singers repeated the song in
English, every one joining inthe chorus, Such
a glorious exhibition of mutual good will you
never saw. But through it all, the American
guards never deserted their posts, a half dozen
extra guards watched the rifles and every man
wore bis cartridge belt) Why? At taps the
serenaders filed away across the plaza and dis
appeared and the lights in quarters went out
Two minutes later a Remington bullet sang past
the ears of a picket and flattened itself against
the stone wall of the Papiecio church next door
The second serenade was on, The detachment
piled out into the ditches in the plaza and there
was a lively half hour before we got them on the
run for tho foothills, That's the variegated
Christmas entertainment that the Filipinos pro
vided. And every man of us, from the Lieutenant
down, knows but cannot prove that both acta
were furnished by the same natives

left to themselves, these people would start
a new revolution every market day. ‘These
islands, the richest on earth, would grow up to
underbrush. The population would divide up
into petty bands of thieves and murderers. Prop
erty rights would cease to exist. The Papiecio
religion would soon lose all resemblance to the
Catholic faith or any other form of Christianity,
The American who advocates anything but the
complete subjugation of these saraces is either
utterly ignorant of the facts or mad. Ask the
wealthy mestizo, Don Pedro, and he will tell you
the same. Every property owner in the island
will corroborate him. This letter was started
veaterday. last nimht all the haciendo owners,

th Spaniards and mestizos, for twenty miles
around, slept in our quarters under the protection
of ourrifies. They keep their wives and children
in Manila and Tloilo under American nrotection,
where they will not be murdered ji cola Geood.

 

GHOSTS FIGHTING 108 THE BOERS,

W. T, Stead Publishes a Remarkable Letter
Keceived From Johannesburg.

War Against War in South Africa ia a
curlous penny periodical published in London
Its editor is W. T. Stead, editor of the Reriew of
Reviews, and ita aim is to induce the people of
Fingland to abandon the war ageinst the loera
Among other articles going to show that Eng
Jand must be vanquished ultimately, Mr Stead
publishes the following letter, just, he sars, as
he received it from a correspondent

“JOMANNESDURG, 1th December, 1890

“In the battle of Dundes, on the 20th of October
1899, one of the Transvaal burghers met with
na heavily wounded Hussar lying on the veldt
When the burgher, who was on horseback, passed
the Hussar, the wounded man cried out for water
On this the burgher

 

whose name was otha,
The man, however,
was too weak totake the bottle in bis hands. Where
upon Rotha dismounted and gave him to drink
“The man looked athim thankfully and said,
‘Thanks!’ and then asked him in English, ‘Who
were those two valiant generals who rodecontinu
ally one on each side of the Transvaal Army, en
couraging the men and giving orders’? ‘They were
dressed in white uniforms and rode on white horses,
varrying @ flag in their hands. 1 dil not know

the flag, added the Hussar Oh, how we fred on
them! he said, dreamingly, ‘but it was all in
vain. ‘The best shot could not hit them

‘The ‘Transvaal burgher said that he knew

nothing of these generals, he bad never seen
them in the field. ‘Indeed, we have no general
cragsed in) white”

“Then it must have been angels, said the
Hussar

“He whispered something like ‘Davis, old
fellow!’ looked at Rotha bewildered, fell back,

and died
the words

“For He shall give Hig angela charge over
thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.”

Mr. Steadl’s commentary consists of quota
tions from the Second Book of Kings where it
is told how Elisha was assisted by supernatural
hosts, and the Passages from Macaulay's “Lays
of Ancient Rowe, dealing with the assistance
rendered Castor and Pollux to the Romans
at the Battle of Lake Regillus

Rotha went his way musing over

Then the six |

 

 

 

|

|

 

|

 

 

 

 

| hour

SALING THREATS,

ur

CHILD-ST

WELL-KNOWN C4°# RECALLED
MKS, STRASBURGER'S DEATH.

The Conspiracy in 1880 to Get 860,000 From
Her Husband by Threats to Kill Her
Child-A Detective Kills One of the
Conspiracors— Another Sent to dail,

It is almost nineteen years since the attempt |

Strasburga, a
by Uureats to

was made to blackmail |ouis
diamond merehant of Maiden lane
abduct his daughter Rosa who was then Il years
old. ‘The attempt ended in the shooting of one
of the conspirators by a detective and the sea
teneing of another to a loug werm in Sing Stage
Mr. Strasburger's wife, on whom the black mailers
exhausted their ingenuity to irighten her into
persuading lier husband to agree jo their demands,
died on Feb. 21 last. She died at the home of the
daughter who was the object of the kidnappers
work Mra. S. M who now lives at
44 Mast Filty-third street, Mr. Strasburger is
still living, In December, 1840, he lived at 128
Past Sixty first street

On the cay before Christmas
burger received an
$60,000 was demanded of her
that if she did not succeed in getting the money
from her husband at once something would happen
fo a member of her family that she would forever
regret. Mr. Strasburger was reputed to be 4
millionaire, and tlis was not the first begging
letter that had come W his home Though Mra.
Strasburger was much frightened by the letter
nothing happened to bear out her fears, and she
had almost forgotten the inciccnt when she was
reminded of it by an experience of her daughter
Rosa on March 27 following

The little girl attended a class taught by Rabbi
Huebsch at the synagogue at Lexington avenue
and Fijty-ninth street. While she was there
on Sunday, March 27, a wan came to the door
and gent a note in to” Dr. Huebsch ashing
that Rosa iluebsch be sent home at once as
thera was trouble there The note was
indefinite, and Dr. Huebsch could not understand
why it should have been brought to the school
by a stranger, Rosa looked at the note and sald
that it was not written by her fathers hand, or
by that of any other member of her family. Dr
Ituedech and Rosa went out and talked to the
man. Neliher of them knew him. The man
said that it had been given to him on the street,
liis description of the man from whom he had
received it was an excellent deseription of Mr
Strasburger Dr Huebsch was a good deal
troubled, but with the remembrance of the Charlie
Ross abduction fresh in his mind he determined
fo take no risks, He told the man that Roes
could not go home and detained her at the school
for half an hour or more. She was then sent
home with instructions to run all the way and to
scream and make a great fuss if anybody ap
proached her as though to take hold of her. Sha
reached home in safety. Sha learned that she
had not been sent for and that no ono was sick,

At 9 o'clock the next morning Mra. Strasburger
received a note saving that Hosa would be kid-
napped tf $60,000 was not paid tothe writer ‘This
note was in the same fine German handwriting
that had characterized the note of the day before
Christmas and the note that was sent to the
synagogue on Sunday. In partit eald

“We made an attempt yesterday to take your
daughter just to show you we can do {t when we
get ready We warn you to comply with our
demands, and if by Moncay at 4 o'clock you have
not given us the sum of money we already men-
tloned you will find a moment in your family
history that will stand out alone by Itself.
will foree us to carry out our different plans.”

The letter went on to say that Mrs. Strasburger
must enclose $60,000 in an envelope and must
walk up and down Barclay street atan appointed
Mr. Strasburger had communicated with
the police and they advised that Mrs. Strasburger
follow the demands of the letter by heeping the
appointment with a letter stuffed with paper in
siead of money. Central Office Detective leidel

Bloeh,

1880, Mrs. Stras
anonymous loetler in whieh

She was informed

very

berg was detailed to follow Mrs. Strasburger and |
to seize any man who approached her as ff to

grab the envelopa No such person appeared
The next Tuesday a note was received at Mr
Strasburger's office addressed to Mrs Strasburger

lt repeated the former threats and by references |

to the life of the Strashburgers at the seaside in
the summer showed that the writer of the letters
had an excellent source of information about the
family affairs On the following Sunday came
a letter to Mrs Strasburger saying that if she
did not want to become a widow at once, she had
better persuade her husband to meet the demands
that were being wade on him through her. All

| of these letters were signed "Executive Committee,
| ‘Third avenue.”

Thia letter asked Mrs. Straa-
burger to communicate her intentions through
the advertising columns of the Slfaats Zetlung
Inder the directions of the police advertisements
were printed that drew out extended communica-
tion from the blackmailera, This is one of them

“Lam a Pole by birth and early imbibed a race
hatred against the Czar, This caused me to be-
come involved in Nihilist plots, I entered with
veal into the enterprise against you as the rela
tions of my people against 4 tyrannical govern-
ment have bred in me tnclinations for revenge.
I receive good pay as secrotary of the Nihiliat
committee for this city, and my sole duty is to
translate for them communications in every lan-
guage. Fight days ago your daughter was to
be abducted. It was attempted through a stupid
blunder. ‘The plan was not calculated to succeed,
Properly Rosa should have been caught up in
the street thrust into a carriage and then away
with her. I in fact hindered this attempt. Last
Thursday revenge was to be had by throwing
abombat Mr, Strasburger inthe street but when
the plot was aboutto beexecuted it was discovered
that he had an envelope sticking out of his left
coat pocket and the order was recalled.

“IT am the only Israelite among the sixteen on
ourcommittee, ‘The others are all Roman Catho-
lics, I therefore resolved to warn you. I will
warn you always, but I will tell you exactly what
the plot is. The revenge section of our body
will set to work on Tuesday working on as they
please, and handling the tools of their Goddess
according to their own choica Every one will
act for himself. Don't let Rosa go out of the
house, either alone or with yourself Make few
visits and avoid returning homeatnight What
you could do for the safety of your husband [
am sure I do not know, since they value the
carrying out of their resolutions more than they
do their lives

"If you could accede to the wishes of the Nihi
liats even for a reduced amount you might get
some rest If | were in your place I could not
close my you could do as they
T would be willing to make an attempt to enter

eyes if want
into peaceable fnegouations with you
“SECRETARY BXPCUTIVE COMMUDTER
THhmp Avenue

Mre Adler, a sister in-law of Mrs. Strasburger
wes staying at the Strasburger house when all
these things were going on April
5, this note was received through the mails ad
dresaed to Mra. Adler and Mrs
said

Honorrp LAr: In this
you that | have timed the purposes of n

On Tuesday
Strasburger It

tier FP oinfoemn

ciates so that they will not he executed ate
Thursday You will have te havein your!
the sum of money demanded. Putat in
velope, Be eareful not te reduce the aniec ut
too much, er my chief will not be sattstied — bhaw
it recds se thatit-ean be ealled forcr therwise
received. Kest acsured that To warn wou cs oa
true friend You will see by the inelosed news
Paper cutting that the Nifulists Go get indulge
Intokes

The clipping was ea description of the discovery
al a dynamite bomb found inder the doorstey
of 9 prominent resident of Brooklyn Gin the
evening of the nest day a bow browerht a nete
to the house ard handed it to Mies Speiten Rosa's
wverness at the dooe On learnitug thot) “nes
Spelten wast t'irs Strasburwer, the boy snatched
the note back and ran away Police Copt Gun

ner, who was then tp command at the od Vite

ninth street stotion, was et once informed of ine
bov's visit and sent one of his wardmen to the
house to remain there dav and niet rhs
man was Samuel J Campbell, wi WS SINCO ther
retired and ishow a coal merchant ot hichmond |
Hill. Campbell waited all nights GHEE noon
the neat dey for the bey to returt AQ teeth con
Thursday the boy reappeared with another nove,
It read thus
\pril 7

"What do vou mean by delays It you do net
atonee, on the reveiptof this letter do tell yen
it will be too late for me te stay venmernee Nios
Spelten must leave the house immediately after
rou get this letter ‘There must be ro delays
Robody must leave the house after her She

must carry the envelope contaming the money
couspicucusly in ber hand, She must walk

up Sixty first street to Fifth avenue end thence |
¢

 

 
 
 

A LT LT TY

You |

  
 

|

 
  
  
    

AS SPRING SUN REFRESHES EARTH,

Dr.Greene’s
Nervura

Blood and Nerve Remedy,
Tho Great Spring Medioine,
Ronews Strength, Rebuilds
| Health, Revitalizes the Weak
The glorious sun! From it the
agth each day. What the eun is to

the world, Dr. Greene's Nervura b.

|

|

|

| ood and nerve remedy is to health.
Lifeitself! If a flower withers and droops, g

|

|

 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 

 

ive it the revivifying
-

gun, If the nerves languish, 1f the blood grows impure and singg!

ive them Dr. Gresne’s Nervura. Do you think Nature intended you

‘or a weak, miserable machine, incapable of enjoying or giving en-
jovment? No, indecd! Dr. Greene’s Nervara proves at. The
medicines contaiaed in this great nerve and blood remedy were
xpressly for the benefit of weak, sick, and run-
down human beings, It isa reserve fund of health, to be drawn upon
when all e!9e falls, It feeds the vital nerves and blood of the human
machinery wit the fuel that turns into vigor and strength. Take it
for poor appetite, dyspepsia, rheumatism, biliousness, sleeplessness,
nervousness, general debility, spring ailments, deapondency, ner-
yous prosiration, neuralgia, or other troubles originating from im-

pure hlood and teeble nerve force.

Now is the time to take Dr. Creene’s Nervura blood
and nerve remedy, the greatest and best spring remedy
the world has ever known.

  
 
 
 

planted in the earthe

 

 

up Filth avenue to the Par and into Central | been a fellow passenger with Mr. S. e
Par} If she does not do tus, then PE have only | transatlantic voyage in the proediah deahe
| to rewret that Lever wroie tb) warn you. When- and had become quite well penne =o =
| ever bears o pistl slot she must drep the | Strasburgers, calling at their house freq hb
J envely { without turnip oround she must | Mr. Strasburger knew that Vogel was despera’

| go moline ber way home after Gis as s00n | hard up for money, and moreover could

jas + ' the postel wall fired a8 a sg- | of no one else who knew enough about his f y
I nalfortertedropthe envelope, very likely before | affairs who would have been capable of planning

she wets out of Sixnty-first street Vogel made a partial conf

| auch a crime

     

 

 

| t phell, lo Whom the note was @ | as soon as he was arrested He admitted y
t fe up fotenselope and told | enough that Sagert had learned much of
' \ y the instr tens in the | Strasburger family from him, but eaid, that al-
}; COM MUA wy clr Wile she WS) though he was the man who fired the shot that
j putt Vber hat and coat the detective cast | was the signal for Miss Spelten to drop the en-
P RROUs LOF @ Way bo Bet OUs OF Oe BOnee without | elope he had done so merely at Vogel's reagent
| be ryed by toe men wlo were to follow | and without understanding what the real object
} Mis ten He went out of the beck door | of the signal was. From the proprietor of an
of the beuse and clinbed over the back fence | Fast Side store where Segert and Vogel spent
Ceo SUS PARE Ct oe ol Sin tet street | There | much of their time the police learned that Sagert
| gtrest bys rervant ton om be showed his badge | pesmeeneez, begs Sas euave tne Soe Himes
ues “ i y A “ iy ? :
| He burried over to Madicon avenue and reached aint arued that Vogel had hired rooma in Bast
| Sixty Lr Cstreet just it tiie () see Miss SpelwD | Fitty.gecond street for his “mother and little aie-
leaving the Strasburwer Louse There W@8 8) top" at about the time that Rosa Strasburger
man at Madison avenue and Sixty first ged was to have been abducted. It was never learned
on the eppossty corber Who was lic honing © | who the woman was that was to have posed as
| another man farther . Wit Sixty first street $s | Vorel's motherand asthe mother of Rosa. The
Se sist AWAY eee ee en lear | police were quite convinced that Vogel waa the real
| wae Tere i feed it hep raised & revo ad faventor of the plot against the Strasbi
Pier a duet cr antl he Bed Got cheat | and that Sagert was merely a tool. They proved
itirom he? haud, The man etl iad Hot Missed | tty the satisfaction of the General Sessions Court,
| firma wu eked ip the enveloped then | QR Oe) tam mt ng Sng for eens Joa
} Canipbell dive rhim, Campbell was the only I i .
| ete who aurvived and bio story of what | ai¢ed him to get out of the State. He has net

been heard from eince.

| happened had to be accepted as complete. He

 

|
lhe man at the corner stepped

   

chased the man across the streetand as they reach ase

ed the opposite curb, the pursued man made @ Wh

motion, Campbell said, that looked as though Found Bie Jug of lekey After 50 Years.
| he were going to oT f ‘ a rev erat, He ame From the Baltimore Sun,

threaiened, Campbell said afterward, to blow Moraanrown, W. Va., Feb. 27.-J

A ony er wats ; ‘own, W. Va., . 27.—-Joha Gu

the deteetive brains ut Campbell whipped man has a jug of whiskey fifty years of Ww. toh
| outhisown revolver, and as the ty ame weetler | aged in a curious way. Guseman liv. ‘at
[tt went off ‘The bullet enteres ce mans left) Cheat Neck, this county, fifty years ago, en

o> pad ot Ce ee ee aboy of 15 he ran away from home and never

vel I a around for the pon ee rut He! returned until this week. Before he ran away

had i b Kod escay passerby went to | he bought a gallon jug of whiakey and hid it

the station with the news that Campbell was
standing over tLe bedy of aman he had killed
at Sixty first. street d Madison avenue and
| would Lhe to be re ed

In the pockets of the man who had been killed
| were found papers that showed that he was E.
[HJ. 8 He boarded in Eldrid
| street and was in partnership with a man who
| had a perambulating telescope for the amuse-

ment of visitors to the Bowery and Broadway,
He was 4 man of considerable education
'
|

a stony pile near hishome, He went to Texas
and became well-to-do, and upon hie return
home thought of the jug ne hid half a centa

| ago. Yesterday he hunted over the groun
and located the pect and found the jug un-
touched. The whiskey, what Tittle fe une
orated, gets a bead as big as @ acap bubble
when shaken and is as thick as molasses.

 

      
 

ert of Berlin

 

HOTEL AND BOARDING HOUSE

ccommodations of a desirable o!
« found by a reference to Tae Bone gnae
tising columns.— Ado,

Among other men artested for complicity
in the attempted crime, in this city and in Phila-

delplia, was one Adolph Felix Vogel. He had

It Cures.

We Guarantee

Why HYOMET atone

Can be GUARANTEED to CURE

Coughs, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Consumption.

FACTS WHICH IF REMEMBERED MAY SAFE YOUR LIPE.

 

| lt is only through the air We breathe that the germs causing these diseases
| can be reached aud Je stroyed,

|

“Hyomei” js the oly Dry-Air Gerimicide which can be inhaled in the air
| we breathe, and the only oa known of sufficient power to kill the bacilli of

Catarrh and Consumption.
With the knowledve that there is only one way possible of reaching

these diseases, only one remedy which can be used in this way, only

 

one treatinent that has ever been recommended by the United States
Health
| case it not surprising that over one million persons are to-day

'

ports, and only one treatment for which the mongy is refunded in
fails to cure, it is
using “Hyomei” and that this universal use of the mew germicide has reduced

the death rate from respiratory diseases 30 per cent. during the past year. (See

He.lth Reports. Jan. Sth.)
mail. Complete Ouwthta, $1.00

bt stamp for postage

Trial Onthte, 260, Five

‘Hyomel’ sold by all drige sts or cont by

dar4 treatinent sent free op receip trve

THE R, T, BOOTH CO, Ithace. B. B

 

 

2