ae

ce

  

REER AT PALESTINE, O10,

The Starving Doctor and the Mystertons
Patient About Whom the Rich Maiden
Lady Consulted Uim—Indignation of the
Public Mistaken Notions About a Loan,

 

 

|
|

‘The man of experience waa submerged in serious |

thought

‘Lam very much disturbed,” he sald, “over a
newspaper account of the trouble that has bofalen
a young physician down in Virginia. ‘This
young man |g 4 total stranger to ma, but I syin-
pathize with him for all that, 1t seems that all
his di(feultiea were brought about by a mistake
in measuring out medicine, Anyway, the patient
has been brought to the brink of the grave by
tojudicious meddling with doctor's stuff, and the
physician is about to be hauled over the coals for
criminal juggling with the human constitution
Poor fellow I know just how he feels, [didn't
lack much of being in the same fix myse!l! once
It was only 4 mniracio that saved me |

The young man who amakes coughed Incredu-
ously. “That oo?" he exclaime’, “How did
that happen? I didn't know you were ever a
physician.”

“No?” returned the man of experience, com-
placently. “Well, I was, 1 haven't practised
for a good many years, but I still know 4 thing or
two. Iwasavery young man when! firstturned
my attention to the medical profession. 1 read
diligently with @ successful country ductor for 4
couple of years, Afterward I atiended a medical
schoo! in Cinclanau for a few months, and then
got my diploma. Then | looked around for a
town with @ reasonable amount of sickness and
few doctors t attend to the patients, After a
eanvass of the Ohio Valley 1 decited upon the
litde town of Palestine. Hecause of the dampness
resulting froin the annual overflow of the Ohlo
River, three-fourths of the inhabitants of Palestine
were chronio sufferers from rheumatism, and as
the town waa then wiiiout a doctor I naturally
expected to reap quite a harvest from straightening
out crooked legs and twisted arma and soothing
aching backs. [But with the proverbial perverse-
ness of fate, the river refused to goon liw customary
rampage that apring, and within two weeks after
I had settled down tn my little crazy-quilt cottare
at the footof Main street, crutches were abandoned
for the first time within the memory of the oileat
inhabitant, medicine bottles wero thrown into
ash barrels, and every trace of illness disappeared
from the town

“This was hard lines, but I resolved to make

the be ‘ the situation. For several months |
bore burden of enforoad inactivity Then
LT reac. the silver lining to my cloud of disap.

pointment, About the beginning of August I
found « patient. Mrs. Levick, my housekeeper,
riddled her with aharp glances of disapproval as
she ushered her into my offices. A patient had so
ong been an unknown quantity in our lamentable
experience that the poor soul was Inclined to
look upon any one seeing medical advice at that
late day ag a harbinger of ovii, But I was ds
turbed by no such fesling of distrust [recognized
my visitor at once, I had never spoken to her,
but I had seen her several times and knew that
she was Miss Claudia Short, theowner of the big
red brick house on the crast of Noble Hil! to the
south of the village. This was, by all odds, the
finest residence in the neighborhood and its occu-
pants were looked up to by all the village and farm
folks aa sovereigns ruling over their rightful
principality, Miss Short was severa! years older
than myself, but she was still a young woman;
thatis, shea was young as wo reckon ages nows
days, although then and in that community she
was spoken of as an old maid, for in those days
any woman who reached the age of 24 and was
still unmarried was trretrievably lost in the esti-
mation of her neighbors, and Miss Short, eo I had
been told, had already turned 30

“Nona of these abstruse points arose to ver
ms, when eho sat before me in my cluttered-up
little office and said: ‘Dr, Jackson, there is a case
of sickness in town I should like you to asa about.’

“Yes” said [, hapefully. Then ‘Rheumatism
hasn't got @ start awain at this time of the year
has it” I added, with 4 pitiful attempt at face-
tiousnesas.

“She caught the latent disappointment lurking
in my quastion and the quiet sympathy of her
mile when she answered went straight to my
heart.

“'“No abe said, ‘it ts still in abeyance. This
disease is, | fear, something more subtie than that
stan lard complaint.’

“Are are you the patient” I asked, hasitat-
ingly

“Miss Short drew back her left hand quickly
and hid it beneath the folds of her skirt
dear no!’ she rturned ‘I dispose of my band so,’
she laughed, ‘-o that you, should you be unable
to restrain your natural inclination to count pulse
beats, may be handicapped in your investigation,
T assure you my respiration and pulsation are
normal, I am in porfet health The patient
whose case demands your attention ls my aunt’

“T was somewhat disappointed at Miss Short’s
assertion that she hersalf stoo! in no need of med-
{eal advice, She was a charming woman, and I
should have been glad, indeed, to protler my ser
vicas, But things being as they were, | was quite
willing to waitupon her relaUlveasa@ substitute.

‘Where doos your aunt live?’ I asked. ‘Is she
within walking distance from here?

“'Oh, yes,’ sald Miss Short ‘She lives with
me.’

“'With your I exclaimed. ‘Why, I--I undor
stool that you lived alone.’

“L can 904 when reviewing the mattor now that
Miss Short would lave been justified in boxing
my ears for my impertigencs, but instead of avail-
ing herself of her rights she hitched her chair
a few inchas nearer ming and said, confidentially;
‘Dr. Jackson, I should not broach this subject
to you atall did I not feel that you are thoroughly
trustworthy. You did not know / have an aunt
living with ma, you gay! [am pot surprised at
that. Noone knowsit Ther? is really

 

io Teason

‘Oh, |

 

cult !t ts to always supply
dolicactos, IT can provide the sauer-kraut and
hickory nuts and plum pudding, but 1 am fre-
Quently hard put to it to get hold of genuine rab-
bita, especially when the game laws are in effect.’

‘In spite of my sympathy with my visitor and
hee afflicted relative, | laughed outright at the
deacription of this abnormal appetite,

“Perhaps, I surgested, ‘sha would feel better
if her bil of fare were to be varied oecasionaliy,
\ steady diet of sauerkraut and plum puddicg
and! ry nutes aut rabbit is apt to play havoo
With tho strongest constitution '

“Tiss Short pasponded to my n
{rrenressible lite giggle of her own ‘Ob," slo
hastened to explain, ‘live tried that, but Aunt
Mellie feela much worse without her favorite dishea
than shedoes with them, And she does bave the
Most exericiating pains!’

“A-nahemn.’ said) ‘Toan readily believe that.’

“Miss Short saw the point 1 wished to make
and hastened te cont let it ‘Ob, but they are
atthe back of lier head and in each Little finger,’
sie bastened to affirm, ‘and I an sure there can
be no connection between her diet and such paing
as thes» And, oh, ves, [ almost forgot to tell
you that she has @ chil every Weunescay alter
noon froma eloek to& Now Dr, Jackson, du you
think you can tell what alls my aunt? lo you

ek

rh with an

 

 

think you ean cure her, mental melady and all”

"T fairly groaned at the gigantic task of diag
bees tlapesed upon me My vt, in all my ex
rience, which was, of courss, limited, had I
ward of a woman who had an abnormal predi-
lection for sauerkraut, plum pudding, hickcry
n} and rabbit, aul futabled up tevether, a pain

 

In her little finger and a clull avery Wednesday
afternoon, T was unable to classify these symp.

 
  
  

  

toms, bul being desirous, for s+veral reasona, to
nake a gin sien upon sfiss Short, | dis
liked conf sae me ignorance, so I nodded

porey and began wo measure cut some powders
rom my cabinetof medicines, Miss Short watched
me cosely

“Don't give me too large a quantity at a time,’
she said It will, perhaps, be just as well to go
at Aunt Mallia on the installment plan, root ous
one G@iliment at @ time, as it wera When shall L
cal) again”

“’Saturday,’ I replied, altar @ moment's com
sideration,

“Vary well,’ aaid Miss Shoort
to terma

‘And now as
If] were te call inaCincinnati physician

or it T should go down there to consult him, it
would cost me about 810 a trp, Seeing that you
ara already on the ground, | am willing to pay

 

you half of that each time I call Wall that be
Balisfactory”
or .
Tlus generous offer opened up # vista of lux-
urtous rics in companson with my present hand:

tomouth existence, and I straightway resolved

not to cure Miss Shorts Aunt Mellie in @ hurry, |

but to keep her dragging aloug in o state of semi-
fmescence for many weeas On the follows
y Miss Short reported that ber

i ¢ finger was not quite so painful,
eased the strength of the medicine to

   
 

 

 

 

wre his cessation of pain, ‘Twica a week
tiwafter Misa Short called at my office with
at f her @ucts health which fluctuated
O5 ‘ie Ules of the 6ca, and twice a week she went

With a new brand of medicine
p to the mitdle cf October these semi! weekly
visits oveasioned no particular comment tn tha

 

 

 

I went pe
me with i!l concealed curlovity, and 1 fancie
that Miss Short was subjected to the same trritating
Inepection, Shortly alter I began to observe
this change of demeanor tn the vulage folk, wy
housekeeper came bolting into my office one

 

    

her with theso-- | ing eyes and stared at mo questiontagiy, ‘No,

 

but at that tima T noticed that wherever |
le whom I met turned and loomed ami '

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4,

 
    

six,’ said she, ‘none of those things. And when
I didn't see ‘em, although Heaven knows I nevor
expected to sea what you just mentioned, sir,
1 naturally supposed the poor woman was being
Starved to death, and of course I talked, just as
anybody else would bave done.’

“It would be hard to cay who waa maddest
at being so gulled by my non-existent patient,
the | posident, or the expert physicians with their
antidotes, or myself, We all cooled down in time
however, and [ really believe that in spite of my
Watered diploma, 1 would have been allowed to
continue in practice, i T could have found any.

dy to practise on, but as for me well, I had
a conscience, as told you once before, and Daoon
moved away from Palestine and gave up ihe
study of medicine.”

“And what about Miss Short?"asked the young
ma” whoamokes. “What became of her!”

The man of expertence sighed sadiy. *Ah,*
aaid ha, “in apite of ber vagaries of imagination,
she was a good, noble woman. Nob dy
would have done for @ total stranger What she
did ia such an ingenuous way for me. I offered
w refund to her what litde money | had left out
of her fees, wuich sie had aiways paid in cash,
but she refused to accept it

“You've earned it, she said. ‘I was attracted
ty you strangely. T knew not how else to help
you. | kuew you would not accept @ loan out
rght——""

the youne man who smokes laughed uproar-
fousiy. “That's all right, Jackson,” he said
“Misa Short didu't xtiuw you as well as we do.

 

CORNELL'S ENDOWMENT,

The University’s Friends Resent the Idea
That It Is in Debt to the State,

Iruaca, N. Y., March 3.--Friends of Cornell
University have been stirrsd up recently because
{t is asserted that the head of one of the educa-
tional institudons of the Staw has been elreu-
lating attacks misrepresenung Cornell, the gist
of which has even got tuto the editorial columns
of New York newspapers, ‘The main item is that
Cornell ts hopelessly in debt to the State becanse
the land grant provided by Congress was used
to found the university, To Cornellians it ap
pears rather that giatitude ds due the national
legislatura ‘The national offer was about to
lapse when Ezra Cornell came to the rescue with
$500,000, the State Leing unwilling to appropriate
ity own money to carry out the provisions of the
act necessary © keep the grant

The value of the national educational grant
to New York was §600,000. The Court of Ap
peals deci od so in @ rullng which cost Comeil
more than a million dollars, It was an unas-
sallable pronouncement, despite which It ts con
slanUy reasserted that the value was in truth
several millions Those who are hostile to Cor-
nell say that this is “merely ao legal decision,”
end that in reality the amount to which the good
management of Cornell has inultiplied its prop
erty should be credited to the origina! donor, or

' rather, to the trustee of the donor, the Siate

morauiag with an air of grm determ!nation sitting |

bo} ly astride har conntenance,
I think, Dr. Jackson’ sald ashe, ‘that ft ts

 

 

     

my duty to tell you, as a true friend. that the
whole countr @ is worned about Miss Short g
health, and ther aro efraid you don't knew how
to treat the case, ‘Thev're afraid, without mean
ing any disrespect to you, that you dont know
what la her yme that its nsumption
| ehe s got, and others say dropsy, while #! Il others

 

 

for keeping her presence here @ secret except tha |

 

eccentricity of my aunt herself. My auotis ver
peculiar, To speak frank!y, sheis not just mbt
in her mind = She fancies —Just think of it! she |
fancies that she is dead, ant that no one must be
Allowed to seo her This hallucinstion as per

fevtly harmless, and I have yied
ness, whether nmehtly or wrongly, | conmnot tell,
and have kept her completely isolated from the
neighbors since bringing her ere several montis
ago. Indeed, so closely have I guarded her that
not 4 soul in this nelg@aborhood “nows of her ex
igtence, excepta trusted maid and yourself. My
aunt has enjoyed excellent health up toa fortnight
ago) «(Then she began toalla little Dunng the
past week | have been really worried about her,
and thought it best to consult you
"Partly from a desire to make ¢
late discourtesy and part! from det
Short’s fvelings, I tried to repress |

to her weak

 
 

 

mendes for my
eto Miss
© astonish

 

ment which the account of the extraordinary |

idiosyneracies of her aunt naturaliv. exeit
‘And you did perfectly right.’ | said, heartily
‘T will go up to your house at onve and pay your
aunt a professional call’

‘Miss Short seemed unreasonably
at thie suggestion ‘Oh, no, n

perturbed
texted

‘That ie the very last thing in the world vou must |

do. Oneaof my aigit’s peculiarities is her aversion
toa doctor, She looks upon all followers of vour
wofessionasdisciplesofthe BEvilOne This fancy
a not the product of a diseased train alone She
always felt that instinctive distris the mem
bers of your calling, even in her young dave
an! J really believe that if you should imtrude
upon her now, in opposition to her express con

mands, she would cive way to such exceasive
anger that her n woulll become decided

  

  
 

  

   

critical No, Dr 40n, You must doetor nv
aunt by prosy., [will dasctibe her aymptome to
you accurately, and vou must make vour diag

    

nosia from that and preser be a
you do that”

ordinigly Can

 

 

 

I don't know,’ T returned dubionsly. ‘T never
tried [ suppose T ean, but the rea! question is,
ought Pte geo blindfolded inte anything ao ser}
as preseribing medicines that ara to be taken
the human system” Does your aunt know
vou have consulted a doctor”

Oh, ves,’ said Miss Short, ‘and str ra to BAY,
she approves of my seeking sour
roshed n't aee vou, she will be all -
acqriescence thus far is, tomy mind, pe
proof that she is in a sad state

Miss Short was plainly very mu !
over the illness of her relative Shiv elasper

hands nervously and worked the toe
in and out of the fringe of the heavy nm

      
 

  

 

 

 

t m hor agitate I began to
‘ ns as to the nature of the ailn f
err pati nt as all assurance t ati u Tone er
hositat-d to take charge of t ase
tlaasheananpetite “d
Mise Short raised her hands toward heaven,
“Appetite” at aid Ravenous, st ‘ew raven
ou And she does crave the quesrest combi
Pations of dishes,’ she added as an afterthought
*‘Htor articles of diet {nirly shriek at each other.’
For instance,” I suger sted

Woll said Miss Sbort, ‘sho is especially fond
of sauerkraut and plum pudding and hickory
Buts and rabbit, not Welsh rabbit, but plain,
@veryday rabbit. You cannot imagine how dilll-

 
  
 

an ere on tlhe m

 

incline to—well, they think it may be fits, But
TU tell you one thing Tir, Jackson, and that is,
It world be a good thing for yon, professloually,
if yor wor t keep things quite ao close,

“Mrs. Levick’s wnexpected attack took me en-
tlrely off my quar. i isnt Miss Short who is

  

 

  

 

 

 

sick,’ 1 blurted out, childishly It is her aunt
Vve been treating lier ail this time, and 1 know
pesfecty vell what is the matier with her,’

This latter declaration was, of conrsa, a big
white lie, for [ re had no more idea of the old

   

    

in the moon, but
defence and that
iment | could think
Mra, Levick
from disappoint

‘Why,

laiy # complaint than the me

had to say sometning in se
Was the most convincing arg
of on the spnr of the mument
expression changed rapidly
ment to surprisa,

Fal her aunt?’ shoe
lives alone

"Now, if I had been an older or a wiser x
Tshould have invented some plausible fh to «
up the Llunder I had aiaady male, but being
inexperienced and seeing 1 had already sunk
my f ot pretty deep into the muddle, I took Mrs
Levick into my confidence and t

{ ber all about
how I had been treating Miss Shorts aunt by

 

 

 

 

repeated,

 

she

  

eT

 

  

 

 

 

provy, | took the precantion, however, to im-
Press upon her the {mnortance of secrecy, and
she, realizing that our joint living was dependent
upon this strange malady, vowed that the tor
tures of the Inquisition would be powerless to
drag the secret from her | I helieved her

   

luch regretted 5
r then it was that my
nan received its first

 

then, but a week later I y
fe nal loquacity,
of w

‘

 

 

Ww
At that time, each

had a Roard

of Public Health whose duty it was to oversee
the sanitary conditions of all smal towns, make
reports on the treatment of the inmates the
poorhouse and ja and inei keen half

lentalls

thods of the prac

  

 

clans with whom they came in

bright Octoher afiernoon who should [

riding up to mr door but the Pre :

n ard of Health, With him were two men whon
] knew to he prominent piysicians of Batavia
The President hemmed and hawed around for
a moment after entering my eh

 

A’ aA meah-
ia
iy

you, point

 

fnug look from one of the d

“Dr. Jackson, I may as
blank, that tere have been nur
mate to the board as to your
a@ certain case in this villace
our bounden duty to invest 8

“I felt myself crow very limp, indeed, at that
"You refer,” I said, weakly, ‘to’ ——

“To Miss Shorts a’ said the President

‘IT must warn vou beforehand that uf we find facts
’

 

 

it has become
rate the charge,’

and

 

 

 

  

   

shoestring
“GTACIVIS

tite!

rabbit
‘'What'a that” nutinone ofthe doctara sterni¢

She has lost her appetite

Lord!’ To interrupted Her anne

 

 

 
 

   

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

     

 

 

 

 

| State falls to

as represented, ft will go hard with both you ar
Miss Short, who, it appears, liave heen acting |
in collusion in tampering with the life of this
lady. The whole county is r g@ withre
ports of the mysterious affai s $I 8
confidential maid has put the tales into circula
tion. It seems that the old lady has her
murat for eo long 4 period within the ¢ rails
| of thatroom over Miss Shorts 1, dining reom that
ahe bas literally fretted andl grieved herself into a

Hicwxory nuts, plum pudding, sauerkraut, |

| and action @ credit to taeir Counwy and to their
olticers they have very litte to co, as the entire
population is peec le and friendly and sausfied
to be Americanos Lhis feel is especially
gtroug an ~ the young men, and the rising
generation of both Sexos from appearances will |
he as enthusiastic Yankees as our boys and girls |
in the States The fact that there are less than
two thousand United States troops on the entire
island, with close to a nullion population, shows

 

 

[tds not Uisputed that the criginal serip brought
only $600,000, although lizra Cornell paid more
than the market price for some of it. To this

 

|

he added $500,000, Therefore nearly one-half |

of the multiplication of values must be credited
to him. Stull further, Ezra Cornell, tn process
of locating land for the university, spent d. 66,000
of ds own money. ‘This was later repaid from
the profits of the luvestuient, but it was an indis
pensable part of the original sum at the disposa
of the university. Lastly, in oder to keep the
land thus secured, while waiting for higher prices,
Andrew D. White, John Mccraw and other trus-
tees added from ume te time several hundred
thousand (ollars, without which the {nvestment
and wits it the prospective profits must inevitably
have gone by the boe rd. t

fosum up, Cornell's recaipts from her Western
land specwation ara the profits from an Invest-
ment cf which onequerter, §600,0U0, was sup
plied by the Congress grant, and Wiree-quarter
about $1,600,000, was supplied by Ezra Cornell
and other trusteas of the university, ‘Lhe total
protits from the land speculation are a trifle over
$4,000,000, of which therefore about $1,000,000
may, in @ sentimental survey of the matter, be
credited to the State—or to the nation jtivare
provided Mhat no recognition be accorded to the

ime and thoug!.t given in the course of the specu-

lation by two mllon-masing financiers, Ezra
Cornell and Henry W. Sage,

As tuition at Cornell is $100, $125 and $150 a
year according to course, the lowest financial
cost to the university of the 512 free scholarships
it has given tue State cannot be leas than $60,000
a year,
the income on a considerably larger sum than
can, even on sentimental grounds, be accredited
to State, or national, beuefections. —§ Figured any
way possible, Cornell hag returned to the State
dollar for dollar, ifit has pot made the State actual-
ly its debtor, and therefore the objection to com
pensating Cornell for the extra eiguty-eight schol-
arships demanded by the new Constitution of the
tie ground

And it must ba remembered that to Corneliiana
it seems fairer to compute the value of the free

*holarships on the basis of the actual cost of
tuition, about $300 to the individual, though the
faes are only fro
to take into consideration that the coat of educat-
ing ita students constantly rises, ar | the rate of
interest on its investments constantly falla; and
lastly, to compute at lanst a fair sum as the valus
of the services rendered by such money
asternell, Sageand theirhelpers. If it hefairto
do this, the State, the Cor ans say, iain real-
{ty hope'asale in debt t) Cornell, which hag al
ready returned moro than the original gift and
accumulated interost

 

 

 

   
 

 

   

 

PUERTO RICVU TO A NEW YORKER,

A Business Man's Favorable Impressions ef
the Island and Its People,

SAN JUAN, Puerto Feb, 1&—From
whatever point of view the city is seen It ts Ike
an elaborate stage picture. The houses as well
as the fortification, Government buildings, &c.,
rise in tiers one behind another and the embra-
surea for the guns, the parapets, and the Moorish
towers here and there add to the effect All the
bulldings are of brightly painted stone or brick,
with marble dled floors and stairs with fron rail
ings. The interior partitions and roofs are also
of masonry, 80 that the town practically ts in-
combustible and needs no fire department This
ap)ties to the poorest quarters of the city as well
as to the best, and the only excepuions are a few
detached wooden houses and the negroes’ huis
at the south end Lookiug out from the city
in any direction the same suggestion of stage
seenery a#ulkes The blue waters of the
ovean on the one side and the bay on the other,
with the wooded plaing and the bills and moun-

ico,

one.

 

tains rising in the distance and the clear atmos-
phere bringing everything apparenUy into such
trical arance, ibe

range Leighten the the ap) :
views in every dueeUon are Leaulul Walking
through the city cue bs struck with the smouiws

 

clean brick paved uarrow streets with thew over-

 

hich, at current interest rates, representa |

TELEPHONE, GIRES AT WORK

THERE ISN'T ANY PLAY, BUT THERK
4KhK REST TIMES,

The Hello Girl a Factor in Modern Life
No Subscitute for Her She's a us
Person A Visit te Her Workroom
Shows There's No Time for Privelity,

Beri

 

“The telephone girl isthe telephone company,
sofaras the publiels concerned,” sate | Bethel,
general manager of the New York Telephone
Company, to a SUN reporter, "It ts only laos
ceptional cases that the officers of the company
and the subseribers comein contact ‘The burden
Of ropresenting the company falls upon the cits
In spite of the funny papers and the workout
jokes about the hello girls, we consider that the
VOU young women employed In the telephone
system of Greater New York form perhaps the

 

moot efficent, trustworthy and well-behaved
class Of women emploveea in the city, ‘That
may wound presumptuous; but if you will ro

down to our operaling room and examine the
(ype of girl there, or if you will wateh our giris
os they flock out upon the street at the close of
business hours, you will see what linean, ‘The
objectionable telephone girl of tradition did extst
and in some cases does still exist In small towns,
but there is no place for her in the telephone sys
tom of a large city, An alert intellicence, an
agreeable and courteous disposition and manner
and a talent for attending to her own business
are the requirements that a girl must have if she
wants to stay with us If upon trial she proves
wanting in any of those characteristics she is
dropped That is all.

“I wish some one would put a fair estimate
of the telephone girl and ber work before the
publig In the first place, she does a nervetry! ¢
work of which men are positively incapable
The experiment of using boys in the exchanges
wos tried again end again in the early days of
the telephone, and lnvariably failed. Theaveraye
boy hasn't enough patiouce or courtesy to make
the business run smoothly He loses his tem per,
is gruff and surly, antagonizes the subscribers,
is importinent to the supervisors, and is generally
unsatisfactory There ate exceptions to that
tule, of course, and we have men operating our
exchanges on the docks, in the commercial ex.
changes, &o, where & woman would be out cf
place, All the European cittes have experi-
mented with telephone boys, but they, too, fell
back upon the girls, and ] know of no city, save
Munich, where the teiephone girl isn't having
things her own way

“The wors is hard. We realize that, but it is
eurprising how seldom the health of one of our
girls fails. Marriage ts the ouly thing that thing
our ranks, and the same girls stay with us year
after year. The prevalling good health we at-
Iribute to the precautions taken against over
fatigue. Livery operator has a relief period in
the morning and another tn the afternoou, which
she may spend in the readin rooms, or, if she
wants to lie down, in the rest rooms If, for any
Teason, some one operator has an especialy trying
hour or two of work—as, for example, the girl
who receives the Broad Street calls during a sud
den flurry in the Wall Street markets— the
visor, as soon as the rush elachens, sends her
to the rest room, where she lies upon a couch
in absolute quiet, until her nerves ara steady
and she feels ready for work
the same thing is done, and if, in the juden
of the head operator, it is necessary, a4 girl
always be excused to go

“We keep enourh relief operators to fill all
vacant placaa ‘ihe linch interval lasts forty
minutes, so thereaneed benohurry and consequent
indigestion. We have comfortable, quiet dining
rooms, where matrong serve free cotlee and tea
to the girls, who bring their own luncheons

“One thing that the girls seem to appreciate
especially is the fact that there is no necessity
of their appealing to any man for excuses. ‘The
head supervisor or operator has absolute aus
thority to grant relief ve of absence,
if the girl's explanations seem satisfactory toler,
and, although Managers aro men, they
have little or nothing to do with the girls, save

super

In case of illness
ent

   

home

hours and |

the

 

   

 

when one of the latter isreported, by asupervisor,
| for some delinquency. AU this consideration of
the girls’ comfort and feetings isn'ta question of

one-third to one-half as mach; |

makers |

hangiug plas. ds, tue arcued eutrances ty tie |
buildings and the welleivcaed busy aud busi-
! ihe Slwies.

'

We read of the dirt and poverty of Cuba, but
noting of the surt is apparent here, ‘Lhe peo
ple of all sorts and conditions jouk’ Well, are dressed
cleanly ana brightly ead there are no dirty «hil
{ren or ragged negroes in #h, quarter such as
we see ip our own Southerncitis, Ln @ weeks
walking through al! paris 1 bave not seen 4
beg,ar or any one wh looked a8 if he did
pot have enough to eat Neither have | seen
an inwxicated person, though cafes and “Amen
can bars ¢ plenulul aud native ruiais cheap

fhe American soliers here are eiluwed to
have almost every liverty,and are to be met with
everywhere and are in appe nee, nm

nner,

 

 

 

 

the friendliness of the Puerto Ricans.
As regards comfort in living, of course, {t {s
but there is @ refreshing breeza from th

warn

ocean or the mountains almost always, and wath |
proper clothing one ean be comfortable, We
have wood drinking water and there are four
ice factories and a Aith is being built, earls
rerything ip the way of fol supplies that can
tained in New York is obtainable hare, and
fruits, @e., in addition, The \ew Yorker

the newi of American cookery, ‘Though
there are some “American” hotels here, 80 called,

rease and ontens are still too conspicuous The
Bee! and milk cattle are of the best, fat and sleek

anywhere, but American ways of killiag and

ang the beef would be a big improvement
Fish areexcel, otand plenty There is no game
worth eking Of, but neither are there poison

  
  

is snakes or insects, so we won't grumble at
tuat. Of course we have summer vegetables,
' s, omatoes, lettuce, &e., all the time, winter
‘ i stimamier,

With free trade and the general position of
ecuality with the Stites that Puerto Rieo is en
ttod to as American ter ry there wul be an
inflis of American capital and enterprise that
Will, before many years make this one of our States
tobe proud of.” Labor is cheap. industrious and

wh Cap tal and direetion are what is
} heeded, Suwar, collee, to co and) oranges
ar the erop. to raise and the soil and the workers
r Mones abd intelligence are needed

part itly tn the develupmiant of the tobace
ond fruit industry There iv @& great future for
beth these crops here, Tobaeco ta good now
but suproved handling and curtog will equal
& (any Havana oranges and ptneappies
of the best variet «flourish in all parts of thefisland,
and before long taeir production ja large quanti-

“But my dander was up bys that ti and!
refused to explain my comrent Jet Misa
wt abort her anpetite,’ T said he will ull

| yar eversthine vou ought ta know!

} = So we will, sai! President, iratele We'll
gooup to the Hill Tense at once, and w :
we ara about this, Dr Jackaon, I mar ase wel!
eav that I rerret to have to inform von at we
dave discovered that 1s } elved 4 j A
for A 1, fora . 1, before you had
finfalied the’ preseri f etudy. Tf wa
find thie lady's health has boen imnaired by wour
monkevirge with angers s vou will be
called upon ta pay A Sever alts

{ was thorouchly fright 1, for after
all t) Vv ’ i \ ‘ ' 1} thera
WAS MOF ‘ ’ accrsation
Hut T had nerve int) os so} put )

a front as I 1) camry ter the cireu
etances and Ww ro went t t p the hill to
lise 3 \ Mi f rt oA ed us
Phe Presifent w \ , and he did
not soare her feel ntat her | mer and
tones, fust 09 he had pres ly struck ont at
me, Miss Shert bare up the severe ar
rk ' re bravely 1} Tha ,

“ ‘ ‘ «! anid, flachir I A YI
pat! glan hat you have been put io ar
trouble on my ac nt, Dr ackeon, and T alsa
reret the incal sour loia Bat I
aseore 1 that e@ theugh vou hea
am Al expert, you bave done no M
ant

‘Hlere ‘fies Short stopped and began to laugh |
{mmo leratels

“Well, what about your a said the Presi
dent Judging by reporta she is in a !
wav, and these lem r rule ply a
bah of. the have a hind me
jeer anti aan core em i f ‘y

Y bave bad to da in aeveral ¢ s WwW in

ing men with purca i 18
ty tampere. with » Will
luetustoyeuraur
stopped laugling then and looked
\ er she said, ‘we well
cn { \ « ena cant i
tama In the first “| rhad an Nunt
Mellie a) purely nr magina
tion, Li ed her for the | \
¢ «4 tow I TA
1 y prserve ! parce of
fp |
q a ,
rig
a .
tueral ‘
poor
the physiciana
Wf at :
ss) q
I wir
vowa ter
ADA 4
ro eyes.
runt, T n't
© } tos
I * ,
for nthsan| months avs '
locked, and I aupy asset it was j for
store roam. But when Mis evioK asked me
] heean to keep my eyes open Irnever doubted
bi a doctor had told M er the truth,
and when n't we Mins arrying up
vi s 0 hing

“| ‘ as Pion put the * ishing touches
to my humiliatio ‘NO Wirt arried up?’
I tuterposed ‘No hickory nut or plum pud-

ee

Why

ding nor sauerkraut nor ra

“The girl removed bet apron from her stream-

|
|

ie

‘for the States will be among the American
t

  

t

ente « here, Snear and coffee have first
piace with the Puerto Hican agriculturists and
will probably always be thelr staple crops,

1
@
»

, 4
t
li
ri
8

1 business.

philanthropy, It is @ matter of yom
‘The operators are valuabie to us and their work

 

 

   

  
 

 

 

is trying. It pays us to reduce the nerve strain
to the minimum and get satisfactor services
That the girls appreciate the considers: i
proved by the fact that they very rarely pres
Upon thelr privilewes

We are taxing on new girls every day, | a)
¢Choosethem very carefuily, and t u
jor “ ‘ t 1 y iv
ressponsibi ) hand
expert, li r and w
unul she rideacft n
in slack hours the neweom or ti ’
board and tie old hand shows { .
work, Someofthegirls pickituprapidiy. Others
are slow, Some can never leoru, Uniess a ¢
has 6 certain Quickness and alertness a collece
education will not make her a successt te
phoue gir Our post) satisfactory employees
come to us when they ara about 17 years old and
have just finished ther 4 o ax cour
If we try a girl at all we give ta far, 5 t
trial, When she doesn't lear
we give her another wh t
clear up the

 

Weeks © @ is
to let her go.

    

   

 

  

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

with the hinderance and inconvenience of tes
ing intheoperating room. W sdut
BWitchboards ia the sel ane Ww vot
only bea taught the teet t r
but will have hadenourh practices to make t
skil and self contident before thevjiever ait pt
the reg WOTK ue a \ to th ra 3
rooms and vou cal wet some idea aa to What thot
regular work mear
ihe reporter was led through laree syne
roading fr 4, where scor {g ung
in @asy chairs the goof r
found himself 20 feminis r 4
framed in telephe r Ker 0 { the
aA) gir was IslY powiug 1 '
V! : din front
ol triously, 5 nee the vs
rut . , iINALEN thera prov
bea met} but 1! ur
the svstem id fearful i r
atthe tr mse Cone
for by « fons, and, in aw
their work at of the wirls w
answer ca nos riber
trunk lineguris have little or not 1
merely make the connection ed for and
exchange iling f 1 '4 1 r
else Suill thi { ry liv for. .
of the trunk per r lary t
handle the eennecti { tread {
change, which Includes Wall street and 1
tisipict AVOTARe Gurl Cam Lake Boo y
connections in ) ir it neofthe onerar re
canna a hour without bly “
Vhe tS are necessar! lower fr

} their work, ‘They answer the subserher's "

} make lie nection, call up the person art
other end of the line, and ar { i
plone girls known to they i t the ¢
that one of the ete " it and! B00 4
an l r ter ies a quicktess and abilitw bes |

e underta woof that publi j

irl has a certain number of meniber possi
v Hiftv or sists after. + ! 1 tn hae
lower board hold ati %
ining sir i f her ibseriber
ne ' { ird i Verna
mtiaining 4 for oa ! {1
vatem Linder these boards re the “eopd

I fusuleted wir ' “ wor ;
lines and termina ; i Cot ion is
ra! hoer tn ntoa re
it n f this, t he Ja
man, sour cipher ! Wore if
the telephone compat Peompel each sub
ecriber to pay a Sisit to the operators’ p
hie exchange, and, wi le 1 j the vir
his wire work, listen t ical explana :
of her apnarently erratl insane perforna
he would ome a chastened man, and fu the
future would) breat huweyed accents into hi
telephone receiver

In the last ten year nnumerabla changes
have been made in the telephone svstr n Ski |
engineers are constaniiv a! wer tn detopmipad
effort to reduce tia mer rd and fnerease the
efficiency of the tem; and the gain of @ fracti
of a second in transmission ts haiied witt ‘
Certain delays seem inevitable but the aver
time of an answer to a call has worked down t
flve sevond bvery effort has been made towar
focreasing the automatic ac + Of the swete
and the swt | r hay bevy ' r
lutionized The visual or « oe Ke
tem is rapidly pushing th
existence, Aid TiS a tages ar t vou

\ even t the ercine heniit n
ndler the k bacrbep is
electric lary fins hother ta
Vhe subseriber does n well ri ne j
ta his meeiver from the } The inst
that he does this the lamn u t his iaek the
onerator’s board glows brilliant y . °
raspetus, A ting the roquired number, dra
out the rd connected with the eu rier’
and puis theoliuginto the jack of the poguired
nectior his act Hehts the lanin heeide t

and thatiamp will burn as long as the line i
When the subseriber hangs un his receiver the
Maint will t. ‘This does awae widh all necessity
of the operators brealing in tipo those using the
wire with, “Are vou through?” Tt al does
away with the trouble that formerly arose frou
subscribers’ cerelesanesa about “raging off’

 

1900.

The claims made for the Aeolian are stron

The Acollan Deacrihed by an
Aeolian Owner,
i Latter from a well Known artist,

Y oc’ i ‘HE longer I live
P with the Aeolian,

the more I admire and the
more I use it. I began
with the first instrument
made and end with the
largest. Each and every
one has been thoroughly
satisfactory, and the small-
est instrument made by
you is in truth a well
spring of delight, enabling
its owner and friends to
enioy the best music of
every kind without his
possessing any technical
education or skill.
“Symphonies, overtures,
sonatas, organ composi-
tions, dances, and songs;
in fact, everything in the
realm of music is at the
instant command of him
who hasan Aeolian. That
many thousands of Aeo-
lians are in use is only
natural; the only surpris-
ing thing to me is that
there should be a single
tamily with any love of
music without it. There
can be but one explanation,
g namely: ignorance of what
the Aeolian ts, and what can

be done with at,”

f eeeceeeenemeet—e
bd Note,The Mollan plays all cla of

 

ff music, making instant'y and always accesal-

bie any selection you may desire to hear,

played just as you desire to bear It played,
Mm for the expression is under the absolute con-
trol of the player. Tle Lan can be
played by any ove, It requires no musical
knowledge whatever con the part of the
performer,

The cheapest Aiollan plays nearly seven
thousand pleces—and plars them well, too

 

    

or

 

fewer motions, and, consequently, her efficiency
is increase! Her comfort, too, is incre. » for
the light signal is much less trying to her nerves
ian the constant buzz of the belly im her ear
\ ® each board is alarger lainp called the pilot
Jaap, which lights \ henever a smaller signal
burns, If, by any auce, the operator should
net sea the small signal, the big one will call her
4tiention to the board. Mor

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

       
 
 
    

      

    

 

 

   

 

 

     
   

 

   

 

 

 

 

the altention of the sperviser of the secuon, and,
if ‘he operator neglects the signal, the super: tsor
Wi ‘ 1 Wh upon her in righteous wraith
‘uy old fashioned persoa who clings to the
ida that telephone girs chatter and gossip, new
leet their calls, Ana do vot pay attention to ther
Work, hag never sen a@ city telephone exchange,
lie @irls are grouped see ns, five or Six
bear to 8 group Ihe) 2 seCULON paces
a hee eyed Supery r, Up Whom hel ‘8
f th perators is lost. She can tell in an in-
tant fag s neglecting a signal or working
ee | \ ore nia ' g \ her nearest Neh h
M ver, she ha ord and plug which
st All ¢ twith eny line without the girl's
krowledg {so listen to that girl's conversa
t v } Wires Jhe monitor supervisors
4 i their central desks to cut in
Ul jon, and listen to any gir! who
fs 1 So th | us slangy h ilo
gin of tradi Is 40 Uupossibidity in the ely
es ha ro
I") 1a) system of making calls has another
alvant jon to those already uamed,
lt simplifies machinery at the subecriber's
er of the line, doing away with the magneto-
generator required by the old bell system, and
i the consequent necessity of irequent Visite
bs inspectors. Linder the new system the power
ani mechanism are centralized at the exc bones
and under constant inspeetion of skilled cu-
givneers. This common bettery idea is the most
In.por t recent step in teh phene lution,
an! tesis show that it eff cts an ast hing ite
provemer mn effelen and speed, Six he
sixteen New York exchanges bave been «quipped
with the new boarus, and the rest will be similarly
titted t within two years. The change is of
Necessity rather slow, because the (clephone ser
‘ {1 exchenge must be continued while
the new system ts ge put in, and that fact
c } ites the difficulties o; the work
Thea ace rates introduced five years ago
were a her innovation in the telephone system,
and edd auy to ihe work of the operators. It
“ fuu t Sole s CPi lL tine
p! s constandy, others seliom, and an ar
rangement was made by w h subseribers could
ha 1 prs vie "phone, but pay separately for
each eal The result was an increase in the
subserly n list ar the accommodation of tha
pudlic, but the girls are obliged to register each
messace call on a cheek, ing the ‘phone num
wr ste and he The sw CUPCAS
are ¢ { each hour 0 handle
il ‘ ftewa calls, reqe ge toil el ‘Ss, are
ale ma (tehecks giving number
date ¢ | ne whe wire i All
this is f « f Ndous nittsanee, and
eles ns have racked their brains for me
device that would co this registering Work auto
matical The calculagrap chs, LOW beg
triel, promises well nd, if satisfactory, will
be intro in all the exchanges. When a
( w operator slips a cheek into the
clocks slot, When conversation begins she presses
a lever When conversation ends she presses
tt er acon and the cueck slips out duly
stamped ans irrefutable .
e automade “boey «signal” is another {m-
por lant ure of the prt ite boards, At
I 1 vets a call fi A BU DSCriber, Who Wants
t aia number, Now, any other one of the
( ators 4 connection with that desired num
ber, and niay be at that instant using the wire
Thies « oes no talking to find out that fact
Sho tekes her rd plug and starts to put it into
Whe pr r ‘ Phe instant the plug touches
t jech there is a click it ie operotors ear, and
how Wire i: busy In other words, the
instant @ wire is cause by any one of the boards
that wire is automatically protceted on overy other
oar it in reyard ty this: busy signal that
nine tenths of the trouble with subseribers oceurs
W na 1 Watile A tele} w number he wa
ft in a hurry, The * perator tries to make t
ri ciion aud hears the pu Senal, She tells
tlw jbscriber, Wiio Wedts About t irt¥ seconds
aud calls again ihe ne is still puss, and the
‘ A is aosolutely helpless in the matter
& cau tgive him the connection, no matter low
ir herintenti n i ely
Jess tr fort to slip the plug into the feek
1 ‘1 the busy wii; bul the aver
t iner d nt erasp thet fact Hesxina
} ‘ ' s pon deheving that the
in aii t tion and laziness ont
} the ” r lle vs his
sa = Then he calls up the m
‘ lalos hit manarer being A ma
‘ raid ev perio: SH teapect his icate patr
t p the proposition that, wiven a single wi
ne man can talk over itatone and the se
time, Mathematics and log Ara Wasted upon
I i rath
an ooperater cannot get a connection she
porta fo an it super or ho investipat
at if she a » falls, the mater is lande ni
the wire There's aman whose case w {
i t We tears From t
{ng ina tele ar
} t tre !
| recoiver, jor wich she is
} the new exenanges
‘ Tv 4 belng t i, |
Eine transmit I
h . mA

       

ti ng ther
t 1, ar 90 BAY? AN }¢ {
tinie. Nnothor arcume ae a in
that In these germ: ride jaye the a
transmitter ts a safeguard for the hye *
girl, aud everything that y rks for welfare
of the onerator works for the improveret ‘ the

telephone system,
Phere ia a popular impreseion that, mt!

the
The operator does less talking, gues throagh | increase of automate teiephone devices, 1.2 “ie |

ver, it will attract |

3

, but not stronger than the evidence offered In support of them.

 

 

 

| THE
AEOLIAN]

IN THE

A Partial List of Aevliam Patrons,

Rulers and Membors of Reyalty.

Her Majesty Queen Victoria,

His Holiness Pope Leo XIUL

on” Moijesty Queea Maria Christina of
ya lta,

Hie Tinperial Highness Grand Duke Alex-

ander Mchallowtteb of Russta,

His Grace the jhuke of Fife

Her Grace the Duchess of Devonehire,

Hie Grace the Duke of Manchester,

Ex- President Grover Cleyelaud.

Among the Musical Profession,

Ignace Padterewsk!, Concert Plantat.

Ema Calve, Operatic Supranoe

Edouard le Reazke, Operatic Basso,

Mie, Nordica, Operatic Soprano

Luigi Mancinelll, Cond. Met. Op. House

The late Aiton Seidl, Coud. Pu. Sue,

Albert Rows barsons, President American
College of Muste ana,

Jean de Kesske, Operatic Tenor.

Merl Rosenthal, Concert Pianist.

Ewt! Sauer, Concert Piantst

Railroad, insurance Men and Bankers.
George J. Gould, Pres, Man. Ry
5S. RK. Callaway, Pres NYC @ HLRRR.
®@ E. V. W. Hoss ter, Treas.N Y C.@H_R.R.R.

A. J, Cassatt, Pres, Pena. RK. R.

Jo GQ Cassatt

The jate frank Thomson, Pros, Penn. RR,
HOH, Vreeland, Pres, Met. st. Ry,

Dr, Seward Webb, bres, Wag P. C. Co,
Ri bard A McCurdy, Pres: Mut. L. In. Co.

 

 

 

‘It enables every |

 

Sliue ?. \.ood, Pres. Uritish Ain Ins. Co,
John R. Hegaman, Pres. Met. Life lng. Co.
J. Pierpont Morgan,
e The late Anthony J. Drexel, 1)
John RK. Dresel
one O en 0 Ore Jauew W. Paul, Jr,
The late J. Hood Wright.

George W. Sherman,
Charles Lanier,

chestral music at

Capitalists & People Socially Prominent

EB. D. Morgaa

Heury Clews.

Mis. Anson Phelps Stokes.
W. CC. Stokes.

The late Co;.velius Vanderbilt
W. KR. Vanderbilt, dr

pleasure.

 

 

R. M. Colgate
Russ.) Cc legate,

S. M. Colgate.

H M. Flagler,
Fugene Higge.ns
Judge Ro VPryor
Thomas A. Fdison,
Edwin Gould

Miss Helin Gould
The late Ogden Goelet
William P. kno
George W. Elking,

A Mis W. V. brokaw.
Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard.
O. H. VP. i elmont.

A. B. Milton

Jefferson Seligman,
Washington 5S iigma

The late George W. Childs.
Cyrus U. K. Curtiea,
Richard Stevens

A w. Claflin

M. K. Jesup

Com. C. A. Postley,

m George H Pcusimana,

mw KE. G. Fabbri

 

E. Francia Hyde.
Merchants and Manufacturers.

Andrew Carnegie,
Willian Rockefeller,
P. Db. Armour
P. D, Armour, Jr
J. A. Armour.

The Aeolian Company, § §.°¥2 ecru

Rodman Wanamaker
Thos. B, Wauanaker,

18 West 23d Street, New York, JMU" ccre’'rren Singer Manat toe

Molian Grand
Other styles f:

*rice $750

5 to $2,500,

 

F. A. Constable, Arnold, Constable & Co,
H. 8. Jaffrey, B. 8. Jaffrey & Co.
Newark (N. J.) Representative, W. G. Brokaw, Brokaw Bros,
= 7, ‘ " a Sweetser, Peiobrok & Oe
W. W. Fitler
LAUTER CO., 657-659 Broad St. i The late Edwin H. Fitler,

Edwin H. Fitler.
Horace ])\sston.
Elihu Thomson, General Electric Co.

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

    
 

   

!
| phone girls have grown fewer and further between; | NEw yor
ut thet is a mistake Vatious immenious de-f 0 an
| coe ee at: aa nes ee | Nationalities Represented Largely in Vari
with a degree uf success: but to the ‘telep! ne ous Cities of the State.
seets and oy, ee penne baad alee me Weaifae For mony years there has been a large Swedish
| ber wetions may be rappad out and ¢evlony in the city of Jamestown, Chautauqua
work matically on @ small seale but, county, N. Y., whose population was returned
fees gi Min Aa EL AUEERS | gt the Inst Peiral census na 16,088.“ Jameetown
|New York has 40,000 wlephone Pe y | is atthe foot of Lake Chautauqua and it has been
! large {city system in the world, and larger thon | for a number of years the place of publication
Peete heme tt hie The lon et ee | of a Swedish news; aper and has returned unt-
| Bery toll charges, message rates, and a host, formly large Republican majorities, its vote at
| of other comparatively new detni 8, pile up the | the Presidential election of 1896 being 998 Demo-
| Deeg Ane compacabons Ol the teeplone | eratic and 8,736 Republican on the Presidency,
"It would be absolutely impossible,” said Mr. f Recently the Swedish Republicans of Jamestown
Rethell © the business in a say 804@ | held a mecling to reeord their approval of @ cers
for late ‘ ‘ aun fe «ait ee 4 at cue tain Republican candidate for Senator tn that
’ al contrivances; but back of the board | distriet and their opposition to the proposed cans
| Is the ee ant biicated: pains ‘ can r i is pe | lature of another aspirant, and it is taken for
lems a id increase the required | Santed that this action will lead in the future
| eo : uly, the itomatic to some concert of political action in those othet
itis, the nuniber of girls en pi ved has it crea ou BAteHOF eisine Ol NeW York in which there is @
in direct proportion with the growth of the busi. | Considerable foreign colony whose members have

   
 
 

tre, and there tins been @ very considerable addi-

naga fe -' there were 476 girls and 13,445 | not thus far favored separate action in politica
subscribers, Now there are 1,282 girls and 37,- | The city ffal ? ad
| 716 subscribers, It is r Pns@ to say that the | The ciiy of Buffalo had by the fom Federal
| telepl me gis is droppir ut and fosiag her cersus a Polish po; ulation of 8,870, exclusive
use! ulnes She doesn't come ose much inte | of the children of Polish parents bern in this coun-
contact with the subscribers Thatis all) The |
|

buttons do the work, but some one must press

 

them, intelligent’y A gurl can do more work {| tion to the Polish eolony of the Queen City of
than she « ( ue but there is infincely more | the Lakes since that time
work to be ¢ e The telepuoneg 5 fack "4
inmodem uf.” Gitlis o big factor | Hy the same census the elty of Utica had @
— a e larger number of Welsh residents than any other
MANUPACTORES IN NEW YORK, cliy of the country wih the exception of Viva.

burg, Seranton, Va; Wilkes Barre, Pa., and
Cleveland an lO per cent. of the foreign

population of Utiea at that period consisted of

Few of Its Towns and Cities Lack Some
Distinctive Industry,

\ 14

 

   

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

 

The supremacy of New York among the States | Welshinen
In respect to tie extent and variety of its manu- Rochester, long known as the Flour City, hag
factures has at no time been seriously disputed, | Since the development of dis interests in the manus
and in every Federal census since 1840 New | factureofclothing, attracted 4 larce Russian popue
York has stood first in manufactures, withPenn. | lation. Nouther New York city outside of the metro-
eylvania & fair second. ‘There is, however, thiq | Pollan distriet | sv large @ Russian popula-
distinction, that while the chief manufactures of | Hon as Ro chester at the time of the Federal census
Pennsylvania are in its two largest cities, those Of 1500, and the Russian colony there has vastly
of New York are 60 generally distributed thag  IMereased since that time
there are very fow cities and scarcely any towns ihe city of Auburn, So ¥., had from no very
whic! have not at least one ¢ netave manu. , Clear reason thatis known the largest loeal ine
facture giving employmer © lange numbers dustry the manufacture of reaper A popula
of workinen and representing sen ‘special mer, tion of Ba ish nearly as lange as the Rus
"Thus, the city of Albany has reteined for a num- | Sa Population of Rochester
ber of years its distinction inthe manufacture mye a last Federal census had nearly
of sioves and ranges, Amsterdam. in Montgom- | 000) Gennan bom 4 ents and in the State
ery county, is noted for its carpets, one factory  lecHon of 1st the Soqalist vote in it was in
giving employment to 2,060 hands; Glovers, dl! excess of 2,000
in Fulton county, is known for its gloves; one Phe « of has long had a verg
canuing factory in Kome, Oneida county, has. ‘ wule Tris ri pepaiacion and Osawa
1,500 employ es; re are 4,000 employees ei) vo bas @ large Frencl Canacian population,
gaged inelectric appliance construction in Sehenee Thera were, by the da census, five times
tady, 1,000 in making harvesting machin Ss many palives of Treland in Troy as there
in Hoosick Falls, 1,000 in the manutneture of vere German but no like disparity exists in
locomotives in Dinkirk, 1,* in the printeloth te meighooring city of Albans, which, though
work ta Cohoes, 10,000 in the collar and cuff fac langer than ‘Troy, bas less than one half the num-
tories and laundries in Troy, and 5,000 in ear ber of Canedians resident in the other city
pet waking in Youkers, Heretolore, mien bor voters of most interior
Jamestown, N. Y¥., is known for is manu | cities of sew York have separated on other than
facture ol worsted goods, Olean foroll ret es, alonal Hnes, bit the aeoon of the Swedish Ree
deb ca balls for puuips, Coriiig tor glass, big pubhegis of damestown is laken to foreshadow
HAWN tor Cigids, Geneva tor ves abd heaters, | | action | oiher eolonies in the interior of
Huochester Fr clothing, Cordat for way . ‘ & I ,
Llinise for siructural uridges, Oswego for siat te The Polish Kepubheans of Buffalo
Wateriown for airurakes, bier ro for «of have ry ori for 100 and it need be
desk Ind ri eyes ‘yy Writers aud sew i 4 rof Anyone to hear that
Ing wiachines, | i balls i tial 4 is, lLort than i ler . « cma }
. \ Eh ; h ' ' rev Hhuniberneany
i I {
hh r Wa per, Sing 1. ve a a likes made much
ia f r ! “ Yor now regarded
mw oa ston r rich , \
ai hs iat ay of as at ean Ss ntside of the
1 $ in this | . 1 mugerof such
{ Lin Doug i 1 . mie to We success bas in
a t 1 ti 4 ‘
i Bs, i ¥ r me half of
1 for "
; inh ce te the { t I ero and western
} 'y ranu lag res, New ¥ tr Wh Repuliwads
i for anea for beather |
& isuilalo fe r pairs a if
jlies, ft the extensive manufacturing it Frog Showers in Arizona,
g in
terests of Mutfalo include very n any lines drrena Graphty
ff “ 1 By the last record of me i '
i hen the pulace car Works in Butts es ire brought out
pave employ OO) persons, the Central's fish, of bloody
repair shop to 15, the Laligh Val te Be eofAshipcaptuin far
Lake Shore's to 460, the Eerie s t yoo '
¢ B00 in ihe lorninctiva waste a ‘ into a dust shower
r . Tas. \ |
to 100, the Western New York am! Pent + or shoveiling the
« ws 1 820, th f the minor eony + sWoght began to
t a t al of 6°64 x t p ’
rere a Ldee ale:
rashops, wheel works and railroad ino - 1 vided fn talo:
hieh Kk oup ‘total in the « f ' Bs in aA ‘a TE id timers
\ mare Whey 19,01 ) ve ther a foubr t though they
\\ nut | #8 Is Doted for ° t, ' ‘
. apt ly af : dif calles p ’ t w eth rogs wera
] ' he omantfacture of y t this muet '
\ t ina side, and . aa ‘ i ‘| eh Af rateht :
f it atengines. The ma \ : } t r : “a Zhe lines
rf woYor cities, New York a my ' eH ave aern Ariz ni,
+ Are SS) eKteNsiVe An? « Varied ¢t Ha hel be
« the said tobe any disunetis bia y ' Thera t
t Three pots o ‘ er t . V ' ’
then The ints Of interest are | te SN ee
in Ee neran tstrihbut) { manufn he ’ a vs ree
Interests Mroughout the northern, west . Th _— re bee maria a
ceitral Paria of this State the large 1 , " ; " ee 1 y
men employed in railroad car ane engi sn ive erths
{ ! K i eatreoaked tliek poe »
ing anu In car and engine affairs repairs, a sur \ n't her ' from ‘he Cancnes
ani0! " of  bieyeling nanulaeturing distr loverandtheyereallofa size, to hoot. Ifthey
| Sl at ie G07en cities andthe ereatans ect t i ‘one from the groun tor from the river,
‘CTeAS
r & interesta in northern New Vor! hi? must have come from the skies Ag

Q@rues (rom, oF are dependent Upon, Wool pulp | that's whatthe Nassayampers firmly velleve,

4

—

Se

PER

i