i

ae

ce. on.

ae

eee

RT nl SEBO Sees

 

 

  

and plu at once inw « system of re ta
Ops Mange oon The more I see of the actual

| situation the lesa | am surprised at the change.
an Japanese representative eovereas lo in fact

£z BKR THINGS 6BEE! | thin more than 4 peaceful transformation
cone i siheluee POLITICS | of feudalinns: not the feudalism which during two
M , ; | centuries the Tokugawa restrained and central
ized, but the feudalism of ancient Umes which
tore up and divided the country. ‘This electoral
feudalism has the same advantages, for out of
its turmeil the most Lumble may attainto high
honors, just asin the .ancient times a groom
reached almost the rauk of an Iimperor It
Presents the same perils, too, for it arouses greed,
exagicerates individual vanity and tends to dis-

FATHER AGED 30, SON 40,

BM You Nest Money for a Uampaign You
Get Yourself Adopted Kotegawa's Kx.
perience — Women Try tv Ald a Mati-
nee Idol-Not Heady for Actors Yet,

It costa money to run for office in Japan just
es it does elsewhere, ‘The average amount spent | OXAKK rnin iu) iy

by @ candidate for election to the Japanese Par) pig feudal spirit has only changed its form.
fament is 5,000 to 6,000 yen that is, from about It has seized upon and apread over a new arena.

De not seek to define the programmes of political
00,000 1098,000. In addition to that theg/apenene parties ‘Literala, Progreasiats, Nationalists all
candidate must have paid $750 taxes @ year ary jorrowed and empty names. ‘lhe Japanese
during certain years preceding the making up | voter does not follow an idea; he marches ye hind
of the last electoral lisw. If he hasn't paid it

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

amounted to 767,000 tons. Wheat has made
the fortune of the place. Its great secommenda
tion was that the harbor was free of fee the year
round ‘This was the reason that e railread was
built from the harbor to the wheat lands and

 

} aman. He does not attach himself toe principle,
. | he belongs toaclan © © © Ttis the old feudal
be can make {t up in a lump sum, but he can't) pire which blows the trumpets uf paliuical ean
id didates, equips their heterogeneous followers, et:
meee eS tS ve ntage the r but am- | lists their mercenaries and hires their assassins
Dui there fo one sdventage mn ‘The persons of the candidates, the chiefs, alone
Bitlous young Japanese statesinan has.of which the | cecupy the stace ‘Their partisans do not trouble
American candidate is deprived. If he has not themselves about the ideas and principles of these
himself and if he can’t get his family | “aptalns any more than the vansals and retainers
eo money bev | inquired what caused their feudal chiefs to sound
to give it to him, he can go and get himself adopted | the order of bows and aavidles | ae ngs
er family with more money and 4 stronger “Happily, the frequency of electionsin Jap
W — { sl who is a member of Congress. | Cooled the warlike ardor of the voters. The Japan
SMNHOn for 8 eso is of a capricious anda flokle temperament.
Mr. Andree Hellessort, who studied the Japanese | \Wojied to tradition as he ts, he atzes upon &
; ) Japan, | novelty with avidity, and tirea of it as quickly
electoral system during the lastelection in Jap }

. ratic : as hogeizes it, lt was with the new sport of repre
writes in a recent French publication of this curt: | ar etetes woliticn wa tt waa With the rabbit raising
ous system as fvllows } in 1873, in whieh the people become 80 passion

“As the family names are not greatly varied | ately absorbed that rab vite ponenad, prices 08 high
‘And | those paid in old times for Holland tuli
in Japan the Japanese candidate can, with a a ee eee lel watts ee aun te wie
little luck, get himself adopted into a family al- ; butchers were forgotten; and the people got tired
most without) changing or losing a syllable of political rumpuses just an the got tired of both
ey ’ . | the rabbits and the cocks peasaon
© bn tans ip mare yeu es = ~ oo | hack to their rice flelds, and more than one Samu-
didate on a atill hunt for a new fa = a ~ rai. who had hoped to nee nis candidavs for Depu'y
ther, new ancestors and a new heredity bring back the divine age of fron and sabres, un-
po bink that | am feasting. Nothing ts more | dece!ved and disgusted with thumpings that
Boy fase . : hronght no glory, withdrew from the arena and
serious than this matter of adoption in Japan. shut himself up in his village. Political agitation
It is that which constitutes and perpetuates the | thua Fea out, and, by 6 curious courant,
tm- | more bitter the newspapers became
Japenese family end which eee me - roar the Deputies made, the freer and more au-
peror to claim descent from Jimmo Tenno, w dacious became the Prine|ples advanced, just in
died five or six years before Christ Some Jap-| that proportion the indifference of the people
anese, indeed, claim that the Emperor's features somes to increae and voters to keep away from
are an exact reproduction of those of Tenno; 4 the polls
pious illusion which only proves that more ro 17 DOES FREEZE OVER.
markable results are attributed to adoption than one
to actual heredity itself The Rassian Port of Novorosseisk Loses a
. “Froin the day the adopted aon enters the new Highly Prized Part of Its Reputation.
family he bids good by forever to the old one. In 1888 the Russians opened a new port on the
He becomes 4 stranger to his own kith and hin. | northeast coast of the Black Sea. It was named
He has changed his ancestors and his domestic | Novorosselak and from the first it was a hoom town.
ties. From that time forth be will deposit his | Ite astonishing development recalls the history
sticks of incense and his offerings of rice before | of some of the cities of the United States. It had
the sacred tablets of the dead ancestors whom he | only 2,000 inhabitants when the works were be-
adopted on his part at the same time that his new | gun to turn it into @ fine wheat shipping port
family adoptedhim. ‘The Romans, the Athenians | and now tts population is over 5,000. It ex-
and the Hindoos improvised for themselves simi- | ported only 46.000 tons of freight in tho first year
lar genealogies. ‘The only difference is that they
exercised a little more discretion about it than
do the Japanese.
“Every year political ambition turns loose a
number of these poor candidates, voluntary
orphans, on a hunt for a rich paternity, and very
curious and amusing adventures are often the | great became the celebrity of tho Russian port
result. This year, for instance, Mr. Kotegawa, a | that never froze over in winter
distinguished economist, wishing to enter the Haron de Baye, the well known scientific ex-
canvass for membership of the Chamber of Depu- | plorer of Siberia was the first widely to publish
ties, found alier some research a man inthe Shiba | the fact For years every Russian official men-
quarter of Tokio of identical name with his own | Uon of the port has proclaimed its dieUinguishing
who was well supplied with money and who asked | advantages. All the later geographical works
nothing better than to have a gon who was 4/| say that the port never freezes over and the point
Deputy. Tho business was all but concluded | is emphasized in commercial geographies.
and the adoption about to be formally made when Well, the port has frozen over this winter and
{t was discovered that whereas the son was 40 | great is the mourning and chagrin among the
years of age the father was only 80) Mr Kote | good people of Novorosseisk At the end of De
fava appealed to the Minister of the Interior | comber there was 4 frightful snowstorm that
and to the Minister of Justice for authority to go | lasted nearly a week and then very cold weather
© with the adoption notwithstanding this trifling | succeeded The west or busineas side of the
anomaly But it was a little too much. The | harbor became coated with ice aud the smaller ves-
Minister replied that the laws could not permit sels were upable to ee / aa =
i f ste. hips with more propelling force made their
quite so fantastic a situation as that, and the hon: | steams De ete TO ee J tse, heneter,
orable esonomist was advised to continue his anu ae , ducks. The steamer Igo, of the
explorations and to discover, if possible, a father | Russian Navigation Com pany, was compelled
° is own age to debark Lis passengers about 2 ee @
“~ ao agg a an er Vice Minister of landing The shipping business was practically
At Ise, Mr shi, former nister suapended till a thaw came
Agriculture, came upon a family of his own name he inhabitants of the town do not blame nature
who wore ready to adopt him — His friends con- | for this cola ery pans a oe oo oe ore
4 7 o planned their harbor wo) oO
rratulatad him on his good fortune The day aaron ma er Era ihe @aRb Ah ihe Akai
was fixed for the ceremony of adoption and the | gide of the bay

festival that always accompanies the event. But) ruled by the engineers {n charge who declared
» he ‘ t bor works was in
flack would have it that one of Mr. Oishi’s | that the best place for the har So they

the shallower waters of the west side
| extended a long mole out into the bay to protect
| shipping from the effects of gales. and the people
comptain if it had not been for this mole thers

strongest competitors for the Deputyship was

allied to precisely that same family This person

hastened tothe scene The spirit of his ancestors

rose up within him and Mr. Oishi was ousted as soon see yellow jack in the harbor as any
congealed surface there. They say the mole

These are only two instances. In other cases | ; Ry pots
there were those in the last election who died aa | Hire a aarne Saad oe deshiters od the
Hayashi and were born again as Morimoto. And watm waters of the sea and giving that part of the
soon. The love of public affairs in Japan is the hay a chance to stagnate and pon rine bat
seof many curious sacrifices } bor works had been built on the other side of the
Tt Aand while these melancholy wails were floating | bay, which did not ireeze over, thers vent pave
from hearthstene to hearthstone and from coun heen > ne { . . — e and the town would have
» country in search of propitious names of | escaped this sar Ho
iad anceai i anid homnitat ’ ‘iviee ones, the The new basin,” wails one of the local paners,
Liberals were denouncing the indulgence of the | “is poorly protected, even withthe mole It ts
Ministry toward the Progressives, and the Pro. | not sufficiently deep and will add nothing to the
ressives were equally severe upon the Ministry's | Presnerity of Novorossetsk; and tt has eons |
scandalous complaisance toward the Liberals. | heavily already by cestroving the reputation o
Fach party aceused the other of assassinations | our harbor asa port that never freeres
and each caught the other redhanded in electoral ae aoe
corruption And all these litte rumors died on
the surface of the Japanese people like eddies of
foam upon a sheet of still water
Women i Japan are beginning also to make
their influence felt, though as yet not very auc-
cessfully according to Mr. Bellessort. Speaking
of the canditacy for the Chamber of Deputies

SHAVES ONLY MILLIONAIRES.

A Barber Who Makes About 68,000 a Year
From Four Castomers,

From the Chwago In'er Ocean,

of a certain popular actor, Mr. Bellessort says Thomas Whalen shaves four millionaires a
“An actorstudeat, hawakamt by name, who | day. He makes the round of their residences
Was the founter of a sort of Free Theatre, pre every morning and uses his own fast pacer to

votera of the Twelfth Tokio
district as a candidate for the chamber = 1t wag
the first time aostrollir player had appeared
pen the political stage, and I saw plainly enough
that, notwithstanding their general indifference

self to th - .
sented himself to th save time ‘They all pay him a liberal salary

and in three hours each morning he earns mom
than the average barber does in four days

  

the Japanese voters had not had their sense of | Mr Whalen’y clients are P. D. Armour, Ss.
the proprieties entirely blunted. They revolted. | W. Allerton, Marshall Field and N. K. Fair-
oo hy, paren ap enaee Vf his bani, ‘Thay employ him by the year, and his
campaign 1@ proprietors o ose’ were for 5

hidden to rent to Kawakami their halls those | Palary continues whether taey are in Europe,
humble little conference halls where, in the ever New York, California or Chicago His contract

ing, adroit talkers are wont to fill the ears of the
little shopkeepers and persons of moderate ine
pendence of the neighborhood with their stories
and harangues The women alone worked
for Kawakami All the ‘Shamisen’ conspired
in his favor, and if the impertinence of ®his rest
lass comedian in making himself a @andidate |
was regarded as an alarming symptom of the. a liberal Christmas present
times, ne small vote ee oa only forty five The scale of salaries pald {se as follows; Mr.
cught to have reassured the Government on the | on

danger of feminine intluencein politica.” | Armour, $75 per month; Mr Field, 875 per month

If youarea candidate for public officein Japan | Mr. Allerton, 850, and Mr. Fairbank, 835
there is one thing you must have if you expect) All of these gentlemen have their private barber
win, ant, incidentally, to keep your head from | shops, and Mr. Whalen has tho running of them.
being broken during the canvass, and that is | |le keeps each supplied with the finest razors
@ body guard of “soshia.” The “soshis” is a sort, shears, strops, Soaps, mugs, and other requisites
of political bouncer or bully with historical ante- of a first class tonsorial parlor. He knows the
cedents Mr. Bellessort = thus describes the turn of ev ory whisker of bis patrons, and there
foshis is neverany kick about razors with a “pull.”

(n former days: these soshis might have been His labors begin early, Mr. Armour’s home
geen watering along the byways singly or in is his first stopping place, though recently, dur-
baads. in rags of dressed to kill, but “alwars ing that gentleman's residence in California,
haughty and always feady with thesword. They | he has not been cetting upsoearly. Mr. Armour
usually wore a straw hatlike an inverted basket has always shaved by 60'clock and often earlier.
end the girls followed with curious eves these © pram there itis only a block to Mr. Field's Prairie
independent and bold alcenturers who some avenue mansion, and just across the street, a
times were on the track of their own private ven. | tits to the south, he finds Mr. Allerton ready
geances, but often in search of alventures under for his daily serape. [Sut to reach Mr Fairbank

calls fora daily shave in Chicago, and ifthe million-
aires’ chins are not to be feund, Whalen is not the
sufferer, His “pull” is sald to be of the gentlest,
but his fellow barbers declare it ts very strong,
and besides the salary he gets there is always

@ new master, They corresponded then to the. je t make a big he N Sid 1

must make a big jump to the North Side, anc
Htalian bravo whe neatly despatched his man | pig tast pacer ote in good use. Cafe are too
when the twilight shadows fell, Part condot uncertain, and Mr. Fairbank cannot be kept wait-

lier, part knigh! errant, less knight errant than | ine or disappointed, and before 9 o'clock Whalen

 

 
    

condottieri, the legends of bravery and vendetta is?at the Lake Shoro drive residence. ready for
whieh were associated with them threw ar und | Mp. Fairbank to come to the private barber sho;
their persons a mysterious charm. They were | pom" Whalen is one of the best-known bar
ares pont In these early ave, and the re | pers in Chicago. He bas made a compevency out
now i t heir explo s has alwavs haunted the | of his work. and his income now 1s by no means
HAAR NAlION of The Apanoee people | hergarly averaging close to $3,000 for the year
Pocay, with this uiystery all icone and stripped | tiie last: hop was in the Methodist Church block.
of theie panoply of chivai-v, cecruited at hap- | ‘This he acid several years ago. Henow devotes
hazard amens: idle hoon companions ari students | pis attention to the four millionaire customers and
fallen from grace, workmen bir, do any everal fine horses
thing tut reputable tasis, ther peer ’ several fine hor
asull maintain @ certair estign wlech

   

Cowboy Biacksmithing,

 

of its business career while the exports in 1896 |

but this idea was finally over. |

woul] have been no ice and ther would about |

|

| the shades of tho old Corlears and
| gangs think of that’

|

 

| or coffee lying there under guard of a complaisant
} watchman, filled their boats and then madeoff |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.

 

 

HERVES 10 PIRATES,
Heroes Commoner Than the River Pirates,
Owing to the Vigilance of Capt. Smith
With
of the City’s Navy.

and His Men -Old-Time Battles
Criminals Work

The work of the New York harbor police has
changed greatly in chatacter within the
ten years and last year's report of the depart- |
ment is unexciting Where are the oldtime
accounts of bold river pirates overcome anid
mutinous sailors subdued? Where are the pistol
shots and the clubbings? “No violence or loss |
of life except such as is incidental to accident.”
“Only one robbery,” says the report. What do |

Red tlook
The only serious injuries
suffered by the force ware received by the Patrol,
and were due to the efforts of that small bull terrier
among boats to bully and manage the great fleet
that turned out to welcome Dewey A few more
heroes to receive, and the harbor police would |
succumb to overwork and sigh for the good old |
days of picturesque midnight shootings frays,
and knifearmed drunken saJors. There's an
impression among the force that the ordeals of a
peaceful life are more wearing than dramatio
episodes, and that a hero and his admirers are
more difficult to handle than any old-time gang
of river pirates, Still, it would be hard to find
a body of men who could do the ornamental and
imposing more effectively than thatsquad) Kip
ling has celebrated “‘er Majesty's jolly, sailor
and soldier, too"; but where's the poet capable
of doing ‘justice to New York'sjolly, policeman
and sailor, too?

Occasionally a reporter or a citizen of an Inquir-
ing turn of mind, ts allowed to accompany one
of the night patrols in {ta excursion up the East
River, and the experience is an entertaining one
from a picturesque point of view, though too safe
to be thrilling. Twelve or fifteen years ago mich
® prowl had ite posaibilities and was accompanied
by delicious thrills and shivers ‘There was
tiver piracy then, and there was no telling what
might happen on the night rounds. Patrols
started outat6)P M,1A M7380 4.M andl
P.M, but the early morning patrol was the one
that had the fun. Six men, well armed and fur
nished with dark lanterns and grappling hooks
left Pier A tn the little boat, which went slipping
around the Battery, and turned up the Fast River
In and out among the river craft it crept, while
the police kept a keen lookout for junk men who
might be looting cargoes with the connivance
of adishomest sailor, aud many a tine the thieves
were found and an exciting chase or a dangerous
fight followed. Every suspicious boat moving
on the river was overhauled and examined. Among
the dark shadows of the piers the police boat
stole, while its crew threw the lightof thetr lan
terns into every cranny and hiding place and
listened for sounds of the thieveswhw bored through
the floors of the piers, tapped the rice or sugar

to the speculators who had shanties on the water
side, and dealt in stolen goods. Every one of
these speculators was known to the police, and
their haunts were watched, but the patrol round
was long, and clever thieves took desperate
chances.

‘The Brooklyn river front was the worst part
of the round, ‘There the sugar and coffee cargoes
were landed, There the most notorious specu
lators were located, There the notorious ¢ wheats
fang, the most daring and despe eof all the
river pirates, had their headquarters, and for vears
defiled capture, They met their Waterloo at last
when the barbor police, after long effort and many
failures, finally tranped them, but they pus up 4
fight worthy ofa better cause and fora few minutes
bullets sang through the nught air in lively fashion,
he leader of the gang was killed and others were
wounded, The rest disappeared, and what. be
came of them was never known The etforts |
of the harbor police in those days did much to
keep Sing Sing populous, but the last of the river |
pirates sent up for a long term was Lewis Flood, |
who had, in the course of an active career, made
the tidy sam of $75,000 partly by the simple opera
Meu of “drowning the hawser A small i. att
slipped under the side of a ge one at anchor, |

|

 

  

 

a clever jerk slipped the hawser and it was allowed
to sink, Afterward it was pulled up and sold,
The trade has been practically destroved by the
harbor police, who apparently have uo lowe for the

) Melodramatic and no seruples against robbing |

the dime novel writers of copy,

The sbips in the harbor do not even have a
wateh half the timo now,” says Capt. South
There is little or no danger of thieving, but take |
away the police scarecrows and in a month the
pirates would be out ayrain in full foree,

ot by any stretch of the imagination ean the

 

 

 
 
  

decorative harbor police be thought of as seare
crows, but as guardians of the r front, they |.
area bowling success Another ition of tha

| harbor police has gone with the sing of the |
sailing vessel There was a tim en it was

    

no uncommon thing for an incoming
up her flag reversed, the trouble signal in all
language and an appeal to the police for aid, |
Then the Patrol burned to the rescue and found
mutiny, murder and disaster, Even yet an
eecasional murder or stabbing affray among |
a crew calls for the harbor police, bul the men
who serub paint and polish brass on steamships |

essel t) run

 

 

do not vem to be of the blood tirsty.dir’: brandish
Ing variety of sailor that figures in fletion and on
the old sailing ship reports, A trouble signal
from an incoming vessel now usually means
fire under the hatches, and the Patrol, whieh can
throw 3,000 gallons of water a minute, does |
¢ffective work in such cases, while the squad, |
besides being policemen and sailors, are. inei
dentally, rattling good firemen. Most of the
fights whieh the harbor police are called on to settle
nowadays are on the pienic barges, buteven these
rows are becominie chiefly traditional 4 kt
gang of toughs io not allowed to take a barge
and since the excise law puta stop te |
liquor selling the mantle of peace has des
upon the barge pienies, and they are
too tranquil to be entertaining.

That excise lew and the dumping of
the harbor have given Capt

  
  

almost

refuse in
South and his meu
enough trouble to prevent their being lones ma |

READY LO TACKLE ANYTHING it
|
|

last |

| their

} a the

 

 

without their pirates, Thereas stall an oecasenal

1 fire

on the piers or a collision he life saving reeare
of the harber police has been meritorious Al. |
} mostvevery men in the squad comes of a saylor |

} family, has spent most of his life on the water,
and can swim like a duck They are a reckless,
fearless setof fellows, and adive after a drowning
man under any condiuens or in Auy weatherthey
take asallin theday's work \ttem pled suicide
accidents and collisions furnish them plenty «f
opportunity for showing their skill and pluck
Another feature of their work, less speetucular

riotonacollier barge or alongshore strike, or ¢
|
|
!
'

   

and more disagreeable, is the re of bodi {
| the drowned from (he water; and, if they will
' they can tell growsome tales that cling to the
|

hearer's memory and wander through bis dreams

j peorenyne kusard is a matter for toe harbor
police; and the Santos coffee slips and their car
foes jive the force some anxious werk The |
International yacht races, too, made things lively, |
and the Patrol ruled everytlung afloat, from the
launches to the contesting yachts; but the Spanish |
Var and its heroes have been the most disturbing

| element in recent harbor police history, Que of |
the force went with the h. ugh Riders and did |

not come beck. When the Raleigh came into the |

harbor and the first enthusiasm of the public |

was worked off upon her the Patrol did the hon- |

ors, eseuried the heroine of the occasion in ler
yromenude up the river, left her launches to guard

Ai and did the square thing all around, but when |

 

 

  

|
the warships assembled to weleome Dewey then |
the Patrol and her handsome Captain were in}
' their eloment. The whole force wos radiantly |
resplendent, and’Capt. Smith blossomed out

ther f faliinge 3 ’ versal contempt, s

et in ena nirats rsheer brute | the Arignad Gra evine

nt te Pe Die Toe aie ne : ae ce "Up at ms camp near the Four Peaks,” told
of ‘yalw guard so marke a tt Jim Bark, the wellknown cattleman, “the boys
itmakes him look Lhe aon a bate su are all handy witha rifle We've a lot of guns |
Nene 7 Be 4 eee \ i ae er p there The old fashioned black- powder Win
{ul distance » the can bas a r chester bas been discarded and nothing but the

       

  
  

     

on the situation, is on the j atoms | best goes Most of the new guns were bought
hap. at When vceaston cite Makes Stuy | during the Spanish war, when we would experi
Bpeeches for his emploser Vhe voter frequently ‘

bites himself away, for this speeifie and ima | mentall day with tree trunks and rough trenches,
Vilual poliee foree makes him uneasy But) learning the artaof warathome We found that
they hunt him out and he readily promises to do | #@ bullet fron eof the new Winchesters, driven
what they want. There is even between ihe | be smobkel powder, was good for four foot and
voter ani these vote solicitors a sort of battle | more of pine timber aad for more than an inch
of formal courtesies. But when the day for carry. | of ivon

I thought the boys had done about everything
| in the shooting line that could be done long ago,
but | Was inistaken” [sent them up a wagon

Ing out his promise comes to the voter, forget
fui of the sacre| rachis the Kevolution has eon
efred upon bin, would take te the flelds and

 

   

   

   

 

that there was danger of Dewey's being obscured
This naval discipline, gained by Jong experience
ib both the Peruvian and the United States Navy,
became, if possible, more pronounced t ever,
and there wasn't a point of naval etiquette that
the Patrol did not religiously observe tn herinter

 

    

    
 

   
  

    
 

 

    

  

 

WOMAN'S COLLKGER WORLD,

The Co-educational Battle That Is Going
On--Prosident Hazard’s Report.

‘The question of co-education is being dlacussed
with much ardor at present in several colleges.
Johns Hopkins is not able any longer to escape
the problem, and the arguments pro and con
may be heard wherever Johns Hopking men
father ‘The students of the Woman's College
of Haltimore have been looking on the graduate
courses of the university for some time with cov-
etous eyes, and finally a movement was started
with which these students were identified to
induce Johns Hopkins to open ite graduate
coursestowomen. ‘The objections urged against
sucha proceeding ore the usual ones, — that the
presence of women would be a restriction on the
freedom of the men, and that one step might lead
to another, and that once the bara were down,
the women might invade the undergraduate
department also

In answer to these objections, the advocates
of the cause point out the fact that nearly all the
leading institutions of the country have opened
their mraduate courses without any evil conse-
quences. The men do not seem to feel the prea-
ence of women a hindrance They have not been
included yet in the undergraduate department
of Yale, Harvard or Columbia, It is probable
that in order to get some idea of public opinion
on this matter a petition will be circulated among

leading professional and non professional women,
among clergymen, jawvers, physicians, mer
chants, bankers and other professional and busi
ness

The failure of the Maryland Legislature to pass
the bill appropriating $50,000 for Johns Hopkins
University wil perhaps defer the opening of the
graduate courses 1@ university feels dis-
appointed and hurt over the defeat of the bill
Since it has offered freely to the Baltimore people
single lectures and courses of lectures ever since
1t was founded It has also given substantial
aid to city charities and in many other ways has
tried to do its part for the welfare of the city,

Wesleyan { niversity, which has weighed co
education in the balance and found {t somewhat
wanting, is seriously considering the question
of giving it up. The joint committee met in
New York to receive the report of the New York
young alumni on the subject of co-education
at Wesleyan No final decision was reach
and it was voted that another meeting should
be held before the regular meeting of the board of
trustees in March

Preaident Hazard in her first annual report
speaks hopefully of the general condition of the
college At her suggestion the office of Dean
was created at the beginning of the year and Mise
Cowan asked to fill it

“In beginning my work here,” the President
says, “I thought it wisa to request the appoint
ment of a dean, who should take the more strictly
academic side of the work, leaving me free for
the general supervision of college affairs, the
external relations of thecollege and the home
administration ”

President Hazard believes fully in the more
liberal policy which Wellesley has adopted of
late, and she says further

“Our duty includes not only the instruction
of a large body of students, but their learning,
living, their amusements and general wel-
fare, and the numberless dally questions which
arise to be settled, make the difference between
comfort and happiness or the contrary condi-
tions Hy the apposntment of Dean Cowan the
trustees have done honor to the college aad ae
cured a most efficient officer.”

The number of buildings which have been
in the process of construction during the last
year, is an excellent indication of Wellesley's
prosperity. The Whiten Observatory is prac”
tically ready for use The three society houses,
Zeta Alpha, Phi Signia and Tau Zeta Epsilon
will soon be completed, and Wilder Hall and the

new dormitory are well slong  Norumbega Cot-
taze has been remodelled somewhat for the use
of the President A diet kitehen has been es-
tablished where the cooking will be done by elec
tricily as soon as proper adjustments can be made
President tlazard advocates besides a general
bakery for the cottages and a separate buildi
for the laundry The need of agymnasium wit
o swimnung tank is emphasized in the report
(he President gives a list of the distinguished
jecturersand preachers: who have visited Wellesloy
this year, and adds that one of the most pressing
neeis of the college is a fund to devote to the main
tenance of the chapel services. “We should look,”

 
   

   

she says, “lowar me system of college preach
ers when each minister can come into residence
for a month or more No fund has yet been
secured but an attempt at continuity of instruc
tion haa been made Dr Charles Cuthbert Hall
who was in residence for a time at Harvard Uni
versity, preached for two consecutive Sundays
at Weillealos Dr Lyman who has been ful
filling an envagement with the Lowell Institute
in Boston will alse preach at Wellesley for two

iccessive) Sundays his is the beginning
fa movement to bring students and preachers
inte ser personal relations

President Hazard s report mentioned also the

 

gratifying fact, that the present freshmen class
is the largest since the change by which required
ho rh was abolished and the price of board
ant tuition raised ‘The frashmen entering class

wry

numbered 199 and twenty four new students
hosvles were acinitted to the upper classes or to
| special courses. The total registration for this

year is 687

‘The interest in the musical courses at the cal-
lege continues strong A distinction is made
this year in the courses in musical theory, be
tween those which are purely technical with com-
Position as their object, and those which are meant
more for students seeking general culture. For-
these Mrs. Stovall has provided a course in the
history of music open to all students above the
freshmen class. ‘Theory and practice follow
> and the students are taught to make
rough analysis of the harmony and form
of om compositions ‘This semester will
be devoted te the study of the lives and works
of the great masters.

Social economics are vere popular at the col-
lege, and the lecture given at @ recent meeung
of the Wellesley Colle chapter of the college
seltlement association on’ The Duty of the Work
ing Man” was particularly interesting

 

clos

isical

 

For the first time this year at Vassar Rible
study {fs conducted as regular work for an A.
I} degree ‘The Bible courses are given by Dr.
William Baneroft Hill A course on the “Life
and Times of Jesus” has just been finished and
the Apostolic age is the subject now under con-
sideration, lectures have been given on Sun-
day evening from time to time during the year
before the entire college. Prof, Sylvester Burn-
ham of Colgate University has already givan
a course of four in “The Times and History of
Isaiah.” Dr Hill will give four more tn “The
Sciences of Our knowledge of the Life of Jesus,”
and the Rev. Dr J S. Riggs will give another
course in “The Period of the Maccabees.”

It is interesting to notica that Smith College,
which has always required a weekly onehour
course In Bible study at least, during freshman
and sophomore years, isfseriously considering the
question of making it elective. In accordance
with the will of Sophia Smith the founder, Bible

| Instruction has been provided ever since the col-
| lewe was stariad and a regular porfessorship

of Thible literature has been part of the college
equipment for several vears Lately, with the
wider elective possibilitiag offered by the college,
it has seemed wise to take the Hible courses out
of the required category. The work accom
plisbed where the students chose their subject
voluntarily is likely to be so much more enthusi-
4stic and origina! than that which they do be-
cause they must that the change seems worth

 

 

course with the big warships. When Dewey
arrived, and the Patrol tock committees out to | making. The four years’ course in Bible in
meet him, and in a genial way assumed (he re truction under Pro need fi : :
eponsibility for the Olympia and the rect of the ee - SO hoder Eros ™ ‘is vane vom pre
fleet, She surrounded them with patrol beats ty | hensive, Tho Tible is considered historically,
| keep off the crowd and keep in the sailor She | and also froma literary point of view. In the sen
tieked Hein in snugly at night, and looked them | jor year, the course in comparative -religions
over carefully in the morning She naboutthe ;
harber, giving orders and ecluckit ce an eel gives @ survey of all the principal religions.
tated hem with a lerge uly of du . 1 her
! , end, when t¢ great day ca ind the | The enrolment of Oberlin College last term
craft were turne ke then that motherly Leu | was 1,102, again of fifty eight The enrolment
accomplished the fmposible, and was more | for the year will probably exceed 1,890. The
ubiquitous than malatna She was battered burning of Lord Cottage a short) time ago
and wort after the fray, and ber Captoin was tured | has cecasioned much discomfort amoug the thirty
but triumphant The largest naval crowd 1 | eight women students who lived there The
| record that had been successfully handled loss to the xe is for the most part covered
} though Dewey bad the glory, Capt Smith | by iosurance, but the students’ belon ings were
been good looking resourceful enou not insured Already the sum of $250 has been

escape but forthe fact that the soshis camp about | In hauling an some flrewoodt they broke the
bis house and wateh every exit thereof as a cat) bolsters all te qi) rs The bolsters hold up |
wateres a ratiole ‘They liteculy forea him | the wagon bed vou know. Well, the boys figured
fo make use of his glorious privileces as a citi out all right the rebuilding of the wood parts,
fen under A representative government In but came near being stumped on the tron fixings
gome city wards the voters go the ballot box | They got se id iron wagon tires and cut them
flanke!, prececed and fe Ly the irre | in proper lenmtts, but hadn't a way that they
Pressible cuar iavs whe protect tim from other | could see to punch the necessary bolt holes
Rosh.s who are escoring other voters. ‘These | Finally th , atestion was solved One of the
melancholy persons ms made eitizens by ir boys carefully marked the places for the bolts,
Fesistible persuasion, Lave a general appearance , stood the piecw of tire awainst a tree and puta
on these occasions of mon bens conducted to | bullet, S0-caliber, through the tire at each place
the scatfold to be ha marked Tt was a novel aort of blacksmithing,
“Thoa do the sesuis assure to the Govern. | but it worked
ment the cooperation of all classes of voting | ee

 

citizens and see to it thateivic rights do not grow
rusty in the handasof jidifferent voters
Mr. Bellessort is not favorably impressed with
apan's progress in representauve government
e pare:
“Astonishment has been expressed that a peo-
could emerge from fewlalism so suddenly

1 '

rete

Property Offices, Lofts, or Stores,

of all descriptions, whether you see
have them to dispose of. make pd era oe
Sun's atvertising columns 4 reader

A 8u
will always be found @ desirable tenant or
customer, Adv,

 

ames —

rnerreer 5

de PRE RIUR A

ee OK Pee IA CRSA

     

 

‘ ugh and
| to antitle him te A at's rank
Altogether, the harbor police have proved that

they are ready for anything from tackling a Cor

 

lears gang to gracing a her's triumph. The |
next year promises to be dull fer the barber |
of the sergeants says, |

olice; but then, as one
hopefully “Something exciting may turn up
In the meantime, the boats on hand et present |
cannot adequately patrol, even in moacetal times,
the 890 miles of terrnt Ty that come under the |
province of the harbor police, and Capt. Smith
Is begging for another boat as large as the Patrol |
and ten new launches |

Coxey and the Hoboea, |

From the Columbus Dasprtch,
MassILion, Ohio, Fel) 27.—Every man who
applies at Coxey's Quarry can get work. i
tramps have heard of Coxey and it isa favorite

| ramet theirs to apply to him for work on |
| Baturday afternoo: They wre given good |
! moals and comfortably bede, not having to

work on Sunday. When Monday comes they
make their escape, Two men tried this Sun, |
day. Jesse Coxey, son of tno “General,” |
brought the runaways back at the point of 4
revolver aud made them work out the price o

the comforts they had received.

ae ti—

| ceasfally

raised to supply their most pressing needs. ‘This
fire i8 peculiarly trying to the students, as many
of them have a very small share of this world’s
goods, and have to make close calculauons to meet
college expenses, without the additional outlay
for clothing which the fire renders necessary

TELEGRAPH LINES FOR TELEPHONES,

Both Kinds of Messages Sent Over One
Wire at the Same Time.

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn, Feb, 28.—Telephone
and telegraph messages were. eent suc-
over the same wire yesterday be-
tween this city and Knoxville, Tenn. For
some time the Postal Telegranh Company
andthe Bast Tennessea Telephone Company
have been experimenting on the problem of
sending telephone and telegraph messages
over the same wires with the view of adopting
the system throughout this region. To-day
a practical demonstration was made and
the officers of both companies are now con-
vince! that both telegraphic and telephonic

 

| $1,000 FOR A LOST GRAVE,

 

HOW IT WAS OBLITKRATED IN A
NIGHT ON THE PLAINS,

A Square Mile of Stampeded Cattle Made
a Thousand-Acre
Had Keen Ploughed

From the Denver Republican.

There is $1,000 reward waiting for whoever
can find the body of a young man buried on tho
plains of northeastern Weld county fifteen years
ago In a marble mausoleum near Chicago
there waits a niche for the bones of John Lilly,
who died alone on the range in Colorado In the
vault are the bodies of his parents and of his two
brothers, and when the bones of the young man
are recovered the doors will be sealed, for he was
the last of hia line ‘Tom Minninger, a Wyom-
ing cowboy, who rode the range for many years
in this State, was in the city yesterday and told
again the story of the lost grave

“It wae fifteen years ago last August,” he de
clarod, after a process of reckoning which in
cluded all the big events of range life for many
years. “This feller Lilly was the only living son
of an old man in Chicago that owned most of
the ‘hashknife’ cattle running on the range north
of the Platte. The boy bad been kind of delicate,
so the old man senthim out witha letter to Jim
Taylor, the foreman of the ranch, to let him rough
it awhile

“The kid was a nice enough young feller, and
the boys give him a good time all through the
summer = Ife got so's he could ride a gentle horse
pretty welland then the beef round up came along,
We went up across Crow Creek, and down Owl
Creek, and then we struck across by the Chalk
Bluffs, where we met the Wyoming men and
traded strays withthem. Then weswung south
toward the Pawnee Buttes, planning to push right
through to the river, gathering beef as we went,
80 a6 to have about twenty trainloads to ship all
at once, aa the round-ups would be over, and the
cowpunchers could go on to Chicago with the
cattle in the cars. The first camp before we got
to the Buttes was in the big flat where Wild Horse’
Jerry's dugout used to be It's a great big flat,
hollowing alitdetothecentre, and in the middie
there's springs, and over bevond there's a lake

“The cook was late hitchin’ up the grub wagon
that morning, and the kid got started ‘ust being
told how to go to the next camp, keeping the point
of big Pawnee straight ahead until he came to
the flat’ That was about 7 of the morning. [iliy
came driving his six horses to the grub wagon
across the prarieonatrot, forhehadtobein camp
and have something to eat ready by 11, and be
hind him came all the other wagons. They al
ways let our Billy pick the way, because be was
an old campaigner’ Along with the wagons
came the horse herd, eating and running and
eating and running, the wrangler favoring them
along over good feed. because they'd have to bave
their bellies full when it came time to change
mounts at noon, and then came the dozen great
cavvies of steers, 500 or 1,000 in each, great Wild
Texans, fat as hogs and ready to run at the drop
of the hat, brought along careful, s0 as not to
lose a bit more beef on the road than could be
helped. I tall you in those days around up left
ita mark when it passed over

"On the edge of the flat Billy saw the kid down
by the water, sitting on the ground, kind of bent
over, while his horse was grazing ‘round. Billy
never thought but that he was sitting there rest-
ing and he drove up, so's the lead team all but run
over him, but the kid never stirred. He was just
as dead as a stone. It wasn't no bullet, or a
snake, but his heart just naturally quit

“Well, Billy wrapped him ina blanket and went
on and got dinner, and when ‘Jim’ Taylor come
in, hethought aminute, and thenhetoldusto dig
4@ grave, and wrap the body in three or four thick
nesses of canvas we took an extra wagon top
wehadalong and bury him. ‘And see. said Jim
‘that you mark the grave well It was rock along
the ridge, so we lug the grave, about four feet
deep, up on the side of the slope, and we marked
it with one of the end boards of the wagon sos it
could be seen a mile. Jim started a man. oft
for the railroad with a telegram for the old man

“As the sun went down there hung over in the
east a cloud piled with chunks of froth, miles and
miles high We could see the lightning playing

in itas the sun went down It had been an awful
hot day, with the cattle turning te balloons out: n

and Haerrowed,

 
 
  

the ndges, and lakes and rivers flowing in all the
flais and valleys, and the mountains dencing
in the air, all whatthey call mirage, and Tlooked
for trouble Uiat night

“Tt must he after midnight when I looked
out from my tHonkets and sow thatecloud breaking
UP inte small black clouds, full of lightning, ard

T wasn't more than out of my bed before the sks
overhead was full of flying clouda and the wind
began torise We | kept horses up, and every
man was putoutto help hold the cattle By the
time I gotoutto the herd thee were moving rest
Jess and uneasy, and lowing alittle The night
herders said they hadn'tgot them tole down once
Then we heard the roar of rain coming, helf an
hour before it reached ua [teametr bucketfuls,
and hail like bullets The first rusts struck the
steers, but they held all net, when we heard the
erack-crack crack of A Six shooter down the wind
Sometbing had started a bunch of cows and calves
we were taking to their range south of the Platte

“They came, snorting and bawling, into the
firet bunch of steers, ond these came smash into
ie neat bunch, and in ten minutes the whole
Push was mixed into one big tangle of cattle, not
running very fast, but moving so they couldn't
be stopped. ‘There were men all through the
bunch, keeping their horses up, and trying to
work out to the edge through the thin spots It
was as dark as pitch, except when it lic) tened,
and then you could see it looked like miles and
miles, all moving cattle

There were three or four bunches of steers
that wasn't caucht in the rush, and part of the
men at them heard the shouting and came over to
help They struck the big moving square mile
of cattle near the head, and swung them off alittle,
and the rest followed, and the rain let up a litte,
so they'd face it, and there they milled and milled
for the restof the night [ never knew where [
was till morning. Teould hear cattle on all sides
of me, ond feel things bump into the pony. and
once a horn scraped along by my knee "Light
came slowly, for the rain had turned to a cold
drizzle, but! found myself on the edge of the bunch
and not half a mile from camp The cattle had
been all around and through the wagons, and
there wasn't a bit of flrewood left, some of the
boys’ beds that had been left out had been torn
torags We atea breakfast of cold canned stuff
and started to move the whole bunch down about
ten miles to better grass, where we could break
‘em up by brands again

“Just as we were starting Jim Taylor came to
me and told me to got back and see that the mark
Was onthe grave

“LT never found the board ‘Ten thousand cattle
had tramped and tramped that hill all night, in
the wet ground. There wasn't a trace of grass
left. A thousand acras all looked as though it
had been ploughed and harrowed. 1 gave it up
right there Jim cussed when [ told him and
rode back, but when he saw the looks of things
he gave it up
“We met theold man three dayvslater He fired
Jim Taylor out of hand for not leaving the cattle,
leaving everything, and bringing his boy to the
station. Then he put ancther man tn ‘charge,
and took all of us who had been at the burying
back to look for the remaing
wasn'tone of us that agreed on the place to within
a hundred yards It all looked alike where the
cattle had been, but we dug around there until
winter drove us cut The old man declared he
was coming back in the spring and keep up the
hunt until he found the grave, but he never lived
thatlong. | guess that boy was about all he
lived for, auyhow,
“The executors of bis estate have been out here
aince looking for the grave, butit's not been found,
and Idon't think it ever will be The reward of
31,000 is still good.”

   

 

  

 

TROWEL AS AN AQUARIUM TOOL,

Something Not to Be Looked for in Use in
the Care of Vishes,

Dipnets and thatsertof thing might be looked
foramong the implements usedin the Aquanum
but one would scarcely expect to find there such
4 tool, for instance, as a trowel, and yet the trowel
is there a thing of reguler, if not common, use,
jo building the rockwork in the tanks. They do
not goin for elaborate and bulky rock work in
the tanks at the Aquarium. Such work is more
But while little rock, and
that in simple forms, is the rule there, yet they
make the rockwork attractive to the eye, whether
itconsists eamply in scattered stones on the bottom
of the tanks, ortrfsome of the many formsin which
atone might be found an nature It isin the
fixing up of sueh rock forms as these that the

trowel comesinto play
With the aid of that and «of a litte hydraulic
ohs after the tanks build

dificult to keep clean

 

cement the man |

 

 

 

Trnot Look as if It | Republic he has fought so hard to preserve is

|

|
|
|
|

 

 

| of

BUEKS IN SOUTHWEST AFRICA,

The Report That Krager Will Join Them if
the British Win the Transvaal,

It has recently been reported from South Africa

that President Kruger has 00 intention of apend

ing his declining years in the Transvaal if the

overthrown by the British, He had fully de-
cided, when the war began, that !n case his cause
were irretrievably defeated, be would retire to
German Southwest Africa and spend the rest
of his life under the German flag = Among the

Hoers who have setiled in the German possessions |

is an intima: friend of the President who has
acquired a large tract of irtigable land and is
engaged in cattle raising. If worst comes to
worst, Mr. Kruger will join his friend and live
quietly in this newly developing region, 750 miles
from Pretoria. Should coming events make
it desirable for him to adopt this course, he will
be far from his beloved land whose political and
military fortunes he has helped to shape for so
many years, but he will at least be free from such
weighty cares as ho has borne since the influx
of the outlanders introduced new issues io Trans
vaal politics

‘The exiled statesman would find a good many
of his compatriots in German Southwest Africa
Since the first great migrations of the Boers in
the third decade of this century when they trekked
horth and east to get out of sight of the British
flag, there have been several minor emigrations
from the Transvaal, Some of the one did not
find the ‘Transvaal exactly to their liking and so
the set out to tind new homes far north of the
Zambesi and plodded wearily across the wilder
hess for five years before they reached the Huilla
district of Portuguese West Africa, within a hun-
dred miles of the Atlantic Ocean, where they still
live. In the past few years other Transveal
Boers, believing that the growing troubles with
the oudanders could have no peaceful solution,
have also sought now homes, turning their faces
chiefly toward the vast region on the Atlantic
coast which the Germans were just beginning
to develop. At the end of last year, ecsordray
to the statistics of the Deutschen Kolonialdlast,
637 of them, women and children ag well aa men,
were living in the new country. They already
form 22 per cent. of the total white epee
and their families comprise nearly half of the
white women and children {n the country, and
these Boers now form the majority of those whites
who have gone to the country to make it their
permanent home Soldiers and the adminis:
trative foree still form the largest element iu
the white population

More than half of the Boers are living in the
northern part of Great Nama Land he Ger
man explorers say that a large part of the in-
terlor may be converted into one of the large cat
tle regions of the world. It would not be sur
yrising, in the event of the overthrow of the two
Joer Republics, if another “great trek” should
take place. Hundreds of the Boers who are de
termined not to live under the British flag may
ourney in their tent wagons across the Kalahara

| Waste to live under German rule on the plains

of German Southwest Africa

ELEVATOR HEART DISEASE.

 

It Attacks Those Who Run the Lifts and Is
the Cause of Accidents, Says a Doctor.

From the Denver Republican,

The cause of the runaway of the elevator at the
Brown Hotel on Saturday night, which resulted
in the temporary penning up of & woman and the
pilot, was explained yesterday. On Saturday
evening, when the accident occurred,it was thought
the trouble was with the cable But the examina’
tion of the elevator disclosed the fact that the only
damage done elevator, cable or lever had been
done by the collision of the elevator with the top
of the shaft. ‘The trouble was thus placed upon
Monte Inman, the pilot.

\ sudden attack of heart trouble ts said to have
caused a temporary paralyzing of the arm, which

refused for the moment to push back the lever
Tniman will not admit that this was the only cause
of the accident, and insists that the lever was out
of order, but when @ physician was consulted yes
terday he asserted with great positivensse that
the case as desenbed to him was one of an atiack
heart failure tle went on to say that this
trouble is very common among elevator pilots

“Especially is this true in such high altitudes
as this,” said Dr ROH Brown of Chicago, the
physician who discussed the matter at the hotel
“The sudden ascent and descent and often the
shock of a too hasty stop soon tell on the action
of the heart when this vocation is followed at an
altitude of a mile above sea level, Of course, the
faster the elevator goes the more aggravated will
be the heart trouble of its manipulator, and in a
high building the chances of serious resulta to his
health are more certain than in a lower building
The air at the top of the shaft in a ‘sky-scraper’
istighter than atthe bottom, and the rapid change
from one altitude to the other made so often has &
most serious result It cannot be otherwise.
The ordinary transient in this part of the world
is affected most uncomfortably by walking up-
stairad ata fair speed The ascent in an elevator
at many times that speed does more harm. The
guest at the hotel or the visitor to the Public build
Ing does not notice It much, but the pilot who re
mains in the elevator for hours ata time, day after
day, is permanently injured in due time.”

‘T was an interested visitor to the State Capitol
on Saturday — Kuta few hours before the accident
4! the Brown Palace Hotel | was conversing with
the pilot of the State Capitol elevator on this vers
subject, and he told me that he was already feeling
the effects of his vocation, and was at times during
the day obliged to leave his post and secure the
services temporarily of some other State employee
todo bis work unt his heart resumed its normal
acuon. This is the same story told me every
where T go. Tt is one of the threatening fatal re-
sults of what wecall ‘modern improvement,’ which,
in other words, is the refined manner of self torture
and risk of life and health in order to do something
a little faster and thus make a few dollars more
than we otherwise could do There ia a point of
speed beyond which as a matter of protection to
life, limb and health, elevators and all other ve
hicles of locomotion should not be allowed to go
‘The mad rusb in this country ,of which the fright
ful speed of the elevator and the bicycle ‘ecorcher
are typical, must stop somewhere © The fatal re-
sults of these things are most apparent,

It was only afew weeks ago that I was called
to attend 4 manin Chicago who had been suddenly
stricken down and who died before T reached the
house, LT could find no reason for hia death ex
cept that the action of the heart had been bad,
but upon inquiry | learned that he had for two
years heen an elevator pilot There was then no
doubt at all in my mind as to what caused his de
mise, His family finally accepted my statement
that he dled a martyr to the ‘modern improve-
ments’ which make life so easy that the great pub-
lle does not get proper healthful exercise. His
last words were ‘Top floor.’ ”

Doings of the Volcanoas,

Careful study of the behavior of volcanoes has
enabled observers, in recent years, to Predict with

| ome degree of accuracy when @ renewal of piu-

But, Lord, there |

 

| that seven craters are active anit

up in one whatever work is suitable for it, or he |

ute the work torether outside iid then places
it in the tank where it should go There are
thus provided i tanks eoitecsing fishes that

ould in their native weters swe such "|
cleft rocks and hanging rock Pots in whieh
they can find ehelter and retreat according to the
instincts of their nature, and this with poekw
ofsuch bulk as net materially | en they

 

of waterin the tank ther
outof view

It may be that the cament in the rockwork built
UP or joined in this manner will show when iti.
first put into the tanks Lf it does show at the
outset it won't remain visible long, for very soon
the whole work will be coated with a fine, velvety

sorto putthe fishes altoge

 

communication can be sucerssfully established | gpomtp ot marine vegetation that will cover it
a

and operated over the same wire.

| them

| Itelf atter long periods of quiescence

onie activity is impending This was the case last
summer when Mount £toa fora fow days attracted
attention after seven years of almost complete
quiescence, The last eruption had ocourred in 182,
but in the autumn of 1598 blue flames began to
emerge from the mouth of the largest crater and
@ great deal of vapor was emitted from the lesser
orifices. It was then announced that Ztna seemed
to be proparing foran eTusion of lava, probably on
the sonth or southwest slopes. The expected erup-
tion did not begin till the morning of July 19 Inet,
when great volumes of smoke with lava and sand
began to issue from the main crater, but after
several days the activity gradually eubsided and
¥tna soon resumed its peaceful aspect

Tho present generation hears little of San-
torin among the Cyclades in the Bgean Sea, but
the voleuno will again become «4 centre «f
interest if the recent statement {a true that

| Santorin is preparing for another series of the ter

rifle explosions and outbursts of flame that have al
Ways marked its active periods. For thirty yeara
Santorin has been content with the continuous,

|

 

| perity of thelr awn country and in th

!

 

 

mild emission of gases, but according to the Compies |

Rendus of the French Academy of Sclencea the vol

eano pow exbibite much unrest and anactive period |

is predicted. This ia nota pleasing prospect forthe
inbabitanta of the little island of Thera,who have long
been permitted to produce their excellent wine in
peaco, It is near the crescent western shore of
hers that Santorin has reared itself and two other
lava islands above the sea, When it finally arouses
+ no volcano
excels it in the violence of ite outburste The
eruptions between 1800 and 1870 when, according
to Reclus, no leas than a he'f million of partial
eruptions were counted in Ove years, drew specta
tors from all parts of the world, including some
men of ecience, whose observations made a distinct
addition to our knowledge of voleante action.
that period the ashes were sometimes thrown toa
height of 4,000 feet, and the immense outpour ng of
scorim morethan doubled the aizeof the Island of
Nea Kammen:

Old, reliable Stromboli, on its isiand thirty miloa
west of the Italian province of Calabria, can always
he counted on to present about the sane kind and
intensity of phenomena, The latest report saya
at the voleano ta ,

showing its normal explosive activity.’ Probably
for ages Do Sailors have passed the island without
witnes#ine aD illumination of the summit of Strom

le Every few minutes java bubbles up tn the |
rater, @splosiona are heard aul siones are toasad
fnto thea. The spectacle. particularly at ntght, is
pleasing and the ie 1 olive growers gather their
crop without fear that Stromboli will ever misuse
It has its momenta of irritation, however,
and then the ashes may rise so hich into the air as |

 

to be carried off to the coset of Calabria

In |

| NEW YORK’S HARBOR POLICE

THE RUSSIAN FINANCES,

OFFICIAL DENIAL THAT CURRENCY
REFORM [8 A FAILURE,

 

M. de Routkowsy, the Financial Agent of

the Fmpire in This Country, Tsues a
amphlet to Correct’ Erroneous Stories
asto the Change From a Silver Basia.

M Routkowsky, the financial agent of
Russia in the United States, declares that the
assaults on the credit and the financial system
of Russia which have been frequent during the
past two years are made for political purposes,
Mostof them, he asserts, have been made originally
by Fnglish newspapers inspired by enemies of
Russia. So persistent lave been the attacks
that M. de Routhowsky has prepared a state
ment of Russian finance and currency reform
for publication throughout the United States.
In this statement the financial agent reviews
the currency reform of the country during the
past three years and shows the remarkable re
sults that have followed the intratuction af
the gold standard

Previous to 1897 silver was the standard of
value in the Russian Empire and the unit was e@
silver ruble which contained 18.02 grains of pure
silver and was equal ty 100 kopecks \ ruble
was equal in value ty 1161 grains of pure gold,
State credit notes and silver circulated atpag
up to 1854 and notes were exchangeable for coin,
Then the wars of the country and consequent
tremendous increase In the expensas of the Gove
ernment brought about a suspension of the exe
change which lasted forty years, paralyzing
economical development. ‘Ihe determination to
adopt the gold standard was reached in order
to overcome these evils. The Government went
to work to accumulate gold, and in December,
1896, it had on hand 1,265,000,000 rubles in
gold. With this reserve the Currency Reform
law was put in operation and specie payment
was resumed. The first thing necessary was
the legal adoption of a now unit of value

The value of silver had fallen so that a ruble
instead of being equal in actual value to 100
kopecks was worth only 45 kopecks. The value
of a credit note of one ruble was 66 2-3 kopecks,
This had been the gold value of the note for threa
years and it was decided to redeem them in gold
at that rate. Then by Imperial ukase, gold was
established as the standard of vaiue, the unit
being a ruble containing 0 7742 grains of pure
gold, equal in value to 51.4566 cents of American
currency, Silver was relegated to use as stb-
sidiary coin, but was still legal tender for taxes
and dues to the Government for any amount, but
to private individuals to the amount of only 25
rubles. The state bank of Kussia was made
the only credit institution authorized to issue
state credit notes exchangeable at par with gold.
The eachange of these notes at yar with gold
was guaranteed by the gold reserve for their
redemption and by the whole state property, about
900,000,000 acres of forest land and 20,000 miles
of Government rairoad

The standard of value having been established
and the parity of the other money with it having
been guaranteed, currency reform was an es+
tablished fact Since that time tho amount of
currency in circulation in the country has ine
creased from 1,102.8 million rubles to 1,360.6
million rubles. The amount of gold currency
has increased from 80.6 million rubles to 66.23
million rubles, The amount of silver currency
has increased from 24.4 million rubles to 143.3
million rubles and the amount of notes has de-
creased from 1,047 6 million rubles to 555.0 million
rubles, which the Agent of Finance declares im
his statement show how grroundless are the rumors
spread by speculators thatthe currency reform
isa failure and has created monetary stringeney.

The balance sheet of the State bank, he says,
shows 815,000,000 of unemployed rubles in the
vaults when the deposits are on!y 664,000,000,
including 407,000,000 by the Imperial Treasury,
and anybody who has suilicient security to offer
can get money at the bank «ul the market rate of

intereat, Continuing, the Financial Agent says?
“The stock of gold since the introduction of the
currency reform not only has not decreased, but,
on the contrary, has increased. For example,
on Dec. 23, 1896, before the introduction of the
reform, the stock was 1,206 millions of rubles
aud atthe end of 18901t was 1,560 millionsjof which
927 millions were in the bank and 659 were im
circulation among the people.”

The decrease of the amount actually in the bank
is due, the statement says, to the redemption of
credit notes. “The forcing of gold into circulation
did not in the least decrease the capacity of the
State bank for the immediate redemption of all
circulating notes, for example. on Dec. 8, 1889,
the amount of notes in circulation was 518 millions
and in the bank 112 millions, a total of 680 millions
and the stock of gold in the State bank and
branches (not including the stock of gold belong-
ing to the bank and deposited with foreign bankers)
was 806.7 millions; thatis the ratio of the reserve
to the outstanding notes waa 167 to 106

“Tf @ reserve of 50 per ceni. of gold againat the
outstanding nota is considered safe for the larga
foreign banks (Bank of Austria at present, 53

reent., Bank of England, 38 percent, Bank of

Trance, 47 per cent, | nited States ‘Treasury,
55 per cent, Bank of Germany, 37 per cent.) we
must be allowed to consider the above indicated
reserve amply sufficient (179 per cont on Jan
1, 1900, if one includes tn the gold reserve, cold
abroad, belonging to the Imperial Treasury) to

uarantee the redemption of the notes of the Stote
frank of Russia, and that, if the expansion of the
industry and commerce shall require in future
some issues of notes, these issues, made strictly
according to the law of Nov 14, 1897, have vote
large and safe margin, before even bringing the
reserve of gold to @ par with the outstanding
noes

There ia a detailed statement of the resourcag
of the country and of public expenditures for the
pant twelve vears. In 1587 the revenues were

20,000,000 roubles, and the expenses 842,000,000,
A deficit of 22,000,000 In 1808 the revenneg
were 1.554,000,000, and the expenses 158 000,000,

   

 

    

   

   

a surplus of 226,000,000 In only « r since
1887 have the expenses ex led the revenues,
That was in 1891, when t » wasacefictency
of 85,000,000 roubles ‘The statement eonecludest

“Tf one considers that it was only in 1861 that
the great bulk of the population was freed from
serfdom and land waa allotted to each community
of peasants, one must admit that the result@
achieved are such asone may be proud of, and that
they give a firm conviction of the great and ine
exhaustible economical resources of tho Vusrian
peonie, who do not envy the prosponte of other
nations. but desire to be left unhampered tn the
peaceful development of the resources and prom
pursaite
of happiness, without encroaching on the rithu
of other nations”

 

MAN AND STEER ON AN ICE CARA
The Unpleasant Experience of a Cattleman
in North Dakota,

Prom the St. Pau! Pioneer Prese

Siovx Fans, 8 1), Fel 24- Afloat tn the
Missouri River ona cake of ice barely largeenough
to support the weight of aman. with a wild range
Steer for a companion and certain death Staring
him in the face unless he was able to force the
animal from the frail and unique craft, was the
eX perience one day this week of Jolin @. Anders: n,

acatileman of the ceded Sioux land ranges

The aceneof the thrilling adventure was near
Crow Creek Indian agency \nderson has @
contract with the Government to supply beet

cattle at Crow Creek agency for issue to the In-

 

  

 

 

dians. He had just reached theagency with
a large herd which bad been driven overland
| from the nenrest railroad point, thirty mil away,
and before placing the animals in the ageoor
corral decided to water them atthe Missouri River,
only a short distance away. The channel of the
river at the watering: pointis kept tically
ail winter by the warm water from an artesian
well, which empties into the river a short distance
above the landing he recent weather
had, however, frozen the river fora distance of
about twenty feet out from shor sanding
the newly formed ice Anderson believed he cout
water the beef herd ina long trovih he had cue
through the ice, and that by getung in front of
the animals himself he we ‘ lo keep
them from slipping into the channel or getung
so faroutasto break thresh
The animals, being will and thirsty, rushed
down tpon the ice in a bunel 7 ttleman
realized tthe danger. bul before ull dive
enough of the cattle back to shore to relieve tha
pressure on theice, the weightel catde cracked
the ice, tore it loose from shore and Anderson
ti n ¢
suddenly found hime: " mpa with one
steer, toaling out into the current on the eake
of ice After superhuman efforts lie su ceeded
in pushing his unweleome « penion into the
river, when it swam pack te shore The
eattleman floated rapidly down t) een channel
of the river on the cn fice and finall s frail
erat) ran against solid ’ ‘I on pave a
leap and landed safely, and the lid under
the solid ice

“THE SUN" AS A REAL ESTATE

ADVERTISING

and News medium wil better

meet your rae
quirements than any other pul

ication, reache

ing as it does people who have money for
tavestment, gad supplying oneh day all the
new available of intereat to those interested
fe the Bealty Market.— Adu

 

==,

‘