«

|
b
i

 

 

NOVELTY'S STAGE VALUE,

STRANGERS BETTLR THAN FAMILIAR
ACTORS FOR NEW PLAYS.

That Subject Illustrated Variously in the
Theatrical Productions of Last Week
—Comedians From London ard Trage-
dians From Japan Modjeska’s Venture,

If every new play were performed by abso-

lute strangera the author's intentions would be
the better carried out. ‘That is to say, if the only
personal ities thought of by the audience were those
of the fictional characters, utterly disassociated
from those of the actors, the result would be 4@ more
effectual representation, ‘The soundness of
this proposition is demonstrated in "My Daughter
in Law,” the farce introduced last week at the
Lyceum. The company from London was com
posed, with two exceptions, of persons who had
never been seen on our stage, or so briefly or
long ago that they were unfamiliar here, ‘They
figured therefore only as the individuals of the
piay, just aa though we bad come across them ina
novel Their aspects and actions were wholly
new to us. Take the separate case of Fanny
Brough as an example She enacted the eccen-
tric mother. How much of mimicry and how
much of mannerism were blended in her amusing
achievement wasuninown to the audiences, ex
copt the few persons who had seen her in London
theatres. Here she was a revelation in oddity.
Every curious inflection of voice, whimsical quick
ness of movement. or ugly grimace of facial ex
pression, was taken as belonging altogether
to the portrayal. Who cared how much of the
funny embodiment was due to skill, and how
much of it she couldn't help doing in that way?
Suppose that Mrs. Gilbert had appeared in the
role We have known her so long and well that
there would have been less Mrs Mainwaring
than Mrs Gilbert in our minds. We would have
said to ovrselves that the acidity of thatwoman
was a mere protence ~ that the sweetness of Mrs
Gilbert, as we bad seen it in a hundred plays
was underneath that souruess In other words
the purpose of the part would lave been ina meas-
ure defeated. Four of the male characters in
this piece were impersonated by unfamiliar act
ora. Mr. Standing as a. henpecked old husband,
Mr Hicks asa young husband wavering between
his mother and bis bride, Mr Kemble as a man
with a bad stomach and \fr. Maylon as a man
with bad eyes, were completely disclosures in
comicality, and much the funnier for that new
ness, But Mr Gottschalk as 4 man with bad
ears, though quite as clever as the others, was
less laughable because we had seen him over
and over, and knew that bis looks were not much
of a disguise He was Mr. Gottschalk to us
The rast were the playwright’s creations, The
marked sucoess of “My Doughter in-Law” was
as much due to this novelty in actors as to their
cleverness or that of the author's, But Carre
and Bilbaud’s piece is an ingenious variant of
the mother injaw theme without recourse to
farceal violence or salacious matters. These
writers turn out the wickedest of the French
stage fun This time they have shown that
they can mould in clean plaster as ingeniously
as they do in dirty mud

A lack of newness worked against Helena

Modjeska in her venture with Marie Antoinette

atthe Fifth Avenue, ‘The three audiences, which

were all that the drama is likely to ever getin New

York, were bored intolerably. It fs not unkind

to include the looks of an actress in an estimate

of her performance. ‘Thatis an essential element
in her embodiment of a character, The minia
tures of the Austrian Queen of France from life
may have been made by flatterers, but they have
convinoed us that she was a delicately beautiful
young woman. It is true that she was 38 years
old when she was guillotined, but her frivolous
gayety lasted almost to the close of her life, and
readers of history are apt to think of her as juvenile
in age as well as Infolly. Modjeska was not
like that at all. She was a solid old matron, and
John Kellerd, who played the King, might more
reasonably have been her son than the litde child
who appeared as Dauphin The age of the
actress was not the only oldness that barred her
from success. Her style of acting, with its rule
and rote precision, is wellnigh obsolete We
will stand it, we may even like it, in Shake
epearean parts. ‘There is no reason \o presume
that Modjeska will not be deemed admirable
when she reappears as Lady Macheth to morrow
night Naturalness is not expected or desired

{n the standard tragedies. Modjeska's Mary

Stuart with its fine weightiness is still highly

regarded and those who saw it last week were

respectful, though depressed. But as Marie

Antoinette she did not hold attention, nor keep

the wearied people in a serious mood, because

the character and the play bad no place in con
ventional esteem. Probably Clinton Stuart had
written on an order for a new play similar to

“Mary Stuart.” Anyway, that is what he turned

out, and he made a respectable job of it, But

the time is out joint for that kind of stage litera-
ture. Historical pieces must be about ninety per
cent. fiction if they are to please modern audiences

Mr. Stuart's originality was ample, but it spent

fiself in changing Marie Antoinefie from the

selfish, frivolous and unsympathetic queen, such
as she was, to a devoted wife and mother, such
aa the actress desired to portray, That was an
excusable perversion of history for theatrical
purposes, But it did not, after all, provide the
pathos which it was meant to yield Two acts and
most of the third consisted of explanations and
discussions of characters in their connection with

French politics of the Revolutionary period The

personages told with tedious particularity who

aol what they were, ‘The modern and better

method of dramatic composition is to develop |

traits, motives and purposes In scenes of action
Mr. Stuart did not do that until the mob invaded
the Tuileries at the end of the third act. Then
the first interesting buman being appeared in
the furious person of a virago leader of the rabble,
and the dull drone of mere talk gave way to spirited
commotion. But after that the drama fell back
{nto the worn-out method, and the last two acts
were composed of the agonies of farewell, singly
and collectively, between Marie Antoinetic and the
other members of family. These passages were
written and acted without a touch of spontaneity
and in full adherence to the olden idea that 4
painful scene cannot be too long Latter day
audiences are as tender hearted as their prede
cessors, but they are more sophisticated and their
tear ducts are not to be tapped conventionally
They weep readily over the unstrained pathos
of ths roughly worthy lieutenant in “Brother
Officers,” and the abnegatory guardian in “When
We Were Twenty one,” but they wiped no eves
for the laborious woes of the doomed Queen In
“Marie Antoinette.”

Strangers from Japan gained attention last
week at the Berkeley Lyceum. Their perform
ance was both instructive and amusing. A war
drama was particularly curious. “The flerce man-
ner in which the combatants struck ateach other
with the broadsword held in both hands, the
electric sparks made when the rough edges of the
Dlades struck together, and the way in which one
would throw the other over his head to the ground
were surely realistic. Theintensity of this scene
was heightened by weird music The queer
Oriental sounds, suitable to this action, were 4
great help. In the battle it sounded supernatu-
rally horrible It reminded one of the Indians’
weird dance as heard, but not seen, In “The Girl I
left Behind Me,” when the savages are sur-
rounding the hopeless whites. In all the Japan-
exe plays at the Jierkeley the native music was
used effectively, “lhe Geisha and the Knight’
cared when all concerned In it were happy, but
et fntervals a warning note was struck asa token
of the sorrowful ead that was to come with the
pitiful death of this geisha

The liking of New York audiences for new
Persons to amuse them was demonstrated on
the opening night of “Mam'selle ‘Awkins,” the
extravaganza at the Victoria. The Beaumont
Sisters, long familiar in the music hails, intro
duced a negro song and cake walk, They are
adepts at that kind of Jollity But for a time
it looked as if there was going to bearow A
emal) young woman of the chorus, Elfie Fay,
sapped out from the line, and, in aterpsichorean
frenzy, caricatured what the Beaumonts were
doing She was a sudden and surprising revela
tion, and the people were jubilant over her It
fe said that shedeveloped value unexpectedly
in « Boston performance, and was encouraged
to augment it. The Beaumonts held the centre
of the stage, but not of attention. Miss Fay and

1 cic eens academia
tiem ec i tO citer

 

| those days

 

4 male companion were younger, and they kept
their wind better, Compared to the flame of
resentment that lighted the Beaumonts’ eyes
an election bonfire is a mere spark
self possession and suppressed emotion they
never slackened their rag-time exertions, Lt i
said among theatrical people that Richard Carle
makes no attempt toconcea! the sources of the
material for his pieces, He will say coolly to some
originator, if “such and such a thing of yours
is clever, I'm going to use It in the new piece I
am writing.” ‘There are evidences of this system
of collecting a musical comedy libretto in
“Mam'selle' Awkins.” Mostof the Jokes though,are
#o old that the authors must have died long ago,

“You ought to know French better,” says one
character, “didn't you learn it in Paris from a
regular parasite”

In the matter of songs the originals were betwr
than the jokes, and are the copies ic. M. 8.
Melallan had not written a lot of good verses
for the Casino 4 few years ao. “Matm's lie Aw
kins" would have hai ty) fire worse ly neatly
Paraphrased as “Dolly iistead of “Molly.” the
ditty from “In Gay Sew York” wan heartiy
applauded. Another MeLellan inglio, the
about “the harmless little girlie witu the down
cast eye,” was revived. Mr, Carle apparently
has @ fondness for this, He used it also as the
basia for “The Innocent Young Maid,” sung in
‘The Rogers Brothers in Wall Street.” Every-
one who saw “The Lady Slaver teinembers Dan
Daly, Virginia Parl and Walter Jones singing
about the harmless litte girlie as they walked
across the stace together and talked to one another
between the verses. Will Armstrong, Mayme
Gilroy and Pttlenne Girardot are the trio in
“Man'selle “Awkins.” ‘This manner of song was
brought from Rugland by a company of London
burlasquers who played at the Standard about
ten years ago, ‘The music that Mr Carle's latest
imitations have beeaset to is appr nate, catchy
and not very reminiscent, Some it is by Her.
man Perlet, but the best is the composition of
Alfred FP. Aarons, whose spirited march brings |
the second act to a close, ‘The way in which it |
is dragged in, however, is so awkward that it is |
funny, All the characters are on the stag? and
one can guess without half trying that the act is
to close with a march. One of the women re-
marks that she would like to marry a soldier,
though none has henshown or mentioned before.
Immediately everyone commences to mark time
in the good old fashioned spear-and banner Ama
zon way. ‘The orchestra strikes up Mr, Aarona's
new air, the players sing it, and a brass band
in the gallery helps the noise. The roof of the
Victoria has stood the test of Sousa musio for
six Weeks in “Chris and the Wonderful Lamp,”
otherwise the “Mam'selle 'Awkins"” musical
rough house finale would be regarded as danger
ous,

on

 

FIGHT OF A FOX FOR LIFB,

Reynard Twice Abie to Foll Dogs—-Pet
Foxes That Ran Wild.

Unica, March 3.—James H. Bucklin of Little
Falls was the greatest fox hunter of the Mohawk
Valley in his day. Heis now 60. Until he was
40 his principal business was to hunt and fish,
and as the Mohawk Valley abounded in game
and there were no gama laws to restrictit the sport
was full of excitement and pleasure, His annual
fox record was between twenty two and twenty-
eight hills. He told the other day of an experience
at fox hunting that he and Seward Devendort
had below Little Falls about fifty gears ago

“We were hunting just below Little Falls, In
the neighborhood of Gen. Herkimer'sold home," ha
sald “We hadn't been out very long when the two
dogs started a fox. The dogs ran the fox around
the edge of the hill and finally brought him to the
base of the bill neat us. We thought we had him
sure, but he ran intoa hole in the ground that
bad been made by a rabbit or @ woodchuck. We

decided todig himout. Seward went to the house
and secured a fishpole, a hoe and a shovel We
stood our guns up against a tree near by and with
the fishpole measured the depth of the hole ‘Then
Seward began to dig down at the end. One of
the dogs was trying to cig in at the mouth of the
hole, while Pheld the other. Seward had worked
only a litte while when the side of the hole facing
the ravine broke in and revealed the fox in the
hole, With the hoe I pulled the dirt away from
the mouth of the hole that the dog might have
achance atthe fox. The dog went into the hoie
and the first thing he did was to grab at the fox's |
tail The dog had a good hold and siripped
the hair from the tail from the body to the end

 

When the fox came out the dog grabbed him
by the neck. The fox clinched his teeth on the
flesh of the dog's cheek and they had a good flight

The dog let go his hold on the neck of the fox
and put both feet against the fox to break the hold
of the fox on his cheek, The fox hung on and
Seward took the shovel and pried the jaws of the
fox apart with the handle. When the hold of the
fox had been loosened the dog grabbed him by
the neck again and shook him terribly After
the shaking the dog let the fox fall to the mround

“There ain't any more fightin thatfox,’ called
Seward, and to all appearances there was not,
The fox was lyving on the ground limp and lifeless,
its tongue out and its eves about half closed

“You think there ain’'tany lifein him, do you”
I said to Seward. ‘Well, You just put the hoe
handle under him and give him a toss

"Seward did so and threw the fox into |
The fox landed on all fours and was off in an
instant over the edge of the hill  -f let loose the
dog 1 had been holding and he went after the
fox ata hot pace As we had placed cur muns
against atree we could not get to them in time
to shoot the fox, The dog ran the fox up around
the hill, into a ravine on the other side and out
again and over the brow of another hill The
dog and the fox were just disappearing over the
other hill when Seward and J] mounted the hill
on the side of which we had just been digging. |
We could see that the dog was raining and the ;
chances were that he would catch the fox. We
hurried across the ravine and the hill and soon
came upon the dog and the fox locked together
inafight. The dog had the fox by the neck and
the fox had the dog by the cheek the same as
in the first firht ‘his time we had our guns
and soon shot the fox

“Foxes were very thick around little Falls in
T remember examining a fox track
one day that had a@ peculia? crease in the snow
alongside it at frequent intervals, | saw this |
track on several occasions and it puzded me a
great deal, One day T gota shot at a fox and
wounded him in the hip. He eould not run fast
and I followed him to bis hole Lset a trap at
the mouth of that hole and waited unul he got
into it, [ went there once a day and found that
the trap had not been disturbed) I concluded
to leave it and starve the fox out) On the eighth
day from the time | tracked the fox to the hole
IT found the fox in the trap. The leg in whieh I
had shot him was in very bad shape and the ani
mal must have suffered terribly \round the
back of the fox T found astyap and this had caused
the peculiar crease in the snow as the fox lowered
his head This fox had evidently been a pet at
one me or another and the strap had been used
to tie him up

"On one other occasion T got a fox that had at
an early period in his life heen a pet. When I
was trying to skin the animal by stripping the
akin from the back forward over the 4 Siders
aud the head. IT could not pull the skin over the
neck, Uy as hard as | might. I turned the skin
back again and found that he had on a collar
The collar was skin tight around the neck; it
had been there along time and the hair had grown
over it until it was concealed,”

° alt

 

 

 

 

 

ON TUF ICY PAVEMENT.
NEven Dogs, Apparently, Laugh Whee a
Man Slips Up,

For some reason or other everybody laughs
ataman who falls onaslippery pavement. The
apectacte seems also to appeal to the sense of
humor in dogs

Walking up Fifth avenue was a well built
vigorous, hardy young man, who was leading
a dog by a leatherstrap. It was a cold, blustery,
windy day. The young man didn't care a snap

for that [fo never thought of it particularly, one
way or the other, but just plunged ahead, with
the dog trotting along beside him; but the dog,
though not exactly dejec ted, was decidedly net
interested in this airing, keeping right up with
ite master because it liked him and wanted to
do what he wanted, but for all that carrying its
tail down between its legs, and shrinks
erally, Ww) ut regard to pride or appear
seeing nothing paying attention to ne
just trotting along there ina frozen, perfur
way, and anxious only to have the wa wer
and get inside of doors again But presentiyv
there happened something that woke the dog up,
its master had fallen down, ‘Ten thousand mer
more or less, had stepped on the same icy spot
and passed over it in safety, while he, as sure
footed as any in the lot, no doubt, had stepped
on it and slipped
he had hit jt in Just the right way and it floored
im
. But though thrown off his feet he was not thrown
off his balance. He went down smiling, an’ he
reserved the same amiling demeanor after he
nad struck, and while be was getting up While,
to be sure, everybody around whe hed seen him
fall, amiledtoo, Butthe most interesting feature
of the incident was found in the action of the dog
Jumping forward, while its master was still on
the ground, it headed around toward him and stood
there and bobbed its head and arched its back,
and wobbled ite tail between its les, all indi
cating pronounced though — reprassed emotion
Of course itmay have been thatall this was simply
| intended by the dog as an ex Pression of its aem

 
  

 
   

 

 

  

thy with its master in his little misfortune,
put it looked for all the world as though the dog
with due and decorous regard for its master's

| feelings, was yet sm

By the one chance in a million |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.

THIS WEEK ON OUR STAGE,

But with | THK NEW PLAYS TO BRE OFFERED

FOK NEW YORK APPROVAL,
Jamea K, Hackett as the Hero of The
Pride of Jerrico’’ and Tim Murphy of

“The Carpetbagger’ — A Japanese
Sketch, ‘Madame Batterfy’’ and a
Barlesque, ‘‘sapolio.’’—All the Bills,

John Luther Long's story of "Madame Butter-
fly” has been transferred by David Belasco from
the book into a play. The reeult will be made
agparant at tho Herald Square Theatre to-mor-
row night. It is a Japanese tragedy in which
4 girl of orlental island is deceived by an Ameri-
can naval officer. She deems herself his wifo
Ile goes away with a light promise to return. In
his absence a babe is born lo her. When he comes
back there ia a white bride with him. His dark
sweetheart thereupon killls herself, It is a pa-
thetic tale and should be effective on the stage
io Mr Belaseo's hands. Blanche Bates ts to play
ihe Japanese girl and Frank Worthing the falth-
leys lover. “Madame Butterfly” ts only an hour
in length. It will be given after the usual per-
formance of “Naughty Anthony.”

The other new play ready for Monday night
is “The Carpetbagger,” which will be performed
at the Fourteenth Street, wih Tim Murphy as
the politician mentioned in the title Mr. Murphy
used to be a vaudeville celebrity, and his imita-
lions of famous actors, from comedians to trag-
elians, were very popular, N.C. Goodwin made
4 start on the stage im that same way, and it may

well be that the later mimic also will rise to logith |

mate renown. He ts a clever actor ard versatile
In the present venture, which has been com
mended in the West, he impersonates a man ap
pointed Governor of Mississippi in the pertod
of reconstruction. This adventurer is unserup
ulous, and he goes into schemes of corrupt profit,
but at length the love of a gentle woman changes
him to high-minded virtue. The authors are
Opie Read, the writer of southwestern dialect
sketches and tales, and Frank Pixley, a chicago
Journalist. Their colloperative work is said to
be mixedly humorous and idyllic, with an en-
gagingly seriocomie role for Mr. Murphy, who
has been a star in it during a tour of most of the
cites. Thus we are late in getting {t, but prac-
tice should have tended toward perfection in the
performer nce.

On Tuesday night at the Criterion a stage
version of “The Pride of Jennico” will have James
K. Hackett for its hero. The nevel by Agnes
and Ewerton Castle has had 4 wide reading. The
dramatization has been done under Daniel Froh-
man's supervision by Abby Sage Richardson
and Grace Livingston Furniss, ‘The character to
be portrayed by Mr. Hackett seems to be ina direct
line with those gallant adventurers of Anthony
Hope's creation whom this actor has embodied
satisfactorily. The newer fellow is a young
Englishman abroad. He inherits an estate in
Hungary ond takes possession of tt, Then he
is enamored of a Princess, whom he knows only
as her maid of honor, the two girls having changed
place’ in obedience to the royal one's caprice,
The pride of the lover is @ prime factor in the
romance. He and the Princess are married, but
they separate at the altar. Deceptions and mis-
understandings keeps them apart during a time
of perils for the brave husband and heartache
for the fond wife. Mr. Hackett has gained his
best success in fervid, picturesque and romantio
roles, euch as this one should prove to be. A
good scenic outfit may be counted on, The heroine
will be represented by Hertha Galland, whom
the accounts laud

Thursday night will bring a production of little
importance artistically, but portentous comically.
Weber & Fielda’as stock company will enact a bur-
lesqueon “Sapho,” by Edgar Smith, John Strone
berg and Harry Bo Smith. Itis called “Sapolio,
a (lean Satire on ‘Sapho'” The promise of
cleaniiness will be kept, it issaid. ‘The firstscene
will show the ball, where some gay costuming is

and the second will contain the spiral
Nethersole will be caricatured
who will then make her debut

Joseph Weber will be an artist

promised
staircase. M

by May Robson
atthe music hall

in the baliscene, and Fannie achiid later lauis
Fields will be his nurse, and a rival artist, Other
Peter F. Dailey, Irene

warts will be taken by
Perry Charles Ross, John 'T. Kelly, David War
\ndrewa New dancea will be
Bessie Clayton, and @ Pierrot

field and Pearl
shown, a solo by
quartette

Almost every hind of play can be found among
those that hold over at our theatres, The vogue
of “Brother Officers’ is maintained by Charles
Frohman's stock company at the Empire
The promised disclosure of "A Man and Eis Wife"
and the revival of “Lord and Lady Algy” at
the Empire will probably be made in April

There is no news from the Garrick, where Will-
jam Gillette continues to give his impersonation
of the detective in “Sherlock Holmes,”
success of this ingenious drama is both popular
and fashionable

‘She Drury Lane melodrama at the Garden
seenis to be firmly established Its heroics are
not overwrought, its literary quality is not bad,
its scenery is beautiful and its acting is excellent
“tiearts Are ‘Trumps’ is the best of the senes
that have given us “The Prodigal Daughter
“The Sporting Duchess,” “The White Meather’
and “The Great Kuby Our foremost actresses
have played in these melodramas, Julia Arthur,

Ada Keban, Mrs. John lirew, Agues Booth,
helen wauvray, Cora ‘Tanner, Mrs Gilbert,
Blanche bates, nose Coghian and Ainelia ping
bam are ony some of Ue wel huoWwn hames

Despite the vpposition, or because of it, crowds
are filling Wallack s to sea Ulga Nethersole in
*Sapho

the limit that Is in question at the Broadway
is nol a matter ol vulgarity, but of how many
persems can be crowded Into this (heave to see
a dignified religious drama, “Ben Hur’ interests
a great range of people, and attracts many who
seluom gu to @& play house. When they get there
they have see a drama with @ very full range of
stage entertainment from melodrama to
oTmeoUS spectacle

"Way Down bast’ appeals to the same diversity
of people that “Men Hur" does, It is one of the
best rural plays of our Umes, good in moral pur
jose aud in entertainment
York theatregoers that this piece is repeating
at the Acacemy of Music its long run at the Man-
hattan two years ago

‘The present Manhattan play is hardly as com-
mendable from a moral standpoint, but it is not
indecent, and it is wi entertaining. A special
matinee of “Papa's Wife” will be given on Tues
day for actors

“My Daughter in Law,” produced at the Lyceum
last Monday, will probably remain for the rest of
the season

Only one week is leftto Nat Goodwin and Max
ine Elliott at the Knickerbocker, tis: probable
that they will bring “When We Were ‘Twenty
one” back tu New York before the season 1s over
A week from to-morrow night Henry Irving and
Ellen Terry will come for a fortnight at the
Knickerbocker, The first half of the time will be
devoted to “Robespierre. and the second divided
interestingly among “The Merchant of Venice,”
"The Beils,” “Nance Oldfield,” “Waterloo” and
“The Amber Heart,”

*"Coraheand Company Dressmakers,” is about
half through its term at the Madison Square
Farly next month the sequel to “At the White
Horse Tavern" will beshown thera by acompany
now being organized by Charles and Daniel Brot
man. ‘This comedy was played by the Conreid
forces at the Irving Place recently, and found
to be very entertaining

Extravaganza is represented at the Victoria
by “Mam'selle 'Awkins It is ashow witb lots
of dash, anda company of players that keep the
fun going atalively rate Josephine Hall is the
lender of these, but she is well seconded by Rose
and Nellie Beaumont, Lawretea Wheatly, Rich
ard Carie, Mayme Gilroy and Charles Danby.

The other extravaganza, “Broadway to Toklo,”
is more of a spectacle Its ballets have been ex
tensively praised, but not undeservedly The
chief funmaker atthe New York is Fay Temple-
ton, whose singing, cake Wusing, imitation of
Vougere and general fjollity keep her olways in
the centre of attention, wherever her place may
be on the stage
Fay Templeton, Josephine Hall and Mollie
Fuller are women whom one thinks of in remem
bering some of the old Rice shows, Each is

 

 

.w heading a company in Broadway- Miss
Templeton at the New York, Miss Hall at the
Viet ria and Miss Fuller at the Bijou. Tf one

at the entrance of the Dijou after the per
formance of “Aunt Hannah” be will hear many
{ the men on their way out trying to whistle
the Liger Lily’ song. It tsoneof the catchiest
rag times of the season

One more play will be shown at Daly's before

stands
{

 

David Krohman's stock company leaves its
home for Boston on April 2 his is a comed
ee {An Interrupted Honeymoon,” and it will

 

¥ The Ambassador” late this menth, It
Will be used on a tour as will @ Maneuvers
of Jane Wheels Within Wheels" and “The
Ambassador.” In the fall Daly's will open with
HM Sethern and Virginia Harned in “Hamlet,”
and probably a dramatization of “Manon Les
caut’ Then the stock company will return,
lt# members will be the same 4s this season, ex
cepling that an actress will chosen be to suc-
ceed Mary Mannering

 

 

The shifts of plays thls week will be un-
commonly interesting Maude Adama will act
in “The I {ttle Minister” this week at the Harlem

fling at bim with the ress. | Opera House She has played the part of Bebbie

*

very |

it is a credit to New |

The |

 

 

| entire company of Woener & Fields and

 

800 times, almost half of which bas been in New
York. The repetitions in Harlem will be the lost
in the metropolis as next season she will substi
tute a new comedy by the same author.

The change at the American to “Falka” will
be accompanied to-morrow night by some jubi-
lation over the seven hundredth performance here
by the Castle Square Opera Company of the opera
in English The souvenira will be caddies of
cut glass and sterling silver. Mr. Savage's
enterprise was regarded at the first as @ hazard-
ous experiment. ‘he handsome theatre had
never prospered, and opera in our tongue had
never been more than ephemerally successful,
But a remunerative support has been earned

by a good average of reproductions at low prices
of admission in fact, by giving a full money's
worth of musteal entertainment. A spectacular
mwunting of “Palka” is promised,

This week at the Fifth Avenue will be devoted
to Shakespeare excepting Wednesday afternoon,
when “The Ladies’ Battle,” with Helena Mod-
Jeska and (issie Loftus in the chief parte, will be
repeated. “Macbeth” will be played every evening,
the title part by John E. Kellard and the Queen
by Mme. Modjeska. At the Saturday matinee
the Polish actress will appear as Leatrice in
“Much Ado About Nothing.” Two extra after
noon performances on ‘Tuesday and Thursday
will be given to show Miss Loftus as Viola in
“Twelfth Night.” Mme. Modjeska will not take
partin this f ece but the principal members of her
company will

The debut in this country of Carl Wagner,
the German actor, which was announced for last
Thursday night, but wasnot made, owing to his
{llness, is now #et for to-morrow evening. He
will play the bell founder in) Hauptmann’s
fantastic tragedy “The Sunken Bell." ‘The
players who will surround him at the Irving Place

ave been selected from Mr. Conried’s stock
company

The old Daly Theatre comedy, “Seven Twenty-
Kieht,” will be the week's revival atthe Murray
Hill. | When the Donnelly Stock Company played
another of Augustin Daly's translationa, “The
Lottery of Love,” one of the best performances
of the season, was given. Henry V. Donnelly
will appear in “Seven Twenty-birht ”

“Hy the Sad Sea Waves” comes to the Grand
Opera House this week, which is the same as
saving that the theatre will hold merry audiences.
Comedians Mathews and Bulger still head the
company, which is generally the same that showed
the play at the Herald Square and the Manhattan
last season

‘The Star will have the “Gunner's Mate” for a
week. This is the melodrama that was popular
recently at the Grand Opera House. It shows
aman who spends five minutes tn a ateain boiler
and comes out good as new, Such a man is
worth seeing.

The week's play at the Third Avenue fs “The
Missouri Girl.

In to-morrow's new lists of vaudeville offerings
will be much of Interest. Four of the groupings
are for continuons bills. Mme, Herrmann will
head the roster at Proctor's Theatre, She gives
an elaborate showing of slelght-of-hand and
{llustons, dressing the stage, herself and her
attendants handsomely A apectalty that ts
suggestive of novelty will fall to Bernard & Oro
and {9 called “Scenes in Chinatown” EH. V
Fitzgerald will play a one-man drama in Fregoll
fashion, the Willet and Thorne troupe will play
a lively farce, and Julia Ralph, Hrachard, the
Pattersons, and James Richmond Glenroy will
be other contributors

At Proctor's Palace Dempsey and Mitchell
will play a brief farce entitled “A Man of Chance.”
A spectalist who will be a stranger here is Mon.

trell, a juggler, with showy outfit and difficult
tricks, Charles G. Kilpatrick is another whose
doings are not easy to accomplish, his exercises
being on bieyces. Others held are the Wilcveks
jelle Hathaway's monkeys, the roadways and
the Rices, In the showings of motion picturos
made at both Proctor houses to-morrow will be
several novel series, (ne week from to-morrow
Cissio Loftus will reenter Proctor service, giving
her specialty of mimlery at beth theatres after
noon and evening

‘To morrow at Keith's comes the first result of
the motion-picture expedition that accompanied
Gen. Huller's forces in South Africa. It will show
the British naval guns in action at the batte of
Colenso. Harry Lacy and Ida Van Sicien will
be the bill's dramauc players, — Listed as special
ists are Maggie Cline, George Thatcher, the Win
ters, Cheridah Simpson, Maxwell and Simpson,
Lieb and Seerle, Swan and O'Day, Nelson and
Milledge, W. E. Hates, Tom Brown, George Loose,
Mardeau and the De Greaus.

Vocalists to the fore at Pastor's will be Tony
Pastor and Caroline Hull. The sketch pairs
toward the top of the list are Gardner and Emery,
Post and Clinton, Stinson and Merton and the
Dolans. Others to have innings are the vitagraph,
Joon FE. Shepley, the Abacchis, Harry ‘homp-
aon, Polk and Daly, Gorman and -rocvor, the
Heolows, the Jacksons and Vernon

Among the performers who will this afternoon
and evening end their stay at Proctor's Palace
will be Datsy Lovering, Jordan and Welch, Charles
King and Pete Fo baker, and at Proctor s Theatre,
Pollie Holmes, the Colbys, Patrice and Flo Irwin

 

Se

The first showing of the new burlesque and ballet |

at Koster & bial s has been postponed to Mareh
12. so there will be another week of music hall
vaudeville here
are Marguerite Corneille, James J. Morton, Mont

Among the specialists re alned |

gomery and Stone, Elizabevh Murtay, the llarneys, |

the Masecottes, the Pantzer trio, Olive and the
Simons. Nearly all of these will be heard here
this evening

The burlesquers who visit the Schley to morrow
will be seen in “Slumming,” which gives several
views of the East Side, and advances Vinnie
Henshaw as a Bowery belle, and Florrie Madison
os a frisky soubrette. Lewis and Elliott, Cohen
and Gardner, the Cohens and the Review Four
are some of the specialists. Robert Hilliard is
promised to head tonights bill After this Week
this music hall will have @ stock company for the
production of buriesques and extravaganzas

The Dewerwill be without burlesquers this week
'To take their place are the following vauderille
folk Eugene © Rourke, the Fredericks, Biek-
nell, the Navarros, Johnson and Dean, Stine and
Evans, the American Quintet, Derenda and Breen,
MelIniyre and Heath and Rose braham

Joo Hart, Carre DeMar, Jennie Yeamans and
the Nawns will be some of those to be heard at
Miners 125th street, to night. To morrow a new
lot of vaudeville players will begin a week's visit,
Among them will be Jobn W. Ransom, and Dolan
and Venharr

Max Weber, Charles Melds and Robert Stone
will profit by a vaudeville performance to be given
this evening at Terrace Garden, Nearly the
many
wellknown specialise have volunteered their
services

Evening performances at the Eden Musee now
include a sheasing budget of stage magico from
Mildred and = Rouclere. Both afternoon and
evening there are band music and moUon pictures,
this for Sundays as well as week days. The
was show, of course, is the matn feature here.

SECOND.UAND UMBRELIAS,
The Supply Small and Furnished in Part
by the Pawnshops,

There are few things that cannot be bought
second-hand. One can get second-hand anchors
and second-hand books; second-hand gas fixtures
and baby carriages; pianos and iron smokesian«s;
water coolers and office desks; it would be difeult
to think of anything that cannot be bought se:
ond hand. One of the things that, at fret might
be thought, to come within the category of things
not sold in this manner is the umbrella, In-
quiry, however, revealed the fact that umbrellas
are sold second hand; though for various simple
reasens not ao commonly as some other articles
of personal wear or use.

Common an article as the unbrella 6 {n use,
and famil.ag to the eye, yet ‘1.6 far less commonly
used than, say, for instance, shoes. In this climate,
{n winter at least, everybody, wears shoes, and
so would own atleast one pair. But by no means
everybody owns an umbrella, ‘There are in
fact, plenty of people Who never owned one, just
as, singular a3 4t may seem to 60Me persons,
there are many peoply who never owned @ watch,
‘Then, as anybody can use an umbrella, it may
be that a fauuly of half @ dozen persons would
have only one or two or three umbrellas. ‘There
are plenty of big umbrella factomes, with an ag-

regate ouipus of pallions of umbrellas yearly

but the number of factories and of the umbrellas
sroduced would have to be multiplied if every
inhabitant were two be supplied withan umbrella.

A great many umbrellas are destroyed ouuight;
blown inside out in windstorms and made use-
less for any purpose; it wouldnt pay to repair
them, and there j@ nothing left of them worth
usin People commonly have umbrellas that
can b mended, repaired, and people often carry
an umbrella that is on need of repairs with more
thought of its usefulness than of \t8 appearance.
The umbrella ia commonly bot thrown away
until {tis uscless to its owner; and when it is in
that condition, unless it were 4 fine umbrella,
{t would not pay @ second-hand dealer to repair
it For example, it would never do to put a single
panel of cloth in an umbrella top; it wouldn't

match the rest, and it wouldn't pay to put it in,
Another reason why (here are not more

anywa ;
umbrellas solt second hand is that new
umbrellas are so chexon New umbrellas

of aoine kind, can be bought in these days mar
vellously cheap; and persois who might other
wise seek second-hand umbrellas, buy new ones;
they worldn't expect to get them second hand
at any lower prcns

[gut after all there ar® to be found second-hand |

umbrellas, just ag there are to be found second
hani hats and shoes, (hough in swaller num
bers. Some of them are bought by the old clothes
men

Anotier piace at which second-hand umbrellas
can be bought is the pawnbrokers’; in the pawn
shops where personal property of all sorts is taken,
umtretion come in with the rest of the things
offered; they are not common offerings, like sone
things, but not unusual. These, Uf not. sold,
go with other unredoemed and unsold pledwes
to the pawnbrokers’ auction aales; where they
are bought by second-hand dealers who sell that
fad of goods; an addition to the comperatively
imited number bought in the usual mannen

 

of these performan
cess al ¢
for music last rear was voracious and the schema

belungen performances has not been lange, al-
though they have proved

be given in thefr entirety

formances,

culture

gave him a new insight into his own intention

 

ENDORSED BY MUSICIANS

HE “ANGELUS”

It Plays Any Piano.

The “Angelus” is the original cabinet piano
player, and is the result of continuous experi-
menting of three generations of celebrated
instrument makers,

An original is always valued more than a
copy, but in this case the original does what
no other piano player can do, for with the
original Orchestral “Angelus” you can pro-
duce these five effects; there is no other plano
player made that will do this:

1. A piano playing alone.

2. AnOrchestral Organ playing alone.

3. A piano with violin effect,

4. A plano with flute effect,

§. Piano and full Orchestral Organ
combined all at the same timo,

PIANO PLAYER

Any One Can Play It.

Instantly applied to any piano; grand, square
or upright, making ita seli-playing instrument,
No musical talent on the part of performer
A child that has never before seen
a piano can with the ald of the Angelus Or-
chestral Piano Player render the most difficult
compositions in a manner possible to only
the most accomplished pianist. The “Angee
lus’ is making players of thousands of peo
ple who never expected to experience the
pleasure of producing music themselves, and
pianos that have been idle for years are now
being used.

required.

Call and see for yourself that the “Angeius,” the original Plano Plinyer, is the best Instrument made,

Factory:

Main Ritise an A+

den,

 

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS, 1
See !
Current representations at
Opera House are reaching 4 high artistic stan lard 1
No other lyrio theatre could present euch
combinations of famous singers as nearly every
programme contains
take a retrospective view of the last week's per-
formances to convinces one of the incomparable
brilliancy of the present season 60 far as the
principal singers are concerned It is incom
parable in relation to other countries, for previous
companies at the Metropolitan have been col
lected with the same determination to secure
the best powers available. ‘The last week began
with “la Traviata,” and as Mime. Sembrich was
Violetta, it ja not necessary to write that no other
singer in the world today can be ec mpared to
her in this role. Her singing is @ marvellous
revelation of what @ naturally exquisite volce
nd an extreme art in its use can accomplish.
The brilliant music of the first act has never been
sung at the Metropolitan as it was by the Polish
soprano on last Monday night That was car
dling enough {im the florid beauty, but more re-
markable in its proof of her preeminence among
the lyrfo sopranos of the day was her beautiful
cantabils at the close of the third act. On Tues
day evening “Siegfried” was excellently sung
Mme. Nordica, vho was in splendid voice and-
indicated especially well the womanly and pas
sionate character of the last scene,

 

  

 

MM. Van
Rooy, Breuer and Dippel made a quartet which
could not be excelled in any other opera house
in tha world, {f it is indeed possible to find its
equal. M. Dippel's young Siegfried seemed to
be his best role until “Goetterdaommerung” was
reached on Thursday and he showed himself
much superior in the part of the mature hero
Hang Hreuer's Mime was beyond ail praise It
ig worth while to hear “Siegfried” at the Metro
politan now morely for the sake of Herr Breuer’s
wonderful performance. Such an allotment of
characters would make @ star cast of unprece

   

    
 

     

 

WILCOX & WHITE CoO.,

the Metropolitan | is

nicest adjustment
my theory.
It is necessary only to | it for better or fur worse
possible for any human being to be sure of the
intentions of a dead man, that Wagner purposed
two entirely different vocal styles for his decta-
mation and for his melody

departed for Lakewood in a hurry yesterday

20 FIFTR AVENUE.

CALIFORNIA'S CELERY KING,

n the early days of chivalry with the honors
wnors and duties of knighthood Trstan
so curious a mingling of pure
amation and pure melody, that it requires tho
and distinction. You know
Right or wrong, 1 have adopted
lam as sure a8 it is

 

Profitable Business in Supplying FPasters
Markets in Winter.

Granary, Cal, Feb, 25.—The celery king of
Califoruia is D. L. Smelter, and one of his largest
celery farms lies about six or eight miles from
this place in a region where some of the largest
celery farms in the world are found The celery
hing has hundreds of acrea planted with this
vegetable, and those who have choice celery in
December, January or February probably are
using the Santa Ana production, as it is raised
particularly for the New York, Philadelptis,
and Chicago markets

The celery business, while little has been sai?
or written about {t, has been a litte Klondike
for those who took hold of {tin tims, Twen)

dec

 

The one is part con
versational, the other, of course, broad and Quent
I know that [ have been criticised, particularly
in my rendering of Stegmund, for my separation
of these two styles, but | shall go through with
it, criuicisin or ne ecrittasm, bee ause 1 am con-
fidentin my judgement on this point” Tt is
interesting to observe that M. Van Dyck
has theories for all his failures. “And you ray

 

 

 

thatia Jrtsfan you find this part of the mater :

dificult?” Lasked. “Well dificult enough, though | 7eat® ago this section of Orange county « +
not by any means insupersbly dill ult in | looked upon by the Mexfoans and Span. :)
Jyisian Wagner worked under a@ spell of most | Amertcansasa dead loss. For hundreds of acre«

continuous inspiration; and it may fairly be sald
that he was only subconscious of the moments
when declamation turned to melody and when
melody turned back to declamation. It has been
my study and ambition, carefully to make al
distinctions of the kind which it only requires
core and penetration to discover.” “And your
critics,” Lasked “The erities may just say what
they please,” he replied. “Take even the great
love duet in the second act. T maintain that
if even that tapestry of wonderful melodies were
ang in the broad, flowing style, it is impossible
altogether to avoid monotony. Wagner knew
well that you cannot sing the riost beautiful
melodie work for three-quarters of an hour on end |
without fFome monotony of effect; and he rellered
that monotony ber interstices of declamation, |
of musical conversation were, joining as
with Hinks melody to melody, Yes, the critics |
may say, in that matter, what they please.” |
: |

it was a trap for cattle--a perfect bog--and so

unsafe that more than one man had been caught

in its treacherous grasp. Finally some one was

struck by the fact that wild celery grew here all
| the yearround. At that time celeryin New York
| in midwinter was a delicacy found on few tables,
and it dawned upon the mind of the observer
that If he could land celery in the Fast fn winter
by the carload it would pay a big profit. Bo seven
years agothe peat land thathad gone begging
began to find a few purchasers of the kind who
say little and saw wood

The new owners proceeded to drain the bor,
and when it was proved that celery could be
raised and shipped ata profit there was a rush
for the land at any price. To-day this aoil is
valued at $200 an acre, and 1s worth it, as owners
are making 10 per cent. of the acreage value.

The charm about the celery business {s that i
costs but little, A man can plant an acre fora
| $1, the seed not costing more than that, and the
| prospect of selling celery in New York at 81.75

 

ae it

 

JUST A TIP ON THE RACES,

Assemblyman Adler tn Frile at Lakewood
Because Goose Liver Didn't Win,

Ex-Assemb!yman Charles S. Adler of “de Ate”

eee brillianey for any Bur pean theatre, On | “Lam going away,” he said to ex-Assistant | or $2.50 per dozen bunches when it can bes raleed
Wednesday evening “Le Nozze di Figaro” er we ; . “hee : : ‘ :

a oad the services iM men Sembrir Mee itames | Distrl t Att mey Hosalsky, “because I cannot! for 10 cents a bunch is enticing. The celery
and MM. Edouard de Reszka and Campanani, | S'&0e this strain Itis bad enough to be known | hing sent 550 carloads of celery to the East last
Mme. Sembrich is tha most famous Movartsing. | a8 a@ policy prophet but when all your constituents | that Aa on his re ae and wiil oeeres
er of the age Mine. Eames is, according t look ns 4 he 7 | rathigure this winter. e also has celery ranches
ths chtaien oF gue yy Riri : upon 3 uas ® rso sage and 4 dead sure or farms in Michigan and Kansas, using the
tative of the Conutesa that st ver oat with purveyer of sure thing tips, ft {s me to get away } latter places tosupply hissummer market

On ‘Thursday “Goetterdaemmer "reverted an ‘What do you mean by the strain” asked Mr. | ' Phe operation of celers alae, from the plant
unexpected advances in Mo Dinp ls art hich | Romalake and Adier told him this more whieh | 105 of the seed to the delicacy of the perfect Plagns

,

made him a Sivyfried to be most highly 4
His performance was net entiled tot is 1

parative commendation, It was ¢

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

  
 

Wagner opera without cuts

last year #ith suc

r some time to come

Mr Grau gare

a8 three series i

es, emboldened by their suc-

went Garden, The public appetite | ;

prospered, This year attendance on the Ni

I
a fow hours later was common property on the
|
‘

much chance to win as if you played tips

weakly
ning the list of entries held out to him, “here 1s

ia New York in mid winter, is interesting
seed is planted in Jong lines in April, very much
after the fashion of cabbage seed Tn June and
July the young sprouts are sufficiently advanced

wer bast Side

 

 

 

ine y

uty place the names of all the horses

ove out A Baltimore Family Supplied With Honey

by a Big Working Colony.

From the Baltimore American,
Honey bees of different times and countries
have chosen many peculiar locations for their

na hat and draw You have just as
But

you,”

scan:

{ you insist on my picking a horse for
continusd the ex-Assemblyman,

 

Viay Goose Liver

echievement deserving the very | Mr lor Was approached aeveral days °
fe cana tke tansic wel ond } I ann Pan ) Gays Of | co transplant to the field, @ large force of men
dignity and distinction. M. Dippel ‘ | by a buteler named Leber, who has a store in | Wing employed in this work. The plans are
performance put himself on a ifer intio | Essex street "Tilease, Mister Adler vill you | Raced tds or oe eenen ppt in eens rows
fio » fram any that he hae assumed shofera | gif maa n de * . , ye ih elds are thoroughly irrigated, the water
iat gs ba nar mi si eine hove fore gif mea tb tor horse race py New Orleans?” | peing sentdown the many lines of ditches, soaking
Schumann-Heink and Strong and My bdouard a he HUIEI EE {nto the rich soil that is already it would seem,
da Resz hat is sufGeient proof of the quality (hove n> tips,” replisd Adler. } * ie paint of saturation, ‘This irrigation ts
Mmes. Ternina, Fames and Sembrieh were the , Charlie, Charlie, don't tell me so,” sald Lieber: | a reat Or the summer, and the duty which now
singers durit et of the week. There may | 1, | devolves upon the men is to keep it clear of weeds
fa ean ANE that Kina Aine | You haf der inside trag, You vas a@ regular, Three months ensue from the seed planting to
pe ier Oe gle ie an - a lid r the, trausplanting time, and the barvest comer
{ \ . ,
lein I rin Berlin « ‘a nna. t 1 assure you, my friend,” protested Adler ¢ eight m mths after the planting
Rte 6 oa oe ed a 5 ; There are ten men in @ “transplanting team
j ‘I aH ? he ® ani § oi iat To nover bet on a horse race in my lifa and | One lays out the furrows, one digs holes for the
Metro the point of opera fering. | IT wouldn't know a race horse from a car horse” emall plants, four are pullers ae jivemers, while
alta 7 ss Sra ; * . ‘ ) ghsk ie sant a vur mInore are the setters anc Nalters
ut rn hereon) nt i would M «| Dot vas wl richdtt, Cliarhe,” « o fully re One thousand refrigerator carloads of celers
Ramee the Dit ! ns tunes 3 mded the 4 bud you gafe der sure | will roll out of Santa Ana this season bound for
AREA Hnttn tA’ would be lieke indeed, Ff ® | ib on der bliey game py Baxter sdreed, Blease | we ast pi peing 6 return ofa auarter of a million
) party ld be luck i Se Pate Verge : x ehe cl dollars to the celery king and his nei yors it
che sings here during the entire season Mister Chariiv here ts der entries for termorrow. | the business, Une of the Soearealie Weaius “
A series of afler orforn tthe 8 oh wid a horse uudt 1 vill blay him, Vat) is that there are less than two thousand acres
é series 0 « won pe . ANCAS 6 you say gues mid me.” | of land in California where celery is raised, but it
» r ' ine t fter th ! 1 j
. Tt a fain th ape SR Orit tee, I don't kuow anything about horses,” per is the most valuable land in the world for farming,
9 se yt e history of the agent : nee
cent ha -_ ed tt “ 3 +} 7 | A pr : sisted Adler It is a game where the chances ate
season, there will doultioss liGe heard of | are awainst you aad if you are determined to play BEES IN A BATHROOM,
'

1] moderately profitable

hority has pointed out, they bal much better
at the separate per

as when heard in succession they

  

that Indicates a greater condition of
than might be supposed. The desire | t
to hear the operas in theirentirety is asymptom

   

 

anditt

Adler
thought to the tp

ol conbde

mom. Li

musical | yz

 

You ara in that line

| homes, but none have shown themselves more

sy be a ducky coincidence domestic in their choice than a colony in north-

Cuerde, TP vill blay dot hor 2. as long AS Fou

| west Baltimore, which has invaded a dwelling:

The public hears qulte enough of the dramas Bat said the butcher, vill blay ‘von
of the trilogy when they are sung with the cus: | buadredt tollars om Goose Liver, 1 am effer | house, and cannot be induced to go elsewhere
tomary omissions. As one distinguished au. | Selle oblteed | ‘This colony, which has thousands of members,

“Notatali, not atall. That's easy,” remarked
nton his wey without giving another
Unfortunately Lieber, firm

» Liver would wan, did not

| has pre-empted forits own usea partof the dwell-
| ing 1945 Harlem avenue, occupied by Mr. FE J
| Godman,

andw

in the belief that Ger
\"

 

   

ere full of explanation and repetition unnecessary | oer ; = iH a - ° Ane bade nat | When that gentleman moved Into the house,
to persons who hava heard every opera to Its | thoy communicated the tip to their frie de, a | several years ago, ha noticed thatalarge vumber
entirety, The single representations ara moro | crvd flocked later to @ poolroom ant. Lieber | of bees collected around the windows of the bath-
likely to satisfy the public for some reasons and deposited his money on Goose Liver with an air | room, on the second floor, and, on observing

that startled the men in the pool-
er put up 8109, Gas Works Myers | them closely, he saw Giat they came out and wens

wunies and Pete the barber bet a dollar, | into the opening in the house wall through which
” un licber’s ad- | 4) ite ’

bea Sanvaletatn. | the pipe from the bathtub ran. He concluded

that there was @ hive somewhere in the vicinity

  

  

the barrister;

 

 

 

of a new and undeveloped interest in Wagner | Mike Rosenbr 1, U Laratus, the |
of the kind which Just now possesses London, | Official bootblack of bssex Market polieg | ofthe bathroom, andon cutting outasmall section
In experience, knowledge and appreciation of : me , ech ce, Dian + 1 ae Fromon, ) of the flooring he found in the vacant space under
the Wagner operas New York is as farahead of | baum, Cross Eyed Senftman and Bottles Bottle } the floor, and between the joists, on whieh the
London as it stands fn all other musical mat, | * Thore was a rush to the pawnshops all flooring rested, what acemed to him a million
* | . rt t wna 7
ters. Naturally a cycle of the music dran the day that Goowe Liver ran bees, with a large amount of honey
iramas | }ivas a lucey horse, because he haa alu | ‘ i
in their entirety seemed a vastly mora necossury | patie,” said Fiddles Finkelstein to the crow 7 | ‘Tubs and large pans were brought into requist-
poe ais anced Hon to Lond m than it dtd | the poolroom when one of the eruployees began | tion to hold the honey. ‘The houey combs stood
ast re arly N srt audionces which ha len o reat off the results of the races | atright angles tothe joists Ther were an inch
joyed the opr ' of hearing the operas in “Pifth race,” shouted the annonneer, “Goose | in thickness and about ten She T
this form more | a decade before, This season | Livorin the lead at the quarter post.” : | ob aoe nd about tap inches square The
the stage an ement of the operas has been | mr  mecanil beg ey hr : ‘ - | aquaree of honeycomd, set on edge side by aide,
b he crowd began to hug eeeh other, "Mine | conpletely filled the space between the beama

nd deseription From the ¢«
Who extinguished the rambow

five minutes too soon, down

wretched bey
tent functl \
in “Das Rheweold

 

  

 

  

 

   

 

  

for a great work of art necessarily becomes plasti
{n the hands of each
“Then your idea of 7'r Tsaid,“islikely to cea
very different one from that of Jean de Ress ”
Absolutely,” he aid, with the most

air in the world

new impersona

stan

AY, ’
“Tenter into no rivalry of

kind or sort with Jean deo Resske My idea of
Tristan tnvolves something of the primiuse. |,
the elemental barbarian “In order tol y
emphasize tho decisive view | take of tha &
charactor, [ have had now enatumes most :
carefully made” They are as barbaric aa pons!
ble, consonant with dignity. | «hall have an

elaborate headgear, for, oxample, with bronm | »

ornaments, and al! the paraphernalia. assccia!ed | provided for

Invoe | th vas ri

 

   

vit,” whispered Lieber

' | ‘Yo take them it was only necessary to detach
ver, fifth,” declared

the announcer) them at each side from (he beem and lift them

   
    

 

   

 

  

  

 

  
  

 

  

Te w! 1 » was finished out ‘ihe members of the family had all the
‘ . ” ' ‘ ¢ r ' ‘ ' ? .
to ioe Pe oetterdas Bok ‘4 t . . } There was A rusi out ¢ { the room and Lieber honey they wanted and it was freely distributed
lute incompetence reigned Tha « ri - |e 9 Hest 0 Feach the street ; Ile appealed to | to nei! borg and frieuds
tT ouree, speak only English thes J & poli an to wave him, and was escorted | the “robbing” took place in the fall A amall
stand on the stage to tell the stage employees Beh ebro et alee following PpoUnt was left for tue bees to subsist upon
erat (he music requites to bo done on the stance. | Parly on Nu . ay nN ring tho k ers beranto | Mr Godman thougltie¢ would be beter to transfer
hep instructions. } to We itanstatod, nd | call on ex: Assen tyman Adler. ‘the first to) th estoa hive aud take them outof the house
outof this Habel itis not surprising that no unani- | Ay! as Lieber. — = | There were some disadvantages connected with
nous artisc effort can come [In “Goetterdasi- | «yy asa fine man, yes, no , Temarked] teber, ther presence in the bathroom now, especially
merung’ on Thursday this phase of the perform. | I bias ne gondt qohey on dat hore. J lone. | since the hole hed peen bored ip the foor to get
ance was as discouraging as usual Cneertainty | Y oe ee g att wm The children could enter the room and
Pee iescrance fie Dhads, Went Eee | { tL tell vou that T knew nothing about ; take ha bees up trom their place by the double
of the women singing the chorus had to direct her asked Adler : ; han ), and sineoth them along their laps with
the stage rds and it continued unul the iast | « & pisnesn.. apes led the tearful Lieber. | their hancs, but the workers of the colony were
moment of the opera, when for some reason y vas A schemer ; | opposed to certain inembers of the family, and
Edouard de Keszke did not enter the water with | 710 SO° last induced to rare the house, but stung thew whenever they Kot a chance That
the Khine daughters, The last episode of “Goet | ONT 109 TS now 3 porated, demanding that Adier | was"; mye Wa iman desired to pus them ine hire
tordaemmerung” ts, of course, almost impo | ref ‘them for theirlosses ; In the vord
with the present means of the stage Huiite ee y rf no overcoad, ly me a new coad,” urged | It »! ve WAS prepared, andan effort was mace
bo made more impressive than it ts at the onera | G98, Works Myers , to induca the bees to enter it, but the effort waa not
house. When Siegfried comes to Brunniiide | y va helith faner Youcan doansthing,” | @ Succors It brought about a echism in the
on her rocks and the protecting fires began to Fiddles Finkelstein. “I pud mine vateh in | Colony, however. and nearly atl the bees went
fame, the sound of silage bands seratehing ; Wnshop I vant mine money pack,” | pohided ' » NOR rae blizzard lant iebruary the ool-
matches could be heard all over the theatre on Adler earaped by the hack door after a while, | Ony thal remained, oe hensh sae Datsronts pets
a eaday evening | Te aner snicht at the Summit Hotelon tha | Mled, ant Me Godman thought he ha’ gotten
| Rowers, but the crowd found him ther the next rit of the beeg
Ae Ernest Van Dyck finally sang Tristan | °° ' rnined totakethetriptolakewond | AROS 6 Fear alter the exodus of the bees @
on Fridas {ta } as the way to meciire quiet According to | swarin that seemed larger than the one that bed
in his own way Jay, after several post- | \re Rosalaky he will not return for two weelke gone aAwey coturned to the Haslem avenue house
ponements his opinions on the subject may be | — end reocety ied their old quarters, While enter:
: n 8 ntert in the
interesting. They were communicated to Mr GOOD WORK OF A NEGRO PREACHER, | ae a Gout iis Saath nike. te, O8 pe
Vernon Blackburn, in @ cunVersalion on the -- - | bundie about as largwe asa half bushel basket
singer's theories of the character, in these words: | South Carolina to Have an Reformatory for The s\e romained there ever since, supplying
“Do you follow any conventional lines” 1 Juvenile Offenders, } the! y with honey atintervals
asked, “in your conception of the = part” | on~unta, S&S C, March 8—Through the ad ees ‘
He tapped his forehead significantly. 1 | y tent work of the Rey, Richerd Carroll | ype Mig eh aa
e ! ‘ reall¢e tial

follow that chiefly,” he replied. “Vhatisto say, 1 | yrencher, South Carolina will have within ing Ag mn toon Poralehad Hoore Of eet
have worked my conception out bit by bil, piece | d a reformatory for fuvenile criminais, | THA SUN'S adverising columns. BUN readers
by plece, until I have built up a complete idea of | Mtr Carroll began working to secure the establisl suchplaces.— Ady,
what 1 conceive Wagner's 7Trisian to have been. | 1 a reformatory while Sanator Tillman | siete ii be ci
Wagner has somewhere or other distinctly | was Governor and has persevered in hia efforts
eaid thatevery new singer of intelligence always | ¢ ince Moswtof Lis efforts have been directed |

oward @.nning the sympathy of representative |

» and legisiators |
noitory schema seemed hopeless at the |
of the session of the Lavisiature just |
ause of (he expense of carryin n

eoppesition ef those farmer me ’ @
t “ reformintion possible op worth the
i, ne the till, however, was On sily
+ RIVON pry ’ pantation owned by
ite end kien os Lexington Farm for the |

he rent there and the direchare ane de pre | Will do fift
all create, fe Tian a ees veatal weinhe
fail opted epeately trom the | WO" than an equal weight

o reformatory are to be nat ono rinuniain:' of sand or scouring soap. A
very little on a damp cloth

[will do a lot of cleaning,

 

  

 

      

 

t

  

tary protits. ‘There are seme convicia 10
ents old and recently there has been complaint
out their treatment and the inadequate quartere

‘ }

peep

=

er

—