"
$

 

 
 

  

 
 

STACKS UP AGAINST HESS,

C4PL GODDARD ISN'T AVHUD OF
AU, M& MARSHAL EVEN,

Meo Was Called ''a Gosling” and a Mark”
When He Broke Into
They Find Mis Activity Perpicions and
Hie Conversation Poifited oat Times,

Capt. F. Norton Goddard, Republican leader

of the Iwenticth Asgembly di-triect, who is |

peeking to defeat tle Hou. Charios b, Heros
ambition toge to tie Philadephia Convention
tea delegate from the TPweilth Congress dis.
trict, said yosteruuy thut, personaly, he bad vo
more desire Wuttend the National Convention
than he had tg go to Hobokus, Lut that he eon
sidered it poiitivally iminoral for Me. iess and
United Syates Marshal William Henkel to make
a deal ay to the district,

Mr’ Goddard says that he had heard rumors |

for sume time that Mr, Henkel had agreed to
nominaty the Hon, Cornelius \. Bilss as one of

the two delegates to the convention, and sup. |

port Mr, Hess (ortho other, iu consideration of
Dr. Hess's support of his candidacy for member
of the State Committee. No one consulted Capt.

100 delegates to the Congress convention, 40
on Feb, 15 he bad @ talk with Mr. Hees on the
pubject. This conversation took place at the
Executive Committemruveting, According toa
gentieman, not Capt. Goddard, who heard ail
that was said, it went like this:

“Mr. Hoss,” said Capt, Goddard, “I under-

ofthe Twenty-titth, ure to be the delegates
from our distriet to the National Convention?’
“Yes,” was Mr. Hess 5 reply, in a very ageres-
sive tone,
“And that Mr. Henkel is to goon the State
Committee?” continued Capt, Goddard,
“Yes,” assented Mr. Hees vory aggressively,
“That's ali faved up, is it Mr. Hess?’ went on
vt, Goddard,

It id,'} reviled Mr, Hess.
ft Ue ire Heas,’ csaid Capt, Goddard, who |

Bpeaks Very sultiy, “1! ito ail Macd, 4 goue |

to protest against it.” |
“Ob, well,” Air, Hees said in amore moderate

tone, “we've tuiked about it. d dot't tiean
that anything is fixed. \Ve just talked wbouy
"

“Mr, Hosa,” said Capt, Goddard, “I asked

Ptand that youand Mr, Bliss, both resideuts |

Cc

 

ome questions of you In Wuids 48 plain as
here are in the Lnglish laugiage, Lou an-
pwered them in words equally piain, Now, do

you mean What you suy when you aasWer my
plain questions, or do you not?”

“On, well,’ suid Mr. Hess, “if you want to
tae it that way, Why you can,”

hat ended the conversation, Capt, Goddard
ound that Appraisers Wiibuc k. Wakeman aud
frederick W. Grosse were willing to help him
ht for delegates in the Pwenty-Atth Mr
ent found in the Hon. Lightning Jim Stewart
a friend to gut Hess delegates in the Dwenti-
eth. Both sides at once be gan to raid the Hon,
William Henkel’s election districts, using all
the arguments they could to bring the deie- |
ates to their side, Capb Goddard ecailed on
resident Quigg of the County Cominities and
told the story to him, President Quigs said
that “of course, such ways of doing things {
always reguited in trout.e, and in this causy |
there would be the usual amount of troub.e,
probably neither more nor less than was |
usual,” In a letter to ‘JHE DUN yesterda)
Capt. Goddard said:

“since Bebruary 15 LT hava spoken ton num-
ber of gentlemen, Republicaus, ty iny own Ase
sembly district, and in the other Asseuibiy
districts included in the Twelfth Cong
district, and they have each one sad tome
that they were for me and against anybody on
the proposition lait down above. Asva fam
personally concerned I have no mivre desire to |
goto Philadelphia than Ihave togo to Hohokus,
and I should only bea candidate for deiewate |
to Philadeiphia if I thought by tt \ aI
would accomp!ish any good purpose tov the ine
terests of the Republican party and forthe Ke. |

ublican voters in the twellth Congressional

iutrict,

ocom plish my purpose if L succeeded in gettia

or myeelfa majority of votes in the vens
tion; 1 believe that I fully aceomplish tay pure
ae by making a public pror and by earry-

@ that protest belore the Convention, if ur

 

 

Pese.olbar |

 

  
   

   

Cou

 

Capt, Goddard's fight was @ hig surprise to
fe of the politicians resident in the Twelfth |
Pongressional district, who sized him upon his
first appearance in the Councy Commitive as |
bp amateur dabbler ii politics of tha Goo-trmo
ind. In fact, Capt. Goidard has been caled
e@ “gosting’ anda “mark.” and it was predicted
that most ef his political experience would be
gained signing checks, Capt. Goddard has
done some things that have changed this opin-

|
|

on,

“Capt. Goddard?” said Mr. Hess yesterday
“Why, Capt. Goddard can't even go @s an alter-
nate to Philadelphia.”

Col, Abraham Ciruber’s frienia declare that
the row inthe Twellth was made possible be-
cause the Congress conventivusare tobe
up of delegates elected from election districts,
and not by Assem

 

  
 

y district conventions, and |
that the election district rule was adopred for
the purpose of “doing Abe.” They are much

 

pleased to see the fight, and they declare that
uigg@ doesn't want Capt, Goddard asa dale. |
gate, but may have to accept him. Thay also

way thatasaresult of the tight Jim Stewart,
wholfsanotfrienad'yto Mr. Quigg, may rega
the place of leader in the Twentieth which
Capt. Goddard won from him last fall,

CHOP HOUSE TO GO,

The Sterling Piano Company to Kreet a
Seven-Story Building on Its Site.

The Sterling Piano Company has bought the

“THE BANK"

 

Property on the southeast corner of Fulton | |!

street and Hanover piace, Brooklyn, known as

“The Bank,” for about #2U0,00¥, and will build |
on it a seven-story fireproof ates! structure |
with light colored brick walls and granite |
trimmings, Willlam 8, Densiow, President of
the Sterling Piano Company, which has its fac-
tories at Derby and Shelton, Conn., said yes-
terday thatthe new building would be occu. |
pled entirely by his company, On one of the |

floors will bo a music hall, Five floors |

and the basement will be used as
rooms, ono floor to be furnished
parlor, or number of parlors, in order
yurchasers may hear the tone of the planos as |
nahouse, One floor will be used asa repair
shop. The Sterling Company's main offlee has |
been at 536 Fulton street for three years and |
their lease has twomore years to run, at the |
end of which time it ia expected that the bew
building will be ready for ovcupancy
iankley’s “Bank” has becu a chop house
since 1856. Landon ‘I, Lennan was the
original proprietor, leasing it for five years
from Jarvis Ko Rolph, the owner, who
sold it for $5,400 to John Blankley on Aug. 1,
1850, When Lennau’s lease expired Blankley
started in the chop house business hime |
eod continued in it until his death, when he |
was succeeded by Als son, Thomas, who has ,
ust sold the property. “The Bank” wasa |
ery well-known resort, The building {is -
fashioned, and although it was kept In good
repair, no attempt was ever made to modern. |
ze it. The Blankley collection of pictures
Kins alwaya been a feature of the house and has
en added to from time to time. It contains |
productions from the brushes of well-known |
artists. .

RLEVATOR BOY ACCUSED OF THETT,

 

Balese |
as oa
that ;

 

  
 

 

 

 

Pabst Hotel Guest Charges Him
Stealing $6,000 Worth of Jeweiry.

Dr. Ashton Talbot. a guest atthe Pabst Hotel,
Broadway and Forty-second street, was in the
West Fifty-fourth street poiice court yoaterday
as complainant against Edward Cavanagh, one
of the hotel elevator boys, whom he aecused of
stealing $6,000 worth of jewelry. The prisoner
was held in $1,000 ballasasuspicious person
to give the detectives time to secure evidences

With |

 

  

Dr. Talbot's roomis on the siath floor, On
Friday night, he says, the room was entered
by @ thief and the following articles were
stolen from a bureau drag yr: One diamond |
ring stu jied with emeralégand sipph sone
diamond and ruby pin, one diamond and ture

Quoise pin, One diamond aud sapphire pon and

  

 

 
  

  

 

Politics and Now |

Ido not consider that L should only | gry

 

| withthe origina
|} invny be restored, or hot, i

{ ton,

| headatays and car

TOLD AV PURCULIS WAKI,

 

He Supported the Family of the Man He
Was Convicted of Shooting —Pardoned,
Fifty friends of W

Inat nightto attend h

Last Tweaty-tirst atroet

liam Pureell assembled
e wake at his home, 201

They told ctories of

| the charitable work he bad done, and recalled
} the tragedy in which he had figured, Purcell
'

| Was a@saloon-keoper. He owned three liquor

lores, Dh

Wiha ul:

u Which he spent his nights
There he inet mony

 

7o Pirst avenue,

 

| of his fellow membera of the Tammany tall

| General Committee, ‘Therohealso met men of
the district who were looking for jobs, some of
the poorest in the city. He treated all ali!
That's what they said about him at the wake

last night

The members
Were the only persons
| They were the toughest
Kighteenth ward,

f the Fast Side Stable Gang

Who) worried
characters in

All of the saloonkeepera

hitin
the

 
  

| poar the Twenty-third street ferry were afraid |

| of the Btable Gang, Wheneverany member of
the gang called for drinks and refused to pay
| for them it was customary forthe saloonkeepor

to say nothing. But Puree!) got tired of it,

'

| The gang went into his First ovenue saloon on
Goddard, whose district has thirty-two out of |

the night of Dee. 31, 1802, demanded more

| than the usual number of drinks and started a

flght, Purcoll seized a club and drove the
} gang {nto the street, One member of the
gong came back at midnight and was put our
He returned jater with two others, who threat.
ened tu smash the windows, They were chased
away, At 2o'clock inthe morping they threw
stoves atthe door of the saloon, Again they
Were driven away,

Joho Parreil, a milk wagon driver, came
along with atrionda few minutes alters he last
attack, The triend suggest
Purcell’s and have adr
about the trouble Purcell bad had withthe
Stable Gang, 50 be and his friend went to the
side door of the saloon, They rapped loudly at
the door, Ahand ho ding a revoiwer Was Chiust
out anda bullet Was Hred into Farre!!’s face.
Farrel] died before an na bulance arr. ved

Purcell went around Co tis nome and sent for
higlawyer, The liwyeradvised him to go to
the East Twenty-secoud. street. police station,
He went there and said that he heart a man
had been shot at his saloon door but he denied
doing the shooting, He sald he supposed the
police would be looking tor him he was put
under arres A Coroners Jury exonerated
him, but ho was ind.eted Uy the Grand dary tor
manslaughter in the first degree, reiaased on
$lO.G00 nal, tried aud convicted later in the
Court of Oyer and ‘Lerminer and sentenced to
eleven years’ liaprisoniment, On the trial a
memberof the stable Gung swore that he had

 

 
     
   

He had not heard

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

been Purcell shoot Parrell,
Justice graham, who sentenced Pureeil,
renarkec the tine that he Would bave made

the sentence lighter if le thought Purcell bad

  

  

told the truthon the witness stand, Pureeil’s
frie ieclared that the shooting had been
don a bartender, and Chat Purcell had been

nvicted

 

Aitor having served four years in Sing Sing,
Por »pardoned by Gov, Black, He was
amano neiderabla wealth, and announced

 

the man
was his intention, he

that he wou
Who had been sh

isupport the family ot

en, It

Buld,t snd acertain amount of money every
week to Mrs Margaret burrelt, the mother of
the young man
Pureell's death was indirectly due to an
attack of the grip contracted threa weeks ago,
LADIES ChAsE WAR,

Ald Society No, % Connected With the Gere
man Hospital in dersey City Drops Oat,
A bitte h has been waged for about

a year by two rival wotuen

war w!

HU aries to the

   

 

   

{ German Hospital and Dispensary As tion
of Jarsey City has been ended by the disbande
nent of one of the org itions. Thatrouble
onginated at the ¢ t tion of UTS.
Mrs. William Biurm sephStoese!
were candidates for nd Mre. Blum-
lein was elected by a rity, Mra,

sel and her supporters charged that the
election had not n conducted fal hey

 

withdrew fro Vion and formed a

 

ed that they go into |

' if ent d

Hew wh 1 as Ladies’ Afd
Society N Mrs. Stoese! was elected Presis
dent of No, 2 without cpposivion, Then a bit |
ter rivairy sprung up between tha two
organizations which was financially beneflera
to the Hospital Association, but troublesome to
the directors of a@ecount of tt soeial rela-
tlons with the members of the rival factions
The hospital fund was benetited bythe energy
with Which each organication endeavered to
outdo the other inthe way of entertainments, |
concerts, progressive euchre parties and simi-
lar devices, The feeling became 80 intense

ostracism &nd even boycotting was

 

 

 
  

   

  

resorted to, The Board of Directors: of the
Hospital Association under (to restore har-
mony, but falled ruse each director had relae
tives or 'riends eorthe other of the face
tione, The membersof No, 2 went so lar as to
speak of the members of No, las “bauern,’
and afrer that harmony was irevy out or the
riestion. Charnes Mirveniu {Joseph Abel,
bus. mess meu Whose soc alt ype ded them
to yo No. t, pl neof the meet-
nes at the members of Ne, 2 Hoyeotling
hem their business
Notive that the feud waa atan endwas ree
ceived by the directors at their meeting on
Friday night when this communication was
handed in
“This is to notify all members and those !
yooit may concern that até special meeting
tes’ Aid Suc ety 4S Y held Feb. 2l,on

     
 
 

it Was resolved to turn over thet
und handto the Crerinen
Dispensary 4 yooaution au
Ladies Ald society No, 2

Whether the members will agavin affiliate
organization and focia. har.
iua.Ds to be seen,

 

 

+ On

 

 

S4VED AS THEIL BOAT WAS SINKING,

Crew of the Sea-Buffeted Schooner Ketchum
fescued bythe Alamo,

Capt. William and the crow of the

three-masted, cout: ward sehooner Anaga L,

Ketehum arrived here yesterday aboard the

Stille

 

| Maliory Line steamship Alaiao, from Galves-

{the i Thursday at

3 off Charleston, 8. C

Which Dicke iu mt
two hundred mil The
Ketchum sailed from Philade!phia for Jacksone
Ort the

a frigid

ville last Suuday with acargo of coal,
Delaware encountered
northwester, which blew great guns fo
twonty-four hours She turned tail to the
blast aod, under bare poles, was driven to the
southoast clear across the Gulf stream,

The wind shifted to southeast and she came
bowling back coastward, A ga out of
northwest hit her again, anda greet sen that

cupes she

smacked under her bows ripped out her jibe |

bringing down all the
Ww uway the fuoremast ut
the main and miazen masts, being

boom and bowsprit,

   

the hea,

 

without support forward, went by the board,
home of the epars in falling speared holes
through the Geek, penetrated the bull and
helped to increase the leak through opened

beans

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘The sehooner’s two yaw's Were swept ay,
and a8 the crew Were unable by constant rK
at the pumps to gain on the leak their only |
pope of salvation Was in passing craft

ar Y A. M. on Thursday the Alamo eama
along. The sen was so rough that Capt. Hix
hesitated to launch a boat * elreled the |
wreek several times and then decided that
the oniy way to save the fore-ande |

'after’'s men was to the lives of |
some of his own crew The — first
officer and four seamen volunteered, The
Alamo steamed to windward and dropped
the lifeboat, which rowed under the — half-
submerged stern oof the eollie In an
instant all bands ven men all ¢ jumped,
tumbled and fell into the lifeboat, The Aino,

leeward, waited
drift down and
before

which had now steamed to
for rescuersand reseant ft

picked them uy The Ketennia
the Alamo was five miles oa her course,

\
sunk

Poy Soys He Got Drunk for Fun,
“I got di { James Hill,

nk just for fun.” sa

   

    

one diamondand pear! pin, The doeror sail | 15 years old, of &3 Pike street, in the Essex

that the things stolen were worth $ AM | Varket Na watrrt esterd: da}

much more jewelry was loft by the t the | Market police court yesterday, Policeman

drawer Shea of the Malison street etation deeiared
Cavanagh was at work running the elevator hat he found the bov on Friday lying nelp-

all Fiiday evening exeopt twenty minntes, esa aru the Jowalk ip Vike street

when he got u hall boy to take his place Mug. strate Poo mitted the prisoner to the

During that time, it is suid, he was | Catholic Protecto

notout of the building. Detectives searched ———-  --—

the hotel but did not find the jewelery. The | St. Patiick’s Day Parade,

only article in the @levator boy 5 possession | 1

when he was arrested Was a pawa t f John Plant, a contractor, who Is in partners

diamond ring dated = four 4 hs ago hip with his brother Mienael at LINO Eifth

Cavanagh Was suspected becvuse he tod othe ise. te ny ' wh

rervante in the house about the robbery before ; Oyo : Grand Marshal of the Nt,
Dr. Talbot knew of it: himself. The ner, Patek s Diy porate. its aides are to. th

had not been employed at the hote! t Michoel I sand Michael Marti The

aweek. He said that he lived in a Bowery | parade Wiles uo Pitth avenue as tt sid last
lodging house ve Whe i tire pretty much

Weeks Calls on Molineux,

Stine SING, March 3.—Bartow 8
senior counsel for Roland B. Molineux,
paid his first visit to his client st
has been in Sing Sing Prison

Week
to-day

The lawyer ar-

 

 

rived at the prison at 1v o'e k an! spent two
hours in consnitation with Molineux, While
Mr. Weeks was in the “death house’ Mrs

Molineux, the condemned man’s mother, and
his wife came to tha prison and gave some jet
ters to Warden Johnson to be turned over to
Molineux. The letter of his wife whieh up-
peared In the newspapers this morntig wns
Bubmitte'to him yesterday morning belore it
Wae gives out for publication,

oo aon ney ner omer nee

© the latter |

| Want Citizens Oaly Employed on Public

of Work,

Delegates from various labor tinfons in this

city were appointed yesterday toga to Albany
toemorrow fo nttend at 4 1 Assembi¢-
man Kean rile caviastve armninumans
{f citizens on State andimu pal w eee

rk. They

Will urge the passage of the bil]

As to Lots, Plots or Farms,
Reniaers

|
JHE SUN AlWays know when a
good thing ts presented. Let thein know what

you have to gifer by using ita a
Columius, ~.idy Se advertiong

TE

the |

 

THE SUN,

 
 
 
 

TRAP SET FOR THIS JUKOR?

WINTERS ARRFSTED FOR DEMAND-
ING MONEY UNLAWIOLLY,

Alieged That He Took $50 in Marked Bills
for Influencing the Verdict in a Damage
Suit Against the Third Avenoe Railroad

iis Son Arrested as an Accomplice,
Charles Winters, 54 yeara old, a real estate
dealer of 850 Kast Kiglty-sacond street, Was
irrested on Friday morning on the charge that
he attempted to get money from the

Avenue Rallroad Company on the representa-

tiou that, as a juror in a damage euit in which

 

 

 

the rallroad company was d

stand wae the means of securing @ sAmALor
yertict against the company than would other-
wise buve been found, His son, W.C. Winters,
who is associated with him in the real estate
Lusiness, was also arrested on the charge that
he acted in collusion with his father

Third |

ndant, he held |

SUNDAY, MARCH 4,

   

NN

COL, FRANZ MAYER ARRESTED,

City Marshal Diestel Says He Kesisted a
Levy in a Replevin sult.

Vranz Mayor of 70 Woolsey street, Long
Island City, was arraigned before Magistrate’
Smith yesterday charged with disorderly cou-
duct. Mayer was chosen Colonel of the regl-
ment of volunteers raised by Lafayette Post,
G, A. ., for servioe in the war with Spain, He
has a patent process for lettering sign boards,
About eight months ago he bought a horse,
wagon and harness from A. W. Rabe of 410
Kast Seventy-eixth street, Manhattan, Rabe
says the purchase price wis $185 and that he
has received only $75. He appeared in the
Municipal Court at Long Island City on

| Thursday and had papers in a replevin suit pre-

| rad Diestel and he went to Mayer's place that

Charles Winters was a juror in the case of |

Sparling against the Third Avenue La lroad
Company, a suit for damages for personal in-
juries, which went to trial helore Justice
O'Gorman in the Supreme Court on Feb, 20
It was continued on Feb. 21, but adjourned
over Washington's Birthday. According to the
complaint, W. C, Winters called at the ofMfice of
Capt. William H. Truman, the claim agent of
the railroad company, on Washington's Birth-
day, Capt. ‘Truman was not in and young
Winters saw Jolin H, Beaver, the Treasurer of

the company. He represented to Mr. beaver,
it is alleged, that he had sulcient
influence with two of the Jurors in
the damage suit to induce them to other hold
out fora verdict for the company, or, at least,
bring in a veriict for a sma amouat. Por
using such influences, it is aliewed, he wanted
$50 for each vi the two jurors, and a like
amount for hunself. Mr, Beaver, It ts eald,
told him that he would take the matter under
advisement apd requested him to call again,

Mr. Beaver noutied dustica O'Gorman aud
the Just communicated with — Capt,
MeClusky, who detared Detectives Gargan.
Heslihy and Caryon the case, The detectives
hada conference with Assistant District At-
torney Usborne and, acting on his advice, made
an appointment with the elder Wintera tomeet
him at the eompany’s offleea at dSixty-fith
streetund Third avenue on Friday morning
Whoop Winters called at the olfica he was met
by Dotective Gargan, who represented himself
to be Mr. Beaver, Gargan, it is alleged, paid
Winters five ten-dollar bills, which were
marked,

Whe. Winters left the office he was met on
the outside by Detectives Heriby aad Cary,
who placed him under arrest aud took him to
the past sixty-ffth street station, When he
was searched it is said that the marked bills
were found In his porsessivn. }

Both of the prisoners were arraizaed before
Magistrate Mott in the Centre etraet police
court yesterday morning. No formal coins

laut Was taken and the prisoners were bed
n $5,000 haileach for examination on Wed-
nesday morning, Mr. Witters is reputed to be
worth $120,000, His wife went to court to
quality as bondsman in both cases, but Magis-
trate Mott refused to take her on both bonds,
Khe finally decided to become surety for her
son and her husband was taken to the Tombs,

  
    

 
 

SENATOR COFFEV'S HERESY TRIAL,

The Prosecution Reste-Dire Revelations
Are Threateued,

The trial of Senator Michael J, Coffey
for treason to the Democratic organization
of Brooklyn was wound up las night
so far as the prosecution is conceroed, Two

addinonal lwitnesees were examined but their
testimony related only tothe government of
the General County Committee and had no
on the controversy

! o M. Kapper, counsel for Senator Cof-
fey. asked for an adjournment of two weeks to
vive him time to make a thorough digest of
but the ecommittes would give

fay night.
ny of the auditors

 
 

the minutes,
him on'y uotll next Fr

2 happer made whatim
} aaa fina

 
    

 

 

were ined to regar peat
Banik pofhostiities, He decared that
prosecution had utterly taled to make ¢

casa, Instead of disclosing a political cons
Usenatoe Coffey 's assailants had merely

hued afew random decinradons of host
oneor more of the candidates

mat

   

minds”
of the

 

rthen appealed to the *
mimitteea in the interest
old party” to bring about a
1 " I dignified way out of the dtlemima,
hy finding that the prosecution had failed to
vst shifts case
“Lpr mise
upon, Will be thorough and com-
show that the investigators are
restigated isin the

     

t Wew
epin the miteas thet
mud. Wewillshowthe reasons for the way
the patronage ia distributed We will sh

faons for pot supporting @ particular candi-

  
  
    

 

 

 

 

late. and the publie will be our judge. And we
t tosomething more, An opportunity Wii
be afforded to gentler high inthe party. to
explain what intere any, they have bad
ind would have had in puolic offices which
they have given out, Tf this Investigation is to
goon tothe bitterend it will not close soon
\We have witnesses, not by the hundreds, but

ethousunds, ButI wantthis tomivoiery

 

Senator PH. MeCarren and the other commit.

teemen listened attentively to counsel's re.
marks, but it was ciear that none of them had
the least inelination to second his wishes
atthe next nearing Mr,
forma! metion tor a dism
t is @ foregone conclusiva

denied,

    

of the case, and
that it will be

Officers of the Fine Arts Federation,

Ata meeting of the Fine Arts Federation last
Thursday the following oMeccrs were elec'ed
Directors, Herbert Adams, Frederie Crownin-
shield, Heary Rutgers Marshall, George 0.
Post and J, Q. A. Ward; President, Frederio
Crowninahield, Vice-President, Herbert Adams
and Seeretary, Heary Rutgers Marshall,

  
 

 

150,000 Public School for The Bronx,

Pians were fled with Buildgng Commissioner
Brady yesterday by C. B. J. Snyder, Superine

 

 
 

tendent of School Buildings, for a new four
tory brgk s¢hool building to be ereesed on the
ck at kighthand Ninth streets and Ayenue

  

cost $150,000,

c, Unionport. Itle to
OBLIUARY,

William L. Ward, father of ex Congressman

New York

 

William L. Ward, of the Sixteenth

disurict, died at his home in Port Chester, on Friday
evening, in his seventy-minth yeat lie was
born in Indiana. He went to Port Chester in
1s45 and engaged in the manufacture of wood

screws, being one of the pioneers in that line of
in a few ye tbhahed a plant

 

DUSINESS:

    
  

     
   

     

  

 

   

   
  

 
 

for the manufacture of bolts and nubs
time of his death be was iresident of the firms
of Russell, Birdsall & Ward and the Mort Chester
Bolt and Nut Works, employing in the aggregaie
about a thousand men He was a tor in
th ‘rst National bank of Port Che and @
char member of the American Society jechan
ical Engineers \ widow and two ehildren sur-
vive him
Vhomos Mayer died on Thursday at the Brook
len Hlome for Amed M 745 Classon avenue,
in bis ninety -Ofth year lie was born in Stat-
fordshire, beng and descended froma Norman
family whict ed there in the fourteenth cen
tury In early bile he was the riding master
in a crack regiment of iaght Dragoons. On
“t r from the army he spent several years in
i finally came te this country to live
with a nephew ino Brooklyn He had been an
inmate of the ¢ son street hone for five years,
Mis wi fore he left England and two
nephew niv surviving relatives

aed 70 vears, one of the
sand politicians in Somer
dead while reading a news.
Miltdlebush at 8

   

 

 

 

   

  

 

rwthe |

Ai the |

 

| Di

pner will make a |

| typhoid fever at bort

| ofve,

paner store at cthel
o'ecl este morning County Physician
Wagener ar H. Coo; sett that Mr
Voorhees died of heart disease Mr. Voorhees
was formerly the proprietor of an academy at
Middl st He was at one time thlate
{ Cong sand “il twee fe ve State
At th ’ hi h held an
iit cleriship in the Staie Assembly
John ten on died in New Orleans on Friday,
aren 77 Hie was a native of Kildare, Lreland,
it came to New York when 24 and tinally drifted
l to New Orleans He was employed in the Mint
ands Treasury at New Orleans before the Civil
We in! in the ¢ erate Treasurys ter the |
wa With peace he weutinte the surar busines
yuying severdt plantadon Ne I

4

   

Sa Meniber of the was President of

 

  
  

 
 
 

you.” he aatd, “that the defence, | ne

pared, They were given to City Marshal Con-

night tolevy upon the turnout, Ho found the
horse and wagon outside Mayer's house and
Mayer standing near by. The Marshal says he
served the papers and then levied upon the
horse and wagon, which were identified by
Nabe, who accompanied him for that purpose.
Mayer, tt ia charged, would not allow the Mar-
shal to take the property, so Diestel called
upon a policeman to arrest Mayer. Valentine
Jios lL, employed by Mayer, Was arrested on the |
game enarge. Habe drove the horse and wagon |
to his stableaand Mayer and Bosel were taken |
to the Astoria police station, Where they were
batied out by Ernest Krombhelz inthe sum of
$00 each, Mayer says that he has paid $175
onthe horas and wagon and that he did not
koow thatareplevin suit had been staried, as
Diestel dit oot eerve the papers until after he
atte pipted to make the seizure

ee ert nen enne

4 SOLDIER KILLS 4 COMRADE, |
'
|
|

Private Lawson of the Forty-Sixth Regt-
ment Murdered in the Philippines.

Jamesrown, N. Y., March 3.—The details of
the murder of Lerman Lawson, a private in the
Forty-sixth Kegiment serving in the Philip»
pines, by Joha Connor, a comrade, wus
reveived to-day in a jetter to Lawson's mothers
written by Walter Groenberg, a tentinate and
witness of the deed, The letter says that the
quarrel was started by Lawson's refusal to
give Connor some smoking tobaceo, and Con-
nor Was so incensed that he left the tent threat-
@ving to get even, A few days afterward
Connor again eame joto Lawson's tent, and,
applying avile epithet, accised him of steal-
ing his trousers, Lawson was lying down at
the cime and told Connor that belied, At this
Connor jumpedton his breast and kicked him
in the face until he became insensible. The
matter was kept from the officers and the
trouble between the two men was thought to
be ended, but on Jan. 20, at bal! past Yin the |
morning, Connor again entered the tent, and, |
pointing his gun, sald to Groenbere and Colby,
the other inmates of the tent; “Get out of here

rl wilishoot you all,’ He then took delib-
erate vim at Lawson and fired, the ball passing
entirely through his head

The mother of the murdered boy resides on
Palmer street, this city, and has two sons in
the Philippines, who enlisted without her
knowledge last October. They were her only
support, and woen they left she wae compelled
to goto Work in the worsted mills, ‘The mur-
dered soldier Was 21 years of age.

GENERAL CONFERENCE IN MAF,

 

Changes Expected to Be Made at the Quad
rennial Meeting of the Methodists,

The general conference of tho Methodist
Chureh, which meets once in four years, will
convene this gear in Chieago In May, Among
niatters to be considered will be the election of
anumberof Bishops, No one knows exactly
how many wil be chosen, the number may be
anywhere from five to eight. Some of these |
will be missionary Bishops. From this vicinity
the following have been named as probable
cundidates: The Rev, Dr, A. J. Palmer andthe
lev. Dr. A. B, Leonard, secretaries of the Mis-
sionary Soclete: the Rev, Dr. W. V. Kelley,
editor of the Methodist Review, and the Rey. Dr.
jienry W. Speliimyer of Roseville Church, New-
ark
A numberof men, prominent in local Meth-
Odism, are togo tothe General Conlerence tor
re lection, These include the Rev. Dr. J. mM
Buckley, the Kev. Dr Kelley, composing the

ublisaing frm, known as book agents, of
haton & Mains, and allof the Missionary Soet-
sTles
changes ip pastorates will be few this
One Brooklyn presiding elder, the Rey,
Dr. Georze Van Alstyne, will retire, aud the
Rey, DJ. W. Jolinston of Meriden may take
his place, The Key. De. 8. L Beller goes from
Nopwaik to Bullaco, but all the other changes
are unlinportant

ARRIVED ON THE

  
 
  

 

 

LUCANIA,
m. N. Baker Contirms Reported Leyland-
Atiantie Transport Amalgamation,

Aboard the Cunarder Lucania, which arrived

last night from Liverpool and Queenstown and |
anchored in Quarantine, are Sir Weetman |
‘kingon Pearson, M. P., John BE. Milboliand,
Harold Forwood wud. Presideot Bernard 4,
Baker of the atinntic Transport line,
r Baker, when spoken to about the report
the Leyland Line had absorbed the Atian-
Transport Line, sald an amaigamation had
) made whereby he would still be the man-
aging director in this country, while on the
reside the business would be controlled by
srs, F. Leyland & Co, Later turther de-
{s will be made known,

WOUD SUES FOR DIVORCE,
Her Husband Disappeared, Entisted in the
Army and Is Now tn the Philippines,

Haverstraw. Narch 3,—James A. Wood
mysteriously disappeared from his boarding-
house in Yonkers sometime ago and his wife
found him with another wife in Newark, No J, |
He again disappeared and when next heard |
from bad eniisted in the Army and waa ill with
Leavenworth, Kan, He |
win the Phiippines lis
ree, the summons being

  
 

 

 

   
  

 

MRS,

recovered and ist
wife je suing for ds
served by publication,

Kills Signed by the Governor,

Atpaxy, March U.~Gov, Koosevelt has

signed the following bila:

Assembly M, E. Lewis's, providing
porsuu ty frolu acaudilate fora ’
otber property a4 a consideration
for & Newspaper or other pubucation supporing
any caisidate dor au elective office is gulity of a
misdemeanor

Asser tullyman Sawvers’s,
of notartes public which have
tuistukes,

senator Wilcov's, nak
a State prison the eustod
ison
} Assemblyman West's, giving to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court the power to make
changes in the gesigvations of the tue and place
of hol special aud trial ternia of the supreme
Court in ther respe tive departuenta after such
desiguutious have becn announced,

  

 
 
 
 

coufirming official acta
contained technical |

gthe agent and warden of
nh Of tue muoneys of that

 
 

    

 

 

     

 

 

We Zarry in Stock

a generous assortment of fine
dress cloths, fabrics that exclu-
sive shops charge from $30 fo!
$100 for; they come to us pursue |
ant to the general principle that
bas provided us with special
fabrics beiore, That the best
Goods seck the best store and ike
easiest outlet, We charge from
$50 to $60 for these qualities,

Burnham s Phillips

Cusiom Caitoring Only,
Cemple Court Annex, 19 Nassaw $e. |

 

1909.
NEW GET-RICH-QUICK GAME

“AMRITA” CURKS YOUR ILLS AND
LENDS YOU MONEY,

 

You Must Get Well and Say So and Pay $5
Before the ‘Free Money’? Begine—Then
You May Borrow 6100 and Learn How
to Make It Karn 18 Per Cent,—How ’

Post Office Inspector Snow has been investi-
gating aconcern at 212 and 214 Washington
street, Jersey City, atyling itaclf the “Now
Jersoy State Laboratory,” which promiaes
large returns for sinall investments, It sells a
medicine caved “Amrita,” which Is described
as a life restorer. lt coats $5. The manager
is Guy Weber, who has floated many similar
schemes, According to the prospectus any
person purchasing Amrita may get $100 in
cash with instructions how to invest It ata
profitof 18 per cent. A member is pledged
not to disclose the scheme to any other person,
Weber explains the game in a circular which
reads in part as follows:

“An Open Road to Certain Financial Pros-
perity—The Free Money Help offered by us
will be advanced in amounts of one hundred
dollars, and is to be made good to us in tweaoty
monthly installments of $5 each payment. No
note, mortgage or indorsement will bo re-
quired, and po interest will be charaed—the
Money Help will be absolutely free, The Pree
Money Help thus offered is for the purpose of
giving to our patrons the benefits of extraor-
dinary profits to be gained by the intelligent
use of capital.

“Thore Is no risk or peril involved to what-
ever property you may have saved; no mort-
gage is required ; no note; no friend's Indorse-
ment; noanything, except that you must be
honestly able to say that Amrita has proven it-
self to be worth its price to you, Not only will
we advance the Money Help for you, but wo

will guarantee that it will earn and bring you
in every monu at least the rate of the protlt

| stated. Buch a wile open, unequivocal bull’s-

ey# guarantee means something. Think of it!

“Can I secure more than $1007 is a question
that ts frequentiy asked, Notatfirat, After
you have beoome familiar with the way the
Money Help is to be used toinsure the rate of
profit guaranteed, you can then increase the
amount to $25) or $500 by paving uaa moder:
ute interest on the second advance, — No. inter-
eat or other charge is made for the first $100,

“When will Money Help be alvanced? is
another frequent question, the answer to which
in every case is, Whenever you Want {t after
you have used and are satisfied with Amrita,
The trat thing to do is to return your applica-
tion tor Amrita, which may bo obtained by
filing out the accompanying order form,
Then, after you know whether {ft is worth its
Price in your case, youcan pay for it at vour
own convenience or pleasure, at which time
you Can secure the first $100 Free Money Help
Advance if you need it and want it.”

Weber sald yesterday afternoon that he had
received a number of acknowledgments from
persons who had received the money and a stil
greater number of testimonials as to the eff.
cacy of Amrita. He declined toexplainin what
manner the money was invested io order to
realize a profit of 18 per cent. for the members,
The acknowledgments were from persons in
remote parts of Pennsylvania, Inspector Snow
says he has not yet discovered that Weber ta
Violating amy law.

 

STILL BLOCKED BY SNOW.

A Central-Huds p Train Derailed at Phelps
Junction Near Geneva, N.Y,

Geneva, N. Y., March 3—The westbound
Central-Hudson passenger train, due to leave |
here at 2:25 o'clock in the afternoon, was des |
railed at Phelps Junction, eight miles west of |
here, by the snow this afternoon, The road is |
blocked, Wrecking trains have been ordered
ta the scene, but trafic will probably be delayed
all night because of the deep snow, The sun
shone here a! day to-day, Few farmers cate
into the city exeept on foot or horse-
back, The city street car line is still tied up,
Cars are not yet running on the tro ley lines
between Geneva, Waterloo and Seneca Falls,

 

 

Yale and Harvard to Debate on
Rico.

New Havey, Conn,, March 4.—Plana for the
Yale-Harvard debate in this cityon March Sv
are being completed, The two universities
have just selected the jndges as follows: T. B,
Reed, Prof, Henry Van Dyke of Princeton, and |
Prof. Gr, W. Vepper of the Cbiversity of Penn.
svyivania, Harvard hay chosen the affirmative |
on the question, ' Resolved, That Puerto Kico
shoud = be included within the customs

|
|
'
|
|
|
Puerto |

} boundaries of (he United States,”

Mr. Leeds Asks to Have ‘'Sapho’’ Stopped, |

Wiumrnotoy, Dol, Mareh 3.—Josiah W. Leeds |
of the Sovial Purity Society of Philadelphia and
George W. Todd of this city called upon Chief
Dolan to-day to have the play “Sapho" pro-
hibited from being presentod at the Academy |
of Musie on Monday night. Mr, Leeds also
ealled apon Manager Baylis ofthe Opera House
in reference to the production of “Fifi” tos |
night. Chief Dolan said he waa not ready to
express an opigion a8 bo his course regarding
the plays,

 

 

 

Brown University’s Debating Team,

Provipence. KR. 1, March 3.—The Brown
University Debating Union this afternoon
selected its team forthe third annual Brown-
Dartmouth debate. It is composed of Clifford
§. Anderson, 100, Providence, a member of

last year’s team; Harvey N. Davis, 1101, Provi-
dence; Heury J. Hall, 1:00, Providence, and
Eaward F. Greene, 101, Newrou Center, Mass. |
The Judges were Prof, Henry B. Gardner,
Prof, Nuammond Lamont and Walter F, Angell
|

 

of Providence,

Englind Buying Horses in Texas,

Austin, Tex, March 3.—Representatives of
the British Government yesterday purchased
one hundred head of horsea at Burnet, Tex,
They will visit Austin, San Antonio and other
Places in this part of the State to buy more
horses, Twothousand will be purchased in
Texus, if that nany cap be obtained at reason.
thie prices, The prices: paid for those pure
ehased at Burnet ranged trom $o0 to $70. per
The shipped to New

head animals ure

Urieahs,

Judge Phillips of Ulinois Critically IL

Spnincfie.p, I, March 3.-Word was |
received here iast night from Hilisboro that |
Judge Jesse J. Phillips, Justice of the Supreme
Court of Plinois, is critically fll and his |
physicians express ho hope of bis recovery. |
Judge Philips returned to Hillsboro from
Springfield at the close of the February term of
court and for ten: ays has been confined to his
hed, suffering from pueumonia and heart
troub.e.

 

Mrs. Roosevelt to Visit Cuba,

Atpany, March 5.—Mrs, Theodore Roosevelt
with her sister, Miss Carew, who has beeu at
the Exeeutive Mansion all winter, will leave
for Cuba next week, where they will be the
guesta of Mrs. Gen. Wood. They will go by
rail to Tampa, leaving there for Havanaon the
Tampa and Havana steamer, Mrs. hoovevelt
expects to remain in Cuba until after Laster,

Gravesend’s Old Cemetery Not to Be Closed

The report that the Board of Health had de-
cided to prevent any more burials in the old
village cemetery in the Gravesend district of
Brooklyn was denied by Sanitary Superiatend-
ent Dr. Robert A. Diack yesterday, The cem-
etery has been used for over seventy years,

 

 

The Weather,

An area of high pressure was central yesterday |
over the Mississippi states, There was also asecond
similar area coming dewn over the Northwest, Pair
weather prevailed in all sections except western
Montana, where show was falling, and io Idaho,
Washington, Oregon and California, where it was
raining. A storm was coming 0 frow the North
Pacific over Oregon, Tt was slightly warmer in all
districts except the New England States, Montana
and Wyoming. Frost occurred in South Caroiina

and northern Florida.
In this vity the day was fair and slightly warmer,

      

Aa a mera t > ie} eislature eT wind, vorthwest; average velocity, twenty miles an
the wrnia tr rance Co nv ¢ ( > (
Dock | a lantonere Gt Re Eaten ne of the ST | an hour. average humidity, 64 percent; barometer

John Po Collard died Thurse ay at his home corrected to read at sea level: At 3 A. M., 20.08; 8
in 13 ugh Park in | len in his eig ity sev 4 P. M., 30.00, 5

1 Sen AE ri" om | GOMPpPLEAENStVE —_ | _!emveraucem soconded wy te ofl tae
in the State of New York, having Joined the Bighth | moweier, and also by Tue Son's thermometer at
Regiment or Washingt n Gyr y TT ti a Ho | ’ | the street level, is shown fo the auuexed table |
vas 0 wer eran Nssochation of the |
rwelfth Regiment He had been a vestrer } Fu nitu —U ficial Sun's, —Othial~ — Sun's,
the Church of the Holy \poatl sin haa) aitan } r Nn 100, Ika, 1YO0 HoH, Lae

op fity-two conseciitive years 1 Manhattan | 4 94, Muu oe OP M.40e 4) i }
wae * aanier Hatten. a ' We gather the best Old Furniture from | 12a. jue SR ee ee OY

Tc amiuey OB tas Tee at tie. bernie whoever has it—and make the best New| 2? 4b 98° wie ww
half a eentury on the ow of Gen utnam’'s ee ne wee ' |
Hill, died at Greeti Conn, om Briday aneht, Furniture for whoever wants it. | WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR FO“DSE SED TOMORROW, |
alter a} he Daneen, Atte 10 yearn hushand | Ideal results are obtained when we! For New éngland and eastern New York, fair to. |
rer ta rwas Dy DM sreens ane finish the whole house—the Decorations, | day, Monday, cloudy, probably sow or rain: fresh to |
physiaan half a ent y the Furniture, the Upholstery. Designs | brisk north to east winds, |

John J. Drake, whe had heen engaged in the and estimates on request. | For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey, the District |
real estate business it” Krooklyn for fifty years, j | of Coluinbia, Deiaware, Maryland and Virginie, fair
died on Friday at his home, @t Monroe street, in j t-duy; Monday, cloudy, probably rain; fresh no
that horouch, 19 bis Seventy fourth vear mi TrO ers t d id

a } ( € east Wiuds,

William Hroohy, of 166 Columbia street, Brook , F

> fent ¢ waar eek or western Pennsyivania and western New Yor!

17 eee St Pow + bunt ete Two Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave. Two fair to-day; Monday, snow or rain; winds ln
ye . a Spita y. . ’
second year. | Stores. 40 East 23d St. Stores | brisk uficn northerly Monday,

en aT . 7 or aoe - er WRITS ot . - = " Tp arene

i i ceaitthantiniimaannnitlanipiliin tet + ee eee

| Government of 215,00) pounds of bacon in

| ginning. to end, for this

} canpaign is likely to be interesting asthe two

 
 

SE

LOOK AT YOUR FACE, 7’

WOMAN OR MAN,
Then Read My Greatest Offer.

YOU CERTAINLY SHOULD ACCEPT this offer
while you can, if you are troubled with annoying, humiliating
and frequently disgusting Pimples, Blackheads, Freckles, Tats
Discolorations, Yellow, Ba ot Muddy Skin, Wrinkles, Red-
ness, Eruptions, Dark Circles Under the Eyes or other Skla
Blemishes.

IT IS BUT TOO TRUE that all such factal disfigure
ments, IMPOSSIBLE TO CONCEAL, are special draws
tacks to social, business and matrimonial success,

NOW, TO ALL SUN READERS OF BOTH SEXES
WE GUARANTEE a beautiful, smooth, clear, rosy and ree
fined complexion [and bripht eyes! through the use of xa
bell’s Safe Arsenic Complexion Wafers and Fould’s Arsen
Medicated Soap. Our enormous and daily increasing sales
prove that our guarantee is real. [These two “wonder
workers” do all we claim—and more.]

READ WHAT THEY HAVE DONE FOR OTHERS,

They can do the same for you, THESE LETTERS ARE SELECTED FROM ONE DAY'S MAIL,

“Dr. Campbell's Wafers have made my complex.) “I have used your Complexion Wafers, and my
jon a marvel of clearness. Tan delighted with | feendsall voticed the wreat improvement in my
them. and my frends now say ‘Whata lovely skin | complexion, My freckles all disappeared ”’
pox lave’ Thave really been made beautiful, and Autigo, Wis MISS A. WALKER,
thank the good Lord for giving jae the serpet.””

ai ; ; FOUN “Lrecomm nd your Wafers, for by their use the
Tudianapolis, Ind, MIs JOHN CONRAD. Diackheads, pimples and larze bum s whic

riaking Dr. Campbell's Wafers IT can truth: | qvarred miy complexion have entirely disappeared.’

 

 

 
 

fully say they will do ail you claim, The pimples | Poplar Grove, Ark, Z. M. HANSOR.

and freckles have all left my face, tt nv com: fy, raf,

plexton ia now perfect,” NE WILLIAMS. | “Before using your Waters my complexion was 08
j

Kelthsburg, ft a pale, sallow nature; any thing but ad airable.”’
“Never in my | fe have T found anything eyual to | New Castlo, Pa MISS ME, JONES

your Wafers, T ce worth their weahtingold, | “I flad thom even detterthan recommended. The
Ob, ! am sod ted with my compiexion!”’ resol’ ia tainly magical,”’ MAUDF FORREST,
Whiteside, Temu, HALIIE B. BROWN, | Grinnell, lowe

FOR FIVE DOLLARS

We will send you a full six moaths’ daily treatment of the Wafers, including also Two Cakes
of Fould’s Medicated Arsentc Soap, This uipuruileled liberal offer expires April $5th. You
should therefore not delay in taking advantage of it. This ad, must be sent with your ordet.
Address or call H. B, FOULD, Room 83, 214 6th Av., N, Y.

THESE COODS ARE ALSO SOLD BY DRUCCISTS,

WHY SHOULD WE USE BLENDED
SCOTCH WHISKIES?

You can buy our

Bonnie Brier Bush

(VERY OLD) or our

    

   
 

 

  
    
        

=

a
SCOTCH WHISKEY. (MEDIUM AGE)

and we assure you that {s the best produced in the
Glenlivet district. Wecan furnish it in bend or in store,
at as low a price as charged for blended whiskies—which

are interior to ours,
H. B. KIRK & CO. N.Y,
WONT WORK FOR NO LICENSE,

Established
1863,

 

DIDN'T CHEAT THE GUVERNMENT, |

Episcopalian Clergyman in Lexington, Masties
| Kefuses to Join in the Usual Rally.

Posto, March 3.—A bombshell has beea
thrown into the ranks of the Lexington clergy-
men interested In the no-license movement in
that town by the attitude of the Rev,
James B. Werner, rector of the Episcopal
Church, It has been customary to bold a no-
lieense rally on the Sunday evening preceding
the annual March town meeting, but the Epia-
vannah foralong time and has friends here, | copa! clergyman has declined to take part in
He has written toa friend in Savannah relative | to-morrow evening's meeting, He says: | Four

: ’ years oouservation of the matter compels the

to the charge of Detective Holland and says: eonciusion in my mind that no license isa

In all iny experience aga man L have never reaere in thie community, i ain Convinsed

known sue licion tance of | } that (he question to-day is simply one of selling

nown such @ malicious eee bedi wh 4IDY. | intoxicating Hquoers in this village legally or

There isnotone word of truth in it from hes | sellin them anyway. I believe that the young

reuson: The bacon | Menofthia community need a lawfully con-

which Holland talks abovt and connects my ; ducted saloon right here in our midst, pot to
baume With was sold by Col. Wood and econ. | 60 into but to stay out of.”

demned by Col. Guild about a month before IT |
became commissary at Jacksonville, C, B |

Kogers & Co, never, at any time, bought of me

$0 Declares Major Ruthers in Answer to a
Detective’s Charges.
Savannaw, Ga, March S—Major G. W
Nuthers of the Commissary Department, !
U.S. A. recently charged with defrauding the

collusion with Senator Talioferro of Florida and
the C. B, Rogers Company of Jacksonville, Fla. |
has made emphatie denial of the charges, |

Major huthers was depot quartermaster at Sa-

 

 

POISONED BY A ROOT,

 

 
 

a pound of baeon or anything else. I ever | r :

had a conversation tn my lite with Senator | John Kapp Finds What He Thinks Is an
Talieferro on any business subject. Holland Artichoke and Fate lt With Fatal Effect,
tol! me practically the same voek-and-bull |

Port Cuksier, N, Y., March 3.—While re-
turning from skating to-day John Kapp, the
fourteen-year-old son of Mrs. Katherine Kapp,
a widow, discovered what he thought was an
artichoke growing in the woods, Hedug itup
and divided itamong his playmates, but they
refused to eat it when they discovered that it
tasted bitter,

Kapp then swallowed some of the root and
was seized soon afterward with pains and con-
vulsions, He was carried home, where he died
4) great agony in three hours. Dr. Thomas
NCAR C. Elmendorf secured a piece of the poison
LOUISIANA CAMPAIGN BEGINS, root, Which resembles a carrot, He has beea
unable to find any one who knows what It is.

gtory while Lwasin Jackonsville and I prob- |
ably fotimat-dtohim that he was a fool. He |
told me the story in order to get employment,
He had been emploved to traca some stolen
nivies, but was then outofa job. Tle was not
a detective at ail, but looked like a bum about
town.

“T presume the War Department was not
fast enough for Mr, Holland, so he gave out his
yarn 1 do not know the object of Mr Hol.
an's conduct, Whether it is a campaign li
against Senator Talieterro or an effort to injure
me, I don't know,”

  

The Democratic United States Senators on
Opposite Sides in the Fight. | The Casein Company.

Trenton, N. J., Mareh 8,—The Casein Come
pany of America filed articles of incorporation
to-day. The apita! stock is $8,000,000, The
States Senators have taken opposite , Company will manufacture condensed, steril-
Senator Caffery was the principal | ized and evaporated milk aud the by-products

; : |
The Louisiana
opened toeday, ‘She

New Orneans, La,, Mareh 3,
State political campaign

United
sides {n it.

tor at the meet in is city at whic olmik, [tis especially formed to utilize @
orator ut he mee ing 0 this city at which the | poronted process for the manufacture of these
fusionists opened thefy fight in support of the | by-products into an article similar to celluloid,

Independent ticket at the head of Mauriee Barnett, Charies Ho Luseomb, Robert

 

Which is his

son, Don Cattery, Jr. eandidate for Gove | 5. Seottand Vierra Jay Wurta of New York,
ernor, This Gieket has the endorsement and | are some of the incorporators
suppor of the Independent Democrats, Kee | _— ——

publieans and Populists

Senator MeEnery, on the other hand, was the
chiet orator of the day at the ratification meet. |
ing held at Donaldeonviile, with which the |
Democrats opened the reampaten. ‘The polities —

To Be Dr, Purves's Successor,

Patnceron, N. J. Mareh &.--The Rev. Maite
land,V. Bartlett of Princeton bas been called te

 

cal situation is greatly eomplieated by the fuer . Ue pulpit the First Presbyterian Chureh
that the Reoublicans are geverally supporting | hereto sueceedt yD, George T. Purves,
| MePnery tor recleetion to the Unitet States | who haa aeespt istorate of the bifth
Senate because of his position in favor of | Avenue Presbyts irch in New York. Mr

 

protection, Bartiett has been assistant pastorof the ehurck
uoder Dr Purses since last September, He
was graduated from Princeton University fia
18} and trom the Theological Seminary here

four years later

ok |

lk. H. Day, Killed in Chicago, a Brown |

Graduate, |

Provipeyce, R, 1, March 6.—Robert H. Day,

the young man killed on the railroad tracks at |
Chicago, on Thursday night, was a son of
James H. Day, a life insurances agent of this

Ferryboat and Schooner Collide,

after the ferryboat Columbia had left
the Willamsburg slip at the foot of Broadway

Soon

    

   

city, He was 27 years ol! and w P ter
from Brown’ University u { rs eee : yesterday for the Grand atreet slip in Manhate
Andrews, who considered him ao brilliant tan she was run into by @ schooner bound u
Kiudentand tor whom he had a strong liking Last River. ‘The schooner’s bowsprit carrie
After graduating he was prine!pal of a puvi away a small part ofthe Columbia's rail, but no
echool at Little Compton, . Land later was a) Ot) rdamage was done. There was no excites
teacher at the Providence High School ile  Nentamong the passengers, the co lision bein
leit here one Week ago to visit a friend in Iowa, , OVPE re any of them learned what had
pee ae om | happened
Yale-Prineceton | Ye it the Chase uel
A : Annual Debate, Launch of the Chesapeake.
RINCETON, N. J,, March 3 ane ,
» March H. L, Jones, , Wiimivatox, Del, Mareh 3.-The new

100, chairman of tl terco'legi ¢
1 of the Interco legiata Debat- steam bout Cheasapeake, built by the Harlan &

 

 

 

ing Committee, announced to-night !

annual dahade Gane anes d to-night that the poliingsworth Company for the New York and

ST debate between Princeton and Yale Baltimore Transportation Company, was
| ere on V2. Yelewillnamethe launched this atternoon, Misa Alivia Brongle

question and Prin cet:

iwill
sides,

have thechoweof  Striver, daughter of Clarence Shriver, Presle

) dent ofthe company, was sponsor.

INIDIINIAN
NEMA

nee henetit of ae yet familiar with the merits

iS claar, we respectfully call attentir i cepti
ay fs udily ae call attention to its exception-
lhe large import duties on tobacco enable us to give better
value than any imported brand selling at the same prices
La Fernindina 's the best clear Havana Cigar sold, sd
Ditterent sizes, §0*15*20°25c. :

We invite your patronage,

MICHAELIS & LINDEMAN, 459 Broadway, N. Y.

BERNARD STAHL & CO., Makers.

 

 

 

=F