THE PLAGUE IN MANILA,

SIXTREN CASES AND ELEVEN DEATHS
YROM DEC, 97 TO JAN, 28.

The Disease Confined Almost Entirely to
the Chinese Three Cases of Leprosy
Discovered on Jan, 26-The Health of
the Soldiers Ie Gradually *~ proving.
Wasutnotow, Maroh 3.—-The War Depart-
ment has just recoived from Manila several
mailed reports on the outbreak of the bubonic
plague tn the Philippines. ‘These reporta show
that the dreaded disease has been confined al-
most entirely to Chinese, From Deo, 27 to

Jan. 20, @ period of three weeks, there were |

fourteen genuine cases of plague, with eleven
deatha, Ou Jan, 24 two more cases were re-
ported by the sanitary inspectors of the Health
Depariment. Both wero Chinamen, The re-
porta abow that the disease has not spread be-

yond Manila, and Gen. Otis has established a |

epectal aanitary department for the purpose of
combating lcprosy as wellasthe plague. The
fan Lazaro Hospital is being used as a pest-

house.

Great assistance s being rendered by thirty-
two Chinese citizens, under the direction of
the Chinese consul, Iuapectors of the sanitary
department make regular rounds through the
Obinese quarters, each inspector being accom-
panied by one of these Chinese. A prominent
Ohinaman named Don Carlos Palanca haa as-
@umed the personal direction of the work of
the Chinese volunteers, al! of whom are fluent
Bpanish speakers and are familiar with the
Tagalo tongus. Major Brown of the medical
department is making every effort to stamp
out the disease, Every house where infectious
diseases of any kind are reported is thoroughly
disinfected and the residents vaccinated.

Major Eddy, who isin charge of the Health
Department, has urged upon Gen. Otis the
great need of a well-established municipal
Jaboratory. In Spanish days there were four
laboratories for analytical purposes in Manila,
@ municipal laboratory, a medico-legal, a mill-
tary laboratory and the vacelne station. The
vaccine station has been continued anda mill-
tary laboratory established in conjunction with
the Firat Reserve Hospital. When the Amert-
caps entered Manila the curator of the medico-
legal jaboratory turned over the property to the
Spanish commission, Major Eddie is now ens
deavoring to have it placed under American
authority, as it is claimed that it is publie
property and was bought with othor public im-

rovementa ty the payment made to the

panish Government un ler the treaty.

The work of the inspection branch of the
Flealth Department under Major Brown has
been «o effective that on Jan, 2 but five cases
of plague were in the peat hospital. Three cases
of leprosy were discovered on that day, two
belog Vagalogs and oneaChinaman. The re-
ports say that cases of Jeprosy are being dis-
covered nearly avery day, and it {8 surprising
how muoh of {t has existed. So far there nave
been no cases reported among the American
troopa orcivilians, It was reported Ip Manilla
that there was one suspected case on board the

ruiser New Orleans, but the ofMflcials at Gen,

tis’s headquarters had no contirmation of the
report,

‘able advices received at the War Depart-
ment from Gen, Otis show that the health of
he soldiers is gradually improving, Thenum-

rofaick tn the hospitals of Manilaand Cor-
regidor Island has been reduce! nearly ona
thousand within five weeks. On Jan. 14 Gen
Otis reported 2.435 sick in the hospltala, A
later report reduced thia to 2.387.
the number of sick was 205land on Feb. 2
oe, Otie cabled that the sick numbered
1,531, being a reduction of V04 since Jan, 10,

Military hospitals have now heen established
at Cavité, Corregidor Isiand, San Fabian
Dagupan and [loilo, Gen. Otis is so well
pleased with the peaceable conditions prevali-
ing at these places that he has permitted
treined female nurses to work {n each of these
hospitals, It has also been decided to place
two trained nurses on each of the Army trans.
ports to assist in the care of convaloscent
soldiers returning to the United States.

MAY RETALIATE AGAINST GERMANY,

Negotiations Looking to a Reciprocity
Treaty Have Been Suspended.

Wasuinaton, March 3.—There appears to be
po doubt thatthe United States Government
will adopt retaliatory measures agains! (er-
many ifthe billa now before the Reichetag im-
posing severe restrictious on the importation
of American meat products into that couutry,
and excluding some of them altogether, are
enacted into laws.

Negotiations with Germany looking to a reci-
procity arrangement under the terms of the
Dingley tariff act have been suspended. The
suspicion that the State Department declined
to continue the negotiations until the German

Ariiament had acta on the meat inspection

ilies ia said by the Department to be erroneous
Vhe Department's exp anation is that all gov-
eroments wishing to make reciprocity arrange-
ments with the United tates recognize that
the French treaty now before the Senate ja to
be the test ofthe attitude of that body, and it
would be uselesa forthe United States to ne-
gotiate arran
the Senate takes final action on that treaty,

DEATH OF CONGRESSMAN EPES,

Both Hoases Appoint Committees to Attend |

the Funeral and Then Adjourn.
WasuHInoton, March 3.—The denth of the

Hon. Sidney P. Epes of the Fourth Virginia |

district, at 12:10 this morning, the result of a

surgical operation at Garfleld Hospital, was |

announced in the House to-day by his col-
league, Mr, Hay.
adopted and the following members named
asthe committee onthe part of the House to

attend the funeral at Blackstone, Va., andtoact |

with the committee appointed by the Senate:

Mesers }
Young. Khea and Quarles of Virginia, Rhea of
Kentucky, MeCall of Massachusetts, Baller of
Texas, De Armondof Missouri, ./enkina of Wis-
consin, Willlains of Missiasipn, Joy of Mia-
souri, Clayton of Alabama and Henry of Texae

aa further mark of respect the House ad-
journed until) Monday

Similar action was taken In the Senate, whare
acommittes of five Senators was appointed to
join a committee of the House to take order to
uperintend the funeral.
Siertin of Virginia, Harris of Kansnaa, Seott
of West Virginia and Perkins o! California
Were appointed such com mittee.

 

ECONOMY IN) PUERTO RICO,

The President Directs the Abolition of Use-
leas Offices.

Wasninotoyn, March 3,—President MeKinley
has determined to rotuce as much as possible
the expenses of administration in the island
of Puerto Rico. Just before going to New
York he directed that the offices of assistant
auditor of customs and assistunt auditor of
posts he abolished. Gen. Dav s is said to have

recommended this change, representing
Auditor Garrison, who is a ‘Treasury Depart-
ment employee, could perform the duties stone

and provide a saving of nearly $4.000 annually

 

to the isiand. The salary of auditor of cus.
toms |s $2,000, and auditor of posts $1,800
War Department officials are very mueh
interested in the passawe of the Foraker Puerto
Kican DIR. Itis said unoffle ally that shoul
the bill pass, the military controlin the isinnd
will cease within sixty days and immediate
stepa wi! be taken fo inaugurate a vil
administration Already orders have been

fasuied for the withdrawal of part of the troons,
and with the paasage of the bill there will
follow a still jurther reduction of the millitary
force

UNREST IN CENTRAL AWERICA,

Trouble Brewing Over the Nicaraugua

Canal Scheme,

Wasmuinoron, March %—The Government
continues} to receive unofficial information
that Central America, with the possible excep.
tion of Balvador, isin @ state of unrest. The
Nicaraugua Cana) scheme is involved in the

pilots which are saidto be hatching. Nicarau- |

ua, {tis charged. is unwiting that Coaty
ea should obtain any teneflts from. the
Coustruetion of the canal ards there ig
danger of the other Central American

sides, Salvudor is hold.

gountries taking
ng aloof, but it is said that efforts to draw her
into This
yitie repablic has given less trouble to the
‘nited States than apy of her sister republics,
and her Governmen: bas won the greatest re-
spect from the United States,

the controversy are being mart

 

The “Danbury Kid" Arrested for Asaanit,

Gresswicn, Conn, March 4,—Late this
aftarnoon Deputy Sheriff Fitzroy lodged in the
Greenwich lockup William O'Shea, alias “Dan-
bury Kid." a youthof li years and a profes-
fiona! pickpocket, and Thomas Foley, aged 17
Chey are charged with baving assau ted Mail
Carrier K.P. Abrams at the Greenwich station
on Tuessay afternoon
ub a mail pouch 5
atthe time, but the “Danbury Kid” and Foley
ercapead. Last night both men were caught in
New Haven ina lodging house. The Kid has
been identified by the mall carrier,

On Feb, 19 |

ements with ocher nations until |

The usual resolutions were |

Jones, Swanson, Otey, Lamb, Rixey, |

Senatore Daniel and |

that |

I while he was hanging |
Bight trumps were arrested |

PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE,

The Quay Case and the Conference Report
on the Financial Bill Discussed.

Wasninoton, March 3.—In the Renato to-day
4 resolution cffered by Mr. Pettigrew of Bouth
Dakota was agreed to calling on the Seore-
tary of War for the record of ithe court-martial
iu the ense of Lieut.-Col. H, C. Corbin, held at
Chattanooga in 1864-85, together with all evi-
dence submitted and the report of Col. Thomas
J, Morgan in regard to the connection of
Lie ut.-Col, Corbin with the operations of the
Firat Colored Brigade

The resolution against the seating of
Matthew 8. Quay as Senator from Pennsylva-
nia was taken up, and Mr. Roes (Rep., Vt.) ad-
| dressed the Senate in support of the reaolu-
| tlon and against Mr. Quay's right to the seat,
He argued that the framers of the Constitution
| had not Intended to provide for the neglect of
a State Legislature to discharge ite duty and
| fill vacancy inthe Senate, If that vacancy

was not filled it was the fault of the State in
having elected a Legislature which refused or
neglected to perform its duty

The Quay matter went over without action
and Mr. Teller of Colorado made some re-
marks on the subject of the conference report
on the Financial bill. He argued that the
power ought not to be given to an executive
officer which the conference bill gave to the
Becretary of the Treasury to maintain parity in
any way in which, in the Secretary's judgment,
{t could be maintained, If it was necessary,
the Secretary might issue bonds, and might
buy gold to maintain the gold reserve of $150,-
000,000, Such power should not be given to
him or to any other executive officer, He pre-
dicted that the national debt would be contin-
ued, and would increase gradually year by

year, eo that no man now living would ever see
itpald. He did not suppose that the people
who favored this bill ever wanted to see It

pad,

Mr. Allison, (Rep,. Ia.) replied to Mr. Tel-
lor's objections, and defended that particular
provision of the conference bill. Ita purpose
was, he sald, to provide against a deficiency in
the Treasury

"The bill does not say that,” Mr, Teller in-
tervosed. “It says a ‘defoiency in the revenue.’
There may be plenty of money in the Treas-

ury

Mr. Allison--That is to say, that if the Gov-
ernment expenditures are greater than the
current revenues, the reserve funds shall not
be used to pay current expenses,

Mr. Teller sald that the 2 per cent. bonds
which the bill authorized the Secretary to issue
were now being suid in New York (by anticl-
pation) at a premiurn of 6 per cent.

Mr, Allisou said he could not oonuceive of any
reason why a2 per cent. bond should sell ata
Premium,

Mr. Teller declared that, nevertheless, that
was afact, Hehad been told two days ago, by
& distinguished business man of New York,
that those bonds were being sold freely In New
York at} per cent. premium, the seller making
a contract to deliver them when tasued.

Taking up the provision in the conference
bill that it is not intended to preciude Inter-
national bimetallism, Mr. Teller characterized
{t asa “silly and weak declaration-a plece of
nonsense.’ Itdid not mean anything: and if
fe did, then {t was inconsistent with the gold
standard, There was notaman, he said, who
voted for the biilin the Senate who had a rignt
to be called a bimetallist.

At the ciose of Mr. Tellers remarks the Pea-
sion Appropriation bill was taken up and
rea‘

Mr. Bates (‘Dem., Tenn.) objected to acting on
a bill appropriating $144,000,000 while there
were only twelve Senators present He thought
it out of taste and indecent to pass auch a Dill
under such conditions

Mr. Gallinger, chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, did not press the bill, and the Senate
went into executive session,

After the doors were reopened, the private
pepsion caleniar was taken upand thirty-eight
iils were passed, Among them were two In-
creasing to $40 a month the pensions of the
widows of Capt, Cavron and his son, killed Io
the war with Spain; also two increasing the
pensions of the widows of Gen, De Russey and
Col. Baylor to 85v a month,

 

ROB'T LOUIS STEVENSON’S BIRTHDAY,

The Docnment by Which He Deeded It to
the Danghter of Chief Justice Ide,

Wasainoton, March 3.—H, (. Ide of Ver-
mont, a member of the new Philippine Com-
mission, was for several years a resident of
Upolo tn the Samoan Islands, first as Land
Commissioner and later as Chief Justice ander
the joint appointment of England, Germany
and the United States. While living at Apla
Mr. Ide and his family wero very intimate with
the family of Robert Louis Stevenson, the au-
thor. Mr, Ide beiug a man of wealth and liter-
| ary tastes there sprang up a atrong friendship
| between him and Mr, Stevenson. Mr. Ide's
jittle daughter Annie was a specia! pet and pro-
tegve of Mr. Stevenson and bis wife. After the
return ofthe Ides to their Vermont home Mr.
Stevenson deeded to Annie his birthday in the
| following unique document:
| “I, Robert Louis Stevenson, advocate of the
| Scots Bar, authorofthe “Master of Ballantrae”’
| and “Moral Emblems,” civil engineer, sole
| owner and patentee of the palace and planta-
| tation known as Vailima, in the island of
'
\

| Upolo, Samoa, a British subject, being in sound

mint and pretty well, [thank you, in mini and

body;

“In consideration that Miss Annie H. Ide,
daughter of H. C. Ide, in the town of St, Johns-
| bury, fp the county of Caledonia, in the State of
| Vermont, U. 8. of America, was born, out of
| allreagon, upon Christmas Day and is, there-
| fore, out of all justice, denied the consolation
and profit of a proper birthday;
| “And considering that I, the said Robert
Lous Stevenson, Pave attained the age when
we never mention it, and that Lhave now no
| further use tora birthday of any deseription;

“And in consideration that | have met H, C,
Ide, the father ofthe suid Annie H. Ide, and
found him as white a land commiasioner aa [
require, | have transferred and do hereby
) transfer to the said Annie H. [de all and whole

of my rights and privileges inthe l3th day of

November, formerly my birthday, now, hereby

ond henceforth, the birthday of the said Annie
| H. Ide, to have, hold, exercise and enjoy the
same in the customary manner, by the sport.
ing of fine raument, eating of rich meats and
receipt of gifts, compliments and copies of
vera», according tothe mannerofourancestora;

“And Tdireet the said Annie H, [de to add to
the said name of Annie H, Ide the name ol
Touisn—at least in private-on! Toharge her
to use my said birthday with moderation and
humanity, ef tamqguam bona fi'ta faritiias, the
sai’ birthday not bee ao young as it once
was, an! baving carried main a very satisfac.
tory manner since | ean remember;

“And tn case the satd Annie H. lle shall neg-
| lect or contravene etther of the above eondl-
| tions, L hereby revoke the donation and trans.

fer my rahte in the said birthday

President of the United states of America for

the time being

“In witness whereof IT have hereto set inv
hand ond seal, this nineteenth day of June, in
the year of grace eighteen hundred and nine-

  

ty-one Ronert Lovis STEVENSON, (seal
“Witness, Lioyd Osbourne,
“Witness, Haro'd Watts.”

| - - - —_——_ -——

THE CRUIS¥®R CHARLESTON'S LOSS

Charges That Some
Drunk When the Ship Was Wrecked,
Wasrrseato~n, March 3.- The Navy Depart
ment reeently received a letter from an unomf-
vial source inthe Philippines, said to be relia.
ble, charging that some of the officers of the
cruiser Charleston were drunk when the vessel

was wreeked off the north coast of Luzon,
fome enlisted men of the Charleston are
| quoted in support of the charge The
| Navy Department hus forwarted the letter
{to Rear Admiral Wataon at Manila, with
directions to investimate, The reeord of
the Court of Inquiry whieh investigated

    
 
 

ariaston is On its way to

the wreek of the Ch
ewoof the fact that most,

| Washington, butt
if not all, of her off
to duty elsewhere, it is supposed that thy Conre
| did not davelop that there wae any derelietion
of duty on board at the time the cruiser struck
| the hidden reef, Capt, Pigman, who last eom
| manded the Chariesto), ia not Involvedin the
change. His assignment by Admi:al Watson
| to the command of the Monterey shows that he
| was ex nerated of blame
| Naval officers say thatthe charge is believed
to haveemanated from some eniiated mar
with a grievance, They think {t extremely
unlikely, also, that anybody was druok at day.
| break when the Charleston struck

Committee to Inspect the
Kearsarge,

At the invitation of

House Naval
Battleship

| Wasnreoton, March 3.

the Seeretary of the Navy, members of the
| House Committee on Naval Affairs will leave
| here on Friday onthe United States despatch
| boat Dolphin for Newport News, Vi, to inspect
|
|

| the new battleship Kearsarge, whieh waa
pluced in commisstop ten days ago The de
csion totake the trip grew out of Secretary

Long's appearance before the Nava! Committee
this week in connection With che increase in
ithe navy, The committee is particu arly anz-
jous to aee the workings of the doublodee
turrets on the Kearsarge, the first vessel of the
navy ou which they have been installed,

to the |

of the Officers Were |

| Frederick &, Strong, F

| Antonio,

ers huve been transferred |

|

 

 

THE SUN,

DANGER TO LAKE TRAFFIC,

BPFECT OF THE MANY PROPOSED
CANALS ON THE WATER LEVELS,

 

Senator Piatt’as Resolution Providing for |
&@n International Commission of Inquiry |
on the Subject-The Large Commercial |
Enterprises Along the Lakes laterested. |

A joint resolution ia awaiting action in the |
Senate Committee on Foreign Helations in which |
friends of the commerical interests along the
Great Lakes are very much interested, The reso
lution was introduced by Senawr Platt of New
York, who is credited In Western papers with be
ing the first person at Washington to recog
nivee practially the needs of the situation
regarding navigation in the lakes. The reso-
lution was introduced on Jan, 22 and was referred
to the Foreign Relations Committee, It is framed
to secure for Congress and the country needed
information as to the effect on the water levels |
of the lakes of the various canal schemes that
have been projected for the diversion of waters
from these bodies, The number of these canal
projects is growing larger all the time and as
changed water levels will affect navigation and
hence thereaten the commerce of the whole lake
system, the projects are rewarded by many as 4
serious menace, ‘The commerce of the lakes
is Many times that of the Suez Canal, the ore alone
passing the Sault Ste. Marie Canal representing
nearly twice the merchandise tonnage of the |Suez
Canal traffic for a year.

Senator Platt's resolution is entitled “A joint
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to invite the Government of Great Britain
to join in the formation of an international com-

mission to examine and report upon the diversion |

of the waters that are the boundaries of the two
countries,”

It provides that the President invite the Govern-
ment of Great fritain to join in the formation of
an international commission, to be composed
of four members from each country, whose duty
it ahall be from time to time to report upon the
conditions and uses of the waters adjacent to
the boundary line between the United States
and Canada including all the waters of the lakes
and rivers whose waters flow by the River St
Lawrence to the Atlantic Ocean, and aleo upon
the effect upon the shores of these waters and the
structures thereon, and upon the interests of navi
gation, by reason of their diversion from their
natural flow, and,further,to report upon the neces-
sary meastires to regulate such diversions, The
Prasident is authorized to appoint the United
States members of the commission and the com-

mission ts authorized to amploy auch surveyors,
enperlg end other persons as it may deem need
ul, e resolution provides »pre ‘
oy han Ae foo the wake r 4n appropriation

Andrew H. Green of this city is one of thoes
who have lent their active interest to the promotion
of such an inguiry, He has for a long time been
interested in the subiect of the lakes’ levele

“We want a favorable report on this resolutlen
from the Senate committee Mr. Green said
“Through such an international commission we
should find ont what the danger from the many

  

prohosed canals would be, and in no other wav. |
No human being now can tell what the effect of
al! this diversion would he Any nu of |

canals are projected, looking to the utilivation
of water from the Great Lakes. The Deep Water

ways Commission. whose report is due in July
has spent, it is reported, about $1,000,000 in ex
aniinations, Chicago's drainage

take 600.000 culle feet of water per minute from
Lake Michigan and they've got to put up with
what they do there; what its effect on the other
lakes will be may be later. That canal
is to be made into a stip canal to connect with |
the Missouri River for the carrying of wheat |
down the Mississippi to Gulf ports, instead of |
shipping it straight east to the Atlantic Mneh |
wheat is now being sent down the Mississippi — |
“Lately a acheme has been advanced to build |
@ canal from Cleveland to the Ohio River and
80 to form 4 new route down the Mississippi Vatiey |
j
!
!

eeen

anal is to
|

A canal is proposed to connect Lakes Superior
and Michigan, to furnish another route from |
the Upper Lake country to the Gulf by war of
the Mississipni ;

“The Welland Canal already exists. They
already have a canal fourteen feet deep ali ng
the St. Lawrence to take freight to
There is a scheme for an
Mirough the St. Lawrence. A scheme is afoot
for a canal from Georgian Bay to the Ottawa |
River, to effect a saving of the 400 miles of navi- |
ation throngh Lake Huron and the regular |
channels, There is also a scheme to take water |
from Lake Erie around the Falls of Niagara
through Lake Ontairo and the St. Lawrence |
and then down Lake Champlain to the Fludson |
River. There is another plan to reach the Hudson |

Montreal
international canal |

by building a canal to connect Lake Ontario
and Oneida Lake, and running thence to tne
Erie Canal, striking that not far Fe m Rome”
The Marine Rerord of  leveland, and the Cleve
land Plain Dealer have been carrying on a vig
orous propaganta looking to the guarding of the
lake levels. Not only navigation directly, but all
the accessories to it, represented in wharves |
an! warehouses and elevators, shipwards, &
along the shores of the lakes would be affected
by a chan in the water levels, 6 there is a lj
versity of interests concerned in the matter of the |
effect of the proposed canals |
“Don't rob the chain of lakea of their natural
supply of water; the danger of one |
cerns all,” was oneof the ad |
Reeord
docks, wharves, loading and discharging facilities,
nor advocating the conservancy and further i m- |
rovement of rivers, harbors, &c, if we are de- |
|
}
|

 

nierast eny
iw urations of the Marine
There is no use of building large vessels,

 

iherately intending to diminish the natural levels,
or as near as they exist at the present time,” it
said again

Tn the report of the Board of Engineers ap
Pointed by the United States on the probable effect
of the Chicago drainage canal on the level of the
Great lakes, the statement was made that “the
abstraction of 100.000 culiec feet of water per second
from Take Michigan will lower the levels of all
the lakes of the system exacent Lake Superior,
and reduce the navigable capacities of all harbors
and shallows throughou! the system to an extent
that mag h* determined, if at all, by actual meas
urements only.”

 

CROKER TO ANTI-TRUST-LRAGUF,

Glad the Presse Treats Hotel Men and Com-
mercial Travellers so Kindly,

William Hoge, Secretary and Treasurer
|
|

 

the Commere!i! Travellers’ and Hotel Man's
Anti-Trust League, has received the followlng
letter from Richard Croker

Wavracn, England, Feb. 18, 1900,
Deak Mn Hows | have received your letters, alao
the pews aper clippings, and am yviad to see that
the press teeata your powerful P@Ahization as
hin tly. Tani anre that yon willbeable to vive thoce
whe are crvebing ont the Commercial Travellera’ |
interes wnddepiiving @o many of @ livelil fal
L Tin the coming electio farm also wiad
rth he hotel men have Juinedin your geod |
work, W ne roontinued suceess and with my
hearty approval, believe me, Yours truly |

Ricwarnn Cnoner |
When the letter wae read ata meeting of tha |

Board of Jir ctora of the League on vote of
thanks Was given to Mr, Croker, The roster
of the Leagae shows that) the present

membership i4 46,000,

Army and Navy Orders.

Wasutnoron, March 3.—These army orders

were issued to-day:

Capt. Robert TI. Brown, Asstatant Q
from: Cincinnat: to Chicago for temp
Q@eMietantio the Chief Quartermasier of Tt

   
 

rtarmaater,
ty dnty

  
  

 

  

 

     

 

 
  

whos, rel eving Capt. Charlies L. P .
Quartermaster, ordered to San fran yand
veto Manila,
Major Walter Lteed from ¢} ity to
1! thenes iv rate the
» of electrovone as a distnfectant and
germicide, |
4 board of officers to con of Col. Wallace F
handolph, First Artillery; Mator Jamea W. Pope |
Cnartermaster, and Capt. Heary W Hubbell, iret
Artiliery, to couvend #t Sullivan's ialand,S. ©.

torthe purpose of aserrtuining ths prices on the
two tracta of laud of Sallivan’s [sland
Firat |, eut. Sdwin ©, Serratt, from the Sixth Arti
lery to the Fourth Art llery, Battery FP, Firat Lions
Lawrance S Miller, fro the Fourth Artillery to
Bisth Artillery, Dattery 0
Leavecta efortwenty dave ie granted Capt,
urh Amtitior
Sibley, Se-ond Cavalry, to San
as Acting Inspector General

  

 

nen

Capt. Frederick W
lex., for dut
of that department

These naval orders were issued:

Hutebins, from the Naval
Muection with the Buffalo |

Commander. ©. 1
Academy to dutr in

 

 

navy yard. New York |
Lieuterant Commander C. E. Colahan, from the |
Barwa of Navigation to dnty at the Naval Academy
as relief of Communder CT. Hutehine,
Lieutenant Commander V. LL Cottman, from the

}
}

Hydrographic Of +, Bereanof Equipment, to the |

Bureau of Navigation immediate)

wwender JN. Hemphill t) duty a @ member |

of the Board of Inspection and Survey, Washington,

  

Lieut. W, G@ Miller and Lieut Gunior grade) D, F
Sellers, detached from the Iowa and to the Phila

lelphia

 

7, Derr, }
|

R P. Crandall, commissioned Surgeon; F
commissioned Medical Inapector, ROG. Davenport
© mtolagoued Commander, WoC Gibson, minis

! Sap ial J.C. Wise, conimmissioned Medical
tor, H. M. Witvel, commissioned Lieutenant
ander, A. G Winterbalter commissioned

 
 
  

Tdeutenant Commenuder; BR. T. Hall, commissioned

nite

hi ant Commander, and R, Hatton,
| Pay master

n T. Kennedy haa been appointed an Assistant
Surveonin the Navy

Hoyt 1 Matt) ews, Richard 8, Hooker and William
C) Htortlee have been appointed Second Lieutenants
in the Marine Corps.

cominis

  

 

|
dersey Central's Atlantic’ City Special
A New ig hoor Fupress Leaves foot of Liberty
street at igo PR M, Sonth Ferry, o25 P. M., ar
riving Atlantic City at 45 P. M, Returning
leaves Atlantic City at 2:10 BP, M., arriving New
York YM. ‘Tickets are good for a stopover at

Lakewood. —ade,

 

} formed in Cabato invade not only Honduraa,
but other Central American countries All
these complaints were i{nvestigeted, but

| floated helplessiy with the tide

 
  
   

SUNDAY,

THE CLARK BRIBERY INQUIRY,
Testimony All in--Tho Committee to Hear
Oral Arguments on March 2,

Wasnixoton, March 3.— The protracted tin-
quiry tnto the charges against Senator Clark
of Montana, that his election to the Senate was
secured by bribery and corruption, hia about
closed, There are no more witnesses to be ex.
amined on either aide, but it is possible that
the committee may still call one ortwo. The
examination has beon to progress, with but
few {0 ermissions, since Jan. 5, and the teatl-
mony taken fille four large printed volumes,
containing in all about 2,500 pages.

There was an interchange of views this
morning between the committee and counsel
os to the time to be allowed for preparation of
the closing arguments, Mr. Ifoar sald ttto be
the desire of the committee that there should be
carefully prepared printed briefs on each side
andthat oral argument should afterward be
made. Mr. Edmunds on the one side and Mr,
Faulkner on the other concurred in that sug-
gestion; and a period of two weeks was allowed
for the preparation of the briefs. As to the
oral arguments, the committee assigned alx
hours for each side, the anti-Clark lawyers to
have the right to open and close

Aftera private consultation of the commit-
tee defliite arrangements were announced by
Mr, Hoar in these words

“The oral arguments shall proceed on Tues-
day, March 20, at half past 10 in the forenoon,
The committee has made no order requiring
either party to furnish a copy of ta brief to the
other, but it night be well jor counsel to agree
todoso; also t) furnish aeopy to each mem-
berofthe commities (Counsel on bath stiles
figuifed their assent.) One or two witnesses
will be detained in case the committee may
deem it desirable to examine them further,”
The com pittee then adjourned.

The investigation has so far cost the Senate
some $28,000, Kor witness fees about $23,-
OOO has been disbursed; the bill of the
dtenographer who took the testimony was
$5,000; for the services of an extra clerk the
committee paid 8500; fees of marshals aggre.
gated $500, while the accounts for printing
testimony, Which bave not yet been audited,
will probably amount to $1,000,

MARCH 4, 1900.

LE TS Se

—

   

 

ARCH, AP

 

     

LOOKING OUT FOR FILIBUSTERS.,

Gen, Weod Doean’t Believe the Rumor That
an Expedition Is Being Organised in Cuba,

Wasnitnoton, March 3.—Information which
came to the State Department yesterday thata
Miibustering expedition was being organized
in Cuba with the intention of going to Hon-
duras, caused the War Department to send a
despatch to Major-Gen, Wood at Havana to in-
vestigate the rumor. Gen, Wood telegraphed
the War Department to-day that be had made
inquirfes, and, as a result, he belleved that
that there was no truth fn the report,
but he promised to keep a sharp

lookout for any such expeditions and to inform
the War Dpartment when he learned anything,
‘lhe source of the Information to the State
Departinent could pot be ascertained. The
only explanation given was that it came from
“a nelwhboring island.” The deapatch, pre-
sumooly from a United States consul, said that
@rma and sunpties had been collected at a
Cuban portand that a vessel was expected to
take the fAlibusters to Honduras,

Reports of a siinilar charoeter have been re-
ceived at the State Department within the paat
several months. It has been alleged in letters
tothe Department that expeditions were being

nothing to support them could be discovered,

ADKIINT IN THE EAST RIVER,

Man tn an Oarless Rowboat Rescned by
Harbor Police,

James Cummings, night watehman on the
pile driver anchored in the Fast River off Rev-
enteenth street, an involuntary cruise
dowpatream in a rowboat early yesterday
mornin’

At midnight Cummings started forthe pile
driver ina rowboat, The tide was strong and

the wind was high. While tugging away atthe
oars Cummings alipped and fell to the bottom
ofthe boat. The oars went overboard, and he

took

During these spring months, everyone is threatened with many
complaints and diseases. These months allure to exposure, oberwork
and risk of health. Prudent people take advantage of the marbelous
invigorating power of

PAINE’S CELERY COMPOUND

Aman on shore ran to the Street Cleaning
Department stables and netiffed Polles Head-
quarters that Curmmings was adrift in the Fast
River and making forthe lattery at lightoing
speed. ‘Headguarters notified the Harbor
police and Launeh No, 3 containing threa men |
Went to the rescue. Cummings was sighted |
ques above the Keidge. The launeh took his |

oat in tow and Cummings was landed at Sev-
enteenth street,

 

AGAINST THE PAPER TRUST,

National Editorial Association Advocates
Repeal of the Duty on Wood Pulp,

 

ROCHESTER CITY LOANS,

  

 

 

 

   

 

        

 

 

 

   
 

 

   

 
 

 

    

 

    

 

 

   

 

New Oungans, March 3.—The National Pdi- MODERN PIANISIS, but be earns bis livelihood by bis tricks by |
| torial Association, whieh has been in session his tric atthe plano and his appearance and -——-
here since Wednesday, adjourned to-day, A Fake Tricks of Unmanly Virtacsos Ruining | ! f : pecu : lies. ; | The Comptroller Charged With Negotiat
, . man ay 4 Ion its ‘ et "
large part of the time of the association was Genuine Piano Playing. | vimuinao, th Siuoan nae A it ie hea ‘ ing Them at a High Rate of Interest.
devoted toadiscussion of the Paper Trust, From the Saturday Rerine ) ruin What @enuine art of plane plaving there NocneerTer, March 3.—In a communication

The movement eqnit + ty trust wis led hy It will not be denied that the average success ie Was . He is note a bent lay in @ plausi: | tothe Common Council City Treasurer Bame-
ex-Congressman Tom Patterson of Colorado, ne manner musi ritten for other instruments a‘ ‘
editorot the Denner News Reaolutions were | ful pianist is a poor, unmanly creature, Liszt, | he is even plasing juine piauomusic, such | Uel B. Williams charges Comptrotler James
adopted denouncing the Paper Trust and calle | Rubinstein, Bulow these men were of course ane hop Whatcan only becalled anorches- | Johnston with negotiating city loans at @
ing upon Congress to repeal (he duty on paper | +} { ‘ lay tral Way ‘ PIN, poor oman, had le {

i = e ' there . ow ni lay | } nian wad on notion . f o 2
and woodepulp. The proposition to appoints real men. a id ere are a fewp an " of how to write for the orchestra. and certainiy Kigherrate of interest than the same loans
committee of seven editors, four Republicang | who are as full of manhood as eould be hothing was further than the orchestra from | CUld have been obtained from the firm of
pre theve Demet ie me bre asthe Anti-Trust Mr. Lamond for instance, is robust physically eis th Gothts When he wrete his noeturnes and  Dunseombe & Jennison of Wall etreet, New

. all p 4 J “ , { vot ' } ™ i ' is a
bya rear ares fg vody was voted down | ang intellectually, and though one cannot cail ro ‘ ; a wit bth th t few aeons : paye York city. He says that if he had been allowed

. » Mr. Busoni robust, yet no one can fail to recog | fects, string effects. and 5 haat att mu pied to negotiate these loans he could have saved
TOBACCO TRUST NEGOTIATIONS nize, even when he is in his gendest mood and | Vid even tt net a the worst. Hosen | the city alarge sum of money, At the recent
. , playing most delicately, that here is 4 real man gy ving os Ki immens crowds , election Mr, Williams was elected without
2 . vw playing es faster and louder than they
To Buy Two Snuff Companies That Bave | These are the exceptions. Tam referring tothe | jaye pyc be n played bef r ret it es nae opposition, Mr, Johnston belongs to the Good
Withstood It Hitherto. pianist typs. Nowadays we know him, with | that within a wear or twosome one will come and | Government. party. which twice elected @

Negotiations, it was stated in Wall Street | his whims,hisaffretations, his long hair, his narrow be i Basent . at that kame It vost | “e Democratic Mayor in Rochester, but at the

, g . f ! , : : ; ‘. “ rough sirtuese®s bad made Uy taeir minds ee nlee y :
yesterday, are being conducted by the Amer!- | brain, bis ignorance, his jealoustes, his greed, | at last thet th yenuin ait ; elas ia Manni recent election was taken on the straight

r . : 1
can and Continental Tobaces companies, look. | his ingenuity in advertising himself, and (for! pieno musie on th Renuine ping was either | # publican ticket,
« , t . ! ’ ! , i
ing tothe absorption into the ao-cailed tobacco | Lam speaking of the genuine artist, notthecharla: |! + oF i ‘7, a uF abort, and had de Along in January it was necessary for the
trust of the Halme Snuul® and Tobseco Works | tan) his fine temperament and bis genuin> ability ul eee Senin sales bikie tnastintte | city to provide $175,00u, in anticipation of the
| Vv ‘ aprains 4 stic | ’ 1
and the Atlant wut Company. It te unders | ye know above all his lack of manliness and ms, Will goor long as sortete. Indies | 4X levy, for salaries and expenses of the varle

tr he trust sendeavorad to snbdie } ne ; ihe os t .
as mt ties 4 u ro. Ae oer wae | how he loves to be made a pet of. And while ol rmonkey treks 00S departments for the month, and $111,000
feat, hence the negotiations. The absorption we recoenize his lack of manliness we know that pt 8 iY an rth And more had to be raised for interest on the
of the two companies, it is estimated, will coat ‘ , eer 1 ’ WhMAL bonded debt and to pay contractors’ acoepte

‘ a ( ‘nc oh httwnke a ST only the most manly resolution and power of | there ar from whom some s
Ban fe F | Vfor the Atlantic and $2, endurance would have enabled him to arrive | thing better can be heard. Mr. Leonard Bor | aaces It was stated at Treasurer Williame’s
v0VU,000 for the IMeime com: y , cate had . at ‘ . :

os at his point of dexterity and agil.ty on the hey rn fy Shor he S ene xy mie h w - acy, office this morniug that Comptroller Johneten,
' iw Invs beautully; i 7 ( , i one on ow
Grosamith to Give an Benefit Recital. board: and we marvel at the number of forcible, | Lam ‘ dant ie & ablendid Arties instead of getting this money from New York

The Summer Rest Soeiecy is to heneft by a] violent contradictions contained in that one frail | Within | wid among women wa have | 4t from 3% to 3% per cent, interest, borrowed
recital to be giver rr aw f frame. Others have wondered before 4 fj err ind Medam: Fischer Sobell, J. FP. R ft from # Rochester money broker at from
racit »>b gyiven at Try > A @k from ame ers ‘andered is : oe

é - 1445 to 45 per cent. It is aatd that after th
Monde t George Grosem opuls yw fully forty veara since the late Stephen - '

Sean han nf ” hha den a Soe popeee + 2 ES I { . ! ble nist as well Accused of Enticing Young Girls Into Ais |" al ERS OF Had obtained the bonis Re te
Foglish humoris This soclety maintains at | Helier, himself a consderable 4 st ve Sinte t oli them to Dunseombe & Jennison, an
Woodville, Nu. a bome for women of limited | as a small though sincere musician, wrote to a : that they pomess to take (hem, saving mee

Came Veneers 0 years old elg inate they wo hot do basinesse with the iy
means who | npelied to port then | friend of his on the subiect and made some re ‘ t acigardealer 5)''* ; ; A ' , )
. ptt Pe : oes , a ) st > atveui. ¢ ou hiak hrouvh another party, The Treasurer's office
aye! an a 1 oe n : : able so me ) : th t ihe marks that differ from the remarka of the ordi E J «\ et ene os w : Ar Mgaect Inthe olanne to have this letter from the New York
pl nt pi y t f thine hie t TI ib nary musician in that they indicate considerable * “MTerson Marke "I Vesternday by Agent bunkers dn it@ posseasion

Molar ? j rh hisorga a ok y ’ haw han nothe netance '
ets are for sale at the residences of the follows | intelligence. 1 quote from that excellently edited on oe ae mociety,  Fioreance Me rH i " enya oun Cee a aa ae
na ls tr £ ' ratrnete Ovenr lof lee t 7s : J vidas me aly ‘

East Tout! ire. Fran : oe Nase th 4) and written journal, the Boston Mus Recor r Ma ri ofl) Clagkson street getting these louns in New York, is cited. A
ain onth street; diss 22 $ rir a Marv boy, vears old, of 50 Varro renee w day ‘ {t we ‘ ary
| teinueth atveatt Mine aT. Morgan, 219 I belfove that the childish dispostion the vy ears ¢ )Varrow atre t N this 4 RO It Whe neopsnary to raise abouts
Mad oy 4 wih % +9 @ appeared as eomplainants against him. The  %4)7.000 silanes for Pebruary to make ap
Madison avenue; Ina Mi nor, 13 Last ‘Twer majority of great virtuovos (and Lia7t os motan ex > id Magistrate Cornell that the prisoner — etloter sof last yearand to pay contractors’
tt ae treat ul Mis ie , Shippe ‘ . te " BOLLE t .
sh | scr ithierytarenth eee es HiPPED. | costion), 4 ther eultof long and brutalzing work | ha wirsol thesameagea  #eceptances, ‘This loan was made by a local
. = ; ; performed by ther bards, whieh, by the way, were | in! esotoandy.and eeveral banking be int the Treasurer's office sage
reated to exectite the Sa fo morale on the eom gninst the man will) the interest charged ts from 4 to 4.15 per oeat,
Dream Haunted; Not Insane, never create eae L 4 vniyhemade. Phe Waostrate neld Menerg [fe breasucer's offlee says that Dunscome &
The condition of Martin Murphy. the be tightrope piano, Not with impunity does a man | jy $2000 ball for further examinatior Jeanison of New York wrote to them, offerin
. : 1iti + mani ie irphy, th ar- practice ten hours a day for fifteen or twenty yeara temake this loan at 0375 atthe highest an
tender who shotand kille homas Giles on . > tb thought perhaps it could do even better
. attwastngl sand preparing them for gs Charged With Swindling ¢ tt . ’ zi
Wodnesday in vaaloon at Tt seventiatroet ‘. . eeury it gk Count Lautree, °
, a eer ee ib ies wl re cor inp So natare , thease .
and Third aventc, Waaso much imbroved yen: | Cen alnk alatinid sb : Judge Lacombe of the United States Clreuit Shot Himself in a Yonkers Wood,

: wa mee { vintwone lobhe stinate 6
terday as to warrant his return to Yorkville | oers ached intelt 8 Lievt, who haa | Court handed “ nh oorder yesterday dis Yon March 5 -Juines Higgins of 88
conn dobg n fr m eviie i Ihe | intelie sof an tnwholewome, unhealt? esinw the w 4 ! ecured by Maple street, who had been sick for a week,
that instead of # on kin! ! | ma who t ' eit his home yesterday afternoon and did not
Murohy's eonditic " re | a hte 8 during fiftee } . j 4 hind Dy ta vty Tn ney return This morning some boya playing on
Vousness pro . an \ i f I Moelean avenue saw him enter a wood near
whiah files a t | twe My hong ' | a é i Friday, the Van Cortlandt Park avenue A few minutes

as ; tt t t ' jing that tl rthev heard the report of a pistol They
' ’ ‘ t s ft ! wil I] hice Y r { !

t hink Len { ! hveman Healey, who Jound Ligging
' ' . } moor hin last night dead ip the wood

 

FORSYTHE WAIST

  

66 ee ioheme. u tolagsia 6 var tarts
j “feted | ‘ ar hen be ma lus ay
| pearsnee hen ust goon thinking of his publ “™ 7
harder than ever, Itis not enough t play the
| VL oper
|

   

    

  

 

I
p \ ‘ itet on b
. b et inte t the put i per.
A Weather-Strip. must sere rate ail the harties of + 3
nall \ veryt inthe world tyisetat . ; ° cae . . ‘
he ao ot "Roventvecsen” thee a | BUR pred mbt me M0 bet nn SHOWN THIS WEEK IN FRENCH FABRICS.
n ine OT ‘ ent oF ‘ t1 t y readers of the dedows ‘ aii’ er :
weather-strin shuts out the March winds: | fect yt ! t flat with \ " 7 y Ki \ : {at the d p interest ladies have taken fashionable
t *] themselves fr mS 0 mane ft vir colleagues | ‘ ‘ ad ot tanding the great demain, we are tilling orders promptly.
protects you from Grip, Colds and Pneu- | ue a ea cet hong “ of en This week, beginning Monday, we will introduce the latest importation, —
monia; restores the cheeked eireulation | ‘ i be put in a iienkew ca Ze and ~ 0 ! F h He : las
| a dumb piate te amuse en « .
(indicated by a chill of shiver), starte | Kictat ium plaus t amuse he chien wi ur French Handkerchief Waists and Squares,
| : } private histortes made very, very public i) ; f
the blood coursing through the veins and | P)''"S tat these games as a rile sucenes) Ol Which we bespoak an even greater success, Like the Rum chundas, they are
rank " wi thet th deesshl arts WDM tee bee ! > \ ° Hare t ! . t
oe eens UF” 8 Oe petial by ladica, one cannot wonder atthe tore es IN Warsts or Squares, and may be selected from stock or made to
prop ri n of planinte why are, as Heijler | del
tae ‘racked, and who have also ber e mere to he _p ; , i }
Edition de Luxe, OF pets ee They are extremely beautiful and are specially adapted tor teas and after.
: player can devote himself to getting on funeuons,
If in response to your request you receive } best owt of bis instrument, he must apenri ne cf “4

in learning how to put qualities inte it, ort The designs and col rings, in floral effects, pastel grounds, are dainty and

 

 

 

, yhreya’ | with Pr 0 ! . 1 '
Dr. Humphreys’ Manual with paper cover, Poe te er the niacerg, Ce yPuting qualtin delicate, and in fact the en.ire “tout ensemble” is the Acme of French Art
don't be disappointed, the Edition de Luxe Ay mn ‘y fake T a : af ‘ented ! in § a. ; . ,
4 suxe | , ass of fakes, To tmitave the: trumpet | if EN ' \ ' ht f oTe
will follow as soon as a new Jot are bound | ie : i i" en a ; parnitaye se Tu R wi senoinee Bnei - Y rye en ‘ii -
: ; eee ee a ee le Sen Wiens \ SWI IcRED ANI) chi, MOUE STS
Chapter on the Diseases of Childre with the soft pedal dowr imitate string t j ; ; ‘ 6 «
| — ' ee and foils of the rim thes things ' We will open with the largest and most exhaustive assortinent of these
Humphreya’ Homer thic Med Co,, Cor connection with the technique cf * t 0 Ww ae ‘
Willian & Jobo Sts 'N y ne they are fakes, dodges they nie or - s od we have ever displayed.
Artistic level than the tricks of a eons . MADE BY
brings wrigwlinis rabbits outota eountr " re

kin's ears devs

Vii! ted ts learning thes
is nota life w keep men manly. Als:

|
Eee tierce ape JOHN FORSYTHE,
[en caveniaren., ©: 865 BROADWAY, “The Waist Howe”

tend to be an artist. He may be an art
ta true, I am glad to say, that he often is an 6:1:

GRIP