=

Cae ay

ee

ey SPER BOE TAH

 

    

BUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month......... ;
AILY, per YOar........ccccceeee savh
combat. per Yoar..... anes '
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added
Tne SuN, New York City,
Panie—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioaque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

 

 

It our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication with to Nave rejected articles returned, they
qaest in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

SS - — as
One Hundred and Eleven Years of
Imperialism,

 

The system of government provided for
the people of this country by the Constitu-
tion went into operation one hundred and
eleven years ago to-day.

Sixty years later a President of the United
Btates, ZacHaky Tayton of Louisiana,
began his first and only annual message
to Congress with these words:

“Bixty years have elapsed since the establish-
ment of this Government, and the Congress of
the United States avain assembles to legislate for an
empire of freemen. The predictions of evil prophets
who formerly pretended to foretell the downfall
of our institutions are now remembered only to be
@erided, and the United States of America at this
moment present to the world the most stable and
permavent Governinent on earth

Imperialism began one hundred and eleven
years ago, when the Constitution Invested
the Congress with the power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property
belonging to the United States,

Our mighty empire of freemen still exists,
half a century after Zacuary TayLor's
time, now as then the most stable and per-
manent Government on earth; and the pre-
dictions of evil prophets who foretell the
downfall of our institutions are heard only
to be derided,

The Politics in It.

There was an incident in tho House of
Representatives on Monday which ia
enlightening. Right In the stress of |
debate over the Puerto Rican tariff, a
Republican advocate of the bill and sup-
porter of the Administration referred casu-
ally to the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty, now
lying dormant in the Senate while its
authors await events and hope for a turn
of publio sentiment. The mention of the
canal eloctrified the House:

“Mr, Mourecs of [linois.~Now I want to give you
another illustration that you will be very anxious to
get out of. 1 want to see a canal built connecting
tho waters of the Atlantic and the waters of the Pa-
cife, I want to see the tandon which that canal is
built belong to the United States, I want to see the
United States build that canal without any alliance
orany connection, direct or indirect, with any other
country inthe world. (Loud general applause.)

“Mr, NortoN of Ohio. —Do you want to fortify it?

“Mr. Boure ce of Nlinoia, continuing—- * * © 1
fay that that territory should be held and governed
by Congress asa territory belonging to the United
Btatos,

“Mr, Norton of Ohio,—Will the gent!eman yield to
me for a question”

“Mr, Bourets of Mlinois.—I will.

‘Mr, Norton of Ohio,—You are in favor of build-
ing that canal merely by American capital and |
American ownership. Are youin favor of fortify:
ing it also?

“Mr, Bovretr of Illinola.—I am in favor of for
tifying it by American guns and matntaining the
Monroe Doctrine, Loud applause

“Mr, Nornron of Ohto.—Good! We all agree with
you.

Mr. Bovey is a Republican, a Chicago
lawyer, a graduate of Harvard University,
and a Joyal supporter of the Administra. |
tion, Mr, Norton isan Ohio Democrat, a |
graduate of the common schools and of the |
war for the Union, and a member of the |
party opposed to the Administration, Both
gentiemen are Americans, Inthe heat of
the debate about Puerto Rico they pause to
etrike hands across party lines to pledge
themselves to an American canal and the
maintenance of the Monroe Doctrine,

And the applause rings alike on both sides
of the House,

There is no doubt that Mr. Norton ts
Might. An overwhelming mafority of the
Amerteans in the House of Representatives
of the Fifty-sixth Congress, Democrats and
Republicans are inflexibly opposed to the
abandonment of the Monroe Doctrine and
the construction of a canal under European
control and guarantee, as proposed by the
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty.

In that sense there is no politics in the
canal question, It is 9 question of Ameri-
canism, not of partisanship. The instinet-
ive judgment of the Republicans and Demo-
crates in Congress correctly represent
the sentiment of the country, The only
hope of the promoters of the treaty fs that
this American sentiment demanding an
American canal may subside, or become less
vigilant through weariness, or be diverted
or deluded or cajoled into quiescence long
enough to let the treaty pass the Senate,

In another sense the canal question
Involves politics of the most vigorous sort,
either precautionary or retributive aceord-
ing to circumstances.

Mr Hay is not a politician; he would not
feel himself complimented to be deseribed
as such. Mr. McKINLEY, however, is one
of the most perceptive politicians that ever
slept and ate in the White House, AprRa-
BAM LINCOLN Was another,

 

 

Canals and the Level of the Great
Lukes,

The advocates of the expenditure of
862,000,000 fora proposed new barge canal
are wise in their decision not to press for ac-
tion upon It at this session of the Legislature
and to postpone it for at least a year. The
subject should be turned over by the whole
people in all its bearings, If the people or
the Legislature were asked to vote upon
{t to-mnorrow, they would probaby vote
against it.

One of the most important questions re-
garding the new cana! is the source of its
water supply. There is little doubt that
the requisite quantity of water could not
be drawn from the interior of New York
itself. The creeks and rivers in our State
are notas large as they were even ten or
fifteen years ago, Streams whieh one

mundred years ago were restricted in State
6rants as navigable for many miles from
their mouths are now no more than little
brooks, Any eneroachment upon them is
guarced jealously by those in whose terri-
tory they lie, How grave a matter this is
considered to be, and to what length the
defence of water supply may be carried,
Was shown a few years ago in the deter-
mined resistance made by the people own-
ing the land around Skaneateles Lake
against the people of Syracuse trying to
obtain water from that lake for their city's
use, Indeed, it may be definitely assumed
that the water for the new barge canal,
if such a canal is ever built, would have
to Le taken feom tue Great Lakes, This

 

 

immediately suggeste, however, that there

are other large canals planned in the United
States and Canada which , are likewise
proposing to maintain themselves from
the Greet Lakes, ‘There is an obvious
public danger in these plans,

We print on another page an Interesting
summary of the reasons given for the pas-
sage of a joint resolution of Congress, now
resting in the Senate Committee on For-
elgn Relations, providing for the appoint-
ment of an international commission to
examine and report upon the proposed
diversion of the waters that form the
boundaries of Canada and the United
States, that 1s to say, the Great Lakes.
One of those largely Interested in
the matter is Mr. ANDREW H. GREEN
of this city. No name is more intimately
and honorably connected with all matters
affecting the commerce and industry of our
State and nation than Mr, Green's, and no
one has a bhetter right to speak and to bo
heard on such subjects than he. Mr. GREEN
points out that the Chicago drainage canal
is now taking about 600,000 cuble feet of
water per minute from Lake Michigan, and
thatthe canal is eventually tu be made into
a ship canal toconnect with the Missour!
River. Other schemes exist for build-
ing a canal from Cleveland to the Ohio
River; for another great waterway connect-
ing Lake Superlor and Lake Michigan; for
an international canal through the St. Law-
rence; fora big canal from Georgian Bay to
the Ottawa River, and for taking water
from Lake Erie around the falls of Niagara,
thereby seriously endangering the great
Niagaran water power. The execution of
these pro! cts or any considerable portion
of them ‘ould perilously lower the water
level of the Great Lakes, with enormous
resultant damage to commercial Interests
and to the vast transportation and freight-
handling establishments that have been
built upon their shores,

It would seem as if the resolution in
question ought to pass speedily. Tt sim-
ply provides foran investigation of a ques-
tion of the first importance, at present very
imperfectly understood. It seems at prea-
ent, however, as If, aside from the matter of
cost, there are insuperable natural reasons
why some, at least, of th@se great canal
projects must fail,

 

Shall

Our foreign contemporary, Ciel et Terre,
has heardtherecent report that the geysers
of the Yellowstone Park are subsiding, and
the paper predicts that if the decrease in
theiractivity continues in the same ratioas
during the past four years they will become
extinct within the next decade. It sum-
marizes the information supplied by recent
visitors to the effect that Roaring Moun-
tain, though still emitting steam, roars no
more; that Black Growler in Norria Basin
is showing only feeble signs of life and that
the renowned Fountain Geyser in the

We Lose the Geysers?

| Lower Basin and the Splendid and Beehive

in the Upper Basin are practically extinct,
These statements may be substantially
accurate as regards the recent behavior of
a few of the many geysers and thermal
springs, but there is probably no reason to
fear that the park will be Lereft for many
years to come of this ono of its most won-
derful attractions, The hot springs and
geysers are in themselves an evidence of
plutonie energy in a feeble and declining
stage, Seattered all over this wonderland
of geysers and thermal springs are voleanie
cones, rising 2,000 to 3,000 feet above the
general level. Lava and ashes long since

| ceased to pour from their cratera, but the

springs and about seventy jets or geysers
etill remain to prove that the underground
energy has not yet entirely subsided,

The behavior of these springs and gey-
sers differs from year to year and because
they exhibit declining activity in any one
year or a series of years it cannot be safely
predicted that the phenomena will cease
within a short time, Jets here and there
may cease to spout, but simultaneously now
geysers, displaying the liveliest ebuilitions,
may come into view. Fountain Geyser
seems to have subsided for the present, at
least, but nearby a new geyser, which re-
joices in the name of Dewey, has suddenly
appeared, A certain tranquil thermal
spring was observed but little before
1880, when it suddenly became the most
vigorous of all the great jets in the park,
sending its water 300 feet into the air and
worthily gaining the name Exvelsior, Some
years the thermal waters are much hotter
and far more abundant than in others, and
these facta explain the differing conditions
of activity which tourists report from one
season to another. Displacements of the
underground vents are also frequently indi-
cated by the development of geysers in
hitherto tranquil springs and the subsi-
dence of other geysers, probably due, as
some geologists tell us, to the collapse of
their underground galleries,

While some of the geysers are growing
more powerful there is, on the whole, un-
mistakable evidence of a gradual decline of
energy. But there is no reason to belleye
that they will not be on exhibition for many
years to come,

The Mark of the Boot,

The Hon, JoHN Brisnen WALKER, pro-
moter of flying machines which do not fly
and of a Type-written University which
exhibits every sign of going up in the
air, has recently suffered an affliction,
He has been, 80 to speak, courteously but
none the less soundly kicked by President
Extor of Harvard University. More than
this, sundry other college Presidents have
followed in line and bestowed similar if
somewhat less emphatic attentions upon
him. This chastening came about from
Mr. WALKER's having disposed himself in
an upstrategic posture. He is now engaged,
inthe February number of his magazine, in
exhibiting to an unsympathizing public
the mark of the boot.

The Type-written University, it may be
remembered, sprang on to paper when
President E(nisnta) BENJAMIN ANDREWS of
Brown University gave such emphasis to
his Bryanistic views on free silver that the
Trustees were compelled to signify their
disapproval, “What!” says Mr. WALKER,
“no free speech? I will make a univer-
sity from which Dr, ANDREWS, President,

shail talk as he Iikes.” Nothing like
this institution had been known before.
All that its students were required to do

was to elect theircourses, write to the Pres-
Ident and receive by correspondence a rich
and fertilizing stream of knowledge on all
germane topics. All branches of learning
were in time to be Included, from the life-
habits of the scarnbeal to electrical engineer-
ing as applied to the automobile. Rut for
some reason E, Bexsamin ANDREWS, clever
man, decided not to undertake the wisdom-
dispensing presidency,

Upon observing that the intelligent
youth of the land did not flock tothe Type-
written University, which Mr, WALKER de-
clared that he was carrying on without
Dr, ANDREWS, the former concluded that

/

 
 

the national mind had been vitiated by
false standards of education. The oorol-
lary to this was that the present university
system must be fundamentally wrong.
Accordingly Mr, Wakes formulated cer-
tain charges against the system and in-
vited various college Presidents to write in
answer to them, Unluckily most of the
Presidents addressed had other matters to
attend to and, inconceivable as it may ap-
pear, preferred to busy themselves about
their own affairs rather than to help Mr.
WALKER to educate misguided youth.
Some few responses were received, In re-
gard to which Mr. WaLKEn says with
kindliness that though many of them were
“able in certain directions, all without ex-
ception ignored the points at issue.”

The college Presidents wouldn't do; to
others, he decided, must be left ‘the work
of discussing the requisites of a liberal
education.” ‘The students themselves
were not constrained In their utterances,”
he writes. ‘There must be many clear-
minded young men who would not hesitate
to welgh college conditions on their merits
and with auffictent boldness to call things
by their right names. In order to increase
tho Interest in the discussion the sum of
$2,000 in medals or checks, as the reciplent
might prefer, was offered by the Cosmo-
politan.”

In other words, if Mr. WALKER couldn't
find any college President to agree with
his views on education he could probably
find college atudents who would fill the bill.
His plan was simple. A discussion at each
of the universities invited to participate was
to be followed by a final and general debate
at Harvard. To universities in all parta of
the country letters were sent asking tho
codperation of the Presidents, That it was
incumbent upon him to notify Harvard of
the honor conferred upon it by its selection
as the sceno of his flual competition didn’t
occur to the promoter of the debate.

In the course of time letters in reply
came in from the college Presidenta, <A
very few accepted conditionally, Tho
great majority declined unconditionally.
“IT donot think the plan commends itself
to the authorities here,” wrote President
Patron of Princeton. ‘I do not see any
way in which we can codperate with you,”
was the response of President Harrer of
Chicago University. President ScHURMAN
of Cornell replied: “The university does
not desire officially to be connected with
the scheme,” President ApaMs of the Uni-
versity of Wisconsin could see “no advan-
tage from a discussion of the questions you
propose by the students of the univer-
sity.” Tho University of Pennsylvania,
through President Harrimoy, refused to
take official cognizance of the debate,
President Wurrney of Georgetown Univer-
sity wrote: “I do not think it would be
convenient for ua to accept the offer.” ‘It
does not seem to me worth while to pur-
suade the students to discuss the prin-
ciples of education,” was the decision of
President Gruman of Johns Hopkins Univer-
sity. A somewhat harder rap came from
President Low of Columbia who wrote:
“I do not think you should have
used fhe name of the university tn
such a connection without first ascer-
taining that it would be agreeable,” then
he declined to ‘recognize the plan in any
way.” ‘The university will take no partin
your project,” is what President Extot of
Harvard wrote to Mr, WALKER.
refusals may have pricked Mr. WALKER,
but worse was to come.

“Why this disinclinatlon to have a
serious discussion regarding the branches
which should be embraced in a liberal

education?” he asks,

Enlightenment began to come in upon
him with the receipt of a letter from Presi-
dent BarrinoceR of the University of Vir-
ginia, who wrote:

|

All these |

“T have received from |

President Exzor hia rather emphatic dis- |

claimer of participation in this matter,”

Straightaway Mr. WALKER wrote to Presi- |

dent Exior for an explanation, He got it,

short and sweet:

“Dear Sim: I have published nothing about your
offer of prizes for debating. I merely wrote to tho
Presidents of tho other institutions named in your
circular, saying that Harvard University had not
been consulted in the matter, and proposed to have
nothing to do with it. I ask your attention to the
fact that you published an announcement of these
competitions, including @ statement that the final
competition would be held at Harvard University,
without having ever communicated with me orany
other authorized representative of the university,
Very truly yours, Caaries W, Exior,”’

It might be supposed that a gentleman
who had bidden himself to the hospitality
of another gentleman only to be propelled
forth with uncompromising foot would
be content to let the slamming of the
door upon himself be the last adver-
tisement of the affair. Not so the Hon,
JoHN Brishen WALKER. Instead he pub-
lishes forth in his magazine President
Evio1's letter quoted above, and, as {t were,
sitting safe on an adjacent fence, still smart-
ing but deflant, makes grimaces at the
house inhospitable in this fashion:

*Itia evident thatthe Cosmopolitan by its action
bas pursued a course which will arouse much ad
verse criticiam, Ita purpose is none the lesa firm on
this account that this question shall receive a
thorough discussion, if not at the hands of those
who should be most able to consider it, then at the
hands of others perhaps lesa able but most interested
in its consideration. However much a@ class of pro-
fessors, safe from the world’s clamor within their
own cloisters, may imagine thatthe education which
young men receive is satisfactory and the best that
can be given them, they must eventually come to
recognize that there is @ large and growing class of
men who think that a great portion of university
education is absolutely wasteful.”

Trying as must have been this treatment
of the founder of the Type-written Uni-
versity at the hands—or feet—of his fellow
university educators he may still felicitate
himself upon having thrown a stronger
light upon one point of the failure of educa-
tion to educate. His publication of the
exhibits in the case shows clearly, though
all else be dark, that thera are some per-
sons whom nothing can educate,

The Emperor WILLIAM now knows how
the iron tooth of dramatic critics can bite. The
imperialist playwright has no protection
against hissing. His best excuse would have
been to follow the example of CHar.es Lama
and help damn his own play.

It is due to the city of Boston to say that
whatever may be thought of its present
stock of poets, its amateur negro minstrels and
black warblers seem to be remarkably numer-
ous and successful. Something of their re-
nown they owe to esteemed contemporaries
there published, which habitually give as much
place and gory to an amateur minstrel show
as the papers of other cities would give to the
reappearance in the g!iinpses of the moon of
SHAKESPEARE 4nd all tho rest of great Eliza-
bethans and Jacobeans

 

There are two propositions now before
Congress which deserve approval,

The first is to give to Wintram T, SHarren,
now retired, the rank of Major-General. The
second is to give the rank of Major-General to
Adjutant General Cornry, ‘

As to SHAFTER, Al! political criticism and mill-
tary analysis belong buried under the fact that
be commanded the army thas captured Sau-

te

 

uo

 

 

tlago, the great military achievement of the
Spanish war, Ar to Consrn, all familiar with
the conduct of that war know that no man
worked more ceaselessly or more efficiently
than he to provide for its success.

 

“WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE,” 6ays our 0s-
teemed contemporary, the Chicago Inter-
Ocean, “certainly worked for money.” And the
Hon. Haut. Carne works for money. 80 there
1s really no excuse for not working.

The teachings of Wasntnoton and LINcoLn
are derided. nthe Hon, Cant Scuvnz,

By whom? Mr. Scuunz was a derider of
Lincoxn in his time, and would have derided
Wasnrnoton for not taking his advico had the
Father of his Country had the misfortune to
have to live in the world with him; and
SoLomon and Socrates could not have escaped
the perpetual carper could he have got at
them.

 

 

When citizens reached the scene Powers was
found t have received two wounds and Fuller three,
Both died svon after.—SuN despa ch.

The referee undoubtedly was justified In de-
eiding that Powers won the shoot on points,

LE SI AST ATCT

Why Britons Like Us,

To the Epiton or Tue Sun—Sir; In your
lasue of March 2, George F. Shraidy, Jr., while
commenting onthe Boer war remarks: “I have
very little faith in England's love for America,”
Other correspondents have spoken in a similar
strain and few Englishmen have troubled ft
reply. The reason for this ig that they all know
the affection with which America is regarded
to be so absolutely sincere that to hem it ap-
bears too absurd to argue the matter.

There are, however, several reasona that
readily present themselves which I have ael-
dom if ever seen in print. I will mention only
four.

1, In all schools in England for generations
the children have been taught that the action
of Lord North's Government tn tho relgn of
George III. which brought about “the Boston
Tea Party” and the war was entirely unjustand
foolish and that America was’ in the right.
This early teaching through generations has
had the effect of making the people of England
feel that they at one time did an injustice to
America and forever after they wish to atone
for it. So much for inherent friendship.

2. To-day the unskilled laboring masses and
many of the middle classes denend largely for
their food supply in the United States, Fven
the farmers feed their work people on Amert-

ean bacon and American cheese while Ameri-
can Canned meats are a staple food on every
table in England, — Disaster tu the United
States, therefore, all Engiand knows, would very
materlally effuct the price of their daily bread.

3. Meanwhile the wealthy classes have im-
mense sums of money invested in American
railways, mines, offles buildings, telegraph
and telephone companies, farm mortgages,
ranches, city and government bonda and al-
most every known enterprise. “Where thy
treasure is there will thy heart be also.”

4. There ts scarcely a family in the British
Isles that bis not at this time soma near rela-
tive earning @ living {n the United States.
Thousands of these jutermarry with American
citizens and the bond ia further increased.
Most of these Britishera write home giving
some account,of the many new friends they
have made here with the reault that every
home {In England has @ sincere regard forthe
countryand the people who have befriended
the absent memberof the family, Very many
of these immigrants become American citizens
and are looked upon by those at home as going
to make up the great American people. Thou-
sands have been abla to send substantial sup-

ort back to their old folks and in many a hum-

le cottage the United states is looked upon
with fur more sincerity as “God's Country”
than it ia by her own sons

Throughout England there are signs in every
Mrection which point to this friendly feeling,
From the flagstaifot my own home overlooking
the hills and valleys of North Herefordshire the
Stars and Stripes float oftener than the Union

k. Down in the valley you can sea a hutme

  

le cottage where live the parents of a youth
earning an honest living in a Cortlandt atreet
store, That young man’s old folks pay their
rent with the money the son can spare from
his weekly earnings, On every street in every
town and village in England similar instances
might be found, and no American who has
visited the British Isles with opportunities for
observation doubts the genuine feeling of true
affection for the United States

It is surely time that Americans discovered
who are their best friends, JostaH NEWMAN,

GARDEN Crry, L, L., Maren 2.

A Card From President Search of Phila-
delphia.

To tar Fortor or Tur SUN—Sire In Th

@ditorial to-day on Various Plane for Philadelphia's

Relief’ there ia a statement concerning the "Phila-

Scn’a

delphia Museum, of which Theodore Search ja
President, W. Platt Pepper. Vice-President aud
Dalton Dorr, Secretar I desire to say, speaking

for Messas, Pepper and Dorras well aw for myself,
that we have n>) unection whatever with the
Philadelphia Museum.

The Pennsylvania Musuem and School of In-
dustrial Art, an educational institution supported
by the city and State, is governed by a Hoard of
Trustees, of which body I have the honor to be
President, and of which Mr. Pepper ia Vice President
and Mr. Dorr Secretary. Lf this is the institution
referred to in Tuk Scy’s editorial, the statement
that the institution coutributed $100, or, for that
matter, any sum for the purpose mentioned, ia not
true, and auch a publication ia damaging to the in-
teresta of the school, in view of the nature of its
support, I write, therefore, to ask Tar Sts kindly
to publish this correction, Taropore ©, Branca,
President Pennsylvania Museum and School of

Industrial Art.

PairaDeLrna, March 2, 1900,

 

—
The Boers,

To THe Forron or Tar Sun—Sir: May I be allowed
to say that heartily echo the expreastons of your
correspondent, Mr, George F, Shrady, Jr.,in to-day's
Sun rewarding the Boer cause? Norcan Ieee how any
genuine American can do otherwise, I have, in com-

mon with the vast majority of Americans, I believe,
deep adruiration for the bravery and fort. tude of the
Boers in resisting English encroachment and wreed,
To me their cause is just; andthe pith of the argu-
ment of the aggressors isthe epirit of commercial-
ium, the very antithesis of the spinitef trie civiliza-
tion. Wittiam B, Waicur,
Boston, March 2,

New Metals in the Sun,
From the Laterary Digest,

The announcement was first made by Norman
Lockyer that certain bright Hines {n the sola speo
trum indicated the presence in the aun of a hitherto
unknown gas which he proposed to call helium,”
In 185 Kamsay isolated thia gas “But at the
game time,” says Cosmos, abstracting an article in
Prometheus, “Lockyer found in the spectrum of the
corona other colored lines which he attributed to
the presence of another element, to which ho gave
the name ‘coronium.’ Neither Ramsay nor any
other chemist has yet been able to isolate this
body. Nevertheless, an Italian spectroscopist has

discovered the lines of coronium ifn the gases
thrown out from the crater of Vesuvius, This
bas encouraged physiclans to search for thia

pearl of all the gases, present, past and future,
But this is not all; at the same time other physicists
have had their attention directed to other lines of
the spectrum, and announce that there will next be
discovered two new metala that exist in the sun,
They have given to these elements by anticipation
the names of ‘aurorium’ and ‘nebulum.’ The posi-
tion occupied by these bodies in the atmorepheric
layera of the sun leads these aclentists to think that
they are lighter than hydrogen, * * © For chem.
iste this discovery will be a veritable revolution, In
fact, it will destroy Proust's hypothesis, which
étates that all tho molecular weizhts of bodies are
whole tnultiples of that of hydrogen, However, aa
no trace of rither aurorium or nebulum has yet been
found on the earth, the existence of these elements
{s yet far from conclusive demonstration.”

Courage and Luxury.

From the London Spretator,

Kings have usually been brave as well as Juxuri-
ous. The Roman patriciate was steeped in luxury,
yet provided most of the offivera of the Empire,
while Asiatic #atraps, Jost in enjoyment, will fiebt
as bravely asthe meanest of their followers, Tho
Mahdi was the most sensual of despots, but he met
death on the fleld of battle like a hero of antiqnity

The opinion prevailed tillit began to pervade all
literature, and men, writing from easy chairs,
moaned lengthily over the approaching emascula
tion of the British race, once ao formidable in war,
We shall, we think, hear less of those elewiacs for
some time. All throagh this war the luxurious
classes, not only the aristocrats, who have the pride
of pedigree to sUpport them, but the sons of the
very rich have goue to the front with more than
readiness, have faced the hardships of a campaign
in the desert—very real hardships—with cheery
stoiviam, and have, shen needful, paid their blood-
tax as willingly a4 did ever knights of old. There
are scores of men at the front who, if they had
stayed at home, might have passed lives of un-
broken ease and enjoyment without reproach

 
  
  

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900,

IN S0UTH AFRICA,

 

An unconfirmed report trom Lorenzo Mar-
ques that President Krigor had left Pretoria
for the Free State to confer with President
Steyn, has given riso to a variety of conjectures
none of which hnvean appearance of proba-
bility, Jeast of all that which attributes to
President Krogor the intention of offering to
negotiate for peace, In the first place
there {# no military reason that can
be discerned to justify such a supposi-
tion, The Boer armies have not
been seriously diminished and thoir loss in
artillery hus been more than balanced by their
gains,and after more than four months, one
may say nearly five, but an insignificant por-
tion of the republican territory ia occupied by
the British, who, as yet, only control the
ground they stand on, The Boer expenditure
of ammunition has no doubt been largo, but
the factory at Pretoria is still at work, and
they have considerable stores yet left. There Is
also noscarcity of food, and recent letters from
the Transvaal speak of the crops having been
abundant, the only difficulty having been tn
harvesting on account of the absence of the
men in tho fleld, The native laborers, how-
ever, under the superintendence of the women,
accomplished the work.

Then the second reason why it is extremely
unlikely that the Presidents should offer to
treat for peace is, that not only would they
have to deal with Mr. Joseph Chamberlain and
Sir Alfred Milner, to whose aims they are quite
alive, but the deolaration of Mr. A. J. Balfour,
made a short time ago, that England would not
tolerate any longer the “insolent republics” ts
too fresh to have been forgotten, The only
possible reason why they should ask for terms
at this juncture is that their people
destred it; but of this there is no visible sign,
fp the aense that they aro tired of fighting for
the liberty for which they took up arms. It is
more probable that the conference of the
Presidents, {f one is being held, will be to con-
sider the new phase of the war and the best
way of prosecuting it, Meantime a general
concentration appeara to be taking place and
positions being taken ap in preparation for
the reopening of the conflict. .

By last accounts the British scouts under
Col. Remington had had their Arst encounter
with the Boer advanced posts, and that officer
had his horse shot under him. This took
place to the southeast of Ostontein, Lord Rob-
erts’a present headquarters. The Boer
strength in front of Lord Roberts is not known,
but it is believed to be about 6,000 under the
Commandants Botha, Delarey and De Wet,
with expectations of reénforeements. From
Sterkstroom itis reported that Gen. Gatacre
made a reconnoissance on Friday in
the direction of Stormberg, but retired
after exchanging some shots with the Boer
artiliery, The object probably was to discover
whether Gen. Brabant’s operations about
Jamestown to the eastward and those of Gen.
Clements at Colesberg had had any perceptible
effect on the Boer position at Stormberg. On
Friday the advanced guard of Gen. Clements’s
foree from Colesberg occupied Achtertang, the
Boers having retired to Norvala Pont where
they were intrenching and expected to make
a stand, The alleged report telegraphed to

Jerlin from Jrussels that Mafeking had
been relieved ia manifestly erroneous,
Gen, Snyman commanding the Boer investing
force there having telegraphed on Thursday
to Pretoria that histrenches were within 250
yards of the British lines and that sickness was
rifein the town. In consequence of the forces
on both sides being still in process of forma-
tion and getting up supplies it may be a few
days yet before any serious engagement takes
place, though isolated skirmishes at different
pointe are likely, The railway from Kimberley
north has been put in working order to River-
ton, from where to Fourteen Streams on the
north bank of the Vaal, where the Boers are
said to be strongly Intrenched, is thirty-one
miles,

Contributions for the Boers,

Torne Eprror or Tae Scx—Sir: Contributions
fee requested for the widows and orphaua of the
Boers by the Committee of Afrikander Bond Mem-
bers of the Parlament of Cape Colony, Measrs. N,
F. De Waal, Joseph N. Hoffman, J. H. Hofmeyr,
Thomas P, Theron and D, J, A. Van Zyl, who say

What neither the law nor the duty of the subject
forbids and what, moreover, azreos in every respect
with all principles of religion and humanity, ts the
offering of help to the wounded, to the widows and
tothe orphans. We entreat you to subscribe, When
the war ts concluded there will be hundreds, per-
haps thousands of widows and orphans left quite
unprovided for.”

1 sent $2,000 on Feb, 23 to Mr. C. C. de Villiers,
the honorabie trasurer at Cape Town, but it
should be $200,000,

Qurcite dat, bis dat,

Please send subscriptions to

Grornve W, VAN SicieN, Amerioan Treasurer,
141 Broadway, New York,

  

Max Judd's Appeal for William Steinitz.

To Tar Epiron o* Tur S8ux—Sir: As to raising
afuud forthe support of Steinitz’s family, do not
count mo in, but | would like your assistance to
raise $600—for to pay for his keep for one year in a
private asylum,

A friend of mine, aphysicianin New York, writes
methat he knows of an asylum (private) in New
Jersey, wherein he could place Mr, Steinitz forgloa
week,

I should like to find three other persons, of cheas

clubs, which would send you each $125, I would
then be also gladto send you $125, These $400
would pay for his maintenance for one year in a
private asylim, After arranging for this for one
year, | would ask ycu to assist in Anding twelve par-
ties. who would send you $1,000 each, #0 that you
could place the $12,000 in #@ome trust company
which would tn future pay the asylum wherein
Ste;nitz is placed, $500 a year, 4 per cent, for his
keep, and at bis death return to each subscriber the
$1,000 eubscribed @o that thoae assistimg would
only be ont the interest of the money

One of these twel.e I should take pleasure to be

443) WasuinuTon Ay,, St. Louts, Max Jupp,

The Marguis of Queensberry’s Directions
for His Funeral,
From the London Times.

The will of the late Lord Queensberry has been
lodged in Edinburgh. The codicil runs as follows:
“at my death I wish to be cremated and my ashes
put into the earth inclosed in nothing, earth to
earth, ashes to ashes, in any spot most convenient
T baveloved, Will mention placeato my son, Har-
leyford forchoice. IT particularly request no Chris-
tian mummeries or tomfooleries to be performed
over my grave, but thatI be buried a8 a secularist
and an agnostic. If it will comfort any one, there
are plenty of those of my own faith who would come
and say a few words of common sense over the spot
where my ashes may lie, QUEENSHERRY, January 23,
1805.—Places to lay asbea: The summit of Criffelor
Queensberry in Dumfriesshire; the end of the terrace
overlooking the New Loch, Harleyford, Bucks, No
monument or stone necessary or required, or pro-
ceasion, as ashes can be carried in one person's hand,
Failing these places, any place where the stars shall
ever shed their light and the sun shall gild each
rising morn.”

Man and Mule,

From the Pocahontas Times,

When Fdaward Markham wrote the ‘Man with the
Hoe,” a poem requiring &@ woodcut reproduction of a
great painting, andl thereby stumping the country
papers, we bowed down and published his poem as
worthy to be printed in space not needed for aome

local observation. But now that Mr, Markharr is
goingdown into his barrel for copy and is putting
on the market any old rubbish, we have loat a great
deal of our admiration for the villifierof the agri
culturiat. Markham «lings @ few disjointed sen
tences together, collects cablegram fates and waite
for the next inspiration,

It a Philadeiphia publisher bad ordered a poem on
‘aA Sorrel Mule, for instance, be would have been
supplied by return mail with something like the
following. for which we unhappily cannot find bid-
ders atany price

THE SORRELL MULE,
The color of the sky at sunset-—or of leaves
Just tinged with autuma’s splendid hue;
A mane like grass which bows before the scythe,
And bristles on his tail like stubble tlelds,
Hia voice the deep hoarse bellow of the sea;
‘Tolerance and ej; uity were seated in his mieg,
And in his heels fa where Jove's lightning sat
He mused and meditated, pause! awhile,
And flicked an insect from his deep scarred side,
And grazed upon the herbage round his feet,
Ob hybrid! twenty centuries are bond in thee;
Fleet Araba spurning dew upon the plains;
Wild asses ramping on the Grampian Hills;
While you plough the furrows of the field,
A quadruped tintil into oblivion
‘There sinks with you the Anis of your race,
Ob man! Oh mule! Oh ineffectual blend!
What deep significance we dnd in this,

i

cS ST e

THE SHIPPING BILL,

 

 

———————— —

Its Passage Urged asa Necessity of Amer:

ican Development,
To tHe Eptron or Tne Sun-Sir: The
so-called Ship Subsidy bill before Congress
may be open to criticism in some of its specific

feuturos, but that in general principle it is |

sound and necessary is so indisputable that It
is astonishing to aee opposition to it manti-
fosted even on the part of newspapers in New
York assuming to represent and to defend the
interests of American commerce.
the more amazing that they should bo thus
short-sighted if these same papers hal not
resisted every measure for the rehabilitation of
American commerce since the destruction of
OU. Merchant marine in the Civil War

Until we began the construction of the new
Navy, which has put us in a naval position In
the world #0 enviable and ao essential to our
security, we had fallen from our old high
state toa place almost contemptible in respect
of our ships of war. Our Navy officers were
ashamed to anchor their old tubs in harbors
where they were put in comparison with the
modern naval constructions of other Btates

This now American Navy, tn which every
American takes so great pride, even iff isa
far Westerner who has never seen the sea, was
made possible only because of the wise policy
of past Congresses in remaining unaffected by
acry similarin tone and motive tothat which
is now raised against the present Shipping bill
From 1870 until now “free ships” have been
urged as a logical consequence of the free-
trado doctrine which was prea: hed so tirelessly
upto 1806, Many attempts have been made to
repeal the Navigation laws, and in 1X81 an
amendment for that purpose, substantially,
passed one house of Congress, though
{t would have turned over the building
of the new Navy to British shipyards, It would
also have prevented wholly the development of
American shipyards, which has been so powers
fully assisted by the construction of that new
Navy. The British shipyards, meantime, have
been developed. The policy of the British
Governinent In aiding them to increase and
extend their facilities by reason of contracts
for building great numbers of naval vessels at
prices enabling them to enlarge their
plants to such an extent that, with the excep.
tion of France and this country, these British
shipyards have built a great part of the modern
navies ofthe whole world. Happily, we were
saved from that dangerous dependence in the
case of our new Navy by the refusal of Congress
to yluld to the frevu-trade pressure to repeal the
Navigation laws, Our new Navy is American
built; if that assault had succeeded it would be
British built, if the American people had got a
new Navy at all.

The development of our Navy. however, must
logically, consistently and necessarily be ac-
companied by a parallel development of our
commercial marine if that Navy is to serve its
Proper use and to be kept in efilcieney. The
two must go together, The one can never be
accomplished unless the other goes along with

it. A great merchant marine {s an essential
nucleus of a great Navy, A great
Navy without @ great commerce for it

to protect is hardly @ practical possibility,
A great naval powee which fa not also a
Great commercial power {is scarcely conceiv-
able, When Germany resolved to increase its
strength as a naval power it abruptly changed
{ts policy of free ships and, ten or fifteen yeara
years ago, began to subsidizo German-built
ships and to require that all war vessels
should be builtathome. What has been the
consequence? Germany, in which there was

practically no ship building fifteen years
ago, now ranks next to England in that
fleld. All this has been accomplished
by a policy similar to that of our

present Shipping bill, except that in Germany
the subsidies are much greater and the dis-
crimination against foreign-built vessela is
far more stringent. During the same period
the wise policy adopted by our Congress
Against protests similarin character to those
how made against this bill, in giving to
American shipbuilders the construction of the
new Navy, has brought about an Important
increase of the facilities of our shipyards
which without it would have fallen into peril-
ous decay,

We all know how the Civil War brought
about the substantial destruction of our mer-
chant marine, to the advantage of Great
Iiritain, more especially, This Shipping billis
simply a mothod which ought to have been
used long ago to bring back to us our old place
of dominance on the seas. Such a@ restoration
cannot come to pass except by the adoption of
its poliey, or substantially the policy which has
been adopted by every nation which has eue-
ceeded in making Itaelf a great commercial
power. It 1s conesived for the purpose of
bringing to American ocean-carrying trade
the more than a@ quarter ofa billion dollars
which we are now obliged to pay an-
nually to British ship owners, If, then,
there is any measure before Congress which
more appeals to wise and pradent American
statesmanship than this bil, what{s{t? The
comparatively small subsidies for building
upour merchant marine which would be in-
volved in {ts becoming law would be returned
ultimately a hundred fold and the consequenca
ofits polley in extending our commerce and
extending and strengthening our commercial
relations throughout the world would be of il-
limitable value, A policy of American terri.
torialexpansion which does not also provide
for commercial expansion will be vain.

New York, March 2, CoMMERcE,

Lord Roberts on Prayers Offered in America

To THE Eprron or Thr SuN—Str: I have just
received a private letter from Lord Loberts,
dated "Headquarters, Cape Town, South Africa,
Jan, 30, 1:00," in which he acknowledges hia
full appreciation of prayers offered in America
{n his behalf, and he adds; "The enclosed will,
I venture tothink, interest you, and I trust that
the ‘Short Prayer for the Use of Soldiers in the
Field,’ composed by my friend, the Archbishop
of Armagh, may, under God's blessing, be a
comfort and help toall serving in South Africa,”

Whatever opinions the American people may
have regarding the respective rights of the
Doers and the British, | think this eommuni-
cation will show that Great Britain's grand old
Trish General is.a8 much animated with adesire
to serve God as President Krager himself, [
forward to you the enc'osures,

A BRITISH PX-CHAPLAIN,
Aumy Hrapovarrers, |
Cape Town, Jan. 28, 100, | (

Dear Str: Tam desired by Lord Roberts to ask you
to be so kind as to distribute to allranks under your
commandthe “Short Prayer forthe Use ot Soldiers
in the Field” by the Primate of Ireland,
which I now forward,

His Lordship earnestly hopes it may be help?ul
to all of her Majesty's @oldiers who are now serving
in South Africa. Yours faithfully, ss

NEVILLE CHaMpeRiaty. Colonel
Private Secretary,

copies of

T° THR OFFICER ComMannrya.
Note, Acopy ofthe prayer ta being sent to avery
Britiab soldier in South Africa, :

SHORT PRAYER

For the Use of Soldiersin the Field By the Archd shor

of Armagh, dtrima'e of Ireland,

Almighty Father, Ihave often sinned against Thee
O wash me tn the precious blood of the Lamb. ¢
God, Fill ma with Thy Holy Spirit that I may lea!
anew life, Spare me to see again those whom I Jos
at home, or ft me for Thy presence in peace,

Strengthen us to quit our-elves Mke men in our
right and great cause, heep us faithful unto death,
calm in danger, patient in suffering mereiful as well
as brave, true to our Queen, Our country, and our
colora,

If it be Thy will, enable us to win victory for } ng
land; but, above all, grant us the better vir tory over
temptation and sin, over life and leath, that we may
be more than conquerors t igh Him who loved
us and laid down His life for us, Joeus onr Saviour,

 

the Captaimsof the Army of God
Amen
Tur Patacer, Armagh, Dec. 24, 1AvY.

Appeal to the Christian World.

Torar Fortor or Tue Sry r Why
the Christian World arise in its

does not
indignation and de-

mand of Great Britain that she withdraw herarmies
frow the Transvaal’ The Boers are intelligent peo
ple, They have & government that i satisfactory to
themselves, and Which they are willing to defend

with the last drop of their blood and thetr last dol
lar oftreasire, If that government ia not satisfac
tory to wold and diamond-erazed Fuciishmen why

do they not stay away? L. L, Witte,
Rocwestes, Feb, 24,

 

It would be |

 

      

ARY NOTES,

  

 

Before ita shipment to Paris this week,
Robert Reid hoa been exhibiting at the Gibson
building, in East Thirty-third street, a mural
painting which isto be placed In the United
States pavillion atthe Paris Exposition, Itlea
large canvas, about twenty-six feet long and
seven or eight feet high, and the subject in eo
many words,/s America lifting a velland dise
closing the strength in her sofl andin her
people, The work has been executed in a very
short tine, nomora than six weeks having
been spent upon it by the artist, for the come
mission Was given ata very late date and it
Was required tobe finished the 1st of March,
Mr. Reid is a good man in an emergency, as he
isa rapid worker, and this decoration seems
complete enough for its purpose, Seen at close
view in the studio, it, of course, looks harsher
in color than it will when in place in the Duilde
ing at Paris, but the color scheme is pitched {a
a high key very properly, and the effect of the
work in ensemble is sufficiently impressive,
“America” is the central, but not the most
prominent figure inthe main group of three
female figures in thé middle of the compost
tion, She is seen within the envelopa of the
vell with the red and white stripes, and a patch
of the blue of the flag cleverly worked in with
it, while on hor left (the spectator’s right) ape
pears “Electricity” symbolized by a gracefal
nude figure erect, and on her left is “Steam,”
another nude figure, with one knee on the
ground, Near her is a forge and anvil, and
clouds of steam aro pictureaquely brought
into the environment of the group. On the
spectator’s right from the centre js @ mai
groupconsisting of a workman, a young woman
and a boy with a large book, tho whole typifye
ing “Manufactures and Education.” Back of
this group are the walls and chimney of a face
tory, At the extreme right isa vegress with
cotton plants and an orange tree growing near
her. On the speculator’s left from the centre
the main group consists of a young husbande
man, & mother with a babe at her breast anda
girl with a basket of fruits. This group syme
bolizes “Agriculture and Productiveness,” At
the extreme left {san Indian with a stalk of
corn and some pumpkins and nearby grows an
applo tree, A tall building of the skyscraper
order of architecture occupies a place in the
background in this left side of the composition,
The rest of the space is filled with well-dise
posed masses of foliage and a light blue esky,
There are several interesting morceaux in the
painting, especially the nude figure which
stands for electricity, This is charming in type
and graceful in action, Each of the aide groups
{s good in composition,

This will be the only mural painting in the
United States building except the ornament
and pattern work by Mr. Elmer E. Garneey,
and seeing what bas been on the whole eo well
done in a great hurry causes regret that Come
missioner-General Peck could not have seen
his way clear to setting aside a reasonable sum
of money for artistic decoration of the building
and given out commissions at least a year ago
to five or six of our artists whose achievements
in this line have of late justly received so much
praise.

In the Liberal Arta building at the Paris Exe
position agmall structure has been erected at
the crossing of the two avenues which inter-
sect the American section, and for four opens
ings in its corners commissions were given to
leading atained glass artists in New York to
make windows, One of these has just been
completed by J. & 1, Lamb and is on exhibl-
tion at their rooms, 23 Sixth avenue, The sube
ject of this window is “Religion” and the
design is by Charles R, Lamb, the architect,
who designed tha Dewey Arch, and his brother,
Frederick 8. Lamb, A filguro of Religion, a

 

young woman, is seated on a sort of
throne in the centre of the composi.
tion supported on the spectator’s left by

a malo figure typifying the “Church Militant,”
andonthe right by afemale figuretyplfying the
“Chureh Triumphant.” These stand on the
branches of the tree of life, whieh fills the
background, The inscriptions, including one
at the bottom of the window, “I have sent mine
angels to bear testimony,” are in French,
Some diMeult problems in glass have been
attacked by the artists in this windowand sua.
cessfully solved, The general effect ta axe
ceedingly pleasing and the colors in detail are
excellent,

Yesterday afternoon the committee charged
hy the art societies of New York to erect the
Richard M. Hunt memorial, which now stande
on Fifthlavenue opposite the LenoxLAbrary.met
at the studio of Mr, Daniel C. French to inspect
the two flgures that remain to be placed on the
monument, They have just been Anished by
Mr. French Poth are young women, one syme
bolizing “Architecture,” and the other “Patnte
fax and Senlpture.” They will be cast in
bronze and put in place, it ia hoped, at an early
date when the publie will be able to see them,
Mr. French has reached his usual high level in
these two beautitul creations and they will be
a very fine addition to the outdoor sculpture
in the city,

 

Bishop Doane of Albany on the Bill te
Punish Adultery.

To tHe Eptror or Tue Sun—Sir: An edle
torial in THE Sun of Wednesday, headed "The
Church, the State and Marriage and Divorce,”
deals in part with the bill introduced by Sanae
tor Elisworth making adultery a misdemeanor,
Te Sun had evidently not aeen the bill, which
avoids the fixing of any expressed penalties,
but leaves that tothe general statements of the
Denal Code as to what penalty shall beattached
to what is deflned as a misdemeanor. It is @
mistake also to imagine that the bill was
drafted by me, Iam very much interested in
its passage and am sorry to see THe Sun
taking ground against the bill. Itis quitetrue
that the Church ought to deal with this sin,
both in its religious teaching and in its ecelee
slustical discipline, But the fact fs thatall Ine
fluences that can be vught to be brought te
bear. not so much to punish as to prevent the
sing of unfaithfulness and their terrible issues,
The three influences which can do this are the
Church, the State and Society, and all three
ought to work together,

I have nothing to do just now with the queme
tion of divoree and remarriage, which ts quite
a different question from this. Even here,
State lawexists and needs to be made more
atriet, Butthe point at issue with which this

Lill deals iatwo-fold, In the first plate, to mark
withthe stampof the State’s disapproval, the
sin itself. The argument that it may give ope
portunity for blackmail ie certainiy a very une
ortunate one and should influences only sue
parsons as are afraid, from lack of innocegpe,
the operation or the law,

The bill itself provides that the eonvietion
under the Code eannot be had “on the unsore
roborated testimony of the person with hom
the offence is charged to have been committed,
The theory that men cannot be made moral
lawiatraus, bat used as an argument again t
this bill it proves too much: sinee the immo;
itiesof drinkenness and uncontrolled passion

  

 

are specitie! in the Penal Code as crimes,
At sa positive faet that the absence of any
1 wn ofthis sortin the Penal Code of the

t ‘

tute of New York has, In two cases that have
eon brought tomy knowledge (and I have no
doubt in very many more), made New York a
piace of resort tor men who cannot, in the
other States, go unpunished, while they persist
in their shameful lives. Surely it is not to b
endured, that New York should be behind al
other States in the Union, with perhapa one
single exception, inthe moral standard which
she declares in her Penal Code,

WILLIAM CRosweit Doaym

ALBANY, March 2,

S
t

 

 

 

 

Blackballed,

To To Fvrror oy THe Son—Sir la J.J. Tooth
aker, & pedagogue of Namsos, Minn, almitted te
your galazy? Joun B. Pratt.

New Yous, March 2,

Admitted,

To THF Forror o7 larior Hikus
is Secretary of a musical and literary clubin Amas
eonia, Mon IPO,

Kase Onanor, N.J., March 2

Tur Sux—Sir

West Virginia,

From the New Ovr'ean

West Virginia now leads in ot] production, end
Tanks third as acual-producing State,

Times Democrat,

New Orieana's Greatest Carnival,
From the Times Democrat
New Orleans had a larger number of visitore this
year than during any previous Carnival,

-—~

 

}