a

LAWLESS SUN BOYCOTTERS,

HOPK/ £88 WAR WAGED BY A FOR-
MER 10 PER CENT, OF ITS FORCE,
Pemanal Abuse of ‘‘Sun’’ Employees and
“Kun? Advertisers — Lying Documents
ent Out by the Thousands Women
Hired to Lie and to Intimidate Mer-
chante by Threats tou Withdraw Patron-
age Methods Adopted by the Conapir-
Would Injure ‘The Sun.”

 

ators Who

On the night of Aug. 5, 18), the printers in
theemploy of THr Sun left thelr work and
walked out into the street. It was nearly 10
o'clock In the evening, Al! the early part of
the evening bad been wasted by these men in
alleged argument as to whether they should go
on strike, and practically no work had been
done, The order to leave their work was given
by an officer of the Typographical Union
known as Big Six, a person not in the employ
of Tuk SuN; and at his behest the men walked
ouP,

‘The frankly avowed purpose of this Individ-
wal, of the Typographical Union and of the
men who had for yeare been in Tue Sun's om-
ploy was to stop the publication of this paper
temporarily at least, and, if necessary to gain
thelr ends, to ruinthe property absolutely,

Bmployees of Tae Sun turned in,
through their efforta even the temporary 81s8-
pension of publication which seemed almost
@ertain and which the printers said was abso-
Jutely unavoidable was averted,

Thr SUN quickly recovers! from the tempo-
rory embarrassment which followed the strike
of the employees tn tta composing room, anid
from that date to this {t has conducted {ts own
bustnese in ite own way and free of the dom!-
pation of the lawless conspirators who, under
the guise of labor unfonism, sought its ruin,

Except to set forth the facts that lad up tothe
essault on the paper, Tar SUN has had practic-
ally nothing to say of the difMfculty in the past
seven months. In the meantime, it and itsem-
ployees and business men who have found it
to their advantage to use its columna for ad-
vertising have been the subjects of the most
viclous assaults that the members of Typo-
graphical Union Nos, were capable of devising,
Every known method of annoyance has been
resorted to, not excepting physical violence, and
lying and slander have been the daily weapons
employed.

In an article printed a month after the strike
Qn AuN showed just what sort of an organ!2-
ation “Big Bix” was by displaving it as it was
fn operation in the offices of all the newspapers
in New York city except Tur Sun, the Evening
Fost and the Brooklyn Eagle,
opened the eyes of the general public to the

 

and |

| efforts had been made to destroy the circula-
tion of Tae BuN, Newsdealera were bom-
barded with threats aud sometimes there was
open violence. They were forbidden to handie
THESUN, Men went around and seized the
papers on newsstands and tore them up. In |
| ome Cases dealers were frightened into de-
clining to handle the paper, But that wasa |
game that two could play, Tug Sun's readers,
' unsolicited, took a band init, When a dealer
refused to provide THe Sun, Tue SUN reader
rofused to buy any other papers of him,

This utterly hopeless boyeott was carried to
the advertising patrons of Tum Suv, Union
labor generally was appealed to, Thous@ads
vupon thousan's of documents full of sian-
der and ycious lying were cireulated, The
trend of it was that the former = em- |
ployees of Tue SUN were locked out and
hence were entitled to the sympathy of
union labor. Merchants were threatened with
the absolute withdrawal of all union labor pat-
ronage if they advertised, Every person who
advertised in THe Sun was visited by com-
mittees and wes threatened, Besides the com. |

 

Mittees they were besieged with letters, some-
times as many aa fifty or a hundred a day being
received, These were signed with fictitious
names. Women wrote:

“TL see that you advertise in Tuk SuN. T have
been acustomer of yours for fifteen yeors, In
thattime I have spent thousands of dollars in
your store, Tama believer {n unton labor and
THE SUN employs unaerpald ‘scab’ labor, I
will never buy another dollar's worth of goods
of you if you advertise again in Tue Sus.”

That ls istasample, Tho writers of many
of these were run down. They were persons
who had never had hundreds of dollara, let
alone thousands, in many instances they had
neverin thelr lives been inside the stores to
| whose owners they sent the appeals,

visit merchants personally with appeals anda
regular corps of women was employed to go
into stores and purchase one, two, or three
hundred dollars’ worth of guoda. After the pur-
chases were made, they would gay, “Oh, by the
way, do you advertise in Tum Sun?” On being
told that the merchant did advertise in THe
Sun these women would
order they had given.

countermand the
They were persons tn

| Many instances whose total incomes for a year

That articlo |

workings of a trades union drunken with the |

power of a monopoly, The purpose of tho
present article is to give to Tur Sun's readers
some idea of the lawlessness practised by
Typographical Union No.6 an! some idea of
the methods which have been employed and are
to-day employed in the utterly vain hope that
their original intention, the destruction of
Tus &uyn, may be accomplished.

In order that the reader may fully appreciate
the situation, itis necessary to review briefly
the facts which preceded and accompanied the
strike.

Tue Sun had in ita employ in the neighbor-
hood of two hundred compositors, It had and
bas on Its payroll more than two thousand reg-
ular employees, The 2(¥) deciared themselves to
be “the working force” of Tae Sun, and they
made fronclad rules to govern the mechanical
department of the paper.
eollected money which they did net earn; they
forced the employment only of men who were
members of their union; they attempted to
drive out into the street the widows and daugh-
ters of men who had in their lives been mem-
bers of the aame union and whose employment
by Tur 8uN was nothing more than charity,

When THe Sun decided to use type-casting
machines in place of hand composition and se-
lected its own machines instead of those in
vase In other offices these man sought to make
the use of the machine so expensive that it
would be impossible for economical reasons to
continue its use, Every paper in the city used
@ type-casting machine known asthe Linotype.
The machine that THF Sun adopted was known
asthe Monotype. It wasin two parte—a per-
forating machine and a casting machine.
Sun employed printers to do the part of the
work that was the printer's part, It employed
machiniata to attendto the part of the work
that was done by the casting machine and that
by noatretch of the imagination could becalled
@prister'’s work. One machinist was abloeto take
eure of three machines,

The printers’ union demanded that Tre
Bow should employ a printer on every casting
machine, besides a printer on every perforat-
{ng machine, thus making THe Sun machines
cost twice as much as the machines used by
other papers. This and other blackmail was
Gubmitted to.

A committee from the unton, selecting a Sat-
urday night when every oflcer of the assovia-
tion owning the paver was out of reach, came
to the office with certain agreements to be
signed. They were informed, as werathe men,
that there was no officer of the association In
the olty and that there was no person with
@uthority to sign any paper that would
Dind the newspaper one way or the other
It made no difference. They demanded
that the paper be signed, or the men
wouldn't work. The impossibility of anything
ofthe kind heing signed that night was ex-
plained, Unsuccessful efforts were made to
reach the officers of the corporation. The men
were assured that every man who stuck to the
paper had a life position. They were asked
merely to wait until the following day, when it
was belleved an offictal of the association
would be In the oMlee who had the legal right
to sign or refuseto sign the papers presented,
They sald that wouldn't do, and at 10 o'clock at
night they quitted the office, not having done
any work for two hours, and the time of their
quitting being within two hours of the time
the paper should go to press,

Briefly, these are the facts which preceded tha
eampaign of vilification and alander that has
been going on for seven months, First of all,
after these 200 of Tus 8uN's 2,000 employees
gave up their places Tae Sun was declared to
bea “rat” office anda “acab” sheet, The
persons employed by the paper were declared
to be “scabs.” Then came assaults anid
violence. Men employed by the paper
were held up and beaten. They were followed
to thelr homes and beaten on their
very doorsteps. The assaults were not con-
fined to the employees alone. A young man
leaving the office one night was set upon by
half a dozen thugs and waa knocked down and
kicked about the street. He had noconnection
whatever with the so-called strike or with Tag
Buy. Readers of the paper were insulted and
biackguarded. A most flagrant case was that
of a Brooklyn lady riding in a car reading a
copyof Tue Sun. A burly fellow accosted her
thus:

“What do you read that paper for? Don't
you know that nobody buta ——- would be
seen with a copy of that paper?”

The former employees, who had given up
their places against the entreaties of the busl-
ness manager, wore haile! as “locked-out”
employees, Tho city was placarded with
lying cireulara announcing that THe Sun
had looked out its employees and em-
plored “scab” labor. The object of this
was to catch public support through sym-
pathy. Unable to drive away by violence
and assault the self-respecting men who
remained in Tue Sun's employ, or who en-
tered that employ after the strikers had left,
the printers’ unton tried other methods, Efforts
Were even made to break up families. Com-

mitteos called on the wives ofemployees and |

informed them in brutal fashion that their
husbands were really not working on Tne
Kun, but were consorting nightly with vile
women In houses of ill-fame.
brutal, and innocent women were
suffer because their husbands accepted em-

ployment that provided food and sheiter for |

them,
Then began the most utteriy hopeless boy-
Seth thas was eves wstituted. From the frst,

THE |

By these rulesthey |

| are appearing constantly, purporting to bathe

Would not amount to the single day's purchase
which they pretended to make.

Other women were employed to dress in rags
and goaround arousing sympathy. One woman
to whom the proposition was made reported the
matter to THe Sux. Tho proposition was
to pay her a regular weekly salary. She
was to gointo ble dry-goods stores and into
other places that advertised in Tug Suv,

|
|
|
!
|
Women !n the employ of the union z
|

She was to wear ragged dresses, and
once inside was to weep piteously and
attract attention to herself When she
got a crowd around she was to tell
a pitiful story, She was to say she was |

the wife of a locked-out SUN printer. He had |
be4én out of work for seven months and was |
now sick on his back. There was no food in |
the house and her five poor children were
actually starving, The last stick of furniture |
and the last piece of clothing had been pawned
for food and now thery was only etarvation
staring the family inthe face. For doing this
the woman wus to get a union printer's wages,
When threats and sympathy dodges have |
failed advertisers have been appealed to in
other fashions, Committees have waited upon
them and informed them that they were being
swindied by Tne Sun, that its circulation had
dropped to practically nothing. To prove this |
they have produced alleged reports from news-
dealers~whole sheets of them, They would not
give the names of the dealers, but would desig-
natethem bynumber, For instanee Dealer No,
42 the report would say sold 120 Suns before
the strike, Sales for the past week average
3, loss 117, Dealer No, 48 sold 260 Svuvys
before the strike. Sales for the past week 11,
losa 24; and 80 on. Thera would beona
Single sheet the report of from twenty to
forty alleged newsdealers, all ofthem fictitious,
The men who carried around these reports
wero ready to take oath as to their truth.
Thousands upon thousands of cards have
been gotten up and circulated, and new cards

 

advertising cards of advertising bureaus
One issued only yesterday bore on the face
the words “Compliments of the Up-to-date
Advertising Bureau of New York.” and on the
other side a table purporting to give the eircu-
lation of the various papers, Tuk Sun's cireu-
lation is put ata ridiculous figure and starred

| and then follows:

‘*The appalling shrinkage inthe Circulation
and Advertising of THE Sus is due to its fight
against Organized Labor. THE SUN conducted
a Union Office for nearly half a century prior to
Aug. J. On that date it supplanted its
organized foreea by locking out over $00
printers, members of Typographical Union No

 

6, many of whom had been in the employ of
THE Sun for over thirty years,’
While these appeals are made to advertisers

printed a weekly paper full of the most violent
vicious personal attacks on the managers and
the employeesof THe SUN. A favorite asaer.
tion is that men are working for starvation
wages, that THe Sun is grinding down its em-
ployees. Asto this THE SUN prints the follow.
ing statement made by its own employees in

the composing room in their own fashion:
A Statement.

To controvert the false and malicious state-

! ments circulated by Typographical Union

tact, here io reside and make our tuture
|

Nothing was too |
made to |

No, 6 of New York City, either in circular

form or by representatives in persun, we,

|
|
|
by employees of the union, that organization
the employees of the New York SUN, at

whom these statements are aimed, take
this means of refuting the dastardly at-
tacks on our honor, our homes, our abtlity,
our credit, and all that we hold dear and
sacred, and stand, each of us, individually,
on our reputations as good citizens, able
workmen and worthy of the respect and con-

fidence of those with whom we come in con-

homes, and be judged according to our acts,
and not by what our avowed enemies, to
gain their selfish ends, would have us appear
to be.
Furthermore the same Typographicai
Union states that we are underpad and over-
worked, and as such are slaves; that we can-
not live up to the position society expects of
a. printer; that we cannot and do not pay
bills; that we are the flotsam and jetsam of
the trade, glad to accept the pittance Tip
SUN We

understood that we receive the same wages

offers us. want it emphatically
that were paid the Un‘on employees of Tir
Sun prior to August 5th, 1599, namely, 50
cents per 1,000 ems for piece work, and $27
per week for time work, 45 hours constituting
a week.

We would also have it understood that
piece hands work from five tos'x days per
week, and are obliged to be at their frames from |
6P. M. until2 A.M. If they put in more
hours it is at their own desire, ‘Time hands |
are paid a cent a minute for over-time. Any

| employee can work as many hours as he de

 

sires.

This statement of time and wages we desire |
| to incorporate in this petition es a matter of
justice to ourselves and to THe Stun,

Furthermors we are fully satisfied with

| B. F. MORRISON,

$1
our wages, our hours of labor, and our treat | theatrical drm,

ment get erally; we intend to hold our posi-
tions as long as possible.

For six months we have been subjected to
the vilest imputations in public places by
members of the Typographical Union. We
have seen their literature abusing us scattered
about and pasted everywhere; been villified,
condemned, threatened, personally attacked,
For six months we have stood this, until for

bearance has ceased to be a virtue. Now, as

a body of men, we respectfully present this
petition to the New York SUN, and ask that
it unbend from its dignity and give publicity

to this paper as it may best see fit.

{Signed}
FRED 1, HOFFMAN, A. N, SCOTT
FRED VAN HOES!N, W. H. HUNT,
J. W. WILLIAMS, JAS. A. MACIVOR,
LOUIS LEIPZIGER, A.J. MORRISSEY,
H. SPELLMAN, GEORGE W. DU FRANE,
C. RAFF, BB. WEA THERWAX,
H. A. PENN, S.J. DOOLEY,
W. B. POWELL J.P. ZIMMERMAN,
H. SABEL, Jr., GERALD F. BUTLER,
PETER LYNCH, Jn, D. MCHUGH,
W. TRAUTWEIN, F. M. SIMONS,
H.R. P. LESH NER, J.G.NEALL,
J.J. MORKISSEY, J. WATKINS
WILL MH. TOOKER, O.C, HENKELMANN,
M.S. BRENNAN, RM STURGEON,
J.D. WEAVER, D. F, KEITH,
W. LL. DICKINSON, J. HW. ARMSTRONG,
F. LEE, FRANK F. SLATER,
H. CRAIG DARE, ANDREW GILCHRIST,
ARTHUR B. BAKER, J. ACKERSON,
JOIIN W. PENN, R. F. POTTS,
J. Gd. BYRNES, MH. DE LANGUILLETTE,
GEORGE £ RINES, CHRIS, ROSE,
RALPH J. GROFF, FE. H. VAN HOESEN,
FREDERIC B. JONES, S.W. MCLANE,
T. W. HORNER, C. BARRETT,
J. F. FRANCIS, F.E. WHORTON,
GEO, W. DICKRY, J. FITZGERALD,
DAVID FITZGERALD, R.W. BENTLEY,
ADELBERT O. BETTS, GEO. B. RICH,
W. J. WILLIAMS, A. R. ARMSTRONG
W. H. ROBINSON, F. J. TABOR,
JOHN V. DAVIS FRED FRAYER,
BENJ. DECASSERES, HENRY CHAMPNESS,
GEO. W. DALEY, F. G. HARTWELL
J. M. DOUGLASS, J.D. POLLARD,
C. VAN NAME, A. S, MOFFAT
B. W. JACKSON FB. STOUT,
GkO. D PILGRIM, J R. WOLVEN,
M. J HORAN, HENRY TURNER
THOS. A. ROSSITER, C.C, CLEARY,
J. L. BEERS A. F. WAINRIGHT,

   

J. BL HAVILAND, CHAS, C, MAYER,
A. SATTERTHWAITE, ANDREAS KLAIBER,
JOHN E. PLEMING, JAMES MAGEE
¥F. B. FREEMAN MARTIN LYNCH,
J. MILTON UNANGST, LUCIEN GIRARD

| C. MILLER CLARK, WILLIAM MCELROY,
ARTHUR HEATH HARRY PARNUM,
LOUIS HALDERREID, EF. BREIL
JH. BOWRING D. K. HORNER,
STEPHEN AVERILL, L.J. BENEDICT
C,H. MILLER G. BS. MEAD

BEN STERLING,
GEORGE A. CORPREW
FRANK A, WHITE,
C,H. FERELLO,

CHAS, P. CAMPBELL,
CHAS, GRIMM,
JAMES O'DONNELL,
ARTHUR SEIFRIED,
WM. M. FAIRBANK,

JAS. THOMPSON

JOR. ROWLAND
MAWRICE MOORE,

A. HAUGHTLIN, JR,
JE. GONZALEZ,

F. A. MILLS,
ARTHUR ©. ENGLISH,
CHARLES J. CURRAN.

Ww. ¢. TURNER GEO, R. STACEL.

H BUTTERWORTH JL. SIMON |
OAKLEY FREEMAN, F. LL. HOVATE, |
GEORGE H. GELDER. WILKIN BOOKSTAVER |

These ‘acts will give to THe SUN readers some
idea of the lawleas methods that a union once
vontro!ling 200 out of 2,000 of THe Stun's em-
ployees haa resorted to and is resorting to at

| the presenttime, Itis to such methods as these

that the Wanamaker style of man gives way
and virtually approves by withdrawing his
advertising from THE Sun,

The action of the Wanamaker firm {fs the
Jess easy to understand when It Is known that
{t has declared openly to us and to a majority
of the publishers of the New York dally newse |
papers that THe Sun was by far the most
valuable advertising medium in New York,
and that the returns from it were quicker and
more certain than they were from any other
paper. Indeed, these assertions on the part of
the resident partner have been both generous

| and frequent, and there are many to teatify to

ARRAIGNED IN HIS UNDERCLOTHES,

Prisoner Said He Was Too Ill to Dress and
the Police Took Him as He Was,

Otto Lichtenstein of 105 Monroe street was
arrested Friday night by Polleeman Sheehan
of the Madison street station, charged with |
disorderly conduct. He was bailed out shortly
afterward by his father

Policeman Sheehan went tothe Fssex Market
police court yesterday and said: “Your Honor,
this pr soner asserts that he is toosick to come
toeourt, An ambulance surgeon from Gouver-
neur Hospital examined him and sald that he
was only shamming.”

“He ia not shamming,” said the prisoner's
father. “He is too sick to come to court.”

“If he ia shamming then bring him tocourt,”
directed the Magistrate.”

Policeman Sheehan got a patrol wagon and
with three other policemen went to Lichten-
etein'’s apartmenta, They returned shortly
afterward with Lichtenstein and carried him
into court, The prisoner was dressed only In
his underelothing and had no stoexings on his
feet. They stood him uP against He rail fac.
ing Magistrate Poo! e was unable, appar-
ently, to stand and dropped to the floor Was.
istrate Pool ordered the policemen to carry
Lichtenstein home again, The case was ad-
Journed until next Tuesaday afternoon

Magistrate Pool said that when the polfee
informed him that Liehtenstein was shamming
{Ilness, he very properly ordered tham to bring
the prisoner to eourt. He had no idea, he
explained, that they would bring him tothe
court without properel thing. The policemen
declared that_they acted on the orders of the
Magistrate, They said the prisoner refused to
put on his clothes, and that they were otliged
to bring him to court as he was,

them,
|
|

 

CLEVELAND, TNE BUVFALO BULL,

William C, Whitney's Gift to the New Zo-
ological Park.

The ZoSlogical Soctety has received, by gift
from William C, Whitney, a large buffalo bull
from the Austin Corbin herd at Blue Mountain
Park, N. H. Cleveland, the name of the
neweomer, was purchased by the late
Austin Corbin from “Buffalo” Jones of Kansas,
On June 2. 1843, Cleveland killed another
buffalo bull namet Stevenson in the Corbin
herd Last winter he attacked a five-year-old
bull and threw the animal over at's foot fenee,
Cleveland hates horses and haa killed one,
whose rid or escaped by Jumping over @ stone
wal Tia animal is econtro!led by means of a
siee] prod set inthe end ofa pole, without the
use of which he is very unruly. His weight is
about 1.8600 pounds, He i917 years old

Atthe ZoSlogical Park he has been placed tn
the breeding range, but afteratime he will be
turned in with the remain jerofthe herd, and
ifhe behaves properly will be allowed to re-
main there,

Tho Rev. Mr. Weikert Resigns.

The Rev. Samuel A. Weikert, rector of Christ
Episcopal Church, Poughkeepsie, N. Y., has
not Jed Bishop Potter's secretary of his retire. |
mentfrom the rectorship which he has held
since 1804, Mr. Welkert has accepted acall to |
a church in Paterson, It was in Mr
Weikert’s church in Poughkeepsie that Bishop
Potter performed the ceremony of deposing
the Rev. Dr. Beniamin fF, De Costa from the
ministry of the Protestant Episcopal Church,

Reception at the Mothers and Babies’
Hospital.

 

The managers of the Mothers and Bables’
Hospital are to hold their annual reception on
Tuesday afternoon at the hospital, Lexington |
ayenue and Fifty-seeond street, The hospital

at reesent eripp ed through lack of funds
‘ntto carry on ite charitable work toits |
teapacity, Cootributions are therefore

 

 

Actor Heury Lee Bankrupt.

Henry Lee, actor, of the Broadway Theatre, |
has tied a petition in bankruptey with known
Habilities $5,354 and ten claims for printing,
merehandias, salary, commisstons and medical
services, His assets consist of clothing, S100;
wigs, &. $150, which are exempt, cash in bank |

- 8nd aclaim for one week's ealary against a |

|

| September twenty-four teachers were appr

 
 

CAPECELATRO'S SPELCH
AT CIPUA,

CARDINAL
FOR UNWY

Ultra-Clericals Stirred Up— Diastntegration
of Italy and Restoration of — the
Pope's Temporal Power, They Say, Are
What Italy Needs France Threatened,

Rome, Feb, 16.—The organs of the Triple Al-
llance have given of late extraordinary impor.
tance toaspoeach by Cardinal Capecelatro on
the love of country and the “reconciliation” be-
tween the Vatican andthe Quirinal
acteriatic fathomless ignorance other journals
have gone even beyond them, “Liberal”
ideas, a vague and abstract humanitarianism,
the lack of positive direction, the preponder-
ance of philosophic theories over the care of
material make of forelgn policies
something indeiinable, It isa strange con)une-
tion of geometry and doctrinuirlam, Hence the
excitement of mind,the enthusiasm tn the pres-
ence of episoles in which “national” egotism
can be the aole rule of conduct, The Arch-
bishop of Capua's speech, to which a higher
importance isso generously attributed, is re-
garded atthe Vatican asamere literary exer-
else for the opening of the school year at the
Seminary

A delivate and elegant writer, ignorant of
matters of general scope, a prolifie biographer
of suints, much more Cardinal Bembo or
Sacolet than like Leo XIE. librarian of the
Vatican, for ha has preserved tnate for
atudy, Cardinal Capecelatro never
ceived a political mission from Kome. A
friend of the late Father Tosti and a brother
of aformer Minister of the Quirinal, he wishes
for peace between the two powers, Who does
not pray for that great reconciliation! Weal
think of it; it is the noble and sweet ideal
dream that we find at cur bedsides, at
the foot of the crucifix, at the desk, in the
long walks when our minds embrace in atreer
wilder gauze the outlines and the laws of affairs,
Leo NIL, has made of it the central point of
his government,

Until 1887, he had concentrated his efforts
Upon peace with the powers, for the policy of
peace seemed to tim the guarantee for the
recovery of the City. When on the cecasion of
the Carolines affair, he signed with Herr von
Bismarck the end of the Aulturkampf, Leo
XILJ. ina celebrated speech, invited the Qulr-
{nal to reconciliation. Thea House of Savoy
spurned the appeal, Itinsisted that abdication
shoul] be the price of the modus vrivendi, At
that critical moment, at that turning point In
the Papal policy, Leo XLIL. was able to see into
the very depths of the question,

He came toa fullsense of the real meaning
ofthe Government which has ita seat in the

interests,

ike

hos

has

presence of and in opposition to the greatness |

of the Papal Tiara. Ha jearned beyond all
doubt that “Roma Capitale” rests upon the
aliiance with schismatic England and with
Lutheran Germany; that it owes its life
to the dualism of Italy and the Papal
power; that the usefulness of the Holy
See means the abasement of the House
of Savoy; that the monarchy will not evacuate

the Patrimony of St, Peter, save after a revo-
iution or a disastrous war; in a word, Leo XIII,
b-came convinced that the enjoyment of ma-

would be the price of peace,
fundamental interests of the
Papacy, the rights and safety of universal
Catholicism demand inevitably that Rome
eha'! be restored to the Pope as his base of
action, the foundation of his visib'e indepen-
denee, the guarantee of his dignity and his
prestige.

The dwelling together of the "two halves of
God” at Rome presupposes the effacement of
the one. Neither the Holy See, an interna-
tional power, nor the monarchy, the keystone
of the present Government, could stoop tosuch
dependence, Either the Pope must abandon
the sacred pomerium, bearing with him in the
folds of hia white robe the liberty of souls and
the respect forall rights, or the dynasty must
withdraw to Floreneea, making of the inde-
pendence of the Vatican the pedestal on which
it may erect its future, its security and its
greatness

After he saw thia Leo XIII. gave up his daz-

terial conquest
whereas the

 

 

zine dream With his superior practical
sense, Jealous of the glory of the Holy See and
yearning for the good, for the ideal and for
peace, he looked about him forthe conditions of
an adequute poucy, He found them in Christian
democracy, that ancient treasure of Italy,
where the polities of the people kept abreast
withthe Commune system; that Government

of liberty and of overflowing life, that matrix of
cisalpine civilization, that breeder of riches, of
art, of literature and of faith. The Italy of the
Hundred Cities; the wonderful Middle Ages

and the Renaissance, where Individuality took
undreamed-of development; the towns,
one of which has a history of Its own and has
created a civilization, all these have formed the
most attractive and most variegated country in

the world, Did not these glorious realities
spring from the local life as the flower from its
stem?

The provineial tendencies, which are marked
in the North, in Sicily and everywhere, the
contempt which the cities profess for each
other, the pitiful results of the mathematically
arian system, literature industry
failing, commerce disappearing, universal
poverty walling on every road, the nameless,
silent decadence spreading like a pall—are not
these the signs of an inevertable evolution?

Leo XIIL, therefore, is building up again
the cellular process of the old democracy, So
long as the organs live and breathein the full
national life, resurrections are possible, Two
facts may be taken as certain: IIrst, nothing
will modify the Pope's line of conduct, and,
second, Rome will see reconciliation only on
the day when circumstances have removed
from the City the monarchy and the Govern.
ment ‘
natural city, for it i» the asylum of a cosmo-
politan power ’

Cardinal Capecelatro's speech therefore has
no intrinsic significances, Ido not care to go
Into the question of Whether it is merely an iso-
lated manifestation or whether, as our adver-

silent,

  

   

garies pretend, if comes within the category of |

events that are to bring about the triumph of
the Triple Alliance aguinst France, either at
the coming conclave or by bringing into play
the power of the Papney,

Hheanarechy that presses upon France, the
confusion under which she is suffering, have
awakened the wildest hopes, ‘The hour haa
come, it is thought, when her fortunes must
decline and enrich with her rich spoils the
States which promise the Vatican to practise a
poicy of lavish gilts. It is mot the Holy See
that is threatened; it {s not the Papal policy
hat is breaking up or being transformed
What is aimed atis trance, Jt is her position
in the world, her rights, herintereete, Sen.
tinels, be on your guard! INNOMINATO.

 

FAILED TO FIND THE MINERVA,

Revenue Cutter Onandaga Makes Another
Unsuceessiul Search for aSteanship,

Norrorg, Va, March 3.—The revenue
Onondaga, Capt. Hamlet, retur
{ng after a second crulao in search of the Span-
ish steamer Minerva, which waa abandoned off
this const ten days ago by the British steamer
Parana. The Minerva, witha crew of perhaps
forty men aboard, was out of coal. She wag
bound from Forman, Spain, for Baltimore
with a cargo of iron ore, The Onondaga,
which salied from here on her last quest on
Feb, 28 and has been describing at sea cireles
200 miles in diameter, sprung a leak during
the last gale and ran short of provisions, Her

eutter
ed this morn-

 

commander fears that the Minerva, with ali on |

boar! js lost, but believing thatshe may have
drifted tar north will
cruise in search o! her

The Minerva’s crew, if atill afloat, are proba-
bly short of food and water, as she has been
about @ month at sea,

 

 

Queens Teachers’ Payroll Missing.

There is still trouble over tha salaries of
momeof the schoolteachers in the borough of
Queens. The Legislature passed a bill autho

iving a) appropriation of over $117,000 to pay
the teachers what was due them for Ovte
November and December of last year, I

Der,

    

ed to fll vacancies and they were never paid

Despite the facet that the money has been au-
| thorized, they did Lot get their pay when a
the o her principals and teachers were paid on
Friday Atthe Scenoot Board office in blashiag
jt was stated thet the supplementary payroll

bad been sent in with the others, but at the
office of the city paymaster in Long Island
City {t was arated that it h d never been ree
@eived. Asearch is being made to Had it

With char. |

re- |

each !

Rome has the greatness of a super. |

shortly sail upon another |

 

NOTES OF LEGAL EVENT [
|
'

The stringent HMability of anexprese com-
pany for delivering goods tothe wrong person
| {a most distinetly asserted by the Supreme |
| Court of Ohio Ina recent ease arising outof an |
attempt to obtain a lot of diamonds by fraud,
The plaintiffs were jewelers at Cineinnatl.
They received an order to send some diamonds
on memorandum, that {sto be purchased If
| satisfactory, to T. M, Jones of Hopkinsville,
Ky., whose name was signed to the order, Up-
| on reference toa mereantilo agency report the
| plaintiffs found that Mr. Jones enjoyed a high
credit rating, and thay shipped the gools to
| him by the Southern Express Company under
@billoflading in the ordinary form, but cons
taining a stipulation that the company should
not be liable for any loss, damage or detention,
‘caused by the act of God, eivil or military
| authority or a state of war, inaurrection or riot.
| The agent ofthe Southern Express Company
delivered the package, not to 'T. M. Jones, who
had never in fact ordered the diamonds at all,

     

Le Boutillier Brother

GREAT SILK SALE

Begins MONDAY, March 5.

25,000 yvarvs
FIGURED INDIA SILKS

| but toa man named Rothschild,who must have C. $
| sent the forged order, and who convinced the to ‘

Agent that he was Jones, Under these circum-

stances, the express company was compelled
| to make good to the plaintiffs the losa which
| they suffered by reason of the delivery of the
| diamonds at Rothschild, This loss woull not
| have occurred if the company had fulfilled ite
| obligation at common law, which was to de-
liver the goods to the consignee named in the
bill of jading. It made no difference that
Jones, the consignee, had not in fact ordered
the diamonds, If the express company had
| delivered them to him, the plaintiffs would
| have wot them back; while as it was they
Vauished with the subtle Rothschild.

| In the thirty-three cases docided by the
| Court of Appeals on Tuesday the proportion
of reversals was somewhat larger than usual—
there being ten reversals, twenty-two affirm.
ances and one modification. One of the most
interesting decisions is that in the case of
Lewis va, Long Island Railroad Company,
which was the firat of the numerous suits
| growing outof the Merrick road disaster to be
reviewed by tha Court of Appeals. The acci-
dent occurred on Decoration Day, 1807, when
| & DOME af teenie Poene bose feoel TAA
| Greene Avenue Baptist Church tn Brooklya
| hired a taliy-ho coach and wentout fora pleas-
ure drive to Valley Stream, The coach was
| Struck by one of the defendant's trains
| at the Merrick road crossing and several of
thecoaching party were killed, while others
| Were injurel. Theplaintif? was badly hurt and
recovered a verdict of $1,000 againet the rail-
road company, Tha Court of Appeals has
ordered a new trial, but merely on account of
| an error in tha instructions which the trial
; Judge gave to the jury. Tho decision, as a
whole, however, is favorable tothe victims of the
naccllent, for the Court holds that the members
of the party who hired the coach are not
| chargeable with the carelessness of the person
| who acted as driver, Indeed, most of the im-
portant points of law are so determined as to
make the defendant's liability a question for
the jury in each case.

shown in this city.

 

 

In 1807 Philip Lipp recovered a verdict of
$5,000 against Otis Bros. & Co. for having neg-

| ligently caused the death of his son, George
Lipp, by the discharge of hot water from the
exhaust pipe of a building in the course of con-
struction in this city. Upon thetrial the plain-
ti? was allowed toprove the pecuniary eireum-

| stances of the brothers and and
nephews and nieces of the which
Were not prosperous, and indicated the need on
their part of any surplus moneys that might

; come into the hands of the plaintiff. This evi-
| dence was objected to onthe ground that the
law permitted the suit to ba brought only for
the benefit of the father, where there was no

| widow; but the objection waa overruled, and
the Appe late Division sald: “It appears that

|
the deceased was inthe habit of giving all his

Sisters

deceased,

 

Business Hotices.

} earnings to his father, who gave him a amall a as nian ihe Of en mn ai
, . ‘
| amount for his own expenses and used the bal- | gal Bes ari "Ee ha faust oe DUES Oat bane
ance in support of his (plaintiff's) family. In | ated waters manufactured by CARL H. SCHUL/Z.

this state of the ease it was entirely proper for
the plaintiff to show what use he had been ac-
} customed to make cof the wages which he had
| received from the deceased and how nevessary
| it was forthe support of those whose welfare

he hal been accustomed to look after.” The
} Courtof Appeals has just reversed the judg-
mentinthia ease for error In receiving this

 

} since 1861, FAMOUS PRESCRIPTION 100,884,
Always eafo and reliable, 760 bot. MULLER'S
| PHARMACY, 74 Untversity place, New York,

 

pmiInD.

BARTHOLOMEW.-—On Thursday, March 1,

| test mony. Chief Judge Parker declares that 1900, of pneumonia, at his residence, 81 Fifth
| counse! for defendant was right in contending av., George Frederick, son of Zelina Ripley and
that the jury could not properly consider “tha Georgo Ward Bartholomew, inthe 27th year of
| misfortunes or poverty of the brothers and sis- hin aye,

! ters and nephews and nleces of the dead man

in determining the amount of compensation
; Which should be awarded to the father for the
| injuries sustained by thea death of his son.”
; He points out that plaintiff's counsel peratsted
in putting in the objeetionable evidence, “for
| he well knew how effective that testimony
| would be in swelling the amount of damages,”

Sveti

The Supreme Court of Indiana has recently
decided that an unvaccinated child may law-
! fully be excluded from a public school in that
| Btate, in a locality where there was dangerofa
sinallpox epidemic, although there is no In-
diana statute making vaccination compulsory,
or imposing It as a condition for the privilege
of attending the public schools, The power of Funeral services from bis late residence, 28 Cliff
the local Board of Health to establish a regula- st. on Monday, March 5, 1000 at 4:30 P. M,
tionto this effect is derived from the State Intermentat Liberty Corner, N.J., atconvenience
Board of Health, which body is authorized by
anact of the Legislature to adopt rules and
by-laws to prevent outbreaks and the spread

Bunday, March 4, 1900, at 2:30 P. M, Boston
and Hartiord papers please copy.

LAMB,.—On Thursday, March 1,
Lamb, aged &1 years,

Relatives and friends are invited to attend funeral
from bis late residence, 122 West Twentioth et,
on Monday, March 5, 1900, at 80 A. M., to BL
Francis Xavier's Church, whereasolemp requiem
mass will be offered,

LAMB,.—On March 2, 1900, Bridget, beloved wife

of Thomas Lamb,
Funeral from late reaidence 488 West Fifty-second

st., Sunday at 2 o'clock.

LEIGH. —At Somerville, N. J., on Saturday March
8, 1900, William Leighin the 88rd yearoft his

age.

of the family.
WARD.-—0On Friday, March 2, 1900, Raymond Lee
War !, aged S1 years,

of contagious and = Infectious diseases, Funeral services at the Charch of the Tranefgura
|} The exclusion of a child who has not tion, Esat 20th at., on Monday, March %, 1900, at
| been vaccinated at a time when an 10 A. M. Interment at Salem. Kiadly omit
| outbreak of smallpox is threatened, is flowers,
| justifled by the Supreme Court as areasonable | KROWL—Jane Williams, widow of James

Reevos Madison Krowl, at the residence of her
son-in-law, F. M. Stone, 821 Hudson Boulevard
near Fulton st., Union Hill N.J., on Saturday,
March %, 1000, at 11.A.M,,im her 80th year, A
native of Liverpool, Eng

Funeral services at & P. M., Tuesday, March 4,
1900, Interment Sleepy Hollow Cemetery,
Tarrytown, N. Y Manchester and Liverpool
papers please copy,

WOOD,- On Thuraday, March 1, 1900, Frederick
RK. Wood, in the 75th year of his age.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services at hia lite residence, sO Weat
Eighty-second st, on Sunday afternoon at half
past 4o'clock, Intermentat Woodlawn at cou
venience of family.

exercise ofa power properly delegated to the
health authorities by the Legislature; and this,
notwithstanding that the Constitution of In-
diana guaranties tothe children in that State
the privilege of attending the public schools,
atleast to the extent of providing that such
! schools shall be open to all and that tuition
‘ therein shall be free, It is said that if children
| may be expelled from a public sehool for bola-
terous or disobedient conduct, a matter relat-
ingtotheir morals, there ia no valid reason
| why they should not be excluded for refusing
| toconform toa requirement which relates to
their health,

 

In the case of Sanders vs, Colamen, which
) was deolded by the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia on Dee, 7, 1880, the rule was laid
| down that “a contract to marry is coupled
with the implie! condition that both of the
parties shall remain in the enjoyment of life
and health, andifthe condition of the parties

 

 

 

HE KENSICO CEMET Y.—Private station, Mar
lem Railroad; 48 minutes’ ride from the Grand
Central Depot. Office, it Bast 42d st

 

Special Fotices,

 

thar tu j } PILES. DR. CHAPMAN, 107 Fast 234; no ent
has so changed that the inarriage state would | ging. i.4u0cures; bouk free, pay When cured, refer
endanger the life or health of either, a breach | euces
ofthe contract is excusable,” In December,
1H07, the defendant, who was 52 years old, Religions Notices,

| pe

aes

 

veived a Christmas card from the plaintiff,
| of They had previously met
but onee, Correspondence, acquaintance and
amarriage engagement followed, The time
| for the wedding was tixed on April 27, 1808.

AMERICAN YOUNG WOMEN
PARIS.

IN

 

!In Mareh the defendant found himself A meeting will be held at Sherrv’s. 44th St. and |
| suffering from cystitis and was warned by hig | 8th Ay..ou Monday. Maren Sth, 0 PM. when
physician that the malady would be aggravated | the Ar hhieb P eee = mre iy * Lewis
| by marriage, He therefore broke the engage. | ¥!! #'¥e 88 nu h shoand Anercan
BARe* | tomes founded by Mise Ada Letsh in Pare for

ment, and the court of last resort has held that
| he might lawfully do 80, The most interesting
|} polnt in relation tothe case, however, remains
to be told,
Appeals decided in his favor, the defendant

reape table Koglish speaking girls without distine
tion of crerc
| the Very Reverend Dean Hofman will preside,

s ir ’
hortly after the Virginia Court of | supported by the Right Reverend Bishop Worthi

l ton, D. D.. the Reverand Doctors Morgan bis, \
| married @ lady other than the plaintiff! A Rainsford, David H. Greer, J. Wesley Brown, W
| writerin the Virginia Law Register suggests | yy Vibbert, J. Parker Morgan, W. M. Gros rant

} that in view of the cure ofthe defendant he
| was not entitled to be absolutely released from

other friends

A rdial invitation la given to those interested

his contract to marry the plaintiff, but only to | the work.
na postponement of the time of performance: as I ILY Hal Salt 8. CHURCH. 8. ¥. Tenneay acd
‘ : . 122 few HPN In, Rector, avr .
in the ease of @ betrothed person suffering | 2 rand iA Mi, 445 and5sPM sini :
from an attack of typhoid fever atthe tima set | pec, 1 r
) (Pe EMPLE EMANG-FL, Straw and 420 at —s
forthe marriage, but who subsequently re- 1d AM. Dr. Joseph Silverman

j dobn Ruskin, “A Modern Propet All

 

Body Washed Ashore on Staten Island.

The body ofa drowned man was foind ats
o'vlock yesterday morning on the si
Chelsea, on the south shore of Saten lea
Jt was removed to the Morgue ot the
farm, The body was that insu abo
ears old, Weighing about 150 pounits, w
ight Teapa soe ay amooth face
overalls @nd @ dark striped flannel outing shirt
A blue polka dot handke
one of his pockets,

  
   

BRONCHIAL

= —
BROWNS roches-

Relieve Coughs and Colds.

“Contain no opium, or anything ir
ous.""—Da, A. A. Haya, Chetaist, Bos wi.

In boxes only—Avoid imitations

 

 

       
    

|

Lyons Silks.

Rich Fancy Crépes,

Rhenmatiam and Gout oured in every case

Funeralat St. George's Church, Stuyvesant square, |

|
|
1900, William |

He ware |

rehief was found iu |

New Goods, Just Received, and Worth Nearly Double.

5,000 yaros

Highest grade CORDED JAPANESE WASH SILKS,
just from the looms, and by far the best line ever

West Twenty-third Street,

 

Novelties Spring 1900.

Cachemir and Fancy Squares

for

Waists.

Printed Foulards and Soft Satins.
Rich Panne Velvets.

Broadway & { oth Otceet.

 

‘Horner’s
Furniture.
SPRING .. 1900

We take especial pleasure in in-
viting an inspection of our Spring
Exhibit.

It represents the very latest and
choicest productions of the Furniture
/and Upholstery arts, in the plainest
as well as in the richest lines.

Every taste and every desire as to
expenditure is thus provided for,
whether the Furniture is wanted for
city or country homes.

Furthermore, the lowest possible
cost is represented on every price
ticket in every department of the
store.

R. J. HORNER & CO.,

Furniture Makers and Importers,

61, 63, 65 West 23d Street

(Adjoining Eden Musee. )

$$$ LS
ADELE RIICHIE WANTS DAMAG@ES,

 

Says Knowles and Williamson Broke Hep
$150-a-Week Contract,

Adele Ritchie, the actress, has brought ac-
tion through A. H. Hummel in the Supreme
Court to recover $3,000 damages for breach of
contract from Edwin Knowles of the Fifth
Avenue Theatre and 8, Stryker Williamaon,
said to be the backer of the play “Three Little
Lamba She says she was engaged for the
theatrical season beginning last October at
$150 a week while in this eity and $200 on the
road for the leading part in this play, She
played until Feb, 24 last, when at Washington
she contends the contract was broken by her
discharge, She says she spent $1,000 in gete
ting costumes for the part.

M. de Regnier Lectures on Villiers.

) CampnutrpGe, Masa, March 3.—M. Henri de
Regnier gave the second of the Hyde lectures
before the Cercle Francais this afternoon. The
| subject was "Villiers de Isle Adam" and “Poets
in Prove M, de Regnier spoke of the early
life of Villlers, the bitter trony and sarcasm he
fet and expressel against the times and {te
mater! tendencies andthe tardy recognition
Which followed soon after the author's death,
He suid that it was as the forerunner of agreat
literary pertod that Villiers was most valuable.
His -truggies were those of a grent national
period, Which s00n blossomed into being.

 

 

New Publications.

READ THE

STRAND
WAGAZINE

| March number shout

PIGEONS IN WAR

 

1) PALE 19 WLUSTRATIONS,
PRICR, ORS 1s
OF at Newsies ote and
THB INTERNATIONAL NEWs COMPANY
| NEW YOUR
BARGAINS CROVM THE TRADE SALE,
Zolae Storiow f $i. v
IVA r 1 Pub

  

vole
nde ot Books bought
NH} oMS ON 4W.t th «tN. Y.

Buu zht & Sold

3 AMIN

AUTOGRAPH, W a me .

LETTERS bie B A iWay New York,
ee SEND POR PRICE Lists
ru JUST HOW PAPERS,
Howt ste the | ea richee race
enn ' , ts Lo Ae
i * . '
43! ‘ . yter
: su s ‘ ‘
SC AVPHO Olea Nethersole in col + porate
» petd. Browalway Mauazine Lh2i biwas, 8 if
oC. - Maxwell s stones ot Was tho, Cape Bow®
20 Bivouse, O'Halloran, PRATL, lbh ow av,