:

re er Sac

 

{
;:

4 SE

HOLDING UP AUTOMOBILES,

Braay wiTu
KEE ATTN,

BK? Cepi'', wo
CHILE CROKER,

Croker Sees Devery and Travels to Fires at
the Old speed, but the Potice Chase
Other Speeders in’ Great Shape -Three
Arrests Made Uptown Barly Last Night,

Chief of Police Devery a few days ago poked
up Acting Capt, MeCormick of the Bleycle
Squad, telling him that there was entirely too
much tast driving done by the owners of autos
mobiles and fast horses on the upper Weat
Side, Since that tine, there has been a
marked activity among the pike cops, who on
that side hava been stationed one for each
five blocks on the principal thoroughfares,
The East Side andthe downtown districts have
been almost deserted by them,

‘The day after Sergt. MeCormick echoed tothe
aquad the remarks mateto him by the Chief,
Bieyele Policeman O'Connor found Chief
Croker driving at his usual rapid rate
in going to a fira on Fighth — ave-
nue. He shouted to the Chief to stop
and the Chief ignored him, O'Connor
pulled a plsto! and declared that if Croker did
not stop his automobile he would atop a bullet

and he showed go plainly that he waa
in earnest that Croker stopped At
the squad preeinet atation, it) was ex. |
pluined to Chief Croker that) the police

hold that ambulances and. fire wagons must
not wo any faster than the legal limot. All the
advantage they badin the law was that they
had the absolute right of way
calied to see Devery the following day about
the matter and asa result Croker still goes to
fires with the usual speed,

Last night was afleld day for the bike copa,
At §} o'cloek Polleoman Walsh arrested a man
who was driving his private automobie on
Seventy-second street and Broadway
station the man said that he waa Bra tford
Me(iregor and that he live lat 205 West Fifty.
seveuth street, He sent out for a number of
people to goon his bond

An hour later Policeman Donahue arrested |

Eldridge J.ucas atthe same corner on the same
charge
that runs public
promptly bailed our

Ar7:30o'clovk Lolieoman. Storer chased on
automobile from Fitfty-ninth street to Sixty.
fifth street in Broadway ond
the motorman, Robert Dixon
was emploved by Kdvwar! J) Pennington of 20
Ki'th avenue and Vr. Pennington was sent for
When he ealled at the stat onto ball Dixon, Wr,
Vennington saw Metiregor sitting diseonao-
latelyonachair. He was still waiting for his
Lon !sman

“Hello, MeGregor, did they arrest
aske! Mr. Peniiauton

On receiving an affirmative reply, Mr
rington went. on the bond of both
MeGregor and Dixon,

automo'iles and he was

you too?”

 

Pan-
Mr.

SOLLY SMITH DEFEATED,
Barrett) Gets the Decision
Twenty Fast Rounds,

Billy After

Billy Barrett gota lucky decision over Solly
Bmith, at the Greenwood! A.C. last night. The
affair, which was for twenty rounds at 122
nounds, went the entire distance, and when
teferee Eddie, Dougherty gave the battle to
Barrett, there was considerable difference

of opinfon among the large crowd on hand, |

Rmith was active and rushed forth with con-

siderable vim. He used the lef princinally

and found Barrett's windoften, Parre't winced
under the blows, and in sheer desperation
stuck out the left, catching Sollyon the face
andinouth. This was the order of things until
the sixth round, when Smith tried crossing.
His right just grazed Burrett’s jaw

Barrett was quick in the seventh and judged
Kmith’s speedy rushes with avcuracy. Near
the close ofthe round Smith
rett without stint twiceaio the its
ceived another hard thamping in
elwhth, and when he was getting the worst
of it tried roughing Smith got) even
by nailing Barrett's body with imeun-
ity. the ninth was uneventul Smith
did the balk of the execution in the tenth, He
only swung, however, and after missing three
times ecught Barrett a hord uppereat on the
chin Which wade the latter's teethrattle, Vha
eleventh was hot In the twellth Barrett
Went for the body and bit Smith auspiciousiy
low. Smith groaned and kept away untii he
recovered. Barrect then bored in and again
etruek Smith be:ow the bet. Smith dronpot

Durrett re-

like w fallen beam and the crowd yelled
“boul! The punch was unfair and the ref.
eree cautioned Barrett. The gong sounded

opportunoly for Smith, who seemed to be in
agony,

Smith apparently was himself againin tha
nextthree rounds and gave Barrett a severe
gruelling, Barrett had Smith tires in the six-
teenth and seventeenth rounds, Smith
Barrett going inthe eighteenth, but could not
land effectively to put his rival out, Smith
faitled to land swings in the last two
rounds and this spent most of hia strength
Barrett, however, reached Solly often. They
were fighting hard at the hell

The first preiiminary affair, limited to ten
rovuods at 110 pounds, wae between a colored
fad with the singular sobriquet of “Missis-
eeppi.” who was announced as hailing trom
Gravesen!t, acd Aleck O'Hoo'ohan, white, of
South Brooklyn. “Missisaiop.’ was a slugger
pure ant simple, and knoeke! O' Hoo ohan out
in the second roun!. The second tilt was also

for ten ronnda, Young Horney and Hueh
MePadden, both of Brookivn, were the cons |
testants Phe weight was 120 pounds,

MecPadden got the verdict on points,

TOM JOHNSON FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,

Gets a Boom at a Democratic County Con-
vention Held in Cleveland,

CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 3,—The Democrats
of this county held their convention here
to-day and inetdent to the the
boom of the Hon. Tom T. Johnson for
the honor of being W. J. Gryan's running
mate was launched, At Tbio2 the Hon
Tom L. arrived from New York in. ¢
partorear, At lo the convention was ca!
tuorder, At dV Li the Hon. Tom i, was electors
eennen! chairman, Atd2 2O the Hon, Tom
»Maten speech in whieh be suid th
Democrats this fall would) decare against
trusts and comb nations and emphatically in
favorof municipal ownership of public utilf
tles

By 2:30 PO OM. candidaces for
nominated, At 240 2) M. the convention ad-
Journed with cheers for "Tom Lf, Johnson, our
next Viee-Prosident.” At 2:50 0'cloek the Hon,
Tom L, leftthe convention bal! in his private
carriage and ati 0 12. Mo he departed for New
York in the stateroom of a sleeping car,

 

exercises

 

offers were
'

 

 

Boxing at the Pelican A, C,

Jack Pox of New York secured the decision
over Paddy Fenton o. boston at the Pelican A,
Colast night. The men were sche 'uled to box
twenty rounds at 142 pounds, but the bout
was puton Jateand they were only allowed to
fight seventeen rounds as the jaw does not al-
low Saturday night contests to eon.
tinue after midnight. Fenton has not
been seen in the ring inthe past yearind ap-
parently was in poor condition
game fight. however, ogainst his young antag-
onist and several times had box

was unableto put him tosleep, Fox was caus

tioned for using foul tacties several times

Tommy Hogan of New York met Alexander
Dunsheath of Jersey City in the opening bout
often rounds at 105 pounds, Dunsheatn was
pus 98 in place of Paddy Roache, who tnyured
us hand whie training, Moth men tought
fast and janded clein-eut blowa up to the

seventh round, When Dunsheath was sent to
the oor with abhard right tothe jaw. Inthe
tenth and last round, Hogan puta hard rneht-
hand swing tothe head, which floored his op-
‘onent. When Dunsheath got to bia feet,
logan put ajoltto the jaw, which sent Duna.
heath down and out,

In the second goof ten rounds at 133 peands
“Chasty” Brooks met “Tip? O'Neal. ‘The men
prove: to be two hard hitters, and slueged
each other all over ‘he ring in the first three
rounds, Poth were tired from their efforts
when they came up forthe ninth round. The
tenth and ‘ast round was a hot one Brooks
tried hard to knoek his opponent out, but "Diy
managed tostay the Linit, and the referee de-
elared the bouta draw

  

  

the Skating
Brooklyn,

A fleld of ffraen clever skaters met last night
atthe Clermont avenue rink after the hockey
Kaine A fiiteenlap track was used. Arthor
Yale Saroney, Now York A.C, won, with Phifip
J. Kearney, Pawnee ALC, of Brooklyn, second
by two yards; Osear Lund,
Brookivn. third, by (fteen vards while Harry

b MeDonald, tha serateh man ed to Anish,
The time was minutes > 1-9 seconds

Saroney Wins Contest in

  

  

 

Mills Hotel Guest Arrested,

}eroy C. Shear, who said he was a salesman,
ci Syracuse, Was arrested last nightatihe Mills

Hotel. io Bieecker street, where be had hired a
room yesterday morning, The arrest wae
made atthe request of the police at Washine-
ton, DC, Who want him ona charge ol pues

ing a formed check for $100, shoar was loek uc
pat Police Headquarters The deesotives
Who made the arrest said that Shear was
wanted by the police of Syracuse,
brobably be sent to that city,

iiiso

He will

 

Chief Croker |

At the |

Lucas is employed by the eompany |

Noally arrested |
He said that he |

|
hammered Bar-

the !

had |

He put upa

wroggy, but |

ing Club of!

 

oes gee

 

 

— —

 

MAYORS OF MANY TERMS,

A Practice in Some American Cities Which
Is Now Impossibie in New York,

Recently there has been considerable comm

tion in Hoboken, a city in which the occasions
| for commotion are few, over the suggestion that
| Mayor Lawrence Pagan would be a candidate
for reelection and it has been thought necessary
that ho should set at rest many disquieting stories
by declaring emphatically that he will not be 4@
candidate for reelection. Mayor Fagan was
first elected in the spring of 1405 and for the third
| time in Apnl, 1697 tle was a candidate fora

fourth term in 1800 and the fear of some Jersey ites
has been that unless dissuaded from such a course
he might maintain as a continuous politleal per
formance the practice of runing for Mayor of Ho-
boken. In Unis respect, however, Mavor Fagan
is by no means a solitary exception among Ameri
can municipal officers. Ferdinand Co Latrobe
was elected Mayor of Baltimore in 1875, 1474,
1479, 1883, 1S47, 1801 and 14803, ancl it is pointe
| outas notable fact that,while the city of Baltimore
is of much greater population, area and im
portanee tha the city of Hoboken, yet Mayer

fora period of eighteen years, with four intervals
ponly. Carter if Harrison, father of the present
Mayor of Chicago, and bimself Mayor of that
city when as assinated in 1804 held the office
of Mayor from June, 1880, to May, 1585, conseeu
| tively. He was reelected before the beginning
| of the Chicago Fair period and the son has now
two Mayoralty elections to his credit

New York is one of the few American cities in
which the policy of electing Mayors for many
terms In succession has never been strongly ad-
hered to. In Philadelphia, William S. Stokley
was chosen Mayor in IS72and remained in office,

notwithstanding sundry changes of office tenure
and of the ume of election, until 1651, when he
| Was silt ceeded by Samuel G. Wing Orestes
| Cleveland was Mayor of Jersey City from 1864

to 1866, inclusive, and from 1586 to 182, inclusive
| hdward Murphy, Jr, afterward United States
Senator, was Mayor of the city of Troy from 1875
} to lesz. Cormelins R. Parsons, now State Senator,
| was elected Mayor of Rochester in 1876 and was

 

 

) sik times reelected, holding that office tor fourteen
years consecutively, a remarkatie record in a city
| the polines of whieh are uncertain and the voters
ofw hich are often tickle in their political allegiance,
Rochester having a Democratic Mayor to-day
though atthe last general election itwasa Republi
leaneny George LL. Thatcher was elected Mayor
‘of Albany in 1560, in 1866 and 1870) Thomas
i K. Kiuney was twice reelected Mayor of Cuca
safter his first election in 1846 and he was in office
for another term in 2808. Patrick J. Gleason
| was four times elected Mayor
| City when it had a separate municipal organiza
tion, and Cvrenus Wheeler, Jr, was for six years
Mayorofthe city ofof Auburn
It may be stated as a general rule that there
is no strong sentiment among eleetors of American
cities in favor of having Mayors serve during
many terms ‘The expectations of a political
canvass are usually raised higher than jusuflatle,
and many of the promises of a candidate, eamestly
and honestly made, are not fulfilled A Mayor
| in offes usually, and sometimes unavoidably,
|
|

arouses antagonisms which it is very diffeult to
overcome and it is for this reason that reelections

ar. for the most part, rare At the same time
| itappears to be recognized by the voters of many
| American cities that a stceessful Mayor in office

| becomes, better qualified for efficient service after |

Such a view of the case
Was without acceptance by the Charter Commis
sinners of New York, a Mayor of this city under
the present charter being inelligible to a second
term by reelection

each additional term

|
|
| AMERICAN UMBPRELLAS,
| a
One Article of Wide Manufacture Here of
Whieh Not Many \re Exported,

Umbrellas are made in this country in great
} numbers, and tn the highest perfeetion, but com
paratively few are exported. American) um
brellas are sold in the West Indies, and scattering
lots go in other directions, but altogether the
exports are not large. Grade for grade, Amer
ican umbrellas are the best in the world, the best
designed and the li¢htest in appearance, and
some of them are produced at wholesals at
that seem marvellously low) But while a larger
proportion than formerly of the cloths used in
umbrella making are now produced in this coun
try, many umbrella cloths are still imported,
and so are many handles. Nearly all the rods
and ribs used in umbrellas manufactured hore
are now made in this country and some of these
have been exported. By far the greater proportion
i of American umbrellas are now made with steel
rods, while in Europe wooden sticks are
} largwely used
' ©m the reds and ribs American machinery
is brought to bear, and these parts of the umbrella
are now produced ata wonderfully low cost. But
there is sull required on the nmbrella, some hand
| labor, which costs more here than in foreign
countries, and on the imported materials the
duty isadded to their enst,

 

and so that, take
it altogether, the umbrella has not yet come to

be added in great numbers to the growing list of |

; American exports.
|

 

MOUNTED POLICEMAN HURT,
Was Thrown From His Horse

| Karesey
While Chasing a Runaway,

| Policemen Butler and Karesy of the Mounted
Squalhadan exciting chase aftera runaway
horse in Harlem yester ‘ay afternoon. The
horse, which was attached to a light wagon,
dashed down Seventh avenue, At 122d street
the wagon collided with a grocery wagon
H. Harford of 125th street and

Seventh avenue, Harford’s horse ran down

the avenue

| Policemen Butler and Karesey rode rapidly

| afterthe runaways. Butler took up the chase

) after the groger’s horse and caught him at
18th street. Karesey continued on down
afterthe other horse, The wagon grazed an
electric carand the horse stumbied and fell,
The wagon was badly damaged. Harry Daley,
the driver, was thrown to the pavement
hu esesped injury,
fel. Polleeman Karesy's borsa stumble
him and he was thrown, falling on his head
He ro! ed over ant caught bold of the bridle of
the runaway us the horse was about to get up
Ly holding the horse cewn he savel himself
and Dally from being trampled to death

When Karesev reached the police sation ati

o'elock be beeame fl) ‘olive Surgeon WI-
liams was sent for, He said Karesy had been
severely injured and would be unable todo duty
for several days,

THILVES AT

owned by

 

THE FIRE,
| Two or Three of Them at Work and One of
|

| Them Caught,

| Alamp upset in the rooms of Albert Newman
| at huh West Fifty-aeeond street last night and
| set fire tothe room, During the excitement a
| man ran intothe rooms of Robert Zoller who
| lives inthe house, Mrs. Zoller asked him what
he wanted and when he started to run out sha
hit hin: in the eye, He was chase t by a police.
man, butescuped, Fireman O'Neill saw Owen
Thompson taking @ clock out of one of the
other rooins in the house and arrested hii.
Atrunk that belonged to two employees of the
Street Clenving Department was found inone
of the halls, broken open and rifled,

DIN IS MISSING,

1 ee

Wore a $500 Dinmond Ring and Had a Large
| Sum of Money When He Disappeared,

William A. Dix of 138 West

| WILLIAM A,

The wife of

Ninery-sixth street went to the West Sixty. |

eighth street police station Jast night, and

said that Mr. Dix had been missing from his

home since noon on Thursday, She said that
j when he left home he wore a diamond ring

valved at $500, carried a large sum of money,
| and hada valuable gold watch and chain with
J him, He is 33 years old, 5 feet 8 tnehes tn
} height and has a brown beard

Three Knockouts at the Natlonal A, C,

| elubhouse of the National A. C. last night.
| The first essay was for Mftecn rounds at 130
f pounds, Jimmy Fenton of New York and
i Jimmy Reilly of Brooklyn met,
' put to sleepin forty-four seconds ot the fourth
‘round, Then “Soldter Bill’ Wilson, seconded

| by big Gus Rullin, came through the ropes for |

\ his bout with George Hale of Troy, The latter

{ was knocked out in one minute and thirty Bee |

onds ofthe first round. An extra bout of ten
and Jack Sloane, at catch weights, was puton
The verdict was adraw

Kid Gibbermann was too heavy to goonin his
seneduled bout with Frank Brennan of
| Brooklyn, and frank Bryant, colored of New
York, and Hughey Fitzsimmons of Greenpoint
| mer tor ten rounds at catch weights, The
|
|
|
!
'

colored boy knocked bis man out in two
minutes, sixtesn and one-fourth seconds of the
second round with a stomach blow, Jack
Morris of New York, taking the place of
Andy Short, who Was overweieht, met Jonnny
Brooklyn for tfteen rounds
It was declared a draw

Reicchmann of
at 150 pounds.

The Expression of Contentment
/ worn by a SUN reader may be traced totwo

things -tirat, to the fact that he reads that
paper; second, to the prosperity he enjoys

, through association With reputable advertisers |

| Who use tte columns, Ade,

Latrobe held the chief municipal office in thateity |

of Long Island |

tices |

sull |

Just as Daley's horsa |
ABaiust ,

There wer some red-hot giove bouts atthe |

Fenton was |

rounds between Jouwmy Holden of New York |

THE SUN,

ICHILDREN AT THE SHOW,

| pensanrep WITH CAGED ANIM AIS
, (T MADISON sSCUARE GURD SN

 

Little Indian Maiden an \ttraciive beat
ure—Escaped Wildeat Said to Be still
at Large Post Office Employoo Beats
VPolleeman Frizzellof Old Slip Swinnming

There was a marked change in the persounel
of the erowd that attended the Sportsmen's
Show at Madison Square Garden during the
early hours yesterday. Hunters, anglers and
outdoor sportsmen of all kinds who were cosily
singled out on thetwo preceding duys wero
almost entirely loat sight of in the throng of
women, who took advantage of the sehoo! holi-
day to introduce their children to the Wonders
ofthe big forest that has been transferred to
the big amphitheatre. The youngsters chased
gieefuily over (he tun bark and along the gal-
leries all the morning and afternoon, taking
ublimited fun out of the caged aniinals

The presence of the women r-sulted ina raid
on the Indian bazaar, and the handiwork was
disposed of with auch rapidity that the four
assistants of the squaw were kept incessantly
at work taking in dimes and quarters. The
children were especially friendly with Anen-
Kawennokas, the litte Lroquois girl, who fra
ternizes readily with the pale faces, and has
already become ons of the features of the
show. The hatcheries where fishes are “made
while you wait’ had a crowd of ¢hildren
around them all the time, watching the little
fish sqirming in the water,

Wheothe exhibitions in the tank began at
8:30 o'elock the matinee crowd wae larger
than atany preyious show, and all attendance
records for the first three days were easy
broken, ilolden’s diving particularly pleased
the spectators, and he received liberal ap-
plause by the clever way in which he executed
the dificult double aomersaults, As the diver
made bia way through the Indian village to
j the dresaing rooma. he ventured too near to
the big bear, and the beast made @ vicious
dash, his paws narrowly missing Holden's
bath robe as he jumped clear of the danger.

Owing tothe matinués in the theatre the con-
tinuous mate’ was eliminated trom the trap
shooting programme, The contest of the ex.
perts with the wun waa closer than hitherto ia
the association championship. Heikes main-
tained his supremacy, but made three entries
before he compiled the top mark oF 02
firatattempt > sseore ts, but reingeished his
FKecond trial at the trapa after Missing eight
of his flest twenty-tive targets Ihe

 

erack
shooter's finger was badly lacerated, which he
said was due to the gun used, A change of
Weapons pro tuced a good result and he made

  

| The sammary:

Associauon Champiouship-B.O Heikes, 02: E.
D Fulford, 00. 7) Panning, 88) B. LeRoy, 87; We.
Croshry, 87; C. W. Budd, 44; doin J, Hallowell, st
Plal Daly, Jr. 85. J. Ro Hegeman, 645, HW, Niece, 58
G, Ro Schneider, 52. bo Muench, 47; Miss May
Mackey, 4%; H. Kattengell, x,

There wasacrush in the evening when the
aquatic events were decided in the tank, and

had again eseaped and was at large. The cage
Intended for the animal was empty, but the
) oMictais said late dust pight Chat the roaming
exhibit was peunedin under the arena boxes
and will be safely Jotged in his cage before the
| show opens on Mondays

The 100-yard swimming race, open to
| polleemen, Nremen and post office employees,
‘rawingeardool the evening sports
W OP. Keller carried of the honors forthe 4

 

Oost

 
 
 

was the

office contingent, but the brigate of offeers
on duty veved with deight when Frizzell
of tne O.d Slip station, a hald-headed,
lcorpaent patrolinan, mave Harry Lyons,

the siim post oitlee clerk, the go-by
Jin the last lJengih and won | second

prize. J. W. Spencerof Columbia University,

who has taken a place in the front rank
swimmers, used his overhand stroke effective

 

which the competitors bad their lewa securely
tled together. Hebeat GR. Brown of the K.
A.©. by one yard after a well timed spurt.

The Atalanta and Union Boat clubs put upa
hard, fast game of water polo. In the first

half {* was a fight fromthe moment Referee
Sterrett sounded the whistle forthestart, After
eight minutes spent in aplashing, duckin

and mauling each other the. half ende:
i with no score on either side
half Herman Mjertherg, the old-time walker,
eluded the Atalanta goal keepers ands: ored
tor the Unions tind minutes 15 seeon ‘a, His
sije merely passed the ball afterward and won
by lgoaltoO, Sammars:

 
  

100 Yards— For Police, Fire and Post Office Depart-
ment employeea--Won by W. T. Keller, Post Oa
Btation N; K. OC. Frizvell, First. Prectoet police,

| aecond, fH. %. Lyons, General Post Office, third
Time, | minute Ga 2 S seconds,

Twenty-five Yards. Feet and Kneea Tied —Won by
J. WH. Spencer, Columbia Untversity, G. RK, Brown,
K. 4. C., second, L. Goodwin, K. A. C,, third, Tine,

18 35 seconds,

ranges nearly all the afternoon and eventing,
composet of men eager to burn up money and
powder in pursuit o trophies, The hest bull's.
| eyes scores on measured targets were made
by H. D, Muller, R. Gute, J. Fackiamm and H
Sieba. Trophies were won as follows:

H. M. Pope, Hartford. G, Schlicht, Taurus, N.J.;
| J. Lenzinger, New brghton; J. Fo Smith, Btapleton
|
|

  

PJ. Donovan Ci fton, H. Neuweiler, Brookiyn, W
Kosenbaum and H. b. Muller, New York

In the 100-shot match W. Kosenbaum,
known as “Balt” to rifle shooters, "nished h
aeore With 248, 23H, 244, 235, 244. 248, 2
230, 2A, 230. Total, 2,:382,

 

 

A To the eontinnous
mateh Harry Pope of Hartford made the high
| gpeore of 71, Lhe revolver and pistol scores
| Were:
| Match A, any revolver
44. Louis Pieve’, 63, 42,48: J,

Mateh C, pistol--Dr KR. Ho Sayre, 45, 45, 45,
| Match D, police revelver—-Alexander Stein, 43,
|

 

Alexander Stein, 48. 47,
A. Dietz, 44, to, 4e,

Piatol Champiouship—J, B
44.40

Winners of point tropiiies—L. Piercy, Dr, R. H.
Sayre and J. B. Crabtree,

Schaeffer'a New Swimming Record—N. Y.
A. C. Beaten at Water Polo,

indoor swimming record was broken to-
night at the Sportsman's Show by FE. C. Sehae!-

| fer of the University of Pennsylvania and
New York A.C, when he beat the best time
|} ever made in a twentyeyard tank for 200

j yards, hy seven seconds, Schaeffer had every-
thing bis own way, Forthe (rst few laps he
awam easily and saved himself for the tinal
stretches, but nevertheess he dropped
his opponents steadily, He made amaguifl

eent spurt the last few Japs and finished in
good form, Ths tine was 2 minutes 60 2-5 sec.
ouds, W.C, Miller, Kniekerboeker A. C., won
a preliminary p

 

heat in 2:54 4-5, but be was

Ho'm of the Brookline Swimming Cub,
The water polo match was between teams
from the Sew York A.C. and Kniekerbocker

| A.C. for the A, ALU, championship, In the
| first. half the Kniekerboekers mata 5 goals
to 0, but in. the seagond half neither side

scored. The Knickerbockers were declared the
winners,

| Imperious Wins the Burns Handicap at
Oakland,

Saw Franersco, March 3.—An afternoon of
rain, mud and mist could not keep 8,000 per-
sons from crossing the bay to Oakland track
to-day tosee the Burns Handicap at one mile

and a quarter for all ages decided, For the
second time the blue and gold of Dr. Rowell
| passed under the wire in front, His brown
| gelding, imperious, & cast-off from Barney

belreiber's stable. came in two lengthe ahead
} onthe bitin the fast time of 2:10, a imarvellous
performance considering the condition of the
track. Little Devin rode the winner, Im-
perious, however, was not the best horse in the
vaca, With adry track Rosinante would prob-
ably have won by Mfty yards. Formero was
| only beaten a head for the place. Acrobat,

with Tommy Burns in the saddle, was made
favorite, but after running well to the hai!
died away

Basketball Notes,

   
 

Batpartos, N J, March 8.~Bridweton avain

placed in rare form to-night and @asily defeated

; bi on @etrong basketball team. Lhaecore vas
37 toy

 

The St. Thomas A. OG. has @ few open dates and

; Would ike to All the same with fratclass teats
averaging } 20 pounds and offering. auuiatie juar
awntee, Aldress J OU, Kintay, 229 Fast Bifty-uinth
atret

The Olarendon basketball team would like to hear
from all inet iaae teatime in New York, New Jersey
and Counectiont, vanes 'o be played away from
hom Addrogs A. Frohiich, los Ainsiie sireet,
brovkis a

Tn the championship gameot basketball vesterda
whics wae played at the old Vhirteentu Regiment
Ari ® fdivth trookhoa between the Manual
Trani High School and the Manhatian ubl
Mivb School the New York boy@ won by lato de

AL Fitiaiin cg last t Fourth separate Cou
pany Won a well played and jutere ting game foun

 
 

 

too Bedterd A ¢ Ye trons Broekhy a The sore
was Pourta ce; diate Conpany, 2), Bedtord A. ¢
(, The preliminary cue between the Mouawaa
and the Alorta of Whitest Was not played owing
to the railure of the bitter t. shew up
The ra RK tb State town: of the Siateenth Separate
Company Of Catahill wud Fourth Separate «om
; pany Five Of sonhers, hired apan the latter's arui
ory at Youkers best nigh fue seore; Fourth sep
arate Company, OF; Sixteruth Separate Company,
iO, The cpening .am etweeu the Mifehas and

the Mount Vernon tema wa, won by the former by
hitos

Reckow's Body Pound,

The body of Joseph P. Reekow, who disap:

| peared on Mareb J trom his home in Totten-

ville, was found in the waters of Staten Island

| pound at Cole's Mii ast evening. He was Os

years uld., 1615 SUPposed he committed sul-
| ciue.

 

  

|

SUNDAY,

  

 

wow THE SPY Gor AWAY.

 

Donbdled on the Enemy nod Bullhead Luck
Pohl ihe Rest

In the fall oi od," waid the elderly man, "T
came from the Arms of the Tennessee to the \rmy
of the Potomac as a scout and spy, | was) a
Kentuckian, who, like many others in that State,
sided with the Union and went in to fight for
what they thought was right, just as the Jobn
nie boys did. LT had plenty to do nosing round
the country all that winter but there was nothing
attention atl
into

of importance that engaged my
February, whon Gen, Girant sent me over
the onemy's eountry to find out all Peould in order
that he might be able to organize a@ spritys ean
palgn that would mean business. Thad been
knocking around among the Johnnies lor two
weeks or more when some fellow became sus
pleious and comiaunicated his notions to some
body else and se on until it got entirely too hot
for me and | started to jget back to myown people
I was not very far away as miles go, but 1 was
hedged in by an alert foe and 1 lnew that it wes
going to take all 1 could do, assisted by an all
powerful and overruling Providence to keep my

| neck outof the halter, and I headed for the Federal

Athis ,

Army with (hat knowledge fully in mind

“The weather was cold and clear, the moon
being nearly at the full, and it was almost as
dificult to get about at night as it was by day,
thus adding to my chances of capture, It was
not until after my disappearance from camp
that suspicion became positive knowledge, and
searching parties were sent ajter me in all diree
tions, as ft was known that I had information
which would prove disastrous to the Confederates
if the Federals got hold of it. IT had less than
thirty miles across country to go, but Johnnies
were thick everywhere along that route, so [ was
compelled to travel at least a hundred miles around,
and on the morning of the second day out, 1 found
myself very nearly in the clutches of the enemy
It was before daylight, but the moon was shining
brightly and from a thicket along the banks of
a creek | could see a squad of twenty or thirty
men scattered for half a mile beating the bushes
as if they were rabbit hunting. ‘They were cal!
ing to each other as they moved slowly along
through the flelds and in this way I could locate
them fairly well, I knew my chances were slim,
and Tostriek out up the creek on a run. The
bushes concealed me, and when I passed around
a bend in the creek at @ point of a hill, Isaw a

| bie country house not far away and made for

2 on his third attempt by fine, even shooting. |

it was impossible to gat a giimpse of the exe |

| hibits until the competitions ended, It was |
stated that the wiideat that got loose
‘on Friday and gave the speciatora a seare

it as fast as my legs would carry me. Nobody
was stirring about the place except two dogs
barking on the far side of the house, and knowing
that the barn or any of the outbuildings wera
sure to give me away if I went into them, I tried
the back door of the mansion. It was open, as
might have been expected, and I slipped into a

 
 
 

MARCH 4, 1900.

— Se

‘Buy China and

|

|
|

wide hall leading I knew not where. A
faint light shone in the hall above,
and, taking off my shoes, I crept upstairs
simply because I didn't know what else
todo. Ata venture I opened the first door lL came |

to, and TI had no more than got Into the room,

| which was dimly lighted by a night lamp on 4 |

in the final heat of the twenty-Ave yard race iy, |

In the second |

There was aline three deep around the rifle |

Crabtree, 61, 43, 41, |

Boston, Mareh 3.~Another world’s amateur |

beaten outin the final for seoond place by H.L. |

{with

tanle screened from the bed peyond it, than the
man, apparently an invalid, asked
who was there. There was no time for parleying
now, and at once T stepped over to the bed and
told the person there that I was an escaped pris-
oner trying to get away to the North, I knew

volce of a

CHINA.

that if he were of Northern proclivities he would |

help me, and if he were not, I would have to look
out for him as best T might. I

was not long |

finding out whet he thought of me, for in a second |

he had sprung out of bed and made a grad for 4
pistol lying on the table by the lamp.

“Those were troublous times in that country
and pistols were kept handy. 1 caught him in
time, however, and being young and powerful,
1 tossed him baek on the bed in a minute, and
gagging him with a handkerchief and tying his

hands, IT covered him up as if he were enjoying |

a comfortable sleep, and waited further develop-
ments.

“Thedogs keptup their steady barking outside,
as dogs do on moonlight nights, which was a
good thing for me, as when the searching party
got there they would naturally conclude that the
dogs had net been disturbed or excited. In a few
minutes the dogs changed the tone of their barking
in the front yard and neeping out of the window
Tsaw my late associates in the flelds gathered
in the road before the house. ‘Those who had been

beating the bushes had come back to the road:

and mounted their horses and the entire party
was holding 4 conference of some kind. Pres
ently two officers—I noticed that they wore the

uniforms of commissioned offivers—left the party
and came up to the house \s soon as they had
knocked, T Uitew off my coat and vest, dropped
my suspenders over my shoulders, and
already in my sock feet, | went down to see what
they wanted. ‘They seemed to know the place
and first asked how the old gentleman was, and
if} was the new nurse T answered the questions
all right, and told then: they could come in and
see him if they wished It was a bluff, and I
was scared cutof my wits when they met it and
said they thought they would, if he was awake
} never wanted to runse in my life as we went
back up the stairs, and Twa wondering what
would happen next when, [ ventured to say that
the old getleman had had several convulsions

 

during the night and showed symptoms of another |

just before Lcamedown, ‘They hesitated a moment
at this, and | am pretty sure they would not have
come up if Lhad thought of it sooner, as they were
both but litde more than boys, and not fond of
sick men, especially with fits However, they
went with me inte the room, and as they got weil
in the old man was groaning and tossing at a
great rate Lord, *ald one, ‘he's got ‘em again
and Tdon't want to get mixed up with it,’ and with
thathe motout, followed by the other inshortorder
In a minute or two, Tjotned them in the hall, and
they asked me about the escaped spy. [told them
that about three hours before, when Col. Martin-

Tot that cue from them —was having a bad spell,
I had looked cut the window and seen a man

 
 
 

being |

 

climbing the fence into the freld across the road, |

and that he had disanpeared in the thicket alon
the creek banks leading toward the river, which
wasamilecrso bevend.  TPeidn't know anything
about it, of cour being astranger, and supp« Aad
he was seme soldier crother on a night foraging
expedition, That was enough to set them going,
and with a hurried goodnight, and their compli
ments to the old Colonel, they left me, and soon
wer? beating the bushes down the creek

‘Tt was now my business to getaway, and dress-
ing myself a mas Tecould and fixing the pa
tieetso that he would not suffer any more than
wos necessary, | started out, determined to take
the back track as the sofest and least liable to be
worked over again during the day at least. At
the foot of the stoirs Tran chuck into a darkey
a lantern and an ormful of firewood. 7
held him up before he could make any outery,
and taking the elianee on his color, TF told) him
whe T was, of that | was an escaping Vankee
prisoner, and asked his good offleas IT didn't

  
 
 

 

  
  

} tell bim auything about the condition of his mas

ter, but insisted that he should give me a fair
start and keep lis mouth shut about having
seen me Vart!y through fear and partly be
eause he loved the Yankees, or the principles
they represented, he agreed to my proposals and
took me out past the dows and the barn and other
obstacles and headed me across the flelds to a
ehainoef hills ebout three miles off in which he
said T would find caves where the colored people

 

 

Were aecustomed to hide when trying lo get away
He told me also thot his master was the only
White person in the house, as the ladies had been
sent down te Kiclimend) He said the Colonel
wasn't se sick as ie was 4 crank and the ladies
were glad enough to leave bim in charge of the
servants

It was new approaching daylight, and I went

  

foward the hills as fast as Teould. About two
miles on the way, Peame to a heuse with a light
shining from the kitchen window, It was a

viler house than the other, and as T passed

vlome back of it, PE heard
inside, and stopping ¢ moment, saw through
the window a dior with » gunin his hand driv
mg A weman about, prodding her every now and

Wan Cursing some che

Spring Fashions

$ 4 h
3% AATs
Stow their > -
Usual Perfection
in Quality,
tule
and tinish.

  

Saks \
ALOIBTERED RD IA316

Hikes

13'S 2 BROADWAY”, 307°
wew Yorn

Hawes Mat onan

13° aRasauAy 30"

NEW YORK

 

“Tf you're ut all particniar aboat the style
of your hat, wear a HAWES."

AGENTS IN ALL PRINCIPAL CITIES,

 

SS eetntaheneetcneinnivieenasentinienerniniatinnatacatserenas

  

  

Glass Right

HIGGINS & SEITER:

FINE CHINA
RICK CUT GLASS.

Here ts important News About

a Snecial Sale of Bric-a-Brac

Consisting of Coulton, Royal Vienna, Royal
Bonn, £te., Ta Be Sold at Exactly

50c. ON THE

We have selected about 100 pieces of art

pottery, plaques,
sell at once.
exactly '2
lifetime.

in these goods.

ROYAL VIENNA

gold

ROYAL VIENNA

Zuege!.

VIENNA PORCELAIN.

 

y '2 our former selling price.
nity of this kind presents. itself ony once ina
We fee e

throughout, 42% in. high; former price $450.00, selling price
We have only the one vase,

ROYAL BONN VASE underglaze blue decoration with marine
9 view on one side and landscape with

sheep on the other, 88 inches high, This piece is signed by H. $3

Former price $80.00, selling price. . ‘ oeeuel

Subject, “Mother Love.” Former price, including
gilt trame, $12 akeeEREI TEES $62.50

DOLLAR

 

etc, which it is our purpose to

We have marked the entire lot at

An opportu-

| certain you would be interested
We mention a few only.

richly decorated with mythological

VASE, subjects, two handles, with $45.00

25 inches high; former price $10.00, selling price.........
We have two of these.

superbly decorated with mythological

VASE, suljecta, rich colors, gold 25.00

0.00

5.00, selling price pane

! pterist! dmill decoration | Aerglar
ROYAL BONN VASE, fii, 3itines han tormer vrice 810 U0, selitng price 220-00

ENGLISH DOULTON VASE,
VIENNA PORCELAIN,

magnificently decorated with roses, raised enamel and
raised gold work on neck and foot, two han-
dies. This isa superb piece, 20 inches high, former price $125.00, selling price......

subject “Hero and Leander.” Size, including frame,
24x¥, former price $100.00, selling price............. $50.00

$62.50

“TOILET OF VENUS." -Abisnit greater Jnrenitrant fans "eran: Ss:

| gelling price..........

ENGLISH DOULTON VASE,

flowers and gold, handsomely decorated, 10 $7 50
inches high, former price $15.00, selling price ®

TEPLITZ FIGURE, jue inches high, former prise $58.00, $29.00

A NEW LINE
OF FRENCH

port,
solid gold on the edges,
about ': the price of the English chima

Dinner plates, S28.80 Jozen

Preakiast plates 25.20 |
Roup - 2700 °
Tea or salad plates 24.00

   

AG. 0
3LSS  "

Bread and butrer .
Tea cups and saucers
Choeo.ate Cups and saucers

Here is an instance where the Frenchman has ao faithfully reproduced an
English Coalport pattern both as to decoration and shape that: unless you
looked at the wark on the hack you would certainly say it was English Coal-
It has the panel decoration in maroon or green with bouquet of flow.
ers between each panel of color, gold center, goid Jace work throughout and
The price,as you will note by the follow ng, is

 

Boulllon cupa and saucers,......, 84.20 dozen
Chop set, 15 pieoes.... . 33.60 each
Saladset,13 60"—Cs; 27.40 “

| Chop platter., aise ’ ou "
Salad or berry bowl,..........+. ». 580 "
lve cream platters. .... . 29S ”

There is only enough in this line for one or two days’ good selling: we suggest your early

attention,

DINNER WARE.

amoges china dinner sets, your choice of jour
tions, at. és ‘ (eneeeesesrise

Same sets with edge of each article best burnished @old.........eeceee eee

50-54 WEST

 

then with his bayonetin a playful fashion
te throw bis arm around

 

 

 

ajonally be wenuld try
he tne k and she would dedge and make for the
t ! } nl le th lus fun
door, when be would turn her aside wi
The man was ey jy half drunk, and as I
watched the Procerdityy my hentucky blood
asserted itself, and I determined to interfere, even
tring. Tamede a quick

we great sh bow ru }
at tlie # ' as 1 stopped a mo

 

 

ment before opening it, [heard the man order
the weman to bein a hurry with bas breakfast,
and then T wolked in without: Knocking Hie |
stood with bas to the do tthree dertaway,

 

‘ | t waiting to abphbeunee nyu tention,
Det Ni have my fist in the neck as hard as I
could drive. He wert in one direction and his
gunn the other, and the woman sereany dull I
thousit she would) bring the whole Conf derate
anny down on me 1 shut her up pretty soon,
and by this time the man was getting to lis fret,
and cursing me with a vengeance, Half way to
his knees, TP ohit him again, this time between
the eves and he wert down in 4 heap and staid
there, | picked up the gun and told the woman

roo h the
ane Es a6 that she was not further disturbed
by the seldier, She was frighitfuliy nervous,
but she pulled herself together and with my help
she got some bacon fried and made & pot of c Itee
The soldier in the meantime, came 10, and then

Tyanked him and kieked him clear out to the road

 

Id hin | belonged to the Third Kentucky, and |
1 told hi One nof tus kind when |

at was the way we served me
eet do it a good deal worse, I suggested
to him) that he say to any inquirers that it was
Corporal Leshe of Company Is who i id Dlached
hiseves for him, and they would pot be surprised:
After breakfast 1 gave the woman the gun ane
the anumunitien ane told her to use Wem on the

dae he came that way again,
“i “ ola have been expected, she was very
grateful to me, and when Tteld her | was an escap-
Ing prisoner, end wished her tosay nothing toany
Inquiring parties Who might be coming her way,
she not only agreed to de se, but sent a colored
bow, who came in just after Thad Hinished my
bi akfast, to act as guide ty a cave where d ¢ uld
not only hide, but could go throwsh te the valley
beyond, and from there would have a fair chance
to make my Way te the river through 4 terri ry
Where there Were ho troops at all, She also gave
me a letter to her sister, who lived on) the river
and kept a beat, that migut be convenient, [
reached the cave just as the sun rose, and, guided
by the boy, | passed through for nearly a mile
and came out tea point high upon the rocks over
looking the valley below, bevond which, across
anotner range of low hills, Was tie river and safety,
‘The woman had given me all she had to eat and
the boy bad a litte baw full of apples and turnips
whieh he insisted upon my taking, When I felt
fixed for the day [told the boy he had better go
back, but he would not have it that way, and said
ho was quing on te the river with me, so I wouldn't
miss the road, | was giad enough to have him
for he was great company, and [ really enjoyed
my stay in the cave that day, though what the
next day might have in swre for me Was not pleas

antto think about

"We got away as soon as it was dark, ond, keep
ing to the creeks, Wwe were across the valley by
midnight and on the banks of the river by doc look
in the morning. [| should say it was twelve or
fifteer miles, and | was pretty tired: but the boy
16 vears ol) was 4s fresh as 4@ daisy, and

  

(he was
seemed to think there was nothing like saving &
Vanker Just the same, he we wld not agree to

to the Yankee army, because be said
s was @ nice lady and mighty goed to
was golme to stick by ber til the war

go with me
his mistir>
him, and i
was over,
“Then he
wouldn't leave ber tl
and he reckoned she
that only a carhy . hows how te

hesitated a’ moment
“nif she wonted him to stay
did. ‘This with a echnehle
urhve We found

 

 

the bouse of the lady's sister shut up, but the ’
surred! it the colored people ino the cabin ad
1 was taken inside while one of the

joining, and

 

  
 

women took the note b had and earrted te the
main house. Much te my surprise, th yeame
out to the darky cabin to see me and she ked
frightened. | hastened to assure her that { was

all right, but she told me in a whisper (hat there
were four Confederate olheers sleeping in the hotise

and two pickets watching the terrs The only
chanee she said was for me to asstn the character
of the colored man whe took the mul aerves every
morning ot daylight to the little town on the other
side, or to hidein the cabins nd wait ll the soldiers
went away There was too much risk in waiting
ond [elected to be milkman I blacked myself

nthe milkinon s clothes

with lard and soot pu
and si hat and with my be
ption, Ewent down t the ferry with my

out the d
milk cane on # long yoke over my she ulders, just
I took a

as the mijhinan was Aaceur fomed to do.
lithe earher start, se Chere wouldnt be too mteh
daylight, and passe! the plekets without any
dimeulty as they were both half asleep at that
hour, We made the trip across without ineident,
the boy agreed to deliver the milk as he had done
it before, and tell some sort of alle abouta'runa
wav nigger’ when he went) te Whatever
happened [don t know, but Tima eks around
that village and headed for the Federal lines as
fast as | could, reaching them at noon that day,
about as tuekered out as Lever was tomy Life
"Not many weeks later the whole Confederate
fabric went to pieces and it became iny pleasure
to return in some small cegree the kindnesses
extended to me by the two sisters, both real Southera
ladies, also to remember the bow who acted aa
my guide, and even the Colonel, who needed a
friend at court because he was such @ rantank-
erous old rebel,”

b

h
“uch

  

 

sh china dinner ware patterns.

WEDDING GIFTS A SPECIALTY,

Qvea ; Row ING IN N, A.

breakfast and 1 would eat at |

well, he

genide to help

So grand and complete is our atock of dinner ware that we cannot re-
frain from mentioning it,
ricer reeantiy added, also severa: rich Fugit

There are several new inexpensive English
We are selling

very anus Hower cover’: $18.00 per set
$26.75 per set

22D STREET.

 

BOOMING,

 

|
Candidates Are Plentiful and Season's

Prospects Encouraging.

The impetus given to rowing by the decision
to hold the national regatta on the new Speed-
way course and tosend the winning crews to
Paris has had the effect of stirring up the
officials of the New York A. C., and the row-
ing departmentis more active now than for
years past. Since the first week in January
Coach Giannini has had his men working on
the machines and he now has more candidates
than ever before trying for places on the
Junior eight. Every Monday, Wednesday and
Friday the men take turns at the machines
from So'cloek until 10:30 at night and then
go through aseries of setting up exercises,
The stroke they are learning is the same that
enabled the “winged foot” crew to beat the
Weld B.C. and Columbia University at the
Harlein regatta last spring. It consists of a
good long body swing, hard, quick catch with
the back before using the slides and hard leg
drive, followed by a quick start of the alide on
the first part ofthe recovery and slow on the
latter part

Though not particularly heavy, the men in
training are muscular and some have made
their mark in other sports. Among the most

like'y from whom the crew will probably be

selected are; Douglas, W. Moore, Jackson,
Copeland, Stull, Merrill. Kennelly, Elmore,
Perkam, Riswell, M. Moore, Place, Padelford,
Henriques, Cobb, Whitney, Miller, Kelly and
Arnold, Capt. Sherrill has in mind the new
Koch Cup, presented in place of the one won
outright by the club at the last Harlem re-
gatta, and the crew will therefore not endanger
its status by rowing in the junior event at the
Passaic regatta on Decoration Day, but will
holt olf until the Hariem fixture in June,
_ The ight that defeated the Weld and Co-
lumbia Juniors are, however, also practising
twice a week, and will be entered at Passaic in
the intermediateevent. The old men available
are: Anderson, stroke; Cobb, 7; Trumpler, 6;
Zimm, 5; Rowell. 4: Bryant, 4, and Campbell,
2. Waliaer, the hockey player, who rewed bow
sust year, is married and will not train this
season. His viaee will probably be taken by
Whitney, who is showing good form in the pre-
litinary work, Coach Giannini is confident
thatif the men row in the same form as last
year they will graduate from the intermediate
class at Passaic, They will then makea bid
for vietory in the senior eight-oared race at the
National regatta and be in line for @ possible
trip to Paris,

It is also intended to enter the four-oared
crew that won the intermediate race at the
National regatta at Boston in the senior event
on the Speedway course, The following three
are ready to row: ©. G ‘Turner, bow; A, G
Keane, 2: 1, Pitzgerald, &.  Radeliffe, last
season's stroke, is out of the city, but Gian-
nini has E. Wo Seort, T. E. Tomlinson and G
Kolatede, all seniors, to aeleet from for the
vacant seat. All the crews will go to Traver's

Island an April 1, and begin work on the
water.

Collie Major Victor Sold,

St. Lovis, March 3.—Mrs, R. 1. Slattery sold
her collie Major Victor to-day to Charles
Blamer of Clifton Heights for $850. The Mayor
has taken first prize at nearly all dog shows
held in ree ont vears

Phe st, Loufs Kennel Club to-day gent out
to dog owners and trainers its prize Jists and
entry blanks forthe bench show to be held at
the West End Coliseum, from April 18 to 21
Three hundred and seventy-ve classes are
provided for
ames

ARNING

 

COLUMBIA BUCKLE
BELT

Self-Fastening and Adjustable
on Fabrics
Then

Beats All,

PAT. MAY 22, L494.
REG, MARCH 2, 1400.

COLUMBIA BUCKLE CO.,

97 CROSBY ST., NEW YORK,

 
 

cla a8
| Grecian Prince...

  

Art Sales and Exhibitions.

JAMES P. SILO, Auctio
Fifth Avenue
Art Galleries,

S66 Fifth Ave., Between M4th and 3bth Sts,

On Free View.

Commencing MONDAY,
March Sth, Day and Evening,

until time of Sale by Auction
Thursday and Friday, March 8th and 9th,
Special Collection
oO

OIL PAINTINGS

Y
Eminent American and

Foreign Artists,
Consisting of the Private Collection of

Dr. T. J. Biggs

OF STAMFORD, CONN.,
With Some Additions,

Some of the

American Artists Represented:

Horatio Walker, F. 8, Hamilton,

 

neer.

H. W. Ranger, L. P. Desear,

H. Siddons Mowbray, H. B, Snell,

Wm. M. Chane, Henry Dearth,
Edward Simmons, Chas, Warren Eatoa,
C, C, Curran, B. P. Pieterss,

W. Verplanck Birney,
Leonard Ochtman,
Gustave Verbeek,
Fmil Carlsen,

J. Appleton Brown,
F. de Haven,

Robt, Reid,

FE. Percy Moran,

Geo. W. Maynard,

Carleton Wiggins,
1. C, Barle,

F, Ruase!l Green,
Childe Hassam,
Wm. H. Howe,

W. L. Lathrope,
R. L. Newman,
Wm. Day Strevtor,
Fred. B, Williams,

Some of the

Foreign Artists:
Hagborg, Perrault, Clays,
Berne-Bellecour, Portielje, Lesur,
Toudouze, Grandjean, Van den Eyokea,
Beignac, Rit, fianches-Perries,
Jimines, De Haas, Musia,
Pattien, Tenre, Debat-Ponsoa,
Bellanger, Lazerges, Lobrichon,

Verboeckhoven, Grolleron, Zuber-Buhler,

 

American Art Galleries,

MADISON SQUARE SOUTH, NEW YORE,

FREE VIEW

9A. M. SA. M.
until until
6P. M. 6P. M.

 

Rare Books,
Curios and Art Objects,

Including

Two Extraordinary
Ancient Silk Rugs

anda
COLLECTION OF ANTIQUE FINGER RINGS,
Gathered by the Late

CARL EDELHEI1
of Philadelphia,

To Be Sold at Absolute Public Sale by
order of the Executors,

ON WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7TH,
and Three Following Days,
at 2:30, and on WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY
EVENINGS, MARCH 7 and 8, at 8 o’Clock.

THOMAS E. KIRBY, Auctioneer.
American Art Association, Managers,
Pm er - |

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

 

MINIATURE ALMARAC~THIS DAY.

Sun rises......6:81 | Sun sets,.5:55 | Moon rises, 10:18
HIGH WATER—THIS Dart,

Bandy Hook 9:39 | Gov I'd. 10;11 | Hell Gate. .13:06

 

Arrived—Saturpay, March 8
U. 8. Transport McClellan, Nye, San Juan, Feb. 84,
Se Lucania, McKay, Liverpool, Feb. a
Rs New York, Roberts, Southampton, Feb. 34,

    

Ss Barcelona, Bohn, Hamburg, Feb. 14,

hs Seneca, Decrer, Campeche, Fe, 15,

As Orinoco, Carey, Bermuda, Feb, 28.

Bs Washington. Dinklage, Geestemunde, Feb. 12

  

Se Chattahoochee, Lewis, Boston, March 2.

Ss Seminole, Bearse, Jacksonville, Feb, 28,

S* Alamo, Hicks, Galveston, Feb. 24.

Bs Oneida, Staples eT aroe: Feb, 28.

Se Princess Anne, Norfolk, March 2.

Ss Kansas City, Fisher, Savannah, March 1.
Barkentine WhiteWings, Kemp, Manzenilla, Peb.4@,

ARRIVED OUT.
fie Graf Waldersee, from New York. at Hambarg,
Ss Campanta, from New York. at Liverpool,
Se Peninsular, from New York, at Lisbon,
Se Marquette, from New York, at Londgn.

    

BAILED FROM FORRIGN PORTS.
Se St. Paul, from Southampton for New York,
Re L' Aquitaine, from Havre for New York,
Se Etruria, from Liverpool for New York,
Ss Kensington, from Antwerp for New York.

 

OUTGOING STFAMSHLPS,
Sail Tomorrow,

Matls Close, Vessel Salt,

Manitou, London ‘Fe urea peas 900amM
Onpoco, Bermuda A1000AM 1200M
Seminole, Charleston i vestbal eon 800PM

Sat. Tuesday, March 6,
Saale, Bremen .... . 700AM 1900 SB
El Sud, New Orleans. ee brisate 800P

Saul Wednesday, March ?,

New York, Southampton, . 700AM 1000AM
Germanic, Liverpool....... 9O0AM 1200
Southwark, Antwerp...... 1080AM 1200
Athos, Colon urinate ClO 100P
Semuranca, Havana 100? M 800 P
Algonquin, Charleston ‘ : 800 Kr
Alaino, Galyeston...... { eiveseness 300P

INCOMING STFAMBHIPS.

Dur To-day.

Kurrachee,........ Anbraltar.......... Pet
Flowergate Gibraltar. . Feb, 3

.» Gibraltar ........
. Antwerp,
Malaga.
Gibraltar
»Lishou saeee
St. Lucia veseee
Rio Janeiro........ Feb.

Barlby

Maseonomo..,...

Cuateau Yquem
ee

 

 

    

   

  

 

Weathorn

Maraval.......c+00 f ves
Rawtor. Alaiers
Pretoria... .. Hamburg...

La Cbampag :Havre,..... Feb. 2
POG. crccceree San Juaa Feb. 37
Due To-morrow.

Georgir Liverpool soe Peb, 26
Spartan Prince... . Gibraltar . Feb. 19
E| Dorado . New Orleans . Feb. 28
Algonquin..... Jacksonyville.......March 2
Due Tuetd uy, March 6
KaiserWilbelin derGrogse. Bremen... «...- Feb, 28
Westerniand Antwerp ceo Feb. 26
Borieaus Pauilia Feb, 20
Vinasdam...........5. Rotter tam Feb. 22
Exeter City...... pwansea Feb. 20
Hudson > New Orleans, Feb 28
Fl Cid... New Orleans March &
Enrope.....seseree st. Lucia Feb, 28
Dut Wednestdiy, Murch?
Menominee....,....... London Feb, 24
Bremen Bremen Fou, 26
Werra » Gibraltar Feb, 2t
Hawkes Bay ; Landen Feb. 21
Exce!sior................. New Orleans March 1
Coneno,, se . Galveator Feb, 28
Allianga Colon . March 1
Due Thursday, March §

Criti¢. ....6.605 ° Dundee Feb. 23
E) Rio New urleane ..-March 8
Due Friday, March?

Mtate of Nebraska clegow Feb. 24
Palatia Hanbury Feb. 36

THE REAL ESTATE BOARD OF BROKERS

are using THE SUN as an official authority op
ali matters appertaining to Heal batate.
more comprehensive aud detailed form
eneral news information is not to be
any other publication, Ady,

 

 

“i

wes