NEW ERA AT BONNER FARM

HORSEMAN’'S
MROTTERS,

FAMOUS
URELDING

PLANS OF
BONS FOLK

Continuation of the Stud a Big Surprise
About

 

 

David Bonner Talke
Jim and Other Loteresting Tope, John
Is Quoted on the Auton le.

splan

‘The announceinent last week that the sons of
the late Robert Bonner had decided to continue
ho brooding of trotiers atthe wi lely known Honner
YVarm, near ‘Tarrytown, was a8 Ubexpected as it
was pleasing t» all horse fancers When Sunol,
g:04',, and all the other flyers owned by the
distinguished horseman, excepting only old
Maud 5, 2.08%, were sold at auchon last month,
everybody tn the horse world assumed that the
connection of the Bonner family with horse aifairs
had ended, lide dreaming that even then Robert
Edwin Bonner and Frederic Bonner, with their
gncle, David Bonner, were laying plans for a pew re

ime at the old country place io Westchester coun
ty. [snow turns out that all the purchases made
by WN. Beach atthe Garden sale were for the

nner Farm, so that new occupants had been
oe for the box sialls left vacant by old favorites
Oven before the latter had passed under the auction
éer's hammer

“Why in the world didn’t thagytcaaaome of the

yally bred young mares in the old collection

@ qustion that has been often ashed among

orsewien during the last week. David Bonner,
Who is to manage the new breeding establishment,
@nswered the query the other day by saying:

“Yo have reserved a single animal from the
gale would have spoiled everything Right or
Wrong, horsemen would have felt that the best

nes were being held back, and this feeling would
alfected the bidding on every one that was
@old. | believe such @ course would have taken
@t least 20 per cent. off the aggregate of the sale.

nd, in my judgment, the same thing would have
at true if Robert Bonner had sold these horses

uring his lifetime, even though he had bold them :

ut true, that horses that outlive their owners
@lways bring bigher prices when sold at auction
@f course there were many animals in the col
Qection that it will be hard to replace, yet it was
ise to let them all go, 80 long as some were to
sold.”

“What about the new plans for the old farm,”
Soquired a reporter of THe SUN, who saw Mr.
Bonner at his office in the Murray Hill Lotel

“Well, it was all very sudden, this decision to

‘ontinue the farm as a breeding ectablishment

t waslargely a matter of sentiment. My brother's
fons, both of whom like the trotters just as well
@s their father did, were reluctant to see the old
place pass out of existence, and they said to me
just before the sate that if I would consent to look
@fter the management of a new stud they would
coon and restock the farm. Tassured them that
it would be a pleasure to me, end so we set about
Khe business of finding new stallions end new
brood-mares to take the places of Ansel and Rus
Bella, and the rest

“tlow extensive will the new stud he”
She reporter

“Not so large as it was before. Perhaps forty
or fifty animals. We mean to maintain a high

tandard in quality rather than in numbers
There are already nineteen head on the pl:
Fight of these were bought at the Garden from
the consignment of H. I. Asher, and I }

f without reserving asingleone = [tis #ingrular,

 

asked

ve

Bince then »urchased nine yearlings and two
frear-olds from Mr. Asher at privatesale, High
land Baron and Baron Review are the two
@tallions at the head of the new stud Both |

are sons of Baron Wilkes, 2.18, and their blood
fines are much alike on the other side of the
house, the second dam of one horse being the
third dam of the other. Highland Baron is from
Irma, 2:13',, by Nutwood, 2.154),

 
 

 

to Maud S second dam, M
by Happy Medium, the sire of Nancy s
end third dam, Maggie Keene by Mambrino

Hatcher The dam of
Maiden, 2:20%, a full sister to Maggie Medium
pext dam, Maggie keene, and third dain,old Laura

 

Fair, by Downing’s Ratter. | have known this
family many years, and [ consider it to be one |
ef the best lines in the trotung register, ‘Thus |
was one of the reasons for buying Ue two staal
fons. Laura Fair, as all horsemen know, pro
duced the stout-hearted old caimpaigner, heene
Jim, 2 10 This horse was the arst four yeer

old trotter to beat 220.
made a record of 2:24') ina colt race at Lexing
ton, and Was the sensational colt trotter of lis
day. My brother bought him suon alwr this pes
formance.

“LT must tell you an interesting bit of unwritten
bistory concerning bim, by the way. in Is
Charles A. Dana bought Keene Jim from iovert
Bonner at the suggestion of William © Bartlett
Who was 6 close personal fnend of both men
On the very day of Mr. Bardett's death, a short
time later, Keene Jim made his reeonl of 210 at
the Grand Circuit) Meeting in Butlaio. Not
long afterward Mr. Dana seut Keene Jim to one
of the auction sales of trotters, and it was char
acteristic of Robert Bonner that he atteuded the
sale and made just one bid on the horse $4,000

actly the sum he had received when Mr. Dana

ugot Keene Jim a few years before, lie was
determined that Mr Dana should lose nothing
by his purchase, so he started the bidding at the
original selling price, intending te go no higher,
yet to allow the horse to be solid for no less — it
was the only bid made, and Keene Jim returned
to the Bonner atable

“Besides Keene Jim, Laura Foir produced
ties le Keene and she in turn produced ‘Telos,

e Almont mare that was the dam of Nvan

Away back in 1577

le

 

 

 

Elsie: and Lexie May, £20';, Another
aggie Reene s daughters was Spanish Maiden
2:207,, the dam of Baron Review and of Mar
rave with a three-searcld record of 216!
till another deughter was Maggie Meciim
the mare that produced Irra. 2is*,. the cam
{ Highland Baron, So you see it is a@ line that
fe produced speed in every generation Mest
of the young mares we have purchased thus far
mre daughters of Alfred G., 210%, the son of
Antey 2:16'4, by Eleetioneer” Alfred G. is the

re of Charley Merr, 2.10, one of the most 1
markable four-year-old trotters ever seen cu the
turf.
“We mean to compine the blood of the three
reat branches of the Hamblet.nian family;
fi. Wilkes, Electioneer, and Nutwood branches
lieving this as the best way to produce extreme
ed Sut speed iy not to be the scle aim at
f e Konner Farm, In these days the successiul
Dreeder must look to size. conformation, quality,
yle and true showy action, as well as to speed
f he overlooks these things he ts poing to fail
ccornling to my belief, We are selecting cur
receding stock with a view to the producing ef
@ good park horse or read horse when we fail to
et one fast enough for the track — I believe that
auty of form can be cultivated without the
erifice of speed and our efforts will be directed
lo this end from the start.”
“What do I think about
breeding’ | think it is bright; very bright for
those who go aboutit in the right way. We
ate coming tw a noint where high class horses
will he very searce and therefore very dea In
fact when we read about 4 patr of carriage horses
Hing for $7,500, and see Speedway trotters
etching 86,100 under the hammer, it is atwut
time to say that good horses are now high-priced.’
‘How about the automobile crowding the horse

the future of horse

   

out of favor as some say it is going to do,” asked |

the reporter

1 will answer that question by quoting my
friead, Johu Splan,” sald Mr. Bonner Splan
Rays the automobile will supplant the horse about

the time that the typewriter takes the place of |

the piano.”

‘The memories of the old regime at Bonner Farm |

@fe vivid to any one who takes the trouble to go
out to Tarrytown and wander through naddocks
and stables with Jolin Gleason, the superintendent
who bas been at the farm for ten wears, aud whose
veneration for Robert Bonner is almost a religion

   

The fact that he is superintendent is one of the
any pleasant stories connected with Eonner
arm Iwenty vears ago. John Gleason, then

 

asmall boy who belonged on a neighboring farm,
ysed to spend hours on the broad stone wall that
ivides the cemetery from the track, watehing
the trotters as they made their trials uncer the eve
of the master in the old historic stand, and plan
ning to move heaven and earth to get into the en
loy of Robert Bonner and le to drive
vorses himself = Like most ambitions persistently
followed up, this one was gratified. and before
Johu Gleason was 25 years ol he was super
intendent of Bonner Farm, and a driver of trot
ters. Mr. Gleason is full of reminiccences of the
old regime at the farm, as well as hope for the suc
cass of the new, While he shows ihe beautiful
peatuckians, and puts them through there grace
1) paces with all a hotseman’s pride. he recall

   

the mung excellences of the past ger ration. and
every new turn in the walk around the farm brings
up a new anecdote of the well beloved master

whose rule was absolute for so maiy vear

Perhaps the most jealously preserved relic of
the past is the old stand overlooking the track
Here Mr. Bonner spent all the time he could erare
from the stables and the blacksmith shop, and
here are marked in pencil, by bis hand,
of the performances that have attained world
wide fame The stand is carefully watched,
and strengthened at times where tt has grown
rotten wil) age, bub never a touch of
threatened those old pencil marks, and all Donne
Farin might go before the old stand would
destroyed of removed from its place

Here are exultant comments on the successive
records of Edwin Forrest, all pencilled on a sinooth
beard in the roof of the stand, and they tell their
own story of equine triumph and the master’s

pride The first is

Jul, 2, 1876—The greatest mile ever trotted in the
voria, Edwin Forrest—wagon—s4; 1:03, 1:41:45,
Bil6'4

> Just below, in the hand of Andrew Allen Bon

Keene .

Jaron Review is Spanish |

those !

 

be

  

  

 

 

' her, the son who died before his father, is the
story of what the trotter achieved with Mr, Bonner
himself holding the reins:

(hia beats it! July 1, 2870, Kdwin Forrest,
(ROB) wagon 89%, LuTM: Brak, Boe

| ‘The nextie again in Mr. Bonner's writing,

|
for this time the aon waa driving

; Another like unto it. Fdwin Forrest to sulky
(Alley), July 28, JA7TV, 33, LOuhy, 1:40'@. 2i0's,

The next time Edwin Forrest: was driven by
& professional, “Henest John’ Murphy, and
Mr. Konner again writes:

Vortest's greatest. Aug. ¥, 1879 Murpby),—324%,
105'6, boy, 21M

In 1876 are records of the famous old mare
Molsey, and of Young Pocahontas. Molsey
mace her time on July 2, in 344), LOS, baat,
2185's Young Pocahontas did her mile in 2:174,
which was a great achiwvement in 1876 Another
note shows that Music, in 1877, had not bettered
' it, forher mile was made in216%. Maud Macey,

on Oet, 16, 1575, trotted her mule in 2:17, and from

that time the record grows lower a9 the years
advance,

One particularly interesting note shows the
, muesses of Mr. Bonner and his two sons, Allen
end Frederic, at the speed of Rarus, that was to
be driven around the track by John Murphy,

Jlere is the record as it stands!

Karus, (Murphy.
qk Bo2 ih,

FB. 2:11 44,

A.A. B. 2:14'@.

Time, 2:11.

Of a later date two are notes of the speed
of Maud S, and they show how she tnereased
her apeed by 03% within three days. The first
was written by Allen Bonner:

Maud 8,, Aug, 10, 1887, Driven by KR. Bonner to
wagou--2. 1454.

The second announces briefly:

Maud &., Aug. 19, 1887—2:104 (high-wheel sulky),

When the difference between the old high
wheel sulky and the new bicycle wheels is taken
{nto consideration the achievement of Maud S$
thirteen years ago seems to merit the significant
brevity of this pencilled note, No comments
Were necessary

Next to the stand, Mr. Bonner's favorite haunt
was the blacksmith shop. He made a close and
scientific study of the horse's hoof, and was one
| of the greatest authorities on shoeing. Ile would

study the subject at night, for he sometimes

allowed himself not more than four hours’ sleep,and
| then spend the greater partofaday directing prac
' tical experiments in the shop. As it stands now,
| the litde building looks as though Mr Bonner
might come in any moment. His old straw hat
hangs on the wall; his leather-cushioned stool
is in {ts placa in the corner, and hanging just
under the hat is the megaphone through which
he used to shout his orders to the stables. In the
corner next the forge is a shelf, labeled in) his
characteristic handwriting’ “One Cent Reward
for the detection of any person who touehes any
thing on this board.” This shelf holds all sorts
of precious odds and ends: toe-weights of different
patterns, the bones of a horse's foot with which

1 used to demonstrate his theories of shoeing,
and models of all descriptions

Potent arrangements were sent him by the
hundred, but they met with little faver Le
could shoe a horse better than anybody in Amer
ea, and plain bar or leather bits were all that
were ever allowed on Bonner Farm Bits of
various descriptions, sent to Mr Konner by am
bitious inventors, bang on the wall of the black-
smith shop as examples of the kind not to use,
but they never felt the inside of @ horse's mouth

Most significant of all, though, is the array
of pattern shoes on the walls of the little shop
Here mirht be read the history of every hore
thathas livedon Bonner Ferm Itwastherecres
fion and pleasure of Robert Bonner to remedy
every possible defect fn the horse's hoof that
could be remedied by scientifie shoeing, and the
shop walls are lined with evidences of his labor
of It is also significant that in one corner
hang in eat bunches the steel shoes worn by
the young Kentuckians when they came to Bon
ner Farm Every one has been reshod under
the personal direction of Mr) RoE Bonner, who
has given much careful study to the subject

Guesaes

 

Racing at New Orleans.
New Ornrtrans, March 3.—Sidney Lucas seems

to be himself again, Giving away weight he
won the Oakland Handicap this after-
room goipg away and beating auch good
ones as Wolhurst and Al Freseo, The
race Was one mile and & quarter and
was worth $1,000, It was a loaf fora mila

and a sixteenth, which just suits Lucas's style

of running, when, ‘et down tn the streteh, he
} galloped over Wolhurst and Al Froseo, the
choices. This race makes Sidney Lucas a

dangerons ‘actor In the Crescent City Derby,
Wiich isto be decided this month, Summaries;
Pirst Race--Three-year-olt fillies; six furlongs
Fleuron, ti2 (Miteheil, Sto 2 and 2to 56, won, Miss
M Day, 212 (Boland), 4. t» plae, sec nd;
Jamaica, 112 «Shaw, third, Tigre, 1415
second Race—Maiden two-vear-olds
Choe, 118 (MeJoy uty, 4 to > and out, won, Prop
ces Rees, 102 (Hothersoll), 10 to Ll place, seeond;
| Ausxions, 110 (Clawson), third. Time, o:4ug

Third Hace--Steeple base Handicap, four yea
olia and upward, short course-Cheesemite, 150
Uneston), 8 to 10 and 2 to . won: Princess Murphy,
100) (Stewart), 2to 1 for place, *econd; Phil Becker,
181 (Finley), third, Time, 3:2

Fourth Race~Oakland Handicap; three-year-olds
and upward) one mileand three furlong): -Sidner
Licas, 4S (Wedderstrand), 3 to land even, won;
Wolburst, 111 Clawson), 3to 6 for place second Al

 

 

 

 

 

Fraio, 103 (Mitchell), third, Time, 2:04
' Fitth Race—Selling: fouryearolds ead upward;
one mile and three furlongs Pat Garrett, 40 Moller

  

 

four furlongs |

SS = _

HIN THE BASEBALL WORLD.

  

 

COMING HERE
CKASIS,

LEAGUE MAGNATES
270 FACKR A LINAL
Hanlon Holds a Lovg Contab With Abell
und Ebbets-Von der Morat's Att lea
Mystery—Indicatlons Are That a ng.
Suffering Public Will Soon Be Relieved,

President N.
from the League baseball magnates, has iasued a
formal call for the annual spring meetiig tw be
held at the Fifth Avenue Hotel next Wednesday
morning. This meats that the Circuit Committee,
composed of Brush, Soden, jlart and
will probably get together again before that time
in order to prepare a« final report. Lt will be re
membered that the cominittee was appointed at
the December meeting to see what could be done
in reference to reduciug the membership to eight
clubs. After no end of Lluffing, bulldozing, mis
representations and denials itis safe to say that
at the present stage nobody in the League knows
what the outeome of the negoations will
alihough several individuals have pot hesitated
‘The public has been tired
methods of the club

  
 

Young, acting under ordets

to make predictions
out by the absurd business
owners, and the game itself has been made to
suffer to an immeasurable degree, ‘There
heen much rubber-shoe
tactics and double-dealing that patrons of base
ball have turned away from the so-called magnates
in disgust. Any lover of baseball will say that
the League club owners must settle the matterone
way or another during the coming week if they
have any desire left for liberal patronago ‘The
wild scramble for gate receipts, the shifting of
star players to certain cities where profits are
looxed for, and the constant discussion relative
to the money end of the sport are evils that it will
take a jong time to wipe out) In a word, the
club-owners have made baseball too much of a
hee

MM mystery secrecy

mercenary business to suit the patrons who
s for the sport, have mace
Therefore,
a quick ending to the Uresome tangle is generally

cause of their fondn
it possible for the league to exist

demanded

Baseball men are divided, it seems, in the opin
fon as to whether it is advisable to reduce the cir
cuit or not, Baseball cranks of Greater: New
York are indifferent. They do not cate whether
there are eight, ten, twelve or sixter
circuit so long as the New Yorks and Brooklyns
fast ball. ‘The Brooklwns have a cham

pn Cubs in ihe

can play
pion team already; the New Yorks have a ning
that in an eight club circuit would flnish close to
the tail end, as itis constitu
Freedman says that unless there are eignt clubs
this year he will not strengthen the New York
team, and will thereby go on killing the gama
{hat
dman will

 

The magnates bave been assured, however
if they cut the clubs down to eight Fr

barrel of m

 

pend a to provide a
winner for the Polo Grounds
In the face of this assurance, therefore, the ma

Preed man's

uey

nates are somewbat annoyed over

 

repeated declaration that he will net purchase
McGraw and Robinson or any other member of
the Baltimore team and that Buch Ewing wil!
strengthen the local team as he may see fit, pr

viding of course, that the circuit ts reduced. Tt

is a weil. known fact that pearly all of the yy
owners bave expected Freedman to buy the pi

of the Baltimore t r they
say there are no other players available who are
Strong enough to make the New Yorks a top

am al the proper time

 

   

  

neigh team Phey also state taat af breedman
warnited to deal sy ndicate balla bod Whew
offer a cash bonus of liberai dimensi for
Haltinore vuttit, whied would place Abell, Vor
Horstand Hanton on the defensive, Spec
as to Freedman’s policy if) the cireuit st
actually reduced is consequent { !
most things in the minds of the club own ts wh
@fe sull bopiog for a crack team at the Dolo
Ground

As a foretunner of what is to come this week

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

Edward Haion, President of the Halumore Ciro
and Manager ol tie Grousiyn (lub, artived io town
yesterday ble registere i baru
aud met by appointment his partners it ib
}and F. A) Abell They shu mseives up i
Room $5 and discussed the tien at lengta
Hlanlon, bke the others, refused un, aithough
he bas been talxing in Baltimore for the pest
two weeks. HR Von der Horst was not present
i the cooference and nobedy would say what
his inientous are As the Brooklyn- Baltimore
people are liable te cuta very Impertant f r

t
| methods an

“to Land 2to 1, won: Admetus, 105) Wink eld), 6 to

fi for place, second; Goose Liver, 202 (Hotheraol),

third. Time, 3 |
Sixth Race Selling; four-year-olds and upward, |

one mile-L, T, Caton, 131 (iilmor

 

4to 5 and out, |

won; Banrica, 12 (\Winkfle!d). 5 to 2 place, second,
Neihe Prince, 125 (Mitchell, third, Time, 1:43

Seventh Race—Selling: three-year-olds and apwarl
seven furlongs—Race Bud, 105 Talley), 2to 1 anda |
to 5S. won: Prince Real #4 Waldo »to Dplace, se

ond; Meddles@me, 100 (Rose, third, Time, tzy

LAWN TENNIS,
Paret and Cragin Win the National Indoor
Champlonship,.

The posponed fina! match for the national
indoor championship in lawn tennis doubles
was played off yesterday afternoon at tha
Seventh Regiment Artrory, before a gather-
jug of enthusiasts, who applauded constantly
the exciting play of the last two.ets, The
match was started a week ago yesterday, after
the other finals had been disposed of, but the
light failing after the second set, the finish had
to be postponed for one week, Yesterday it
Was agreed to let the two sets already
played stand as they were and eontinus
the match from the point where darkness
interrupted the play. The New York pair won
the toss and choose thy service, hold
ing the lead all through rhe first set and finally
winning by 7 to5, the same score as both of
the frst sets n the second set yestaplay. the
fourth of the mateh, the Yale team held the

| lead most of the way, but at Sto¥d Paret and
Cragin gathered themselves together and
pulled up even at 5—all. Then along deuce.
and-vantage strug@ie followed, with the odd
gameeach time in tavorof the New York poir
Finally they captured the needed two games in
euecession, and the mateh was theirs by three
sets toc and with it went the championship

Allen was again very weak in amashing and
overhead play, and his opponents made a mark
of this weak spot for attack. His ground
strokes were the best of the four, however,
while Cragin’s smashing was the best. The
score:

Championship Sincles—Final round J,
Parvtand Calhoun Cragin beat Harold H
and John A. Allen, 5-7, 7-5, 7--b, 10-8

 

 

 

Parmly
Hackett

Sir Thomas still Anxtousto ‘Lift’? the Cup,

| Speeral Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.
Grrevocn, March 4 —Dr. Mackay, the sure
'geon who was in America with Sir Thomas

Lipton during the America’s Cup races last
fall, gays that Designer Watson has admitted
to him that the owner of the Shamrock has
asked for designs for @ new cup challenger.
Sir Thomas is quoted as saying that he will
furnish the money to build the boat onthe best
lesigns, He stil] says that he intends to “lift”
the cup

N.Y. U. Overpowers Lafayette'’s Gymnastic |

Eastos, Feb, 3.-Lalayette proved ne match
forthe New York University gymnasium team
in the second annual meet here to-day, the vis.
ywinning by 57 points told. The

jtors east
results \i

Horizontal Par
d& Belcher, N.Y. o
third

Ww

|
| Team,
|

Won by W.. 6
, second, L

Berry, N.Y. 1 F

G. Kuipe, Lafayette

tings ~Won by RJ. Keene, N.Y, | BM. Bacon,
tte, second: A. D. Chidsey, Lafayette, third
Swinging Won by M. ». MeCracken,S. Y
Lafayette, secoud, M. E. Delaman

N.Y.U5 B.
Auidlvese, Lat,

 

Won by 8, S, Jones
| Boleher, N.¥.U., second; Joseph
| ette, third. Heurht, 6 feets inches

Pumbling=Won by H, M. Hodeon, Lafayette, p,

1 J, Meloher, N. ¥. U,, second; 8. L, Wileox, N, ¥. [
third a
Parallel Bars-—-Won by J.C. Hermann, N Y, 1 F

J. Releher, second; HM, Hodson, Lafayette, thy:

High Jump--Won by 8.8. Jones, W. F. Irwin, \
y. U, second; A. D. Chadsey, Lafayette, third,
Heicht, § feet 1ty inches :

Bide Horne Won by B. HV. Belcher. G. G, Walton,

 

NY ond, O. F, Seider, Lafayette, third

The judges were W. J. Cromie and Charles
A Morrison of Easton and W. A. Rodgers of
Mauch Chunk.

Trap Shooting.

Sone guod shooting was done

U., se

maint has

esterday by the

  

 

members of the Creacent A. ©. 00 the grounds of the
organization, Frank B. Stepbenson won «ix first
prizes, Geant Notman garnered thre: fret trophies
anid ¢ «A. Byhes, the ¢ man oof the Trap
Shoots ‘ommittee of the clial, lewin the two main

 

evs) ts on the day's programme, capturing the Marela
cupio ite first competion and thereby gaining a
a ley ou the haudsome prizeand winning the Van
derveer trophy outright. Dr. H
rive event at twenty Ove targets,

p All events were
at clay targets,

| salaries and itt

within the next few days they have evidently
decided ty keep quiet
if the circuit is
plished after the con
ias)) been first obtained The Baltimore
ian has bean the ¢ f obstacie all along

because appr

reduced it wll be !
of Von d it t

 

rot ¢
Dut itis believed pre
Von der Horst
him to change bis view

dications that Baltlinore
in the interest of barnes
Mectiraw, Robinson
sal

  

4 ttt

  

  

 

 

Kogets, |

be, | ‘
| the salary of the Secretary-Treasurer so that it is

ted at present But |

  

ae ae

 

 

 

 

NEWS OF THe WHEELMEN,
Co-operation for Good Roads Vetween

  

Automobile Club and the L. A. W,

The initial step toward a co-operation of the
good- roads workers of the country may perhaps
be considered as having been taken when the
Automobile Club of America held its good-roads
meeting at the Waldorf-Astoria and invited the
lewdiing men of the L.A. W. This was the first
sugirestion of a coalition between the old and new
forces in the field. A more definivy combination
isu sight though, and the primary steps toward
it were taken yesterday, when A, R, Shattuck,
the chairman of the Good Koads Committee of
the Automobile Club, met by appointment the

| members of the Executive Committee of the L,

has |

|

'

|

|

|

| h
| when if we bad insisted pon what he wanted
'

|

|

|

{

|

'

|

A. W. of New York State, ‘The meeting was @
private one, but it was freely conceded that plans
of friendly and active co-operation had been form
ulated for the wheelmen and automobilists,

A question of economy in administration has
jed to an amendment of the State constitution
of the lL. A. W. which is designed to regulate

proportioned to the membership end income,
The amendment is one proposed by ths committee
that is revising the constitution and by-laws
and is very distinct from one proposed by I. 1,
Potter. The new law will Ox the salary of the

incumbent at 10 cents for every member with the
proviso that he shall never receive less than $1,000
per year Dor more than 82,500,

Major Taylor bas filed a formal petition with
the Ameriian Racing Cyclists’ Union for reins
statement. ‘Teylor was suspended for life by the
enranization of te raciag men and no fine was
Imposed upon him. Seereiary Spooner of the
Organization said yesterday “Vaylor joined
the racing menu's organization and agreed to be
loyal to the others if they stood by Lim. ‘Time
agein, where coutracts were signed with meet
promoters in the South, the organization insisted
that Taylors entry must be accepted or thedate
cancelled. In some cases race meets were can-
celled The rule that no champions hip races
would be run on Sunday was forced upon the
N © A. because of Taylor's religious scruples
After ajl the riders tad stood by him to the
uimest h
by a Southern

Was vot supported byy the other men ata time

 

 

 

 

became angry because of his treatment
hotel proprietor te said that

we would bave brought bim north ina pine box

However, T think he will be reinstated. I am
fn favor of putting him on equal terms with all
for the good of he sport TD hkoaow of four votes
that will favor his reinstatement andam confident
there will be enough to accomplish what
he see It will not be done though without
the iy position of a good sized fine which the Major
will have to pay.”

that

The amendments to the sidepath bill proposed
Re

by Gardiner of hester are

\asemblvman

now before the State Legislature ‘They are of
interest notonty inthis State hutevery wherein the
country where stlepaths are known of are being
contemplate The changes affect Monroe and
Albany counties most, but even these are of a

kind that interest all who buy sidepath tags

 

 

    

   

 

       

Neen ee ne en ee ae ieee eee el deat

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.

|

Sidepaths of Hochester, in its February issue,
explains and comments on the amendments as
| follows
| The State act of last vearexcepted Albany and
} Monroe: counties from its provisions, as they already
1 hades lepath laws do existence, but it i@ the inter
J tions of Asaenbl ) Richard Gardiuer to have
, thom come un lerthe proviwons af the general act
| He also provides that the Sidepeth Comiuissioners
appointed under the lawa of last year are to con-
| tue the «ud of their terne as if appointed
} under th « ball
| e withorizes the h Commissioners to
fe rivet ths along whe road or street
the latter being new part of the coumtr
id daw r ’ appr al to con
ehoucta path mnust be filed ir fown Clerk’@ office,
but Mr. Gardineris not 4at with securing the |
appr lof the Comniissie f Rigbwa@or the
officer pertc gthove duties, for be requires th
i thet tees of wp incorporated village |
i anid the Common Council in the
noerinact'y before they cap be built along
roreasea the »wers of tha commirsioners
by ywiv.mg them attuor to purchase or lease any
Jando ieof the regular bighwa)s r the pur-
' po seufh lng « Atha, and to oxpeod auy of
t t deat Possescon for that vurpose,

| “Another

hanve made is thatoft where the badge

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
 

 

    

 

   

 

in |

to be plaed on tue bd le. The 3 ent law
roojuires it be afiaedon the left etde of the lower
t but he recy @anta it etlabed to tue
let ade of tha b le, n mentioning any patti
v vt that side. Mr, Gardiner wants the
l neefthe law lived up to, ror he amends
j by ra Ni pecton shall counterfeit,
Mabe sell, give awa have his or her bicyciea
tem oPdevice pnrp to De assued by any county
in this State, u ss regularly issued by the respec
tive Sidepath Comr fhe Monroe repre-
sentative alev beitey D the concentrat.on of power,
for he takes away the power of the Boards of Super
’ oO appo nt comimisstonera, g 1g the County
le iadiction In that reapect
i s))) ers are empowered) to make @on-
t eeding one-half the a.acunt received
trom the aule of bievele licens tus yearin
t rto build othe a@alsor-

Ito t a Judye,
cs 4 ! t hreaue » ana
filit t aith tl vouchers of eh expe
t n t 1 rt apd vouchere wil!

t t ( k's off In a ldition
tosp het t one i of new
pelhes ‘inte arial pacing oll ones, the |
‘ 1 to@cpend money
adve tie ca! 6e sidepaths and tue necessary
* ' jnenend i enfor Kx the ay ihe
} an te an lation shall be
ri le boa ef t are than $20, but Mr
Gear a ix it by t (bot less than $5

i) if

 

 

Krnaenziein Will Try Again for Sprinting
Honors.

A.C. Kracnzleinof the University of Penn.

sylvania, who holds the world’s reeords for

} burdling and broad jumping, bas decided to

aclause whereby the servicers ele
transferred to other clubs, the ceive
half of the purchase mon ]
made no arrangements for the im teh
o Southern training try he efforts of th
President of the Brooklyn Clubte suppress certain
facts are also taken to wean that something as in
the wind, while the sudéen svence of Von der
Horst is regarded as ominous

Soden of the Boston Club admits that it looka
like eight clubs, although be sull insi that
the Boston Club will net put up a dell oward
the consunmmauon of the deal Iirush and Hert
have bourht t rubber shuves and are talking |

    
  
 

 
   

 

 

    

  

  

 
   

 

     

 

 
   
 

     

    

   

   

compete in the l00-yard special serateh race

which will le one of the features of the relay

meet at Tranklin Field on April 24, This

alould ‘the event the greatest sprint race

that} been held in America, with the

pose il exception of the memorable dash at

the 4 AU, championship meeting at Wash.
A hu Owen, Jr, established the

eonds sand stedecuch flyers

edt Westery and Mortimer

in whispers rers, the fourth mer roof the
Cireuit Committee, has been rsiing preparators
to indulging in the usual fights of orators at the
coming session, but he hes tipped several ing
mates that “things are werking well Wagner
of Washington, whose statements mS Varied
ax they are frequent, is out with rouli
matum that he will not sell out igh he
has been disposing of his cra players for as
wuch money ae possibl

President Young has been working on three
schedules, eight, ten and twelve elul
some persons believe as an ind mn
is not settled. Louisville and Cleveland ar
out of the circuit now to all intents a pPuMoses
It is stated that Louisville rece about 86,500
inecash for the franchise which about half
of the original demand, Cleveland asked for
$10,000 and Robison will be satieed when
he pockets about $18,000 if that cash Allew
Wagner's price for the n Club has |
been S16 400, At the t not recet
mor? than 825,000," he Raltumore
Clab hag been quoted ¢ hich the r r
nates have pronounced exorbitant Tt is a mat
terof fact that the Circuit Committee has been
in possession of three separa nd distinet pr
sitions from the Baltimors ¢ yever siice the
Cleveland conferenc® If th omimiittee reeon
mends the acceptane fone * Prepositions,
there will be plain sailing all three are re
jected, the id bags will be resorted to once
more, The threat to go on with a ten elub cir
cenit or one of nine elubs will be nade with siyor
the idea being to frighten Abell and Von der tlost
into sielding., The memory of last year’s sched
uls which was tampered with to deprive Loui
ville of @ nur roof profitable Sunday gar
is sufficient evidence that unless Baltimore {
into line at the erack of the League be iW
another proceeding of this kin! may be recorded

Those whe are close to Brush sav that he ¢
cided some time age not to eall a me f the
league until Preedman had ‘ tied and
seme definite conclusion had been reas beon
cerning the attitude of the Baltimore Club. Se
that it can be seen that a ertsis is near and that
the public will shortly be infers Whether bas
ball is te be kidled or broughtto life agoin

Wasnivetos, March 5.—Next Wednesday
the baseball magnates of the League will as.
i sembleat the Filth Avenue Hotel in New York
to consider the report of the Cireuit Commit.
tee President ung received notice ves

) mayent

) jog schedule of the

terday from Chairman Brosh that the commit.

    

tee was ready to report, and an offieral bullet
wi necordingly promulgated from League
headquarters naming the time id .
Although itis weil understood here that
League will eonsist of ten clubs, WroYou

 

goto New York prepared for any emergency
which may arise and foranychange which may
happen during the miseting As the time
for the playing season to open is near and
the work of preparing a schedule is long sand

  

tedious, three separate schedules have been
1 ared, These schedules are elastic and can
be stretched to fit any figure the magnates

the coming meeting In addition
cuit and adopting the pry-
all the ponding
wague will be con-

at
fonrranging thee

  
 

ah a,

routine business of the

| sidered, as itis understood that there shatlbe
bo further meetings of the League prior tothe |

lL. 0 Brien won a!

|

pening of the season in the middle of April

 

 

[he reports of the committee toamend and
revise certain. portions of the constitution,
that of the Committee on Playin Rules
und the subseet of eontinuing the present

system will be passed upon

douhle-umpire
[yn view of the palpable falling «
all in certain cities,

ffoi publie ine
elforta wil

 

tin base

 

    

     

be mate to revive the old-time enthusiasm
overthe players. The conservative menio the
League contend that lovers of the national!
ime are not interested in the petry je uses
ub i sharp practices of certain magnates to ob-
tain temporary advantage over their rivals,
Ih snow a disposition to push the mau.

hates and their private affairs to the rear and
pot forward the playing abtiities of the differ
eptteans and make the pavers, and not the
magnates, the attractive featuraaof the base-
ball business

 

Horses, Harness and Carriages,
No better market is open to you, providin
our goods are reliable, thau the rehders a
HE SUN—Adv, f

 

gton in the finaihear. A, I of

Duty

 

 

 

 

 

town University, who beat Kraenziein
a“ tforthea A. A, U, champ onship Inst year;
JW. BRB. YVewkebury and . W. Jarvis, who
were anly six inches apart at the finishof the
1OQ-yard intercollegiate rae@e, have alreaty
signuifle! their intention of competing. Kraenz-
lein will be trained specially for tba event, and
the result of the race will probably indicate
the winner ofthe sprintat the intercollegiate

meeting in May

Fast Basketball Played by Schoolgirls,

About the test basketball ever plaved by
gi sttide teams about New York was
witnessed erday in the championship
e Gor s' Interscholastic A. A. The
the inst but one of the schedule

Manual Training High Schoo! of Brooklyn,
weich doteatedthe Pushing High Sehoo! team,
Wins thechampiouship forthe year, with the

  

   

nt

   

matches o
series Was

 

 

Flushing teawn a creditable second, Erasmus
Hall High School broke the ice ey winning ite
first vietory In the serie rom the dersey Clty
Public High schoo! team at the Hasbrouck
Institute @gymt giuin. Jersey City Heights,
Pachteam was ott fo win and did its best to
land the victory, The boexing, passing and
dodging Wos skiliul and roused pleuty of

won Ause The seore was to 4 in favor of
rasmus Hall,

The game between Manual Training High
Sehool and Flushing High Sehoo! was played
at the old Thirteenth Regiment Armory,

kivn The Plushing gira lacked their
er snappy team Work and lost the match

Lto WV,

 

on
yd

MePaddeu Suing to

tecover « Forfeit of

  
 

250. .
George MeTadden ts suing George Considine
} for $250, He was to have fought Spike Sulli-
| ve at a certain weight and the man who ex-
' i thar had to pay this forieit, Spike
overwelghed and M had to fighthim., He

Pool,
| The game in the pool tournament forthe
champilonshipof the Knickerbocker A, C, laat
bight resuited ina victory for W. Freely, who
defeated Frank.in Bien, Jr, by a seore of 100

bever got the forfeit, hence the suit

to],

Death of a Prize Dog,
The death is reported of Bolle, the Yorkshire ter.

Lby Mra. &. A.C Fry, whieh was quite a
ut bench shows,

  

rier owne
noted winne

Baseball Notes,

The Assumption basebal, team has elected John J

    
 

} MeNul nuanagel avd Humphrey L. Plant
captain, The tesa i ready to book Sunday and
belday gates with all nines averaging 3M years
oubettown teas Venue * siilable guarantee
preferred Address J. J. MeNulty, ut-ys Jey
street, Brooklyn M.d, Deeley, secretary

| The Cable team of Harlens is anxious to book
Gitoes with all frets less forwed lean, averas
ng ti vears and offering etiarantees, rris, A. C,,
Waseriy FC, and th A. © preferred. Ad-
dresa W Wile S10 Past 2th stree

he Star A, Co of Newark will play all games away
fro home op S@tureays, Suudava and bolidays
All citbs having grounds and ofermg a reasonably
guaratea Will gt a speeds Ply be addressing
Chories Smith, manager, 2 outh Eleventh strect,

 

Newark, N,o

| WENLEY mp
HENLEY 6.

Golf Bails.

SAM’L BUCKLEY & CO., 100 William St,

 

rr

  
 
 
 

WOMEN'S GOLF.

DATES FOR

SHINNECOCK HILLS GOLF CLUB WILL
ASK FOR AUGUST DAYS,

 

Different Opinions as to Whether the Ama-
teur Championship Should Be in the
Spring or Fall—-New Van Cortlandt Club
Booming—Results of Yesterday's Plag.

It was announced yesterday that the Shinne-
cock Hills Golf Club will ask the U, 8, G, A. for
the last week in Auguat forthe women’s cham-
pionship, At that season the seaside links will
be in the best possible condition and the sucial
life of the Southampton season will be at its
height. The date selected is some eight weeks
earlier than the event was held last year at the
Philadelphia Country Club, but thera is no
doubt but that the U, 8. G. A. will ratify the
days selected.

Interviews with many of the prominont
amateurs yesterday developed that adifferent
state of affairs exints about the dates for the
amateur championship, i. Bage Kerr, Secre-
tary of the U.S. Gi. A, favors aspring date for
the reason that the days are then longer than
im the fall,so that there iano danger of the
play being stopped by darkness. The Garden
City Committee, it is stated. would prefer the
autumn, when the course would bein the rec-
ord-breaking condition that it was when the
collegians played there last October, Tha
amateurs spoken with were unanimous in sas-
ing that tho event should be heldin the first
week of July, as it was last year, and that the
open championship should be held during Sep-
tember.

Over one hundred persons have sent in their
names to the Twomporary Organization Com-
mittee of the new Van Cortlandt Park Golf

 

|

 

|
|

|

Club, so that ft has been determined to call a |

meoti.g of all Interested tn the movement at
the Hotel Marlborough to-morrow night to
form a permanent organization preparatory to
the opening of the seuson of 1800,

The news that F. G. Tait, the ox-amateur
champion, had been killed in the Transvaal
rrived in England on the eve of the sailing of
ohn Ball, Jr, the present. amateur golf cham-
pion, as a volunteer for the seat of war, He
sailed aga menaber of the Denbighshire Hus-
sars and with him went acharger, a hore of fue
eonformation, the giftof the members of the
Royal Liverpool and Lytham and St. Anne's
golfclebs. John Ball, Jr., sailed from England
on Feb 7, and, on the duy before, he rece ved a
send-off by his golfing friends at the Royal
Liverpool course, (olf JUustrated sage: “Mr,
Rall appeared with one of his comrades at
Hoylake in khaki uniform, where, it is_need-
less to say, they got a good reception. Before
leaving the clubhouse they al! joined in sing-
ing ‘Auld Lang Syne’ and ‘God Save the Queen,’
and the wish was expressed all round that
‘Johnnie’ would soon come marching home
again. Thecaddies atthe station gave hima
great ‘send-off,’ and one boy called out, ‘Oh!
Mr. Bal!, when you get out have a swing on old
Krager'’s whiskers.’

GEN Cove, March 3.~Intho monthly bandi-
expon the Nassau Country Club's links to-day
but afew cards were turned (u. They were,

 

 

Gros, M'cup. Net.
Clase A--
BH. Ly PROG. or crsesarovesscoveee klO 8 102
Class B
A.C. Humphreys, ..00.c0s0000.. 118 1% 105
A. L. White ster er eecnees 124 1“ 110
Class (
1, L. Browne 155 ae 11
L, J. Burby 137 a7 Ilo
Avousta, Ga, March 3.—Vardon in the

morning played eighteen holes against the
best ball of WLC Deuny, Brook ine Country Club,
and Oxiivie, the Augusta professional, He won
by eleven up, Denny winning the last hole

 

‘only. Vardon scored 38 and 4 A bad cross.
wind made record-breaking impossible. The
course is 2012 yards, measured from tees to
rreeus, Vardon says it's the best course he
han seen yet. He has made the 520-yard hole

twiew in four and twice in Ove, playing the best
golf since coming over, In the afternoon
Vardon played the best ball of W. Waler of
Onwentsiaand Ogilvie, and the opposing pair
won by 2 up. Waller played @ fine game.
No seores were kept, all giving up holes
repeatedly, Vardon'’s next match will be at
Aiken on next Wednesday.

 

Atrantic City, March 3.~An_ interesting
foursome was viayed on the links of the At-
lantic City Country Club to-day between mem-
bers of the Huntington Valley Country Club.
WoL. Ross and W. T. DeHaven beat John M
Whitaill and H. A. Ross by 1 up. The full
course, thirty-six holes, was played.

Lakewoon, March 3 ~The forest of tall pines
whieh guard Lakewood bent before the gale of
wind which has hiewn ail day, and, though the
wood courage of golfers was not lacking, those
Who played found their scores mount up iar
beyond the ordinary averages Thirteen in

    

 

the men's handicap had the real “sportin
blood” as well as courage, and returned fu
scores, Sherwood BK. Ferris, one of the most

    

 

 

constant of Lakewood players, found the day
Justelchtfor him, and he headed the liat on
net figurea, John M. Ward of Laurence Har-

bor took second prize, and Jasper Lynch's (4
was the best actual score made. How the
cvrds eame In
Gross, H'cap. Net.
S, B. ferris, G, C. of Lakewood

 

 

 

 

Ou565 48 bo 4 6 4-8!

th 5 766 BG GH 4—51—104—-20— Re
fobu M. Ward, laorence Harbor—

ont 56 6 & 7 HW 4 h-47

In » 5 7 8 6 8 & 6 HS b+54—101—10—- HI
dusper T, Lyneh, Lakewood--

Ont. 45666 65 4 G44

In 5 RU HT oO A HK h—fO— 24— 2 ne

K. J, Bleeckman, Westchester Country loa 12 92

CH, Simons Lakewood 117 2h 8

Mortimer M. Singer, Laurence Harbor 9 wy 6 oie

John Voller, Jr, Apawamnis loo #& WF

Kk, tage Kerr, Lakewood 108 RK OR

hh. Bb, Bul nge. Essex Count ° lon oo

WB, Coley, Kichmond Hil 138 18 100

T. MP. Mills, Lakewood. .... 130 80 1vO

Frauk M. Freewan, Lake wood 104 6 103

P. >. P, Randulph, Philadelphia..,..... lla lo 1046

Four paira only returned cards in the mixed
foursome whieh isan afternoon fixture of the
club on Saturdays, The play was close al-
thongh aot particularly ‘ow, andal! foureards
were covered by a difference of seven strokes,
with a tie for Urst place. ‘Lhe order of scores:

Gross, Heap, Net.

Mrs. J, MollerJr end FM Freeman.i38 80 108
Mre. Kobert Bage Kerr and dir Kerr. 148 & Tos
Mra. Po A. Pullerand Dr Poller 1g BO 109
Mee. Fo M, Preeuian aadJd. Moller, dr.126 10 1S

The Country Club hada mixed foursome in
the morning and four carda were turned in,
aa many more withdrawing. Mrs, Thomas L,
Warson and James Park won both the net and
ross score prizes. The cards:

Grove, Heap, Net

 

 

Mra. T. L. Watson and James Park... 120 mo 1K
Vr D, Beard and ©. H. Robbins 140 10 20
Mee. C. Brown and T W. Pearsall m1 14 143
Mrs. J. B. Rovers and Mr. Rogers. ..164 18 i406

 

Miami, March 3.—There was an eighteen-
hole tournament played here to-day, in which
first prize wenttoJd. N, Masters, a member of
the loval club, The net scores were:

Masters, 80; 8 BP, Paxton, Wheeling, 84; GG. T.
Rowers, Park Club, noeld, NJ. wa; Mea HoH
Bom, Daston, Ohio, v7; Mr. Nivholsen, #: J. Shep
hard dy os, CoP Snyder, Dayton, Ohio, va; A. PF.
Boutheriand, Lakewood Club, scratch, 105 HL YV,
Harmon, Kansas City Club, 105; WL, Abbott, Pitts
burg, 111, 8. Townsend, Plaindeld, 115,

Willie Smith and Willie Hoar, the two pro-
fessionals, who will lecve here to-morrow,
plaved in an fourseme this afternoon with
two young Women from Dayton, Ohio, Both
are good golfers, Miss Ko Wo Sehneck went
aroubd with Smith in 43, 45, 8. scoring 7
up atl (to pay against their opponents, Misa
blore.ce Stoddard and Hoar,

Nassav, March 3.—The annua! gqit tourna-
ment closed this aiternoon after ti rce day's
evecessiul pilav, W. T. Gray of the Garden
(ity Club won in the Nasgau handicap. The
runner-up was L. f. Brigham of the Salem
Mass, Golf Club. The Consolation cup was
won by Levin. Marshall of the Westchester
Country Club, [nthe preliminary round match
play the firsteight were:

 
   
 

 

F, Ballard beat L. 8. Tarouque. by lun; L. F.
Privhaus beat BL. Taylor, by 2 up: George Mek
Bhrown beat ©. DP. Bovace, by Lup, W. T. Gray beat
FE, 8 Crocker, by $upand 2 to play

Inthe semi-floals Brigham beat Bullard, by
2Qup, and Gray beat Brown, by 6 up and 4 to
play. In the final at thirty-six holes, Gray de-
teated Brigham, by 4 upand Sto go

Piay forthe Consolation cup resulted as fo!-
lows
} W. Lockwood beat J. C, Ayer by defay iG
Marstall beat A. Dallett ee ck foe tek ft
si th beat G. BE. Scbonck, by Bupand2 to play: ¢
7. J. duhuson beat C, 1. Garland, by 4 up and 2 to
play

In the semi-finals Marshall beat Lock wood,
by ¢up and 3 to play, and Johnsen beat Smith,
by Oupand4 to play, in the Anal Marshal!
beat Johnaon by 1 up in thirty-six holes,

 

   

—

 

BOWLING RECORDS AND GAMKS,

  

 

  

 

 

 

  

Sportsman's Goods.

  
 

ee

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

NATIONAL LEAGUE, ~
Tigh! Thin
Clube WL, Score. Clube WoL Score
Metropolitan. is 1b pas | Doolittle il ow aT
Corinthian 11 68% 4h Tiverdale s » plo
Knick’r, AC 11 Gyo fen KRod....7 7 vae
Empire 1o 8 a8 | Pontiac W..... 6 & WT
Kings Co 5 4 022 | Oriental Sa wy
Awerica lio 7 25) | Impenal . 412 95a
K apatite, 11 7 wid | New York AGS tv Kae
Fidelia » 7 hotus 17 wis
Morningside 9 7 Phunix L1L wi7 | PHBRARE TUB ONLY Cost more to make than
oe 3 i Harlem R.O. 1 1s xia | FOO FO any otherbicycle tires and
permbeley.. “
USTTED BOWLING CLUDS—sRC LION 1 are made by our hand-
Morningside, 2 0 Riverdale 1 812 made process, They
Doppe! Fiche, 4 1 Golden Rod,, .2) 3 sie cost the rider less—in the
posecale h 4 ee ae s ve end. Dunlops save you
Oriental 42 Cho 2 6 aD money in repairs, in longe
Fidelia 21 Laimetedten, 18 817 fe ay
| Monarch. . 22 Woodland......0 7 Gus er ti , and save you wore
anenres & ry and time in xing.
owl 1 ia Oarell 8 8 8Ky TRADE MANS. Do wot let a dealer persuade
Cyclone ‘71 460) Manhattan 94 782 you to take some other tie upon which he wal make
Orchard (7 8 04) | Delender ' 7 05 | @dollar or two of extra profit. If you are well posted
Oe a 4 Bat Bevreoe . “a k 24° | you will insist on Dunlops at the same price as other
Accident. ...c08 @ 840) Aurania, sc. 9 7H4 | Ures on the beter class of wheels, \
perenne “ ? ? ant black Bass....0 6 711 Booklet of any dealer or of us,
Oo ncceee .
aEcTION The American Dunlop Tire Co.,
CivilService, 4 0 73 | Ruppenknoe'n.) 1 727 . .
Freedom.......2 0 804 | Eclipse a 77] Belleville, N. J. Chicago, tM,
alee : , ae | Fapaaston ‘ 8 4 i Distributors for New York City:
ucker ‘ 2 ‘apnon » O 2 Ut . ik »
Mopddeutscher§ 1 603 | Jnmbo.... Oo 2% 730 ¢,. B, BARKER & CO,
Hector..........1 1 788 N.Y.C. Schu’en0 6 718 | —--——---——--———-—— none ~eaeed
HARLEM NAVY LFAGUT, Y a ES
Nonpareil .....6 1 $83 | Dauntless......9 3 RIS ’, it s
Friendship,.,..) 2 88 | Bohomian.....8 6 mol
Nassau... 6 2 mT4 | Lone Sta 16 758 10,000 Cycles $13.50 to 40,
Harlem oS 8 Gtk Metropolitan,.0 8 bos Lar ah stock in America,
Wyanoke,......4@ @ 807 IRES te, TO 83,
COLUMBIA TOURNAMENT, We save you 25 per cent. to 50 per oen®
Standard. 4 nh | Village... 2 2 807 -EOUS aay
Owl . 2 535 | Enterprise... 202 SEE Us FIRST.
Amsterdam, . & O84) Knocker. 11 A N DO rt E
Rio pirs City., 6 mas Literals ue 2s 9
Columbia. f 543 | N.Y. Couneil 2 @ »s
Dolando 4 658 | Gramercy 24 23 Barclay St.
{ote 4 B27 Oriental w ~ 1 4 e = =
une Sncme by Century 16 ry > ‘
Morningside. 8 O32 | Doolittle...... 726 Horses, Carriages, we.
Keupire 2 £54) Colonial . 0 6 448] - oa
Corinthian, 2 fhe

 

| J

|
!

!

|
|

 

ARCITDIOCESAN UNION LFAGURE,

 

"'W. D. GRAND’S |

 

  

 

  
        

 

  
  
   

fpalding 1,..10 2 &51 Spalding 2 nS 8 TAA 2 le of
ayole. 8 2 759 | Leo ©, é wb 7 Ot Carriage. cas ee Horses, Cs,
Rina hes S| Petambes tHe BIE ankivenntny || ieewn tang
Holy Crosat...8 % BIN | Bt Youwa 2...2 6 718 Awerican Horse Bsc hanwe,
St. Moniva 1.0.6 @ 707 Hiarlems © 0.,..2 10 ‘ Broad way and Soth at, N. ¥.),
Holy Cross 2.10 7 S24) Holy Rosary 1 7 > Woduesday, March 7th,
ARLINGTON LEAGUE Aftern of al 2—nvening . 80 yo x.
Fidelia 2 01140 | goth Century... 1 974 AD during the evenings ‘
Manahatta ..1 1 1008) Agreeable oO 2 Bos Thursday and Friday, March Sand \,
Comtuenring cach evening at 8 0 Clock,
WEST SIDE LEAGUE, The cplslouse for veegneny atternoop and oy
. we ing Will contain upwa rf 250 bigh-claw coac
polonial. , rod 8 get | ist: baal W.... : ¢ svt | Carriage, saddle horses, &e., ime loding @ choice cons
West Hhore....? & 868 | doll a 4 7 goo | Sanipent trom George Watson Co; a valuable col-
Centra) & 6 63) | N ie > 8 rg | Beetion frou Kokeby Stock Farm, Leesburg, Va., to
Corutbian 65 #121. WAND. 00400 f gether with other choice consignments trom wolh
— eualy 7} Loown owners, including the dispersal of several
LIFE INBURANCE LAGE, private stables,
Fil. & Gas'ity!12 O 858) Prudential 5 A ROD ae ”
Mutual Hen : 10 8 BSH vena Haue ok SOW os The estaloue for Thuraday and Friday evenings,
Hquitable 8 & #OO | Germania 210 wo { prow, 8th aud Sth wil contain upvard of 100
% life. » igh-class trotters aad pacers, road Lorsea, turf per
Metropolitan .7 6 si | Mutual Life ..112 786 formers, &e , tovluding the dispersal of My, M. Bern-
NORTH AIDE LRaaie heimer’s entire Sauls, of trac ane ad Boras. a
c iT] ( 5 6 eboica consignment o Ack) ran bred teottera fiom
Pontise Wei 42 2 oat x "oN ¥ 5 5 pay | Bed. Wo Araey aud We Froear, a valuable con
Central. o 8 00 Swiss-Ainer va 6 Bsa | wgoment fron: Foxhall Stock Tarm, Norfelk, Va,
Orchard : 8 wt a t! at % 4 8 &6O | avdothers. The recora horseea to be disposed of at
Knich'rbock'r 8 @ W13 | Cl ippews 8 7 B74 | this event include euch well known soils as Dar
Morris W 8 4 407 Empire... 3 ; wig | Mer S. 2:08'g: Joe Wile, 2:20'4; Tuer Lom. 2:21 hay
Belvidere 0 4 #65 | Bronxdale.....3 9 sap | Oe 41 Sen Mnatieh, Sink Be roe ie
Hooker 6 4 By Vernon 89 BI2)§ 1; \lloa sndro, 2:16. bred uf 17; Tacky Boy,
Dolando.. ... @ M4 | Clareuont..s.62 6 708 | hid Bilin Wilkes, 2:82'4; indelible Fk, 2:22 34%
Pontiac W.2.. 6 B wos Borough O12 780 Fren L., 222%. Auntie Huaeell, 222%: Kittie Kissler,
Prospect " 6 8 B84 ° 2:27; Janie M., 2.20)), Jiminie U., 2:51, Lady Clydg
2.54'¢ can trotin 2:15), &e, &e
BROOKLYN GERMANIA TOURNAMENT, _ 1 ote
F New York 4 0 22 f 2 2 A few more select entries will be aecepted ifm
Sonurch 2 wa 6 aia Apollo 3 : +7 | atonce, For particular , F AND,
Belvidere 6 2 B84) White House 2 @ 4 1Y¥
Btandard s 2 874 Schnorer 1 3 - . B . N.Y
Proapecity 6 1 wd TA. Eppig 15 we b,8, HE . Myr. Trotting Dept.
7utpes 4261 LDK 16 6b eae hee eee
| lmperial 8 1 wii Templeton, ...0 2
Olyropia 4064 B26 Klober soet © +] tt
ludependent (2 2 wis Knickerbocker 0 4 750 | ar es ° e erer 0.»

 

KING® COUNTY TOCRNAMENT,

 

 

  

MANUFACTURERS OF

 

 

 

Templeton. 18 2 B51 Olympia 7 7 840 =
fowl Heb tet gms 5 ge] HIGH GRADE EXPRESS and
Adeiphi 1258 ¥6l Columb KOT . .
| 2 Dok 10 4 Wig Ken ste ae ‘ v soo BUSINESS WAGONS.
| 4 iy C. ‘' 4 MN (a ny" 410 IY REPAIRING A SPECIALTY,
Night Ow 7 7 mia ont Know... 212° ARO Farero ‘ 7th: NEW
|a. BC 7? 7 Biv | Leonard 118 12 { Wareroome, 214-216 Weet 17th st., + NEW YORR
| Humtington.. 7 7 who FOR SAL! at
Taek WHEW LOHR TOPRN AEN | DURLAND’S RIDING ACADEMY,
Fast New York.0 1 &78 | Atlantic 5 6 BAL ; * , ,
Corinthian. & pob.| fanatel oR OB AoS 6hth Street and Central Park W
Fliges 8 @ K4l | Spiders 86 971] Ss D re)
White House...?7 8 878 | Kuehwick W..2 6 78) |
Imperial \ 6 2 one yeu ‘i len 2 8 787 All the Geils, Thoroughly Broken.
lym pia. oa © BT Jevidevea 0 8 086 o . ° ° . J
j Excelsior, 4 2 741) Chauncey O10 774 Inquire f WM. DURLAXD.
} Cariton o 6 44 = —
| BAY RIDGE TOCRNAMENT Vale and California Athletes to Meet.
Planets 1309 801 Adirondack. & 7 &33 ‘
| Reilly Gib Lig 8 Bee | Mousey Nt. oF *)>) New Havey, March %.—It was announced
or snuth.,, . 0 8 Ht 2 athe s-ge.0 3 » sas | this afternoon by President Dana of the Yale
eilly Clab 2.16 5 o Rad W.2.. 812 Blo ole j .
Hay Ridgea.C.10 B bie | sthWd.Dem.0 211 nat | Track Athletic Association that he had cen-
Couns dian Roa sid | Mod Club... BIL Tut | cluded arrangements with the University of
Sh RAW... 8 6 wos | St Michael. 218 791 | Californian track representatives for a meet
_ ee WE ae ts tet ; | between the athletes of the two inatitutiona,
| npan wd 429 jel \ f ne ; )
| GompauyK. Iv & 777) Company D... 74% noe | thisspring. It hus seemed for seme time as
Company B $ Company C....7 if a meet could not be arranged as Yale

iw t% 74
ta ° ’ '

    

Compauy F

i4

   

 

 

spring gimes, down for April US, the Yalee

1
1
1
Company L 41
1
2
i | Harvard dual track games at Cambridge on

 

has quite a programme, including the Yale
|

(
Hospi Corps.1

ARLINGTON NATIONAL [OURNAMENT May 12 and the intercollegiate games in New
South Paw 2 .8§ 2 k85)) Frho . 6 RR | aa % ' ih)
Kings County..6 2 South Paw 1.6 NTH York on May 2, aside trem the possible inters
Arlington 7 6 Monarch 1 5 kuq | DUtional games tetween Yale and Harvard on
Corinthian “4 Orient W......4 8 01 one side and Cambrilge and Oxford on the
ZB, ft “4 f Monarch 2....4 8 Aug, Other, Recently the chances for the interna-
Inperial. Ho ob) Awersfort....210 sw2 | tional meet have grown more slender and the
Chauncey 6 0 Bye Yale minavers buva cous to regard the Cali-
ARLINGTON WOMEN'S ‘TOP NAMENT. fornia meet asa very desirable affair, Conse.

 

 

queutly they have just avcepted the challenge

 

     

‘a ” #38 | Voter? —
Menaretg. 2 2 aae | Priam 7 & Ges | efjthe men from the Pacts slope,

Monarch 1... 5 1 Ty | Kings County..2 6 | The date of the Yale-Calltornia, game wil he
Orig, Vigant.4 20051) Commbial, v1 6 | on either Saturday, April 24, or Saturday, Mav
Independent 4 2 419 Columba Z....0 4 215 In ease itis serded far April 28 the Yaie
Clio 4 4 402 Freundschaft.0 6 Sey | Spring games wil be beld eanier, The games
Crescent 22 644 | will take place at the Yale Held, The California

BROOKLYN INTERCLUB LPAGUF--COMPLETED,
25180

Culeton( ...12
Crescent aA. C.lo 4
Columbian C, Wf

 

Brooklyn B,C 6 & 5058

Colgate & Coos double victory and Dodge & OI-

cott's defeatattbe bar
at Keid's alleys yester:

% Hanover f

{ team wiilleave honeatout May 1, will come
East, holding weets with Columbia, Princeton,
Harvard and Yo'e, besides cutering the interes

} Collegiate games in New York on May UH. the

list of events in whier Yale and the University

  

Lincoln ¢ 6 K 4041
1 6048
Kiick k'r F.C 4205: 58
AurradirataC 4104062 |

  
 

 

aaa Of California wil compete at their dual avet is
vat to be i d. Jt ia nor thought that i¢
sof Mert & Co.'s players | Willbeespec ally differeut froin those of the
jay afternoon enabled the | intercollegiate games in New York,
tor first place in the Wook shined

soap mien to break the

 

gals Drug Trade Association tournament. The | Yacht Racing Association of Massachusetts
mers ere May Amend Its Constitatéon,

a heabury & Jobnueon—Lovis, 125, De Zeller, 124 Boston, Mareh 3.—The Yacht Racing Assoete

eee? 154; Caughey, 170; Judge, Lod, Total, | ation of Massachusetts will hold a special meets
Dodve & Olcott--Howe, 149; Oliu, 150; Ulrich, | ing on next Thursday evening to consider

 

172; Robertson, 14%; Kuddiman, 1y4,
eRCOND GAME

 

  
 

Total, 437, several important amendments to the by-laws,

which bear spevia! refercnes to the withdrawal

 

  
 

 

Seabu & Jobnson—Lovis, 182; Z ¢ , '
8 mene, bier Beuahor tee, Ju oe Foe neat | of = Quincey Yacht Club, An attempt will be
782 mads to amend the constitution so that only
Meri & Co—Darius, 322; Urbach, 127: Douth. | yachts enro!ied in clubs holding mai ‘
ia: a we ~ ] d eNO! ws cabs bolding membership
182; Heims, 14%, Roberigon, 165. Total, 65. in the association will bee iginl ein ma nerepie
THIRD GAME, Open races given under associa ion rules, This
Dodge & Olcott-—Howe, 170; Olin, 140; Ulrich, | amendment appears to be intendel aa a pune
172) Robertson, 122. Ruddiman, 125. Total, 7a¥. | ishment for the Quiney elub and to prevane
Memwk & Co.—Darius, 345, Urbach, 128; Douth, | other clubs from deciding to withdraw from
123, Heins, 1w2. Robertson, 170. Total, 748 } the orgauization. Many yacnktamen feel that
FOURTH GAM it wil be @ Useless precaution, inasmuch as

  

Co, Bar

 

5

  

» 167, Clrystal, 168; Ren. | neariy all owners of racing yachts ore meme

Fantsner, nae rigate 204 Total. 7H, | bersofsomeoherelub that stands wel! in the
essler S Hasalache: emical Company —Klehre assoc. ation, and, as a punishment, wil be fels
ora " iY aot 1 Stephen, 100; Malsch, 183; Far | but litrle by the Quiacy clab people, This was
guny 5. Total, 662 remarked upon by lan Sun several weeks
FIRTH GAME ago.
Roessler & Hawslacher Chemical Company—Klahre, | Another amendm i
¢ r . | Anot dment to be submitte
| aes Bane yeh, Stephen, 115, Malsch, 118, Fur | will be one which will permit shoal” tae
cali. - Go ; }

w. bey 2 O07. b 7 ners to become assomate members of tha
General Chemical Company~—Joerger, 145; Bissell y , ;
108, Gore, 136, Norman, 18»; Stor fod, | dacht, Racing Aseoeation upen payment
726. orman, 18; Storm, 344, Totel, | of a fee of $5, Kuch members are to have

ho voles in the e ection of officers and will

In the handicap the following net scores |

were turned in
Lockwood, 47; Taylor, 78: Laronque, #2
82, Garlapd, 83; JoBnsou. 34, Brigham, #4 Koyace

sh; Gray, scratch, 4) Marshall, ay: T oO
Crocker, 94, Sceneuck, 102, + Terior, &

Thus F. W. Lock wood of the Lakewood Club
won the first cup, the sec ’
‘Taylor of the Boston Clugee come

Brown

Sr. AUGUSTINE, March 3—The two tay
tournament on the links of the Florda bast
Coast Golf Club olesed this) atternoen
after good and Interesting play ‘et the
and of play the oMeerse and | members
o the organization held qo receptio
othe elnvhotise In the semi-itrais in
the morning, MacDowali hear Keeivoy bv
2 up and Dixon. sr. baat Draka by 4 up and
Jto play, Tn the final Dixon bear Machowel
by 2up, Dixon got the a AMpion-hip cup antl
and MacDowell the rannereup ou In the
semiefinals tor the Consotation cup, Harvey
beat Washburn by 5 up and 4 to play. aud
Welden beat Hill by 7 Tu the

y « Up and ¢ lay
final Harvey beat Welden a oe tT he handl-

cap tournament Was Dot played,

gree Sik rounds,
ought @ #ix-round
Mike Bartley out in the

SIXTH GAME, |

 

| only receive the privilege ofvoting upon amend.

Colgate & Co.—Barnes, Jit: Chrystal, 145. Ran

som. 198, Faulkner, i287; Colsate, 162. Total. 7:8. | Mentstothe rules. ‘This ameadment will ba
General Chemical Company —Joerger, 124; Gore, A&A Verv useful one, especially aa it will givata
Ii; Mason, 113; Norman, 150; Storin, 124 Total, the men more direct!¥y eopeerned ino racin
ual rules a chance to get what they want, and wil
a aa prevent delegates to the Association, whoare
Bowling Note. hotowners of racing boats. tram thrueting
The race for average honors in the Intercluh | TUles upon the clubs thatare pot wanted by the

League of Brooklyn was keen and exciting from
Dr. Groseh of the Hanover Club led

start to Guish,
the latter part of the tou

draw,

 

Jack Beanecbo § and Frank
second rou 4,

men who hold the stick.

they, and lauded the cham Odds and Bods of Sport,

      

 

  

 

 

 

 

       

 

 

 
 
 
   
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

Pionship prze with arecord of 177 for ty-two
gaines, Kelaey of the Croacent A.C, had a safe lead | PROVIDENCE, Mooch "he vorparution of Browse
for second prize up tothe last serjos, but was beaten | Cmiverssty has adopted the ander. ridiut hotra
out by Olmate.d of the Lincoln Club, whose record Of Name for the now atuletic geoinis "Ande we
| was 174. Langan of the Columbian Club won the Field. iw honor of former Presidect BB. eusamin
third prize with # record of 175. The ocher plaverg, Andrews
whose average exceedcd 170, were: Schwartve At the annual meeting of the Atlin ie Boat Clute
Carleton, 172, Matthews, Brooklyn B.C., 172 kel Hoboken, Md at e b a 1 a ; act 1 Va sy Ls
wey, Crescenta C., 174, Doyle, Crescent A,¢,, 170 eveniL the following offteers were «acted Ty -
Denis Judge of the Columbian Club made the high dent, Philty Walle im, Vieo Pr tasty Me
score record with 261. The p s Will be presented . ere, Secretary, Mernin Sebiuann, | rer, Max,
at 4 canner for which arrangements are now being gu er Librarian. Walter Kué Captain, Albert
nade, Hevne; Lieotensnt, Fail Wo Kra Pris Ly
wee (#usiavy Van Sante. F. Rankin, May J Huber and
Metropolitan Association Boxing and | "#8 Brockua
, . } Bos Viarch 3.-Meombera of rowing organ zie
Wrestling Championships, tions here are formalitiag pl net a trou
Arrangements for the boxin @ich? oarederew to represe.t ths vy ef toe annual
® bibed ng and wrestling rewattaof the Nattonal Avg iaticn of Amatetir (ars
championships of the Metropolitan Association | ines. wu be be lou the Hare ernextuly. ot
to be held atthe Broadway A. C, April 4, 5 and | has been lecrled to fosma peneat orginivation
| Bwere comploted yesterday at & meeting of salk with be brats a p pik ht aha ms
the open matron in Charge of the tourpament. | gaced who wiil ps rou the best mater.
The following are the events: ) alin the Leal erows

Boxsing—105 pounda, 125 pounds, 125 pounds, 14% | Witorsiry, March 3--Mise Laile baton Mill, die
pounds, 168 pounds acd heavyweight, " i | ree or of physi traku at Weilewley College, '«

Wrestling~105 pounds, 115 pounds, 126 pounds, | mocking arran cements f ty ope athletic mae -
14% pouuds, 146 pounds, 158 pounda, } smionth In regari to entries the ragale

The regular standard gold die | Very mruleot taxing par. in any

i a ’m- nai wy

blematical of the championships of Boce, om: | esved't oth of ne fine Re aene
politan Association, will be given ¢ wenner | Fer tative Eka shit Aihese Gis eeuie.
incach event aod & ailver medal © the weanee | sport in disipline and physical Athos, The train
Qltothe second | jig at present: ” f crows country running and

men, Entries will close with TS, F Sullivan, ’ per for the special eveut in common-sense
() tox G11, on Mareh 2s, traning roloe The «lass of (03 has orpeused
- = *} ” tals for a 4 | tr,’ aed th Witte

(sossip of the King. tiadsngol tie bas etoall (eam candidates cons. ete

ftvol ve w ‘

Cat aco, March Vrank Childaand Jack Poco IiWaca ar 4 , Interns a*
fought #18 fame rounds toe traw at the Biar The tle Leawue was hela the Or pre yin m t
leet nen Bonner at beat inw very poor third-rate | fA bs | hacer : Sie deen
aud bas Leen whipped so otten that hee a a ‘ The at tha’ bene
oat ead mt ‘ewood asa nt in” with che niiahy et 1 ' ‘, . ' aa teva
inal colored man. On Bonners ate a he eit ' 1 = .

t ' the latter would be pie Bae Walcoit ann tak h ; v ’ , { , ; - fhe
Patterall’a Club, anmediately onthe eom ives 1 m4 t \ !

} the ight. -evalled ite, Borat ay sO purer ter Wa, pa Nhe Was Bibelilvd tre May kin” Maveenl
fis Sieg The awht eoced amid en f) ehatges weve raalain tie track even the bi .
: and Take ‘an of! La tha prehininat.es , paces bene entirely dropped and in their place tu
Fid shel Roooked Jack Kelly outia the dfty round | two mile “ian wa ut. itt probable an de ce
a Aeon got the decision over Harry Kod ie | event will be added Loekport High weok and

 

Sentt
acked

 

  
  

Bradford High School were adgitted tots le
ane date for the annual track meet Whs fiaod tow
‘ay 26,

Clarence Forbes

Ss

race pee tyne tee

ee a ae ee

2 <a arte