VOL. LXXV.—NO. 341.
BRYAN SORE AT N, Y. LEADERS

MURPHY asf CONNERS HAVEN'T
ASKED HIM TO SPEAK HERE
And the New Jersey Democrats Have Been

Equally Nesiigept—He Seems to Have

cut New York Out of His Itinerary
—His Speech of Acceptanée Outlined.

Lincoun, Aug. 5.-<The announcement this
afternoon by Mr. Bryan that he has accepted
an invitation to speak at the Minneapolis
State Fair on August 81 indicates that he
has made up his mind to wait no longer
upon the dallying leaders of Democracy in
New York for an invitation to come East
and talk, but will proceed to map out his own
campaign along his own lines.

It is no secret that, buoyed up by the

 

“word that has come from the East that

conditions are such that he has much more
than a fighting chance, Bryan has been
eager to enter the fray there to meet the
Easterners face to face and present the
issues as he sees them. Hehashad no desire
to put himself in antagonism to the State
leaders nor to go hurtling East without
having first received an invitation.

Mr. Bryan has been rather chagrined
that he has not at least been consulted upon
the matter. He has clafed under what has
amounted to his being ignored by Murphy
and Conners, whd have been so busy fixing
up their own deals in New York and the
State that they have apparently left him
and his desires and interests out of con-
sideration. He has not eaid so, but there
are other Lincoln Democrats who are not
silent upon the matter.

Bryan expects to go to Indianapolis to
the Kern notification on the 25th. His next
engagement beforé he. made the Minne-
apolis date to-day was for Chicago on
Labor Day, September 7. The interim he
could have spent in campaigning in the
Fast, but from neither New York nor New
Jersey has come any invitation. The in-
timation has been made that he might find
it: more convenient if he came in October,
but by that time he would have been traded
out of his opportunities. Therefore to-
day, when Pree B. Lynch, late mana-
ger of Gov. Jopgson's Presidential cam-
paign, accompanied by President Nelson
of the Minnesota Agricultural Society, came
to ask-him to speak at the State Fair at
Minneapolis on August $1 he accepted. He
will probably balk the tariff. He would
not agree, however, to go unless that part
of the grounds in which he speaks is thrown
open to the public and no admission chafged
to hear him...

Mr. Lynch said that he had come to Fair-
view to second Mr. Nelson's invitation, and

porters of Johnson in Minnesota and the

Northwest that they held nothing against
and were. for him.

“Gov. Johnson has not changed his plans,”

where 1 go I find a strong undercurrent
a desire to make a strong
fight for him.”

The abandonment of New York as a

Ohio and Mississippi valleys,
has better assurances of substantial re-
turns,

Norman E. Mack has notified Mr. Bryan
that he will he in Lincoln to attend the notifi-
cation ceremonies next week. As some
members of the notification committee are
also of the national committee and Kern
and Vice-Chairman Hall will be here a

. powwow over campaign matters will take

place. ;

Another appeal! for campaign, tO ap-
pears in large type on the front page of
this week's Commoner, along with a_copy
of the national committee's resolution
limiting contributions. It reads:

SOOO Se eee Ber eee sewer reer rere ner nrne nee ee
WANTED
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS:

WANTED

these Democratio propositions:

“Tariff revision by representatives of the
consumers of the products and not by the
agents of those who make exorbitant profits
by manufacture and sale of highly pro-
tected te. ¢

“Election of United States Senators by
popular vote, thus breaking up the Sena-
torial oligarchy headed by Standard Oil,
which is strong enough to successfully
>ssiet all measures offered in behalf of the
public welfare.

“Guarantee of all national bank deposits,
thereby preventing all money panics by
giving all people absolute confidence in all
banks. Destruction of private monopoly
and the enforcement of law against trusts
by the people, who are oppressed by, the
trusts and not by the agents of the trusts

“Publicity of campaign . contributiong
before election day, so that the people may
know who is paying the expenses of candi-
dates, and wh, paying. 7

“Adoption of an income tax, because it is
just and under it wealth may bear its pro-
portionate share of the burdens of the
Federal Government.

“The punishment of men who manip-
ulat? railroad, stocks and ownership, the
encouragement of railroad construction
upon a businesslike basis and railroad opera-
tion with fair returns in wages and profits
to workers and owners on honest valuation
and honest t not on watered
stocks and false bond issues created purely
by exploitation.”

Mr. Bryan to-day gave out to the press
advanoe copies of his speech of acceptance
to be delivered August 12, and at the same
time issued a brief statement for publica-
tion outlining its contents. He says he
will not disouss all the issues of the cam-
paign in this speech, but will reserve several
important toplos to be treated ‘tn his letter
of acceptance and in other addresses which
he is to give later. This is his statement:

“The notification speech wili deal with
but a few questions. Having a of
acceptance to write later, and several
speeches to make on important topics,
such as the tariff, the trusts, the banking
question, the railroad question, ‘the’ labor
question, imperialism, &o., it was not neces- ;
fairy to include them in this speech. I |
could not have done justice to any one |
Question if [fad had to treat of a number.

“Our platform declared the overshadow - 1
ng issue to be ‘Shall the people rule?’

xe ETe35
E S
: z
re
a
be § g
SRPSeR RRSP eH EGE Sa5etbee e395 FER ebbece goers 756s ¢ Rest EeSSEPE Free. RSTARSEEY Ee5kF ASRS we:

 

x

In this speech I take up the admitted con-
ditions, what has produced these condi-
tions, how they oan be remedied and how
the people can be put into control of their
own government,

“The only other subject discussed is
the measure of rewards, the aim of all just
government being to give to each indi-
vidual the reward to which his work en-
titles him. ; ;

“I shall within the present month discuss
the tariff questions the trust question and
the guarantee of bank deposits. The speech
on trusts will be delivered at Indianapolis,
the one on the tee of bank deposita at
Topeka. I shall disouss the labor question
at Chicago and at Peoria the subject will
be ‘The State and the Nation.’

“The dates of these four set speeches are
to be: At Indianapolis, August 25, at the
time of Kern's notifioation; at Topeka,
August 27; at Chicago, on Labor Day; at
Peoria, September 9.”

One other speech on the tariff is to be
delivered by Mr. Bryan before a farmers’
meeting in Wisconsin on a date to be an-
nounced later.

Mr. Bryan haa been much enamored of
the guarantee of bank deposits issue and had
intended touching upon it in his notification
speech, but as he did not wish the East,
where he has been told the subject is no
more understood than was free silver in
1896, to get a wrong notion of his policy he
omitted it, to treat it fully in the Topeka

speech.

a
BIOODY FEUD IN KENTUCKY,
Mispute Over an Election Between Old
Enemies —Threp Killed and Six Wounded,

FraNkrort; Ky., Aug. 5.—The‘bleodiest

battle in eastern Kentucky since the days
of the assassinations of the Cockrilis and
Marcums in Breathitt county and the fight
between the Eversoles and .Frenches in
Perry county was fought to-day at Layman,
on the Cumberland River, in Harlan county.
Three persons were killed and six serious-
ly wounded. : \
* Those killed are James ‘Blanton, Pearl
Blanton and Stokely Osborn. ‘The
wounded are Lee Russell, shot twice ih
the neck; Taylor Monroe, shot through
abdomen; John Taylor, shot through the
neck and back; Sherman’ B. Lanton, shot
through chest; Richard Blanton. stabbed
in the right side, and Mrs.. Laura Blanton,
shot in the arm and hip.
* The trouble was caused by the long stand-
ing enmity between the Taylors and the
Blantons, which dates back several gener-
a@ions, and the school: trustee election in
Harlan ‘county last Saturday afternoon
furnished the means for the feud to break
out afresh, and when it is over either the
Blantons. or the Taylors. will -be exter-
minated.' ‘

The Biantons. ran a candidate for
trustee and the Taylors a candidate also.
At the electi theré., were several
breaks, but no . The Bilantons
and the Taylors and some of their relatives
met at the general @tore of W. F. Howard
to-day to count the ballots,and award the
certificate.

During the counting of the ballots the
candidate of the Taylora to be get-
ting. the. best of the yote, when’a dispute
drose over a con ballot. The Tay
accused the Blantons of attempting to cheat
and in less time than it takes to tell it both
sides, who were heavily armed, pulled thetr
guns, and when the smoke of the battle
cleared away three were found dying and
six seriously wounded.

BALDWIN’S BALLOON FLIES.
Goes Up 150 Feet and Sails From 10 to
. 2% Miles an Hour. a

WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.—Capt. Thomas 8.
Baldwin's war balloon had. ite second -pre-
liminary trial flight ovet the parade ground
at Fort Myer, Va., to-day, and for seven’
minutes the airship sailed at a epeed ranging
from ten to twenty-five thiles an hour.
The course and elevation of the balloon
were changed about fifty times ng the
flight. It was elevated, lowered and turned
and its course sharply changed at the will’
of the pilot. Capt. Baldwin's contro) was
more strikingly demonstrated to-day than
in the trial flight yesterday, as the ship
was driven at a higher speed. An abrupt
turn was made while the balloon was cutting
the air at a twenty-five mile olip.

A heavy thunderstorm preceded the trial
and the clouds were still threatening whem
the airship was towed from the tent to the
parade ground. As soon as, let.go the
stern began to rise ominously and Glen H.

at the engine stopped short and
set the horizontal planes for an ascent.
The balloon bad not been properly balanced,
the front end being too heavily weighted.
It was aleo noticed that the forward end of
the gas bag caved slightly.

More air was pumped into the balloonet
to give additional rigidity to the ends of
the gas bag and a second start was made.
This time the balloon sailed grandly to an
‘elevation of about 150 feet and then a series
of dips, upshoots and circular turns was
accomplished without pause.

No attempt was made to attain top speed
or to cover distance. It was a second
demonstration of the power of oontrdl.
A general speed of about twenty miles an
hour was developed.

Capt. Baldwin's descent was partioularly
graceful. He made a long sweep over
the balloon tent, across thejparade ground
and dropped to earth gently directly in
front of the entrance. The speed and en-
durance of the ship will be tried to-morrow
if weather conditions are favorable,

AUTHOR A DEPUTY SHERIFF.

Richard Harding Davis ‘May Help Hunt
Biack Henders.

Warr Piars, Aug. 5.—The latest Deputy
Sheriff to be appointed by Sheriff Lane of
Westchester county is Richard Harding
Davis, author and playwright. The Sher-
iff's staff now includes among others A. 0,
Bostwiok of the Standard Oi] Company,
Campbell Thompson, former genera] coun-
sel for the Metropolitan Street Railway
system, and Paul G. Thebaud, the importer.

Mr. Davis received his appointment
‘yesterday and immediately wired to the
Sheriff from Marion, Mass., thanking him
for the honor and adding: yi °

“I shall call to thank you personally and
swearin, I hope to put the fear of the Sheriff
into the hearts of all evildoers’ in: North /
Castle, if there are any.”

Mr. Davis recently, built a large bungalow
in the town of North Castle. Of late the
neighborhood has been troubled by Black

Hand men and firebugs, and as it fas no
police force ora such as is furnished pn

ap to the Mr. Davis tly
volunteered. his services to the of
the town. The offer was taken up kk
Helton, a local real egtate man, who made
application to the Sheriff. .

r. Davis owns @ large touring cag Which
ho will use in running down k Hand
assassins and other offenders.

 

 

 

+NEW Y
SUFFRAGETTES ATOYSTER BAY ,

 
 
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 

  
  
    
   
 
   
   
 

‘lawyer member who came down to spy out

   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

  

 

(ORK, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6,

 

FS ied ;
a id ie ed
sae a (i! pe Vhong -
aaty as ead arn? eee oe:

wt ove “woo ~

 

 

ARE TURNED BACK FROM THE
PRESIDENT’S GATE.

 

Had Been Told That Mr. Roosevelt Wouldn't
Receive Visiters, but. They Drove Up
to the Hill Jost the Same—Drenched , |
They Give Up Public , Meeting. |

Oyster Bay, Aug. 5.—Foup suffragettes ale

came to Oyster Bay village this afternoon
to make the conquest of the Executive
office and if necessary to march;upon the
Setret Service guard and ‘President Roose-
velt at Sagamore Hill. Jhey came and’
saw, but the conquering will have to be
done some other day, for after all suffra-
gettes are only women, and when the white
skirts were drenched and the plumes on the
merry suffragettes’ hats unourled the game
was called off on-docount of rain.

Even Mra Borrmann Wells, the English
suffragette who has faced brickbats and
bad eggs while pleading the cause in her
own country; had to confess herself beaten
by an Oyster Bay shower. She and her
companions took the 8 o'clock train back
to New York, while the Executive office
staff and Secret Service guard breathed
a sigh of relief and the villagers several of
regret. They had read. the “literature”
that had been distributed and were all
primed for something more exciting than
movitg picture shows in Fleet's Hall. As
ne disgruntled villager said: “The circus
never come near Oyster Bay this sum mer,
and now this\’tarnal rain up and spoiled a
good show.”

Headed by Mrs Wells the suffragette
phalanx descended from the 38:21 train for
ite first view of Oyster Bay, if a trip takena
few days ago by Miss Mary Coleman, a

the land, is not considered. ‘Besides Mrs.
Wells there were presént Dr. Maude Glas-
gow, Kriss Margarett Hunt, of Colorgdo,
where they let her vote as early and often as
she ‘pleases, and Mise Mary Coleman, who
had been here before ‘ A
Mrs. Wells, all in white except for a crim-
son sash and a wide sailor hat trimmed
with red ribbon and eet at'a rakish angle,
seemed to scent the battle from afar and

not consént to see us doesnot matter at
“It is enough that he has
t6 come here

the Executive office. :

They ed and at the sedt of
Gov it, but
much to the delight of acting Secretary
Forster, who although not clothed with

until they apply,” he said.

President Roosevelt evidently shared
the fears of his secretary, for early in the
afternoon word went out that Sagamore
Hill had been closed to all visitors whether
they came by automobile, in carriage or
on foot. All the Secret Service men not
on duty. at the Hill gathered in front of
thé Executive office. ;

When the downpour stopped Mrs. Wells
obtained an automobile, put her force
on board, raised the yellow sufftagette ban-
ner bearing the motto “Votes for Women”
and set out to advertise the evening show.
Fort the next hour the auto tooted its way
through the village streets and the suf-
fragettes distributed the “literature” of
the Nationa) Progressive Woman Suffrage
Union. .

As a finish to the trip Mrs. Wells directed
the chauffeur to drive to the Sagamore
Hill entrance. They were ‘met at the
entrance to the President’s grounds by a
Secret Service guard who, as Miss Hunt
said, “Very politely told us that the Presi-
dent was not receiving visitors.” The
suffragettes made no effort to force the
guard and after a few calls on the women ~
of the village returned to the hotel to pre-
pare for the open air meeting front of
the Executive office at 7 o'clock.

Then the rain started in again, and after |
getting thoroughly drenched in a trip from
the hotel to the Executive office corner an
looking with disdain upon the few cracker
box seat holdera who: were having the |
usual evening session in front. of Moore's
grocery store Mrs. Wells decided to hurry
right on to the rédilroad station to oatoh
the # o'clock train to New York.

“But we'll come back, you may be sure
of that,” announced the suffragettes’ leader
as she shook the water from her skirts.
“Please. say that we were beaten only by
the elements. The President will be told
of our coming and it will be his own fault
if he fails to receive us.”

Secretary Forster and the office force, |
who have been working overtime for several
nights, gave the Executive office a wide

berth until that the open air meet-
ing had beers ;
The coming of the suffragettes caused |

scarcely a ripple ‘on the placid surface of
things in Oyster Bay outside of the Execu-
tive office. The village folk since Neigh-
bor Roosevelt became President have be- |
come used to all sorts of queer things and '
are quite blasé. Incidentally Oyster Bay |
Jong ago gave the women the right to vote
for echool trustees and the village feels |
quite up to date on the woman suffrage |

question. a |
New Jersey Tunnel Station OpensSaturday. |
|
|

 

The Ninth street and Sixth avenue sta-
tion of the Hudson tunnels will be opened
one minute after midnight Friday night.
The work on this station has been delayed.’
because of the d ty. of construction,
The soil at that point is very sandy and the |
esenvedn’ Be aged tino og a aie

er air pressure. Acoen
diffioulty, mas the weight of the elevated
structure, w

—_—
NEW YORK-PHILADELPHIA VIA NEW
JERSEY CENTRAL 2-Hour Train, ur

TA. M,-6P.M. See ule :
ON MIDNIGHT TRAINS OPN at 190 O'CLOCK.

—Adt. '
; t jr nye i ~
A) Kiet Soke ae the oe

 

a pes + aerEe

qu .
Se AE 4S Let s cae red :

i eg rr

 

|
|
|

 

BONAPARTE TO RESIGN f

Rumor to That Effeet Revived—Assistant
Atttorney-General Cooley Quits.
Wasuinaton, Aug. 5%Rumor of ‘the
resignation of Attorney-General Bonaparte,
to take effect after the November election,

 

'is revived in Washington, While thig is |
being discussed with animation, additional |

interest is added by the announcement
that Arthur W. Cooley of New York, As-
tant Attorney-General, who has been

| in close touch with Mr. Bonaparte, has.

!résigned. The announcement was made.
to-day and it was asserted that Mr. Cooley’
resignation went into effect immediately.

It was not stated when Mr. Cooley's
resignation was handed in, nor when his*
retitement was first contemplated. Ill
health is given as the cause of his with-
drawal fromthe Department of Justice.
It is known that he has not been in the
best of health for some time, and it is said
for“him that he decided that a long rest
was necessary to.his recuperation. He
is now in Washington, but will leave shortly
for an indefinite stay in the Weet. wi

Mr. Gooley was appointed to the Govern-
ment service about five years ago when
President Roosevelt, who is his perponal
friend, made him one of the Civil Servioe-
Commissioners. He served in that position
unfil 190¢, and he was then appointed an
Assistant Attorney-General» Sinos coming
ta Washington Mr. Cooley has spent much
time at the White House ip a social way
and is a member of the President's ‘tennis
cabinet.”

Knowing ones are saying that Wade H.
Ellis of Ohio will be namedjby the President
to succeed Attorney-General Bonaparte.

of the Chicago platform. Some weeks ago
the position of Assistant to the Attorney-
General, made vacant by the promotion of
Milton D. Pyrdy to a Federal Judgeship,
was offered Mr. Ellis. Had he accepted he
would have beéorme the trust buster in chi

of the Administration. f

; Se aa
$2 TO MARRIAGE BUREAU CLERK,

Sut at That Henry Bard of Mayton, O., Isn't,
Wedded Here Withedt Publicity.
Henry Bard, secretary. of the Gem Loan
and Savings Company of Dayton, Ohio,
was married at the St. Regis Hotel last
of Colum-

 

 

put down as years younger.
Stoneman and her aunt have been stopping

at the Hotel Woloott for several
but it was decided to have the wasaicn

looking for Mr. Bard; He excused him-

“Really, boys, this is no elopement. No
divorce. No romance. No remarkable
difference in ourages—Mrs. Bard isyounger
thanIam, Ngstory,” he kept repeating.

It took him an hour to explaiit to all
who called that there wasn't anything to
tell. Mrs. Stoneman, he said, was the
widow of Frank E. Stoneman, who had
been a prominent business man of Colum-
bus, Ohio. They had: intended being
married on July 1, but he had been taken
down with appendicitis. Passage bad
been ehgaged for a trip to Europe. This
journey will be supplanted by a honey-
moon in Maine. Mr. and Mrs. Bard will
return to Dayton about September 1.

 

“4HOY, YE BROOKLYN TEN!”

To Erie Salled These Teactéers, and Salted
Back Again and Hit a Rock.

Ten school teachers from Brooklyn started
out three weeks ago-for a cruise in the,
launch Carrie Lee, under command of Capt.
Edward Smith of Far Rookaway. They
cruised about up to Lake Erie and then
came home by way of the Hudson.

On Tuesday night they eutered Hell
Gate after a passage through the Harlem
ship canal. Shortly after 10 o'clock

the ferryboat plying between Port Morria,

and College Point saw the launch near
Ravenswood tly in distress. The
ferryboat hailed the launch, but those
aboard declined assistance. ,

The ferryboat captain reported the matter,
to Capt. Goehring of the Volunteer Life
Saying Corps at Port Morris, however,
and with a crew of six men Capt. Goehring
went out to investigate. He found the
Jaunch hard on the rocks and tied to a
spindle buoy half a mile off the Ravens-
wood shore, where the school teachers
had run on in the dark.

By ‘4vo'clock yesterday morning all had
been landed at the Ravenswood Yacht
Club, which was“their destination. They
declined to give their names. The launch
Was hauled off safely. . =

‘ON TRIAL AFTER 23 YEARS.

Slayer, Once Declared Insane, Escapes
Asylum and Again Faces Court,
: Raueron, N.C., Aug. 5.—At Oxford, N. C.,
to-day began a remarkable trial. Twenty-
five years ago Dr. James D.. Puryear, a
‘prominent physician of Oxford and a large
farmer in Granville county, shot and killed
a negro man who worked on his plantation
after a disagreement growing out of the
failure of the negro to remove a lot of cane

 

 

 

  

 
  
 
   
  

 

 

Oe Fey a ee £6

*F
:

{eae ay
Piney

=

a
7
a

{4 YEARS SEARCH FOR BABY

MRS. OKSTEIN. FINALLY TRACED
IT TO FOUNDLING ASYLU} :

 

 

Where It Was “Indentared”, at the Age
of & 1-2 Years—Further Records Said

' to Be Missing—Court Orders a Strict
Inquiry After WhereabUuts of the Boy.

A mother’s fourteen year search for her
child: culminated yesterday in a proceeding
in the County Court House before Justice
Greenbaum, who decided that the mother
is entitled to every possible opportunity to
learn what has become of her offspring. ,

Back .in 1804, as the records in the pro-
ceeding show, Annie Oketein gave birth to
a boy, whose father was Samuel Okstein.
The child was named Joseph. Three weeks
after his birth Mrs. Okstein’s husband de-
serted her taking the baby with him. Since
then she has married again, her present
husband bgjag one Klugman, said to be a
prosperous merehant,. During all the inter-
yening yeara Mrs. Klugman says ehé has
conducted with such diligence as her means
afforded a conatant search for her son, It
was only after she had married Klugman
and was able to use his money that she
could prosecute the search in a syetematio
way. She employed detectives and lawyers,
had the recotds of various institutions
searched, and finally learned that Okstein,
whom she met in Brooklyn accidentally
gome weeks ago, had put the infant eon in
the New York Foun Hospital, at Sixty-

eighth street and Lex avenue. Further
ealed, as her lawyer, W. E. J.

lyn, stated yesterday, that
been indentured in* Septem!

child had
, 1897, when

Mr. Ellisisthe man who drewthefirst draft {‘but three and a half years old, to one “J.

Blondin.” Nothing further could be learned
from fe hospital authorities, so Mrs.
Klugman’e lawyer sued out a writ of habeas
corpus ‘requiring Sister ‘Therese Vincent,
as head of the Foundling Hospital, to pro-
duce in court person of Joseph Okatein,
who should now be a boy of 14.

PRESS
edd
rag y Eas

$
B 2
E

&
hs
e
§

ers
ERE
i
2
pti
ges

 

SHOWERS ‘COOL THE NIGHT

After the Most Uncomfertable Day of Sum-
mer, Though Not the Hottest,

The spirit of national prophecy—Old
Prob, they call him—made a thillseye
yesterday. The'showers he predicted came
without spectacular demonstration,” but
dripping with coolness, like the old oaken
buoket. The temperature was going up
and the humidity was ‘high, making the
day the moat uncomfortable of the sum-
mer, when the horizon to the southwest
became leaden. Growls presently came

blances of rain.
tried to stick to ite highest mark, & de-
grees, but thé advancing area of storm
slowly fagoed it down. It stuck to its rung
until 2:30 o'clock. When the rain began
illing iteelfeon Manhattan borough about
2:45 o’clook the heat went down 10 degrees.
Only about .08 of am inoh fell, but it was

#0 much what we got that made us coool

what fell all around us, west, south,
mprth and seaward, for the showers were

general, :

The real , which drove the mer-
cury swiftly to 74degrees, came along about
8 , o'clock. T were several minutes
of real tropical splutter when umbrellas
were about as useful as canes to protect the
person. In those several minutes nearly
all of the rainfall of .44 of an inch for the
day and night was registered. It. should
be cooler to-day or not any warmer than
it was yesterday. The Washington pre-
diction is for fair weather and ligt to fresh
south to southwest winds.

Five deaths asoribed to the beat and

 

 

MURPARY ISN'T PREDICTING.

| About Nov. 1 He Will Tell Who He Thinks

Wil Win.

Charles F. Murphy came in from Long
ee ee Dil coteetnt te
his mail went to Good,Ground. He
did not go near the Demooratio national
headquarters and would make no predio-
the candidate for Governor.

“How can any one tell,” he remaried,
“hen there ere vanioads of candidates in
he field, and they all want the nomination
that whoever gets it

§

from the land will be elected?” ;
: “Are you similarly. optimistic?” Mr.
When the trial took place Dr. Puryear Murpt hed

the
insane asylum.
{ra Fee eekoty weeny yee
ved for pearly twenty years.
Fone Tea Ae Oe Ea there ae
home,in Oxf and
lested till eet woe
with an. old tance,
near him, who was familiar
trouble the dootor had with

Dr. Puryear.

PE SE Se oe |
H. T, Dewey # Sons Oo., ton 9%, New. York,

td]
-

 

Ads.

wan}

 

i ae

Lares

“I'm not a candidate,” he replied.
“Well, do you think Bryan will carry the

Bails ~*~
ny

1908 .—copuriont, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association. ,

THREE ,IN one ALPS RECORD. :

 

 

 

e. me
= . , e .

 

4

 

Boston Man Ascends Jungfrau and Two
Other Peaks in'1& Hours,
Special Cable Despatch to THs SUN. .

_ InTERLAKEN, Aug. 5.—Mr, Burr of Boston
has made a record climb of three Alpian
peaks, Accompanied by two guides he
began the ascent of the Jungfrau at mid-
night yesterday morning, lanterns being
used to light the way. \ ;

The party, reached the summit and after-
ward made the ascent of Moench, which
feat accomplished they ascended Eiger
and returned to Mr. Burr's hotel after
fifteen hours, ;

It was hard going over icefields and
rocks. The three peaks are each more
than 13,000. feet high, They form a chain
connected by lofty snow covered ridges,

 

PRESIDENT MUST, DECIDE.

The Cafe of the Dismissed Cadets Passed
Up to Him by Secretary Wright.

Wasxrnoron, Aug. 5.—The President will
have the last say in the matter of the dis-
charged West Point cadets. Secretary
Wright, who said yesterday that he would
have something to announce in. the next
forty-eight hours, explained this morning
that the matter had been passed up to the
President and that there would be nothing
to be said until he could hear from Oyster
Bay.

Col. Soott, superintendent of the West
Point Academy, who was here yesterday in
conference with the Secretary, left last

 

THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1908,
Fair to-day and Ww; light to fresh
braves eda.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS,

ZEPPRLIN'S SHIP DESTROYED

EXPLODES IN A THUNDERSTORM
AND BLOWS AWAY.

 

 

That Lightaing,Pierced It Censidered Ime *
probable—Germhany Votes 600,000
Marks to Broken Hearted Inventor—4&
Mechanics | Hurt—Nation Depressed.

“Special Cable Despatches to TH SUN.

Srurraaat, Aug. 5.—Count Zeppelin’s
airship, which was moere@ in the open
country near Echterdingen, caught fire this
afternoon while a staff of mechanics were
at work repairing the motors. The under-
structure of the vessel took fire and in the
confusion which followed the big airship
broke ‘from its anchorage and drifted
away. severe thunderstorm was on at
the time: and portions of the balloon drifted oe
rapidly away, disappearing quickly in the Ci
sky, driven by the high wind.

One or more of the gas containers ex-
ploded, and four of the men who were at
work beneath were seriously injured. Count \
Zeppelin was not hurt, x i

The Count is in despair; as the airship; '
the fruit of many years labor, is an almost
complete loss. ty

Lonnon, Aug. 6:—The Daily Mail printe

night, He and the Secretary of War were | the following fron Rudolf Martin, the
unable to agree, and the case will now be aeronaut and novelist who followed Count
carried to the President by Col. Scott. Zeppelin's flight in an automobile and in
It was- the understanding here that | trains: ; }
an engagement had already been made | “Owing to a motor defect and the esca
: pe
for Col. Scott to see the President on Friday. of hydrogen the airship had come ‘dows

Secretary Wright sympathized with the )
cadets and did not believe their offence | 8t Eohterdingen early Wednesday morning.
was serious enough to justify their dis- ;} When Count Zeppelia said to me on Tues-
shlaial, Wie hi aaah ig day at Nierstein, his first stop, that he
ol. ve views on the | would unload all removable objects before
necessity of breaking .up hazing at West réneceindliie: I: inerw (Chk thie “toma :.08 7
Point and om the desirability of maintain- e gas
ing discipline. He believes the cadets must have assumed dangerous dimensions.
should not be taken back. Only in the most favorable circumstances
a enennenmenelln *| could the airship have completed the return
ELECTION FRAUDS IN CLINTON. | journey trom Mayence to Constance.

 

Against Justice Kellogg's Secretary.

PLATYSBURG, N. Y., Aug. 6.—The extraor-
dinary ‘Grand Jury convened by Gov.
ae to investigate elevtion cases in

ton county found three indictments

this evening, one against the private secre-
tary of Judge H. T. Kellogg of the
Court. Charles.§. Whitman of York
is in charge, apting as deputy Attorney-
Genera] ‘

The Grand Jury went into session Monday
afternoon; and it is considered that Judge
Whitman has displayed great ability in
securing indictments go early. Both polit-
ical parties have cerned in corrupt
practices “here. John F. O'Brien is the
Republican boss,and T. F. Conway thé
Democratic boss.

ee

HELD FOR GIVING FREE RIDE.

 

Bavrmmong, Aug. 5—George P. Sommers,
a conductor on the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad, was arrested to-day by United
States Deputy Marshal Zimmerman on the
charge of violating an act of Congress by
carrying a passengey free of charge on his
train. He was. released on $1,000
a hearing before United States
sioner Rogers.

The warrant, which charges the con-
ductor with carrying Charles Flinder free
from Raltimopre to.Martinsburg, was sworn:
out by

“This morning’s desgont was necessitated ‘
both by the molting of a piston rod bearing -
and by lack of gas. Five hundred ‘hydro-
gen cylinders were immodiately ordered
from Friedrichshafen, but they could not *
arrive before 6 in the evening. In any
case the refilling of the bas bag in tho open
country would have been a most dangerous
experiment, which, in a strong wind, would
have led to ter. i"

“As it was, the catastrophe took place
shortly after 8 o'clock in the af
A thunderstorm squall tore the great
ship from her moorings, The main
was holding her to the ground f
bow, so she might move, freely:
changing direction of the wind.
Zeppelin had re

i
i
: !
ectvatel

Ra

aA

.| which are contained in an aluminum cover,

*The escaping gas, it seems, caught fire
on coming in ovntact with the hot petrol
motor. A violent wind drove the now
blazing airship nome 320 feet high. As it

Another mechanic in the
forward lower car and a grenadier were-
much burned. '

“Several thousand spectators standing

les H.,Poummarrat, auditor | near were hurled to the :

. ) ground -~by the
< seaee receipts of the Baltimore | anchor as it was torn joose. Some 150

i foot soldiers and dragoons were standing

The action follows the arrest of William by, having been despatobed from Stuttgart
T. Peer Hugh C. Pieroe, also con- | in the morning, but only a few were actually
ductors of the railroad, who were arrested | helping to hold down the airship.
on the charge of carrying Charles Flinder | «The final cause of the catastrophe is the
on their trains without charge. In edoh | Government's condition that a twenty-
case the conductors deny all knowledge | four hours t must not be interrupted.
of knowing a man by the name of Flinder | 4 railway e at the most runs only
and ida that they are innocent of the ao- | sight hours at a stretch, and we can hardly
CURRAN demand a light air motor to run twentye
four hours.

 

POPE TALKS OF MISS ELKINS.

Cardinal Gibbons Tells Him About the
Prospective Italian Princess.
~ Special Cable Despatch to T! ]
Lonpon, Aug. 5.—The ‘sinbe’s Rome oor-

“The Zeppelin airship No. 5, however, i
{the one destroyed was No. 4] has been ™
building for some months. Now’ the. Ger-
man Airship~ League will devote © itself
quickly to the systematic perféction of

respondent says that Cardinal Gibbons | aerial navigation and will avoid the grave
confirms the statement that Miss Katherine | blunder of insisting on a twenty-four hour
Elkins will formally embrace the Roman | continuous test as a condition to purchase
Catholic faith before she marries the Duke | which the German Government has made.”
of the Abruzzi. BERLIN, Aug. 5.—The consternation and

The correspondent sgys that the Pope | bitter disappointment of the Germans
questioned Cardinal Gibbons closely re- | here and throughout the empire cannot,
garding Mies Elkins and her relatives and | perhaps, be realized by those who have
expressed pleasure that Miss Elkins was | not lived among them since Count Zep-
about to become an Ifalian and Catholic | pelin’s airship’ first came to be regarded
Prinoess. as an epoch making invention and it was

MRS, MACKAY — REELECTED. aaromned. tes he was. the foynces: of Cate

; many’s aerial supremacy.
No Opposition to Her 2% Sehool Board { Tne depression is increased by genuine
, Member at Roslyn—She Votes.

sympathy for the brave Count, who has
Rustyx, L. L., Aug. 5.—Mre. Clarence

 

_—_—,_ 4 —
> ——. $$$ —

‘fought adversity throughout his repeated
‘Mackay wag reelected to thembership of | *orts, which he doggedly persevered
the Roslyn ool Board this afternoon.

There were 151 votes cast, an unusually
large number in the absence of a contest.
Mrs. Mackay was one of several women
to vote, but there was no such interest as
there was three years ago when Mrs,
Mackay was first eleqted over active op-
position.” Jé F. Remsen, whose term

school had a narrow’ escape from being
hit by lightning. A great ball of fire
seemed to burst within a few feet of the
roof and one portion hit the roof of Martin
Zintle’s house opposite and scattered some’
of the shingles, but did no other damage.’
The house was but 150 feet from the school.

FELL INTO HIS BALLOON.

Capt. Levemée of Amefica Nearly Guf-

Cocated by Singular Accident in Londen.

_ Spectal Cable De: r

Lonovon, Aug. 5. Lovelace, the
American balloonist, had a narrow efcape
to-day at the Franoo-British Exhibition.

While he was climbing over the gasbag
of a balloon the cover gave way and he
fell into the baligon,

the time an assistant was able to res-

cue him he was nearly suffoceted,

 

 

Prison Sentences for Street Car Rowdies.

Magistrate O'Reilly in the Manhattan
avenue police court, Williamsburg,

yester-
day sentenced George Adams of 160 North | fut upon hie breeat, hie ie trembled,
High street to six moffthe in the peniten~ and then he began to sob without saying Me,
, with two others were arrested | a word. . ng
~ . ss eo germ * meee eee tee *, eee reerre |
esi oo. Moyaey sonening for. terroriging§: {~ + Ty""wha” A" "hi6arttebihitid * wédbe, “WHISK ra
Revers) women, Hes or ane 2.50 TO ATLANT OITY AND C
Aten, atl Sears ee ohhh oe
+. and New
todo, = A turning at  M.— Ade, .
if He x 4 « ‘ \

 

   
   
   
  
  
   

in ever since he first conceived the im-

of aerial warfare when he was
serving in the American civil war. Nothing
but the disaster to his acrostat is talked
about, and judging from the ons
heard on all sides one can believe the stories
of enthusiastic admirers weeping at the
news of the loss of the airship.

It is reported that the Queen of Wirtem-
berg, who had accompanied the King to
Mangell, Lake Congtance; to await Count
Zeppelin'’s triumphant return from his
evoyage, broke into tears when she learned
of the destruction of the serostat, while
‘at Constance and Friedrichshafen,
b Count Zeppelin is a hero, wept
apesily on the streets.

The account states that the Count him-

broke down on hearing of the catas-
phe. He had gone to lunoh at Echter-
dingen while the engineers were repairing
the anchored monster in the neighboring
fields. He received the first news from the
editor of the Neue Tageblatt of: Stuttgart.
who raced in an automobile at mad speed
to Echterdingen. : ;

When informed of what had oocurred
Count Zeppelin turned pale. He sprang
into the automobile and dashed to
scene of the catastrophe. When
upon the. burning remnants of what
an hour before had been the
of the long cherished hope of
the admiration of all Germany