corey
¥

\

 

a

”

 

ee ee ee

VOL. LXIX.—NO. 29.

   

 

|

ASSAIL BRITISH WAR OFFICE,
BRITISH PAPERS AROUSED BY |

BULLER'S APPOINTMENT.

 

}

ATTACK ON SENATOR JONES.

Mo Chairman Accused of Wiitul
Misropresentation.

Lrtria Roca, Ark, Sept. 28 —The joint

Senatorial oanvass between Senator James

K. Jones and ex-Gov. James P. Clarke is

 

Lemon of the Boer War Net Well Learnea | °OOMINE exceedingly personal and gives

~—War Gecretary Brodrick Breaking

the Promise He Made—<den. Lerd
Kitchener's Handicap in South Africa.

Special Cable Despatch te THR SUN

LONDON, Sept. 28.—The attacks on the
Goverument in regard to army reform
and the conduct of the war have been re-
sumed The appointment of Gen

promise of involving nearly all the public
inen of the State. Gov. Jeff Davie has
already begun to espouse the cause of
Gov. Clarke, while Senator Berry is helping
Senator Jones

'
Gov. Clarke sprung a senmition at the

| appointment in Lonoke to-day by reading

,@ letter Congressman Thomas (
Sir |

Redvers Buller to the command of the |

Biret Army Corps, ix assailed bitterly on
@very hand, from the Times and Spectator
downward

Secretary of War Brodrick distinctly
stated when he afnounced the establish-
ment of the army corps «ystem that po
General ehould henceforth be appointed
ou & peace aasignment who would not
be fit to held his command in time of war.
ihe Spectator asks whether any reason-
alle Person can suppose that in the event
of war Gen. Buller would be allowed to
(ake comMand in the field. It goes on to
pay that unquestionably he ought not to
be and would not be

(Other papers reassert openly and speci f-
‘cally allegations that Gen. Buller helio-
eraphel after the battle of Colenso cat-

egorically ordering Gen. White, the com- |

ander at Ladyamith, to destroy the cipher,
to destroy the stores, and make for 12,000
armed Britons, the flower of the British
Army, the beet terms possible, The
Spectator says that now is the time that a
plain statement should be maie by the
War Office on thie point.

The other two appointments eo far made
to the Army Corps are also criticized on

the und that t are directly in opposi- .
yo 7 J - | he aay ts authorized by Gamaliel Bradford,

tion to Seoretary of War Brodriok'’s promise.

|

| to give you the facta about the

|

|

Gen. Sir Evelyn Wood is to command the |

Beoond Army Corps, aud the deafness which
prevented him from serving in South

\frica will apply to every war.
of Connaught has been samed to command
the Third Army Corps. There is no criti-
clam as to his fitness, but as the King’s

The Duke |

McRae
wrote to Senator Jones vesterday The
Congressman has been a life long friend
of the chairman of the Democratic National
Committee and authoriged Gov. Clarke
to make the latter public. The Congress
man, in his letter, accuses Senator Jones

of wilful misreprosentation in order to
boost his candidacy for reelection

The controversy is over the claim cf
the Farmers’ National Bink of Hudson

4 larke

N. ¥., which Mr. Merae and Gov A

attempted to collect from the State
McRae, among other things, save
“As one who has supported you in every

NEW YO

ambition of your life, | regret that you |

did pot at least give me an opportunity
claim and
claimants you now so unjustly assail and
seek to make an issue in your race for re
election, But since you elected to obtain
incorrest information through your new
found friead, Fishback, you should not
expect me to remain ailent while you con-
tinue to denounce my clients, who are
honorable genulemen, and my aasociate
counsel, why came into the case at my
invitation. I did not believe you capable
of thia *

 

HON. G. BRADFORD, CANDIDATE,

“In the Fight te the Finish" by a Revised
Public Utteranec.

Bostow, Sept. * -Philip T Nickerson

sands out the following «tatement, which

regarding Mr. Bradford's candidacy for the

Democratio nomination for Governor
“The interview with Mr. Bradford, pub-

lished in the morning papers, while aub-

| stantially correct in language, has been
given a slant and inference that are misiead- |

ing. Mr Bradford is more determined than

brother he would not be allowed to take the | ever and is stronger throughout the State

field, and, therefore, it should be looked
upon es disqualifying him for a peace
command.

if
|
§
if

é

2

=

i

i;
ieee ;

 

BRITISH PLAN NOT LEGAL,

Prof. Westlake Declares Against
Beers on Trains to Step Wrecking.
Special Cate Despatch to TH SUK

Lowpon, Sept. 28.--Prof. John Westlake
of Cambridge Law University, a well-known
authority on international law, referring

o the much discussed question of the right
to put Boers on trains in South Africa with
the object of preventing train wrecking,
dedlares against it on the following grounds:

Annexation converted the Transvaal and

Orange River Colony burghers into subjecte

i
|

than at any time since his candidacy was
announced There are Bradford delegates
even in Boston. He has never contemplated
withdrawal and fs in the fight to the finish. *

In the interview Mr. Bradford was quoted
as foliows “I do not expect the nomina-
tion, have never expected it. [ am not
& seeker after office, | am a preacher of the
doctrine. | have been far more certain of
winning the election, if I could secure the
nomination, than of getting the nomination
1 do not now believe, however, that I could
win the election even if I secured the nomi-
nation.”

FIRE SET BENEATH TENEMENT.

 

 

Policeman Fallon, passing the grocery
store of leaac Silver at 16 Goerck street
early yesterday morning saw the glimmer
of a light behind some barrels in the rear
of the store.

120

| Coler for
have told him that he would be fit for a |

} Methods, Mr

 

SQUIRE CROKER AT A CRISIS.

TO NOMINATE COLER I8 TO LOSE
THE MASTERY.

It Has Not Been His Way to Let Hill Jam |

& Dose of That Kind Down His Throat
~-He Is Sullen and Silent Mili Has
Talks With Coter and Perry Belmont.
Former Governor David Bennett Hill

returned to Albany yesterday afternoon
He had a number of private and comfortable

talka with Comptroller Coler. Mr Hill
has been Mr. Coler's sponsor in politica:
life A short time ago Mr. Hill got a little

crosa with Mr Coler, but he has always
beloved in the capacity of Mr. Coler to
oarry Water on two shoulders or any number
of shoulders, and that's the game with Mr
Mil and Mr. Coler all the way through
Mr Hill had a long talk with ex Repre-
sentative Perry Belmont, who in the last
ditches ia Mr. Hill's friend, notwithstanding
anything Mr Croker may say

Mr. Hill told hia friends on thie occasion
as he has wid them always

‘
“Mr. Coler is a coming man. He te strong |

with the people He is an honest man
He has told what he thought of Croker in
his published articles wherein he denounces
(Croker for commercialism in polities
Coler if nominated for Mayor of New York

will not tolerate any nonsense, and of that ,

you may be assured *

Squire Croker, it fs known from con-
fidential sources, does not want to nominate
Mayor. He persona!

politieal insane asylum if be nominated
Coler, Coler being Hill's friend, no matter
how much masquerading he is doing now
adays
aod Hill to be the dominant factors in State
poliuos, aud if he acoepta Mr. Coler and
permite Mr. Coler to be jammed down hia
throat.which is not acoording to the Croker
Croker, it was said by his
Ppersoual friends last night, must bid good-
by forever to his exalted place as leader of
Tammany Hal!

Squire Croker ta getting a little old.
Hie mind is not as plastic as it was in the
days when he succeeded the Hon. John
Kelly as leader of Tammany Hall. He is
hot surrounded by the men in these hours
who were his former sound advisers Squire
Croker, indeed, do@s not need any advisers.

He has reached that plane of exalted scouted at the idea of the aon attempting
wisdem where it seems to him that the or the father permitting such a thing
leecdhe f Tar ' 1 Proudly the parent took lus stand in a corner
lene mo ainmany Hall, the men who | of thet m, and placing a lighted cigar
‘ave sustained his supremacy for eo many in his mouth ordered the boy to knock
years, are inere buge on a leaf, the ashes off with a trusty ahot
Squire Croker is coufronted with the Crack, crack me the rifle. while the
m tiptoe to witnesa the
rreates 1 oO 1 . . _ | spectators stood on
an atest question of his life. If he nom feat lo their surprise Kdward, Sr.,
inates Mr Coler it is good-by to Souire ewerved about and fell to the floor. Thinke
(roker forever as the masterful leader ing he was killed a doctor was hastily sum-
of Tammany Hall If he bows the knee | moned, when it was found that the bullet

| ‘
now there are twenty Tammany ljeaders

in the organization ready like the wolves

|
of Russia to tear their disabled leader to

pieces. Mr. Croker is sullen and silent
he doesn't seem to kuow what to my. He
knows one thing, and that haa beea told

He went to SilVerT nse at PTT by Tammany leaders, that it will be

Broome street and asked for the key | Very cold weather for him if he again pre-

to the place
fit the look

Fallon forced open the door Ho found

ligted candle had been placed on

a pile of kindling wood whieh ha! been

saturated with kerosene. The candice had

burned down almost te the wood, which

7

and in the rooms upstairs sixteen families
were asleep

1 gomoemen arrested Silver and his
wife on suspicion of When
they were arraigned later in Eewex
Market police court they were loud in
their protestations of innocence. When
asked to explain why he gave the wrong
key to the policeman, Silver replied that he
must have the victim of a put-up job by
some one who wanted to injure hen He
refused to say whether the store was in-
sured or not

M rate Flammer held both
in $3, bail each for examination while
the police collect more evidence.

 

WOMEN FIGHT T0 A FINISA,

Silver gave him a key which

ed in euch @ way that the firo |
all around the)
It ie in @ five-story tanemet house |

sumes to live in England for nine months
and permit Tim Sullivan and the poolroom
gang to run Tammany Hail in bis name,

DEVERY LE#*T TO MURPHY.
Whalen Deolines to Shoulder Any Respen-
siblitty for Him.

Corporation Counsel Whalen washed
his hands yesterday of the affairs of the

Police Department so far as they relate :

to the charges brought against Deputy

Commissioner Devery by the Merchants’
Association, When these charges wers
received by Commissioner Murphy he

thought that an easy way to get rid of
them was to refer them tothe Law Depart«
ment for an opinion. He had in mind
the possibility of Mr. Whalen's shelving
the charges and holding up the whole pro-
ceeding by simply refraining from giving
any opinion on the subject. If this was
the plan, Mr. Whalen refused to be a party

| to it, for he returned the papers to the Com-

of King Edward. Those who are living They Disable One Another in a Williams |

peacefully under his Government are not

burg Hallway.

governed by the laws of war, but by those | Mre Sarah Scheier, the wife of a tailor of
of the land, and Great Britain claims their |

tllegiauce as was proved in the arrest of Dr
\\rause, the former Governor of Johannes-
nesburg on a charge of treason. Therefore
(o> put a peaceable ex-Boer on a railway
‘rain as a defeuse would be the same as
Going it to a natural born British subject

If it is suggested to take the victim to
‘he concentration camps a dilemma arises
if they are free to leave the camps they
are within the category of persons who
have acoepted the King's change of status
by living peacably under the King's gov-
ernment.

If they are not free the British |

|

nave no right to assume that it is their |
“ption. Uf they bad any they would have .

> exercised it as to make them stil! ene-
mies of Great Britain
Apart from the legal point, even the

(vermans did not put the French natables ;

on trains without giving notice, which ia

\ifieult to give to all the scattered bands

f the
AITCHENER'S “MORILE™ COLUMNS
Ne Discovers That They Have Been Carry-

tag Planes and Kitchen Ranges.
Spectal Catle Despatch to Tue SUN
Lowpon, Sept. 2% —The South African

mall to-day brings the text of an order
«weued by Lord Kitchener, which has not

Transvaal and the Orange River

 

been published through the cables It |

reads as follows

“The Commander-in-Chief in South Africa
desires to impress upon officers in com-
mand of mobile columns that the object
of uch commands is mobility. He has
earned that such forces have carried about
with them furniture, kitchen ranges, pi-
anos and harmoniums, which nullify that
»bject. He oriers that these articles
‘ust he handed over at the nearest stores *

-_——

POLICEMAN SAVES RBARIFS.

Carries Three Out Threagh Smoke-Pitied |

Passage Then Feiches a Bank Book

A fire which started yesterday ina stale |

moh of the house of Harry Orr, a plasterer,
14 Pork avenue, mi yt
‘te Chua of loam of life had i mot been for
Poboeman Kiely Kielyfound Mra Orr'e
@by girl in « carriage peer a smoke. filid
——_er leading to the har thy saved
we teby aod then Mre Orr's other t«
hildren. Lewes acd Mamie Then he went
ack aul ¢ Mie (hry ® teen beeok The

oe time be came “a he he beren &
rong * *ind«
Rverei@e 2 4G 5) &
Be Meuers « foreeoe

“news . »
’ fe) ree

~~ rma te & te '
© ® PTV ete Hower erra teens .

@ met a |

have been |

131 Varet street, Williamsburg, and Mra,
Sarah Buntman, a tenant in (he same house,
have been jealous of each other for seve
eral months on account, it is said, of their
respective children. Both were in the firs:
floor hallway last evening and became in-
volved ina fight. They kicked and punched
each other until beth fell Mr Seheer
became insensible and was carried to her
flat Mre Buntrnan fainted from fright
and was assisted to her rooms A report
was spread that Mre Scheler had
ino y hurt and almost instantly peo-
ple crowded about and into the building
When an ambulance reached the scene
the driver was unable to force a passage
through the crowd and policemen cleared
a way for him. Dr Smith found Mre
Secheier ously injured She had been
kicked in he abdomen Mr Buntman
was im a similar condition Both women
were too ill to be removed to the hospital

 

CIGAR BUSINESS FOR JERSEY.

Strikes tn New York Result in Substantial
Gains for New Brunswick.

New Brunswice, N J, Sept. 28 Labor
troubles in New York city, particularly
among cigarmakers. have proved a boon
for New Brunswick. Because they were
being constantly harassed by strikes and
interfeping walking delegates Hirschborn,
Mack & (Co. manufacturers of cigars,
opened a factory in this city a few vears
ago with 100hands. At present they omploy
1,000 hands, and they are advertiaing for
more help To-day Pred Hirschhorn an-

nounced that he will soon build in thie city
anew factory, and that when this ix fin.
ished the firm Will need from 1,200 to 1,400
hands a

BMMA GOLDMAN TO SPrFaK.

(hicage Pelice Will Act Wf the Law ts
Transgressed

Cutcaco, Vi, Sept 24 Emma
man will address a meeting of Ar
at 27 Van Burer ,
of Police OG Neill reeetived a eireuiar. ad
vertiaing the meeting end detailed Lieut
Deehan of the Detective Departmer to
attend

Gold-
lista
‘

street to-mortoe it

“We will take acti if the law is tra
qresend.” san! the (hie “It har
savy when the privtlieg: free speed cate
het u . e ' iq j
up te the police to an l¢ i
Dewan be oomngeet ont tered te Mowe (eek
man + on

‘

’ . eer &% “ = ' “

“ * . a bol ret oe ~~
. hem he « ~_
oe Perwres u ' *

vor

!

|

missioner yesterday with a letter saving

1 beve examined the charges and spec.
cations, and after such examination have
reached tha conclusion that the matters
therein contained 49% Wot suggest ans ques
tion of law whieh calls for my advice, bul are,
on the contrary, of a nature requiring sin riy
action on your part as the head of the de-
partment It is for you w determine what
that action shall be fou have, of course
the right to refuse

   

» entertain the char@ees
in your opinion, they are not of suMcient
gravity to warrant action, or if you decide
‘o pressed you have most ampie authority
ndet the provisions of section ¢ of chapter
83 of the Lawe of 1901, which isin part
Section 4-The said
yowres & appoint from the citizens of the tnited
States aad residents of the said city and at Pleasure
remote two deputies to be known as First Deputy
( ommiasioner and Second Deputy Commiasioner
Under thie section you are not obliged
hefore removing either one of the Deputy
Commissioners to hear any charges or to
o through any special form of procedure
assutne, of course, that you would in any
case where charges or complaints are made
to you, which might cause rou to take the
achion authorized in section 6 of the act men-
tioned, afford au opportunity for @x plana-
tion oF answer to the ar cuneal Deputy Com-
missioner The fact, however, that vwour
Power of removal is absolute and untram-
melied, renders it tinuecessary to consider
many legal queetions which might he pra.
sented were tie case one of an ordinary hear-
lng On charges, | have to say, therefore,
that the matter is one entirely within your
own discretion, and that it iw unnecessary

 

 

to offer you any legal advice on the sublect
Yours, lows Wretes
Corporation Counsel
Col. Murphy declined to discuss the

Corporation Counsel's letter

MONEY THROWN 10 THE WINDS.

A Telegraph Operator Favored by the
Fairies Prodigal in His Prosperity.
Yonrsens Sept 28 -Ashower of gold and

' e@liver coin and bills, which lasted for five

| one hundred excited men and bows

minutes, caused a small riot on Main street,
near Post Office this afternoon A
flashily dressed man, apparently 30 years old
was muttering to himeelf and throwing
away money right and left with both hands
and Le was soon surrounded by at least
Police .
Was attracted to the scene
f his

wd

the

man () Neill, wh
after the stranger had scattered some
money, fore ia way through the o
and arrested the prug@aral

 

ihe ptieoner oe pay the slehtest

atte im ¢t the « wr When Ques lione /
hept touttering @unething abwrut fairies
aml Atlantic City He did not appear to
hae Lavet tohing When he was esarched
Peltor Station tt was found through
letter that hae name ia Thooas Carroll

i that be le or has heen « telegraph omer
ator at 186 Rramieay New York He hed

wty-thoee tween bellar tdi eighty of

‘ Lumdred te feller gold peecee, and
a the samme nummer of phew Of ernadl
. .

As the prime md been threwing away
money of a denonunations it &® @ot kaown
hat oF “ihe ihe euthewtee

av mutated e, w Vewtern Unie
lek *» Compery at New Vort

. er Teer] theme « _—™-
; Pay . .
Soe Vere (vette 4 to
eee ra . eehe

RK, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER -

PLANNED SURPRISE WEDDING.
| Gerara

friends |

Squire Oroker doas not want Coler |

Commissioner shall have —

 

  

\\\

SS

    

29, 1901 ~~ opyriokt, 1001

3 N. Stanten and Mies Margaret
A. Dewning Seeretiy Married
Garenwicn, Coun, Sept. 24. Mrs Mabel
Downing'’s seoond daughter, Miss Mar
Allen Downing, and Gerard No Stan
son of the late Gerard N Stanton,
| all of New York, were secretly married
in New York city on Friday. They were

P

, waret

' ton,

| engaged, bul the announcement of their
‘marriage Was a surprise to the bride's
| family. Both the bride and the bride-

creom are young, and it Was only on account
of Miss Downing's youth that the objection

wae raised to her marriage. Mre. bowning
has forgiven the couple and they are ex
pected home again in a few davs

Mre. Downing and her three daughters
caine to Greenwich this epring and {eased
kh kh Willard’s North street residence
for three yoars. Gerard Stanton prolonged

| hia wtay al the Kent House and he was a
froguent visitor at the Downing hone
During the summer they went sailing a

great deal and in an accident Mr Stanton
Jumped overboard and aaved Miss Down-
ings liie, Their engagement was an-
nounced soon afterward

Yesterday Miss Downing started for
New York city to do some shopping and
instead of coming home at night a tele-
ram arrived, stating that Mr and Mre
vorant N. Stanten would arrive
in a few weeks news was a shock
toMm Downing. To-day she went to New
York and visited her daughter's grand-
father, Silas Downing, and together they
began an investigation, which
in their finding out Unat the wedding had
really ooeurred. Mr and Mra Stanton
will return here after taking a short wedding
| trp

YOUNG WILLIAM TFLIL.

His Father Permitted Himself to Be the
Target Once Tee Often.

| BattTimone, Md, Sept 28 The daring

act of William Tell, in shooting an apple

from the bead of his eon, found emulation

last night at 414 Hughes avenue, but in this

case i! was the son who oamaved the display

 

of markemanship, hia father being the
target
Kdward Thomas, Jr, a twelve-year-old

boy, has long been known in that vicinity
' as a crack shot. So proud was his father
{of the fact that he has frequently allowed
the boy to shoot apples from hie head
eigere from his mouth for the amuseemenr
and deiectation of hia patrona. So «skilful
had the lad become that there was never

  

a hitch in the work. Last night Edward |
outdid |imeaelf
The saloon was crowded with people

among whom were several strangera, who

had
Thomas decided to live,
Present no mure such exhibitions

li
will
The cigar was uninjured

 

!
‘

| a

| NO LOVING CUP FOR CLRVERA.
His Remarks negdfing wr. WeKiniey

(awe Abandenment of Project.

Binowawron, N. Y., Sept. 28
nouncement wag made to-day that the
Cervera Memorial Association aban-
doned the project of collecting funda for the
Viee-Admiral

The an-
has

presentation af a loving « up to

Cervera The reason given is the statement |
inade by the Admiral rewariiir g President
| Mchinier and the cause of the Spanish
| war The fund was in the most prosperous
condition, money comb in daily from al!
parte of the United States ut when
ervera’s statement reached the ears of
members of the association that body

| deuded that he would never receive from
American pe ple any k ving cup that
the Sidney Testimonial Assoclation had
anything to do with or contributed to in
any degree It was further announced that
any subscription received for the testi-
monlal fund would at once be returned to
the donor

| the

 

~~

WOWAN LFAPS FROM TRAIN?

Feand Unconscious on the Tracks With
Head, Arm and Leg Broken.

Harnison, N.Y, Sept
mings, a young woman of Harrison, was
found early thus morning on the New Havea
Raliroad (racks badly injured, by the en-
gineer of a freight train, who stopped his
l engine within a few feet of her She was
earried to a drug store, where a doctor
discovered that her right leg and arm were
broken and that ber skull was fractured
She was brought back to consciousness,

but becaine delerious and raved about the |

train not stopping for her
| *L'l be late, please stop the train,” she
' moaned, “Il want to eet off. *

It is believed that Miss Cummings boarded
an oxprems train at New York, thinking it
would stop at Harrixnon and that when she
cisco ve it runuing rapidly by her station,
the leaped ff

BOUNTIES FOR VETERANS.
827% fue Fach Man Whe Enilsted itn

Spanish War, Says Lawyer Judge.

Lawyer John ©. Judge of Brooklyn de.
| Clares he has made a discovery in State and
Federal laws which will be of much benefit
to the men who enlisted for service in the
Spanish-American War Mr Judge will
hot make public the date of the laws, but
@aye that under the State Hounty law every
| man in thia State who enlisted is entitled
to 684 and that under the Federal Bounty
| law each man ie ent tied to $104, makin
| $278 for each man He has been retained
by 3,000 of the enlisted men and has
tented their,clains,

VANDERBILT HOUSE LEASED.

| John RK. Drexel Takes the F. W. Vanderptis
Firth Avenue Residence.

Tt was announced yesterday that John
'R Drexel of Newport has leased the realc
dence of Frederick W) Vanderbilt at Fortieth
sireet and Fifth avenue, together with the
stables at 2 East Fortieth atreet Mr
Vanderbilt will pases the winter at hie coun
try house at Hvde Park rt was re-
ported some time ago that Mr. Vanderbilt
Was anxious to sell the Fifth avenue prop-
ert Dean & Fidridge were the brokers
who acted f him in renting it to Mr

lrexe!

pre-

 

George West Will Must Be Taken te Ragtand
te Be loentine!

 

Bautsroxn, NV Sept o7% ~RBecaues
former Congressman Creorge Weet, the

ponerse Paper maker, made his will in
bagiant Lust focu'nent wil lew taken
@oress the coean to be identified The
will was made wale Mr W War Vining
in Baglee! and the *itnewems are there
Por the wt terrae Wow dr hie eon,
will take tle ¢ ment 1 that aourtry
neat Werk The ill diqeeees an ewlate

of avou!l 1. oF

Hiverci@e £2 tOGcm %

be Ne vee Viewer @ * 378) Brees -

| we om h Cite a Treet Fepreanedt

\* ng oDlirete ore ‘ arr) herere
AererGhet ce Ree

, er © Fel meeree

ee « 0 Bete NOY ade

  

dome |

resulted |

assed completely through the upper |
mut in future |

28 —Mary Oum- |

|
| TO TALK OVER NEW VORK POLI-
TICS AT WHITE HOUSE.

-_ = —_

Appointment Made for Saturday or Sunday
Next --The Personal Attacks on Col-
lector Bidwell Will Pall Many Other
lecal Matters Are to He Discuserd.

last night, has invited Senator Thomas
j Collier Piatt to come to see him at the White
House on Saturday or Sunday next and
talk to him about the political complexion
of New York State There are many mat-
ters to be discussed No one has desired

to speale of possible complications in New |

York State Republean politics until Presi-
dent Roosevelt was fairly in his seat) Presi
dent Roosevelt is frank, caudd and straight
forward. There is no equivocation with
him in any way, and nobody knows this
better than Senator Hlatt and Col George
W. Dunn, chairman of the Republican
State Committee who has recently visited
President Koosevelt at the White House
President Rovsevelt, it was said jaat
night, understands from the first letter
of Ube alphabet to the las’, the exigencies
of New York Repubican politics He is
not to be carried away by any idle gossip,
| and he is to do every thing, it was said, to
carry out the idea that he is President
McKinley's political executor and legates
In 1904 whea President Roosevelt is to be
renominated by the Republican National
Convention, he can fit his administration
to his own political desires and aspirations
President Koowevelt in his taix with
Senator Platt, it was said last wight, is
to go over the Federal appointinenta in
New York city. Tuere are mauy personal
matters to be considered. The haphazard
| statements of certain people, printed in
certain New Yors
relied upyn. Senator

Plau, with the

present Governor of the State of New York, |
Roosevelt ter |

homuinated Mr
Governor against Mr Black, and it was
Mr. Platt and Mr. Quay of Pennsylvania
who forced Mr Hanua to nominate Mr
Hoosevelt for Vice-President at the Phila-
deiphia National Convention

No matter the motives of these
men, the armuinent was made last night,
Mr. Roosevelt was made Governor and was
eventually made President hy the Republi-
oan organization of the State of New York
The personal attacks on Collector Bidwell,
it Was saul last night, will not be tolerated
i hy the President or the President's friends,

he President is friendly not only to Mr.

Hic well thes Postmaster Van Cott,
/ and he if contented with Survewor Croft,
He does not much about Appraiser
Wakeman or Pension Agent Kerwin, or
Internal Revenue Collectors Treat and
Lidman, or Naval Officer Sharkey, or Im-

Mr. Odell,

about

 

but he

say

tnigration Conuwuissioner Fitchie, or Post. |

master Wilkon of Brooklyn: but President

Roosevelt, it was said by those who have |
him in the last tweatye

conferred with
four hours, proposes to do abwolutely what
| he considers to be right aa successor of
I’resicdent McKinley and to the honor and
glory of the Republican organization of
| the State of New York, which in Ciunes past
| has given him euch #igual recognition.

TENDER TRIS’ DISABLED.

Tewed by the Gusandetic Oul ef a Dan-
' serous Pesitien
Norroia, Va, Sept. 28 The Old Do- |

minion liner Giuvandotte, Capt. Miller com-
manding, due here at 11 o'clock this morn-
ing, came in here at $ o'clock this evening.
Capt. Hiller told what delaved him. He
said that abeut 630 o'clock this morning,
about four mules south of Winter Quarter
light, he sighted a black sulewheeler with
| her funnels well forward, foundering about
in the nastiest sort of a sea
parentiy helpless and he epoke her

She was the United States lighthouse
| tender Irie, which sailed from New York
yesterday ahead of the Guyandotte. Her
commander shouted that he was disabled,

had broken a crank pin, or something that |

sounded Ike that, and wanted a tow. A
hawser was gotten aboard the Guyandotte
and the Iris waa towed to five miles south
of Cape Charles light. Then the hawser
parted, Another was substituted and the
disabled tender was towed to a point not
far outside Cape Heary. Then this haw-
ser snap '

the cabiatull of passengers on the Guy-
andotte were impatient because of the
delay, but Capt. Hiller would not aban-
don the Iria he commander of the latter,
though, told the liner to proosed and to
send «a tug to him. He then hoisted a aall
and was, the »beerver at Cape Henry re-
ported afterward, holding i ees

The Guyandotte stopped at Old Point,
and the Sonam M. Cark tug Reliance,
which was there, went out to the Irie. The
tender i# expected to reach Norfolk in safety
| about midnight. She is in luck, for storm
signals are set to-night

SMALLPOX ON THE TRAIN.

Case Discovered by the Heaith Omcer
at Elmira.

ALmany, Sept 28- Dr H. D. Wey, the
health officer at Elmira, to-day wired State
Health Commissioner Daniel Lewis that
a case of smallpox waa discovered on Erie
Train 10 from Niagara Falls last night and
that the railroad authorities bad been

| notified The car is now in Jersey City
| Dr. Wey cannot estimate the number of
passengers ¥ ho were exposed

Train 10 arrived in Jerney City at 8
o'clock yesterday morning and three hours
later, according to the etation master who
was on duty at the depot at the time, a
telegram ase received from the health
officer at Elmira stating that a case of
emalipox had been discovered on the ex-

ress, Two veetihbule coaches which came
in from the Weet were fumigated and tem-
porarily laid uj;

The station master eaid he did not know
how Many parecngers were on the train
when the sick man was taken off nor at
What station he had been remowed Te
judged fron
train at Elnia

Rorron, Mare Sept 28 ~Announcement
was made to-cay that Radcliffe College
be to Come Inte a conditonal bequest under
the will of the late Susan Cabot Kichardaon
of Mitten tt wil) amount, al) tald. to
nearly (23.0 lLnder the terme of the

;

|

| Bequest te Radcliffe Cellege.
'

will, Mie Josephine M Hicks of Milter

and Mice Lowea Mek. Topliff are entuthe

to the entire income during ther twas, so |
long a® they remain unmarriact The re

mainder on the decease of marriage of

the survived, gore to Use oolloge

Te Weeki gee te Pier Been ©
Prem \ew York Repel Biee fee heuer erates tee re

tot of Liters Soret ii ae A “—?) Bone
the “Rare! Lomned one fee bee PF &
| the (eet eotke tratee ot # ae or aA Btw bem,

") MM ont 12) op = Leere Beate
fe ihe cert, Coneerie® Gales ene
| sth ee

=

Sun.

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aasociation

| PRESIDENT INVITES MR, PLATT

President Roosevelt, {t was made known |

hewkpapers cannot be |

She was ap- |

the telegram that be left the ,

 
 
 
 

American Squadron Gets «a Hearty Re
i ception at Genoa
Special (Cable Despatch te THE SUN

| Rome, Sept 28 The American squad-
| ron, consisting of the flagship @hicago and
; the cruisers Nashville and Albany, was
heartily received by the Italians in the
waters near Genoa in the early part of the
weok The Italiana showed the keenest
enthusiasm and the officers and men of
the American ships were overwhelmed
| with hospitality

All this was most pleasing in view of
the fact that six months ago the two
gveraments agreed that it would not be
advisable, in view of the excited state of
Public feeling, due to certain lynchings
in the United States, for American blue
jackels to go ashore at afy Italian port

| NO MOLINEUX DECISION YET.

Judge Warner Says Nobody Knews What
the Decision Wil He.

Rocnreten, Sept 28 —A ridiculous atory
in connection with the Molineur cases
appeared in some of the New York papers
to-day, purporting to give the decision
of the Court of Appeals granting a new
trial Judge William FE Werner, one of
the members of the court, was asked to
confirm or deny the story

“I decline to dignify the story with an
interview," said he “I will say, however,
that it is an unmitigated fake Nobody,
net even the Court as a Court, knowe what
the decision is to be *

| LIVELY AT WALDORF ENTRANCE.

4th Street Cars Playing Hob With Enter-
ing Carriages -Woman in One Smash.

The crosstown ¢are on Thirty-fourth
fireet made a lot of trouble yesterday
Following the oolliston of one of them

with « Broadway car late on Friday night,
several carriages were considerably banged
up

Mre M F. Leavitt, who lives at the Wal
dorf Astoria, was in the first ‘upset. She
was driving in the afternoon with a man
friend, in a closed carriage. and the driver's
way into the hotel drivewaywas blocked by
another carriage A westbound Thirty-
fourth street car ran full Ult into the rear
end of the carriage, smashing the rear
wheels and overturning it The two
horses became frightened and tried to
demolieh the front They were restrained
and Mre Leavitt and her companion
| were extricated, somewhat bruised he
motorman said he had been unable to
make the car brakes act

At 4 o clock @ Thirty-fourth street car
ran into «a cab at Fifth avenue and over-
turned it lwo hours later a hansom,
diiven by Johan C Kuapp of 510 West Forty-
second street. was run down and upeet
opposite the Waldor!

  

- -—

| PRIFST QUELLS A RIOT,

Warring Htallan Factions Quit Hostitities
at Mis Command

The Rev. Eugene J. Donnelly, rector
of the St. Michael's Roman Catholic Church
at Plushing, L. 1., quelled a riot yesterday
among Lialian leabarers employed on an
improvement there of the New York and
Gusene County Electric Railway. Before
the priest could he of any amistance one
of the men was «truck on the head and is
Iving io the bospitalat Flushing in @ criti-
eal condition
| Two factions, one hailing from Naples

| and the other from Salerno, have been
, arraved against each other since they have
been employed on the job One of the
Neapolitans, Sebasto Perno, struck one
of the men from Salerno, Calo Kooco, on
| the head with a crowbar. Father Don-
nelly saw the men fighting and, rushing

toward them, commanded them in Italian
to desist. The crowd dis poese inume-
, diately, Perno wae arresie

BLAKELY'S TRIALS BEGUN,

UnoMeially It le Sald That the Terpede
| Boat Made 24 1-2 Knots

Newport, R. 1, Sept 28 The offictal
speed trials of the torpeio boat Blakely
| were begun this afternoon and will continue
into the first of next week
Board, of which Capt. Train is President,
conducted the trial to-day which was held
under the most favorable conditions

The Blakely went out in the bay and was put
mile several tires for the
pps of standardizing her pre ler
© RK. Roelker, the senior engineer officer of
the board, said to-night that the board bad
not worked out to-day's run and could
not say if the boat reached her maximum,
twenty-seven knots
stated that she made twenty-four and one-
half knots

over the measured

WELCOMED BY THE ITALIANS.
A

|

|

The Naval |

Unoffoially, it ia |

The two hours’ continuous run would have |

been held this afternoon, but the bearings
of one of the blower engines showed signs of
heating and the run was postponed until
Monday noon

| BUREAU OF IDENTIFICATION.
Soon te Be Moved From Chicago to Wash-
| ingten.
| Cecago, Ill, Sept. 28-—In a short time
| the National Bureau of Identification will
; be moved from Chicago to Washington.
| According to Capt George Porteous, the
| Board of Governors of the bureau will
meet in Washington some time next month
and decide on the date of the removal
. change,” said Capt. Porteous, *haa
been contemplated for some time and is a
move toward the establishment of the
bureau as a part of the National Depart-
ment of Justice Congress, too, it ia said,
‘il appropriate a liberal sum for the im-
provement of the bureau *

Venerucia Denies War Rumors
| Elias Gonzalez Esteves, the Venezuelan
Consul in this city, received yesterday the
following cable despatoh from Dr J Torres
Cardenas, Seoretary to the President,
in answer to a mewsage asking if an article
published vesterday telling of the alleged
eeicure of musitions for war was correct
“Canacas, Sept. 28
“Publications made in to-day'’s Herald
regarding predatory proceedings employed
by Venesuelan Government lack all ve-
racity Peace and security reign every-
where in the republic
ree pects and guards all legitimate Luteresta °

Steambeats Having « Spell of Bad Lack.

Three of the Central Hudson Steam-
boat Company® beate have met with acel-
dente in the last week On Thareday
tmoraing the Mariborough broke her shaft
when a few miles shower Newburgh On
Friday the Newburgh broke one of her
-_ wheels opposite Stony Point and
vad to be towed to this city Vesterday
the Kamedell Lroke down just as she eas
#boul to start for the wackht reces

| Sohiey Witness: on the Way

Naw PRancteco «al heyt = OTe
Pacdttic mall “eam Peru err ved te-der
j from China and — Armong ber pms.
| eengere ie Liew! We Marte: now of Wal
tengien. formeriy of Breekion whe te « n
bie way te Washington to teetify in the
wtbey Came
Pee Awl wen mont Preemete ‘= tee Ne@ece
iver Tay Line ane oe) fe eet Geetete te

j"%% : how Vere ed alveay woenery.

 

Scypay, Serremeen 29, 1601.
Rain to-day; cooler and probably falr

to morrow,

 

——— Ss

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

COLUMBIA

She Wins by 1 Minute
20 Seconds.

_—_—---———

Glorious Contest From th
Suan

EXCITING FINISH.

—_———- —

America Boat Gains the Lead on
Homeward Row

 

SHAMROCK FIRST AT TURN,

 

Sir Thomas Lipton Admits a Fair and
Square Beating,

 

Columbia Beate Shamrock 87 Seconds,
Actual Time—After Pretty Maneo-
vring, the Challenger Gains the Ceveted
Weather Position at the Start ~Tuaree
Times on the Windward Leg Columbia
Tries te Cress the Ghamrock's Bow,
but Falls Keach Time-—Kach Yacht
Pertectiy Handied, and Capt. Syca-
mere Keeps the Brenze Beat in Front
All the Way te the @uter Mark —Aa
Loaing Match Before Gpinnakers Are
Breken Out—Columbia Dees Better
Werk Under Light Gaile and Beate
@hamrock 3 Minute 16 Seconds on
the Run Heme—Excursion Steamers
Were Crewded With Passengers.

After the most marvellous exhibition of
light-weather sailing on record, the Yankee
single-stioker Columbia defeated yesterday
by the small margin of 87 seconds actual
time, and by 1 minute and 20 seconde cor-
rected time, the gallant challenger, Sham-
rock IL, which her valiant Lrish owner,
Sir Thomas Lipton, had confidently hoped
would ‘lift the Cup." Both rachte were
tmndied with consummate ekill by their
clever and daring skippers. Never in the
history of Oup races have the contending
yachts been eo “close aboard” each other
during their duela. There was never a
time while the Irish yacht and the Yankee
were on the same tack and while they were
slipping down the wind that their skippers
could not hall each other, or, perhaps, toss
a biscuit from deck to deck

Through the long, gentle, crestless ewelle
on the fifteen-mile stretch to windward
the Sharuroek proved conclusively that she
wae a trifle the better ship Her advo-
cates have declared from the start thae
in smooth water and with a breege at eight
knots or more, she would surprise the

| Yankee talent, and she did Ont he weather

work she vanquished the Columbia by
89 seconds, which is only four seconds
less than the time she allowed to the white
sloop In running, notwithstanding an
advantage of about 800 feet of sail, Sharn-
rock II sent a dumb chill through her
admirers and warmed the circulation of the
stupefied patriota by dropping astern of
the Yankee vacht

It was apparent that the umapproach-
able Herreshof model, with less driving
power, was doing the work her designer
expected of her Sleek and knife-like
she carved the long rolls, incidentally
cutting her way to the port of the chal-
lenger Within four miles from the outer
mark, on the run in, the Columbia had
overcome all the gain of Shamrock II. on
her splendid struggle to windward. Then
the pent-up feelings of the nmaultitudinous
patriots, whome hearts were in their throeta,
began to find vent in yelle and cheers,
and the bands began to play ‘Columbia's

| the Gem of the Ocean”—a sentiment which

‘The Government |

meomed to be, at that time, still somewhat
debatable Down the wind the Columbia
gnined not only the time ehe had lost in
the windward work, but added thirty-
eeven seconds t it, beating her rival in
the running by

She eromeed the ne Sages i

onds abead of Shamrock UJ
There was no lessening ef popular in-
terest in the battle, as was illustrated by
the outrushing thoummnds, in all manner
of seaworthy and other creft, through the
Narrows The big excursion boats were
as crowded as beehives, Everyhedy who
had @ spare @olar or more and a holi-
day seeraed to have invemed in the privi-
eee of Wiloessing the slouggle of the ewift.
ort and most colossal single suckers thet
ever carried prramide of *tmusiin *
The yachts were towed from their an
a@re ineide the Hook even before the

Regatta Committees tug. the double
funneled Navigator, howe in eight of the
eaering low After costing of he weer
the giants, under mews eo
forematie, ib and eon pelle, ealied
mreated ered ber vlee! beets nme fier thee Beene
* of the eqeectatere + he Romp ichagine
{ emer end emiling ferme omer le bees

 

RE te.

/

\