reeer
FETS

and
than
t Sta-

    
    
  
   
   
    
    
 
  

Buttes
ing Car,
shure
eveland.
D.—-Puil-
ing and
Toledo,
Lou
PRESS,
» Indisa-

Pittsburg,
ing Car.
Chicaga
‘ar

Pittsburg
Shenan-
and, ex:

ATI EX.
neinnatl

tlandt
me car
sbrosses
iessional
25 (Din-
» s2:10
Ing Car
Congres

 
   
  
    
  
   
   
 

8.20, 42>
M,, 12:1)
ad," 12:40

1240

Drida and
lily. Ea:

AY —For
ally
AY.—8:55

FOLK.—

Rallroad
ASSAM,
hod A. M.,
t Streets),
Sundays,

 

ning Cas,

1 and 24!
enty third
osses and
ton Street,
x Station,
ew York

bargcage
stineation
nsylvanws

oop,
r Agent

,
di Station,

fa 5S mn
leaves ab

FLORIDA
Drawing
Sleepin
tien an
Pullman
to Alken

BSS — Pull
ing Cars.
nvaNnnali,
ining Car
Weat and
h Atlanta
een Char
's Wash
sdays and

CHATTA
LYNCH
Pullman
» Roanoke,
Mempuis

sov'rnt

Pullman
Cars, New
rmingh
Oot” and
ys, Thurs
evlor

an Duffet
rk to At
Savanna’.
Dr NASSAU

 

 

OADWAY
Mees

oad.

and Chie
Artive

soo pom

"sip n

 

"10404.

v, 113 and
ii at, and

and check
yo fly

PE?

reqmardios
aeasonr ev
up, Abo
kots every

York.

of houses
» telepuowe

 

M

 

 

a aS ea Sao

"VOL. LXVIIL—NO. 209,

—————

\QEIMALDO CAPTURED

ev. Funston Brings In the
Filipino Rebel Leader.

 

BOLD PLAN IS SUCCESSFUL.

 

Wit) @ Small Party Fonston Plays
Prisoner and Gets to Hiding Place,

 

Aguinaldo and His Whole Staff Now in
Manila~He Has Been Leading the Insur-
rection Since Feb, 4, 1899, When the
Virst Shots Were Fired at the Amert-

His D rection -- Twice

(ffered to Make Terms but the Negotia-

Fatled — Mts With the

Brave Exploit of Gen, Funston

can Troops by

tions Dealings
Spariards

During the Campaign Against the HRebels.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
From THR SUN Correspondent at Manila.
Manita, Thursday, March 28, 10:30 A. M.
en
pumber of Maecabebe scouts, has captured
Aguivaldo inthe country near Casiguran,
the northeast
of the Island of Luzon,

leader and his

nine miles from Baler, on
The rebel
entire staff are now in

COAS |

Manila.

Gen, Funston employed a very clever
ruseto reach Aguinaldo. His plan worked
successfully, with the result that the head
an! front of the insurrection is now where
he will do no more harm to American

nteresta

 

Recent despatches from Manila told of the
ceparture of Gen. Funston on what many be-
Jeved Was an almost hopeless errand, the
capture of Aguinaldo,
Gen. Funston well,

Those who knew
however, and knew of
his exploits in the Philippines, had faith that
he would accomplish his object
Some months ago letters were captured
y American troops showing beyond peracd-
‘enture that the rebel leader was hiding in
« northeastern part of the island. Gen
immediately conceived hia bold
n to capture him, and this received Gen
cArthur’s approval.
“lwo weeks ago he started from Manila
with Surgeon-Major Farris, Capt, Newton,
ef the Thirty-fourth Infantry, Lieut, Ad-
wire of the Twenty-second Infantry, Lieut.
Mitchell of the Fortieth Infantry, six veteran
Amerieam goldiers and a number of native
scouta, all of whom were selected for their
bravery and extensive knowledge of the
country.
FUNSTON’S DARING PLAN

neton

en. Funston’s plan was that after he
rd his party had landed as near as possible
» the place where Aguinaldo was thought
© be in hiding the native scouts were to
sa themselves off as insurgents who, hay-
ne captured Gen. Funston and the other
\mericans, were conveying them to Agul-
n the supposed prisoners were brought
r alleged captors before Aguinaldo
were suddenly to appear in their true
cter, seize the wily Filipino and make
say back to the coast, where the gun-
at \icksburg, which had conveyed the
was to await their return
e adventure was a desperate one, as
‘ry was always possible, and Gen

ton had no absolute means of knowing

ow many men Aguinaldo had with him
t was possible that he would have enough
t overwhelm the Americans and their na-

. es, but this did not deter the Ameri-

hey accepted the risk, with the re
that Aguinaldo is now safe in the hands

* American military authorities,
PAK OF THE REVOLT UNDER AOUIDALDO

fighting against the United States
ps in the Philippines, for which Agul-
was responsible and which he secretly
aired while posing as a friend of this coun-
r egan on the night of Feb. 4, 1890, two

avs before the United States Senate approved

e treaty of peace with Spain

4 group of armed Tagalos approached
itpost at Manila blockhouse No. 7,
i to halt when challenged and the

ty were fired In half an bour the

on from the rebel lines on three

esol ‘city, and the rebels were getting
el ' taste of American fighting. That
f snoe on the Nebraska outpost was
eocerate plan to open hostilities and

nivthorized by the rebel leadera was
we pion bv an attempted uprising within
whieh was checked by the

the soldiers on police duty
- and insults of the Filipinos while
were under strict orders not to fire
ide the change to active service
one to Regulars and Volunteers alike
'

swerekilledinthe fighting that

‘ n the early morning when Dewey

sucht vessels closein to shore

e enemy's position with the ma-

" Our losses were about twenty

 

1200 wounded, It was estimated
| pinos were engaged ugainst

irmy fell back north and south,
rreetion wae onin earnest
ALTEMPT TO RLUN MANILA

t of Feb. 22, 1809, Manila was
Avuinaido'’s spies tn the city

» Dae Train to Californata
the Overland Lo mited icaves
¢ Shortest route, Chicago
wester nion and Southern Paeife rail
ves San Frauctseo 6.45 P.M. third day
sje drawing room sleeping cars, bullet
with barber) and dining cars, informa-
eotern Line OMe At Thi'was Adr

 

 

ar ‘Ar

 

 

Funston, with the assistance of a |

women. His

One son died during the flight of the family

before the American troops. The women of

the family suffered much during this flight,
|

NEW

| The districts of Santa Cruz, San Nicholas
; and Tonda were fired simultaneously and
| rebels concealed in the brush shot at the

soldiers sent to fight the flames. The vigi-

lance of the soldiers on police duty again

prevented an uprising in the city and the
| fire was checked before it reached the busi-
ness centre, Next day 500 suspects were ar-
rested in Manila and this effectually shut off
any further attempts at the destruction of
he city by flre.

AGUINALDO SOUGHT TERMS IN 1800

On April 2% 1890, Gen. Luna, acting for
Aguinaldo, sent two envoys, Col. Manuel
Arguelles and Lieut. José Bergal, to ask Gen.
Otis's terms and was told that nothing but
unconditional surrender would be considered,
A truce was refused.

Later in the same month Aguinaldo sent
a commission of seven to Manila to discuss
with Gen. Otis his terms for surrender. The
plan of government which President McKin-
ley was willing to grant him was out-
lined to these envoys and on May 25 they ra-
turned to report to Aguinaldo The nego-
tiations were without result

CAPTURE OF AGUINALDO'S PAMILY.

During the last year Aguinaldo'’s where-
abouts have been a matter of much conjecture,
‘There have been any number of rumors,
among them one that he had been in Manila
a number of times disguised in woman's
Baler, near which place he was finally
caught, was where Lieut. J. C. Gillmore and
fourteen men of the gunboat Yorktown were

captured by the Filipinos and held for a long

dress

EE

of Col
year at Province of Bontoo, by
Major March of the Twenty-third Volunter*s.
men

Leyba were captured on Jan, 1 of last

;

time

‘guinaldo's wife and sister and the sisters
Talabin

|

Four rebel officers, eighteen of their
and one American surrendered with the

mother was also captured,

and were reallyfortunate in falling into Ameri-

can handa They have been well treated

in Manila.
AGUINALDO'S LIPE

Aguinaldo ts only 29 years old, but Amert-
cana who came in contact with him said that
he appeared fully ten years older, He was
a native of the island, with Chinese blood
in him. He was born in the village of Imus
in the Province of Cavité and lived there until
His family owned rice and
sugar fields, the possession of which the
order of the “Recollects,” the largest pro-
prietors of the province. contested by inces
sant lawsuits. The father of Aguinaldo in
consequence was kept poor and endured
privations In order to enter his son in the
college of St. Jean Lateran, and afterward
to send him to the University of 8t. Tomas
at Manila. -

The cost of pursulng a course of study at
these institutions was not leas than 1,200
france a year and the elder Aguinaldo had
great difficulty to make both ends meet. Ag-
uinaldo passed eastly from the college to the
university but at the latter place he was con-
sidered by the professors to have the most
obtuse mind of all the students. For three
years he wore the costume of the university
and observed Its severe discipline, its frugal
régime but without obtalning the least intel-
lectual benefit

In fact the Dominicans finally sent him
home In sheer despair. He then entered
the Normal School of the Jesuita. Here
he made some progress, but at this time hia
father died and he was forced to return home
to take care of his patrimony, which con-
tinned to be threntened by the law sults in-
stituted by the Order of the Recollectos
Until 1899 he devoted himself to the tilling
of his lands

In that year the Philippine League was
started by Dr Rizal. Agulnaldo became
one of ita adherents. Rizal was soon after-
ward deported

In 1896 Aguinaldo became Mayor of Cavité
He firat became prominent in the rebellion
which broke out In that year, the result of a
conspiracy which had been in preparation
for seven years in the Catipunan, the newer
circle created for political purposes by the
the Masonic lodges Into which
The out-

the rebellion

natives in
the Spaniards had initiated them
break came in August, 1996
After fierce fighting in the later months
of the vear Aguinaldo,!n January, 1897, ad-
vanced from Cavité into the Province of
Manila with about 8,000 troops intending to
carry the rebellion into sections that had not
vet risen and also to join forces with the in-
eurgent General Dimaluga. He was unsuc-
cessful however, the Spaniards cleared the
province by the middle of January and forced
Aguinaldo back into Cavité again. The
Spaniards on their part were not able to
carry the campaign successfully into the
rebel strongholds and the rebellion daily
assumed more formidable proportions
The campaign was carried on with varying
fortunes until the following August, when a
more energetic policy was instituted by the
Rpaniards
Some months later Aguinaldo entered
into negotiations for surrender. On Deo
of, 1607, he ordered hia people to lay down
their arms He and his assoclates had been
bought off for $400,000 and a promise of $400, -
w0O nore = He himself went to Hong Khong
When war between the United States and
Spain became imminentin the spring of 1895 he
returned to the islands and headed another
insurrection. After the defeat of the Spanish
fleet by Admiral Dewey on May 1, 1898, the
inaurgents became more active, and after
surrounding Manila Agninaldo proclaimed
the independence of the Philippines on June
12, 1808, and signed it “Emilio Aguinaldo,
Dictator of the Philippines ”

He had previously issied a proclamation
investing himself as President of the Minise
try with a gold collar, with a gold triangular
pendant engraved with the sun and three

tars, a gold whistle to carry and @ stick
with a gold handle and a tassel of gold

He asked the powers to recognize the reapub-

he and on sept. 80 he called an assembly of
the Filipinos at Malolos to ratify his procs
lar en This was done, but not without
{ much opposition
| Ns my) obetween the American forces
\ ind the Filipinos grew more stt ained as the
ear advanced and in December Gen Ous
| was ordered by the Washington autBoritles
tata Iloilo
| Lh ent Gen. ¢
|

but before the

rpenter noon the errand

American General arrived

the Filipinos had driven o it the Sp alesh ca
eon and were in occupat ot Crete «ar pen-
ter however took posession wherenpon

anation pro
nipation and

put forth a jo
te ne awainst the Au ano
\merican pretentions sovereignty, de.

Acuinaldo

John P. O'Donnell Says:
of the raiiroads in all parts of the world
ee eae the New York Central

Cyeat Britain not excepted
ypsequesitly the pest pr

ts the best signalled, apd
tevted tue In the world,’ --Bmtract irom An address
celweread by Mr, Joka P. O'Donnell, member of the
Snerean Soctety of Civil Engineers. —~Ade

  

 

YORK, THURSDAY,

2 eee"

 

nouncing the course of President MoKinley |
and calling upon the Filipinos to continue |
their struggle for independence

On the night of Feb, 4, 1899, the lon@ ex-
pected conflict began Aguinaldo has led |
some of the fights in person, One of the |
blots in his career was the assassination of
Tuna, a rival chief, who was stabbed to death
op Agulnaldo's threshold.

GEN. FUNSTON'S EXPLOITS

Gen. Funston, then Colonel of the Kansas
Volunteer Regiment, first attracted atten-
tion as one of the heroes of the war in the
Philippines in April, 1899, in North Luzon,
where the rebels were strongly entrenched
at Columpit, on the north bank of the Rio
Grande, and seemed determined to make
a desperate fight

Gen. Funston and his Kansas men «wam the
river in face of a hot fire, dragging with them
@ heavy rope. They landed safely in front
of the rebel trenches and tied the end of their
rope toatree. The rope was used as a ferry
rope to pull across several boatloads of men
Then, with his reénforcements, Col. Funston
charged the rebels and drove them in disorder
from the intrenchments

The rebels were reformel farther back
from the river and marohed forward to meet |
the main force of the Americans which by |
that time had got across the river on Col
Funston's ferry. The rebels were again
beaten and their double defeat was a severe
blow to the hopes of Aguinaldo

it was Gen, Funston who early [n 1900 cap.
tured the maas of letters and private papers
belonging to Aguinaldo, which not only ex-
posed all thé details of his treachery, but
furnished conclusive proof that he had been
aided materially by the enemies of President
McKinley's Administration in this country
One of these letters was directed to Aguin-
aldo personally and written by A. Mabini,
President of the Council. It outlined the
detaila of the conspiracy to attack Manila
Another letter was froin Montague R
Leverson of New York, a member of the
Anti-Imperialistic League Leverson sue-
gested to Aguinaldo that he capture United |
Btates olficers and treat them as pirates
At one time on this first expedition Funston
was within a few hours of Aguinalio, but
the Filipino managed to escape through
his superior knowledwe of the mountainous
country in which the forces were.

The membera of the Macabebe tribe have
aided the Americans greatly in scouting dur-
ing the last two yeara

Gen. Funston has had an exciting career.
His father was a soldier, and he always in-
tended to be one, but was disappointed about
wetting a Kansas appointment to West Point
He was educated at Kansas State University.
He had served on dificult Government ex-
peditions in the West and during the Cuban
insurrection served with the natives

TEN CATHOLIC CHURCHES ROBBED.

New Orleans Priest Intimates That the Police
Are in Collusion With the Thieves.

|

New ORvEANS, Mareh 27 — The eystemati«
robbery of the Catbollo chyrches of this
city In the last few days has exolted the
Catholio population and their Indignation
found utterance to-day In the etrong de-
nuncieation of the police department by the
Rev. John Brislan, pastor of the Jesuit Church
of the Immaculate Conception.
“It is an outrage upon soclety.” he raid,
that these robberies can take place in this
city of ours. I do not believe they would
be tolerated for an instant In any other come
munity In America That such crimes are
repeated with absolute impunity right here
in the heart of New Orleans is enough to alarm
every thinking person. This robbery of
our churches !# conclusive proof that the
management of the police force of this city
fa either criminally incompetent or is in
league with the lawbreakers.”

There have been robbed during the month
ten churches in the central district of the
city. Their missionary and contribution
boxes have been broken open and In several
cases the Host has been stolen Among the
robbed churches are the Cathdedral, St. Mary's
Chureh, attached to the Archbishop's palace
ohuroh, St. Anthony's, St. Al-
Vinoant da Paul's, Rt Maur-
{fee's and the Holy Trinity. In nearly all
cases, the churches were broken Into atnight
and ransacked, and that, too, in
the fact that several of them are in the densaly
populated and best guarded part of the «ty
The fact that the robberies have
committed in the Catholle churches alone
and that the robbers bave carried of cruci-

|
|

the Jesuit
phonsue'4, St

spite of

Leen

fixes and other #acred objects has given
rise to the suspicion that the element of re
ligion and sacrilege entered into the depre
dations, expecially as in a Dumber of cases
little if any money was obtained and ony
sacred property. All the robberies were re-
ported to the police, but the detectives have
been unable to find any olue to the gang
The tndications are that the same gang robbed
all the churches

 

CHAPERONLS FOR CHORUS GIRIS

And Equally Feminine —And a Grenadier for
Travelling Duenna,

George W Lederer announces that all
his chorus girls in “The Casino Girl” com-
pany must lave chaperones “equally femt-
pine” or be fired from the show A notice
to that effect has already been posted

it ke

Here

NOTTICR

Members of the ladies of “The Casino Girl"
company commencing «with the engagenent
at the Knickerbocker Theatre, Monday, April
15, must be chaperoned to and from the theatre
by some adult female relative or other eq ally
feminine proper companion Neglect of this
order shal) be attended by Instant dismissal

While the company is on the road all ladies
of the chorus shall report before and after per
formances jo @ Women who will be appointed

for that purpose

All college publications please copy
It is not understood ae rule applies
to leading ladies, ther unter

their

studies or the
princivais ot eipport The whole
matter may be referred to @ grievance com
mittee of the White Mice It was said Vester

day, for instance, that il there are sixteen

chorus girls who wear bli
do nothing but stan na ror

aeVenteenth girl

stockings and
and kick apd
he Whi the Wears green
stands ont im front and has a

stockings,
the seventeenth @iri need

speaking part too,
not necessarily be a ch
ave tohayve a chaper ‘

The notice is oblected to by some of the
biwuous The large grovuy
nging in the chorus becwuse

rus girl and may not |

cirla as 4
sre onl)
love the ¥tage and dont care for the
call attention to the tact that their pet d
or some of them, are just as feminine aa
anybody, and would therefore meet the
requir ments of the notice as chaperones |

lhe woman to whom the giris wii report
before and uller each performance
the company ! n the road is to be ca eu |
the grenadier

At the rooina of the Little Weasels, the new |
social and protective organization ob the |
Johnnies, it Was saidlast night that Lederar’s
new rule would not amount to anything

‘Any one would think those girls \ ere not

   

of age,” said the chairman of the Wessels |
"They are, though Ut the Little Wea
want to speak to the Mice IT guess no le
‘hike that's going to stop ‘am Lhere, now
That'a Just what we've organized fo: |
Wiehl A Widmann's

Restaurant, 101 Champers st, corner ChuQ.? re |
wane damaged by fre, reopens for business 1) 1, |

~Ado

} order to

} pro

while | x¢

 

DENMARK'S OFFER TO US, |

 

CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH SHE WILL
SELL WEST INDIA ISLANDS.

 

84,000,000 Must Bo Paid for Them, and if
the Inhabitants Shall Vote to Be Trans-
ferred to the United States They Shall
Immediately Become American Citizens.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
TAxpon, March 28. —The Copenhagen cor-

respondent of the Daily News says he has the
best authority for the statement that the
Government has communicated to the United
States the following conditions under which
it will sell the Danish West Indies:
* First, the sum of $4,000,000 shall be paid
to Denmark; second, the population shall
decide whether they will remain Danish or
be transferred to the United States; third,
if the inhabitants vote to be transferred they
shall immediately become not only American
subjecta, but citizens, and fourth, that the
producta of the islands shall be admitted into
the United States free of duty.

CHINA HOPES TO ESCAPE.

 

 

Considering Results of Refusal to Sign the
Manchurian Treaty.
Special Cabla Despetch to THR SUN
From Tur SUN Correspondent at Pekin.

PeRin, March 27- The Chinese officials
are considering the complications that may
arise from China's refusal to sign the Man-
churian treaty. They fear Russian resent
ment, but trust that the serious social trow
bles at St. Petersburg will distract Russian

attention from the Chinese question
Stringent rules have been issued regulat-
the Summer Palace in
further destruction and

ing the control of
prevent
looting there

News is again received of the threatening
attitude of the Chinese troops on the Honaa
border, southwest of Pao-ting-fu. There is
danger of a collision with the French, whioh
it is believed would cause an advance of
foreign troops against the Imperial forces

Because of the popularity of the American

dministration in the Chinese city a large
delegation of officiale and merchants met
Capt, Tillson to-day and requested his good
oMces in securing an alteration of the orders
from Washington for the removal of the
troops. The Chinese fear that this section
will be transferred to the German, whose
methods are diametrically opposite to thore
of the Americans It is believed, however,
that it will be impossible to effect a change in
the orders

Misstonary Stonehouse, who was murdered
a few days ago in the Tungan district, sixty
miles south of Pekin, was buried to-day.
There was a large representation of foreign
aud Chinese mourners, including Bir Ernest
bButow, the Britieh Minister.

The bodies of seven American marines
who were killed during the siege and buried
in the compound of the Kuselan legation by
the side of Russians who were also killed in
the defence were removed to-day. They
will be shipped to San Franciseo on a trans-
port eviling in April.

It has been learned that there is a slight
division of opinion among the Powera as
to the method that China should adopt for
paying the indemnities to be demanded by the
various Governments,

The American Government proposes that
the paymentashall be @r:dual, extending over
a period of not more than {ifty years, (er.
many insista, however, that the money shall
be paid at onoe through the medium of a
foreign loan, as the Chinese themselves at
the present time are only able to meet the
interest and a small part of the prinelpal
of their outstanding obligations,

The Chinese favor the American view
Somepeople think it is doubtful if the total
amountof the iidemnities to be demanded will
ever be paid.

Although the question of the puntshment
of provincial officers implloated In the Boxer
uprising has not been discussed at recent
meetings of the foreign Ministera, it is under-
stood that all the Powers are of opinion
that thease officers should be punished, not-
withstanding Russia's protest France is
naturally strenuous on this point as ehe is
the protectorof the Catholic missionaries

Japan and the United States appear to be
agreed that a4 a matter of principle these
oflcers should be punished and that the pro-
test of any one Power should not be allowed
to frustrate the will of the majority

The majority of foreigners here regard
{t as an important potnt that these Chinese
nelal of_cera’ should be puntshed In
proportion to their cmmes. They believe
that these punishments should be meted out
to all criminals, whether they are mandarins,
nobles or ordinary citizens, It is probable
that ten of the Powers will act together on
this point and allow Russia to protest if she

 

  

desires,

Prominent Chinese would really be aur-
prised if punishment of these officers were
not demanded and inflected They look
upon the matter with calmness, believing
that the officers referred to are dangerous per-
sons so far as concerns reform, orto Chinese
who are desirous of bringing about reforms

 

OUR RULE PorvraR IN CHINA,

Many Thousand Chinese Petition for the Reten-
tion of Our Troops.

Special Cable Despaich (o THE Sun
Lonnon, March 2&--A_ despatch to the
Morning Poat from Pekin etates that the Chi-

nese who are petitioning for the retention of
the American troops number many thousands,
It adds that although the transports for the
Conveyance of the troops to Manila are ordered
for April it is unlikely that the Americans
will withdraw their forces while the present
eonditior prevail

The United legation expresses
contidence that it will be possible tu hand
over the municipal government to the Chinese

States

 

in April, but aa the French and Germans are
selecting @ut r eantonments tn the hille
near Paoting-fu this confidence seenis to be

uowurranted

The Frencl railway
to Koglan as the tiret step of a tranamongo ia |
line o Lake Baikal |

infend to construct a

 

RUSSIA'S PURPOSE IN) MANCHURIG.

The Assurances Given to the United states,
Although Verbal, Have Been Accepted,

“ ninaTon, March 27 If verbal assur

yes which Russia has wiven to the United
States in regard to the Manchuranconvention
eal t they apnear to be Russia's pur
rene gotinting the agreement was un-
ifish and almost phflantiney rhe Caar's
) nhient en the American ithorth
ive been informed, | no desire to use its
control over Moanchorta for ane other pur
pose than to f tat ‘ nation of that |
portion of Ch t Russian t t ! |
juld have the United es to believe that |
isa mere measire ul ety fo ber interest
) Siberia she Gewure © restore law and order |
in Manehuria, and when thet has bee 1. |

ivers & Pond Pianos
approach perfection h easy payment plan and for |
rent, At Joteelyn's, 10 Fast ifth st, New York
cy. Adv

rT

complished to withdraw her forces and leave
the Chinese to run the country in accordance
with the advanced ideas of administration
which will be instilled in them by Russian
officiala and more than a hundred thousand
soldiers

But these professions of considerate in-
tention have not been put down in black
and white by those who have made them to
Amerioan officials. They have all been ver-
bal, and between Individuals would be binding
in honor, but between nations they have not
that force which a written communication
contains, Nevertheless, the assurances have
heen accepted by the United States and are
regarded as sufficient to justify this Govern-
ment in calling Russia to account if the Man-
churia compact becomes a fact

There has been a pretty general under-
standing here, based on remarks of officials
familiar with the ins and outs of the Chinese
negotiations, that R ussiasubscribed in writing
to the principle put forth by the United States
that there should be no arrangement made
between China and any of the Powers in re-
gard to territorial and other concession
without the concurrence of all the old Powers.
It was learned definitely to-day, however,
that Russia did not make any direct response
to the invitation of the United States to ex-
press herself on this subject, but through
one of her representatives merely renewed
verbally her assurances that she was in thor-
ough accord with all the views of the Amer-
ycan Government concerning the treatment
of China.

This communication was not made through
Mr. Tower, the United States Ambassador
at St. Petersburg, to whom any remarks in
response to the Amertoan invitation should
properly haye been delivered. It was he
who. tranginitted to the Forelgn Office at
At. Petersburg the memorandum expreseing
the desire of the United States that there
should be 4 concessionary arrangement
between China and any nation ee t wi
the concurrence of the Powers, but beyonce
acknowledging its receipt the Russian Gov-
ernment has said nothing about the memo-
randum to Mr. Tower {s therefore prob-
able that the renewed indorsement of the
American policy, which was taken by this
Government as an intention to preserve the
principle mentioned, was made to the State
Department by Count Cassini, the Czars
Au bassador in Washington Epe principle
of unanimous nasent to individual conces-
sionary arrangements was set forth in the
memorandum made public yesterday, which
was telegraphed to the American diplomatio
representatives in the capitals of the Powers
on Mareh 1, with this direction: “The follow-
ing memorandum, Which was handed to the
Chinese Minister on Feb, 19, ls transmitted
to you for your information and communica-
tion to the Government to which you are
accredited ”

The decision of the American Government
not to engage in a controversy with Russia
over Manchuria, whioh might lead to fric-
tion and perbaps something more serious,
was probabl y dua to some extent to the as-
surance of Russia that her only purpose in
securing control of that portion of China
was to facilitate its evacuation by Russian
troops For this Government, in the face
of that assurance, to question the good faith
of Ruasia tnight be construed as an insult,
and the United States are not imolined to @o
that far. But It ts not denied that Russia's
assurances have placed the United States in
position to question the intentions of that
Government if the occupation of Manchuria
is projonged beyond the Ke fod neoessary
toestablish law andorder, What will bedon
if that condition appears will be determine
when the time comes

Nothing came to the State Department to-
day about the Manchurian convention That
{1 waa not signed yesterday, the last day
given by Russia to China to assent to its pro-
visions, excited some surprise, but the of-
cials here are all at sea as to the meaning
of the delay A telegram oame to the De-
partment this morning from Special ©
missioner Rockhill at Pekin, but it con!
nothing about the report that the Chinese
Government had directed {ts representa-
tives not to sign the conventions. rt is said
at the Departinent that Mr. Rookhill has not
mentioned the Manchurian agreement in any
of his despatches

CHINA'S ATTITUDE IN DOUBT.

London Uncertain as to Whether or Not She
Has Rejected the Manchurian Treaty.
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN

Lonpon, March 28.-The reports from
various sources eoncerning China's atti-
tude on the Manchurian treaty are so con-
flicting that it ts Impossible to determine
here whether or not she has definitely re
jected the convention. The Times says
that the reports of a definite rejection are
acquiring great conalstency, The extreme
reticence maintained at Li Hung Chang's
yamen nolr te in the eame diraction

The movement against compliance with
the tsolated mandates of Russia and in favor
of an appenl therefrom to the concert of the
Powers is gaining such strength and breadth
that the Court may conalder the eatranging
of Russia a less evil than feopardiging the
authority of the throne and, perhaps, even
the existence of the dynasty The Yangtse
Valley ia again, as Inst summer, proving
the centre of China's stability. The action of
the vieeroys of Wuchang and Nanking ts
carrying the whole of the central and south-
erm provinces with them

MARTINFIII A CARDINAL,

 

Pope Appoints Count Colacicchi.to Come Here
and Announce the Flevation
Speclal Caodle Lespatch to TH SUN

Rome, March 27—The Pope haa commia-
sioned Count Colaciceht of the Noble Guard,
to convey to Mer. Martinelli, Papal Delegate
tu the United States, Lia nomination aa a
member of the Sacred College of Cardinals

It has been announced that Mgr. Martinelli,
deapite his elevation to the College of Car-
dinals, will remain in this country as Papal
Delegate until 1902

FATHER AND DAUGHTER KILIFD.

Barglars Commit a Donble Murder ta New
Orleans ond Escape.

New Onvwans, La, March 27.--A burglary
and double murder was reported this morn-
ing from Perdido and Roman streets At
that corner John Favalera kept a grocery
li was not opened at the ueual hour this
morning and when a neighbor climbed over
the fence to arouse Favalera he found that
the honse had been broken in by burglars
Lying in the bedroom back of the grocery
was the body of Favalera in night clothes
with a bullet hole directly over the heart
A ehort distance awuy lay the body of his
nineteen-Year-old danehter Annie, alao shot
directiv through the heart Ihe body was
almost nude and the polce thought that

criminal assault) had preceeded murder, a
theory upset by the Coroner's examina-
tion

The burean had been broken and the con-
fusion of the room showed that the burglars
had searched everywhere for money The
house bad been entered by breaking through
The noise apparently

the heavy rear doors
aroused FPavalera and it is believed that he
wotnded one of the burglars asa pool of blood
was found near the door The girl had
strugwled for her life for her hands
blood the wife of the murdered man
and mother of the girlis at the Charity Hos-
pital te n operation and will not

live through the night from the shook of the

were

inaerso

operation and the nes

Favalera was an Italion who had been in
this countr twenty Vears He had an ev-
cellent reputation and was reputed to. be

t} : nto: mones

Nermaithiy na are

ed it house lhe pohee tound ne

nooney there orin the shop
(on the Side.
Ss loon-ide door. were open thls morning
alter Lo cioek
Steamboat service Letween New York an eat

Glen Cote and Glenwood resumed
ivO! (week days only), Monteuk
(LAd.). Addr

Neck, Sea vit
Monday, Apr |
Seam boat Vo

 

MARCH 28, 1901,—COPYRIGHT. 1901, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

Fair to-day and probably to-morrow,

*

 

LAWYER KILIS TWO MEN.

They Were Abusing His Son and He Made It a
Shooting Match.

GALVESTON, Tex., March 27

 

A despatch

|
|

| PROBABLE

from Liberty, county seat of Liberty county, |

says @ fatal shooting affray occurred there
to-day between Wharton Branch, W. B
Duncan and W. K. Wall, in which Duncan
and Wall were killed) The trouble arose in
the saloon of J. Reviere, where Duncan be-
gan abusing Tom Branch, the county at-
torney and son of Wharton Branch. The
elder Branch arose from his chair and said

“Duncan, 1 don't like you to abuse Tom.”

Wall stepped up and said

“This is a three-handed game, now let us
make it a four-handed one,” whereupon
Branch drew his revolver, killing Wall and
Duncan inatantly. Branch is a well-known
lawyer, having practised his profession at
Galveston aud Dallas, but has been residing
at Liberty for several years. Dincan had
been for a number of years constable and
deputy sheriff at this place He was about
84 years old and leaves a widow and several

children. Wall was the father-in-law of
Duncan, He was 50 years old and leaves a
widow. Acharge of murder was filed against

Branch and he was taken to Houston this
afternoon and placed in jall

 

 

HOOTED AT FOR TELLING THE TRUTH.

 

Man Who Testified Against His Brother-in-Law
in a Marder Case Ostracized.

Tiynn, Mask, March 27—The belief of
William H. Stiles, expressed on the witness

stand in the Best murder case, that he would |

be ostracized and condemned if he told the
truth, Is evidently coming true, for the life
of himself and family has been anything but
pleasant since last Friday when he gave
testimony which may eend John C. Best, his
brother-in-law, to the electric chair. Even
the school children have nade life almost
unbearable for Stiles's young son. “Traitor,”
“Judas,” and other names have been called
as the father walked the streets near his
home and he has been pointed out as the man
who “gave away his brother-in-law ”

All this Mr. Stiles has borne with but little
complaint but the attention of the authorities
has been called to the case and they are pre
paring to bring into court, on the charge of
disturbing the peace all persons who are call-
ing names at members of the family, Since
last Saturday, Stiles has received nearly 100
letters from persona all over the State com-
plimenting him on the stand he took in re-
gard to an oath and the telling of the truth,
concealing nothing, when he was sworn to
tell the facts

ASTOR BUYS PROPERTY.

Report That He Will Erect a Bachelor Apart-
ment House tn Fifth Avenue.

W. W. Astor has added to bis real estate
holdings in the Fifth avenue section, it is
said, by the purchase of 15 and 17 kast Thirty-
third street, two old-fashioned dwellings
covering a plot 60 feet by 100, Mr Astor
bought the house next door, abutting the
premises on the Madison avenue corner,
jast year, and previously owned most of the
block front in Thirty-fourth street The
northeast corner of Thirty-third stree? and
Fifth avenue is owned by Margaret L. de
Stuers.

With the exception of this corner and the
Madison avenue front, the square bounded
by Tulrty-third and Thirty-fourth streets
and Fifth and Madison avenues is owned
by Mr. Astor and various members of the
Chanler branch of the family. It is under-
stood that a twelve-story bachelor apartment
hotel is to be built on part of Mr. Astor's
property, including the site just purchased

 

Ww. Ww.

ACCUSED OF STEALING PENCILS.

Schoolboy Arrested on Principal Casey's Com
plaint for the Sake of Example.

John Schwachhamer of 209 East 110th
street, a twelve-year-old pupil in Public
School 83, waa arraigned in the Harlem police
court yesterday on the complaint of his prin-
cipal, Join J. Casey, who accused the boy
of stealing lead pencils from the aupply reom

The boy'y mother begged Casey to with
draw the charge. He sald that he couldn't

Do vou want to ruin the boy?” asked
Magistrate Pool

"No," said Casey, “but there are 1,200 other
children in that sehool and an example must
he made for their sake.”

The case was adjourned and the boy paroled
in hia mother’s custods

 

COP SAVES A WOMAN'S LIFE.

Dives Into the East River After Her
Like Health Board President,

John B. Sexton, not the President of the
Board of Health, but a policeman of the De-
lancey street station, rescued a woman from

Named

drowning in the East River last night. The
woman, who is a Russian, Jumped overboard
at the foot of Jackson street and the police-
man after throwing off his helmet and coat,
dived after her Two men got @ rope and
pulled the woman out Then Sexton was
hauled ashore The woman was so excited
that she couldn't give her name or tell where
she lived She waa taken to Gouverneur
Hospital

 

DIF OF MOULTON’S BULLET.

Manager Dingwall, Who Was Shot tn the Pabst,
in Danger of Death at Bellevue.

MAY

 

A. W. Dingwall, manager of the Broadway
Theatre, who has heen a patient in Roosevelt
Hospital since last Friday night, when he was
shot by Robert W. Moulton while at supper
with May Buckley, the actress, ts not yet out
of danger. Fis condition last night was
fuid to be serious

Broadway Block Sold.

It was currently reported yesterday in the
Longacre Square neighborhood that the
easterly block in Broadway, from Forty-
fifth to Forty-sixth street, has been sold to
a avndicate which intends to erect a tall apart-
ment hotel The block consists of nine par-
cela in almost aa many Reparate ownerships,
and has a frontage of 200 feet 10 Inches In
Broadway extending back 100 feet in each
street The price patd for the property is
probably not lees than $700,000 and may pos-
aj) ly exceed that flgure

Killed the Man Who Wronged Her,

Trovetoy, Tex, March 27.—Misa Mattie
Graham, the nineteen-vear-old daughter of
Policeman ¢harles T Graham, shot and fatally
wounded Jack Walsh of the Houston fire
department ! rnipet Walsh has since
died and Miss Graham is under arrest charged
with irder §) sed Walsh of seduc
tion and his refussl to tight the wrong drove

her ¢ feeperation She was released this |

evening

bond of $2,000

Little Girl Run Over by Trotley Car.

 

Kleven-veor-old Fila Paxton of 31 College
pla rut er bys ! ley car in Spring
fie t We treet, Nework, last
night, a badly it edt the
“ he prtated tie knee iy ise she
} : tr .ane

atest Martine Intelligence

Arrived Ss Teutonte Mei inatry

March ’

| lverpoo!

Antediluvian Rre.
Afistlocratic, old andine Adv
White Label Gainness —™

in epltr and quarts, —Adr

 

 

a ee

PRICE TWO CENTS.
COAL STRIKE IS AVERTED,

 

RUSUIT OF YESTERDAY'S
CONFPFRENCE WITH MR. MORGAN.

Father Philipps, Who Headed the Delegation
Anthractt: Mining Region
Says We Is Greatly Pleased With tho
Attitade and Personality of Mr, Morgan.

From the

The conference at J. Pierpont Morgan's
office in the Drevel Building between Mr
Morgan and the Rey Edward 8. Philipps of
Hazleton, Pa, heading a delegation of cit-
izens from the anthracite mining district, to
arrange for a settlement of the dispute be-
tween the miners and operators, came off
yesterday afternoon according to programme.
According (o Father Philipps the conference
was eminently satisfactory. He says that
Mr. Morgan is a wonderful man, and that he
came away deeply impressed with his strong
personality. He would not say, directly or
indirectly, whether the minera’ demand for
the recognition of their union had bees
eranted

The delegation which accompanted Pather
Philipps consisted of Alexander T, MeAllister,
secretary of the Board of Trade of Hazleton,
Pa; Willian T. Lauterbach of Hazleton,
Pa, John H Zerby, President of the Board of
Trade of Pottsville, Pa, and William 1
Marquardt, also of Pottsville. All but the
priest arrived in town vesterday morning
and went to the Astor House They left the
Astor House shortly after tz o'clock to go to
Mr. Morgan's oMce, but got separated on the
way, and those who reached the Drexel Build
ng first had to wait until the others were
roundedup dust before they arrived Senator
Chauncey M. Depew had a conference with
Mr Morgan Then Father Philipps, after
talking with Mr Morgan for a few momenta,

announced to the reporters that the con-
ference had been put olf for an hour, and

that he a his friends would visit the Stock
and Produce exchanges

About 2.40 o'clock the conference began
Mr. Merga: me out of his private office

  

when the delegates arrived and putting his
hand on the priest's shoulder escorted him
in, the others following. Nothing is easier
than to collect a crowd at this corner, The
Pennsylvania citizens attracted the curlosity
of several persons who gathered in @ knot
to watch them enter the building, Others
asked what it was all about andina few min-
utes there was a good sized crowd there, It
required the services of a policeman to scat-
ter the people Senator Mark Hanna and
his son, Daniel Ro Hanna, were in Mr, Mor-
«an's outer office whilo the conference was
#oing on and before it began Mr. Hanna bad
a brief talk with Mr. Morgan.

The conference lasted twenty inutes
and when it Was over Mr, Morgan declined
to state what had been done, tree ather
Philpps was equally uncommunicative, but
later ag made the following statement:

“Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan received our com-
prittes most cordially and assured us that
ie will do anything in his power to make our
mission of peace a sucoess, We are very
much gratified”

The delegation of business men took an
afternoon train for their homes and Father
Philipps went to the Ashland House, where he
reiterated his statement

“Mr. Morgan is a @reat man,” he said
“f never in all my life saw a man who could
eet through so pee business in the same
time. He is a wonder and made a oat
impression on me, He aeems to be able to

rasp a situation at once and bis mind moves
ike lightning.”

“Was it understood that the union would
be recognized?" he was asked by @ Stn re-
porter.

“it only refer you to my ® t. bam
very happy over the result of the conference.
jt was satisfactory indeed. it came
here to make peace and have reason to be-
lieve | have done some good.”

“Do you belleve there wt be no strike?”

“tf you draw that inference from my state-
ment t shall not quarrel with you,” he sald.
“1 thought the Stock Exohange a great sight
and also the Produce Exchanga, but the areat-
est thing 1 aaw was Mr, more en.

Father Phillips said he would probably
stay in town for a day or two longer.

President Mitehell of the miner@ unton,
who appears to be out of [t aa far as negotia-
tions with Mr. Morgan are conce » bad
several conferences yesterday with ather
Vhilipps at the Ashland House. He also re-
fused to say whether the Union was to be
recognized “Tam leaving to-morrow night,”
said he, “for Hazleton where the aubh-oommit-
tee which accompanied me will make a report
to the Pxecutive Committee of Distriota 1,7
and 9 of thea United Mine Workersof America,
which take in the anthracite regions.”

Hazirron, Pa, March 27.—Secretary Mo-
\llister of the Hazleton Board of Trade re-
turned hare this evenin He said that
Mr Morgan had reeaivad tha committeemen
pleasantly and after listening to what they
iad to sav had replied that he would do every-
thing in his power to bring about an amlioabla
fettlement of the questions The interview
with Mr. Morgan, Mr MoAllister said, lasted
about twenty mintues and was marked by
cordiality throughout
Mr. Morwan's word® are interpretated in
the coal regions to mean that he will induce
the coal-carrying roads and operators to make
fome concessions to the minera, and, as Preai-
dent Mitchell {a sald to be equally willing
to make some, the probability of a etrike
seems to be averted

INDIANA MINING TO GO ON.

 

Operators and Employees Can't Agree About
Powder ~ Compromise Probable,

Tenre Havre, Ind, March 27.—The In-
diana coal operators and miners in jotnt
convention, after two weeks of conference,
ogree| that argument had been exhausted
an side, desiring to avoid the respon-
sib lily of precipitating a strike or lockout
Apri 1, have adjourned until next Tuesday
to give the delegates opportunity to con-
sult thelr local members on the one prop-
eition on which there ia disagreement,
namely, that the miners sign a contract to
buy powder from the employing operator
at$i 75 akeg

It was agreed, however, that there should
he no suspension of mining with the end
of the current scale year ils wae done in
respect to publle sentiment, to which beth
sides appeal in the controversy. The miners
y they are standing out for a pring ple
that they may spend their wages ae they
please The operators tnatst that ae their
competitors of Ulinoia bave the powder
fit in that State it ls @ business matter
vetween the Indiana operators and miners,

au

    

 

 

MOB ATTACKS A CONSTABLE.

 

Takes Away His Prisoner, Holds Him and
Burns Down His Property,

INDIANAPOLIS, March 37.—A riot occurred
at Lyford, Pare county, this morning as the
result of the arrest of Claude Phillips, An-
drew Winterbottom and Robert Babidaon,
charged with stoning a train near Hiuladale
on Monday night. A reward of $50 was
offered for the first apprehension of those
who were guilty and Constable Stainger of
Lyford, who conducta a saloon, started in

warch of the miscreants. He arrested the
hoys and was returning through Lyfor
on his way to Rockville, when a crowd o
men surrounded his buggy and the boys
were takeg from him 6 Blarted a fight

*h Jap Lister, a rival saloon man, and
curing the fight the orowd set fire to the

saloon of Stainger which was also used as
his dwelling, and the budding was destroyed
While the saloon and residence was burn-

ing the mob gathered around and refused
t> permit the citizens to put out the fire
(a faat oe wate sas brought, it was taken
fromm the men and dashed out on the

nd and the bucketa broken to pleces
wer was held all this tine by members
mob and was ompellead to witness

i property. Nothing

 

mi from the house

Had Twins the Foarth Time,

Ricmmonp, Va, March 27.—Mra, James R
Smith, who lives near Matinsville, Va, gave
birt to twins thia morning She haa given

rth to elghtee dren, sixteen of whom
are ing This ia the fourth time she has

| heen blessed with twins

 

 

spring announcement number th:
New York mea Saturda Heview neat tur
day will ¢ report woke U lead In sales

 

at the prineiy ok stores throughout the eountry
@na reports (sor branes showing those in demand
As unsold ooples are not returnable, intending pur
coasers ahouia oraer io advance (rom i 7 aswe
écalers,

a

 

 

j
'

|
|
ia
|