VOL. DANA. NO. 168. NEW
TAFT VETO FOR ‘tise cee
rather than economic neeeesits
Tt marks the culmination of a move-
jment that has toi ad for e:ent ours

UITERACY TEST

+4

 

oa'sm under
hoof patriotism

Immigration

 

  

 

exislation with the
teracy test has beer ed chiefly
ETE the American Federation of Labor It
Nas ty 1 bitteriv oppesed be Repre
. i. ww : ‘ '
In Spite of This Congress seatacves from large cities like New

May Decree One for

Immigrants, , | REPUBLICANS TO REORGANIZE.

National

Conference in Mareh

to

   

 

 

 

     

  
    

 

     

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 
        

    

 

    

 

  
 

         

   

 

YORK, SATURDAY,

FIRST MOVE TO END
LONG THEATRE WAR

Shuberts the

Agree on Closing Many

Theatres,

TO KEEP UP FIGHT THERE

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

     
 

 

 

 

 

  
 

   

 

      

 

   

  

 

 

   

 

   

   

 

 

       

    

   

 

 

   
  
 

   

  

FEBRUARY

Syndicate!

 

 

-- - ~

1913.

15,

GAMBLING HOUSES CLEANED.

Dweer and His Men Setze Tables anid
Other Things in Four Places,

  

our gambling houses near Times
Square, recently foreed to close by
the police, were visited last night b
Inspector Dwyer ient. Coonver and
(fifteen detectives. In each plaee rol
lette and poker tables and other thins
lleft by the gamblers was seized to be

_ destroy ed

As inspector Dwyer, in the antomobile
{that used be Inspector Sweeney's,
| paraded from house to house with his

to

 

 

 

  

 

   
  
 

 

  
    

   

  

 

 

 

   

    

 

   

 

 

Copyright, 13138,

——

by the Sun Printing and Publis!

ing

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day; unsettled to-morrow; probably
rain or snow and colder.
Detaiied weather reports will be found on page 15.

 

CENTS,

Association,

PRICE TWO

FIGHT RESUMED AS SENATE
MEETS TO ACT ON MADERO’S
RESIGNATION OF PRESIDENC

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

  
 

 

   

 

 

   
     

 

. , 7+ ( Progressive Plans farmy, he was tagged by several thou. > - ee rr ee ee ear ae Rne eae -
TT ta . ‘ . ouwsnese ean . , «
N As EL » \ IEW NW I NS | roe Wey 4 Plans jsand persons just out of the theatres F >) ‘ ’
a ‘ , he : ' — y - . / y
to hold hat Authors to Profit by a Better) Potice reserves were called to seatter avored for I rovisional President of Mexico British Legation, at Midnight,
‘ ace erence te | '
' . * : ithis gallery
fe » ’ ° |
; ‘ + oreanis the Republican party along Chance to Place Pheit The four houses whieh the i €
President and Seeretary FIN pyceroceice tes tat | SE eee eda ills Reasserts Madero Is
. j x we ines, In keeping with a sug- Plavs tered bv stnashing stree: windows are
' ee ‘ ne . .
4 “* gestion made by Gov, Hadley of Mise | the Ansonia Club at 143 West Morty:
0 ) ‘Y ~W : Mi 5 ! , ,
‘ ( the : Fault \ ith sourtand other Ropubliean progressives fourth strect, next door to the Green \ Already Out.
} - rd ; flaw & F . sornts ‘ Turtle restaurant, the “swell” Lyceum
by 20 ; a few months ag yd ‘at aie Klaw & Erianger, recognized as the * “ Th) UTS ea oe ys 5 Se ae | 8 =i ict ait
| ropost d Law. # Was that rey KHAN OP CHE” EHBATHIGRT AORAIHATOC SEN Club at 158 West Porty-fifth street: the
tatives of ¢ party assemble and) °° 2 lesan Kate ae eres ~ Muscogee Claib, whieh had a whole tive ‘ | . Tp
a rm Y ¢ ' form etatement ‘ ‘ . ¢ ne
declare anew the principles upon whi rday ga out a formal statement Te) gare bitlding at 209 West Forty-fitth H ER N A N DEZ HAS QUI
LABOR \ BG FACTOR i: wit conda fight In the next four) S2°UNe the rumor that an amaigamas | street, and the club at 124 West Forty- -
us n Was being arranged be i third street known as the St. Clair Club
:
Tontative plans f hie conference! terests of the syndicate 7 Rachel Brana’s ' ; |Mexican Lawmakers Meet
: . ive 1 ' n the hailway of the Lyceum Club
sad f We Must Have wen Approved in] Washington mot rs, recognized as t leaders of the| : ‘
Ayoued That M : Iv oby member ao of “old auatd ane ‘Wea thloal THUaweata Inspector Dwrer came upen two Klass Behind Bolts and
\ veto Do Certain Classes mt by many of the more progressive ; ay : causes filled with swords, dirks, pistols
Repu asia (holt houses of, Conktoes Beveray yeara rumors 1 con. jand shotguns. The steward, who WAS Bavonets.
of Work Here. t is proposed to make the conference z moof the two factions, whien}the only visible informant, said they ,
national in. scope v control the theatrical in- | Were antiques rhe inspector pro- ~—.
The scheme as outlined by Repat in sts in the eountry, have heen eireu nounced them in vielation of the Sulli-
¢ i4 ; es ei ; é mil ted it 1 ' i ‘ + Van law on ‘izvedthem too DE L A BARR A SILEN?D
‘ ' . 9s i emplates he fe ‘ ’ nt wWist Week they have ! . ~
ved t ‘ party froin the gro been more persistent th r -hen | :
. . persi iethan ever. When -
évidt " fundamentals will be jt hecume known that there had been! BURGLAR SAVES BABY'S LIFE.
u ” l fers to the ‘ 2 ft,
‘ on Wer leaders to the) conferences between Abraham Lincoin| Isin Conference With Madero
ay that ¢ sf Rr ger ; ‘ "Ii Hpelangwer ay 2h, . ..| Drops Gon to Hel Mother When
ge announced that an ef iinie plan interpret. the result of the | Utlanger and Lee Shubert, head of the Pie . | Cabinet and Rumors
‘ j lade to pass Tae Ob over wteotion last November as a rebuke to s Shubert enterprises, the state. fold Chitd Had Croup. - x
t reisag chance of the old time machine leaders. The new Inent was issued. Tt follows Los ANGELES, Feb. 14-—A burglar who | Fly Fast.
i eaders contend that there will be no Inspired iy the ani hieioi ed went to reb Mrs. Fred Morenis remained | :
thos irters of the hi lance of t party’s success until the threatened demoratization mikisal i oe to save her baby’s life, according to « | ——
i ir reanigation is pureed of ihe Actlv® rena ¢ thentyt Want ; ay Aue report Mrs. Morenis made to-day to the
pass ove es pant ateiaa en Sh. tae td ay ; i e thei eal Sitess i last), ous
Pires tar already | uanagement ¢ exe men five years, Str. Hriangwer last Novemian | Pouce AFTER HARD DA\'s FIGHT
Cen a aN Senators Borah, Cummins, Kenyon, ) y fo “weal 7 Ee eee as Last night her baby was suddenly
ie House and Senate, 17 Bristow, La Follette and other pro- | theatrieal business o, ee eer back | Stricken with croup. usc as she went
; ‘ iy f Prenel vic ine-alati ined Sheet at ce ‘ eee estas rought back | oy oe 4 “ont door to st ‘ v- ‘
' ein the House on a | xressives are slated rhe the hinces to: plane of stability. “Conwtant reaueset onc Oper tone cual 10 ATE aon ee Revolt in Provinces Grows and
ecammit the bill showed lof the old to write made upon him by producing | Sician she met a masked man who ur-
; 49 to 70 In fa a pew the Repub- and managers of theatres ta | dered her to keep quiet at the risk of | Little Hope Is Felt for
/ Dring about some such change tn the gen- | her life Disregarding his command
4 em * Senat at ans y oe i hang 1 gpen- th lif i gard! his *
cast against i" i It is mm now is con. , orgs of th: _ ter class of theatri- | she screamed: “My baby is dying! I | Federals,
ference some tin i Prob- : t 1 . ole Wi h t ot ate ; am going for a dovtor'”
t wan Whiel wm bhellever oul ores @ . ‘ thy
fH he Presid baced ably this will be in the between | bring Oi theldeatradcbetiuriiedt ny bi The burglars demeanor instantly ;
rai cana fe rheonlithe obcthel thoats situation, fila ctesulted in. ql chanaed | Mexico City, Feb. 14, 10:40 P. M4.
r , nul ennoee ‘Let m hetp vou." he said, placing Fed ef
‘tonne ess, when as! num oft ferences between him and set me hep ' | cons eral forces have begun a night
licat n ro. Lee Shubert, in which Mr. Erlanger + his revolver in his pocket. Mrs. Morenis
words some | ipbheans an pre +. 08P re Thanger re t ut ‘ : , ®
e ; : eeuld be while eg. aented. A BrOHITAN: ZC eTIE| ea si rica HG ROCHE eR ERROHRR| attack on the Arsenal and heavy
x dialect, including 1 : b Nixon @ Zimmerman and Wiillam | bats wae Tone cannonading and machine gan fire
vandal a en oon slips i ‘ and other allied interests fle Mr. Shu- ‘i ma ‘
prepared and f i ; Hare rey haat the inter hes ¢ . coy | The burglar asked for vinegar, sugat fis again in progress,
Saototay welt saa nid tathoe ous Shubert compantes and. the ae jand water and concocted a mixt ire The advancing colamne are eup-
. ‘ fe? he ad down nfante
‘iwrpihuted to inmbeotose of in ciates, including William A. Brady, John | Which - 4 ’ ,
ra n BATH TUB TRUST Cortand Fred Whitnes ; throat rubbed olive ol] upon ported by batteries and from the
a Hii pravided that no tw Ne This plan ineluded and anticipated na the chil and worked an hour, windows and roof of the Arsena}
€ PEACE SERENE: ER TERY NS ‘ : amalgamation of interests The separate rw » he told the mo r her baby G
» atid} ‘he @ame « ‘ rictl ‘ her en. Z
MiBFANIS BROW NAN 1G SAME » fo DEFENDANTS GUILTY ldentity of the Shuberts was to be "| was out of danger salabb dell chal ainda casted b-bd
a tes served and remain intact and unaffected, | uy xf must have a baby yourself,” res , 4 ing with rifle volleys and with their
te na heen helfievel that the app 1 mnd thes were to operate thelr various | * : a : : ‘ é : :
: Y P rk o cs qaick flrer
Viof est would bring about a de = = jtheatres and productions preet as they | marked Mrs. Morenis ; . ‘ 2 a ik sand fleld plecen,
ceded curtailment of immigration to tais P 1 f T li id | M B fare now doing Charles rohman, | “LT have five replied the man, fs # o Merico City, Feb. 14—With the
ha ye enalty for Tndividuats May Be? tiaw & Erlanger and thelr various - ‘ s f
or . : Se
' at , ; ) , . : Pet and allied Interests were to contint ' mate of the Republic in session
na short me sean w ni ) Was fe m a Year in Prison anda business on their present Ines NEWBURGER IN BURGLAR HUNT. aince 8S o'clock to-night it is now
anied } r from Secretary Nege, were to go on competing with each other |
oes 3 Fine of 85.000 Be a Pe eta ake Olemes Bet ett ane PNOTO COPYRIGNT BY atated on positive authority that
ae | Satie Ine of &., ° f plays and actors as vigorously as New Deputy Commiastoner to Time mn 4
this with great reluctance ever, as both parties realtzed that. suc. | ” GEORGE GRANTHAM BAIN. Franciseo |. Madero has agreed to
tains many Valuable amendments e [sone teeta renee lay in the ance) leon to Jmat Mise Thieves. Francisco de la Barra, who is likely to be named to succeed Madero] resign onty in the event that anch
resent immiaration bia hiel will insure r ‘ 14 Tv ' n the! productions and in the acquisition r * emits ” CUTAN LRM ECT GR | sectarian cctereictinticweneicieseiereiecemnieeeierdeeewnediis Snchinbiaaisansinatinsiaiiesenininnischesandsssiaainaecencasieesss? —
i Me The : hiliie De v. bel : : uitable plays from the best authora It “ ane 1 Deput 7 el ania ra Ale j# conrse be dictated hy the Senate.
we ane RPh aa ' mreernty wt ‘ , tl wie realized that the weakness of the > Newburger was arivi . '
on } prea reesy led " United States District ¢ rt the fact that there were machine at 11 o'clock last night, when NEWS HAILED WITH MADERO S HOME DESTROYED. | te tm belleved that his rest
beth houses end olen vryernye Y ; es : Sree ae E Fe s catering to one clas as he was passing a tailor shop at S4 tion is in the hands of the Mesican
le commissior te next ‘ afte ale eeratine nn nm au ¢ ther re wr ’ ° } . seats , ™ .
mation ve Fs aa Vin Gay dan ee Far this o RORRORALIO! rit ang. the eref \ Hen ve n nd avenue, ue heard the Fie a [Rebels Turn Thetr Cannon on Hits! Congress.
1:3 1 h i ! ‘ ) tay rm in the building ringing © RO | Patntt ,
inmes tii forms ot : { alntinl Residence, The Wel i
1 cannot make up my mind to sign | j guilt Judge ¢ \“ : amusement ; ‘ heeman Rourke, who was doing 1 Mexico Ciry. Fet y Ying force HAD  LOGAERh  COlteeninR
h ‘in its chief provision vielates | Si6ns Ww pronoun entence t 10 tlined. and whieh it {9 Stationary post duty and they forced | : a8 9 af a 3 s aa I la’ Torce ioe midnight tt. annonncement that
ple that ought in my opinion to be] o'clock on Saturday morning. 1 hit into effect and earrs out their way in : i ee | mtn anceg Madero’s palatial home 10!) yadero had resigned, Senor de la
dealing with our immigration. | oosigual may be sentenced to one year embraces or e  elties They found nobody, but the rear win- ti tedande AH . WV s | tte Colonia Roma, half way between ("| narra has held conferences
the literacy test. Vor reasons pay a fine ef $5,000, or to! f Boston, Chicago, Philadeiphia and St qow was open. Several bolts of cloth Administration Finds Relief in j@rsenal and the American embassy | ¢, el ee
Secretary Nagel’s letter to me) Et Jai a a One 8 , st fineg | Laue. where it is par arty emphasized ong come overcoats and suits had been Re ‘ted Resignation BNOREHEtoraNh Gana ininih canhonuls }Gen, Felix Diag and President Ma-
pprove this measure ' ay h, and each corporation m yt that too many ie 8 ave catering ic piled up in the rear of the store near eporter esigne ; deh : ine } : f pi it nel dero urging a quick settlement.
oy tar at ‘ pe} 9,000 the same kind ¢ attractions and to the : s tery destroved the building, Diaz's gun. |
- ny oot t ‘ erat s fe ature of The arge on W yo Were ed same theatregoers, to the detriment of the window 5 of Madero, | ers hardly leav one stone or oO
yuife, Seer ry Nagel in his lei f in of the Sherman anti-trust tthe producing mauters The reserves from the Fifth street : Ae) 7 Y leavin ne on po Mexico City, Feb, 14.—The British
President says; “was a ea th nr It is believed that the plan evolved station were needed to seatter the crowd ire is \" m) ne t faoet p lent’ | Legation ann n i hort! f oF
, rst le i th ; : ; ¢ wii} ores in yreat beneSt tu the rs } ollectec fter t heatres in the »?D p . wr . eo | Ye destruction of the resident's ORGAO announced shortiy after ‘
} bea yo ig among a inajorityoot he , eee t ate a ae a ger lease pe tt A. , ir} ; ; eee ia I ROBLEM STILL REM ATNS| mans on Was an incident of the hardest. O'clock to-night that Prestdent Madero
s in principle snd neu! all the 400 ju rs; !? 1 ate e OF) neighborhoot ( at on { ' shih Wa ak : i ees gt hi std 3 fi
aren equence a that it is bi ain Siri ak A wah aau owen Tuten to actors by givir # them ‘ longer Me BEDS a ee a no which be bre - and his Minister of the Interfor, Rafael
\ { rtaking to ¢ Vs E i AOA cel : ENRARSIE! Ly SERSE ORO ME BEECH SARE . : +s : ‘ : Sistas ANG stagerigtas oyerapread the ‘wnandes. had resiene. at
‘ as ‘ yee t ie Upon Which fined prices whs0-) ge riilures and preventing the m piia- CHESTERTON ON LABOR PAPER. |. S. Will Face Intervention residential section to the southwest of He ; nen Me a had resigned, and that Fran-
8 HOt CAICWIATEd tO Fs in every part of the countrys tien of the same class of ertertainment enempis a ; the arsenal tha. Meat eclsco de la Barra would probably ‘e
{ t m ¢ I t ¥ eee i ’ he arse fi ie first time. More ably D
it Ind Teiet m a dat ) Among the defendants are some of the, running in the same city at the same time Lenaven His Old Berth Because of In- Until Strong Man Con- then 100 were killed In this Acht neg {made provisional President
8 does not exist st pr nent ? Pittsburg and, Under the present system of booking tive °* re 7 meet oth sites oe ‘
mos rominent men in z * 4 / 1 1 aca { ; ;
T sion of the bill fs new and! 4). tles tast. Some of themi musical attractions or five dramas are compatible Optatons., trols Mexico, on a | At the National Palace it was ad-
{ r It goes to the heart of the! want when Jodman this morn. | Hable to appear in’ Boston, Chicago or Special Cable Despoteh to Tun Svs | REFUSES TO MOVE EMBASSY, 3 [omitted that Hernandez had resigned,
t ; At he ae i Vitladelphia at the sime Cine dt would ‘ . ar ! | dn he President an int
does not permit of ¢ a oe nen te » disgrace SOS 4 hat p of par- ‘ a jhut the President himself in an inter-
: : : ie : ing piecured jurors the Glugrace |i. oF | tiinable advantage to the pro Lost i Mu 4 2 MEADS : P Washington, Feb. 14.—The news that | bs diga eae - ee
and mu as 1 regre Sl ihat would fall on them sh vald they be! nicer tf his nroductionele not anngREdl ts idox writers, Gilbert Kelth ¢ hesterton, Minntiacon AlARArOu iadereplanod attra Wil w With Sagres.) Sey With THE SUN correspondent said
© other provisions of thelcoonyvieted ‘of Judge Sesstons same kind of p the sume week in bas severed his connection with the SAAR? sae ashe Peace ' tlon of Mavas that he would die before he would give
’ ‘ most 7 ts excellent | was thought bys ef the defendants | Same cits Daily News and Leader after) many | Presidency of Mexico and that Pran- : = mie ip his post
respect really objectionable, They ie favorable io them. The list yf de- | he contemplated arrangement would) cears, In the future he will contribute cisco de la Barra is to be the provisional!  MBNtoo Crry, Reb. 14 \s an envoy Gitectocnishus fecal
; : ; j ae ties . : ee ; Prenat : ; 5 i atte to-night Senor de } Jarra ¢
to advise that you do noti gandants follows | Keen open oh thentrs * that wre HOW ta a labor Paper Hed the Daily Her president of Mexico pending another | Of President Madero Pedro Lasouvain.' . Nnigce ep ae aire ane
s ayn? ' Ht Whigs A Sioa avy cle) Closed weriodieaily in yese Various eitie h ; Minit t) das atic ap- ‘ | nie vf uae ffatea oe ay eb edd dert : snter? s aim
A hold ae eae eee a z rae for lwek of attractions, assuring contin- ale, ae ane Caer i a pathetic aye > cection was joyfully received ia Wash- j Minister of Morelgn Affairs, cated at d doors In the National Palace and
ag xg J 3 i} 1. ahs uous employment to the local peoz and | vet : ne y Shap 280 08 ington and lifted a great burden of | U2 America Eimiussy s ‘ fter 2) troops were on guard outside With fixed
» would result in oun lhure, TOW ernex of Munsiield, Obi0; | ne antistactory and varied entert ine | and to the astonishment of every one } ' iffernoon and 1 sted me Hiunmier 1 fast i
} pe 4 i tar satisfi ! an ar ) “ | : nie or *} ities ‘Clovan this atte wo § ‘ fugerest(ed, ave = tutlers are gw fastint
; a tar NC ID ‘ Lloyd G. MeCrum and Howard T. Gates| pont to the theatregoer: It would anuint | Zot $40,000 anxiety from the authorities ie a oN ‘ 4 . ae fan in the
: ' . , tt . . "hil : .¢ t . } won of tie Madero govern: : streets een wre Wales t} 2 Te
when fut (of t'niontown, Pa Pron’ G. Borden ofl the producing manawer in securing casts Writtne in the Merald) Mr. Chester While the State Department had net th aes on AME, : He { : n , af wth cheer
. FF : hut the emibusey he ove t vabt Y citizens tor the rst time t ee)
6 vould Ive Salem, ¢onte Anton Welsikitile of Balti-}and stop the country being flooded wit ton ext ins his resignation thus “Toota late hour received oftielal contirma , ‘ { m Ito LCR DU Li eure me in a week,
¢ P C*hinng Pau . ' riferder ’ a stiburd five iniles ou
ree pe ntage of valua-| more erman M. Houeseher of Chieage, | bumber two oor infertor companies, and, pay » « n ugainst ¢ “dftor, , wero's resizna- ‘ * 9 s
a p , iu u i i : ’ jon to ae ce as ey ed odot ; un e itor, tion of the reports of Madero’s resign: A bAsaAUOPoKMinOn ised. to comply fintsters Credo bin to Quis.
The enforcement of the | tess. T. Duryea of New York and J.B.) it ! ; wie always shown me kindness, a9 fron Ambassider Wilson iclalal with tt ‘ Oaat E The in niprantinietony ia hat &
{ost approximately $1,000,000 Wright of Wheeling, We Va, Do Rea Oitie Poet ee ARETE but the papar had cote: ta stand for a ieee seis He rai ia ee) Ang Per Ret ca SO dS erate, ote ane ee
iting to Mr. Nagel ' Corporations The Standard Sanitary ua os 3 * one - : almost everything that I disag e will of the Dey DISTRI Re PARA LO) MOAR AFOSR VAY MUON NNT an taete ‘ ; joa us Hernia ARBs
: TaLthAR haalatihoetAts facturing Companys of Pittsburg in le o@ Hen e uf hee Shubert hie ndotethouent (hab Ti huncuntter ronan doubt the truth of the report i basis n i mH 0 si oe) tits pride and to ve-
iver of female mem-|the Barnes Manufacturing Company of ah ~ oan a 4 a ie hag . A before the next great measure of socia foth Secretary WKhox und Assistant! ot t ’ 1) : ay ined ry i St tga _
ss aut +? aT : m vert, Who Was ir altimore, . ; Sho : ao r ey 9 ¢ Vs the ester bus daointained an ob-
f does not rest upon) Manstleld, Ghio, the National Sanitary : reform made it legal to po on strike.’ Secretary Wilson said they could mike r 7 Stina os ' Meet
mm Manufacturing Company of Salem, | bert, a@ me mber of the firm, last might ho comment wntil the Department lad ' REBELS FIRE ON TRAIN. mate Pel sal Virere isa Widely cireu-

contends that the effeet| Ohio; the A,

n abor on industrial con- | of Baltimore, the L. Wolt! Manufactur-

 

erestimated by those sup- | ing Company of Chicage, the JL. Mott
‘ * measure, ineluding the/| Iron Works of New York, McVey &
‘ » Pederation of Labor, He da-| Walker of Braddock, Pa.; the Union
<4 great amount of labor! Sanitary Company of Noblesville, Ind.

    

 

   

   

 

 

which ni es are un-) the Wheellng Enametled Iron Works of,
ind consequently it ts) Wheeling, W. Vay the MeCrum- Howell
many of whom have! Company of New York and the Humph- |
te reys Manufacturing Company of Mans-
felentiy earnest and fntelli- | fleld, Chto - |
Las been made to bring our}
* nol reth # .
in supiiy together.” 6 RAYMOND BELMONT WARNS WIFE,
so far the same forces that
f support to this provision! is
: . 1 a tie In Not Ree
v Lill have stubborniy resisted, Given Nothee That « ‘
‘King to an {intelligent dis sponsible for Mer Debits,
reW tmmigration to mes To Whom It May Concer Luke notice
ds of our vast couniey. that Pam not responsible for any debts
retary points out that a 2 Which have been or which may hereafter
$ » farm work all over thal be contracted by any other person than

(AYMOND ER LMONT
Which ts printed
directed at

‘ myself

+ 888.172 This n
morning #&

in this

Mrs

notice,

ist fiscal ve dilena

r

 

pers, is

 

     

          

 

 

 

 

U “d Slate he net im-
nited pha et Mthel looragine Belmont, thomgh it does
ne over 400,000, We ore : :
{ at net mention her name, It is her hus-
rine si illed ta be , and only i ie ‘
} . band's present answer to the sult) fer
rned; Wwe received 116,000 A eee, B
) ‘ ‘separation which she has started, charg
nd only 18,000 returned; re- '
! P ing desertion, Later, It is understood, |
00 farm laborers, and only : i i
recelved 185,000 common he | bring a sult for « ree
1 200.01 ee iL While Norman Asher of Geltner, Simon &
un ' , ° , thee y i ,
. Li ans ye Asher of 277 roadway, attorneys: for
wr cent ne ow } 2
a a ch ni i "at NS oMrs. Belmont, sald last might that the
x ie Oy Ory mr wPes= notice Would have no effect on the
' Baers congestion H moat prosecution of her sult. They are ask
Hy ine Miateraey amMons for- ing for support and maintenance of
e only df pal cant, lthefr cellent and are not disturbed by |
! ve Curley of Massachu the latest development of the case,
a ¢ 1 movement against tre Young Belmont is said to be on a va-|
; ae ; ; {
Moof the Iminigration bill, ssid cation in Garnet, Hampton county,
South Carolina He was there when
t ’ of ‘res } Tr. ,
i Hs nM dent meet in vetoing his wife started her suit, so the papers
pratte , Soin keepinar .
mn | i it eeping with were s¢ rved bey publication Nicoll, A\n-
Traditions of the honored offer f PISA Rae iE Ta Ee ;
y and the veto message itse able, Jndsay & Maller are his attorneys
be. Sineere ring of that true Ameri. and offers have been made by them to
which has marked every act Mrs. Belmont, who has refused the)
Jent of all the of the terms, |
thtes a= j
# stinging rebuke jo those men ANTEDILUVIAN WHISKEY

fe who have substituted preju-

Judgment and whvuse

a Every cellarette and medicine cabinet should
ce {or q |

|
|
basis for | eoutala @ bottle, Luy ties Bros, N. ¥.~ Ade,

 

Tikent While the contracts had
been signed, he sald, the working agree-
ment had been brought to such a
that it was a settled fact

“It will be an advantageous arrange-
ment for the public, the aetor and the
manager,’ “Tt will put a stop
to needless competition, For Instance,

not yet

stute

he sald

in Cincinnath to-night we are playing
‘The Merry Countess’ in one theatre
and the syndicate is presenting ‘The
Count of Lauxembours’ in another

“In citles where Wwe have the new
igteement vou will not see ‘Zlegfeld's

 
 

 

Mollles’ competing with the Winter
Ciarden stow The Wlaw & Nrlange:
stuftement covers the situation come
pletely There Js nothing more that J
(al say.”

Wille only the theatres In four cities
Were mentioned in Cie fotmal statemen ,

sas generally understood lust

night
in Broadway that the working agree
thent as announced Is the forerunner af
dvreement regarding many
particularly those In the

   

a similar
other oltte
middle We

Broadway Was tiuch Interested when
It heard that long looked for under-
stunding between the rival theatrical
concerns might be in sight The scep-
theal ones pointed that the last
working agreement betWeen the two
factions lasted less than a year

This was four years ago, when
the Klaw & Erlanger Interests became
Interested in “advanced vaudeyitte.” Mie
Shuberts furnished some of the) out
of town theatres for the venture It
was thought last night, however, by
those in a position to know that soite
sort of an end to theatrical differences
between the syndteate and Independent
forces was in sight

   
  

the

ONE NIGHT OCT TO PALM BE
DAYTONA, ORMOND, ST. AUGUSTINE: over 2
hours quiekest to Miami and Havana: "Florida
Spagel,” Atlantic Coast Line, 1218 roadway,
~~ Ade.

  

 

Welskittle Sons Company | centirmed the Wlaw & Erlanger stute- |

MRS. WILSON AS A PAINTER.

Preatdent-clect's Wife Im to bubtbde
Philadelphia.
Mrs. Wood-

President e!
done by her
Arts and Cratts
Which will open
The only other
Wright of London
dintings are chietty
of them d to

etn aAveLviita, Beeb. 14
row Wilson, wife
Wil exhibit paintings
at an exhibition at the
Guild in this etty,
next Wednesday
hibitor will be Jolin

Mrs. Wilson's p
aAndsca pes Some

of th

 

oN

are mi

 

show a rate appreciation of scenery and
color effects
Mr Wrigiit's etchings embas

   

Sielhan,

subdects

 

ln
honored

Prench and
Work has been

Venetian,
His

by royal approval, the Ising of Ital
having purchased several of bis patar-
ings

SAVES LIVES OF FIVE BOYS.

Wiliam

Rockefeller's Coachman

From Young Consters,

Bebo Dh Qidek thinking
Huffinan, coachman for
Rockefeller, saved the Ives of

TARKYTOWN,
by Thomas
William

five small boys cousting on a bobsled
down College avenue this afternoon
‘rhe sled came down at a fast clip as

Huffinan drove down Valley street ina
bugey.

Ile was almost in its path when he
heard the bows’ cries, He pulled his
horse up short and the sled went under
‘the animal, knocking it down, Two of
ithe boys were badly injured.

Huffman jumped out and sat on the
j horse's head, while others assi&ted a
} woman fn the carriage to alight,
|

| Deerfoot Farm Sausages.
| Made of the tender meat ofdairy fed, fat. young
porkers, daintliy seasoned with selected spices
Try a tworpound package. Beware of imitations,
Ke,

 

 

heard fom Ambassador Wilson TC was
Spected that despatehes from him would
be received some time after midnight

It Was pointed out, though, that how.

ever desitgble the dew arrangement in

   

Mesico city may be as relief from the
stute oof affalrs of the last Weel it
cannot alter the polley of the United
States with respect to Mexico The
thing of greatest moment has been and
Will coutinge too le the protection af
American life and property in’ Mexteo

The provisional administration of be

 

 

lo tarva and the Government which
may stieceed bin will be satisfaetery to
the Uintted Btates fo exaetly the sian

lepree Chat i succeeds in giving proper
protection te Aanorienn interests fn
Mesice Paliare te oafford: suet protec.
thon to Amerteau Hfe and propery wilt
Delia down pew auy Mextean ern
tnett sharp remboders from: the United

States just an la the past

Amertenn Interests Not Protected,
Cottic hal Waehtagtgn finds tt dificult te
see how auy Ghoverninedt dn Mesxtoe

could be Worse than the one whieh tas
just fallen as far as affording protection
Ainerican  iiterests hs raed

Theugh no oftielal of the st Wepre

tee eobdes

ite

ment is willing even Co intitnate sueh ay

thing it is nevertheless mo seeret that
Madero was regarded ta Washington as
lw failure as President

The Installation of De la Barra as pre.
visional President of Mexico is
pated to-night with the optitiisna amd a
strong bellef that it will mean better
things in Mexico in the near future, to
say nothing of putting an end to
feontlict whieh has gone on ever
{ Sunday
1 oe ie
ame

since

helleved that the seleetion of

 

}

Continued oF Second Page

}
! MONTREAL

Shortest, quickest and best line: Say 1D. & H,
fo any New Vork Central Agent, 8 trains week
dave 2 Sundays New Grand@Central Terninat,

| Ade,

the!

stery thas Congress is merely

 

  

 

 

Amerionun Arrive at San Uneonta el! for. President's written reg
nation before permnitting the fect t
With Tales of Danner, made t ah e fact to be
: pea
Fan ANTONIO, Bebo 14. Persons whe Phe a ty of the forelgn  repre-
arrived in this city to-day from norte ntatives lead te the rumor that they
ern Mexico report disturbances in ‘Ta- Fave jeined in note to the Govern.
mMAUNpaR and Nouvo Juecn Noone THebt deanandiug that Madero fix, the
mits of e ftghiing In order that non-
seeins ft knoe mst wi “re the ‘
an a know J Who are the lead- conbatanis may not be endangered
‘
Wen There can be no question, however
j < : : Parr) e : **
wl we aren uf St. Pa WHS ON that de elopments of the most tremen-
y to Mesico elty when his (ain dese importance wil follow the vonfers
Was held nw south of sultille She ay , e National Pala Th vub
noes in the n lace e »
Hudwey station and a freight train were belief ts ti Male +5 Whether will.
Oo fire and ahout 2oe mounted aren nels » Hot ; \ 1 3 Irn ncan the Gov
i or t, ve » Gove
i" oy t > tine ¢ ee , thes i 4 r
‘ toe dito tire at ti engin iad ernment »oseme one favered by Gen,
mt ' Dhav.owhe undeubtedty controls the situs
lemon sthek fo thelr posts: aud sie thon
ftthe
ceeded in petiing the train out of don
yor, Dut not lefore all of the coaches Report More Guns for Madero,
had been riddled with butlers Mr Some Mader stas say that reenforce-
Cireds sist that thre Deanelite. were drini nents and addithonal heivy guns have
and rode alone beside the train veiling be ou peoefved and that the bombard-
nyd shooting tment oof the cftadel wil be resumed tn

Com nre oom ° earbest in the morning. This does not
WOMEN OF STREETS SHOT. uetree witli the news from the provinces

tho the country is declaring for Diaz,

Pinh@inng Is Crevied late Werstea Despite the denial ty Agcona, the re-
Miadalnaiiacelidi bert persists that Deda Barra is to sue-

¢ : ceed Madera at @ ao cloek in the morn-

Mestog (rry, Pea Th Women were ing ‘The influence of the British Min-
shot down In the red dimuat distriet of the ister is said to have been exerted in De

Rarre's Interests
A regiment of Cuban infantry will ar-

Pederal
Diaz's citadel, concens |

Capital to-day When the
iuvled back from

troops, ha

trated in that seetion rive at Vera Cragin the morning, coming
Diay porsoed the theeing Maderistas ohn board of a Cuban gunboat, The Mex-
and shot them down with muchine gun fean 3 ister at Havana wired the Me

  

 

fre as they erowded the nirrow streets.) dero Government asking permission to
The sitting of the Tine of batth: caught land seldiers for the protection of the
the Inhabitants of the disthict unpre.) Cuban Legation, Tt is sald here that the
pared, Chobans have orders to land,

The result was that the streets were Voenight American doctors and sur-
filled ow terrified Women who could geons are working with French and
pot eseape fram the croustire of rifes! Spanteh doctors in the red light dis-
ind the rainoof bullets from che rebels’ triet, where hundreds were killed) or
Maxims. Tt Was in this encounter that! wounded by the savage fighting of the
a battalion of the Twentieth Infantry | day.

ihrew down their arms and refused to} Despite the optimistic attitude of the

fight any longer for Madero, Government up to nightfall it hae
¢
Be cas , PM ot