ee

=

 

VOL LXVII.—NO. 146.

 

NIGHT ATTACK BY WARREN

 

Atti MPT TO TAKE SPION KOP WHICH

COMMANDS THE BOKR TRENCHES,

 

Result of the Assault Not Yet Reported
~den. Buller Explains the Strength of
the Enemy's Posttion—Saye Advantage
in the Artillery Duel Is With the British
—Reports From the Boer Side Say That
Warren War Repulsed in Saturday's
Severe Fighting-Say White Attempted
a Sally From Ladysmith but Was Checked

Special Cable Despatea to Tae 8cN.

Loxvon, Jan, 23.—The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Gen.
Sir Redvers Buller:

“Spearman's CAMP, Jan, 23.—6:20 P,
M.—Warren holds the positions he gained
two days ago. In front of him, at
about 1,400 yards, is the enemy's position
west of Spion Kop. It ison higher ground
than Warren's position, eo it is impossible
to see into it properly, Itcan only be ap-
proached over bare, open slopes.

“The ridges held by Warren are so steep
that guns cannot be placed on them, but
we are shelling the enemy’s position with
howitzers and field artillery placed on lower
ground behind the infantry. The enemy
reply with Creusot and other artillery. In
this duel the advantage rests with us, as
we appear to be searching his trenches, and
his artillery is not causing us much loss.

“An attempt will be made to-night to seize
Bpion Kop, the salient which forms the left
of the enemy's position, Facing Trich-
ardt's Drift and dividing it from the posi-
tion facing Potgieter’s Drift, 1t has consid-
erable command of all the enemy’s in-
trenchments.”

A despatch to the War Office from Spear-
man's Camp gives the names of six captains
and five lieutenants who were wounded in
in the fighting on Jan, 20. Onecaptain has
since died.

 

BOERS SA¥ WAKREN WAS REPULSED,

Report of the Severe Fighting on Saturday
—White Attempted a Sally.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Buy.
From Taz Sun's Correspondent a Pretoria

PRETORIA, Jan, 22, via Lorenzo Marques.—
Heavy fighting was reported on Saturday
for twelve miles along the Tugela River.
Tho British artillery fire was the heaviest
that has been experienced during the war.
It is eatimated that over 80,000 troops
were engaged in an assault on the Tugela
heights, which are occupied by the Boers.

The fighting front extended for twenty-
two miles, The artillery fire met with no
response from the Boers until the infantry
attacked their positions, The British made
three assaults and were each time vigor-
ously repelled. ,

The Boer Generals were Hans Botha,
Schalk-Burger and Lucas Meyer.

The British cannon, numbering over
forty, maintained a frightful concentrated
fire. Every time the British stormed the
Boer positions they were reénforced by
fresh divisions, but their efforts were use-
less.

Yesterday the hostilities ceased, and the
British ambulances were busy for ten hours
picking up and attending to the wounded
on the fleld of action.

The garrison at Ladysmith attempted to
make a demonstration, but the Boer out-
posts gave the alarm and the attempt was
prevented.

To-day everything around the
guered city is quiet.

belea-

On Saturday night the British garrison
dozen rockets
These were probably

at Ladysmith sent up a
showing a blue light.
signils to Gen,
which is fighting south of the Tugela
River.
Commandant-General

Builer's relief column,

Joubert has just
celebrated his sixty-seventh birthday.

Mr. Adelbert Hay, the newly appointed
American Consul, has advised the Govern-
ment that he will reach Delagoa Bay during
the current week.

Lonpoy, 28..-A despatch dated
“Boer Camp, Upper Tugela, Jan. 21,” states
that after Commandant Botha had checked
the British advance on Saturday morning
it was expected that there would be a period
of inaction until Monday, but tn the after-
in the Brit-

Jan.

noon signs were observed

ish northern camp that a further
movement was intended, When the heat,
which was the most intense yet ex-
perienced, had worn off, the cannon

started In full foree and the infantry ad-
vanced in their now customary extended
order. Commandants Botha and Cronje
held the high hills over which the road to
Ladysmith passes, A tremendous fire en-
sued until darkness ended tho battle.

At sunrise it became evident that tt had
not been without loss to the Boers.
Field Cornet Ernst of Ermelo was killed.
Nor did the Generals escape unscathed.
Commandant Viljoen and two burghers
were knocked senseless by a lyddite shell.
Commandant Viljoen recovered,

The British also advanced from the
kopjes in the neighborhood of Zwarts
Kop. They reached the second row of
kopjes unmolested. Then they entered
the zone of the Mauser tire. Their advance
was stopped and they had to count their
dead and wounded.

A despatch from the same source, dated
Jan, 19, aays that the British have bridged
the river toward Zunkles, where they have
established a vast commissariat. Five
naval guns on Zwarts Kop and a battery on
the northern bank of the river maintain an
incessant and terrific cannonade on the

Boer trenches, The casualties from this
fire are heavier than at Colenso,

 
 

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY

 

ee A a

TWO-HOUR FIGHT AT THE MODDER,

Methuen’'s Shelling Answered by the Boer
Guns—Action Without Result.
Spectal Cable Despate\ to Tar Box,

From Tar Scn's Correspondent With Gen, Methuen’s
Forces.

Mopper Rivgn, Jan. 23—Noon.—A vigorous
reconnolssance that was made last night en-
aaged the enemy's cannon on the kopjes and
highlands. The British light infantry ad-
vanced emartly in extended order to protect a
half battery of howitzers, which swiftly took a
position on the left, facing the kopies. Thea
guns were unlimbered and in action within a
couple of minutes of the time they halted.

There was strong and inceasant shelling be-
tween the howitzers and two Boer guns in
kloofs in the hills. The British long-range guns
supported the howitzers. The firing lasted

ee

from 5:55 to 7:30 P. M.

The Boers were facing a strong sunset and
this seemed to hinder thelr marksmanship.
Though they shelled both the infantry and ar-
tillery they hit nobody.
any, {je unknown,

The infantry were within seoing distance of
the Boers’ trenches, They are wide and deep
and banked with sand. They were strongly
oceu pied.

The British troops are now returning.

The enemy's loss, if

 

EX-CONSUL MACRUM IN PARIS,

Simultaneous Arrival of the Boer Agent in
Europe Causes Comment,

Special Cable Despatch to Tuk BUN.

Paar, Jan. 23.—Mr. Macrum, formerly
American Consul at Pretoria, who withdrew
from hie office and is now returning tothe
United States, has arrived here and is atopp ng

at the Powers Hotel. He refuses to be inter-

viewed.

The fact that his arrival coincides withthe
hurried visit of Dr Loyds, the Diplomatic
Agent of the Transvaal. has set much gossip
afloat, but it appears to be much ery and Jittle
wool, both gentlemen appearing to be more
intenton pleasure than business. Inquiries
to-night elicited the information that both of
them had gone to the theatre their
families,

There le every reason to believe that sinve
leaving Pretoria Mr. Macrum has maintained! a
discreet allence, though alleged interviews
with him have been published by several
newspapers.

wth

 

TROOPS FOR LORENZO MAKQUES,

Report That Portugal Is Aroused Over a
Boer Breach of Neutrality.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Buy,

Lowpow, Jan. 24.—The Daily Mail publishes
advices from Lisbon of date Jan. 1% to the ef-
fect that the Government has been officially
notified from Lorenzo Marques that the Boers
have committed a breach of neutrality by
crossing Portuguese territory from Um balla to
Rhodesia.

Artillery has been sent from Lorenzo Mar-
ques, whose Governor has demanded reAn-
forcements. Everything is being carried out
with all possible secrecy, but the Mail's cor-
respondent states that he Is informed on good
authority that troops have already started from
Lisbon for Lorenzo Marques and that others
will follow imme iately,

The Mail intimates that the foregoing was
received by it by mall, the Portuguese author-
{ties having suppressed a telegram containing
the information that was despatched coneur-
rently with the letter.

TO TAKE GEN. WAUCHOPH’S PLACE,

Gen. Hector MacDonald Leaves Cape Town
for the Modder River.
Special Catle Despatches to Tar Bun.

Care Town, Jan, 22.—Gen. Hector MacDon-
ald has started for the Modder River.

Mopper Kiver, Jan. 22.—An Englishman
who has arrived from Bloomfontein reports
the Britiah prisoners at the Free State Capital
are well treated. He says the Boers admit that
a number of prisoners taken at Magersfontein
were mon without arms who wero in the act of
filling water bottles at the river side. The
water was for thelr comrades, and the men,
after quenching their thirst, intended to re-
turn and reeume fighting.

THINKS MORRS HAVE LAID

A TRAP,

 

Transvaal Agent in FEurove Anxious Con-
cerning Buller’s Advance,
Special Cab¢ Despatch to THe Sry.

Antwerp, Jan. 23.—Dr, Leyds, the represen-
tative of the Transvaal in Kurope, admits that
he is very anxious concerning the present
operations in Natal. He acknowledges that
the fate of the Transvaal depends on the
issue,

He fully believes that the Boer Generals have
a surprise awaiting the British, otherwise the
Jatter’s easy passage of the Tugela river can-
not be explained.

SHULLS HIT GEN, WHITE'S QUARTERS,

Boera Report That They Smashed the Com-
man ler’s House tn Ladysmith,
Special Cable DespatcA to THR Bun,
Lorenzo Marques, Jan, 24.—A telegram
from Boer Headquarters at Ladyamith reports
that shells from the Boers’ Long Tom hava
amashed Gen, White’s and Gen. Hunter's

quarters, The casualties are unknown,

President Steyn of the Orange Free State was
under fire in front of the Free Staters’ position
in Saturday's fighting.

a

ee:

 

No Charges Have Been Made Yet by Either
Side.
Special Cob'e Despatch to Tite BUN,

Loxpown, Jan, 23 —In reference to the alleged
refusal of Col.Gough to obey Gen. Methuen at the
battle of the Modder River, it is authoritatively
atated that no accusations have beeu made on
either aide, though it ia evident that there
must have been a serious disagreement else
Col. Gough would not have left his command,

'
|
| GOUGH’S QUARREL WITH MLTHUEN,

 

TEN DEATHS A DAY IN LADYSMITH.

Gen. White Reports 113 Serious Cases of
Hiness tn the Camp.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun,

Dugpan, Jan. 22.—Gen, White's weekly re-
port from Ladysmith shows that the deaths
from enteric fevers and dysentery at that place
average tenaday. The report also shows that
there are 113 serious cases of {liness in the
eamp.

BOMBARDMENT OF KIMBERLTY,

Boers Directed a Heavy Fire Against the
Piace Last Sunday.
Spreial Cable Despaich to Tae Sv.
Lonpow, Jan. 23.—A despatch from Kim-
berley states that the Boers actively bom-
barded the place on Sunday, The fire waa di-
rected chiefly against the redoubts,

 

 

 

BRITISH ATTACK ON COLESBERG,

 

Pretoria Reports That There Was Heavy
Fighting on Sunday. —
Special Cable Despatrh to Tux Sun.
Parrortia, Jan. 21.—The British attacked the
Boers at Colesberg this morning and there was
heavy fivhting. The Boers are holding their
position,

 

 

 

 

 

———— ———— ee

BOER AGENT SEES MR. HAY.

 

MR, WHITH EXPLAINS THAT HE

HAS NO OFFICIAL STATUS,

 

He Is Reported to Have Said Something
About Mediation to the Secretary of
State-The Mystery of His Errand Not
Cleared—He Will Remain in Washington,

Wasuinoton, Jan, 23.—The expected call of
Montagu White on the Secretary of State has
taken place, but the purpose of his visit to
Washington remains almost as much of a
mystery as ever, One thing, however, was
made clear by Mr. White in hia conversation
with Secretary Hay, and that is that he bore
ne credentials and had no official status. He
made this disclosure more emphatic by saying
that he did not want any ofMfeial recognition,
It is understood that Mr. White did not go 59
farasto say that he might not, later on, re-
coive credentials from the Transvaal Govern-
ment.

From tho fact that Mr. White was the Trans-
vaal’s dipiomatic agent in London during the
acute phase of the ante-bellum negotiations
between Great Britain and the South African
Republic, the inference was drawn that his
visit to Washington was of an official char-
acter. Mr. White has done nothing to give
support to this inference, and to-day, in his
conversation with the Secretary of State, he
made it known that he called as plain Mr.
White and not as an agent of the Boers.

This explanation was mada by him
immediately after he had exchanged
the ordinary greetings with Secretary

Hay, and the way was thus paved fora full and
free talk between the two men, which lasted
nearly an hour, No official significance can be
attached to anything that passed between
them, From some remarks dropped after the
conference by a person familiar with what
took place in Secretary Hay's office, it is fair
toinfertnat Mr. White mentioned something
about mediation between Great Britain and
the Transvaal. At any rate it was learned that
he was told by Mr. Hay that tnis Government
would maintain an attitude of the strictest and
most absolute neutrality.

Whiie hastening to assure Mr. Hay that he
had no offleia! ecatus Mr. White very frank ysa d
that while he was here ho intended to do all
that could be done to further the interests of
his country and&he made known his purpose to
remain in Washington for sometime, This is
taken in some quarters to mean that Nis visit
here has some connection with the home-com-
ingot Mr. Macrum, ex-Consul at Pretoria, Mr
Macrum has been reported as admitting that
he bore letters from President Kriger to
President Lonbet of France and President
MeKinley. One bit of speculation is that Mr.
Macrum fs the bearer not only of a letter to
President McKinley but alao of a letter accredit-
ing Mr. White as the diplomatic agent of the
Transvaal! inthe United States, and that itis
the intention to have Mr. White present Presi-
dent Kragor’s letter in an official capacity

Mr. Hay and Mr, White had a long talk about
the causes that led to the present war. Mr.
White did most of the talking and explained
from the Boer standpoint the various phares

of the situation prior to the outbreak of hostil- |

ities, On account of Mr, White's Englieh name
it has been supposed that he was a British sub-
ject. His nationality was made clear to-day.
He is English born, but became by naturaliza-
tion a citizen of the Transvaal,

PRESENT ATTACK A CRITICAL ONS,

 

Fight at Spion Kop May Decide the Resnit
of the Whole Movement.
Special Cable Despaich to Tur BUN.

Lownpow, Jan. 24.—Alter two days’ silence
the newa comes from Gen. Buller that the
British have gained no substantial ad-
vantage since his last report. The unusu-
ally full accounts that have been allowed
to leave the Boer camp show that the
burghers evidently are equally without ad-
vantage, for though they say they have re-
repulsed some British attacks, there is no in-
dication of a victory and there are some hints
of apprehended failure

Until the possession of Soion Kop ia decided
{t is too early to forecast the result of the oper-
ations. The Boers have evidently made this
point the key of their resistance, and the strug-
gie on ita slopes Is expected to be as deaperate
work as any that has hitherto been done dur-
ing the war.

The result of the projected attempt to seize
it is awaited with anxiety, which is increased
by the remembrance of the disastrous nature
of some of the previous attacks on Boer posi-
tions and the risk of such operations at all
times,

It ia curious to note in the despatches from
the Boer side the almost triumphant manuer
in which it is declared thacthe Boers did not
respond to the British artillery, Their
admission of losses including the appar-
ently significant sentence, ‘Nor did the
Generals escape unscathed,” are unprece-
dented. Gens. Joubert and Villebois are
not mentiored as having been concerned in
the operations, which, according to one boor
account, are being directed by Gen, Pretorius.

The correspondents of the Times and Stand.
art in despatches from Ladyamith, dated Jan,
99, do not mention the reported destruction of
Gen. White's quarters by Boer shells,
They say that the garrison listens to the
booming of Buller's guns anid sees the shells
burating, but ate completely ignorant of
the details of the ehgagement.

There ia no change in Ladysmith Itself, The
Boers’ siege guns still bombard the town and
the investment does not appear to be relaxed,
The British have consequently ceased to spec-
ulate on the precise date of their deliverance.

POWER FROM LONG ISLAND BILLOWS,

 

A Sen Power Company Gets a Charter in
South Dakota,

Sroux Crry, Iowa, Jan, 23.—Twenty years’
charters were issued to-day by the Secretary
of State of South Dakota to the Liquefied Air
Cremation and Consuming Company, cap-

ital ten millions, and to the Bea Power
Company, capital one million. The in-
corporators of both companies are

Stephen H. Fmmens and Newton W. Emmens,
New York; I. C. Haring, West Nyaek, N. Y.,
and Jobn Holman, Yankton, 8, D, But one
reeident incorporator is required in that State,
The articles were filed by James J, Doughty,
Sioux City.

The purposes of the first company are to
cremate human bodies, carcasses and garbage,
to acquire inventions and patents, to promote

subsidiary companies and act as manufaotur-
ers, traders and financiers. The purposes of tho
Nea Power Company. are to acquire, dovelop,
utilize and dispose of sea power produced by
thelbillows which break on the shore of Long
Island. e

 

Texas Legislative Raid on Corporations,

Austr, Tex., Jan. 23.—The Texas Legisia-
ture met to-day in special session to reform
the tax luws of the State. A proposed tax bill
formulated by the State Tax Commission was

submitted in the House 9>4 referred to the
Committee on Revenue and Taxation. It is 4
very radical measure an Iq principally directed
against the railroads other corporation
interests of the State. Many of the conserva-
tive mom burs announce that they will oppose
the ,

ee
Corsicana O11 Goes Booming.

Darras, Tex. Jan. 23.—-O1l on the Cor-
sicana market has taken another big jump In
prices, For two dave advances of 3 cents a

barrel hav in b Nenad Yesterday th
price was 8 up 06 for crude oll an
o-day $1.00 was bulletined as she price unitll
nrther notice, Last August the price was 00
@vnts a barrel,

.

24, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900,

 

GEN, WOOD'S TOUR OF CUBA,

 

People Everywhere Express Confidence to
His Administration,
Special Cable Despaich to Taw SUN.

Havana, Jan, 23.-Governor-General Wood
and ths party accompanying him on his tour
of inspection arrived at Cienfuegos yesterday,
Gen, Wood visited the public oMees, prisons
and hospitals. He was enthusiastically re-
ceived by the respective municipalities en
route to Clenfuegos, the oMfictalsy everywhere
expressing confidence in his government. To-
day the party visited Trinidad and Casilda,
They will arrive at Manzanillo to-morrow af-
ternoon

Yollow fever has practically disappeared from
the city, There are now only five cases in the
hospitals, It is hoped that the disease can be
held in check unt | the return of hot weather

DRIVEN AWAY BY FECK OF! STRIKERS,

J. V. Farwell Co, to Remove no Factory
Vrow Chicago to a Smaller Town,
Cuicaco, Jan. 28.—Fear of etrikes, the lack
of fresh air and the belief that country-bred

| girls ure better workers than their sisters in

the cithes have caused the J, V. Farwell! Com-
pany to select one of the small towns near

 

BY THE SUN
FILIPINOS

 

PRINTING AND PU®
HISS gePRAEATS.
pamoxarnsriogmas RQQECHPTION

70 ARCH PAISHO QYIAPELLE.
wath

 

   
 

Apostolic « .

tion for Rethe

ses to Hear a Peti-
of the Friare—Says the
Pope, Geng Himecit Will
Settle That Question-Gen, Otis Cheered.

tyecral Cable Despatch to Tuk SUN,
Manina, Jan. 23.—The Filipino clergy gave u
reception this afternoon to Archbishop Cha-
pelle, the Apostolic Delegate, which resulted jn
adisgraceful demonstration. Five bundrod of
the moat prominent citizens and theirfamilics,

| including Attorney-General Florentine Torres,

Sefor Tavera, the leader of the pro-American
Filipinos, and Archbishop Nozale ta and many
representatives of furelgn powers attended the
reception,

The function attracted a crowd of 2,000 per-
sons,who thronged toe streets in the vicinity of
tho house where the reception was held. It
was evident from the actions of the crowd and

| the remarks made that a demonstration of

| Chieago in which to establish a factory that |

 

\ cessful lawyer
| Judge ofa county court.

will give omployment to over (00 women alone
The location has not yet been determined, but
there isa strong probability that Benton Har-
bor. Mieh., will be chosen, although the firm

may decide upon Fond Du Lae, Wis, J. V. Fare |

we!! said to-day:

“There are many reasons why we are de-
sirous of removing our shirt, skirt and cloak
factories from Chicago The most important
is the labor question, In Chicago weare never
sure wo can supply our trade, Fach day we
have a strike hanging over our heads. Tf nota
strike, talks of strike, and eniployees cannot
work when their minds are on thoughts of
strikes, whieh are constantly being brought to
the surface, In a smaller city wo would es-
cape all this, as we would be away from the
lahor centre,

“After the labor question comes the question
of fresh air foremployees, Then the question
of the class of employees. In the country

district we can craw upon the farmer's
daighter. She ie strong, healthy and wi ling
to work. Shoe is unaequainted with the ways

of the city, and her time ia given to her work,
not to the outside world. The gril who ts
raised and lives in the city is surely not as
strong, por ean she accomplish the work as

can the girl who has been raised among green |

flalds instead of towering fat buildings

“A. these pointa have been taken into con-
aideration, with the result that we will es-
tablish our factory. not in Chteago, but the
country town. But Lsay again the labor ques-
tions and unions caused us to consider all
these details,”

JUDGE TG

REED IS’ FREE,
Pardoned After Having Once Been Sen-
tenced to Death in Kansas,

Merrosr, Maas,, Jan, 24.—After having been
sentenced to be hanged for murder and serving
several years in the Kansas State Penitentiary,
Judge [suac G. Reed has been restored to his
family here, broken in health, but a free man.
Less than ten years ago Mr, Keed was a suc-
in Wellington, Kan., and a
While pursuing his
profession he became attorney for a real
estate dealer's wife and made somo settle-
menta of property contrary to her husband's
wishes. One day the two men met on the
street and in the scufMfle which followed Reed's
pistol was discharged, killing the real estate
dealer, .

Reed was arrested, and after being tried
three time was convicted of murder inthe first
degree and sentenced to death, the execution
to take place on a day. set by the Governor of
Kansas. Meantime, Reed was confined tn the
penitentiary. The sentehce waa cousidered
unjust and funds were ratged to bring about a
new trin!, but the lawyer engaged to conduct
the ease appropriated the money to his own
use and left Reed in prison. Finally, after ree
maining in confinement for five years Judge

' Reed was pardoned by Gov, Stanley and. re-

| turned here,

 

 

When his health is restored he
intends to resume the practice of law

Judge Reed is a graduate of Yale, class of
eo, and studied Jaw in Boston, He went to
Kansas in 187i).

 

 

TWO MILLIONS FOR A SCHOOL,

 

 

 

To Be Presented to the City of Philadel-
phia by James M. Munyon,

James M, Munyon, who is in New York at
the Waldorf-Astoria for a few days, has re-
cently announced that it is his intention to
preaent to the city of Philadelphia a $2,000,000
industrial school for fatherless and orphaned
girls, Itistobe called the James M. Munyon
College, and a site for it has already been se-
cured near Fairmount Park in Philadelphia.
Thisisa tract of thirty acres of the highest
land there ia nearthe park, [tis the founder's
intention that the building shall be begun
next spring. At present committees of educa-
tora and architects are travelling about the
United States for Mr. Munyon studying the
best methods of school construction

Mr, Munyon said yestertay about his plan
that be intended to make all of the work of the
school strictly practieal-cloakinaking, glove.
making, millinery, shorthand and typewriting,
bookkeeping and every other branch of ine
etruction that will help dependent girls to
earn an honest living, A boy, he says, bas
aomesortof a chance in life if he is leftte
make his way alone, but a girl bas none, He
believes that a millionafre can best enjoy his
money by wateb.ng other people have a good
time with it. “A man’s first daty when he
makes a great deal of money,” says Mr. Mun-

on, “is to take care of his own; his pext duty
xtosee that he does not die rich, Lintend to
make this school the greatest Institution of
the sort in the world.’

RATTLER BITES A LECTURER,

Dr. Kelly of Johns Hopkins Medical School
Hurt but Goes On Talking,

Bartimone, Jun. 28. While Dr. Howard A,
Kelly, professor of gynecology in the Medical
Sehool of the Johns Hopkins University, was
delivering a lecture last night he was bitten on
a finger bya rattlesnake. He sucked out the
polson and then continued his lecture. Upon
perceiving that the fangs of the reptile had
entored his flesh, the doctor cooly remarked to
hia audience:

“It is nothing. gentlemen; itis nothing,” and
sticking the injured finger Into his mouth,
sucked atthe woun! fora moment and then
coutinue! his lecture for an hour, Before
leaving for his home he suid that the porsce
had not taken effect. The doctor nas twice ex-
hibited his pete to the students and has been
bitten several times, but never before by a
rattlesnake.

When Dr Kelly realized that he had been
bitten, he endeavored to appear unvoncerned
but it was clear that, for a time, he was
anxious, When he had finished he suid that
nothing more was to be feared becuse the
poison always takes effect very soon after it
enters the biood, and upto thattime he had
fetno iil effects, He saidthe fact was that the
anake had struck at him before and nad exuded
nearly allofita venom, No bad results oceur-
red to-day.

 

CALIFORNIA'S SENATORIAL CONTEST,
Gov. Gage Calle a Special Session of the
Legislature and Burns May Be Chosen.

SacRaMENToO, Cal,, Jan. 25.—Gov. Gage to-
day issued a cal) for an extra session of the
Legislature for Jan, 2%. The main reasons
given are, first, to electa United States Senator
from California to fill the vacancy due to the
expiration of the term of Stephen M, White,
and, second, to amend the Political Code, giv-
ing Harbor Commissioners control of certain
portions of San Francisco Bay,

At the last regular session of the Legislature
Gov. Gage used all his power to further the
election, 48 Senator, of Daniel M, Burns, 4
pritice. boss to whom he owed Nis nomination,
Phe opposition to Buras was so bitter, how-
ever, that a deadjock continued through the
whole session. Had the Quay case been de-
cided {tn favor of the prpolates Gov, Gage
stood ready to appoint Burns, but the uo-
certainty about Quay led him tocall the extra
pesa@lon.

The best Informed politiciana believe that
parse hassecu A majority of the elghty-five

publicana in open paucys, or the Governor
would not have called the Legislature togetner.
Burns has made a largo fortune in a Mexicano
silver mine, the Candelaria, He is atrongly
opposed by many influential Republican news-
pa

 

 

some kind was anticipated,

The woman prinelpal of the munteinal school
was one of the guests. Bhe started to read a
petition praying for the withdrawal of the
friars fromthe Islands, but Archbishon Cha-
pelle stopped her, saying that that question
would be regulated by the Pope, Gen, Otis and
himself,

This statement caused the crowd to bias, and
there were mang cries of “Out with the friars!”
“Down with Nozaleda!’ and "No friar in any
capacity!"

When Gen, Otis appeared he was grected with
loud and prolonged cheering, though some of
the crowd In the street hissed him, As he left
the reception he was again cheered,

When Archbishop Nozaleda entered his car-
riage to return to his home the crowd, which
had been considerably augmented, hissed him
again and again. Some of the women present
wept upon hearing the insults offered to their
spiritual leader, Archbishop Chapelle, who
accompanied Archbishop Nozaleda, patd no
attention to the mob, who remained yelling
for some time after the church dignitaries had
left.

Public opinion, while regretting the display

of discourtesy, condemns the imprudence of
the clergy in holding sucha reception when
the church question is causing so much agita-
tion among all classes, On Friday next Arch-
bishop Chapelle will hold a private conference
with the Filipino priests,

The city and the ships inthe harbor were
decorated to-day in honor of the King of Spain,
Salutes were fired at noon,

Gen, Otis will extend the time at which na-
tives must retire to their houses from 8:35 to
10 P, M. The inhabitants of the city are jubi-
lant over this concession, as the early closing
of houses, &e,on the hot nights prevailing
here caused muoh discomfort,

HIGH LIVING RUINED HIM,

 

John H. Matdon tn Jail for Issuing Checks
Long After His Money Was Spent,
John H. Maldon, who said that he was an In-
surance man and lived at the Hotel Grenoble,

was a prisoner inthe Jefferson Market police |

court yesterday charged with having swindled
Samuel W. Martin, a restaurant keeeper of
Broadway and Fortieth street, and Frederick
Pitney, proprietor of a livery stable, who had
cashed two checks for $20 each for him. The

hecks were drawn on the Lincoln National
frank. in which, avcording tothe testimony of
Cashier Charles F, Warren, Maldon had not
had any fanda for months

Central office detectives who had arrested
Maldon said that he belonged to a good Ver-
mont family. He was employed as a cierk in
the Grand Central Station tll about nine
months ago, when his father died, leaving a
larwe estate, John H, Maldon's share of it
amounted to more than $20,000, He stopped
work at once, engaged quarters inthe Grenoble
and started outas a “high-flver.”” His family
connections gave him the entrée into good
aoeiety, ant the way in which he lived did the
rest, In sevenor elght months he had spent
his entire legacy, but had become so
accustomed to expensive living that he could
not give itup. Inthat dilemma he continued
to jsaue checks ua if the legacy waa etill in the
bank
friends, who refused to prosecute, but most of
them went to tradesmen and restaurant keen-
ers, The detectives and Cashier Warren eati-
mated that twenty-five worthless checks, vary-
ing in amounts between $20 and $150, had
been passed by Maidon

Maldon sald nothing in court. Magistrate
Hovan held him in $1,000 bail on both charges
for examination to-morrow.

 

The Townsend Driven Ashore but no Lives
Lost—The City of Seattle Damaged.

Seattre, Wash, Jan. 23.—The fate of the
stoumers City of Seattle and Townsend was
ascertained this morning when the steamer
Cottage City arrived from Alaska, On Jan,
14 the City of Seattle was disabled by

losing her propeller off Point — Bridget,
Lyon Canal, between Skagway and Junean,
during the heaviest) storm experienced
in Alaska this season. Three anchors wero
dropped, two of which gave out and. the
vessel rapidly drifted on the rocky coast, A
boat was sent with the first oMcer and a crew
to Juneau, where the Cottage City was lying.
She was atonee sent to the rellef of the dis-
treased steamer, towing her to Juneau, where
she is aafely harbored Passengers and crew
are all safe,

The steamer Townsend, which was in Haines
Mission, was driven on the beach and totally
wreeked, but the crew and passengers escaped,
The Rosalie came to their rescue shortly after
the vessel was driven on the peach. Many. of
them were badly frozen, the thermometer be-
ing below zero. The Rosaile ts expeoted here
to-night with the shipwrecked people. Th
Townsend was owned by Charies Lane anc
others, who lost the Laradeu last fall on St.
Paul Island, Alaska. ‘

 

FOUND DEAD,

Possibility That the Egyptian Fortune
Teller of Coney Island Was Murdered.

The body of Marsey Hashan, an Egyptian
fortune teller, was found in the water at the
pool of Thompson's Walk yesterday morning

\ecording to an examination made by Dr.
John Dieree, it had been in the water only a
shorttime. There was a brnise on the back
ofthe neck The polloe are inelined to be-
lieve that he committed anteide, while his
friends think he met with foul play

Hashan came to this country from Eeypt
severa! years ago and had been employed for
the Inst twosammers at the Streets of Cairo
aud the Streets of Asiaon the jaland, For the
last four months he had been boarding with
Mra John Sheppard, Railtroal avenue and
Weat Second street. On Monday afternoon he
told Mrs Sheppard he was going to Manhat-
tan, an! this was the last seen of him alive.

MARSEY UASHAN

 

PROF, HENRY 4, HAZEN DEAD,

 

The Chief Forecaster Succumbs to the In-
jury Caused by a Bicycle Collision.

WasniInoton, Jan, 23,—Henry A. Hazen,
Chief Forecaster and Professor of Meteorology
at theUnited States Weather Bureau,died at tho
Emergeney Hoepital to-night from the injur-
jes he recetved In a bicycle collision last night,
His akuli was fractured from the base of the
forehead to the medulla oblongata, An opera
tlon was performed, but the patient remained
unconselous until the end.

Runaway Wrecks Gen.

 

Bryce’s Carriage.

A skittish horse drawing a newspaper deliv-
ery Wagon run away at Fourth avenue and
Seventeenth street yesterday afternoon, and
crossing Broadway, collided with Gen. Lioyd
8. Bryce's carriage, The carriage was wrecked
api one ofthe horses injured. The carriage
had just left Mrs, Bryce at the house of @ friend
hen the collision occurred. Gen. Bryce's
footman and coachman escaped Injury. The

runaway Was caught by a Broadway police-
man.

 

~ Save Time and Money.

@ Mow York Central's Empire State Expreva be-
tween ee York aod Buffalo, vir) miles in 4#5 mine
ntes. A t mileage ticket (98.8) i«

°° lon
this tralm, Trains illuminated by Pintech Light.—

Some of the checks were given to |

wae hs

 

A

 

+ ASSOCIATION.

 
 
 

 

Fee Charged in the Settlement of the George
M, Pullman Estate.

Careaoo, Jan. 23.—Robert 'T. Lincotn and
Norman B. Ream, executors of the estate of
the late George M, Pullman, to-day fled their
second additional inventory in the estate, It
consisted of one item, numbero | 245, and was
us follows:

“Union Pacifle, Denver and Gulf Railway Ro-
organization Committee, proportion of fee
service for himself, having attended one meot-
ing, and for Mr, Ream, his successor, fixed at
$20,000, of which Mr, Ream allots one-half to
the estate,”

Probate Court officials who saw the entry
were of the opinion that $10,000 pay for at-
tending a meeting of any kind was remunera-
tion of which few men ever dreamed, Robert
T. Lincoln, when asked concerning the fee,
said:

“This aum is remuneration for work dono by
Mr, Pullman and Mr, Ream as membors of the
Reorganization Committee of the Union Paci-
fle, Denver and Gulf Railway and not simply
for attending one meeting.”

HAD NO MONEY, WANTED 7TO DIE,

Nephew of President Dole of Hawaii Tries
to Kill Himself in Denver.

Denver, Col,, Jan 23.—Guy BR. Dennette,
nephew of President Dole of Hawall, attempted
last night to kill himeelf by slashing his wrist
with a knife. He will probably recover but
amputation may be necessary, Dennette’s
father, now dead, was a member of the faculty
of the University of Colorado at Boulder, The
family is well-known !n New England,

Young Dennette distinguished himself in
school equally for abliity and reckleasnese, He
has been in serious scrapes. Last night he
arrived in Denver after a visit with an uncle in
North Adame, Mags. He had been forced to
leave his trunk in Chicago, and spent his last
cent here foravheap room, Late in the even-
ing he called the landlady, showed her the
blood gushing from his wrist, and told her to
call an oMecer.

Dennette had just come of age, and his guar-
dian expected to make a settlement with him
this week. However, he gave as & reason for

| the attempt at suicide that he had no money,

 

BIG CIRCUS COMBINE,
A Plan to Unite the Sells Brothers, Bailey
and Cole Interests,

CotumBes, Ohio, Jan, 23.—Two unsatisfac-
tory clauses in the agreement contract are all
that stand in the way of a combination of the
large circus interests of the United States, If
these vonteated points are adjusted satisfar-
torily the year 1:02 will see a great circus com.
bine, This statement fs made upon the authority
of Peter Sells. Those interested in the proposed
combination are the Sells Brothers of this city,
James A Bailey, now in Europe with the Bar-
num & Batley cirous, and Cole of New York
ety. Mr. Batley recently made a flying trip to

| this country, when an agreement was drawn

up. The objectionable features provide that
the winter quarters of the show shall be in
Lridgeport, Conn, and that the agraement shall
take effect and bein foree in 1901, Peter Sells
would not, he said, ever consent to leaving
Columbus,

 

$10,000,000 BUSINESS IN ONE DAY,

 

Trade Sales of the American Woolen Com-
pany Were Very Brisk.

The American Woolen Company, popularly
known as the Trust, opened its fall line yester-
day to the trade. As earlyas 7A. M.a large
number of buyers wags on hand, By 10 o'clock
upward of three hundred men were waiting to
place orders, to ba sure of as early delivery as
possible. When the day's salea were footed up
it was found that more than $10,000,000 worth
of business had been booked.

 

ROY'S SECOND MURDER,
Antone Woode, One of the Prisoners Who
Killed a Guard and Facaped tn Colorado,

Denver, Col, Jan. 23.—Antona Woode, a
clever but hopeleasly depraved boy, was one of
the four men who last night killed a guard and
escaped from the Colorado Penitentiary at
Canon City, Itis believed that Woode devised
the plan toescape, Woode ta 17 years old and
was serving a term of twenty-five years fora
murder committed when he was 11 years old.
He committed the crime because his victim
had a bright wateh which the boy coveted. He
was guiding the hunter to a better hunting

round, and dropping behind, shot him in the

ack, killing him instantly, He then took the
wateh and went home,

Woode writes and composes well. He playa
the violin and had been leading the orchestra
in the penitentiary chapel for the past two

eara, As an artist the boy shows promise,
tie work in oi! and crayon having been pro-
nounced of unusual merit,

 

 

TEXAS RANGERS AT A TRIAD,

 

2,000 Men Expected In a Town Where a
Feud Murder Case Is To Be Heard.

Austin, Tex., Jan, 23.—Another company of
State Rangers arrived at Bastrop to-day
to be present at the trial of the men chare-
ed with the killing of Arthur Burford,

aon of Sheriff Burford, several days ago, dur-
ing the trial of another one the mem)ers of
the noted Colorado county Demoeratie factions.
The feudista to the number of 2,000 men, {t ts
expected, will bein Bastrop to-morrow to at-
tend the trial. More than 1.200 witnesses have
been subpamnaed, Adj.-Gen, Thomas Scurry is
in personal command of the large force of
rangers now there and ever an is disarmed
as ho enters the town All the stores Ip the
town have been forbidden to sell armsandam-
munition to any one during the progress of
the trial,

A large number of killings have already oo-
curred as a result of this feud,

 

ELEVATED CAR RURNS UP,

Motor Car on the Brooklyn-Uniton Road
Set on Fire by Electrio Fuse,

Motor ear 253 of the Brooklyn-Union
Flevated Ratlroad was set on fire at Flatbush
and Atlantic avenues last evening by the
blowing out of afuse., The flremen responded
promptly, but experienced conalderable dim.
culty in getting pear the car,owing to the third
rail, from which the electric power is obtained,
There were few passengers On the car at the
time, and they al! Sought safety in the rear
cars, The motor-car was completely destroyed,
The_flre caused an hour'a delay in travel on
the Fifth Avenue Elevated line,

GEN, BROOKE'S NEXT

The Command of the Department of the
Lakes to Be Offered to Him,

Wasninoton, Jan. 23.—Gen. James RB,
Brooke, unti! recently Governor-General of
Cuba, will. if he desires the post, be put {nm com-

mand of the Department of the Lakes to suc-
coed Gen, Anderson, who retired several days
ago. This aecision Was reached to-day at the
War Department, but It is not known that Gen,
brooke will accept the offer. He is now spend-
ing @ vaeation In the South and is expected in
Washington shortly. A number of years ago
he commanded the same Department

purTy,

 

Ferryboat and Lighter Collide,

The New Jersey Central Railroad ferryboat
Communipaw oo her 6:30 P. M, trip from
L berty street last evening collided with a
lighter onthe New Jersey sideof the river
The lighter keeled over and appeared to be
capsizing, but she righted herself. The ferry-
boat waacrowded with passengers and there
was considerable excitement tor afew minutes,
Little damage, if any, was done to either boat.

 

 

Case of Elephantiaasia at Bellevue,

Machros Bogajin, a Turkish carpenter, living
at 440 West Fortieth street is in Bollevue Hos
pital suffering from elephantiasis, a disease of
the skin that js rare here, though it is common
inthe Faat. The disease causes @ thickening
of the tissue and the patient increases in size
until death Piper. he disease is regarded as
incurable. Thia lathe third case of the kiud
on record at Bellevue,

|

Partly cloudy and much colder to-day; rata
or snow and vam bo-nd.ow,

PRICE TWO CENTS.

$10,000 FOR ATTENDING A MEETING, BR \ \ \

DISPENSING. OIL.

A STREAKED LOT ue”
Mis CHIEF

DEMOCRATE
PIsSITORs,

Calls OF Chicage Platform Men and Thete

Contesting Delegation-Seme Say They
Stands by the Mayor After
Keller's Dinner and Shakes 103 Handa

Won't Come

There was only one barre! visible yeaterday
at Col, William Jennings Beyan’s hewlquartere
!n the Hoffmann House, and that woe the bare
rel of oil thathe brought on from the West to
pour on the troubled waters of the New York
Democracy. If the Colonel had expected te
hear of a barrel of sugar ready for use in the
next Democratic campaign, he must have beeg
very much disappointed, Aga matter of fact,
men who have observed the reception given to
politiclans of natlonal eminence in this city ia
the last score of years thought yesterday that
Col, Bryan must be disappointed, anyhow, bee
cause in the entire listof men who called upoa
him there was hardly the name of a Demos
cratic statesman of note, The Tammany men
were particularly conspicuous by their abe
senca, None of them came near his headquare
ters all day long until late in the afternoon,
when Senator Thomas F, Grady putin an ape
pearance and chatted with him for a little
while,

Col, Bryan had need for his barrel of ofl. The
Democratic Club was split wide open by the
fact that he was to bea guest there; he dee
voted most of the day to conferences with
members of the Chicago platform Demooraoy,
whocan’t stomach Tammany, anid who have
proposed to send a contesting delegation to
the next National Democratic Convention, and
to nominate a full State ticket and Congress
sional candidates in every district next fall,
Col. Bryan sat on the proposition that a cons
testing delegation be aent to the National Cone
vention, The men with whom he has talked
about the situation up the State told him that
the desire for a contesting delegation was cons
fined to a few professional soreheads, who had
no influence worth considering, and that the
only result of a split and a contest would be to

weaken the vote throughout the State
These men advised Col, Bryan to frown
on any efforts to stir up trouble, and

he followed their advice. One of the results of
hia visits will be that Bryan clubs will be
formed wherever hia friends think there is an
opportunity for them to do effective work,
These clubs will work in harmony with the
regular Democratic organizations, and their
sole effort will be to Increase the Democratie
strength, Col. Bryan is convinced, it was de
clared Inst night, that the regular organization
would be with him from now on,

Col. Bryan got up at o'clock inthe morning,
He said he was going tothe dinner which the
Hon, John W. Keller gave in his honor Inst
night, and that he wasn'ta bit frightened bhe-
cause there were going to be thirteen at the
table. Ho sald he was nominated for the Prosi.
deney on a Friday, and wore two opals in bis
shirt. He wasn't superstitious at all, and that
he always ate when he woa hungry, which was
nearly all the time. He hadn't had timeto read
the protest signed by ex-Senator John Fox,
Joho F. Doyle and Robert B, Rooseve't against
the dinner in his honor, He was told that they
quoted him in support of their contention, that
no invitation tasued by the President of the
Democratic Club could be otherwise than aa
official one,

“No, I never said anything of that kind,” said
Col. Bryan, “You remember that that dinner
last year wasapubite banquet, and nota pore
eonal affairat all.”

Col. Bryan ate his breakfast as the guest of
Philo 8. Bennett, tn the eafé of the Hofman
Houae, and about the bour! was gathered @
body of the Chicago platform Democracy,
They were: James K. Brown, President of the
organization; Henry A. Goulden, tts Treas-
urer: De, Georgs W. Thompsen, Chairman of
the jem bored i8 Committee; John 8, Croaby,
who waa candidate for Justice of the Supreme
Courton the Labor ticket last year; Samuel
Seabury, who waa the “Republican” candidate
for Justice of the uty Court last fall; H.C. 5,
Stimson, Edward F, Duno and Loula B, Dare
sons. Col, Bryan did not discuss the political
situation in this city at the breakfast, All the
talk was on the national situation, and Mr.
Bryan said he thought the Chicago platform
would be reaffirmed by the next National Cone
vention, and that pot!-iep erialistic and apti-
trust planks would be ed, Col, Bryan had
had along talk with President Brown of the
Chicago platform Demooracy, previous to the
breakfast, and Mr. Brown said afterward that
in apite of Mr. Bryan's wishes to the contrary
his organization might hold its Stare Convene
tion as planned and send the contesting dele.
gation to the National Convention, and also
nominate a full State ticket,

“Col, Bryan je absolutely neutral in the mat-
ter,” sald Mr. Brown, “Anywa » he gan ¢ Jude
of our local troubles.. We had inteaded to off
the convention early {n March, but the date, o'
course, 18 oybject to change and we shall await
the result of the primaries on March 27, before
wedo anything. We can tell by the result of
the primaries what the regular organization Ine
tendatodo. Even {f they declare for the Chie
cago platform, we shall have no faith in them,
and we willnominate a State Mohes anyway.
If those men who voted for the Republica

Finance bill in Congress an renominated, we
fignt every one of them. But the § te Cone
‘ol. Bryan

vention must decide Svorrtnind.
has his own row to hoe, and he can’t mix up ip
our trouble.” ;

A number of the Chicago platform Demoe
crata gathered outside the entrance to Col,
Bryan’s reception room, apparently muoh dire

usted with his refusal to espeuse thelr cause,
Hhey all said that if it was neceseasy they
would form another Democracy and fight the
regular State organization and the men with
whom they have hitherto been working, Other
members of the party said that the ala gt
ect of their organization waa to elect Col,
$ryan to the Presidency, and they thought it
would be better to conduct themselves in such
away as to bring out the full Democratic vote
of the State ratherthan toaplit it. It may
observed that the men who run the Chi
platform Democracy @re seldom at peace Ww
auybody and that they epio nothing better
than a good fight. Last Friday the organizae
tlon’s State Committee held a meeting in Teue
tonia Assembly Hall and voted to walt on
Bryan officially when he came totown, They
called yesterday afternoon, but the visit was
robbed of {ts official character. The Chicago
platiorm Democrats went to the Colonel's room,

fter he had been to luncheon, and the Hon,

immy Oliver, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Nae
tional Democratic Committee, who is guarding
the Colonel during his stay in. this city, ine
formed him oftheir presence, He suid that he
woul! receive them.

“The members of the delegation will please
step forward,” 4aid Mr. Oliver.

“Oh no, oh no!" aaid Mr. Brown, “this isn’t
adelegation, Weare just calling as individe
uals, We just want to pay our respects to Col,
Bryan.” .

Col. Bryan shook hands with all of them, and
the visit lasted tltteen minutes, ‘These are the
men who were ther Brown, Dr

be
0
th

 

George

 

 

 

   
   

 

 
  

 

W, Thompson, De, George BK. Thompson, Wid,
Gowerer, i J. Mali v8 M. Neale, J F
Hughes, 5 $8. Monand, J.J, MeMillan, Samuel
Everett, Martin Dumary, (2). Gardner, S.J,
Levy, W, J. Mullen, J. livan, Philos. Be

nett, L. 8. Bedfordy all of New York: J,
8. Corbin of Gouverneur, a, I ute
tenber and Joseph Reilly of. Newburgh,
William Brittigan of Quer H. J. Bishop
of palfolk, ee dunn of Binghamton,
ex- Assemblyman FE. L. Ryderof Sing Sing, 1

 
  

 

 

 

 

   

M. Palliser of Westchester, William bk. yan
and James M. Nolan of Rochester, and Calvin
Keach of Troy. [Some of them stay
around all day long. \iter they had gone
away, the Hon, Elliot Danforth, the Hon. Joba
B. Stanehileld, the Hon, Prank Campbell, the
Hon, Thomas I, Gvady ant the Hon, John A,
Mason were © aennd with Col. Bryan for
awhile, They talked about harmony up tha
State, and it is assumed that Col, Bryan offered
them part. of t! ontenuts of his oi] barrel,
After they had gone the Hon, Norman E, Mack

ealled

Col. Jim Jones of the Aquarium had @ tal
with the Colonel about the silver question, ant
told him that there was no chance of success
ns long ashe stuck to the L-to-l tasne,

“Why, Colonel,” said Col, Jones, “if you stick
to that issue, you'll only @et one out of every
sixteen votes cast in New York Srate at the
nextelection ”

Col, Bryan's reply is pot reported

Col. Keyan told the reporters that the reports

of his speech at the dinner given on Tues jay
in his honor by O. H. PB. Belmont did htta ca
dnjustice, because Lbey were incomplete, te
would not tell what he had said, however, and
the only comment he would make was that be
had said nothing that he regretted, and that
he had Jeft unsaid nothing that he wanted
say. Somebody asked Col, Bryan boy
thought the trusty could be cuivud Me

ee

t

‘