oe ee te

EN reer ae

     

t he thought Congress should re.
ot ery corporation doing business
outalde of the tate in which it was organized
to take outa license uniter conditions whieh
would render a monopoly Impossible, and that
these licenses shoud be revoked 44 800P Ae
any of theirconditions were violated, This tlea
the Colonel prom “i vag time oo OH

t he aaid about it yesterday was orely
torathion fxeveral speeches which he has
made Col, ryan «wid

*"Lahould aay that there was avery @o8e8 Pra~
lotion between the Kepublican party and the
trusta, I assume that itiaa marital relation,
because one aapports the other! ,

Mr. Bryan repeate! what be had anid the day
before in reward to the Fillpinos, and added
hat ona reason why the pacification of the
Priipoine Dvands was ditiieult, was because
resident MeKinley'’s proclamation to the
wtives waa so much like that used by Queen
Votorin when she assumed the ttle of Fm-
press of India, that the Filipinos conldin't aoe
apy difference between them. Col, Bryan sald
that he was going to Stamford and New Haven
al lJ o’elock this morning to deliver speeches,
and that he would speak in Jersey City
to-night. Of his talks with various persons in
thia city, he waid:

re have heen explaining to them what I
honwht was right tthe dinner given nz Mr.
Jelmont last night [was introduced as a Pres-
{idantial candidate, [aail that what I wanted
was the accomplishmentof certain prine!ples
which [ belleved would be for the wellare of
the nation, and that my bappiness didn’t de-
pend on office [said the same thing in Baltl-

ore, and | have eallit & great many times

lore,
Amone the Colone!'s other callers yeaterday |

Bernard ©,

ay be -amed the following:
y on Money,

‘Connell, “Distributor of Coin

rusts and Jinperiallsm for the Bast Edward |

Wilde of Glen Ridges, NJ. Francis Harney
eCanleay, who described himself as “with the
orporation attorney of Hoboke ?’ Dr. George
Galvin of the Boston Emergency Hos-
pital: ex-Chatrman James ©, Truman
f Binghamton, twho hepet run the
ryan campaign in this State in TSW;
ustay. Augeratein

ot Washington; L. D.
ayer, William 1D. Marvel, A. J, Boulton, who
elped to get up

 

the Bryan dollar dinner in
pril of fast vear, (. Ho Jones, J. krank snyder,
PR. Dicker, who described himself as a
"Saranton supporter,” and John Clark Ridpath,
the historian, One card which was brought to
e Colonel's room bore the name oft William D,
pahaw of Macon, Ga. On the back it bore this
message:

“Will be glad to see you only two minntes.”
“Eanseet WILLE

mer “Parnest Willie” came Nicola Gighottl,
rf . Phd. Abraham d’A. Naar, Sergeant at
rms of the New Jersey State Committee;
f, J. Paul, “seientifie aatrOomes +
almist,’ who got un impression of the
lonel's hand; Podewyck Hoornbeek, W. H.
vingston, 8. Oberfeider, Alexander Delmar,
Sdward Speneor Pratt, ey-Consul to Singa-
pore; John Hisley, ex-Minister to Denmark;
ex-Congressman and ex-Mayor W. G, Stal-
necker of Yonkers, ex- Minister Piercy of Tans
nessee, Who ser in Coloinbia; “Mar, Freee
ap, friend of Mr, Sulton" of Nebraska, and
harlea Jameson Alexander, President of the
Bouth Svotlan! Board of Commeree
The Hon. Join W. heller’s private and per-
sonal dinnerto Co! Bryan at the Demooratio
Club bore al) the outward signs of a very
official affair, In view of itthe club rule per-
{tting members toengage tables for dinner
yy telephone was suspended, and Counciiman
eGarry of brook su, Who tried to have one
reserved for himself and a party of
friends found that he couldn't do so, Every
table in the dining room on the third floor, ex.
cept the one reserved for Mr. Keller's party,
was occupied, there being about eighty cub
embers and ther friends eating, When
ryan arrived there were not twenty persons
n the eorrilors and reception room
Mr. Keller's dinner was served at_a table on
he north sijeofthe dining room. There were
lourteen diners instead of thirteen, Maurice F,
olahan having been added to the Het Mr.
elier says Holahan always was on the list but
that he forgot to mention it before, For Alfred
Henry Lewis's name on the list Dr, John B.
Cosby's was substituted Jast night. When Col.
Bryan reached his seat on Mr, Keller's right
ome of the other diners began to clap their
vande, This lasted ony & moment. The
Keller party were seated in this order, begin-
ing at Col, Bryan's right: the Hon, Maurtes F.
folahan, ex-Gov Howg, Judge Jamee_ A.
O'Gorman, the Hon, O. H, PL. Belmont, the Hon,
ye an EK. Mack, the Hon. John Whalen (fagin
r. Keller), Col. Wiliam L. Brown, Dr. J. B.
Cosby, the Hon Andrew Freadman, the Hon,
Bernard J. York, the Hon) Thomas F. Grady,
the, fon. Johy F. Carrol! (at Mr. Keller's left.)
he regular club $1 tate d’hote was
rved. During the dinner Col. Bryan told his
fellow guests that he was tired an hada head-
ache. Politics payed only asmall part in the
conversation
Mayor Van Wvek entere’ the dining room
when the dinner was about half over, He
shook hands with Mr. Keller, who Introduced
him to Col. Bryan. They bad not met before.
After ashort chat the Mayor went to another

 

 

 
   
   

table. After the meal Col, Bryan was es-
corted through the hoose from cellar to
arrest by Mr. Keller. He. said that
he arrangement of the building seemed

eminently suited to the use to whieh It was
ut, Standing before the portrait of the late
v. Flower in the Governor's room Mr, Bryan

ld of his first meeting with Mr. Flower, at

attime lealerof the Democratic delegation

Congress from New York. Mr, Bryan wanted
to get on the Committees on Ways and Means
andasked for Mr. Fiower's support,

“We usually put men from manufacturio
Btates on that commitiee,’ he tod me,” sale
Mr. Bryan. “lL went away at once.”

From the Governors’ room Col. Bryan was
escorted tothe re! parloron the ground floor,
where he held a reception. Mr. Keller stood

the head of the line, with the
ayor between him and Col. Bryan, At
Colonel's left. stool Mr. Carroll and

he
Wr. York. Andy Freedman joined the party
600n after. There were about two hundred
men in theclubthen, out of a membership of
nearly three thousand. ‘The line formed at
the parlor entrance, and as each man ape
roached Mr. Keller he gave his name, and was
ntroducedto Col. Iirvan, who shook hands,
miled and made some remark Havin
en greeted the club members packe
themselves in the back of the parlor
and = atayed there until the veremony
was over, No one called for a speech, nor was
there any applause. [nm all, 193 men were tue
troduce{ to Col Bryan. After this was over
he aat down on one othe red plush sofas fora
while and chatted with Senator Grady, At lu
O'clock he went back to the Hoffman House
and went to bed.

THE COLD SHOULDER,

Businent Democrats Who Conldn’t Be Here
to Meet Bryan,

In the gathering of Demucratsa at the Hoff-

man House yesterday wero a few who did not

follow the fortunes o! P'rvan in 186 and who
repudiated the Chicago platform of that
year and who wil! do so again this
year, These Demoerats looked at the

coterie of Bryanite followers and then recalled
that since Mr. Bryan's entry into New York city
pot one of the crest leadersiof the party had
called upon him The Hon. Wiliam C, Whit-
ney, who organized the County Detaoeracy over
twenty veors ago, and who was a powerful
factor in the Democratic polities of the State

up to 18%), was down Florida way. Mr, Whit-
ney left town on Friday last. The Hon, David
B. Bill, who was elected Lienten-
ant-Governor of the State at the time
Grover (Cleveland was elected Governor,
and who wis twiee Governor of the

Btate, and then six years United States Sena-
tor, has remained in Aloany. Mr. Hill was one
ofthe most brilliant of Samuel J. Tilden’s lieu-
tenanta. The Hon. Edward Murphy, Jr, who,
as chairman of the Democratic State Commit.
tee, conducted many yictorions battles, and
who was the friend of Dantel Manning and Mr,
Tilden and all the other ancient war horses of
the Democratic party of the State, and who has
juat completed aterm of six years as United
States Senator, renuined at hie home in Troy.
The Hon. Richard Croker, the great chief-
tain of Tammany Hal!, who succeeded John
Kelly in 1855, was absent in Purope, The Hon,
Daniel Scott Lamont, who received his pollti-
ea! training under Tilden and Manning, was
too buay to visit the Hoffman House. The
Hon. Huch McLaughlin, who has heen
leader of the Kings county Democrats for forty
years, mace it convenient todepart for Florida
the other day

In the throng vesteriny at the Holfinan
House questions were asked as to how many
delegates toa State or a National convention
the Demoerats who conferred with Mer. Bryan
couldelect. What power inthe party organt-
gation of the State did Mi. Pryan's callers
possess’? Have they had any experience in rune
ning campaigns? Are they acquainted with
the politied reasoning aud wishes of the
Democratic voters of the Empire State? These
Were some of the questions hear

It was justsoin Maryland when ex-Senator
Arthur P. Gorman and hie friends did not find
it conventeattoeall upon Mr Bey in. and where
the Democratic Legisiature tabled a resolution
declarng Mr. Bry to be the leader of the
Demovral © party inthe nation

 

BRYtV 1) JiR-EYV TY TO-NTOGNT,

Daly Responsible tor the Visit but) Davis
Will Do What ihe Gon.

The arrangement oy tho reeeption of Ca!
William J Brean in Jersey City this evening
have been completed City Collector Robert

tomake the recep.

athe responsi+

Dawis is ising evers elo
tion a sucerss although he plac

\

     

 

 

    

  
 

bility for Mr. Bry visit og Congressman
Bill Daly.
“The arrangements,” said Mr, Davis, yesters

day, ‘are in charge of Congressman Daly It

NES

wae Congressman Daly who Invited Col. Bryan |

to come ta Jersey City, and the Democratic

County Executive Committees ta now doing all
{tenn to (naure the succes of the ineeting and

|

| to make Mr. Bryan's reception as cordial as |

possible, We certainly expect a larze audience
and the Colonel ean rest assured of a hearty
greeting.”

The meeting willbe held in St, Peter’s Hall in |

York atreet, One hundred avata have been re-
served for ladies and the tleketa for them are
in greatdemand, Col, Bryan will be escorted
from this city by Gongressin an Daly and Cor-
oration Counsel James F. Minturn of Hobo-
en, and ia expected to arrive in Jarsey City
about 6:30, He will be met at the ferry by
Robert Davie and a sub-committees of the ax.
ecutive committee and escorted to the rooms
of the Robert Davia Association in Mercer
street, where a collation will be served, and
Col Bryan will be introduced to as many
prominent Democrats as care to meet him
Col. Bryan and his escort will arrive at
the hall about So'clock. Afterthe nesting they
will return to the Davia Assoctation rooms
where an {nformal raception wil! be held, after
| which Col, Bryan will be escorted back to this
city.

 

ENGLISHMAN DEVOUNCES BOER WAR,

 

Bays Putnre Will Show It to Be the Biggest
Blunder in Britain's History.

At a meeting of the Academy of Political
Science at Columbia University last night the
| subjeot of discussion was “The Present Situa-

tion in the Transvaal.” Those who spoke

were Byndney Brooks of London, John Martin
of London and Thomas G. Shearman of

Brooklyn. Mr. Brooks, who sald he spoke asan

Fnglish taxpayer who had been to the Trans-

vaal with Thomas (, Shearman, warmly up-

held the British cause. He described the Boers
as relics of the seventeenth century who, like
all frontiersmen, had developed a spirit of ine

dependence, a love of solitude and an im-

pationce against any sort of control.

“There is nothing modern about the Boers,”
said Mr. Brooks, “except thetr rifles, which
seem to be particularly up-to-date. They have
tried thelr best to hamper the mining industry
and their Government i#.a Tammany Hail with
Kroger as chief boas and the voters left oat
altowether, If thera hadn't been a single
Englishman in the Transvaal we should have
been justifled in remonstrating, Weare not
fighting for gold any more than America
fought in Cuba for tobacco, I could not see
that war was Inevitable, and I believe with
more tactful diplomacy than Mr, Chamberlain's
it could have been avolded, When the war is
over and the Tranavaal belongs to us the only
freedom we will deprive the Boers of is the
freedom to oppress ua.” :

Mr. Martin, who waa introduced by Preaident
Low as having been a member of the London
County Counell, started tn by trying to refute
every one of his countryman’s arguments. He
suid that England had pledged herself not to
interfere In the internal affairs of the Trans-
vial and was violating that pled, and that the
Outianders were men of no country with a
thirst for gold which would canse them to anit
any place when richer mines were discovered,
The trouble, he said, was all due to the Jamo-
son raid, e

“As an Englishman,” said he, “I assert that
raid was one of the blackast blotson England's
history, Vo this day Englishmen are not aware
of what went on behind the scenes prior to
it, but a good many believe Chamberlain
knew allaboutit. Belore this raid there was
no evidence that the Boers were arming, but
after it they would have been bigger fools than
seventeenth century Puritans lf they had not
done so and tried to step Khodes and
his gang. As an FEnalishman I protest
against this war, undertaken to de-
crease wages and ratse dividends, Some
of the best patriota are conlermning it.
Tt was unnecessary. A little tact, a little
nobility and there would have been none of
thia bloodshed, | am convinced that ten years
henve the people wil! look jpon the war asthe
biggest blunder in England's history, and will
have visited dire vengeance on the head of the
Colonial Secretary from Birmingham.”

Thomas G, Shearman wound up the meet.
ing by denouncing Kroger and praising Knog.
land, which, he sald, was fuhting forthe ria@ht
of all men to the whole earth,

MAS@# MEETING TO CHEER THE BOERS,

Executive Committee of Their Sympathizors
Pians Another Demonstration,

The Executive Committee of citizens of New
York, who desire to aid the unfted republics
of South Africa, met last night at the Morton
House to make arrangemente for the masa
meeting to be held on Monday night at the
Grand Central Palace, The Secretary an-
nounced that among those who had agreed to
act as Vice-Presidents of the meeting were
Mayors MeQuire of Syracuse, Perry of Grand
Rapids, Mich, and Hayes of Paltimore; Con-
gressmen Ridgely of Kansas, vones of Wash-
ington, Lentzof Ohio, Slayden of Texas and
Cooney of Mlasouri, Joachim Elmendorf,
Fdward Lauterbach and Justice Morgan J,
O'Brien,

Kiliaen Van Rensselaer, the Treasurer of the
committee, reported that there was sufficient
money in the treasury to pay the expenses of
the meeting. He expressed a hope thatthe
apeakers would refpain from reference to
political mattera aud express _no sentiments
that would be antagonistic to Eogland. What
the Boers needed was sympathy and aid, he
said, and aggressiveness toward England
would not help thefr cause.

Fx-Judge Van Hoesen said that he had re-
cently had a talk with the Hon, William J
Bryan, who had expressed his xympathy for
the Boers, Col. Bryan, Mr. Van Hoesen said
hattei him he would be unable to attend
the meeting, but would wherever he apoke
make reference to the Hoer cause and
in bis first apeech here in February he would
come out flat-footed for the cause of the Boers,

The Hon. Tim Campbell made a speec! in
which he declared that he was the first Poer
man. He anid that aa far back as last summer
he bad made a speech on the subject, when he
addreased a meeting of Germans at Far Rock.
away

The com mittee of arrangements was author-
ized - hire a band and have the hall dec.
orater

 

TO BE A BOER F LIBUSTIRP

Injunction to Prevent the Steamer Bermuda
From Leaving Philadelphia.

Prrraperprra, Jan, 23.—Judge Pennypacker
in the Courtof Common Pleas to-day granted a
apecial five days’ infunection restraining the
steamer Bermuda from leaving thia port until
controversies that have arisen among the own-
ers be settled. The Bermuda isthe vessel that
was so reraistent in taking filbustering oxpe-
ditions to Cuba during the war of the insar-
genta with Spain, and the real ground for the
application for the present injunction ‘a thar it
{4 thought she {a about to engage in tha busi-
ness of carrying arms, ammunition, &e., that
will ultimately find their way into the Boer rea-
public.

Application for the injunction was made by
George Wharton Pepper representing George
Rh. Gamble of Kingston, Jamaicn, a part owner
inthe veasel, It, ia stated tn the petition that
painsit fears that the vessel which is under

‘nglish registration may engage tn transport-
ing contraband of war to the Boers and so
render him. with the other owners, llable to
punishment by the British Government,

Boer War Troubles the East Side.

The bova stirral un by the Boer war area
making !t lively for pedestrians on the lower
East Side these days, for bricks, barrel staves,
tin cans, stonea nud pebbles from bean shoot-
ers fly inthe streets. as rival juvenile armies
of Boers and British meet. A bigger pitched
battle than usual was on at Madison and
Tackson streets yeaterday afternoon, when the
policeman on post borrowed a coach whip
rom a livery stable an! made na flank move-
ment on the combatants, Hoth sides were
routed, and afterward there wae peace

Excelsior Telephone Telegraph and Sub-
wave Company Incorporated,
Trenton, N.J., Jan 23. —The FExee!sior Tela-
phone, Telegraph and Subways Compony was
incorparated here to-day with an authorized
capital stock of $5,000,000, The company ts
forme! to do a general telenhone and tele.
graph business and to construct unJererounl
conduits in New ¥ elty and elsewhere, The
incorporstors are Richard White, New York;

Jonn Scott and C. N. King, Jorsev City

    

   

Vifty Yeors Married,
NorWAaLk, (onn., Jan, ¥3.—Mr. and Mrs,
William F. Gilbert of Cannon celebrated their

golden wedding at ther home to-day, They

helt an onfortinal reception from 2te & o'eock
P.M, and relatives and friends from Bridge
port, New Hlaveu, Danbury and other places
called on them

|

t

'

'

Brvan to Stop in Stamford,
Sramronn, Conn,, Jan, 24. Willian J. Bryan
is to speak inthe Town Hallhbere at 1 ALM.

to-morrow, He will be the guest of Homer 8.

Cummingsand Wildine at Linden Locke, the
resiiteneo of irs. tn uss lathe ine aw,
Commodore James Do sniith wn iborate
reeeption has been made to receive him
Uryan to Talk for Hancock Post,

Wintleld Seott Haneoek Post, No. 260 G. 4. R.
announced vesterday that Wid. Bryan ia to
deliver an oration jor the benefit of the relief
fund of the post ou Feb. 5, at Carnegie Hall

“TOs Te

|

  

   

NO OPEN DOOR FOR BRYAN,

COLONEL NOT 10 BY ASKED TO BPRAK
47 BROWN UNIVERSITY,

 

 

The Debating Union Gives Up Ite Plan of a
Bryan Meeting—The Students and OM-

clals, Remembering the Andrews Ept-
sode, Put a Pressure on the Union,
Provipence, RL, Jan, 28.—Brown Univer-

sity hurled itself at Bryaniam in 18, when it
called President Elisha Benjamin Andrews to
account for his advocacy of free silver, which
resulted in his resignation and one vear later
his withdrawal from hisofflee, The institution

has again tiened down the froe silverite, The |

Brown University Debating Union has decided
to annul !ts semi-perfected arrangements,
whereby Col, Bryan was to make an address to
the students of the university some time on
next Monday while visiting Providence, Cer-
tain membera of the union have been
very enthusiastic over the proposed plan, but
their ardor has subsided sunddenly, and the
Brown collegians will not, on the campus at
least, be charmed by the cadences of the “Boy
Orator of the Platte.”

Bryan will not visit the university, because
the majority of students and because the
authorfties of the Institution are unwilling to
have the university give the Nebraskan that
sanction which the proposed invitation would
{mply., The sitver element in the student body
argues that Bryan was not to be invited as the
opponent of the gold standard or trusts or ims
perialism, but simply as a distinguished citizen

andorator, But to this it ia replied that Bryea
cannot, and in the puvlic mind would not, be
separated from Bryanism, and so for the
university to approve of his coming would
subject it to justifiable adverse criticism,

That Brown might alienate endowment
funds if she entertained the silver advocate ia
the real fear that wrought the ecanoellation of
the plans for the Bryan speech, ‘This year
Brown is making the effortof her lifeto raise
an endowment adequate for her immediate
and imperative needs, The alumni are syste-
matically at work on # $2,000,000 fund, and
President Faunce is now on @ month's tour
amoug the alumaniin the West stirring up loy-
alty. Atsuch acrisis, when the institution has
justemerged from the troubled times of the
Andrews controversy, for the university to
countenance Bryanism it is thought would be
an ominous stey.

President Faunce has not been here since
the proposition for the Bryan visit was
broached, but he undoubtedly knows the sit-
uation. In bis inaugural address jast October
he vigorously declared that the university ls
nw place for the froth and fury of partisanship,
for it educates by slower and better methods,
The Dean of the University, Prof. Winsiow
Upton, would not assume the responsibility of
giving the Debating Union permission to go
ahead with its Bryan meeting. He referret
the request to the Executive Committee of the
corporation.

The preat majority of the studenta never
favored having Bryan visit the university and
they ars pleased that the Unton has backed
outof the situation, They have severely critl-
oieed the Union for placing the authorities of
the fnstitution in the unpleasant position of
having either tocountenance Bryan by allow.
ing lim to core or to smite him by refusing
periniasion for the meeting.

In either case the President aud corporation
are oper tocriticism, for there are those among
the students and alumni, too, who will raise
theory "Free speech fettered again,” us they
did wheo Dr. Ancrews was muzzled

There are free silverites in college who are
town ght asaailing the authorities of the college
an! of the Debating Union for being cowards,
afraid of frea apeech “Look at Dartmouth
College," they say “Her faculty and atudenta
are not afraid to ask Bryan to address them.”

The mombers of. the Debating Union who
were arranging for Bryan's yiait are Albert L,
Seort, Indian Territory; Edwin Greene,
Newton Centre, Mass, and montorenp Cam-
eron, Providepee. Cameron alone of this oom-
mittee ts a silverite,

 

WHO'LL PAF BRYAN'S FXPENSES?

Lively Debate in Virginia's Senate Over an
Invitation to the Colonel to Speak There,

Rrcumonp, Va, Jan. 23.—A lively debate tn
the Senate to-day grew out of the resolution
recently passed by both branches of the Legtas
Jature extending an invitation to William Jen-
nines Bryan to come to Richmond on his way
to Mississippi and deliver one of his speeches
tothe Legislature. fn the resolution {t was
declared that Bryan isthe greatest living expo-
nent of Jeffersonian Democracy, Those who
were enthusiastic in getting the resolution
through struck aenag, forthe question as to who
ahould pay Bryan's expenses threw cold water
on the invitation, Senator Foster of Norfolk,
made aringing speechin which ha declared
that the State should meet the expenses cheer-
fully, andthe investment would be judicious,
He pleaded loudly for his side ofthe question,
but Senator Keezel of Rockingham declared
the Lewisiature has noright “to use the hard
working farmers’ (@X money Just to bear a
fallow talk,” and while he liked to listen to
Bryan tell what he knew about polities and ex.
ound the issues, he did not believe it was just

take the farmers’ money for this purpose,

Phen somebody draggel in the Joe Bailey
affair, and recalled how hard it was to get the
‘Texas orator’s expenses pald when he came
down from Washington two years ago and
solved all the political problems ior the Vir-
ginia Legislature, There waa a long contro.

ersy Over ths quastion asto who should pay

ailey'sexpenses and the legislators who in-
vited him down here sald it was a shame that
the State would not even pay the orator’s ex-
vanses for such w great exposition of all the
iva issues then agitated, but the Texas
orator’s expenses had to come out of
the pockets of those who got upthe programme
and invited Khir, So to-day after the whole
thing got fresh alring it was seen that the
Repators were greatly in the majority In oppo.
aition to paying Uryan's rallroad mileage and
hotel! billoutof the State treasury and it was
agreed that these expenses would remain @
open question. Those who invited Bryan wil
now have t> make up a littl: purse to entertain
him and pay for his railroad ticket.

 

LIQUOR AT THE RATH HOME,

Comptroller Morgan Thieksa the Veterans
Have Been Getting Too Much Whiskey,
ALBaNy, Jan. 23,—State Comptroller Morgan

has beeu inquiring Into the large amount

of liquors consumed in the hospital
of the Soldiers’ Home at Bath, It appeared
that from three to six times aa much

liquor is consumed there as in the hospitals

connected with other soldiers’ and sailors’
homes throughout the country. Formerly
three barrels a month were called for,

and during five moatha of the past year
two barrels were allowed. The average number
of patients ia 1380. The Comptroller has pre-
pared a table showing how this compares with
other soldiers’ home hospitals, These figures
show the average use of whiskey per paient
monthly 'to be 5 of a Bath, .1& at
Dayton, 25 at M lwat

Inaddition to this whiskey, large quantities
of brandy, sherry, port an! white wines were

  

used mr. Mosher of this city. was
sent to Bath to examine the condition
of the hospital at tha home His

examination covered the month of Decem-
ber, Inst, for whie’ forty-five mations of whtre
key and five gallonsof brandy were allowed,
Tn his report just snbmitted to State Comp-
troller Morgan, he sava:

“Of the forty-five galions of whiskey provided
forthe month, the written orders aad the esti.
mite of issues upon verbal orders account for
only thirty gallons This appears to be sufll-
Sientfor all medic nal purposes.”

Comprtrotler regan conelnudes that Dr,
Burleson. the physician in eharge, not onls
Uses vastly more liquor in’ the hospital
than is used in other hospitals through-
out the eountry, but that his. praserip-
tions account for only two-thirds of the

   

amount received by him, The actual needs of
the hospital, theretore, seam to be thirty gale
lons & month instead of ninety gallons, as
estimated by Dr, Burleson,

‘* Deeds Are Fruits,
Words Are But Leaves.’’

The many wonderful cures effected by
Vood’s Sarsaparilia are the fruits by
awhich it should be judged. These prove
it to be the great, unequalled remedy for
dyspepsia, rheumatism, catarrh and all
other ailments due to impure or impover-
ished blood.

Rheumatism — “ My mother, eighty
years old, has received much benefit from
taking Hood's Sarsaparilla for rheuma-
tism.’* Agnes D. Derby, Jamestown, N, Y.

Catarria—‘’ My dauahter had catarrh
in the head and Hood's Sarsapanilla cured
il.’’ Mrs. Ed. Peterson, Kibbey, Mont.

Jloods

Qa Ee

 

 

 

 
  

nen eT Rk nite

    

THE SUN,

hae, 2 ern
a pn «sla ath ieee

  

   

‘WEDN

SLATER WINS KASILY.

 

Got Plorality Over the Tammany Candi-
‘late for Assembly in the Stat.

The apecial election held yesterday for an
Assemblyman in the Thirty-first Assembly
district because of the sudden death ot Kdward
C, Stone (Tam, Dem), whom the canvassers
had declared elected in November, Was an
easy victory for the Republican condidate.Sam-
| ue! 8, Slater. over the Tammany candidate,

Leon W. Goldrich. Slateris majority ia {04 in
8 total vote of 8.804, as follows:

Klee ton lection
y istrict, Slater, Goldrich,

  

Diatriet, Slater, Goldrich,
Be cecescane BOE AB | BO... .cccere 4 148
2 vee D1 QAR | BR. crceees 197 Mle
Bia ade 14s 22 ‘i iw 104
| 4 120 ih 35 we 206 i
6 dis BOO) BEsiceces wt 78
6 . inv ‘ Ww 4
| 7 164 ne 145
a. 117 . 14s 106
' W.. . 102 ou “1
| 10... » ile 17 vt.
11... 137 . 148 "2
iy liv 11s ve
18.. 10 ly "Oo
14... o 180 wi 77
18... . lee 188 144
1M, vo Da als wT
17 -. 114 seceees DBS 92
38... . 181 ; — ——
lv 167 86 Total,... 4,500 68,005

Slater over Goldrich, 904.

{

Last November more than 11,000 votes were
polled and they were almost equally di-
vided, Stone's alleged plurality being only 62.
Astde from the active interest the Republican
workers took in the special election, there

were other conditions which favored the Re-

publican candidate, The Welde faction which
has felt sore since Isaac A. Hopper won the

Tammany leadership from Welde, stayed

away from the polls in large numbers, and the
vote for Goldrich fell 1,500 below the vote for
Stone, while the Republican vote was only 600
short of the November vote, Welde's own
election district, the Twenty-first, which
at the election in November gave Stone @
majority of 40, returned yesterday a majority
of 15 for Slater, It was aaid thatthe Sagamore
Club, of which Welde and Poter Meyer are the
leaders, kuifed the Democratic candidate yes-
terday unmercifully

When the returns began coming in at the
Central Hepablican Club there was general re-
jolcing r. Slater considered the reault ree
markable In the face of the returns inade tn
Novem ber.

Soon after the result of the election was
kuown Mr. Slater received the following tele-
grams:

Hoy, 8. 8. Starem: Accept my heartiest congratu-
lations on your beautiful votep. =

rON

Hox. 9. ®& Staten: Congratulations, You are @
bully boy, A.C. Davins, Attorney-(teneral,

At 10 o’clock Mr. Slater, Silas C, Croft and a
number of other prominent Kepublicans of the
district were loaded into open carriages at the
district headquarters anda parade was formed,
Tt was led by a fife and drum corpa, and ail the
atock of fireworks that could be found in Hare
lem stores were bought out. The parade went
through nearly every street in the istrict, and
was received with cheers and red fire wherever
itturned. It landed at the clubhouse at about
midvlent, and the joliification there continued
until much later.

GoLDRICK,

 

UN HUNG 10 HAVE A BIG FUNERAL,

Fight Bands and 3,000 Chinamen Expected
to Follow His Body to tho Grave,

The body of Un Hung, a Grand Master of
the Chinese Free Masons, who died in Toronto
last Wednesday, arrived in this city ‘ate yess

| terday afternoon to lie in state in Pei! etreet,
It wil! be buried on Friday afternoon in Ever
greens Cemetery, with elaborate ceremonies,
Extensive preparations are being made for the
funeral. and Tom Lee. the Mayor of Chinatown,
who haa charge of the arrangements, said last
night that it would be attended by the biggest
Mongolian assemblage ever seen in New York,

Un Aung was probably one of the richest
Chinamen in America. He was interested in
several laundry syndicates and other enter-
prises. He was6l yearaold, When the news
of his sudden death of heart disease in Toronto
was received in this city, it caused a great
sensation among the Chinese In New York,
who looked upon him as one of the foremost
members of their race inthis country. Mayor
Tom Lee immediately communicated with the
authorities at Toronto, and requested them to
spare no expense in having the body properly
embalmed and prepared for burial and then to
send it on here.

A Mott etreet undertaker and a Chinese com-
mittee were inthe Grand Central Station yege
terday afternoon when the body arrived. It
was taken tothe uncertaker’s rooms, where it
will remain until Friday morning, It will then
Pe removed to the rooma of the New York

odge of Chinese Free Masons on the oP floor
of the building at 10 Vell street and will lie in
state there un‘il the funeral procession starte,
The lodge roona were decorated yesterday in
honor of Un Hung, but no evidence of mourn-
ing wasdiscernible. The death of eo notable
a personage among tha Chinese ts not looked
upon as an oveasion for sorrow, On the
contrary. it will be the ocvasion
for feasting and the interchange of
congratulations that the deceased has gone to
a better land where such things aa stareh, hot
{rons and loose laundry cheeks do not exist
No, instead of crepe, gay Covors Were to be seen
everywhere in the lodge rooms and members
of the lodge ran about aa if troubled only by an
unusual exuberance of sririta, The arrange-
menta forthe funeral, it was eaid ,would not be

form In Pell street. It fe expected that about
8,000 Chinamen will walk behind the hearse to
the Grand street ferry. Mavor Lee has already
obtained a permit for the parade, Heaald yes-
terday that eight bands of musle would aceom-
pany the marchers to the cemetery. I) ae.
cordance with Chinese custom roast sucking
ples, roast chickens and fruit will be placed on
the grave. Buasinesa will be snapended in
Chinatown and the residents will have a grand
jubilation over Un Hunw’s release trom @ sin-
ful and turbulent world.

EYRE MURDER MYSTERY,

 

Two Men Under Surveillance for the River
Crime Near Chestor, Pa.

Purtapevrparta, Pa, Jan. 23.— Although there
have been no arrests yet in connection withthe
murder of George B. Fyre, Chief Berry of the
Chaster police is convinced that he haa the
men who did the deed under surveillance. It has
been showed that it was ariver man who tied
the knots that bound
also been proved by expert examination
that apots of blood that were in the boat
that was atolen from the Alpha boathouse,
for the theft of which James Pierce {a under
bail, were not as Pierce said spots of duck
blood. but human blood, Further investigation
leads tothe belief that Eyre was not shot bya

person tp hisown boat but in @ boat near it
and ao there are at Jeast two men who will be
ergested, 7

James Price has a brother “Pinney,” who is
at present in Camden, and there are several
persons who say they saw him in Chester the
Ther is
that a sia-

has made

Evre's legs. It has

hia trip.
to-night
brothers

day Fyre went. on
here

story current
Perea

ter of the
a confession implicating her _ brother.
Thia story is that James, on Christmas
went to her house and exhibited @ roll of
money and also offered hera gold watch fora
present which she refuaed, Chief Berry said
to-night that he was ready to make arrests,
but that there was no hurry asthe men could
not escape. The delay is owing toa doubt as
to whether the erm was committed in New
Jersey or Pennsylvania,

STANLUY'S

Gov. WAR ON BUGS,

 

Shows the Matron of the Kansas Insane
Asylum How to Keep the Beds Clean,

Topeka, Kan,, Jan. 23.—Gov, Stanley played
role at the State Insane Asylum
to-day With Mrs. Stanley he made a
tourof the reoms. He found vermin in one
hed and sent the matron after a bottle of bug
potgon. Then with aturvey feather the Gov.
ernor opened war on the bugs, slowing the
matron how to uae the poison, In another
room much dust were found under abed and
Directed by the Chief Ex-
ide awept it up

visit all the

a new

 

behind furniture
ecutive the broom b
Grov

 

Staney'sa determination to

ESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1900.

LLL
- ns —

State institutions and jook under the beds and |

behind the sereens has starced a renovating
crusade in all these plages

ler. MeGiynn’s Sneceasor,

Newsr ron.Jan, 23.—Arehbishop Corrigan has
appointed Father William Livingston, Chap-
jain of the House of the Good Shepherd in Now
York, to suceeadl Dr. Edward Me‘ilynn, rector
of St. Mary’s Church, this city, Two thousand
dollars has been raised here by subserip-
tion to pay the expanses of Dr, Metilynn’s ti.
neas and funeral, The money has been sul.
ser) bod by people of ail denominations,

Cavalry Back from Cuba,

Newpont News, Va., Jan, 2

States Transport Kilpatrick, from Nuevitas

Cuba, arrived here to-day

aboard a squadron of the Eighth Cavalry, com. |

manded by Major William Stanton, 82 enlisted
men, 2commisaioned officers, 1 acting assist.
ant surgeon und 60 horses, They started at
once for Fort Kiley, Kao

| completed until to-morrow,
After services ip the lodge room on the day of
the funeral, Un Hung’s funeral procession will

- oe er ee

 

The United

The K Ipatrick had |

 

 

 

SAMOAN TREATY STAN

THE MOTION TO RECONSIDER BASED
ON FALSE STATEMENTS,

No Intention to Annex the Istand of Tatoita
The Treaty Not Finally Ratified Yet
Because of a Lack of @® Quorum, buat
the Motion to Reconsider is Beaten,

 

 

   

Wasiis roy, Jan, 25.—The vote by whieh |

the Samoan treaty was ratified is not to be re-
considered, Thatmuch was settled in the Sen-
ate to-day In axecutive session although a con-
Clusive vote was not taken. After half an
hour's diseussion the vote on Mr, Jones's mo-
tion to reconsider was taken and resulted
10 to 20, but unfortunately there was no
quoram present,

In the debate Mr, Jones sald that the Demo-
erats had permitted the ratifleation of the
treaty without a roll call under a misappres
hension, Theopponentsof the treaty had been
assured that there would be no change in the
status of affairs on the Island of Tutuila, but
that the relations of the United Statea would
remain just as they were before the dissolu-
tion of the tri-partite agreement under which
the affairs of the Samoan islands had been
controlled by Germany, direat Britain and the
United States. Immediately following that
action, it had bean announced In the
newspapers that the President was pre-
paring to set up a military Government in
the island and place it under the dominion
‘ofthe United States. Already the American
flag had boen run by a naval officer. If the
possession of this island in the South Saas
was to be only another argument for the Re-
publican policy of expansion, then, said Mr.
Jones, Democrats had been misled and they
wanted anether chance to discuss the subject
in their new light.

Mr. Money also spoke at some length about
the policy ofexpansion and declared that he
could not endorse it by either a direct or an ine
directact., It began tolook to him as {f the
treaty partitioning the Samoan Islands was a
part of a well-defined plan to extend the doe.
trine of expansion into the southern seas, and
if that were true he declared his enmity to the
whole proposition

In the argument along this line Mr. Money
was recnforeed by Mr, Ailen who made one of
his characteristic speeches in which he ac-
cused the Republicans of havin taken
Questionable methods in securing the ratiti-
cation of @ treaty which otherwise could
not have received the sanction ofthe Senate,

Mr. Pettigrew referred to the recent coms
plaint of King Mataafa, and said that the Ad-
ministration had been guiity of bad faithin
securing the ratification of the treaty through
misrepresentation and misstatements of facta
and conditions, Ho asked Chairman Davia it
he had any information tending to show that
the Administration was about to establish @
government forthe isiand,

Mr. Davis declared that the speeches made
were based upon f.'se premises and that the
Administration not only had taken no steps to
do what had been charged, but had no tnten-
tion of doing anything ot the kind, “The status
quo in the island will not be changed in
the least,” said Mr. Davie. “Tostead of a di-
vided responsibility there with Great Britain
and Germany having a voice tn the affatra,
those two governments withdraw, and so far
as this one island is concemhed, the United
States assumes all responsibility and be-
comes the guardian and protector of
the island and ita people. Bo far as
the flng ia concerned tt has been flying over the
harborand coaling station for the past ten
years, ‘There iano hing newin that. Taseure
Senatora there is no change inthe status o!
the islandorthe people and there is no jnten-
tion toannex this island or to setup agov-
ernment other than that which {se there and
which belonga to the people of the isiand and
fs of thetr own making.”

Senator Foraker, chairman of the Committee
on Puerto Rico andthe Pacifle Islands, corrob-
orated all that Mr. Davis had said, but deapite
these authorita'!ve statements from the
representatives of the Administration, the
Democrats professed not to. beieve them
and Mr. Jones inaisted upon his motion and
the vote was taken. Undoubtedly the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the treaty was
ratified will be voted down atthe next execu.
tive session at which a quorum Is present,

CONNECTICUT BANKS CLOSED,
Two Private Institutions Ran by R. I. and
R. E. Spencer of Thompsonville Go Down,

New Haven, Conn., Jan. 23.—The doors of
the private banking house of the R. D. and

Robert FE. Spencer Company of Thomp-
sonville, Conn,, were closed to-day, and
a notices put up to the effect that

proceedings had bean begun to adiuille
cate affaira in the Bankruptey Court. The bank
was organized tn September, 1487, under the
name of KR. D. and Robert FE. Spencer Comvaay,
bankers, with an alvertiaed capital of $25,000,
The failure is largely due to heavy withdraw.
ale during the past month, the withdrawals
having amounted to between $8,000 and $10,-
The deposite inthe Thompsonville bank
are estimated at $50,000 or over.

Mr. Speneer, Sr., said to-day that the firm
was not prepared to make a statement at this
time, He would only say tn explanation of
the failure that it was due to unexpectedly
large withdrawals of deposits, The suspen-
sion of the Thompsonville firm has also
resulted in the closing of the doors of the
Robert I. Spencer private bank in the
adjoining village of Hazardville. It is probable
that the closing of the Hazardville bank is
merely @ precautionary measure to avert a
run. This baok was established quite recently
by Robert E, Speneer. junior partner and
cashier in the Thompsonville banking firm.
Mr. Spencer has been Town Clerk and Treas-
erer of Penfle!d for several ycars, and resigned
recently to devote his eutire time to the bank.

Speaking of the Thompsonville bank, Robert

E. Spencer said to-day that the depositors will
realize the Jacwer part of their deposita aa the
firm has some good assets. Hie thought that
the bank would not resume business, The
banks have been doing business in two depart-
mente, They transacted 4 commerelal business
and also conducted & savings department, The
general banking business was patronized by
many buginess men and farmers, and the funds
were aubjrottochecks. The savings depart.
ment Was patronized liberally by the workin,
people of the town. RK. D. Spencer fa the head,
und his son, Robert E, Rpencer, has been
cashier of the Thompsonville institution and
the head of the Hazardville bank,

DR. PIERCES

FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION

O00,

 

@MAHDS®

Weak Women
Strong,
Sick Women
Well.

A TRUE TEMPERANCE [IEDICINE,

Contains no Alcoho!, Opium,
or other Narcotic,

el enna eS

nr ccemieiaiiinibtians

“No Other Whiskey

Can fill the place, as to quality, that

ts
a ( < My

CGS
ACCS TER

betoan Angee Jovy im

OLD CRow
GA, SS judges.

Sour Mash), the spi

FOR SALU BY

oro)
Od rusten of

 

ZOLA ACCUSES GALLIFFET,

 

Suggests That the Minister of War Ordered

Papers Stolen From His House.
Speeial Cable Derpatcr (o Tur SN.
Parts, Jan. 23.—M. Zola in the Aurore to-day
complains of the disappearance from his house
of private documents relating to his father
He suggests that they were removed at the in-
stigation of Gen. de Galliffet, the Minister of
War, and demands that asearch be made for
them atthe War Office.

 

BURIAL OF RUSKIN,

Will Not Be Buried tn Westminster Abbey
Though Permission Was Given.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SN.
Lonpon, Jan, 23,—The Dean of Westminster
has offered toallow John Ruskin's body to be
burried in the Abbey,

Ruskin’s friends have declined to accept the
offer ofa burial! place for him in Westminster
Abbey, as it was his wish to be interred in the
churchyard at Coniston, but amemorial service
will be held in the Abbey on Thursday, the day
of the funeral,

EARLY POLITICS IN ILLINOIS,

The Campaign for Governor—Republican
Candidates Plenty, but Democrats Scarce.
Cuicago, Jan, 22.—The I[linois campaign
for Governor and State officers, and for mem-
bera of the Legislature to elect Senator Cul-
lom’s successor, was opened practically on
Saturday when the official call for the Kepub-
Hiean State Convention was issued at Spring-
fleld, The convention isto bea held at Peoria |
on May 8. On Saturday, also, the Republican
County Committee of Richland county deeided
to hold on Friday next the County Convention,
This is the pioneer County Convention in the |
State; Richland was also the first to holl its
convention in 18i"5,
Apart from the circumstanee that the mu- |
nicipal administration of Chicago is in Demo-
cratic handa, Illinois is now one of the great |
Republican strongholda of the West. Both
United States Senators and fourteen of the |
twenty-two Representatives in Congress are
Republican, as well as the whole State Goy- |
ernment and a large majority of the Legiss |
lature. The Republican pleralities in the last |
|
|
|

three State elections have been as follows:
134,000 tn 1814, 114,000 in TSt8 and 43,000,
or a much reduced vote, in IMO, The pres.
ent Governor, John R. Tanner, succeeded
John P. Altgeld in 18%! after a bitter but un- |
equal contest. The term of the Governor in
Ii!inots is four years; the salary is $6,000 and
usually Illinois Governors are not redlected,
“Joe” Fifer, the last preceding Republican
Governor, was defeated for redlection, and so |
was Altgeld four years later. Governor Tan-
ner, who has incurred the hostility of many
important elements of the Republican party,
announces that he is not a candidate for re-
election. He wants to succeed Shelby M. Cul-
lom in Washington, Senator Cullom’s term
expires on March 4, 141. He has bean tn
publie office at Springfleld or at Washington
almost continuously since 1856, The Senator
is 71 years old, and If retleeted would be nearly
Hat the close of his next term. This, how-
ever, ia not the chief argument used by the
opponents of Mr. Cullom, They say that he
bas been neglectial of the demands of his con-
stituents inthe matter of patronage, that he
has been long onough in office, that Tanner is
amore active politician, and that the “younger
element” in the Republican party should be
better represented than itis at present in party
managemens in Dlinois.

At the recent conference of Republican leade
era at Springfield, held at the invitation of the
Republican State Conimittee, the claims of
three candidates for the lepublican nomina-
tion for Governor this year were considered,
and a fourth has apneared since, The
three are Judge Elbridge G Hanecy of the Cir.
euit Court of Chicago, Congressman Wa ter
Reeves of Streator and Richard Yates of Jack.
sonville. The advocates of thea nomination of
Judge Hanecy base their hopes of his su cess
upon the fact that he will have from present
appearances the solid support of the organiza-
tion In Cook county, which casts 40 per cent,
of the Republican vote of_the State, The

country Republicans of Tilinols, however,
are extremely jealous of their politi.
cal

cline

them by Chicago men.

ia asouthern [linois man from the “poeket,”
and looks tosupport in iis Senatorial aapira-
tions in Chicago from the leaders whe are
backing Judge Haneey. Congressman Leevea,
who {a now serving his third term in Congress,
representa a district in northern Illinois which
ia very stronge!y Republican, while Mr. Yates
haile from Jacksonville, nearthe capital, Tha
fourth can ‘idate to enter the fleld forthe Re-
publican nomination ia County Judge Orrin N,
Carter, a brother of Zina Carter, whose friends
expect that he will apift up tha Cook county
delegation sufficiently to defeat the slate of
those Kepublicans who are committedto Judge
Haneoy’s nomination The most noteworthy
feature of the conteat to date lathe faet that it
is waged with abiding confidence inthe cer-
tainty of enceeas of the Republican ticket to be
nominated In Ilinoia this vear,

While the preliminary canvass for the Re-
publlean nomination is active, the Demoernts
of Hlinois are much depressed over the bleak.
neas of the political outionk for them. It is
diffeultto find any Demoerat willing to be
considered in connection with the party nom-
ination forthe head of theticket this year. It
has been supposed all alone that Mayor
Carter Harrison, whose political career
thus been undeniably sueceasful,
would follow the example of his father,
who was the Demoeratic canitidate for
Governorin LS&4, after having been elected
Mayor ofthe city of Chicago three times. At
the critical moment for open'og the campaign
Carter Harrison has refused toallow his name
to be considered: partly, it is known, under
the advice of friends who fear his defeat, hur
forthe further reason that he asnire« to boa
candidate for Vice-Presitent of the Untied
States on the Democratic tlheket) Fyon when
importuned by acommittes with “Buek" Hone |

|
}
|
}
verogatives and are not) much
to assent to any encroachment. upon
Governor, Tanner
|
far has |
|
|
|
|
|

 

richeen atits head to hayvebisnane considercd
for Governor, he refused and pers sted in his |
refnsal '
The Democratea then turned to the Won, |
Adlai Stevenson of Bloominvton ae an avail. |
able man for such a sacrifice, But Adiat is
equally ob torate, Ho refMises either te inake a
canvass orto allow the useof his namein cone |
nection with the offlee, and declare. that he |
dealresonly toattendto his law business, and,
that the allurermenia of publie life cn Spring. |
Held, even ifatrainable on a Democratic nomi- |
nation for Governor of Iiinois this vear, would
not qustifv him in leaving his Ploemington |
home, Altgeld. who ran a bolting Denne.
vtaticticke. for Mayor of Chiergo ino Aped!. is,
of course, ont of the question, The other
leating Demoerata of Tlinois have either
come superannuated an! foat their pol tien
following or have yoined the gol! wing of the
arty or, 2@ain, are pepugcnant tot he Popul sts
nNany cave, not oneot them is avaldoble. The
Democratic State Committers hae teen called
to meet in Springfleld on Pel O7 to Os the time
and pliee forthe State Convention, which wt!

probably he held inte

nthe month of May
Oppressed with the ‘

Hiffleulty of securing an

eligi! 'e Demoeratio candidate (or Governor the |
Demoeratao’ linea have not heen able to
bring themselves to the consideration of any
Senatorial eandidate in the remote ehanee of
their being able to control the Legislature

 

No Fire Monse in West Ninety-second Street,

Another d-putat on of men and women from
Weat Ninety)-second atroee! walte! upon the
Sinking Fund Comm -sion yesterday to pro-

 

test against the ercetion of a fire house ap-
posite St Agnes’s Chapel in West

seco) | atreet hetween (oo umbys and Amster.
dam avenues, The Mayor said he ware oppoved
toputhoe anengine nonse opposite a ehapel,
The reso ution authorizing the erection of tha
honse on that site was then reseinded, and the

women applauded,

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION
of Rea! Estate News is to be found in any
medium. than that printed in TH® SUN each
day,— Adv. \

=

formula, render cor
Whiskey, and has neber been equailed.

H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N.Y

) their

ing of water, and the James Crow
Npetition useless, It is a straight

ALL FIRST-CLASS DEALERS,

TRUTH ABOUT FILIPINOS,

PROM, WORCESTEK TELLS JUST WHA?
KIND OF SAVAGES THEY ARt,

Collect Human Heads aa Boys Here Collece
Postace Stampsa—-Some Can Count as
High as Twenty, but Not Many—How
Opposition to the Majority Is Treated,

The first annual dinner of the National
Jewellers’ Association and Board of Trade was
given atthe Waldorf-Astoria last night. Ale
though Col, Bryan was not there and not exe
pected, he was not forgotten, Several of the
speakers alludedto him by name and all of
them handled him without gloves, Every mane
tion of the goid standard was applauded, while
the pleas for keeping the Philippines, made
by every one of (he speakers, from the business
man to the preacher, aroused great enthuse
jasm. The men who gave the dinner repree
sent nearly every section of ths country,
They came to New York to attend
the second annua! convention of thelr organte
zation, of which the banquet last night was the
closing event. The dinner was served inthe
grand ballroom. An orchestra of unusual size
furnished! the music and all the first-tier boxes
and many of the boxes on the second were
Hiiled with women,

The President of the organization, A, K,

Sloun of New York, made a short speech 4

 

 

calling the diners to order and thea introduse

Prof. Dean C, Worcester, who Was & Member o
the Philippines Commission, Prof. Worcester
wa» enthusiastically received.

The sentiment to which he was asked to
reapond was “Our Newest Possessions.” He
sud that he bad passed four years in th
Philippines, an’ during that time he ha
studied the tsiands and thetr peoples with aome
care, He said he might be pardoned, theres
fore, for concluding Chat he rather knew somee
thing about what he was talking. Prof. Worcese
ter ssidin part:

“While ] was inthe Philippines I met a few
travellers who were willing to say the natives
were capable of self-government. dont
know where they — travelled, but
they spent much time in the North
ideas of self-government must be
pecuifar, Aa wn instance of tha clvile
izition of many of the tribes, I may tell you
that they take as much interest in making col-
jeetions of human heads, a5 our boys take in
co lecting postage stamps. They have prace

tiesly no marriage law. Their profes.
sors of  mathernatieca, by countin
on their toes, are able to coun

as high astwenty. The average man, however,
ean only countas high as three, If they see
photographs of themselves, they do not recog.
nize the poetured face, They are absolutely
without religion

“They are intolerant of any one who does no
agree with their views, If any Filipino sal
among Filipinos what is eaid against retain-
ing the is ands in our national Congress, the
majority, without ado, would take that man
out and shoot him. That's how they treat
opposition. And cause of that they conclude
that the people in this country who are sup-
porting them must be in the majority. They
cannot understand how persons not in the ma-
jority should be permitted to utter such views
and live,

Prof. Worcester told several stories about Gen.
Lawton, and every mention of his name was
cheered. He said that when Lawton wrote
home that, if he was killed by a Filipino bullet,
he might as we!l be shot by one of his own men,
he wrote what was absolutely true, for the in-
surrection is keptalive by Filipino sympathize:
inthe United States, Prof. Worcester close
hia speech with a toast to the flag: “May it
always «toy wherever it ia rafaed.” The toast
was drunk standing. amid voelferous cheering,

Lieut.-Crov. Woodru? spoke to the toast,
“The America of To-day.” He said:

“'Phis territorial expansion which we have
undertaken Was a_ necessary reault of our
conquest of the Pacifie, Applause and
cries of ‘Right!) The Philippines are ne
further away .rom our wesiern boundary to-
day than was Oregon from the Atlantic as
the tim. ofthe Northweat purchase, Distance
i bow measured in hustling Americ
not by miles, but by hours. When we ask ok
Mexico totake back Texas, when we ask Eng-
land to take back the Northwest Territory,
when weask Russia to take hack the gold flelds
of Alaska, then, and not till then, will we ree
turn to Spain. or anrrender to Aguinaldo
the fertile valleys _of the hilinpines,

Tf Aguinaldo be a Philippine Washington
the men who_astyle him such are Benedicé
Arnolds. The Tories who called Washington
a turneote and ignoramus; the Copper.
heans who called Lincoln a_ bi tohert
ou the men who are to-day calling MeKinley
biunderer. Jefferson didn’t ask permission of
those whodwelt in the land of the Loulatana
purchase what they wanted, but went right
on governing thein from Wasnington and, fgl-

lowing the illustrious example of the Father
of Demooracy, that's what we'll do with the

Philippines,” (Loud cheering,
Jotin 8. Wise spoke on the “Gold Standard.”
The other speakers were: W. H. Mckiroy,
John RK. Van Wormer, and the Rev, Dr, G. 0,
Strobridge.

 

Modern Plumbing.

AN INNOVATION IN FINE PLUMBING.

What can compare to the beautifully
glazed white SOLID PORCELAIN
LAVATORIES, unstainable and with.
out joints—absolute perfection from a@
sanitary and artistic standpoint ?

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS,
84-90 Beekman St.,
103 Fifth Ave,

Fatabtished 1828,

Old-School —
Cabinet Making

has many notable examples in these twe
stores of ours,

There are also Clocks, Pottery and Pice
tures from days of yore, and curious old
Arms and Arms,

The 25th Stret Store contains the greater
number —all Moderately Priced,

Viodern Purnitur.— instock and to order,

Schmitt Brothers,

Cor. 25th St. & 4th Ave, Two
40 East 23d St. Stores.

 

Two 4
Stores. ]

       

Branch Offices of “THE SUN.”

Advertisements and Sabsecriptions may be leftat
the -e offices, where the rates will be the same
a> (hose charged at the mala office,

NEW YORK,

1265 Broadewag.
11) West 125th 90

LONG ISLAND CITY,
21 Borden Av., i N. Dodson,

NEWARK, N. J.,
704 Broad St., P. 8. Sommean

CHICAGO,
308 Stock Pxchange Building, OJ; Bilsem, |

COLORADO SPRINGS,
Hagerman Hloct Ty ds Theva,

 

)

OLD GROW RYE,

occupies, either in fact, or in the estimation of good
The :nethod of manutacture (Hand- Made,

e