MOLINEUX'S EVIDENCE IN,

J E RECORD OF
RECORDER ADMITS THE
HE CORONER'S INQUEST,
\
'
'
|
'

 

are to Hear Argument About tt
That Molineux Did Not
-Crescent Paper—Didn't
secution About Done,

Doesn't €
It Torns Out

Deny Using Three
Remember I Pro
On the trial of Roland B, Molineux for the
murder of Mrs. Katherine J. Adams, Reeorder
Goff admitted yosterday into evidence all that
stimony that Molineux gave at
the Coroner's inquest that Assistant District
sborne wished to put in, The ad-
evidence was preceded by 4
bitter felt on the part of the lawyers, On
Monday aiternoon when the cause closed that
fight had already begun and the Recorder had
declared in so many words that if Molineux
was actually accused of the crime on Feb, 10,
when he was required to testify, then hie tea-
timony taken on Feb, 10 was not admissible
unless before giving It he had boen warned
thatit was bie right to refuse to testify and
that anything that he might say could be used
against him later
At the reopening of the argument yesterday
morning the Reeorder ruled against the de-
fence for the firat half hour and refused abso-
jutely to bear any discussion whatever from
theirside. It wos evident that his mind had
been made up. The continuation of the fight
came over questions asked of Coroner Hart,
wh wasonthestand, about the occurrences
immediately preceding Molineux'’s appear-
ance on the stand atthe inquest, and to the
address of District Attorney Gardiner to the
Coroner's Jury at the conclusion of the in-

part of the te

Attorney O
mission of this

qu

The facts briefly were these: Molineux’s
counsel were notifled that the presence of their
client at the inquest was desired, Suspicion
had at that time bee) directed against him by
anewapapor. His counsel telephoned him to
come into New York and he went to the in-
quest. When he was directed to go onthe
witness stand his counsel! refused to permit
him and the District Attorney directed the
Coroner to compel! him to testify or to commit
him to prison for contempt of court. Mol-

ineux’s counsel said that he certainly
would not go on the © stand unless
he was formally subpeenaed. whereupon
a subpuena was made out on the spot
and served on him and at the same

time the District Attorney advised the Coroner
that if the lawyers interfered they should be
sent to jail for contempt of court. Molineux
went on the stand and testified under these
conditions, At the conclusion of the case Dis-
trict Attorney Gardiner summed uf the evi-
dence, When Cornish was on the stand, the
District Attorney went at him hammer and
tonga, and seemed to show that he believed
Cornish was guilty ofthe murder. In the sum-
ming up the District Attorney declared that he
had done that to throw Molineux off his guard,
and that Molineux was the man who had been
suspected all the time, Molineux’s counsel bDe-

Heved that this assertion of the District Attor-
ney atthe conclusion of the Inquest was proof
that at the time Molineux was forced to testity
he was actually accused of the crime, and the
surpose of putting him on the stand was to get
rom him evidence that might be used against
him. The questions were aimed toward get-
ting out this condition of fucts, but the Re-
corder every time the effort was made, directed
Lawyer Weeks to desist, and declared that he
would nor listen toa word. He would not per-
iit any discussion, and finally he was asked:

“Willyour Honor hear me upon the legal
proposition involved here?”

“fT will not,” said the Recorder.

Q. May wenot submit to your Honor our
propositions in writing? A, No, no, no, you
may not

Many times the defendant's lawyer tried to
ask the witness questions to bring out the
facts stated above, but each time he was
blocked. At last all the legal points had been
exhausted, and the Recorder decided that the
testimony of Molinenx given at the inquest
shouldcome in, The reading of it was begun
It has al! been printed before. The reading of
it ocoupied the lust half of the morning session
and the entire afternoon session, It was con-
cluded just before court adjourned for the

day

Shere is a differance of opinion_as tothe
value of thistastimony in thie case. The pros.
ecution insists that it ia of very great value to
it, that it shows a motive for the killing of
Barnet and that it shows lasting hatred of
Cornish. Molineux’s friends insist that it does
neither of these and that it proves that
Molineux on the stand before the Coroner was
a splendid witness for himaelf, was straight-
forward, to dall he knew and showed his de-
sire to do anything that he could to aid in the
discovery of the person who sent the poison to
Cornish and the person who sent the poison to
Barnet. There is this to be said: It was
agreed by the folka at this trial who have
heard ali the teatim ny given, that in no par-
ticular did the testunony contradict anything
that vad been said by the defence since this
trial began. The only apparent contradiction
was over the thrae-crescent robin'’s-egg-blue
paper. Jt bal been asserted positively by the

rosecution that Molineux had sworn at the
nquest that he had never seen any such
yaper and had never usec any such paper,

ut when the testimony was read it was found
hat Molineux hd said he “did not remem-

r’ ever having used that paper and he “did
not recollect” ever having seen any blue naper
with three crescents jitertwined,

In the testimony Molineux asserted that he
and Barnet were warm personal friends up to
the day of Barnet’s death. He asserted that
Blanche Cheseborough, now his wife, and Bar-

et, were friendly, that hw called on her with

arnet and that Barnet called on her with

im. When Barnet was sick he had her send

arnet flowers and a note which is the founda.
tion of the assertion of the prosecution that

folineux was jealous of Barnet's attentions to
lanche Cheseborough.

As court adjourned, Mr. Osborne declared for
the Alteenth time that the ca-« wae practically
finished, and said that he would require less
than ahalfan hourthis morning to finish up,
Thia was an assurance he gave to the counsel
fr the defence

The case wil! be continued this morning at
half past 10.

MUST PAY FOR FIREMAN’S INJURIES,

Bakery Manager Held Responsible Be-
cause His Driver Got In Tender’s Way,

While on the way toa fire at Second avenue
and Thirty-first street, on Oct. 27, the hose
cart attached to Engine 21 ran into an elevated
railroad pillarat Thirty-fourth street and sev-
eral firemen were so badly injured that they
wore taken to Bellevue Hospital for treatment.
Aasistant Foreman John P. Howe, one
of the injured, brought suit in the
Yorkville municipal court yesterday for
$250 against Adam Lletcher, manager of
the Bakers’ aod Consumers’ Yeast Company,
on the ground that the accident was
due to the carelessness ofadriver in bis em-
ploy. Howe and the other firemen were on the
Diese cart, which was following the engine,
liowe asserte! ‘hat asthe cart was about to
cross Thirty-fourth street a covered wagon
velonging to the Yeast Company, in charge of
aman named Eckels, crossed the avenue from
the east side direetly in front of the cart. The
driver was looking down the avenue at the
engine, Which had just passed, paying no at-
tention to the approaching tender, and Driver
Goss, in pulling his horses to one side to avoid
running into the wagon, ran the hose cart into
the elevated pillar.

Ex-Chief [lugh Bonner of the Fire Depart-
ment was called as an expert witness for the
plaintifl. as the action was considered a test
case sotar asthe otherinjured firemen. were
concerned, Mr. Bonnersaid that the drivers
of fire apparatus were 80 accustomed to having
narrow. escapes from collin ons while on the
way to fires that hey never losttheir equanim-
ity and could avoidan obstacle if it were poa-

ible todoso. From th: avidence he thought
Kekels waa to blame forthe acetdent,

Counsel for the defendant declared that the
Court did not have any jurisdiction in the
matter, as Mr. Pletcher was not a resident of
this city and did not pay taxes here Ho
lives in New Jersey and pays taxes tn that

State.
“I do not agree with you,’ sald Juatica
Joseph. “There are many men who do busi-

pens in thiacity ang avoid paying taxes here,
jut they eannot escape their responsibilities
here because they live in another State,”

The Justice gave judgment for the plaintiff
with costs

secssceammteieneminsasne=-sceeanaieaneane pai aaiaaiiaesni ee ieaansaarieta tater einceiieiainatadam cata aniiiaveass caine isimsisi attain teeiinennaemnimmaenianseaeatiaD

Partners at Odds,

Ignatz Nichthauser, furrier at 32 West
Houston street, has tiled a petition to have
his firm, composed of himself and Abraham
Vorzimmer, declared bankrupt. The firm's
liabilities are 3,071, and he alleges that Mr.
Vorzimmer has liabilities of B50 and refuses
to join on the petition, also thatthe latter has
kept himself concealed apd absent from the
place of business since Jan. 4, and has con-
cealed or remove lor pormitted to be concealed
or removed alarge amount of property be-
longing to the firm

If You Are Pressed for Time

“Want” advertisem oats for THe SUN may bo
‘eft at_any American District or Postal Tele-
Braph Messenger olllce, Charges the same as

t THE SUN Olflve,~Ado J

ce SS

 

GERRY

SOCIETY DECISION,

 

Josephine Shaw Lowell Calls Attention te
Two Grave Aspects of the Case.

Josephine Shaw Lowell has written a letter
to Tue SUN concerning the recent decision of
the Court of Appeals in the case of the State
Board of Charities against the New York
Soclety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil-
dren calling attention to two other aspects of
the case which seem to have received |ittle at+
tention froin the public press. The letter in
part is as follows:

“During the twenty-five years from 1873 to
1808 the only important society, if] remember
rightly, which protested against the right of
the State Board to inspect was the New York
Hospital, and this upon the ground that the
chartor granted by King George ITI. to that
society protected it from inspection by a board
created only by the State of New York. But the
present decision now, after twenty-seven
years, plainly declares that the State Board of
Charities has the powerYto inspect only institu.
tions which recelve ‘public money for use or
distribution as charity,’ and thus all institutions
which do not receive public money are with-
drawn from its supervision, and the dependent
inmates are left without the protection which
the State has aiforded them for more than a
quarter ofa century.

This aspect of the decision, which affecta the
welfare of thousands of dependent and help-
less men, women and children, is certainly im-
portant enough to attract pubdlio attention,
were there no other. There is another aspect
of this decision, however, which is still more
grave, for it tends to undermine reanect forthe
opinion of the majority of the Judges of the
Court af Appeals, and that certainly would be
a public calamity. The law of 1887 establish-
ing the State Board of Charities did provide
that it shonid inspec tonly institutionasireceiving
State aid, but the law of 1873 swept away that
restriction, giving it power, in its discretion,
to inspect others, andarticle VIII, of the Con-
stitution of 1804, with the laws of 1805 (Chap.

771) and of 185 (Chap 546), made It the duty
of the board to inspect all charitable institu.
tions, ior they provided that the State Board of
Charities ‘shall visit and inspect all institu.
tions, societies and associations, whether State,
county, municipal, incorporated or not incor-
porated, private or otherwise, which are of a
charitable, eleemosynary, reformatory or cor-
reotional character or design.’

“Now, In the face of this explicit statement
of the Constitution and the laws that the State
Board of Charities shall visit and inspect all in-
stitutions coming under the above deserip-
tion, Judge O’Brien states, and Judges Parker,
Gray and Bartlett concur, that ‘the powers of
the board over charitable institutions orig!-
nated in the abuses supposed to exist in the
appropriation and expenditure of public money
for charitable purposes,’ and afterelaborating
this view proceeda: ‘The charity with which
the State is concerned * * * consists inthe
distribution of relief or public aid, the fruit of
taxation levied alike upon the willing and the
unwilling. The right of visitation and regula-
tion applies only to those institutions, pudiie
or private, through which the State fulfils this
function. They alone are within the reason of
the law and consequently within its scope and
operation. One of the most familiar rules of
atasutory construction is that general worde
muet be limited tothe particular purpose or end
which the lawmakers had in view, They must
be understood and appifed in the special sense
in which they are used by legislators. What may
be called governmenta) oherity of onarity based
upon public taxation and administered by a
system of statute law, is a very different thing
from the charity that moved the goo! Samar-
itan and prompted the widow's mite, The
power of visitation and regulation applies to
those inatitutiona administering charity of
the former kind, in whole orin part, but not
to those voluntarily engaged jin aome good
work of the latter character. They are left
by the State to manago their own affairs in
thelr own way, or, at all events, are not
within the jurisdiction of the State Board of
Charities. That jurisdiction can then be de-
fined by the appre of a very just and
simple test. the particular tinetitution,
whether public or private, receives public
money for use or distribution aa charity and
not for some other reason and some other pur-
pose that inatitution is subject, to visitation
»y the board, but thie system of State super-
vision does not extend to the efforts of private
benevolence That may flow in various
channels not subject to State regulation, since
the Government isin no way concerned with

t.

“Now the opinion is quite correct so far as
the firat sentence refers to the law of 18687
(chap. 961) establishing the State Board of
Charities. By that law the board was em-
powered to visit and inspect only inatitutions
receiving State aid,’ but what explanation is
there of the fact that the decision is based on
this law, which was in force only five years,
and practically ignores ite amendment twenty-
seven years ago, by the law of 1N74 chap 571)
empowering the board and its commissioners

} to visit all inatitutions ‘receiving State ald or

maintained by municipalities or otherwise.’
and furtner ignores the Constitution of J&iM4
and the laws cf 185 (chap, 771! and of Tt
(chap. 546) making it the duty of the board to
viait all institutions (enumerating even those
not incorporated, which certainly never re-
ceived any State aid.) It is no light matter
that the confidence of the public in the intel-
ligence of the majority of the Julges of its
highest court should be put to such a test.”

 

BULLET FOUND THE WRONG BILLET,

 

Ankle of a Passer-by Shattered When Angry
Bootblack Fired Right and Left.

Lorenzo Goebuch, a hootblack living at 26
fecond avenue, who has aetand in front of the
Hamilton House, a resort at Fifteenth street
and Third avenue, fired three shots from a4 re-
volver at two men with whom he had become
angered late yesterday afternoon at Thirty-
third street and Third avenue. None of the
three bullets went where Goebuch intended
them to go, but one of them struck a passer-by,
inflicting an injury from which he will prob-
ably never recover entirely.

The cause of the shooting was a discussion
over a business transaction in John P. MeGole's
saloon at Thirty-third street and Third avenue.
Henry Sanfleld of 1548 Greene avenue, Brook -
lyn, io a bartender at the Hamilton House, A
friend gave him a dog on Sunday, and he left
it at McGole’s saloon iu care of Daniel O'Brien,
the bartender. Yesterday afternoon Sanfleld
sent Goebuch for hia dog. Goebuch had sev-
era! drinks when he reached the saloon, and
when he got ready to take the dog away he
was feeling very happy. O'Brien jokingly told
him to tell Sanfleld that he, O'Brien, could
whip him with one hand, and by the time Goe-
buch returned to Sanfleld with the dog his im-
agination had transformed O'Brien's remarks
into deadly insults. He repeated the remarks
to Sanfleld. and Sanfleld put on his coat and
went to Mecole’s saloon with the bootblack,
There O’Brein repeated what he had sald, and
asserted that he had only been joking.

The bootblack became enraged at the
thought that he had been made a@ fool of, and
he whipped out his revolver and levelled it at
OBrien, Sanflel! shouted to O'Brien to dron,
O’Brien stooped and the bullet went over hie
head into the mirror. The hootblack then
turned on Sanileld. 7

“You make me a foo!, too,” he shouted, and
fred a shot at Santleld, who escaped it by a
headlong plunge out of the door,

The bootblack followed him and fired an-
other shot. The bullet missed again, but
whistled across the street and struck Under-
taker Michael! P. Daly at 832 Kast Twenty-aixth
street. Who was returning from 4 meeting with
some friends, The bullet shattered his ankle
Fle waa taken to Bellevue Hospital, whore it
was said he would be lame for the reat of his
life. Meanwhile Detectives Walsh and Quin-
lan arrested Goebuch and locked him up in
the’ East Thirty-fifth street police station.
Roth Sanfield and Daly appear as complain-
ante against him, |

Ten years ago “Handsome Harry” Cariton
ahot and killed Policeman James Brennan on
the same corner

BLACK CROKEKR A REPUBLICAN?

Chance for Edward E. Lee or the Enrolling
Officers to Do Some Explaining.

In the transcript of the enro|iment books for
the enrollment of the Twenty-second Assem-
bly Distriet for 1800, published in the supple-
ment of the City Record yesterday, Edward

Lee, 154 West Fifty-third street, appears as one
of the Repubiican voters of the district. The
address wiven is that of the Headquarters of
the United Colored Democracy, and the city
directory states that at that address lives Ed-
ward E. Lee, the leader of the colored Demoe-
racy, sometimes called the “Black Croker,”

It was said at the City Hall yesterday that
Kiward F. Lee will be called upon by the
Democratic powers that be to explain this
matter, if he can, If @ satisfactory explana-
tion is not given it was said that Tammany
will call fora new deal with the colored Demo-
ernats of the city

 

 

Manager of Child Acrobatea Fined,

Kozo Okabe of 221 Fast 125th street, the
manager of a Japanese troupe of acrobats,
pleaded guilty in the Special Seasions yester-
day to permitting six children under 16
years of age, who are in his troupe, to give
public performances, and to having taught ana
prepared them for the stage. He was fined $25
on each charge. The fine was small in con-
sideration of the fact that Okabe promised to
send the children back to Japan, They will
wail to-day.

scenester eianiacacsneiniiianenieiaitenaaiiiaaniaania acer nee ESS

THE SUN,

WANTS $25,000 FOR A WIFE.

—__—_————

CAPT. DINSMORE LOST HIS *8UN-
LIGH1"* APTER THREE DAYS,

Accnses Peter Rosenthal of Stealing Her
Afiections and Sues for Damages—Mre,
Divemore Called asa Witness and She
and Her Husband Wrangle tn Court.

A suit of Capt. John Dinsmore of Bayonne,
againat Peter Rosenthal to recover $25,000
for alienating his wife's affections was on trial
yesterday in the Circuit Court, Jorsey City,
before Judge Neviusanda jury. Capt. Dins-
more {# a veteran of the Civil War and wears
Oonspicuously on his breast several medals,
which, he says, were awarded to him for
bravery. Ho commanded a company of the
First Maine Volunteers. He does not remem-
ber the exact date of his birth, but admite
being between 65 and 70 years old. Mrs.
Dinemore is a buxom woman of about thirty.
She ts Capt. Dinsmwore’s third wife, After the
death of his second wife Capt. Dinsmore ad-
vertised for a housekeeper and the present
Mrs. Dinsmore obtained the place. She gave
her name as Rosetta MacPherson, Capt. Dine-
more married her on May 4, 181%, and three
days later she deserted him. He asserts that
she was enticed away by Rosenthal.

“What kind of a housekeeper did she make?”
asked ex-Judge Hudspeth, who represented
the defendant.

“Good, very good indeed,” replied the plain-
tiff, fervently.

In explaining hie inability to remember the
date of his birth Capt. Dinsmore said he had
so much trouble recently and an old musket

wound in bis head pained him so much that
his health was broken and bis memory failing

“Then,” said ex-Judge Hudapeth, “you are
brokea fn health because of your wounds and
not because your wile leit you or Kosenthal
enticed her away.”

“Not exactiy; since my wife left me the
wounds trouble mé more.”

“Then your inind, body and heart are
affected by Rosenthal’s conduct?”

“Yes, when she left me the sunlight went out
of my existence.”’

Mra, Dinsmore was called as a witness forthe
plaintiff. While she was giving her testimony
ex-Judge Hudspeth and Lawyer Anderson, the
plaintiff's counsel, wrangled with each other;
the witness and her husband engaged In heated
arguments, and Judge Nevius was kept busy

wounding bis gavel in efforts to preserve order,

Mrs. Dinsmore testified that she was obliged
to leave her husband three days after her mar-
riage on account of his abugg., She denied that
Rosenthal had enticed heraWay or that she had
any attachment for him.

“Didn't he buy a bed for you?” asked Lawyer
Anderson,

“Never mind who bought it,” replied the
ritness spappishly, “It was paid for, :
ryanne he provide you with a house?”

eR,

“Didn't he pay forthe furniture?” y

“Ves, he engaged me as his housekeeper

Mrs, Dinsmore sald that she was obliged to
accept a place as housekeeper to make a living

“Didn't our husband give you a pair of dia-
mond earrings onthe day of your wedding?”
asked Mr. Anderson.

“Diamond earrings!” exclaimed the witness.
“They were worth about 15 cents.”

“Didn't he give you a gold watch?”

“Cold watch, you mean; tt turned black.”

“Tsay it was a gold watch!’ shouted Capt,
Dinsmore, from his seat.

‘L say it wasn't,” retorted Mra. Dinsmore.

“T say it was!"

“T gay it wasn’t!"

Judge Nevins’s vigorous rapping of his gavel
puta stopto this controversy and Mr, Ander-
son resumed his examination,

“Didn't Capt, Dinsmore give
money?"

“I'd like to seait.”

“Where is the jewelry now?”

“The Lord only knows. When TI left homeI
left everything behind me that was no good.’

“You didn't have time to take the jewelry be-
cause you were in sucha hurry to getto Rosen
thal, isn't thatic?” The question was stricken
out. The witness admitted that Rosenthal was
in Cana ja when she was there and that he hal
lot her at the various houses whero she

ved,

Rosenthal was called in his own behalf. He
denied that he had enticed Mrs. Dinsmore
awayfrom her husband or home. He estab.
lished her as janitor of one of his houses out of
pure sympathy, His wife, he said, accused him
of harboring Mra. Dinsmore and there was
trouble fora time, but he and his wife have bes

’

you $50 in

come reconciled and are now living happily |

together, The witness admitted that during
the time he and his wife were separated Mrs,
Dinsmore kept house for him, The trial will
be continued to-day.

WENT OVER

 

HORSES THE TRESTLE.

 

Wagon With Farm Hand Hangs on the
Edge Ninety Feet Above a Swamp.

Briporport, Conn, Jan. A farm hand
employed by Frank E, Blakeman in Oronoque
had a wild ride early this morning along the
tracks of the Shelton Street Railway behind a
team of runaway horses. The runaways
dashed on a high bridge over a ravine near
Shelton and broke loose from the wagon anid
went off the bridge. They fell a distance
of over ninety feet and were kiiled. The
wagon was caught on the edge of the trestle
and the frightened driver crawled out on the
bridge to a place of safety

Part of Blakeman’s business is pediing
milk. This morning before daylight one of
his men, driving two valuable, spirited young
horses hitched to a covered milk wagon,
started for Shelton, Not far from the high
bridge near Shelton the horses became fright-
ened and begantorun, Thedriver could not
control them, and instead of following the
highway they dashed through an opening and
on the trolley tracks of the Shelton Streat
Lailway ‘Ine and ran along ata furious rate of
speed, It was dark, but the driver in the
closed wagon realized that the horses were
nearing the high bridge and tried his best to
stop them 7

Just before the trest!o is reached there is &
cattle guard and the driver hoped that would
turn them oT, but they crossed it with a bound
drageing the wagon after them, They went

nthe bridge with the speel not slackened.,
The wagon swayed and the oc upant dared not
jump, One of the whee's was canghtin the
tiegor piagking of the bridge and then the
horses slackened spee somewhat. They
quickly pulled the wagon loose and started
again. Some part of the harness had given
way, Along the eide of the trestle isalow
railing. Instead of keeping straight ahead the
horses swerved to one side and dashing over
the railing fell to the swamp below

The fact that some part of che harness had
been broken saved the wagon from going over,
When the horses went over, the wagon struck
the railing. The sudden stop was sufficient to
free the horses and leave it balanced on the
adge ofthe trestle. When the first car from
Khelton came along the wagon was hanled out,
The two horses killed were valued at $600),

on

o>

 

RUN DOWN IN THE DARK,

Horsecar Crushes the Life Out of Henry
Roche in Tenth Street.

Henry Roche. whose Post OMes address was
1306 Bleecker street, was run over by a Central
erosstown horse car atl Fourth and Tenth
streets carly yesterday morning and instantly
killed, John Sheerin of 734 Ninth avenue, the
driver, was placed under nrrest and is now
under parole ponding an inquest,

The car was boun! westward at 5:30 A.M
When neor Tenth street a truck biocked ita

way. Sheerin says that in compliance with
his whistle the truck turned ot? to the
side of the street, and went on its
way The car had not moved five
feet further when there wos a sudden jolt.
Kheerin stopped his horses, called John Me-

Donald, the conductor, and when they looked
under the ear they found Roche's body lying
just behind the front wheels which had passed
overhim, Sheerin thinks the man fell from
the truck.

Lioche’s body was taken to the police station
He made his beadquarters at a lrench res.
taurantat 136 Biescker street and slept at
various French hotela and boar ling houses tn
the neighborhood of Bleecker street, He is
said to have been a real estate agent,

WEST SIDE WOMEN PROSECUTE,
One Saloonkeeper Held on Their Complaint
and Others Threatened,

Mrs, Charles O'Connor Irwin of 120 West
Fighty-fourth street and Mrs. E. P. Ostrom of
2153 Broadway, two members of the Women's
West Side Republican League, who wrote to
the Police Commissioners recently complaining
ofthe “wide open” condition of the West Side,
were in the West Fifty-fourth street police
court yesterday on complaints against Owen
MeCann, proprietor of a Raines Law hotel at
Amaterdam avenue and Ninetieth street, who
had been arrested at their request on the
charge of using his barroom fora dining room
for Sunday trade. :

Mrs Irwin said she had noticed the violation
of the jaw at MeCann’s plage while on her way
to charch on Sundays, Mrs. Ostrom asstred
pagiatrate Mott that the women of the league
had a groatdeal of evidence against other
saloonkeepers in reserve, and that they pro-
posed to continue their fight against lawless-
ness in their part of the city,

McCann was held in $1,000 bail for trial

QUEER TENDERLOIN ARREST

Woman Taken In for Soliciting Pleads That
a Mistake Was Made,

Policeman Binning, one of Capt, Price's
“plain clothes” men, who has remained fn the
Tenderloin after his chief departed to Brooke
lyn, arraigned eight alleged disorderly women
before Magistrate Hogan in the Jefferson
Market police court yesterday, The charges
were the same in every case and 80 was his
testimony. Seven of the women were fined in
in apite of Interesting efforts to redeem them-
solves in the Magistrate's eye, Tho eighth and
last, who gave the name of Loulse Monnal,
spoke in a wholly different tone.

“My arrest is a mistake, or worse than a mis-
take,” she said. “lama respectable woman,
married, and the proprietress of 2 good board.
ing house, at 222 West Forty-olghth street, I

wish, your Honor, that you will eall my hus-
band asa witness, He is now trying to get
bail for ma, but he will be here soon.”

Statements of this kind are heard so often in
court that this woman’s made little impres-
sion, but Magistrate Hogan declared that she
should have every chance to clear herself, und
postponed her case till her husband should ar-
rive. He appeared after a while and said that
he was Eugene L. Mounai; that he had been
murried to the accuse! woman for eight years,

“My wife and [ have been conducting
a perfect! respectable boarding house
at 222 est Forty elghth street for a
year,” ho sald. “Woe occupy the whole
house and hive no servants, so that
we have to work very hard. My wife had not
had a chance to leave the house for three days
when she went out last evening. 1am abso-
lutely convineed that she did nothing wrong
while in the street, She has a good home and
ali she wanta of life's necessities, and T have
never found her inclined to wrong.. The mat-
ter of her arrest is simply inexplicable to me.”

Policeman Binning repeated his former alle-
gations, anc’ added that he had spoken to one
ofthe men stopped ty the prisoner and from
him had received information that confirmed all
hesuspiciona, Magistrate Hogan looked lon
at the policeman, then at the woman, an
finally at the policeman sain,

“Ifthe choice had only been between the po-
liceman’s statement and yours, Madam,” he
sald at last, “Ishould probably have believed
him, Imight have been very wrong in doing
so, but that would have been the unllkeliest
outcome. But now this man comes here and
laces before me_@ lease of the house at 222
Vest Porty-eighth street, showing that he and
you conduct a boarding house there, He tells
me that you are his wife. | think that under
such circumstances you are entitled to the
doubt of which there is always more or less in
acase of this kind, Ido not hesitate to dis-
charge you, knowing that if you are in the
wrong, the offence will soon he repeated.
so, justice will have lost verv little. If. on the
other hand, you are what you say, @ respect-
able woman, agreat wrong has been done to
you and Lam sorry, indecd. that you have been
arrested, You may go now,”

Tho man and woman left tho court room
asones. He refused to vouchsafe any further
information to reporters, saying that he was
looking fora lawyer, not for newspaper noto-
riety,

“T, for my part, hone that you will make the
case public,” the woman said, “It isa too much
ofan outrage. I should not have gone out at
all lastevening had I not hada slight quarrel
with my husband, He left the house and I
went after him to call him back. Iam very
nearsighted and looked closely at al! men I
met, The man whoarrested me came up from
behind, took me by the shoulder and said that
I had to go with him to the station house. [
yrotested, but he only laughed and said, ‘Ob, [
snow you.’”’

 

AFTER TAX COMMISSIONERS,

H. B. Clafiin Company Wants Them Pun-
ished for Contempt of Court,

The H. B. Claflin Company moved before
Justice Andrews of the Supreme Court yester-
day to punish the Tax Commissioners for con-
tempt of court for failing to fle a return tothe
writ the company obtained to review the
assessment on its personal property for last

year, The aasessment was based on a $1 ,000,-
Goo valuation, and the company says its tax.
able property in this State is but about $250,.

OOO, The writ. of certiorar) was sued out
last July, and the Corporation Counsel
got extensions of time up to the close
of the year to file the return, A great
many such writs were issued on allega-
tions mainiy of Inequality and) exceasive-

ness in the tax of last year, and the Corpora.
tion Counsel's office found a great burden in
them, [t was aupposed that the court in Octo.
ber would be loaded with them, but very few of
the writs procured have come up in court yet,
mainly owing to adjournments procured by the
Corporation Counsel

Joho Ciatiio made affidavit that his company
was prejudiced by the delay because they were
unable to pay their tax for last year as it has
not been detinitely fixed. Arepresentative ofthe
Corporation|Counsel’s office told the Judge that
no disreapect to the Court was shown in not
obeying the writ. The Tax Comroissioners had
placed the case in the handsof the Corporation
Counsel, who had many of these cases on his
hands und was wetting the returns in as fast as
hecould. The Court reserved deeision,

COUNCIL WANTS TO KNOW

Why the City Has Not Acquired the Long
Island Water Supply Company.

Councilman Leich introduced a resolution at
yesterday's meeting of the Council, calling
upon the Corporation Counsel and the Comp-

troller to explain why the city has not acquired
the property of the Long Isiand Water supply
Company. The resolution was made a special
order fornext Tuesday. The bonds were au-
thorized by the Municipal Assembly under a
writof mandamus, and the bonds were sold
on Oet, SO, Nevertheless the Long Island
Water Supply Company continucs to sell water
to residents of the Twenty-siath Ward of
Lrook yn.

Held Up by a Robber in Jersey City.

Before the North German Lloyd steamer
Lahn left her pier in Hoboken yesterday morn-
he, a passenger, who said his name was

Gustav Hendricksen of Ohio, informed United
states Marshall Bernhardt that he had been
robbed of $120 in Jersey City. Soon afrer he
arrived in Jersey City early yesterday morn-
ing he went to a saloon near the Pennsylvania
ferry fora drink. When he left the saloon, he
said, aman held himupat the point of a re-
yolver and rifled his trousers pockets, He had
more money which the robber vid not get. He
did not stop to notify the Jersey Cilv police
because, he said, he feared he would miss the
steainer.

Salaries of Police Clerks Advanced,

The wave of salary increases struck tiead-
quarters yesterday, Charles Gott, assistant
bookkeeper in the Treasurer's office, had his
aalary advanced from $2,100 to $2,400 a year.
Arthur Morgan, c'erk in the Auditor’s bureau,
is to met $2,000 instead of $1,500; Grant Cral-
tree. a clerk in the Chief Clerk's office, $
instead of $1,000, and John J. Hawes, Kee
Cierk of Brooklyn Headquarters, $2,100 instead
of $2,000,

  

Her Father Has Little Isabella Hunt,

Isabella Hunt, the ®-year-old girl who dis-
apneared from the home of her grandparents,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Heaves of 2753 West
Broadway, on Monday, is not lost. Her grand-
parents received the following telegrat \ Yes
terday; "“Srapension Bridge, N. Y., Jan. 22.
Toots is saia: [ haveher, Carlos R, Hunt,”
Mr. Huntis the child's father,

Arrested by Mistake,

Joseph R, MeCormick of 218 Fast Sixty-ninth
streot, arrested on Tuesday of last week,
charged with being one of four men who held

up Ignatz Ceamor of Guttenberg, has been
discharged The complainant, on seeing
Mevormick, was Dositive the latter was not
one of his assa'lants

 

Proposed Blackwell's Island Bridge.

A resvlition was again introducad at the
mecting of the Aldermen yesterday to author-
ize the letting of contracts for the proposed
Biack wells [sland bridge to Long Ialand «ity
The resolution Was referred to the Committee
on Bridges and Tunnels and will come up for
a public bearing on Friday afternoon,

HELPS ELECTKICITY,

 

Grape: Nuts Build the Brain that Does
the Planning.

A famous electrical Foote, who
constructed the power electric
plant which supplies Battle Creek, Kalamazoo
and other Michigan elties, says there ia no
food known that will supply him with the
vita ity and mental vigor from breakfast
noon that Grape-Nuts will,

Mr Foote, in conversation, said; “There is
no doubt left fn my mind of these facts, I have
tried all sorts of food and kept track of the
I gain steadily in roserve force when I

eugineer,
5.000-horse

resull4,

uae Grape-Nuts, notwithstanding my occupa | *
| The robbery took place divec.ly in front of the

tion requires long continued and concentrated
brain work. There is noartifieial tstimulont
in Grape-Nuts, Nothing tut the stimulus of
good food that {a scientifically prepared for im-
mediate assimilation into blood and tissue,
especially brain tissue,

Brain workers ean get sure and understand-
able results by using Grape-Nuts,— Adv,

ay

WEDNESDXY, JANUARY

to |

a

24, 1900,

RoYAL

 

aking Powder

Made from most highly refined ingredi-
ents and free from alum and ammonia.

Royal Baking Powder may cost a little
more per can, but it insures perfect,

wholesome food.

In fact, it is more

economical in the end, because it goes
further in leavening and never spoils

the food.

Royal Baking Powder used always in

making the biscuit and cake saves both
health and money.

The low-grade, cheap powders contain alum and
lime, and injuriously affect the stomach and kidneys,

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YOR

 

MEDIUM GOT HER DOLLARS,

Negress Got Him Later-Seance in Which
$13.13 Vanished From the Bible.

Mra. Ellen Grimes of 220 East Fifty-sixth
street, a negress about fifty years old. was the
complainant in the Yorkville police court yea-
terday against a middle-aged negro whom she
charged with the iarceny of $13.13 while pos-
ing as a eriritualistic medium, Mrs. Grimes,
it appears from her story, had been a believer
in spiritualism since she lived on the planta-
tion down in Virginia, and when on Jan. 5a
man called on her and introduced himself as
Prof, Tolemeus Birchellem, a clairvoyant and
wizard, and added that he had been sent by
her friend, Mrs. Mary Phillips of 220 Fast
Seventieth street, to show her his powers, Mrs,
Grimes confessed that she would like to see
the spirit of her father, who died suddenly
several years ago, so that she could ask him
the cause of his death

Nothing was easier toa medium of the pro- |

fessor’s wonderful powers and he proposed
that he give a seunce right then, She asked
how much it would cost and he replied that he
wanted no pay until she had recelved benefit

from his conjuration. hut it was necessary to :

have a Bible. She got one from another room,
and he opened itantealled off the thirteenth
chapter and the thirteenth verse and explained
that they indicated $15.13 to be used as the
tharm to evoke the spirits ot her father and
her brother, She handed him the money and
he pucitin the Bible,

“He shet bis eves an’ groan an’ say he feel de
specruts uh movin’ him,” relate? Mee. Grimes,
“Den he open bis eyes an’ roli dem roun’ an’
wave his arms to de ceilin’ an’ to de flo, an’ say
dat he see de speeruts a-comin’, He oral me
ty clos’ mah eyes ef Ab wanted to see mah fad-
duh, and Ah, dit but Ah didn't see "in."

When she opened her evea she saw the “pro-
fersor” putting the bible on the tabie and he
told her that his clairvoyance had informed
him that the spirits would not come until 8
o'clock at night, but that they would be there
promptly at that hour, In the meantime she
Must not open the Binleor the spell would be
broken and she would not see her father and
brother at all, He put the book on ashelf and
said he was obliged to make another visit, but
he would be back at 8 o'clock, She Lelt so
grateful for the expected sight of her father
that she gave him aten-doilarring she wore
on her finger. and not to be outdone in wener-
osity, he called up the spirits again ood wrote

some numbers on a slip of paper and gave it to |

her, explaining thatthe numbers made up the
“apirit’ gig for policy playing and were sure to
win. He failed to return at S_o'eloek and
though Mrs, Grimes held the Bible in her
hands for two hours, the spirit of her father
did net appear. ‘Then she opened the book and
discovering that there was no mon-y in it con-
cluded that the professor was a fraud,

“Did vou play the policy gig?” usked Magis-
trate Braun,

“Fo' shuah Ah did, sub, Wen Ah lose do
$13.18 Ah ting Ahdoue try fo’ to git it back
fro’ poliey an’ Ah play de speerut gig, but dat
swindiin’ coon done meck a fule o' me an’ Ah
lose mah money.”

She bad been looking forthe man every Cay
since then, Mra, Grimes said, but failed to get
on his track untilshe mec him on Third aye-
nueon Monday, She seized him by the collar,
He tried to break away from her, and the two
wore atrnggling When Detective McLaughlin
of the East Fifty-flrat street station came
along and arrested the man,

“An nevvul aaw de lady beio’ in mah life,
yoan Honah,” protested the prisoner, “un? Ah
ken prose st. Woman, when you grabbed me
by de eoat, didn’t Ah say, ‘Yo miseoustrue de
wrong man’ Didn't Ah say dat’ Tell de
traf, now,”

Yo' did; an' didn't Ah say Ah done git de
ehieken Ah want, fo’ shuah?’ responded Mrs
Grimes

Tie prisoner said his name was William

Reynolds, that he was a horse trainer and
lived at JOL West Tweuty-seventh street,

Mrs. Priliips &5 well as Mrs. Grimes wae
positive (hat he Was tie bogus medium. Mag-
istrate Brann hel! him in $300 for trial.

A PRIZE WALTIZER ARRESTED,

A Runaway Newark Girl and Her Alleged
Abductor Found tn) Brooklyn,

Police Captain Price of the Detective Bureau

in Brooklyn was notifled on Monday that Emma

Selzer, 17 years old, who disappeared from her

home at #2 South Orange street, Newark, N, J,

was supposed to bo hiding in that borough,

and her parents bent an urgent request that
she be found, if pogssible, In a few houra two

NEW SLKSEY LEGISLATURE,

State Comptroller Hancock and State
Treasurer Swain Both io Be Reelected,

TrENTON, N.J., Jan, 23.-The New Jersey
Legislature adjourned to-day until next Mon-
day night. Before adjournment the Senate re-
ceived from Governor Voorhees the nomina-
tion of John Relistab of Trenton for Presiding
Judge of the Mercer county courts, President
Johnson appointed Senators Reed and MeDer-
mott on the joint committee to draft resolu-

tions on the death of John P, Stockton, former |

Attorney General of the State.

The House, before its adjournment, referred
to the Committee on Rules, Attorney-General
Grey’s opinion that the act creating the office
of Supervisor of Billa in the Legislature is un-
conatitutional and void. It was decided to re-
peal the jaw but keep the supervisor in office
Charles H. Foilwell of Burlington wiil be ap.
pointed to have charge of the bills in the
House while Supervisor Salmons’s duties will
be confined tothe Senate. Mr. Abbett offered
A& re-olution providing forthe appointment of

& committee to inquire Into the charges of |
mismanagement at the State Industria! Sehoo! |

for Girls, The resolution waa referred to a
committee and will probably sleep there for-
ever,

The House passed a bill throwing open the
soldiers home at Kearney to disabled veterans
of the Spanish aud Philippine wars, Mr. Benny
of Hudson introduced a bill abolishing capital

upishment and substituting imprisonment
or life for murder in the first degree,
Legislature will hold a joint meeting next
Tuesday when State Comptroller Hancock and

| State Treasurer Swain will be retiected, euch

for aterm of three years,

Fined for Sailing With Sailor Substitutes,

Baitimore, Jav, 23,—Capt. J, A. Amesbury
of the four-masted American ship Roanoke
was fined $100 by Collector Stone this morning
for not having all his crew signed at Liverpool

before the United States Consul, The captain
signed the full crew of twenty-nine men before
the Consul, but when the ship was ready to sail

some of the men failed toappear, and he took |

others in thelr places, It was these substitutes
who were not signed properly, The captain
wae innocent of anyintention to violate the
Tnited States Jaw, and an appeal endorsed by
Colleetor Stone for are ‘uction or remission of
the fine wil be made to the Secretary of the
‘Treasury.

 

Robbers Make Three Raids at Pound Beach.

Gui kNWICH, Conn,, Jan, 23.—RKobbers visited
the Post Office and two railroad stations at
Pound Beach, this town, last night, securing
the tools with which to break in the places
from a neighboring blacksmith shop. In the
Post Office the letters were thrown around
The stacipsand money had been carried home
by the postmaster. At the eastbound station
a bunch of tickets was taken and atin box
which Station Agent Sauty guarded closely was

broken open and several love letters, reminia- |

censes of younger days, was taken. ‘This is

the fourth time these Liaces have been visited |

in a year

Biston Flevated Rathrou! Appointment.
Boston, Jan, 25.—C. 5. Sarg ant ofthe Boston
Elevated Railroad has been promoted to the
oMce of first VieosPresideut. This has been

lone onthe retirement of President Gaston
end the elevation of Gen, W. A. Baneroft. from
the ofice of general managertyo that of Presi-
dent,

New Home for Butchers and Drovers’ Bank,

Tho National Kutchersand Drovers’ Bank
has leased the ground floor of the new build-

ingon the northwest corner of Broadway and |

Third street for a long ‘orm of The
bank recently sold thu builuing:

on the northwest corner of

years

Grand street

| the Bowery,

of Captain Price's men found the irl at ZOSB |

Atlantic avenue, and with her Wiliam D. Pari-
i 25 years old, a prize waltzur, who, it is
alleged, induced her to jeave her a noe and ad
company hin to Brooklyn, Both wore arrested
and arraigned yesterday before
Hrenner Jn the Adams street court. Emma
was tomporarily sent to the House of the trood
Shepherd and Parkinson was held for exauin-
ation on & charge of abduction,

 

 

 

Knocked Down and Kobbed.

jullus Rosen of Weat Fifth street, near
Neptune avenue, Coney Island, was held up
within a few feet of his home and robbed of his
gold wateh and chain and $18 by two men

Magistrate |

shortly before 2 o'clock yesterday morning. |

ison Ele *tric Light Company's povrer house
and it was under the glaro of two electric
lights, It was alan witnessed bytwoof Kosen's
neighbors, but they were threatened with
violence by the highwaymen if they interfered,

neue knocked senselosa with a blunt instrue
1 .

 

Animal pepsin is not to be compared with the veg-
etable pepsin in Johnson's Digestive Tablets,~ddv,

it now occupies |
and |

 

ARTILLERYMAN KILLED BY THE CARS,

Private of the Seventh Artillery, Falls Under
a Freight Train at Bridgeport.

Bripcepvort, Conn,, Jan, 23.—An unidentified
/ man about twenty-five or twenty-seven years
old, dressed in the uniform of a private of Bat-
tery N, Seventh United States Artillery, was
| killed shortly before noon to-day while at-
tempting to board an eastbound freight on the
east side, It is said he was walking the track
with some companions who attempted to dis-
sunde him from attempting to get on the train,
They could not be found later. The man fe!l
under the wheels of the cars. Death was prob-
ably instantaneous. A search of the clothing
revealed nothing which would disclose iden-
tity. He was about 5 feet, 8 to 10 inches tall,
with Habt brown hair, blue eyes, prominent
features and evidently was of Trish descent,
He wore u medal of the Blessed Virgin and oue
of Bt. Joseph.

Atthe United States Army recruiting station
Sergeant Moore, after viewing the body, said
he did not recognize it. Battery N, Seventh
Artillery, isat Port Totten, Willetta Point and
Sergeant Moore will notify the commanding
officer of that postof the occurrence, It is aup-
posed that the man was on furlough, and that
he attempted to beat his way to rejoin his coms
pany

 

OLDERID TO SELL GAS AT 80 CENTS,

| Petition of Haverhill'’s Socialist Mayor for
Cheaper Light Granted,

Havernint, Mass,, Jan, 23.—The Board of
| Gas and Fleetric Light Commissioners to-day
ordered that the Haverhill Gas Company on
and after Feb, 1 shall sell its gas at 0 centea
1,000 feet, The price is now $1. This decision
is taken ona petition presented by the Socialiat,
Mavor Chase, Hearings, most of which wera
heated, have been zoing on for several months,
| The compiny, which has had a monopoly in
Haverhill, has accumulated a surplus of almost
&300,000, This was one of the chief arguments
used forthe change. Part of the local hostility
tothe eoncern was based on the faet that in
last July it ceased to be a local corporation,
having been purchased by what is Known as
the Nevina Svndicate of New Jersey, of which
Thomas Nevinais chief. It was made a new
Massachusetts corporation

 

The,

The Murdered Collector of Gibara,

New Onrans, La,, Jan, 23.—Lieut. Jesse W,
Smith, Collector of the Port of Gibara, Ouba,
who was shot and killed last week bythe editor
ofa Cuban newspaper, was from New Orleans,

ile came here from Rock Falla and went into
business here, He enlisted as a private in

Hood's regiment, the Second Immunes or
United States Volunteers in the war with
Spain and rose to a Heutenanuey, When the

regiment returned tothe United States, Smith
remained behind and was named Collector at
Gibara

 

 

Dreaded an Insane Asylum and Te Missing

Norwatrk, Conn, Jan. 23.—Noclue has as yet
heen obtained to the whereabouts of George
| W. Palmer, a well-known Norwalk man, who
| disappeared two weeks ago. The harbor has
teen d agced in vain, It was discovered to-day
that just before his disappearance he consulted
an attorvey and inquired if he could be placed
inar insane asylum without atrial, [tis now
helevod that Palmer is laboring under the de-
Ingionthat lis family was trying to incarcerate
him inan insane asylum,

Contractor Killed by the Cars,

Norwak, Conn,, Jan, 23.—James Flynn, @
well-known coutractor, was killed here to-day
by the newspaper train on the Danbury Divis-
| ion of the New York, New Haven and Hartford

Hailroad. He was walking the track, and bee
coming confused stepped in tront of, the ap-
proaching train, He was thrown from the
| tracks and died inatantly

 

Md Saratoga

 

Home Life Insurance Building, 256 Broadway, New York,
Sold by ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT.