i
;
f
}

   
 

————_—————————

ROBERTS MAKES TS PLEA.

———

HE ASSURIS HIS nianT 10 A SEAT
Vv THE HOUSE,

A Vigerons Defence of Polygamias Made
by Him Mr. Payler Argues fur Peelu-
sion and Mr. Littletield for Eeaepulsion—
Crowds of Women Listen te the Debate,

Wasninoion, Jan, 23.-The pos ulareinterest
fn the Hoberts case wis niunifested to-day
when the reper! of the committee recommends
{ng that he be finally ex: lnuded from the House
of Representatives was taken up for considera.
thon, The galeries of the House were filed,
and women Jargely predominated, Shirt-
waists of all the hues of the rainbow and oth-
ers were in evidence Notieeabla were two
elderly women whe sat in the front row of the
public gallery and bravely jed the applause
which several times Kr Roberts inthe
course of his remarks, So vo ifewous were
they that the doorkeeper was flnally compelled
to give them personal warning, and aiter that
they contented themselves with giving the
Chautauqua satute-the waving of the hand.
Berchief

Mr. Tayler of Ohio, chatman of the spectal
conmittes that investigated the case, was the
firat speaker, He favored exchision, lie was
followed by Representative Charles EF. Little.
fleld, auceassor to the lute Mur. Dingley, who
believes that Roberts should be seated and
then expelled. He spoke for almost two hours
and was a refreshing revelation to the House,
Following closely the legal lines of argument
he Injected wit, humor, sareasm and philoso-
phy into a close, cogent presentation of the
Constitutional questions involved, He had
much fun with Mr, Tayler’s assertion that
BKtorey was A reporter of other peoples’ views
on the Constitution rather than an original
commentator thereon, fixing him as the Bos-
well of the Constitution,

Mr, Roberts’ appearance was, of course, the
chief event of the afternoon, He wore, 43 on
the opening days, a dark suit, frock coat un-
buttoned, a turned down collar and @ small
black tie. His manner, as then, was bold,
defiant, aggressive. No one on the floor exe
pressed approval or dissent by word or act,
either during the apeech or at its end, Noone
addressed him as he left the floor

The debate was opened by Representative
Tayler of Ohio, who spoke in favor of the reso-
lution declaring Roberts to be ineligible. Mr,
Tayler said that, ifthe Federal Constitution
had explicitly declared that all persons should
be eligible for Representatives 1p Congress, the
Constitution and the Government it sought to
create would not have endured, He thought
the member-elect was clearly barred from any
rights, and he could not have any unless there
were written {n the Constitution a proviso that
no person should be Ineligible, although in
form and act he defied the Constitution and the
laws and dented their validity and supremacy
As to the power of the House to exclude unde-
sirable members, Mr. Tayler asserted that the
overwhelming authority of text-book writers
harmonized with the view taken by the imajor-
itythat the House possessed the right. In
many cases it had excluded members for dis-
loyalty and crime, and Mr, Tayler mentioned
the requirements of the test oath laid down
just after the Civil War which declared a mem-
ber-elect Ineligible toa seat inthe House un
less he subscribed to that oath,

Mr. Taylor gave three reasons why Roberts

should not be permitted to take the oath, The
first was hia open and flagrant violation of the
Edmunds Anti-Pogamy law, which disquali-

 

fled him from holding any offtve under the |

Government, The second was the man’s de-
flant declaration by words and acts that he was
above the law of Congress and of the House it-
self. The third was the violation by the State
of Utah of the understanding when admitted to
the Union that polygamy had been and would
be abolished within its borders. Mr. Tayler
desertbed Mr. Roberts's polygamous acts and
declared that he should be stomped at the bar

Mr. Littleflald of Maine followed with a
speech advocating the minority report which
favors the admission of Mr. Roberts and his ex-
pulsion, He suggested that ifthe House could
add to the list of qualifleations in the Constitu.

tion thata member should not be a polywamist, |

it could make the same rule sto adultery, or
trusta, to the effect that attorneys tor trusts
could not be admitted to membership, and so
ov adinfinitum, Regarding the assertion by
Mr, Tayler that no precedent. existed in the
American Congress against excluding @mem-
ber, Mr. Littlefleld cited the ion of the Ren-
ate in the Stark case in 1862, when Stark was
permitted to take the oath, under a report of
the Judiciary Committee which ceciared him
to be guilty of treason to the Government at
the United States ‘without prejudice to aude
sequent proceedings.” [t Was on all fours with
the Roberts case, he said,

When the Edmunds- Tucker
it affected only a delegate to ¢
not affect # Representative or refer to a
polygamist tn Lowa, Maine or New York, But
now eighteen years afterward it was con-
tended that the law affects the people of the
Btate of Utah, This was denied by Mr. Lit-
tlefleld, for the office of Kepresentative in Con-

reas Was hot an office under the United

tates,

Much amusement was furnished the House
by Mr, Littlelleld in) his diseussion of the
proposition of the majority of the committee
that Roberts’s “election involves a breach of
the compact and understanding by which Utah
was admitted to the Union.” He inautred
where this compact and understanding was to
he found and by what indicated. It was adan-

erous proposition that was thus evolved and
ye supposed it was to be supported by an appeal
to the general welfare clause of the Constitnu
tion tutsuppose, he asked, “that any State
wiall fail to carry out its ‘compact or under-
standing’ to ald the general weltare, shall it be
subjected to the supervisory disciplining con -
trol of the \ nited State af He instances New
Jersey, the home of trusts, and octopuses
which many
of the people. The State is busy organizing
these octopuses which are going up and down
the land seeking whom they shali devour, Is
New Jersey to be deprived of representation on
this floor on this ground’ Laughter

Mr. Littlefleld appealed to tis hearers to de
cide and net upon the in the lightof the
Constitution, aud not to be influenced by
fright or fear The action of the Judiciary
Committee in the ist yngress wpon Gen,
Wheeler's case h { to be signifi: :,
The present Speaker + House as chairman
of that committees had declared that ho wave
of patriotism should. be permitted to influence
Congress to ignore the plain provisions of the
Constitution, That sentence deserved to be
graven with an iron pen in « ite. In con-
clusion, after a recital of the casesof expul-
sion of Members of the House, Mr. Littlefleld
declare! that Roberts was entitled to take the
Ovth and be sworn in as a Representative

Mr. Littletleld spoke for nearly two hours and
as he took his seat he was greeted with a wave
of applause that swept over floor and galleries
alike. Mr, Tayler then endeavored to make an
Htreenent debate at 4:50 POM. on
Thuraday but objection was made upon his
failure to give assurance that this would allow
opportunity to others than members of the

   
   

act waa paased
ongress, It did

 

  

 

   

     
 
 

 

    

 

 

    

 

toelos

 

committee to speak. Then Mr Roberts rose
to speak in his own behalf, He said that he
was in a position to say “a plague
on both your houses.” for the position
of neither majority nor minority suited
him He would like the House to

adopt the argument of the majority against
expulsion and that of the mitnority against
exclusion, not only with regard to what had
been said. but what would be said and done in
the further consideration of — the

(Laughter, Frntering upon the serious
evasion of the matter, be quoted from the °
ings of the committee and asked “If, without a
violation of the Constitution of onr country
you can deny me the right to appear at the bar
of the House, from whieh IT have been im-

chee

     
   

 
 

roperly turned away, and prevent mo from |

elog sworn?

The House, he continued, was subject toa
great temptation at this time to respond to the
opular will without regard to the limitations
Imposed by the Constitution In regar! to
olygamy, he said, it had been conceded by
Father that it was not prohibited by the
Beriptures, and thar it wos a crime merely be-
guse {t was prohibited by law. The people in
Ttah who beiieve in and practised polygamy,
did a0 as @ part of their religion, which they
believed came to them direct from God. | In
that view they bad not, at first, submitted to
the laws aga.nst it, hoping for @ more favora-
ble judgment by the court, and when that
failed, fora reversal, But the reversal did not
come and ths public sentiment became more
extended and hardened Thirteen hundred
Mormons in Utah suffered punishment by the
courts, including the Representative from that
Bate

"They need not have suffered,’
“it they bad but said the word,
ire the Court, a leading jurist of the State
aid. ' This man need not goto jail, if he wi
say he will abandon the Institution.” I
recognize! it as a kindness on his part, but
peenionatels had l done

ke deserting the cause of God.”

 

he wont on,

 
 

 

The expression fell with stortling effect upon

his hearers, the silence on the floor
broken by mingled applause and biases in the
galleries

*J could not be antrue tothat religious con-
vietion which had been instiiled ino me from
boyhood up,” he went on, “And that is the
potve of whatever of lawlessness T may have
ean guilty or”

Mr. Roberts asserted that plural marrisges
had ceased in Utah. The abandonment of the
inatitution of polygamy had meant death to
geome of ita advocates, and the heartaches
Which had attended the proceeding hid caused
many a to hope that the same solutiva of

~-

a5 ces ge

 

believe inimicable tothe welfare |

When [stood |

+o it would have been |

being |

> Me ow owe

 

the problom might come to them. Roberts
denied that he was the representative of the
Mormon Church.

In conclusion, Roberta. sald hefeould be
neither excluded nor expelled without danger
ous action action that threatened: to over

eet ae actacda Redland aie

———

throw the foundation of government, "And |
intend, gentlemen.’ he continued, his voles
rising to ite highest ptehand his whole mans |

ner intense and dramatic to the last degree, as
he «trode upand down the alele, “toeling so
closely to the pillars of liberty that you shall
notdrag me away unless you pullthe pillars
down with me, Under the Constitution you
have neither the power to exclude nor to expe!
Some ofthe papers in discussing this case have
urwed that bles
with shame
the power to brand with shame, and the power:
of this House, great ae itis, does not reach to
thar, If to satisfy sectarian clamor that has
heen raised in this case you send me forth, 1
shall go out with unialteriog tre 1d, head erect,
brow deflant, and walk the streets as the
angels walk the clouds before their God
Mingled applause and hisses [fin violation
ofthe Constitution you should vote to exclude
or expel me, all the shame there 4 in the
transaction will be lelt behind me inthe House
of Representatives.”

Without exhausting the period allotted to
him, Mr. Roberts resigned the floor and the
House adjourned

DEBATE ON THE PHILIPPINES.

Senator Turner Says Submission Should

Come Before Independence,

Wasutnatoy, Jan, 23.-Mr. Turner (Dem.,

Wash) continued in the Senate to-day his
speech on the Philippine question, He eulo-
gized the Boers of South Africa as proving
themselves worthy sona of heroic sires, Had
they lived in that day they might have satin
the councils of William the Silent, or fought in
the ranks of Maurice of Nassau, Now they
were “bravely flghting for their homes and
flresides and for the God-given right to govern
themselves.” They undoubtedly carried with
them in their struggle the profound sympathy
of the American people. In other days that
sympathy would have been xpressed through
governmental channels, “but now,” said Mr.
Turner, “we dare not, The ghovt of liberty
murdered in the Philippines, stands in the
way, Ioan say to them now: ‘Last relic of a
hercie race, hail and farewell.”’ ;

Coming back to. the Philippina question Mr.
Turner advocated the passage of a simple reso-
Jution declaring ft tobe the purpose of the
American peuple to confer independence on the
Philippine Isiands whenever they show them-
selves fit forthatgreat boon, on condition that
they now lay down theirarms and submit to
the United States. —

Mr. Ross, (Rep, Vt.) addressed the Sen-
ate on the resolution offgred by him last week
declaring that the provisions of the Constitu-
tion do not, unaided by act of Congress, extend
over Puerto Rico and the Philippine islands;
advocating the establishment of a separate de-
partment of Government totake charg. of all
outlying dependencies of the United
Rtates, and urging the passage ofa general
Jaw making appointments therein non-political,
Ha closed with the advice to go forward in an
honest, earnest and unselfish desire to estab-
lish the right, in the fearand under the direc-
tion ofthe Supreme Ruler; and said that the
Nation would not, could not, suffer failure,

The resolution went over without action, and
then Mr. McEnery (Dem., La.) addressed the
Senate on Mr. Pritchard's resolution as to tho
suppression of negro franchise in North Caro-
lina aud other Southern States, The solution
of the ae question, he said, was one of the
most serious problems. The State of Louisi-
ana had never uttempted to deprive colored
men of their political rights, but equal soctal
privileges were and always would be denied
them

 

 

PUERTO RICAN BONDS OFFERED,

Bankers Will Try'to Interest American Cap-
italists in the Island,

WasHisaros, Jan, 23,— Ratmondo Valdez and
Nicolaus Oyenguren, representing the Blanca
Territorial y Agricola of Puerto Rico, who have
been in Washington for several days in consul-
tation with Secretary of War Root, will go to
New York to-morrow to try to interest Ameri-
can capitalists in the bonds of their bank, It
is their desire to have these bonds listed on
the New York Stock Exchange and they
take with them letters from prominent ofe-
inia of the Administration supporting their
seheme for the relief of conditions in Puerto

Rico,
The Agricultural Bank of Puerto Rico ia the
only institution of its Kind in the Island, It
was established in 1804 with @ capital of
$2,400,000, Its purpose is) particularly to
| end money on farms, crops or other property,
and its plan for doing this is similar to that of
the Credit Poncier of France. In representa-
tion of these loans the bank issues mortgage
certificates bearing 7 per cent, interest. The
hank hasso far made loans, secured by first
| mortgages, to the extent of $1,200,000, against
which have been issued $080,000 of mortgage
certificutes The last issue amounting to
$40,000, was taken up by the American Colo-
bial Bank at
The purpose of the visit of Mr. Valdez and
Me Oyenguren to Washington waa to explain
to the Secretary of War the advantage which
Puerto Rico would derive from the sale of the
bank bonds to American investors, It is bee
| lieved that the purchase of these bonds inthis
country would grea aid in restoring credit
linthedstand. Mr. Valdez and Mr. Oyengureno
) first try to dispose of $100,000 of these
‘ The money derived from thia sale is to
be reinvested in Puerto Rico,

  

 

 

 

 

PUILIPPINE CASUALTIES,

of Killed and Wounded tn Action
Cabled by Gen, Otta,

Wasnisatos, Jan, 28. —Gen, Otls cabled to
the War Department to-day the following list
of causalties in the Philippines:

“Killed inaction: At Vigan, Luzon, Dee, 4,
Thirty-third Infantry, Company A, Arthur
| Wright; Company EF, Lawrence 1, Spencer,
sergeant: Frederick J. Bell, sergeant; Alenred

Wachs, corporal; Company D, Dave Puckett;
Company f, dames Bonnett, William Branden;

List

|

Company . Norman ry, sergeant Near
Santa Nieholas, Nov, 14, Third Cavalry, Troop
A Irving Ho Valmer, Near Lemeri, Luzon, Jan,

18, Fourth latantry Company, Fy Frank Caer
“Wounded inaction: At Vigan, Deo. 4, Thir-

| ty-third Infantry, games kh, Montgomery, musi-
red

 

cian; Company. A, Loyea, Company
K, Willimm hk. Bostwiek, Company M, John
| Patterson At Tangaden Mountain, Jan. 4,

| Third Cavalry, Troop D, Hubert Mageyv; Troop
kK, Frank J. Kaiser. Near Binan, Jan, 7, Four-
teenth lofantry, William ©, Geiger, First Lieu-
itenant. Near Lemeri, Jan. Is, Forty-sixth
Infantry Company H, William Boese; Jan, 1,
| Company G, Albert Nelson; Company H, John
| Lenehen, Near Santa Tomas, Nov, 1%, Third
Cavalry, Charles J. Grace,’

 

| NO LONGER A FILIPINO ARMY,

Plans to Afford a Period of Recuperation
to Regiments in the Philippines,

WASHINGTON, Jan, 23.—The War Department
officials are making plans for bringing home a
number of regiments from the Philippines,
Puerto Rico and Cuba, It is not intended to
cut down the fighting foreain the Philippines,
but itis realized that some of the regiments
will need recuperating and it is the intention
to bring back early in the spring several of the
regiments that have seen the longest service

inthe islands, and to replace them by organt-
zations that have not seen much active service,

It is anid at the War Department that the
despatches from Gen. Otis show a marked im-
provement in the condition of the eonutry
There isno longer a bilipino army, but only a
} number of bands of robbers with here and
| there a Filipino organization holding some un-

 

 

 

important town, Notwithstanding the com-
plete disintegration of the Filipino army itis
the be {the Seeretary of War that troops
wi]! be noeded in the island for at least another
yen

Gen. Davis bas suggasted to the Secretary fo
War that at least tive hundred troops can be

withdrawn from Puerto Rico at the present
time. (ren, Wood and Gen, James H. Wilson
have recommended the withdrawal of more
| goidiers from Cuba,

TRADE WITH PUERTO

President and Cabinet Anxious
gress Shall Act Soon.

WASHINGTON, There was

FREL RICO,

That Con-

 

Jan, 2 a long

discussion at the mveting of the Cabinet to-
| day regarding the proposed legialation for
+ Puerto Rico, The iresidont and the members

| ofthe Cabinetare still firm in the belief that

   

| industrial and commercial conditions in the

| island would be relieved hy free trade be.

tween Pauerrto Kico andthe United States, and

they are anxious that Congress shall enaet the

desired legislation with t unnecessary

th g. eX:

yaar ain

lt ' at! ‘

by the establishment tree com ‘

lationa with Puesto Liew rot t ing
a delegation of Puerto bicans, beaded Ml

Fintay, representing the sun Juan Poard of

Trafle, n President Mehiniey to pree

    

sent resolutions and memorials ealling for free
' trade between the island and this coucty

| HOTEL AND BOARDING HOUSK
| Accommodations of a desirable character may
|

be found bya reference to Tu 5UN's adver |

tising columns, ~sdde

nt forth from this hall branded |
God has reserved unto himself |

: ACID le
ition at Teachers’ College, ¢ mbia Unie
| versity, New York. He will probabiy assume |
i his newduties in next September, Mr. Dute
ton is a native of Hillsboro, No EL. and is @

|

u v

  

2 ee “oman Pne een RTET ee ee yep etend
mA

MAJORITY AGAINST QUAY.

TWO REPORTS ON HIS TITLE TO A
SEAT IN THE SENATI,

The Committee Divided on the Right of the

Governor to Appoint Him-—Kiuimors That

Democrats Will Vote for Him An At

tempt ino Caucus to Prevent This,

Wasutxaton, Jan, 28.—The reports of the
majority and the minority ofthe Senate Com-
mitteo on Privileges and FBlections on the con.
teat of ex-Senator M. 8, Quay fora seat fn the
Senate by appointment from the Governor of
Pennsylvania, were presented to the Senate
to-day. The majority report Is signed by
Senators Caffery, Pettus, Turley, Harris and
Jurrows, and declares that Mr. Quay is not en-
titled tothe seat, It says that whenever the
Legislature has had a right and an opportunity
to fill a vacaney elther belore or after it
begins. the Executive cannot lawfully appoint
The Constitution provided for every contin-
geney for membership in the Senate, the report
argues, except the sole contingency where the
Legislature failed to perform its sworn duty
Against a contingency of this kind the framors
of the Constitution did not intend to provide,
‘The majority declare that the views expressed
by them have prevailed in the Senate for
seventy-five years and argue that the Senate
for its own honor and dignity should stand by
its previous solemn and deliberate decisions,
They present a resolution excluding Mr,
Quay

The views of the minority, Senators Hoar,
Chandler, Pritchard and MeComas, are in fayor
of Mr. Quay’srighttothe seat. They belleve
that the intent of the framers of the Conatitu-
tion was that for the interest of the State and
ot the whole country the Senate should always
bo full, so far aa they could devise a Constitu-
tional mechanism to accomplish that purpose,

A caucus of the Democratic Senators will be
heid to-morrow and it is understood that be-
sides considering questions touching the reor-
ganization of the Senate, the Financial bill and
other matters of like nature, an effort will be
made to induce the Democrats to vote solidly
against the seating of Mr. Quay, It is current-
ly reported that a disposition has developed
during the past twenty-four houra among some
Senators, and especially those from the South,
to vote for Mr. Quay, This rumor has caused a
feeling of alarm, and in caucus an effort will be
made to whip the bolting Senators back into
line. A Southern Senator said to-night that if
the question of seating Mr. Quay should come
to an early test he was satisfied that Senator
Daniel of Virginia would not be the only
Democrat who would vote with the Republi-
cans; that certain matters had developed
within the past few days which made it a ques-
tion of something more than politics and close
adherence to tha Constitution, Mr, Quay’s
vote on the Force bill was an act which South-

erners should remember and appreciate

Itis said that in addition to attempting to
eolidify the Democratic Senators in opposition
tothe seating of Mr. Quay, the caucus will
make a more or less determined effort to unite
on a policy with regard to legislative matters,
particularly the pending Currency bill, Itiaa
noticeable tact that nobody on the Democratic
side of the chamber has come forward with a
speech of any force or coherency aainat the
Aldrich bill. It ta even a difleult matter to
arrange for opposition apeeches of any kind,
and the debate is dragging along from day to
day in a most perfunctory manner, This un-
satisfactory situation has not escaped the at-
tention of Col, William J. Bryan, and it is
Jearned that one of the chief objects
of his recent visit to Washington
was to urge the Democratic Senators
to gat together as a necessary party move, He
gpent some time iu the marble room of the
Senate and had interviews with the leaders
elsewhere, and it ia hoped by his more sanguine
triends that the result of his missionary work
will be shown by some harimonious action in
to-morrow’s caucus,

EX-CONSUL MACKUM'S STATUS,
He Is Simply a Private Citizen Now and
Has No Official Standing.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 23,--A statement of the
official status of Charles BE, Macrum of Ohio,
formerly United States Consul at Pretoria, and
now on his way to this country, was issued
to-day. It says that he ceased to bean officer
of the Unitea States when he left Pretoria on
Dec, 18, The State Department has now no
contro! over him and no instructions to refuse to
be interviewed have been telegraphed to him,
He Is entirely out of the Consular service and
could return to bis former post in an official
capacity only through receiving & new com-
mission. He will not be reinstated unless he
gives satisfact ry reasons for leaving Pre-
toria at such acritical period, Even then itis
not likely that he will be reinstated, Mr
Macrum is recognized by the State Depart.
mentas a private American citizen, If heis
bearing despatches to the President of the
United States from the President of the South
African Republic, he fs acting merely asthe
personal messenger of the latter and has po
official status whatever in that capacity in the
eyes of this Government.

 

CHECKING TIE PLAGUE IN HAWAII,

Surgeon Taylor Does Not Think It Will At-
tack the Troops at Honolulu.

WasHINGTON, Jan, 23. ~ Surgeon-General
Sternberg has received another report about
the bubonie plague in Hawall from Major
Blair D, Taylor, the surgeon in charge of the
United States Military Hospital at Honoluin,
The report says

“Sing my last report there have
been to Jan, 7 three cases of the disease and
one death. The process of burning up the in-
fected district is rapidly proceeding, Its in-
habitants are being isolated in detention
camps and the Government has puced $270,-
OOO at the disposal of the Boardoft Health with
a promise of more ifneeded, These measures
will, L think, be effective in eradicating the
disease in the course of time But little appre-
hension isfelt of itsattaching the troops of
the command.’

Dee, 20

 

THE NEW BATTLESHIPS,
Kearsarge and Kentucky to Be Assigned to
Admical Parqubar's Command,

Wasninctos, Jan, 23.-The new
battleships Kearsarge and Kentucky are to be
assigned to the North Atlantic squadron of
evolution under Rear Admiral Farquhar as
soon as they have been placed in commission
Orders have been fssued by the Navy Depart.
mentto putthe Kearsarge in commission at
Newport Newa on Peb, 20 and three weeks
later the Kentucky will be commissioned
There has been trouble in flioding crews and
officers for the vessels. Capt. William M. Pol-
ger, who has been superintending the fitting
out of the Kearsarge, will be her first com-
mander and Capt. C. M, Chester will command
the hentucky

sister

 

OUNSTIONS BY MR, PETTIGREW,
A Resolution Asking if the Sultan of Salu
is Under Civil Services Rules.
WASHINGTON, Jan, 25
Mr. Pettigrew (Si
lution ealling on the
the report and all a@ccompanyi
maiter of the teatv or ager
Brig.-Gen, John ©. Bates with the Sultan of
Suiu, and aaking outofwhat tund the «
theroin provided forthe Sultan and severat of
h achiel offleers were to be paid: what services
they are to perform for the United States;
and whether they are tocoina under civil sere

viee rules

In the Senate to-day
Ktep., 8. D) offered a reso-
President for aeopy ot

Mr. Wolcott objected and the 1e-olution
went over,

NAVAL SHIP MAKES 4 ReSCUF,
Passengera and Mails Taken Off the

Stranded Airlie by Commander Everett,

Wasnincros, Jan, 25.—The Navy
ment to-day received @ cab
Commander Everett of (he United States sup-

ship Culgoa dated ¢
He reported his departure
that he bad landed in Cookt
and mailot the stranded steam
wrecked steamer Wis bo
Australia

Depart:

Ktown, Australia

tney, and said
the}
t

Airlie

 

the

Called to the Teachers’ College,
| on, Jan, 23.—Samuel l’. Dutton, Super-

intendent of Sehools of the town of Brookline

Hown Men ine

 

tone of the bes
es of New Englan

fucational
1 e

1, isabout to resign his
pace to become proiesaor of se}

graduate of Yale, class of ‘76. He was prinele
palol the High Sehool in South Norwaik and
ofthe Eaton Grammar School in New Haven
and became Superintendent of Schools in the
latter city in 1882. In 1800 he resigned to
cou to Brova)ine,

iii alii . i
oe enema mee |
z . r Ata ok TR LAM Moe a are

inthe

ement madahy |

laries |

* despatch from |

tssangers |
The |
n China to |

 
      

Tit SUN, WED

| pEMANDS

 

 

 

ee
Fake ’

 

nes Seed

NESDAY, JANUARY

—_———

 

ON CLARK FOR MONEY,

 

 

 

Eecktor's Letters lo the Montann Senate
Contest—A_ Legislators Prosperity.

Wasntnovon, Jan, 23.~The hearing in the
Montana bribery election case was continued
to-day by the Senate Committees on Privileges
and Elections, Lx-Senator Faulkner, counsel
for Mr. Clark, produced two packages eontaine
ing the missing letters which have been re
forred to in the previous testimony, KE. L. P.
Vektor was called asa witness and identified
some letters, ‘The frst letter read was written
by Eektor to Bickford, who was regarded as
one of Clark's campaign agents, In ithe says
that "O. H. is rustling like fury,” that
he (Ecktor had “stayed out all night
with our man,” and thought he had him;
that “the amount sent over will not make the
race,” and that “where we have spent
$1 the other side has spent $10.”
In a lotter written a month later Ecktor com-
plains of Clark's slowness, and intimates his
purpose togo over tothe other side, saying:
“Leannot get $5,000, but Lean get enough to
pay my debts and have something left, Tcan-
not wait longer for Clark.” Ina letter written
to Clark himself, Ecktor says: “Iam for what
ix in it for me, Ifyou wish me to go further, let
me hearfrom you by return of mail.” In an-
other letter to Clark, Ecktor complains that he
had received only $250 for services and says:
“Yow are the only man I Jook to for help, and [
am always willing to show my appreciation
for your assistance.” In another letterto Clark,
Eektor says he bas. “a pull with one of the
jeading eCutholica of the country,” and that
he will “stampede the Irish King’s outfit,”
‘vaningthe Daly faction, There were ejeht
cr ten of Eektor’s letters to Clark couched in
similarlanguage and allof them appealing for
money

Kektor said he had received $250 for hia
services to Mr Clark, anda little more for his
expenses. Senator Burrows, one of the com-
mittee, remarked that the witness had gone
too cheap, Fektor was questioned about a
man named Wood who had a mortgage on his
property, The witness suggested that Wood
could wipe out his indebtedness by voting for
Clark. Wood would not do so. On re-direct
examination Eektor was asked whether the
atatement in one of his letters that $5,000 had
been offered to him by the other side was true,
and ie said it was not,

J. R. MeKay, a Republican member of the
Montana Senate from Custer county, testifled
that a Mr. Philipps told him he could get
$15,000 by voting for Clark.

B. J. Fine of Madison county, a member of
the lower house of the Montana Legislature,
waa the next witness. He supported Clark
throughout the contest, Under a severe dl-
ract examination the fact wus brought out that
after his candidacy for the Legislature had be-
gun his financial condition had greatly im-
proved and he had opened two bank accounts,
one of them in the name of his sister, After
the Legislature adjourned he was employed by

1

Senator Clark and received altogether $3,500
for his services. He did not satisfactorily ex-
plain the nature of those services or remember
the denominations of the billa in which Clark
paid him. He acknowledged that part of an
old judgment against him had been paid by
Senator Clark but asserted that the amount
aid had been charged against his account, he
wing at that time in Clark's employ. In reply
to questions by counse: for Clark Mr, Fine de-
nied that anything bad heen promised to him
for voting for Clark, The committee ad-
yourned until Monday,

Army and Navy Promotions.

WasHtInaton, Jan, 23.—The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate:

Navy--Lievtenant Commander William W, Kime
ball, to be a Commander, Lieutenant William 8
Hogg, to be a Lieutenant Commander, Lieutenant
Commander William P. Day, to be a Commander;
Lieuteuant Robert Ired, to be a Lientenant Com
nander; Lieutenant Commander John ©, Wilson, to
bea Commander, Passed Assistant Surgeon Hatton
NT. Harrie, tobe @ Surgeon; Lieutenant Colonel
Henry C. Cochrane, to be @ Colonel in the Marine
Corps; Major Allan ©, Kelton, to be @ Lieutenant
Colonel in the Marine Corps; Captain Lincoln Kar-
many, to bea Majorin the Marine Corps; Samuel A,
Patteraon of Vennsylvania, to be a Second Lienten-
aptin the Marine Corpse Herbert J. Hirshinger of
North Carolina, to be @ Second Lientenant in the
Marine Corps.

War—Second Lieutenant Charles Bo Drake, Fifth
Cavalry, to be Firat Lieutenant, Second Lieutenant
Charles Mch, Saltzman, Firat Cavalry, to be First
Lieutenant

  

Movements of Naval Vessels.

Wasttincton, Jan. 23.—The place of the re-
organization of the North Atlantio squadron
of evolution has been changed from San Juan,
Puerto Rico, to La Guayra, Venezuela. The
flagship New York, the gunboat Machias and

the battleship Texas have been ordered to
meet there. The despatch gunboat Dolphin
Jeft Port of Spain, Trinfdad, for Washington

to-day. The gunboat Scorpion, with the Isth-
mian Canal surveying party on board, ar-
rived at Colon yesterday and left to-day for

   

Caledonia Bay, The training ship Adams ar-
rived at Santiago yesterday.

Army Orders,

Wasurncoron, Jan, 23.-These army orders

have been issued

Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles Farmer, from
New York to Lexington, Ky, for annulment of his
contract.

Acting Assistant Surgeon Jose M
this city to Tampa.

Capt John kh. Waring, Second Infantry, bas been
retired from active service on account of disability,

Major Robert J. Gibson, Surgeon, ia detailed as a
member of the Examining Board at San Francisco,
vice Capt. William UO, Owen, Assistant Surgeon, who
is hereby relieved,

Delgado, from

“Naval Orders.

Wasntnotoy, Jan, 23.~These naval orders

have been issued:

WB Rogers, appointed paymaster’s clerk on the
nouilnat on of Pavmasterd N,a®peel; Lieutenant Com-
qaduder Jd. M. Helm, from duty as inspector in charge
of the Fifteenth Lighthenuse district, Feb, 15, and to
ecoutunue duty &s inspector in charge of the Six-
teenth Lighthouse district; Lieutenant Commander
UR. Harris, to duty as inspector in charge of the
Fitteenth Lighthouse district.

   

Future of the Frigate Constitution,

  

Wasutnotoyn, Jan, 23.—A bill permitting the
old frigate Constitution to be repaired by
private subscription and either to be used aa a
training ship or to be stationed at Washington
aga navaliuseum and a floating monument
tothe glory of American sailors, waa favorably
reported to the Senate toeday by the Committea
on Naval Affairs.

 

Army Department of Alaska Created,

Wasuinaton, Jan, 23.—An order was pub-
lished to-day by the War Department creating
the new Military Depariment of Alaska, em-
bracing all of that territory. Col. George M.
Randall of the Eighth Infantry {s placed in
command, with headquarters at Seattle, until
navigation opens. All explorations and sur.
veys in Alaska will be in his charge,

 

Bill for the Cuban Cable-Catting,

Wasninaroy, Jan, 24.—The President sent
to Congress to-day the claim of the Cuba
Submarine Telegraph Company for $40,870,
for expenses incurred in repairing cables and
property destroyed by American war vessels
during the war with Spain, The claim was
presented through the British Foreign Office
and the State Department,

International Copyright Inquiry.

WastIncton, Jan, 23.-In the Senate to-day
a resolution was offered by Mr. Kyle (Rep,
8.1.) and agreed to, directing the Commis-
sioner of Labor to investigate the effect upon
jabor, production and wages of the Inter-
inal Copyright act

 

Uniformity

Its standard of quality is ‘as fixed
as the rocks. Remember this!

What
Hunter
Baltimore
Rye
was 10 years ago it
is to-day and will be
JO years hence. Re-

member this !

Uniformity is its
Watchword.

Sua (ys ash

b BOTTLED BY

Len ok Rian
erate

It is
The Purest Type

) of the
Purest Whiskey.

A. ® HARTA FRANK MOA Reperosentatives,
as. Wiiliam St.. New York, N.Y.

 

 
 

 

); hecessary fo make
' time and sothat
| Jarge enough forall future needs

| beyond

24, 1900.

8

ANNUAL STATEMENT
OF

Insurance Company of New York.
HENRY B. STOKES, President.

Income in 1899,

Premiums .

. . . . . .

Interest, rents and other receipts

 

81,952,075.25
754,463.82
$9,707,438.57 |

‘Total payments to policy-holders
| Other disbursements . .. .

Disbursements in 1899.

$1,651,122.08
718,176.24

ED

$2,369,298.32

Assets Dec. 31st, 1899, $15,803,962.37.

Reserve on Policies in Force .« . « «

All other Liabilities

Surplus, December 31,1899 . . 2. ee #8 8

LIABILITIES.

Total Paid Policy-holders since Organization .. .

THE ABOVE STATEMENT SHOWS AN INCREASE IN EVERY ACCOUNT,
Increase in Insurance in Force.

Increase in Assets.

Increase in Surplus.
Increase in Reserve.

   

 

4 BILL TO PERMIT LIQUORSELLING
ON PULLMAN CARS,

 

Tammany Justices and Republican Mar-
shale-Jury Trials at Special Sessions
—Senator Wagner Would Abolish Raines
Law Hotels—Licenses for Druggists.

A.Bany, Jan, 23,—The Assembly to-day or-
deredto a third reading Assemblyman Aprar’s
bill authorizing the lincensing of the Pullman
Palace Car Company to sell Hquor upon its
cars inthis State. The bill simply gives the
Pullman Company the same rights that the
Wagner Company had in this State.

Senator Eleberg introduced a bill au-
thorizing the New York city Park Com-
missioners to permit projections such as
bay windows on buildings adjacent to
Janda within the jurisdiction of the
Park Commission, Since the passage of tho

 

 

LAWMAKING AT ALBANY, |

new Charter there has been some contusion 43 |

to whethera Park Commissioner or the Core | : sul
poration Counsel has the right to permit sueh | be brought against the company as the law in

encroachments
Senator Ford hasabill to compel the Tam-
many Municipal Court Justices to allow the

regularly appointed marshals to serve all pro- |

cesses, These marshals are nearly all Repub-
loans and they are ignored by the Tammany

Justices, who designate the old Tammany mar- |

shals and hangers on about the courte to serve
processes,

Senator Mitchell fntroduced a bill providing |

for an extra part of the Special Sessions Court

in New York city to be presided over by a}

Judge appointed by the Mayor who istotry
cases with tho assistance of a jury,

Senator Wagner introduced a bill repealing the
section of the Raines Liquor Tax law which
provides that a hotel must contain at least ten
rooms in a city or village and six rooms in
other places.

Assemblyman Brennan introduced a bil! that
does away with the appointment of city magis-

trates in the boroughs of Brooklyn, Queens and
Richmond, and makes the office an elective one
after Jan, 1001, He provides for a city magts-
trate from each Senatorial district in Brook
and two each in Queens and Richmond

Dr. Henry introduced thea Mazet Pharmacy
bill of Jast year which srovides for the appoint-
mentot a Board of Pharmacy for New

  

| Mr. Bacon’s lette
York |

eity,and makes it unlawful for any one buta |

registered pharmacist to dispense or prepare &
phyaician’s prescription, or to sell poisons or
medicines, ; :

Mr, Wiasell introduced his bill of last year
which passed the Assembly, but was notucte 1
upon by the Senate, authorizing the Schoo!
Commissioners of New York city to recognize
the certificates granted to teachers by the
School Commissioners of Queens and Rich-
mond counties in INi4. These teachers are
now teaching under special certificates and
Mr. Wissell’s billseeks to makethem pernia-
nent,

These other bills were Introduced:

Mr. Prince, providing that when a w rkman snes
to recover wages in the Munictpal Court of New
York city aud recovers & judgment, the Jndgment
shall provide that the defendant fe Hable to arrest
and imprisonment upon its exe ution if it remains
ipeatistied. ta

Mr. Harburger, providing for the erection of fire
escapes on all hotels in New York city

by the Btate to establish a home for the aged of both
sexes in New York city

Mr, Guider, compelling elevated ra lroada in New
York city to place # guard rail with a platform along
the entire length of their systems the piatform t
extend at lenat three feet from the cuter rails anil
the guard rails to be at least four feet high from the
platform, and aleo compe ling the placing of drip
pans under the structures

Mr. Rierdon, making hazing in any
@my, university or college of this state
mueanor,

Assemblyman Apgar has introduced a biil
making an appropriation of W000 for the
reservation of the Palisades at Yonkers The
Pill ts Introduced in connection with the re-
ort of the Pallaade Com mission appointed by
Nov. Roosevelt. A similar bill is to be Jatro-
duced in the New Jersey Legisiature The
object of the bills is to purchase the property
and then to cede it to the United States Gove
ernment to be used as a national p irk

DECISTON,

 

 

 

 

school, acad
@ iisde

 

te

 

GERRY

 

SOCIETY

——

THE

Application fora Reargument to Be Made |

by the State Board of Charities,

Arpany, Jan, 23.—The Court of Appeals has,
at the request of Attorney-General Davies,
granted an order withholding the official cer-
tifleate of its decision in the case of the State
Board of Charities agatmat the New York So-
clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children

in order to give the board's counsel an oppor |

tunity to present aMldavits requesting a rear-

gument, There are, it is suid, a number of legal
points in the prevailing opinion of the court,
which was written by Judge O'Brien, upon
which the board desires to be heard through its
counsel, belleving that in the preparation of
the decision a number of important legal pro-
visiona with reference to the scope of the
board’s jurisdiction were overiooked, This ts
particularly so with regard to the board's au-
thority to visitand inspect private cheritable
institutions, over six hundred in) number,
which receive no public money, butdo have in
their custody a large number of dependent
children and other practt sally helpless persons

The board desires to have it understood that
its legal proceedings in the ease of the Gerry
society Were not taken for the purpose of “eon
trolling or regulating that seciety,as has been
stated by its President, Elbridge T, Gerry, but
simply for the purpose of requiring the soclety

 
  

 

 

THE STATE TRUST INQUIRY,

 

Mr. Kling's Counsel Calls on Supt. Kilburn
to Take Action,

Aupayy. Jan, 23.—Charles P. Bacon, counsel
for Mr. Kling, whotwo weeks ago got Gov.
Roosevelt to cause an examination to be made
ofthe affairs of the State Trust Company, ls
in Albany, To-day he sent a letter to the State
Superintendent of Banke, Frederick D. Kil-
burn, calling on himito furnish to the Attorney-
General the results of the examination and to
roquest that official to proceed against the
directors and officers of the company {f the law
has been violated. Acony of the letter sent
Supt. Kilburn has been given to Gov, Roose-
velt by Mr. Bacon. In the letter Mr, Bacon
says:

“Mr, Kling in his petition asked that in case
the examination disclosot the facts set forth
by him to be substantially correct, you report
auch facts to the Attorney-General of the
State and request such prosecutions to be In-

stitutea against the officers and directors of
the State Trust Company, and such actions to

such cases requires, Neither Mr, Kling nor
myself has, upto the present time of writing,
received any information from you as to
whether the facts charged were true. I desire
to cal! your attention to the fact that ifa crime
has been committed, the evidence of the
crime is now, and has been ever since
the 12th inst, in the possession and under
the control of the men who committed ft.
his does not seem to me to be 4 proper con-
dition of affairs. I hereby ask and demand
that you take immediate possession of the
books and papers of the State Trust Company
and remain in control of them, I ask and de-
mnand that you give to me a copy of the report
of the examination made by Gen, Andrews.

ask and demand that you send a copy of Gen,

Andrews's report to the Attorney-Gen-
eral of the State, and request such
prosecution to be instituted against the
officers and directors of the State Trust

Company, and that he bring such actions
against the state Trust Company as the law In
such cases requires. If you do not im-
mediately act in this matter, I will at once In-
stitute proceed. ngs in behalf of Mr, Kling, be-
fore the Attorney-General.”

Mr. Bacon says further that if the charges ho
made are true, the persons implicated are
guilty ofa misdemeanor, and upon conviction
are subject toimprisonment in a penitentiary
or county Jatl for not more than one year or by
a fine of not more than $500, or may be subject
to both such fineandimprisonment. Mr. Kil-
burn had nothing to say to-night regarding

 

THE PHILLIPS BROOKS HOUSE,

 

| yormal Delivery of the Building to Har

| Massachusetts, the Rev, Dr, George

 

to permit an inspection of its work and to fle |

an annual report of its operations, rece pts and
expenditures,

THE NEW PUBLIC LIBRMALY,

 

Assemblyman Davis Introduces a Bill to
Remove the Limit of Its Cost.

ALpany, Jan. 23,—Assemblyman Gherardt
Davis has introduced a bill amending the law
of 1897 permitting New York city to appropri.
ate $2,500,000 for the new Public Library, #0
thatthe city may spend aa much money agit
deems necessary. When the act was passed
it had not been definitely _de ided) just
how much of the old _ reservoir
site would be needed for the building It is
thought now that more space will be neces-
sary than waassupposed at first as the plans
callfora more elaborate building than was
originally proposed, Tt iss inte ed to make
the building of ample size so thatit wi Inet be
alterations from. time to

when completed it) will be
'

 

Another reason why it jathought $2,500,000
will not be sufficient is that the cost of labor
and building material has increased so re
that continetors would not
only that appropriation in view
that the use of the Public Li
expectations and that

     
 

Mr. Davis says
rary has grown
the need ofa

| larger building is apps pt
a

With the Boston brary completed the city
will know what is needed and what should be
avoided in the way of construction so that with
uniimited funds at its disposal, itean havea
building that will always meet the demagds of
hue pubic.

} atre
Alav, providing for the appropriation of S1ON 000 | Ab

yard University-The Speakers.

Campripa®, Masg., Jan. 23.—The Phillips
Brooks House, which has been open to the
students of Harvard since the beginning of the
avademie year, was formally delivered to the

university with appropriate exercisas this
afternoon and evening. ‘The delivery was
made this afternoon In the Peabody

Hall, Brooks House. Francis Treat Paine, Sr.,
presided and made the presentation addreas,

The house was accepted on behalf of the unt-
versity by President Eliot in an address warm-
ly eulogistie of Phillips Brooks. Burther exer-
cises were held this evening in Sander's The-
to give the undergraduates « chance
to show their apprectation of the open-
jing of the religious house, The speak.
were Bishop Lawrence of the Diocese of
Gordon
e Old South Church, Boston, the Rev.
Vaodieott Peabody, the Groton School: the
tev, Dr, Charies Cuthbert Hall of New York,
the Rey, Francis Peabody Piummer, professor
at Harvard, and President Elior, Most of the
speakers had known Bishop Brooks intimately,
‘he Harvard Glee Club sang three selections,

ers

 
 

 

DIDN'T WANT TO PROSECUTE,

Chicagoan Would Have Let an Alleged
Tenderloin Thiet Go,

James L. Kersey, who said he was a Chicago
merchant staying at the Hoffman House,
caused thearrest of Lillie Howard of 364 West
Vorty-third street at Thirtieth street and Sixth
avenue last night, charging her with stealing
$100 from his pockets while he was in her
apartments. He was inelined to drop the case

| when informed at the Tenderloin pollce sta-

tion that he would have to appear in court
against the Womun
*T don't care to press the charge,” he said,
“Our orders are to hold complainant who

| cause arrests, and then signify thelr intention

of not going to court,” remarked the sergeant,
"You had better think itover, Take @ seat in
the back room for a while.”

Kersey satin the back room for half an hour
and then announced that he had decided to
press the complaint, On his promise to appear
in court to-day he was released, The woman
was locked up

HNarvard-Yale Camera Content,

CamBrrpor, Mass, Jan, 23.—The Camera
Club at Harvard is forming plans fora Har-
vard-Yale camera exhibition, which willtake
the form of a contest, atrophy to be awarded
to the college exhibiting the best set of photo-
grapha. The date ofthe contest, whfeh will be
the firat of its kind among college camera
cubs, haa been set forthe first week after the
Easter vacation, Asuffleient number of men
from both universities have signified their in-
tention of entering to assure the success of the
contest

 

 
 

$13,961,201.00
216,020.12

$14,177,291.12

$1,626,741.25
» over $45,300,000.00

Increase in Payments to Policy-holdegs.
Increase In New Insurance Written,

 
  

TEACHERS WILL BE PAID.

THE

 

 

RESULT OF THE HEARING ON
SCHOOL BILLS AT ALBANY,

 

Immediate Relief to Be Given Teachers in
Queens and Richmond and Legislation
to Come Later to Assure Them of Pay,

ALBANY, Jan. 23,~-As@ result of the hearing
before the Senate Cities Committee to-day om
the New York city school bills it a likely that
the committee will report favorably Senator
Ford's bill providing for the issue of bonds
to raise the money necessary to pay
the teachers’ salary arrearages in Queens
and Richmond boroughs. The bill will
be amended 60 as to make {t mandatory, as wel!
as legalizing the action of the Queens borough
School Board in expending its apportionment
of the city school moneys, Then {t seems to
be the intention to prevent the recurrence of
the existing situation by passing legislation
along the lines of Senator Eleberg’s Centraliza-
tion School Administration bill and Senator
Yord's Four-mill Annual School Tax levy.

Among those present at the hearing were
City Superintendent of Schools William J.Maxe
well, of New York; President Robertson, of the
Brooklyn Borough School Board; Horace E,
Dresser, of Brooklyn, Vice-President of the
Central Board of Education; James J, McCabe,
President of the Brooklyn Principals’ Asso-
ciation; Dr. Crowell, President of the Brook-
lyn Teachers’ Assooclation; Mise Grace

Strachan, President of the Branch | Schoo
Principals’ Asso@lation of Brooklyn; Mrs. Eb.
I. Pettingill, Brooklyn, representing the
Girls’ High School teachers of Brooklyn, and
Mr. Clarke, representing the teachersof tie
Lrooklyn Boys’ High School,

Comptroller Coler expected to be present at
the hearing, but was detained in New York.
lie sentastatementin which he said that the
appropriations were sufficient to satisfy all
known claims for teachers’ salaries and other
liabilities, He said the sole diMculty has been
with the vicious system under wWhivh the school
appropriations have been apportioned,

M. bE. Quinn, on behalf of the teachers of
ueens borough, favored the bill presented by
eoator Norton legalizing the acts of the
Queens borough achool board in fixing ths
salary schedule there in excess of its appre -
priation and providing for the payment of the
salary arrears in that borough,

Mr, Burlingham called the Grady bill a gold
brick from which no relief could be evoured,
Mrs, E. Pettingill, representing the High
School Teachers’ Association of Brooklyn, said
that there were three Pointe to be settleds
First, relief for Richmond and Queens in 100
second, relief for the arreages; third, genera
legisiation for the future, She favored the
McCarren bill as did the teachers of Brooklyn
and Queens and she thought it covered all the

ints at issue, ,This bill provides for the
ssue of bonds to pay salaries.

Miss Lamb, representing the Brooklyn
Branch Principals’ Association also favored the
McCarren bill as {t assures them a continuance
of salaries in 1900, She aaid the assurance of
salaries was most important, ae they never
knew what pay they were going to get from
time to time, and the teachers had already
spent $18,000 out of their own kets in the
courts to get the salaries due them. isa
Lamb thought the Ford bi!l was a good one in
many respects,tbut it was not definite envugh
in regard to the future.

President Robertson favored the McCarren
bill, though gs an emergency measure he be-
lieved that Senator Grady’s bill solved the
present dificult pegar (ng the salary arrear-
ages. He thought the Ford bill compilcated
the altuation. The Grady bill permite the
Board of Estimate and Apportionment to
transfer funds to pay salaries,

Supt. Maxwell said he was there solely to
help the teachers of Richmond and Queens
boroughs, who had received no money since
last September, He sald the situation in these
boroughs was different from that in other por-
tions of the oity, aa anamber of the teavhers
wore not residents of the boroughs and were
bon depending upon friends for means of sup-

John G, Agar favored any bill which would
meet the present emergency. He declared
that the Board of Estimate and Apportionment
rhould be compelled to provide the necessary
money to pay the salary arrearages,

Mr. Dresser and the Foproapatatives of the
Brooklyn teachers seemed to favor the McCar-
ren bill, because it assured the teachers of all
the peroaane their salaries for the present
year as Well as for last year, while they were
ale favorable to she Brady bili for the reason

j jet the existing con ons |
ang Blohmong boroughs, Co = Gesess

ssistant Corporation Counsel Th
Creamer defended the Board of Hatinate acl
Apportionment against what he considered
the unjust insinuations made against that
body by several of the speakers. He criticise
the position taken by Supt. Maxwell and etate
that what was needed was legislation which

 

would enable the Board of
to control its subordinates, ie “aasered
that the Grady bill provided the best

method for meeting the present e
and that {if bonds were ong. te be
issued, as provided forin the other €111, much
time would be lost before the necessary money
could be secured, He thought that the ree
casting of the provisiona of the education
part of the charter should await the action o}
the Chartor Revision Commission which {s to
be appointed by Gov. Roosevelt, He sald there
yas ae ates of seeuip ponte aa money was ia
e Sury which coul
Grady pu epould be epamed. 00 Ciaran Bis
enators Ford and Elsberg assure r
resentatives of the teachers that Cr tactte
wasto meet the emergency existing in Queens
and Richmond counties and deviate that the
salaries for the present and future years woul
he provided for by the enactment of Sener!
New Tore city school legislation later in the

FRENCH REPUBLIC PROPERTY.

VICHY Galar

A Natural Mineral Water

GOUT,

 

FOR
RHEUMATISM, TORPID LIVER,

DYSPEPSIA, INDIGESTION.

There is but one VICHY water, and that is the

natural mineral water from the

France.

celebrated Vichy Springs,

VICHY is bottled at the Springs, under direct super-

vision of the French governme

genuineness and purity.
Known for centuries,

highest medical authorities,

f SO-CALLED VICHY IN SYPHONS 18 NOT V

Rats

which guarantees

and recommended by the

TCHY,

Viehy Agency, 990 Broadway,

 

 

|