|
|
|
|

 

THINKS PAYN IS BEATEN,

GoveRrvoR SAID 10 BELIEVE THE
seNATE WILL RE WITH HOM,

1 McLaughlin Senators, It is
stated, Will Vote as the Republican Or-
canization May Desire on Condition
Phat That Desire Is Explicitly Announced
tell of the Republiean State
went to hia home in Newburgh
andexpeeta to bein Albany to-day
al whether Gov, Hoosevelt will
een tin a name Senate to-day or to-
row for Superintendent of Insurance. bx.
» George BE. Green of Binghamtou was in
vat night. He hatread despatches

gh

Tammany ane

 

Chairman
Committe
yesreritay
Tt ia problem iti
to the
m'
May
New York
from Albany saving that he int@ht be named
by Gov. Roosevelt as a possible successorto
Mr. Pavn Mr Green male it known that ho
did not desire the plac

Despatehes from Albany last night aall that

Renator Elisworth, President pro tem of the
Senate, hat returned from his little outing,
and that Gov, Roosevelt believed that he hai
the support of twenty-five tepublican Sena-
tors who would confirm his nomination for
Superintendent of Insurance and believed aleao

that several Democratic Senators will join with
him inthe effort to displace Mr, Payn,

Phere is much interest tn the position of the
Democratic Senators below the Bronx, that is,
the Tammany Senators and the Democratic
Renators fr Brooklyn. It was stated last
night that thes» Demoeratio Senators had had
no conference or caucus or consultation as to
their proposed action on Mr. Payn, but
that if the Republican organization of the

   

State oof New York deelared for Mr.
Payn's retention, these Democratic Sena-
tors from below the Bronx would beleve
it to be ther dutyas organization men to stand

 

by the candidate of the Republican State or-
gonizaton. This support of Mr. Payn would
be dictated, it was said, by the faet that the
representatives of a minority. political organ.
jvation at Albany recognizes the rightofa ma-
tority political organization, even though an
yonistic, to omme its own enadidates for of
thors whieh are to be confirmed by the Senate,
should the Republican State organization da-
care agaist Mr. Payn, then these Demo-
erratic. Senators from below the Bronx
woul! vote against Mr. Payn. But up to this
hour representatives of the Demoeratic Senn.
tors from below the Bronx said that they had

re {nointimation as tothe desires of the
ler can State organization, and that they
@ocd not recognize any negative support of
Mr Payn. In facet, the representatives of these

Pemoeratic Senators went on tosay that ifthe
Republican Suite organization desired the
retention of Mr. Payn an explicit announce.
ment tothat effect would have to be made
Some ofthese Demooratic Senators continu.
ing declared that while there wis friendly feel.
ing towarl ex-Senator Murphy on the part of
Democrats below the Pronx, it was nevertho-
leas not acase where individual wishes coald
he regarded andthat if the Democratic organ.
ization belleved that it would be wiser politics
from a@ Demoeratic standpont to vote to

 

re‘ain) Mr. Payn. that action would be
taken despite the opposition of ex.
Kenator Murphy. who_ really desires the
defeat of Mr. Pay Mr. Murphy, ex-Goy

Back and Mr, Payn are in the same
Congress district, and Mr. Murphy dooa not
desire to have the Demoeratic Senators do
anything to strengthen the hands of Mr. Black
an! Mr. Pavn. Mr. Payn's term of offlee does
notexpire until Feb. 8

Frank 8

RAPID TRANSIT LEGISLATION’,

Proposed Amendment to Charte, Over-
hauled and Pot tn Shape.

Comptroller Coler, Commissioner George L.
Rives and Albert B, Boardman, who were to
have gone to Albany yesterday to see to the in-
troduction of the amendment to the city Char-
ter. which was agreed upon as needed by the
Rapid Transit Railroad Commission, did not
leave, but instead the Cormptroller, Mr. Board-
man and Edward M. Shepard spent a consider-
able part ofthe dayin conferences looking to
the amendment of the amendment,

It transpired yesterday that on Monday,
whilethe ‘awyers forthe Rapid Transit Com-
mission were getting the bill into proper
shape for presentation, somebody discovered,
or thought he discovered, a joker hidden in
the legal phraseology of the bill

The whole purpose of the bill, as declared by
Comptroller Coler and the counsel for the
Rapid Transit Railroad Commission, is to clear
up 4 remote possibility ofaconflict between the
provisions of the Rapid Transit Railroad act
end the Charter. Although it is expresaly pro-
viced in the Charter that no provision of it
ahall interfere with, chinge or alterthe powers
of the Rapid) Transit) Commissioners, the
Comptroller feared that unless there was an
explanatory act passed there might be a
shadow cast upon the validity of the bonds
which the city is to issue to pay for the under-
ground road, Corporation Counsel Wha'en
evinced meritieal spirit, if not one of distinet
antagonisin to the proposed amendment on
Monday, and this also had its weight I decid-
ing the Comm ttee to go over the wording of
the bilearetul'y again before iptroducing it ip
the Legislature.

Just what was feared asa result of the word-
fing ofthe bill did not transpire yesterday, all
of those directly nterested in the matter con-
tenting themselves by explaining that the

patier Was purely a lawyers’ technical Jispute,

twes inferred from what was said that the
Dill, if passed in. that form, might be so con-
etrued as to affect some other interests of the

city

Ats:30.P. M Comptroiler Coler and Messra,
Bhephard and Boor'nian wenttothe City Hall
and held a consultation with Mayor Van Wyck,
When this was over Mr. Boardman telephoned
to Mr. Rives’s office thatthe snags in the bill

ad been removed and notifying Mr. Rives that

eand Mr. Shephard, together with the Comp-
troller, were going to Albany with the bill on
the Empire State Express this morning Mr,
Rives was asked! to join them if possible.

Mr. Boardman told. the reporters that the
only change made in the bill was in one para-
graph, and that this did not change the original
purportof the bill. After leavingthe Mayorthe
two Jawyers hada talk with Corporation Coun-
sel Whalen, They were with Mr, Whalen but
ashort time,and when they left Mr. Whalen
said the bill was now entirely satisfactory to
him. “You may say,” he said, “that the bill la
now the result of conferences between the
various departments interested, and that it
ought to gothrough without any opp. sition,”

 

CONTRACTOR M’RVONALD'S O1D FIRM,

He Wants a Receiver to Sell Out the Assets
—Partner Ry in Objects.

John B. MeDonald, the contracior for the
underground road, has an uction pending in
the Supreme Court for a dissolu ion of his
partnerahiv with Cornelius J. Ryan under the
name of Khyan & McDonald and for the appoint.
ment of a receiver to sell the filrm’s assets and
divide the proeeais, A motion made ysester-
day by MePonald for judgmen? on the plead-
ingson the groun | that no defenee was set up
in the answer, was denied by Justles Fitz-
gerald,

McDonald set out in ‘fa complaint that the
firm was forme! on May 1, 1840, to carry on.
a general contra:t\ne business. Each partner
was to put in such capital as might be re-
quired and after the repayment of this capital
they were to go halves on the profits. He says
the firm has valuabie securities, real estate,
accounts due, plant and! machinery The us-
gets ure more than suMeientto meet the ob-
ligations. MeDonald says further that in ace
cordance With the agreement of partuership
heasked that Ryan sent to ao issolution
and sale of the assets on July 27, Is, but
that hyan refused) The summons was served
in the present action on April 10, 127) but
qe answer ot Ryan was not put in until last

ny

rhe answer avers that the only assets consist
of Lyons Water Works Company's bonis, real
estate in Baltimore, Greenwich, Onto and
hoekford, T!!., some machinery and money due
for machinery sold. Ryan says that in tact the
firin was dissolved prior to TS} and that it nas
done no work sinee, All the assets except the
bonds ant the real estate at) Greenwich
have oeen in the possession of McDonald, He
continues:

“That the plaintiff now has and for years
had had the possession of the books of sceount
of the firm; that this defendant does not know
and has no means of knowing « ‘preby an ex-
amination of the books of the flen what the
plaintif? has drawn from the assets and funds
of the firo), and sines such dissolution the firm
has consed to carry on cvork or business.’

Kyan says that he has always been willing to
eelland divide, but his reqnesta to examine
the books have been denied, He does not think
ft necessary to have a receiver, There are no
debts, he avers, exeept some land elaimes in
Baltimore in litigation whieh have been se-
cured by a deposi of 815.000

Ryan got an order fron: Justice Truax for an
inspection ofthe flrm book@ on Dec, oo, and
the examination was pvroeveding when the
present motien was mute The book keaner
making the examination says he will
through forthree weeks vet

 

 

 

 

not be

To Celebrate Start of Work on R, T. Tanne}.

The Aldermen passed
eallingifor the apy

resolution yesterday
yntment of a jont com-

mittee of the Mun i) Assembly, to eonfer
with the Rapid Trans) Cominissioner. on the
Mayor, fo arrarge tor appropriate ceremonies

fn connection with the breaxingoft ground for
the new tunnel,

 

ee

i
Qe

THE BROOKLYN REVIVAL. |

 

No Change in the Fraternal Feeling Be-
tween Dr. Broughton and Dr. Pierson.

There was no halt yesterday in the big re-
ligious revival in Brooklyn, although the Rev, |
Dr. Loi G. Broughton of Georgia, the chief ex-
horter, did not take part fn any o! the services. |
Since the beginning of the revival be had been |
speaking fouror five timesaday, and it was |
deemed necessary that he should take an also. |
lute reat of twenty-four hours, So he shut
himself up in b's room, a8 one of hia co-work-
era explained, for a complete, though brief
rest. The absences of Dr. Broughton from the
revival gatherings was supposed in some
quarters to be w verification of the rumor,
that there was some friction between him
und the Rev. Dr. A. 'T. Pierson, who has gener-
ally assisted him in the exhortations, It is
true that Dr. Pierson suggested to the Exocu.
tlve Committee that it might be advisable for a
change to be introdnee 1 in the method of work
60 that Dr. Broughton and himeelf might not
follow each other, as they generally spoke on
different lines of thought, thus causing somo
little coufusion,

Dr. Pierson likewise was not in harmony
with Dr. Bronghton’'s plan of calling for physi-
cal manifestations, such as the raising of
hands, The committee decided that the suc-
cess Which had attended the joint work of Drs
Broughton and Pierson was so marked that it
shou'd be continued at least untl! the close af
the week, and both are to speuk to-day at the
noon meeting in Association Hall, So far is
the fraternal relation between the two minis-
ters from being disturbed that Dr. Pierson ta
to accompany Dr, Broughton on his return to
Georgia to assiat him in a revival in his owa
church tn Atlanta.

The meeting at Association Hall yesterday
was largely attended, and the singing of a con-
tingent of the Fiek Jubilee Singers was one
of the special features. Dr. Pierson mate the

rincipal address, la closing he said: “There
$no road to hell more dangerous than the
path past the pulpit, through the church aisles
aud past the communion table. Ifyou come to
these servieas unconverted and don’t intend
to accept God, for God's anke keep away,”

The Central Baptist Church in Adeiphi street
was again thronged last night. The Fisk Jn-
Liles Singers were present and sang The
srermon was delivered by the Kev, Dr, A. C,
Dixon of the Hanson Place Baptist Church,
Whea Dr. Dixon looked over the lurge audl-

|

ence and inquired, “Have you been working
to-day for the salvation of anybody? Have you
tried to bring a brother or siaterto Christ? It
so, stand up," a score or more stood up, “Tam
more and more impressed,” Dr. Dixon sail,
“with the fact that this is God'a method of
work. The preacher muat speak to crowds,
but) the individual must. speak to the
individual, Conversation always, takes the |
place of preaching in conversion We preac-
ers like to speak to crowds, but the. best work |
is talking face to face individually.”

The sermon was from the text, "What must |
Tdoto be saved?” The preacher related the |
circumstances of his own conversion when a
boy, and also of the conversion of Dr. Brough.
ton through his instrumentality. Hespokeof
salvation as an accomplished tact through tho
death of Christon the Cross, as a sudden @x-
perience with repentance and faith, coming
together like Siamese twins, as a gradual pro
cess with oeeasioral experiences of ecstatic
jov and finally as a giorious prophesy,

At the viose of the sermon there was a period
of silent prayer, and then followed the raising
of hands and the standing up of scores of new
converts,

“SYNDICATE” MITLER,

Decinred Again to Be tn Canada and So
Watched That He Cannot Escape.

William F, Miller of the collapsed 520 per
cent. Franklin “Syndleate,” of Brooklyn has
been located, it is asserted, in Canada, He is
satd to have been reindicted by the Kings
county Grand Jury yesterday, charged this
time with embezzlement, a crime which is ex- |

bracitable.

In the {ndictment procured by former Dis-
trict Attorney Hiram K. Steele, on Nov. 24,
Miller was jointly charged with Cecil Lestie,
his press agent, with “conspiracy to obtain
money by fraudulent misrepresentations.”
This is not an extraditable crime.

Every precaution has been taken by District
Attorney John F. Clarke to pravent Miller es. |
caping the second time, Ho will not tell in |
what city or town of the Dominion Miller fs at
present but he has been in communication

with the authorities of the place, itis said, for
a number of days and has sent them = an
affidavit to the effect that Miller haa been in-
dicted and that application has been made to
the Reeretary of State ut Washington for
papers of.extradition, |
Even before the indictment was @ certainty, |
butaiterthe receipt of affidavits stating the |
facts, the authorities of the place in question |
!

\

 

agreed, itissaid, to keep Miler under strict
eurvelilauee and to place him under arrest |
should he attempt to leave their Juriadiction
The alleged new indictment against Miller, it |
is explained, will not be handed to Judge
Joseph Aspinall in the County Court, eriminal
branch, until Friday morning, as the extradi-
tion papers will not be ready until then, The
honor of placing Miller under arrest wii! be ac-
corded to Cant, James K. Price, the new Chie?
of the Detective Bureau in Brooklyn, who will
goto Canada forthe fugitive, starting proba- |
bly on saturday next, |
'

 

 

 

 

LIFE SAVED BY HER PATIENT,

 

Miss Willem, a Trained Nurse, Believed to
Have Attempted Suicide With Gas,

Miss Laura Willem, 24 years old, a trained
nurae, was found unconscious from gas as-
phyxiation yesterday morning in ber bedroom
atthe house of Ardrow Sinsaburgh, 212 Van
Buren street, Brooklyn, where she was in at-
tendance on Wil'tam Sinsaburgh’s inva'td
mother. The latter and the nurse ovenped
adjoining rooms, aud it was through the
faiiure of the sick woman to arouse Miss
Willem by knocking on the wall that the dis-
covery of her condition was made, Miss
Willem wastaken t> St. John’s Tfospital aud
will recover, As she is believed to have de-
liberate vy ramoved the plug from the cas jet in
the room. & charge of attempted suicide wil
Le oace against her, She ia said to have been
suffer ng from melancholy of late,

WiF
Under Arrest in San Francisco
~Friends Soy She Is Insane,

Saw Francisco, Jan, 20.—-Mrs. M. A. Swift,
wfeofanarmy chaplain, who is in custody
here for attempting to get goods under falee
pretences, tried to commitsuieide in her cell
to-day py hanging. She wae discovered in
time to save her life,

Her friends ceclaré that she has been made
insane by morpiine, and she thinks army offl-
cera who have helned her are in league against
her. Theeharges against her will be dismissed
and she wil! be sent to an asylum

CUAPLIIN'S TRIES sUICIDE,

She Is

Tried to Strangle Himself in the Park.

George Feit, a German shoemaker, whose
shop is in First avenue, between Ninetleth ani
Ninety-frat streets, went to Central Purk yess
terday to kill himself, He tied a rope to the top
ral! ofa bench on the Fast Drive, near Ninety-
second street, and tied the other end tn
a aslip-knot around his neck. He then
put his foot on the rope and tried to
tighten the noose around his neck, Ho was
succeeding fairly well when Policeman Crosby
came along and stonped him, Feit, who can-
not speak English, fought furtously to keep
Crosby from loosening the noose, Crosby ent
the rope and succeeded in getting it of the
German's neck, Felt was iu weak and
fainted. He was taken to the Harlem pv lies
eourtand Magistrate Mayo held him for trial
in $1,000 bail

Insurance Agent Kehl Kills Himself.

George Kehl. 48 years old, an inaurance
agent, of 222 Palmetto streer, Willlamsburg,
committed suicide yesterday by cutting his
wrist and swallowing carbolic acid. He had
Hved unhappily with bis wife of whom he was
jealous, and she left him last week. she called
upon him Sunday for the purpose of reeonclila-
tion, They bad a quarrel and Mire, Kehl went
away. Kehl's twenty-one-year-old gon and his
aved father lived wilt him, and on Monday
night Kehi told them he never wanted to sea
his wite again,

New Fire Commissioners tn Hoboken,

Mayor Fagan of Hoboken yesterday ap-
pointed Michael Brophy and James Whalen
members ofthe Board of Fire Commiseloners
to succeed Commissioners Timothy Foley and
Michael Dunn who resigned. After the ap-
polncments the board me! and made former
Comnmmissioner Dann Assistant Chief Engineer,
ara salary of $100 ayear. Heretofore there
has been no such oMece in the department. No
reason was given for Mr Fovey's resignation.

Improvement in Brooklyn's Water Situation

There has been a steady improvement in the
eondition of Brooklyn's water supply for the
past few days. Yes'erd:y Deputy Commis-
sioner Moffett of the Department of Water
Supply aunnouneed that water affairs were In
a more satisfactory condition than they have
teenin for weeks. There are now 214,081,000
gations in storage, which is an increase of
wateron storage over that of last week of
32,1'99,600 gallons.

,

ee SS

LS A

| tory of the foundation of

| estan ling army

     

 
   

 

——

NEW PRIESTLY ORDER HERE

AND 4 CHURCH OF 1HE PERPETUAL
ADORALION OF THE HOST,

 

The People’s Eucharistic League Has Ob-
tained the Archbishop's Consent to the
Establishment Mere of the Order of
Priests of the Blesed Sacrament,

At a meeting of a number of prominent
Roman Catholies interested In the work of the
People's Eucharistic League beld at the home
of Miss Anne Leary, 3 Fifth avenue, on Mon.
day afternoon, Archbishop Corrigan announce |
that he hal decided to Banetion the establish.
ment of the order of the Priests of the Blossed
Sacrament inthis city. The meeting was called
for the purposeof hearing the Archbishop's de-
cision an | to discuss the work of tha league. It
was attended by about seventy-five persona, all
well-known Catholtica, Besides Archbishop
Corrigan and Miss Leary there were present
Bishop Farley, the Rey. Charles H. Colton,
rectorofst. Stephon’s Church: the Rev, Thomas
FE. Murphy, reetor of the Chureh of St. Franes
Xavier; the Rev. N,N. MeKtonon, rector of the
Church of St. Ignatius Loyola; Father Van
Rensselaer of St. Franela Xavier's; Miss
Georgie Iselin, Mrs. Geraldyn Redmond, Mrs
Vai Bragh Livingston, Miss Josephino Drexel,
Mrs John Dahlgren, Mrs. George B, Plant, Mis,
Emile Vatable, Mr. and Mrs, William Lummis
and Miss FE Lummis, President of the Ruchar-
fxtio League, ‘The Archbishop's decision was
not upexpected, as it was understood that he
approves of the efforts of those who had charge
ol the movement.

The People’s Eucharistic Lengue was eatah-
lished about four years ago and bas grown so
rapidiv that ita membership is now 1s 000, dis-
tr buted all over the country. There are at
lewat 6,000 members in thieelty. The central
body of the organization ia in the Cathedral
parten. The object the members. of the
eague is the perpetual adoration of the Biessed
Sacrament, Some time ago itovas suggested
that as the league had grown to such propor.
tions it would be a good acheme to huve the
organtzation under the direct con of the
Priests of the Bieased Sacrament. There wos
no branch of this order inthis city and it was
necessary to seenre the Arelbishop's @on-
sent to the establishment of a branch
in the diocese, Miss Teary anda
number of her friends titerested them-
selves in the matter and guaranteed to
provide enough money to bring a number ot
the priests of the order here and to seetnat
they were properly takeu care of untill the
organization could supporttiem, These facts
were presenter to Arehiishop Corrigan and
he gave bis sanction,

In announcing his decision at the meeting on
Monday, Archbishop Corrigan recited the his.
the order of the
Blessed) Sacrament and
Father Fymard. He said
that there was a branch of the order
in “fontreal and that a number of the
private there had volunteered to come to this
ety. He showed how the league had grown
ani then pointed out the good work it Nad ac-
complishe!, He also praised the efforts of Mies
Leary and those associated with ber in the
movement. Addresses were made by all the
orner priests present, all of whom were in favor
of the plan

The Priests of the Bleseed Sacrament wi!! not
he here uiel the fall. They will be quartered
in some big house uutil a chureh and rectory
can be creeted

   

  

 

Priasts of the
of tts founder

 

es41M IN A BAD

Pessimistic Sermon By Prof. Herron In Dr.
Rainsford's Chureh,

UNCLE way,

The Orst of the series of lectures for laboring
men, arranged by the Rey, Dr, Rainsford, was
del vered in && George's Chureh in Stuyvesant

Square last night, by Prof. George D. Herron,
formerly of Iowa College, whose subject was
*Boonomic Basis of Self-Government.’ He
Bal ti part

 

“The minute you try to decide what ts right

forcthers, that minute you become a tyrant,

The theory of preparing nen for self-govern- |
| ment nowadays is to begin by taking away

from them what little they have, Take the
AngioeSaxon race toeday. It is engaged in
plundering people, stealing their homes and
their lands, inorder to prepare them for what
isealled liberty

“Any necessity that keep a man from living
his own ife is atyranny It doesn't matter
whether its aezar,@ constitution or an econ.
omic necessity, Anything that makes one
man's life dependent on another's, anything
that makes it possible to fores one man to
serve another man’s ends, isessentia ly against
the divine order of things and the purpose tor

 
  

 

 

 

which the world stanus. Tt is the divine rigne
ofevery man to live and see the ife that is in
bim

Kepresentative government is breaking
de tthatis oa goodthing, Would that te
was rwith for goo. ania Thia should
be u coeoperative univer :

se aud there should ve

nosuch th init. Private own

shinofthe n

‘was a ruler

tural and eeonomee resour

 

 

 

 

mankind 18 the private ownership of man, You
and I wil beautthe merey of some other man
+ becenuse b Vhs more things than wedo Are
} weto be the sans of God or the slaveso! men!
The eo ownership of those things on
Which we depead for existenee is the ouly
basis for human liberty inthe worll Fora
few nentoown the earth on whieh we ti

  
   
 

intringsicaly wrong, Fromthoimpreeti
of the practioal man, Lord delivers ritis
the pract cal man who is making chaos of the
work,

“We call thia Chr stianity where the few pile

up fortunes, wh thousands are dying of
yhysical ond mental starvation in the war for
yread, Whoeh we cal competition, We havea
Does it stand forman? No
Vhet does it stand for? Itstands tor what we
el) the saered rights of col rasally stolen prop-
erty. The present social and political aystem
ennnet be mended, it must be ended and a new
startmade the next stage of the world wii
be soolatisticeffort, You might as wellse' onthe
sun to stop ita eourse as to tryand) stop the
coming of so¢talism. The voices are calling to

you to t ready, realy, for the age of the
cooperative cominon wealth is near.”
SANE WHEN HE S8O!ID HIS MINES,

Larhin Only Got @28,850 for Property Now
Worth Millions, but the Sale Stands,

Hevena, Mont., Jan. 25.—The report of Henry
N. Blake, special master appointed by United
Kiates Julge Knowles to hear the testimony in
the proceedings instituted toaascertain whether
James Larkin was sane a few years ago when
he deeded to the Butte and Boston Company a
One-third (nterest inthe Tramway and a one-
bulfinrerest in the Shonomish, two ot Burte s
richest mines, now valued in the mililona, (4
made public. The hearing was heid in Butte
laat suinmer, and many Withesses were calle |,
Mach interest wis manifested in the pro-
ceedings on account of the expert testimony
upon the question of insanity and the
general resuits of drink on the haman
mind, About. 200° witnesses were heard,

Mr. Blake finds that James Larkin was not
of unsound mind when he conveyed the
property to the Butte and Boston Mining
Company, ant that the consideratian received,
$24,450, was adequate,

 

South Carolina's Liquor Dispensary Re-
ceipts.

Cotumpia, 8. C., Jan, 23.—The statement of
the State Dispensary for the year Is was
completed to-day, During the year the
amount of profits going to the counties,

towns and cities was $220,402, The net profits
to the State which go to the eredit of
the sehool fund are $104.68, making the total
net profits $414,181. The total gross profits
for the year were $485,520. The total receipts
for the year were $1,048,130,

Yale's Junior Promenade,

 

  

ne

Nrw Haney, Conn., Jan, 23.—The Yale Jun-
jor promenade, which took place at the Secon!
Regiment Armory to-night, was one of the
most brilliant ever given, Fully 750 persons
were on the floor, while an equal number
watched the daneera from the gatieries, The
grand march was led by H. Stiles Curtiss oi
Cleveland, chairman of the Floor Cominittee,
with Miss Evy of the same place. P. Lineo!n
Miteheil, chairman of the Promenade Commit-
tev, fo lowed, with Miss Ethel Benton of Cin-
cipoati.

 

Knocked by a Cab Under Another's Wheels,

Samuel Berkowitz, a newsboy, of 77 Monroe
street, was knocked from hisbicyele in Thirty-
third street, near Fifth avenue, last night by a
hansom cab, The driver whipped up his horse
and escaped, The boy fell beneath the wheels
of uw passing carriage, fracturing his colar
bone. He was taken to the New York Hospital,
The police arrested the driver whose carriage
hadn’t caused the vaecident and locked him up

Mormon Mission in Louisiana,

New Oavrans, La, Jan, 24.—Bishop Oswald
D. Fiake of the Mormon Church who has been
conducting the Mormon conference here,
announces that his church, after reviewing
the situation, has decided to establish a mis-
sion in Baton Rouge srom which missionaries
Will be sent out to all parte of Louisiana and
Mississippi to win converts,

1f YOU OWN REAL ESTATE,

you are naturally interested in the condition of
the market. THs Stn gives this each day in
its entirety, Ads

|

|

 

  

DAY, JANU

 

 

Company [ Loses a Lot of Men and the
Colonel Threatens to Wipe It Out,

Col, David E, Austen has begun the work of
weeding out the dead-wood in the Thirteenth
Regiment in Brooklyn, and on Monday he dla-
honorably discharged 26° men of Company
I for non-attendanco at drills, He also
threatens to have the company disbanded un-
leas the members get together and unite upon
some person to command tt, The men are op-
posed to Firat) Lieut, Samuel F. Fabn-
stock, who has twice been defeated for the
captainey, Col; Austen also reduced First
Serat, E. J. Pieller of the same company to the
rauks and then dishonorably discharged hin

The reciment will be reviewed at the Bumner
uvenue armory on Jan JO by Comptroller Coler

Application will be made to the Supreme
Cours in Lrooltyn on Jon, 31 for an orter
wetting the accounts of Col, Wilham DL. Wat-
son, as receiver of the old. Thirteenth Reai-
ment, He was appotnted receiver by the
Kupreme Court on July 16, 180s, shortly after
the organization bad been disbanded by Gov
Liack Col Watson has collected since that
time $8,200 ano paid out $4,100, leaving a
balanee of $8,100. The money belongs to the
Association of Otfleers

GEN. % a STANTON DEAD,

Was Paymaster-General of the Army
Dartog the Spanish War.

Omana, Neb, Jan, 23. HH. Stanton, for-
merly Poymuster-General of the Army, dled
this afternoon at his residence in thiselty, He
was OO years old vosterday, Death is the re-
sultofa complication of diseases, whieh fol-
lowed his retirement alter the Spanish War,
Vwice during his military career was Gen,
Staunton statfoned in Omaha, onee from INT

 

He

 

    

to JS8O and again trom ieHO) to Teun
He called Omaha bis tome, and When
pe retired, one ye ago, he came back here

with bis family

Col, Stanton had a taste of fighting long be.
fore he wore a urcform, fle was an ardent
abolition.st and stood shontder to shoulder
with Joba Brown and Jim Lane in Kansas in
ovand SoM ar the siege of Lawrenee, and
Was in about as many ashe contd. get ipto of
thoarmed eouttiets cetween the Free Soil aad
the Lio-Slavery parties,

HITCARY,

 

Andrew 7. White, ex Police Justice and former
Dock Commissioner, died yesterday morning at
bis home, 6 Mount Morns Park West He was
born in Brooklya on dune 5, 1845 fis father was
Peer White, a prosperous merchant He was
educated in the public schools, and at the age of
Pi wentin the fertilizing business with lis brother,
Thomes Po White, under the firm name of Peter
White's Sins. He became associated with Tam
Hiell early in hfe, but when John Welly

refused te make him Police Justice he deserted
Tammany to join the County Democracy, He
was appointed Police Justice in TS8l by M
Grace, Lle served bis full term, and then dropped
outof polities for awlale. He ran for Sheriff on
the County Democrney ticket egeinst Hugh J

 
 

many

  

   

 

    

Grant, ie Tammany candidate, and was beaten
When Richard Croker became leader of ‘Tom-
miny » White returned to the fold, and was
porn appeinted Police Pnstier He resigned the
justiveship in 1892 1 ~ept he appomtment of
Drowks € Mayer Gilrey Hie held
the off L Strong was elected
Mayer lived in the Thirty-tirst

en years, and about ten

leadership [rom Commissioner
A Welde Mr Welde got back
but lost it to Isaae A. Hopper last

 

 

  
  
  
  

fa \ Wi was one of the founders of the
Saute re Club in Ttariem ! was one of its
most liberal contributors to campaign funds

He was a member of the Man
i and Democratic clibs and the Friendly
{ St. Patrick After retiring from) politics

presumed sn active interest ino the der

atevery election

 

 

 

  

 

 
  

tiizing business with his: brother His widow,
turee sons and one daugider survive him

Jolin roull Shaw. MM. oD, died yesterday,
from plours pneunmonta at his home, 142 Clinton
street, Brooklyn, in lis Atty fourth veer He
was born in Jamaica, Wot, and came w this
country int niventiiyear Hewasa gradu
ateof the Lad land tollege Hospital and of
Columbia Sledieal 1! hor several years
he was athiehed tie niedical statf of the Long
Island Alege ti toland of St Mary's Hos
pital tle mad ty of Nervous diseases
and was ib much and a8 On expert witiess
in insanity cases die served for four years as
Superatendent of the blatbush Asylum hie
} a no and summer home at Woodstock,
Co leaves a widew, tiree sons and a
daughter ‘Lhe funeral services will be held
t St Ann's Episcopal Church on the Heights

i
to morrow afternoon
Sister Mary Jerome whose proper name was Mary

      
  
  

 

 

 

 

     

Reardon, div onday at St Join'’s Cathole
liome, St Me , Brooklyn, in her torts
ninth veaur { Police Captain John
A hteardon t Sherman Reards:
She wa { Public School No 2 in
William cin the choteof the Church
of st Vi ‘val She joined the order
‘ t Jowpl twenty two vears ag nd for the
tv yeers has been attached t t John's
un Che funeral services will take place
» tiome ¢ morning, and the interment

will bein St Slary'’s Cemetery, Flushing
be C. W. Ke a well known physician of
southern Pont ’ eled suddeniy yesterday
1 i rte, aged 42 years, He was
) entered Frankun and Mor

in DST) graduated from. the
of the University of Mars
member of the Cumberland

Ivanta Medieal Societies and
th Asseciahion

“Lat his home, in Twenty-

 

Thomas W. herr

 

 

    

  

 

 

first avenue pear E.ghty-sixth street, Benson-
hurst, on Monday of pneumonia He was born in
New Yors in 1853, and for many years had prac
tised law im this cits He had lived in Benson-
hur yhout elgelteen vears, and was identitied
with several benevolent crranizations, He was
also amemler of the Old Guard \ widow and
two sons survive him
Gen. Charles W. Squires died in St Louis
we oat the ag {G0 He leaves a widow,
three sons and a de ter At the close of the
reoliion he went to Missouri and was a Brigadier
i General of n ot the staff of Gov. John S
Photos, He vnaived Hatters Aand commanded
it during the ia orrots of S77

‘tre Beulah Gray iepburn, mother of A B
Hepburn, Viee President of the Chase National
Bank, died yesterday at the age of 08 veara She
was asisterofJ \\) Gray of leveland, Ohio, who
founded the Clereiand laindealer and who was
its proprietor up te the time of his death in 1852

 

The Weather.

Atemporary cold spell, with temperature likely to
run below treezine point on Wednesday nahin
this region, was indicated yesterday by the appear
an of an trea of high pressure coming down from
Canada, overthe Inke redous, where the tempera
ture was falling rapidiy. The coll wave waa fol
lowed in the extreme Northwest by an area of low
pressure and warmer weather, which will make the
life of the cold wave a short one

Pair weather prevailed generally yesterday, except
forcloudiness aud a light fall of enowin the lake
section, and rain in Oregon and Washington.

In this city the day was fair and warmor, wind
southwest to northwest; average velocity twelve
miles an hour, average humidity 67 percent.; .
rometer corrected to read to sea level ats A. M.,
80.02; 8 PB. M,. 24.03

Tho temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, andaleo by THE Sun's thermometer at the
street level, is ehown in the annexed table

 

—tifhcia Sun's —Oficials Sun's
1900, 18 19a 10) 99 1990
OA MST a4 40 & A, M aye nye
12M. 448 a4 43° oP Man? 47°
&P.M.52 su at 2 Mid..40? 44°

 

WASHINGTON PORPCAST FOR WEDNESDAY.

For Massachusetta, Rhode Island and Connecticut,
partly cloudy and much colder Wednesday with
brisk northwest winds: Thursday, increasing clond
iness aud rising temperature

hor eastern New York, portly cloudy and much
cod:r Wednerdty, with a co'd wive im north por
tion, brisk northwester’y winds; rain or mow and
warmer Thursd ty

For eastern Penneylvanta and New Jersey, fair
and colder Wednerday, fresh north winds, Thurs
day, increasing cloud. ne.s aod warmer

For the District of Columbia, Delaware wnd Mary-
land, fair Wednesday with lower temperature and
freeh north winds, increasing cloudiness with ria-
ing temperature Thursdays,

For western Penuaslvania, Uhio and western New
York, partly cloudy Wednesday; Thursday, rain or
snow and rising temp erature, winds ah ftrg to
fresh easterly.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,
Comelins Brown and Willem Randall were Aned
$260 each yestervay by Judge Thooas in the
United Strtes Cicculte Court for iWegally damping
refuse in the harbor

The Rey. Dv, Benjamin F,

 

De Costa, formerly of

the Peotestant Epiacopal Charch, lectured at the
Cathohe Club last eventuy On the Discovery of the
Hudson and the Kelation Thereto of Catholic Navi
gators.’

The Railway Mail Service is thinking of establish-
inw malcare aud service upon the Chatbaw and
Lebanon Valley Retiroad, whieh runs between
Chatham and Petersburg Junction, a: ietance of
forty divemilea Tle matmareat present being car
ried on cross count stages

At the moss meetingto be held at the Academy of
Music on Jan, 28 in memory of Father Mo Glynn,
aove of the epeakers will be the Rev, br, Burtarll,
Kibbi Gotthell, the Rev, Dr. Ro Heber Newton. the
Ivy. Dr. T. J. Ducey, the Rev, Dr. W. Raineford
aod John MeMakin. The Rev. Dr. Lrnan Abbott
has promise) to write a letter, as hasthe Hou James
G. McGutre of Han Freneisco.

 

SSS —_——-

our AUSTEN SHAKING UP THE 13TH. | STE AM SHIP CUT DOWN 3

i

 
  
 
 
 

 

ARDANDHU SINKS AFTER COLLISION
WITH THE HUERMAN WINNT: R.

The Winter Struck the British Vessel Amid-
ships on a Clear Night tu Vineyard
Sound—Two Men Drowned on the Ar-
dundbu--Her Masts Gut of Water,

Vinevanp Haven, Mase.,Jan.23.-The Ene
lish steamship Ardandhu, Capt. Dundas, from

ew London for Halifax, was in collision at
3:40 o'clock this morning with the steaaship
Herman Winter from Boston for New York, off
Quick's Hole fo Vineyard found, The Ar.
dandhu was etruck amidships and eat nearly
intwo. Her crew rushed on deek, Ly keeping
the bow of the Winter in the hole in the Ar-
daodbu all the erew of the Ardandnu were
taken safely on board the Winter, At daylight
Capt. Dundas in calling the roll of his) men

 

found that Chief Engineor Hen Jerson of
Brooklyn, N. Y. ond Becond Mate Frederick
Dowd of Boston wero missing The two

steamers drifted about for several hours and
When the Winter backed out from the Ar-
dandhu she began to Ml rip.dly and sar k
about 0 A.M, off Robinson's Hole in Vineyard
Soun lin thirteen fathoms of water.

The Winter, with Capt. Dun las and craw of

   

the Ardrondbn, arrived off Vinerard Hoven
and the men were transferred from the
Winter to the Susie Do and landed at
Vineyard Haven. The crew were taccn to
the Seaman's Bethe! where they are being
cared for by Chaplain Fdwaris, Cant. Dune
das chartered the Susie BD. ant with Capt

Baker of the Boston Towboat Company went
up to the wreck. They found the Arlandha
sunk with about 25 feet of maste sticking out
of water, The cargo of hay was (oating out

The chances for saving the Ardandhu are
very poor, Bhe lies in deep water and the tides
run very strong. The Winter wil! make tem-
porary repairs here, beginning to-morrow asl
@o to New York under her own steam for per-
manent repairs,

The weather waa clear and there was a mort
erate breeze from the southwest when the
colision oecurred, The Ardandhu was etecin-
ing along at & good rate and the Herman
Winter was making « fair apeed on her ron
through the Found. By a contusion of hienels,
or from sowe other cause which is not appar.
ent at present, the Ardandhu swung to port,
attempting to cross the Winter’s bow, and a
moment later the iron cutwater ofthe Winter
erashed into the steel side of the Ardandha
Capt. Farral!, pilot of the Ardandhu, was the
coptain of the tll-fated Portia, wrecked pear
Halifax last July,

The Ardandhu was under charter tothe In-

 

tercolonial bteamship Company, whieh was
organized to run vessela between New Lon-
don, Hatifax and Cuban ports. She was

owned by Clark & Service of Glasgow, meas-
ured 1,334 tons and was built in TNO3.) she
took aboard 6,000 bales of hay and a large
quantity of potatoes at New Lonton on Mon-
day. She was valued at about $250,000,

ORDERED A SYMPATHY STRINE,

Yale & Towne Employees Quit Work With-

out Any Personal Grievances,

StamMForD, Conn., Jan. 23.-A large number
ofthe buffers and poishers employed in the
main factory of the Yale & Towne Mann-
facturing Company went on a strike this
morning, without giving any warning to the
company. This wasin accordance with orders
from the nutional Exe ve Board of the
union. It wasasympathetic strike on behalf
of the employees at the Branfor! branch of the
company. ‘There was a strike there recently
over a wage dispute

Subsequently the representatives of the na-
tional union came to Stamford] and urged the
polishers and buffers here to quit work ona

  

 

 

 

 

“sympathetic strike” in order to coerce the
company to neeede tothe demands of the Bran-
ford men, About six months ago the rates |
paid at Stamford for polishers and buffers
were revised, and in many @ises advaneed,
the adjustment then made being mutually »
isinctory tothe company and its employees
The latter, there’ore, have no personal grey.
anees, this statemen’ having been unr serve

ediy made by them in a conferenee with the
officials of the company last week. A large
number of the Stan!ord emp oyess were :
posed tonstrike, but yielded to the onlers of
the national union and stopped work No
notice or explanation of apy kind has bee
given tothe company

The Yale & Towse Manufacturing Co. depart.

 

  

ments are mutually dependent upon one ane
other and no one ean long be stopped without
interfering with the operation o! thers, ‘i here.
fore any serions or tong continued impar
ment of the efflefeney of the poliahing ar
buffing rooms woul! eventually react the

other depourtments and involve the necessity of |

Ciosing the entire plaut.

CIGARMAKERS

Violation of Contract as to the Wage Scale
Stirs Manufacturers to Vetion,

Bostosx, Mass., Jan. 23

 

UNION LOCKED O!T,

 

—Twelve hundred

cigarmakers were locked out this morning as |

the result ofa demand upon the manu acturers
for an increase in the rate of wages for certain
kinds of hand work, Al! the men Joeked ont
are union men, but the demand is made by
the cigarmakers as individuals, The
facturers have a contract with the Inter-
national Cigarmakers’ Unio. to pay a certain
sealeofpriees, The acaleisn » foree, and
the scale ot prices ia being paid, The demand
of the cigarmakers is tor $1 a thousand cizars
more than the union price

    
    

The fockout ineluies nearly all the shops
where the inore popular t Isofeunrs are
made, and not only are the L200 iner looked

 

out, but @ considerably jJarger number o
female bands known as strippers, Last week
the frat demand forthe higher rate was mad:
on Breslin and Campbel, and it was granted
Then the other manufacturers were asked for
the higher rave Some refused and locwed
their shops. There wes @ conlorenoe of the
manufacturers, and it wae decided by them to
refuse the alvanece and to hold the men to
their contract with the union, Soe thia morn.
ing we ce garmakers found the shop doore
locke

A mass meeting was held to- lov at Wella
Memortal Hall and it was ao larve that over.
flow meetings had to be heldon the s dewaiks
Tt was said after the session that the gvereral
meeting had voted to ingist on the demand

  

Music and Recitations at Union Meetings.

The Longshoremen's Protective Association
has arranged to relieve the dryness «| its
meetings by vocal and instrumental music and
recitations. [t was found that the attendance
of members was falling off, and those who did
attend the meetings admitted that the mem-
bera did not display any enthusiasm,s#o it was
decided to try to. attract them = by other
methods than speeches,

Strike in a Shoe Factory,

Astrike of LOO operators and fitters in the
Goodwear Shoe Company's factory, 341 East
Fifty-ninth street, took place yesterday to en-
force either an increase of wages or a change
from the weekly wage to the — plece- work
aystem. The eomnany will try to fill the places
of the strikers with girls,

The J. P. Squire Business Increased,

Boston, Jan, 25.~Horatio G, Curtis, C. L
Burrnge and A. L. Ripley, who compose a com-
mittee appointed at a meeting of the creditors
of John I. Squire & Co., heid on Dee, 22, have
sent to the creditors a partial report of progress
made :

“Thea business of John P. Squire,” they say,
“has been carried on by the assignee, and it
has heen possible to make ia redaction in. ex-
penses. Not only has the property been ear.
served, but it has been inecensed, and it ia he.
Hevet atthe Neureaon Feb 1 will show a
profit from the operations of the assignee

Fell Into the River While Asleep.

Thomas Cunningham, a Bellovue Hospital
cor passer, Was caughtlanuggling a bottle of
wiiskey into the hospital last evening by Supt
(ehourke. The supertatendent (nformedCun-
pningham that he might consider his connec.

tion with the hospital permanently severed
Cunningham wander d away down to the foot
of Kast Pwenty-eighthatreet. He emptied the
bottle at one draught and lay down onthe aon
wall, While asleep he rolled over into the
river, He was fished out by some of the hoa
pital orderiies and wag locked up in the prison
ward of the hospital,

Work of the Hebrew Free Loan Association.

The Hebrew Free Loan Association held its
eighth annual meeting in the auditorium of

the Edueational Alliance building at Fast
Broadway and Jefferson atreet last night. The
Kev, Dr. Zins er presided, Charles J. Fleck,

Secretary of ths association, read the annua
report, Which showed that $101,400 had bees
lent to 6,854 persone, and that $23,015 had
been returned on weekly payments, fhe ex-

penses of the association were $2,362. Amo"
he gonations was $14,100 from Jacob if

mane |

| to-morrow

- Mother’sStoryofBaby’sGure

Of a Most Distressing Humor by the
Cuticura Remedies.
When our baby was a week old, eezema appeared on the top of her

suffere
ineffec
abatin

mence
used

- traces

head and spread allover her scalp, face,
and forehead, forming one mass of sores, .
You ean realize how much she must have

dl, when she seratehed ot times til

the blood ran jotermingled with water,
Gur family doctor's treatment proved
‘thal, as the disorder, instead of

g, developed more, We then

stopped all medical treatment, and come

do with Cormers Remeois. We
the Correura Resorvesnt, Cort.

cvra Ointment, and Currecna Soar, all

of the cezema disappeared, the

jy skin and scalp were left perfectly clear
~ and smooth, and she was entirely cured,

Mrs. E. BUTLER,

My oldest boy, age nine veare, waa troubled with sores on different parte
of the body, especially on the leg, about twenty-four inall, They were about
the aize of a five-cent piece, and would fester very much and eject a pus.

"They were very painful.
little girl with CeTicuRA REMEDIES,
this case, but gave him the Curicur
hin in four weeks,

After my above experience with the cure of my

I did not bother with the doctor in
A treatment which completely cured

Mrs. E. BULLER, 1289 3d Ave., 8. Brooklyn, N. Y.

Sleep for Skin-Tortured Babies

AND REST FOR TIRED MOTHERS In a warm bath with CrticrRa Soap, and a single appli.
cation of CUTICURA Ointment, greatest of emollient skin cures, This treatment, assisted
fn the sererer cases by CUTICURA RESOLVENT, to cool and cleanse the blood, affords in.

stant relief, permits rest for parent and sleep

for child, and points to a speedy, permanent,

and economical cure of torturing, disfiguring, Itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, plinply,
and crusted skin and ecalp humors with loss of hair, when all else fails, Sold throughout
the world. COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT. Price, THE Skt, 1.255
or, CUTICURA SOAP, 2, CUTICURA Otntment, S0e,, CUTICURA RPSOLVENT, 5, POTTER

Dru aNd Cie. Corpe., Props,, Boston, “TI

 

low to Cure Every Kind of Humor,” free,

Save Your Halr with warm shampoos of CotrcurA Boar, and Nght dress

ings of CoTICURA, purest of emo!

IHente and greatest of skin cures, This simple,

refreehing, and ineapensive treatment will clear the scaip and hair of crusta,

Te

SEVENTI-FiiST') BATTLE . FLAGS

Turned Over by the Regiment to the Veter-
ernns’ Association,

Prig-Gen Hamilton 8, Hawkins, U. 8. A.
reviewed the Seventy-flrst Regiment at the
armory, Thirty-fourth stroet and Park avenus,
jast night. The members turned out about five
hundred strong, on! were in command of Co!.W.
G. Bates. The Seventys(irst formed part of Gen,
Hawkina’s brigade in the campatgn at San-
tiago, and it was for that reason that he had
been Invited to review the regiment. Tho
General was in citizen's dress, He was es-
corted intothe armory by Co! Bates and his
staff, an! fror inspeeting the companies,
watched the nien march past

The regiment made a fine appearance and
the old tattered flags that waved from the top

 

 

of San Juan Hill aroused considerable ene |
thusiasm Alter saluting the colors, the !
|
Veterans’ Association, about one hundred and |
|
|

fifty strong, marehed into the armory. They
were led by Capt. Goss, the President of the

 

 

   

aseociation When the had taken
their positions, the ba torn flags were
brought up and Col, Bates, in a few well-
chosen words, handed them over to the
veterans to be kept with other trophies won in |
the civil War. Capt, Goss received the flags |
and handed them tothe color oearers of the
association, | AL Fergueon and J, 8. Turner. |
They are the two oldest members cf the regi. |
ment, Ferguson having enlisted in 1851 and

Turner in bSou

\fter this eeremony Col
addressed those present
sented tothe regiment ly the Sons of the
American Kevolution, That. ceremony took

weon boar! the transport Vigilancia in this
arbor just before that vessel aailed for Santi-
ace, Atthe battle of San Juan Hill the tags
Werecarrie) with the men and whenthe till
wastaken they were planted on the highest

Charles F. Homer
The flags were pre- |

 

 

   

ridgean.: few there until that city surren- |
dered

thera were two other presentations last
eventing. Comy vy Dgot the bronze trophy,
“Th te Mea,’ for having made the best
percen a it iris daring the season and
Company I asiiver cup for having done the

 

best reerulting |

Police Sergeant Zwingman on Trial for

Drounkenness,

}

Polive Sergeant William Zwingman of the }

Liberty a »atation, Brooklyn, was before |
Polce C onmissionor York yesterday to answer
toacharge of disord ory conduct’ and intoxieas
tion. Three weeks ago Zwingman boarded a
troilevearofthe Th rlavenue division of the

Brooklyn Hanid Transit Company on its way
to Biv Ridge. He -wsstn tull uniform and, ac.
ordinigto a statement made ty George Par-
. the vind several passengers, he
was uoderthe influence of liquor He stretehed
his teet coross the als ana when @ Woman
tried to leave the car at Thirt avenue and
Piftyeseoond street she was tripped up by
Zwingman fell tathe floor Parsons re-
onstrates ith Zwingman and the latter
struek him oa blow in the face. Zwingman
afterward went into the depot at Third avenue
and Piltv-eighth street and ereated a disturbs
auee. Decision was reserved,

 

 

 

 

   

Navy Yard Notes,

The cruiser Prairie bad all her ballast re-
moved at the Navy Yard in Brooklyn yester-
dav. She will now go into dry dock to have
alight repairs made prior to her leaving for
Baltimore where she is to take on the agricul:
turalesh tor the Paris Exposition

hear Admiral Philip and Capt. Wildes visited
the bittleship Pesos vestertayand paid their
respeets toCommander Willam€ Gibson, who
on ‘tonday redeved Capt. Charles D. Sigabre
of the commandofthe vessel Capt, Sigsbee
left Beookiye ior Washington yesterday. The
Texas wil leave the yard for the West Indies

 
 

|
, ae ae 7 twat |
Explorer of Thibet Lectures, |

A. Henry Savage Lander lectured forthe first
time in America at Chickering Hall lase night
ov bie travels and tortures in the forbidden
land of Thibet) There were about one thousand
people atthe lecture, Mr. Landor ia past thirty, |
under medium height, His health is now
as good as before his privations anid tortures in
the Landof the Lamas two and ahalf veare
ago, except tuat his eyesight is apparentiv
permanentiy affected by the red hot iron sear |
ne apphed by the torturera of Gvatsho, the
Thibetan city where the explorer was taken
after his capture,

|

Two Fire Captains Retired.

Capt. Geprge W Van Cott of Engine Com-
pany 14 of Brooklyn and Capt. Andrew |
Gafney of Engine Company in Fase |
Broadway, Manhattan, were retired — by
the Fire Department yesterday, Capt, Van
Cott, after having been on the ack
list formorethan a year, and Capt. Gafney,
on his own apelication, having served more
than twenty yrara Inthe foree. Fach will re-
ceive a pension of $1,000 a year

This Baby Was Korn at the Hospital Gate.

Mrs. Mary Buck of
gave birthto a femal

‘4 East Houston street,
child yesterday after-

 

noon in a Gouverneur Hospital ambulanee
yust oa it was passing through the gate ar
Be lewue Hevist'ar Gieeson put down the

} age ot the chid as one second, and be added a

level

noethatthe buby was the vounweat patent
admatted to the hospita Both mother
indehild were reported to be doing well last
pight

Why Does Ths Sun

helevethat it is espectally adapted to do your
wilvertising ?) Boowuse in ail New York there
ik no man of property, no man ot real sub.
stunee, no eitizen oF standing and of honorabia
amtition whod read Tit SUN. = Ado

  

os

GLOBE = Cc

A SYSTEM OF UNITS.

A constant ald
to a progressive business.

FULTON &

| saW A Man standing

' the @ana tian Government,

scales, and dandruff, soothe irritated and itehing surfaces, stimulate the halr
follicles, supply the roote with energy end nourishment, and make the bair grow
on o clean, Wholesome ecalp when, all else fails,

EER eee ene nen

ROBBED BY TIGHWAYMEN.

MR, STEPNENS ATTACKED IN A FIELD
NEAR HIS HOME,

 

Although Left for Dead He Rallied and
His Cries Bronght Help--Robbers Must
Have Known His Habits, for They Lay ta
Walt on a Short Cut Across Lots,

John H, Stephens, 25 vears old, ason of Wiles
liam L, Stephens, a feed dealer, and residing
with his father in Sunimerfleld avenue, Mari-
ners’ Harbor, Staten Ishin), was assaulted and
robbe ] exrly yesterday morning near his home,
A gold watch and ehain, a diamond searfpin
and more than $100 in eash was taken, Bere
geant Joseph Cobb and Roiundsman J.P Smith
yesterday afternoon arrested two men Qa Buse
picion tn eonnection with the case

Stephens spent the evening with Misa Lizzte
Cannon, who resides in Andreas avenue, about
a half-mile from his home. She says that
Stepnens left her house at 12:20 ocloek, He
took a short cut to hiwhome through a fleid
near the Cannon house, between Audreas and
Summerfield avenues. As he was walking
along he was struck from behind, Then he
turned ground and met with another blow
which rendered him ineens.ble

The firat that was known of the assault wag

at 12:55 o'clock when his cries of “Help!
help!” attracted the attention of De Forest
elven, who lives in Van Polit avenue and is

employed by the Rapid Transit Railroad in the
yarda at Mariners’ Harbor. Gelven went in
he direction from which the sounds came and
iwainst telegraph pole
by the railroad track with dirty. and disar-
ranged e othing anda faee eovered with blood,

The tront of tis clothing was sineaved with
bood, hfs watsteoat rh oben, his necktia
covered with blood ! awry and his collar

 

nenriy torn from his shirt

  

“Help, helo, Billy, loin! they're beating
me!” cried Rteplhens ihe thom of!

} Belventhen reeognice) Steoh took hit
home and Dr. FE. D ¢ nievof Pore Riehm aa
Was suminoned Stentens seamed dazed but
wis atleto tell the menibers of his family that

men andto give
He wos delirious
Yesterday morn-
beteved that

he had baen assaulted by two
some deseription of them
during the rest of the night
fng he seomed better, but it is
hie skull is fraetured,

His hat, dented in, adollar banknote and a
watchchain bar were found by the police in
the fleld where the assault took place

Phe men arrested are Walter Hollie, 22 years
old. and John Cook, 1 years old, both of Mare
inors’ Harbor, They were taken before Magise
trate Croak and remanded until Jan, 25.

Stephens describes one of his assailante ag
verv tall and slim, with a smooth face, and
dr seed in dark clothes, witha biack, soft hat
ind nooversout: the other as short and stout
wth a black mustache, and dressed tn dark
clothes, ineluding an overcoat and a black
derby bat, On the missing wateh are the
initiala HOS.’ both on the outside and the
inside of the case

Srophens is a eolloctor for hia father and is
acenstomed to have considerable money in hig

pockets

 

   

 

Tight and
Ownership.

Morwt Virrvovs, N. Y., Jan, 23.—Mayor Ed-
win W. Fiske in aspecial massage to the Com-
mon Coune!! to-night urged that the poliey of
municipal ownership be applied to the water
works and electrie light plants of the city. The
Mavor saya the city should own these as soon
as the necessary leayiatation can be secured giv-
Ing the aldernien the power tocordemn and
purchase the present points A bill ooking to
the aequistiion of the prosent water plant hoe
been prepared bv Dro Brush aud other
Prominentetizens and is now in \ihany waite
ing to be futroduced into the Legislature,

Mount Vernon's Water Worke

 

Wants Free Trace tn Electricity.

Nragana Farns, NY, Jan. 23. —The Nivgara
Falls Power Company, the largest producer of
electricity in the United States, has passed @
resolution stating that the company is of posed

toaduty upon electriaity generated in Canada
and transmitted to the Unvted states; that the
imposition of such a duty ia not required for
the protection of any American industry; and
thatit migh! invite retaliatory legislation by

 

For a Pa

Alderman Water introdueed a resolution ta
the Board of Aldermen yesterday, authorizing
an jasue of bonds forthe purchase of property
for a public park in South Brooklyn. The
property, for whose purchase the resolution

rovides, is bounded by Baltic, Columbia and
farrison streets. and the Faat river, and is
assessed at $280,000, The resolution was
referred

k in South Brooklyn,

 

 

 

7 Slightly Hurt by a Boiler Explosion,

A boiler on the seeond fl or of the syrup
mixing house of Henry Adams, Jr, at 53 Front
street, exploded at noon yesterday wounding
Charles Wiilams, the engineer, on the head,

 

and slightly ingurnmg six other employees
Williams was sent to the Hudson street
hospital The othermen went home A smal
fire followed the explosion which did $750

dimage, Theengineer coull not account for

the acellent
satchel, Bank Book and $606 Picked Up,

A handbag containing a pocketbook In whieh

 

 

were Shi two bunches of keys anda bank
book of the Germania Savings Bank of Kings
county, bearing the tame Anua b, ©. Woelms
ard the number 29.402, wos taken to Polios
Heatquortecs yesterday by George Back,”
retired p man diving ar deh West lee
atreet. Baek said that he had found the hand-

bagina Tiirdavenue car at the Post Office at
2 o'oeoek Vesterday alterioon

uv

TIC FILING CABINETS
1a) eS 2 ol 818)
ereterote sI31-b ty,

ay a ew
iat |] 7
a ieaneink hail

PEARL 8TS.

 

EE SS ae a a ee ee