}
;
5
{
'

 

eee cc ATT EC CCI Re

ee I AACN tte tthe ate lca es AN rece tom tegen oe

  
  
 

lations to this country are matters of para-
mount concern to the people of United
States. No other great power would, under
similar circumstances, fall to assert a
=] rightful control ver a work so closely and
vitally affecting its interest and welfare.”
= | These views were reiterated in the inaugural
address delivered by President GAKFIELD

       

AY, JA

NUARY 24, 1900,

  

dD

 

NES
fubscriptions by Mail, Poatpald,

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

  

; wo bo) 08 March 4, 1881, “We shall urge,” sal
oe ed oe 600 | the President, “no narrow policy, nor seek
BUNDAY, per Wear... cece eer eee 200] peculiar or exclusive privileges in any come
DAILY AND BUNDAY, por Year ..cesev $007 inercial route; but, in the language of my
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month. .....+ 70 predecessor, I believe it to be ‘the right

Postage to foreign countrios added.
Tux Sox, New York City,

—

Panie—Kiosque No, 13, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevarde dos Capucines.

and duty of the United States to assert and
maintain such supervision and authority
over any interoceanic canal across the isth-
mus that connects North and South Amer
ica as will protect our national interests.’”
Tho first communication relating to this
subject sent by Mr, BLAINE, Secretary
of State, to Mr, Lowenn, then our Minister
to Great Britain, was dated June 24,
1881, Mr. Bruaine said that the United
States would not interfere with the pro-
jected Panama Canal considered 4s @ com-
mercial enterprise; “but its political con-
trol must be in the hands of this country,”
such control being provided for by the
treaty of 1846 between the United States
and the Republic of New Granada, Mr.
BLAINE added that an agreement between
the powers of Europe to guarantee jointly
the neutrality, and, in effect, control the
political character of the Panama Canal,
and, inferentially, any trans-isthmian canal
“would be viewed by this Government with
the gravest concern.” EarlGRANVILLE, the
British Secretary for Foreign Affairs, did

It eur Sriends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
gust in all cases send stumps for thal purpors,

Bad Business.

The investigation into the title of
Ropexts, the Mormon, to his seat in the
House of Representatives shows that the
argument against it 1s both foreed and
flimsy, Still worse is the pretence that
inasmuch as the exclusion of RoBERTS Is
likely to be adopted by a vote large enough
to expel him, wero he seated, the Constitu-
tional requirement in the case will be satis-
fled. This is a juggle simply.

There is no substantial obstacle to Ron-
rrts'’s taking the oath, other than the
will of the committee that opposes him
and its power to execute it, assuming that,
unfortunately, It has that power,

If the House of Representatives, for not reply to this despatch til Nor.
which at present the Republican party ig | 19, rh = ‘ ne a stantially,
si > mmended | ¢onfincd —himse ® pay ;
Serene Tayler committeo, 1 wil g position of Great Britain was deter-

by tho Tayler committee, it will goa long
way toward getting for itself the reputa-
tion for recklessness and caprice {n admin.
istering publio affairs that put the Demo-
cratic party out of office.

mined by the provisions of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty, To this assertion, Mr.
BuALNE replied in a letter to Mr. LOWELL,
dated Nov, 19, 1881, The views set forth
{in his letter are those held by a great ma-
jority of well-informed Americans to-day,
They may be condensed as follows: Tho
Clayton-Bulwer convention was made forty
years ago under conditions which “were
temporary in their nature, and can never
be reproduced.” Tho remarkable develop-
ment of the United States on the Pacitlo
coast since that time has created dutics for
the Federal Government, the discharge of
which requires modifications of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty, Mr. BLAINE proceeded
to point out that “the operation of the
treaty practically concedes to Great Britain
the control of any canal that may be con-
structed,”

Why? “Because it {s incumbent upon
Great Britain, with its extended colonial
possessions, to maintain & much larger
naval establishment than we require,
Hence, if the United States bind them.
selves not to fortify a Nicaragua canal on
land, Great Britain, then, would have an
advantage which would prove decisive in
the possible case of a struggle for the

The Nicaragua Canal and the Clay-
ton-Bulwer Treaty.

The opponents of the Nicaragua Canal
Dill, which has been reported to the Senate
of the United States, allege that it Involves
a violation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
As this objection constitutes the principal
objection to the bill, it may be timely and
useful to review the treaty’s history,

In order to comprehend the motive
which impelled our Government to enter
into the convention named, and the consid-
eration for the compact which we supposed
ourselves to have acquired, it is indispen-
sable to recall the circumstances under
which the transaction occurred, Weshould
begin by mentioning that, in the course of
the year 1847, differences had arisen be-
tween the Republic of Nicaragua and a
tribe of Indians called Mosquitos, who
dwell upon the Atlantic coast of the Nica-
raguan isthmus, and over whom Great
Britain claimed to exercise somo kind of

protection, On Jan, 9, 1848, the Nica] control of the interoceanlc waterway.
raguans hoisted their flag in San] ype treaty, moreover, binds the United
Juan del Norte, otherwiso known} states not to use its military force in any
as Grey Town, which was generally | precautionary measure, while It leaves tho
regarded as the Inevitable terminus | payal power of Great Britain perfectly free
of any rafilway or canal croseing the | and unrestrained, If no American soldier

isthmus within the territory of Nicaragua,
On tho following 2d of February was
signed the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
between this country and Mexico whereby
we acquired California, and, immediately
afterward, Great Britain espoused the
cause of the Mosquitos and forced the
Nicaraguans to terms.

This act was construed by our Govern-
ment as indicative of an intention tu
prevent the construction of a canal across
the American isthmus with American
money and under American — protec-
tion and control, The relations between
Great Britain and the United States soon
assumed a threatening aspect, and one of
the first administrative measures of Presi-
dent TayLor, after he took office on March
4, 1849, was to send a diplomatio agent to
Central America, Soon after this agent's
arrival, the British took foreible possession
of certain islands inthe Bay of Fonseca, on
the Pacitle side of the Nicaraguan isthmus,
ostensibly to enforce claims for the indem-
nifieation of British subjects against tho
States of Honduras and Salvador, but in
reality, as Americans believed, to compel
this country to enter into an agreement for
a joint construction and operation of the
proposed canal, At all events, it was evi-
dent that delay might augment the mis-
understanding aud precipitate a conflict.
Accordingly, Mr. Cuayton, the Secretary
of State, and Sir Henry BuLwer, repre-
senting Great Lrituin, framed tho treaty of
April 19, 1850, the first article of which
provides that ueither Government “ will
ever obtain or maintain for itself any exclu-
sive control over the ship canal which may
be constructed between the Atlantic and
the Pacitle oceans by the way of the River
San Juan de Nicaragua, or either or both of
the lakes of Nicaragua or Managua, to any
port or place on the Pacifle Ocean; or
erect or maintain any fortifications, “or oc-
cupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, or
exercise any dominion over Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, the Mosquito Coast, or any part
of Central America; or make useof any pro-
tection which either power may affofd, or
any alliance which elther power has, or may
have to or with any State or people,” for
any of the above purposes.

After the treaty was signed, Slr Henry
BuLWER filed in the State Department a
memorandum to the effect that nothing in
the treaty should be held to abrogate the
right of British subjects to maintain their
woodcutting “settlement” in the coast dis-
trict known as the Belize, and Mr. CLhayton
stated that such was his understanding,
Our Government is in nowise bound by Mr.
CLAYTON'S statement, But, even if it were,
the “settlement” of which Sir Henny Bur
WER spoke, which merely gave to British

isto be quartered on the isthmus, no war
vessel of Great Britain should be allowed in
the waters commanding either entrance to
the canal.” Mr. Buaine proceeded; “ This
Government With respect to European
States will not consent to perpetuate any
treaty which impeaches our rightful and
long-established claim to priority on the
American continent.” It would be, he said,
as reasonable for the United States to
demand a share in the fortifications by
which Great Britain excludes all other
powers from the waters of the Red Sea, and
thus virtually controls the Suez Canal, or
to demand their neutralization, as for
England to make the same demand tn per-
petuity from the United States with respect
to the transit across the American
continent.

Attention was also directed by Mr, BLAINE
to the fact that, by the supervision of the
United States alone, could a trans-isthmian
canal be secured against the obstruec-
tions ineldent to war, Our Government
is, of all Governments, the least likely
to be engaged in war, 80 that, while, for
self-protection, she asserts her right to
control the Nicaragua Canal, she also offers
the practical neutralization of it as respects
European powers, We observe, finally, that
the letter to Mr. Lowrerr did not fail to lay
stress upon the truth above mentioned
that one of the motives which induced our
Government to assent to the Claytons
Bulwer treaty, a motive plainly inferable
from every line of the convention, was the
expected aid of British capital That ex-
pectation has not been realized, The
changed condition of the United States
since 1850 has diminished, if not extin-
guished, any advantage to be derived from
that source, The resources of the American
Government and of the American people
are alnply sufficient to construct an inter.
oceanic canal, Foreign capital can no
longer enter as an essential factor into the
determination of the problem,

For the reasons just Indicated, Mr.
BLAINE proposed certain modifleations of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. He would
cancel every part thereof which forbids the
United States to fortify the canal or to hold
the political control of it in conjunction
with the country in which it 1s situated.
He would also treat as obsolete the clause
of the convention to the effect that treaty
stipulations should be made for a joint pro-
tectorate of any trans-isthmian railway or
eanal, Mr. Biatne would retain in full
foree, he said, every part of the treaty
whereby Great Britain and the United
States had agreed to make no acquisition
of territory in Central America, On the
other hand, he had no objection to
maintaining the clause looking to

pubjects the right of denizenship and] the establishment of a free port at
woodcutting under the sovereignty of | each end of the proposed canal, and
the Republic of Honduras, was, after} he thought that ‘the distance from
the beginning of our Civil War, trans. |] eitherend of the canal where, in time of war,

Britain

course,

formed by Creat into a Crown
Colony, which, of involved the
assumption of British sovereignty, For
this reason, and because of the disappoint-
ment of the expectation entertained at the
time of the framing of the Clayton-Bul-
wer treaty, an expectation constituting
another reason for our assent to that
treaty, that, namely, that British capital
would be forthcoming for the construction
of a Nicaraguan canal, & message sent from
the White House to the Senate on March ¥,
1880, expressed the following view; “The
policy of this country is a canal under
American control. The capital invested in
the enterprise look for protee-

be made, should be as
liberal as possible.” In his answer to Mr.
BLAINeE'S despatch, Earl GRANVILLE re-
fused to recognize any weight in the argu-
ments above adduced, or to accept the con-
clus.ons drawn from them,

Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN, who succeeded Mr,
BLAINE in the office of Secretary of State,
transmitted to Mr, LoweLL a view of the
canal question somewhat different from Mr,
BLAINE'S. He maintained that a protector-
ate of the territory, through which the
trans-isthinian canal may run, ought to be
exercised jointly by the United States and
the Central American republic concerned,
and by no other power, A protectorate in

captures might

niust

tion to one or more of the great pow-| which one or more European nations
ers of the world, No European power | should participate, would be, he said, in
can be allowed to intervene for such | conflict with the Monroe Doctrine, whieh

protection.” The United States must ex-
ereise such control as will enable this coun-
try to protect its national interests and
maintain the rights of those whose private
capital is embarked in the work.” Sucha
cana) would, virtually, be a" part of the
ooast line of the United States; and its re-

“is cherished by the American people, and
has been approved by the Government of
Great Britain Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN went
on to say that Great Britain now exercises
absolute sovereignty over Belize, or British
Honduras, and that, since 1850, the boun-
daries of the Belize settlement, now trang

      
   

 

formed into a Crown Colony, had been
greatly extended at the cost of the nelgh-
boring American republics, Yet, under
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, neither the
United States nor Great Britain bas the
right to exercise sovereignty over, or to
colonize, one square foot of Central America,
Inasmuch as Great Britain has violated, and

continues to violate, that provision, Mr. |
FPRELINGHUYSEN concluded that the Clay. |

ton-Bulwer treaty is voldable at the pleas-
ure of the United States,

That is precisely the position taken by
the committee whieh has unanimously res
ported the Nicaragua Canal bill to the Sen-
ute. The position is that Great Britain
having failed to conform to the provisions
of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, that treaty
is voidable at our option, and the Congress
of the United States will proceed to exer
cise the option,

 

Football.

Another attack on football has been made
and repulaed, Dr, 8. 5. Curry of Boston,
whose fancy is harmonious physical de-
velopment, but who by profession is a
teacher of elocution, indicted the game for
its destructive effect upon the bodily sym-
metry of the players, According to him
it makes them abnormal all around, in tho
excessive development of thelr surface
muscles, In their method of breathing, in
almost all their positions and movements
during a game or practice, and these
abnormalities tend to become fixed, ‘Thus,
according to Dr. Curry, the football player
becomes unsymmetrical and seldom regains
a graceful carriage. Like a Strasburg
goose he is a victim of specialisin. His
development is partial and not to be come
mended from an msthetic point of view.

If there are any figures and measurements
which support this theory, we have not
seen them, Like the rest of the publi, how-
ever, We have seen the young gods of the
plyskin, both in their armor and in their
ordinary togs, and it never oceurred to us
to pity them as tho blighted victims of ab.
normality, Many of them are given to
other athletic sports besides football, and
all of them have a heartiness of aspect and
a contidence of motion that impose upon
the unscientific beholder,

Dr. Jay W. Skaver, the Yale anthro-
pometrician, Whose observations on the
diameters of the heads of college girlé are
still fresh in the memory, denies squarely
the Curryan theory, As the physical di-
rector of Yale, he has bad ample opportus
nity to study comparative athletics, He has
made a great many measurements of stu.
dents engaged in the various athletic
sports, and he has investigated the phys-
icul effects of each sport, He finds that
the football nen, instead of being abnormal
and unsymmetrical, are more consistently
and compreheusively developed than any
other athletes, The multiplicity and cons
stant change of positions in football ought
to produce such a result, It is evident toa
layman that football is much less conven-
tional and monotonous than rowing or any
one form of track athletics aud that it has
a larger play of variation and surprise than
baseball, As to the internal
which, in the view of Dr. Curry, suffer
some injustice at the hands of football, Dr,
SEAVER says that the diaphragim is the
only internal muselo affected by football,
and that football the
phragm than any other exercise except
long-distance running. Probably the foot-
ball men will be found to be well supplied
in the matter of diaphraguus.

Dr. Savace, the physical director of
Columbia, poohpoohs the Curryan theory
and ce football the best all-
around developer of the muscles, He has
never known # case Where a player's pllys-
jeal development was hurt by it,

Dr. Curry's indictment will
dismissed, But there will be
before spring.
very good men in the United States who
can't help worrying and losing their sleep
over football,

museles

does more for dla

ebrates as

have to be
& hew
There are some otherwise

ole

Itallan Feuds tn New York,

On Sunday afternoon there was in the
Fust Side of the town @ controversy bee
tween Sicilians which culminated in the
killing of three participants and the Bub-
sequent incarceration of two as offenders
and the holding of six persone as wit-

It is noticeable that despite a
increase in Italian immigration
into this city and the growth of
the resident Italian population from
60,000 in 1800 to more than 100,000 in
1000 in New York, there has been a marked
decrease inthe number of crimes charged
to Italians and a great improvement not
only in their material condition but in their
law-abiding ways, With an Italian popu-
lation of 100,000, recent fizures
show the number of arrests of Italians in
this county to have been less during a
given quarter than the number of arrests
of colored residents, not 60 Dumerous by
one-half, and to have been smaller than the
number of arrests of Greeks and Syrians, a
much smaller fraction of the foreign popu-
lation of town,

Serious crimes among Italians in New
York are very few; offences against publis
order are rare among them, Italians make
good American citizens and such outbreaks
as that of Sunday last are |
frequent each year.

Nesses,
wreat

police

coming less

The Legislature and the National Guard,

The meeting of the Lew.sliture each year
has been the signal heretofore for the dise
cussion of projects affecting the militia, or
National Guard, of this State, Sowell, how-
ever, has the present Military Code worked,
80 good has been the progress made under
it, that probably the changes desired, or
even likely to be suggested, will be much
fewer than for many years past. The re-
port of the Adjutant-General even puts for-
ward the stall organization as a model for
that of the Regular Ari

The most important of the questions af-
fecting the eMeiency of the National-Guard

concerns stuiall artits Phe

 

Guard is armed
Springtield rifles, of the latest

cortainiy, but hone the leas obsolete,

now with
model
and the Legislature needs to provide for
the substitution ofthe Krag-Jorgensen rifle

now used by the Army

Another subject of importance is the
development of the artillery arm of the
State service, New York, although the

chief commercial State of the Union, with

the most important

eily and forts on
the coast, has no heavy of seacoast
artillery force, although until reeently
the National Government would have
been unable to man the Torts pros

vided for Lhe defence of this eit ¥: and hore
after, unless the proportions of artillery. to
infantry and cavalry in the Army aa it will
be after July 1, 1901, are wholly different
fron, what they are now, even with the
enlarged army there will not be enough
artillerymen to furnish guuners and eane
noneers for the forts in the harbor

The experience of Massachusetts, with ite

 

 

r
ee

First Heavy Artillery Regiment, shows that
the seacoast artillery service is not beyond
the grasp of the National Guard; and the
Legislature might well appropriate money
and provide for the transfer of some exist.
ing regiment from the infantry to the heavy
artillery, or even for the organization of @
new regiment of artillery.

The Flurry in State Politics.

If there ig anything simpler than the
polities involved in the case of Superin-
tendent Payn of tho State Insuranco
Department Tux Sun does not know it,
The Hon, Tnropoke RoosevELT Was
nominated and elected Governor by the
Republican party on a platform in which
practically tho substitution of another
Superintendent of Insurance for Mr. PaYN
Was as well-deflued a plank as any
other, Mr, Payn so understood it,
because he not only opposed RoosEVELT's
nomination, but even hiselection, Instead
of the Governor's effort to obtain another
Superintendent being an attack upon the
party organization, opposition to his desire
is an attack upon the Governor and,
through him, upon the party, for, 80 long
as he violates no agreement or understand-
ing with his party, he represents it.

All this is clear and true, independent
of the question whether Mr, PayN made
threats against the Governor yesterday, 43
he is reported to have done, or not.

The Responsibilities of a Republic.

Mr. Bryan has come to New York this
time bringing a phrase which puts an old
idea in a new form, rather effective at first
sight.

“My contention,” be says, ‘is that a re-
publix can have no subjects.”

Such was likewise the theory of GERONIMO,
of Captain Jack of the Modoo tribe, and of
the late Mr, SiTrrIna BuLL.

 

 

How can Col, BRYAN bear to go to Harris-
burg and confer with the Democratic brethren?
Everything will remind him of the lapse and
lamentable backsliding ofthe Hon.Jog SiBLey,
who was once so near to his boom and bosom,
JoserH has abandoned his brethren, False,
fleeting, moneyed Joseru! The Colonel will
have todrop u few tears and remarks and re-
vise his list of Democratic candidates for Vice-
President.

The Ancient and Honorable Artillery
Company has returned to its armory in recon-
structed Faneuil! Hail, and begun a perpetual
eampaign, Wetake from the Boston Journal
an account of the new fortifications:

* The commiesariat is a gem of convenience anda
revelation in itself, A uew private staircase enables
it to be entirely shut off from all intrusion.”

There, impregnably fortifled, the company
keeps on studying fortification,

Woe judge that the introduction for books is
decidedly in vogue.—Harvord ¢ ourant,

Pray, why are all the introduotions that are
not written by Mr, ANDREW LanG written by
Prof. GEORGE SALNTSBURY? Is there an latros
duction Trust?

A member of the Massachusetts Legisla-
ture has introduced # bill providing that no
lawyer or other ageut whoseeks to affect legia-
lation, shall be allowed to enter the State
House unless he wears a badge labelled * Legis-
jative Agent,” or “ Legislative Counsel.” The
Massachusetts Legisiature has more need of
protection from cranks than of protection from
lobbyists; butifcranks had to wear badges in
Massachusetts, there would not be metal
enough to muke the badges of,

It is painful to learn from the Worcester
Cozetfe that “there have been many dreadful
crimes in Woreester county during the past ten
years,” and that “Worcester county is becom.
ing as bad asthe wilds of Africa.” Doubtless
this regrettable state of things will change as
soon as Worcester county begins to feel the
effect of the Hon, Geouaw Furspig Hoar's
recent resolutions ia favor of the True, the
Beautiful aud the Good

Capt. MeCaLtna of the Newark feels
* satistied that every dollar spent by the Gov-
erument on theisland of Guam will be returned
to our country a bundred fold.” This will
etrike the anti-expansiouists as “base com-
merclalism.” These gentlemen insist that
there is no mouey in expansion; and if any-
body is guilty of showing there 1s, he is a sor-
did creature tainted with “commercialism,”

The Hon Grorok FRED WILLIAMS pre-
siding ata Get Together Club ts a rare bird.
When the immortal WiLL14M8 gets into a
political party or club, a strong Get Away
movement begins at once,

Gen. Molineux,

To THE Epiron or THe Sun—Sir:; The mur-
der trial which is dragging its wearisome way
through our courts has been productive of nev.
erul notable features that have been duly com-
mented upon in the public prints,

One feature, however, seema to have escaped
the attention of the scribes who have expa-
tiated upon the passivenesa of Mr. Weeks, the
methodical procedure of Mr. Osborne and the
consistency of the Recorder, The noisome
muss of evidence, insinuation and imvective
has served to throw into higher relief the
grandeur of the character of the father of the

Be

wee

 

Gen Molineux has devoted his fortune, his
reputation, his bratos, his time to the support
of hissson

It isan example of parental responsibility as
unusual as itis grateful. Not for one instant
hus this inanswerved from the line of his ree
sponsibility forthe son he brought into this
world of strife and temptation; not for one
moment bas be failed to remind the world
that he created this being accused of heinous
crime, and that he stands beside his creation,

bFrom the day thatthe Lord God drove man,
his creation, “made in his own image,” from
the Garden of Eden, parents have provreated
carelessly and left their offspring to tight out
the battle of life, unassisted, half educated
frequently physically and morally incapable of
Withstanding the tem prationa of their environ-
ment, Which their fathers realized and had
exponenced, but trom which they failed to pros
tect their children

What a contrast Gen, Molineux presents to
the average father!

Day atter day, Week after week, month after
month, this modest gentleman has sat beside
an alleged degenerate and criminal and amid
the taunts of outraged counsel, the insinua-
tions of embittered Witnesses, even the sneers
ol negro wenches, hus given vienal evidence of
hig comradeship for the son of his creating
witha manly Vigurthat puts to shame every
Parent that ever repulsed a recreant son or
disowned an erring daughter, Guility or inno.
cent, Koland bB, Molineux is to. be congratu-
lated upon the possession of such a father,

JAN. 20. F, Fexnts,

Barbara Fritehie Was There,

To vue Eprrowor Tur Sus—Sir: lam glad to see
that you have rescued Barbara Frietchie from the
realm of myth, She was a veritable personage and
loyal to the core, Ihave a photograph of her, taken
after ber welcoming (splay of the United States flag
to the Union forces as they were passing through
Frederick city, It was given me in January, 1865, by
her nephow, Gideon Bantz, a loyal resident of Fred-
erick city anil, at that time, in charge of the stores of
the Christian Con mission, the depository of which
waa in the office of his tannery, Her death occurred
some time before the above date. Mr. Whittier took
a poet's license in making her defy with her flag the
rebel General ip a previous ware Lburough Frederick
But Mr, Bante told me she did on that occasion
make some Very polute!l remarks to the rebel sol-
divers as they passed her door or lofiered along the
sidewalk Hers Was the only Union tag in sight on
the streets When the Union force went through, and
the Union General sentan orderly to express to the
4 i

lady his appreciation of her act
Mipptes ay, Vt. Jan. Lu

‘
J. 0, Hovautom,

A “Longish Service.”
From the London & obe
A rector announced from the pulpit last Bunday
thatat “LL o'clock on New Year's eve @ midnight
eervice would be hell to welcome in the new cen-
tury. One of the church wardens was heard to
whispers "Lougish service!”

   

nce re OT CE

‘

Cee ene Teeny ernbets Mtr aa

THE SITUATION IN NATAL,

The accounts from Boer sources contained
in the despatches from Pretoria of the ree |
cent fighting north of the Tugela, give a!
view of it somewhat different from that
furnished by the British reports, It would
now appear that Gen. Warren's division essayed
a turning movement against the Boer right
which practically failed, and that then a
frontal attack was undertaken that produced
ho substantial results, Meantime Lord Dun-
donald’s cavalry has been held in hand ready
for eventualities. The eventuality desired is
the compulsory retirement of the Boers from
their positions on the rightand their ae paration
from the main body, when the cavalry and ar-
tillery would be let loose upon them, So far they
have succeeded in averting such a disaster,
and have held the British in cheek beyond
reach of their main positions. The transport
difMlculty, as was to be anticipated, has already
made itself felt on the British side, and may
necessitate a recasting of the plan of opera-
tions, The first plan has obviously failed, and
meantime the operations based upon it have
come to a standstill, at least that may be in-
ferred from the absence of any news of further
fighting since Sunday evening,

According to the Boer accounts the British
are expending artillery ammunition in avery
prodigal fashion, they, on their side, by the
British reports, making but little use of their
artillery andreiying almost entirely on their
Mausers, Tho statement that the British
naval guns are firing armor-piercing shells
into the Boer intrenchments points to the ex-
haustion of the supply of ordinary shells,

What line of operations Gen, Buller may
decide on adopting, now that his first efforts
have been unsuccessful, must be a matter of
real anxiety to him. The Colenso frontal
attack was n disaster; the recent turning
movement at. npted, perhaps too cautiously,
followed by a frontal attack not pressed home
has proved abortive, There seems then but
one thing left, and that is, while engaging the
enemy vigorously all along the line to launch &
column through the central part of his
positions and, wheeling to a flank, take one of
the wings in reverse, when, under the double
attack In front and rear, the enemy would be
compelled to abandon them with heavy loss,
and in this way the other wing would be forced
to quit the fleld and the way would be opened
forthe advance on Ladyamith, This, of course,
could not be effected without some loss,
and it is the fear of this that is now acting as &
deterrent on bold enterprises on the part of
the British Generals in South Africa, and ac-
counts for the fumbling about the enemy's
positions in futile reconnoissances and half-
hearted attacks with nojey artillery aceom-
paniment, which does not seem to Intimi-
date the Boers, that is now the order
ofthe day. It may be that the country over
which Gen, Buller is acting is not favorable to
the execution of so heroic @ manauvre, Jn
that cause ho will have to fall back upon con-
ventional methods, and keep pounding away
until he succeeds in some way or another in
reaching Ladysmith. But it is not unfair to
Presume that the disasters that have befallen
the British arms so far, and the more or less
merited criticism that followed them, have
exerted @ paralyzing influence on the respon-
sible ohiels of the army in South Africa,

From the Modder Kiver Gen, Methuen sends
news of areconnoissance of the Boers’ positions
which he made on Monday afternoon with half
& howitzer battery and his infantry in
extended order, Tho Boer intrenchments
were approached vear enough for their
construction to be observed. They
were found to be very strongly made
and held in force, after which the British
troops returned to camp, A bombardment of
the Kimberley redoubtse has taken place, but
without apparent result; andthere are vague
rumors of the buers having left the vicinity of
Mafeking.

The reports of complaints by the Cape Col-
ovy farmers of raiding and looting on their
farms by the British soldiers which were at
first discredited, now prove to betrue. Gen,
Kitchener haa just issued an order forbidding
looting and holding commanding offleers re-
sponsible in future for renewals of the offence.
Strict regulations have also been made in the
case of it being found necessary to requisition
stock or provisions, ‘his had to be done in
order to allay the discontent arising from the
troops treating the Colony as enemy's country,

A late War Office despatch announces Gen,
Duller’s intention of making a night attack
on the kopje forming the key to the Boer
after having bombarded it all day

 

position,

 

yesterday. The result will be waited with
intense interest.
MUSIC AND MANUAL TRAINING IN

THE SCHOOLS,

A Plea From the Secretary of the Public
Education Association,

To THE Eprron or Tuk Su‘ By its
action on Jan. 17, the School Board of the bor-
oughs of Manhattan and The Broux gave an-
other very clear indication of its plan of event-
ually abolishing the teaching of manual traine
fog, music and other special subjects in the
public schools. It is doubtless only natural
that, now that retrenchment is the order of
the day, the members of the board should
select for sacriflee these special branches
to which they have already been antagon-
istic and which were introduced by thelr
predecessors, The system of special teaching
has, of course, had to struggle with the diffl-
culties inevitably incidental to the introdue-
tion of new methods as well as with the un-
sympathetic attitude of the board itself. The
system is, therefore, none too firmly estabe
lished at the present time and, with the abol-
{tion of the supervisors of these branches, as
contemplated by the board, the whole system
will speedily collapse. No fair test of its merita
will have been made, and the schools of New
York will return to an antiquated character
long since altered in more progressive places,

Yet this great change is being carried out al-
most unnoticed, The stall of special teachers
has been gradually reduced, on one pretext or
another, until the number of teachers to be af-
fected by its entire abolition isso small that its
final exit will probably be accomplished with-
out violent. protest from anybody. In the ture
moll over the salaries of the teachers and the
rival claims of city and borough boards, the
interests of the school children themselves
fee somehow to have been lost sight ot

Many good eltizens, including those inter-
ested in the sehools, are under the false im-
pression that music as now taught in the
schools, is taught as on accomplishment, and
that the manual traning {in the schools meuns
an actual preparation foratrade This is, of
course, ab entire misconception of the true
funetion and value of these studies and is
lurgely responsibie for that lack of vigorous
and constant public support of which they are
sorely in need just now,

ManraHa Lincoun Driver,
fecrotary of the Public Education Association,

British Sarcasm,
From the Weetmings er Gareite,

A correspondent senda us the following parody on
the situation, Which we cannot resist the temptation
to publish, although we do not wdiait that the case
supposed to be made out has been proved or that
Mr, Bull has been evicted from his first-class Power
carrlige:

Sir:

  

 

POLICE INTELLIGEN

On New Year's Day, 100, atthe World Wide street
police court, Johu Bull, o@ elderly gentieman, was
charged before Mr, Haniteuths with travelling as 4
first-class Power with a third-class ticket,
was given by O. P. Kriger, a Dotehman, who, in
giving his evidence, remarked that he hated trans,
expecially pious ones; he stated that the prisoner
Bull had been carrying on the frand for nearly
twenty-thve years, and that he had always been re-
luctant to appear ay & Wiltoss for the prosecution
until ke could be absolutely certain of his facts He
(Kriger) had given information to two European in
spectors, but they had been loth to take action, and
bad it not been for the fact that the prisoner Bull
had recently dropped his third-class season ticket
when sitting in a firat-classcerriage, the facts as now
stated might never have been discovered, Mr. Hard-
truths convicted the prisoner and thanked Keiyer for
his kindnessin coming forward, Ball was eentenced to
a fine of one hundred mill . ashe Was Guderstood
to be rich. The fine was at we opeid, and Mr. Hard
truths handed the money over te the Enulish War
Office, which, he informed the court, baud recently
gone iate some wreatly needed alterations and re,

Evidence

 

 

pairs. a
Laugh Turning,
From the New llaven Evening Reguter
If necessary President Hadley will fod @ way to
furn the laugh on the flippant press commentators,

2 EEE

 

  

 

abla e

ART NOTES,

 

The Isaac Walker Collection—Pietures by
Emi! Carisen and W. B. Priesiman,

The Isaac Walker collection of 154 of! paint-
ings comprises works by American and foreiga
artists, Itis now on exhibition at the Filth
Avenue Art Galleries, 300 Fifth avenue, and
the pictures will be sold there at euction on
Thursday and Friday evenings of this week.
Tho list of names in the catalogue is a good
one and the painters are in genoral fatrly
represented. In three or four cases there are
several works by the same artist. Thus there
are seven by J. H. Dolph, N. As including
“Boag Pups,” No, 126; five by W. 8. Macy,
all of which are landscapes; four by J.
N. Marble, and three each by J. Kh.
Briatol, N. A, and A, C, Howland, N. A.
The two last pictures to be sold on the second
hight are an excellont oxample of Charles
Delort, “A Good Piece for Fast Day,” No, 153,
in which a Cardinal and a priest are inspecting
a fine, freshly caught fish held up before them
by the cook, and an important Schreyer,
“Arabs Starting on an Expedition,” No. 154.
Some other notable pictures in the collection
are "Sheep on the Scotch Highlands,” No, 152.
by Auguste Bonheur; “The Proposal,” No, 147.
by Michetti; “Landscape,” No. 146, by George
Inness: “Wayside Devotion,” No, 138 by
George H. Boughton, R. A. N. A.; “Landscape,”
No, 120, by A. H. Wyant, N. A.; “A Cool Ke-
treat,” No. 112, by David Johnson, N. A;
“Evening Anthem,” No, 00, by W. Ver-
planck Birney; “Landscape, Staten Island,”
No. 07, by Frederick W. Kost; “The Sewing
Lesson,” No, #8 by Edgar M. Ward, N. Asi
“Landscape,”No, 0), by RK, W. Van Boskerck, A.
N. Av; "Low Tide,” No. U7, a large salon canvas
depicting a Concarnean fisherman with his
young woman daughter and a little girl, by
Edward Simmons; a “Landseape,” No, 62, by
A. Ti Wyant, N. A, a smaller work than No,
120: "The Village Doctor,” No, 60, by EB. L.
Henry, N. Av; “Village Street,” No, 52, by
Trouillebert, the pupil of Corot, who paints
like his master, and very well, too; “Ideal
Head,” No, 38, by William H. Lippincott, N.A.3
and "On the Elbe,” No. 31, by Robert A,
Lichelberger, the able young American painter
who died ten years ago and whose pictures are
now seldom seen tn public exhibitions.

At the Fifth Avenue Auction Rooms, 258
Fifth avenue, there is an exhibition of 107
pictures, including a few water colors, which
are almost all from the easels of Emil Carlsen
and B. Walter Priestman. The collection be-
Jongs to Henry Riemann and ts to be sold on
Thursday and Friday evenings at the exhibl-
tion rooms. These sale nights are the same as
those of the Walker collection, farther up the
street, Mr. Carisen fs a well-known and ac-
complished painter of still life and figures, who

was born in Denmark, but has lived in
the United States since early man-
hood, He has had his” studio at
different periods of his career in

Boston, San Francisco and New York. The
pictures here range in size from large exhi-
bition canvases to little cabinet works, and
depict fowls, fish, flowers, fruit and various
jars, vases, metal vessels and utensils with
great skill and good decorative quality, Mr.
Priestman {9 an American artist who has
studied in New York, Boston, Chicago and
Varis, and has exhibited at the Society of
American Artists, the Academy and the Water
Color shows. Most of hie works in the Rie-
mann collection ara Jandscapes. Guy Rose,
Theodore Robinson and Willard L. Metealf are
three other American artists represented here
by one or two canvases each.

Edgar 8, Hamilton, a young artist, some of
whose pictures have been seen from time to
time lately in the New York exhibitions, is
showing a group of twenty recently palnted
compositions at Clausen’s gallery, S&L
Fifth avenue, “Eve,”’ No.1, the largest pieture
in the collection, {s perhaps the most satisfy-
ing. “Ihe Bathers.” No. (4, is very pretty in
color. The artist works with a parti-pris, con-
sidering accuracy of line and form of but little

moment apparently and striving for decorative |

color effects.

The “tirst view” of the William T. Evans col-
lection takes place this evening at the galleries
of the American Art Association, 6 East Twen-
ty-third street, and the exhibition will open to
the public on Thursday morning. It will last
one week, ag the firat night of the sale at Chick-
ering Hall is on Wednesday, Jan, 31,

The Society of Landscape Painters, whose
first exhibition last April was interesting and
successful, will probably hold ite exhibition
again this year Inthe American Art Associa-
tion galleries and open about May 1. It will be
composed, as before, of groups of pictures by
the twelve landscape painters, who are mem-
bers of the society.

The American Water Color Society will hold
ita annual exhibition this year in the large
Astoria ballroom, The popular “Water Color
Night” will be on Saturday, Feb. 3, and the
exhibition, which will last only two weeks,
will open on Monday, Feb. 5,

Tho days for the reception of exhibits in
painting and sculpture for the twenty-second
annual exhibition ofthe Society of American
Artlats, at the Fine Arts Building, 215 West
Fifty-seventh street, are Thursday and Fri-
day, March Sand. Tho Varnishing Day and
Press View will be on Friday, March 23, and
the exhibition will open the following day, It
will close on April 28.

Gen, Methuen’s ‘‘Insanity."’

To THe Eprtorn or THE Sun Since it
is said nowthat Gen, Methuen is insane, It
may be of interest tonote that he is not the
first British Genera! who, when his actions did
not please his subordinates, has been called
outof his mind, In Forbes-Mitchell’s “Rem.
{niscences of the Great Mutiny,” he saya,
speaking of the withdrawal from — before
Kooyah in Apri!, 1858; “lt was reported in the
camp that Col. Haggard of the Muth Lancers,
commanding the cavalry brigade, had pro.
posed to invest the place, but was not allowed
to do 80 by Gen. Walpole who was said to have
acted in such a pig-headed manner that the
officers considered him insane.” Tt seems
from this to be the rule in the British Army to
dub any officer insane who doesn't win a vies
tory, and doesn't do what certain subordinate
officers wish him to do, N,

JAN, 23.

sir:

Driblets of Century Lore,
From the London Times.

The following ts extracted from an article by oneo?
the mostlucid writers on scientific matters—the late
Dr. Larduer, some time pro.essor of astronomy at
University College.

“Historical events are often referred to by stating
that they oceurred in such or such # century. Now
tiight well suppose that there could arise no
obscurity or confusion in the use of such a term, yet it
is notorious that after the year 1800 questions were
constantly raised in society as to whether such or
such a day belonged to the eighteenth century or
to the nineteenth

"The starting point or zero of the
Ological scale the
1A. D.,,4 Lit, there
fore, at Which the fret century began, and it ended
evidently When, data from thatimoment, boo eon:

one

Christian eliron:
midnight with which Jan. 4,
this Was the morn

Was
Olutbe heed

plete years bad elapeecd, “the rst century therefore
terminated, aid tue secomd bean, at be midniglt
between Dee. 61, 100 ALD. gua don. i, bob aA, Db, in

like manner the second century terminated and the
third began at the inidnight between Dee, 81, 200

A.D, and Jan. 1, 201A, D itis evident, therefore,

   

thatthe enure year loo A, D. belonged to the ret
} century, abd the entire year 200 ALL) to the ne id
coutury In dike inwauper he first day f the
Nineteenth century was dan, J, P80) A. D., aud ite
last day will be Dee. G1, woo ALD
The acutest inquirer into methods of reckoning
and the formation of the calendar Augustus De
Morvanspublhiatied wu paper in iteu, Wuder the tite

“On An@entand Moderns Usage th Meckouing

He there investigated at leuwth the two letters
Which Dionysitis hxiguus on Whose Work our cal
ehoar computations are based ado tossed

to Bishop
Petroniue, and Boniface and Bonus in 685 and ben
s tueant

Le

 

A. D, respectivel He sows that Dionyes
1 by A.D, 1 of bis era tue year or the Nativity, ao that
the twentieth ceutury on the Lionyetan scale of
reckoning will ¢ sae ne both Ist of Jauuary,
iVO Me adis tha rovider WhaeVes @sinte for
the assumption that Dionystus adopted @ zero reck
Uli.

Touere deeven bigher German authority than that |
Of the best society bo berlin f tatiow the cou
Mencement Of the wmiMetecnt entu from daw i
iny On Dee 1, aPOO, Coe vale @ parts in
honor of the Dew century, at whoaote Schiller and
otber distinguished persona Were present Onthe

following day the event Wae publily celebrated

by the pedtormance of Haydu® Creation aud
Goethe's “Iphigenie.”” Mee ‘Duntsers Life of
Goethe,” Byvk VAL, end of pectivu 4

TUAT IN FRENCH HANDS,

M. Flamant's Captare of In Salah Probably
Settlos the Tuareg Troubles.
From tha London Times,

The Government has received information ot
the victorious entry of the Flamant mission into
In Salah, after a pitched battle with the chiefs
of the anti-French party, This event tas likely
to exercise a great influence on the spirit of
the natives throughout this entire region,
stretching from tho frontiers of Algiers to Lake
Chad, and it marks a real and definite effoft to
conquer the territory recoxnized by the cone
ventioa with England as under French influe
once.

Tho interesting thing is that this advance
has been made, not by a military expedi>
tion, but by a mission organized by M,
Flamant, who bas won a reputation in the
sclentifle world by his studies of the geoloaf
ofthe Subara, Backed by the Governor-Gene
eralot Algeria, and followed by a little company
of Spahis, M. Flamant @et out for tha
dreaded region of the oases of the Tidis
kelt, where he arrived on Dee, 27, On the
morrow. suddenly. he was attacked by
about one thousand two hundred = men
from In Salah and from the neighboring ksours,
The brief telegram relating the subsequent
uction says that the aggressors were repulsed
with 50 killed or wounded, and that 64 were
made prisoners, among whom were 18 chiefs,
The French had 1 killed and 4 wounded,
“Relying on their numerical superiority, the
people of In Salah and the ksours would have
begun the attack again, but the mission wae
overtaken by adetuehment of Saharan Spahis
stationed al! along the route by the military
authorities. The In Salah people then doolared
that they wished to offer their submission, ant
the mission entered the town, Asa precaution
against any fresh surprise and to ensure the
sufety of the mission, a sccond detachment of
Sahara tirailleurs and Waled Sidi Sheikh ware
riors was immediately sent to it.”

Thus is the famous’ Tuat Question” settle
bya mere scientist, The timorous poiey o
the Governm nt, fear ul of arousing chimeris
o.| difficulties with Moroeceo, had too long
dissuaded Algerian governors from u dertake
ing the occupat on o! the line of onses extends
ing from Gurara to Tidikelt, A discreet little
police operation ha. suflved to bring to terms
the dre ded population of one of the ehlef can.
tres of intrigue in this region of fertile soll
midway between Oran snd Lake Chad,
In Sauh is the centre of supplies for the
Tuar g, and if France is well inspired,
it will Jose no time in following up
this success by energetic efforta to open up
the Suharan Hinterland. M, Jules Cambon has
the honor of having lirst systematically begun
the exploration and occapation of this region,
France drew by easy stages nearer and nearer
to In Salah by the permanent ocenpation of the
ousisof El Golea, by the construction of the
fortof Hassi Fl Homeur, and by the expeditio
of Major Lamy across the high plateau o!
Tademait. The Government, from fear of
aronsing an immense rebellion in all the Tuat
oases, deferred, however, the Cefinitive oecue
pation of the region,

POLITICAL NOTES,

The Republicans of Georgia are alert to the re
quirements of representation at the Republicaa
National Convention of June 1¥, They have called
their State Convention to elect delegates to it to
weet at Atlanta on March 7.

The present population of the borough of The
Bronx is not far from 175,000, and # bill has been
presented inthe present Albany Legislature for the
establishment of a separate county of the Bron
and forthe walntenance of a county government at
Westchester, but withoutany intention of separating
the Brous wards from the city of New York, of which
they form a part -

 

 

The State having the highest electoral vote which
the Demoeracs carried in the election of 1800 was
Mississippi, which was likewise the State in which
the exervise of the electoral franchise is most re-
stricted, The States carried by the Republicans
were, without any exception whatever, those in
which universal suffrage prevails on terme of
equality for all citizens, Mississippi also enjoyed
the distinction, if it may be called a distinction, of
being the only State in the country in which no
nominations for office were made by the Re
publicans.

 

One of the peculiarities of administration in the
State of Marylandisfound in the method of electing
State Treasurers, They are not, as is the casein
New York, Peunsylvania and most other States,
voted for by the citizens directly but are selected by
the members of the Leyislatare. The Legislature
has chos+n as Treasurer Murry Vendever of Hart:
ford, one of the northern counties of Maryland, in
which Havre de Grace ts situated, He received the
unanimous vote of Democratic majority members,
while Gen. Thoroas J. Shryock, the Republican ine
cumbent, was supported by the Republican mem-
bers. ‘The salary of the Treasurer of Maryland is
$2,500, and the term is two years, The total debt of
the State of Mary land is 86,000 000,

  

There has been a renewal of the project, the con-
sideration of which has been for some years delayed,
to enlarge the membership of the City Court which
remains now, as {twas when first established, with
six Justices only, though the population of New
York county over which its jurisdiction extends, hus
greatly increased meanwhile and the volume of liti+
gation has been increasing at a rate so large that the
City Court calendars are now two years behind,
It ia proposed that the Legislature provide for the
election of two additional City Court Justices in
Novem ber,

 

It has come to be a recognized rule in many
ftates of the North to select Senators with some
reference to geographical conditions. Thus, one
Benater of Ohio comes from Cleveland and the other
from Cincinnati, One Senator of Pennsylvania
comes from Philadelphia, and his colleague in the
last Congress was from one of the middle counties,
One of the Senators from New Jersey is from Cam-
den, in the southern part of the State, and the other
is from Elizabeth, in the north. One Illinois Senator
is from Springfield, the other ts from Chicago; and
of the two Massachuectts Senators, one ia from the
neighborhood of Boston and one from Woreoster

There is no cessation of hostilities between the
rival Democratic factions in the Ninth Assembly
district, and Loth are prepanng for a renewal thie
yearof the contest which JounC, Sheeban and bis pare
tisaus Won in the election of September, isuu. Itis,
however, @ mark of the execllent organization of
Tammany that while this distriet, orisnmally Ke-
publican, was turned over to the Democratic cole
umn through factional differences amoung Republi-
cans, the acrimonious factional differences among
Democrats have not perated to any
increase in the Republican vote, On the contrary,
the Republicans votein the district was 700 less in
Ist) than it was the year before, when the Tame.
many Democrats were all united,

RECITE

  

The annual statement of the Philadelphia Ree
ceiver of Taxes shows that during 1800 §$21,158,«
400,45 was collecte | in taxes of various sorts, an ime
crease over the preceding yearof more than $500,-
Ihe ty wharves yielded 1,000, the city
Markets #10,800 cousements $375, pawn-brokers’
Leonees 84,000, an | venders licenses $46,000,

Ouv

 
  

speaker Nixon of Chautanqua is serving probably
his last teria inthe lower branch of the Legislatare,
for itis well ioderstood in politics that be expects
to be nominated for State Senator in the Fiftieth
district, now represente | by Mr. Higgins of Olean,
ths year, The Fiftieth Senatorial is one of the
strongest Republican districts in the State and Mr.

Nxonis very popular with bis party friends in it,
His predecessor a8 Speaker is now Congressman
fromoneof the Rochester districts, Mr. O'Grady,
aod the last Democratic Speaker, Mr. Sulzer, is also
arcenberof New York's © nuressional delegation,
Heretofore, State Senators have heen elected in New
York in offyears, but this wear for the frst time the
contest is con ent with the voting for Presiden:
tal Flectors, a ircumestance which ts extremely ea

isfactory to all up State voters,

These are the three tricteain New York county

in whieh at last pears el ction the Republican nome

 
 

inees for Assembly polled less than #00 votes,
the First, Twelith and Sixteenth. The Republican
district leader nthe Twelfth and Sisteenth dis.
tricts} are holders of important offices under the

State Administration

It is the opinion of most Jersey statesmen that
Gov, Voorhees favor: the proposed law changing the
date of alleloctions in New Jersey to the date of the
November election

After thirty-eight years
nthe er

f judicial service, seven
minon Pleas bench and twenty.
Justice of the Supreme Court of
Chief Jtstes Sterett retired at the
of the year to private life, With the close of
the old moploted the term of twenty-one
years es a Supreme Court Justtee to which he wae
elected in IS7s, beiug the drat member of the ¢ onrt,
since if# organization under the Constitution of
1474, fo serve # full tern, He has served seven
years as Chief Justice, filling with distinction the

high office in which he bad so many
y renowned pe
deveseers,

teen years

one years a8 &
Penneyivanta

year he ¢

 

—

|