“Ne

 
 

 

THEATRICAL AMUSEMENTS,

“BROADWAY TO TOKIO," ANEW AND
NATIVE EXTRAVAGANZA,

Cleopatra Leads Some Comic Men Around
the World in Quest of Her Lost Heart
Felix, Schweighofer’s Farewell Per-
formances All the Bills of the Week,
An extravanganza of @ distinetly American
Rind, mixing songs and dances with other
sounds and bright sights was
lust night in “Broadway to
the Now York Theatre, There
wis so much in It that the perform.
aneo lasted until after midnight. After
the surplus of poor things has been eliminated,
the plenty of good ones will constitute a popu.
Jar entertainment. [t has rather more of co-
herence than most plays of its class possess,
The muminy of Cleopatra is brought back to

cheerful
disclosed
Tokio" at

Mfe and beauty, but her heart is missing,
She and her new owner go in search of
it. Aa they travel from Eaypt

through Americato China modern Antonya of
various nationalities fall captive In her train,
and she promises that the one who restores
her heart shall be rewarded with the love
which it will make her capable — of,
George V. Hobart and Louis Harrison have
told the fanciful story in g!ib prose and jingling
verse, AJ} Sloane and Reginald DeKoven have
mado suitably light and tuneful music, A
company of contrasting comedians has been
gathered. The woman who follows ber lost
Deart across a continent and an ocean is Fay
Templeton his is not the first time
that she has travestiod the Enchantress
of the Nile Her real opulence of good looks,
her comie mimicry of voluptuousness, and her
clever bumoras 4 burlesquer, qualify her for
auhemployinent., She is easiiy and properly

the central figure. Never has she ap-
weared more advantageously for her-
self or an employer, rhe funny

wooers were Joseph Sparks as an Trishman,
Tenacio Martinetti as @ Frenchman, Joseph
Ott as a Mormon, Bert C. Thayer as @ sculptor,

Dick Long as an Italian and Otis Harlan
as a showman, They are a clever lot,
and each contributes something old or
new in the way of a specialty, Others

moentionable are Josie Sadler for au unctuous
delineation of a German woman, Alice Judson
fora baby stare and a high bote as a prima
donna, Idelene Cotton for good mimicry asa
briefly incidental Italian woman and Lew
Simmons for old-style humor and a funny
laugh 18 a negro, The show the
Vden Musée, with some of the wax ligures
brought to life; a railway caron a trans-conti-
nental line, with travesties of travellers and

scenes

their ways; the Clit Park at San
Francisco, with — the high revels of
a costume ball in progress; Long

Acre Square at night, withsome things that
happen in upper Broadway and many more
that never do, save in stage misrepresentation ;

the deck of an ocean steamer, Where a charity

concert gaye the excuse t vaudeville, and a
palace in Tok Where the tial ballet was
danced,

The pringipals often stepped out of the

 

   

  
  

  
 

        

 

 

 

 

| glatiymeetthem more than half way.

| George J. Kraus, who run it, wasthere

characters and the plot that the authors had
supplied them with, and were entertain-
ing as themselves. In this respect Fay
Templeton was undeniably the clever-
est and most amusing. She sang a
Degro song with the refrain, “Now se got
tome money, well, in comin’ ‘round.’ As
it was seque| to the popular ditty
which sai! “When you ain’ gut ho
money, well, you needn't come ‘round,”
which = May Irwin sang last season,
Miss” Irwin ani Miss Templeton are
the “rag-time”’ quecns, and these two songs
gave a good opportunity to compare their
methods The newer one ts hardly as
tuncfal the familar piece, and has
the this voi belong a“ copy,
Miss ' imitated Eugenty
fougere os sly and at the same
time so comteaiy, that she received the
heartie-t applause oof the evening She
wore a dicss that was the counter.
part oof one thar the Freneh  woinan
displayed here recently, Miss Templeton uatar-
ally rescinbies | ue to som ‘xtent, but |
this likeness bad been é h The
walk and gestures wer “rly @ rfeited
aud aii Fougere ss peculiariiies of voice were
copied exact y Miss ‘Pempeton’s imitation
may rightly be called a triuinph in mimiery
The other specialities were far behind Miss
Templetons ino oart, but they were al.
most all amusing low Ore and Otis J -
" ang some od, but nical so
daline cotton and Nick Long introduced
their sketen of Italian street venders, whien is
familiar to vaudevilie show frequonters, These
interpolations and some others were only
hall of what) Mr. Holart { Mr. Har
Tison had conneeted ja writing their iibrott
The other diversions wera sol biailets
of exceptional beauty, Not s » "The Man
in the Moon’ was first shown at thes theatre
had such beautiful v and taster stumed
dancers been seen in New Y ». Nearly the
whole last act was devoted to this sort of
entertainment. The y. Which was
@ handsome Orienta pic ehai been designed
‘and painted by Ernest Albert. The dancers
executed some spectacu ar movements wheh

werecalle! the Cherry b
did not come until lat
and after the awhence hod |
an electrical butterfly taller

som ballet. This
i the evenuir
wd applauded

This was shown

  

 

    

 

on a darkened seene. stucled with eleetrie
Hight bulbs — that flashed c® Shree
flies. The dancers were costumed in
their silks with @laborately painted

Wings, somewhat in the effeero
of the serpentine dane .
jar idea was the newer one of studding their
owns and hair dress with sinall electric
ights. The sight was infeed beautiful

Take it all inall, “Broadway to fokio” waa a
successful entertainment Less money had
been spent on it than had made its immediate
predecessor, “The Man in the Moon,” wonder.
ully fine in costumes and seenery, The falle
ing off in that respect was marked, Nor
was the play comparable for wit or musia
with those which Mr. Morton and Mr Kerker
used to provide for the Casing, such as "The
Belle of New York But it had the essentials

the costume
Added to that fami

    

 

  

of farce, vaudeville, balletand conie opera to
make rere kind of extravagance which New
York likes. The spectacles were showy, the

taste displayed in them was not deplorab e, the
show of women was gay Without much offence,
and the genera) outcome was 4 popularsuccess,

 

Plays lately in Broadway have gone this week
to two theatres a little away from the town's
centre, “The Tyranny of Tears” is at the
Harlem Opera House, where it is performed by
John Drew and the same companions that he
had for months at the Empire, “A Stranger
in @ Strange Land” is at the Grand Opera
House. with oo change for the worse in the
company that was in it at the Manhattan,
** Never Again,” a farce that had ita term at the
Garrick last year, is the week's reproduction
atthe Murray Hill, “The King of Rogues” is

atthe Star, “Atthe White Horse Tavern” is
resumed at the Irving Place
The new pinye of Monday were all of foreign

 

origin he Surprises of Love” at the
Lyceum and “Sue Magic Melody” at the
American being French, while the other

operatic novelty at the last named theatre, "At
the Lower Harbor,” was Italian, But Ameri-
canivm asserted itself last nightin broadway
to Tokio” atthe New York

The Casino has “The Belle of New York" on
its stage fora probatiy shorttime. This is the

 

  

final week of “The Village Postinaster” at the
Fourteenth Street Pheir last tortnight has
been reached by ‘The Manayvres of Jane” at
Daly's, “Wheels Within Wheeis” at the Madte
son Square, “The Cowboy and the Lady” at
the Kaickerbocker, “Three Little Lanits™ at
the bitth Aver Mrs. Laugtry has a month
tor “The De ites’ at the Garden, ‘Ine
Frohman Company at the brmpire is employed
indefinitely in Brother Ofleers,” \; iude
Adams at the Criterion in’ The Little Mine
ister,” Anna Hewat the Manhattan in “Papa's
Wie,’ William Gilette at the Garrick in Sher.
lock Holmes’ and May Irwin at the Bijouin
“pister Mary The other plays,with thete a op

dates in the uneertuin future, are‘ Naughty

 

Anthony’ at the Herald squae, “Ben Hur’
at the Broadway, “Whiteegg at Weber &
Fiekls's, “Chrisant the Won erful Lamp” at
the Victorian an’ “Way Down Kast” at the

Acaiemy of Music

Vaudeville is to be had in the large instale
mente of the “eoutinuous” programmes, or in
bile of an evening's iength, Leaders in the
@il-day-ane-evening bills are Marie Dressler,
Leo Vervalto and Wilard Sins at Proetor's
Theatre, Montgomery and Stone, MePhee and
Hill and Ha ay ani Ward at Proetor's Pal-
ace, Minnie Seliginan, Louis Guaning and the

 

 
    

  
 

      
 

 

Eilises at Keith's, and Bdwin Lateliand Emma
Carus at Pastors. At Koster & Lial’s, musa
hall vaudeville deper Lafayette, Marion
Manola, Marie Jansen and Litenie, with others,
Miner's, Which ‘ theatre in 125th street
originally call Columbus, retains Ha len

and Fuler, Fox and Allen,
speciality by boy choristers
matographe Views aod guste trom the Neahole
itan band make cpthe bden Musée bid. Bur.
lesque shows, with ollos of specialties, are ture
nished at the Dewey and the Comique

The fact was novwd in Te SUN that Elsie
Leslie, once known asa juvenile actress, went
to Australia, retired from the stage to marry a
Kussian nobleman, is now getting adivoree in
ondon, and is going into vaudeville there,
Sine letters have thus fur been received to
boint out @ supposed Liunder, That kisie

and an elaborate
Wax show, eines

 

|
|
| Thomas A. Edison, who has a suit for infringe

    

V.” next season are tangible. Richard Marston
showed yesterday a model ol the throne room
with which this version of the play wil! open.
It isa reproduction of Westminister Hall, the
oldest part of the present palace, The cos.
tumes are under contract in this country, and
an American com poser Wij! write the incicental
nusie, The armor will be bought by A. M,.
’almerin England and France, where he will
§° to consult with several guthors who have
ramas under way for Mr. Mansfield,

olix Bohwelghofer brought hie engagement
atthe Irving Place toan end last night. He
assumed comic characters in two farces not
prievously used here by him, but, while they
were exceedingly amusing, they did not reveal
ny phase oth # talents not previously shown,
t may be said of him that he has convinced his
ew York audiences that ho deserves his fame
as tho best low comedian now on the German

 

6,
vid Belasco papounced Iast night that he
had sold half of the ee rights of “Naughty
Anthony” to Charles E. Evans, proprietor of
the Herald Square Theatre, for $20,000, When
the play leaves the Herald Square Theatre
Evans says he will star in it, playing the title
pe. ie last played in a revival of “A Parlor
atch,”

Olga Nethersole telegraphed from Washing-
ton last night that sho was better and would
probably come to New York to-day. Sho has
ned her opening in Sapho at Wallack's
unti] next Monday though, in order to obviate
any danger of a reaction,

William Gillette had the Garrick crowded to
afternoon by theatrical
invited to an extra per-
formance of “Sherlock Holmes.” No tickets
were sold, The audience included nearly
every player employed or idle this week in
Greater New York. As many more applicants,
connected with the stage in one way oranother,
could not be accommodated, The points of
the piece, especially those that were new and
tricky, were keenly appreciated here was
abundant applause and Mr, Gillette had to
make a speech,

poat

the utmost yoptorsey
people whom he ha

 

CLERGYMEN IN) THE GREENROOMS,

 

Chaplains of the Actors’ Church Alliance
Trying to Reform Williamsburg,

Four Williamsburg clergymen have begun
work among the actors and actresses of the
Williamaburg theatres, looking toa diseontinu-
ation of Sunday theatrical performances, and
to induoing the performers to Join the Actors’
Chureh Alliance of America,
organized about two years ago and
The

This sveiety was
Bishop
H,

Potter is its President, Rev, Albert

Shaw, pastor of the New England Con-
gregational Church. the Kev, Howard
Wilbur Ennis, pastor of the First) Dutch

Reformed Church, the Rey. Dr. James H.
Darlington, rector of Christ Episcopal
Church and the Rev. Sydney Herbert Cox, pas-
tor ofthe Lee Avenue ConPregational Church,
are the aceredited chaplains of the society for
Brooklyn, Recently they have visited the five
playhouses in Williamsburg, the Amphion,
Gayety, Empire, Novelty and Unique theatres,
Where through the courtesy of the
they were permittedto go into the green-
rooms, In all the greenrooms the clergymen
distributed the cards of the alliance and tacked
others to the walls of the dressing rooms.

“The organization,” said the Rev. Mr. Ennis
yesterday, “can, by invoking the law, compel |

managers

Tr He Ht Ra Pe Na

more gracious manner, In the near future a
mass meeting will be held in the Amphion
Theatre in the interests of the organization to
which the public will be invited. I firmly be-
lieve that the matter only needs to be presented
tothe public to have them endorse the move-
ment

“Linmoral plays, despite the general opinion
to the contrary, have not bean sucha financial
success 18 those that are pure,

“Ifthe public and church mem bers will show
their appreciation of the efforts of the man
gers, Who are in earnest in their efforts to pr
sentclean productions, then the ‘ere a
t is
wrong to believe that actors and actresses are
bad people. Ifwe want to help the dramatic
profession, we can do so by patronizing plays
that are pure and by boyeotting pluys that are
hideous.”

  

PICTURES AT THE DIWEY SEIZED,

Biograph Films Carried Away in an In-

junction Proceeding by Edison,

United States Marshal Henkel sent two of

| his deputies to the Dewey Theatre on Four-

teepth street yesterday afternoon to seize the

   

photographie Almas used in the moving picture
machine there. The
with a writ of attachment
Vr

armed
Judge
Court,

the theatres to close on the Sabbath, but we
should much prefer that it were done in this
|
|
deputies were |
issued by |
Lacombe of the ted States Circuit
which stated that the films were being used in

disobedience to an injunetion obtained by

ment pending against Everhard Sehneider,
owner of the machine and filma at the Dewey.

When the Federal offeers reached the thease
tre neither Timothy “Dry Dollar” Sullivan nor
rheie
subordinates saw in the aet of confisqation an
judieation that their employers’ “pul” was
gone. The real state of affairs was not known
uptil after o'clock at night and the knowl-
edge brought with it relief, ie

“That's better,” gaid one of the men, “Those
potures Were pretty hot and [ thought that
Was the reason they were nabbed A spare |
set of ims was procured and pictures was
shown at last night's performance.

Schneider sald last night that he had heen
enjoined trom using @ machine @ year ago and
that he had then bought an Edison machine,
yut a few attachmenta invented by himself on
tand proeseded with his business. He did
not know of any reason for ab injunction in
regard to the filme he was using. T buy them
from reputable firms here,” he said, acd
change the titles of the pictures, IT don’t
think they are copies of any of Edison's fl ims
So tar as [know the) are not infringements on
the films of any maker.”

Among the films seized were some not con-
cerned in the Edison suit.

THREAT TO STOP “SAPHO,"

If Anybody Bothers Miss Nethersole, It
Will Bethe Police, Not Comstock,

Anthony Comstock was asked yesterday
afternoon if it was true, as reported, that ha
was going to stop the production of “Supho,”
the play written by Clyde Fiteh for Olga Neth.
ersole, which opens hext week at Wallack’s,
Mr. Comstock said:

“Lam not and never had any intention of do-
ing so. In fact, Tdid not know that there was
such a play until my attention was called to it
yestorday afternoon, I told the person who
spoke to me about it what the law was, and
added, that, ifsuch seenes and such dialogue
were in the play a8 he quoted, the production
of the piece would probatly be a violation of
the law. I have since been told that the coings
he mentioned are not in the pilayatallans [
have been led to think that the whole agitation
was a scheme to advertise the piay, I hava
enough other work to do without going cut of
my way for more, If there is anything wrong
in this play itis forthe Chief of Police to stop
it. This is his work not mine,”

Chief Devery said: “Why, they tell me that
play is worse than ‘Orange Blossoms’ and if
that’s so, why, it will simply have to stop, In-
spector thompson will visit the theatre on the
first night, as it is to be produced in his pre-
ecinet, and if itisaliwe hear it is the curtain
will be rung down.”

|
j
Changes at the Opera,

Mile, Calvé [4 not afterall to sing Cleruhina
in “Le Nozzedi Figaro” next Monday night
with Mm-s Sembrich and Fames. st -
mands further rehearsal in the 1:
rehearsais are difMlcule to

Metropolitan Mile. de Lussan
place in the performanc:, It

question which has also compellal the post-

le and as
arrat the

is to take her

 

eat
Is the rehearsal

und
sung

ponement of "Tristan
was to have
day night M. Van Dyck, who is to
sing Jvistan for first time, is

naturally uawiliing to assume such an iinpor-
tant role without the opportunity tor rehearsal,
“Die Walkure’ ts to be given in paceot "Pris.
tan ua isode,” with inportant changes inthe
cast from those heard already in the opera
Mimes. Ternina and Gadski and M. Bertram
will take the places of Mmes. Nordien and
Eames and M. Van Rooy, Mr. Grau hopes that
both of the postponed performances may be
given later, Tho season of opera in brook-
lyn will begin on Feb, 6 with @ perform.

l-olde,” which

been next Wednes-

the

ance of “Carmen” = and on the fol.
lowing Thursday afternoon a gpecial
matinee with the #ame opera a4 the

attraction will be given at the Metropolitan,
On Tuesaday, Feb, the performances of the
"Nibelungen Ring’ in Philadelphia will begin
During the week of Feb. 5 the Maurice Grau
Opera Company will give in all eleven perform.
ances, It is easy, under these circumstances,
to understand why it is impossible to hold
rehearsals. “ine Merry Wives of Windsor”
and "I| F auto Magico” are ati)! promised, how-
ever, for the remote future,

 

Make Elm Street
Avenue,

The Board of Aldermen passed a resolution

changing the name of Eim street to Lafayette

avenue. The resolution received ouly eleven
votes in the Counoll |

Fatled to Lafayette

PITTSBUKGH ORCHESTRA,

Heard Here for the First Time Last Night
in Carnegie Hall,

The Pittsburgh Orchestra, of which Victor
Herbert is the conductor, gave ita fret New
York concert last night in Carnegie Hall, This
Organization was founded nearly five years
ago and followed the presention of a music
hall by Andrew Carnegie to the Fennsyl-
vania city. The orchestra has met with
such success at home that {ts resources and
activity have gradually been increased, It now
consists of seventy players, and during a
period of twenty weeks gives in Pittsburg
eighteen concerta and as many public re-
hearsals, These are naturally not dependent
on the support of the public, and receive a
subsidy from a group of eitizena who are
willing to advance the necessary funda to ae-
curea good permanent orchesta for the city,
This disposition, it may not be out of the
way to observe here, exists in other Amer-
jean cities more geaerally than in New York,
where support cannot be found for @ per
manent orchestra in tho sense that word
should be understood, A permanent or-
chestra does not merely remain an organi-
zation in one elty. To be permanent it
must have the exeiusive service of its
players who are enabled to devote all their
time to the work of thy organization, Such an
orchestra New York does not yet possess, al-
though they exist in Boston and Pittsburg,
Yet the concert given last night in Carnegie

Hall was for the purpose of exhibiting for
metropolitan appr wal the eflicienvy and skill of
the Pittsburg Orchestra

Victor Herbert selected a programme which
sugKeBted some of those arranged by the
lamented Anton Seid), under whom he served
here in the past. Lt comprised Beriioz’s " Car-
naval Romain’ overture hatkowski's fifth
sytuphony in Eminor, Lis Mephisto” waltz,
and the overture to “Die Meistersinger.”
Marie Brema, who appeared here for the frst
tine this season, sang twourias from Rameau’s
“Castoret Pollux’ and agroup of “Chansons a
Danser” by Alfred Bruneau, who had arranged
them for orehestral accompaniment and ime.
parted to the singer his idensas to the man-
nerin which they should be sung Mr. Herbert
is known here as a conductor of experience

 

    

and enthusiasm, and @ musician of attains
nents, He has frequently acted as con.
ductor while a member of Mr, Seidl's

orchestra, In
constitute his fithess to be at the head of a
serious orchestra, must be include! his emo-
tional and sympathetic temperament. ‘The
orchestra, it tuust be admitted, played without

 

additon to these qualities to) advised Mr, MacClelland to resign his charge,

 
    

|
|

|
|

       

M’CLELLAND INDISCREET.

THIS ACCORDING TO A FRIEND WAS
HIS WHOLE OFFENDING,

 

 

Beginning of the Trouble Between Him and
Mre, Stephens—His Attentions to the
Young Woman of Washington Avenue
~Four Charges Made Against Him.

It was learned yesterday that four charges
have been preferred againat the Rev. George
L, MacClolland, formerly pastor of the Imman-
uel Presbyterian Church of Flatbush, inatead
oftwo, ana that in substance these charges
are;

1, Frequently indulging in untruthfulness
and deceitful and dishonest conduct.

2, Circulating stories derogatory
Christian character of Mrs,
Btophens.

¥, Factious opposition to the Board of Trus-
tues of his church,

4, Attempting to disrupt the church,

Under the fret charge, as Tae Sun is tn-
formed, there are fifteen specifications; under
the second charge three, under the third
charge two and under the fourth charge one.

According to Mr, MacCilelland’s friends, he
would never have veen charged with anything
before the Presbytery had it not been for tue
vindictiveness of one woman and they say that
woman is Mrs. Benjamine F Stephens, who,
with her husband, wasa prominent member
ot Immanuel Church, It was stated yester-
day that, earty last spring, Mrs. Stephens made
accusations In @ general and informal way
against Mr. MacCleiiand. The Presbytery
heard about itand appointed a committee, of
which the Rev. Dr. John F, Carson was the
chairman, to find out what was the matter in
Immanuel Church. According to the story
told yesterday, this committee reported that
Mr. MacClelland had been guity of no wet for
which he ought to be prosecuted before the
Prosbyter? and recommended thata letter of
honorable disinissal be issued to him,

‘That evident!y was not satisfactory to Mrs.
Stephens, and she again pressed her charges
In the meantime, it is said, the Rev. Dr. Foote,
who was a member of the Carson committee,

to the

| adding that he could assure him that every.

@reat finish Phere was ae deitcieney of |
Surety in the attack and the wind choir ;
seemed frequently out of tune, although
the horn solo in’ the second movement

of the symphony was well played. The
greatest evidences of preparation were to be
foundin the performance of the “Mephisto”
wa tz, Which was played with great accuracy
and spirit, Mr. Herbert's least satisfactory
work was in forcing the tone beyond the
capacityol the instruments. The strings gen-
erally deserve great pralse and played with
more unanimity than either of the other div{-
sions of the orchestra

Mine. Brema was in good voice andsang with
her accustomed spirit and enthusiasm, It is
always tobe regretred that these qualities In
her work are gained at the cost of skilland
finish in the purely voeal side of her perform.
anees. The Bruneau songs, in which she was
heard, proved to be a very charming series
and areunlike the composer s scientific writing
in other flelds

PADEREWSKI UEARD AGAIN,

Played Vesterday at With the

Acdamowski

Sherry’s
Ouartette,
Ignace Paderewskiand the leading members
of the Adamowski Quartette are notonly couns
trymen but areintimate frends andhave been
sofor many years. On previous visita to New
York he had appeared in public
tette just as in other citics here he has given
concerts in all of musicians in need of help,
Onee in San FPraneisco he played for the bene-
fit ot Mo Marstek, the French violinist who
found himself desperate in the Western city

after an unsuccessful tour across the conti-
nent
The Adomowski Quirtette has not been

heard often in N
M. Paderewskis
audience that almost fi
at Sherry’s. It woaa

cooperation of
to attract an
large ballroom
io gathering
rtunity for those

w York, bur the
rved vesterday
ed the
'

 

fashionat

 

and afforded an excellent opp
who arrived early and # lrout seats to see
and hear the pianist at Fringe. He ap-

 

    

peared from the conservatory and sul against a

backyround of light whith touched his tawny
y be seen

hair like an aureole, Tt may reat

 

 

that the clreumstances were all ip tavorofan
enjovable time for the large y feminine au.
dience that was presegt The poanist y

for threa solo numbers by Chopin, at

tion of his own and a Liszt rbay

these he addedtwo Chopin numbers, He played,
of course, with the poetry and arm that are
possible only to him omone pianists to-day
One is always reminded when Paderewski

           

pilave of the remark made by the m mous
of resident pianists who is one of the Pole’s
most enthusiastic aimirers

“Possibly,” he admitted, “there may have
been amony the warts the piano some who
played better than Paderewsth But there
hever Was in the world another performer who

played so beautifiacly

 

   

In the Schumann quartette f Hinno and
strings he showel that hos wonderful interpre
isteris Gs puissant in ensem-

asia
damowski Quartette was heard in a
new work by Starkowski, Phe members play
well in many respects, but there isa rough.
ness that keeps ther work below the highest

standard to Which New York is aecustomed,

Porry Averill’s Reeital,

Perry Averill, who has been for several years

    
     

ao more or tess conspicuous figure in local
music, gave a recital erday afte on at
the Metndelss i Hall before anau hen foone
iderable size. Mr. Averill belongs to a class of

singers comparat rous in New York
He isthe possessor of at baritone
yoiee of overage quality and sings well enough
It is readily con-

vely nun

 

awreeatle

to please most of his hearers

  

 

 

ceivable that persons who do not heara great
deal of muse and do not set their standards
too high, might derive keen pleasure from the
entertainment ed yesterday afternoon, A
part of the audience presentat that time ane
doubtedly enjoyed itself greatly, There wag
muchin the programme to interest all musie
lovers, and the numbers gave evidence of the
greater care that siugera niust nowadays take
if they desire to attract attention, It is not

aulheient to sing nm v the conventional and
customary songs that were always to be found
on pt Bom Hag hewor, at least,
unfamiline and, at tho sar tline, meriturious
must be sought out. Mis. Spelling's concert
on the pr fing ¢ ‘rooon in th ame piace
proved the great value of this method. Hee
prozrainine Was more attesetive chan Mr
Averii’s, but he alao had made some effort to
avoid the conventional

 

mimes

  

 

       

 
  

 
    

Four songs by the American composers
Purdy, Hareis, Carey and tisher were among
the numbers as well as Von Fleltz's song
eyelus “Rilland” and aseene for the baritone
from Jeno Habe s opera “ Le Luthier de
Cremont This was pot performed, however,
for the first time in New VYork,as the pro-
gramme stated, ‘The entire opera was @ung
severn years ago at the W orf, luaamore
ustial vein Were the imbers by Beethoven,
Cronin Phognias Lubiost Grieg and
Bugert Anna Often, a young Violinist, who
wis dow ronunmbers by Bach, Rles and
Wiens showed the possession of gonnina
tulent f he instrument and excellent prepas
ration for it

Krneisel Quartette Concert,

The Kneisel Quartetto gave lastnight, at Men-
delssohn Hall, the third congert of ita evening
series The programme itneluded Haydn's
string Quartette in D, Beethoven's quartette in
Ff ominor and Faure’s sonata for violin and
piano, played by Franz Kneise! asd Mme,
Antoinette Szumowska-Adamowsk! The
Beethoven quartette is the second of a
group of three composed in 1s0% The’

Russian theme used in the composition was
selected by Beethoven in honor of his friend

Count Kasoumolf«ky, to whom the three quar.
tettes vArededivated, It occurs iu the trio of
the second movemenutib tls quartette, Gabriel
baure’s eona’a Was pot heard here for the trat
time in this concert, although be is best known
through the pervormance of some ot hes songs
Tt is in the Meld of chamber music that he haa
been least active

‘The playing of the quartette last nightin the
Haydn and Heth Ven Numbers Was as fine
ished as over, It is only vecessary to hear
occasionally the work of other quurtettes to
realize the remarkable efficiency whion
these performers, under” Franz Kuelsel,
have acquired It in sometimes As easy
to beaccustomed to what is nearly perfection in
musical performance as to eres indulgent to
fuults through repetition, t needs only con.
trast to bring into relief the merits or uefects,
Last night the mastery of the Knelsel group
struck the audience with vew foree. The
Faure sonata in the care of two such players
as Mr. Kneweland Mme, Adamowski was, of
course, beard to the best advantage,

YOU PRACWICALLY RUN NO RISK,

As the chances are very much morethan favor-
ont for Siling your seatal or roaring House
with desirable patrons if you place your advere
Using in LER SUa's ovluman~dAde

with the quars |

|

 

thing wou'd be all right. Dr. Foote is an old
man, Mr. MacClelland is a young man, and the
younger fo.lowed the advice of the colder

After the resignation had been handed in a |

second committee, at Mra, Stephens's Insiot-
anee, it was sald, Was appointed to make ane
other investigation, and that committee re-
ported that there was sufficient ground in the
charges for a prosecution, Henoe the present
slatus of the case,

Mr. und Mrs, Stephens live at 1283 Flatbush
avenue, Mrs. Stephens, by general agree-
ment, is a person of much tenacity of purpose,

“Why,” said one of Mr. MaeCleliand’s
friends yesterday, “there were two fac
} tions in the church, one headed by the |
| trustees and the other by the session,
| ‘Tho trustees wanted to spend the money
from the  eolleetiona for current ex-
penses, The session said that the money
should goforthe benevolences, The Stephenses
were with the trustees. They had @ mort.
Kage on the church, MacClelland had to

choose between the factiona, He found th it
Presbyterian law was onthe side of the

sion and he went over to the session, body a |
breeches, He's an impulsive chap anil v«
never does anything by halves.”

Astothe sermon Mr. MacClelland preached
last spring on “Presbyterianism,” it is salda
ot of rubbish which he vever uttered was
ge. ven out as a part of it

‘Then there's that charge,” continued Mr.
MaoClelland’s friend, “about saying derogatory
things about Mrs. Stephens. That brings in an
anonyinons letter Mrs, Stephens ts alleged to
have received, which, I believe, charged her
with saying things about MacClelland and
which stated, I have heard, that, unless she
stopped, something would happen. Now the
facts are that the woman charged no jess than
three persous With writing that letter, butste
coudn't saddle it upon them and then she
concluded to try it on MacClelland, She ae-
eased him of writing it and then sald that Post
(fice authorities possessed certain informa.
tion which they would put at her disposal and
which Would prove that MaeClelland wrote tha
letter, Now the trouble hae been taken to in-
vestigate that story and it has been found that
the Post Office authorities never told Mrs,
Stephens any such thing. But more than all
this, Mrs. stephens said, in the presence of

 

Benjamine F. |

 

 

| pervices of an

Wilhesses, mind you, that there was a good |

deatoftruth in the letter, after all,’
“How about the story which oonnecta Vr
Mactiel and’s name with that of a young
woman Living in Washington avenue, Brook.
lyn? asked the reporter
“There's about as much truth In that story

 

asthere isin all the rest of the Stenhens rube
bish The facts are these: While MacClelland
Was preaehing in Gloversville a young woman
of Brooklyn went there on a visit. She was ine
troliced to the young parson. The young
Woman who introduced them said as she did
80

You both are engaged, so you may find

many subjects having a common interest

fo ths the visitor replied in substanee:
‘Oh, I've been engaged efore and I don't
think a litte like thought should spoil anys

body's good time.’

“When that conversation occurred MacClel-
and Was enwagedto his present wife. From
Whet the visitng young woman said Lsuppose
she also Was enwawed, Atauny rate, she knew
Chit MaeClehand was. Not long after that he
wescailod to Immannel Church. He called
now and then on the young woman he nad met
ia Gooversville, but if she calls the attention he
pi her marked attention,’ it startles me to
thnk what she would call sure-enough atten-
tion, Now the factof the whole business is,
these chur@es are too trivial for a serious body
like the Presbytery to consider. What Mac-
Clelland has really been guilty of is an indis-
creton aud & Woeful lack of common. senae,
Ifthe Prestytery would inject @ liberal quan.
tity of the atterartic e intothe young preacher,
give him his letter of dismissal and send bim
on his way rejoicing, it would be doing a good
turn for itself, for MacClelland and for the
chureh,”

Mrs. Stephens was Invisible to reporters yes-
terday, but at her house was aman who did
the talking forher, This person sald

‘Mrs, Stephens is prepa to prove every
she hus made aud every specifieation
thasthe affidavits of many witnesses clied
toaprear belore the Presbytery, and she hus
aba diavit to back up every speeifieation,”’

Whea the case comes ap on Feb. 1 Virtus L,.
Haines, a Mrooklyn lawyer, will look cut. for
Mr. MeCleiiand s interests on the floor of the
Prestytery, but the Whole case of the de'euse
tasheen prepared by George F, Chippertleld,
aoone time the pastor of the largest church in
Maloue, N.Y... but now a lawyer at 41 Cedar
the defenee will seek to have the case
disnnssed ®ithou going into ita merits Many
ofthe strong men of the Presbytery are ine
clined to belLave that this would be the hap-
pier dispos tion of the case. They are inelined
tothe beief that the accused has been really
wuiuty of nothing more then jndiseretion, and
they dont thnk his career in the ministry
should be blighted by subjecting him to atrial,

LUSION IN LOUISIANA,

 

  
 

vharge
bine

 

   

street

 

  

Republicans Get Together Se as to Join
Vopulists and Incependents This Spring.

Onveans, La, Jan, 23.—The regular
Republicans, known as the Herwig faction,
huve joined forces with the Sugar or white
Republicans, and have cailed jointly a State
convention to weet in Alexandria, on Feb, 2,
to nominate a fuil State ticket, The Populists
will meet in Alexandria Feb. 4. This action
Ly the Republicans is understood to meana
fusiunof all the elements, Republicans, Popu-
lists, and Independent-Democrats, In opposie
toon to the Democratic ticket nominated at
Baton Rouge last month. Asimilar movement
was mde in 1, when the fusion ticket
beaded by Pharr, @ Republican, nearty ear:i d
the Stare, and did garry tt, wo his
supporters say, but was counted out, The
aljanes between the old-time Republicans,
under Herwig, and the new Republicans, it is
asserted, Wil Oring great strength to the
ticket, Que faction of the old-time Kepubli-
cans, under Wimberly, the present Collector of
the Port of New Orleana, stil holds out against
the tusion, but the faction is very weak in
votes and has little intluence, except that it
holds most of the Federa! offices,

The election o! de egates to the National Con-
vention has been postponed tothe latter part
of April, atter tue late election, to prevent the
squabble between the Republican factions ine
terlering with the State campaign,

TO HAVE A CONVENTION,
The Prohibitionists to Meet There on June
27 in National Convention,

Cuicaao, Jan, 23.--A call for the National
Prohibit.on Convention was issued to-day by
Oliver W. Stewart, chairman, and William ‘T,
Wardwel|, seoretary of the National Conven-
tion of the Prohibition party, The Coliseum is
chosen for @ meeting Plage, nd the date tixed
for Wednesday, June 27, ch Bate is en-
titled to four delegates at large aud twice as
many delegates as the pumber of members of
the lower house of Congress to which it is en-
titled, Each State may also send one add!-
tonal Goipaste jor arpey oe vyee or major
raction thereof cast fur Joshua Levering tor
Rreodent ia 1vud,

New

 

CHICAGYU

 

er

LIVE TOPICS 4AROUT TOWN.

The delightful calm which now exists among
the singers atthe Metropolitan Opera House
has never before been observed there in such
completeness, Notonly do the prima donnas
regard one another with undying affection,
but furthermore the friendliness of the prima
donnas’ husbands is this year a feature of the
Metropolitan season, A person unfamiliar
with the situation would doubtless be de-
lighted at the eight of such good will and
kindly feeling, and it |9 only those acquainted
with certain other facts who have doubte of

the continuance of this condition, Since M,
Saléza received his famous challenge, nothing
has disturbed the suriace of affairs, Matters
have been going in such a way as to mak
it likely that an outbreak cannot be delaye
very much longer. This time it will not be
only & tenor who js heard from, por will one of
the women be the most important figure in the
impending excitement. Several members of
the company are likely to be embroiled simul-
taneously in their own particular troubles
which will cause Maurice Grau to summon all
his philosophy asa protection agalnat the fate
that might be expected to overtake an operatic
impresario, It is unfortunate that the amlablo
song-birds should be disturbed by any such
unseemly incidents now. impending. . They
seem to be purely the resu't of too muen kindly
feeling and a reaction from all the friendship
which has existed so far,

A handsome French woman who looks as if
she might be a dressmaker is the latest ad-
dition to the list of New York's itinerant
traders. She goes about in the most busineas-
like fashion offering for sale in the smaller
restaurants and saloons cheap French jewelry
and apparently finding enough purchasers to
make her business profitable, Her manners
are amiable and her personality agreeable, two
factors in her suceess that are not to be over-

 

rated, Her most striking peculiarity ts the
manner in which she attracts attention to
her wares, She carnes in her hand

she enters a saloon
h to inquire the

i dress-sult case, and wher
looks as if she bad stepped
way to a railroad station. She puts down her
bag on a Counter without explaining what
her business is and opens it sildenty, reveals
ing a vast numberof sinell puckages wrapoed
upin whitepaper, as well as a eushion Milled
With specimens of her wares. If this display,
intended for the entire room, does not have its
effect, she carmes tiie bag from one person to
another aud reveals the contents for the
special benefit) of each, bvidently the plan
works weil aud she seems to thrive.

   

The hope that relief from the Fifth avenue
stages would befound inthe substitutes prom -
ised for next autumn does not seem likely to be
fulfilled. The specimens seen now on Fifth ave-
nue are intended to take the place of the old
kind of vehicle. They move much
rapidly, are bettor Jighted and progress at a
more reguiar rate than the old stages. It is
only in these respects, however, that the horse-
less vehicles are any improvement over thelr
predecessors, It the stvle adopted closely fol-

ws the two or three new stages, there Is little
promise of comfort. The new vehicles are so
narrow that it is impossible to sitio them with
any comfort when the of praiye sna 8 also OC-
cupled by @ passenger.
means of ventilating them and atter they are

tolerated,

The fashion of decorating flowers with vari-
ous kinds of paper Very Purely produces agree-
able wsthetic results, When colored papers,
supposed to match the tints of the fowers orto
contrast with them, are used, the general ef-
fect is likely to be distressing to everybody but
the tlorist, Recently an effective use of paper
has been devised by a broadway florist to re-
veal the beauties of anew style of pink, Each
ofthe blossoms is surrounded with a back.
groundof satin-likewhite paper, with edges cut
into the forin of lace. Asthe carnations are of
a delicate color, this new fashion of displaying
their beauties seems to be the first one that has
ever added to the beauty of the flowers and at
the same time met satisfactorily the etandards
of good taste,

 

Jean de Reszke is not to come back to this
country according to a letter received here last
week, and he is settled jn his new house in
Paris, although he has during the past few
weeks been reminded of America in a way that
was not wholly pleasant. Toramonth he was

under a doctor's care for neuralgia, but
showed no signs of improvement, After a

} While he diseovered that it was not this ailment

that caused all his discomfort, but a persistent
and continuous toothache which required the
American dentist in Paris, M,
de Resske has been under this dentist's care
and is now very much better, although it is

 

 

 

extremely improbable that he will care to sing

‘ the opening of the eoming Garden
sensonin Londo: He has made no engages
meatto ¢ rao Germany or anywhere in
Burope id ‘tis probable that he will not sing
more than haifa dozen times in all before he

returns next yeartothis eountry. His wife's
house in Paris is completed, and M, de Reszko
has the mall theatre used for private per-
formances The plans tor more ambitious
pubie theatres which he discussed here last
Winter seem to have been entirely abandoned,

 
 

Col. Abe Gruber, who devotes his spare time
toadding gayety tothe polities of the Twenty
first Assembly district, has again disconeerted
his opponents by endorsing the man whom he
has been fighting against tor a County Come
mitteman, and there are those who might de-
scribe itas@ masterly retreat in the face of
superior members disguised asa mastery ad-
vance. Itis more comprehensive, however, to
eallita Gruberism, and to add it to the long
list of amusements whieh the energetic little
Colonel has contributed to his constituents,
Four years agoa young man not known tofame
was persuaded that he might tind the highway
to statesmanship in the Twenty-fArst district
ifthe w tof * Col, Grater. It is) possib'a
that Col, Graber was bot ignorant of the young
man's ambition, The jatter had some money
and he placed himself “in the hands of bis
friends.’ He printed nice little books for his
constitnents and his advisors told him thatthe
“oldman atthe Fifth Avenue Hotel” had hia
eye on him. He composed pieces and read
them and he gave a big dinner tor all of the
voters who would accept his inv-tation. The
young man wound up his campaign and moved
out oof town after spending some $15,000
or $20,000 foran experience that was probabiy
worth all that iteost. Fver since Col. Gruber
captured a room fullof Trishinen ata banquet
in Delmonico's seven or eight years age by
singing with much feeling “The Shamrock
Piueked From Mother's Grave,” he has never

 

     

 

  
 
 

disappointed the amusement loving public
Col Gruber believes thatif aman finds that
he van't hold the re of the stage all the

time it is advisabl » flip-flaps on the side
and trust tothe ‘ime light occasionally stray.
{ng in his direction,

A broker who lias a discriminating eye for

more |

vidently there is no |

| partly filed, the atmosphere is scarcely to be |

K.

HINKLE SUKD BROKER JOHN (C,

MAYES INSTEAD OF SHOOTING,

Hayes Has Now Married Mra. Hinkle With
Whom He Used to Go Bicycling While
Her Husband Was on the Road—Winged
Foot on a Letter Awoke Saspicion.

A verdlot of $20,000 for the allenation of bis
wife Gertrude was obtained yesterday in the
Supreme Court by Frederick C. Hinkle, a trav.
elling salesman, against John C, Hayes, 4 bros
ker, Hinkle obtained a divorce about a year
ago on evidence of his wifs's relations with
Hayes, and she and Hayes then married in
Virginia.

Hinkle had married her in 1883 and they
have twochildren, It was shown that the re-
lations of Hayes and Mrs. Hinkle began in
1807, whon they used to go bicycle riding to-
gether, Hinkle had to be away from town on
Mondays and Tuesdays in the business of the
silk house employing him, and evidence was
given that Hayes used to call on these days
and send the servant out for champagne and
whiskey, which he and Mra, Hinkle drank, At

nother time they had gone away together

rom saturday to Wednesday, Haves was a
member of the New York Athletic Club anda
letter addressed to Hiukle'’s wife, stamped
with the red-winged foot of that organization,
first uroused Hink!e'a suspicions, When he
spoke to his wife about Mayas, she returned:

“Well, he isa better man than you.”

At another time when he asked herto eglve
Hayes up she said, He isa perfect gent eman,
4 banker and a broker.” :

Thomas 8. Campbell, counsel for plaintiff,
said to the jury that adultery was punishable
with death until the time of Charles ID, and
that the jaw had never made a more backward
step than to doaway with that penalty. He
had great diffeulty to prevent his client from
taking summary vengeance on Hayes and in-
steal bring this action. A mere nominal ver-
dict, he said, wou'd be a laugh aod joke for the
libertines of the city.

DAY OF PRAYER IN FRANKFORT, KY.

Meetings of Humillation Because of the
Present Political Condition

FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan, 23.-Meetings of hu-
miliation and prayer were,held here to-day at
the Ascension Episcopal Chursh because of the
public po itical excitement, The meetings were
well attended,

The morning and afternoon services wera
song and prayer services and in the evening
three pastors of other city churches made

ad lseseer, This consumed an hour and a half
The Kev. T. F. Taliaferro of the Methodist
church made an address with a plea for the
home-life and proper training of children,
Chidren, he said, grew up learning to carry
arms. The home-life was responsible to an
extent for muchot the lawlessness Human
life was valued too cheap in Kentucky, The
Rev. George Darsie of the Christian Chureh
dwelt on the political phase. He said there
was Just 48 much bitterness and hatred now as
had existed inthe campaign. This was to be
deplored. He made an appeal for more love
and # better feeling. The Rev. William Crowe
of the Presbyterian Church atvised men to ac-
cept the religion of Christ and to take Chriat’s
atandard of righteousness. The Rev. Mr,
McCready, pastor of the church, closed in a
prayer for peace, order and righteousness,

 

VISIT OF THE CASTELLANES,

Mr. and Mrs. George Gould to Give a Musi-
cale for Them,

Count Boni de Castellane visited the offices
of the Gould estate in the Western Union
Building yesterday and talked with George

Gould in Mr. Gould's office. He went away
early tn the afternoon and later left the Wal-
dorf-Astoria fora walk. The Countess went

' driving in the afternoon with members of her

|

pictures aaw in the window of a Broadway art |

dealer not long ago asmall head, done in oils,
which he recognized asthe work of aman who
was especialy clever in duvlieating the few
Originals Which he had painted, Several years
he painted four ortive heads whieh he

ago

knew were goo!, and rather than make a
failure it nething pew he has spent much
of his time reproducing these pictures,
Practice has made him so facile in this work
that he pturn outa respectable eopy in half
an | Sane prees for them run from $3
toS>each. The broker wanted one of these

heads and he entered the art store and asked
the price of (he one in the window.
“That laa very tine painting,”

 

said the dealer,

“but the artis( Who made it is very much in
aved of 1 +y and Tean sell it to you, framed
iis it ls, $150,"

"You be mistaken in the price,” said
the bro} ecnuse that is one of dozens of
ouvies the same head.”

The act dealer became very indignant, but
whe e brokerexplained that he knew theart-
ixtrand that he could getfrom hin this head for
$5, the vier angrily tod him that he had

Dothing ih tis store Which he would sell him.

   

Lhe kertold this ine several pignts
WO qcule AcQUaIntanees, among Whom was
a Danish artist Who is just begioning to find a
marke. tor his Work. wad the latter supple.

 

mented TOWILh an experteneeot his own, Being
beow Hiuch in need of money a yeur ago he ol-
fered thirty wWoter-color pictures to a dealer
who bad sold some of his works. The dealer
toll him that there was podemand tor his
waintings, bot as a favor be would give bin
gu for the lot, That was $1 each and the urt-
fst was forced toaccept, Two days later he
was in the dealer's store when a woman entered
and admired one of his water-colors, The
dealer assured her that it was the work of a
very clever man, and when she asked the price
of it, he told her in auch a Jow tone that the art-
ist could not overhear, The woman's voice
wis loud, however, and when she replied,
"Well, Dwill give you $60 for itifyou will put
anewinaton it,” the urtist knew that the
dealer ®t twice as mucn for this painting as
he had paid for the entire lot. “Noval! dealers
jo this 8 rt of thing,” added the artist, “but
the average picture buyer has very little idea
ofthe value of paintings by comparatively un-
known men andadealer can fool them very
easily if he is 80 inclined.”

  

 

As to Lots, Plots or Farms.

Readers of Tae Suw alwaya know when a
good thing is presented, Let them know wnat

you have to offer by usi
md 7 Og te advertsind

family here. Mr, and Mrs, (reorge Gould are
to entertain the Count and Countess early next
month at Lakewood at a musicale at which
Mme. Eames and M. Seotti from the Metro-
politan Opera House wiil sing. Both the Count
and Countess Castellane visited Miss Helen
Miller Gould yesterday.

 

Nothing to Identify This Bronx Suicide,

Policeman King yesterday found the body of
aman who had evidently committed suicide
at the 200th street crossing, in Bronx
Park. There was a pistol beside the body
and a bullet hole in the left. breast. The
man was about 32 years old, 5 feet 7 inches
tall, nad dark hair and a dark mustache and
wore a black suit with cutaway coat, a white
shirt, black tle and black derby hat, Thera
was nothing in the pockets to jead to the man’s
identity and his body was removed to the
Harlem Morgue,

MAKINE INTELLIGENCE,
MINIATURE ALMANAC—THIS DAY,
716 | Sune@ets,.6.09, Moon rises, ..1:06
HIGH WATER—THIA DAY,
Bandy Hook.12:50 | Gov, I'd.,,1:22| Hell Gate.

Bun rises, .
8:15

Arrived-—Tvurapay, Jan, 23.

Se Ohio, Hadaway, Hall, Jan. 7.

&s Dona Maria, Jensen, Lisbon, Jan, 10

Bs Adirondack. Owen, Savauilla, Jan. v.
Mexico, McIntosh, Havana, Jan. 20
Fortuna, Christophersen, Havana, Jan, 18.
Ss Brilliant, Keller, Hamburg, Jan. 4
Fontabelle, McKay, Guadeloupe, Jan. 3,
Ss Hildawell, Willis, Girgenti, Dee, 25,

8s Chancer, Russell, Buenos Ayres, Dev, 19
&s Winifred, Langhorne. New Orieans, Jan, 18,

8s Saginaw, Johnston. Wilmington. Jan. 20,

&s Hudson, Halsey, New Orleans, Jan, 17,

6 Jefleraon, Dole, Norfolk, Jan. 22.

Rs Concho, Risk, Galveston, Jan, 17,

. Koble, Nichols, Hong hong, Oct. 8,

Bark } ny, Souza, Oporto, Oct. 14,

Bark Minnie ning, Rio Grande do 6ul, Deo.21,
Bark EF. 8. PowellsJoues, Krunswick, Jan 12,
Lrig Carib, Montgomery, Truxillo, Jan

ARRIVED OUT

Ss Thingvalla, from New York, at Christiansand,

Ss Noordland, from New York. at Antwerp

Ss Fuerst Biamarck, from New York, at Genoa,

8s Darmstadt, from New York, at Bremen,

Se Empress of India, from Vancouver, at Hong
Kong.

 

 

 

  
 

BAILED FROM FORRION PORTS,
&s Werra, from Gibraltar for Now York

OUTGOING HTRAMSHIPS,
Satl To-day.

  

  
  

 

  
 

 

   

  

 
    

Mails clone Vessel! soils.
New York, Sonthampton TOOAM 1OOOAM
Friesland, Antwerp 10504 M 1200M
Oveanic, Le verpool . XOOAM 1100 AM
Advance, Colon WhO AM 100 PM
Ithaka, Tampico, .... cece 1oOoPM 800 PM
Vigilancia, Havana 1LoOoPM 800 PM
Sen Juan, San Jnan 100PM 800PM
Alamo, Galveston se BOOPM
Autilia, Nassau 100PM 800 PM
Sail To-morrow,
Anguate Victoria, Naples as 11054M
La Brotarne Havre TOOAM 1000AM
| State of Nebras«a, Glaurow 5
Cer wos, Santas 1oorM #OOPM
Tiomo, Grenada...........45 ll Og M 1OOPM
Excelsior, New Orleans |... ...... 800PM
Sail Friday, Jan, 24
Roraima. St, Thomas... vOOAM 1200M
Maraca.bo, San Juan ......1L00 4AM 1.00PM
c , Brunawte o abdeeneent 200PM
Comanche, Charleston,...... ...066 800 P M
INCOMING STREAMSHIPS,
Due To-day.
Rendo Hamburg. » Dec %1
Gilanton Har burg. Jan. a
Pavillac Panilla fan. 4
Cluden, ....66+ » Ataterdam Jan, 6
Bucentaur..... ‘ Gibyaltar ‘a! “4
Pretoria Berniuda Jan. 17
Briscoe Gibraltar Jan. 7
Rt. Leonards Antwerp Jan. &
Bt, Cuthbert Antwerp Jan. #8
State of Nebraska Ginagow.,.. Jan, i0
Amity Vorleaux jan.
Fthtopia Ginswow, Jan.
Southwark Antwerp Jan 13
Rotterdam Rotterdam Jan. 18
Eicid New Orleans.,.....Jan. 14
Georgie Liverpool Tau. a4
Teuton Liverpool fan 17
Ka ser Wilhelm IT Gibralta Jan. 3%
Kaisaa City Swatses Jan. 10
S!, Jerome St. Michaels Jan wb
Trapant .. Brome Jan 10
Andee ae Jamaica Janu. 17
Ayvuiles . Alwiers dan. vv
Finance...... : ... Colon echoes ET
Comanche Jacksonville Jan. 21
Nacoochee,..... Savannah Jan 21
"rinidad Bermuda Jan. 23
Due To-morrow,
Mantton.,.....ce0e SEOOEOE bo ceceersves danii4
Paiatia... . Hamburg Jan 14
Olbers.. ’ bees st Lucia .Jan ia
Martello.......... . Hull Jan, 12
Due Friday, Jan. '4,

RUM. goer 00000 -Bremen........ Jan. 15
Tartar Prince. . Gibraltar. . Jan. 1a
Due Saturday, Jan 27,

St. Louls + seeees fouthampton,,....Jan. 20
ALIOR. occcorcrcccececes remen coves One. 18
FB) BRlO. scrcevcocsoeerceevens Now Orleana,......Jan. 22
Madiana.............. St. Thomas...,.....Jan. 22
Dwe Sunday, Jan, 23
La Normandie,,...........Havre.....,....... Jan 20
YAU. occcersseers » Shields..............dam. 15

 

Due Monday, Jan. 29,

Liverpool
» laagow

 

 

        
  
  

The bargain-pot is still boiling,

Plenty of fuel on hand to keep
it hot.

Men's shoes:

Black Calfskin.
Russet.
Vici Kid.
Button.
Blucher,
Lace.
Jligh Skating.
Most of them were 84.50
and 5.
Take pot-luck at $2.25.

Pines wie Deo gen
hi 1GERS, Perr & Co,
850 Broadway, cor, Leonard,
fay Broadway, cor Prince
Thirty-secoud and Broadway.
ee

Art Sales and Exhibitions.

—

JANES P. SILO, Auctioneer.
FIFTH AVENUE ART GALLERIES

366 Fifth Avenue,
The Private Collection of

High Class Oil Paintings
Belonging to
Mr. ISAAC WALKER
of this city
To be Sold at Auction Absolutely Without

teserve, on

THURSDAY AND FRIDAY EVENINGS,
January 25 and 26, at 8:15 o'clock,

On free exhibition until time of sale,

 

Pinnofortes, Organs, &e.

~n as

STEINWAY & SONS, |

NO, 10) bk. 14TH STREET,
Have always on hand & large stook 9!
SLCOND-HAND PIANOS
ofalmcet every wiuke, thoir owa included, takea (q
exchange for new alae hy pisuos, These tnetra
mente are ip good order, haviag been thorough
repa.red by us, aud they are offered at lowest p
ble prices.
Bar Beware of Bogus Steinway Pianos,

PIANO BARGAINS. |

We are now offering several odd styles of Upright
Pianos, both new and second-hand, at great es
tions, Sold on casy terms of payment or liberal
discotnts alowed for cash.

MASON & HAMLIN CO,
3 & 5 West 18th Street, New York,

POPULAR PEASE PIANOS.

100 West 424 «t,, Just West of 6th av,
Highost standard of construction Direct from mam
ufacturer: easy termes, used pianos, popular makes,

 

$125, $150. Write for complete iiat an catalogue,
Bargains in Celebrated, Gordon Uprights,
New 8250 $i.00 monthly Atew

$200 NEW—$6 MONTHL

Send for catalogue. GORDON 'S, 18» Fifth Av,

BABGAlNs Now Pianos, €125; ellahtly used, 950;
installments, $4: rent, $3
OUVHLER BROS,, 18 Fast Leth at,
] FAUTIFUL NEW UPRIGHT PIANOS, $125; alee
slightly used; cay payments, rented, exchanged,
CHAISTMAN, 21 Bast tath et,
I ELIABLE CONNOK PIANOS; high grades; easy
terms, renting, repainug, exchanging, tunings
4 Kast 42d at, : :
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT
ement Steinway beautifally
BIDDLE'S, 7 Bast Lath otreet,

 

open eventuus
. BEAUTIFUL
s l OO every iinpr
carved yreat bargain

 

Public Potices.

NOTICE TO CREDITORS,

In pursuance of an order of Hon Burr Mattioe,
one of the Justices of the Suprems Court of the
State of New York, notice is hereby onto all per
gons having claims awainst Lena Hy lately doing
business at the village of Cherry valley, Oteezo
County, N.Y., to present the same, with the vouchers
thereof duly verified, to the subseriber, the duly
appointed assignee of said Lena Harris, for the
Denefit of creditors, at his office inCherry Valley,
Otaego County, N. ¥., on or before the 26th day of

March, 190, 7
WILLARD 8. GIBLONS, Assignee.
Dated Cherry Vall-y, N. Y., dan’y both, 100

Pemages Subsistence Stores at Auction. Will be

~~ aaa

 

 

solt atSubaistence Storehouse, No. | Water
Street, New York City at tl A. M,, January 26th,
1400. Plug Tobacco, Linen Handkerchiefs, Hair

   

List on app iivation
G. A. WOODRUFY, Col. & A. 0. @. 8

Brushes, &

   

nmripDwD.

MecVEIGH,.—At her residence, 102 West Kighty-
ninth st, on Monday afternoon, Jam, 22, 1900, ta
her 27th year, iande Louise Phelps, daughteg
of Charles FE. Phelps of Bay Shore, L. L, and wife
of Warren K. MeVeigh,

The funeral took place on Tuesday at Hem patead,
privately. °

MILLS. Suddenly, on Sunday, Jan 21, 1900,’ a
Pasadena, Cal, in the Seth year of bis age, Ezra
Faluer Mills of New York, som of the late Johe
F. Mills of Poston,

Funeral private

POWELL, At Syracuse, N. ¥., Jan, 18, 1800,
Louls Franehot, only son of Archibald ©, and
Frances GU. Powell, aged 52 years

Was buried frqm his late home, 608 James st, on
Monday, Jan, 22, 10)

SONNTAG.-On Monday, Jan, 22, 1000, at bis
late resitence, Fast Téth st., Willam L. Soon
tug, N.A., in the 74th year of his age,

Funeral priva.e

STOCKTON,—Suddenly, at the Hanover, New
York, on Monday, Jan. 22, 100, John Potter
Stockton, in the 74th yoar of lis age.

Funeral on Wednesday, Jan, 94, 1900, at2P. My
from Trinity Chureh, Princeton, N. J,

WATTS. —Suddenty Monday morving, Jam, 23,

1900, at bie rescience, (125 Bedford av,, Brooke

   
 

lyn, Dr. Altre tJ, Waits, in the 7éth year of hie
axe.

Funeral services at his late residence, Thursday,
Jan. 2%, lwoo, at 2 P.M. Interment private,
WHITE.-0n Tuesday, Jan 23, 100, at hie reste
der 4 Mount Morne Dark West, Andrew Jd,

White.

Funeral from late residence, Thorsday, Jan, 26,
100.0, at 10 A.M. ceto All Sunte’ Church,
12th et and Modis nay. Relatives and friends
are respectfully invited to attend. Interment

C

 

ary.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY
Office, | Madison av., corner 43d st, N.Y,
ey

Special Notices.

FADED HMALK recovers ita youthful eolor 4
soltnves by the ine ol VA KES HAIR BLAM.
HINDERCUM Ss, the best cure forourns, 16 cts.

a

-" Rew Pudlications. ;

tml

Fust Published

MADAME DREYFUS

An Appreciation
By JOSEPHINE LAZARUS.

A Study of womanly character of great powet
and pathos,

FOR SALE EVERYWHERE,

BRENTANO’S Publisher
NEW YORK.

os $1.50 Boows, Hae.) Loto and Boer, Abe 4
AL Red Pottawe. vse. VALBKAN, Wi. am a

N? BOOKSELLER ip the US. car produces as mang
titles as PRATT, LUL bbu av, Caralogues trea,

 

 

 

          

ee

(

oe ———_~

ee

as

a

SS