ee

|
|

|

   

GLOISTEIN

DOKSN'T THINK MUCH OF THE HUB
THOUGH HE SAW MOST OF 17,

 

Bile Persistent Hunt in an Fast-Side Dress | timated at more than $3,000,000, was fllod for
'

 

fult and Rubber Boots Thro the
Buburbs for the Wedding of Joe Gahm's
Danghter—Saye Boston's a Bunce Town.

The friends and acquaintances of August J.

Glotetein, President of the Glolstein Fishing | $2,000; Home for Incurables, $2,000;

Club, did not know him when just after 's
o'clock Bunday morning he walked up to the
Bowery from West street after an absence of
several days from bia saloon, He had several
days’ growth of whiskers on hia chin and he
wore adress sult, the trousers of which had
shrunk till the bottoms were four inches above
hisankles, What had once been a standing
collar around his neck was wilted till it was a

VISITS BOSTON, HER WITL DIVIDES THREE MILLIONS,

 

 

Bequests of Mario Kichler, Widow of John
Fichter, the Brewer,

The will of Marie Kichler, widow of John
Kichler, the brewer, disposing of an eatate es-

probate yesterday, Bequests to eharity are
German Hospital and Dispensary, $3,000, and
afurthersum of $1,000 to found @ training
schoo! for nurses; St. John's Lutheran ¢ hureh,
St, Jo-
seph's Hospital for Consumptives, $1,000,
Lebanon Hospital, $1,000; Wartburg Orphan's
Farm Sehool the Evangelical! Lutheran
Chureh, $1,000; Mayor and Council of Goll-
helm, Germany, $1,260, to be known o8 the

John and Marie Eichler fond, the Income te go
to the support of the Marien Kindergarten,
and $4,000 tothe Mayor and Coune:! of Koth-
cnburg-on-ders Tauber, Gorimany the income
forthe support ofthe Join anc Marie Kichler

of

. kindergarten, .
rug and the bow of a necktie, once white, hung Or her bequests are: Marguretha Th, $50,000; |

under hia left ear.
“Mein Gott,” «ald Glolstein to Pret. Miller,

Trensurer of the Beer Creek Association. on |

reaching the shelter of bis back room, “That
peen in Bosden. Ach, vat o town! I go dere
by no more veddings Vata blace, vata blace!
I vill neffer again go dere for a vedding, If f
feels sorry for any von vat dies undt dies py
Boaden, den I mighdt go by der funeral, Den
1 feels sorry for der corpse undt mineselfs vile
Iam dere, [vill dena regular mourner pe, by
ehiminy.”

Gloistein reeetved thia latter several days ago:

My dear Augustine, mein danghter Jena vill be
married Friday night at 262 Main atreet. Woburn,
you may an invited giest be so come by id. I hat
nod seen you since we came overon der same abib.
little Tena vas very little den. Shet« tigger now.
You vill bafa greatt.me here, We expect not that
you don't come, Jor Gan,

“Malin old freundt Joe Gabm,” said Glolstuin
when he read the letter. “LI vill go by dut ved-
ding if T valk.”

He started for Boston on the midnight train
on Chursday, On the advice of some of his
friecds who knew al) about Boston, he
donned a dress suit before he started, and
wore with it a pair of rubber boots, carrying
patent leather slippers in his ulster pocket,
He pulled off the boots on the train, but stent
with his clothes on in ease of accident, He
reaebed Boston early on Friday morning, The
wedding was to te!» place at 7 o'clock on Fri-
day evening, go that he found that he had a lot
of time on his hands. He went to Gore's Ho-
telin Washington street and registered. His
night’s oceupaney of The cress suit, which he
had hired from au East Side tailor, bad had @

ecular effect on it and the rubber boots
neightened the effect when he walked into the
hotel!

“Tam

  

oing py a vedding in Main street
to-night.” said Gloistein. to the clerk, “Tam
from New York, I vould like to der town see.”
The announcement attracted a numpberiof well-
dressed young men to his side, and he ordered
drinks for the crowd, i
rised to find, cost him #485 for one round,
je was rescued at last by the clerk.

Glotstein was unaware that there were sev-
eral towns adjacent to Boston, each of which
had its Main street. Iverything was Boston in
that partof the State to him, and though he
could not find Gahin’s Invitation, he remem-
bered that Gahm lived at 252 Mainstreet, acd
thought that was all that was neceasary
Among the towns in a short trolley ride of
2oston and possessing Main streets are Cam-
bridge, Chelsea, Somerville, Lynn, Medford,
lalden, Everett, Quiney, Dedham, Milton and
Voburn. : ' -

“Tvantto gorightavay to Gahm’s house,
said Glotstetn to the clerk, after awhile, and
the clerk volunteered to send a_beliboy with
him. “Show this gentleman to Main street to
the point he directs you,”” he ordered Giol-
stein gave the boy a half dollarand the pair
started forth, .

“Are you sure that you want togoto Main
street, Boston?” asked the boy,

"Vera doyoutiok I pe py?’ asked Gloisteia
Ais Losdon’"

“Yes, sir,” replied the boy

“Den, taig me dere,” directed Gloistein.

The con'e Moin street in Hoste: ts in Charles.
town, uuder the shadow of bs. uker Hill.
Charlestown was former|y a city, butis now
part of Boston, When Gloistein and the bell
boy reached 252 Main street, Charlestown,
they found there a one-story barber shop con-
ducted by a negro. 3

“That all der vay from New York
tend der vedding here to-night,’ sat
to the proprietor.

“Go'way, go’way, sir,” said the barber.

“Tyill notgo avay,” persisted Gloistein. “Tf
der vedding is here T stay here. J am from
New York unit aobody vat lifs couldt fool me.”

The barber stared at him a momentand then
ran out shouting forthe police, Several police.
men and citizens responded to theeall, but
through the good offices of the bellboy they
were convinced that Gloisten was not an as-
eaped lunatic andthe boy led him back to the
hotel, where they had another conference with
the clerk.

“Tam sure dot it vas 2!
Gloiatein,

“Take him over to Cambridge,” ordered the
clerk, and the boy led Gloistetn forth once

more

At 242 Main street, Cambridge, they found a
lumber yard, and went back to Boston,

“By chiminy, | won't standt for any monkey
doodleness,” said Gloistein getting excited.

In Main street, Chelsea, they found a tem-
perance mission conductel by a middle-aged
woman.

“LT gome to attend der vedding of Joe Gahm's
daughter,” said Gloistein

“Yes, yes,” she said, “we have many poor un-
fortunates like you, who come here seeking
repentanee, | will do what Lean to save you.”

“Don't save me,” soid Gloisteip, “Show me
vere der vedding is by =

“Poor man,” purrad the
has got the better of you.”

“Tgome here to see Joe Gahm,” shouted
Glolatein, getting excited, “He seiis beer, Vere
fs he? Fat kindt of a blace fs dis anyvay?”

“Get away from here,” exclaimed the
woman, and the by y dragged Glolstein off

Giloistein gave the boy liberal fees andthe
boy was willing to keep up the search forthe
wedding for all it was worth, (oistein was on
is mettle, They went to 252 Main street,

filton, and struck a Chinese laundry, In Med.
ford they founda fire engine house, In Ded-
ham, No. 252 Main street, wasan undertaking
establishment

They gave up the search about midnight

n Friday night and Gloisiein, thoroughly ex-

austed, went to sleep in Gore's Hotel, Inthe
meantime Miss Gahm was duly married at 262
Main street, Woburn, and Gloistein’s old
friend Gahm greatly regretted his absence.
On Saturday morning the clerk, to make sure
that Gloistein got safely back to New York,
sentaman with him to Fall River, who saw
him put safe in a stateroom on @ Fal! River
steamboat, which brought him to New York
early Sunday morning.

“Dot vasa bunco town,” said Gloistein last
night after a day'ssleep. “| gopya vedding
undt I don't wet_to der vedding, (Gah vil!
neffer forg!{me_ I vill neffergo by dot town
anymore, VenTgopy a goodt time again lg
fishing. No more Bunker Hi!! pizness for me,”

  

 

gome to ate
d Gloistein

2 Main street,” said

woman, “the liquor

Dance for Miss Justine Bayard Cutting.

Mr. and Mrs. Robert Fulton Cutting, of 24
East Kixty-seventh street, gave a dance last
night for their niece, Miss Justine Bayard Cut-
ting. Worthington Whitehouse led the cotillion
of less than fifty couples and danced with Miss
Cutting. The favors included rattles, pencils,
and paper-cutters for men, and pincushions of
clustered atrawberries. bonbonierres, {ittle

ooking-glasses framed with rosea, and ribbon
anners for the women. Among the dancers
were Miss Brice, Miss Beatrice Bend, Miss
Junt, Miss Evelyn Burdea, the Misses Morton,
fies Malza Wood, Miss Daisy Crocker, Miss
Suretta Kernochan, Misa Bisie Claws, Miss
sloane, the Misses Post, Miss Fifl Potter, Mias
Bishop, Mr. ond Mrs, John Ho Hammond Mr

nd Mrs, Goodhue Livingston, the Misses
Howitt, Moa Parsons, Mis Moran, Miss Marie
Vinthrop, Misa Rogers, Miss ronson, Miss
obinson, Henry L Barbey, Jr. David Bishop,
Beekman Floppin, Walter Cutting, Munroe
eraguson, Creighton Webb, John Rogers,

i wor Winthrop, T, Adama, Jr., William Sloane,

Sradish Johnson, Ceci! Baring, Center Hiteh-

ock, R, Van Cortlandt, Harry Robbins, and
ames de W, Cutting.

Would Buy Mrs. Booth’s Convicts’ Home.

Gen, Ballington Booth has
of $15,000 for the property at Flushing. L. L.,
where Mrs, Booth’a home for State prison
graduates is situated, and has asked for thirty
daya in which to consider it. The Board of
Diree'ore of the Amervcan Volunteers met
yesterday 'o consides
the pis but took noe
time of allournment af noon no proposition
was received from the Flushing people

         

After the adjournment a proposition waa re-

  

eaived from Thomas Willets and BF. Vv, D. Cox
wealthy residents of Plu
the property for $15,000 cash,
to be acer pred within twenty-four hours
place cost S120)

German Charity Ball,

The tenth German Charity Ball under the | poucntng the eran

          

received an offer

the question of selling
‘tron because up tothe

 

 

auspices of the Bachelors’ Society of the Ge
man Liederkranz Aro aud Reethover
Mannerehor, wi ke place at the Metro-
olten Opera House, on the nightof Feb. 1,
te the past nine veors o8 TSO. hast
Cistribtited to various man charities
from the ne ‘tT i these balls, [tts

   

tl

\he

expected that net! $10,000 will be

netted from this tall

 

we those who have

|
|

 

Thedrinks, he waseur- |

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  

ing, offering to buy |
The citer wos t

The |

he
’ $500 has been made by Mre

| Avenue Was sume

} agreedt

| Harvard

nephew, $100,000; Ma ,
Passau, Germany, $75,000, llsie
Ludwig Goldbrunper of
Hoffman, Brazil,
Bavaria,

 

Witiam Uhl
Hoffinan of
Golibrunner, wife of
myasan, $75,000; Helnrich
75.000; Carl Hoffman, | Ansbach, ir)
75.000; Heinrich Berg of Rothenburg, $75,-
O00: Sophie Glueek, Munich, $75,000) George

this city, $70,000, and Joseph Rothbarth of
Germany, $2,500 :

Mrs. Fiehler’s nephew, Jacob Siegel, Jr. ia to
have her residenee at 10th atreet and Fulton
avenue on condition that he pay his sister
Minna Endermann $25,000, and {4 to have 225
shares ol the stock of the John Kichler Brew-
ine Company with the provision that he pay his
sister Minna $75,000 and $15,000 each to Caro
line Ott, wife of John Ott, a sister of the testa-
trix, and her nieces, Johanna Heintz, Minna
Heintz, Marie Zierlein) and | Anna Ott
Her nephew, John C. Heintz, ia to have 200
sharesof the stock providing that he pays
$45,000 to his mother, Caroline Ott; the saine
sum toeach of bis sisters Johanna Heintz,
Minna Hetntz, Mary Zierlein and Anna Ont;
‘ute $88,000 in trast forthe support of Louisa
Victoria Heintz, whois to bave the principal
ot the tenst on coming of age, and paye his
cousin Jacob Siegel, Jr, $50,000. ‘The neices,
Johanna Heintz, Minna Heintz, Marie Zierlein,
Anna Ott and Minna) Fndermann and her
nephew, Wiliam Uhl, are to have the
contents of Mra. Pichler’s houge, including her
statuary, paintings and jewelry. Minna Po-
dermann is to have thirty-five shares of the
browery stock providing she I her aunt,
Margaretha Ubi, of Germany, $25,000, | ‘The
residue of the estate is left to the nephews,
Jolin ©. Heintz and Jacob Siegel

 

TO WED MISS L, C, JOILLTARD,

Senor Machado of Guatemala Engaged to
the Niece of the New Vork Merchant.

Canton, Ohio, Jon. 23.— According to a letter
received here to-day from Paris, the enwage-
ment is announced of Miss Laura Corneille
Juilliard and the Hon. J. Tible Machado, Vis-
count of Montamara, Consu!-General of Guat-
emala and Secretary of the Embassy in Lon-
don, Miss Juilliard {8 a Stark county gir),
her home being in Louisville, just east

of here. She is also a niees of A.D, Juilliard. the
New York merchant, who has given the brite
to be a handsome dowry as a marriage settle.
ment. The marriage will take place in Parts,
nat Notre Dame, Misa Juilliard has adopted the
Cathole faith and was rechristened Agnes,
tiking the name of her patron saint, aceording
tothe rule ofthe Catholic Church in France

Sefior Machado is a Central American by
birth. He eomes from a family of Spanish
nobility. He is very wealthy and holds large
jnterests in Central American coffee, planta-
tions a3 weil asa handsome house in Mayfair,
the most fashionable part of London He also
has a house in Paris and a winter residence in
the southo! France. Misa Juilliard has been a
long time abroad studying music. The wed-
ding willoceur on Junes,

 

LOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE,

Branch Line of the Road Which May Grow
Into Another Main Line,

Montoomeny, Ala., Jan, 23.—OMcials of the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad to-day filed
in the office of the Secretary of State the Incor-
rorative papers for the Northern Alabama
Kailroad. The company purposes” to
build seventy-four miles of road from
Cullman, on the main line of the Louis-
ville and Nashville Comnany in north-
ern Alabama, through Jefferson, Walker and
Cullman counties to Bessemer, Ala. The
Louisville and Nashville owns a line of road
from Bessemer to Blocton and also owns a line
which it has recently con pleted from Selma to
Pensacola, Fla. It is beiteved that the build-
ing ofthe Northern Alatama can oniy mean
that the eompany will also build the forty-mile
gap between Hlocton and Selma, which would
givethe Louisvilleand Nashville another line of
road running from the Tennessee valley to the
Guif

The new line will penetrate the mineral
part of the State and will relieve the main line
ot heavy freight service,

TEACHING THE OLD WOMAN A LESSON,

 

Morris Walsh's Method Was to Hang Him-
self to the Gas Fixture,

Morria Walsh's wife told him what she
thought of him at their home at 205 Fast 100th
atreet Jast night and then she went out to call
upon some friends. When she came in, she
found her husband hanging from the dining
room gas-fixture by a piece of clothesline
which wae tied about his neck. She screamed
and ran out of the house fora policemiun. She
found Tierney of the 104th street station anid
he came with an ambulance surgeop, who cut
Walsh down and revived him with some diffi-
culty

WR i) mestif? Naw!" exclaimed Walsh, when
they asked him what he had tried to do. “Ok
was just afthertachin’ the ould woman a bit of
a lesson,”

He was locked up.

 

MARCHING ON COLOMBIA'S CAPITAL,

The Revolutiontsts Hope to Capture It by
the End of April.

The latest advices from Colombia are to the
effect that the revolution continues. Gen,
Benjamin Herrera, chief of the revolution, re-
ports that in the battle fought in Santander on
Dec. 16 and 17, there were 10,000 Governinent
troops opposed to 6,000 revolutionists but the
latter won. Gen. Herrera, who was wounded
in the engagement, admits the loss of 750 men
in killed aud wounded, He says the Govern-
ment loat 1,700 in killed and wounded and the
rebels took 0) prisoners,

The revolutionists ara now marching on
Bogota and hope to capture the capital by the
enlof April.

 

Gus Ruhlin Knocked His Man Out in a
Horry.

Troy, Jan. 23,-The flaht between Gua Ruh-

in, the “Akron Giant,’ and Fred Kapp of Al-

bany before the Manhattan A. C. proved a
flaseo. Kapp. whois @ feet 5 inches tall and
weighs 215 pounds, was a faree, Kapp
lasted only 2 minutes and 19 sae.

onds, of which thirty seconds were spent on
the floor At the outaet he essayed to shake
hands with Ruhiin, who, instead of receiving
the extended hand planted a ostiff right on
Kepp’s optie, patting it out of Lusiness and
sending m to the floor, where he took tha
full eount. “Two inore hard swings did the
trick, and Ruhlin got the decision without
being touched by a blow,

Asseinblymen Invited to Witness a Boxing
Bout.

Urrea, Jan, 23.—To-morrow a committes

of the Genesee A, A. will goto Albany and

extend an invitation tothe Assembly Commit-

tev on Codes to witness the bout between Gus
Ruhtin and Jack Finnegan, whieh will be
puced off before that elub here on Jan, 31
The hearing before the committees to amend
reetions of the boxing law is scheduled for
to-morrow after ‘The wembers will be
lurgedtoattendthe “go” here and judge for
themselves as to the merit of the argument

calling tor ainendments to the law

Children Saw Mother Kill Herself,

Marv Sehill the wife of John sehill, a glass
cutter \iving at 774 bast 165th etreet, commit:
ted suicide Inst plght by drinking carbolic acid

 

ather home alter a quarrel with her hushand
Her five children were in the room when she
drank the stu Der, Quirk of 1,001 Boston
oned, but the woman died
before bis arrival

Mr. Allen's City Bank Resolution Passed.

|
Renaz, Bavaria, $70,000; Fritz Rothbarth of

i .

i

 

 

! whose homeds in Nee tham

aretha |

Wasnisotos, Jan, 23.—Inthe Senate to-day |

the resolution pred yesterday by Mr. Allen
| (Pop., Net calling on the Seeretary of the
‘Treasury forcopies of all the correspondence

 

Government funds to

the Nahonal City Bans wastaken up and was

without ob,

#500 Vearly Donation to Harvard,
Camuxipok, Mass, Jan 25,—A donation of
F.C, Hammer of
tou the Seandinavian depar;ment at

She has promised to make the dona-

Boston

ready subseribed for boxes are George | trona yearly stipend, Tho movev is a memorial
fer’ Javob Luppert, Qewald Ottenuafer, | of the Jate bk. C. Hammer, once Consul at Bos-
pry Willard aud Adam Webber, ton from Denmark.
{ ,
\
se li ~ ii ¢
iii iiteteariipeihcttnitinarane Mansel rere eorr meee
re Fine Preenenemen . - - as A OO mes = eee ee

SAME
lores

SUN,

  
   

  

ROBBEUS AITTACKQTWO WOMEN,

 

Armed Men Honting for the Assatlants of
Mra, Dennett and Mra. Haskell,

Puitapenpata, Pa., Jan, 25.—A seore of men
armed with guns and elubs have o®en scours
ing the woods tn the vielnity of Franklinville,
a village about twenty miles from Woodbury,
NJ, all day in search of two iobbers who
Into last night broke into the house of
Mra. Filen Dennett, an aged widow, and beat
Mrs Dennett and her sister, Mes, Mary Haa-
kell, so severely with clubs that it is doubtfui
whether eithor will recover. Mra, Dennett is
the widow of awoldier of the Civil War and is
in receipt ofa pension. She alo has a farm
from which she derives a comfortable income,
indit ts generally supposed that she has cou.
siderable money in the house. This winter she
bos had with her, her aister, Mra, Tlaekell,
Moss, Last night
they wentto bed early

About 1) o'clock Murs. Dennett awoke and,
seeing no Night, called to her sister, As ahe
dod soa hand was placed over her mouth ania
voice threatened her with death if she made a
aound, Her aister, hearing this, srose and ran
screaming from the room. Mrs, Dennett

also screamed and the thief atruck her on the |

head repeatedly with a club. The other had
gone after Mrs. Haskell and, catching her,
beat ber until ahe fell exhausted, Mean-
while, Mra. Dennett had recovered ant was
coming outofthe house, when ahe Was again
eanghtand beaten, Her cries weee heard by
Kobert Campbell and George Smith, who live
withina bundred yards of the Dennett farm,
When they arrived the women were uncon
ecious, but the thieves had fled, Both women
have been delirious all day and doetors say
that Mra, Haskell eannot survive. ‘Three men
have been arrested but released, as there was
nothing to connect them with the case,

BOSTON'S PARIS EXHIBIT,

Model of the City Showing Parks, Railroad,
Water and Sewage Syateimns.

Boston, Jan. 23.—-One of the most. notes
worthy Massachusetts exhibits to be shown at
the Paris Exposition will be the model of
the city of Boston, exhibiting its parks,
raiiroud systems, natural features and
water and sewage systems, This model
in relief is now being made in Poston
and one-half is already completed, The model
isto show a circular area twenty-five miles
acrosa, on a scale of five inches to the mile.
This will make it, when completed, about ten
feet in circumference, with Dewey Square as
the centre. It is customary to take the State
House asthe metropolitan centre, but it waa
found that by taking Dewey Square it would
would be poastile to show the whole of Boston
harbor, Nahant, Swampscott and Nantasket
Beach, In connection with the relief model,
the Metropolitan Sewerage, the Water and the
Park Boards ara to make an exhibitof photo-

raphs and drawings showing their work more
fn fetail Thay will also print for distribution
Drief monographs of forty or fifty pages each,

The State Board of Health will also have an
exhipit showing methods of sewage disposal of
the Lawrence plant. This exhibit will occuny
a apace at the intersection of two galleries in
the Engineaé@ring Building, the French exhibit
being on the opposite side.

STRIPPED A HOUSE OF ITS PLUMBING,

 

 

Detectives Canght Italian Thieves as They
Were Carting Their Loot Awny.

John C. Brand's house at West 124th
street was atrippedof al! its plumbing yester-
day by two Italian thieves, Mr. Brand lives at
1 Weat 124th street and the house at 27 is un-
oceupied,

Yesterday afternoon Detectives Churchill
and Hawkins ofthe Fast 120th street station
appeared at Mr, Braad’s home and informed
him of the theft. They said they had been
walking along Madison avenue near 124th
street when their attention was attracted by
two Italians who were pushing 4 handear
through 124th street. The cart was piled high
with bags of pipe of al’ sorta and sizes,

The [tulians could not tel! how. they got hold
of the pipe and were taken to the station to
think itover, It was there learned from them
that they had robbed Mr. Brand's house, They
had turned the water off jn the basement and
had torn the plumbing all to pieces.

The damage to the house is estimated at
$1,000, The Italiana said. that they were
Michae! Constantine of 821 East 111th street
and Frank Salleen of 2286 First avenue.

a7

RACE TO RAISE 875,000,

 

¥. M. C. A. Officers in New Haven in a
Lively Struggle to Get Money Donations,

New Haven. Jan, 23.—The officers of the
Young Men’s Christian Association of this city
have been at work vigorously for 4 month to
raise $75,000 by gift forthe association, Four
weeka ago acitizen of thla town, whose name
the Y. M. C. A. officials will not disclose, agreed
to give to the association $40,000 In cash pro-
viding that $75,000 would be raised by mid-
night on Saturday night, Jan 20, If not ae-
cured at that hour the $40,000 would not. be
forthcomiug. At midnight on Saturday $50,«
000 bad been promised. Now the officials pro-

ose to appeal to the $40,000 eon ditional donor
lor an extensicn of time, confident that the
balance of the $75,000 can be obtained,

Talk of Having Greyhounds as Retrievers.

Eastport, Jan, 25.—A number of prominent
gun clubs of this section are seriously consid-
ering the project of substituting greyhounds
for the purpose of retrieving dead and wounded
pigeons in matches, Such dogs, owing to their
supertor agility and awiftness of foot, are re-
warded as preferable to the pointer and setter.

 

Odds and Enda of Sports,

The teams of Company D and Company F met tn
the championship baseball tournament of the
Twenty-third Regiment, atthe armory, on Monday
night. Company D was defeated by @ score of 12
to 7.

A match game of continnons pool, 100 points, has
Deru arranged to be decided to-night atthe Victoria
Dillard parlor, 1406 Broadway, The contestants
are KE. & Thompson of New Jersey and Mike Meyors
of this city.

PHitapeipnis, Jan. 28.—Geerge W, Orton, the
noted long distance runner, has announ ed his de
cision to compete tn the Olympian «amen atthe
Paris Exposition. He will probable represent either
the New York A.C. or the Toronto A. C.

The Colmobia University Track Assooiation has
entered # relay team of four men in the Boston Col-
leve A. A. games to be held next Saturiay. Har
vard will race Columbia. The Jocal team will be
made up as fo lows: Maxwell W. Long, vol A
MeAnerney, 1002. F. Po Delgado, 1vOl, and WOK
Haleey, 1/02, On Feb. the second relay race will
be against Corne!l atthe same games, The Colum-
bia team for this race has hot been chosen

Members of the Greater New York Irish Athletic

 

 

 

 

Club were pleasantly surprised last night by the
presentation of @ loving cup by James hk. K on
well-known patronof Gaelic sports, The trophy

will be the prize forthe first championship series of
the old Iriah game of hurling, which is being ar
ranged under the auspices of the club between the
following teams: Sarstelds, Meaghers, Emerald,
Beitic, Youtu Ireland, Garry Owens, O'Connelis and
Jucahy St ne, The presentation was made by the
donor, and accepted on vehalfof the club by Preai-
dent Dr D, A. MeAuliffe.

Dr. Lyon’s

PERFECT

Tooth Powder

Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.

 

 

VIN MARIANI

Mariani Wine —World Famous Tonic

more than

Written endorsements from

8.000) physicians Never has anything re-
ive such high reeognition from the
n ! profession: the ve Vin Mariani

 

With perfect safety
Kefuse Substisutes

sold ty all Drugwists

= nfeinationa
“" y Phd
Wav0rl

NEW CREATION

 
 
 

So TS

 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY

   

ST, GEORGE MIVART

FORMAL WITHDRAWAL OF HIS RE-
CENT SUBMISSION TO THE CHURCH,

 

Abanionad for Unrestrained
the Koman Church- Man's
Beyond the Scope of
Rationaliatle Tarn
Catholic,

Orthadowy
Criticism of
Body and Soul
Man's Opinions—A
of a Former Distinguished

Dr St. George Mivart, the English Catholic
selentific man, has written another article tn
which he severely criticises the authorities of
the Catholic Church ot Rome, ‘The article
appears inthe Fortnightly Reriew, Dr. Mivart
wrote some time ogo several articles on

“Happiness in Hell,” which were put on the

Tndex He says now that he wrote those

articles in the interest of Catholicity and to

show that the Catholio Church's doctrines ou
hell “readily admitted of so complete u trans-
formation that they no longer need distress
men of ordinary good feeling.” He dec!ares
that when the articles were put upon the
Index, as he was called upon to make no re-
traction, and as nota single position put for-
ward by him was condemned, he thought It
well, out of respect for Leo MILL, and for other
reasons, to submit tothe decree, and he sub-
mitted. Now he gives notice that he withdraws

|
his submission, He writes:
“Tatill regard the representations as to hell

 

which have been commonly promulgated, in
sermons and meditations, as so horrible and
revolting that a deity capable of instituting
such a piace of torment would be a bad God,
and therefore, in the worda of the late Dr. W
G. Ward, a God ‘we shoul! be under the inde-
feasible obligation of disobeying, defying, and

abhorring.

One part of Dr. Mivart’s article that {s re-
garded by Catholies as likely to get him into
trouble with the Roman authorities speaks as
follows of the Chureh:

“Now, it was for centuries believed that God
had instituted a soctety on the government of
which He had conierred the power of deciding
infallibly all questions of belief which were
of moment to mankind, and of legislating
unerringly as to all matters of human cone
duct. Weleome, indeed, such an institution
would be, but it would be worse than folly to
seek to maintain that belief now, when ece
clesiastical authority itself has demonstrated,
through its own mistakes and errore, that its
legitimate fleld of influence {9 very much leas
extensive than it was long supposed to be.
Such changes as to belief have at least this ad-
vantage for the Catholic apologist ; they supply
him with a powerful argument in favor of pa-
tienes and continued confermity in spite of
dificuities, since if such transformations have
already removed so many difficulties, other
changes may fairly be expected to do away
with such as vet remain.”

Speaking of the condemnation of Galileo,
Dr. Mivart says:

“These proceedings demonstrate two facta
which are mostimportant to Catholic men of
acience, One isthat what is declared by even
the highest known Congregation. (that of the
Holy Office), whose President is the Pope, and
when the sulject matter treated of is Seript-
ure, may be quite erroneous, The other note-
worthy fact is that men of physical acience
may have truer religious preceptions imparted
to them than any Roman Congregation S
God has taught us, through history, that itis
not to ecclesinstical Congregations, but to men
of science, that He has committed the elucida-
tion of scientific questions, whether such ques-
tions are orare not treated of by Scripture,
the Fathers, the Church's tesching, or special
Congregations or tribunais of ecclesiasties
actually summoned for the purpose, This
also applies to all selence—to Scripture eritle
gistin, to blology, und to all questions concern.
ing evolution, the antiquity of man, and “
origin of either his body or his soul, or of both.
For all eeclesiastios who know nothing of nat-
ural science, itis an act necessarily as futile as
{mpertinent to express any opinion on auch
subjects, * * * It would be now manifestly
nothing Jess than absurd for ecclesiasties to
Assert any apecial claim to explain Seriprture,
seeing that Church authorities have continu.
ously misled the Christian world concerning it
for DOO years; which world has only recently
been delivered from such delusion through the
labors of non-Catholic scientific men of Hol-
land, Germany and France, The only Catholio
ecclestastic I have heard of who was a precur-
sor in their higher criticism was a Scotch priest
named Geddes, and he got excommunication
for his pains. * * What. in my opinion, fs
the great peril which Catholicity now rune is
occasioned by the deepand appalling disregard
for, if not sometimes positive aversion to,
selentifie truth which is exhibited by Catholic
advocates and, high above all, by the Roman
Curia, whereof some of the most recent manti-
festations would seem to imply that if only
power can thereby he retained, any amount of
deception and of terrorism over weak, credu-
lous minda and tenderly serupulous con-
sciences ls abundantly justified.”

In concluding his article, Dr. Mivart uses
words that are interpreted by some Catholica
fs an intimation that he belleves he may have
to leave the Catholic Church. Le says:

“Every apologist who proposes to advocate
the cause of Catholicity is bound, above all
things, to be frank and truthful, He muat de-
clare what he deems the truth, no matter what
prejudices he ruffles, or what cherfahed and
witeatreaa delusion he may dispel, He Is
bound to try and give men higher and higher
notions of the divine, and promote an uuheast-
tating truet in that noblest gift bestowed on
man~the human iptelleet, Every educated man
who wonld feel it a great trial to be forced from
his conformity with Catholiotty may surely take
comfort when he considers the progress which,
thanks to science, has taken vlaeo, and be
graieful to the men who, age after age, have
striven to facilitate progress, It would doubt.
Jess amaze and appal men of narrow views if
they coud now see what that progress will one
day be. Inthe worda ol the Ray. Dr, Hogan, we
should not ‘look upon this revolution of Chria-
tian doctrine * * * as having reached its
term. Many facts and views commonly ad:
mitted at the present day muy have to be given
up at some later period,’ while quite others
may, centuries hence, assume the form of un-
questioned truth. The changes as to religious
belief which have already become popular
among Catholics are enormous, and much
greater will surely oecur in the near future.
Altogether, 40 far it appears to me that our
best motto with respect to conformity is ‘Rest
and be thankiul,’”

  

CASE OF DR, 8ST GEORGE MIVART,

 

Said That if He Does Not Retract He Will
Be Excommunicated,

The report that Cardinal Vaughan had pro-
nounced an inhibition against Dr. St. George
Mivart, on account of the views expressed in
his recent articles inthe Nineteenth Century and
Fortnightly Revver, caused some talk among
Roman prieste in this city yesterday. One of

them said that Dr. Mivart had now been
placed in the position he was in some years
ago, when be retracted what he said fn his
lecture entitled * Happinesain Hell,”

"At that time,” said the clergyman, “Dr.
Mivart nade a public retraction and was per-
mitted to remain in the Church. He was
called upon to say whether it was true that the
opinions expressed had really fasued from
him, and he acknowledged that the views cred.
ited to hitn were the views he expressed. He
professed the profoundest veneration for, and
obedience to, every doctrine taught by the
Church. He admitted that the propositions he
fdvanced were merely opinions put forth by
way of doubt or argument, and not decisions
or dowmas propounded as matters of faith.
They were simply thoughts. In the present
case he is looked upen as a man who has
lapsed from faith, and he is called upon, I sup.
yoae, foran explanation, The Church calisa
Rait upon alavinen just as quickly as it would
uponaclergyinan who expressed oplalons in
opposition to the doctrines taught by the
Church. He will have to retract or be excom-
municated,”

 

Yachting Notes.

Commodore J. F. Fletcher of the Rhode Island
Yacht Club will have an sO foot schooner this
year

The steamer Carania, chartered by William Wal-
dort Astor, bas etarted on # fonr months’ crutee in

the Mediterranean

The steam yacht Erin has sailed for the Mediter-
ranean, Sir thomas Liptonand a party of friends
willjoun the yaclitat Marseilles

The schooner vacate Lasea and Alewo recently

purchase! here, are at Summers & Payne's yard,
“+ uthwapton, Piglend, te be overhauled
Bitstor, dan, 22—1t is reported here that Capt
Joho Bare wil te the ekipper of Vice'Commodore
Ledyacd’s schooner yacht Colonia ext seasen
Barriwvone, dan, 23.— Nelson Pertr the railway
magnate of This city. has pur hased the steam vacht

Josephine from P. A.B. Widener of Philadelphia,

 

A.bert Wendell of the Greenville Yacht Club has
purchased the lig ecat-boat Lady Eldridge, The
Loat formerly belonwed to Atlantic City and will be
one of the largest of herelasa in these wa‘ers,

 

Hrooklyy Advertisements.

Smoky
Fireplaces

MADE TO DRAW OR NO CHARGE,

| Eruminatons and EBsumates Free
liv ferences—Wim. W, Aator, Joa, H. Choate, Morrie
kh. Jesup, and many other prominent people,
j JOHN WHITLEY, *¢bimney Expert.’’
215 Fulton st., Brooklyn, N.Y. Tel. 1613 Mala,
| Tats adv! appears Sundays and Wednesdays

 

SS Se SS SS OS

AGAIN, |

|

4,

—

wHY SHAMROCK LUST,

William Fife, Father of the Designer,
Writes About the Failure of Challenger.

William Fife, the father of William Fife, Jr.
the designer of Shamreck, bas written the fol-
lowing letter to the London Yachtaman, telling
whs Shamrock was beaten by Columbia;

Itinnotctien in along Life thatl have taken to
the pen in defence of remarks mado in the various
yachting papers criticising yachts and their per-
formancea, but when I yee paragraphs about the
Shamrock in the Va diemonT cannot resist stating
thatnoneoft the reasons given why Shamrock was
beaten for the America’s Cupare correct, The true
caure why the Shamrock sailed #0 poorly in the last
two races was that she was screwed up, Ip all my
kitty years’ experience I have never known #& yacht
sail her beat with tight reging and tight sheeting,
and from alll can Jearn from some that were on

board of the aid vacht, she was pinned np to ap ex
trendinary deurer I believe that the Colum:

 

bis is as good a yacht for her inches ae
has yet been built, but, at the same time,
1 believe Shamrock is as good a@ Columbia

under equal management, and Lam not often wrong
ininy opinion ofa yacht, I built theCueckoo more
than twenty years ayo. I thought her the best
thing I had turned ont. She was unfortunate in
falling into hands that could not take the best out
of her, and made no name till she Was nine years
old, Tatil had the belief that her lines were all
right, so much so that I built Neva, Cynthia, Blood.
hound, and Neptune, ffty-ton yawis, all on nearly
the same lines. They were all successful in thoir
diteront classes; and when Capt. O'Netl got charge
of Cuckoo, in ber ninth year, abe was at the top
of the tree, andI have not the least doubt but that
the Shamrock will be there before long, without
altering her lines or sail plan.

Commenting on the letter the Yachtsman
SAYS:

It fa very seldom that Mr. W. Fife, Sr., gives his
views in print, and therefore his lettor is of more
than ordinary interest. That there mnet be some
reason forShamrock's bad sailing is very clear to
every one who watched the vessel through all the
abortive matches and Mr. Fife's diagnosis is one
which will be perfectly satisfactory to a very large
number of the most experienced sailors, An ounce
of practice is worth a ton of theory, and there is not
the slightest donbt that rigging screws have been
reaponaible, since their introduction, for the bad
performance of many boats,

The report that Hir T. Lipton will give an order
to Mr. Wataon fora new cup challenger is interest.
ing, but, at the same time, rather disappointing,
We should have preferred Mr. Fife to have one more
try. To ignore him now ix not quite justifiable, if his
merits as @ designer are concerned, When Sir T.
Lipton @rst decided to challenge for the Cup nobody
could have been aurprised at his selection of Mr,
Watson as designer, tor Mr. Watson bas had an
amazing amount of experience in the large class
generally. and in Cup champions particularly.

herefore, the best chance of success decidedly lay
in selecting him ae the designer, But Sir T. Lipton
chose Mr, Fife, with a strong belief in hie skill,
which we emphatically say has been amply justi-
fied. His second attempt would, beyond doubt, be
wgreat improvement on Shamrock, and very little,
indeed, would be required to win the trophy, pro-
vided the boat were well tried before she went out,

Mr, Herresho? himself thinks he has rea hed the
non plus uitra with Columbia. If that 180, we are
certain that Mr, Fife could win the Cup. It must
not be understood that we intend any disparage-
mentto Mr. Watsou in making these remarks His
fame, indeed, stands toohigh to be disputed, and
we feel certain of hisability to turn outa super.
latively good boat. But he has bought his expert-
ence by many defeats, and it ia not easy to see Low
Mr Fife, or any other designer, can hope to emulate
Mr. Watson if their chances are closed by one de-
feat, and one which is clearly to be largely attrib-
uted to causes beyond the desiguer’s skill,

Ice Yachts Race on Orange Lake.

Newsuraon, Jan, 23.—The best racing so far
this season between the Orange Lake ice yachts
took place this morning. The record forthe
triangular course, held by Viee-Commodore
Kidd's fast Snowdrift, ia 17 minutes and 14
seconds, The time made to-day was 2U min-
utes and SO seconds, The race in which
Walsh's new Arctic made the time was the seo-
ond trial for the Higginson gold watoh, the
trophy which was first won by the Snowdrift
yesterday, There was aapanking breeze from
the southwest, and the fee being In fair oondl-
tion the white wings flow about the lake like a
lot of sea guile. It was no uncommon sight to
seethem hauled upon the runner, the other
one being at_times from two to three feet clear
of theice, The starters were:

Wood's Flying Jib, Kidd's Snowdrift, Higginson's
Cold Wave, Walsh's Arctic, Ramsdell's loe Queen,
Kernahan's Troubler and Stebbin’s Toe King
The boats got the starting aun at 10:28 o'clock
and the lively race began. There was frequent
changing of positions and the manipulation of
several of the boats was a hard task, They
finished in the following order:

Arctic, 10:44,20: Cold Wave, 10:49.40; Ice King,
10160.80; Troubler, 10:51; Snowdrift, 10:60.30.

The others were not timed. A pretty scrub
race preceded the contest for the watch. The
boats sailed three Japs or six miles, Kernaban

ntered his Troubler, Ramsdel! put n the Ice
Queen, Higginson started the Cold Wave and
Walsh the Arotic, The course was sailed in 2!
minutes 10% seconds. The Arctic won, The
ce Queen was second, Cold Wave third, the

roubler being out.
Chicago Doing Something Big tn the
Yachting Line,

Crrcaco, Jan, 23.—The Columbia Yacht Club
{s working diligently to make the proposed
big regatta during the Fourth of July week
one of the most notable events in the history
of fresh water yachting. At @ meeting of the
Regatta Committes to-night the conditions
were agreed upon, The rules of the Lake
Michigan Yaching Association. will govern the
contesta of the large olubs, while the Inland
Lake Yachting Association rules will be used
for the boats of the twenty-five foot class and
smaller. It was also decided to send invita-
tions to every yacht club tn this country and
Canadato take part in the regatta. Already
fifteen clubs have signified their intention of
teking part. The regatta will last almost a
week. and to vary the monotony of the racing,
entertainments, banyurts and theatre parties
Will be given to the visiting yachtamen. Mayor
Harrison ia Chatrman of the RegattaCommittee.
The prize list will be a jarge one, bx-Com-
modore Boyce has promised a silver cup as
one of the principal trophies.

Rifle Shooting.

Company F made good scores for both tha
Kemp and Clark trophies at the ranges of the
Seventh Regiment last night. The results

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

follow:
EDWARD KEMP TROPHY,
20 600
Yards, Yards, Totals,
Bergeant C. 1. Comfort . 23 24 47
Lieut, T,C Wiswall 22 25 47
Corporel L. L. Olark 2 28 an
fergt. A. Stevens. ou 24 aa
Sergt. C, Drake ° 28 22 45
Borgt. H 8B. Turner, Jr... 23 22 45
Private B, Fo Goodapeed.. 2t 24 4h
Private W. D, Edwarde 21 24 46
Corpora) EK, Oook + 38 22 44
Private E, Kemble 4508 . 20 24 “4
Private J. 8, Woodhouse 22 21 43
Private C. Hyde ees eRRE TOR 21 22 43
Lance Corporal 5, J, Mack 21 a 42
Corporal L, W. Stotesbury......., 20 22 42
Private W. FE. MeCord ‘ rn 25 42
Lance Corporal F, M. Crossett..., 20 21 41
Private L tl. Hawley » iy 22 41
Lance Corporal H. 1, Dederer ly 22 41
Sergt. F. W Perkins coor 1 iW 40
Private G, Ho Bardo... 21 ly 40
Private W. H Schofield... cores OD 17 ay
Lieut. O. W. Nichols 18 iy 87
Sergt. KC. Fisher ..... ta) 6
Corporal WB. Covell... 17 85
Private E. BE. Woelr .......6 cee 0 14 a4
Totale.....ccccseccerersoceeee 621 627 1,048
COL, EMMONS CLARE TROPHY,
00 too

Yard:. Yards, Totals
Private @. A, Fournier . 22 2 44
Private F, M. Edwards 20 24 44
Private 8. B. Rogers 22 zi 48
Private J. Ro Dedever io 21 48
Private F. Kalre + 21 22 48
Private A. Fo. Hurd vovren Ob 21 42
Corporal W, K, Hitchcock, cove Oe 20 41
Private ©. W. Ford eee 20 21 41
Private K, L, Wagner a 22 al
Private R, W. Miller 20 20 40
Private M. Shuchleford 1 Ww av
Private ©. Ho Cadwell lv wn av
Private J. 8, Clark 1s vo ae
Private F. FE. Baker 7 2 as
Private ©. KF. W. Bateson it) 4 a7
Corporal C, H. Turner 1s 1’ a7?
Private F. BP. Jessup is ie 87
Private Ro Hughes \4 a2 0
Private HOH. Brooks 1 1 ne
Private A. BR Lawrence ...... 21 12 aa
Private A. Finlay... 19 l4 as
Private EF. H. Platt : 1 V4 ne
Private F. M. Foyer is I4 2
Corporal J. P. Meurer \4 17 iB
Private J, P. Marshall 17 13 20
Totals . , VW avi Was
Totals of Kemp match pet he lous
Grand totals for Clark trophy us wes lowe

Trap Shooting.

The Hell Gate Gun Club turned out thirty-seven

 
 
 

 

  

  

shooters yesterday for ites monthly tournament at
Dexter Park, and three comtestante made cleau
scores, The birds were as fasta lotor tyers as ever
came ontof the traps. Ssores

Ten live pigeons modised Hurlieghan rules,
scores to countfor th: annual trophies—Col, John
H. Voss, 80 cards points, 10; Adam Dietzel, 28
yards, «i, &, Pe (iarms 4 yards, 7. 7; frank J
Webber, 2s yards, S40. * James Belden, So varda,
7. w August Sinith, 24 rarde, eh, 4) Henry Kohla,
uM yards, Philip Woeltvl, 28) yarda, 7,
7; Richard Keyan, 26 varda, tle George K. briet,
Qs yards fly 6. Peree Brennan, 26 yarde, -
Charies H pebmiidtt. 24 yards, 4%. 4: A Joerger, 28
yards, 5,7; Conrad Webber, 80 sards, 7, 4. Fmil
Riaffens, 24 yerds. thie C, Lang, 24 sarda, 7, lo;
Loute 'Y Muencach 2s cards, 6, BH. Forster, 30
yerds, 7,10, B.A Merckle, 24 var'a, 5%, 6:4, Gat
Jon, (neat). Ye varda, 4) Dd. Dee Qe yurda, dbo,
nw: John sebhent 26 yards, 4, William A

e oO yards, 7, &; Capt, Williany Sands, co
said, 7,1; Johu BH. Wellbrock, 26 wards, 7, s;
P. Greipel, 2a yarda, 6,2; F, Karl, 2s yards, «1, 6; bk,
Peterson, 28 yards #, 10, Fredetiek Troatel, so

   

yards, 7, 7; Auguet,Koocel, 26 yards, 5, 5, Jobn J
Himmelsbach, 2% yards, 7, 7; John P. Daanefelser,
28 yarda, 4,5: Bernard F. Ameaod, 2s yards, 6%, »;
P. Guy, 24 yards, 44%, 2; Dr. J. HW. O'Dopoghue, 29
yards, U, 7, A. Cassell, 28 yards, 4, 7e

4

 

|
|
|
|

———_

   
  

RHEUMATISM

IS CAUSED

by an excess of uric
acid in the blood,

which excess should be, and is, eliminated
when the kidneys are in good workin

order.

Rheumatism can never be cure

by outward applications; no case of rheu-
matism was ever known where the kidneys

were well.

Warner’s Safe Cure will cure

sick kidneys, thus enabling them to do
their work of purifying the blood, and
with pure blood rheumatism is impossible.

writes: ‘After a
jure thet

been effected,

an

all
follow

CHESS,

Janowski and Showalter Will Net Play
Here This Year.

The proposed match between Janowski and
Bhowalter for $1,000 a aide, ten games up, will
not be played here this year, as Showalter
failed to get the amount required to cover
the expenses of the Parisian. In informing
Janowski of the etate of affairs, however, the

Kentuckian said that he would be willing to
play the match in Paris, provided Janowaki
would guarantee to him $250 for expenses.
The reason that the Metropolitan organiza-
tions did not take kindly to a contest between
the two _ expe is that having been engaged
in match and serious play nearly all of last
season, the club directors were afraid that
another match between tnem would not draw
sufticiently to warrant an expenditure of at
least $450,

On Monday afternoon Marshall began @&
series of games on even terma with the
strongest members of the Chicago Chess and
Checker Club, He was pitted againat the well-
known local chess player, 0, Blanchard.
The Brooklyn champion selected a variation
of the Max Lange attack, and after ooly twenty
moves Marshall had his man. beaten, The
visitor also met the rising Western player
T. W. Phillips, The latter had to contend wit
a Counter Centre Gambit and an Interesting
g@ame ensued, Marshall won after forty-one
moves.

The third round in the tournament of the
Columbia freshmen resulted aa joilows: H. A.
Gordon defeated E. Wolff, J. Bb. Wyatt defeated

. B. Sutton, B. BR. Casamajor defeated OC.

hainwaid, J. Hackett defeated A. Hoffman,
and J. B. Wyatt defeated C, Shainwald. The
match between the Columbia treehmen anid
Columbia Grammar School was played at the
University yeeterday afternoon with these
results:

Board 1—Schroeder defeated McKenna, Columbia
Grammar, in an English opening after 24 moves.

Board 2--Kecler defeated Richards, Columbia
Grammar, in a French defence after 23 moves.

Board ’—Von Sholly defeated Beinecko, Columbia
Grammar, in a Ruy Lopez in 88 moves,

A former match resulted Ina victory for Co-
lumbia by a score of 2 to 1, making the final
score, Columbia_freshmen, 5; Columbia Gram-
mar School, 1. The freshmen will play a ree
turn match with the Sachs achool team on
Thuraday. President Chaiwick of the Brook-
lyn Chass Club has adjudicated the two ad.
journed games inthe freshmin-"Poly-Prep.”
match I{n favor of the latter. "he final score
yee: “Poly Prep.,” 3%; Columvia freshmen,

 

Billiards,
Jacob Schaefer won his fourteen-inch balk-line
Dilliard match against Ora Morningstar last night

by ascore of 8,000 pointe to 1,412. It was a han-
dicap affair and Schaefer was to play 4,000 points
against his opponent's 1,500. ra Laitle began on
Jan. 16 ana it was not until Friasy tuat the’ Wizard”
was able to catch upto bis oppss.ent, Last night's
scores were:

Beheefer (2,330)—8, 42, 8,45, 189, 26, 40, 14, 14,
42.53, 1,2. Total—8,000,

Average for the day—38 12-18, High runs—14p,
5K, 45, 42.

Morningstar (11,2001, 18,17, 7 18, 2, 1, 5,0, 8,
11, 28. Total—1.4.2.

Average for the day— 4-12. High runs—28
17,18

Referee—John McAuliffe,

   

28,

Wheeling Notes,

The Century Road Clud medal for the New Jersey
Btate competition has been awarded to A. Spring:
field, who rode fifty-three centuries, President
Porter of the C. R.C. has appointed Irving of Passaic
chairman of the Membership Committee of New ver-
sey. State Centurion C. W. Perkins has reappointed
ali the local centurions of that State.

Now that the L. A. W. National meet has been
avarded to Milwaukee, for which the contingent
from that city worked so hard at the Boston meet
last August. League members may look forward to
futercsting innovations in the annual reunion that
will make the event more memorable than any pre-
coding, for the Wisconsin Division ix said to have
orwinal ideas on the subject of meets which it pro-
pores to put into practice,

 

oak Tench meal

+ i oll
the instructions

 

GOssIP OF THE HARNESS HORSES,

Stewards to Arrange Pians for Grand Cir
cult Meetings.

D. J. Campeanu. President of the Detroit Drive
ing Club, has called a meeting of the stewards
of the Grand Ciroult to be held at the Hotel
Cadillac, Detroit, one week from yesterday.
The meeting promises to be an important one,
as there is a movement on foot to rearrange
and extend the Ctreult, and it is probable that
several prominent turfmen will be on hand
witha view to effecting an amicable adjuste
ment of the controversy between owners and
track managers respecting early-closing races,
Both sides are keeping upa brave appearance
of holding out to the end, but the signs are not
wanting that a compromise would be wel-
comed by all concerned,

A novel scheme, introduced by the Newrort
Horse Show Assoctation, seems more likely
than any other to meet the approval of those
who favor and those who oppose the syatem of
early-closing races. The Newport men offer
a stake worth $300 cash in which owners may
enter their horses on Feb, 1, on payment of $5,
This aur, pald seven months tn advance, ene
titlesthe owner to exhibit his horse at the
show on Sept. 4 without any further expendi-
ture. To accommodate owners who do not
wish to enter their horses so long in advance,
the Association announces that entries may
be made on June 1, upon payment of $10 at
that time. Should any owner prefer to walt
still longer in order to estimate with greater
certainty the form and condition of his horse,
he may atill take a chanee for the $300 prize
by paving an entrance fee of $20 on Aug. 1.
Under this plan, each nominator is required to
pay according t» the chance he takes, and all
classes are accommodated.

Applied tothe trotting turf the details as to
the numberaand amount ofthe payments might
be varied to suit the amount of the prize and
the length of the period during which it re-

ailned open. Taking the dates arranged for
the Newport stakes, which correspond closely
with those of other Grand Circuit purses, and
increasing the amount of the prize from $300
to $3,000, the home horse owner who saw fit
toenter his trotter on Feb, 1 would be re-
quired to pay $50, or less than 2 per cent. of
t 0 pares. And this amount, paid seven months
in advance of the race would entitle the horae
to start without any further cost to his owner,
Those who waited until June 1 might comet
upon payment of $100, or alittle more than ¢
per cent, of the purse, while those who held off
until Aug. 1 would be required to pay $200, or
nearly 7 per cent. of the prize to be trotted for.
Probably many track managers would fix the
payments, particularly the later ones, some-
what higher than those of the horse show
echedule, yet the achame would remain the
game and would offer early-closing stakes to
those who fancy them, at the same time leav-
ing the door open to let in those who wish to
sample their horses before entering them.

 

 

Hockey.

The Skating Club of Brooklyn hockey team
and the First Nava! Battalion met in a League
championship match last night at the Clermont

Avenue Rink, and the sallors were defeated by
a score of 4 goaleto 2. Play wasaharp and fast
from the first sound of the whistle until the
game ended. The line-up was;

      
 

 

Brooklyn S, C. Positions. Naval Reserves,
McKenzie, 0 eee GOW oo... eeceee.. Campbell
OPE sarivianee Point. . + eres vere MOSS
Jennison... +» Cover Point.......... Walton, ©,
Friepiee a » Loughman

enderson.,. oe8 Kel
Lifiton....... [r7171sPOFWards...+06 { 'G Hornteck
WilLams . H. Hornfeck

 

Referee—F. G, Livingston, St. Nicholas 8. C, Goal
Umptirea—Lockmann and Holton, Goals—Waitoa
(2), Henderson, Williams, Lifiton and Shiebler,
Time—Twenty minute halves,

 

If ill you are and well you'd be,

And your stomach is at fault,

Take Ripans Tabules properly,

They soon will call a halt;

Continue them with judgment then,

Soon you'll be sound and well again.

One gives relief

aaa)

\V ATED ~A case of bad health (hat RTI°A NS” will not benefit

Note tbe word KT. ANS oo the mmeckage and avcept no ubetitute,
10 for 5 cents, may be hac at any drug store, Ten samples and one thousand testimon.
1 to any addreas for 5 cunts, forwarded to the Ripans Chemical Co,, No, 10 Spruce St., ree ere

 

They banish nand

ie
8 will be mailed