a

ne -
—$—$—_—

VOL. LXXVITL.—-NO. 127,

HENS WITH THEIR HEADS OFF’

DHITRIDCE HOPEFULLY SUR.
VEVS THE LOCAL TP. 8, BOARD,

 

Thes'‘re Going, He Thinks, Now Their Pa-
rent Is No Longer in Power to Cherish

His Lame and Blind Ofspring Re. |

port to Third Avenue Bondholders,

b OW. Whitridge, receiver of the Third
Avenue Railroad Company, in a report
epared for submission to bondholders
needes to the Public Service Commission
this district “no more common sense
ua hen.”

‘waning the correspondence between him-
self and the commission in the four veara
the Third into the
inds of a rece ver, Most of the corre-

ndence relates to petty orders of the
Mr. Whitridge thinks the
commission ought to be abolished, He
savs by way of introduction to the volume
f correspondence

nee Avenue went

mmission

commission has busied

ea over the valuation the railroads
0) tte Jerisdiction and with surpreing
suite, but the value of the money and the
eoftthes time of the unfortunate owners
those railroads and of the people wen-
they have apparentiy neglected to
neider, with resulta which are shameful
he commission has cost the Third Avenue
«iroad direetly upward of $150,000 down

ttse@il a good
of

/dafe Indirectly it has damaged it to
" inealculable anoont When it comes
o1he people at large this commission hae
‘ost them down to the first of November

S4.042,088 87 Tt has issued 281 final orders

and heaven knows how many of an intere
ocutory cheracter The up-State com-
‘hssion on the other hand, whieh zen-

erally reeognived as a sensible and heipfi!
hody, has spent during its existence down
to the first of October las! 8879,752 34, and
' has been able to discharge tte ditties by
making only 119 Anal orders

 

Mr. Whitridge insists that he is disin
tereated in his criticiam, for he is only
temporary guardian of bondholders’ prop-
erty and owns nothing the commission
can destroy. , Personally, he says, he finds
the commission “collectively amusing
and individually rather amiable, though
perhaps Mr. Willcox # disposition is not
*o weet as it was.”

“But I confess,” he adds, “that when |
read the letters of this commission, re-
fect upon their opinions, contemplate
their activities, when I consider the vexa-
(ious confusion of the statutes and the
inuddling administration of the law, |
om reminded of the saying of a distin-
guished journalist some years ago: ‘This
= the hardest country in the world to
ove”

In regard to the relations between the

Third Avenue and the commission Mr. |

Whitridge points out that there was sub-
taitted a reorganization plan providing
for a reduction of the tixed charges of the
company by about $1,000,000, for more
than $7,000,000 of new money, and for new
securities about $1,000,090 ess in the ag-
sregate than the old securities’ The
commission refused to approve the plan
and Mr. Whitridge has taken steps to es-
tablish it in the courts This is the wav
he describes the issue

The commission would net distingy «h
between a company whieh was already
capitalized and had an assured invome and
op enterprise which was issuing seeurities
for the first time to secure capital for con-
struction The commission thought that
‘he amount of securitiés to be issued for the

hird Avenue Railroad was to be decided

thout reference to the old securities or
to the necessities of the situation of
property,
value of the property

Now value is 4 subjective conception, it is
not a dimension to he measured by an
external standard. The commission, how-

——

He wil! send with his re- |
wt to-day a document of 500 pages con- |

the!
but solely with reference to the

 

 

*+NEW

they must return to the shades whence
they emerged. 1 think the people are of
that) opinion, By removal, consolidation

por resignation we must part with then
In the slang of the day they have not “made
good” and they must go

Mr. Whitridge also refers feclingly to
the suit which the Public Service Com-
/Mission brought against him personally
to recover $800,000 for alleged violation of
the commission's orders and which was
decided in his favor. He says the institu-
tion of the suit wae “an unscrupulous
misuse of power” and could only have
been brought about “a4 a product of a
atate of mind corporations and
everybody connected with them which
T have justiv termed in this correspond-
ence ‘stupid and insolent’

“Fortunately.” he concludes, “courte
and juries know how to deal with aych
cases ”

about

‘SPAIN WONT RAID PORTUGAL,
Canatejas Soouts Soctalist Canards
fonseo's Melitin Visit.

fal Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

Maprib, Jan. 4
jas has issued an emphatic denial of the
statements by Socialists at various meet-
ings that Spain intende to intervene in
the affairs of Portugal and that she is
sending troops to the frontier. Sefor

Canalejas says that Socialista formerly

jimagined fantastic operations by the
Spanish forces in, Moroceo, and that
they are now spreading a canard that is
still more absurd than the stories they
told of alleged events in the vicinity of
Melilla

King Alfonso, accompanied by his
aids and the Minister of Marine, has
returned from his hunting trip Accord-
ing to present arrangements he will start
to-morrow on his trip to Melilla. There

has been, however, a severe hurricane
at Melilla and Prime Minister Canalejas
has telegraphed asking for details If
the storm continues the vovage of the

, King will be postponed

| A despatch from Melilla saya that the

/ Warships which are to take part in the
reception to the King were unable, owing
to the violenes of the wind and sea, to
land the horses they have on board, which
are to be used in the reception ceremonies
The chiefs of the Kabyle tribeamen are
in Melilla in readiness to salute the King
on hia arrival

It is persistently stated that the new
| Ambassador to the Vatican will be Sefor
| Don Fermin Calbeton, who has just with-

_drawn from the Cabinet, in which he

) held the post of Minister of Public Works.

 

Ale

Sper

Wik ONLY ITF GOWEZ RUNS,

Loynaz del Castillo and Zayas Karly Sech-
ers for Cuban Presidency.

Snecial Cable Despatch to TAF Susw
Havana, Jan. 4. Gen, Loynaz del
Castillo has announced the candidacy of
Hernandez and himself for the Presidency
and Vice-Presidency. He says the only
thing that can cause war or American
intervention will be President Gomez
‘seeking reelection. He adds that the
country’s worst cancer is the secret police
which is made up of jailbirds.

Vice-President Zavas hes also issued
a statement announcing his candidacy
for the Presidency.
early an agitation, but says he is unable
restrain his friends. He does not
specify the second memnber of his ticket
Gen. Pino Guerra announces that he will
campaign ectively for Zayes, making
efforts to combine all elements which are
aissetistied with the Gomez Administra-
tion, including the Conservatives. Zayas
will start a newspaper to advance his
interests.

Meanwhile the Administration organs
jare filled with arguments favoring the
reelection of Gomez and the Miguelistas
' throughout the island are adopting resolu -

to

ever, have fixed the value of your property | tions declaring in favor of Gomez.

not with regard toits cost, nortotheamount |

Speaker Ferrara reiterates that Gen,

of cash paid into it, nor to its earning ea-| Gomez will not seek a renomination.

pacity, nor to its actual earnings, nor to
the reportof their own bureau of appraisers,
‘hich they have had at work at great ex-
pense and without legal authority. they
ave fixed it by asking their own engineer
‘bout it, and from his appraisal they have
ceducted a theoretical depreciation
£11,000,000, leaving about $20,000,000 as the
mount of the new securities which mas
e issued in exehange for $*.000,000 of
oor bonds and $16,000,000 of stock of the
od company That is to say.a man who
as two bonda is invited to destroy one of
hem, and it is perfectly useless to explain
» him that his property has suffered a
t coretical depreciation of $11,000,000, bee
ise Lis own eyes enable bim to see that
his not the fact. Moreover, were it not
"the necessity of raising $7,000,000 and
aving interest on it’ bis property would
pear to be now earning substantially
ve whole of the interest upon the bonds he
paid for. To his mind the commission in-
tes him to 4 senseless sacrifice. Their
tivities, though of a different character,
“em to him to be more devastating and

‘re indefensible than the performances | 5
of the old Metropolitan company which | Ecuador.

* commission was appointed to abolish,
sod he cannot be persuaded that the com-

ssion is not “playing the fool” with his
}roperty

On the question of State control of
transportation corporations Mr. Whit-
ridge raises no objection to the general
!roposition, but he insists that the State
‘oust “speak through men, and if those
men do not speak with a voice which

mmands respect and are found adopt-
hg crude theories, like those about valua-
lon, which they cannot digest and which
‘hey undertake to apply with no more
common sense than a hen, then the victims
at ‘rst and subsequently the whole public
vecome exasperated and cry, ‘Away with

erm! Away with them!’ and away they
" He adds

sie a note of despair and not jnati-
«, tor we know that somehow or other
right themselves We
headed people and Lincoln's epigram
icannot tool all the people all the time”
refoundiy true. So even in the case
~ powerful a body as the Public Servi
sson in the First district, with the
pleat first heavily prejudiced in their
when it becomes obvious that thes
nade a mess Of their jobs something
eaboutat Sometimes the aes triples
f-osteem of such a bodyis shattered

learn or resign. Sometimes pub
soproval whieh has long been pas
blows them away or some

ust go

nee

a len'y
Executive who is without the
affection for lame or blind off-
which the Governor who appointed
be supposed to cherish, comes

ce and is able to view them

ol,

are “a very,

| newspapers or in any other manner of
}
}

i

‘PERU READY TO ARBITRATE,

| Issue of Peace or War in South America

 

Spee

ue Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lima, Jan, 4. Peru has agreed to the
suggestion of the mediating Powers -the
United States, Brazil and Argentina -
that the boundary dispute with Ecuador
{be submitted to the Hague tribunal for
arbitration. It is now up to Eenador to
accept or reject the proposition.
WaSsHINGTON, Jan. 4. The Peruvian
‘Government has accepted the suggestion
that the boundary dispute between Peru
and Ecuador, which has created friction
‘for many years, be submitted to the
‘arbitration of the Hague court. Its
| acquiescence was reported to the State
| Department to-day by Leslie Combs,
| American Minister at Lima.
No reply has yet been received from

 

| PIRST REGISTERED LOBRYIST.,
The Rey. O. KR. Miller Files Papers— Some
Drastic Measures He Will Work For.
ALBANY, Jan. 4.—The firet person to
register as a lobbyist during this session
of the Legislature was the Rev. O. R.
Miller, State superintendent of the New
York Civic League He filed his papers
yesterday
Mr. Miller said that aa the representa-
tive of the New*York Civic League he
would work for the passage of & genuine
and effective direct nomination» bill,
a bill to prohibit the publishing in tre

all bets, orders or tips on races; a uni-
form divorce law, such as the Weimert
bill of last winter, and important amend-
ments to the State excise law. One
of the amendments will be to prohibit

| any licensed liquor dealer from shipping 1 !
| liquor into any no license town. Another , wife would be all right in a few days

 

 

|

with |

no open mind, and offteially speak. |

tpitates them, or
*. are disposed of
commission in the birst) distriet

ny judgment, demonstrated that

ih some Way or

'KEAT BEAR SPRING WATER

 

amendment to be urged is a bill to pro-
hibit all liquor selling on Sunday, even
by the hotels,

 

 

Breoklyn Bridge Trainiess 80 Minutes,

Train traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge
was delayed for nearly half an hour yes-
terday afternoon because a shoe on a car
of an eastbound train stuck to the third
rail near the Brooklyn tower. The train
stopped so suddenly that its passengers
were shaken, The lights in all the cars
went out. Passengers gathered on the
station platforma in such numbers that
they were ordered to the street until
traffic) war resumed. Many persons
walked the bridge rather than wait.

GOLFERS’ TRAIN TO PINEHURST
for golf tournaments Jan. #14 Spl train state.
ream and drawing rooin cars lve. N.Y. Jan, 6th,

Prime Miniater Canale- |

‘PEDIGREES BEFORE YOU SAIL

{ e
DEPARTMENT O¥
| WORRIES STEAMSHIP LINES.

 

| Alfens Can't Fill Out Their Record Blanks
at Leisure at Sea Any More Must
Turn Them In Before Going «Agents
Say This Means Delay for the Ships.

at this and other American
in a state of mind about a new regulation
requiring them to turn over to the De-
partment of Commerce and Labor im-
mediately after the sailing of the steam-

ports

of all alien outbound passengers. Until

thie year the declarations of aliens travel- |

ling in first and second cabin and steer-
age were taken aboard ship and mailed
jto the Department of Commerce and

jLabor after the liner had reached
the other side or were brought back
by her. The steamship folks say that

the enforcement of the new regulation
will result in the holding up of ships

|
sometimes two or three houra and a loss

of money as well as time to them, and
!

| they are seeking to peranade the Gov-
ernment to modify the order

At the bottom of each coupon furnished
ito the lines for the pedigree of the pas-
jkenger is this warning:

“Ticket will not be accepted, and
holder will not be allowed to go on board
has been properly

unless this

filled ont”

coupon

This means that if an igno-

" !
rant alien steerage passenger has not,

| answared the questions properly he may
be held up at the gangplank, and that
hundreds who come to the ships just

before the hour of sailing may delay the
departure for one, two or more hours

The of the
as officially
the alien passenger to give family name,
name, age, the of

which he or she is a subject ov citizen,
race, the country of residence before

blank,
designated,

form or coupon,

it is requires

given BPX, country

city and State of residence in this
country, the country that the passenger
is going to live in and the occupation
of the passenger A note at the
of the coupon says: “If United st
elazen the fact should be stated and a
proximate age given. No other informa-
tion is required of United States citizens ”
On the back of the coupon are para-
graphs for the guidance of elerks who
may take the declarations of aliens,
including a list of forty-six “races” of
men. If the alien is “unable to state
where he is going to live the answer
‘undecided’ may be recorded. If the
alien has been in the Unired States leas
|than two years the month of arrival
| should alao be given, and the day of the
month as nearly as possible, in order to
determine whether the alien has been
n the United Siates a year or more”
| The steamship companies were notified

or

Top

ates

He deprecetes so| before the beginning of the year of the they came up they revolted Capt. Moller

{new regulation, and they wanted to know

why the old method eould not be kept in |

force, declaring that the
cause them much loss of time and would
expensive and troublesome They
were informed that the Census Bureau
wanted swifter returns. They asked that
a committee of two or more representa-
tives of the Government should be sent
to this port to see how the scheme would
work before it was adopted. <A steam-
ship man said yesterday that a committee
of one came here, unannounced, and went
to Hoboken, where he found a liner going
out with about 120 passengers. He
reported or is said to have reported to
Washington that the scheme was feasi-
ble

Inthe busy season sometimes more than
700 first and second cabin and 2,000 steer-

new would

he

and the lines do not see how they can get
these folks aboard if every coupon that
may be improper!y filled out at the various
ticket agencies all over the country is
to be taken up at the pier and amended
to suit the regulation. Then there
the problem of filling out the coupoen®
for cabin passengers who come to the
pier at the last moment to take passage
There are occasionally fifty or more of
this class, and that means certain delay

is

in the sailing of the ship or leaving the jor the old third class unprotected madi ded th THE ntneat enh Reo ‘ie

. a ) aw pb . 2 ethiehem Stee ompany vy Judge
Heretofore American citizens have not | Shee eae rex York nee | ath . ine on t to the cellar] Holland in the United States District

; . : T |? ‘ . the ground floor, which was occupied | Cour

appeared in the census slips. The old | ae an é c Court
a rie required the tloket agent 1 One Mie Ess bagel ya ~urchased by Spitzer & Geisinger, grocers. The] ‘These companies were convicted last
simply to indorse on the ticket that. the thy R. 1. Corbett. of New York ee $20,000 | Camage to the building was $1,000 and] June, the railroads of giving and the!
purchaser was a citizen ‘ 000 | to the groceries $800, In the Shea apart-! steel company of receiving allowances

 

TWO WOMEN IN SMASHED AUTO.

 

Myron H. Oppenheim's Car Hits a Street
Car and Then a Post,

An automobile belonging to Myron H,
Oppenheim, a lawyer, who lives at the
Hots! Netherland, collided with a Lex-
ington avenue surface car at Seventy-
ninth street yesterday afternoon and
swerved against a post. Mrs. Oppen-
heim and Mrs. Sergei Klibansky of the
Hote! Woodward were in the machine
and néither was able to get out until a
policeman helped. Mrs. Oppenheim
was bruised, but refused to go to a
hospital and was taken in another machine
to her apartment. Mrs. Klibansky was
not injured.

The chauffeur and the motorman of
the car blamed each other, The motor-
man said that the brakes refused to work

| but that he rang the bell loudly enough
jfor the chauffeur to hear, Mr, Oppen-
{heim said last night that he thought his

dilatory passengers behind
|

Fatal Overdose of Medicine Put Up by
His Father.

Armand G. Hitcheock, 19 years old,
of 55 Belleville avenue, Newark, a stu-
{dent at the Hefley civil engineering
‘school in Brooklyn, died at his home
yesterday from an overdose of & neuralgia
remedy. ‘The prescription was prepared
' by the bov's father, Dr. William EB. Hiteh-
‘cock, on Tuesday. The young man took
the medicine through the day and wanted
more at night. It was given to him.
; When he was called yesterday morning
| he was found to be in a stupor. Three
| physicians were summoned and
{worked over him with Dr. Hitchcock
| for several hours.

“NEW YORK AND FLORIDA SPECIAL,"

Effective Jan. Oth, 24th season of the finest train
operated to Florida, Cuba, South, Penna and
Atlantic Coast Line, 1.26 P.M. dally. 12185 Bway,

.°) a@@ of @ giass stoppered bottics. - Ady. 1.381. M. Ing. Seabuard Omece, liad B Way Age, | «hd.
4

‘YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5,
‘ snorT N.Y. CENTRAL OFFICIAL, FAILED BROKER A SUICIDE

COMMERCE

Agents of transatlantic steamship lines

are |

ships for foreign ports the pedigrees}

coming to the United States, the town

age passengers go east in a single ship, |

they |

, Telegrapher Put Four Bullets Into Supers
intendent Dinan-- Killed Himself,
Cornina, N. Y., Jan. 4.--Nicholas
Honness, a discharged New York Central |
telegraph operator, fired) four bullets
this afiernoon into the body of Danie! W.
Dinan, superintendent of the Pennsyl-
vania division’ of the New York Central. |
Supt. Dinan will recover. His assailant
thinking that he had killed Dinan, fired |
a bullet into his own brain and died at Alfred M. Judson, a member of the
f o'clock to-night. | Stock Exchange since 1869 and of the firm

Until last January Honness was a tele. |
graph operacor at Lindley, twelve miles | of Judson & Judson of 2% Broad street,

| from Corning, He came to Corning and | which failed on December 17 last, killed
got drunk and flourished a revolver in) himself in the J. Hood Wright Hospital
the railway station. He was discharged last night by firing one bullet into his

by the railway company ‘head. He talked with persons in the
He came to Corning this afternoon tol, apital just a few minut bef i
: ‘ ‘ ' ‘ Ww ’ u S) .
j plead to Supt. Dinan for his old job. ; + 1 Ly "a . Urhben Werebe beg
When he entered the superintendent's | UUsiness friends and family said that

office he exchanged a few words with | since the failure of hitfirm he had seemed

 

1... JUDSON SHOOTS HIMSELF
AT WRIGHT HOSPITAL.

 

| Doctors Thought He Called Merely to Say
Happy New Year--Despondent since

His Old Firm Suspended Last Month
Entered Stock Exchange in 1860.

Mr. Dinan, who was dictating to his | depressed, although he continued to take
| private secretary, Miss Clara Kelly an interest in his business affairs

1 Phen Llonness begat to wear and At about 8 o'clock last night Mr. Judeon
(suddenly he opened fire on Supt. Dinan

entered Mr. Dinan's left
The second passed above his
inflicting a scalp wound The}
third ent hia skin under the right arm
The strues his collar button,
glanced off and loaged in his jaw whom he knew, and wished
Supt, Dinan fell and Honness gianced | happy New Year. He hoped that it
at him and then put the weapon to his) would bring better luck than the past

own head and fired. Supt. Dinan was! vear had brought to him.
i taken the Corning hospital, where! After he had talked with) them for
jhe is expected to recover. Honness died | & few minutes he went into a lavatory
an hour later ) adjoining te office. The doctors heard
' a shot, Théy were

) The first bullet
shoulder

right ear

of whose board of managers he had been

a members for twenty-five years. He
met in the superintendent's office Super-

\

'

|

|

| .

; walked into the J. Hood Wright Hospital,
|

|

|

| ioterident Martenis and several doctors

fourth

1o

[ENPRESS DRIVERS TO PRISON. |

jtory and found Mr. Judson lying on the
Five Go for Aseauiting Van Who Sata floor with a revolver in his hand. The
| Warner Murderers Should He Punished. | doctor did what he could, but Mr. Judson

Five former express wagon drivers were , died
sent to the penitentiary yesterday by; Mr. Judson was 62 years old

He was

| Judge Mulqueen in General Sessions for ,# Specialist in New York Central stock |

fassauiting Mever Stone, who had de- 40d for several years had the reputation
| clared that the men who murdered John, ,of acting asa Vanderbilt broker, Charles
| Warner on the theory that he wasastrike{ Y. Judson and Perey W. Sherman were
lbreaker in Seventh avenue should be! the other members of the firm. When the
piinished | firm suspended C. Y. Judson said that the

Joseph Markowitz, who Jed the attack |@ssignment was the result of poor busi-
ness for the last few years. He esti-
mated the liabiltties at about $100,000
and boped that the firm would be able
to pay 100 cents on the dollar. Charles M.
Homan, Frank W. Spencer and Hamilton
Pell filed the petition in bankwuptcy
against the firm and A. Leo Everett was
appointed receiver by Judge Holt. Mi
Everett estimated the liabilities at about
$200,000 and the assets at $140,000,

Soon after the failure A. M. Judson and
his family moved from their apartmenta
in the Hendrick Hudson, at 110th street
and Riverside Drive, to New Rochelle.
Mr. Judson, however, continued to come
to town and visit his office. Mr. Everett
saw him every day.

Yesterday afternoon Mr. Judson was
present at a hearing in Commissioner
Alexander's office in the Federal Building
Later he dropped in to see Mr. Everett
at 70 Wall street. Mr. Everett said last
night that Mr. Judson appeared to be
discouraged and out of sorts, but said
nothing about ending his life.

William David Judson, the eldest son,
hurried down from New Rochelle last night
The next time | and took charge of his father's body. He
said that his father had not been well
since his leg was broken in an accident
inCentral Park West more than a year ago.
Besides the two sons, William and Charles,
Mr. Judson is survived by his wife and a
daughter, Mrs. Alexander Howell. Alfred
M. Judson, Jr, who was a Rough Rider,
was killed in the Spanish war

10 FIREMEN OVERCOME

lon Stone, got six months, John Sims two
{months and Harry Zebersburg, John
| Dusey and John Frankenstein one month
} @ach

 

SHIP AND PIER ONE SNEEZE.
| 0

| Longshoremen Breathe Through Sponges
Getting Out the Brandenburg's Pepper.

| The North German Lloyd liner Branden-
l burg when she departed for this port
Bremen last week had a crew

|

from
| chat had been sneezing every day since
!she loaded 19,000 sacks of peppercorns
that had been shaken up in heavy weather
for more than a week. Longshoremen
who removed some of the black pepper
berries from the pier yésterday had more
janeezing spells. More than one hundred
| longshoremen were on the job and they
came up out of the pepper-dusty hold
blowing their noses almost as fiercely as
the gales blew that had toased the Bran-
denburg about like a cocklesheil and
ground some of the peppercorns to dust.
| Capt Moller, the pier superintendent,

jordered the men back to work again !

' They demurred, but went

(and the officers of the ship went down to
size up the situation personally and came
up in @ hurry a-choo-chooing
There a consultation of nautical
land other talent, and the ship's doctor
' suggested wet sponges for the noses of
lthe longshoremen. One hundred small
sponges were bought from several drug
| stores in the neighborhood’of the pier and
{fastened under the noses of the long-
shoemen Thus armed the longshoremen
; worked with such recklessness that pepper! —,. ;
| Ten firemen were overcome by smoke

jdust arose in volcanic clouds from the 4 witt ; lap dvatncthet
.e "
hold and all the sailors, stokers, engineers | PALA OU WEN RARE ORME ote the tour
story brick tenement at 4002 Third avenue

jand officers on the ship were sneezing in | , 7 ;
‘mighty chorus The hawsers strained at 6 o'clock last night. It was the fifth
: fire in the building in a year.

funder the pressure and it looked as if The janit J SI “ied t
the ship would choo-choo herself to sea sd oo oe oe pee s on #3
Le cellar w ‘ alled' amnale
, again. But the skipper was equal to the | ‘* a ai he ve He. a Po
femergency. He sent a hurry order for) #5 Griyg” into the street. eae
7 ’ : 3 o we t . ; '
more sponges and every member of the Aerie ee a mn eet .
jShip's company, so the yarn goes, was and he Afteen shite old nike ‘with
| wearing re eres . . = : :
| wearing a spong Hereafter all North a blanket and carried them out. Then

;German Lloyd Line pepper ships will on
| be equipped with sponges they went back, found Mrs, Joseph Turtle-

was

By Smoke and Gas ina Bullding Ablaze
Five Times in One Year.

 

 

| so SE aT ieee taub and her nine children afd took them
[eee on . 5 akan. Bae das ,| to the roof and across to the adjoining
THE DET ROIT MAY FIGHT AGAIN roof, as the smoke was thick on the stairs.
| mumored That Old Crulser Is to Ge to While the firemen of engine companies
| Nicaragua. 50 and 42 were working in the cellar the
| R yo : ; gas connections melted. The ten men
| O8TON, Jan 4.--Some mystery at-

who were overcome were hauled out
, taches to the departure from here to-day

; at the recent auction sale by the Gov-| ment was 20 cents, which was all the
ernment, it is reported that Edgar F. family had to last until Friday. Some-
Luckenbach was in reality the purchaser | body stole the money while the fire was

}of the Detroit. It is rumored that the | purnin q y

fultimate destination of the cruiser will | &

, be Nicaragua and that she will become |

| part of the fleet of President Estrada
of that country.

| It is said that Mr. Luckenbach has

{admitted that the’ Detroit
to one of the republics south of the United |

| States, The tug Luokenbach will tow;

STANDEES BARRED.

 

| Appellate Term Says Space Back of

| Theatre Seats Is an Alsie to Re Kept
will be sold |

191 1 Copyr ight, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Aasoctation.

them all al

unable to place it!
at firat, but Dr. Brewer ran into the lava- |

  

JOUNSON NEW MAINE SENATOR.

Democratic Caucus Selects the Successor
of Kugene Hate,

Avovsta, Me, Jan. 4. Charles” F,
Johnson of Waterville was nominated as
the Democratic candidate for United

) States Senator to succeed Kugene Hale
jin the party caucus here to-night
} This action insures his election by the
| Legislature on January 17, as both
| branches are strongly Defocratic
| Johnson received 67 votes on the first
jhallot, Obadiah Gardner of
'21, and William M. Pennell of Portland, 17
| Mr. Johnson, who is @ lawyer, was the
Democratic candidate for Governor in
1892 and IS04.) He has served two terms
fin the Legislature and has been Mayor
jof Waterville. Gardner supporters in the
feancus to-night threatened the election
,of a Republican Governor two years
(hence if their candidate, a former master
of the State Grange, was defeated
The result of the vote came as a sur-

 

prise, as it was believed that both Gardner |

and Pennell, formerly Sheriff of Cumber-
(land county, would develop much more
istrength. In case they could hold John-
son on the first ballot, it is said, they had
planned to join forces in support of DJ
MeGillienddy Lewiston, Who was
i elected to Congress last September
Kx-Jndge F. A. Powers of Houlton
| wot
! Republican caucus
!
|

of

OPERA SINGER FINED 810,000,

Director Russell of Boston Company
Punishes Recaleitrant Russian,

Boeros, Jan. +. George Baklanoff, the
Russian barytone who left the Boston
Opera company suddenly while rehearsing
\ “la Habanera” and was afterward dis-
{missed from the company “as a matter
of discipline,” has returned to the com-
pany

The Russian wrote to Director Russell
| asking to be forgiven and reinstated,
and the latter in a reply consented, sub-
ject to the following conditions:

“1. A fine of $10,000

“’. Cancellation of old contract

“*. Full apology to the company

“This penalty is not excessive in view
of the serious consequences which might
have accrued from your action, conse-
quences which were avoided, thanks
to the good willand talent of Mr. Blanchard
and cooperation of every member of our
company,” says Director Russell

At the’ time Baklanoff explained his
conduct by the fact that he suffered from
a sore throat and that the mumerous re-
hearsals exhausted his vitality. He also
declared that he had no intention of offer-
ing any insult to anybody.

Director Russell took the stand that to
léave the rehearsal] in the manner in which
Baklanofi? did was a gross breach of dis-
cipline

 

CASIMIR PERIER A THIEF?

Son of Former French President Accused
of Borrowing on Jewels Not Paid For.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE Sun.

Panis, Jan. 4.—Casimir Perier, son of
the former President of the republic, is
charged with larceny

Jewellers here sold him a pearl neck-
lace for $30,000 with the understanding
that the amount was to be paid inthree
quarterly instalments. The jewellers
assert that Perier immediately raised
$12,000 on the necklace

M. Perier asserts that he bought the
necklace outright. His mother recently
asked the courts to place him ainder a

 

 

 

trusteesmip

ALMOST AS BIG AS TAFT.

|
|
|

 

When He Called on the President.
WasHINGTON, Jan. 4,.—Mayor Busse of
Chicago called at the White House to-day
to see President Taft. The Mayor ire far
from being a small man. Just before he
started to leave the President removed

his glasses, looked over his desk with a |

smile and remark ed:
“Why, Mr. Mayor,
far around the equator as ] am
“Yes,” said Mayer Busse, affectionately
it

you're almost

as

patting bis waistcoat, “and isn't all

imaginary line either.”

 

FINED $10,000 FOR REBATING.
Lehigh Valley and Readiog Ralfroads and
Hethiehem Steel Co. Muleted.
| PHILADELPHIA, Jan, 4.— Fines of $40,000
each were imposed to-day on the Reading

 

| 7
on demurrage charges in violation of the

interstate commerce law,

The Government contended that these
companies were guilty of making and
j receiving what in effect were rebates
; to an amount of $55,000, The companies
lurged that physical conditions, to wit,
| the upset state of freight yards during

Oven. | the enlargement of the Bethlehem Steel | ’
| The Appellate Term of the Supreme! Works, made ic impossible to deliver | Parties to the contract held a meeting
Court ruled yesterday that the space|and unload cars promptly or regularly, | @t which it was decided to create a com-

Rockland, |

the Senatorial nomination in the}

THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1911,
Cloudy to-day; fair to-morrow;
cont

ued cold.

'SUIT T0 CLOSE ALL OUR PORTS

TO BRITISH, GERMAN AND

OTHER EMIGRANT CARRIERS,

|
“Unless Atlantic Conference Agreement
on Steerage Business Is Abandoned
as a London Conspiracy Entered

| Into In Violation pf the Sherman Act.

 

The Government has brought suit in
| equity in the United States Circuit Court
here under the Sherman act, which is
| how more than twenty years old, to re-
| strain British, German, Dutch, Russian
;and American passenger carrying Atlantio
| liners, members of the Atlantic conference,
from entering or clearing from the ports
of the United States at all unless they
| abandon an agreement as to steerage
} rates alleged to have been entered into
in London in 1908 and described as mo-
The Sherman act declares that
contract, combination or cone
spiracy in restraint of trade with foreign
| nations, as well as between States, is
illegal, and that everybody who entera
into it may be fined $5,000 or imprisoned
) a year, but the nearest practical way of

|
| nopolistic.
|

every

 

| enforcing the law in this case, againat
the British and Germans, for instance, ia
deemed to be the closing of the porta of

| the United States to their ships by means
of an equity proceeding for that relief,

The defendants named are the Allan
Line Steamship Company, Limited, main-
taining the Allan Line; the International
Mercantile Marine Company, a New
Jersey corporation controlling the Amers
ican Line and others; the International
Navigation Company, Limited, maintain-
ing the American Line; the Anchor Line
(Henderson Bros., Limited), the Canadian
Pacific Railway Company, the Cunard
Steamship Company, Limited; the British
and North Atlantic Steam Navigation
Company, Limited, maintaining the Do-
minion Line; the Hamburg-Amerioan
Line, the Holland-America Line, the
North German Lloyd, the Red Star Line,
the Russian-American Line, and the White
Star Line, and also Bryce J. Allan of H.
& A, Allan of Boston, agent for the Allan
Line; Philip A. 8S. Franklin and John Lee,
officers of the International Mercantile
Marine Company; William Coverley, agent
for the Anchor Line; Charles P. Sumner.
agent for the Cunard Line; Emil L. Boas,
resident director of the Hamburg-Ameri-
can Line; Adrian Cips, agent of the Hol-
land-America Line; Gustav H. Schwab,
Herman C. von Post and Gustav H.
Schwab, Jr., of Oelrichs &Co., agents of
the North German Lloyd, and Alexander
E. Johnson of A. E. Johnson & Co., agents

{for the Russian-American Line.

The petition alleges that these de-
fendante are engaged in a combination
and conspiracy to destroy all competitién
among themselves in the business of
transporting — class or steerage pas-
sengers betwee ports in the United
States of America and ports in Europe,
and also are engaged in destroying com-
petition by dll persons and corporations
Other than themselves,

The contract upon which the action is
based is alleged to have heen entered
into in London on February 5, 1908.
Under this contract the defendant steam-
ship lines, with the exception of the
Russian-American Line, are alleged to
have formed themselves into the At-
lantic Conference. Under the terms of
the contract, it is alleged, the parties
thereto agreed to divide up the steerage
traffic forwarded by them, each line
receiving a percentage of the total, and

‘that each agreed not to carry steerage
| passengers in excess of the allotted per-
| centage. A penalty of four pounds
sterling, it is alleged, was prescribed for
every steerage passenger carried in ex-
cess of the allotment, the forfeit to be
divided among those companies whioh
had not carcied their share,

| Further provisions of the alleged con-
tract are that whenever a line carries
| more or less than its agreed percentage
j of the traffic it shall raise or lower ita
rates to make its business meet the agreed
\ araantaen, and if this expedient does
| not have the desired effect more drastic
} measures shall be taken, it being pro-
i vided that where it is possible the per-

by members of Enging Company 82 and} Railway, Lehigh Valley Railroad and | centages shall be adjusted by raising

than by lowering rates. As a
further guarantee the contract provides
lthat each of the lines shall deposit
iwith the secretary of the association a
promissory note for £1,000 for each
|1 per cent. of the traffie allotted to it,
{the sum to be forfeited if the line with-
{draws from the association without the
| permission of the others, or if the line
| fails to pay the £4 for each excess pas-
| Senger carried. Matters of dispute are
,to be referred to an arbitrator, who has
}the right to impose a penalty of £250
} upon any line violating the contract,

The petition further alleges that the

! rather

the Detroit to South Brooklyn, where, | back of*the seats in a theatre must be! and that the demurrage allowance con- | Mittee of three, consisting of agents of

it ix said, she will be delivered to her pros- | "@@rded as an “aisle or passageway”

| under the statute providing for the col-
| lection of a penalty by: the Fire Com-
| missioner against the lessee of a theatre

pective purchasers,

| THIRTEEN KILLED IN WRECH,

 

 

| Train in Yards at Cheney, Wash, | Lynn had dismissed a suit for six violations
| Spokane, Wash, Jan. 4.- Thirteen lives | against the Dewey Theatre and the Ap-
\ ane believed to have béen lost in a wreck | pellate Term reversed him,
| to-day in the Northern Pacific yards at{ ‘The lesseo of the theatre also conterided
Cheney. Ten or more persons were in- lthat he was not present when the vio
jured | lations oceurred and that he conldn't
| ‘The North Coast Limited struck the | be held liable because the firemen didn't
;rear of a Burlington passenger train | give him notice of the standees.
which was taking a side track. Three | Court says that he was the licensee and
coaches were wrecked, Five bodies have that it was his duty to see that the aisles
| been recovered from the wreckage jand passageways were kept clear during
‘The Burlington train arrived in Cheney a performance,

in plenty of time to make the siding,| “While a statute that imposes a penalty
but an unexplained delay of five minutes | must be strictly construed,” the
saw the cars still on the main line, with; Court, “a statute such as this, which is
the North Coast coming at terrifie speed | designed fo protect the patrons of the
down the mile of straight track approach- | place from the dangers of panic in case

ing the yards of fire or other sudder
: ‘ : ‘ on disaster by -
ine engineer of the North Coast train | . ater by ae

saya

applied the air brakes, but was unable | ised >
to get his train under control before it, be rigidly enforced, and the courts will
crashed into the rear of the Burlington | not strive to find technicalities whereby
at a speed estimated at from thirty-five | its beneficent purposes may be defeated,”
to forty miles an hour, | : 7 :

The locomotive ploughed through the
standing train for three car lengths before
If stopped,

 

 

NEW TIME TABLES
Pennsylvania Railroad, effective January 6,
| Limited train service to Florida will be Inaiigue

| rated. No leaving or arriving time at Cort.
landt and Desbrosses Streets will be advertised

TOLOWELL, LAWRENCE & PORT LAND, Me

   
 

Portand Night Express. Lye. New York ¢ on wew time tables, but frequent » 2
excep! Sunday, 040 POM Due Portland & between those stations and athe fers wilh we
AMON. Y. N,N & HOR, 171 Broadway. j continued Changes will be made in local trains
jou jend trains to Philadelphia. .tde.

The |

} curing an unimpeded means of exit should:

| stituted no favor to the steel company,
It is understood that the companies
will appeal to a higher court,

 

{ay jin which standees are found, In the! WS STUCK IN ELEVATOR,
| North Coast Limited Runs Into Standing | case in question Municipal Court Justice |

 

Firemen Chop for Two Hours to Release
| Men Packed ‘Tween Floors.

, An elevator in a twelve story loft build-
| ing at LIS West Twenty-fourth street kept
habsorbing more and more persons as em-
ployees of shirtwaist and men's clothing
firtns quit work at 6 o'clock last night.
When fifteen men had been jammed into
Itit gave up between the second and third
floors and stopped. The safety clutches

had suddenly caught and there was no |

| going upor down
| Thereupon the huddled fifteen lifted
' up their voices in mighty lamentation
that brought Policeman Hart. There
) was 4 lot of shouting, and then Viremen
Henry and Martin arrived with ladders
and axes and cut a hole in the wall of the
elevator shaft. This took a lot of time
At 8:20 o'clock the first of the imprisoned
Skipped down the ladder with many
| threats of legal processes. The fourteen
‘others follomed him, but for the last and
stoutest thé™reach had to be widened?

e SEABOARD FLORIDA 1. r

@ ONE NIGHT OUT TO PALM BReeH
Tampa and Orlando. Is. N. ¥. 1146-4. M

commencing Jau. & The most complete ail
| Pullman electric lighted train to Florida. Inq
| Be ab ts oF Seaboard omice, dies Bid .

the lines in the United States, with power
| to select steamships known as “fighting
| steamships” and to advertise these for
|Railing ut the same time and from the
}same port as steamships of independent
jand competing lines and at lower rates,
[the loss on the transaction to be borne
ratably by the members of the associa-
}tion. These methods, it is alleged, put
| the Russian Volunteer Fleet out of busi-
ness and a6 a result of them the Ryssian-
| American Line sought and obtained mem-
j bership in the association. The same
| practices, it is alleged, are now being
pursued against the Uranium Steam-
ship Company.

The lines mentioned as defendants,
according to the petition, controlled
|More than 90 per cent. of the third class
|traffe between Europe and the United
| States at the time of the alleged agree-
|ment, and the petition alleges that more
; than 75 per cent. of this traffic is affeoted

by the agreement, The revenue of the
| westbound business, says the petition,
averages $55,000,000 a year,

The Government through United Sta!
District Attorney Henry A. Wise, aot

|

‘under the instructions of Attorney-
;General Wickersham, aske that this
agreement be declared illegal and that

1 the defendant steamship lines be for-
| bidden either to enter or to leave any
port of the United States or its possessions
so long as this contract or any similar

x

‘

PELE ITT eT

x

ay meide, | | aBroOMent remhins in force, Tho potition,

\,

~-

 

~