Forti

es

a

at
ae!
ah

 

 

 

 

VOL, LXXIL—NO. 278

 
   

a
ab

oir
sun

+NEW YORK, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1905.—copvrioht, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

wa " Monvay,* Jone 5," 1908.\ ee
‘Partly-cloudy to-day; fair to-morrow,

PRICE TWO ‘CENTS.

 

HYDE PARTY TALKS PEACE.

FIGHT NOW TO CHOKE OFF SUPT.
HENDRICKS’S REPORT. ,

 

 

Lawyer Untermyer Says That the Row Will
Be Settled and That the Courts Wil
Be Asked to Determine the Owner
ship of the $61 000 Syndicate Profita,

Samuel Untermyer, James H. Hyde's
lawyer, announced last night that the
Equitable row was nearer a settlement,
than at any other time since the trouble
began, and that Mr. Hyde would soon be-
gin proceedings in the Supreme. Court to
establish the fact that his profits in the
underwriting syndicates which sold secu-
rities to the Equitable society~ belong
rightfully to. him. Here ts Mr. Unter-,
myer's statement: :

“At no time since the trouble began has
the prospect for a peaceful and permanent
cclution, satisfactory to all interests, been
ns promising as at the moment, The next
few cdaysare likely to see important develop-
mente in that direction. Every energy is
being directed to that end, and we are most
sanguine of results. I am not at liberty
tosay moreat thistime. It is to be hoped
that the directors will meantime assist the
eituation,

“Acting on legal advice, Mr. Hyde will
shortly begin proceedings to determine
the question of the syndicate profits that
were oriticized in the Frick report. and
most unjustly so, as we claim, When
the subject is fully understood, I am eure
every rightminded man will agree that
he was morally, as well as legally, entitled,
to these profits and that the society had
nothing to do with it. :

“Whatever else may happen Mr. Hyde
will not pause in his determination to secure
a public investigation of these baseless
cbarges. which are so littJe understood and
which have created such an unreasoning
nrejudice in the public mind. It is amazing
on what slim pretext men’s honest motives
are misjudged at times of publio excite-
ment, but we are confident that justice and
fair play will prevail in the end. Mr. Hyde
will bide his time.”

Mr. Untermyer refused to intimate along
what line the settlement is being suggested.
Crom another source it was learned that his
remarks, however, donot referto any settle-
ment between Hyde and Alexander, but toa
clearing up of the general situation. How
that can be accomplished with the Hen-
dricks report hanging over the heads of
the Equitable officers and cirectors was not
explained

Mr. Hyde has declared right along that
he will never consent to the absolute sur-
render of his stock, and those who have
teen condycting the fight for mutualiza-

tion have taken the stand that no propori-

tion with Hyde “conditions” on the trus- |

teeing of the stock would be anything but
a farce, Persons representing the policy-
holders’ interests said that they regarded
the statement as an attempt by Mr. Hyde
to quiet the feeling in the board of directors
since Friday's stormy meeting and ‘to
head of, if possible, any further resigna-
tions.

Any action by Mr. Hyds in regard to the
eirndicate profits would, it is thought, take
the fornn of an application to have a court
ietermine tho ownership of the $61,000
which he has deposited with the society as
profits and which the Frick committee has
decided ought to be turned into the treasury
of the society.

It is known now that Mr. Hyde and bis
‘swyers are bending every effort to head
off developments at Albany. With the
Frick report out of the way so far as its
acoeptance by the board is concerned, and
vith all the forces that have opposed the

‘icde rule in the society vanquished, Mr. ;

livde's chief causes of concern are possible
action by State Superintendent of Insur-
ance Hendricks and the attitude of Gov.
bageine .

Every power which the Equitable pos-
seeses in being used to “fix” things at Al-
tany. One of the Equitable’s directors,
who has the reputation of being a con-
oliater, was in conference. most of Satur-
cay and 4 large part of yesterday arrang-
ing details of the Albany campaign.

A despatch fram Albany last nigbt said
that Gov. Higgins had been giving much
ettention to the Equitable situation and

‘was seriously considering the advisability |

of calling the attention of the Legislature
to the matter at its extra sesrion.

There is a chance. that the insurance
authorities of other States will interfere
in the Equitable sitnation before Supt.
Hendricks's report is made public. It
has been promised by June 15. Some
of these insurance commissioners have
written to persons connected with the
Equitable since the Frick report was made
public, threatening to come on and open
an investigation on their own hook. Their
contention has been that they had little
faith in any investigation by an insurance
cepartment which had allowed such gross
irregularities to go on without censure for
Feveral years.

Five outside commissioners came to New
York several weeks ago with the intention
of opening independent investigations, but.
efter a talk with Supt. Hendricks agreed to
await his report. It was said yesterday
that several commissioners would probably
errive in the city within a day or two to get
tome light on the work that is being con-
ducted by Supt. Hendricks.

The Alexander eupporters were up in
arms yesterday over the declaration that
Mr. Alexander had entered into an offensive

and defensive alliance against the Frick- |

Harriman forces with Mr. Hyde. ‘It was
said authoritatively that Mr. Alexander
had made no advances to Mr. Hyde and
that he would. make none until the mutual-
ization of the society was an accoinplished
fact. '

The plan of pacification which William
Nelson Cromwell proposed for the society
and which was the subject of long confer-
ences between the Hyde and Alexander
forces before the Friok committee report
was made was that the general agents and
managers of the society should raise $2,500,-
( among themselves and purchase Mr.
Hyde's stock. Mr. Hyde refused to listen
t's the offer.

Further details of the directors’ meeting
ef last Friday came out yesterday. It
Appears now that the board, after the resig-
nations of Frick, Harriman and Cornelius
\. Bliss, actually passed a resolution ask-
ing Mr. Frick and Mr. Bliss to reconsider
their resignations, but ignored Mr. Harri-
nan completely, It is on account of this

ns well as on account of Mr. Hyde's re-’
marks about him that Mr. Harriman is
bitter againat the young vice-president.
The Fquitable’s demurrer to the’ com-
plaint in the Franklin B. Lord suit against
tbe mutualization of the society will be

argued to-day before Justice Keogh in the
Supreme Court at Mineola, L. I.

On the calendar for trial this week before
the same Justice is the suit of Anna L.
Wood: against the Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, John J. McCook and others to recover
money which she lost in the shipbuilding
venture. James H. Hyde, who has been
charged: with having participated in an
underwriting syndicate of the shipbuilding
bonds, has been ‘subpmnaed as a witness.
are case will probably be tried on Wednes-

y.

It was learned authoritatively yesterday

that the name of Robert T. Lincoln has been
considered by Mr. Hyde and others as a
candidate for the newly created office of
chairman of the board of directors. It was
said, however, that not much progress had
heen made in the direction of booming Mr.
Lincoln for the place.
» The committee of seven appointed to
select a candidate for the chairmanship
seemed yesterday to be as much at sea as
ever. None of them, so far as was learned,
has been notified officially of his election,
and several are in doubt whether they will
serve or not.
whether the committee serves or not. The
board eventually will select the man, and
that means that Mr. Hyde wil dictate the
choice,

Supt. Hendrioks arrived in town last
night. He will resume his examination of
the Equitable officers and directors either
to-day or to-morrow. Supt. Hendricks
up to the time when the Frick report was
made public had absolutely no knowledge
of what the committee had found. He
has received. a lot of additional ammuni-
tion, especially in the shape of signed state-
ments and confessions made by the Equita-
ble officers in regard to the underwriting
syndicate transactions. He will, it was
said yesterday, examine Director Jacob
H. Schiff.. It was not learned whether the
Superintendent would persist in his inten-
tion of examining Mr. Harriman) now that
the latter had resigned.

Telegrams from Chicago last night said
that Robert T. Lincoln had declared that
he would’ not under any circumstances
accept the chairmanship of the board if It
were offered to him.

 

INGALLS SAYS HE’LL RESIGN.

 

Sees Nothing bot Ruin for the Equitable if
Hyde Remains in Control.
CrxcrynatTi, June 4.--“For Hyde to con-
tinue at the head will mean the ruination
of the Equitable,” was the statement Mel-
ville E. Ingalls made this afternoon in
discussing the affairs of the Equitable Life
Assurance Society. $
“I am certainly going to resign from
the board of directors,” he said, “but just
when I donot know, but it will probably be
in the near future, and the action that I
shall take hereafter will be as a policy-
holder. The report of the committee of
| which Mr. Frick was chairman called for
the unqualified resignation of Mesers.
; Alexander, Hyde and Tarbell.
“The plan was objected to by Mr. Schiff,
' as he thought it would be a difficult thing
to replace the complete set of officers with
others. who were contersant with the busi-
ness. It. was his opinion that a chairman
of the board of directors sbould, be ap-
‘pointed and that all the other officers of the
company sbold be subservient to him.
“The report of the Frick committee was
| fhrawn ott by the votee of fifteen directors

who are employees of the Equitable
and who are absolutely the servants of
| Hyde and vote simply as he dictates.
These fifteen employes and the Gould fao-
| tion were the ones that made it possible
to set aside the committee's report.

“There will be further effort at the an-
nual meeting in January to throw out Mr.
Hyde, but I do not see how that can he
done uniess he sells out, and I don't see
| how we can force him todo so.”

 

MAVOY'S FRIEND DISCHARGED.

Young Man Who Faced the Magistrate
May Get a Surprise Some Day.

A young man who said he was Harry
| Watson was arraigned yesterday in the
| Essex Market, polica court charged with
being drink Saturday night on the Bowery.
| “Where do you live?” asked Magistrate
; McAvoy.

“St. Nicholas avenue and 117th street,”
| said Watson.
“What is the number of your house?”
| questioned the Magistrate.

*T live at 213 St. Nicholas avenue,” said
Watson.

“Oh, no. you don’t,” said the Magistrate.
“I know more about that neighborhood
than I do about the Bowery. I happen to
live there myself.”

“Is that so?” said Watson.
must know McAvoy.”

“What McAvoy?” asked the Magistrate.

“Why, the man who was made Judge a
sbort time ago,” said Watson.

*Do you know McAvoy very well?” con-
' tinued the Magistrate.
| Well, I should say I did,” was the an-
“T hustled many a time for him at
| the primaries.
| “What kind of a fellow is he?” asked the
| Magistrate.

“Oh, he is an ace,”
is my personal friend.”

“Have you seen him lately?” asked the
Magistrate.

“Yas, I saw him a few nights ago up in
the district,” was the reply.

“Well, I am going to discharge you,” said
the Magistrate. “When do you expect to
pee McAvoy again?”

“Oh,‘tn a couple of days,” said Watson.

“Well, when you see him,” said the Magis-
trate, “tell him that I discharged you.”

“You bet I will,” said Wateon as he hur-
ried out of the court room.

SAVED HER BABY

Mother Struck by Fender and Knocked
Insensible, but Not Badly Hart.
Trimina Cheni of 120 Macdougal street
wvas sunning herself in Washington Square
| yeaterday afternoon and dreaming of Italy
| while her three-year-old daughter Angelina
was playing about the pavement. sud-
denly the mother saw her child in front of
an approaching Sixth avenue car.
In a flash she was at the child’s side,

“Then you

 

 

said Watson. “He

 

 

FROM CAR.

 

Mr. Hyde does not care much |

HE

JOHN ZELLER KEPT HIS PROMISE
TO AIS FAMILY, ;

 

 

With a Dynamite Cartridge in His Band,

He Gave Instructions to His Bon ona
Business Matter, but His Manner Be-
trayed Him to His Wife—He Alone Dead

For some time past John Zeller, a middle-
aged contracting well digger, of 280 Cooper
avenue, Ridgewood, L. I., had been threat-
ening, while in his cups, to blow up his wife,
his son, himself and everything else around

|him. He aucceeded yesterday afternoon

| in blowing up his house and himself with a
dynamite cartridge. His son is seriously
injured, and his wife, whom he hated most,
escaped unhurt.

Zeller explodéd the cartridge at 5 o'clock
| yesterday afternoon, while talking to his
| twenty-year-old son John in the kitchen
{of his apartment. Zeller’s right arm was
| blown from his body. Death was instan-
taneous.

The boy John was hurled through the
kitchen window into the rear yard, receiv-
ing lacerated wounds in the right arm and
ankle anda deep wound in the right thigh.
In St. Mary's Hospital, Jamaica, his con-
dition was sald to be serious.

Barbara Zeller, who stood some distance
from her husband and son, suffered from
shock only. -After her son shot through
the casement she leaped after him into the
area below and Jay unconscious for a while.

The house in which the Zellers live is a
two story and basement, frame dwelling,
of which they occupied the lower floor,
consisting of two rooms besides the kitchen.
The partition walls were blown out and a
piece of the kitchen floor also. The body of
Zeller was later discovered in the base-
ment with the wreckage of the floor.

On the floor above the Zellers lives the
family of William Connolly. Mrs. Con-
nolly, who was preparing supper, and a
woman friend, Mrs. Hannah Quinn, with
her at the time, were thrown to the floor
-by the shock, but suffered no injuries other
than shock.

The house stands somewhat aloof from
other houses, but the whole neighborhood
was nevertheless shaken by the explosion,
and the folk ran out to the wrecked house.

Before the crowd had time to gather,
however, John Zeller, Jr., came to, picked
himself up from the area where he lay, and,
bleeding as he was, ran to the Glendale
police station, about three-quarters of a
mile away. He opened the doorfand fell
in a faint before Acting Sergeant McDon-
ald’s desk.

“Do you know me?” the boy said after
the sergeant had revived him.

“I have seen you before,” answered Mc-
Donald.

“Well,” said young Zeller, “the old man
has kept his word. He's blown us up and
killed mother and himeelf. Help me.”
The boy was removed to the hospital.

When Officers Whitehead and Engel
came to the Zeller house they found Mra.
Zeller stunned and the mangled remains
of Zeller. The woman was quickly re-
vived. The remains of Zeller Coroner
Leonard Ruf ordered to be removed to
Stenger's morgue. Three unexploded
dynamite cartridges were found. by the
Coroner. ai

Mrs. Zeller, when seen. by a SUN reporter
yesterday evening, said that her husband
was intemperate and often beat her. She
frequently had him arrested for assault
and only last Thursday she appeared against
him in the Flushing police court. Magise
trate Smith sent Zeller to jail in default of
$500, in which he held him for Special Ses-
sions, in Jamaica.

At 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon Zeller
came home. In some mysterious way he
| had got out of jail.

“It's very strange,” said Mrs. Zeller,
| “how my husband got out of jail. He often
boasted of his influence with politicians.”

At the jail last night it was said bail for
Zeller had been furnished.

“Where is John?” Zeller asked his fright-
ened wife when he camein. John was out.
“Go find him," said Zeller, who was appar-
ently not drunk.

“I found him,” went op Mrs. Zeller, “and
John came in with his friend, Frederick
Nestlen. My husband sent me out to get a
couple of bottles of beer. After he had
drunk the beer he ordered young Mr.
| Nestlen to leave, as he had some private
' farnily business to talk about.”

After young Nestlen left Zeller gave his
son, who worked with him at well digging,
; Some instructions concerning a job he said
| he had contracted for with one of the

breweries,
own statement, felt when she saw her
| husband's livid face and subdued manner

 

 

 

pen, Instinctively she shrank away toward
the kitchen range. Zeller was standing at
| his desk against the wall opposite the
range. John saw something in his father's
hand all the while he was speaking. Sud-
denly came the explosion.

Zeller frequently employed dynamite
in blasting. But that dynamite he had
buried in the yard near acesspool. Mrs.
Zeller had no idea where he got the car-
tridges. She seemed much relieved over
her husband's end and anxiously sought
| information last night as to whether
| her fire insurance policy would cover the
wreck wrought by the dynamite cartridge.
| The damage is estimated at $2,500.

GRACE SNELL TO MARRY AGAIN,

This Will Be Chicago Woman's Sixth Mat-
rimonial Venture.

June 4. — Reports

 

 

 

|} CwIcaao,

| that Mrs. Grace Snell Layman, daughter
| of Amos J. Snell, the murdered Chicago
| millionaire, is to be married for the sixth
| time and that her husband is to be Mack
| Love, The wedding, it is reported, will

be celebrated soon, and it is supposed that
| the future home of the couuple wil] be in
Los Angeles.

Three of Mrs. Layman's matrimonial
ventures were with Frank Nixon Coffin,
and three times she was divorced from him.
The following table shows her marriages
and divorces since she first became the

caught it, and flung it to one side. She | bride of Coffin twenty-one years ago:

herself, bowever, was caught by the fender
of the car and dragged a distance of fifteen
feet, receiving a number of bruises and
contusions.

“Is the bambino saved?" she asked when
ashe regained consciousness at St, Vincent's
Hospital some time later, On being as-
sured that ber child was eafe she.went her

way rejoicing.
, Latest Marine Intctligence.

 

:- Ss San Marcos. Galveston: $s Pro-
wer ee Qrieans; Ss Curitiba, Mantanzas; Ss
Bradford, Post Antonia, “

1884-—-Married to Frank Nixon Coffin.
1894—Divorced from Frank Nixon Coffin.
1898—Remarried to Frank Nixon Coffin.
1899—Divoreed from Frank Nixon Coffin.
1809—Married to James €. Walker.;
1990—Divorced trom James C. Walker.
1901—Remarried to Frank Nixon Coffin.-
1901—Divorced from Frank Nixon Coffin.
1903—Married to Perkins A. Layman.
1903~—Divorced from Perkins A. Larman.
1905 —Reported engaged to Mack Love.
Love, to whom it is now reported she is
engaged, is said to be about 27 years old,
handsome and posseased’ of ‘tndewaident
means. ‘

Mrs. Zeller, according to her j;

that something dreadful was going to hap- |

reached |
| Chicago from Los Angeles, Cal., to-day |

 

 

BLEW: UP HIS: HOUSEHOLD, BABY POISONED BY MISTAKE.

Infant Grandeon of Inspector Byrnes Mes
of Wood Alcohol.

The seven-months-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Hickey of 311 West 102d strest
died yesterday afternoon of wood alcohol
administered: by ita mother, who thought
she was giving the child lime water which
e physician had prescribed for it.

Mrs. Hickey, who is the daugbter of for-
mer Police Inspector Thomas Byrnes and
whose husband is private secretary |to
Supreme Court Justice McCall had been
directed by her physician to give the ohild
a special food, which contained lime water.
She was in the habit of sending the maid
to a drug store in 102d street, near Broad-
way, for both wood alooho! and lime water
since she prepared the food with an alcohal
lamp.

The drug clerk told Coroner Scholer
that the maid asked him yesterday for wood
alcohol, which he gave her properly labelled.
The maid said she asked for lime water.
Mrs. Hickey, supposing that the bottle
contained lime water, prepared the child's
food with the wood alcohol. Soon after
taking the food the child became uncon-
scious.

The father, who had been out, came home
and detected the odor of alcohol. Then
it was discovered that a mistake had been
made. Dr. Thomas Kelly was summoned,
but when he arrived the child was dying.

When the baby died he notified the Cor-
oner. Coroner Scholer visited the Hickey
home, but hejcouldn’t find the;wood alcohol
bottle. In the excitement over the baby's
death it had been thrown out. Mra. Hickey
was prostrated.

 

APACHE SAFE.

Last of the Contestants for Emperor's
Cup Sighted Near the Lizard.
Apectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonxpon, June 4.—The steamer Kroon-

Jand reports that she spoke the yacht

Apache, one of the contestants for the

| Kaiser’s cup, 118 miles west of the Lizard

at 2:35 o'clock this afternoon.

 

| The sighting of the Apache will be wel-
come news to the friends of those on board.
For the past couple of days grave anziety
was felt in many quarters and there even
was a vaguerumor that the bark had struck
an iceberg and foundered. Friends of Capt.
McDonald, skipper of the boat, inquired
of THE Scn yesterday if anything was seen
of the vessel and they seemed to fear the
worst. At the New York Yacht Club no
one would say anything on the failure of
the Apache to reach the Lizard, but it was
apparent that there was an opinion of some
disxeter having befallen the craft.

The Apache was last seen by the steam-
ship Columbia in longitude 59.50 and lati-
tude 43.23. This meant that she steered
a course about 150 miles north of that sailed
by the Atlantic, which accounts for her not
having been seen by any of the steamships.

According, to the Government reports,

| ioeberge were plentiful in the course of the
Apache, and this probably gave rise to the
report that she ran into one and went down.
As gueste with Mr. Randolph on the Apache
were Royal Phelps Carroll, owner of the

| yacht Navahos; Ralpb N. Ellis, a yachtsman
and member of the Meadow Brook Hunt;
R. Burnside Potter,
W. Gordon Fellows, Dr. Watson B. Morris
and Joseph Harriman. Capt. McDonald
had a crew of forty sailors with him.

Stuyvesant Leroy,

 

NOTHING TO HOLD INQUEST ON.

 

Coroner Scholer Puzzied by Case of Capt.
Speis, Who Says He Drowned a Man.

Capt. William Speis of the schooner Mar-
shall O. Wella, from Perth Amboy, N. J.,
who says that he ran down and cut in two
a gasoline skiff on Saturday off Robbin's
Reef and drowned one of the skiff’s ocen-
pants, was taken to the Tombs police court
yesterday morning. Magistrate Fion
ducked by sending him to the Coroner's
office.

When Coroner Scholer took the cass up
the first thing he noted was the lack of a
dead man.

“It's a farce.” said he,“to bold an inquest
on a dead man that we haven't got.”

The clerks finally dug up an antediluvian
case which gives the Coroner jurisdiction
in shipwreck cases, and Capt. Speis was
released on $5 bail pending an inquest
into the death of one Rudolph Edzer, of
whose death, however, there is no positive
proof, as no one saw him drown and his
body has not been recovered.

The Coroner was just beginning to feel
' satisfied with the settlement of the matter

when it occurred to him that the body might

| be found in New Jersey.
'  *T can't hold the inquest there, and I can't
hold him pending an inquest, which maybe
I can't bold anyhow.” said he. “But I
guess I'll let it stand as it is.”

And there it rests until the body is found.

 

NAN PATTERSON QUITS STAGE.

Disconraged by Reception She Got, She |

Goes Howe, Blaming the Company.
ALTOONA, Pa., June 4.—Discouraged by
| the adverse criticism that has greeted her
reappearance on the stage, Nan Patterson,

broken in spirit and disheartened, severed |

her connection with “The Romance of
| Panama” company, with which she was
| traveling, last night and left early to-day
for her home in Washington.

Miss Patterson was greeted by a small
house here last night and the few women
| present left early. The actress, with tears
| in ber eyes, in an interview just before

she boarded the train, said:

“When I went on the stage I adopted ,

tbe only means left me to ear a livelihood,
and I am awfully sorry the people have so
severely condemned me. I wanted to do
right and could see no harm in going on
the atage, which is my profession. I owe
thousands of dollars, and don't. know how
in the world Iam going to pay it by any
other way.

*I believe much of the criticism was due
to the company with which I was traveling:
It was not such as everybody would care
to patronize, and of course I have had
to stand the blame for it. I really did not
mow much about it when I signed a con-
tract, and rather than hear the harsh treat-
ment tbat I have been subjected to I have
decided to leave the stage,for a time at
least.”

 

 

UNIQUE WEDDING PRESENTS.

Sliver, bronzes, cut glass, hall clocks, electro-
liers. Mermod, Jaccard & King, at Number 400
Fifth Avenue. Catalog of Jewelry, et, fee.—Ads-

_—————

STARTS A MOVE FOR PRACE,

ROOSEVELT CONSULTS ON PLAN
FOR APPROACHING RUSSIA.

 

 

Realizes the Delicacy of the Task of Sng-
Sesting Mediation to the Czar—Kalser
May Have Proposed It—Jepan - Has
Not Outlined Any Terms of Peace.

WASHINGTON, June 4.—It became known
to-night that exchanges are in progrees
between the neutral powers with a view
to devising means whereby Russia may
be cautiously and politely sounded with
reference to accepting raediation in her
war with Japan.

There is reason to believe that these ex-
changes were initiated by the Government
of the United States probably at the in-
formal] suggestion of the German Emperor.
It was intimated late this afternoon that
a statement on the subject might be made
at the White House to-morrow.

Baron von Sternburg, the German Am-
bassador, had a conference with President
Roosevelt to-night and while the President
and the Ambassador are close personal

| friends and frequently meet to discuss
| Matters that have nothing to do with affairs
| of state, it is understood that their talk
this evening had to do with peace and that
some definite move was under considera~-
| tion. Baron yon Sternburg was at the
| White House at 9 o'clock and did not leave
|

| He declined to make any

} until after 11,
| Statement.
| The Government learns that a condition
bordering on demoralization exists at St.
Petersburg, and for that reason the author-
ities here realize that the greatest caution
| must be exercised in approaching the Czar
|and his Ministers with any suggestion
that the time for arranging peace has
| arrived.

The exchanges which are now being
made or are about to be instituted are
based on the view that if any direct proposal
were made to Russia by a neutral power
or a combination of neutral powers the
St. Petersburg Government, in its present
state of mind, might become so incensed
as to make the effort futile and cause a
postponement of similar overtures for a
long time to come.

Officials of the Government deprecated
the rumors as to the attitude of the United
States. They maintained that these rumors

might cause resentment in St. Petersburg,
where the probable inclination at this time

| of perturbation was to put credence in any
reports emanating from Washington, no

| matter how erroneous they might be.

It was learned to-day that the Japanece

|

Government has not formulated any peace
terms or intimated to this Government
the basis upon which she would be willing
to accept the mediation of a neutral nation
in bringing about negotiations with Russia.

 

 

TOJOINOU RFLEETANDENGLAND’S

 

Admiral Beresford Suggests Pian for Joint
Maneuvcrs,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpoy, June 5.--Vioe-Admiral Lord
Charles Beresford writes to the Standard
saying:
| “Iam hoping some arrangement may be
' made for an American and British battle
fleet to meet in blue water and undertake
some maneuvers together.

“Such a proposal will no doubt be of
intense interest to both navies and of equal
interest to hotb nations. Possibly the
rest of the wprld would view such a cir-
cumetance with more than languid atten-
tion ;

“Combined fleets of different nationali-
ties have in the past represented weak-
ness, not strength, owing to their different
methods of organization, drill and disci-
pline, and having nothing parallel in their
modes of signaling, maneuvering, 4c.,
added to the insuperable difficulty con-
nected with the diversity of languages and
sentiment.

“None of these difficulties exist with the
Americans and British. We can under-
stand each other, and we use very aimilar
methods in the management and adminis-
| tration of our fleets. I was most interested

to observe this fact when visiting the Ameri-
can Atlantic fleet under the command of
Rear Admiral Evans a few weeks ago.

“T have spoken of thie suggestion to the
foremost men and principal statesmen
of both countries. These gentlemen all
saw moat clearly the good that might accrue
from such an enterprise.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

THREE BREAK JAIN,

One Canght and a Morris County Posse
After the Others.
Morristown, N. J., June 4.—While the
prisonera in the Morris county jail were
| taking their customary exercise at | o'clock
this afternoon in the corridors of the prison
Albert Jones, William Stevens and Charles
Burns, alias Buckley, made their escape by
tearing off a screen in front of a window
facing the courtyard and breaking a steel
har which had recently been fixed after an
unsuccessful attempt of Jones to break jail
a month ago.
Jones had just heen sentenced to ten
i years in State prison and Stevens to six
years, both for burglary. Burns was await-

 

ing the action of the Grand Jury for holding ;
upand robbing an aged recluse a week ago. |

Stevens was caught a half hour after his
| escape by John Ridger, who had started in
purauit of the fugitives. The other two
men are being hunted by a posse under
Sheriff Rierson. They were last seen mak-
ing through the woods toward Mendham.

There was no one on watch while the
prisoners were in the corridora and the
first. the authorities knew of the eacape was
when Jail Warden Orr went to lock up the
cells for the afternoon. In getting to the
courtyard the three men were obliged to
scale a fence sixteen feet high.

Jones is deacribed as being 5 feet 10 inches
tall, smooth shaven.26 vears old and wearing
ablackderby. Burns is also smooth shaven,
80 years old. He had on a black derby hat
and no coat.

 

THE SECOND EMPIRE.

A new fast train on the New York Central leaves
Grand Centra! Station 2.30 P. M.: arrives Albany,
5:20; Utica, 7:14; Syracuse, 8:23; Rochester, 056;
Gaftalp. 11:80 P. M. No excess lare.—4de, .

TOGO VISITS ROJESTVENSKY.

Victor Goes to the Naval Hospital at
Sasebo.
Specta) Cable Despatch to THB Son.

Toxro; June 4—Admiral Togo visited
Admiral Rojestvensky at the hospital
at Sasebo to-day to inquire as to his con-
dition. Admiral Baron Yamamoto; Minister
of Marine, has sent a message of sympathy
to the Russian commander, and has assured
him that the surgeons of the hospital have
dren ordered to give him the very best of
attention.

Field Marshal Oyama reports some minor
»ekirmishes, and says there is no change
in the situation in the Changtu district.

 

 

GIRL SAVED BY CLOTHESLINES.
One Line Broke Her Fall and She Canght

 

By clinging to a clothesline which she
struck in her downward flight Miss Rebecca
Runnifin saved herself from probably fatal
injury yesterday afternoon when she fell
from a rear window of her home cou the
third floor of 889 Osborn street, East New
York. She had been skylarking near the
open window with some friends when she
Jost her balance and plunged out.

“ As she fell she threw out her arms wildly
in an endeavor to save berself. A clothes-
line at the second floor broke the force of
her fall, and when she struck the one
on the floor below she grasped hold of it
and held on for life. Luckily the young
woman is light and the clothesline did not
give way. It held her in the air a few feet
above the ground, to which she dropped
safely. Her friends would not believe that
she was unhurt and Dr. Glynn was called
from St. Mary’s Hoepital. He found her
Sneek more from fright than anything
else.

 

JIMMY HOPE BURIED.

| Two Carriage Loads of Flowers Follow the

Ex-Burglar’s Comin.

Jimmy Hope was buried yesterday from
his home, 693 Columbus avenue. Father
Kelly of Philadelphia, a friend of the family,
conducted the simple services. Severa.
friends of the ex-burglar were in attend-
ance anda large crowd of spectators watched
the coffin as it was borne to the hearse.

Immediately after the hearse came two

| carriages filled with flowers. Behind them
\ rode Hope's widow, two sons, two daughters
| andfour grandchildren, There were thirty-
| three carriages in the line.

Among those attending were Pat Sheedy, |

William H. Busteed, Congressman Tim

| Sullivan, William Pinkerton and Patrick

Keenan of New York, Charles Donnelly and
Shang Draper of Philadelphia.

Mr. Sheedy was taken iil shortly after

| the funeral and was confined to his room

at the Hotel Lincoln the remainder of the

day.
eee eerie
PASSENGER LOST OVERBOARD.

| Was Leaning Over the Taffrail to Look at
the Bluecher's Propellers.

When the Hamburg-American liner
Bluecher, in yesterday from Hamburg,
was in rnidocean Jast Wednesday night,
Friedrich Heine, a young German steerage
passenger, who had been skylarking with
another young German, leaned far over the

| taffrail to see the propellers revolve. The
| ship lurched and Heine tumbled into the sea.
| The ship was stopped and retraced her

| course, steaming more than an hour in the |

! neighborhood of the place. Heine was not
seen. The ship's officers say he might bave
been hit and killed by one of the propellers.

| The cabin passengers took up a subscription |

of $200 for his sister, who accompanied him.

| POLICE HUNT FORTHIEF MONKEY

 

 

| Who Stole Little Girl's Bracelet and

Vanished fn Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, June 4.—The police are
scouring all West Philadelphia for a pet
| monkey which ran away from the home of

 

Richard Carruth, a wealthy manufacturer, |
of 4239 Spruce street, taking with him a |
belonging to Car- |

ruth's ten-year-old daughter Marie, this
afternoon.

The little girl was playing with the brace-
| Jet, which ber father had brought her from
| Europe, when the monkey, which was a pet

in the house, grabbed it and ran.
girl ran after the monkey. The monkey
darted down stairs and out of the house.
Marie was unable to follow.

Vord was immediately sent to the Spruce
street station and a cletail of policemen
were assigned to search for the missing
monkey

DURAND, HEAD OF CRICKETERS.

{eonay chain bracelet
|
|
'

 

t
|
| Will Be President of Clab Formed by Engf-
\ lish Servants at Lenox.
| PITTSFIELD, Mass.; June 4.—Sir Mortimer
| Durand, the British Ambassador, has been
| elected president of the Lenox Cricket Club.
| The cluh is composed of Englishmen who
! are employed as butlers and servants in
| Lenox country houses.
| Last autumn the Ambassador signified
his desire to participate in its games and
played a number of matches which attracted
much notice. Af the annual meeting of the
|
|
|
|
|
|

club Saturday tbe diplomat was chosen ite

president, and he will accept.

 

LIGHTSHIPS REACH FRISCO.

Complete Successful Voyage Around Cape
Horn—?two Men Went Insane.

SAN Francisco, June 4.--After a long
trip of 110 days from New York, relief light-
ship No. 76 and Blunts Reef lightship No.
83 arrived to-day. Each has a crew of
eighteen officers and men. Each cost
$95,000 and the cost of bringing them out
| will be $15,000 each. The Government
| could have built them here for less money.

‘wo men went insane onthetrip. Thechief
mate of No. 76 confirms the report that
.zold was brought up byv®the anchor while
the vesse) was in Columbine Cove, Magel-
lan Straits, but no one analyzed the specks
found on the anchor and members of the
crew cleclared they might have been mica.

RESCUED BOY BY LAMPLIGHT.

Why Harry Hatton Needed Dry Clothes
When He Calied at Bellevue,
Harry Hatton, a clerk who lives at 14
Fast 143d street, walked into Bellevue
Hospital last night without a dry rag on
him and asked for a change of clothing.
| It was given him gladly after he had told
| how he came to be dripping wet.
{ A boy had fallen from the New York
Yacht Club pier at East) Twenty-third
street and Hatton jumped in after him

 

 

 

and rescued him. He was aided by a light |

from a launch beionging to one of the
yachtsman.

Hatton did not. know the name of the boy.
The police had no record of the incident.

The little |

ASKS TIME T0
REPAIR SHIPS,

——- ae
Russian Admiral Wants to
Stay in the Harbor
Of Manila,

|
|
{

est

OLEG THE MOST DAMAGED.

a

Sixty Days Will Be Required to
Put Her in Condition.

 

 

Prestdent to Decide the Question To-day
—Washington Thinks Cruisers Will Be
Interned—American Board Examines
Them—Wounded Sent Ashore to the
Hospital at Cavfte—Three Ships Lost
Forty-eight Killed and 135 Wounded
—Crews Tell of Fight—Expected Victory

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
MANILA, June 4.—Rear Admiral Enquist,
| the commander of the Russian squadron
| that arrived here yesterday, has asked for
! time in which to repair, coal and provision
his ships.

Admiral Enquist says that his squadron
| was complete when®it entered the fight
on the morning of May 27. He exchanged
| ghote with the enemy at 10,000 yards. He
attempted to pierce the Japanese line
| and make a dash for Vladivostok, but he

{ was attacked by cruisers and torpedo

| boats and forced to make a running figh
The main attack of the Japanese was
| coeeae sie on tbe Russian battleships.

His own flagship was sunk and he trans-
ferred his flag to the Aurora. He was
ultimately forced to flee to the southwest,
taking the course at 10 o'clock Saturday
night, and succeeded in making his escape
with three of his ships in the darkness.
He headed for Shanghai.

A heavy sea was running, which threat-
ened to swamp the vessels owing to their
injuries below the water line. andin order
to ease them as much as possible he headed
tothesouth. He saw nothing of the enemy
{ and sighted only a few merchantmen until
he encountered the formidable American
squadron off Luzon.

The Admiral added that the battle was
fought all day Saturday, during misty
weather. The high sea caused the warships
to roll and, pitch heavily, exposing their
| hulls below the water line to the shells of the
enemy.
| The Russians did not

 

 

 

 

know that the

| fight had continued Sunday, and they wero °
| dumfounded when they received the news

of the result. The officers state that the

crews served their guns heroically, but

could not withstand the terrific fire of the’
Japanese and the torpedo attacks. Opinions

vary as to the presence of submarine boats

in the battle. The warships here are so

badly damaged that they are forced to

keep their pumps going continually.

It has been learned that Admiral Enquist
has stated that the ships would not be
able to take aboard enough fue] to per-
mit them to reach Vladivostok, as its weight
would sink the bulls below their many in-
secure patcbes, The vessels undoubtedly
will be interned here.

CREWS EXPECTED VICTORY.

|
}
|
|

The crews appear to be heartbroken.
They declare that they anticipated a victory
owing to the training which they under-
went after leaving Russia. They are thank-
| ful, however, that they escaped, and say
| they want no more fighting. They will
| be glad to remain in Manila. They under-
| went a horrible strain for seven days and
nights, fearing either pursuit by the Jap-
anese or that their vessels would sink be-
neath them.

Forty-eight men of this squadron were ,

killed and 135 wounded. Thirty-nins

wounded sailors and tio officers, includ-
ing Prinoe Puteaten (?), who are in a serious
| condition, were taken to the Cavite Hospital
this afternoon.
assisting the Russian doctors in treating
the wounded remaining on board the war-
ships.

EXAMINING THE SHIPS.

An investigating board appointed by
Admiral Train, with the concurrenoe of
| Gov. Wright, is composed of Commander

Calkins, Lieutenant-Commander McElroy

and Carpenter Harding.
| The investigating board estimates that
| repairs to the Oleg will occupy sixty daya,
| to the Aurora thirty days, and to the Zemt-
| ante seven days. Admiral Enquist hae
| asked the privilege of repairing here. The
| Government at Washington has been asked
to acoade to his request.

| The ships appear to be reasonably clean.
| All the damage they sustained was caused
| by shells. It is not believed that they
were torpedoed.

The Oleg has ten holes in the starboard
side, three of them immediately over her
main battery, and two on the port side.
| The Aurora has six holes on the starboard
| side, one being four feet in diameter, and
two on the port side. Her funnel is de-
stroyed,

a large hole in her hull.
| is flooded, and she has a slight list to star-

| full capacity.

The numerous hits on

American surgeons are —

The Aemtchug has no visible hits except ,
in her funnels, but she reports that she has.:
Her wardroorn ;

board. Her pumps are working to their '

the starboard 4
sides of the vessel indicate that she occupied "