————————

‘VOL LXXIV.—KNQ 351.

  

SLIENISTS 10 TEST MRS, EDDY

«COMPANY MWASTERS
V/sil TO PLEASANT VIEW.

 

wid ON

 

reiters Written by Mrs, eddy Read in Court
Comptains That Her Children Are
literate and That Calvin A. Frye Is
Most Dtsagrecatic, but He Is Honest.

corp, N. H., Aug. 16.—In the masters’
sory as to the business ompability of
Marv Baker G. Eddy two significant points
cope prominent in to-day's hearing. ne
was the question of introducing as evi-
cence letters by Mrs. Eddy in her own hand-
criting by which the plaintiffa seek to
opove that he has been influenced in her
pusiness affairs and in her attitude toward
her son and her adopted son by the power
called malicious animal magnetiom. The
second referred to the application of Sen-
ator Chandler that the plaintiffe be al-
lowed to send alienists to Pleasant View
+o examine into Mrs. Eddy's mental con-
rien

The matter of introducing letters was
decided favorably to the plaintiffs, pro-
vided the letters are not dated back of
69). It was laid down by the masters,
however, that these letters must show a
direct connection between her so-called
delusions and specific business matters or
persons connected therewith or specific
relatives or next friends named in the
original bill

To prectically all the rulings on the sub-
ject of letters and to the admission of
letters read Gen. Streeter, in behalf of
Mrs. Eddy, made formal exception. A
large number of letters were read. They
created much interest because they were
in the handwriting of Mra. Eddy. Jn one
of these letters addressed to her “Dear son
George William Glover” and dated Con-
cord, N. HL, April 27, 1898, Mrs. Eddy de-
fends the purity of her life and of her work
and says the test is the fruits shown by the
works. She says:

My life is as pure as that of the angele,”
refers to the great growth of Christian
Science and of her own prominence as its
funder and then writes as follows:

‘Now what of my circumstances? I name
first my home, which of all places on earth
« rhe one in which to find peace and enjoy-
ment. But my home is simply a house
and a beautiful landseape. There ie not
ene in it that L love only as I love every-
body. | have no congeniality with my
Leip inside of my house; they are no com-
panions and searcely fit to be my help.

“I adopted a son, hoping he would take
Mr. Frye’s place as my bookkeeper, and
man of all work that belongs to man. But
my tral of him has proved another dis-
appointment. His books could not be
audited, they were so incorrect, &c., &c.

“Mr. Frye is the most disagreeable man
that can be found, but this he is, namely (if
there is one on earth), an honest man, as all
will tell you who deal with him. At first
mesmerism swayed him, but he turned
throngh my forbearance to govern himeelr.
He is a man that would not steal, commit
adultery or fornication, or break one of the
Ten Commandments. I have now done,
but I aould write a volume on what I have
touched upon.

“One thing is the severest wound of all,
namely, the want of education among
those nearest to mein kin. I would gladiy
give every dollar I possess te have one or
two or three that are nearest to me on earth
poasess a thorough education.

“If you had been educated aa I intend to
have you, to-day you would, would, be
made president of the U. 8. letters
to me are so minspelied that I blushed to
read them. ;

“You pronounced your words so wrongly
and then she epells them accordingly.

your words as you do, but for thie thing
! should be honored by your good manners,
and I love you. With love to all,

’ Mary Baxgr Eppy.

*P. S--My letter is eo short I add a post-
script. I have tried about one doren book-
keepers and bad to give them all up, either
for dishonesty. or incapacity.

“I have not had my
five yeare, and Mr. Ladd, who is
for this, audited them last week and
me his certificate that they are all right,
except in some places net quite plain, and
he showed Prye how to correct that. Then
he, Frye, gave me a check for that amount
before I knew about it.

“The alight mistake occurred four years
ago and he could not remember about the
things, but Mr. Ladd told me thst he knew
it wae only not set down in e coherent way;
‘or ln other parts of the book he could trace

a6 | know he is, and a woman that can fill
his position I shall do it. But I have no
time to receive , to call on others,
or to go out of my house only to drive. Am

always driven with work for others, but
nobody to help me to get help euch as
I would choose. Again, . Moruss.”

In @ letter to her son, Dr. E. J.
Foster Eddy, dated March 17, 1807, Mre.
Eddy said:

“But you were govered by hypnotism
te work against me,” referring to incidents
Connected with the dismissal of Dr. Eddy
from relationship with a Philadelphia
church.

In another letter to Dr. Eddy Mre. Eddy
used the expression “You are better to be
removed from M. A. M. [malicious animal
magnetism) in Boston.”

Io another letter of Mre. Eddy’s read in
court Col. Sabin, an editor, is advieed that
™menta) influences were at work to secure
his admission of anti-Christian articles
‘nto his columns,and warns the editor to
“resiat the powor unseen on mental mal-
pracnoe that would lure you back to the
flesh and evil.”

Many other Jetters were read whioh, ao-
‘orang to the ruling of the masters, came
Within the soope of the investigation, and
‘heir general trend showed an affectionate
dispesition toward George W. Glover and
his family, until that of August 21, 1900,
which notified her son that she “should
throw no more money away on him and
8 Tamily.” and that from that date her
vule that her secretary should first read
‘er letters would apply to Glover as weil
*8 other correspondents.

The second interesting phase of the day's
hearing related to the admission of alienists

"eascnt View for the purpose of examin-
"* Ins Eddy's mental competency on
“eLall of the plaintiffs. Senator Chandler

 

(rr i ee re eS SSS Ss i NS

   

*NEW

  

asked that three alienists be allowed to

visit Mra. Eddy.

After argument by counsel Judge
Aldrich said: “We desire to reiterate the
idea that thie suit is, at least in theory,
4 friendly suit, and we desire so to con-
duct the hearing as not to offend the
usual course of justios, and so far as Mrs.
Eddy is concerned we shall treat her as
we would the case of any party who ie under
the limitations which natural conditions
under ordinary circumstances impose on
humanity in general at 87, and before con-
sidering the question whether we have the
power we present the following plan as a
tentative suggestion, and as something

 

 

 

    

CITY CONTRACTS MAY STOP

 

UNLESS SOME OF THE OVERDUE

PAYMENTS ARE MET, |
|

 

The Big Contractors Are Taking Bonds, but
the Little Fellows Want Cash —McCooey
Net Alarmed —Coler Butts In by Offer-
ine to Take His Salary in Bonds. |

The failure of the last two bond sales is |
imposing great hardship on some of the |
smaller contractors who are doing work |

“

which counsel, perhaps, will agree to on! for the city. They are unable to get the

both sides:

“Mr. Chandler to name two alienists
who may go at such times as the masters
and counsel go, who may obrerve Mrs.
Eddy'’s physical and mental appearance
under examination by the masters and
counsel and make tests for themselves in
the presence and under the direction of
Mr. Chandler in the presence of the masters.”

Gen. Streeter said that the suggestion
Was a new one and was not sure but that it
would be acceptable to himself and asso-
ciates, and asked time for a conference.

After the conference Gen. Streeter said
that the suggestion to have alienists go to
Pleasant View seemed to be a good solu-
tion, but he wanted time to make formal
answer to the suggestion of the masters.

It wes generally understood to-night
that the defence would in effect accept the
suggestions and that Mrs. Eddy is to be
examined by others than the board of
masters.

 

OUIDA SUES FOR 410,000.
Allowed Two Beigians to Escape Privon,
but They Didn't Pay for Damages.

Spectat Cable Despatch to Tae Sun
Lonpon, Aug: 17.--The Milan corre-

spondent of the Chronicle says that Ouida
(Louise de la Ramee), the novelist, has
begun a lawsuit against two sons of the
Belgian Consul at Lucca, Tuscany, for
$10,000 damages. Ouida some time ago
summoned the defendants for unlawfully
entering her domicile and they were sen-
tenced to imprisonment. They appealed
and the higher court confirmed the sen-
tence.

Ouida, in order to save them from im-

| within a few days.

money due them, and as many have not
a large working capital the situation is
rather serious for them. In the last few
days many of these contractors have
visited the Finance Department and have
told Deputy Comptroller McCooey that
unless they can have something on ac-
count they will have to lay off their men
and stop work on their contracts.

The contractors with plenty of resources
behind them have consented to liquidate
part of their claims by taking the city’s |
unsold bonds, and it is due to the action
of, these men in taking the bonds down to
Wall Street and selling them at a discount
that the price of the municipality's stock |
has fallen at times to about 3 points below
par. a

The seriousness of the situation of the
smal] contractors can be sized up when it
is stated that in June the city sought to
sell $20,000,000 of bonds and on Monday
last $15,000,000 worth. This money was |
needed for carrying on public improve- |
ments. Of the two authorized issues only |
about $8,000,000 have been sold, and the
rate at which bonds are being sol “over |
the counter” is not more than $100,000 .a
day so far, and this includes the bonds |
taken up by the contractors in part pay-
ment.

Deputy Comptroller McCooey is telling
the contractors who are calling on him
to say that they must have money if they
are to continue work that there is no need
for them to worry because money is com-
ing in fast enough to pay all their claima
The same promise
was made to them in June when the bond

prisonment, consentedyto the case being | 214 of that month failed, and on the

annulled on their undertaking to pay an
indemnity. Their
this agreement led to the present suit.
WERE COPS GRAFTING?
Something Queer Abont the Pickup of Two
Polieemen.

An excited Italian went to the Mac-
dougal street station yesterday afternoon
and told Capt. Hodgins and Lieut. Barry
that two policemen were trying to collect
graft from pushcart men in West Houston
street. Capt. Hodgins sent Sergt. Kenny
and Policeman H'Lavac to investigate, and
they returned with four Italians and two
men who said they were policemen of the
Mercer street station.

Capt. Hodgins sent for Capt. Myles
O'Reilly of Mercer street, who turned up
with a patrol wagon. After hearing the
stories of the Italians he took the six men
to the Mercer street station.

When these facts were learned last night
an effort was made by the police to withhold
back all information about the policemen
involved and the nature of the charges
against them. Capt. O'Reilly denied
that he knew anything about the case
and agid that if he had done any investigat-
ing diving the afternobn he had reparted
to hie superiors.

There was a memorandum at the Mac-
dougal street station which had the names
of Policemen Martin A. Early and John
Shea of the Mercer street station. The
lieutenant said they were the policemen
who had been brought in with the Italians.

Lieut. Noble, who wae at the desk at the
Mercer street station last night, said he
didn’t know of any investigation involving
Early and Shea. He said that they were
both on post. He wouldn't tell where
their poste were on account of a police rule
forbidding men on patrol from doing any
talking.

 

MAY REVOKE AUTO LICENSES.

Now Jersey Officials Determined to Stop
Reckless Speeding.

PLaINFIELD, N. J., Aug. 16.--Prompted
by the numerous automobile accidents at
Bernardsville, especially the one on Wednes-
day afternoon which resulted in the death
of three persons, the officials of Bernards
township bave taken steps to check reck-
less speeding in that section. State Sena-
tor Joseph 8. Frelinghuysen, the father of
the State auto law, also has been aroused
to action by the conditions and through
him State Automobile Commiasioner J. B. R.
Smith is to be interested in the reform.

Senator Frelinghuysen is so stirred by the
increasing number of nutomobile accidents
throughout the State that he suggests the
forfeiture of licenses as a punishment for

In a letter to Commissioner
Smith he advised that a general notice be
sent out to the effect that all licenses will be
revoked on second notice of violation of
the speed law.

It is eaid that such accidents were in mind
when the Legislature passed Frelinghuy -
sen’s arnendment to the auto law providing
for the appointment of sixteen inspectors
to guard against them. Gov Stokes vetoed
it while Mr. Frelinghuysen was ill.

Acting on an appeal from a member of
the Bernards Township Committee, Senator
Frelinghuysen haa asked Commissioner
Smith to detail a special automobile police-
man to the Bernards district. This has
been done, and similar action is likely to be
taken in other parts of the State where
oocasion requires.

 

IN HARMONY OVER MOROCCO.

————

Special Cadle Despatch to TAB Sun.

Maparp, Aug. 16-—The French and
Spanish Governments have reached a
complete agreement regarding the em-
ployment of the troops of each nation
in Morocco. Instructions have been wired,
accordingly, to the Spanish, commander
at Casablanca. '

 

TWO KILLED RY FALLING GIRDER,

Iren Beam Drops Through Reof of St.
James Hotel. Philadeiphia.
PRILADELPAIA, Aug. 16.—A heavy iron

fell through the roof of the St. James
ont on Walnut etreet, shortly before 2
o"

this afternoon. Two negro laborers
wero instantly killed and ex waiters injured.

strength of assurances that the succeeding

non-compliance with | bond sale would provide all the money

needed many of the contractors continued
to do business by borrowing capital on
promissory notes. These notes are now
maturing and the contractors are afraid
that they will have to apply for extensions,
which will mean that they will have to pay
something for the accommodation.

Mr. McCooey professed yesterday to see
nothing alarming in the situation. He be-
lieves that there is merely a temporary
stringency in the money market and that
when this is over the city would be able
to dispose of its securities without difficulty
and without having to attract buying by
raising the rate of interest. Unless Mr,
MeCooey's optimistic outlook is realized
soon the city is likely to find itself in a very
bad way because there is now owing on
contract or for work actually completed at
least $3,000,000 and on the first of next
month $7,000,000 will be added to this in-
debtedness.

Mr. McCooey said yesterday that while
an effort was being made to pay off some
of the contractors in bonds those who were
erecting and equipping new schools were
being paid in cash and that there would
be no impediment to the fulfilment of the
contracts for the opening of the new schools
which the city has provided shall be finished
in September.

President Coler of Brooklyn, who never
loses an opportunity to get in a dig at. Comp-
troller Metz, went to the trouble yesterday
of preparing a statement for distribution
to the newspapers in which he declared
that if the claims against the city by con-
tractors were to be paid in bonds it might
be as well to extend the idea to the payment
of salaries, “and,” added Coler, “I desire
to be the first elected official on the city's
payroll to take the city’s notes in satisfac-
tion of my salary claims.”

Mr. Coler's salary, it may be stated, has
been paid up to date.

PRINCE PARDONED BY KAISER.

Jeachim Albreeitf Waaitmed to South
Africa, te Be Reinstaied in Army.
Spectal Caudle Despatch to Tus SuN

Vienna, Aug. 16.—The Neve Freie Prease
says that the Kaiser bas ; ardoned Prince
Joachim Albrecht of Prussia, who was
banished to German Southwest Africa to
separate him from the Baroness Lieben-
burg, who is better known as Marie Sulzer,
the actreas, whom the Prince intended to
marry. He will ret rn to Berlin next
month and will be reinstated in the army.

The love affair of Prince Joachim and
Marie Sulzer caused extensive comment in
Europe @everal months ago. If the Prince
married a woman not belonging to the
nobility he would have been completely
banished from the Prussian court. To get
around this difficulty it was arranged that
the actress should marry Baron Lieben-
burg, who was then living obscurely in
London, and that the latter should then
give hie wife grounds for divorce, after
Balch, having a title, she could marry the

ince.

The whole affair was arranged through
a matrimonial agent, who agreed to pay
the Baron $3,750 when the first marriage
was accomplished and a similar amount
when a decree 6f divorce should be granted.
The Baron had never seen Miss Sulzor
until they met at the registrar's office,
w they were marri Immediately
after the ceremony the Baron departed
with the agent for the Continent to qualify
for divoroe.

Meanwhile the Kaiser, learnin,
tails of the affair, abruptly broke up the
romance by orderi he Prince trans-
ferred to the German forces in Africa. The
Baroness received a gentle hint from the
authorities that it would be wel) if she left
the country, which she did.

GOVERNOR'S SON LICKS A NEGRO,

Dr. Blanchard of Louisiana Uses Sabre on
Insolent Pullman Car Porter.
Saneveront, La., Aug. i6.—Dr. J. Ash-
ton Blanchard, a son of Gov. Blanchard
and a Major in the State militia, beat a |

the de-

 

 

negro porter in a Pullman car on a Texas |
and Pacific train to-day, using his sabre for
@ weapon

The negro when requested by some ladies
to open windows answered insolently, it is
said, and the thrashing resulted.

An Ohio man in the car expressed his
opinion freely to other men present and |
one of the Louisianians gave him a beating
and two black eyes. |
that the negro had bebe Tepenteaiy resorted

negro
to headquarters for insolence.

 

YORK. SATURDAY. AUGUST Ss
ment iy evevaron raul. | MISSING BATHBR OW ASTEAMER |

| Before

17,

    
     

Two Women and a Boy Injured in Upto
Apartment House.
Three persons were injured last evening
in an elevator car which fell six atories at
the Belifonte apartment house, at 516 West

| 148d street. Mra. Clotilda Keller, who lives

on the sixth floor, had? a leg broken; Miss
Winnie Diefenbrook, her sister, aleo had
a broken leg, and Adolph Keller, 4 years
old, a aon of Mrs. Keller, was burt on the
legs. Doctors from the J. Hood Wright
and Washington Heights hospital, attended
them and they were taken to Mrs. Keller's
apartments.

Mrs. Keller, with her son and Miss Diefen-
brook and Elsie Miller, a maid, entered the
elevator, which is a small car run by eleo-
tricity, at the street floor. Their apart-
ment is on the top floor. There were no
other passengers, and William Webb, in
charge of the car, turned the power on full

speed. At the fifth floor Webb threw off | at a time when the beach isn't crowded. | Press.
his |

the lever and applied the brake, but the
clutch failed to work. Instead of slowing
down the car hit the top of the shaft with a
crash that could be heard in the street.
The car stopped as if jammed to the roof
and then shot down. As it gained mo-
mentum the inner structure shook and

; there was a shower of oil and dirt. One

of the women screamed, but her voice could
just be heard above thedin. Miss Diefen-
brook fainted.

The car hit the ground with such force
that it rebounded several times before it
finally settled inthe cellar. Everybody was
thrown to the floor of the car.

Sergt. Francis Stamkamp of the West
125th street police station and Policemen

| Metz and Trainor, who were in the neighbor-

hood, heard the noise and arrived in time to
help the injured. Physicians in the neigh-
borhood came in and temporary cote were
rigged up on benches near the furnace room.

The elevato? shaft is at the south end of
the building. There was a good deal of
excitement in the neighborhood. A crowd
gathered and the ambulance doctors and
the police had trouble in getting at the
injured. Volunteers were called for and
the injured persons carried up stairs.

DID PRESIDENT’S SPEECH LEAK?

Loe Won't Say One Way or T'other —Pians
for Voyage te Provinectown.

Orster Bay, Aug. 16.—The converted
yacht Mayflower, which is to convey Presi-
dent Roosevelt to Provincetown, Mass., on
Monday to attend the anniversary of the
landing of the Pilgrims on Tuesday, arrived
in the harbor early this morning. The
President is to leave here at 10 o'clock in
the morning and will be escorted by two
torpedo boats. In case of a heavy fog,
which would be likely to delay the Presi-
dent's arrival, he will leave the Mayflower
and board one of the torpedo boats, which
are capable of greater speed than the May-
flower.

The yacht will be met at Provincetown by
the fleet of eight warships, the Alabama,
Illinois, Kearsarge, West Virginia, New
Jersey, Georgia, Rhode Island and Ken-
tucky. Rear Admiral Davie and Rear
Admiral Thomas will be in command.

Secretary Loeb declined to-day to dis-
cuss the story that the speech which thé
President is to make at Provincetown leaked
in Wall Street. He said he wouldn't deny
the story because he didn’t know, and if
he ufirmed it Wall Street would be satisfied
that it knew what the President was going
to gay.

The President was out in his yacht, the
Sylph. for a short cruise around the Sound
this morning.

BROKER HANGS HIMSELF.

izra Lincoln Commits Suicide in His Home
in New Jersey—Had Been Melancholy.

Rep Bank, N. J., Aug. 16.—Ezra Lincoln,
a New York broker and son of Lowell Lin-
coln of Locust Point, committed suicide last
night by hanging himself. He had been
melancholy for several months. It is said
that he became a Christian Scientist some
time ago and that he had refused medicine.

Mr. Lincoln attended to his business in
New York yesterday and reached his father's
house at the usual hour in the afternoon.
After dinner he took a short walk. A light
was seen in his room at 11 o'clock.

When a servant went to arouse him this
morning there was no response. The door
was not locked and when the caretaker of
the place opened it he found Mr. Lincoln's
body in a crouching attitude with a noose
of a bathrobe rope tied about his neck and
the other end fast to a bedpoet. Mr. Lin-
coln was 36 years old and unmarried. His
New York office was at 18 Wall street

 

NEW OFFER TO GOV, TAYLOR.

Gov. Beckham Expected to Back Up Ken-
tueky Presecutor’s Immunity Guarantee,

Lovisvirie, Aug. 16.—The efforts of
Commonwealth's Attorney Robert B. Frank-
lin to get Gov. W. S. Taylor to come here
and testify in the next trial of Caleb Powers,
charged with procuring the assassination
of Senator William Goebel, by offering Taylor
immunity if he wil} come to Kentucky has
resulted in Franklin asking Gov. Beokham
to lend his official power to that end

Mr. Franklin has submitted a letter to
the Governor asking him to also guarantee
immunity to the fugitive if he will come
from his Indiana retreat. The quaran*ee
will be made on the condition that Taytor
will not refuse to answer questions harause
of fear of incriminating himself.

The Governor has not yet acted on the
suggestion, but ft is said at the Executive
Department that the offer of immunity to
Taylor will be made and that Taylor will
be allowed to return to Indiana without
being arrested.

PERSISTENT DESIRE TO DIE.

Yeung Weman, Convicted of Attempted
Suicide, Tries to Mill Herself in Tombs.

Regina Goldner, a young woman who had
been convicted by a jury in General Sessions
of at suicide, tried to kill herself
in the Tombe yesterday afternoon. She
jumped from a tier where the women
prisoners are kept to a court ten feet below.
She was taken to Bellevue Hospital and
will recover.

The young woman has had many troubles.
She has attempted suicide several times.
Dr. Gregory,in charge of the psychopathic
ward at Bellevue Hospital, says she has a

| most pronounced case of hysteria, but she

is not insane.

After Judge Crane in General Sessions
terday had sentenced her to the Bedford
‘ormatory she was taken to the Tombs.

ahe was brougsxt to the court she
had made two futile attempts at suicide
in the Tombs. Although she had been
watched carefully, she eluded the matron
after she had been taken-from court.

Ser GE Suche a eoRkS Lak Rak

 

 

|

 

 

 

 

1907 .—Copurtont. 1007, dy The Sun Printing and Publiahing Association.

SaTuapat, Avast 17, 1907.
Showers to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow;
fresh southerly winds.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

  

 

HOW DID MR. COLELL GET SO FAR |

FROM ROCKAWAY?

for a Plunge and Disappeared — Wire-
less Says He's on a Charieston Ship.

Edward Hugo Colell, a well known Brook-
lyn musician, is on his way by steamship
to Charleston, 8. C., and hie only raiment
isa bathing suit. At least that is all he wore
when he left hie home at Atlantic and Tenth
avenues, Rockaway Park, about 1 o'clock

| Wednesday morning.

Mr. Cole) is 52 years old, but an enthusias-
tic swimmer. He prefers to take his dips

Accordingly on Wednesday he left
residence at Rockaway a little before 1
A. M. clad in his bathing suit and a bath-
robe. When he had not returned at break-
fast time Mrs. Colell became greatly
alarmed. Her son Carl hurried to the
police station and reported the case.

A squad of policemen were sent out to |

search. They found Colell's bathrobe on
the beach at the spot where he usually en-

TO MORTGAGE
The Rutiding, That tb—Doing NH to Gav
Intoreet on Bonds.

The sachems of the Tammany Society
have decided to mortgage its Fourteenth

—_—_ | gtiteot building f 000 to retire an equal
Kiderty Man, Following His Custom, Went |
to the Beach About I A. M. Wedneefay |

amount of outstanding bonds. The rea-
son for the refunding is that the sacheme

' found that they could negotiate a long |

time loan at 4% per cent., while the interest

| is 6 per cent. Thies $87,000 mortgage is

 

CHAS. EMORY SMITH TO WED.

His Second Wife Will Be Miss Nettie Nichols
of This City.

The engagement is announced of Miss

Nettie Nichole of New York to Charles

| Emory Smith, editor of

Miss Nichols is the daughter of Mrs.
| Washington Romaine Nichols and the
| sister of Mre. James Francis Sullivan of
Philadelphia and Mrs. Oscar Livingston
of New York. Her father, who died some
| years ago, wasa lawyer. Her great grand-
| father was Benjamin Romaine, who was
| the second Comptroller of New York. The
wedding will, it is expected, take place in
| October at Elberon, the summer home of
the family.
| Mr. Smith was Postmaster-General in

the Philadelphia

rawmany act! FATHER'S SLAYER SBT FREE

 

NO DOUBT AROUT JURY'S FEEL-
INGS, BUT A QUEER VERDICT.

 

Jurors and Spectators Weep When They
Hear Girl's Story—Pathetic Court
Scenes —Didin't Sheet at Father, but
Wanted Help as She Meld 1) ing Mother.

| which is being paid on the present bonds |  1¢ took a Coroner's jury one minute and

a half yesterday afternoon to decide the

| the laat of the indebtedness on the building. | guiit or innocence of Mrs. Madeline Wase-

ner Langlotz.

“We find,” the jury reported, “that Mrs.
Gustav Wassner came to her death from
bullet wounds inflicted by a pistol in the
hands of Gustav Wassner, and we find that
Gustav Wassner came to his death from a
| bullet wound from a pistol in the hands

of an unknown person.”

“That means, gentlemen,” said Coroner
Harburger, “that this prisoner is dischar ze 1.
Young woman, you may go.”

i The young woman staggered to her
feet and through her tears murmured,

“I thank you.”

The foreman of the jury asked the
Coroner not to adjourn court immediately,

; as the jury had another matter to attend

tered the surf. This created the fear that | the McKinley and Roosevelt Cabinets and | to before Mrs. Langlotz left, It Wa@ ar-
he was drowned. The general opinion ; was Minister to Russia from 1990 to 1802. | ranged swiftly. The jurors took up @
around Rockaway has been that Mr. Colell | He is a widower. His first wife was Ella | oojjection and a good sized sum was handed

was taken ill or seized with cramps while |

in the water.

A gentral alarm was sent out by the police
for the man, and each day since his dis-
appearance the beach has been patrolled
and men in boate have dragged for the
body.

Last night Mrs. Colell and Iter son Carl
went to the Rockaway police station and
rather startled the lieutenant in charge
by announcing that Colell was safe. Mrs.

Colell had received a telegram sent from {

Atlantic City, she explained. It said that
the wireless station there had been notified
by a passing ship out at sea that Colell
was on board. The message also said that
the ship was bound for Charleston and
other Southern ports.

The operator at the wireless station at
Atlantic City said last night that he had
received a message earlier in the day from
the Clyde Line steamship Huron. He said
the message was one of fifty-four words
from Edward H. Colell to his wife at Rock -
away. In the message Colell said:

“I am on the Charleston steamer. Com-
ing home.”

The remainder of the message had to do
with personal matters, especially life in-
surance policies.

The Huron left this city for Charleston
and other Southern perts at 4 o'clock
Wednesday afternoon. She is due at
Charleston to-day.

From Rockaway Beach to the lane of
the southbound ehips is something of
a ewim, ten or twelve miles at least.
All Rockaway expects to hear an _ inter-
esting yarn from Colell when he lands in
South Carolina and returns to his home.

Mr. Colell was prominent in Brooklyn
musical circles for many years. He was
manager of many concerts and was instru-
‘mental in bringing singers from abroad to
appear in concert here. For several years
he bad been a member of the real estate
firm of Colell & Fitch of this city.

Mrs. Colell refused to see reporters who
went to her home yesterday morning.
Later in the day Carl Colell called a Brook-
lyn newspaper on the telephone and re-
quested that it not be positively stated
that his father had been drowned. Young
Coleli would not state why he made this
request or if he had reason to believe that
his father was alive.

 

Coal Laden Vessel Out of Norfolk Reported
to Have Sunk With 19 on Beard.

Norrouk, Aug. 16.--Capt. Johnson, mas-
ter of the bark Prussia, out from Norfolk
and reported lost at Flinders Bay, Australia,
with her master, four seamen and fourteen
passengers, was a resident of Honolulu, a
Norwegian by birth, and a man of large
means. He was here for two months last
winter. To Charles G. Curran, one of the
many friends he made, he said he had taken
out papere, meaning to become an American
citizen, and talked of his investments in
Hawaii. He owned sugar plantations and
exhibited checks received from them for
dividends.

Johneon also said that he was alone in
the world and had no relatives. The report
that there was more than one passenger
aboard the bark when she was lost is believed
to be ineorrect. She is not reported to
have touched anywhere south of Norfolk
and had no room for passengers, even her
forecastie being filled with coal. She
carried a crew of nine men.

 

ALL ROOSEVELT’S FRIENDS.

President to Add Another to His List of
Persona) Followers in New Mexico.

Ex Paso, Tex., Aug. 16.~-On the request
of the President Judge Albert B. Fall has
consented to become Attorney-General of |
the Territory of New Mexico. The Presi- |
dent now has personal friends in all the |
high offices in the Territory. Capt. George |
Curry, the Governor, was a Rough Rider
and is a close friend of the President. Judge
Fall was a volunteer Captain in the Spanish
war, and Major W. H. H. Liewellyn, United
States District Attorney for the Territory,
wae an officer in the Rough Riders and friend |
of Mr. Roosevelt. }

There are a number of lesser otticials, too,
who are friends of the President, many of |
them having been his comrades in the Span- |

ish war.

Judge Fall, who was Attorney-General of
New xioo in the Cleveland régime and
was also a member of the Supreme Court
of New Mexico under the same Administra- |
tion, is, like Gov. Curry, a Roosevelt man. ,
Both Curry and Fall have always held Demo-
cratic offices till now, but they declare they
are for Roosevelt and Taft no matter who
runs.

oe ee ee ee

SHIPS GATHER FOR MANG@UVRES,

. qnasieduetenans
Nerth Atlantic Fleet Assembling at Hamp-

ton Heads.

Norrousn, Aug. 16.-—-The warships of the
North Atlantic fleet are reassembling in
Hampton Roads preparatory to the ma.
neuvres soon to begin on the Atlantic coast
hetween the Virginia capés and Cape Cod.
The battleships necticut and Minnesota
came to-day. The Vermont, Missouri and
Louisiana were already here.

 

that made tse bighbaligiamoun== adn

5
wz
3
=
i)
&
=
=
|=
=
=
be —
=
¢
%
—
.
ce ene nati i SSeS etfs SSS

 

Huntley, who died on August 9, 1906.
SECRETARY TAFT'’S TRIP.

| Japan First, Then the Philippines; Will Ree
| turn via Siherta.
Wasaincton, Aug. 16.—-The itinerary of
| Seoretary of War Taft after leaving Seattle
| was made public to-day as follows: Leave
Seattle (ship Minnesota), September 10,
| due Yokohama September 25, Kobe Sep-
| tember 20, Nagasaki October 4, Shanghai
| October 6, Hongkong, October 11; to arrive
1 at Manila (via MoClellan) October 14.
Returning Leave Manila November 4,
arrive Viadivostok November 12, leave
Viadivostok November 15, arrive Irkutsk
November 16, arrive Moscow (stop two
days) November 23, arrive St. Petersburg
(stop two days) November 26, arrive Berlin
| (stop two days) November 20, take steamer
| at Bromen, Hamburg or Cherbourg, ac-
cording to best connections.

CANT BUTT IN ON OYSTER BAY,

Government Wire Fixed So Ballroad Tel-
egraphers Won't Disturb It.

It became known at Oyster Bay yester-
day that a wire inspector for the Western
Union came out along the line of the Long
Island Railroad on Thursday and cut loose
the Government wire to Washington from
all the railroad telegraph offices.

Since the strike started the operators
at Oyster Bay and in other Western Union
offices on Long Island have been annoyed
by the wire comments of the railroad teleg-
raphers, who called them “scabs” and made
remarks which were in many cases in-
sulting. ;

CROKER HERE IN NOVEMBER.

He's Net Coming Untii After Election and
Merely on Persooal Business.

The statement printed in Tag Sun a few
weeks ago that Richard Croker would
visit this country this fall was confirmed
yesterday at Tammany Hall. It was
learned that Mr. Croker has written to
some of his friends that he will be over
here in November, but not until after elec-
tion day, and that the only purpose of his
trip will be to attend to some personal
business.

Mr. Croker has intimated in his com-
munications to his friends that he will
remain here only for two or three weeks.

 

 

 

MAN OVER NIAGARA FALLS,

Jumped Into the Upper Rapids and Was
Swept to Death.

N1aGaRa Fa.is, Aug. 16.—Two men re-
ported at 10 o'clock to-night having seen a
man leap into the upper rapide from Pros-
pect Park.

They watched him until he was swept
over the American Falls. .

TINY TUG ON FONG TRIP.

Attempts Voyage to Santiago inthe Wake
of a Ward Liner.

Astern of the Ward liner Cienfuegos,
which sailed yesterday afternoon for
Santiago, Cuba, was what at first glance
looked like a nautical nondescript. A little
funnel protruding from what seemed to

a slanting pile of yellow pine boards
indicated that the craft might be a small
tug.

That is what she is. All of her super-
structure is cdvered, so that she resembles
a wooden turtleback toy ship. She is the
harbor tug Priscilla and the Cienfuegos
is going to try to tow her down to Santiago
for use in the waters there. She is in
command of Capt. Riley and has aboard,
or did have aboard when she passed out

of the Narrows, five men.
poy wetter a may have to take all
hands off the little tug if the wind and sea

rise above the normal. It is a risky trip
and has been tried before. Sometimes a
tug gets to her destination and sometimes
she does not, especially when she starts in
the cyclone season, which is now at hand.

KILLED BY A BLAST,

Jeweller Struck by Stone Forty Feet Away
—He Was Outside of Danger Zone.

Joseph Baum, a jeweller, of 221 West i4ist
street, was killed instantly yesterday after-
noon by a piece of rock dislodged by a blast
at l4ist street and Seventh avenue, where
a trench is being excavated for a water main.
Baum was standing forty feet away from
the blast and was outside of the danger
zone established by the excavators.

Michael MoGinn, the foreman, who was
arrested and held for the Coroner, said that
the only piece of débris that escaped from
the mat covering the blast was the chunk
of rock that killed Baum.

 

 

 

WasHINOTON, Aug. 16.—Some wag in
Tclede,Ohio, has paid the gigantic fine im-
posed by Judge Landis upon the Standard
Oil Company_of Indiana. An envelope
postmarked Toledo has been received at
the Treasury ent enclosi no
Jetter, but a for $29,240,000,
“J. D. Rockenfeller,” the sixth letter of the

name bei lainly an “n.” The
—_ n number

Pp
, which is made yable to
“Treasurer of the United States is ard.ien

to pare. ‘Tons upon box

 

|» Burnett's Vanilla
Burnett's.— Ade,
4

’

i i a

three years ago. On one oocasion, Mrs.
Langlotz told the jury, it was necessary to

Peri 8

to the young widow.
The discharge of Mrs. Langlotz, whe
had killed her father after he had shot her
mother in their home at 2058 Third avenue
; on Thursday, followed .dramatic scenes
j in the Coroner's court. After the young
woman had told her story on the stand
every member of the jury wept.

It was a story of a father’s brutality
and a family’s misery for years, as it coukd
be told only by one who had suffered. A
twelve-year-old girl, Annie Wasaner, had
told on the stand how her father had
wronged her when she was 9 years old.
The girl didn’t have to tel] the shocking
details of the story, thanks to Coroner
Harburger, Assistant District Attorney
Symonds and other men in the court
room. Alexander Michaelson, who had
appeared voluntarily as counsel for Mrs.
Langlotz, meant well undoubtedly when
he said to Annie:

“Just tell the jury what your father did
to you three years ago?”

Instantly there was a murmur of disap-
proval from the men in the court room.
Coroner Harburger and Coroner Acritelli,
who aleo sat on the bench, said that the
jury understood, and that it wasn't neces-
sary for the girl to tell the story. Assistans
District Attorney Symonds expressed the
same opinion.

In taking the stand to tell of the shooting,
Mrs. Langlotz said that in} the excitement
of the day before she had been unable to
tell all that had happened. She never in-
tended to shoot her father, she said,
although he deserved it for the way he
had treated his family.

“We kept a revolver in the front room,”
she said. “The police told us to keep it,
for we could fire out the window when
father came around to hurt us, and in this
way, the police said, we could attract help
better than any other.

“I was the first one up yesterday morning
and [awakened mamina and little Annie. [
only take coffee in the morning, but I stirred
up batter to make pancakes for Annie, she
is 60 fond of them. Mamma and Annie
enjoyed the pancakes so much that I went
out and baked more. We were having
such fun over those pancakes that we
laughed more than we had for some time.
While I was making a trip to the kitchen
and returping with two cups of coffee in
my hands I heard mamma and little Annie
scream,

“I rushed in and there was my father.
He had a revolver in his hand and was
chasing mamma into a bedroom. Annie
had run into the hallway to call the neigh-
bors. I rushed into the front room, where
we had an employment agency. I picked
up the telephone and said to central ‘For
God's sake send us help! Send the police!’

“As I was telephoning I heard a shot,
then another. I grabbed up the revolver
which the police had) told us to keep and
ran back to the room. There I found
mamma. on the floor, with father standing
some distance away and shooting at her.,
I grabbed mother in my left arm and lifted’
her up as high as I could. There was fire
sizzling down the front of her dreas. |
snuffed it out with my fingers. All this
time father was shooting at the two of us.

“No help had come and I remembered
what the police had told me. Levelling
the revolver with my right hand I fired
toward the open window. Papa was stand-
ing. bracing himeelf against the wall and
snapping the revolver. I didn’t shoot him.
If I did I didg’t mean to. I just shot out
the window to ‘attract the police. Perhaps
my hand wasn't steady and he got in the
way of the bullet.”

She told her story in a straightforward
way. So thorough was her explanation
that Aesistant District Attorney Symonds
didn’t cross-examine her, She desoribed
how she and her mother and sister had
moved from place to place every month ia
order to get away from the wrath of her
father. She told of how Wassner had beat
her and her mother and tied them with q
rope and locked them in the cellar of their
home in Germany years ago. Mrs. Wass-
ner almost died in a hospital at one fime
because Wassner had kicked her after an
operation for a tumor.

Mre. Langlotz showed remarkable nerve
during her ordeal on the stand, but a,
broke down completely when she told ef
how Wasener had wronged sister Atigio

dress her mother in man's clothing ani
carry her over the roof of their home tn

Eighty-eeventh street to escape Wasawr,~

who had sworn to kill his wife. The family
had lived in dread of Wassner and they
had to put heavy locks on the doors ever
since he went away two years ago, to return
only to kick and cuff them, The only way
that Mrs. Langlotz could explain how her
father got into their rooms to interrupt
their breakfast on Thursday morning was
that he must have forced a frail door lead-.
ing to the dining room. There was ho
strong lock on this door and a board had
been nailed acrosg it.
the door broken opdn.
The most touching scene at the inquest
was when Annie walked into the court room
She had been brought down from the rooms
of the Gerry society, who took her in chargs
' after the shooting. As she stepped in the

The police found