VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 5).

TT

WURDER STIRS PATERSON,

1S WORRTFIED AT ENORMITY
or Teh CRIME,

qiry

 

Crowd Siands From Morning TU Night Gaz-
ing at the Walls of the Jeti in Which Four
Men Charged With Killlag Jennte Bos-
achleter Are Confined-Hackman Who Is
Chief Witeess Against Them Released on
small Hatl-fils Version of the Tragedy.

Pareeson, N. d., Oct. 24.--Paterson has had
lowance of unusual crimes, but never
before has the city been so stirred by an act of
‘ny as it was to-day when the full details
w Jennie Bosschieter, the seventeen-year-
xirl, was done to death were related at
th jn this morning’s newspapers. Seme
eneral idea of the nature of the crime was
‘used through the city yeeterday when the

he

+

 

vat of the four men charged with the «f-
fence became known, But it waa bot Un.
day when the full styry of the

too sas laid bare, together with the
evidence against the four men charwed
the erime, that people realized what an
thing had been done right in the com-
munity by men whose social and personal
ding heretofore had been such that, with

| ibly one exception, all of them had been
wi » guests in the homes of the moat re-

table people in the town. All day long in

Poterson there has heen seareely anything else

talked of. To say that the people of Paterson
wore stricken with horror ts to describe their
«numents with @ word not one whit too
srong. There was a curious iNlustration of

in the manner in which people discussed
the affair. In the streets, in the shops, in all

    

~ of public resort you heard little
of, vet nearly always in the low,
in which people might talk of
ne great disaster or of some heavy personal
Now and then there was an angry

h gave a hint of the deep indignation

ea jn evervbody’s mind and which in
laweabiding and orderly community
be regarded as ominous, But there is
ne sentiment as to the four prisoners,
that they may soon have an op-

Ken

tones

else sf

e

c '

d that is
I ; in open court to make suoh defence
a- they may have
[he publie ourtosity about the prisoners
tense. From early in the forenoon until
‘arly dark a crowd in which there were scores
women was in the atreet staring at the alls
the jail as though it contained some strange

monsters of which they might by some chance
Dr. McBride, the County Physi-
the

eta wlimpse
sald this evening that at one time ir
day whe. he chanced to pass the jail there
waa gathered there a crowd which he would
a-timnate at 409 or 509 people They made no
demonstration. They just talking in
low tonea and staring at the blank front of the
jail building

An attendant at the fail sald late this after-
noon that the prisoners, Walter C. McAlister,
George J. Kerr, Wiliam A. Death and Andrew
Campbell, did not seem, any one of them, to
be under much mental strain, Apparently
they did not realize their position and certainly
hud no knowledge of the feeling of people
of the city with whom a week ago they were
popular and by whom they were respected.
Kerr is probably the one among them who had
the highest social standing. He has a wife
and a number of children, among the latter
a daughter nearly grown up. His brother,
Judge Kerr! who will take a prominent part
in nis defence and who married a sister of Mayor
Hinchiiffe, called on him the jail and
had a long conference with him in the
sxeneral assembly room of the jail, where at
certain hours of the day all the prisoners are
allowed to walk about at their will, Kerr's
wife and Death's wife, to whom he had only
been matried five weeks, also called, as did
James MoAlister, father of the prisoner, Wal-
ter C. MeAlister, who, from all the evidence
in the hands of the police, appears to have
heen ringleader in the crime and the most
callous of the quartet His father is a man
of substantial means and shows a disposition
n through in his horrible plight so

i.

stood

at

the

 

 

 

 

near the Alvea icehoise.,

    

 

to toe deserted spot
where the dead body Was dragged and thrown
to the ground in such a manner that the head
would fall upon the jagged eage of
‘ rock on which it Was found
resting soon after dawn on Friday morning
sculthorpe, in other words, was practically an
evewitness of the ent rime. McAlister
and Kerr he already knew by sigh Death
and Campbell he fias since positively identi-
fled as the other two men of the party That

«o Vital a witness should be released on bail
that to many of those tnterested would be a
tnere trifle was con-idered strange until
it was learned that before he got his liberty lye
made a full written statement of all he knew
both to the Chief of Police and to the Prosecutor
Mr. Emiley, statements to which he affixed
his signature

Sculthrope was about his business as usual
veaterday with his now historical old carriage
with its single horse [t ia a queer oid affair,
this carriage, with a deep hood over the rear
seat under which the girl and two of her com-
yanions sat while the other two sat on the seat
Poing them It was one horse which dragged
this travelling trawedy ail that eventful night
six persons in all, including the driver, being in
the carriage until nearly 40'eciock in the morning
when one of the six was dragged out dead and
left by the wayside. On the way back from
the t-ehouses, according to Sculthorpe's story
MeAllster and Kerr got out when the armory
was reached, while Death and Campbell left

 

 

the carriage when Carroll street was reached
Then Sculthorpe, late as it was, drove to his
stand at the Erie station McAlister. he says

gare him $19 for his night's work and to keep
iis mouth shut Senlthorpe has been warned
by a | ies not to do any talking but bis wife
has told what knew of her husband's
doings on the night of the tragedy. She says
her husband told her all about tt next day and
ehe urged him to co to the police at once and
make @ clean breast of it, but that he was afraid

she

ht
nt

  
 

 
 

and that the glimpse he then had of jt fairly
unnerved him

 

 

A detective, in company with Sculthorpe,
went all over the route the carriage traversed
on the night of the murder, and at the

the roadside, between Charley Lee's ro
house aid town, where the assault was com-

Faster Than Ever to Callfornta,
e Overland Limited” leaves Chicago 6.20 P, M
y via Chicago. Union Pacifie anu Northwestern

 

 

ne. arrives San Vraneiseo 5:15 PLM. third day
Wink room sirening cars without change, buffet,
ty cor (with barber Tiekets and Information at

  

€O and Northwestern
Ace

oMce, 461

Broadway.

Poland Water is the sovercign remedy for reestabd-
vohiog the functions of the stomach —Ade.
A

 

 

et et ts elects

 

ae

mitted, the detective found several hair pins
that had fallen from the girl's hair ‘hese
were turned over to the chief of police. _It
Was at first the intention to drag the river for
the portions of undergarments that, with the
sidecombs, were thrown in as the carriage
returned after depositing the body, but this

vlan was abandoned. ‘The police are eontl-
dent that they have an overwhelming mass
of evidence aa the case stands, and that the

production of the torn garments is superiiuous

TWo new witnesses have been discovered in
Clarence Christie of 208 Water street) and
Elmer A. Greor of 100 North Main street, They
were passing Saal’s saloon at the time Jennie
Bosschieter, with a man on each side of her,
Was half-supported, half carried from the saloon
door across the sidewalk to the carringe
Christie and Greer thought it was merely a
cue of a drunken woman, but recalled the
incident when the story of the crime became
knowa and came forward with their evidence

Dr. Cyrus W. Townsend of. 119 Paterson
street, to whose house the irl was brought
In the carriage long after midnight and © ho
came down to the sidewalk in bis nightclothes

Se

and a bathrobe, and, alter an exanination,
yronounced her dead, was about town toeday
{is statement is merely a repetition of wheat,
was related in Titk SUN of yesterday Jnorning
He says that he recognized Kerr and McAllister
and that both were pale and excited. ‘The
otier two men walked out Into the street and |

 

around tothecther side of theearriagwe, MeAlbs-

terand Kerr stood on the edge of the s dewalk
while the doctor got into the carrlage and
made his examination Thegirl was on the rear
seat with a blanket thrown over her bar Her
head hung limp upon her breast. Her hair
was dishevelled and hung loose upor er
shoulders, It took but a moment or two

discover that she was dead. The four men
stood apart and talked in) whispers. Then
one of them whom the others called ‘ Andy”
(this was Campbell) asked ina faltering volce

 

waa a good deal of a

“What will we do’ t
eould not help them

problem and the doctor

any, He examined the girl's heart once more
and again repeated that she was beyond ail
ald--quite dead. Dr. Townsend and Scule

thorne, of course, will be the vital wiluesses
for the State when the tri

Dr MeBride, the County Physician, «
terday afternoon that he had reques
the new Coroner's inquest, which was a
to be held on Monday evening next, b
poned until the result the medical exami-

il comes
iid yes-
“d that

     

nation Is complete All of the organs of the
body have been removed and there will be
a chemieal analysis of the stomach at least

Dr McBride at fitst only removed the heart and

 
   

     

stomact That was on Monday last, On the
strength, presumably, further information
he reinoved vesterday the remaining orgat

TL is tie general opinion bere that the defer
will turn upon the actual cause of death, with

 

wt to prove that the girl was badly ine
toxicated and simply aied &+ a result of the ce-
bauch. For this reason a very careful exami-
nation will be made to ascertain the exact cause

an atter

 

 

 

 

of death which aceording to the information
in the possession of the | ponce Wits |
caused by knock-out drops,” presuumaliy
ehloral, MeAlister is the one charged ’
adininistering the drug in the girls drink
' and the police have information that the use
of chloral by him loits similar to that

far as lew his power. There is money
and strong influence back of all the prisoners
and no one here doubts that the effort to save
i from the callows will be a desperate one
In view of this general conviction there
«oa disposition here to-day to criticise the
t of Recorder Senior in releasing the |
cabman, Augustus Sculthorpe, in whose |
ruosiackle, old-fashioned two-seated carringe
e wirl actually died, on so small a bail bond
1 $300. Seulthorpe was only detained as
w «, but his testimony is vitally impor-
tant should the effort to throw out the con.
Jesse and admissions of three of the pris-
over be successful -an effort that undoubt-
edl will be made. Sceulthorre it was
1o)6took)— othe) othen — half-conscious — girl
i}er tour companions into dis cab at Saas's
joon, drove to the lonely place where the |
il crime was committed, drove with the
eving girl and her then desperately seared
murderers to Dr ‘Townsend's and from there

to do 80 -Was so wenerally seared, in fact,
that he could 1 er eat por sleep until at last
Detective Tavior came for him. Then he
relieved his inind of its burden and gladly
gave the police all the information he had
According to Mrs. Seulthorpe’s version
of what her hushand — tole her, two
of the men, one of them  MeAlister,
threatened her husband with a revolver
if one time when he manifested a dizposition |
to go no further with what he then knew had
grown to be an awful crime, and thus coerced
him into doing their bidding He knew how
desperate the, were by this time and had begun
t ave a mortal terror of ther Mrs. Seul-
thrope further save that the carriage Hehts
ere brightly burning during all the drive and
that when the girl was dragged out near the
jcehouses their @lare fell ¢ ipon her face

ee

in ext
1 5

which resulted fatally
case is not unknown ‘
postively refused last even

  

ing to say whe
a

  

 

 

16 had or had net reached an opinion as to
the cause of death

“It would be foolish,” he said or me to
oommit myself ou that subject uotil the medical
e ination is complete I have not yet de-
‘ Whether the chemical analysis of certain
of the organs will be made here or in New
York. It will tuke, I suppose, something
like two weeks Until it ia complete tie
Coroner's inquest canne be concluded
We are proceeding with the utmost care aod
deliberation in this case and T am devoting
much of my time to it, realizing, as I did from
the start, how very important it is There

will be no statement whatever as to the cause

of death until the examination under way is
vomplete in evety particular
Joseph Sullivan, the jailer who has immediate

  
  

charge of the prisoners, is the father «
Sullivan, the mystery of whosg murder h
Paterson four vears ago still remains tit

He it ia who receives all visitors who come
to see the prisoners. He suid that there had
been a great many to see the four men imp

cated in the Bossehieter murder, a number of

them wornen. All visitors, except counsel, |
who are admitted to the assembly
room where the prisoners take their

exercise. talk to the men who are locked up
through the grated door whieh leads from the
rison office to the asseinbly room MeAlister
Kerr Campbell and Death Death's ominous
naine. by the way ts pronounced “Deeth” by
some people here -kept far t sieht
as POs Y

 

as out «
from the door leading to the off}
or re.

 

 

 

 

 

       

 

 

    

 

 

   

 

when n »  eurlosity aeekers
porters were there When there were
no ijsitors they frequently huddled
together in a corner talking in a low tone
Phen two and twother would wa Oe
enous round cof the dinily r
MeAlister and Kerr always wilk tows
They were close companions tnt \s
they were out in thit world | “ h ow
may ne appear avain as free omen, Une
der spe provision of the statute
ol the erime for which alll
oft ed iat jer t {
degre is punishable with deat! Mure
der, even when tinintentional, if consume
mated as an incident the ¢ nissi
a felony, is murder in the f deg Mm pros
vided in the New Jersey Crimes act of Maret |
1, 1503

There ia much discussion here as tot he
tive gull’ of the four men, the general of n
being that, while all m be proved technically
aiilty greater responsibility te { crime
lies with som | i t ers
record, as it has t
since his arte 4
pr \ 1 '
the use of hi t
he heard enn
tella to-night v } a
which is directiv in line with what | did in
the case of Jonnie Be hieter A rt time
wo, aecording to this story, MeAlister and
a companion got what McAlister deserihed as
‘a fineslooking @irk’ inte saloon, gave her
knoex-out drops and dre r off to Ridge
wood, She was uneonseious all the way and
the two men took her to a hotelin | idgewood
and worked over her all night trying r@stis-
eitate li She came to and was quite tll, but
the matter was hushed ’ The poliee are
getting a very complete record of MeAlisters
career, Whieh mav be brought outat his trial

Prosecutor Emiev said is evening that !
would push the rder case as
rapidly as ‘ cannot bring it

  

bel the GCeraid Decatise ol

 
    

 

 

 

  

 

 

the } ‘ hefor it body and be
en per red to present all the evi
de e ( ician has
represe e Corotier tua # medical
evide not be ‘ fi y
pointe {to} held n M ad ‘ next
vet Prosecutor Iemley said the it est proba.
bly would proceed the time ed The
faet that the physfeian »are conduetine
the autopey will net be at to report for two
week ve need reve the
i ! , Rn ‘ ;
and the examir moof other witne 4 Tt ia |
believed that at llbet 1 ! the defence
t tave f the a tualtri t ae tt saith 1
order to give 1e@ for rr r ed
ublie Sentiment to su The trial when
id corne sure to . t celebrated
case in all the judicial history of Passaic county
Ww. BR. HOYT SOT MURDERED
He May Wave Committed Snitcide or Met

Dheath be
Me., Or

of Sie

Accident,

PORTLAND Coroner Perry and

 

Inspe r Fickett Police Department,
have investigated t leath of W. BY Hoyt of
New York, whose body was found in the dock
this morning, and ha » to the conelusion

fell off the wharf or
e of any marks
out this theory

that he either aecidernta
committed suicide The
of violence on bod

absen

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

“he only artical nd in the clothing were a
comb, & Key, sia cents and twosmall memoran-
dum books che brass chain hung on the
walsteout, but! wie attached

rhe means of ise tion was the address,
“W. B. Hoyt, 76 Firth enue, New York,”
written in one oa: tie books The bodv had
not been in the water ret nan } ir, tor
the Inner pages of Lhe two looks In the vest
pockets were still dr When or by what
route Hoyt came to Portland hot know: to
the police flit name eannot be found on
the passencer ats ¢ er t Boston) of
New York boat It is be ed that was
drowned fro ne of the steamer wharves
and that the tid irred the body down the
harbor to the Port\and Company's dock

4 Walter B. Hoyt connected with the New
York Thermal Bat Company, formerly ore
cupled as an office rtof room 47, in the butlds
ing at 76 Fifth a " He left about t or
eight months ago. andenplovees of th» building
fo not know What beeame of him. Isaa M
Van Ness, an er aver, who shar room 17
with him, could not be found yesterday afte
noon 4 telegram from the coroner of Po. t-
land announcing the death of the man «as
received at the building vesterday riorni
but as nothing was known of Me Hoyt ecent
movements no information could be given

While Mr. Hoyt was doing business in this |
city he lived with his wife Third street and
Victor place, Eimbhurst, lL. 1 Former neleth-
bors said vesterday that Mr Hoyt had lived
there over a vear He left about a mor wo
for Connecticut, where he is d to have a farm

near Norwich

Poland Water isthe sovereign remedy for reestab-
Ushing the lunctions of the stomach. -Ady,

' a cheer on the other side of the street and the

jon any day since Sept
| tour started

   

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1900.—COPYR
ROOSEVELT DAY IN UTICA.

 

THE STREETS FILLED WITH CROWDS
FROM THREE COUNTIES.

Big Indoor and Outdoor Meetings at Which
Senator Depew and Mr. Eckels Alse Spoke
~The Governor's Answer to Bryan's Tatk
About the Army “Walking in Idieness.’

Unica, Oct, 24.—Thia city has made more of
a general disturbance over its declarations
of loyalty to the Republican party to-day
than has taken place in Utica for many a lone
year. Gov. Roosevelt, Senator Depew, former
Comptroller Eckels and inany other = distin-
suished and eloquent Republicans have ad-
dressed the citizens of Utica in the course of the
day. The orators came on two spectal trains
One came from the south and one from the
north. Mr. Eckela came in an ordinary rail-
road car. ‘The crowds came from all over three
counties. They overran the streets and cramped
the marching clubs that wheeled and counter-
marched about the carriages of the distinguished
miests as they passed through the streets on
thelr way to and from the reat meetings at
which the names of McKinley and Odell were
cheered until the folks couldn't cheer any more,
The demonstrations of popularity which were
made over Gov, Roosevelt were such as he has
not seen since he left the State of Kansas.

In the towns and cities between Norwich
and Utica the Governor's efforts to stir up
the people to @ lively sense of their duty to
the Republican party and its candidates were
every bit as well rewarded as they have been
5, when his present
After making a speech at Utica
to-day he went to Herkimer for a half-hour
talk and then returned to Utica to review a

nster sound money parade. All the mar-
shals of the parade and all the men prominent
in its arrangementa were once Gold Demo-
crats. To-day they are Republicans. The
railroads were overtaxed with the crowds
that came into the city to hear the speaking
and to see the parade and fireworks that fol-
lowed later, The main streets were clouded
with the smoke of colored fire, through which
climmered thousands of filekering torches,
with now and thena flash of arocket ora flower-
ing bomb.

The Roosevelt special arrived {n Utica at
yuarter before Ss o'clock. Congressman J. M
Sherman, with a Reception Committee and a
of hacks, was waiting. The hacks were
fluttering with silk flags. The Conkling In-
vineibles, Utica’s famous marching club, acted
aa escort to the Governor from the station to
the public square Here there was an indoor
meeting atthe Oneida Rink and an outdoor
meeting around atruck in the middle of the

Jot

aquare When Gov. Roosevelt reached
the rink Senator Depew was talking to
the 4,000 frantlo individuals who were

standing on the board seate and cutting into
his oratory every minute or two with inquiries
as to what was the matter with McKinley,
“Chauncey,” Odell, “Teddy,” “Jim Sherman,” or
with anybody else whose personality suggested
itself to them Mr. Eckels talked for half an
hour after Senator Depew,’and the Governor

followed Mr. Eckels. The Governor
the attention of the andlence to the speech of |
Mr. Brvan yesterday, In which he said that

he would not have signed the Treaty of Paris
if he had been President of the United States,
‘He forgot to tell his audience,” said the Gove
ernor. how he went to Washington to encourage
the Democrats in Congress to vole for the ratt-
fication of the treaty. This latest and most
definite statement from him puts him in the
unenviable light of having urged the ratifi-
cation of the treaty because he wanted to make
the situation as embarrassing as he thought it
could be made for the Republican majority
Noman of shallow t isto be trusted
with the honor of the Chief Magistracy of the

sincerity

nation
Mr. Bryan has talked about our army walk-

said Col

 

 

ing about in idleness Roosevelt,
Walking in idlenes ? Chaffee did not walk
' n Id} when the fate of women and
fren Ww hanging in the balance in China

Ve i tle army through the flooded rice
elds, 4 the torrid heat, until at last the
bugler, Titus, springing from the ranks,

on e walls of the legation at Pekin

 

ind liberty

 

lof reseue

 

rhe audience had been restrained from am
pl ling onee or twice by the speaker's gesture
re al, but they could stand it no longer,
and they | 4e loose with cheera and almost

f applause Women sprang

ind waved handkerchlefs and
flags over their heads The Governor waited
for a lull and then cut into the applause ina
hrilled with resonance as though he
iking the first speech of the campaign

reaimis oo

upon the seats

wer

tustend of one well along in the four hundreds
“Walking in iileness?” he said again, “Some

of our men no longer walk in idleness. In the

Phillippines the mould ts yet green on the graves
of those who do not walk In idleness, Lawton
no longer walks in idleness, [Applause and
cheers Liseurn and Riley [prolonged ap-
pluuse) no longer walk about in icleness, Those

 

nd of men who compose our gallant
little army, gallantly, fearlessly, unflinchingly

 

meeting death—meeting death that you and I
may hold our heads higher as American citizena,
meeting death that our flag may be kept un-
stained, |[Cheers.) One would think that
they would at least be insured against slight
and slander--our valiant dead and our no jess
valiant living There may be feeble folk about
that are friahtened by the presence aniong us
of such men as these, But the great mass of
the American people are not feeble folk, they

don't grow that wa)

The hall was in a turmoll of applause long
after the Governor went out to the meeting on
the truck in the squ He spoke there but
for a few minutes to an audience but little smal-
ler than that whieh he had found in the hall
When the Conkling Invincibles, with thelr flut-
tering flags flying from their pikes. formed
th battalion to escort the Governor to the
train, a body of fifty Hamilton College students,
all with red felt hats, worked out of the crowd
and formed a supplementary escort, They
wave the Hamilton yell once or twice and then
started a song on the general lines of the “Song
of a Gamboler Which they sang they
marched with hands resting on one another's
shoulders in lines that reached almost all the
way across the street The Governor swung
his hat at them and they stopped singing and
cheered Then a Colgate College crowd, some-
what smaller but every bit as nol¢y,

 

  
 

as

started

two colleges had most af the noises between
the i) the way to the «tation

But the bovs did not monopolize all the en-
thusiasm, “Gov. Roosevelt,” shouted a man
{n the window of a Genesee street residence

 

The Govefner looked up and saw the Rev
Mr. Bellinger, rector of Grace Church, who
held a little wirl up to wave her hand at the

Governor as he looked in the direction of the
voice, A minute later a man stuck his head
out of a baker's delivery wagon on a side atreet
and roared out Teddy, vou're all right

‘The Governor bowed and laughed. Before his
hat was back on his head a workingman in a
blue shirt and a rough hat pushed up to the
side of the carriage and took hold of the Govern-

  

   

 

or's han t lay on the door

If they tell vou that the workingman is
avainst you.” said he, “it's a lie here’a one
that aint and T know a lot more,” he «aid,

The Governor chatted with the man for a
moment, in the rapid, intense way he has of
carrying ich conversations, and the man
with the blue shirt went back to the curb to
turn and yell as though his throat would split
dust before the train r hed the station the
carriage was completely hemmed in by the
erowd

Wien the Governor came back from Her-

kimer, Titus Sheard, who had presided at the
meeting there, escorted him to the Bagasa
House for dinner. The parade was the wildest

The New Vork Central ts Firat,

“No railroad company in Great Hritain has so
many miles of ratlroad protected by the lock and
biwk system As the New York Central ''--Fxtrvet

from an eddress by Mr. John P. O'Donnell, the
English @xperton block signals, before the American
Society of Civil Engineers —Adr

Poland Water ts the sovereign remedy for re-estabd
lishing the functions of the stomach ~ Ade A

'

ealled | é

ee

 
   

    

WWW
Be

 

 

orgy of red fire and brass bands and assorted
nolse and lights and cheering that Utica hus
ever experienced

Hefore the parade the populace gathered
in front of the Butterfleld House to the num-

ber of 10,000 or so and. demanded oratory
Senator laughlin, Mr. Emerson M, Whipple
and all the other spellbinderm at hand were

turned loose at them and got them into a fing
state of enthusiasm. The stock of imported
speilbinders was exhausted and Mr, J W
Vanauken of Utica was introduced, While he
wos in the middle of the speech an ese was
thrown out of the crowd. Which struck the
hat of Mr. G. H. Warner of Utica and smashed
Goy, Roosevelt was not on the stand at the time,
but the Utica police couldn't have been angrier
if the Governor himself had been the onjeet
of the attack, They said that it wasn't until
Bryan became a candidate for office that the
citles up State had to contend with this sort of
campaigning and they wanted to see it stopped
quick

Karlville, Cazenovia, Canastota and Oneida
came to the meating in numbers that increased
at every stop a) the day went on. The Gov-
ernor and Senator John Taughlin piled into
Mr. Bryan on the trust issue, Senator Laughlin
said that he wos more interested in the race
of the paramountcies than in) anything the
Denioorats had produced this campaten
Walter Emerson. the main spellibinder, won the
admiration of the ecitivens of Canastota by
Starting his speech thie way

‘Mr. Bryan and his speeches remind me of
Alice in Wonderland, Don't you remember?”

“The time has come. the walrus sald,
To speak of many things
Of shoes and ships and sealing wag,
And cabbages and kings.”

“That's Bryan,” he said, andthe crowd just
went off lta fact and chortied in its alee

At Rome the Governor spoke to 6,000 people,
and thousands more, many of them workin
menin their blouses and overalls, cheerec
him until his train went out. The Governor's
return to the train was elig¢htly disturbed by a
difference of opinion between “Eddy the Owl"
and the “Umbrella Kid,” two pickpockets who
were discovered wandering through the crowd
hy Detective Mason of the New York Central's
force. They were put on a train to New York
and tol’? te been away from camonien crowds

When Mr. Bryan waa at Herkimer the other
day ho tried to square himself with the work-
men in the gun factories there by saying that
there was plenty of work for them and thelr
factories int .@manufactire of guns for shoot-
ing game. Gov. Roosevelt asked the people of
Herkimer, which is wear Lion, whether Mr
Brv an had suewe-ted ¢ ounting of pop-giuns
on the decks of our men-of-war and the arming
of the police of the great cit es with Fourth of
July toy pistols. When Rrvan talked such non-
sense to them, te Gov yor said, it was hardly
necessary to ask the peonle of Lllon not to trust
him with any responsibility of gover ment

ADDRESS TO THE POPULISTS,

  

 

 

Chairman Parker FExhorts Middle of the
Roaders ‘to Vote Their Sentiments."

CINCINNATI, Ohio, Oct. 24—Chairmiun Jo A.

Parker of the Middle-of-the-Road Populiste
to-nieht issued an addresa to his fellow-
Mid Roaders, warning them to get in line

for election day. Hesavsin part: "Four years
ago we wereshamefully be rayed by those whom
we had intrusted with power, and our organ|za-

 

 

tion was given into the hands of cur
political enemies lhe great principles of
true Populism prostituted that the
greed of polit-eal pirates might be satisfied
with power and plunder To-day our
organization is once avain in the hands of
true Populists, who will never surrender it

to either of the old parties. There areelectoral
tickets in thirty States, and the opportunity ja

 

  

 

thus afforded all true Populists in those States
to vote their conscientioug sentimerts

a privilege which pertidy and yoiti-
eal dishonesty denie* them in iage

The vote to be polled fo* this ticket may not be
great aa that of 1896, but it will be large
enough to demonstrate beyond the shadow ofa

| doubt that our party is net dead, that the false

leaders of the past did not kidlit
fnis campaign has acoumplished this much
and more -the election in November will put
atend to thedisastrous policy of fusion forever,
This alone is a great victory for true Populism.
With our party organization once more in the
hands of our friends, and with fusion
dead and damned forever, we can go forward
tothe vietory which awaits the true, the vigl-
lant and the brave. Let me warn you against
the political liars who will seek to
influence you against the People’s party
Let nothing deter you from doing your whole
duty in the work of saving the People’s party
at the coming electio Yours for true reform,
“J, A. PARKER,
*Chairman Populist National Committee,”

GET YOUR VOTE IN,

You May Have to Start Farly to Do It-If So,
Start Early,

 

President Francis Vinton Greene of the Re
publican County Committee, issued an appeal
to every Kepublican in New York
to cast his vote early on election day.
Presiisent Greene said

i have written a letter to Gen, Rodenbough,
the Chief of the Bureau of Elections, request-
him to do everything in his power to facill-

yesterday

county

  

 

IGHT, 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.
TOOK POISON AT A DINNER PARTY, SO EASY TO STEAL $690,000.

 

|
|
|

tate the casting of votes in election districts
in whieh there is likely to be a crush Gen
Rocenbough has promised that he will
erect extra booths in crowded dia.
tricts and send to them his most |
active and accomplished roll clerks
ini is all very weil The election

bureau is going to do all that It can, Now it
sin the hands of the voters to aid the election
bureau. I want to make this personal appeal
to every Republican leader, election district
captain and. voter: ‘Go to the polls early;
vote early: have your ballot cast before 11
o'clock in the morning. Do all that you can
to aid the electlon bureau in facilitating the

voting’ I repent ‘Let every tepublican
vote early Do not wait until the afternoon
Vote in the morning Take fifteen amin-
ites from your. business. and vote Get

sur ballot into the box before noon Do not

be one of those to stand in line in the afternoon
Get out in the morning; be on hand when the
polls open Vote early’ That is the message
which should be taken to every Republican in
the county Remember that if your ballot is
cast there can be no question about it; but if
you delay it may be retarded and possibly
thrown out by Tamrnany heelers. In certain
districts the voters will be in line half an hour
hefore the polls open, Let Republicans be those
to cast the first ballots.”

NINE TO ONE ON M‘KINERY,

 

 

Lioyds Underwriters in London Jump the Bet-
ting Up a Few Notches,

Advices from Englund are to the effect that
a line of insurance against the election of Wil-
liarn Jennings Bryan to the Presidenoy of the
United States was placed in London last month
at 10 per cent, to pay 4 total loss in case the
event occurs, without requiring any proof of
interest other than the policy This practically
means that London's underwriting bookmakers
have been giving odds of 9 to 1 against Bryan,

J M Shaw & Co of the New York Stock Ex-
change bet $1,800 to $2,000 vesterdny that
MeKinley will eome down to The Bronx with

125,000 plurality. JH Le Veen put up the $2,000,
A bet of $1,000 to $200 that McKinley will be
elected was made by Frederick H. Brooks with
Cooper, Cramp & Beadleston of the Stock Ex-
change

State Senator MeCarren, who has had a’good
deal to say lately about having $20,00) to bet
that Bryan would carry Kings county but who
has managed toavoid putting yn Sar money,
was cornered Inst nieht by afriend of Col
Michael J. Dady, who had been on a still hunt
for MeCarren’s Bryan money The friend
promised Col Dody that the Senator would
meet him this morning at 9:30 o'clook at the
People’s Trust Company in Montague street,

Brookiyn, and risk just a little of the $20,000
Mecarren is to bet $4000 agiinst $5,000 that
Brvon will carry Kings, and Col, Dady is to

take the Republican end of the bet,

Betting on a 15,000 Plarality in Indiana,

Laronte, Ind, Oct. 24.--Republican confi-
dence in a MeKinley victory in this State has
increased so greatiy within the last few days
that beta are being made that the Kepublican
plorality in Indiana will be over 15,000, while
there is an abundance of money in sight that
McKiniey will have upward of 10,000 plurality.

Ex-Speaker Reed to Live In Brookiya?

Former Speaker ‘Thomas B. Reed has been
over in Brooklyn, looking at the Prospect Park
South settlement with a probable view, itis
surmised, of selecting a home there,

Haan's Diner Recherche, 01,50 (Alsoala carte)

Park Row Building. Ladiesand gentiemen, Musie.
Adr

 

Poland Water \s (he sovereign remedy for fe-estad-
Using the functions of the stomach. Ade

 

 

SAW SAMPSON;

HAD PERMISSION TO SPEAK ABOIT

HOBSON

Mra. Bridgewater Invited Her Friends to Her
Home to See Her Die,

InpraNapowis, Ind, Oct, 24--Mra, Jennie

THE ADMIRAL, Bridgewater, a young married woman of Scotts-

- --- burg, arranged a novel entertainment for her

Bat Was Not Aothorized to say That He Was | Yc triends last night, Karly in the day
she invited a number of them to take supper

Dying of a Broken Heart The Admiral
Unable to Accept the Invitation That Was
Extended by the People Alabama,

with her and the meal was an abundant one
Mr, Bridgewater did not eat anything, but
presidedat the table and waited upon her guests

Suddenly her manner changed and she told
her friends that her husband, to whom she
had married but three weeks, had
serted her and there was nothing now to hve

or

Boston, Oct. 24--Rear Admiral Sampeon
said this noon that he had received an invila-
tion to attend the Alabama State Fair at Hir-
mingham and that his reply had been sent by

been de-

  

‘ stor . “piete , very

telegraph. He said ‘While I arm @reatly ie SAOREDRERS WOR ore . a a

pleased at the compliment pald to me by the ace When the noes ss and no

people of the State of Alabama and will never | &" wer was made, While her guests were #!

forget their cordiality, it is impossible | ently wondering at her changed manner

for me to accept the kind = invitation she poured a white powder inte a glass partially

they have sent I have placed mysolf filled with water, and declaring that she wanted

¢ oe: 4 tr e, dri . ‘ “nite late » be

in the hands of a physician and feel that my ie . rank if 2 ae m ne 4 eee 4
health would surely suffer greatly from a trip | OE" 7 BOG Wien & Pe? :

to Rirmainghan Within the past few days she Was unconscious and died at midnight

\ am a] is uty ’

» white powder we ) » Mrs -

l have been gaining steadily and feel that it The wh powder was morphine. Mrs, Bridge

is better to ret ! t and continue to ir water was 19 years old, and a woman of good

4 be oO reut quie i tinue tie
nain qui family Nothing is known of the cause of the

prove rather than take any such riska whieh
are almost certain to prove detrimental, It is
entirely on account of my poor health that I
am obliged to decline the invitation

When asked if he was willing to suy anything

trouble between her and her husband,

WANT TO PARADE IN HAVANA,

Five Thousand Cubans Ask a Permit for a Re-

regarding Lieut. Hobson's comments the Ad- ligtous Procession,
miral said he bad not read any of them. The Special Cable Despatch to THY SUN
words of Lieut. Hobson's first speech, in which Havana, © 24- Mayor Rodriguez has re

he praised the bravery and skill of Admiral | ceived a petition, bearing 5,000 signatures, pray-

SSS SSS ses

 

Sampson and saidthat heis dying withabroken | gny¢ fo: permission to hold a procession in honor
heart, were read to him I did not authorize | of the Virgin of the Helpless, Some opposition
him to make such a ‘siatement about | tothe procession has already developed among
me He asked mo when he was a] the Reyolutionista
the house a few days ago if he might say some- Dr. Santos Fernandez, Secretary of the Pan-
thing to the people of his section about mé, | American Medical Congress, which will meet in
and I said he might. I knew lhe w ould not say | Havana, says he expects that about 1,000 phy-
anything improper. Hobson is a fine fellow, | gicians will attend. Three hundred of the dele
who performed hia duty well and who nearly | gatea will be Cubans. A large number of doc-
loat his life in doing so. He always served 1@ | tora will come from Mexico, travelling on a
faithfully and I take an interest in him,” Mexican warship. Many American physicians
- are expected The congress will open on Dec
CLARA BARTON ILI. | 26 in the Marti Theatre and will be In session for
. : three days A series of entertainments will be
She Mas Nervous Prostraiton, the Resale of | oo od forthe delegates
Overwork at Galveston, phe : _ _
Gatvestox, Tex., Oct. 24.—Clara Barton | S41D TO HAVE GONE WITH $10,000
is dangerously {ll at her apartinents at the on »
Tremont Hotel, Ever since her arrival in this | Chicago Agent of Didisheim & Bros,, Watch-

ix weeks ago, she has been in fil makers, Missing.

city, about

health and at intervals, upon the advice of her Cureago, Oct. 24.—Warrants are ont for
physicians, has been compelled to remainin- | Benjamin Franklin Davis, manager of the
doors. Oflate her illness has assumedaserious | Chicago branch of H. Didisheim & Bros,
phase. A trained nurse from Washington | watchmakers of New York, It is charged he
City, one who has attended Miss Barton in} has absconded with $10,000 of the firm's money
previous sickness, has arrived here and is | and has deserted a wife and several children

ministering to her wants, Prior to the nurse's | The Didisheim firm has its main office in New

 

 

 

arrival it was with diMeulty that Miss Barton | York, and is one of the largest watch import-
was inducedto partake, even lightly, of nourish- | ing concerns in the country, Davis waa one
ment of its trusted employees, who formerly worked

In the past two days there has been a change | for it in New York, fle had been in the em-
in Miss Barton's condition for the worse. She] ploy of the company for five years and three
is daily growing weaker and ajarming ermp- qeaee oe to Chicago as the company’s
tums have developed. To-night {t is given Mr Did heim says that Davis mulcted the
out that she is dangerously il!. Miss Barton's | firm by selling stoek and making false reports
trip to Galveston immediately after the great | fo the firm in New York. ‘The local branch

had ita bank account at the Union Trust Com-
pany, and when Davis went, the head of the
Upon her arrival she broke down under a severe | fiem says, all the cash in the bank, excepting a
nervous strain, but rallled a few days later and | small balance, disappeared also The warrant
i l k nergetically in | [0% the arrest. of the fugitive was placed in the
until her recent illness worked energe Ueaty IN | hands of a private detective, but the only trace
the interest of the flood sufferers. Through advice | of the missing man so far discovered is that he
and personal efforts she has done much for the | headed for St. Paul when he left the office
destitute of Galveston, By her efforts a num- ae
ber of the homeless have found temporary
places of shelter, and up to the time of her t!l-
ness she was actively engaged in the work of
establishing permanent bomes for these people

hurricane was attended by severe hardships,

 

DODGED BULLETS AT AMUR RIVER,

 

Prof. Wright of Oberlin aod His Son Had an
Experience They Little Expected,

 

7 y Barto :
Ae aoe ihe aan oeare Ly wun s Batrimonr, Md, Oct. 24.--Exciting expert-
prostration is*the physician's diagnosis The | ences befell Frederick B. Wright, @ student of

members of the Red Cross staff engaged with
Miss Barton in the Galveston relief work are
alarmed at her condition To-night she is
growing hourly weaker and no one is allowed
in the room except the nurse and physiclan
attending

The latest report from Misa Barton ts that
her condition has much improved, and the
worst symptoms have disappeared

UNINVITED GUESTS

the Johns Hopkins University and a member of
the Marvland Geological Survey, who is in
Siberia studying the geological formation of
the country. A letter from Mr, Wright has
been received recently by Arthur Bibbins, the

head of the geological department at the
woman's college. Mr. Wright says that while
at Blagovestchensk, onthe boundary between
Rut sian territory and Manchuria, the town was
bestowed by the Chinese, and that he and his

AT THE FEAST.

 

* —_ father Prof. Wricht of Oberlin College, had an

Eutered Through Marlborough Window and | exciting time dodying bullets from the Chinese

Ate Their Fill at the Herman Wedding. i o fired from the other side of the Amur

tiver

Frederick Herman, a Jeweller, and Miss Lil- Mir. Wright and his father left Pekin_tne day

lian Gorman were married last night at St before the rajiroad was destroved They had

Agnes's Church, and after the ceremon ore | Kraat trouble in reaching the boundary between
ante a ; : China and Sibert

 

 

Marlborough. The supper was served for a

large number of guests
room onthe Thirty-sixth st

THESE LYNCHERS NEGROBS,
na privat
eet side

o

dining

ofthe he

   

was a wedding supper and a dance at the Hotel |

 

tel,

They Paorsued and Shot a Negro Who Had

     

 

 

 

The women guests the « er room | ,
first and went upestair After t} had gone | Killed His Wife.
one of the men =P two hungry-looking pan- | Vicnarera, Miss., Oct. 24 A mob of ne
handlers outside peering throuah the '
window at the remains of the wed- | groes lynched Gloster Barnes, also colored,
ding feast The guest stepped to the window | In the northern part of this county late last
pnd aaked tie bro Hep te come an and | night. Barnes murdered his wife, stabbed
have a drink then he went up. hadi : A : Bl:
staira with the other guests and thoug)t and badly wounded a negro who interfered,
nothing more about the matter. But the two | and engaged ina rifle duel with a white man

men outside did. As soon asthe supper room | who attempted to arrest hin He was caught

 

 

was empty they c'imbed through & window | be qa posse after a desperate fight, in which

and took the seats that had been oceupled by | he was shot through the thie!

the bridegroom and bride. Last night, in charge two eolored depu-
For ten minutes the two last guesta who had | ties, Barnes was started for the county Pail

come through the window had the wine and the | at Vicksburg On the road his eseort was

food all to themselves. Then they were dis- put to flight by a crowd of negroes, who took

the murderer into a thicket and shot him
had returned from the bailroom. Somebody sl
yelled “Police'’ and a policeman who hap-
pened to be going by went in and arrested
the two men on a charge of disorderly
duct

The prisoners said that they were Robert
42 West

TWO HOT DAYS OF OCTOBER,

}
|
covered by some of the men and women who
con- -
Hlotter Here Yesterday Than Anywhere Flse,
| Fven New Orleans,
'

Kelly, a gasfitter of Twenty-elghth

 

 

atreet,and James Collins, a laborer of 224 Bust Tuesday, with a maximum temperature of

Twenty-fifth street. Both declared that they | 75 degrees, was the Warmest Oct. 28 here for
had been asked to come in by the man who ‘ a she

saw ther through the window for the past twenty-els years Yesterday

qqeeeserenenee even hotter, the maximum being 76 de

It was also the warinest Oct. % since

STEAMER HECTOR IN COLLISION,

wartn weather of the

extended generally
throughout third of the country
To-day promises t woler Outside of New
York yesterday the hottest places in the country
were Jacksonville and New Orleans where at
& A.M. the temperature was 74

The unseasonably
forty-eight hours

the eastern
‘

Ran Down by Schooner Joseph W. Hawthorn
—Hole in Her Starboard Qoarter.

Bosron, Oct. 24.—The steamer Hector, which
sailed from here yesterday afternoon for New-
port News, returned this morning damaged by
collision, Capt. Keene reported that at 11:40
o'clock last night, when off Cape Pogue, Vineyard
Sound, the steamer was runinto by the schooner
Joseph W. Hawthorn, Capt. Barter, fron: Bruns.
wick, Ga., for Newburyport, Mass., with a cargo
of lumber

The schooner atruck the steamer
starboard quarter, staving a hole
twenty feet long in that part of the vessel,
damaging about six plates and asmany frames
The schooner's bowsprit, Jibboom and knight-

     

 

MRS. MARY ALLEN DFAD,

She Had Played With the Elder Booth, Joe
Jefferson and Barrett,
CINCINNATI, Oct 24 Inalmost destitute cir-
cumstinees and kept alive only by the gener-
osity of those with whoin she formerly worked,
Mrs. Mary Allen passed away in Covington to

|
was
grees
1872
past

|

|

|

on the
about

id

 

 

j; mating

heads were carried away and she received | day. Atone time she was the leading lady for |
other damages | Joseph Jefferson in “Hip Van Winkle.” She
After the collision Car@ Keene backed down | plaved with the elder Booth and Lawrence»
to the schooner to ascertain If assistance was garrett, and also with dohn MeCullough. She
needed, and finding that she was not leaking | was pensioned by Mr. Jefferson and received

put about and returned here monthly a certain sum from him. Her death
“ was sudden

 

MISSING HUSBAND FOUND, Te Enclose Manhattan Crossing Platform.

 

In response to complaints made to President
1. Rossiter of the Brookly. Helghts Railroad
of the poor protection afforded to

Wife Had Thought Him Robhed and Killed
—Tarns Up in Fourteenth Street, c

George F. Aishton of Rochester, the inventor | COMPanyY

7 . whos ‘ passengers waiting for car: at the Manhattan
of a mechanical top, whore wife came here crossing j latform, he has ordered that the plat-
yesterday and reported him to the police as | form be enclosed so as to keep out the wind and
missing in this city, was found in Fourteenth | rain An e ort will also be made be the

superintendent of the road to arrange better
train connections at tis point

street last night by Detective Hughes of the
Central Office. Aishton came here two weeks
ago to canvass for the sale of his top, On Oct
14 he wrote that he was coming home the next |

Irory Convicted of Marder in the First Degree.

 

day. The clerk of the Hotel Albert, where he | .
was staying, saw him the next morning. Then | PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 24.--Henry Ivory, one of
he disa eared, ony ing \ t asGage ana his | three colored men who were arrested soon after
unpaid bill at the Hote thert is wife told bom 2 a : .
the police that he carried $1,500 with him, and | {2 Murder of Prof. Roy Wilson White, who was
she feared he'd met with foul play. He did not | Killedon the night of May 19, near the Powelion
avenue station of the Pennaviveania Kail-
Mr Ashton told Detective Hughes that he | Toad, Was to-day convicted of murder in the

first degree ‘| women, Charles Perry and Ainos

was going to ee his wife,who was at the Hotet
Sterling, remain to be tried

Albert He said that he had heen to VPort-
land, Me onayachting trip and that he hadn't
had a chance to communicate with her

|
return to the hotel last night
|

Kentocky's New Election Law Signed.

FRANKFORT, Ky., Oct. 24.—Gov. Beckham to-
day signed House bill 18, passed by the extra
session of the 1, lature, which adjourned on
Monday. The bill reals the Goebel election
law and gives to the State a supplementary
election law. The law does not take effect for
ninety days and the election in November will
be held under the Goebel law

Harry Phillips Arrested at Montreal.

MONTREAL, Oct. 24.-- Harry Phillip-, a
known sporting Man, Who some years ago look
John L Sullivanto Europe, was arrested to-
night on a charge of uttering forwed paper
Phillips was released on bail pending an in-
vestigation,

Past Niagara's Cataract.

Tickets to St. Louts over Lackawanna Mallroad tn
sure view of the Falls. Through cars dally.—Ade

Poland Water ts ie pre
Uahing the functions of the

well-

  
 

Where to Find Good Liqaors—

in places where Carl H. Schultz's waters are sold. ~
Adt.

 

 

eT remedy for re-este>
swmach.~Ade

Poland Water isthe eover ign remedy for re estab
Ushing the functions of the stomach - Ads, =

    

eines srnrermennatnerenenmn NEE

} ent instance the examiner went into the bank

Falr and cooler to-day and to-morrow;

fresh north winds.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

BANK TELLER ALVORD'S METHOD
MADE AS CLEAR AS DAY,

“Nobody Wad Ever Thought of It Before''
~Surrender and Partial Rostitation Talked
Of—He Probably Took a Solld Lot of Cash
With Him-At Work Three Days After He
Had Been Caught Altering a Balance
Cooked for the Benefit of the Examiners

 

When They Were inthe Bank Twice a Year.

Cornelius 1, Alvord, Jr,, stole $990,000 of the
First National Bank's money as easily as a
man Jiving at the rate of $900,000 a year puta
his hand in his pocket and withdraws the
cash needed to pay hig-bills, or signs a check,
Alvord for the last two years lived at a $300,000
rate, unless he pulled out of the bank a very bla
sum all in a bunch just before he went away,
as a tinal ben, for in a statement made publie

  

by the Comptroller's oflee in Washington

yesterday it was declared that examination

of the bank's books showed that Alvord's i

shortage two years ago had been only about

$100,000, Altogether his stealings have ex- ft
tended over a period of about five veara, during *
which time he has been in sole control of his ,
department, no one having been appointed ti
to cheek his balances or having been subati- *
tuted at his desk at intervals, asia the rule in &

many banks, He had not begun his stealings

when public announcement was made of Samuel t
C. Seeley's thefts of $964,000 from the National
e and Teather Bank, which had extended
over a number of years, and whan much waa
said among bankers regarding the practice
of permitting a bank clerk to remain contin-
nously at one post, a practioe which had enabled
Seeley and Frederick Baker to rob that bank
of heif as much as Alvord got away with

NOW HE DID IT; OFFICIAL EXPLANATION,

The acting Comptroller of the Currener,
Deputy Comptroller T, P. Kane, gave out the
following explanation at Washington veaterday
of the way in which Alvord’s robberies had been
carried on

“During the proceas of the examination of
the Firat National Bank, Assistant Cashfer
Backus discovered that the note and exchange
teller, Alvord, was short in his cash to an amount ;
which has since been found to be $699,009 ,
His thefts have been going on for a long time
The plan of concealing them and making the
eash on hand agree with the amount for whleh ;
he was accountalile, as shown by the books,
wis to take out of the morning mall, of which
he was In charge, a sufficient number of cash
items to cover the aggregate amount of his
defaleation and add them to the exchanges
for the Clearing House received during the
preceding day. The examination of the ex-
changes at the time of the examination showed
the total amount correct, but $690,000 of the
items had been taken from the morning receipts i
and listed with the previous day's exchanges
the amount of additions being reduced that
much, so that the sum of the two aggregated
the correct amount 4 change in the slip by

Shi

=

Alvord later in the day cansed inquiry and com- {
parison to be made at the Clearing House,when
it was discovered that tha two items of ‘previous :
day's exchanges’ and ‘morning additions’ did "
hot correspond with the lst checked by Ti
examiner, and acount of the current day's
cash and checks in the hands of the third
teller (Alvord) revealed a shortage of $¢00,000
The shortage seems to have been about
$100,000 two years ago and has been y

inoreased gradually since that time, the teller
concealing the same in the morning additions,
which always amount to much more than the
amount of his shortage and never enter into
the count of the preceding day's cash. There
is no way to have a check on the morning ad-
ditions to the exchanges except by counting
the note teller’s cash and checks twice or to
begin examination of cash in the evening,
which Is otherwise ol jectionable

“The bank has charged out the amount of the
shortage without impairing its surplus or un-
divided profita account. A further examina-
tion of Alvord’s accounts by the officers of
the bank shows that his stealings have been

~Had to Doctor His Clearing Hoase Sheet }

going on for several years. Fourteen months Uy
aco he took atwo wee vacation, and an ex- f

of his Uckets preceding his going

ws that he covered his

amination
and after his return, sh

-
shortage while absent by making a numer of il
charges to out-of-town accounts, and credited
back the amounts on his return before the
monthly statements weresentout. The amount i
of his shortage at various periods in the rast '

seems to have gone up and down, and It is prob-
“Able that this is due to the fact that whenever
he had reason to expect any investigation of
hiscashora periodical visit fromthe examiner,
he would doctor it by means of these false
charges against larve accounts In the pres-

amonth ahead of the usualalx months’ period,
the last preceding examination having been
made May 15, 1900, and this unexpected visit
prevented a manipulation of the figures by Al-
vord, and led t« v of the defalcation
This theft could probably have been pre
vented by a rotation of the clerical force of the
bank, thus placing department under

the supervision of different persons successivels

n discove

each

There is no way accurately to check the account«
of anemplos ee ifhe has access to the sueceeding
ish from which tomake good his shortage
of the current day (and this is what Alvord has
always had), and has also the opportunity ta
hold back credits for a longer time than the day
which the letters enclosing items are re-
ceived
TALK OF

day's ¢

on

RESTITUTION AND SURRENDER
Some of those who read the Deputy Comp-

troller’4 statement expressed the opinion that

 

Alvord prohably carrie? away with him a }
very large lot of cash ont of the last morning’ j
mail that he opened, It seemed to them leas '

likely that so large a shortage as one approxt-
irmed along and con-
cealed from ¢ in the manner speci.
fled for a considerable time with the daily ex
pe tation of making good out of the morning

SH00,007

lay

was ¢

to day

 

 

 

 

  

mail, than that Alvord, apprehending detece :
tion, should at the last have grabbed what- “
ever was in sight, leaving the bank to add
this last large item to whatever previous ae ‘
gregate shortage had accrued and putting yf
himself in a position to offer to disgorge the f
last lot on the best terms he could make, }

But on the other hand a banker who had i!
looked into the matter said that it was prac- a
tically as easy fer Alvord to carry along and } ]
conceal an enormous shortage as a little one j
Tt was stated on what seemed to be satisfactory i
authority yesterday that he did pocket a gery '
pretty sum just before he decamped; namely
$60,000 in cash which he got in one remittance
from an out-of-town bank recei ved on the morn- |
ing of the daw he disappeared. As to nego ’
tiations the bank stated yesterday that while
t would recover everything it could to which )
it was legally entitled, it would not enter into iF
any afrangements jooking to the compound |
ing of a felony. If Alvord took at the finish
a mere handful like $90,000. he probably did it :
with a view to having somefready money handy

The reporters who talked yesterday with ft
Alvord’s counsel, Jocoh FO Miller, wot the in :
pression that a schedule of Alvord’s preser '
posse ons is being prepared tha view to 7
the offer of such restitution as they will amount } i
to and possibly to the surrender of Alvord to ;
justice :

SECOND STATEMENT FROM THE BANK

The bank vesterday contributed some further Ft
explanation of Als thefts in the following |
statement, supplementary to the announos ed

made on Tuesday afternoon 4

 

“Alvord's false entries appear to have com

menced about five vears ago. One of his duties »
was to collect drafts and notes not vable
through the Clearing Hou-e, 4 considerable por

of these uaually being paid in cash. He ap-
Poland Water Is the sovereign remedy ° reevted
6 (he functions of ine tiSmach Ades